They all watched Izuki as she descended down the staircase. Izuki yawned a
little and saw everyone in the living room staring at her. Izuki's eyes
widen.

Izuki: Uh....Good morning!

No one responded.

Izuki: (sweatdrop) Wha...what is wrong?

Tenchi: Izuki, you have been here for seven months already and we don't know
anything about what is going on.

Washu: Yeah, and what about this dark shadow creature? I like to test it!

Everyone: (sweatdrops)

Izuki: Oh yeah, about that! (laughs nervously) Oh well, might as well tell
you now because you need to know sooner or later.

Everyone looked at Izuki closely and listened to every word.

Izuki told the story: It is said that there was an evil shadow that was
destroying the universe one planet at a time, the three Goddesses, Washu,
Tsunami, and Tokimi, had trapped the shadow into the Earth's moon for at
least 4,000 years. But since the 4,000 years are over, the Evil Shadow will
be released and will try to destroy the universe once again. But now that
the
Shadow's powers have been growing during the time he was locked up, he will
be strong than the three Goddesses combined powers. And I have been sent
into
the past to at least help everyone.

Tenchi: But how is the future still alive?

Izuki: Well, there is a story about a girl named Cha-Kayu who destroyed the
evil one, but no one knows her or her existance. So I have come to at least
see the girl or fight.

Washu: Oh yeah! I remember that Shadow guy! Pretty ugly if you ask me!

Tenchi: Washu this isn't no time for jokes!

Izuki: Right, it is time for my mommy to come and visit me!

Everyone: WHAT!!!!!!!!!!

Izuki: My mother is coming tomorrow to visit me!

Ayeka: I can't wait to see how I look in the future!

Ryoko: What! What do you mean! It is me who is coming!

Ayeka: Yes, as my servant!

Ryoko: You little spoiled........

(interupts)Ayeka: Hush up! You are not to say that kind of stuff in front of
my daughter

Ayeka hugs Izuki.

Ayeka: Now don't you worry Izuki, mommy is coming to comfort you!

Something shines bright in Ayeka's eyes. Ayeka covers her eyes.

Ayeka: Ahhhhhhh! What was that!

Izuki pulls her sleeve down revealing a gem. Izuki quickly pulls it up.

Izuki: Uhhhhhhhhhhhhh, my watch! Yes, can't go anywhere without my watch!

Ryoko pulls down her sleeve.

Ryoko: A gem?

Ryoko pulls down her other sleeve. Another gem revealed. Ryoko's eyes widen
and grins widely. Tenchi faints. Everyone else's eyes widen.

Ryoko: IZUKI IS MY DAUGHTER! YOU HEAR THAT AYEKA?! TENCHI AND I HAVE A
DAUGHTER!!!!!! HA HA HA!!!!!!!!! IN YOUR FACE!

Ayeka: How can this be? Where did you get those gems?

Izuki: Washu put them in when I was twelve. I have three actually.

Izuki reveals another on her neck. Ayeka's eyes fill up with tears. Ayeka
looks down, trying not to cry.

Ayeka: Well, at least I know that Tenchi is happy with his new family.

Tenchi gets up.

Tenchi: What happened?

Ryoko: Tenchi, I knew you loved me more than Ayeka! Oh, Tenchi!

Ryoko hugs Ayeka. Tenchi is confused.

Tenchi: WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IZUKI?!!!!!!!

Izuki: Why do I call you DAD?

Tenchi is about to faint when Ryo-Ohki comes in grumpy.

Sasami: Oh, Ryo-Ohki, to many carrots!

Ryo-Ohki isn't fat because of carrots.

Sasami: RYO-OHKI! WASHU!

Washu: Hold on everyone, I am the only one with a medical degree here so I
shall deliver this baby!

Everyone: BABY!

Soon enough, Ryo-Ohki gives birth to her first child. She is a perfectly
healthy little cabbit. She is tan with a blue jewel on her head.

Sasami: How cute!

Washu cleans up the little cabbit and everything else. The little cabbit
opens her eyes and looks around at the people watching her. The cabbit spots
Izuki. The cabbit jumps on Izuki's shoulder.

Izuki: So this is how you were born, May-Ohki?

Everyone: May-Ohki?

Izuki: Yes, I have a cabbit in the future born by Ryo-Ohki and her name is
May-Ohki.

Sasami: So you have your own spaceship Izuki?

Izuki: Yup, I certainly do Sasami!

Sasami: So who is the father?

Izuki: Ken-Ohki, who else?

Sasami patted the cabbit. But then there was a knock at the door.

Tenchi opens the door. But standing in front of Tenchi was an older version
of Ryoko.

Older Ryoko: Hello people? Know me?

Izuki ran over to Older Ryoko. She hugs her mother.

Izuki: Mother!

Older Ryoko: Izuki!

Older Ryoko becomes more serious.

Older Ryoko: Izuki, there is something I have to tell you. You are now the
most wanted crimnal in the future.

Everyone is now totally confused!!!
* * * * *

Tenchi: What? Izuki is the most wanted crimnal in the future? What did she
do? What Jurai?! Izuki?! Coming up next is No Need for Jurai, what will
happen to Izuki?

Kiyone: It is unquestionably the truth.
