Chapter One: Part One: No Need for the Future!

      Future: A young girl stands on the top of the Shrine and her hair
sways in the wind. She has her long black hair into a ponytail and she has
yellow and black eyes and is wearing a blue kimono outfit. She looks up and
whispers "I am coming Washu!" Then a beam of light falls onto the girl. The
beam of light rises the girl into the sky. She floats to a yellow tunnel.
But
before she is all the way into the yellow tunnel, she spots her mother and
father below. She yells out to her parents, "Mother, Father I will be going
to the future, but don't worry, Washu will take good care of me and show me
the way!" After that the girl was swallowed into the yellow tunnel in the
sky.

Chpater One: Part Two: No Need For Special Deliveries!

      Present: It is at the Masaki Household with Mihoshi, Ryoko, Sasami,
Ryo-Ohki, Ayeka, Kiyone and Tenchi all inside eating breakfast. But Washu is

standing outside on this cold October morning. Washu was standing outside
with the cold fall breeze blowing against her. Washu was standing there with

her arms crossed and her nose is a little red at the tip. Everyone was
worried about Washu, she is usually in her Lab most of the time, but this
was
strange for Washu to be outside, especially this time of day.

Tenchi: Washu has been outside every morning for the past few weeks, is
something wrong with her?

Ryoko: I wouldn't worry to much, she might actually be getting some nice
cold
fall air because she is always in her Lab.

Sasami: But she is always late for breakfast like this since she got that
strange fever.

      (Flashback: Washu had a fever that was very strange, it was a fever
not known. Everyone was scared that they might lose their loveable little
scientist. But everyday, while Washu had the fever, Washu asked Tenchi for a

favor.

Washu: Please, Tenchi, if I don't make it, greet Izuki when she comes to
help
us!

      Tenchi was very confused about what Washu asked Tenchi to do. Who was
Izuki or was Washu's fever was making her hear voices. But once Washu got
better, every morning Washu was outside. As if she was expecting someone.)

Ayeka: Well whatever the reason, I think we shouldn't interfer with her and
her plans she is a regular person like everyone of us. Except Ryoko, of
course!

Ryoko: What, why you spoiled little princess!

Mihoshi: Uh oh, something is starting again!

Kiyone: It doesn't ever start, it hasn't even ended with these two.

Tenchi:(moaning) Can't you two stop already, for all our sakes!

Sasami: Oh look! Washu is coming!

Everyone looks at Washu through a window, except Ryoko and Ayeka. Washu
looked disappointed and sad. This made everyone worried.

Washu: No one today, I guess!

Just before Washu opened the door for the house, there was a bump sound.
Washu looked behind herself and there stood the girl from the future. Washu
ran to her.

Izuki: Hello Washu or Grandmother!

Washu: Hello Izuki or Granddaughter!

They both laugh.

Everyone comes outside to see the girl. Even Ayeka and Ryoko. Ryoko has her
arms around Tenchi.

Izuki: Hello all I am Izuki, and Washu was so kind as to wait for me!

Mihoshi: You know us?

Izuki: Of Course! (looks at Kiyone and Mihoshi) You two are Galaxy Police
Officials, Mihoshi and Kiyone. (looks at Ayeka and Sasami) You two are
Princesses of the Planet Jurai, Ayeka and Sasami. (looks at Ryo-Ohki and
picks her up) And this is the Cabbit, Ryo-Ohki! (Izuki pets Ryo-Oki and
Ryo-Ohki meows) (Then looks at Tenchi and Ryoko and smiles at the two) And
that is the space pirate Ryoko and that there the future King of Jurai,
Tenchi, my daddy!

Everyone looks at Izuki werid and Ayeka and Ryoko are happy.

Ayeka: Me and Tenchi have a daughter! How lovely!

Ryoko: Hey! Me and Tenchi could have a daughter!

Ayeka: No she said that Tenchi is the Future king of Jurai and so that must
mean Tenchi and I got married so Tenchi can be king.

Izuki: Now I did not say that Ayeka was my mother! I could only be half
princess and Tenchi could be the king and get married to someone else!

Preview of Next Story:
Tenchi: On our next story this girl so werid! Who is Izuki's mother? And
will
we find out were she came from? And why does she say I am her father? Coming

up next is Chapter Two: No Need For Daughters!

Ryoko: It's unquestionibly father and daughter relations!
