Disclaimer:  The characters in this fan fic are property of 
AIC and Pioneer.  I am only using them to fit this story.  
Enjoy the fic.


The Dawn of Freedom


	Ryoko stretched her arms up into the afternoon sky.  
The summer was so beautiful.  She felt calm and joy.  This 
was her day.  Her day to win Tenchi's heart was definitely 
going to be today.  She rested herself her head on the roof 
and closed her eyes for her afternoon nap.  
***
	"Ryoko!  RYOKO!  Where can that demon be," Ayeka asked 
frustrated with being stuck with all of the chores?  
"Ryoko," she called again.

"Miss Ayeka," a man's voice said from behind.

	Ayeka turned red in the face.  Her heart pounded 
heavily and fast.  She felt like she was floating on 
clouds.  She immediately straightened her posture and 
turned to see her love.  

	"Lord Tenchi, hi," she waved with a smile.

	"What is the matter, Miss Ayeka?  I could hear you 
yelling from the fields," Tenchi said shyly.

	Ayeka's expression changed from a smile to an angry 
frown as she said in anger, "It is that demon, Ryoko.  She 
is skipping out on her chores again."

	"I see.  I will have a talk to her and settle this 
matter once and for all," Tenchi smiled and continued his 
way up to the shrine.

	"Lord Tenchi, be careful," she said.

	He turned and smiled as he replied, "Don't worry, I 
have been around Ryoko enough to know her reactions to 
almost anything I do.  See ya," he waved and climbed the 
massive steps to the shrine.
***
	His patience was wearing thin.  This was taking too 
long.  He sat on his throne tapping his fingers on the 
armrest.  Where could his messenger be?  He had a lot to do 
before his ever so weak son became king of the land he has 
conquered.

	"Blyte!" he yelled.

	"Yes, my liege," came the shy reply of a middle aged 
man.  He was scrawny for his age and streaks of gray could 
be seen in his black hair.  The servant lifted his emerald 
eyes up to his master and waited for his command.

	"Where are the messengers that I sent a few days ago?" 
he asked demandingly as his hands clasped greedily around 
the golden orbs at the foot of his armrest.

"They were found dead this morning, sire," bowed the 
pleasing servant.

"And, why did I just find out, now?" he roared in rage 
as he slammed a fist into his armrest.

"Sorry, my lord, but we had to identify the bodies 
first.  They were severely burned," quivered Blyte.

"And who are our suspects?" the king spoke in a 
whisper, but was really holding back his anger.

"A small army of peasants to the east in the land 
known as Jarnel," replied Blyte eagerly.

"Jarnel," the king paused to scratch his chin and 
said, "for punishment of them trying to regain their 
kingdom, I will have to reestablish prima nocta, the first 
night," he smiled a malicious grin.
***
Earth was indeed a beautiful planet, but he had no 
time for scenery.  He had to find Ryoko and give her the 
news.  Time was of the essence.
***
That night at the Masaki home, Ryoko sat on the roof 
looking up at the stars.  Dinner was delicious and now she 
was tired and ready to dream of her love.  She closed her 
eyes letting the wind caress her cyan hair.  She was almost 
asleep when...

"Ryoko, wake up.  You and I need to talk," said a 
voice that made her almost melt in her own love sickness.

"Tenchi," she spoke slowly opening her dreary eyes.

"Yes, and about this afternoon," he said as his eyes 
were not of happiness.

Ryoko bit her bottom lip in understanding.  This was 
no ordinary visit.  She was in trouble again.  She looked 
up at his brown eyes in innocence.  She slowly smiled and 
asked seductively, "What about this afternoon?"

"Why were you not helping out with the chores, Ryoko?" 
he asked not falling for her charm.

"Tenchi, I...uh...uh..."

"Just as I thought, no reason.  Ryoko, next time do 
your chores," he said and turned to climb down the roof.  
"And next time, this talk will not be so simple if you do 
it again.  Do I make myself clear?" 

"Perfectly," she sighed.

"Good.  Let's get some sleep.  Goodnight."

"Goodnight," she replied sadly.
***
	Ryoko lay on her futon cuddled into a ball as she 
slept.  The dreams came, but they appeared to be memories.  
She saw her brother dancing happily in her dream...
***
	The man danced with grace as he twirled and swayed to 
the music of his native land.  His blonde hair flowed down 
to his shoulders.  He was built and looked to be almost 
Ryoko's age, but he was wearing a blue tunic and trousers 
with a plaid stripe across the chest.  

	"Come sis, dance with me.  This is a day of 
celebration.  Let's dance the night away," he spoke with a 
huge grin.

	Ryoko remained silent.  This was no memory, but what?  
Then, she looked ahead to see a peasant looking girl in a 
white dress that covered her feet.  Her walnut colored hair 
flowed in the wind as if she was an angel.  She took her 
brother's hand and the two danced and laughed as they 
twirled.  Ryoko smiled as she watched the event.  Then 
darkness covered the scene, and the body of the dancing 
girl lay dead in her own blood.  Ryoko turned around to see 
her brother with a dagger to his throat.  He was whispering 
to her.

	"Avenge me, sister," he whispered as the knife slid 
across his neck and a river of blood flowed down his neck.

	"NOOOOOOOOO!" she screamed and felt someone shaking 
her.  Then, an old man with a white beard and curly hair 
starred at her.  His eyes were cold of greed and power.  
She shook in terror, as he were the crown of the Erks.
***
Ryoko opened her eyes in fear.  She was soaked in her 
own sweat.  She sat up to see Tenchi sitting right beside 
her.  She gasped to slow her pacing breath and heart down.

"Ryoko, it's all right.  You just had a bad dream," he 
said stroking her soft hair.

"No, it was so real," she said and realized she was 
crying.

"Tell me about it."
"My brother died," she cried into his shoulder.

"Your brother?" he asked confused.

"Yes, when our father and mother died in the last 
rebellion against the Erks, he sent me away and stayed 
until things settled down.  That was thirteen years ago.  I 
have not heard from him since," she said wiping the tears 
from her cheeks.

"I am sure he is okay.  Now, try to get some sleep," 
he said slowly pushing her into bed and pulling the 
blankets over her body.  "Goodnight and pleasant dreams," 
he whispered into her ear and left.

Ryoko remained starring at the ceiling.  She could 
only worry about her brother.  
***
	That morning Ryoko decided to sweep the porch.  She 
wanted to get her mind off the dream, and away from the 
investigator, or Tenchi.  She just wanted to think of her 
brother of begin alive not dead, but he can't be dead.  She 
would have been informed.  She shuddered and continued to 
sweep.  The sound of thunder alerted her to look up.  She 
stepped back in terror as a cubed spacecraft landed in 
front of the lake.  One of the sides of the vessel opened 
upward and a tall, scrawny man with long black hair stepped 
out.  He were the same clothes her brother wore in her 
dream, but his plaid stripe was a different pattern.  She 
felt a tear fall down her cheek as she thought this is what 
the news was preparing her for.

	"Don't worry.  I am not here to harm you.  I am here 
to find Ryoko Hakubi.  Do you know where she is?" he asked 
with a bow.

	"I am her," she mumbled.

	"Great, I am here to inform you..."
	
	Ryoko felt like weight fell on her shoulders.  She 
wanted to kill herself and end the torment.  Then, as if a 
few words took it all away, she felt relief.

	"that your brother Tyanta is to be married in one 
weeks time.  If we leave now, we will be on time for the 
wedding."

	"Yes, I will pack my things," she smiled in joy.  Her 
brother was to be married not dead.  This was great.  She 
would get to see him again one more time.  She almost 
leaped in happiness at the thought.  She ran by Tenchi and 
to her room.

	"Ryoko, wait!" he yelled back and ran after her.  He 
entered her room to see her packing.  "Where are you 
going?" he asked sadly.

	"I am going to my brother's wedding.  I will be back 
in two weeks," she said happily.
	"You are really excited."

	"I know.  It has been thirteen years, since I last saw 
him."

	"Okay, that will be just about right.  We will be back 
from Startica by then."

	Ryoko froze in worry and turned slowly to face him, "I 
am sorry.  I forgot about the trip.  Sasami will be angry," 
she frowned.

	"Don't be.  Sasami will understand.  You have a good 
time and come back safely," he smiled.

	"You got it, and you the same," she hugged him and ran 
with baggage in hand out the door.  Tenchi stood in front 
of the house waving good bye as the ship took to the sky.
***
	Ryoko sat by her messenger watching the different 
planets they passed by.  She felt thrilled, and yet a part 
of her felt that she would not see her love again.  She 
shook her head trying to get rid of the dreadful thought 
and starred back at her messenger.

	"Who are you?" she asked.

	He turned to her in surprise and bowed his head in 
forgiveness as he said, " Forgive me.  I am Yanta, we used 
to play together by the riverbed those many years ago.  Do 
you remember?" he smiled and appeared to wink at her.

	Ryoko returned the smile as she did remember him, but 
he was a fat boy, and not so scrawny looking.  "How did you 
get so small in size?  You were a big kid when we were 
little."

	He frowned and looked back at the space they traveled 
through.  "A lot has happened since you left.  The tyrant 
king, Demal of Erk, is trying to conquer our land again.  
He is succeeding.  He has starved, murdered, and raped our 
people.  And last month the law of prima nocta was 
reestablished."

	"Prima nocta, what is that?"

	"On the first night of one of our weddings, a lord of 
the Erks has the right to sleep with the bride that very 
night."

	"Oh," Ryoko sighed feeling guilty of what her people 
are suffering and she had no idea.

	Yanta looked back at her.  "Don't worry about it.  
That is why your brother sent you away.  He did not want 
you to live in this world.  When we get there, there is 
someone I would like you to meet."

	"Who," she asked curiously?

	"Your niece, Lyna," he laughed.

	"My niece," she repeated looking down at her feet.

	"Yes, your brother and is marrying her mother.  You 
see, we knew the king would return the prima nocta law.  
Your brother and his soon to be bride, Kysta, made love and 
had a child so the noble would not go through with the law.  
After all, it has no effect if the woman has already had a 
child and is no longer a virgin."

	"How old is she?" Ryoko smiled in excitement.

	"She is three years old."

	"What does she look like?

	"She has your brother's chin and hair, her mother's 
nose, and your eyes."

	Ryoko felt anxiety run through her every being.  She 
couldn't wait to see her brother, or her niece.  She 
resisted not leaping to the air, but it was hard.  She 
looked back out at space and waited.
***
	Blyte ran up the spiraling staircase with great ease.  
He felt his master must here some interesting news.  The 
old servant opened his master's chamber door and slipped 
inside.

	"Master," he whispered.

	"What is it Blyte," came an annoyed reply?

	"A couple is getting married this weekend.  They 
already have a three-year old daughter.  I was wondering if 
I needed to send troupes to investigate this little 
occasion."

	"No.  Instead we will let a noble man go, and give his 
right to prima nocta," the king smiled.

	"But sire, she is used.  She will give no desire to a 
noble," Blyte argued, but was received with a fist the 
broke his collarbone.  The very sound of his bone cracking 
could be heard in the room.  Blyte fell to his knees crying 
in pain.  

	"How dare you challenge my authority," the king 
bellowed in anger?

	"I am sorry, my king," whimpered the small servant.

	"Good.  This shall teach those rebels that they cannot 
defy our laws and get away with it.  Force Duke Hyn to do 
it.  He owes me a favor, and cannot deny my power for it is 
high treason and he will be punished by death.  Go Blyte," 
he ordered.

	Blyte limped his way out of the chamber and hurried to 
the Duke's quarters.  He left his hand on his broken 
collarbone.  He would have to get it looked at soon, but 
first he had to complete his master's orders.
***
	The parade was magnificent.  Floats of Christmas 
trees, candy, and presents lined the street to the imperial 
palace.  People in various costumes marched in between each 
float.  The hordes of audience watched and cheered.  The 
celebration for Startica has begun.

Tenchi and Ayeka strolled to the balcony to watch the 
scene of the parade.  They just arrived yesterday.  When 
they arrived, a letter from Ryoko was received.  She has 
been gone for two weeks, but Ayeka has not had time to read 
it as well as Tenchi.  Tenchi pulled the letter from his 
pocket and looked at Ayeka.

	"Open it," she said anxiously.

	Tenchi nodded and opened the white envelope.  He 
opened it and pulled out a letter.  It was stained in red 
ink.  He unfolded the letter curiously.  They read the 
letter together with great amusement, but their smiles 
vanished as the continued...
***
	Ryoko watched as her brother killed a guard that was 
after Kysta.  She ran screaming his name as the guards took 
Kysta and slit her throat soaking her dress in her own 
blood.  Ryoko grabbed a dagger at her feet and attacked 
another guard.  Throwing the small blade into another 
soldier's chest.

	She looked in front of her to see her brother's blonde 
hair fly with the wind as he brought his broad sword 
against the noble that came to commit prima nocta.  The two 
parried each other, but more soldiers were coming from 
behind.  She grabbed a sword that rested at her feet from a 
fallen soldier and ran toward her brother.  

	"Tyanta!" she screamed, but it was too late the guard 
over took him, and the noble pulled out his dagger and 
placed it to Tyanta's throat.

	"This is what happens when you defy our lord and king, 
Demal," he announced and slid his knife across her 
brother's throat.  Blood leaked with every centimeter the 
knife moved.

	"NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!" she screamed.

	"Avenge me," Tyanta's lips whispered and his eyes went 
limp as they looked up into the sky.

	The noble looked at her and ordered, "Get her.  She 
has killed a few of our soldiers."

	Ryoko was ready to charge, but a man grabbed her and 
lifted her onto an animal that looked like a horse, but 
bigger in size.  She looked down and saw Yanta.

	"Go!  Get out of here and take her with you.  I will 
meet you at the tree where we played when we were little," 
he said lifting a little blonde-headed girl into Ryoko's 
lap. "Now, GO!" he order and slapped the horse like animal 
as it ran out of the village.
***
	Tenchi read on as he looked at the last paragraph...

	This is it Tenchi.  I have my niece and we are hiding.  
Yanta came later that night and now we are going to take my 
revenge.  I am asking that you watch over my niece, Lyna.  
She is a good girl.  Please, Ayeka, I beg you.  Take care 
of her for I am putting her in your custody.  Yanta and my 
niece will arrive two days after you receive my letter.  
Yanta will leave and join me at the battlefield.  Ayeka, I 
also ask that you claim to be her aunt as well.  She is 
scared for she saw things that a child her age should have 
not seen.  I beg you again, please!  I love you all and put 
away any past differences aside and I ask for your 
forgiveness.  For I may not be around to say this.  I am 
now in God's mercy for the more crimes I am about to 
commit.  Farewell family.



Love,
Ryoko


Tenchi ripped the letter and dropped it to the ground. He 
turned around and marched into the room behind them.  How 
could she be so stupid? 

	"What is she doing?" he asked.

	"She is causing a war," Ayeka said.

	"A war, why?"

	"Because her country has been held under the Erks 
tyranny for a long time, and now she almost lost her entire 
family to them.  She seeks revenge, and by sending her 
niece to us she can continue.  If she wins, they have 
independence.  If she loses, she will not be killed in 
battle, but taken to the capital of the Erk empire and 
executed there," she said grimly.

	"This is insane.  I am going to stop her," he said and 
turned to pack.

	"I am afraid you can't leave."

	"Why?" he yelled.

	"Because you are representing Jurai.  You go and you 
will put as in a war against our allies.  We have been 
allies with the Erks for centuries.  Many lives will be 
lost on your decision."

	"Lives?" Tenchi shook his head in disagreement.  "We 
are the Jurai Empire.  We have ships and armies.  You said 
so yourself the most powerful empire in the universe."

	"Yes, but the gravity on that planet prevents the use 
of energy use.  Jurian ships cannot fire lasers or Jurai 
energy.  It will all be malfunctioned.  We would have to 
fight with armed and unarmed combat, and they are more 
experienced than any of us at that.  We would lose," she 
pleaded sitting on her knees and pulling on his blue tunic.

	"Then, what can I do?"

	"Do what she said and pray for the best.  I have to 
have a meeting at the council."

	"Why?"

	"I am going to declare Ryoko's niece as a temporary 
heir to my throne.  She would be a second princess of 
Jurai.  That a way she will be under my supervision 
personally.  It is going to be a long meeting, but I am 
sure I can pull it off.  The nobles really hate it when we 
bring a commoner into the family, as they call it," she 
gave a small giggle.  "Come, we have to prepare for her 
arrival.  She will be here tomorrow."
***
	Ryoko rode up the muddy trail.  Her white Jasper 
neighed in defiance, but Ryoko continued her steed onward 
with a gentle kick to the side.  She could see the spears 
of men on the wooden fort.  She looked around and saw many 
weaknesses to the fort.  The major one was that there were 
no archers.  She could easily get away with her plan for 
certain.  She raised her hands in the air as if to 
surrender.  She could hear the guards pleas for their 
captain.  She took a deep breath and gave a small prayer as 
a small group of guards ran to her spears ready.  She felt 
ironic that she has been wanted over the universe for being 
a pirate, but always ran away.  Now, she stays to fight her 
own battles.  She glanced down her left to see a guard 
reach up to grab her muddy trousers.  She kicked him in the 
nose drawing him back.  She punched another guard in the 
jaw.  Reaching for her back she pulled out a black hilt 
broadsword.  It was her brother's and now it was hers.  She 
unsheathed it and brought it down on another guard's skull 
bending his helmet and releasing a flow of blood as the man 
fell.
	Ryoko pulled a dagger from her boot and tossed it into 
the chest of the last guard.  The guard flew off his feet 
and cursed as he desperately tried to pull the dagger out 
of his chest.  Ryoko jumped off her horse ramming her sword 
into the guard's neck.  She wiped the blood that spewed on 
her face.  She stood up and twirled her sword in the air.  
Her villagers ran with their weapons and farm equipment and 
charged the fort.  The battle was quick and no Erk was left 
a live.  Ryoko breathed in the air around her as she tried 
to breathe in fresh air, but only foul air of death seeped 
into her lungs.  She felt sick and wanted to get out of 
this fort.  She slowly walked her way out and others 
followed.  She wobbled for she was not used to so much 
bloodshed.  She has killed before, but not where blood 
highlighted the spot of war.  She looked at her bloody 
hands and looked up into the sky.

	"Tenchi, forgive me.  There is no turning back.  I 
have started a war," she felt tears drop into her hands.  
The tiny drops made the blood swirl where she can see the 
natural skin of her hand.  She leaned on her knees and 
prayed for forgiveness.  
***
	The court of Jurai gathered in the docking bay.  
Dressed in their finest robes they awaited their new 
guest's arrival.  Ayeka and Tenchi stood in front of the 
crowd.  A spherical shaped ship rested in the center of the 
bay.  The crowd watched in silence as a ramp descended to 
the floor.  An opening could be seen above the ramp as two 
figures climbed down.  One was very short to the other.  
The other held the small one's hand.  Ayeka took a step 
forward and raised her hand in peace.

	"We except your offer to keep the child, but as too 
being royal blood that has not been final," she said to the 
taller man.  She then, blinked as she recognized his 
identity.  "You're the messenger," she pointed.

	"Yes, I am Yanta," he replied.  He nudged the little 
girl forward with his hand.  "This is Lina, Ryoko's niece.  
Say hi, little one," he smiled.

	The little girl gripped her teddy bear in fear.  Ayeka 
noticed the little girl's eyes water.  She watched as the 
little girl tucked her head into her teddy.  Ayeka knelt 
down on her knees and gave the little girl a welcoming hug.  
She heard the voices of the other nobles bickering about an 
empress sitting on her knees to a child.  She giggled to 
their surprise.  It would do them good to treat everyone as 
equals, or at least see her do it.  She waited for the 
little girl to quit quavering in fear before she released 
her hug.  She looked up at the messenger.

	"You are all pretty tired.  Why don't I show you to 
your quarters?"  Ayeka said welcoming.

	"I am sorry, Empress Ayeka, but I am needed home.  
Someone has to watch Ryoko's back.  By now, she is just 
getting over the sickness of seeing death in war for the 
first time.  I have been raised in it my entire life.  
Ryoko was sent away so she would not have to see it, but 
now she has become a big part in it.  As we speak, the Erks 
are calling a war.  The media will be afraid to go down 
there since any form of energy is useless on our planet, so 
coverage can only be taken from space.  In other words, I 
am afraid giving you news if anyone will be all right is 
going to be difficult.  Ryoko says she will try to send you 
all a letter at least once every three months.  I am afraid 
anymore and the Erks will begin spying those letters for 
her weakness," he finished and turned to climb up the 
plank.

	"Don't worry about us.  You might not know this, but 
the Erks are allies to us.  They have already asked for our 
service to blockade their borders.  We denounced their 
pleas for we wish to remain neutral.  And besides, the last 
thing the Erks want is us to be enemies," she said.

	"Thanks for everything, and if you do decide to help 
in this war, don't.  The only bloodshed we need is our own.  
No one else can die in this war.  Farewell," he waved and 
continued up the ramp.

	Ayeka led the child away as the ship prepared to take 
off.  They watched and waved the ship a farewell as it took 
to the clouds.  Ayeka starred at the little girl.  The 
child was under her protection and care.  She was 
determined to see that Lina was raised proper.  Lina will 
be raised as any noble would, even without the consent of 
the council.  Ayeka picked the little girl up into her 
arms.  

	"Come, Lina, I am Ayeka.  You can call me Aunt Ayeka 
or just Ayeka.  The choice is yours, but let's get 
something to eat.  I bet you are starving," she smiled and 
carried the child off with everyone following behind her.  
Tenchi leaped to her side.

	"Hello, Lina.  I guess I am your uncle," he chuckled 
at the thought.

	Lina turned her head and rested it on Ayeka's 
shoulder.  Ayeka gave a smile to Tenchi as the three walked 
down the corridor to the kitchen.
***
	The king tapped his armrest impatiently while starring 
at his idiot of a son.  His son replied with the same cold 
stare.  The king licked his dry lips and raises his finger 
to speak.

	"Tell me son.  A small group of rebels have attacked a 
small regiment in that area.  They left no survivors.  What 
would you do?" the king asked.

	"I would send a part of the nearest regiment to attack 
and obliterate these rebels," came the prince's snobbish 
and arrogant reply.

	"That is why you would lose my empire," yelled the 
angry king.  Calming his anger down he continued, "First, 
find out what started the rebellion."

	"And that is?" asked the prince.

	"Very good, assuming I already knew," smiled the king, 
"That noble that I sent out a month committed his right of 
prima nocta, and killed the bride and groom.  We found out 
from our sources that the groom's sister who was sent away 
from the planet, is taking revenge."

	"Who is she?" asked the confused prince.

"Ryoko Hakubi."

	"The space pirate." the prince spoke with disgust at 
every syllable.
	
	"The very one.  Now, what do we do?" asked the king 
eagerly.

	"We find out where she is hiding and slaughter them 
like cattle," replied the prince with an evil grin.

	"You're dumber than I thought," laughed the king.  
"NO!" he raged.  "We let her come to us.  She will be after 
our noble friend, so we send our reinforcements there."

	"A trap?" asked the shocked prince.

	"Yes, a simple trap.  She and her forces will move 
into the fort and my reinforcements will move in from 
behind.  That should end this little rebellion," smiled the 
tyrant king.

	"I understand, father," the prince grinned.

	"Good.  Then, I expect a full report on our success, 
when I return from my little trip."

	"Trip?  Where are you going?" asked the worried 
prince, more on himself than his father.

	"I am going to expand your future empire.  I am making 
a deal with Bruna to the west.  If everything goes well, I 
will return with your future queen." 

	"Queen," repeated the stunned prince.

	"Good, you can speak," he said sarcastically walking 
toward the door. He turned back toward his red headed, blue 
eyed, scrawny son.  "And if the plan fails and the 
rebellion continues.  End the matter once and for all.  
After all, how can I keep a strong empire, if I can't 
control my own lands," he said and left his son standing in 
the room alone.
***
	Ryoko starred at the stars.  She missed her old 
friends.  She hasn't seen them in almost a month.  Yanta 
will be returning tomorrow.  After he dropped Lina off at 
Jurai, he flew back and landed in the badlands.  He went 
there to try and rally more clans to join in the fight.  
She closed her eyes and fell asleep.

	She was almost dreaming about Tenchi when the sound of 
hooves roaming through the dirt awoke her.  She sat up with 
her hand grabbing her sword.  It was a beautiful broadsword 
blade with a red ivory hilt.

	"Easy, Ryoko.  It's me," came a familiar reply.

	She stood to her feet and tried to see the man on the 
black Jasper in front of her.  She recognized the black 
locks of hair.

	"Yanta?"

	"Yes, it is me," he replied leaping off his Jasper.  
"I am afraid that only two hundred men came to our aid.  
Most of the clans are afraid."

	"So how many do we have?" she asked biting her bottom 
lip.

	"About two hundred and twenty men."

	"Could we storm Lardale?" she asked.

	"Yes, fairly easy, too easy, in fact.  On my long ride 
back I noticed that the gates were wide open at night.  
Something is going on.  If I left tomorrow, I would 
probably never have noticed."

	"What do you think is going on?" she asked.

	"I don't know, but it doesn't seem to be an easy 
attack as it looks," he said scratching his chin.

	"Then, I will lead a small force of thirty men through 
the side.  We will burn it and circle around to the main 
gate.  Once there, I want you and the rest of the men to 
watch and wait for their reinforcements.  It looks like 
they might circle us from behind.  So keep your distance, 
where you are behind them," she swallowed some of her 
saliva due to fear.  "Are there any archers at that place?"

	"A lot of lancers and a few cavalry men, but no 
archers," he replied.

	"Great.  Do we have archers?"

	"Yes, about fifty of the two hundred brought and can 
use bows."

	"Excellent.  Chances are that they will be using foot 
soldiers and cavalrymen to get us from behind because they 
want to move fast, so use the archers to take them out as 
soon as you see them.  A lot of them will be hit from our 
shower of arrows and that will also cause them to circle 
around to come after you.  Then, we have split their forces 
for by that time, I plan to have destroyed their little 
fort and will come to aid you and the extra forces that are 
still after me."

	He wiped the sweat off of his brow and said, "I don't 
like it.  You are taking everything by chance.  It is too 
risky."
	"Aye, by not since the Erks are aggressive and want to 
live as much as any man.  They will panic and not stick 
together."

	"Damn, it still seems risky.  We might come out of it, 
but you might not," he said starring into her golden eyes 
which were quivering in the moonlight.  "You are afraid, 
aren't you?" he asked sincerely.

	"Yes, terrified, but I am not going to quit," she 
swore placing her hand over her heart.

	"We all are afraid, even me.  We all have faith in 
you, Ryoko.  I above everyone else," he whispered leaning 
toward her.  She leaned over to him and the two collided, 
their lips connecting and their tongues touching.  Ryoko 
slowly pushed away.  "I have been in love with you since we 
were children he smiled.

	Ryoko was speechless.  Her heart wanted more, but she 
felt guilt.  All this time, she felt she wanted Tenchi, but 
now.  She swayed her head at the thought.  And took a deep 
breath to speak, but his lips warmed over hers as they 
embraced again.  He pulled back.

	"Don't say anything.  The redness in your cheeks tell 
enough, and we are in no position to move our relationship 
any further.  I just wanted you to know," he said and got 
to his feet and walked into the trees.  "Get some sleep, I 
am going to tend the jaspers."

	Ryoko graced her lips with her fingers.  She felt so 
safe and warm inside, but it left when he walked into the 
shadows of the trees.  She needed sleep and time.  Time to 
think about love and her nation.
***
	It has been forty-eight hours since Tenchi last saw 
Ayeka.  He held Lina's hand as they waited for her return.  
The huge golden doors opened and Ayeka stepped out.  She 
was soaked in her own sweat as she wobbled her way toward 
them.  A huge exhausted smile grew on her face as she 
stepped closer to them.

	"I did it," she said tiredly.  She kneeled and looked 
into Lina's eyes.  She placed her hand on the child's cheek 
and moved it through her golden blonde hair.  "You are now 
of noble blood.  In a way, I have temporarily adopted you.  
If Ryoko comes back, you will go with your true aunt."

	The small child could only stare in silence.  Her eyes 
dropped tears.  The little girl seemed to be afraid still, 
but also bitter.

	"Come Lina.  I think now that we have become family.  
Let us work through your sorrows together," Ayeka grinned.  
She caught Lina in surprise as the little girl ran into her 
arms.
***
	Ryoko did not sleep well, but she has made her 
decisions.  She walked around the woods looking for Tyanta.  
She finally saw him feeding the Jaspers.

	"Tyanta," she called.

	"Yes," came the reply.
	
	"I have made my decision," she said sadly.

	"What decision?" he asked a little confused.

	"I am sending you to Jurai for two important reasons," 
she raised her had to stop him from speaking, "First, you 
are a noble in our land, and that gives you claim to being 
king in our land.  Second, you are to watch over Lina with 
Ayeka.  She knows you better than any of us and that might 
help her."

	"What about you?" he argued.

	"I will be fine."

	"But you are not familiar with these people or the 
land."

	"I have Kurg and Gelf to help me," she pointed to the 
two big men of oxen in size.  Both were muscular, but one 
was skinny and the other was fat.  They were brothers and 
their hair and eyes were the same color of hazel.

	"I will miss you," he said giving in.

	"I will you too," she sniffed to hold back the tears, 
"Now go.  You leave at once, and God speed."

	He walked away slowly and said, "Goodbye and stay a 
live.  I will be coming back for you.  I promise," he swore 
and turned and ran toward the trees.

	"No you won't," she said as a tear fell down her 
cheek.  "Well girl, you have done it this time.  Now, 
nothing can hold me back from cutting out Demal's heart," 
she pulled back her cyan hair that blew into her face.  "We 
move out," she ordered.
***
	It has been several hours since he has seen Ryoko.  By 
now, the battle has started.  He knew why Ryoko wanted him 
to leave the true and only reason.  She is ill and will 
soon be changing into the bloody monster she has sought 
since her brother's death.  His being there will only stop 
her quest or at least slow it down and she was anxious.  He 
sighed and continued his journey to Jurai.  After all, he 
knew he could not changer her mind.
***
	The smell of blood was in the air.  Ryoko watched as 
the fort was set on fire.  She signaled her small group to 
ram through the flames.  They charged and knocked the 
though the now weak burning wall.  She knocked down a guard 
with a dagger slicing his throat.  As the guard fell she 
saw the noble that killed her brother.  Fury took over she 
felt power soar through every pore in her body.

 	She screamed in rage as she ran toward the noble.  She 
felt joy and more power as she watched the noble show fear 
as he watched her.  A guard stepped in front of her path, 
but she swung her sword, and his head leaped off his 
shoulders.  The kill did not faze her as she ran through 
the headless falling body.  She grabbed the noble and 
smiled.  The noble shook his head in fear and she slit his 
throat with the same dagger he used on her brother.  The 
man fell to his knees grasping his throat.  Blood poured 
through his hands and dripped out of his mouth as he fell 
to the ground dead.  She thought she would feel free from 
her brother's revenge, but instead she wanted more.

	"Ryoko, the fort is clear," said the skinny muscular 
man.

	"Excellent.  Did Gelf's diversion work?" she asked 
breathing heavily.

	"Yeah, like clockwork, but they could still use our 
help," Kurg smiled.

	"Let's go," she ordered and they all ran behind her 
out of the fort.  She could see the armada of men that were 
attacking Gelf's men.  She didn't care if they were 
outnumbered.  This was what she wanted.  Either death or 
freedom from her craving for revenge.
***
	The prince circled the war room impatiently.  His 
father was coming back and he would not like to hear the 
bad news.  His heart raced as he heard the rushing 
footsteps climbing the tower to the room.  The steps grew 
louder after every step.  The door opened and the king 
stepped in.  His face was filled with anger.

	"Have you heard?" the prince gulped.

	"Heard?" the king questioned sarcastically.  "How 
could I not?" he yelled.  "I am trying to build an empire 
in a foreign land and I hear that Lardale fell, and then a 
day later Gripal fell right after it.  There is only one 
stronghold left, and I will make the preparations myself," 
he roared hit his son in the jaw knocking him into the 
wall.  "You are so weak," he hissed and left the room.

	The prince could only rub his jaw and cry on his 
failure.  This was not going very good.  His father has 
never hit him before.
***
	The court of Jurai waited again for the arrival of 
another guest.  The messenger was returning for a while.  
Ayeka stood in front of the court again as the messenger 
descended down the steps.

	"We welcome you to our planet, Yanta," Ayeka greeted 
with a courteous bow.

	"And I am grateful for your hospitality.  If your 
highness would mind, I would like to go to my quarters and 
freshen up.  Here is my note and journal on what is 
happening," he said tiredly handing her a book and folded 
paper.  "If you would excuse me," he bowed.

	"Of course," she smiled.  "We will talk over dinner, 
in one hour.  I do hope that will be enough time."

	"Your kindness is enough, and an hour is most generous 
of you.  I thank you."

	"Show Sir Yanta to his quarters," she ordered and 
watched the servants lead him down a hall.
***
The room was furnished in the finest Jurian wood and gold.  
Silver also painted the room.  He sat on his crimson silk 
bed and sighed.

	"Sir, does the room not please, you?" asked the young 
servant girl.

	"It is fine and very comfortable.  I just have a lot 
on my mind," he said forcing a smile.

	"Very well, your bath is ready," she bowed.

	"Thanks, that will be all.  I would rather bathe 
myself.  I am not used to someone doing it for me and I 
need to be alone.  Come back when it is time for me to 
leave for dinner."

	"As you wish, my lord," the black haired girl bowed 
and exited.  She was young; she could be no more than 
fifteen.

	He lay back on the bed and closed his eyes as his 
thoughts guided him.  He could see Ryoko on the night they 
kissed.  She was so innocent, so beautiful, but he would 
not see her again.  At least, not until the war is over.

	He got ready for his bath and sat in the warm filled 
tub.  He felt his heart melt in it as he missed her.  His 
only crush and love in his life, and he has to stay away 
from her.  He sighed again as he scrubbed his back.
***
	Yanta was half-awake as a knock on the door alerted 
him it is time for dinner.  He sat up and opened the door 
to see the same girl earlier.

	"My lord, if you will follow me," she said and he 
followed suit.  They walked past the huge golden dining 
hall.  
	
He felt confused and asked, "Isn't that the dinning 
hall?"

"Yes it is my lord, but we are going to her majesty's 
quarters for dinner," she said.

"I see," he replied.

They walked down the hall to see two giant golden 
doors in front of them, with the Jurian tree perfectly 
centered within the gold.  The doors opened as they 
approached.  Three figures sat at a round table that had a 
variety of meat, vegetables, breads, deserts, and goblets 
of wine.  He sat down and recognized Lina drinking her 
glass of milk and Empress Ayeka, but the black haired man 
he saw at court, but never really knew him.

"Thanks Maige," Ayeka said.  "I will take it from 
here."

"As her lady wishes," she bowed graciously and left 
the room with the big doors closing behind her.

"I read your note and the last parts of your journal," 
she said as she cut the piece of smoked lamb that rested on 
her plate.  "You have had some times with Ryoko," she 
emphasized the word times trying to put it in away not to 
embarrass her guest.

	"Yes, I have cared for her my entire life.  I want to 
go back, but she insisted.  She is very ill," he sighed.

	"Ill?  What do you mean, ill?" asked the man a little 
tensely. 

	"Tenchi!" snapped Ayeka.  "I am sorry, Yanta. This is 
Tenchi Masaki.  He is also worried about the events on your 
world."

	"No need for apologies.  I did not make myself very 
clear," he chewed the lamb.  It was very delicious.  The 
spices used were obviously the best they had.  He swallowed 
and continued, "She is not sick physically, but up here," 
he said tapping his forehead.  "She is driven to revenge.  
She will not be satisfied until she wins the war and Demal 
is dead, or she dies trying.  I know.  A woman who turns 
down love for war is changing.  She is changing so much 
that she runs from someone's love," he sighed deeply.

	"That can't be.  Ryoko has always wanted love," Tenchi 
argued.

	"That changes my friend," Yanta remarked.

	"Does it?" Tenchi snarled.

	"I don't like the tone in your voice.  I didn't come 
here fight because you think you think you are in love with 
her or her highness, here," he replied in the same tone as 
Tenchi.
	Tenchi sat back down in his chair.  He appeared to be 
stunned by the words.  Ayeka was already standing to end 
the argument, but sat back down right after Tenchi.

	"I show my love for those I love, and I let those who 
come after me know that I am willing to be a friend to 
them.  I don't let them suffer as much as I do waiting to 
know," he finished sitting down in his chair.

	"I am just worried about her," Tenchi muttered.

	"And you should be," Tyanta replied in the same voice 
as Tenchi.

	"What does that mean?" Tenchi asked offensively.

	"It means that Ryoko is going to die in execution or 
in battle," he said raising his voice.

	"How do you know?" Ayeka asked.

	"That is how it usually happens.  One goes for 
vengeance and only death can cure their hunger.  

	"Ryoko is a fighter she will come out of it," Tenchi 
said.

	"Yes, she will, but not the execution.  She will 
survive battles, but you have never seen her fight in 
battle, and I have only heard reports from her followers.  
She leads the pack of wolves in and is the last to go out.  
Most people who do that are asking to die."

	"If they catch her, will it be a quick death?" Ayeka 
asked.

	"No, they will torture her to the point of death, and 
then she will be executed.  She will go through at least 
three days of torture before death.  That is how the Erks 
show their power."

	Ayeka embraced the silence and looked over at Lina.  
The poor child did not need to hear the conversation, but 
as if he knew her thoughts Tyanta spoke.

	"I am sorry you had to hear that, Lina," he said 
sincerely.  "I have something for you that I will give to 
you tomorrow.  Something that you should be very proud of," 
he smiled and looked back at Ayeka, "If you will excuse me, 
I must get some sleep.  This has been an unbelievable day," 
he said and turned to leave.  "Good night," he waved.

	"Good night," Ayeka replied.  She turned to look at 
the speechless Tenchi.  "Are you all right?" she asked 
worriedly.

	"I will be tomorrow," he smiled and got up and walked 
out of the room.  "Good night, Ayeka," he said leaving the 
room.
***
	Ryoko and her force of seven hundred lined up.  On the 
other side a horde of the black Erks stood.  On the far, 
left side, was one with a small circlet of a golden crown 
atop his helmet.

	"It looks like his highness has decided to get rid of 
us himself," said Gelf rubbing his heavy dry lips.

	"Yep," she replied with eyes glowing like spears ready 
to pierce a man's heart.  "How many?" she asked nervously.

	"About eight hundred troupes.  There are six hundred 
archers, and another five hundred cavalrymen.  Three 
hundred of their cavalry have lances, and the rest have 
spears.  I would say it is nineteen hundred to seven.  
Doesn't look good, doll," he said and began to laugh.

	Ryoko began to laugh with him. The big ox always had a 
huge sense of humor, especially during hard times.  "We 
will see if you can back those words up after the battle," 
she smiled and looked back at army in front of them.  She 
was so afraid.  She wrapped her arms around herself to warm 
her chills, but it was no good.

	"Easy, girl," came a reply from Kurg as he placed his 
hand on her shoulder.  "We will all be with you, remember 
that."

	She nodded with a small smile and waited for the king 
to make his first move.  She watched the king raise his 
hand and wave.  Then, she watched a bunch of men with 
wooden poles step up.  "We have to charge and take out the 
archers before they ready their bows.  Shields will do us 
no good against an army of archers like that."

	"Agreed, but if we're going to do it, we better move 
now," Kurg smiled.

	"Aye, we didn't get all dressed up to dance," laughed 
Gelf.

	Ryoko took a few deep breaths and raised her sword 
into a sky. "God, guide my spirit," she prayed.  "Charge," 
she yelled.  

	The jaspers took blazing down the grassy hill. Ryoko 
felt the wind try to pull her down, but she held to the 
reins tightly.  With in a few seconds, her forces were 
taking down the archers.

	Ryoko leaped off her jasper and sliced a man's arm as 
blood spilled to her face leaving the man to bleed and 
scream to his death.  She blocked an archer as he attacked 
with his bow.  She then, jumped back in fright as a blade 
appeared right through his chest.

	"I always got your back," Gelf smiled, and then a look 
of surprise took his face as he fell to his knees, then to 
his stomach.
	"GELF!!" she screamed and broke the arrow by it hind.  
It pierced through his back.  "Get him out of here," she 
ordered two men.  "You will be okay, Gelf."

	"Your damn straight I will be.  I have to dance with 
the devil before I am done," he laughed in pain as the two 
men dragged him away. 

	She looked over and watched as the cavalrymen ran 
their jaspers toward them.  She grabbed one of the long 
stakes they made a week ago.  The one she had must have 
fallen from one of the wagons behind them.  She watched and 
made sure all her men at the front had their stakes ready.

	"Leave them down," she ordered.  The cavalry drew 
closer dirt began to be visible as it left the ground.  
"Not yet," she said.  The men came up the last hill 
straight toward them.  "Not yet," she repeated.  The 
clashing of the many hooves on the earth made the loud 
sound of thunder.  It grew louder as the men on horseback 
drew closer.  They were about ten feet away when Ryoko 
raised her stake into the air, and had most of in buried 
into the earth for support of the jasper's weight.  "Now," 
she yelled, but her men already followed her move, and in a 
second Ryoko felt like her arms were going to shatter as 
the jaspers ran into the stakes.  Blood poured all over 
Ryoko and her men as they tried to hold the weight of the 
animals.  Ryoko rolled back and looked around as the 
unjaspered men came running toward them with their swords 
ready.

	Ryoko blocked a man's blow for her head and shifted 
her hilt into his nose.  The soldier faltered backwards.  
Ryoko brought her sword up with the point facing the 
ground.  She speared her way down the man's chest.  He 
didn't even scream as he fell to the ground dead.  Ryoko 
heaved her sword out of his body and saw a bow and arrow by 
her foot.  She picked it up and looked back at the king.  
He sat on his jasper in pride as his foot soldiers ran to 
aid the cavalrymen.  

	"Cover me," she yelled over the screams of men dying.  
She took aim and in an instant the arrow flew out of her 
hand and toward Demal.  The king grabbed his arm as the 
arrow connected.  This was her chance as she saw the king 
and a few guards leave the battleground.  She whistled as 
loud as she could and a familiar white stallion rode to her 
call.  She leaped on her jasper and charged after the king.

	She swung her blade knocking a soldier's head off as 
he charged her.  Most of the men she fell down for she was 
running so fast.  Ryoko could see the men in front of her.  
The crown glowed in the bright sunlight.  She still charged 
as a man turned raising his arms parallel to the ground.  
She was running so fast, she did not see what it was.  She 
only realized to late as a sharp deathly pain attacked her 
left shoulder.  She looked down to see an arrow and looked 
back as another soldier on horseback turned around and 
charged toward her.  His lance raised, he continued his 
pursuit.  Ryoko raised her sword and accepted his 
challenge.  The two charged and as blade and lance collided 
they flew off their jaspers and fell to the ground

	Ryoko rolled to her feet in pain her vision was blurry 
and she could barely see her opponent.  She crawled toward 
him and pressed her dagger to his throat.  She pulled his 
helmet off in disgust and screamed a yell of victory.  Her 
yell faded as the man in her arms was no other than her 
father.  She faltered backwards in fear.  Her vision was 
almost lost.  She could only picture the gray hair and 
facial features of her father.  She couldn't understand how 
he could be alive.  Her brother said he was dead. She felt 
sick to her stomach and the pain in her shoulder numbed and 
she began to feel cold.  She fell to the ground as darkness 
too over.

	The old man got to his feet and rested his hand on her 
forehead as he spoke, "I am sorry.  I am so sorry child," 
he cried.  He gathered her in his arms as a man rode toward 
them.

	"What happened?" the skinny, muscular man asked.  

	"Get her out of here," answered her father.  "We don't 
have time to talk."

	Kurg gave him a puzzled look and took Ryoko out of his 
arms and rested her on his Jasper.

	"GO!" he yelled again as armed troupes ran up the hill 
toward them.

	Kurg nodded and with a, "Hiyaaa!" he rode away.

	The old man stood there as troupes ran past him.  He 
has done the right thing.  It might not make up for his 
biggest sins, but at least he didn't kill all of his 
children.  Power has corrupted him for too long.
***
	Ayeka stood at the docking bay.  She missed him.  He 
was on his way to see Ryoko.  How could Tenchi do this to 
her?  She loved him and did everything to prove it, but he 
still went after that woman.
	
	"He left after her.  Didn't he?" asked Tyanta from 
behind.

	"How did you know?" she asked a little surprised at 
his knowing.

	"He loves you both, but differently.  Ryoko he desires 
and yearns to be with.  You are the friend he never had," 
he said with a smile that made Ayeka furious.

	"How can you stand there and smile and say something 
like that?" she cried out.

	"Because I thought just like him once.  I thought I 
loved Ryoko, but I don't," he shook his head.  "Ryoko and 
you both are beautiful, but you have a beauty that Ryoko 
hides from people.  You show that you are human," he 
smiled.

	"How do I?" she asked.

	"Ryoko hides her emotions, you share yours," he said 
grabbing her in his arms and kissing her aggressively.

	She pulled away violently and slapped him, "How dare 
you!" she threatened.

	"How dare I," he teased.

	"You should be punished for this insult," she said 
strolling closer to him.  "This is the worst thing I have 
been through," she said as she stood under his chin.  "I 
hate you," she complained and leaped up to his mouth and 
kissed him as aggressively as he was to her.  He was 
attractive, but she was afraid of the nobles if she went 
after him, but now if he is willing to do that to her, than 
the hell with it.

	He pulled away and smiled eagerly as he said, "If you 
will excuse me, I have to give Lina this."  

	Ayeka looked down to see a sword resting at his side.  
The hilt was made out of a beautiful emerald ivory.  It 
held the shape of a cross and some writing rested on the 
top of the blade.

	"A sword?" she asked.

	"Yes, her father's," he replied.  "It holds her 
family's title and words of honor," he pointed at the small 
writing on the blade, "That is what is written here."

	"How honorable!" she said in awe.
***
	Ryoko screamed in pain as the man inspected her arm.  
She felt so sick and cold.  She almost wanted to die.  She 
slowly sat up despite the man trying to push her down.  The 
noise of her men alerted her.  They led someone into her 
tent and the man leaned on his knees.  She tried to focus 
her eyes to see him.

	"Who is this?" she asked weakly.

	"He claims to be Tenchi Masaki, a loyal friend of 
yours," said one of the men.

	"Is it really you?" she asked.

	"It is me," came a vaguely familiar reply.

	She gave a small smile and looked back at the man 
working on her arm.  "Get this damn poisoned arrow out of 
my arm," she ordered.  She instantly forgot about Tenchi 
and looked around.  "How is Gelf?"

	"He isn't looking good.  Kurg is with him now," said 
the man working on her arm.

	"No," she cried and almost fell to the ground 
unconscious.  "Let Tenchi stay with me," she ordered before 
she lost her sight and ability to hear.
***
	Gelf sat by a boulder.  Kurg kept cleaning the dark 
red wound.  Kurg wiped his forehead of sweat as he looked 
up at Gelf's wandering eyes.

	"You're going to live," he said biting his lip in an 
attempt to hold back his sorrow.

	"No," Gelf shook his head.  "This is it, but you have 
to stay with her until the end.  Otherwise, I will come 
back from the dead and kick your bald ass," he laughed.
	
	Kurg couldn't help, but laugh at his brother's humor.  
The two laughed for a short while, but Gelf stopped.  Kurg 
ceased his laugh and looked at his brother.  Gelf's eyes 
were open.  He starred at the night sky.

	"Gelf," he said shaking the huge man, but the man 
didn't react.  "No," he moaned as tears fell down his 
cheeks.  He felt weak in the legs and fell into his 
brother's chest and cried. 

 He cried and didn't even hear the soft footsteps from 
behind him.  He turned hurriedly as someone placed his or 
her hand on his shoulder.  He glanced up to see Ryoko.  She 
was deathly pale and her shoulder was bandaged.  She looked 
down at him.  He wiped his tears away and straightened 
himself up.  He felt ashamed of crying in front of her.

"Don't," she said forcing him to sit.  "We both lost a 
friend, and family.  You two are like brothers to me," she 
said kneeling beside.

"He died laughing," Kurg smiled at the irony.  He 
looked back at her shoulder as fresh blood seeped through 
the bandage.  "You will join him, if you didn't burn the 
wound.  

"Actually, that is why I came.  I wanted you to do it.  
There are only two people I trust, and you are the only one 
with that sort of experience," she said as she closed 
Gelf's eyes.

Kurg watched as she did so.  This would be the last 
time he would see his brother.  They had many great times 
together.  He felt like something was heavy inside of him, 
and the waterfalls came as he cried.  Ryoko pulled him to 
her shoulder and silently cried with him.  They remained 
there for a few minutes.  

"Come let's fix that wound of yours," he sniffed as he 
pulled back.  He stood to his feet and helped her to hers.  
***
	Demal sat in his tent awaiting his faithful servant to 
arrive.  He had a plan, but it required his no excuse for a 
son.  He smiled as Blyte hurried his clumsy way in.

	"I want you to send a messenger to my son.  Tell him 
to arrive here immediately.  I have an excellent way of 
ending this war, my friend," he smiled. 

"What about the spy?  We still don't know who the spy is," 
Blyte remarked nervously.

"Don't worry about it.  I have already prepared for that as 
well," his grin widened.  "She has maneuvered out of all of 
our traps, but now she has no idea and even if she did, she 
couldn't slither her way out of this one," he laughed to 
himself, and patted Blyte roughly on the back.  The servant 
left the tent in a rush.
	This was too good to be true, if only he thought of it 
earlier.  He grabbed is bandaged arm and smiled as pain 
flustered through his arm.  At last the war would end, and 
his empire complete.
***
Ryoko sat against a stake and watched a little afraid as 
Kurg heated a metal pike.  She also felt cold again, but 
fought the need to shiver.
	Kurg stood up and looked at the bright orange colored 
tip.  She flinched as the sizzling sound came closer.

	"Clear the tent," Kurg ordered and starred at the dark 
haired newcomer.  "That also means you."

	"I am not leaving her," Tenchi said looking straight 
at Ryoko's back.

	"Have it your way," Ryoko giggled in pain.  "He was 
not doing it for my benefit, but yours.  People tend to 
scream when that thing touches their flesh," she said and 
sat a little further up.  Kurg sat on his knees and pulled 
a dagger out and sliced the tunic around the wound.  He 
slowly pulled back the cut blue tunic and gently unwrapped 
the bloody bandage.  

	Tenchi watched as Ryoko's breast could clearly be 
seen, but he only remained looking her weary face.  He 
walked up to her and sat on her other side and said to 
Kurg, "Wait."
He pulled Ryoko 's chin, so she could look into his eyes.  
"Don't be afraid, and only look at me not the pike.  
Concentrate on my eyes," he pointed and as soon as he 
realized she was doing as he said, he gave a slight wink 
for Kurg to continue. 

	Kurg laid the sizzling pike on to the wound and 
pressed.  The smell of burning flesh took the air.  Ryoko 
began to scream and turned to look, but Tenchi held her and 
kept her face to his.  Kurg pulled it back and then 
proceeded again.  Tears of pain dropped down Ryoko's 
cheeks.  Tenchi wiped the tears away and kissed her on the 
forehead.  

	Kurg pressed the pike on to her now charring wound, 
and closed his eyes as Ryoko screamed again.  He dropped 
the pike into the pale of water at his feet and said, "That 
is it.  You are done.  Now, we wait and let the sickness 
pass."

	"Sickness?" Tenchi questioned.  

	"Yes, it happens after you close an arrow wound.  She 
is left in the hands of God now.  If she survives the 
illness in three days time, then her chances of survival 
are great," he looked down at his feet and turned to leave.  
"I have some other things to take care of," he sighed. 

	"Kurg, I will help you," Ryoko said weakly.

	"No!  Not this time," he smiled, "You need your rest.  
I will bury my brother, otherwise he might kick my ass as a 
greeting when I die," he opened the tent and left.

	Ryoko glanced up at Tenchi and in a whisper asked, 
"Where is Ayeka?"

	"She remained on Jurai.  When I heard about the danger 
you were in, I came here.  I couldn't bear the thought of 
losing you," he sighed and looked deep into her now cold 
eyes.  He couldn't help but wonder where the innocence and 
beauty in her eyes went to.  Tyanta was right.  Tenchi took 
a deep breath and said, "You aren't at all curious of why I 
came, are you?"

	"Of course I am, but as you saw there was no better 
time to get reacquainted," Ryoko licked her dry lips, "So 
why did you come?"

	"I talked to Tyanta about my relationship with you and 
Ayeka.  He told me about two loves.  One for friendship and 
the other for true love.  I was jealous of his worrying 
about you and acting like no one else cared.  I thought he 
loved you, and it made me jealous, but he didn't love you 
the way I thought.  He loved you like a friend.  The same 
way I feel about Ayeka," Tenchi paused and took another 
deep breath.  "He also told me that if I truly love someone 
than I should say it," he took his last deep breath and 
said, "Ryoko, I...I..love you," he finished.

	Ryoko starred at Tenchi for a long time and slowly 
looked down into the ground as she mumbled, "No, no, no.  
That can't be, not now.  How can I avenge my brother if I 
fall in love?  Don't you see?  If I love, then I will not 
be willing to die.  I would be afraid of how you would feel 
if I die, and that I can't bear to think of."

	"Then, don't," Tenchi said stroking back her cyan 
hair.  "For I don't plan to watch.  I plan to be there at 
your side.  No matter what happens.  Trust me," he said and 
leaned toward her.  He could feel her breath upon his 
cheek, then he could feel her lips touch his.  The feeling 
brought a warmness through his body.  He felt their tongues 
twist and lick.  He slowly pulled back and whispered, 
"Trust me."

	She starred at him, and nodded in agreement, for she 
also felt the heat from the kiss, and almost begged for 
more.  She closed her eyes to savor the moment.  She could 
still feel the harsh pain in her shoulder, but it didn't 
matter.  She slowly opened her eyes and gave a small smile 
as he was kissing her cheek.  She tilted her head back as 
their lips connected and the feeling returned.  She pulled 
back as her tongue slid away from his.

	"Stay with me, for tonight," she pleaded.  She was a 
little afraid that he would refuse her offer, but instead 
he nodded his head and smiled.

	"I will," he pulled her gently away from the stake and 
carefully lay her on the soft animal hide.  He pulled out a 
small jar.  Twisting the lid off, he looked back at her 
beauty.  "You know Grandpa, was aware of your wound from 
Kagato a year ago.  He gave me this, and while you slept I 
would place it on your wound.  Then, you left, but I gave 
Ryo-Ohki the cream before that.  I don't know why, but it 
seemed right at the time.  It helped you once, why not 
again?" he grinned as dipped his fingers into the green 
goop.  He gently dabbed Ryoko's wound with it and watched 
as she began to relax more and more with every touch.  "How 
do you feel?"

	"I can't feel the pain in my shoulder," she said.

	"Good, he whispered and wrapped a new bandage around 
Ryoko.  He paused as he came to her bare pale breast.

	"Here, let me," she giggled to herself and wrapped the 
soft cloth over her naked bosom.  "I assume you can finish 
now," she smiled.

 	"Yeah," he blushed and finished her bandage.  He then 
pulled another hide over them both.  He wrapped his arms 
around her for warmth and made sure to keep his distance 
from the wound.  The two closed their eyes and went to 
sleep.
***
	Ayeka sighed outside the council doors.  She felt 
someone touch her from her side and nibble her ear.  She 
smiled and pulled away.

	"Not now," she giggled.

	"How did it go?" he asked.

	"Probably not like you would want," she replied with a 
wry smile.

	"What is going on?" he said leaning on to the wall.

	"We are going back to your world and end that war.  No 
one knows what is going on, but since Lina is now related 
to the royal family, that makes Ryoko royal blood as well.  
And don't forget Tenchi is there too," she added.

	"Who is this we?" he asked raising his dark eyebrow.

	"You, Washu, a fully equipped Jurai battleship and 
crew, and me," she smiled.  

	"But you can't attack the planet.  It's gravity will 
deactivate all weapons," he reminded.

	"The ship is loaded with Jurai's best foot soldiers, 
and we aren't just going down there and fight.  We are 
going to warn them first, and then fight if we must."

	"Well, when do we leave?" he grinned.

	"Tonight," she returned the grin.

	"What about Lina?" he asked.

	Ayeka gave him a wide grin and shouted down the hall, 
"Sasami!"

	Tyanta turned to see a little pony tailed blue haired 
girl walk toward them.  She was smiling like there was 
nothing wrong in the world.  To her right, she guided 
another girl shorter then her.  The two stepped a foot away 
and Sasami bowed to Tyanta in greeting.

	"Hello, I'm Sasami," she smiled.  "You must be my 
sister's all of a sudden new boyfriend," she giggled as she 
watched his face turn red.  Ayeka also joined in the 
laughter.

	She put her hand over her mouth to stop giggling and 
looked back at him.  "This is my little sister, Sasami.  
She will take care of Lina."

	"Ayeka?" Sasami pouted.

	"Oh, sorry.  Sasami this is Tyanta," she said and 
watched them bow at each other in proper greeting.

	"Hey lover boy and girl.  The ship is ready. Let's get 
outta here," Washu cheered from behind.

	Ayeka sighed in disbelief.  "That is Washu.  She is 
really a genius, but she really enjoys war, violence, and 
sexual interests.  She will worries me."

	"I can see why," he gasped as he noticed the red 
haired girl carrying machine guns to rocket launchers.

	"She also probably cheated physics again and used some 
machine to prepare the ship," said Sasami.

	"Probably," Ayeka said.  "Well, lets go," she said and 
they walked down the corridor to the ship.  

	"If we leave now, we can be there in a week," Tyanta 
commented.

	"Are you kidding?  I can get us there in four to five 
days with ease," Washu gloated.

	"That is what we are afraid of," Ayeka sighed.

	Sasami watched them leave and looked down at Lina with 
a smile, "You have been left in this palace to long.  Why 
don't I show around outside the palace?  Would you like 
that?" she asked.
	Lina smiled and nodded shyly.  Sasami took her hand 
and they walked the opposite direction from where her 
sister and the others went.
***
	Ryoko sat on a hill looking at the land she has been 
defending for the past year and a half.  It has been three 
days since they got rid of the arrow, and she feels so much 
better.  The wind was calm as it blew through her hair. 

	"Ryoko," Tenchi said walking up from behind her.

	"Yes," she said turning around to see him.

	"We've got trouble," he said sternly.

	"Let's go," she said leaping to her feet and they 
walked back to camp.

	Ryoko pushed her way through her yelling and screaming 
men.  She pushed through two more to see an Erk messenger 
in the center.  He looked petrified.  The black hood with 
the golden lion symbol was covered in mud.  She raised her 
arms for silence.  The men ceased their roaring and she 
looked upon the pleading man.

	"What business do you have here?" she asked kneeling 
to look at him.  He appeared to be no more than fourteen, 
he was only a child.  

	He quivered as she placed her hand on his shoulder and 
muttered, "I ha...ve a....messss...agggge for...you," 
giving her a letter.

	Ryoko unfolded the small paper and read the message.  
Her men waited impatiently in silence.  She dropped the 
note and whistled for her jasper.  The radiant white 
stallion ran toward the mob and waited for its master to 
come.  Ryoko pushed her way through all of her men's 
bickering of wanting to know what the note said.  Ryoko 
leaped into her saddle and raised her hands again to 
silence.

	"The message is a challenge to me from the King of 
Erk.  I am to duel with him to decide the victor of this 
war, but I must go now," she yelled over the mob.

	"But Ryoko, alone?" Tenchi questioned.  His eyes were 
of worry and fear for her life.

	"Nope.  You are the only person I can take with me.  
Grab a steed and let's go," she smiled.

	Tenchi climbed up on a brown Jasper with a white spot 
on its nose.  He turned it around and rode toward Ryoko.  

	"I'm ready," he declared.

	"Good, we ride, Hiyaaa!" she yelled and rode down the 
hillside.  Tenchi followed her lead and rode slightly 
behind her with the small letter gripped tightly in his 
hand.
***
	Blyte followed behind his pacing master with great 
urgency.  Demal turned and around and walked the other way.  
Blyte couldn't bear it any longer and spoke, "My king, is 
it wise to let this Tenchi fellow go?" questioned the 
faithful servant.

	"It will have to suffice.  I have spent too long 
playing catch the rebel for her to go free," Demal shook 
his fist in rage.  "She has slowed down my plans for too 
long," he cursed.

	"Yes, but Jurai has requested to take them both home," 
he said ducking in case his master hit him again.

	"We will only give them the boy," he smiled pulling on 
his snow-white beard.  "This Ryoko will be claimed dead, 
but in reality will be executed before they arrive," he 
laughed at the thrilling thought.  "Send a messenger to 
intervene the Jurai vessel and give him a message claiming 
the tragic death of their Ryoko," He said turning around 
and sat in his seat with pride.

	"Yes, my lord," bowed the eager servant and he was 
off.

	"Father!" came a spoiled and annoying sound.

	"What is it now, son?" he said 'son' with a lot of 
annoyance.

	"Why have you summoned me?" he asked tossing his black 
gloves to the floor in frenzy.

	"To duel with the rebel's leader," he smiled as his 
son's dismay.

	"What...how...why?" he asked dumbfounded.  

	"To teach you a lesson," Demal said eagerly waiting 
for his son's next words, but none came.  He leaped off of 
his throne and walked toward his son.  "You aren't afraid 
are you?" he questioned tauntingly.

	"Well...uh...No!" he replied aggressively.

	"Are you sure?  I mean she has fought in so many 
battles," Demal now tasting his son's torment.  

	"But I am a trained fighter, and she only has 
experience," he said with pride and disgust on her part.

	"I see.  Now, the idea of a woman fighting you has 
attacked your pride.  Now, don't be fooled by her charms.  
She might just use them on you," he smiled maliciously.

	"I hate her too much to be infatuated with her," he 
hissed in rage.

	"Good, you fight in about one hour.  You better 
prepare yourself," Demal smiled in delight as the prince 
marched out of his father's tent.
***
  	There was hardly any activity going on at the enemy 
territory.  Enemy soldiers slept noisily on the ground and 
some leaned on the tents.  Dishes and leftover meat still 
hanged over a long burned out fire.  Dishes and bones were 
left to waste on the green grass.

	"And they call us barbarians," Ryoko said in awe at 
the irony.

	She looked back at Tenchi and gave him a concerned 
look.  She had a bad feeling from the beginning.  Her eyes 
were of worry and fear.  This was not something she wanted 
to do, but she was so tired of fighting.  

	"I don't like it," she said nervously.  "It is too 
unguarded and no one seems to be in any hurry for this damn 
thing to end."

	"What do you mean?" Tenchi asked pulling his jasper to 
move in closer.

	"I mean there acting too cool, which means." she 
explained, but was interrupted by her love.

	"It is a trap," he concluded.

	"Exactly, and these actors are over acting," she said 
giving a wry smile toward him.  The smile vanished as fast 
as it appeared and Ryoko looked toward the opposite 
direction of her comrade.  "If it is a trap, don't 
interfere," she ordered trying not to cry as she took a 
deep breath of the air.  She knew this would be her last 
chance of freedom.  "Chances are they will return you to 
the royal family of Jurai, and." she froze not wanting to 
say what she felt.  She knew it was time, but so soon.  She 
had Tenchi by her side and now to lose him again was too 
much as she sadly said, "This is where my task ends and my 
country's begin.  This will be how they gain their 
freedom."

	"You wouldn't," Tenchi exclaimed in disbelief.

	"I would and will.  My country needs a huge event to 
bring them toward freedom.  They have the fight, but soon 
they will have the will," she said with her eyes shifting 
toward the ground.  She couldn't bear to look at him, not 
when he has to hear her plan.

	"You knew it was a trap from the start, and you still 
went," Tenchi said, more to himself.  Ryoko nodded her head 
in acknowledgement, and the two riders glanced toward the 
now busy Erk camp.

	"They are ready let's go," she said coldly as she felt 
the will to continue her mission from day one, to kill 
Demal.  
***
	A half-hour later, armed guards circled the two now 
dismounted riders as they pushed the cyan hair woman to the 
center of the circle.  

	Ryoko felt pain go through her back as someone's fist 
collided to push her onward.  She turned around to see who 
it was in anger, but the shout of another voice made her 
look forward.

	"Greetings," Demal said raising his hand in the air 
for a proper greeting.

	"You are my opponent," Ryoko smiled at the very 
thought.

	"Well, I said you would fight, but not who," he said 
taking pleasure in her puzzled look.

	"What?" Ryoko stood dazed.

	"You will be fighting my son," he motioned behind him 
as a young man in black trousers and tunic stepped up.  He 
only had a golden crest of the Erk royal family upon his 
tunic.  The prince walked triumphantly toward his enemy.  
He stopped only inches away as he looked into her golden 
orbs.  He gave a snarl and walked back toward his side of 
the circle.  

Ryoko only glared at his as she did the same.  She 
walked up to Tenchi and held out her left hand and waited.  
She looked into his eyes as he rested her sword in her 
hands.  His eyes were of sorrow as he watched her turn 
back.  Ryoko only replied by giving him a sad look of 
goodbye.

"Now, you little wench," the prince teased as the 
crowd laughed at his insult.  "Let us see who is better.  
The experienced," he smiled gesturing toward her, "or the 
trained, me," he laughed as a guard placed golden rapier 
into his right hand.

Ryoko heard of a duel, but with two different weapons 
was unheard of.  His sword was speed, and hers was power.  
If he is a talented fencer, then her chances of 
overpowering him are slim.  He would dodge her strike and 
then before she could block he would get her.  Ryoko shook 
off the idea.  

"You are wrong," she shouted.  "This is a match of 
speed, intelligence, and reaction time."

	"I don't think I could be beaten by a woman," he 
uttered in disgust.

	"Then, prepare yourself," she raged and the fight 
began as she swung to take his head, but received a cut to 
her arm as he jumped to the side and sliced.  Ryoko almost 
cursed for her ignorance, for the young man was more 
talented with the rapier than she had anticipated.

The dancing prince raised his rapier up to her nose 
and flashed his sword for her throat, but she parried it 
away.  Ryoko hated the game she had to play, but it was her 
only choice.  She was in no position to play offensive.  He 
could out maneuver her with ease.  Her best chance was 
defense.  She watched and waited for the prince's next 
attack.

The prince pranced forward twirling his blade as if 
too elude her vision.  Like a snake, he arched his blade 
forward for the kill.  Ryoko parried most of his shots, but 
almost lost her head as she fell due to his sword stabbing 
through her leg.  Ryoko jumped as fast as possible backward 
dodging the attacking prince while her free hand gripped 
tightly over the wound in her leg.  

Ryoko seeing an opportunity slid her heavy blade to 
take it his arm, but the dashing prince parried her blade 
to the ground and kicked her in the face with his boot.  
Ryoko did no how or why, but she still was able to stand on 
her feet, and blocked his blows while trying not to grab 
her aching and stinging face.  

Ryoko looked back at the prince and felt outraged at 
his arrogance.  He raised his hands in the air as the crowd 
of his followers yelled for his victory.  She had enough 
and charged toward the celebrating prince.  He turned to 
see her charge and with his rapier stabbed for her chest, 
but Ryoko blocked it only to receive a cut in her chest 
instead.  She felt her warm blood slide down her body, but 
didn't hesitate to strike for the prince again.  The 
prince's face was of fear as her sword overpowered his and 
she blocked every victory strike of his.

"So you are your father's traitor, but you still want 
to fight me," Ryoko spoke in anger.

"Yes, because I do what I must to survive and rule 
this so called empire of his," he hissed in hate.

"You are worse than your father," she replied in a 
similar manner as his.  "You would kill your own men, and 
blood to get what you want," she said with disgust.  "I 
can't believe we followed your messages."

"You did.  And for that, I am very grateful," he 
smiled and swung his rapier for her other arm.

Ryoko blocked as she kicked him in the gut knocking 
him back.  She threw her fist and shook it as blood leaked 
out where she connected. 
The prince wiped the blood from his nose and looked up 
at her in disbelief as he shouted in rage, "You broke my 
nose. That bitch broke my nose."

"There is plenty more where that came from," she 
challenged signaling him with her hand to strike.

The enraged prince ran and screamed like a barbarian.  
He swung his rapier without control.  Fury took over him.  
Ryoko saw her chance and pulled her sword upward catching 
and lifting the rapier into the sky.  She twirled her sword 
with as much speed as she could and watched the rapier fly 
behind her.  The prince's eyes were shaking and tearing in 
fear as he slowly walked backwards.  Ryoko sliced him 
across the chest and the price fell to his back.  Ryoko 
placed her sword to his throat.  She wanted to kill him, so 
bad.  The runt was no different from his father.

"Kill him," shouted Demal.

Ryoko heard those words and turned away and tossed her 
sword to the ground.  She had enough and the look of 
surprise on the king's face was enough to make her proud of 
her decision as she spoke, "I kill no man who is put in a 
duel because of a king who is trying to obliterate both 
opponents."

"Ryoko, NO!!!" Tenchi screamed, but two guards held 
him back.

"Seize her," Demal ordered.

The guards came all around her.  A few punched and 
kicked her to her knees.  Others tied her up.  She never 
resisted the ropes or the punishment they were giving her.  
They tied her arms and legs, and tied another rope to the 
rope on her arms.

Tenchi couldn't believe it.  They were going to drag 
her back to their capitol.  He tried to struggle screaming 
her name as loud as he could, but Ryoko only shook her head 
no.  Tenchi dropped to his knees crying.  He couldn't move 
as he felt so much weight was holding him down.  He rubbed 
his cheeks as they dragged him to a tent.
***
 	"Empress Ayeka!!" called the hurried servant.

	"What is it?" she asked almost demandingly in fear of 
the worst.  She feared Tenchi could be dead.

	"We have just received word.  Ryoko has been captured, 
and is being tortured as we speak.  She will be executed 
within two days," he muttered under his heavy breathing due 
to running to deliver his message.

	"And Tenchi?" she asked uncertainly.

	"He is being held as a guest at their court until we 
arrive.  They refuse to give Ryoko back to us," he said.

	"That is all.  Leave me," she waved and watched the 
servant vanish.  She starred at the now closed door that 
shut behind the leaving servant as she spoke, "You were 
right.  Ryoko is only going to find peace in death, but 
does she have to bear all the pain of their tortures?"

	"She does," Yanta answered walking and turning her to 
face him.  "She knows that by making herself a martyr that 
the clans would join forces and a revolution will begin.  
Then, we will attain our independence."

	"Yes, but at the cost of my family's blood," she spoke 
out.

	"It is not my place to say that for Ryoko made the 
decision.  Not you nor I," he whispered stroking a tear off 
her cheek.  "We will get there as fast as we can, and I 
will make sure this ends with no more casualties," he swore 
and kissed her passionately.  

	Ayeka unwillingly pulled away and walked toward a wall 
and pushed down a small red switch.  Static could be heard 
in the room and Ayeka spoke into the small panel on the 
left of the switch.  "Washu," she said politely.  

	"Yes," came the loud scientist's reply.

	"If you temper with our engines, what is the fastest 
time that we can arrive at our destination?" she asked 
starring back at her lover's dark eyes.

	"If my estimates are correct, we should arrive in..." 
the voice stopped and the sound of keyboards being pushed 
sounded the room.  "two days, maybe less, but not much."

	"I don't care.  Do it," Ayeka ordered.  "And thanks, 
Washu."

	"No problem," she said and continued seriously, "Ryoko 
and Tenchi mean a lot to me too."

	"I know," Ayeka whispered to herself.  "Goodnight," 
she signed off and ran into Tyanta's arms crying.

***
	Ryoko sat in the corner of her cell.  She was badly 
injured for they dragged her back to the city.  Dirt and 
mud cover her skin as well as many cuts and bruises.  Her 
wound that was starting to heal, bled as it was now 
reopened.  She felt tired as tomorrow was the day of her 
execution.  She and Tenchi were not allowed to see each 
other for fear that he might try to help her escape.  

	Ryoko glance quickly toward the gate of her cell at 
the sound of footsteps.  She watched as a shadow appeared.  
The shadow grew larger in size as the sound of the 
footsteps grew closer.  Ryoko's eyes blinked madly as the 
sight of black boots.  Her eyes followed up the skinny legs 
to the slender chest and scrawny arms.  It was the least 
person she expected to see.

	"I am here to give you an offer," he said without 
emotion.

	"What is the prince of Erk propose?" she asked in 
pain.

	He opened her cell door and stepped through.  Watching 
her at his every movement.  He pulled out a small black 
vile.

	"You are my enemy, but a worthy one," he said with 
honor.  "If your friends interfere with the execution I 
will not hesitate to proceed with your death.  But to give 
you less pain, I offer you this vile," he said kneeling to 
her side.  "It is poison.  You will die without pain, and 
the guards will go through with the execution as if you 
were alive.  I am offering a chance of a peaceful death."

	"You are noble, but no different from your father.  
You would do anything to disrespect his glory.  You need to 
learn to play what the people want, not what you or your 
father wants.  Then, you would be different.  That is why I 
can't drink your gift.  To do that I die against everything 
I fought for."

	"Do you?" he asked.  "If so, then take it for our 
duel.  You owe me that much as a warrior.  Do not throw it 
away or drink it if you don't want too, but consider the 
pain that you will endure before you are finally executed."

	"I will," she said wanting him to leave for she almost 
wanted to drink it in front of his eyes.

	"Good," he said handing her the vile.  He stood to his 
feet and locked the cell.  He left her without looking 
back.

	Ryoko sat in her cell pondering on what to do.  She 
was afraid to die.  Afraid that she shivered at the 
thoughts, but either way she was going to die.  And if she 
was, she might as die as a warrior and not a coward.
***
The king sat proud in his chair as he and his guest 
ate dinner.  His guest has not said a word since he 
arrived, but the king didn't care.  Tomorrow was his day of 
glory.  His enemy would be dead and his empire supreme.

"Tell me, Tenchi, is it?" he asked and shook it off 
when the guest did not reply.  "How is it that you a noble 
of Jurai follow a monster like that?"

"How can you hate her?" he asked looking up from his 
plate.  "And I am from Earth not Jurai."

"So why is it that you wanted to have dinner with me?" 
the king asked with an evil grin.

"I came to plead for Ryoko's life.  I am willing to 
give my life away or challenge your laws for her freedom," 
he said as his eyes showed his determination.

"I see, but no," the king replied without regret.  
"You have nothing of value to me, only her death is what I 
want," the king tightened his fist at the thought.  "This 
discussion ends," he said sternly and rose from his seat.  
"Guards take him to his room.  I am going to see the 
prisoner," he ordered.
***
	Ryoko laid the vile on her lips and let it sink into 
her mouth.  The sound of stomping footsteps alerted her, 
and she put the cap on the vile and tucked in the back of 
her torn trousers.  She looked up at the sound of a dreaded 
voice as she felt the poison hold under her tongue..

	"So, you are the one that has caused me so much 
trouble," Demal spoke with annoyance.  He gave an irritated 
look toward her as he stepped to the cell door.  "Tell me, 
how does it feel to know that tomorrow will be your final 
day of torture?" he smiled as he tried to make her angry.

	"I don't care," she mumbled trying to hold the poison 
under her tongue.

	"The galaxy police are patrolling my planet's space.  
They are afraid to enter and report on the war, but they 
don't want anybody from the outside to enter this war, like 
that boy," he said licking his lips tormenting her with his 
dark gaze.  "I am to give them your body, as proof that the 
reckless space pirate is dead," he smiled again as he said, 
"but I am not giving you to them.  Your are going to be my 
momentum to everyone who rebels," he shouted.  "Swear 
loyalty to me, and this will all be over," he taunted.

	"Very well," she spoke unsteadily and climbed to her 
aching feet.  She seductively swayed her hips as she 
gloriously walked elegantly towards him.  Her every 
movement matched the pace of his breath.  She stopped a 
step from him as the cell bars were in between them.  
"I...," she said tenderly and kissed the unsuspecting king.  
Demal felt a strange liquid course down his throat.  He 
grabbed his neck in desperation and with his free hand 
backhanded her into the floor.

	"Youuuuu," he snarled gasping for breath, "poisoned 
me," he shook violently in rage, and ran for his life up 
the stairs.
***

	Tenchi stood up from his bed at the sound of his door 
opening.  He watched as the prince entered.  Hate coursed 
through the man's heart.  His eyes showed that much.
	"What do you want?" Tenchi asked in an exhausted 
voice.

	"My father has been poisoned by your girlfriend.  He 
is slowly dying, and by tomorrow his life will end," the 
prince smiled insanely.

	"You are worse than him," Tenchi scorned.

	"Maybe, but I am not as cruel.  I am allowing you to 
see your woman one last time," he said seriously.

	"What?" Tenchi stood stunned.

	"Go, before I change my mind," he signaled his head 
toward the door and watched as Tenchi ran out and down the 
dark hall.
***
	Ryoko shivered as the cold night wind blew into her 
cell.  She was sick with some kind of cold.  She didn't 
know what, but she also knew that if the execution was not 
tomorrow that she would die the day after.

	She looked up in fear as the sound of running steps 
echoed the dark corridor before her cell.  She closed her 
eyes in fear of the execution being early.  She didn't want 
to die, but she knew she had too.

	"Open the door," yelled an angry man's voice.  The 
sound of the cell opening brought chills through her back, 
and she almost cried in tears as the sound of the footsteps 
came closer.

	"Ryoko," said the now gentle voice.

	She looked up in awe, as the face was the most 
beautiful face she has seen.  She instantly wrapped her 
arms around the neck of the person before as she cried out, 
"Tenchi!"

	"I am here.  It is going to be okay.  I promise," he 
whispered rocking her in his arms.

	"How?" asked her pain filled voice.

	"The king has been poisoned, and the prince runs the 
show.  I think this is his last merciful act toward us," he 
said with worry.

	Ryoko snuggled into his chest feeling the warmth of 
his body.  The pain was gone when he arrived.  She felt 
free, but her fears of tomorrow still haunted her.  She 
clutched his white T-shirt at the thought.  

Tenchi grabbed her hand and brought it to his lips.  
He then stroked back her cyan hair to reveal an ear.  He 
nibbled the tip of her ear playfully and smiled as she 
giggled.  He moved down to above her brow and placed a kiss 
on the tender skin beneath.

"I love you," he said affectionately.   

"And I you," she replied as a tear dropped to his 
shirt.

Tenchi pulled her chin to look at her.  He saw the 
tears and knew why.  He pulled her closer as his own tears 
fell.  He wanted to feel her with him all the time, but now 
he knew.

"Ryoko, I don't want to lose you," he cried.

"You will never lose me.  I will be here," she spoke 
sadly and placed her finger at his heart.  She gave a tiny 
smile at the pleasant thought of being with him.

"Ryoko, I know you are scared because I am also 
scared," he said tucking his head into her soft hair.

"I am scared, but now I am starting not to be," she 
smiled with passion looking at his facial features.  "But 
stay with me as long as you can," she whispered as sleep 
was taking over.

"I will," he swore, "I will."
***
	The crowd of people surrounded the courtyard.  They 
were pushing each other left and right to see the execution 
take place.  Their pleas for death rang through out the 
imperial castle.

	Tenchi was forced to watch from out his room's window.  
He was separated from Ryoko an hour ago, and now the time 
they both dreaded has arrived.  He clenched his fist in 
fury of being so helpless and fell to his knees in 
depression.
***
	"Empress," came the helmsman's voice.  "We have 
trouble.  We have picked up a fleet of Galaxy police ships 
patrolling around the planet.

	"I see.  Open all communication channels," she ordered 
and watched as the woman at the communications control 
nodded for her to speak.  "This is Empress Ayeka of the 
planet Jurai.  We ask for permission to pass.  We are here 
to pick up a member of our court, Tenchi Masaki," she spoke 
sternly and waited for a reply.

	"We have order not to let anyone pass until after the 
peace agreements that will take place after the execution," 
came a familiar woman's reply.

	"Kiyone, is that you?" Ayeka called and looked at 
communications as she ordered, "On screen."  A green haired 
woman was in front of them.  She was determined not to let 
them pass.

	"I am sorry Empress Ayeka, but I cannot comply," she 
said looking away in shame.

	"Mihoshi, if you are there, tell her that Tenchi is 
down there," she pleaded.

	"I am sorry, Ayeka, but I can't.  We have our order," 
came the sound of Mihoshi's voice as she walked behind 
Kiyone.

	"You two, we were once family.  I beg you please," she 
begged sitting on her knees.

	Kiyone's head shot up and a look of worry appeared on 
her face, "I am sorry, Empress, we are losing 
communications and power in our generators is shutting 
down."  She gave an evil grin as their communications shut 
down.

	"Thank you.  Thank you, Kiyone," she whispered and 
nodded for the helmsman to proceed.

	She stood to her feet and walked toward Tyanta.  
Resting her head under his she kissed his covered chest.  
"I hope we make it in time," she whimpered.

	"We will, love.  We will," he said kissing her 
forehead.
***
	The prince watched his father dying in his deathbed.  
Soon, he would be king.  This was too good to be true.  He 
watched his father's servant kneeling over his master.

	"Come Blyte.  He has lost the power of speech.  Let 
him die alone," he spoke in utter hatred.  He turned and 
left the room as the sound of his father's coughing echoed 
the halls.
***
	Ryoko grunted in pain as the vegetables from the crowd 
hit her.  She watched as the sight of her execution came 
closer and closer into view.  She tried to fight back, but 
the guards pushed her up the steps.  She crawled on her 
knees until they hoisted her to her feet and the judge 
walked over to her.  His white robes gave him the look of a 
saint.

	"All you have to do is say our lord's name, and you 
will have a quick death," the judge spoke and waited for a 
reply, but received none.  "Otherwise..." he said as the 
guards tied a rope around her neck.  Two others turned a 
wheel and she was hoisted into the air.

	Ryoko gasped for air.  She felt like her throat was 
going to cave in.  She screamed in pain.  The crowds of 
people stood and roared in a frenzy at the sight of death 
and blood.

	The judge nodded his head and the guard let the rope 
go and she dropped to her stomach.  Ryoko choked as air 
blew through her burning lungs. She coughed in a frenzy.

	"Now, say his name and all of this could be over," he 
said tauntingly.  Ryoko's throat felt like it was on fire 
and she couldn't speak.  She sucked in all of her saliva 
and spit it on the man's robes.  She was almost surprised 
at the bloodstain on his robe.  "Very well," he said sadly.

	The guards heaved her to a mantle that was in the 
shape of a cross.  The tied her ankles and arms to the 
mantel.  She looked like she was in the shape of an 'I'.  
She shook her head violently as they tied another rope 
around her neck.

	"Begin," ordered the judge and the guards turned a 
huge wheel.  Every turn stretched the mantle.  Ryoko 
screamed again as pain soared through her arms, legs, and 
neck.  Ryoko could hear her own bones snap, and squealed 
violently before the noose around her neck made hard for 
her to scream.  The judge held his hand up for silence and 
walked over to her, "Now say it," he pleaded.  Ryoko nodded 
her head no and he stood back in silence.  The guards 
turned the wheel the other way and left her legs tied.  Thy 
untied her arms and placed them on the arms of the cross.  
There they tied them to the mantle.

	A man in an executioner's mask stood over her.  He 
grabbed a dagger and two other instruments that looked like 
hooks.  Using the smaller hook, he cut down her blue tunic 
and ripped it open to reveal her pale breasts into the 
cloudy sky.  The crowd was silent for this was never done 
to a woman before.

	Tenchi watched with disgust and ran down out.  He had 
to stop this.  He ran down the hall pushing through the 
guards.  Climbing down a staircase, he knocked a guard into 
the wall and ran out a door.  He pushed his way through the 
awe shocked mob and turned in a frenzy as some one grabbed 
his shoulder.  He stopped his anger as Kurg stood before 
him with two other men.  Kurg shook his head 'no', and 
Tenchi turned back toward Ryoko.

	The executioner was digging the other hook into the 
center of her stomach as if her was stirring a stew.  He 
stopped as the judge leaned by her lips and waited for her 
words.  The crowd went silent and waited as well.

	Ryoko quivered in pain, and shouted, "NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!"
***
	The king's eyes were of pure fear at the sound of her 
words and death took him as he went limp in his bed.  Blyte 
cried by his dead master's side.
***
	The judge had enough and nodded for the executioner to 
proceed.  He looked sad, and decided no human deserved 
anymore torture.  The masked man grabbed a half moon axe 
and walked toward the bloody Ryoko.

	Ryoko looked over toward the crowd as she saw her 
brother and his wife walking among the crowd.  He looked at 
her and his lips moved as if he was saying, "it was 
finished."  She looked behind them and saw Kurg with 
Tenchi.  They looked bitter.  She looked behind them to see 
Gelf.  His expression was the same as her comrades, but he 
raised his thumb up and smiled as he vanished amongst the 
crowd.

	The executioner raised his axe and dropped it as he 
flew back.  Everyone turned to see a purple haired woman 
with bow in hand walk through.  Armed men surrounded her, 
and she walked through the crowd as if she owned them.  She 
walked up and looked at a young red haired woman beside 
her.  The young woman nodded and ran up to the mantel in a 
hurry.  The woman turned to face the crowd.

	"I am Empress Ayeka of Jurai, and I have come to take 
my people home," she declared looking at everyone with 
anger.  The crowd remained silent and appeared to be 
afraid.

	Tenchi ran up to the mantle and looked at Ryoko.  He 
rubbed the blood that drenched her face off.  

	"How is she Washu?" Tenchi asked.

	"Well, it doesn't look good," she said sadly.  "I 
really hate this planet," she cursed in frustration.

	Tenchi slowly glanced down at Ryoko.  Her eyes were 
starring blankly back.

	"KILL HERRR!" roared the prince.  His rapier pulled 
out.  He pushed through his own people like they were 
sheep.  "She must die for me to be KING!"

	Ayeka raised her arms up to stop her guards and walked 
up to the armed prince.  She rushed to him.  Her face 
filled with anger and with her knee leaped it into his 
groin.  The prince dropped his rapier and grasped his pride 
in pain.  The crowd gave moans of pity at the sight.  Ayeka 
turned away and through her Jurai robe to the ground 
revealing golden Jurai armor.  She raised her leg and 
leaped back with a roundhouse kick that sent the prince 
flying back.  He landed on the ground unconscious.  She 
turned back dusting off her hands.

	"That ends our trade agreements," she said and walked 
up to the deathly pale Ryoko.  "Ryoko," she called 
worriedly.

	"She's asleep for now," Washu said from behind.

	Ayeka watched as Tenchi cradled Ryoko in his arms.  
She looked back as someone graced her shoulder.

	"Come, we must go to the ship," Tyanta claimed.  He 
looked up at the people behind Ayeka and said, "All of us."

	Tenchi looked back at Ryoko and smiled, but was crying 
at the same time as he spoke, "Do you hear that Ryoko?  We 
are going home.  You hang in there.  You hear me.  You hang 
in there," he repeated a little louder, but Ryoko did not 
reply.  "Ryoko!" he called, but still no answer from the 
person in his arms.  "R Y O K O!!!!" he screamed as the 
crowd huddled around him and the limp person in his arms.
***
	Six months later...

	(We have been fighting for our lives for this 
opportunity and with my brother dead, and Tyanta refusing 
the throne I except my duty as our new king.  I had to 
first pay homage to the new Erk's king.  This was my last 
duty under their rule.

Kurg)

	Two armies faced each other.  The Erks on one side and 
the rebels on the other.  Kurg marched his steed forward 
and turned to face the men behind him.

	"We all fought once for what Ryoko did.  Now I ask, 
that we do it again, one last time," he yelled and pulled 
out Ryoko's sword from the sheath at his jasper's side.  He 
raised it into the air in glory.

	The Erks looked on with grins on their faces.  The 
general beside the new king looked at his master with a 
comic grin.

	"Are you ready?  We are about to be kissed on our 
asses by a king," he said and the king looked at him with 
the same grin.

	Kurg marched forward and looking at the sun threw the 
sword into the blue sky.  It flowed into the soil with the 
hilt standing in the sun.  They all charged behind him and 
the Erks looked on in surprise and fear as it all came to 
an end.

	(On March 18, we finally won our independence and 
freedom.  Thanks to the glory and leadership of Ryoko.  
Live forever in our hearts.  You should be ruler of this 
land not I. 

Kurg)
***
	Ayeka stood by her new emperor, Tyanta.  They smiled 
in unison and kissed as graffiti and flowers showered over 
their heads with the wedding bells ringing soundly over the 
empire.  Ayeka finally found her love and happiness as the 
news of the Erks defeat soared through the universe.
***
	Tenchi starred at the stars for a long time.  It was 
beautiful, and he remembered all of his friends at home.  
Sasami and Washu remained on earth with everyone else.  
Kiyone and Mihoshi visited there and where he stayed every 
now and then, but he hasn't seen Ayeka since the execution.  
He then, remembered Ryoko.  Life has been good to him.  He 
was a wealthy merchant in the land that Ryoko fought for, 
and traveled to earth often for trades.  He looked back at 
the white castle behind him and climbed off of his pinto 
jasper.

	"Are you going to stay out here all night?" asked a 
woman from behind.

	He looked back at the black cloaked figure behind him.  
She rode up closer and hopped off her snow-white jasper and 
threw back her hood to reveal the familiar spiky cyan hair 
he knew.  Her eyes were filled with happiness.  The 
vengeful eyes he saw six months ago were gone.  He stood up 
and took her hand in his. 

	A golden glare caught his eye and he looked down at 
the ring that was shining from the moonlight.  He looked up 
at her and she blinked back at his shyly.

	"I am going to stay out here as long as you stay with 
me," he replied and kissed her soft cheek.

	"You know I will, my new husband," she giggled shyly 
looking away.

	He caught her chin with his finger and slowly turned 
her head towards his.  Looking at her eyes he slowly slid 
his lips down her nose until he found her lips and they 
were lost in their own world.  Tenchi pulled off Ryoko's 
cloak as she untied his green tunic.  It flew into the 
wind.  Tenchi slowly pulled the golden cord away as the 
silver robe opened.  He slid it off her shoulders revealing 
her naked skin as it fell down her smooth rear.  The two 
embraced and sank into the grass, as the night was their 
blanket.  
***
	Using her robe as a blanket the exhausted couple 
looked at each other.  Both were rubbing each other's 
sides.  Tenchi smiled at her and she did the same to him.  
He was amazed that all of the scars from the execution were 
gone.  The only scar that remained was the one on her 
shoulder.  Washu was a genius after all, but the scars 
would have never have bothered him in the first place.  He 
loved her too much to care.

"If we have kids, how should we raise them, like us, 
or differently?" he asked smiling at her puzzled 
expression.

	"I think we will have to decide that when they 
arrive," she said rubbing her belly.  

	"We will find out in a few months," he laughed.

	"For we are finally free," she whispered in his ear 
and kissed him again as movement under the robe continued.

	The dawning sun rose over the hills revealing a new 
day as peace finally entered the world one more time, and 
this time for eternity.  

THE END

This is the end of this fan fic.  Please send me you 
comments and questions to washu@saiyan.com.  I have had a lot 
of fun writing this story and hope you have the same as you 
read it.  Thanks again and keep reading for the final 
chapter of Revelations is my next project.





	
