The Day of the Angels- Prologue:  Losing Heaven


Disclaimer: (I know, I know.  But I have to.)  I do
not own any of the Tenchi Muyo! characters, for they
belong to AIC and Pioneer.  I do own the rest, for
they are from a story that I had planned on that was
not based on any animated shows. If this is similar to
someone else's work, then it is coincidence. I have
part of that story that I was working on written, and
that was long before I even heard of Tenchi Muyo! so
it is an honest mistake.  I don't own much money, so I
hope that you don't have it in your heads that you can
sue me. Thankyou

Notes: I know you fans of "The Journal Entries" are
just dying to read the sequel.  I'm sorry to say that
I have ran into a dead end on what I should do
concerning the ending. It may be awhile, but I promise
you that I will have it up.  Right now I just hope
that I can satisfy you with this small tale.  I won't
be giving you the details of this story, but I hope
that you would love it as much as you did "The Journal
Entries" I hope that this is worth your time.

        The crowded sanctuary of the Tsunamic Temple of Jurai
was filled with the people of Jurai to see the wedding
of their crowned prince and princess.  Everyone,
including the formal rival of Princess Ayeka, the
Space Pirate Ryoko.  Even though she wasn't controlled
by Kagato anymore, and wasn't what he had made her to
be, she was still called space pirate.  Even worse, a
monster, demon, or both.  Guilt would wound its way to
the very core of her soul whenever someone gave her a
hateful glance.  She remembered the nightmares of the
things she had done, and how low it had made her, but
when she was near Tenchi, the nightmares and guilt
would go away.  Now that he is marrying Ayeka, Ryoko's
world was darker now than it was in that cave. She
looked up at the alter and saw Tenchi up ahead,
waiting for the ceremony to start.  He scanned the
crowd that had arrived to see this special day, and
she was praying that he wouldn't see her among the
crowd.  She didn't think he would, for she had chosen
the very back of the massive temple.  Then against all
her prayers and wishes, he had spotted her.  After the
initial shock of seeing her here, he had smiled
warmly.  The very breath was knocked out of her at the
sight of his smile.  It was the same gentle smile he
had used on that day...  She blocked the memory of
what happened two weeks before his engagement to
Ayeka.  She looked into those gentle brown eyes, and
didn't know whether to run away, avert the gaze,
scream out all of her sorrow, or to run up to the
alter and into his arms.  She shook those thoughts off
mentally and just forced a smile.  His smile faded
lightly, knowing that it was forced.  He gazed into
those golden orbs, with his brown ones
sympathetically.  She dropped her facade of a smile
and looked down to her feet.  Didn't he know that this
was hard enough on her.
        When she finally looked up, Tenchi was no longer
looking her way.  She sighed in relief, and dismay.
She didn't want him to see her pain, but yet she did
in hope that he would run from his place to gather her
into his arms, and not let the world hurt her anymore.
 But that was just a dream, and plus he loved Ayeka.
The proof of that was the temple, the crowd, and
Tenchi standing up ahead in all his glory.
He looked every bit of a prince in his Jurain wedding
attire.  The attire was the exact replica of the light
hawk armor.  That symbolized strength, and a gold
broach of the Tree Tsunami was attached to the left
side of his robes, and it symbolized power.  She had
to  stop thinking about how he looked today.  It made
the torment rage even more within her soul.  She
looked down at her clothes.  It wasn't the same type
of clothes she had always worn in her days as a space
pirate, or at the Masaki house on Earth.  She wore a
long dress of pale orange silk, with a cream coloured
sheer over dress.  She wore a orange sable cloak, with
gold embroidered trimmings.  The colors had seemed to
compliment with her feline like eyes of gold.  The
cloak hid her body frame unlike her regular clothes,
which had shown off almost every curve of her body.
And her cyan mane was in its usual spikiness.
        Any thought that she had on her mind had ended when a
Jurain wedding medley had sounded throughout the
massive temple.  Everyone looked on as the bride's
maids made their way down the aisle.  Washu, Mihoshi,
and Kiyone had made their way down the aisle.  They
looked like nymphs in the white knee-length dresses
with long sleeves.  Mihoshi and Kiyone had both of
their hair pulled up in a french twist while Washu was
in her adult form, and still maintained the same spiky
hairstyle she always had.  Following the bride's
maids, were the two flower girls, Sasami and Ryo-ohki
in her humanoid form.  They were in white dresses with
puffed sleeves, and with pink flowers embroidered on
the fabric. The two looked like little cherubs, and
Ryoko sent that thought to Ryo-ohki. Seeing the blush
on her friend/pet/ship/sister, she smiled, and for
once, it wasn't forced.
        The previous tune had changed when the bride had
stepped out.  Ayeka looked every bit of a princess as
she appeared in her royal wedding attire.  She wore a
silk Jurain kimono with light blue trimmings.  She had
a crown of cherry blossoms in her hair, and a bouquet
of startika blossoms in her hand.
She held her head up regally, but in her eyes.  In her
eyes you could see the flame of love lit up so bright,
Ryoko was sure people would have been blinded if they
were to gaze into the pink depths.  Ryoko looked over
at Tenchi, who was mesmerized by this vision of
lovliness, who will be his wife after this.  Ryoko
had  imagined that look would be set upon her if she
were to marry the Jurain Earthling prince.  Alas, she
is not, but the princess was.  It had always seemed
that it was the prince and the princess that was to be
married, like in the fairy tales.  But this was not a
fairy tale, but real life.  She watched as Ayeka made
it to the  alter and kneeled alongside Tenchi.
        The music faded away as a old priest appeared.  The
priest was carrying himself like a nobleman, but he
appeared ancient.  The long white hair and beard had
added to the appearance, but the most notable feature
was his pale crystal silver eyes.  Those eyes have the
last twinkle of youth, but they had shown centuries
gone by.  The priest was garbed in the ceremonial
robes of royal weddings.  He spoke in ancient Jurain,
while blessing them with special dust.  He was
speaking of the ancient times when weddings were just
to bind to families together, and how it was to build
an alliance between two empires, then how it became
for love.  He spoke of the rarity of nobles choosing
their own soul mates, and the rarity of it being a
love match.  He chanted a prayer of a eternal
happiness for the couple, and then bade them to rise.
He spoke the modern tongue when he spoke of the crowd
that had gathered to witness this event, and how they
would be able to verify that this couple was married
in the eyes of all Jurai, and in the name of Tsunami.
He brought their hands together until their fingers
were intertwined, and he bound their wrists with a
white cloth, symbolizing that this is a ceremony to
bond their lives as well as their souls together.  He
spoke again in the ancient tongue, and told the
symbolism of this act.  They said their vows, that
were from the heart, and the pledges to Tsunami and
each other that they would love, honor, and cherish
each other, and serve each other faithfully as they
would Tsunami.  The priest chanted another prayer that
the two would follow and honor the vows as they would
each other for many years to come.  Tenchi and Ayeka
looked into each other's eyes as they had gave their
consent to honor the vows as they would each other.
The look between them was pure and true love.
        Ryoko had to admit that this was the most beautiful
and romantic weddings she had seen, actually it was
the only beautiful one she had been able to see.  The
last wedding she remembered, was near the end when she
had arrived.  She was fascinated when she saw the
lovely bride with lavender eyes, snow white skin, and
ink black hair.  She remembered the bride’s name.  She
had met the woman while she was touring the city of
the planet Kagato planned to destroy.  The woman had
shown her around, and when they ate lunch together,
she told Ryoko her name.  Sophia.  Ryoko had heard
stories about her life, and about her wedding the next
day.  She had invited Ryoko, and Ryoko had to decline
of course.  While she reported in to Kagato that day,
he had told her he knew of the invitation, due to his
ability to read her memories, and he decided to give
the cathedral a dramatic entrance.  Ryoko protested of
course, but Kagato had smacked her so hard, that she
was knocked cold.  The next day she was ordered to go
to the wedding and to destroy everything, and
everyone.  She had reluctantly entered as the bride
and groom were saying their vows.  Ryoko marveled at
the decorations, and the well dressed people.  She was
in awe at the gown Sofia was wearing.  It was a white
dress with a strapless bodice, and the skirt was of
many layers of chiffon and a silk under dress.  Her
black hair was braided and wound about her head, and
looked like it was part of the silver tiara she had on
top of her head.  Ryoko saw Sophia look over towards
her and smiled at her arrival.  Ryoko smiled back
until she felt that ripping sensation in her mind.
Kagato was not pleased with her reluctance, and had
meant for her to carry out his will, and she shall as
he commanded.  Kagato had took control of her, and she
suddenly went on a murdering spree.  She remembered
the screams, and smells.  She killed the people who
had welcomed her into their town, and she remembered
their looks that mirrored their feelings of betrayal.
She had killed the the blue eyed man who Sophia was to
marry.  The last person left was Sophia.  Ryoko
remembered exactly the look of fright in Sophia's
eyes.  Ryoko had fought to get out of Kagato's
control, when she had for a brief second, she told
Sophia to run before she was in his control again.
Sophia looked at her, puzzled, but understood and ran.
 Amazingly, she ran very fast despite the heavy dress
she was wearing.  Ryoko had watched her run out of
sight until Kagato had brought her back into control.
Kagato had her to blow up the cathedral and allowed
her control.  Ryoko looked around in terror at all the
bodies that were burned in the flames.  She looked
down at her feet and saw a silver ring that Sophia's
husband to be was about to place on her hand.  She
picked it up and took it with her, hoping to herself
that Sophia had escaped the explosion, and hoped that
she would find a way to leave the planet before Kagato
destroyed it.  She went back to the Souja, and watched
as Kagato had destroyed the planet.     Ryoko remembered
the punishment and the pain from it.  She still had
nightmares on what he did to her.  He had told her
after he had injured her to not feel anything for the
scum of the universe.  She remembered his lecture.
"You were created to destroy, and to be ruthless.  I
did not create you to have feelings for anyone who
will not sink as low as to have feelings for a waste
product like you.  I hope from your punishment, that
you had learned your lesson by now."
        "You were created to destroy, and obey me in
everything I wish.  You will not resist, or try to
rebel for that would only make it much worse for you.
You disobey me, and try to resist again, I will teach
you a lesson in the most painful way possible."
        Ryoko felt sick to the stomach.  But she had felt
that way ever since Tenchi's announcement about his
engagement to Ayeka.  She thought it was probably
something else causing it though, she concluded that
it was probably the wallowing in self pity. She didn't
want to dwell on it any further as she watched the
ceremony.  She watched as the priest looked out to
everyone, and asking them that if they had any reason,
that the couple shouldn't go any further to end the
ceremony, that they should speak up, or they shall
conclude it.  Ryoko wanted to scream out every reason
why they shouldn't, she wanted to scream out that they
shouldn't continue because she loved Tenchi with all
her heart.  She even wanted to declare every feeling
she had, and a certain reason.  But she kept silent.
The priest had pronounced them husband and wife, and
gave them consent to kiss to seal the vows they have
spoken.  Ryoko didn't know whether to run away, turn
her head, or to cry out in pain her heart caused as
last remains of her heart shattered, but she clutched
onto her cloak tightly, and watched them as they
kissed.  She swallowed the sob that was about to rise
to her throat.  She didn't want to cry, because it
would ruin this for Tenchi. So she just smiled
woefully and stated "Just smile, and try to be happy
for them both." as she donned her façade of a smile,
she thought she had heard the remains of her heart
shatter.

        She had just entered the grand hall of the Jurai
Royal Palace for the banquet.  She had stayed behind
trying to keep her feelings in check, before she faced
the newly weds.  She had waited while avoiding the
guests, for surely they would say something cruel
about her and what she had done in the past,  and she
wouldn't be able to keep her emotions in check.  She
cursed Washu and Zero.  Zero for bringing out her true
emotions, and Washu for assimilating them, even if she
gave her consent.  But she never was this easy to get
brought down.  She is glad to be leaving after this,
her nerves are on the edge.  The crowd of people were
gone to feast while the newly wedded couple were now
alone.  Ryoko made her way towards them.  They saw her
and greeted her warmly.
"Ryoko, we are so glad that you have decided to join
us." Tenchi stated while giving her a warm hug.
Please don't torture me like this, Tenchi, Ryoko
thought to herself, for it was torture with him being
this close to her.
"Miss Ryoko..." Ayeka began, but was cut off
"Ayeka, just call me Ryoko.  I never did too well with
the formalities." Ryoko held out her arms to receive
Ayeka's hug.  At least Tenchi had let go, Ryoko
thought.  They talked for awhile, and Ryoko was amazed
that they hadn't noticed how hollow she seemed.  Her
smiles were false, but they were convincing, and she
talked woodenly, but tried to keep conversation about
the wedding so they wouldn't notice it.
"Ryoko, how long do you plan on staying with us before
we leave for Earth?" Ayeka asked.  Ryoko sighed, then
smiled wanly.
"I'm afraid that I will be leaving today."  Tenchi was
puzzled.
"Ryoko, you don't have to leave for now, you can stay
the night if you want."
"Tenchi is right, Ryoko.  You may stay a night or two.
 I won't allow anyone to say anything against it, if
that is why you want to leave now." Ayeka said laying
a hand on the former pirate's shoulder.  Ryoko thought
it felt strange that now after all this time, they are
now friends.  She smiled wanly
"I'm not going to Earth."  she stated.  Ayeka and
Tenchi realized now that she didn't intend to stick
around any longer.  Of course they can't blame her.
She could have left a long time ago, but she wouldn't
leave without the gems.  But what mainly kept her from
leaving was her love for Tenchi, and now Ayeka had won
his heart, and so Ryoko had won her reason.  Tenchi
looked down sadly.  Ayeka spoke up
"Where are you going?"   Ryoko looked up at ceiling,
where a skylight was, and up at the stars.
"I don't know, I just need to leave.  I finally admit
that you two were meant for each other, and that this
was more a beautiful wedding than the one Tenchi and I
would had have.  And I'm glad that he's happy." Ryoko
shot a glance towards Tenchi, then continued "But I
can't stand around and watch you two as a married
couple, and I don't think you would want me darkening
your doorstep with the gloomy mood I'm in right now."
Ayeka was about to say something but Ryoko held up her
hand, thus cutting her off.
"Don't say anything about not going to feel burdened.
Face it, when someone is down in the dumps, so is
everyone else.  I don't want to ruin everyone's
happiness with my gloominess."   Everyone was silent
for one long minute.  Ayeka had spoke up
"Ryoko, you don't have to leave today, just wait until
tomorrow."  Ryoko bit her lip and shook her head,
trying not to give her consent.
"Please, Ryoko, stay for the night." Tenchi pleaded.
Ryoko smiled mentally at the irony.  She didn't want
to think about 4 months ago, a week before his
engagement to Ayeka, and what had happened that had
involved the "Please stay for the night."  she blocked
the memory out of her mind, for it might break the
last remaining piece of her heart.  She closed her
eyes and shook her head slowly.
"Besides, I have to for I can't stand seeing the man I
love being with the one he loves.  I know I said I'm
happy for you, and I truly am, but it would hurt.  The
only thing I can do is get away for awhile."  Seeing
the question she knew that was coming up she smiled
"Yes, I do plan to visit.  I'm not leaving this family
completely.  What kind of woman do you take me for?"
She put on her most convincing false smiles, and it
was convincing for the couple laughed.  She smiled the
second true smile she had that day.

        Ryoko sat sulking at a table.  Those two had somehow
gotten her to stay at least until the end of the
banquet.  She watched Tenchi and Ayeka grace dance
floor as they began the first dance.  And it hurt
worse than any form of torture Kagato could come up
with.  She smiled a little whenever she saw one of the
Masaki family members wave at her, and sometimes finds
the strength and courage to wave back.  She sat there
watching everyone dance, soon she saw Katsuhito walk
towards her.  The old priest loomed over her while she
sat and looked up at the man who had she had once lost
to in battle, and was imprisoned in the cave by.  She
used to vow that she would kill the prince for doing
that to her, then she would realize the reason, and be
glad that he had let Tenchi free her.  Katsuhito
smiled his warm grandfather smile, "Excuse me, Ryoko,
but does a young lady mind if I sit here?"  she smiled
and shook her head.  The old man had pulled himself
out a seat and sat down in it.  It was a long silence,
until he spoke "I know you are suffering a great deal,
Ryoko.  You had always took on the suffering that
Kagato had caused, you had suffered by my hands when I
had imprisoned you, you had managed to keep your heart
well guarded when Ayeka made those jabs at you, and
whenever Tenchi had pushed you away, you hadn't let
your pain show.  Now you are enduring the pain of
seeing my grandson and Ayeka together as a husband and
wife.  I had great respect for you for many years."
        "Now I consider it an honor to sit with who is truly
the strongest woman in the universe.  The former Space
Pirate Ryoko Hakubi."  He stood up and bowed to her,
and Ryoko smiled.
"Thank you, Yosho."  She used his real name, and
expected a small scowl, but he still had that warm
smile.
"I was hoping that maybe a young lady would honor me
with a dance, then I am living it up."  he offered his
hand.  Ryoko stared at it for a moment, then accepted
his hand.  Katsuhito led her out to the dance floor.
She had always felt that he had a small place for her
in his heart, but it was just a place, a small place.
He had a place for many people, so she was no
different, but she felt special, for it was a
different place such as the rest of the family's.
Even so for Tenchi, she thought.  He has a place in
his heart for all the girls, yet a bigger place for
Ayeka.  This celebration was the proof of that.  She
looked around briefly and noticed that everyone was
dancing and watching the former Prince Yosho dance
with the Space Pirate Ryoko.  They saw that she had
meant no harm for the moment and relished in viewing
the scene.  The young woman and the old man looked as
if they were a grandfather with his granddaughter, and
having a good time.  Some people who had no doubts
that she is a completely different person smiled.
Those who did, just sneered, or watched in amusement.
The last part of the waltz played and the dancing came
to a cresendo.  Then it finally stopped.  Katsuhito
lead Ryoko back to her table, and left to speak to his
mother.  Ryoko sat down and sighed.  She had to leave
before someone else decided to tell her how well she's
taking this.  And if they manage to move her with
another speech like Katsuhito, then she really had to
leave, they would have her to stay with such kindness.
She stood up and saw Washu come her way
{Sit down, you are not leaving without telling your
mommy goodbye, Little Ryoko.} Washu had sent through
her link.  Ryoko sighed and sat down and drummed the
table with her fingers and with her head propped on
her left arm.  She hoped that Washu would make this
quick.  She stared at Washu for a minute waiting for
her to say something.
"Well?" she finally asked.  Washu smiled.
"Well what?" Washu replied, and this irritated the
hell out of Ryoko
"Well, what do you want?  I have to leave now before
everyone tries to talk me into staying.  And quite
frankly it won't take much.  So get on with it!" she
growled.
Washu stared at her strangely and then laughed.  Ryoko
just shot her a glare.  This was going to take
forever.
"Look, I don't have all day. Either get serious and
tell me what you have to say or I will just get up and
leave you looking like a lunatic!." she finally said.
Washu finally stopped laughing and finally spoke.
"I just wanted to talk to my daughter before she
leaves. And this is going to involve picking on her a
little.  But my daughter wants to be a stick in the
mud so I have to be serious.  Well, Ryoko, this is as
serious as I'm going to get.  I just wanted you to
know that even if you don't want me to, or let me, I
love you as my daughter.  I could only hope that you
would realize that and love me as a mother. And maybe
everything would be right with us."
        "Maybe someday you may come to understand that I
wanted to be there for you during those times with
Kagato. Maybe you will understand that I had tried.
Maybe you will understand that I do love you with
every being in my soul, and more than life itself.
And maybe you will love me just as much." Washu looked
down and let her tears slide down her cheeks.  She
looked up as she felt a hand on her face drying those
tears, and she met the golden feline orbs of her
daughter's eyes.
"Maybe I already have, Mom."  she said it with a
finality, yet with a tenderness and with no sarcasm.
This brought tears from the genius' green eyes.  The
mother and daughter were in a embrace that no one
could get between.  after 5 minutes, they finally
released each other. Washu smiled warmly and stood up.
She was still in her adult form, something she saved
for this occasion.  She did it more for Ryoko than for
the wedding.  She knew Ryoko would come today, and she
wanted to show Ryoko that in any size or form, that
she would always love her.  Washu finally left so that
Ryoko could make her 'great escape'.
        Of course that never happened.  Mihoshi, Sasami, and
Nobiyuki had to come up to her and said endearing
words and praises on how well she's taking this.  When
they had finally left, she fled.  She started walking
briskly, and then ran into something.  She looked up
to see what wall she ran into.  She gazed up into a
face, and saw that it was, indeed, no wall.  The
stranger and she both gasped as they saw each other
for the first time in 700 years.  She had ran into a
descendant of the royal line of Fuerza,  the Lord
Zarin Dimos.

Notes: Well now that’s finished, I’ll be working on
the first chapter.  Finding Heaven.  I understand that
many questions haven’t been answered, but I hope that
I can get to answering them soon.  How was it so far?
Good? Bad?  You tell me.  C&C would be greatly
appreciated. Email me at julieanne14_98@hotmail.com or
at jewelbarron@netscape.net