The Day of the Bounty Hunters

  None of the Tenchi Muyo characters belong to me. They belong to Pioneer. I 
just own Maxim and any other new characters mentioned.

    It is morning in the Masaki residence...

    Maxim is in bed, reading porn magazines.
    
    Maxim: I found Noboyuki's stash of AniNude magazines. 

    A yellow light envelopes Maxim's feet...

     Maxim: Huh? What the?
      
     Light reaches his knees...

     Maxim: I can't move!!! What's happening?
    
      Light reaches his torso...

      Maxim: This ain't funny.
   
       Light reaches his chest. 

      Maxim: Help!!!

      Light reaches his neck...

      Maxim: Help! Help! Hel....

       Maxim is teleported to a dark place with many lights. But he is only 
dressed in a pair of boxers! A giant face appears before him. It's Washuu, but 
she was the size of a small tower!

       Maxim: WASHUU!! You shrunk me didn't you?
     Washuu: Only to study you better my dear.
       Maxim: At least nobody else sees...

       Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko, Mihoshi, and Kiyone enter the lab...

        Maxim: Oh crap!
        Tenchi: Washuu, are you doing something to Maxim?
        Maxim: This is great!
        Ayeka: Washuu, why is he the size of a pencil?
        
    Washuu: I wanted to run some tests on him.
      Ryoko: So you shrunk him?
    Washuu: It's so I can control him easier. He is a very powerful person to 
handle.
      Ryoko: Oh I see.(Pokes Maxim)
     Maxim: Stop it! 
     Ryoko: Shut-up!(Pokes Maxim in belly)
     Maxim: Hm! Hm!(Doughboy laugh)
    
    Silence.... 
   
     Maxim: You didn't hear that!
     Ayeka: You're much more cuter at this size than you are at your regular 
size.(Pokes                  Maxim)
     Maxim: What is this? Poke Maxim day?
     
    Mihoshi, who is not aware to the current situation, sees Maxim.

    Mihoshi: AAAA!!! A Spider!(Grabs a book)
    Kiyone: No Mihoshi that's Maxim.
    Mihoshi: Oh! Okay.
    Maxim: Can you just start the test so I can be turned back to normal?
  Washuu: Okay.

    Hours later....

     Maxim: Good, back to normal.
     Ryoko: Oh! the tests are done?
     Maxim: Yep!(Pokes Ryoko)
     Ryoko: Cut it out!

    Meanwhile......

    2000 miles from Earth, three ships are converging on Earth.

    Voice: We were finally freed from our frozen state to hunt down Maxim.
  Voice2: That's what Galaxy Police hired us for. We were frozen along with 
Maxim so
               in case he got out, we'd nail him!
  Voice3: We attack at dawn.

    That night....Maxim had a dream.

     Judge: I sentence you Maxim, for your crimes, to be frozen and sent into 
space for an eternity, an eternity of silence like those who you killed. 
    Maxim: Go to Hell!
    
    Judge: To ensure you don't get out, we're freezing 3 bounty hunters along 
with you. They will be awaken if you ever get out.
    Maxim: You know they'd never beat me!
    Judge: We shall see Mr. Maxim.
    
    Maxim wakes up....

     Maxim: My god, I forgot about them.
    
     Maxim runs into Tenchi's room.

     Maxim: TENCHI!!!!!
     Tenchi:(Half-asleep) No Ryoko I'm sleeping. 
     Maxim: Wake-up!
     Tenchi: Okay Ryoko if you want me to touch your breasts, then I will.
     Maxim: He's dreaming.
     
     Tenchi grabs Maxim's chest and squeezes...

     Maxim:....... WAKE-UP!!!!!!!!!
     Tenchi: AHHH!!!!!! 
     
     Tenchi sees his hand is on Maxim's chest...
  
     Tenchi: Was I dreaming?
     Maxim: Yes, about Ryoko!
     Tenchi: What do you want?
     Maxim: When I was frozen in the Chryopod, three bounty hunters were frozen 
with me. They were going to be automatically released if I ever got out. They're 
coming for me. They are the unkind type of Bounty Hunters. They kill all who are 
associated with the target. 
     Tenchi: Meaning?
     Maxim: Meaning they'll kill you and everyone else to get to me!
     Tenchi: Oh my god.....
     Maxim: Wake-up Ayeka and Ryoko.

    Voice: Well, let's get started.... we must be quick. He is the best Bounty 
Hunter ever.
  Voice2: Fear him all you want. But I'm going to kill Maxim.

    The three ships start to go towards Earth.

      Ryoko: What's the reason for waking me up?
      Ayeka: What's the matter Tenchi?
      Tenchi: When Maxim was frozen, so were three deadly Bounty Hunters, when 
Maxim 
       
      is released, they'll come and kill him, along with those who are with him.
      Ayeka: See what you did Ryoko?
      Ryoko: What?
      Ayeka: You had to press that button and get us into trouble, didn't you?
      Maxim: Shut-up, both of you.

      Maxim is wearing heavy battle gear. A huge metal suit, which resembled 
Medival Armor mixed with Samuari armor. Spikes were all over the shoulder pads.

      Maxim: I may not need this. I'm going to try to avoid fighting.
      Ryoko: They're here to kill us, you'll need it!
      Maxim: I'm trying to redeem myself, remember?
      Ryoko: No, you've just grown soft!
      Maxim:....... No I haven't.

    A sound of a ship landing is heard. Maxim runs outside. Kiyone and Mihoshi, 
who were staying over, follow Maxim. Tenchi and the others stay behind, mainly 
to get dressed!

      Voice: Maxim, turn yourself over to us, or we'll kill you and everyone 
else in that house. But since you're Maxim, want to fight it out with us?
      Maxim: Who are you?
 
     Three men step out....

   Man1: I'm Azakara.
   Man2: I'm Ruosuo.
   Man3: I'm Kamizuon. We're here to kill you.
 Maxim: Sorry, but I won't fight you. I'm trying to redeem myself. I'm not a 
killer anymore. 
  
   All three men laugh....

     Ruosuo: That's a joke, right?
    Azakara: You're Maxim, the biggest badass since Kain. 
  Kamizuon: Looks like we'll have to force him into it. 
    Azakara: Fight, or we'll shoot this young woman.(Points gun at Kiyone)
      Kiyone: I'm a Galaxy Police officer. Bounty Hunters aren't wanted in this 
area.
    Azakara: We're no longer with Galaxy Police. Crimebosses will pay more for 
Maxim's 
                   head.
      Maxim: Kiyone... RUN!
  
    But it's too late, Azakara fires at Kiyone. The blast hits her side, she 
falls down unconscious.

     

    Maxim: KIYONE!!!!!!(Eyes turn Blood Red)
  RuoSuo: Oh Shit!!
    Maxim:  YOU BASTARDS!!!!! 


    Maxim rushes Azakara. grabs him by the neck and snaps it in 5 places. 

    Azakara: Glarrrrrr.....
 Kamizuon: Azakara!!!
      Maxim: Rest in hell.

   Kamizuon starts blasting Maxim with lasers. By this time Tenchi has run out 
with his Tenchi-ken. Ryoko is right behind. Ayeka is attending to the wounded 
Kiyone.

    Tenchi: You (Points to RuoSuo) You're MINE!!!

     Maxim is just walking towards Kamizuon.

     Kamizuon: You ain't human!!!
          Maxim: You're going to pay for hurting Kiyone.
     Kamizuon: But she's Galaxy Police scum, the people who imprisioned you.
          Maxim: Do you hear that? It's the sound of the Reaper coming to claim 
your soul.
     Kaimzuon: Die!! (Rushes Maxim)

     Maxim grabs Kamizuon by the arm, whips him around, breaking Kamizuon's arm, 
then using a full forced blast, blows-up Kamizuon's gun.

     Kamizuon: You're not getting me today.

      Kamizuon uses his jetpack to fly into the air. 

      Maxim: You can't run from me!(Flies off towards Kamizuon)

      Maxim reaches the Bounty Hunter. Rips of the jetpack, and the grabs 
Kamizuon by 
       the shirt and looks him right in the eye.

       Maxim: I told the judge you'd never beat me. But he wouldn't listen. 
  Kamizuon: You go to Hell!! (Spits in Maxim's face)
       Maxim: Can you fly?? FLY!!!! (drops Kamizuon)
    
    Kamizuon falls screaming towards Earth. 

    Ryoko: He hasn't grown soft at all.

   As for Tenchi, he has already beaten RuoSuo, Tenchi has him on his knees... 

    Tenchi: Now you leave this place and don't you ever catch you again on this 
Earth.
    
    Maxim lands on the ground, he walks over to Kiyone....

     Maxim: Is she going to be okay?
     Ayeka: Well, yes... the blast missed all vital organs.
     Maxim: Wake-up Kiyone. Wake-up....

     Kiyone's eyes open....

     Kiyone: What happened?
     Maxim: You were injured. But I made the bastard who did it pay, with his 
life.
     Kiyone: You killed him?
     Maxim: He wanted to goat me into fighting. God! I should've just helped 
you, but 
           something inside me just burst. I couldn't control myself.
     Kiyone: Thank you Maxim. 
     Maxim: I just hate it when people get hurt over me. 
     RuoSuo: I'll be leaving now.
     Maxim: You wait right there. 
     RuoSuo: What?
     Maxim: If I ever meet you again, you'll look more worse than your 2 friends 
over
                 there.
     RuoSuo: When I come back, I'll have Nagi on my side!
     Maxim: Nagi?
     Ryoko: The New best bounty hunter around.
     Maxim: Hope I never have to see her. I'm through killing!
     Ryoko: (Looks at both dead bodies) I'm really glad you are.

     RuoSuo runs off like the coward he is.

     Tenchi: Thank you Maxim for saving the day.
     Maxim: I wish I was happy for doing what I did. Chalk-up another two onto 
the 
        Maxim list of murder.
     Ryoko: You are really serious about not trying to kill people aren't you?
     Maxim: From this day forth, I'll never use my powers to kill others, unless 
they pose 
         a threat to Tenchi and friends. 
     Ayeka: That's good to hear Maxim.
     Maxim: I'm not saying I won't use them to beat the shit out someone. But I 
just won't 
            kill them.
     Tenchi: Come on inside, I'll cook up some of the leftover steak. How about 
it?
     Maxim: You read my mind Tenchi.

     

    TODAY MAXIM PROVED HOW DEADLY OF A KILLER HE COULD BE, AND THAT HE REALLY 
MEANS TO TRY TO REDEEM HIMSELF 
FOR HIS CRIMES. ALSO HE SHOWED REAL FEELINGS FOR KIYONE WHEN SHE WAS INJURED. 
COULD THIS MEAN SOMETHING? WILL
MAXIM AND NAGI EVER CLASH SWORDS? WILL WE FIND OUT WHY 
WASHUU WANTED TO RUN TESTS ON MAXIM? WILL MAXIM EVER
REACH HIS GOAL OF A PEACEFUL LIFE? WE'LL HAVE TO FIND OUT.
 
     
     
 

