Legal Disclaimer:

I do not own all of these characters.  Yes, the respective authors own Tenchi,
Washu, Ayeka, Ryoko, etc., but this story is mine, as are the Dayalex.  So, if
you are a lawyer, leave me alone, because I am not selling this for any money.
If you are a fanfic author, don't steal my storyline or my characters.
Failure to follow this procedure will result in your spontaneous combustion.
Thank you very much, and have a nice day.

.-,--.              .            ,-,-,-.                               ,-_/
' |   \ ,-. . . ,-. |  ,-. . ,   `,| | |   . . . . ,-.                 '  |
, |   / ,-| | | ,-| |  |-'  X      | ; | . | | | | | |         Chapter .- |
`-^--'  `-^ `-| `-^ `' `-' ' `     '   `-' `-' `-| `-'                 `--'
             /|                                 /|
            `-'                                `-'        No need for Washu

Somewhere out in deep space...

A spaceship, forgotten by time, floated in space.

Aboard the spaceship, sat an Orc.  At least that is what you or I would think
he was if you glanced at him.  You wouldn't even think that this... creature
.... was actually a member of an ancient race.  There were many more of this
creature creature of similar calibre on this ship, but none were quite like
this one.  For this one happened to be the Captain of the ship, and for all
intents and purposes, their leader, since this ship housed the only remaining
population of this race left in existence.

No one knew the Captain's real name, he refereed to himself as Captain Tol, so
that is what everyone else on this ship called him.  At this particular
moment, Captain Tol was in his quarters.  There was something ... organic
about his quarters, indeed most of the ship ship.  The hallways and passages
were an exception, since this was a stolen ship from a race that favored
technology over their own world, which was probably the reason why the
race no longer exists today.  The race now inhabiting this ship was used to
a jungle climate, and ever since their world was destroyed at the fall of
their empire, the organic quarters reminded them of their home.

As the Captain sat in deep thought, a light flickered on one of the panels
on the wall.  Silently, he pressed a button on the armrest of his chair.

A vid widow appeared.  Another one of these creatures of lower ranking
appeared in the window and spoke.  You or I couldn't understand what they
were saying, but for clarity's sake, I will translate the conversation.

"Second class ensign Khan reporting sir!"

The captain responded, in a deep voice that might sound to you like a
crocodile trying to talk.  It usually had a touch of malice to it, but there
was nothing that was giving him dissatisfaction at the moment..  "Go ahead."

"We are currently in orbit over planet Earth.  We have found a field of
Nizeronium near it.  Our current Nizeronium level is within acceptable ranges,
but we decided to stock up, just in case we lose main power.  Our hyperbolic
drive is fully functional, with maintenance scheduled for next week."

"Good.", said the captain.  "We almost got detected by that small recon ship
last week when the hyperbolic drive malfunctioned.  Make sure we don't have
any more .... accidents."

"It has been taken care of.  Anyway, even if it were to fail, the inhabitants
of this planet do not posses the technology to find us."

The captain raised his eyebrows.

"Inhabitants?  I thought that the Earth only had primitive life."

"Our recon data was out of date, sir.  Intelligent life has evolved on this
planet, although they posses little technology.  There are no ties to any
other races, and the other races have decided to let this planet be until it
evolves further."

"Very well.  Any news?"

"Yes sir.  I will feed the information to you right now."

A separate vid window appeared.

"Nothing worth mentioning, sir, I'll admit."

"I see." said the captain, with a touch of disappointment in his voice. "You
are dismissed."

"Acknowledged.".  And with that, both vid windows disappeared.

The captain again sank into thought.  He always was.  He was thinking of one
thing, all the time, how his race would once again dominate the galaxy.  But
until their numbers were sufficient, an attack on almost any race would be
suicide.  So he waited.  Waited for some sort of disaster or depression to
plague the galaxy, which his race could exploit.  He chuckled to himself.

"Good things."  he said to himself "come to those who wait."


Meanwhile, back on Earth...


"RYOKO!!! GET YOUR HANDS OFF HIM!"

The loud sound of Ayeka's voice boomed through the Masaki Residence like a
sonic wave.

"Why should I?  There's no law that says I CAN'T hug him, is there?"
responded Ryoko, in her usual, confident yet sarcastic, tone of voice.  In
her arms she was embracing Tenchi, which Tenchi was obviously uncomfortable
with.

Tenchi started to tremble.  Ever since Ryoko and Ayeka had moved into his
house they have bickered back and forth almost every waking moment.  It
sometimes was about frivolous things, like Ayeka getting Ryoko to help
around the house,  but mostly it was over him.  And sometimes, the
confrontations got ugly, and all hell would break loose.

Usually with him in the middle.

"You know that he hates the very sight of you!  Don't deny it!" spat Ayeka,
bitterly.

"Oh come ON.  You know I'm the only one he REALLY likes.  Right Tenchi?"

"Well.... uh..." Tenchi started to stammer.  He never liked being put in these
kinds of situations, because Ryoko was always so overpowering that Tenchi
could never seem to muster the courage to decline.  And he was afraid that
if he did, that energy sword that Ryoko had threatened him with the first
night he had known her could be put to use.

*Oh come ON, Tenchi.  You know she would never REALLY hurt you...*

Would she?

"See?", said Ryoko, with an devious smile spreading across her lips.

"AUUUGGGGHHHHH!!!"  Ayeka's frustration was obviously mounting at this point.
He skin color started to turn successive shades of red, until the point when
it was impossible to tell her skin color from her purple hair.

Suddenly, an explosion rocked the house.  Tenchi shut his eyes and cowered
to cover himself from the blast.  When he dared to open his eyes, he
immediately was dumbstruck, noticing the burn mark in the hallway floor at the
very spot where Ryoko was standing a few seconds ago.

Luckily for her own self preservation, Ryoko had dodged Ayeka's energy blast.

Suddenly appearing behind Ayeka, the space pirate drew her energy sword and
missed Ayeka by a fraction of an inch as the princess frantically dodged the
downward thrust.

"Stop that!  I don't want any of you to get hurt!" yelled Tenchi, finally able
to speak from the shock of a few seconds ago.  It is futile, as the girls
seem to simply not hear him for their rage.  Another blast shakes the house,
as Ayeka unleashes another attack on Ryoko.

Tenchi's cries for them to stop are drowned out by the sounds of combat.  As
the battle continued, the genius Washu was taking a nap in her lab inside
her own pocket dimension.  She was exhausted after having just finished her
latest invention.

Suddenly, the lab door opened and Sasami walks in.  The loud sounds of combat
echoed though the lab and with a start, Washu woke up, obviously from the
sounds coming from outside her lab.

"Wh...what?  Hey!  What the heck is going on?"

"Oh, nothing.", replied Sasami, walking up beside Washu's workbench.  "Those
two are at it again.", she added, with a frown.

"Why am I not suprised.", says Washu, discontently.  "Anyway, what do you
want?"

"I brought you something to eat, Washu.  I thought you might be hungry", said
Sasami, hopefully.  Washu never ate, mainly because she was so absorbed in
her calculations and experiments.

"Sure!  Why not?".  Washu realized that she WAS hungry, after all, she didn't
have a another project to absorb herself in.  And even though she was anxious
to play around with her new toy, she could wait.

"Thank you." said Sasami, cheerfully.

It always made Sasami happy when someone wanted to eat her cooking.  She was
the best cook in the house, and she was always making something new.  She
handed Washu her platter.

"Say..." she asked, "What have you been working on?".

"Nothing at the moment.  Just fooling around with my telescope for the
moment."

Sasami frowned.  "A telescope?"

Washu winced.  "Yeah.  So?"

"But I thought that telescopes would bore you.  I mean, you're Washu.  You
know everything there is to know about the universe, don't you?".

Washu beamed with pride.  "Well, this new device is something you might call
a telescope.  It is actually a spectrum hyperbolic space amplifier.

"Spectrum-Hyperbolic WHAT?", asked Sasami, obviously confused..

"Yeah!" said Washu, confidently and full of excitement. "I recently found out
about hyperbolic space a few days ago.  In a nutshell, hyperbolic space
allows a single object to be in two different areas of space-time at once if
the trajectory and the space-time is in the right condition.  An example
would be..."

Washu stopped.  Sasami had face-faulted halfway through the lecture, and so
Washu correctly assumed that it would be best to just let it stay at that.

"Uhhhhh... neat." said Sasami, dumbfounded.  "Well, anyway, I got to go back
to the house.  The girls might have burned it down, and no one would want
that to happen."

"Later, Sasami." , chimed Washu.

Sasami started to walk out of the lab, then paused and asked "Do you want me
to bring you some dinner too?"

"Oh, sure!", said Washu, suddenly realizing that she hadn't started on
Sasami's lunch yet.  She heard the battle again for a brief second as Sasami
opened the lab door, then it ceased again as she shut it, leaving the
scientist's lab in complete silence.


"Oh well, I better eat, and then I can fool around with hyperbolic space."

She smiled, anticipating the latter.


Sasami walked out of the lab and shut the door.  On the ground in front of her
Ryoko and Ayeka were at each others necks.

"He's MINE!"

"No, he's MINE!"

Sasami watched them for another half a minute in this vein, before they
noticed that she was standing there, watching them.

"You KNOW I don't like it when you two fight." said Sasami, looking hurt.

The two combatants stood up, looking ashamed.

"Say you're sorry!" demanded Sasami, with her arms folded across her chest.

"I'm ... sorry, Sasami", said Ayeka.

"Sorry, kid", chimed in Ryoko.

"Thank you..." said Tenchi, suddenly appearing from behind the couch, looking
obviously shaken up.  "Now *please* don't fight in the house.  If you are
going to fight, at least do it outside."

Ayeka and Ryoko both sighed.

"Good." said Sasami, starting to smile.  "By the way..."

"What?" asked the former combatants, almost in unison.

"What is Hyperbolic Space?"

Everyone in the room face-faulted.

"You've been talking to Washu again, haven't you..." said Ryoko.

"Yes!  She finally has completed one of her inventions, so I decided to bring
her some food.", said Sasami, showing a little bit of excitement.

Everyone face-faulted again.

"Oh don't worry," said Sasami, giggling, it's just a part for a silly
telescope.

There was an obvious release of tension as everyone in the room sighed in
relief.

"Interesting.", Ayeka thought out loud.  "I wonder what she would want to do
with a simple telescope..."


Back in the lab, Washu was playing around with her new toy.  Her fingers
danced along the transparent keyboard like a pianist.

"He he he", Washu giggled to herself.  "Now, lets set the telescope on the
other dimension."

She smiled, with an obvious look of satisfaction in her face.

"Yes!  It works between dimensions.  Now, lets see what's going on in this
solar system..."

She smiled again.

"Nothing much going on there.  No wonder, nothing can exist in..."

She paused, suddenly.

"Hey, what is that doing there?  It looks like a spaceship.  In Earth's
orbit, no less.  But I thought no one possessed the technology to..."

A sudden look of joy crossed Washu's face.

"Wow!  I've never seen anything like this!  Take THAT, science academy.  Now,
lets see what this thing IS..."

She started typing again, this time with a look of wonder.


Aboard the spaceship, an alarm rang out.

The piercing sound of the alarm echoed through all of the corridors of the
vast spaceship.  The corridors, once silent, were now buzzing with commotion
as the crew reported to their appropriate stations.  In one of the main
corridors, a door smoothly slid open.  The captain, with an obvious look of
distress on his face, stormed out of his quarters.  Amidst the chaos, one of
the officers caught up with him.

"Sir!  We are picking up something!"

"What is it?", questioned the captain, sternly.

"Someone has located us!"

"From where!  I want that signal targeted immediately!"

"Already done sir!  Our scanners report that it isn't from this dimension."

"What!?", bellowed the captain.

"Yes sir!  But I am picking up a dimensional link through this dimension.  It
seems to be coming from the planet Earth!"

"Impossible!  They don't have the technology!", shouted the captain, in
disbelief.

"Apparently, they do, sir."

"Head straight for Earth.  It seems that someone has finally found us out.
It also seems that we will begin our quest for domination earlier than
planned."

"But sir!"

"Do not question orders!", barked the captain.

Finally reaching the bridge, the captain glanced at the vid screen in front of
him.  Realizing that if they were found out, they would not stand a chance
for long, the captain knew what he and his crew must do.

"We must strike first.", he muttered to himself.  "We can always play the
silly diplomatic game later, to buy more time."

He smiled, with a wicked grin.


A few moments later ...


Back in the lab, Washu was still staring at the computer screen.

"That's odd.  It seems to be changing orbit."

She continued to stare.

"Hmm.... let me see if I can get a.... huh?"

The keyboard had vanished from beneath her palms.  Desperately, she tried
to summon it back, but to no avail.

"Hey!  What is going on here!"

She looked around her lab.

"Wait a second!  Nothing is working!  What the.... huh?"

A bright light, seeming to be coming from the opposite direction, had caught
her eye.  She turned around, and the light grew brighter, though she could
not tell where the source of it it was.

"What...is this?"

The light grew brighter.  Washu squinted, and saw that it was approaching her.
She stood still, dumbstruck.  But only for a second.

"This can't be good.. I've got to get.. out of here."
                                                     
She tried to run away, but the faster she ran, the quicker it gained on her.
As she ran, she saw the floor in front of her glare brighter and brighter as
the light came nearer and nearer.

All of the sudden, she stumbled and tripped over a cord conveniently placed in
the spot where she was about to step.  She tried to scream, but to her dismay,
she found herself muted.  The light came closer...

"This.....cant....be.....auuuuggggghhhhhhhhHHHHH.!!!????", she thought to
herself.

And she blacked out.


A few moments earlier, up in space, a small red spaceship was slowly making
it's rounds around the solar system.  If you could see the spaceship up
close, you would find Kiyone, looking out one of the windows.  With a very
bored expression on her face to boot.

"Mihoshi!", she said.

"Yes?", responded a voice from the next room.  It was that of her companion,
Mihoshi.  A stark contrast to Kiyone, Mihoshi always seemed to be in a good
mood.  This was sometimes a good thing, as she always wanted to try and cheer
up everyone around her, but all too often, Kiyone was pushed to the limit of
annoyance.

"Anything to report?", asked Kiyone.

"Nope!  Everything is A-OK!", replied Mihoshi, in her usual happy-go-lucky
tone of voice.

Kiyone went back to sulking and staring out the window.

All of the sudden...

BAM!

She was suddenly looking straight at another spaceship.

Spaceship?

This thing was HUGE!

Kiyone was so startled that she was thrown backwards off her chair.

She quickly came to herself.  But before she said anything, she heard Mihoshi
out of the other room.

"That's funny.  That spaceship wasn't there just a second ago."

Kiyone dashed into the cockpit, where Mihoshi was seated.  She was staring
at the radar screen, not bothering to look out the window.  Furious, Kiyone
grabbed Mishoshi's head and turned it in the direction of the ship.

"You mean THAT ONE?", Kiyone spat.

Mihoshi looked startled.  Kiyone calmed herself down.

"I'm sorry, I just HAPPENED to be looking in the direction that it appeared.",
she said, a bit calmer.

"Oh well, let's see if we can hail it."

A few seconds later, they were staring at a blank vid window.

"Unidentified craft!  Please respond and state your..."

All of the sudden, the vid window was filled with the image of Captain Tol.
The two partners were dumbstruck.  Neither moved.  Tol stared at them, and
started to speak in a menacing voice.

"We are on business of our own.  We do not wish any interference by you, or
anyone else.  Now get out of here and leave us be."

Kiyone finally regained her bearings and then started to speak.

"I'm sorry, but Galactic Law article..."

"We do not care about such measly things as Galactic Law.  Now leave us be!"

Mihoshi whimpered.  "Let them go, Kiyone.".  But Kiyone ignored her, and
started again, this time confidently.

"If you do not comply, I am afraid we will be forced to take you down."

The captain laughed.

"I am afraid that you are making a serious mistake.  You would have been wise
to listen to your partner, but I see that you are stubborn.  Very well.".

With that, the vid window went blank.

All of the sudden, a piercing yellow light streaked through the sky.  The
small ship rocked with an explosion.

That was followed by another, and another.

Luckily, both of the cadets had strapped in, and were at their respective
controls.

"Mihoshi!", barked Kiyone.  "Return fire!  I am sending out a distress call
to Galaxy Police HQ."

Several zaps came from the small ship..  They hit the huge ship, making a few
dents in it.  But the larger ship instead picked up the attack, seemingly
shrugging it off.  The small ship was hit more and more times, despite the
evasive maneuvers made by the ship.

"Kiyone and Mihoshi reporting!" yelled Kiyone, having to do so to down out the
loud explosions.  "We are under attack!  Requesting backup im..... huh?"

In a brilliant flash, the entire ship vanished.

It had not been destroyed, since there was no debris, but instead it had
vanished, seemingly out of thin air.

The mothership continued its decent...


Tow hours later...


At dinner, everyone gathered around the table.  Tenchi had finished studying
and Ryoko and Ayeka had not spoken to each other since the incident earlier
that day.  Nobouyki had come home from work on time, and was also seated.
Katsuhito was also seated, his mind somewhere else, although where it was
was a mystery.

A voice came from the kitchen.  "Dinner is almost ready!  Just a second, I
need to give Washu her plate!"

"Good, because I'm starvin'!" said Ryoko.

Everyone at the table nodded in agreement.

Tenchi hesitated, then decided to bring up something that might have
disastrous consequences.  He decided to risk it, in order to make it clear
to the girls how he felt.

"Uh.... Ayeka? ...Ryoko?" said Tenchi, a little bit hesitantly.

Both of them glanced up.

"I really wish you would stop fighting in the house.  I mean, I know there
might be something between you two, but I can't stand it."

They both glared at each other.  Then, Ayeka spoke.

"Well, she shouldn't have had her hands on you.  You must learn to get away
from those sorts of creatures."

"Well now, that's a feisty little princess." said Ryoko, with a smirk. "Always
looking out for the "best" interests of her true love."  She laughed.  "Would
you stop kidding yourself.  He willingly hugged me.  Right Tenchi?".

Tenchi was about to answer, but suddenly, Katsuhito spoke up in a firm voice.

"Enough of this talk.  Let us wait quietly."

"Hmm... speaking of which, where is Sasami?  She should have been back by
now...", said Nobouyki.

Suddenly, a scream came from somewhere within the house.  It was coming
from the entrance to Washu's lab.

"AAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!"  screamed Sasami, as she raced into the dining room.

"My goodness, Sasami, what is wrong!"  asked Ayeka, with obvious concern in
her voice.

"Washu is gone!" said Sasami, almost hysterical.

"*GONE???*" said everyone at the the dinner table in suprise.

"Yes!  Come look for yourself!"

Tenchi got up with a start.  Almost dashing to the door to Washu's lab,
he was followed by Ayeka, Ryoko and Sasami, all very distressed.  Tenchi
, hesitantly and reluctantly at the same time, opened the door.

The inside of the lab was darker than normal.  The lab was a mess as well,
with mainframes and god knows what else pushed over, smashed or otherwise
destroyed.

"This is horrible!", said Tenchi in disbelief.  "Washu would never do this to
her stuff!"

"Oh my...", remarked Ayeka.

"And look!  A burn mark on the floor!", pointed Ryoko.
                                      
They all looked at it.  It was indeed a burn mark, scorching a section of the
floor.  There were, however, no other sign of Washu.  Not even ashes or a
body.

"Do you think she's......" asked Sasami, with dread in her voice, fearing the
worst...

"I hope not."  said Tenchi, hopefully.

"Tenchi!  Girls!"

The four turned around to face Nobouyki, not in his usual good humor, but
looking rather serious.

"I think you might want to see this."


In the kitchen, the TV was on.  Everyone was staring at it, watching the
horrifying news.

"...out of nowhere, there have seemed to appear an alien spaceship of some
sort.  They have somehow managed to make contact with us, saying that it was
one of us who found them.  We are trying to verify that report with the
government of all of the major world powers at the moment.  We will keep you
..... hold on ... Wait a second, ladies and gentlemen, we have received a
transmission from their leader.  We will now show it to you."

The ugly orcish face of the Captain of the starship appeared.  Ayeka's eyes
widened and let out a silenced scream.

"Is something wrong?" asked Tenchi, in a distressed tone of voice.

Ayeka did not say a word.

"Greetings, Earthlings."

For a moment, no one stirred.  All eves were on the TV.

"It has come to our attention that one of you found out where we were hiding
all of this time.  For those of you who do not know her, do not worry, she
is taken care of."

The camera (or whatever the race uses in place of one), focused on a
twitching body on a table behind the captain.  Everyone in the room gasped.

"Oh my god!"

"They have Washu!"

"Those BASTARDS!"

"So THAT'S who found them!"

"What the hell!"

Washu was flat on her back.  Her feet and ankles were shackled, as well as her
neck.  She was gagged, and struggled noticeably.  It was apparent, however,
that she could not free herself from her bonds.  A slight tear trickled from
her eye.

The captain laughed and spoke off camera.

"For those who know her well, do not worry.  You know who you are, and you
will be delt with accordingly."

No one bothered to scream or panic.  They were too astounded.  Or furious.
It was hard to tell.

The captain was about to speak again, when a scream came from Sasami.

"Oh my goodness!  Look outside!".

A few seconds later, the entire party had ran outside, and were now looking
across the lake.

Tens, hundreds, thousands of specks were appearing over the horizon.

As they came closer to the group, Tenchi thought he could make out tiny
little "C" shaped hovercraft.  They looked highly polished, and the glare
from the sun seemed to reflect off of them quite visibly, keeping Tenchi
from seeing them more clearly.

Moving closer to the house...

Huh?

Tenchi's memory flashed back to the captain's words a few minuets before...

*"For those who know her well, do not worry.  You know who you are, and you
will be delt with accordingly."*

A sudden shudder rocked Tenchi's mind.  Why was this captain concerned with
him?  And Ayeka?  And Ryoko?  Sasami?  Kiyone and Mihoshi...

Kiyone!  Mihoshi!

*Oh my god* thought Tenchi to himself.  *What happened to them!  Surely they
haven't been captured.*

Could they?

Tenchi once again focused on the present, watching the specks come closer and
closer...

Contact Info:

AlexMax  (Alex Mayfield)
Email : alexmayfield@carolina.rr.com
        alex_mf_99@yahoo.com
Web   : www.geocities.com/alex_mf_99/

Song I played incessantly during the making of this chapter:
Aerosmith - Jaded (It's an exciting tune.  It kind of keeps me in an upbeat
                   nood.)

Best viewed in MS-DOS Editor

That's all peeps.  Until next chapter..

