Legal Disclaimer:

I do not own all of these characters.  Yes, the respective authors own Tenchi,
Washu, Ayeka, Ryoko, etc., but this story is mine, as are the Dayalex.  So, if
you are a lawyer, leave me alone, because I am not selling this for any money.
If you are a fanfic author, don't steal my storyline or my characters.
Failure to follow this procedure will result in your spontaneous combustion.
Thank you very much, and have a nice day.

.-,--.              .            ,-,-,-.                               ,-__/
' |   \ ,-. . . ,-. |  ,-. . ,   `,| | |   . . . . ,-.                 '  ||
, |   / ,-| | | ,-| |  |-'  X      | ; | . | | | | | |         Chapter .- ||
`-^--'  `-^ `-| `-^ `' `-' ' `     '   `-' `-' `-| `-'                 `--~'
             /|                                 /|
            `-'                                `-' No need for imprisonment

"Oh my...", gasped Sasami, out of awe and fear.

Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko, Nobouyki and Katsuhito were standing in front of the
Masaki residence, gazing out over the lake.  Over the horizon, the little
hovercrafts seemed to be getting nearer and nearer...

Tenchi was in a cold sweat.  Nothing quite like this had ever happened to
him in recent memory.  Sure, there were some strange things, like Ryoko's
crash landing and Washu's freedom from imprisonment, but no trouble ever came
of it, save for the occasional feud between the princess and the pirate.  But
now, his life, no, everyone's life was in danger.  And he didn't even know how
or why this had happened, merely only because of his association to Washu.

Ayeka was still trembling.

*Why is she doing that?  She acts like she is more frightened than we are.*

"Ayeka, are you OK?", asked Tenchi.

Ayeka still did not answer.  But before he could speak again, a hand rested
on his shoulder.

"Do not worry about her.  All will be explained, shortly.", said Katsuhito,
in his usual calm voice.  He always was calm like that, and Tenchi wondered if
he was ever really scared of anything.

"You heard what that thing said." said Ryoko, finally.  "We've gotta get out
of here, or we're toast."

She held her hand up high in the air.

"Ryo-oh-oki!  COME!", she commanded.

There was a flicker of light in the opposite direction, and at a speed that
would have broken all known human speed barriers, the cabbit appeared.  It
shot straight at them, until it was hovering about a few hundred feet directly
above the party.

In a few seconds, the whole group was aboard Ryo-oh-oki.  Sasami took this
opportunity and ran over to Ayeka's dress, clutching it tightly.

"Get us out of here!" yelled Ryoko.

"MITA!", yelled Ryo-oh-oki, and in no time, the cabbit shot straight up and
cleared the Earth's atmosphere in the time span of a few seconds.  It was
a good thing that Tenchi had not been looking out the window, or else he
would have surely lost his lunch.

After a few seconds, the cabbit shouted again "MIYA!".

"WHAT?" yelled Ryoko.  "Show us!"

A vid window popped up in front of the group.  And the sight was certainly not
one for the faint-hearted.

It was a mothership.

A BIG one.

Everyone in the spaceship face-faulted.  Tenchi almost fainted, for he had
never seen a ship of this magnitude before.  Sure, he had seen some pretty
big ships in the past, especially in the past few months, but this one took
the cake.  He managed to control himself and remain composed.

The cabbit screamed again "MIYA!"

"Show him on screen", commanded Ryoko.  "What does THEY want with us anyway?"

In a few seconds, the group was gazing on the ugly mug of captain Tol.  It was
not the type of thing Tenchi enjoyed looking at, not by a long shot.  To him,
it looked like a monster.  A civilized monster, for it was wearing clothes and
seemed to have some form of intelligence, but still a monster nonetheless.  Out
of the corner of his eye, Tenchi saw Ayeka going white.  She was about to
faint, but Sasami tugged on her dress incessantly, and that seemed to keep
her somewhat calm.

Tenchi stood there, speechless.  He noticed other expressions on the other
members of the party, except for Ryoko, who stood there with a semi-confident
look on her face.  And of course Katsuhito remained calm, in his trance-like
state.  Tenchi wondered to himself if ANYTHING frightened his grandfather.

The captain spoke with an annoyed voice.  His raspy voice cut through Tenchi
like butter.

"I don't think I gave anyone permission to leave Earth's grounds."

Much to everyone's dismay, Ryoko shot back.

"And why do you think we need permission?"

The captain chuckled.  It visibly disturbed Tenchi, and everyone else in
the group.  Ryoko remained undaunted.

"Obviously, you have no idea who I am.  Or who we are.  So if I were you, I
would just surrender now.  It would be easier for both of us."

Ryoko fumed and clenched her fists.  Everyone else froze, dreading Ryoko's
response.  Ryoko never surrendered, and spat in the face of peaceful
settlements.  This obviously could put everyone's life in jeopardy in this
instance.
                                                 
"I may not, but who the HELL do you think you are sending your little minions
over in this direction.  If you were counting on it being a cinch, then you
had better pack your bags and haul ass to wherever the hell you came from,
because you picked one HELL of a place for a picnic."

The captain growled.

"You are not making a wise decision, you insolent bottom-feeder.  I am going
to give you one last chance to surrender.  NOW!!"

"Only if you can catch me, punk." yelled Ryoko, defiantly.  And with that,
the transmission ended.

"Uhhh... Ryoko..." said Tenchi, shaking considerably, realizing what kind
of trouble they all might be in.  No one else had the courage or the will
to speak.

But before Ryoko could respond, an explosion rocked the ship.

"Damnit!", said Ryoko.  "Ryo-oh-oki!  Evasive maneuvers!"

"MIYA!!!", yelled the cabbit.

Another explosion rocked the ship.  Everyone tumbled to the back of the ship,
more or less in a heap.  Sasami cried and put her head in Ayeka's dress.
Tenchi put his arm around Ayeka, still shaking.

"Ayeka..."

Ayeka turned to him and they stared into each others eyes.  It was an odd
feeling, for both of them, although it hadn't been the first time this had
happened.  But this time something was different.  There seemed to be an
understanding between them, of sorts.  Ayeka paused, and closed
her eyes.  The color returned to her skin.

"Thank you, Tenchi.  I believe I am all right."

They continued to stare into each other's eyes, until Tenchi noticed the
gravity of the situation around them.  He glanced at Ryoko.

Ryoko had been too absorbed in what she was doing to notice them.

"I DON'T CARE IF YOU DON'T THINK IT WILL HIT!  RETURN FIRE!"

Brilliant flashes of light erupted from the ship.  On a newly appearing vid
window, Ryoko and the rest of the group watched with dismay as the lazers hit,
but seemed to make little impression on the mothership.  The other ship
returned fire, almost as if it was shrugging it off.

More explosions rocked the ship.

"MIYAA!!!" screamed the cabbit.

"She can't take much more of this.", shouted Ryoko in dismay.  Sasami
clenched Ayeka's dress even tighter.  Tenchi had taken his arm out from around
Ayeka's neck and just stood there.  Tenchi's life flashed before his eyes.
All of that, and his life was going to end in a spaceship about the size of a
small house, being chased by some freakish race.

*Well*, he thought to himself *This is one hell of a way to go out*

He turned to his father and his grandfather.  His father was scared stiff,
not saying a word.  As for his grandfather, he was still standing there.

Tenchi tugged on his shoulder.

"Grandfather?"

Katsuhito glanced down at his grandson.

"Yes?"

"Are you scared?"

"No.  A warrior must never be scared."

He paused

"And besides, they are not likely to...."

All of the sudden, a bright light appeared out of nowhere.

Tenchi squinted to try and make out the source of it, but the light only grew
brighter.  Intense heat was coming from the light source as well.  He hugged
Ayeka tightly, still close to him.  The heat and light were overwhelming.
On the brink of unconsciousness, he saw the rest of his group vanish.  Fearing
the worst, and holding on to the last bit of his consciousness, he let out
a final cry of defiance.

"NOOOOOOO!!!!", he screamed.

And with that, he lost consciousness.



*SPLASH*

"Tenchi?"

Tenchi moaned in pain as he came to.  As various parts of him woke up, they
registered only mild pain, much to Tenchi's suprise.  He tried to register
the voice, but he drew a blank.

*SPLASH*

>From out of nowhere, another wave of water splashed on his face.

Water?

Where was he, anyway?

Tenchi opened his eyes.

At first, everything was a blur.  But as his eyes began to focus, he began to
see a very definite figure staring at him.  He could tell the hair color,
a very light sky blue, and the eyes were a ruby-like red.

Blue hair... Sasami!

All of the sudden, his memory came back to him.  Sasami giggled.

"Hey everyone!  Tenchi is awake!", said Sasami, looking over her shoulder.

Tenchi sat up, still a little dizzy.  As he glanced around him, he found
himself to be in a steel room, with a small opening on one of the walls,
which had an electric field covering it.

So he was in a prison.  Instead of killing them, they decided to let them
live.

Huh?

Tenchi glanced around the room, double-checking to make sure everyone was
there.

Everyone on the cabbit was now around him, all none the worse for wear.

Ryoko was floating in the air about a foot, sitting Indian style.  She had
a furry creature in her lap, which Tenchi assumed to be Ryo-oh-oki, now in
normal form.  She was still alive and kicking, by the look of it.

On the other side of the room, Nobouyki was seated by himself, still shaken
up.

Near one of the corners of the room, Katsuhito and Ayeka were seating facing
each other.  They seemed to be talking to each other, but stopped when Tenchi
looked at them

"Oh, so you are awake.", said his grandfather.

"Oh we were so worried about you." added Ayeka, with obvious concern in her
voice.

Sasami, still beside Tenchi, spoke up.

"I TOLD you he would be all right!  See?"

Before Tenchi could say anything, Ayeka spoke up.

"Ryoko, you know that Ryo-oh-oki knows her limits better than you do.  If you
had not fired, we might have escaped from that scrap in one piece." she said
with annoyance.

"Yeah, well what were we supposed to do?", shot back Ryoko.  "Besides, if
Ryo-oh-oki had really run out of energy, she wouldn't be here right now, but
in pieces up in space.  And we are still alive, aren't we?"

"Girls..." said Tenchi.  Ayeka ignored him, too focused on Ryoko.

"Well, we ARE alive, but I don't consider THIS being in one piece."

"Yeah?  Well I should have jettisoned you back on Earth.  So quit acting
like a..."

"GIRLS!!!", yelled Tenchi at the top of his lungs.

Reluctantly, the girls calmed down.  Tenchi nodded his head and turned to
Sasami.

"Thank you Sasami, for waking me up." Tenchi told Sasami with gratitude in his
voice.  "Now grandfather...", he said, addressing Katsuhito.  But before he
could continue, his grandfather spoke, apparently reading his mind.

"Ah yes, an explanation.", he said.

*How DOES he do that?* Tenchi asked himself.

With a sigh, his grandfather spoke again.

"Ayeka has told me about Jruain history, and I have read some of her books on
the subject."

He paused, and sighed again.

"Well, I am not quite sure where to begin."

As he was about to start, Tenchi was aware that a screaming noise came from
the hallway.

Katsuhito stopped talking, and everyone turned their attention to outside
the cell door, although it was still empty.

The yell became louder and louder, but there was one aspect of it
that Tenchi could barely put his finger on that seemed .... familiar.

As it became louder, they were able to hear what the person was screaming.

"LET ME GO!!!!"  "STOP IT!!!"  "STOP THIS RIGHT NOW!!!!"  "I ORDER YOU UNDER
GALACTIC LAW NUMBER..."

The expressions on the faces of everyone in the room changed to a smile of
acknowledgment.

Then to a look of dread.

And sure enough, a mecha guard, that was almost as tall as the door,
stood outside the door.  In it's grasp, it held two familiar beings.

"Kiyone!"

"Mihoshi!"

The whole room exploded into commotion.

The mecha guard spoke as it was fiddling with something beside the outside
of the door.  It's voice was strikingly similar to the captain's, but it
sounded like it was coming over a radio transmission.  Which it was, from
the inside of the suit to a speaker on the mech.

"I have heard just about enough of your endless prating."

Suddenly, the electric barrier disappeared and with a flick of it's wrists,
the mech threw Kiyone and Mihoshi into the cell.  The electric barrier
appeared again with a flash.  The mecha spoke again.

"We could hear you all the way to the bridge.  Hopefully, you will keep our
'guests' company.  There is no worse form of torture than having to listen
to you."

And with that, it left, stomping its way up the corridor.

Kiyone was the first to get up.  She spoke in a disgruntled tone.

"I TOLD you to keep your BIG MOUTH SHUT!!"

Kiyone, in her usual annoying high-pitched voice, shot back.

"Well I didn't see YOU doing anything to help get us free."

"But you could have stopped us from getting into MORE TROUBLE!" Kiyone yelled.

Suddenly, she became aware of her cell mates.  She had been so mad at Mihoshi
that she had tuned out everything else.

"Ayeka?  Ryoko?  Tenchi?  How...", she stammered.  Her partner exhibited
the same type of dumbfoundedness.

"It is a long story." said Katsuhito, before anyone else could respond.  But
first let me tell you who and what these creatures are."

A few seconds passed, while Katsuhito closed his eyes and collected his
thoughts.  He opened them again and started his story.


"A long time ago, before the formation of Earth, and at the start of the
Juraian dynasty, chaos ruled the universe.  There were many warring races,
and there was almost no room for diplomacy.  But there was one race that was
head and shoulders above the rest.  This race was known as the Dayalex."

"And apparently, they still are.", added Ayeka, with a note of discontent.

"So, the freaks have a name." said Ryoko, looking u from Ryo-oh-oki, who had
gone to sleep in her lap.  "What about them?"

The grandfather cleared his throat and continued.

"The Dayalex wanted to conquer the universe.  They were single minded in their
pursuit, and would stop at nothing to achieve that goal.  They backstabbed and
double-crossed everyone they came across.  Eventually, all of the races hated
the Dayalex."

"Figures." chinned in Ryoko.  Katsuhito stared at Ryoko for a moment.  Ayeka
cleared her throat and continued for him.

"The Jurain dynasty was founded on the principal of establishing good
diplomatic relations with other races.  As a result, Jurai formed good
diplomatic ties to other races.  And with that combined force, the Dayalex
were forced into a recession.  And eventually, we supposedly crushed them.
The galaxy was at peace, knowing that the Dayalex threat had been squashed for
good.  But now, they seemingly have survived somehow."

"How?", asked Tenchi, stunned at this information that he was now getting.

"That is a good question." said Katsuhito.

"Unfortunately, we don't know.  We thought that we had killed of every last
one of them.", added Ayeka.

"So THAT'S who they are..." said Kiyone.  "But how did they get you?"

"We were about to ask the same about you." remarked Tenchi.

"Welllll...." said Kiyone, about to speak.  But all of the sudden, Mihoshi
butted in.

"There was this REALLY REALLY REALLY big spaceship that came out of nowhere,
O.K?  And there we were, just following standard hailing procedures..."

"There IS no standard hailing procedure." said Kiyone, obviously disgruntled.

"Right.  Well anyway, this REALLY ugly guy came on and told us to leave him
alone.  We said we couldn't, so a REALLY big fight broke out and there was a
really big light and stuff and the next thing we knew, we were aboard this
ship."

"A big light..." mused Ayeka.   Tenchi thought about this, and something
clicked.  He sat there, wondering about that bright light.

"Well, now you know our story.  What's yours?", asked Kiyone.

Tenchi cleared his throat and started.

"This all started when Sasami found Washu gone from her lab..."

Suddenly, something struck him as odd.

Where was Washu?

He asked the question.

"Where is Washu?"

Tenchi thought back to the television report.  Apparently, Ayeka had too, and
started to speak.

"How odd..." mused Ayeka.  "Instead of putting her in prison, she was put on
a table... oh no!"

Everyone shuddered.

"Goodness knows what they are doing to her..." said Mihoshi.

"But still, how did you guys get captured?" asked Kiyone.

This time, Ryoko spoke again.

"Well... after we found Washu gone."

Sasami shivered and shedded a tear.  Ayeka moved over with Sasami and put her
arm around Sasami to confront her.

"...we found the Dayalex on our doorstep.  So I summoned Ryo-oh-oki," she
said, glancing at the sleeping cabbit "and jetted.  They got on our tail, and
captured us."

The room was silent.  Tenchi thought to himself about the current situation.
Washu was missing, everyone else was accounted for, and they were stuck in
a cell aboard a ship of a hostile race.  He sighed, with his head downcast.
How did he manage to get in the middle of all this?

"Are you all right, Tenchi?"

He looked up, and stared Ayeka in the face.  Their eyes met, and they forgot
everything else around them, once again.  Tenchi couldn't understand it, why
were they feeling this way, all of the sudden.

"Yes, it's just that..."

"Don't worry," said Ayeka, apparently reading his mind.  "These things just
happen, and their nobody's fault.  We just need to let this run it's course."

Tenchi sighed once again.

"Thank you, Ayeka.  I really needed that.".  Getting up, Tenchi walked over
to Ryoko, who was busy attending to Ryo-oh-oki.  Sasami was beside her,
helping her out  Ryoko noticed his presence and said:

"Sorry guys, but until Ryo-oh-oki gets her spunk back there is no way in hell
we are getting off this rock. "

Mihoshi came up behind them and said, hopefully.

"Can't you try and bypass the electric barrier?"

Ryoko paused.

"Hey!  That actually might work!".  With a start, Ryoko ran over to the
barrier and studied it.

"Hmmm... it's a rudimentary Type 4 electric barrier.  I might be able to..."
said Ryoko, moving her hand up to it.

Ayeka suddenly noticed what Ryoko was trying to do, and screamed.  "Ryoko!
Don't!"

But it was too late.  Ryoko had already passed her hand though it...

...and hit the second one, which seemingly came out of nowhere.

"And a Type 2 backup system.", added Ayeka, while Ryoko was getting the
shock of her life.

The force of the jolt knocked Ryoko across the room, slamming her body
senseless against the opposite wall.  Tenchi and the others ran over to the
now bruised Ryoko and bent over her.

"Are you hurt?", asked Tenchi.

"Yeah... well... I knew that thing should have had... a ... backup.", said
Ryoko before collapsing completely.

"Of course." said Ayeka, arms folded across her chest.  "Even you should have
known that creatures like that always have backup plans.  Always."

It took a few splashes of water, courtesy of Sasami, to wake Ryoko up again.

"Where are you getting that water?" asked Tenchi, confused.

"He he." said Sasami, with a giggle.  "I have a canteen hidden in my dress.
I use it for when I decide to take a walk on a hot day.  When I have time
off from cooking, that is."

"Wait!  That's it!.  Water!", said Tenchi, suddenly having a revelation.

"Huh?"  What did I do?" asked Sasami, confused.

Mihoshi smiled.  "Of course.  Anyone knows that water and electricity don't
mix!"

Kiyone, sitting next to Nobouyki in the corner suddenly spoke up.

"Oh come ON!  Do you REALLY think we have a chance out there?"

"Sh-shes right you know..." said Nobouyki, who hadn't spoke the whole time
while Tenchi had been conscious.  He was still a little shaken up.

Tenchi thought about this.  His grandfather spoke up, glaring at Nobouyki.

"Don't be a little girl, my son."  Glancing back at the group, he continued,
I personally think we might actually have a chance at it."

"What if we don't?" asked Tenchi.

"Then we die like warriors.", said Katsuhito, with absolute calm in his voice,
"I could not think of a more honorable death."

"De-death." asked Tenchi, this time shaken up by the prospect of death, which
he thought he had faced only a few hours before.

"You know," said Ryoko, now back on her feet.  "This idea sounds more and
more appealing by the second."

"For once, I will have to agree." said Ayeka, confidently.

"Oh goodie!  A jailbreak!" said Mihoshi.

"This might actually work!" added Kiyone.

"Well, I'm in, I guess.  As long as we are in a group."  added Nonouyki, who
had finally composed himself.

Katsuhito nodded his head in approval.

Everyone turned their head to Tenchi.

Tenchi sweated profusely, knowing his choices, and their possible consequences.



In a few minutes, the entire crowd was gathered around the electric barrier.
Sasami had her water bottle brandished.

Everyone held their breath.

Sasami threw the entire contents of the bottle on the force field.

Instantly, there was an explosion.

The electric barrier was gone.  The entire group dashed into the hall...

..and instantly were surrounded by Mechs on all sides.

The mechs formed a circle, and were surrounding the party.  As a result, the
group was forced to the center of the circle, standing back to back, each
staring down an opponent.  Or group of opponents, for that matter.

One of the mechs raised it's arm-mounted gun and fired.

Everyone ducked as the energy blast made a definite mark on the ceiling.

Everyone slowly got up.

"Do you think we can take them on?" Ryoko asked to anyone who cared to listen,
gritting her teeth.

"In this case, I think it would be in our best interests to surrender." said
Katsuhito, quietly.


In a few more seconds, the entire group was being escorted down one of the
many hallways of the giant mothership.  They were being escorted by two
mechs in front of them, and two others behind them.

"Where are you taking us?", asked Tenchi.

"Quiet, human!" snapped the mech in behind, on the right.  "If you must know,
you are being taken on a transport to the planet Xenon.  It is a prison planet
with a giant prison built in the middle of the desert.  There is no way you
or your friends can get off the planet.  We were coming to get you, anyway,
as the order had already been given."

Tenchi then overheard the mech talking seemingly to himself.

"Alpha 1, this is Goman 4.  Suspects in cell block B attempted escape.
Requesting improvement in searches before incarnation."

Over the radio, another voice came on.

"Understood, Gamma 4.  Over and out."

Sasami was the next to speak up.

"What did you do with Washu, you monsters.", she spat bitterly, trying to
sound tough.

"Silence!  Let there be no more conversation!" said one of the mechs in front
of them.  "Keep an eye on them, Gamma 4 and 5."

They marched on...


In a few minutes, the party was on a smaller ship, heading for Xenon, the
prison planet.  It was small, compared to the mothership, but had room for
a small crew, their quarters, and a prison cell.

It was in that cell, that the whole party sat, saying nothing, doing nothing,
with their heads down in dispear.

"Dirty bastards." muttered Ryoko, who had had Ryo-oh-oki confiscated from her
before being escorted on the ship.

"Now what do we do." said Sasami, in dispear.  Ayeka moved over next to
Sasami, and gently stroked her.

"Nothing, right now." replied Ryoko.  "Right now, all we can do it wait it
out, and pray that something happens."

Suddenly, an explosion rocked the ship.

"Speak of the devil..." said Ayeka, softly.

"What NOW!" screamed Ryoko.

"Oh my goodness, today is just FULL of suprises, isn't it." said Tenchi,
sarcastically.

Suddenly, the steel door to the cell they were in literally came off it's
hinges and smacked against the back of the wall, with a force that would have
crushed a normal human being.  Luckily, no one was in the way.

Standing there was a cloaked figure.  There wasn't any other way to describe
him, since he seemed to be nothing more than a shadow with a cloak around him.
Everyone looked on with fear.  Everyone except for Katsuhito, Ayeka and
Sasami.

Tenchi studied them.  Katsuhito was simple to figure out, since he wasn't
afraid of anything, but why Ayeka and Sasami weren't frightened out of their
skin was beyond him.  He glanced back at the shadow.

"Follow me." it said, confidently, and yet human.

No one said a word.  Nobouyki shivered in his corner and slowly said...

"wh....Who are you?"

"Come on!  MOVE!" it said.  "Do you want to live?"

In no time at all, the party was following this figure down the twisted
hallways of the transport ship.  An alarm had sounded, and Tenchi swore that
he heard little footsteps converging on surrounding hallways.

As he ran, Tenchi's thoughts returned to the man in the shadow.

*Who is this man?  Is he here to help us, or is more than one race after
our necks?*

Little did he know, the shadow was both a blessing and a curse.

-----

Contact Info:

AlexMax  (Alex Mayfield)
Email : alexmayfield@carolina.rr.com
        alex_mf_99@yahoo.com
Web   : www.geocities.com/alex_mf_99/

Songs I played incessantly during the making of this chapter:
Green Day - Generator (I have no idea why, but it reminds me of Ayeka.  Yes,
                       I'm obsessed, but it helps me visualize the scenes with
                       Tenchi and Ayeka.)

Best viewed in MS-DOS Editor

That's all peeps.  Until next chapter..

