Hello all. I must inform you that I can claim no ownership to Tenchi 
Muyo or its affiliated characters, settings, or ideas. I also would 
like to make it clear that the album "Days of Future Passed" by the 
Moody Blues inspired this story. Thus, it carries that album's title. 
Anyone familiar with the album or the Moody Blues will find many 
references, some vague, some not so vague, to that album. All of the 
parts are named for songs of the album, which is slightly inaccurate as 
it was a symphonic concept album. I hope you enjoy.

Days of Future Passed
Prologue: The Day Begins


	Hotsuma stood in wait in the center of the park. If his 
mistress's ministrations had succeeded, Ryoko would be running past him 
any second now. He snickered to himself as he considered the foolish 
girl, so wrapped up in her love for that boy that she'd throw away her 
life. It was quite humorous to him. The night was clear, the stars were 
shining, and soon his mistress would have completed her scheme. It was 
an occasion for celebration, almost. And yet.
	"Why is this night air so cold?" he grunted, wrapping his coat 
more tightly around himself. It was odd that the temperature was so 
chilling now. It had been comfortable. He looked across the park. 
Surely Ryoko had to have been shattered by now. He knew that she would 
have seen the boy and Sakuya kissing. Certainly she'd be running 
towards the park center, devastated, at any time now. He looked down 
the starlit paths.
	He saw nothing.
	"This is incredibly tedious." Hotsuma stated as he sat down upon 
a bench. "I can't begin to express how mundane I find this waiting." He 
craned his neck up to look at the stars. To his disappointment, he 
found them masked by a dense fog. In fact, the fog now surrounded him. 
Hotsuma jumped to his feet. Paranoia sank in as he found his visibility 
sharply reduced. Suddenly, the quiet of the park seemed ominous, 
foreboding. He spun around, searching for the landmarks that had so 
recently been there. The bench, the lamppost, the blossom-less cherry 
tree, he could see none of these things. He could hear no park-goers 
voices. The only thing he felt was the cold wind whipping at his face, 
increasing in speed with every gust. This was far from ordinary and he 
knew it. He was almost glad when he heard the sound of approaching 
footsteps. Ryoko was on time.
	"Cold hearted orb that rules the night removes the colors from 
our sight. Red is gray and yellow, white. But we decide which is 
right..." 
	The voice emanating from the fog was definitely not Ryoko's. It 
was eerie, haunting even. Its owner stepped out of the fog directly in 
front of Hotsuma.
".And which is an illusion." It stated lowly. 
He knew not what to think of this creature that stood before him. 
In fact, most of what he saw was black. Its form was black. Its 
covering was black. Its hair, impossibly long, reaching halfway down 
what Hotsuma assumed was its back, was again black. A black cloak 
appeared to be draped around its shoulders, one that reached down to 
the ground. Atop its head was a dark shroud, obscuring its face.
"Who, or what, are you?" Hotsuma inquired. 
"You could not comprehend my answer to that question." It 
replied. The voice seemed masculine, but carried a definite femininity 
that only served to further befuddle him. 
"You're the one causing all of this." He accused the being. "Do 
not interfere with my mission. It would not be a wise course of 
action." Hotsuma's boastful remark did not even garner a verbal 
response from this being. He watched as one of the sides of its cloak 
began to rise. The cloak's edge slipped back as the arm of the being 
extended, slowly revealing a stark white hand, delicately formed with 
longish, carefully filed nails coming to sharp points. 
"Hah!" Hotsuma stated triumphantly. "A woman, and a foolish one 
at that. You'll be easy to kill." Again no response came. The hand 
pushed away a bit of the shroud. Hotsuma's eyes opened wide at the 
sight. He had misjudged, dearly misjudged. The being's hand opened and 
slashed at his belly. He jumped back, dodging the blow easily. 
"You cannot defeat me." He cried hysterically. "I won't let you."
"I cannot allow your mistress to continue." The being spoke. 
Hotsuma began to laugh at this remark. He outstretched his arm, 
preparing to fire a blast of energy at this unwelcome guest, when he 
felt it. His torso felt damp.
He looked down at his stomach. Indeed, five neatly cut gashes ran 
laterally across his belly. He howled in pain. Again, he looked toward 
the being. Its arm was still outstretched from the follow through of 
the slash, its hand still open, and its fingertips clean of all traces 
of blood.
"How can this be?" Hotsuma screamed. "I cannot lose. Who are 
you?"
The being remained silent, refusing to speak. It closed its hand 
quickly and squeezed. Hotsuma watched in astonishment. The beings own 
fingertips began to dig into its palm, drawing its own blood. Then, it 
hit him, a sharp, crushing pain within his own chest. He clutched at 
his breast, clawing at himself as if he could tear away the pain that 
engulfed his heart. The world began to dim around him. Once more he 
looked to his attacker.
"Who.are you?" He spoke with his final breath as he slumped to 
the ground. Still silent, the being opened its hand. The blood vanished 
from its palm as Hotsuma's body dissolved like the dream it was. The 
being looked up to the clear night sky.
"The dawn must continue uninterrupted." It spoke as it walked 
away from the park center.


Author's notes: Some beginning, right? I know it's somewhat 
short, but this is the only way to properly introduce this story. Trust 
me, this will become something hopefully unexpected in the coming 
parts. I hope you're looking forward to them. 

Tallgeese Forever!
Craeyst Raygal  
 
