Story, Knives McGillion, and Oogles are copyrighted by
me.  All other characters belong to AIC, Pioneer, etc.   
Hope everyone enjoys the Knives McGillion character.  I
had a blast writing these stories.  Don’t worry folks,
Knives is getting warmed up and there’s even more to
come!     

                    THE DARK BLADE SAGA
              (Part 2  No Need for Injuries!)
                                              

     Mihoshi’s ship sped toward the wreckage of the
Soja.   The galaxy police left the wreckage scattered
on the dark side of Earth’s Moon as a crime scene.  
Mihoshi typed away on the her ship’s computer trying to
study the file on McGillion.  The black screen scanned
through the A class criminals one by one until at least
it stopped.   The computer stop on “Knives McGillion”
bringing up a snap shot of the vile criminal along with
charges
and a brief half page of known info.  
    “Is this all?”  Mihoshi sighed.
    “I’m afraid so Mihoshi.” the computer replied to
her.
    “Knives McGillion...wanted for the destruction of
Juraian property, killed one thousand people,  two
hundred were galaxy police officers.”  Mihoshi sunk in
thought.  “Wanted on two hundred planets for
destruction.”
    “Quite a file he has,” the computer chuckled.
    Mihoshi carefully studied the snap shot of the
criminal.   She was quite curious about him while
reading through the galaxy police file.  He looked more
like some demon rather than any regular criminal she’d
ever enountered.  The aligator helmet covered the head
completely with two glowing eyes that seemed like fire
from the pits of hell itself.  Hitting a blue button on
the panel, Mihoshi received a picture of the criminal’s
craft.  Her mouth seemed to drop in a gasp, she had
seen that ship.  The ship was a juraian ship but was
not the usual colors of trees rather a dark gray color.
    “Tsunami!” Mihoshi shouted.  “That ship looks
exactly like Tsunami!”
     Indeed the ship was the same size and shape of the
flag ship of the Juraian Empire.  She wondered how
could this be?  Mihoshi knew Tsunami helped them
against Gagato and now could she be working with Knives
McGillion?  Mihoshi sank into deep thought, knowing
that she must investigate this further.
     “Mihoshi, what are you thinking.” questioned the
computer.
     “I wonder...” muttered Mihoshi.


     “Let me go!”  Sasami said, struggling within the
bracers holding her to the wall.  A pair of solid steel
bracers held Sasami’s hands to a gray wall.
     McGillion appeared out of the shadows before the
princess and grinned evily as he sat down on a silver
throne.  “Do you fine my ship to your liking princess?”
McGillion laughed.
      “Tenchi will come and rescue me!” Sasami shouted.
     “I certainly hope so, cause I’m counting on him.” 
McGillion grinned.
     Sasami looked around her at the features of the
ship.  A large glass window showed the wonders of space
lingering outside.  A few pools of water and a nature
like setting stood within the ship.  She reconginzed
nearly everything around her.  They were aboard a
duplicate ship of Tsunami.  Sasami worried about Tenchi
and deep down she was begining to understand the extent
of McGillion’s powers.  She knew that something inside
her was saying that this villian had quite an
understanding of Jurai’s power.  Sasami was hoping that
Tsunami would appear and help once more.   Strangely,
Sasami felt she knew everything about him.  Then
something made her blurt out a few words. “Sister...you
lost her didn’t you?” she said softly.
      McGillion slammed the chalice he was drinking
from to the ground.  “How...how did you know that?”
      Sasami cried out.  “I don’t know.” she shouted. 
“Those words came to mind.”
      “Only a few people knew about that.”  McGillion
replied.  “I care not to hear those words again.”
      McGillion floated toward the window and gazed out
at the wreckage of the Soja.  He turned to the princess
and sneered.  “I hate the Jurai and all of them will
end up like that wreckage out there.”  McGillion
pointed at the princess and grinned.  “My powers can
match the Jurai, even the so called Lighthawk wings.”
      With that Sasami gasped.  “What are you planning
to do to Tenchi?”
       McGillion cackled and laughed.  “You’ll see soon
enough princess.”


     “Faster Ryo-Ohki!” Ryoko shouted.
     The cabbit meowed and picked up speed heading
toward the dark side of the moon.   The large red
crystals around the control panel glowed brightly.  The
girls patiently watched the view screen for any ships
in the vicinity.  As Ryo-Ohki approached the moon,
Ryoko noticed that there indeed was another ship
nearby.
     “There’s a ship on the other side of the moon.” 
Ryoko impatienly tried to push the cabbit even faster.
     “Maybe Sasami is on board.”  Ayeka cried.
     “Lets hope so Ayeka.”  Tenchi smiled.
     On the view screen they could see coming into
view, what appeared to be a Juraian battleship.  Edging
closer Ayeka gasped at the sight of the ship. 
“It...can’t be.” she said.
     “What is it Ayeka?”  Tenchi asked.
      “Its...Tsunami.”  Ayeka said, approching the
screen.  “Somehow its color is odd for a ship from the
planet Jurai.
      “Ryoko, you knew McGillion didn’t you?” Washu
questioned her daughter.  “I can sense your thoughts.”
       Suddenly, a chilling voice came over the viewing
screen.  “Ah, so you’ve come at last.”  the voice
laughed.
      “He’s expecting us.”  Washu chuckled.
      Ryoko cringed with anger and slammed her fist
into the panel.  “Yes and no.”  Ryoko sighed.  “Gagato
ordered the attack on Jurai for one reason, and that
being to keep Tsunami occupied so that McGillion could
be freed from the abyss.” 
      Washu nodded.  “A plan that obviously worked
because Tsunami was occupied with saving Sasami’s
life.”  she chuckled.  “Gagato didn’t mention his
brother but his hatred of the Jurai showed even when he
was my student.”
      Ayeka looked at the view screen and back to the
professor.  “Interesting that behind a mask of hatred
that Gagato showed any feelings at all.”
      “Just teleport over when you’re ready.”  a voice
came over the view screen.
      Tenchi clutched his sword tight and turned to
Ayeka.  “Lets get Sasami.”
      Ryoko jumped up and grabbed Tenchi by the arm. 
“Tenchi, he’s setting a trap for us.”
      Tenchi smiled.  “Maybe so, but there’s no other
way.”
      Washu gathered them up and in a blink of an eye
transported them to McGillion’s ship.  Out of the red
light, before them was a duplicate interior of a Jurai
ship.  A few glowing torches of purple flame lined the
gray walls.   A long hallway stood before them glowing
with a redish light.  Ayeka marveled how much the rest
of the ship resembled her ship, the structure, pools of
water, but the one thing missing was the lack of a
presence of the tree, the ships heart.  Tenchi
hesitated going into his Juraian battlesuit, fearing
that McGillion would react and harm Sasami.  He didn’t
want to take the risk and neither did the rest of them. 
Tenchi led the group down the hallway with the sounds
of their foot steps echoing off the walls.   Finally at
the end of the tunnel was a light and as they stepped
out, a laughter filled the room.   Tenchi had arrived
on the bridge of the ship and upon a large platform
rested a silver throne and beside it was the princess,
held to the gray wall.   The princess caught sight of
them and shed a few tears, flowing down her face.  She
struggled within the steel bands.  “Tenchi!” she
shouted.
     “SASAMI!”  Ayeka cried out.
     Tenchi rushed up a flight of stairs to the
platform and suddenly he flew back down them as quickly
as he came up.
     “Not so fast.”  a voice chuckled.
     Before the stairway a few dark shadowy masses
merged together forming into a person.  McGillion was
standing before the young Tenchi with a look of delight
upon his metal face.  Ryoko helped Tenchi to his feet
and growled at the villian. “McGillion...”
     “Welcome to my lair.” McGillion laughed.  “I hope
you find it to your liking.”
     Ayeka approached McGillion.  “I demand you to
release Sasami!”
     McGillion laughed and slowly walked up the stairs. 
Grinning, he seated himself upon the silver throne,
patting the head of the princess beside him.  “First
thing princess.”  McGillion smiled.  “Never demand
anything talking with me.”
      “How dare you!”  Ayeka shouted.
       “Secondly, if you don’t want me rip this child
to shreds like a paper doll, I suggest you hand over
the mass device.  McGillion reached out to Sasami’s
face and knicked her gently on the cheek with one of
his sharp claws.   A tiny trickle of blood ran down the
princess’s face as she trembled with fear.
     “Stop!”  Tenchi shouted.  “Why not fight someone
your own size!”
     McGillion arised from his throne with a new found
hatred for them.  “So, you want a fight young prince
for the device and the girl?”  he laughed.  “Then by
all means bring all you have cause a forecast a new
high of pain for you.”   The villian drew the dark
tenchakan with a black blade shooting forth from the
hilt.  McGillion darted down the stairway toward Tenchi
at incredible speed.
     Tenchi quickly drew his sword and its blue beam
poured from the hilt.  With a tight grip he held the
sword crossways as McGillion’s dark blade collided with
the blue blade.  A series of sparks flew from both
swords.  McGillion pressed the sword hard down on the
blue blade causing Tenchi to back down the stairs.  
Tenchi tried to hold his place but he was feeling the
might of the villan was quite strong.  “This guy is
strong.” Tenchi muttered under his breath.
     McGillion laughed at the young prince.  “You’ve
seen nothing yet boy!”  With those words a blast of air
knocked Tenchi through the air, down the staircase,
almost tumbling into Ayeka.  Ayeka grabbed ahold of
Tenchi, trying to get him to his feet.  “Tenchi...” she
cried.  Ryoko rushed after McGillion.  “I’m going to
even the score!”  she said, forming her laser sword and
pointed at the villan.
     Ryoko let out a battle cry and charged McGillion
only to meet the same wind blast that Tenchi did. 
Ryoko fell back only for McGillion to follow his wind
strike with small green blasts of energy shooting forth
from his hands.  Ryoko couldn’t dodge the blasts in
time so order to evade them, she faded into the floor
as the blasts rained down on her.  She grinned as the
beams hit harmlessly onto the ship’s floor.  Ryoko
counterattacked, firing a few of her own energy shots
at McGillion, only to witness them pass right through
him.  McGillion stepped down the stairs, dusting
himself off abit.  “Is that the best you can do Ryoko?”
he laughed.  “Mere childsplay.”
      “What are you...” Ryoko growled.
      By that time Tenchi had transformed into his
battlesuit and he stared at the villan before him. 
“I’m not through yet!”  Tenchi once more rushed toward
McGillion with his sword held high.
      “Are you a glutton for punishment?”  McGillion
cackled.  “Well, lets see how you can handle this.”  
McGillion tucked the sword under his belt and as Tenchi
approached, he began to glow with a dark light.  The
villian surrounded himself with a dark shield almost
like the lighthawk wings, only these blades were ragged
with many sharp edges.  Tenchi’s blade met the shield
only to bounce him blade.   Then a blade erupted from
the shield and slashed Tenchi across the arm, causing a
short spray of blood.  The sword dropped from Tenchi’s
hand and fell to the ground.   The young prince’s knees
buckled as he clutched the injured arm.
       “TENCHI!”  Ayeka screamed.
       Ryoko  rushed to Tenchi’s side as McGillion
lowered the shield and drew his sword, held high above
Tenchi’s head.  “I bid you farewell Tenchi!”
       “STOP!” Ryoko screamed.
       Washu stopped her daughter and turned to
McGillion with anger.  “You win, now stop.”
     McGillion stopped the impact of the sword just
before it would’ve pierced Tenchi’s skull.   Sasami
cried as her face was filled with tears.   Ayeka
breathed a short sigh of relief as she held Tenchi. 
McGillion glanced at Ayeka and Ryoko, who were both at
Tenchi’s side and walked down the stairs to Washu. 
“Now we talk or else I finish the boy, you and all the
rest in three easy steps.”
     Washu pulled a small device from a black portal
overhead and with her head down placed it in the palm
of McGillion’s hand.  The device was silver with two
red buttons placed in the middle.  A strange green glow
came from the top of the device.  The villian placed
his right hand which now glowed a greenish color over
the device.  With a happy expression he checked the
device over and turned away from the professor. 
“Excellent.” he chuckled.  “You didn’t slip me a fake
like you would do any other time.”  he said, turning
back to the professor.  “Does he mean that much to
you?”
      Washu looked over to Tenchi and turned to
McGillion.  “Lets just say he has my interests.”  she
smiled.  “Now release Sasami.”
      McGillion waved his hand and the bands around
Sasami’s wrists glowed with a red light and dropped to
the floor.   The young princess ran to Tenchi and her
sister.  McGillion turned to them and laughed. 
“Tenchi, why didn’t you use the light hawk wings
against me instead of the frontal assults.”  he marvled
at the boy.  “How could someone like you defeat
Gagato?”  the villian said, seating himself on the
throne.  “How foolish are you really?”
      Ayeka and Ryoko helped Tenchi upon his feet while
the boy was in great pain from his wound.  Sasami
gasped at the sight of the large cut down the boy’s arm
with blood flowing like a small river on his skin. 
Ryoko and Ayeka helped him down the stairs with Washu
greeting them and glancing at Tenchi’s wound.  “Lets go
and don’t worry Tenchi I’ll fix you up.”  she said.
       Washu started typing on a keyboard appearing
from nowhere and a portal quickly opened up back to
Ryo-Ohki.   Ryoko glanced back at McGillion with eyes
full of bitter hatred.  “I’ll get you McGillion, count
on it.”
        The villian waved to them.  “I’ll be waiting
for you Ryoko and do come back.”  he smiled.  “Next
time lets skip the warm ups please.”
       Tenchi, still in pain muttered a few words. 
“I...can’t...believe...I failed.”
       Ryoko and Ayeka carried Tenchi into the portal
as Washu and Sasami followed.
       McGillion stood up as the portal closed and
clapped his hands together.   A small green winged imp
flew into the room and bowed before him.  The imp had
wrinkly skin and wore thin leather and had a pair of
gold eyes.  His mouth was full of sharp pointed teeth.  
“You call Master McGillion.” the imp said.
       “Ah, Oogles, my loyal servant.” McGillion
chuckled.  “Point the ship guns at Ryo-Ohki and blast
them into bits at once!”
       “At once master, and let me say...” Oogles
smiled.
       “Get going stupid before I use you for a soccer
ball!” McGillion shouted.
       “Yes...yes great one!”  the imp said, speeding
off to the ship’s controls.
       “Imps...loyal but stupid.” McGillion sighed.


      On board Ryo-Ohki, Washu finished wrapping
Tenchi’s arm with serveral bandages and stopped the
bleeding.  Ayeka, Sasami, and Ryoko were by his side
and each one had a look of great concern.  “We narely
escaped with our lives.”  Ayeka calmly said.   Sasami
glanced at Tenchi, who was resting.  “Poor Tenchi, he
risked his life to save me.”
      Washu continued to say nothing as Ryoko grabbed
her.  “Can’t you say something about this?” Ryoko
growled.
      Washu patted her daughter on the head.  “There’s
nothing to say.”  she sighed.  “We lucked out and I’m
not sure if we’re really safe yet.”
      Ryoko slammed her fist into the wall of the ship. 
“What do you mean by that?” she questioned.
       Washu coughed.  “Well, he’s probaely planning
right now to blast us with his ship.”
       Ayeka and Sasami’s eyes grew wide.  “Oh no!”
       Sasami held Tenchi’s hand and looked into his
face with a happy smile.  “Its going to be ok Tenchi.”

 
      McGillion viewed Ryo-Ohki through the glass
window of the bridge while holding his challice filled
to the brim with fine red whine.   He sipped the whine
while savoring his apparent victory over Jurai.   He
knew killing them would bring great pleasure and to see
them die would somehow ease his inner pain.   His
thoughts were broken by the voice of the imp coming
over the ship’s com.
      “Master, guns are ready to fire.” the imp’s voice
echoed on the bridge.
      “Fire away...and Oogles, don’t totally incinerate
them.” he chuckled.  “I want large floating wreckage as
a  warning to all Jurai of whats in for them.”
       Oogles laughed.  “Well put Master, well put!”
        McGillion laughed loudly.  “Good-bye and good
ridance you arrogant woman” he hissed.  “May demons
fill my challice full of blood from all those that
oppose me.”
       The guns of McGillion’s ship came out the side
of the ship, all pointed at Ryo-Ohki.  At the same time
the cabbit ship tried to make a daring escape but was
not out of the gun’s range.   McGillion held his
challice up to toast to their certain doom his ship was
rocked by some sort of hit.   Once again he threw down
his challice in a fit of rage making it bounce along
the stairway.  McGillion opened the ship’s com. 
“Oogles, why haven’t you destroyed them?”  McGillion
shouted, as his ship was rocked again.
      “Master, we’re under attack by a galaxy police
ship!”  Oogles replied.
      McGillion slammed his fist into the wall. 
“Always, always, always, those galaxy clowns meddle in
my affairs.”  he shouted.  “Well, I could return fire,
but I’ll let them savor a moment before I destroy them
for good.”  McGillion laughed.  “Oogles, withdraw
immediately.”  he said.  “We have the device and I care
not to engage the galaxy police yet.”
      “Very well Master.”  replied the imp.

 



     “Mihoshi, the ship isn’t returing fire.”  the
computer said.
     “Maybe he’s giving up.” replied Mishoshi with a
slight grin.
      McGillion’s ship turned toward the Yagami for
only a moment and sped into deep space at great speed.  
Mihoshi glanced at the screen and noticed that Ryo-Ohki
was nearby and she was rather curious as to what it was
doing there.  Suddenly, on the view screen was Ryoko
smiling.   “MIHOSHI, just in time!” she shouted.
      Mihoshi was startled for a moment as she sank
back into her chair.                            
“Hello...Ryoko...what are you doing here?” she smiled.
      Ayeka shoved Ryoko out of the way and stood in
front of her with a look of concern.  “Tenchi’s been
hurt by the person aboard that ship.”  she sighed.  “He
also has some device that he’s going to use against my
people.”
      Mihoshi was wondering about Tenchi and how badly hurt
he was.  She wondered if it had been her fault that she’d
not arrived sooner.  “Oh my.” she said.  “This is certainly
not good at all.”