     The story, Knives McGillion, Oogles, and Jalinia are
copyrighted by me.   All other characters belong to AIC,
Pioneer, etc.


                     THE DARK BLADE SAGA
           (Part 3: Revival and Painful Memories)


	McGillion’s ship floated in admist the astroid belt
between Jupitor and Mars.  While watching the astroids
hurtling through space, he clutched the mass device and
grinned.  He knew it was time to start putting his overall
plans into action.  “Oogles, its time we brought back
brother for phase two.”  he said.
     “Yes master.”  Oogles replied over the ship’s com.  “I
will meet you in the lab at once.”
      McGillion smiled evilly.  “Very well.”

 
     “Tenchi?” a soft voice said.
      Tenchi slowly opened his eyes and standing around him
was Sasami and Ayeka.  He clutched his head as he felt abit
of pain after his battle with the villian, Knives McGillion. 
His arm was still throbbing some but now he noticed it was
wrapped with white bandages.
     “Where am I?” Tenchi said.
     Ayeka smiled at Tenchi.  “You’re home and safe.”
     Sasami hugged Tenchi with a few tears running down her
face.   “I was so worried about you!”
     Tenchi smiled at the both of them.  “Thank you both for
your kindness.”  Tenchi stared at the ceiling and sighed. 
“Last thing I remembered was that villian standing over me
with his sword held high.”
      Ayeka held Tenchi’s hand.  “Washu saved you and
somehow Mihoshi helped us get away from him.”
      Tenchi smiled.  “Guess I owe everyone here my life.”
      “Tenchi.”  an older voice said, coming from outside
the room.
      “Grandpa?” Tenchi said.
      Yosho walked into the room and glanced over at Tenchi
with a look of great concern.  “Tenchi, you know that
McGillion will come back for all of us.”
       Tenchi sighed.  “I know grandpa.”  he said.  “He was
too strong for me.”
       Yosho nodded.  “From what Washu told me, it seems he
has power equal to Jurai.”  he coughed slightly. “Now I
believe its my responsibility to take care of the matter
while Tenchi heals.
       “Grandpa?” Tenchi tried to get up from the bed,
aching in pain.
        “Tenchi, you stay and rest.”  Yosho placed his hands
on Tenchi’s shoulders.  “I can hold him maybe long enough
for all of you to think of a plan to stop him.”
        “Don’t be crazy!” shouted Ryoko entering the room.
        Yosho laughed.  “Well, I suppose some people do get
crazy at my age.”
        “He’ll kill you!”  Ryoko snapped at him.  “If anyone
is going to kill him it’ll be me.”
        “Ryoko?”  Ayeka questioned.
        “I owe him...for Tenchi.” Ryoko slammed her fist
into the wall, placing a huge crack into it.  “Many years
ago, he enslaved me with Gagato and made me attack Jurai...”
         Washu came through the door and smiled Ryoko,
interrupting her.  “I figured you knew him Ryoko.” she
chuckled.
          “Don’t interrupt me!” Ryoko growled at Washu. 
“McGillion’s after the gems because he needs them to bring
some demon back from the abyss.”
          Washu grinned.  “I knew it!” she laughed.  “He
needs Gagato back to help him to search for the gems.”  she
coughed.  “I left a present within the mass device anyways,
so he’ll come here soon for sure.”
         “What are you talking about Miss Washu?”  Ayeka
questioned.
         “From my computer here, the device McGillion has
will self destruct.” she laughed.  “He’s in for a very big
bang!”
         Sasami smiled.  “Yay Washu!”
         Washu sighed.  “We can stop him from getting the
gems but let me put it like this...”
         “Go on Washu.”  Tenchi said.
        “Problem is keeping him from killing all of us.” 
Washu replied.
         Yosho sunk in though for a moment as Ayeka and
Sasami stood by Tenchi’s bed side.  Mihoshi entered the room
and smiled at all of them.  “Hello everyone!” she smiled. 
“How are you Tenchi?”
         Tenchi smiled at her.  “I’m doing OK and thank you
Mihoshi for saving us.”
         “So, Mihoshi, what brings you here?”  Washu smiled.
         “I was chasing the double A-1 criminal, Knives
McGillion.”  she said, beginning to sob.  “Its all my fault
for what happened to you.”
         Tenchi chuckled.  “It wasn’t your fault Mihoshi.”
         Mihoshi managed to smile under her tears.  “Don’t
worry Tenchi, I’ll bring him to justice.”
         Ryoko rolled her eyes.  “Oh great, just what we
need.”
         At that moment a holographic image of Knives
McGillion appeared before them.  The green light of the
hologram revealed the villian to be in a laboratory and his
face appeared please with something.
        “Greetings professor.”  the villian smiled.
        Ryoko clutched her fist.  “McGillion!”
        “How dare you intrude, even with a hologram!” Ayeka
shouted.
        Mcgillion laughed at them and glanced over at
Tenchi.  “Still feeling the pain Tenchi? he chuckled. 
“Washu, trying to discourage me with a self destruct
device?”
        Washu laughed.  “Have a blast?”
       “On the contrary, your device works just fine.” he
laughed.
       Washu’s face turned pale white as she dropped to her
knees.  “How...could...”
        “You see professor I’m quite aware of your trickery
and thus disarmed the self destruct by waving my magic over
it.”  McGillion grinned.  “As you can see that I’m about to
revive an old friend of yours professor.”
         Washu’s eyes grew wide.  “Gagato!”
        McGillion nodded.  “The gems will be mine soon.”  he
smiled.  “Since you’re so worked up to defeat me, lets place
your gems as a wager.”
         Tenchi struggled to get up from the bed in anger. 
“I won’t let you hurt them!” he shouted.
         Ryoko stood in front of Tenchi, easing him back
down to rest.  “Its my fight now Tenchi.”   Ryoko turned
toward the vile villian in disgust.  “Ok, we’re on for a
rematch and this time its for keeps!”
        McGillion cackled.  “Very well, and how about you
Yosho?” he smiled.  “Two on one for good time’s sake?”
       Yosho grabbed the sword Tenchakan on the desk by the
bed and walked toward the hologram.  “So be it.”
       McGillion nodded with a pleased look.  “Then its
settled.” he laughed.  “I shall meet you on the near
mountain in three hours, be there or be dead.”  With those
words the hologram faded out.
       Ayeka glanced at Ryoko and Yosho.  “You two are not
going to fight him knowing what he can do?”
      “AYEKA!”  Yosho shouted.  “I have no choice in the
matter and neither does Ryoko.”
      Ryoko grinned.  “This is going to be an interesting
team up.” she chuckled.  “After all, we once “were”
enemies.”
      Yosho smiled. “Indeed, but that’s all in the past.”
      Sasami looked into Ryoko’s face with great concern. 
“Please come back Ryoko.” she said, with a few tears running
down her face.
      Ryoko patted Sasami on the head.  “Don’t worry about
me Sasami.” she smiled.  “Take care and whatever happens,
watch Tenchi for me you two.”
       Ayeka tearfully smiled.  “Ryoko....”
       Sasami hugged Ryoko and smiled.  “I will Ryoko.” she
said, wiping away her tears.  “I promise.”
      Washu, still shocked at the thought McGillion had
outsmarted her, managed a few words. “I’m...proud of you
Ryoko.”
       Tenchi was touched by everyone’s words and managed a
smile.  “I wish I could fight along with you Ryoko.”
       Ryoko smiled.  “I know Tenchi.”  she said, turning to
the doorway.  “I know.”
       Yosho took Tenchi’s hand and placed a small crystal
on his palm.  “If anything happens to me, you may need
this.”
        Tenchi grasped the crystal and smiled.  “Thanks
grandpa.”
      Yosho smiled.  “Rest and heal for now Tenchi.”   Yosho
removed one of the gems from the Tenchakan and placed it on
the desk.   Washu smiled and nodded, knowing what he had in
mind.  Ryoko hugged Tenchi tight and both her and Yosho left
the room.   Mihoshi glanced around her looking for anyone to
say something.   Ayeka and Sasami were next to Tenchi,
thinking of what took place.
      “Oh my.”  Mihoshi said.  “I should go with them
because you see...well because I’m a galaxy police officer
assigned to this case.”
      “I’d stay here if I were you.”  Washu grabbed Mihoshi
by the arm.  “We need you in case anything happens to them.”
       Ryo-Ohki rushed into the room and jumped on Tenchi’s
bed, meowing at him.  The cabbit looked around her, meowing
at Sasami.   “Hello there Ryo-Ohki.”  Tenchi said, smiling.
       Sasami giggled.  “Ryo-Ohki has come to check on
Tenchi.”
       Ayeka managed a smile at the little cabbit as she
turned toward Mihoshi.  “Mihoshi, does the galaxy police
know that crazed villan is here?” she questioned.
       Mihoshi thought for a moment and stared at the
ceiling with an empty look on her face.  “I think...I...I’m
not really sure.” she said.
       Ayeka sighed.  “That’s just great.”
        Tenchi’s father walked through the door as Mihoshi
continued to stare at the ceiling seeming lost in thought. 
He smiled at his son and went to his bedside.  “How are you
Tenchi?”
        “I’m still in alittle pain.”  Tenchi smiled.
        Ayeka walked to the window and glanced out at the
colorful trees and flowers dwelling outside.  A few fluffy
white clouds drifted across the clear blue sky.  “I can’t
believe my brother is doing this.”
        Tenchi studied the crystal that Yosho had given him.  
The small clear crystal glowed with an inner light that
appeared to form the image of a young woman within.   She
had long flowing black hair and green emerald eyes.  The
woman’s skin was snowy white and she wore a bright green and
white dress.  Sasami glanced into the crystal and was amazed
at the image.
        “Who’s that girl?”  Sasami questioned.
        “I don’t know but grandpa thinks its a weapon that
can be used against McGillion.” Tenchi replied.        


       “We’re ready for the final preparations.” the imp
said, bowing before his master.
       “Excellent.”  McGillion replied.  The dark villan
pressed a few buttons on a computer panel making a device
come down from the ceiling.   Several counters in the room
were set up with vials of all kinds of chemicals.  
McGillion pressed a gold button and a long tube over a long
table came out of the floor.  He rubbed his hands together
in delight and laughed.   McGillion grabbed a vial marked
DNA number two from a nearby counter.  Placing it in a
needle like device he injected it within the tube.   The
reddish liquid seemed to gather in a mold within the tube.  
McGillion turned to the imp and grinned.  “OK, flip that red
button and then we can activate the mass device.”
     Oogles hovered over to the button and nodded.  “Yes
your evilship.”  the imp said, pressing the button.   A
large display of colored lights flashed from the device
overhead onto the long metallic tube.  With the display of
colors McGillion hooked the mass device onto a link on the
tube and pressed a button on the device.   Suddenly, the
liquid within the tube solidified itself and started forming
a figure within the mold.
      “Look Oogles, it works.”  McGillion laughed.  “With
that bit of DNA, I’ve reconstructed my brother and soon
those gems will be mine.”
      The figure within the mold indeed formed the thought
dead villan, Gagato.  The device somehow had restored the
villan completely.   Gagato was once again whole with his
new shiny skin gleaming through the glass of the tube,
however he was not yet conscious.   McGillion grinned and
slowly pressing a button on the nearby panel, the tube began
to open.
       McGillion peered at his brother and then nudged him
in the shoulder.  “Awaken brother.”
       The eyes of Gagato slowly opened to their golden cat
like expression.   He took a deep breath like it was his
last.   “Where....where am I.” he shouted.
       “You’re aboard my ship.”  McGillion replied with a
chuckle.
        “That voice.”  Gagato said, rubbing his eyes. 
“Brother?”
        McGillion clutched the right hand of Gagato.  “Yes.”
he smiled.  “How does it feel to arise from death?”
         Gagato slowly set up within the tube and glanced
over at the metallic armored being that was observing him.  
“Last I remembered, that boy had defeated me in combat.”  
Oogles flew to Gagato and handed him some white robes and
dress pants.  He took them and suspiciously glanced at
McGillion.  “Brother, what has happened to you?”
          McGillion grinned as Gagato clothed himself and
slowly climbed from the tube with his help.   “Things have
changed since I last saw you.”  McGillion chuckled.  “You
did manage to fail in a simple task in retrieving the gems.”
           Gagato raised a brow.  “Failed?” he sighed.  “I
never realized that boy was capable of using the lighthawk
wings when I cut the power of Tsunami off.”
            McGillion smirked and laughed loudly.  “I nearly
killed that boy with a few placed attacks.”  he smiled. 
“How could you lose to him?”
             “Let me kill him.”  Gagato shouted, making his
right hand into a fist, slamming it onto the tube.  “He’ll
pay!”
            McGillion grinned.  “I’ve already seen to it and
in a few I’ll be rid of Ryoko and Yosho.”  he laughed.  “Big
brother has everything under control and all you need is to
do one little thing.”
            Gagato glanced into his brother’s face.  “How?”
he questioned.
             “Locate the gems and bring them all to me while
I deal with the pest problem.”  McGillion said placing his
hand on the shoulder of Gagato with a evil smile.
             Gagato nodded.  “You amaze me brother, but what
of the demon?”
             McGillion laughed.  “Once we have the gems then
we can free the demon to do our bidding and it will crush
the planet of Jurai.”
              Gagato laughed.  “You know that Tsunami will
come and try to stop you.”
          “Ooh, I’m shaking in my talons.”  McGillion
laughed.  “I gots me a big can of galactic raid for that
pest and when I’m done its bye, bye stupid tree.”
          Gagato grinned.  “Seems you’ve been busy with
plans!” he laughed.
           “In addition to the destruction of Jurai, our
beloved sister will live and breath as you do but I need her
body from Jurai.”   McGillion smiled at the imp nearby. 
“You and Oogles will play fetch that corpse.”  McGillion
said pointing at the imp and Gagato.
           Gagato paused for a quick thought and turned to
the imp.  “What if they’re expecting us?”
            McGillion smiled.  “You can handle it.”  he
chuckled.  “Do as you’re told and you’ll be laughing about
this in your new castle on Jurai.”  McGillion laughed. 
“Picture instead of animal heads mounted on the wall, the
Jurai Royal family.”
           Gagato smirked.  “As you wish.”
           “Now if you’ll excuse me I must attend a tiny
competition on that little planet called Earth.”  McGillion
grinned.  “I’ll be back for red whine and candy shortly.”  
McGillion said, vanishing before Oogles and Gagato.
           “Seems my master is quite confident in himself.” 
Oogles chuckled.
           Gagato walked through the lab doorway, laughing.  
“We’ll wait for him to return and then we’ll proceed to
Jurai.”


           McGillion approached the teleporter of the ship,
walking down the empty hallway.  In his hand, he clutched a
small, red heart shaped pendant with golden trim.  While
holding the pendant he seemed for the moment consumed with
grief instead of rage.  His beloved sister, Jalinia had been
dead for nine hundred years.   McGillion pictured those days
back on Jurai with his sister at the beaches.  He remembered
her beautiful white face with those innocent green eyes that
could entice any man and long black hair like fine silk
waving in the sea breeze.  McGillion thought of her last day
at the beach like it was yesterday.  He remembered the fun
they had swimming in the cool ocean waters and enjoying the
scenery.   McGillion managed a chuckle, thinking about how
all the boys that thought she was some princess from a far
off world.  He remembered that day that she had won a swim
competition a few days before and this was a celebration she
had in mind.  That being a celebration of fun at the beach. 
Earlier they learned that Gagato became a apprentice under
the number one genius scientist in the universe, professor
Washu.  All was well, until the day after.
      McGillion tried to push this day completely from his
mind but with failure.  He remembered the day started good
when Yosho had invited them to the royal palace.   The
Emperor had heard good praises about McGillion’s skills as a
master swordsman.  He remembered his sister’s words.  “I
can’t believe we’re going to view the inside of the palace
Eric.”  she said.
      “Tis my friend Yosho’s doing.” he chuckled.  “I merely
asked him for a tour and after all you wanted so much to see
the inside of the palace.”
      Jalinia hugged her brother tight.  “Thank you brother,
you’ve always looked out for me after our parents had died.”
she sobbed.
      McGillion smiled at her.  “The very least I can do for
you.”
       Nearing the palace, McGillion noticed an odd figure
among the crowds, clothed in blood red capes and robes.  He
felt a great evil from this being unlike anything he’d felt
before.  “Sister, stay here in this market square and don’t
move.” he turned to her with a worried expression.
       “Brother?” Jalinia questioned.  “What’s the matter?”
       “I must follow that stranger, for my senses tell me a
great evil is here.”  McGillion hugged his sister and
followed the robed stranger. Keeping himself hidden within
the shadows of the large carts and buildings, he kept
himself from suspicion.  Finally, he tailed
the robed stranger to a dark alleyway, where he hid behind
the wall.  To his surprise was 
a group of robed figures, all laughing and they appeared
armed with energy weapons.
        “Soon, the Emperor will be gone and soon after the
royal family will crumble.”  one of the robed strangers
said, giggling with evil delight.
         McGillion whispered softly.  “I can’t allow these
scum to hurt anyone.”  McGillion drew his green energy sword
from his belt and glanced at the beings.   With a fierce
look he awaited the opportunity to strike.   One of the
robed figures removed his hood, revealing a shriveled face
of  reddish skin with black eyes like night and long fangs. 
He knew that these foul beasts were demons.  As the robed
figures turned their backs, whispering among themselves, the
moment was at hand.  “Die demons!”  McGillion cried out,
thrusting his energy sword into the nearest demon, slicing
him in half.  Two demons rushed at him firing their weapons. 
McGillion evaded the shots, beheading one with a single
slash and knocking the other back, disarming his gun.  
Following the disarm, he drove the blade of his sword into
the demon’s heart.   McGillion glanced behind to see one of
the demons fleeing the alley, back into the crowd.
           McGillion gave chase to the demon and it was then
he remembered leaving his sister at the market square.  He
hurried in pursuit, knowing she was in grave danger.  
Suddenly, arriving at the square, he saw several bodies
lying upon the ground as the robed demon was firing at him
through the crowds.   People screamed left and right, some
toppling the carts, trying to escape the shots.  McGillion
concentrated and drawing from his magic he fired a well
placed energy shot that sliced the demon in two.   He
breathed a sigh of relief only to see something that brought
his world crashing down around him.  His sister was lying on
the ground, bleeding onto the street.  The crowds watched
him run to his sister and held her within his arms. 
“Jalinia!” he cried.  “Speak to me!”
          Just then, Yosho had arrived with a few armed
guards.   Yosho seen what had happened and it brought tears
to his eyes.   Jalinia glanced into her brother’s face and
held her hand to his cheek.  “Don’t leave me.” she muttered
as blood filled her mouth.   A tear ran down McGillion’s
face as he held her tight.  “Stay awake Jalinia, please!” he
cried as he watched  her eyes close.
         Yosho kneeled before McGillion and watched as he
wept.  McGillion felt the last few heartbeats come from his
sister’s delicate wrists and then a silence.  Yosho waved
the guards to quickly summon an emergency team.  “SHE’S
DEAD!” McGillion screamed.
Yosho placed his hands on McGillion’s shoulders.  “I’m sorry
my friend.” he said, shedding a few tears.  “I really liked
her.”  Yosho slowly pulled himself up on his feet.
          McGillion grabbed Yosho’s wrist and glanced into
his face.  “Please Yosho...” he begged.  “Take me to Azusa
and Tsunami.”  McGillion said, rising to his feet carrying
the body of Jalinia within his arms.
        Yosho glanced at the lifeless body of Jalinia and
nodded.  “I will try anything if it’ll mean giving her back
to you.”
        McGillion sighed.  “Its all my fault.” he shouted. 
“I should’ve never left her, but it was my duty to stop them
before they hurt you.”
        “What do you mean?” Yosho questioned.
        McGillion kicked the hood off the dead corpse of the
demon, revealing its shriveled and evil face.  “They were
planning to kill the Emperor but I stopped them.”
        Yosho managed a smile under the tears.  “I thank you
good friend.”
         The crowds watched as the guard picked up the
bodies and carried them off while Yosho and McGillion ran to
the palace.   A few guards escorted them to the bottom of
the royal tree nursery, where he had been paying homage to
Tsunami, the mother of all Juraian trees.   McGillion placed
the body of his sister against Tsunami as Azsua glanced at
him and over to Yosho.  “What’s he doing?”  Azsua
questioned.
          “Allow me to explain father.”  Yosho bowed.  “You
see, McGillion stopped an attack that some demons were going
inflict on you.  He stopped the attack but in the process
his sister was killed by one of the evil ones.  He brings
her to you and the Great Tree Tsunami in hopes that you can
heal her.”
          Azsua turned to McGillion and glanced into his
face.  “Is this true?”
          McGillion sobbed and nodded.  “Yes...I would not
lie my lord.”
          Azsua placed his hand over McGillion’s shoulder. 
“Its beyond my power to save her.” he sighed.  “I would if I
could because you saved my family.”
          McGillion dropped to his knees before the Emperor
in tears.  “Please...I’ll do anything.” he begged.  “I would
serve Tsunami and you to the very end, even pay with my own
life if need be!”
          Yosho tried to comfort his friend as Azsua glanced
at Tsunami.  “The only things in my power I could do...”
Azsua said, glancing into McGillion’s face.  “Your sister
will have the finest funeral, and you would be recognized as
a hero.”
          McGillion crawled to his sister’s body and placed
his head against her chest and cried.  “I...don’t want
that.” McGillion said, softly.  “Not all the medals, riches,
or fame can end my pain now.”
         Yosho placed his hands on his friend’s shoulder and
glanced at Jalinia’s body, resting peacefully by Tsunami. 
“I...will miss her greatly.” he said.  “Her warm smile and
gentle laugh...”
         McGillion stood on his feet and glanced at Tsunami
and her green leaves and at the pool of clear water
surrounding the tree with a faint reflection of his sister’s
body.  McGillion took the pendant which hung around his
sister’s neck and walked up to the great tree, reaching out
and placing his hand against the bark.  “I commit her soul
to you and that you will watch over her spirit.” he
whispered softly to the tree.   Something within his mind
spoke the words, “She is with me and watching over you Eric
as we speak.”  McGillion held the pendant tight and stared
at the clear water.
         McGillion slammed his fist into the wall, almost
meaning to strike the control panel to the teleport device. 
For a moment a tear ran down his face within the cold
armored helmet.  He would not forget his sister’s dying
words, but they filled him with so much pain.  He began to
wonder if somehow his sister was watching him from heaven
and if so, was she approving of his actions toward Jurai. 
McGillion paused at the controls and thought about his
friendship with Yosho and how much they were close.  After
all, McGillion hoped Yosho would’ve chosen Jalinia instead
of having Ayeka betrothed to him by the Emperor and Queen
Misaki.  McGillion knew Yosho did in fact care for Jalinia
and now it bothered him that he would have to fight his old
friend.  McGillion clutched his hand into a fist once more,
knowing he was backed into this situation.   He wanted to
believe Yosho was not the blame, but he was one of “them”
and therefore must pay with his life.   McGillion knew one
thing, that whatever happened, he’d win.  If Ryoko and Yosho
killed him then his spirit would be reunited with Jalinia
and his pain would end.   What if the plans work?  His mind
sunk into thought.  If all goes well his sister would be
brought back to life and victory would be his.  McGillion’s
good side had dwindled into nothing but something there
preferred him to let them end his suffering because of  his
endless hunger for the destruction of the Jurai.  The
thought of a demon that can’t be controlled was there and he
knew it was so possible that it was inevitable.
        McGillion was intrigued at how Princess Sasami knew
about his sister.  For a moment she had touched his heart,
perhaps the princess had found a weakness, McGillion
pondered over the thought.  He was curious as to how much
this girl knew and how she came to this information.  
Something chilled McGillion to the bone about her face, her
eyes, he knew that she was so familiar and yet he couldn’t
place it.   Sasami’s voice was much like his sister’s when
she was so young.   McGillion enjoyed the tone and it filled
him for a moment with a sense of peace.
      With this in mind McGillion boarded the teleporter and
glanced at his surroundings.  The control panel glowed with
a blue light as he opened the pendant a holographic picture
showed McGillion, his sister, and a young Gagato, fresh to
the academy.  His heart lingered in sadness as he
materialized.