  The story and character Knives McGillion are all
copyrighted by me.  All other characters are
copyrighted by AIC, PIONEER, etc.  

                  THE DARK BLADE  SAGA
              (Part 1   Unwelcome Visitor)


    Watching the debris of the Soja float amonst space
through a large glass window stood a new force of evil
unlike any before.  This person was dressed in dark
shiny robes wrapped around an armor made of hard
crystonium, a substance not yet known to this side of
the galaxy.  A helmet shaped like an aligator’s head
shined like sterling silver with two glowing blood red
eyes.  The armor ended from the arms in two gauntlets
with long sharp claws.  The leg armor ran down to two
metal talons that were sharp enough to pierce a
dragon’s skin.  For a few moments he watched the
wreckage float into the black space and then chuckled
evily.  “Gagato...soon the rebirth of the Gaian Masters
will be complete and then the Jurai will be wiped away
with a few placed strokes.”  he laughed loudly.
     


     “WHAT?”  exclaimed the marshal of the galaxy
police.  One of the detectives had just handed him an
urgent letter.  The marshal had a look of fear upon his
face unlike most had ever seen.  He sighed and turned
to the officer behind.  “We’re in deep trouble and if
we don’t act soon I fear they’ll be severe
consequences.”  
     The officer was sunk in thought for a moment then
turned his back to the marshal.  “I agree and what do
we tell the emperor of Jurai?”  The marshal thought for
a moment and pushed his long brown hair back.  “If we
tell them now we could cause a major panick among the
family and to make matters worse what if the media
found out that the most dangerous criminal Knives
McGillion was back? “  The marshal shouted.
     The officer startled just slightly from the
marshal’s tone turned toward him.  “I’m not sure sir.”
he said approaching the officer.  “I think he’ll attack
the Jurai sir, and not only that he’s a pyscho and
there’s no telling what he’ll do.”
     Piling a few papers with notes and scribbles, the
marshal sank back into his chair and then slammed his
fist onto the desk.  “Send a urgent message to
detective first class Mihoshi on the double.”  The
marshal growled.  “If you don’t remember, Knives
McGillion wiped out half the fleet that was chasing him
before they even got within five hundred yards of him.” 
He sighed.  “Even though that was long ago, rumor has
it that he disappeared for good.”
    The officer chuckled nervously.  “Well, it looks to
me sir that his vacation is over and he’s paying us all
a visit.”



    “Mihoshi...MIHOSHI!”  The ships computer screamed
at the detective first class to awken her from slumber.  
    “What...what is it?” she yawned, stretching out a
bit.
     “Urgent message from headquarters.” The ship’s
computer shouted.
     Mihoshi cried out. “But I don’t want to answer
it.” she shouted.  “Can’t I sleep for just a few more
minutes.” 
    The computer growled. “Mihoshi answer them now.”  
Mihoshi pressed a yellow button on the metal control
pad of the ship and a screen was displayed in front of
her.  On the gray screen an image of a galaxy police
officer appeared with a fearful expression.
    “Detective Mihoshi,  we’ve received an urgent
report that the double A criminal, Knives McGillion was
spotted near the vacinity of the Soja’s wreckage.”
    Soon as the computer heard the name “Knives
McGillion” a few sparks of fear flew from the panel. 
“No criminal has ever qualified for double A class.”
     Mihoshi nodded and saluted the officer. 
“Detective first class Mihoshi at your service.”   she
smiled. 
     “Ok Mihoshi your orders are to capture Knives
McGillion at all costs,” said the officer.  “Be advised
that he’ll most likely attack all those of the royal
family of Jurai and under NO circumstances are you to
toy with him.”
    Mihoshi nodded and saluted the officer.  “I’ll do
my best to capture the dangerous criminal, Knives
McGillion.”  
     The officer breathed a sigh of relief. “After the
Gagato and Clay incidents we figured you’d do the job.” 
he chuckled.  “We’re sending you the one file of
information we’ve obtained on Knives McGillion.”
     The computer uttered softly, “One file?”  A
neverous spark flew from the panel.  “That means that
they haven’t a clue as to what we’re up against.”
     Mihoshi smiled. “Don’t worry, with detective first
class Mihoshi on the case there’s no need for worry.”  
     The computer chuckled nervously. “That’s what I’m
afraid of.”  
     Mihoshi turned back to the officer.  “I’m on my
way sir.”
     The officer jumped up from his chair placing his
face into the view screen. “Wait Mihoshi.”  he shouted. 
“I haven’t told you...”   Mihoshi switched off the view
screen and made ready to head toward the Soja’s
wreckage.



     Back on Earth, Tenchi and his friends would soon
come to know of a new terror that would befall on them
soon.   “So Tenchi, ready for another lesson?” smiled
Tenchi’s grandfather.  Yosho held the wooden sword out
in front with a firm grip while his face had a wide
grin.
     Tenchi stared into his grandfather’s eyes with his
sword held around his left shoulder.  “Ok grandpa,
ready or not!”  Tenchi rushed toward Yosho with a large
leap with sword in striking postion.  Yosho laughed and
darted to the left avoiding Tenchi’s blow easily
leaving Tenchi to smack into the nearby tree.  With a
thud Tenchi ran hit the tree’s trunk and fell
backwards, hard into the ground. 
     “Are you ok Tenchi?” Yosho chuckled..
      Tenchi rubbed his aching head and slowly came to
his feet.  “Yeah...I think so.” he replied.
     “When are you going to learn not to rush at an
opponent.” Yosho sighed.  “You leave yourself open for
mistakes, remember that.”
     Tenchi nodded.  “I guess you’re right grandpa.” 
Tenchi looked toward the house with a slight breeze
brushing against his shirt.  “I’ve had so much on my
mind lately.”
    “Oh?” Questioned Yosho.  “A swordsman always clears
his mind for the task at hand.”
    Tenchi smiled.  “Well...I guess.”
    Yosho looked directly at Tenchi waving his wooden
sword.  “Listen Tenchi, I know that things have changed
so much since you encountered Gagto but you must live
with your destiny.” 
     Tenchi sighed.  “I know grandpa but its just...” 
Just at that moment, Sasami came running up the path
dressed in a juraian dress.  Ryo-Ohki sat on Sasami’s
head meowing loudly in joy.  
    “Hey you two, dinner’s ready!” Sasami shouted.
    Yosho chuckled.  “Well Tenchi it appears your
lesson is over for now but just think about what I told
you.”   Tenchi waved to his grandfather while Sasami
tugged on his coat.  
     “I will grandpa.” Tenchi said.
     “Tenchi, lets hurry before dinner gets cold, ok?”
Sasami smiled.   Tenchi and Sasami along with the
cabbit ran along the path back to the house.  Each step
they took scattered the colorful fall leaves around the
path.  The trees were just starting to sprout their
fall colors.  A cold wind blew through the trees
causing them to shiver just slightly.
     “Wow, it’s getting really cold out.”  Sasami
pulled her cloak tigher against her skin.                                        
     Tenchi smiled.  “It sure is.”


   As the two past a a few trees nearby, a dark form
began to take shape along the path behind the two.  
The dark shadowy mass swirled and twisted, becoming the
figure of a person.   Appearing from the mass was
Knives McGillion.  He grined evily and clutched a
branch in his right hand crushing it to dust.  “Well,
well, out of all the galaxies I find you here on this
planet.” he snickered.  “At least there’s no galaxy
police to mettle in my affairs.”  A small squirrel ran
across the path between the evil McGillion and a nearby
tree.  Holding out his left hand a purple light glowed
brightly and a beam shoots forth hitting the poor
creature, incinerating it completely.  “Ah, the
wildlife.” he laughed.
 


     Back at the house, Tenchi was greeted at the
doorway by Princess Ayeka wearing her usual colorful
kimono.  “Welcome back Tenchi.” she smiled.  
    “Thank you Ayeka.” Tenchi replied.
     “Is that you Tenchi?” a voice shouted from behind
the door.
       “We’re back!” Sasami shouted.
       Tenchi’s father came the door with a smile and
laughed loudly.  “Come on you two, dinner’s waiting.” 
Tenchi, Sasami, and Ayeka entered the doorway and
suddenly, Ryoko emerged from the wall, wrapping her
arms around Tenchi.  “Miss me?” Ryoko smiled taking
Tenchi’s face into the palm of her hand.  Ayeka’s happy
face turned to rage as she waved a fist in front of
Ryoko.  “Now wait just a minute you monster!”
       Ryoko laughed.  “I was just saying hello to
Tenchi.”
      Ayeka shoved Ryoko off Tenchi.  “I’m not going to
have you pestering Tenchi today.” she snapped at Ryoko. 
“I won’t stand for it.”
      Sasami sighed.  “Will you two stop fighting?”
      “At it again you two?” said a voice out of the
thin air.  A large wooden door appeared in front of
them and slowly opening revealing the greatest
scientific genius in the universe, Washu.  “Can’t leave
you two alone for five minutes.” she chuckled.  “Hello
there Tenchi.” Washu smiled happliy.
     Suddenly, out of the air a chilling voice boomed
out over the room.  “I’ve seem to have found you.” The
voice echoed with a hidious laugh.
     Tenchi’s father looked around the room.  “Who’s
there?”
     “Allow me to introduce myself.”  the voice echoed. 
A dark misty form arose from the floor and changed into
a human form.  Arising from the floor is a figure
dressed in dark robes with a strange crafted metallic
armor.  The strange aligator helmet flashed it two
glaring red eyes at Washu and then Ryoko.  “Now is that
better?” the stranger smiled.
     Ryoko’s face nearly turned pale white and she
jumped out in front of Tenchi.  “It can’t be!” her look
on the stranger was one of sheer terror.  “I can’t
believe you found us, and here I thought the royal
family of Jurai made space dust out of you.”
     The stranger chuckled.  “Do you really think that
I, Knives McGillion, can be destroyed by the royal
family of Jurai?”  he laughed.  “I think not.”
     Washu walked before McGillion angerily.  “Do you
think you can just drop in here?”  
      McGillion floated toward Washu, hovering just
above the floor.  “Professor Washu, I take it you know
what I want?”
     Washu pointed at McGillion.  “I refuse to help a
vile and pyschotic being such as yourself.”   
     McGillion growled at the professor.   Ayeka pushed
aside Ryoko and glanced at the dark visitor.  “I as the
royal princess of planet Jurai, find your intrusion
quite rude.”  Ayeka shouted.  
      “Well, well, Princess Ayeka herself and here this
was the last place I thought I’d find you.”  
      McGillion grinned.  “Your family’s days of reign
are nearing to an end princess and then I’ll have all
the power I need.”  
     Washu grinned.  “What makes you think I’ll help
you?”
     McGillion chuckled.  “I take it you don’t remember
our dual?  he said, landing on the ground.  “I nearly
killed you with my dark powers and I spared Ryoko’s
worthless existence after she failed on her attack. on
the planet Jurai.”   
    Ayeka shouted out.  “But that was Gagato’s doing!” 
she questioned the dark visitor.  “I’ve never heard of
you.”
     McGillion turned to Ayeka.  “Gagato was one of us,
the Gaian Masters.”  he laughed.  “Our sole purpose has
been to capture the final key to releasing the demon,
Dark Force.
    Washu was stunned and sunk deep in thought. 
“Knives, I no longer serve you or your causes!” Ryoko
shouted.  “I have no intention of leaving with you so
get out of here!”      
     Suddenly, a green blast erupted from MacGillion’s
hand, knocking the space pirate against the wall hard,
placing a large crack down its center.  Tenchi rushed
to Ryoko’s side and checked on her with concern. 
“Ryoko...Ryoko, are you alright?” Tenchi looked her in
the face.  
     “I’m....ok...Tenchi.” she spoke softly.
     Tenchi approaced McGillion.  “I won’t allow you to
harm my friends.”
     McGillion laughed.  “And who might you be little
man?” 
     Tenchi pulled the sword Tenchi in front and its
blue beam came forth.  MacGillion expression of
laughter turned to pure hate.  “That
sword...you...bastard.” he sneered.  “It was you that
slayed my brother Gagato!”  McGillion shouted.  “I’ve
awaited my time to take my revenge on you boy, time for
you to face your maker.”  With those words McGillion
unsheathed a sword from his side and to everyone’s
surprise, it was exactly like Tenchi’s, only a dark
gray color.  “Allow me to introduce you to the sword
Dark Tenchakan.
     Ayeka gasped.  “That sword...it looks indentical
to the master key!”   
     McGillion’s laughter reigned out.  “How correct
you are princess, its a pitty you won’t live long
enough to tell anyone about it.”
      Sasami ran to Tenchi.  “What are you going to do
Tenchi?”  Sasami cried out.  “I’m afraid of what he’ll
do to you.”
      Tenchi stood in front of the girls with an angry
expression.  “You won’t touch any of them over my dead
body.”  he shouted.
      “That can be arranged fool!” McGillion laughed.
     Washu grabbed Tenchi by the shoulder.  “Tenchi,
he’s too strong, even for you.”  she glanced at
McGillion for a moment.  “I don’t want him to kill
you.”   
     Ryoko stood in front of Tenchi.  “Tenchi, I’m not
going to let this guy touch you at any cost!” she said,
forming her energy sword.  Ryo-Ohki leaped from
Sasami’s head and hissed at McGillion standing by
Ryoko’s side.  Ryoko approached McGillion.  “If you
want Tenchi you have to go through me.”  she waved her
fist.
     “And I as well.” Ayeka said, standing at Ryoko’s
side, holding her energy field just in front of them. 
“I demand that you leave McGillion!” Ayeka shouted.
      McGillion glanced at the princess and laughed. 
“It’ll take more than the both of you to deal with my
powers.”
      “How about me?” a voice said, coming from behind
McGillion.
      Tenchi saw the man standing behind was his
grandfather with a wooden sword held in front. 
“Grandpa!” Tenchi shouted.
      “Greetings Prince Yosho.” McGillion chuckled.  “I
bet you’re surprised to see me?”
      Yosho grinned.  “I thought you’d might turn up
again.”  Yosho smiled.  “I take it you enjoyed your
exile in the abyss?”
       McGillion began glowing with a purple light and
growled.  “I’ll kill you Yosho and this boy.” he
laughed.  “Then Tsunami will feel my wrath and then
you’ll pay for what you did to me.”
       Washu clapped slightly with a smirk.  “Poor
thing.”  she laughed.  Ryoko turned to Washu.  “You
know you’re just getting him extremely steamed!”  
      McGillion waved his fist at the professor.  “I
want the mass device.”  With those words MacGillion
darted through the air and with one quick move, picked
up the young princess Sasami, grabbing her by the arm
and with his dark powers, passed through the wall like
it wasn’t even there.. 
     Ayeka screamed. “SASAMI!”
     Washu rushed to the window.  “You fiend, taking
alittle girl as a hostage!”
     McGillion turned and grinned from outside the
window.  “How do you like my ability to pass through
walls as well as carrying another person with me.” he
laughed.  “Don’t worry about Princess Sasami, if you
bring me the device, she’s yours.”  he cackled.
“You have twenty-four hours and thats all.”
     Sasami struggled within the vile villian’s arms.
“Tenchi!” she cried.  “Help me Tenchi!”   McGillion in
a blink of an eye fades into a mass of shadows along
with the princess and vanishes without a trace.  Tenchi
rushes out the door.
    “Sasami!” he shouted.
     Ayeka cried out.  “What are we going to do?”
     Yosho grabbed Ayeka by the shoulders.  “Don’t
worry.”  he smiled.  “Tenchi will get her back, right
Tenchi?” Yosho smiled at Tenchi.
     Tenchi still stunned at Sasami’s kiddnapping
turned to his grandfather.  “This is my fault.”  he
said, clasing his left hand into a fist.  “I should’ve
done something.”
     Ryoko walked over to Tenchi and held him in her
arms while Ayeka cried on Yosho’s
shoulders.  “It wasn’t your fault Tenchi.”  She nugged
him in the shoulder.    “Let’s go get her Tenchi.”
     Ayeka wiped her tears away, turning to Tenchi. 
“Tenchi, you will save Sasami, won’t you?”
      Tenchi looked at his sword and smiled at Ayeka. 
“Of course Ayeka, I owe Sasami for helping me against
Gagato.”  Tenchi looked up at the cloudy sky.  “I’m not
about to let McGillion harm any of you, I swear it.”
     Ayeka sad expression uttered a smile.  “Tenchi...”
     Yosho grinned.  “Before you take off I think you
should know about your opponent.”
     Washu smiled.  “Tenchi, I have no recollection of
McGillion, only once did Gagato ever mention him.” 
Washu sighed.  “However, in my dreams he appears in a
dark shadowy form and calls my name.”
      Ryoko turned to Washu.  “Then how did he know all
about you?”
      Washu turned to Yosho.  “I’ve no clue, but
perhaps grandpa can tell us all about him.”
      Yosho coughed slighty.  “Many years ago on planet
Jurai,  existed a secret organization called the Gaian
Masters.  Their sole mission was to resurect a demon
called Dark Force.  At the head of Masters was an evil
man named Eric McGillion, before he had been a
promising warrior.  One day, by accident, his sister
was killed by a collasping cave.
As a desperate attempt he asked the Jurai Emperor, my
father to resurect her.  He believed the Jurai power
was able to do such a task.  In fact this wasn’t
possible.  I knew Eric and it was I who got him to see
the king.   Our friendship had been long until that
day, after that he refused to believe the truth and the
pain of his sister’s death led him to dark magics.  It
was there that he made a terrible mistake.  By
summoning dark demons from a book he knew nothing
about, they consumed him.   The man that Eric once was
came to an end.  The demons somehow brought out all his
inner anger and the need for revenge grew.”
     “So he blames us for his sister’s death?”  Ayeka
questioned.
      Yosho nodded.  “Indeed.  The demons even altered
his form and made him believe it was the royal family’s
fault.  And thus Eric McGillion became the vile
criminal Knives McGillion.”
      “But grandpa, didn’t you try and stop him?”
Tenchi glanced at Yosho.
      “Yes Tenchi, I tried.  What resulted was a
terrible duel and he bested me. Eric had new dark
powers and they were able to overcome my swordsmanship. 
After that, he began a rampage throughout the universe,
destroying all with Jurai’s name.  The galaxy police
couldn’t stop him leaving one alternative.  Tsunami
used her power and tricked McGillion, sending him into
the abyss, a dimension of no return.  I thought it
would come to an end.  Then again nothing with that
amount of power could be held within that prison.” 
Yosho sighed.
      “How does Gagato and Dark Force fit into this?” 
Washu looked into Yosho’s face.
      “Gagato was infact Eric’s brother, and the fact
that the Jurai banished him, this might have pushed
Gagato into what he became.  Gagato not only wanted to
seize the powers of the gems and Tsunami, he wanted to
bring back McGillion.  Somehow he succeeded seven
hundred years ago. As for Dark Force, he’s an ancient
demon capable of destroying galaxies at will.”  Yosho
replied.
     “I see.”  Washu chuckled. “My mass device is a
cloning device, allowing one to simply revive a person
using just a spec of DNA.”  Washu chuckled.  “So thats
why he wanted it of course but that doesn’t explain how
he knows me.”
      “This all seems really confusing,” Tenchi sighed.
      “The Gaian Masters just wanted to set themselves
up as dummy gods.”  Washu smirked.  “Well, we have to
put a wrench into Mr. Aligator Head’s plans.”
       Nobuyuki grabbed Tenchi by the arm.  “You’re
doing a brave thing going after Sasami and protecting
these women.”  he said, with a slight tear growing in
his eye.  “Just becareful.”
       “Tenchi, I don’t know how much powerful
McGillion has gained since we last fought.”  Yosho
turned his back to them.  “I believe his true power has
yet to be witnesed.”
        Tenchi held his sword tight and looked at the
furry cabbit down below.  “I’m going to need you to get
me to McGillion, Ryo-Ohki.”   The cabbit responded with
a smile a few meows and Tenchi knew he had his ride.
         Ayeka grasped Tenchi by the arm and laid her
head on his shoulder.  “Take me with you Tenchi.”  she
begged him.  “I’ll stand beside you.”
          Tenchi smiled at Ayeka.  “It may be too
dangerous and I don’t want McGillion to capture both of
you.”
          Ryoko growled with her face turning red with
rage.  “Knock it off Ayeka, Tenchi is doing this for
our sake, not yours.”  
          Ayeka giggled and grinned at Ryoko.  “Tenchi
is doing this for me, after all as a decendent of Jurai
its his duty to protect us.”
          Ayeka and Ryoko were face to face, each ready
to beat up the other.  Washu stepped in between the two
and shoved them aside.  
          “Listen you two, we have no time for this!” 
Washu shouted into their faces.
          “Sorry, you’re right,” Ryoko and Ayeka
replied.
          “Good luck Tenchi.”  Yosho said, leaving the
house.
           Tenchi and the gang quickly left outside and
the cabbit jumped into the blue sky, transforming into
the spiky pointed spaceship.  A yellow beam engulfed
the group carrying them up into the ship.  
          “Ok, lets pay McGillion a visit.”  Ryoko grinned
at Tenchi.