    This story, Knives McGillion, Oogles, and Jalinia are mine. 
All other characters belong to Pioneer, AIC, etc.  


                              CHAPTER 5
                        MIHOSHI ON THE TRAIL


     The Yagami passed the asteroid belt between Mars and
Jupitor, heading toward the outter part of the galaxy.   Mihoshi
was busy at the keyboard of the ship reading every possible piece
of information on Knives McGillion.  Her ship’s tracking system
had found the trail left behind by McGillion’s ship.  Mihoshi’s
mind wandered back and forth between the data and the concern of
Ryoko.
      “I hope she’s...ok.”  Mihoshi muttered as she punched away
on the buttons of the panel.
      “Mihoshi, the tracking system has indicated that
McGillion’s ship is on a direct course toward the planet Jurai.” 
said the ship’s computer, bringing up a course screen.  The
screen consisted of a black screen with a blue spectrum showing
the course of McGillion’s ship.  A red trail on the screen was
the Yagami’s course and heading.
       Mihoshi sank in thought for a moment while glancing at the
screen.  “Why is he heading toward Jurai of all places.”  she
sighed.  “I just can’t understand the reason behind his actions.”
        “We need to report this to headquarters at once!”  the
ship’s computer shouted.
        Mihoshi nodded and pressed a blue button on the panel
bringing up a another screen.  She immediately pressed a green
button and typed her galaxy police password.  Suddenly, an image
of a galaxy police officer appeared saluting.  “Galaxy police
headquarters, please indentify.”
        Mihoshi saluted him.  “Detective first class, Mihoshi
reporting.”
        The officer smiled nervously.  “Ah...Mihoshi, any good
news to report?”
        Mihoshi looked at the officer in concern that made him
sweat profusily.   “I’m trailing the criminal, Knives McGillion
at the moment, after he attacked the Juraians on planet Earth,
sir.”
         The officer sighed and nodded.  “Doesn’t sound good.” he
coughed.  “And where is he headed now?”
         “His trail is leading toward the planet Jurai.”  Mihoshi
replied.
         “WHAT!?”  the officer shouted.
         “He’s heading straight to Jurai sir.”  Mihoshi smiled at
him nervously.
         The officer sighed.  “OK, we’ll set up a blockade in
cooperation with the Jurai military.”  he chuckled.  “I’m just so
glad you didn’t cost us anything and I can just cry about now.”
          “Don’t worry sir, I’ll be in close persuit of the
criminal.”  Mihoshi smiled.  “Detective first class Mihoshi
signing off sir!”  she said, saluting the officer.
            The officer jumped up from his desk on the view
screen.  “WAIT...Mihoshi!”  The image screen went black as
Mihoshi switched it off from the panel.


      The officer sighed after he finished reporting all that
Mihoshi had told him to the Marshall.  He sank back into his
chair and smiled nervously.  “That’s about it sir.” he said.
       The Marshall nodded on the view screen and sighed.  “Jurai
will be most displeased about this change of events.”
        The officer nodded.  “I know we try our best to always be
on good terms with Jurai but then again we’ve never had such a
nuisance since Kagato, and NOW we know that McGillion and him are
brothers.” he chuckled nervously.  “McGillion and Kagato are
probabely too tough for us to handle anyways.”
        The Marshall nodded.  “I’ve just gotten word that Jurai
has a fleet of battleships positioned just outside the planet.” 
he grinned.  “McGillion and Kagato will be in for quite a suprise
as they are surrounded by our ships along with the Jurai
military.”  he smiled.  “We have Mihoshi to thank for this and
I’m quite pleased with her performance on this matter.”
         The officer chuckled.  “That reminds me, Mihoshi said
she was in persuit of McGillion’s ship.” he coughed.  “That may
promote a little problem.”
         The Marshall nodded.   “I hope Mihoshi will stay clear
and let the blockade do the job.”
         The officer muttered.  “If all else fails we can be rid
of all three of them and those piles of bills.”
          The Marshall raised a brow.  “What was that?”
          The officer nervously smiled.  “I said Mihoshi should
get a metal for this.” he laughed.
          The Marshall smiled.  “I agree.”  The image screen went
black with those words.
          With a deep breath the officer glanced up at the
ceiling.  “Please gods...don’t let Mihoshi mess this up.”  he
said, smiling.  “I don’t ask for much.” 


            “We are positioned around the planet sir!”
            The admiral of the Jurai Military nodded to the
captain of the Hideki.  “Good I don’t want those criminals to get
through at any cost.”
          The middle-aged captain of the Hideki bowed on the view
screen.  “Understood sir.”   The image screen went black with
those words.
          The admiral sank back into his chair glancing over the
bridge of the huge Juraian warship.   Serveral soliders guarded
the exits to the bridge with officers in bright colored uniforms
scrambling about preparing the ship for battle.  The battleship
Nerien was one of the most superior ships next to the Emperor’s
flagship and Tsunami.  The ship needed at least a crew of fifteen
hundred men to opperate its computers and guns.   The span of the
ship was at least one half the size of Jurai’s closest moon,
Saterio.  The admiral grinned slightly at the thought of anyone
breaking the blockade of ships he personally set up.  
         “Hideo, anything on the scanners yet?”  The admiral
questioned.
         The officer checked the scanners and noticed two red
blimps on the screen heading toward their position.   “Yes sir,
two ships heading this way at top speed.”
          The admiral nodded.  “Please indentify the ships
Hideo.”
          Hideo pressed a green button on the scanner’s panel
revealing a picture the ships and a small reading for each one.  
The first showing a large vessel of Juraian type with the second
being a galaxy police class ship.  “Sir, the first appears to be
one of ours, followed by a galaxy police ship.”
           The admiral sighed.  “I see, ready all ships to open
fire.”
           Hideo raised a brow.  “Open fire on one of ours sir?”
           The admiral nodded.  “The enemy ship is a gray Juraian
vessel and I’m positive this is the one.”  he grinned.  “Tell the
galaxy police to inform their officer in persuit of the criminal
to stay back.”
           Hideo opened a channel to the hidden galaxy police
fleet behind one of the Juraian moon.  “This is the Nerien,
please inform the officer trailing the criminals to cease its
heading in this direction.”
           “This is the fleet commander.” a voice came over the
Nerien com.  “We are in the process of stopping the officer at
once, galaxy police out.”
            The admiral grinned.  “OK, send a few shots toward
that ship.”
             Hideo saluted the admiral and opened communications
to all ships in the fleet.  “Orders are to open fire.”
             All ships responded.  “Yes sir!”
              The large guns of the Nerien fired massive blue
bolts of energy toward the criminal’s ship followed by the others
erupting in an array of blue lights.


               The Yagami approached the ship of McGillion as the
Juraian bombardment of energy lasers struck.  Flashes of blue
light surrounded the two ships as they approached the planet of
purple, green, and white.  Mihoshi was in deep thought of how
Ryoko was as the Yagami received a alert message.
               “Mihoshi, urgent message from the galaxy police!”
the ship’s computer shouted at her.
            “What...was that?”  Mihoshi smiled.
            An image screen suddenly had a galaxy police with an
angry expression.  “This is Lieutenant Migashi Morimorto, please
cease your present course!”   The blue uniformed officer shouted
at her.
            “But sir...I’m trailing the most wanted criminal in
the universe!” replied Mihoshi.
            “A joint blockade of galaxy police and Juraian
warships are in position to surround McGillion’s ship.” he said.
             The ship’s computer nervously glanced at Mihoshi. 
“I think we’d better do as he says Mihoshi.”
             Mihoshi sighed.  “OK, I’ll stop my persuit.”
             The officer nodded and the screen went black with
those words.  Suddenly, a blast rocked the ship, shoving Mihoshi
to the panel.   She mistakenly placed her hands against the
panel, pressing the red button reading “Power Thrusters!  Don’t
Push Unless you Really Mean it!” and with that the thrusters
kicked in.   The Yagami instead of stopping was speeding toward
the blockade.   The ship’s computer went into panick as the ship
was going to collide with McGillion’s.
             “We’re GOING to crash!” the ship’s computer shouted.
             Mihoshi nervously smiled, hitting a green button the
ship narrowly pulled up and avoided a fatal collision with the
back of the enemy ship.  Mihoshi rubbed the sweat from her
forehead.  “That was close!”
              The ship’s computer glanced at the monitor and
realized that NOW they were in front of McGillion’s ship with
several blue lasers coming straight at them.  Mihoshi keeping
calm, pressed buttons left and right evading the lasers as the
Yagami headed toward Jurai.
              “I think we’re in trouble.”  Mihoshi said,
nervously.
              The black view screen flipped back on revealing a
face of an angry galaxy police officer.  “What ARE you doing!?”
he demanded.
              “Umm...well you see...there was this blast and...”
she said, trying to explain her actions.
               “I don’t care just GET out of the way!”  the
officer screamed at her.
               Mihoshi glanced at the monitor to notice she was
minutes away from a huge fleet of Jurai warships, as the Yagami
sped past the first Juraian moon.   Behind her ship was
McGillion’s slowly passing the moon.  Once McGillion’s ship past
the moon a large fleet of galaxy police ships appeared from the
other side behind the two ships.   The galaxy police opened fire
with a display of energy lasers.   For a moment, Mihoshi got the
idea of what the galaxy police were trying to do.   She realized
at their present speed, the Yagami would collide with the huge
Juraian warship ahead.
               “Oh my, where’s the brakes when you need them!”
Mihoshi said nervously.
               The Yagami was almost to the blockade as serveral
yelling voices came across the ship’s com.  The incoming lasers
from the Juraian ships increased as the Yagami was just a few
hundred yards from the Nerien.
               “Halt your course!” screamed a Juraian officer
over the Yagami’s view screen.
               The Juraian ship was forced to change course only
to graise the ship beside it, sending the whole Juraian fleet
into large scale galactic pool balls.  Explosions flashed across
the stars as most the Juraian fleet crashed into each other.  The
galaxy police fleet trailing the enemy ship met with stray fire
from the out of control Juraian ships.  They were forced to take
evasive maneuvers to avoid crashing into each other.  The
blockade resembled a galactic head of swiss cheese.  The Yagami
was still speeding through the crashing Juraian warships.
            “I can’t believe this is happening.”  the computer
sighed.
            Mihoshi nervously smiled.  “I’m sorry.”
             The Yagami’s view screen was constantly lit up with
dozens of mad officers and Juraian warship captains yelling at
the top of their lungs.   The blockade was gone as McGillion’s
ship approached the Juraian fleet.

            
             Kagato laughed as he viewed the chaos outside the
window of the ship’s bridge.   He glanced over to his brother
seated on the silver throne and grinned.  “I don’t know whether
to reward that galaxy police officer or kill her.”
             McGillion, still sore from his wounds managed an
evil laugh.  “The ditz came through and now I can manage a little
razzle dazzle to see us safely through the rest of the way.”
             Kagato grinned.  “Shadow cloak?”
             McGillion grinned.  “Of course, I plan on not
failing in this matter.”  The villian pressed his hands together
making them glow with a bright green light.   The ship seemed to
just vanish into space before the two fleets.   McGillion’s dark
magic sped the ship through the the Jurain fleet at top speed
toward the planet Jurai.   Kagato watched the planet of Jurai
grow larger as they approached with the Yagami in front of them. 
An evil smile grew on Kagato’s face as they were in clear site of
their goal.


             “Yes sir, the galaxy police appologize for any
inconvience.”  the officer tried to explain to the admiral of the
Juraian fleet on the view screen.
              The admiral was pointing at the officer, shouting
and snarling.  “How could you LET that detective mess up a
perfectly planned blockade!?”
              The officer pulled a hankerchief out of a desk
drawer and wiped the sweat from his forehead, nervously nodding
and smiling at the admiral’s words.  “Don’t worry, we’ll catch
them.”
               “Is that susposed to make me feel better?” the
admiral growled.  “I have to explain this...failure to the
Emperor and he will be most displeased.”
               The officer saluted the admiral.  “We’ll catch
McGillion and Kagato soon, galaxy police signing off.”   The
image screen went dark as the officer sank back into his chair,
placed his head in his hands and started to cry.  “Oh God!” he
screamed.  “They’re sure to send me on patrol duty in the Z4590
zone!”
                Fearing the words of the Marshall, the officer
took out a bottle of the strongest liquor he could find.  He had
a bottle of V45, which had been hidden for such an occassion. 
Glancing at the bottle he noticed it was just about empty.   The
officer sighed, opening the bottle he gluped the last few drops
down.  He felt almost like an alcoholic from all the incidents
Mihoshi got into.  “Wait to you get back Mihoshi.” he said,
trying to keep calm.  “I’m putting you on janitor duty if I still
have this job.”
         The officer brought up the view screen and the image of
a concerned Marshall appeared.   With a nervous gulp, the officer
prepared to explain the actions of  Mihoshi.  Before speaking, he
uttered a small prayer.



         The dark ship entered the atmosphere of plant Jurai,
still cloaked by the dark magic of McGillion.   Kagato glanced
through the glass window of the bridge as the ship hovered over
the planet’s surface covered with colorful vegatation and tall
blooming trees.  The ship continued its course along a large
flowing river with blue crystal waters.   McGillion arose from
his throne and slowly joined his brother’s side by the viewing
glass with his eyes gazing at the trees and flowers dwelling
below.
         “The planet seems more colorful than my last visit here
long ago.”  McGillion chuckled slightly.
         Kagato nodded.  “The planet has healed nicely from our
attack and Ryoko did do quite abit of damage.”
          McGillion pressed his hand against the glass and
glanced at the bright, blue cloudy sky and smiled.  “Juraian
power is amazing, a power to heal, a power to destroy.”
           Kagato laughed.  “What shall we do about Tsunami and
Azusa once we arrive at our destination?”
           McGillion walked back to the throne of silver and
seated himself upon it.  “Tsunami shall come to us.”  he smiled. 
“I’m leaving the Jurai royal family to you brother in hopes that
you can deal with them.”
           Kagato grinned.  “What about the gems?”
           McGillion held the palm of his hand out revealing
three glowing red gems.  He smiled as he rolled them around in
the palm of his hand.  “Ryoko and Tenchi didn’t realize that I
had removed a gem from the Tenchi-ken with the help of a little
magic.” he laughed.  “The other two came into my possession when
I found them in the wreckage of Soja.”
           “Impressive brother.”  Kagato marveled at his words.
           “We are left with retriving only the other two gems.” 
McGillion coughed.  “One is on Ryoko and the other belongs to
that boy.”
           “I thought two gems were within the hilt of the master
key?”  Kagato questioned.
           “Do you really think Yosho would be that stupid to
leave two gems within the hilt of the sword?”  McGillion replied. 
“He knew that his power was no match for mine, therefore he gave
the other gem to that boy.”
            “I see.”  Kagato nodded.
            “I’ll make Ryoko and Tenchi come to me.”  McGillion
smiled.  “They’ll have no choice.”
            “Why’s that?”  Kagato questioned.
            “Ryoko will want to try and finish me.”  McGillion
chuckled.  “I know the type, trust me on this one.”
              The ship approached a large, bright green hill with
colorful flowers.   McGillion stood up from his throne and walked
back toward the glass window of the bridge.  “We’re almost
there.” he said, pointing over the hill.   “Kagato, take Oogles
on the transporter and beam to the royal palace.”
               Kagato bowed with an evil smile.  “I’ll be sure to
warm up the party before your arrival.”  he laughed and
dematerialized.
               McGillion gave a small laugh.  “I’m sure you
will.”


                “Is that all you have to say?”  Azusa said,
disgusted over the report given to him by the admiral of the
fleet over a small view screen.
                 The admiral of the Juraian fleet bowed on the
view screen.  “My sincere appologies your majesty.” he sighed. 
“It was a blunder on the galaxy police.”
                  Azusa glanced at him with an icy gaze.  “That
will be all and do your best to catch those two at ONCE.”   Azusa
pressed a button on the panel angerily as he arose from his
throne.  He glanced over to his chancellor dressed in purple and
white robes with green leaf emblems on the shoulder pads. 
“Chancellor, see to it that ALL the necessary precautions are
taken to protect the royal palace.”
                 The chancellor of the royal family bowed in
response.  “At once my Lord!”
                 “What troubles you my husband, you looked
gravely concerned?”  Funaho smiled as she approached him through
the huge, golden double doors.
                  Azusa sighed, rubbing his long purple beard as
he glanced at his first wife.  Funaho was wearing a bright red
and brown robe with a large neck piece she had on with two 
large, green leaf emblems. Her hair was in two long, dark brown
pony tails drapping
down in front of her cloak with two yellow braids.  Azusa found
it amusing at times that Funaho acted differently than the other
women of the royal family.  Usually all the females had their
hair drape behind them, but Funaho always prefered it to be in
the front.  Azusa remembered Funaho saying she wanted to do
something different to make her stand out among her peers. 
                 “Our blockade has failed.”  Azusa bowed his
head, resting it on his arm.
                 Funaho’s warm smiled turned to that of concern. 
“You know, it was only a matter of time before something like
this would happen.”
                 “It would seem that boy failed to kill Kagato.”  
Azusa said, slowly standing up from his throne.
                  “Perhaps, but we shouldn’t be so harsh on him.” 
Funaho replied.
                   “That boy is of NO concern of mine.”  Azusa
snapped back.
                 “Ever since we visited Earth, you’ve been rather
cranky lately.”  Funaho approached him.  “Why do you dislike him
so much?”
                  Azusa turned away from Funaho for a moment.  “I
sense he’s nothing but trouble and I’m most displeased about the
conduct of my two daughters.”
                  Funaho chuckled.  “Now listen to you.”  she
placed a hand on her husband’s shoulder.  “Ayeka is a strong
willed woman and she’ll do as she pleases and I think Sasami’s
the same way.”
                  Azusa turned around and glanced into Funaho’s
eyes.  “Perhaps, but I WILL bring them back home one way or
another.”
                  Funaho sighed.  “This all must be hard for
Tenchi...”
                  Azusa raised a brow.  “What?”
                  “Finding out that he’s a part of our family and
the things he knew changed in a matter of a short time.”  she
said, smiling.  “I think you should understand him before you
make hasty judgements.  Funaho placed both of her hands on
Azusa’s shoulders.  “Our son has molded Tenchi into a fine young
man and I think you should give him a chance.”
                  Azusa sighed.  “Very well, I’ll consider your
words.”
                  Suddenly, an explosion was felt by the two and
smoke poured from underneath the huge golden doors of the throne
room.   Azusa stood before his wife, coughing as smoke filled the
room.   The doors of the throne room flung open and a huge ball
of green light floated into the room from the smoke.   The green
light hovered just above the emperor and the queen and from it
emerged the villian Kagato with an evil grin
upon his face.   With a laugh, he dropped a body of a slain royal
guard to the floor as Funaho glanced at the corpse with a look of
horor upon her face.
                  “Greetings, your highness.”  Kagato bowed, as
he slowly floated to the ground.
                   Azusa glared at him.  “How DARE you!” he
growled.  “What’s the meaning of this intrusion into MY palace?!” 
Azusa demanded.
             “On the request of my brother I dropped by for a
little visit.”  Kagato chuckled.
           Azusa tossed his long, light brown cloak to the side
and was enveloped in a bright white light.  The emperor was
encased in a green metallic armor and in his hand was a glowing
green sword with a silver hilt.  “Don’t think I’m powerless
Kagato.”  Azusa chuckled.  “Behold the armor of leaves, the fury
of all my power.”
              The villian stood amused by the emperor’s display
of power.   “Impressive, but lets test that strength of yours.”


                   A calm cool breeze blew through the trees with
their bright pink bloom.   McGillion’s long dark cape waved in
the breeze as he made his way up the hill.   For a moment he
glanced across the green fields below and took in the view.   He
remembered it had so long since the last visit to planet Jurai.  
McGillion approaced a tall silver gate and fence along a field of
bright colorful flowers.   The display of bright colors looked
like woven quilt of green, red, blue, purple, and yellow.   The
gate stood tall, shining brightly in the sunlight.   From behind
the gate was a field littered with marble, ivory, and obsidian
tombstones line in rows and patterns.   Standing in the middle of
the first two rows of tombstones was a large statue of a young
knight with his sword held high made of pure marble over a small
pool of crystal clear water.   McGillion bowed his head and held
out his hand which began to glow with a green light.   The gate
swung open and McGillion slowly passed through, walking along a
gray path of smooth stone.
       “What was, will be once more.”  McGillion said to himself.
       McGillion walked down the path and in the distance stood a
crypt held with marble pillars with bright golden trim.  
Suddenly, he kneeled over in pain from his earlier wound by the
blade of Ryoko.  He took in a deep breath, knowing now the wound
was much more serious.   “I...won’t let this stop me.”  he
growled, rising to his feet.  “I won’t let the Juraians win, not
now, not ever.”  he said, clutching his left hand into tight fist
and slamming it into the ground.   The path cracked down the
center for serveral inches after the impact.
        Finally, he approached a doorway to the large crypt.  
Two juraian trees stood like guards in front of the doors.   The
doors were large with carved tree and leaf emblems, the symbols
of the royal family of planet Jurai.  With an inner hatred
McGillion held a hand out to each blooming tree. 
“Ztrach-na-reden!”  he shouted, as green blasts erupted from his
hands, blasting the two trees and shredding them to bits.   
McGillion laughed as the smoking pieces of the trees laid in
front of the door.   Waving his hand, the door opened to the
crypt as he approached.   Entering the doorway, he found himself
surrounded by more large ivory pillars attached to a marble
floor.  Several trees were within this large building and resting
below them was coffins of wood and stone.   Each of them beared
the emblems of the royal family and his eye caught a glimpse of a
tunnel to the right.  Holding his hands together, a bright red
light emerged.   The light seemed to pull him into the tunnel and
he knew that his search was nearing an end.  McGillion ceased his
magic and headed down the tunnel filled with serveral trees that
sickened him upon sight.  He didn’t care about destroying them
but rather conserving some of his power for the tasks ahead.
       Without warning, royal guardsmen leaped from the shadows
and surrounded the villian.  “Halt and place your hands in the
air!” one of them shouted.
        McGillion chuckled.  “Are you serious?”
        “Knives McGillion, under Jurai laws, I’m placing you
under arrest.” a guard said, approaching.  “Move and you die.”
         McGillion stepped toward the guard.  “Oops, guess you’ll
have to kill me now.”
         “You bastard!”  the guard shouted.  “Charge!”
          McGillion found himself being charged by brown and
purple uniform clad guards with wooden swords ready to slice him
to bits.  He laughed, spinning around slowly he uttered a few
words.  “Akna-slice!”  Like a small spinning top, he spun around
with green energy blades slicing every guard within range.  The
blades sliced each guard into serveral pieces and splattering
them into the walls and the nearby trees.   The last guard froze
as McGillion came out of his spin and leaped into the air,
unsheathing his dark Tenchi-ken.  The guard let out a blood
curdling scream as the dark blade shot forth with McGillion 
driving it into the skull and downward.   Blood started to
sprinkle from the guard’s head as he fell into two halves.   
McGillion de-energized the blade, placing it back into his belt
and laughed.   He glanced around the tunnel observering the
shredded corpses of the guards and was most amused by a few arms
and legs dangling from the branches.  “Now that’s what I call
blending into your enviroment.” he laughed.
        McGillion walked through the puddles of blood and
shredded flesh toward a light down the tunnel.   He soon entered
another chamber of the crypt containing serveral trees and
coffins.   On these coffins they rested upon stone pedestals and
each were marked in a different way and as he examined each one.  
Coming to the last one made of ivory and trimmed in gold, he
quickly recognized it.   His eyes saddened, placing both hands
against the lid.   Engraved on the lid was “Jalinia Hakubi,
friend to the Royal Family” and those dark memories stormed back
into McGillion’s head.   He turned away for a moment and then
using his strength, he shoved the  heavy lid off the ground,
breaking it in half.   The crashing echo filled the room for a
few seconds as he glanced inside.    He saw a beautifully
perserved body wrapped in fine buriel silks.  McGillion held
himself back from shedding any tears but his efforts were futile.  
He slowly opened the silk veil of Jalina and placed his hand
against her pale white face that once was filled with joy. 
McGillion hardly expected what he saw and marveled at how well
Juraians perserved their dead.   He remembered something about
the life water having some type of effect.
            “Its been too long my sister.” he said, placing his
hands on her shoulders.   McGillion stood back a few feet from
the coffin and held his hands forth.  “Mrotiak-lyu” he shouted.   
             With those words, the body of Jalinia rose from the
coffin into the air, enveloped in a blue light, floated toward
McGillion.   He continued to hold out his arms as the body
floated into them slowly.   McGillion smiled as if all his
troubles were now behind him.   He bowed his head for a few
moments and glanced around him.   “Yer-vul-nos” he shouted and
along with the body was enveloped in a bright light and
de-materialized.


            The long hallway of the palace stretched to the north
as the small green imp slowly flew down it.    Oogles remembered
being told to provide yet another distraction while Kagato took
care of the emperor.   He yawned slighty as he smiled at a few
piles of guards
sliced up, obviously Kagato’s work.     Nearing the end of the
hallway a door caught his eye beside a few paintings hung neatly
on the wall.   The little green imp gave a tiny laugh as he flew
to the door.   Without warning, the door swung open as the imp’s
eyes quickly grew wipe.  “Oh...!”  the imp screamed, as the door
smacked him against the wall.   Freeing himself from the newly
placed crack, the imp flew back from the door with an angry
expression.
            “OK, so you want to play rough, eh?”  the imp
shouted.
            A woman emerged from the door with a long, sky blue
pony tail draped behind her colorful cloak.   She yawned just a
bit and quickly focused her attention on the little green imp.  
Oogles watched as the woman’s ruby eyes grew wide and her smiled
brightened.  She reached out her arms to the little imp.
          “Oh...how cute!”  she said, smiling.  “Come to Misaki!”
           The imp quickly found himself in a giant bear hug as
Misaki wrapped her arms around his little body and squeezed.  
Oogles felt his breath slip away and for a moment thought every
bone in his body snapped all at once.  “Help...me...help!”  the
breathless imp tried to scream.  “I think...you just...snapped my
spinal cord.”  he said, just as Misaki let him go.   The
frightened imp fell to the ground, gasping for every breath of
air his lungs could hold.
          “You crazy woman!” he shouted.  “How dare you place
your deadly hug on this little imp!”
          Misaki’s warm smile quickly faded as she growled at
him.  “What did you CALL me?”
          Oogles flew into the air and hovered next to her face. 
“I said YOU’RE CRAZY!”
          Suddenly the imp found himself having his cheeks pulled
harshly by Misaki.   The imp struggled to free himself.  “What
are you?”  he asked her.  “You sent to kill me or something?”  
Oogles knew one thing and quickly flapped his wings and flew back
down the hall.   Misaki still angered by the imp’s insult, gave
chase.
         Oogles glanced behind him and seen Misaki right behind
him.  “As the earthlings say, SOMEBODY CALL 911!”  he shouted.


          “Nice block your majesty!” Kagato chuckled, as his
energy sword was blocked by the emperor’s sword.
           Azusa countered Kagato’s attack trying to deliever a
final blow to end the battle.  He charged Kagato and released
serveral energy attacks upon the villian.  Kagato dodged the
attacks and countered by firing bursts of green energy bolts at
Azusa only to see them bounce off the emperor’s armor.
          “You underestimated my power Kagato.”  Azusa laughed. 
“You had enough?”
          Kagato clutched his energy sword tighter, catching his
breath for a few moments.  He glanced at Azusa’s green armor with
a leaf emblem on the breastplate.  The armor was shiny and glowed
with green energy.   Kagato fired a few more energy bolts at
Azusa to only see them blocked by his blade.
           Funaho looked on in concern as she watched her husband
fight one of the most dangerous criminals to ever live in the
universe.   Azusa without an ounce of fear, walked toward Kagato.  
“You don’t have your gems to get you out of this one Kagato.”
            Kagato smiled and stepped back as bright green light
appeared before him.  McGillion holding the body of Jalinia
materialized from the light and grinned. 
           “Nice timing brother.”  Kagato chuckled.
           McGillion turned to his brother and placed the body of
Jalinia within Kagato’s hands.  “Hold her while I take care of
buisness.”
            Kagato nodded in reply.  “They’re all yours.”
            McGillion approached Azusa.  “Let me show you some
“real” power, emperor of Jurai.”   McGillion was surrounded by a
dark light that transformed him into his dark lighthawk armor. 
Five ragged blades surrounded his body and in his hand formed the
dark lighthawk sword.    He grinned evily at Azusa.  “First, I
want to show you something, observe this.”   McGillion held out
an empty hand and suddenly three red gems appeared and started to
glow brightly.
           Azusa glared at McGillion.  “So those are the gems
which match Jurai’s power.”
           McGillion laughed.  “They’re indeed but watch how they
modify my dark energy.”   The red gems flickered with energy as
they’re pulled into the blade of McGillion’s sword.   The gems
shine with a ruby red light and three more dark blades formed
around McGillion’s armor.
           Funaho gasped in fear.  “He has three of the gems, but
how?”
           “What the...” Azusa looked on.
           McGillion smiled at Azusa.  “OK, my turn to show you
some power!”  Like a shadow he darted at Azusa and thrusted the
blade into the emperor’s armor.   Azusa stood there like a
helpless child as the blade cracked his armor like a thin egg
shell.  The armor of Azusa glowed with white as the armor fell
off to the ground, breaking into tiny pieces.   McGillion grinned
and threw his fist beside the emperor’s head, knocking him to the
ground.
            “You fool.”  McGillion growled.  “I could kill you
now but I’ll let Dark Force do the honors.”
             Funaho in tears, kneeled before Azusa and held him. 
She glared at McGillion.  “You monster!”  she shouted.  “How DARE
you inflict this upon us Eric!”
             McGillion smiled, amused by Funaho’s words.  “You
remember me, I’m so touched.”
             Funaho glanced at the body that Kagato held within
his hands.  “I see what this is all about now.”  she sighed. 
“You really think that Dark Force will grant what you ask in
exchange for our destruction?”
              McGillion laughed.  “Well, well, we have ourselves
a real thinker.”  he said, turning away from her.  “He will grant
my request so don’t bother telling me any different.”
              Funaho shook her head.  “You realize not what YOU
do and will come to realize that once your eyes glanced upon the
true nature of that evil thing.”
             McGillion chuckled.  “I’m not concerned about your
old enemy and I couldn’t really give a damn what happens to your
whole planet.”
              Funaho slowly stood up, trying to pull Azusa away
from McGillion.  “Leave evil one, you have what you came for, now
go!”
              McGillion smiled as he formed an energy dagger
within his left hand.  “Give my regards to the afterlife Queen
Funaho.”  he said, launching the dagger at her.
              Suddenly, the ceiling caved in from above with the
debris knocking the dagger from the reach of Funaho.   Part of a
red spaceship followed through the debris and soon the whole room
was covered in dust and debris.   By some miracle the emperor and
the queen were still alive to McGillion’s disgust.   The two
villians coughed as they tried to glance through the smoke.   A
small light beamed down from the ship and quickly materalized
into a young woman with blonde hair wearing a mutli-colored
galaxy police battle suit.  In her hands was a large laser cannon
and she pointed it directly at Kagato and McGillion.
                “Halt right there!” she shouted.
                 Funaho, still coughing from the smoke managed a
smile.  “Thank you for coming to our rescue Mihoshi!”
                  McGillion smiled as the smoke began to clear,
amused by the laser cannon pointed directly at him.  “Look
brother, its Mihoshi, galaxy clutz!”
                   Kagato laughed.  “Thank you Mihoshi for
bungling with the Juraian blockade.”  he grinned.  “We could’ve
done it without your help.”
                   Mihoshi stomped her foot on the ground.  “That
WAS not entirely my fault!” she shouted.
                   McGillion glanced over to see his imp, Oogles
dart into the room behind him as he was being chased by an angry
Misaki.
                   “Save me master from that crazy woman!”  the
imp panted.  “She tried to kill me with her lethal hugs.”
                    “There YOU are!” Misaki growled at Oogles.
                    “Sister stay clear of here!”  Funaho shouted.
                     McGillion laughed.  “Well, I believe its
time to leave and as you know time seems to fly when you’re
having fun.”    McGillion ushered Kagato to the exit and followed
behind him running.
                      Mihoshi chased after them, only to fall
flat on her face as she tripped over a piece of debris.   With
some godly luck, the laser cannon hit the ground and went off,
blasting the ceiling and knocking down some debris, which in turn
hit the fleeing imp.   McGillion didn’t stop, instead laughed and
continued to flee the scene.   Mihoshi slowly stood to her feet
and rubbed her head.  “Owwie...” she said, coughing abit from the
remaining dust and smoke.


-----------------------------------------------------------------
author’s notes:
 
  Well, that wraps up chapter five.   Now that he has Jalinia’s
body and three of the gems, what will McGillion’s next move be?  
Also enter Dark Force and the goddess Tsunami in the next chapter
and will Mihoshi’s luck finally run out?   Will Oogles be
tourtured by an onslaught of Misaki hugs?  Tune in for the next
chapter of The Dark Blade Saga: No Need for Evil Resurrections!
   I also would like to thank everyone that has read my story
thus far.  This is my first Tenchi Muyo fanfic so feel free to
send me your comments.  More yet to come, and maybe I’ll even
finish this story by Halloween.  ^_^