The story, Knives McGillion, Jalinia, and Oogles are copyrighted by
me.  All other characters belong to AIC, Pioneer, etc.


                           DARK BLADE SAGA
                       (Chapter 4: A Dark Duel)

     The side of the mountain was bright green with blooming flowers
and tall trees.  Ryoko glanced at all the scenery around her as she
hovered beside Yosho.  She could’ve easily teleported to the
mountain’s top but she wanted to know more about McGillion.  Ryoko
remembered she only knew the voice when working under Gagato.  She
felt enraged at the thought that he once had enslaved her.  Ryoko
wanted revenge and now that he had hurt “her Tenchi”, the punishment
was death.   She glanced over at the calm Yosho dressed in his white
and light blue garments carrying the Tenchikan within his right hand. 
She smiled at him.  “So, how about a few answers to some questions of
mine?”
     Yosho managed a grin and smiled.  “Oh?”  he chuckled.  “What
might those questions be?”
     Ryoko stopped hovering and landed on the ground before Yosho. 
“What made McGillion hate the Jurai, because I don’t understand why he
blamed you guys for his sister’s death.”
     Yosho sighed.  “You see, after Jalinia’s death he began to change
for the worse.  The day of the funneral it was obvious about the
amount of pain he was in.  My father gave Jalinia a funneral with all
kinds of lovely flowers and a coffin fit for a queen.  Everyone
comforted Eric and any of us would’ve given him anything.  Then as my
father tried to place his hand on the shoulder of Eric, something
inside him snapped.  His eyes seem to glow with an inner rage and I’ll
never forget those words...”You’ll all pay for Jalinia’s death” and
with those words, he stormed out of the palace.”
      Ryoko paused in thought for a moment.  “That still doesn’t
explain why he would blame you guys.”
      Yosho chuckled.  “No, it doesn’t.”
      Ryoko growled.  “Then why?”
     “Dark magic is the blame.” Yosho said, staring at the sky. 
“After his sister’s death he practiced the dark arts, trying to find a
way to resurect Jalinia.”
      Ryoko nodded.  “Dark force must have infulenced him to kill you
guys.”  she grinned.  “He’s as much a pawn as I was to him.”
      Yosho chuckled.  “Exactly, that’s why I must confront him once
more.”
       Ryoko glanced ahead and standing before a large tree was the
dark villian himself, with his shining armor and black robes.  His
evil smile enraged Ryoko to form her red energy sword and battle suit. 
She stared into McGillion’s red eyes awaiting for his strike.
       “Are you ready to meet your demise Ryoko?”  McGillion laughed.
       Ryoko teleported in front of the villian with the tip of her
energy sword pointing at the villian’s heart.  “I’m ready to show you
my true power!” she shouted in his face.
       McGillion smirked and floated away to a nearby rock and landed
there, unsheathing his dark Tenchikan sword.  “You’ve learned nothing
Ryoko from the first time.”  he chuckled.  “I can’t be stopped with
all the dark power I have.”
        Yosho glanced at McGillion with a fierce look upon his brow. 
“Just listen to yourself Eric.”  he said.  “That same dark power has
corupted your vision.”
         McGillion smiled at Yosho and bowed before him.  “Welcome to
your everlasting nightmare!” he laughed.  “I’ve been corupted by no
such thing, only that my eyes have been opened.”
         Yosho drew the Tenchikan from his belt and stood by Ryoko
with the blue blade pouring forth.  “How could you’ve let those demons
talk you into taking revenge against the Juraians, when we had nothing
to do with your sister’s death?”  he sighed.  “I fought you once Eric
in hopes of showing you the light, but now its come to this.”
        McGillion nodded.  “Azusa...Tsunami...they never tried to help
her, but instead let my beloved sister lay at the foot of the tree.” 
he growled.  “After that I turned to dark magic and in a matter of
days I got awhole new perspective of things.”
        Ryoko glanced at Yosho.  “Don’t reason with this freak!”
        McGillion snickered at Ryoko’s words.  “Freak?” he laughed. 
“Oh yes, that would be me, Mr. Freak, pyscho, and what other words the
galaxy clowns call me.”
        Ryoko growled.  “I’m going to finish you once and for all!”
        McGillion glanced into Ryoko’s hate filled eyes and laughed. 
“Want to know how I got my powers?” he said, with a large evil grin. 
“I got them from all from the demon Dark Force.”
        Yosho was stunned by the words of McGillion as he approached
him.  “You’ve sold your soul!”
        McGillion waved his finger at Yosho and Ryoko.  “In order for
Dark Force to revive my sister I must eliminate you.” he laughed. 
“All Dark Force wants is to be released so he may eliminate the Jurai,
a small price in exchange for my sister’s life.”
        Yosho bowed his head in disgust at McGillion’s words.  “I see
your insanity now, and what plans you’ve laid out.”  he said,
clutching the Tenchikan tighter.  “My friend Eric died that dark day
at his sister’s side, and you foul creature, will be made to see the
light.”
         McGillion laughed, turning his back to Ryoko and Yosho. 
“Just think of the possiblities of having all the power in the
universe.” he smiled.  “Its true, the professor and you have nothing
to do with this, but the boy...killed my brother and will die like a
bug beneath my talons.”
      Ryoko clutched her energy sword tight and sliced a chunk out of
the nearby tree with a quick slash.  “Gagato deserved what he got and
this time I’ll make sure he’s dead for good.”
      McGillion turned and smiled wickedly at Ryoko.  “After I take
care of you, I’ll get the gems and then Dark Force will bring back my
sister and then I’ll watch you die before him as Azusa watched Jalinia
die.”
      Yosho approached McGillion and sighed.  “You fool, an evil force
would never honor such a bargin!”
       McGillion drew the dark Tenchikan and growled.  “Enough talk,
prepare to meet the power of Dark Force!”  The villian rushed at
Yosho, trying to thrust the blade of the dark sword through his heart. 
Yosho blocked McGillion’s initial strike and countered, narowly
missing the villian’s arm.  The black and blue blades collided in a
series of sparks as Ryoko tried an attack of her own only to be waved
off by Yosho.
        “Wait your turn!” Yosho shouted.  “Its between us for the
moment.”  Yosho evaded the thrusts of McGillion’s dark blade while he
countered with a few thrusts of his own.  With abit of luck, Yosho’s
sword clipped McGillion’s arm sending a few sparks to the ground. 
McGillion sneered at him and laughed.
         “Still quite the swordsman.”  McGillion chuckled.
         Yosho grinned.  “You’ve seen nothing yet.”
          McGillion snickered and grinned.  “Then how about this.”
McGillion darted backward to the large rock and opened his left hand,
sending a few energy bolts at Yosho.
Yosho darted right as the bolts crashed into the ground leaving a
large, smoking hole and spliting the nearby tree in half.  McGillion
fired a few more energy bolts at Yosho, who evaded them by leaping
into the air.  The villian growled and fired larger energy shots in
three well placed bursts.  Yosho concentrated, forming a lighthawk
wing that absorbed the first two blasts and using the sword, he
reflected the last shot back at McGillion.  McGillion growled as the
shot reflected back on him knocking him into the ground.  He slowly
stood on his feet as Yosho was staring at him, holding the Tenchikan
into a defensive position.  McGillion stood and dusted the bits of
rock and dirt that clinged to his robes and laughed.  The lighthawk
wing surrounded Yosho in a glowing white shield of energy as Ryoko
glanced over to McGillion with a delighted grin.
          “Had enough?” Yosho smiled.
          “I’ve only just started Yosho.”  McGillion laughed.  “I
underestimated your skills but no matter I can raise my power as
well.”
           McGillion put the Dark Tenchikan within his belt and placed
his hands together as in prayer.  A black light surrounded him,
producing serveral blades of dark energy that appeared around his
armor.  With an evil grin, a long dark blade formed in his hand with a
hilt colored like that of fresh blood.  McGillion turned to Ryoko and
laughed, pointing the blade of the sword to the sky.  “You’re not the
only people that can produce the lighthawk wings, but my version is
the darker, more powerful blades.”  he laughed.  “Now let’s test your
true power.”
          Ryoko glanced into the villian’s eyes and knew he had the
same fierce starre as her when she fought Yosho many years ago.  Ryoko
knew she wanted to help Yosho in his fight but deep down, her
instincts told her to wait.  With a flickering energy sword grasped
tight, she could only wait this one out.  Ryoko for a moment thought
of Tenchi and how much it pained her to see him get hurt and she
didn’t want this to happen again.  Ryoko had already witnessed the
power of McGillion and she wondered what fate Yosho had on this day. 
Ryoko glanced at Yosho, who stood like an iron wall with a fierce
stare with the Tenchikan held in front, awaiting for McGillion’s
attack.
     “Let’s end this charade.” McGillion said, charging him with the
blade of the evil lighthawk wings ready to strike.
      Yosho braced himself for the full impact, as he attempted to
block with his own shining lighthawk wing.   The two blades met,
sending out a blinding wave of light that made Ryoko shield her eyes.  
The jagged blade of the dark sword pierced the lighthawk wing of
Yosho’s sword, sending him back against the tree behind with a burst
of energy.  Yosho’s back met the tree and broke half of it off,
sending it down the mountain it would seem.  The Tenchikan broke free
of Yosho’s hand, bouncing to the ground as he laid there unconsious. 
Ryoko rushed over to Yosho, where she glanced at him and clutching her
fist she turned to McGillion.
     “You...”  she growled.  “I’m going to kill you.”
     McGillion glanced over at Yosho and laughed.  “You can’t beat me
Ryoko so why waste your pathetic existance?”
      Ryoko grit her teeth and held forth her glowing, red energy
sword.  “I can...I can beat you McGillion.” she grinned.  “You have to
fight me, look at my wrist.”  Ryoko showed him the embeded red gem in
her left wrist.
       McGillion glanced at the gem in all its shinning redish color
and nodded to her.  “Give me that gem and I promise not to kill you
too badly.”
       Ryoko laughed.  “The fight’s just begining and you’re sure
confident.”
       McGillion pointed the dark lighthawk blade at Ryoko and smiled. 
“Well then, bring it!”


         “How are you feeling Tenchi?” Ayeka smiled at Tenchi.
         Sasami and Ayeka watched Tenchi utter a smile and then he
sighed.  The wound on Tenchi’s arm still bothered him and yet he
ignored the pain, worrying about his grandfather and even Ryoko.  He
glanced at the crystal Yosho gave him and thought about the image
within it.  Tenchi slowly pulled himself up from the bed and glanced
over at Washu.  “I can’t stay in this bed when grandpa is in danger.”
         Sasami grabbed Tenchi’s arm and looked into his face.  “No
Tenchi, you’re still hurt.”
         Ayeka placed her arms around Tenchi and wept.  “Tenchi...if
anything happens to you...”
         Tenchi placed his feet on the floor and slowly stood up and
stumbled abit.  Washu looked at Tenchi with concern as did Mihoshi and
Tenchi’s father.  “Tenchi, what do you think you’re doing?” Washu
shouted at him.

         Tenchi grabbed the crystal and gem from the desk and
proceeded toward the doorway.  “I have to do something Washu.”
         Ayeka grabbed Tenchi by the arm.  “Tenchi!” she cried.
       Tenchi glanced into Ayeka’s ruby red eyes and placed his hand
on her shoulder.  “I have to save Ryoko and grandpa.”
       Ayeka shed a few tears down her face and looked into Tenchi’s
eyes.  “Tenchi please...”  Ayeka held grabbed Tenchi’s hand on her
shoulder.  “I can’t allow you to go alone.”  she said.  “I can’t allow
you or my brother to perish!”
       Sasami walked over to her sister’s side with a serious
expression stared at Tenchi.  “I’m coming too!”
       Washu nodded.  “Guess I’ll be coming along because I know Ryoko
will need all the help she can get.”
       Mihoshi cried out.  “I’m coming too Tenchi.” she smiled.  “As a
detective first class, its my duty to protect you from the criminals
of the universe.”
        Tenchi smiled.  “Let’s go!”


       Ryoko dodged the green energy bolts as they struck against the
ground.  She held forth her hand and fired a few red energy bolts at
McGillion with an evil grin.  McGillion absorbed the blasts with the
dark lighthawk wing shield and laughed.   Ryoko growled and charged
him with her red energy blade held forth.   She closed to within a few
feet of the shield and a blast of wind erupted from the shield and
knocked her back like a hurricane wind.   Ryoko smiled at the villian
and landed on the ground with her sword pointed at the villan.
       “Don’t think you’ve seen all my tricks.” she said, grinning.
       McGillion laughed.  “All pathetic if you ask me.”  he grinned. 
“Time to die Ryoko.”
        Ryoko concentrated, usuing her power combined with the single
gem, she placed her hands against a large rock.  The rock began to
swirl with a white light as a creature arose, snarling and growling. 
Ryoko knew she couldn’t control the creature without her other gems,
but it was a way of distracting McGillion.  She smiled evily at the
white shadowy demon with glowing red eyes as McGillion glanced at her.
        Ryoko laughed.  “Power from demons is something I have as
well.”
        McGillion stood amuzed by her words and chuckled.  “So it
would seem.”
        The demon attacked McGillion, reaching its claws out in rage. 
McGillion flew into air just as the demon charged him.   He glanced at
the demon below and fired a few green energy bursts from his hand. 
Ryoko fired a few of her own energy shots at the villan, hovering
behind the demon.  McGillion dodged Ryoko’s blasts, making his attack
upon the demon fail.
        Ryoko grinned evily.  “What do you think of this PATHETIC
Ryoko now?”
        McGillion growled as he charged the demon like a torpedo.  The
demon reached out to claw the villan as McGillion split the creature
in two with a thrust from the dark Tenchikan.  McGillion grinned as he
sped toward Ryoko, who evaded his attack by teleporting behind him.  
She countered by firing a few energy blasts that were absorbed upon
impact by McGillion’s shield.
         “Damn you...” she growled.
          McGillion grinned.  “Sticks and stones will break my bones,
but your powers will never hurt me.”
          Ryoko hovered above the ground and held her glowing energy
sword in front with a grin.  “Let’s see if I have any sticks and
stones.”
          McGillion motioned for her to attack him.  “Well then by all
means come and get me.”


           Tenchi rushed up the trail along the mountain’s side
followed by Ayeka, Sasami, Washu, and Mihoshi in close persuit.  Th
trees were in full green bloom along with bright colored flowers.  A
few stones marked the trail up the mountain.  Glancing at the
mountain’s top, several flashes of red and green light and sounds of
explosions went off.  Tenchi wondered if Ryoko and his grandfather
were alright.  The thought of Ryoko and Yosho being seriously hurt
gave Tenchi the strength to quicken his pace up the mountain.
          “Do you think Ryoko and grandpa are ok?” Sasami asked Ayeka.
          “We can only hope Sasami.” Ayeka replied.
          Tenchi stopped for a moment to catch his breath and clutched
his aching arm for a moment.  Ayeka came to his side and he noticed
for the first time today her bright atire.  Ayeka wore her bright
green, brown, and white Juraian komono.  Her shiny purple hair and
ruby red eyes seemed to sparkle in the sun’s rays.  For a moment
Tenchi had forgotten about how pretty the girls around him were. 
Perhaps he was taking things for granted.  The thoughts of Yosho and
Ryoko being hurt or even dead lingered in his mind.  Deep down he knew
if anything happened it he would blame himself.  He kept saying within
his mind, “Ryoko, if anything has happened to you.”  His heart cared
for all the girls deep down even though that sometimes they got on his
nerves.    Ryo-Ohki meowed at Tenchi in concern for him.  Ahead a few
more flashes of green and red lights occured along the trees and
trail.
          Washu watched the flashes for a minute as they ceased.  “My
daughter is still at it.”
          Tenchi sighed.  “I hope she’s ok.”
          Ayeka had a minor angery expression on her face as she
glanced at the trail.  “Ryoko got herself in this.”
           A worried Sasami placed her hand on Tenchi’s shoulder. 
“You’re going to save her, right?”
            Tenchi replied with a nod and continued up the trail
followed by the others.


            Ryoko jumped back to evaded the blasts of green energy
erupting from McGillion’s hand.  She growled and fired back a few red
energy blasts as the two continued to exchange blasts.   McGillion
rushed at Ryoko, thursting the Dark Tenchikan forth narely scrapping
the arm of Ryoko as she moved to the side.  A small trickle of red
blood oozed down her arm as she countered the sword thrust but her
energy sword just bounced off the shield of McGillion.  Ryoko hovered
back a few feet, holding the wound on her arm.
      “What...are you?” she growled.
      McGillion grinned , turning toward her with his sword held in
front.  “Your worst nightmare.”
       Ryoko growled fiercely.  “Don’t think I’ve given up!”
       McGillion smiled at her and cackled.  “I’m through playing and
now its time to say your prayers.”   With those words McGillion glowed
with a dark light and once more formed his dark lighthawk armor and
sword.  His silver armor was surrounded by blades of dark light and
held within his right hand was a ghastly blade of darkness with a hilt
made of bleached bone.  McGillion glanced at Ryoko and grinned. 
“Shall we dance to the tune of death?”  he laughed.
        Ryoko fired a powerful, red energy blast from both of her
hands toward the villian.  “Die!” she shouted.
        McGillion stood his ground as the beam approached him and
laughed.   The red energy hit the shield and the dark energy absorbed
it.  Ryoko growled at her latest attack, failing once more.   She
wondered how much more energy was left within her.   Ryoko fired a few
more energy bolts at the dark shield, only for the attack to meet the
same fate.  She watched McGillion yawn out and wink at her.  “Damn
it.” she thought.  “How much power does this guy have.”
        “Are you through with your pathetic attacks?”  he chuckled. 
“I have other things to attend you stupid woman.”
         Ryoko took in a few breaths and met his laughter with an
angry stare.  “I’m not THROUGH yet!” she grinned.  “You’ll see metal
man who’s stupid now!”
         McGillion grinned.  “You poor pitful thing, well you asked
for it!”  Serveral blasts of dark energy shot from the shield like
small bolts of lightning.  Ryoko waited until the blasts were upon
her, then with a grin, faded into the ground.   McGillion growled and
glanced around as Ryoko appeared to have vanished from the scene. 
Suddenly, she emerged from behind as the villian scanned out through a
few trees.  Concentrating all her energy, Ryoko drove the red blade of 
her sword into the shield of McGillion.  However, to her shock the
blade became logged within the shield and dematerialized.   McGillion
grinned as a blast of wind knocked Ryoko back.   She slammed a nearby
tree hard, bursting the it instantly in half.
        “What...are...you?” Ryoko said, trying to pull herself up.
        McGillion hovered over to Ryoko, glancing down on her beaten
up body.  He laughed and beamed a smile upon her hate filled face.  “I
must say, I do admire you for trying but as I’ve said...YOU can’t
win.”  he said.  “On your way to hell, heaven, or whatever you believe
in, tell them Knives sent you, OK?”
        Ryoko growled as McGillion started to raise his blade to
strike, then a shout echoed through the trees.
         “Ryoko, grandpa!” a voice shouted.
         A few tears filled the eyes of Ryoko as she knew the voice
was Tenchi’s.  She tried once more to pull herself up as she heard the
sounds of footsteps approaching.   Ryoko watched as Ryo-Ohki came into
the view and scurried to her side, hissing at the villian.  McGillion
growed at the cabbit and clutched his left hand into a fist.  “Go away
you stupid fur ball before I decide to have cabbit suprise.” 
McGillion said.   The small cabbit paid no attention to the villian’s
words,  standing at Ryoko’s side hissing even more.
       “McGillion!” a voice shouted.  “Don’t you dare do her any
harm!”   Tenchi came running up the path toward Ryoko with Ayeka,
Mihoshi, Sasami and Washu in close persuit.  Tenchi approached the
villian and suddenly he noticed the body of his grandfather lying
against a nearby tree.  “What have you done to grandpa!?” Tenchi
demanded.
        Ayeka glanced at Yosho’s body and cried out.  “Yosho!” she
screamed.  “What have you done with my brother you monster!”  Ayeka
ran to her brother’s side and held him within her arms.  “Yosho!” she
said.  “Speak to me brother!”  Ayeka grabbed Yosho’s wrists and she
breathed a sigh of relief feeling a pulse.
        Sasami was in tears standing beside Washu and Mihoshi. 
“Ryoko!” she cried out.
 Sasami started to run toward Ryoko and was quickly grabbed by her
shoulder by Washu.  “No Sasami, its too dangerous!”
        Sasami’s tear filled face glanced into Washu’s.  “But...”
        Mihoshi in her galaxy police battlesuit approached McGillion.  
She had a galaxy police blaster pointed at the villian’s head. 
“Freeze!” she shouted.  “Knives McGillion, drop your weapons and hands
in the air!”
        McGillion turned toward the galaxy police officer and
chuckled.  “Well, well, it’s the ditz herself!”  he laughed.  “Are you
going to shoot me with your little ray gun?”
        Mihoshi stood her position with the blaster still pointed. 
“Don’t come any closer or I’ll shoot you, now surrender!” she shouted.
        McGillion snickered at her words and moved one step toward
her.  “Oops, moved a step!”
         Mihoshi fired a few blasts from her gun only to watch them be
absorbed into McGillion’s dark shield.  Her face had a fearful
expression as the villian grinned while the continous blasts from the
pistol had no effect.  “Uh oh.” she uttered.
         McGillion fired a green blast at Mihoshi with Tenchi diving
toward her pushing both him and her away.   The blast struck overhead
them, crashing into a nearby tree, shearing it in half.  While Tenchi
and Mihoshi hit the ground, the crystal he was holding came lose,
bouncing to the ground.   The crystal’s final bounce caused it to set
off a glowing light and suddenly an image of a young woman was
projected from it.   McGillion focused his attention to the image and
to Ryoko’s surprise the dark shield and blade dematerialized.   Tenchi
slowly pulled himself up along with Mihoshi.
          “Are you OK Mihoshi?” Tenchi asked her.
          Mihoshi wiped some dirt from her face and smiled slightly. 
“Yeah...I think so.” she replied.
          McGillion watched the image of the girl laughing and
dancing.   His head bowed as he approached the image.  “Jalinia...”
           Ryoko growled and with all her might, she reformed her
energy sword.  She rose to her feet and with an inner anger clutched
the sword tight.  “With my strength...I’ll KILL you!”  Ryoko flew from
the broken tree, thrusting the energy blade through McGillion’s back. 
The blade shattered part of the back armor and tore through the robes,
erupting from the front.   Ayeka, Sasami, and Tenchi gasped as they
witnesed the blade sticking out from McGillion.
      “Argh...I’ve...”  McGillion uttered.
      Ryoko pressed her hand to McGillion’s back, glowing with a red
light.  “For Tenchi...for Yosho...meet the darkness!”  A blast of
energy shot forth, throwing McGillion threw serveral trees then his
body tumbled a few more feet coming to a rest with abit of gray smoke
arising from the blackened armor.   Ryoko sighed and collasped to her
knees with hands pressed to the ground.  Ryo-Ohki scurried to Ryoko’s
side looking on in concern.
      Tenchi rushed to Ryoko’s side and held her within his arms as
Ayeka glanced at the both of them.  “Ryoko...”  he said.
      Ryoko reached out and pressed her left hand against Tenchi’s
cheek and smiled with a bruised face.  “I did it...Tenchi.”  she said
softly.  “I beat him.”
       Tenchi picked her up off the ground.  “Hang in there Ryoko.”  
With those words, Ryoko fainted  in Tenchi’s arms, obviously exhausted
from her battle.   Yosho began to awaken in Ayeka’s arms as Sasami ran
over to Tenchi.
       “Ryoko!” she cried.
        Washu placed a hand on Sasami’s shoulder.  “Don’t worry
Sasami.” she smiled.  “Ryoko’s going to be fine.”
        “She’s going to be OK!”  Sasami cried.
         Washu nodded.  “She’s exhausted from using so much power but
that’s my girl!”
         Ayeka smiled as Yosho’s eyes slowly opened.  “Yosho!” she
cried.
         Tenchi glanced over to Ayeka.  “Grandpa ok?”
         “What...happened.”  Yosho said, taking a deep breath.
          Ayeka hugged Yosho and smiled.  “We’re here with you!” she
said.  “Ryoko killed McGillion.”
          Yosho placed a hand on his aching head and started to pull
himself up.   Ayeka helped him slowly to his feet.   Yosho felt woozy
as he glanced at the smoking armor of McGillion and turned toward the
flickering image of the crystal as it finally faded.  “The
crystal...you used it.” he said, coughing slightly.
           Tenchi chuckled.  Yeah, well it kind of activated when it
fell out of my hand.”
           Washu smiled.  “We got lucky but in this case I’m prepared
not to argue.”
           Mihoshi smiled at Tenchi.  “I hope Ryoko’s going to be
fine.
           Suddenly, they heard a few coughing sounds coming from
McGillion.  The villian rose on all fours, spewing droplets of blood
onto the ground.   Ayeka cringed in anger and suddenly erupted into
her purple and black battlesuit.  She clutched her hands into fists
and approached him while Tenchi looked on.  “I’ll NOT let you live!”
she shouted.  “How DARE you harm Yosho, Tenchi, and even Ryoko!”  
Ayeka formed her protective shield and prepared to strike the final
blow.
          “You’ll not kill him this day or any other!”  a voice echoed
from above.
         Ayeka cringed.  “That voice...it can’t be!”
          Washu glanced above.  “Gagato!”
          The voice laughed out.  “Hello Professor.”
          Mihoshi glanced over to Yosho to see his angry expression. 
“Oh my.” she said.
          “Well, I figured we’d see you at some point.” Yosho grinned.
         The villian Gagato materialized overhead with an evil grin,
hovering above his fallen brother.  “Of course Prince Yosho.” he
chuckled.  “You may think you’ve won but think again.”   With those
words the body of McGillion rose into the air beside Gagato and
dematerialized.  “Next time we meet prepare to die Juraian scum!”  
Gagato dematerialized into a blue light that flew upward with great
speed.
          “You can bet we’ll see those two again real soon.”  Washu
chuckled.
          Yosho nodded.  “We’ve only seen a small fraction of their
power and there’s no telling what they’ll do next.”
          Mihoshi approached Tenchi and smiled.  “Tenchi, you and
Ayeka take care of Ryoko while I persuit them.”
           Ayeka transformed back into her regular attire.  “Mihoshi?”
she questioned.
           Mihoshi saluted them.  “Its my duty as a detective first
class!” she smiled.  “Besides I can let you know where they’ll be.” 
she said, pulling out a glowing cube and turning it.   A red spaceship
came roaring overhead them and Mihoshi waved as she faded into a red
light ascending to the ship.   Tenchi and the rest glanced up as the
ship sped up into the sky.
           Tenchi sighed.  “Well, lets go back to the house.” he said,
glancing down on Ryoko.
           Ayeka noticed the Tenchikan lying  beside a tree.  She
picked up the sword and glanced over at Tenchi while moving toward
him.  “Here’s your sword Lord Tenchi.” she said, smiling.
           Tenchi smiled at Ayeka as he carried Ryoko with others
walking behind to the house.


           Gagato glanced down upon his brother resting on the medical
table.  Oogles finished wrapping bandages around the villian’s wounds.  
All his armor lay stacked on the floor beside.   Gagato wondered what
could’ve went wrong.   McGillion’s long black hair sparkled as his
grayish completetion made Gagato wonder if his brother was a demon
himself.   McGillion coughed, awaking as Oogles finished dressing the
wounds.  His dark eyes opened and he began to sit up.
           “Where...am...I?” he asked.
           Gagato bowed before him.  “Back aboard your ship brother.”
           McGillion noticed his armor on the floor and collected the
pieces, placing his helm back on his head.   “Where...is Ryoko?”
           Gagato sighed.  “You’re lucky those wounds are not fatal.”
           McGillion growled.  “I fell to a petty trick THAT will
NEVER happen again.”  he said, slamming his fist into the table.  “How
dare they use the image of our beloved sister against me!”
           Gagato gasped.  “An image?”
           McGillion nodded.  “They’re a tricky bunch but due to this
set back we’ll have to alter our plans.”
            Gagato grinned.  “What do propse we do now?”
            McGillion smiled at Gagato with his evil grin.  “Let’s
worry about the body recovery first and then we can go after the
gems.”
            Gagato nodded.  “Jurai has strong defenses and the galaxy
police will surely interfere.”
            McGillion patted his brother on the shoulder.  “Don’t
worry,  I have that figured out.”
            Oogles hovered over to McGillion and bowed.   “Shall I set
a course for the Jurai master?”
            McGillion nodded.  “At once, as I’m still weak, you two
will have to recover the body.”
            Gagato bowed.  “And what will you do?”
             “I’ll keep the military of Jurai busy.” McGillion
grinned, walking through the doorway.
             Gagato laughed.  “This ought to be fun.”


              McGillion walked down the dark hallway with a wicked
smile upon his face.  Even though he’d tasted defeat his confidence
became even stronger.  McGillion stopped in front of the large glass
pane that seperated him from space.  He watched as the bright blue,
green, white, and brown ball that was Earth slowly disappear as the
ship moved began its journey to Jurai.
              “Ryoko...I look foward to when we meet again.” he said,
laughing even though his wounds were very sore.  He placed a hand over
his wound and kneeled over for a minute and growled in pain. 
“Ooh...I’m going to shred somebody for this.” he grinned.  “Look out
Jurai, McGillion’s coming to town.”   A loud cackle echoed throughout
the ship.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Author’s notes:  Out of all my chapters thus far, this one took me a
bit to write. ^_^    I hope that all you Ryoko fans liked this
chapter, at least I hope so.  This is my first Tenchi fanfic and I’m
really enjoying writing this thing.   Big thanks to anyone that has
read my story so far and sent me any comments.