                         Daughter of Darkness-A Different Point of View
                                         Chapter One: The Coming of Two
                                                By Locke Gilderthorn
                                                beergood@hotmail.com

The galaxy is a marvelous place: with infinite masses of worlds with
infinite masses of peoples and cultures. Most amazing of these is the
Juraian Empire, which controls an entire third of the galaxy, including
the Solar System.

Its only inhabitable world, Earth is the hub of all sentient life in the
Milky Way. Centuries before the religious martyr and figure head Jesus
Christ was born, a race of humanlike apes discovered the ionic polarity
engine, and its many uses. Faster Than Light Travel came only 286 years
after that.

Even more stupefying, is the attractiing of massive reports of unwanted
and sometimes forbidden acts of interacting with the primitive locals of
the Planet Sol, Earth.

A rip in the fabric of space, a FTL tunnel opening for a ship, spewed
out a gigantic vesel of fascinating proportions. It was reminiscent of a
certain 5,000 year old space pirate, arcane and sinister, but in no way
malevolent to anyone or anything.

Entering the bridge of the ship, a woman quietly walked towards the
captain and pilot of it, querrying of the reason she was needed.

"Ka-san, How may I serve you?" she said with a bow at the hips.
With a knowing smile, the pilot responded, "Would you mind getting me a
cup of tea, Shokuro?"
The woman bowed again and said as she turned and left, "At once,
Ka-san."
"Morokajo?" The pilot asked no one.
A domed head with two optic sensors sprouted out of a bulkhead on a
motivating actuator rod.
"Yes, Master Ka-san?" it replied.
"Check the outer sensors for a beacon from the Planet Sol, please,
Morokajo." He commanded.
"Yes, Ka-san." The droid head replied
"And Morokajo, scan for the presence of my brother."
The woman came back with the pilot's tea.
"Thank you, Shokuro-san." he said with an appreciating nod and smile.
"Is that all, Sir," Shokuro asked with a smile.
"No, arrigato. But, have a nice day." He answered.
"Domo Arrigato Gozamaisu, Ka-san." Shokuro said with a bow at the hips
again.
The pilot sighed as she left, marveling at the wonders of synthetics
these days.

"Master Ka-san, there is neither a beacon nor a sign of your brother
from Planet Sol. Gomen Nasai."
"No need for appologies, Morokujo. You did all in your skills, and I am
grateful. Take a break, Morokujo. I need some time to think."
"Domo Arrigato, Sir." The droid said, and slipped back into its niche in
the bulkhead.

He sat in the pilot chair, idly pressing keys. A larger view of a planet
came on screen. The planet Earth.

He watched the world spin on its axis for a while before switching on
the drive and comm system at the same time.
"Beginning descent into atmosphere," He said with calm concern. "Secure
all persons."
He pressed forward on the thrust mechanism.

On the planet itself, an insignificant human in status, but significant
to his friends, walked down the steps leading up to a Shinto shrine. A
gust of wing ruffled his hair, and made him still for a moment.

Amber eyes opened and look at Tenchi Masaki, who slowly turned around. A
girl was sitting on the shrine steps, where no one sat a moment ago.
She stood up and descended the steps until she was at the same level as
Tenchi. She looked up, her amber eyes capturing him.
"Daddy?" She said with a smile
He cringed in fear for a moment as a drop of sweat appeared on his
brow....

The ship soared low over the shrine, over trees, searching for a place
to land.

Katsuhito came out of the paper shrine door, looking for the source of
the noise. A ship built very much like The Soja was settling into an
empty meadow inbetween some trees.
"Hmmm..." He thought.

Adjutant Advisor Dronel Tomen sat at his station, monitoring outer
events. Just trees and local mammals doing whatever trees and animals
did.

What I wouldn't give, thought Adjutant Advisor Tomen, for just a little
piece of action instead of all these archeological missions on his own
free time.  The Jonas, as the ship was called, had well enough officers
to keep things from falling apart too bad, at least for a little while.
But the captain likes to have all his crew for a mission like this,
especially when he needs a leg to fall back onto if the find goes foom.

Tomen didn't know what KIND of family problems the boss was having, but
he didn't care either. That's when the emergency klaxxons went off as an
explosion rocked the ship from the outside in.

Dar'To'De flew his Interceptor at an attack angle and fired his proton
cannons, a feeling of exhiliration at destroying something beautiful and
useful. He wound around for another pass as his fighter erupted in a
ball of searing fire and debris....

Jaren Traal, head artilleryman fired her placement cannons at the
Mangalore fighters zooming around outside the Jonas, letting loose their
own volley of beam weapons.
"Cripes!" She shouted to her partner, an Arcturian tripod named D'n'm
Aj'ke. "There must be twenty at least!"
D'n'm Aj'ke agreed with a leonine roar of challenge at the small
Mangalore fleet.

With two shots, Jaren got three, and her partner blasted eight more, his
third eye closed as to concentrate with the other two with the homo
sapiens configured cannons.

"Fraggin' Scum-sucker!" Jaren shouted, "Denim, I'm out!"
D'n'm had enough for twelve more shots, and used them wisely. The
remaining energy went airborn, destroying sixteen more Mangalore
Interceptors. The attack ended, the crew of the Jonas 37, Mangalore
squadron, six. The six crewmen unlucky enough to get killed were placed
in deep freeze for the return trip home to be give a proper burial.

D'n'm Aj'ke, like all Arcturians, felt the pain of dying things around
him, and growled in remorse. Jaren rubbed one of his three shoulders
comfortingly.
"Its over Denim, we got the bastards. We made 'em pay." She said.
He lowed a resonse and put his right arm around her two armed frame.
His answer was the equivalent of "Let's go geta beer."
"Okay, but I'm payin' this time." Jaren said with a friendly punch to
his chest.

The pilot was upset extremely at the loss of six of his crew, but knew
their deaths weren't for naught. Thay fought valiantly against the
Mangalore assault, protecting the Jonas at all costs.

He drew his sword from its sheath and stuck the tip of it in the ground
in his planet's version of "I claim this land...," from his ancestors of
old.

It wasn't really a claim of the planet Earth, just a ceremonial whatnot
He liked to observe now and again as he touched down on a world he'd
never been to.

His sword, a ancient relic of high value was handed down to hi from his
grandfather. It looked like an old pirate's cutlass, the hilt even more
convincing. It was sharp and dangerous looking, certain areas with
cliffing spikes and notches. It was a powerful weapon, still aiding its
weilder unto victory.

No other crewmen came with him, only Shokuro, his synthetic aide
followed silently. He heard no sound other than the aftershocks of the
destroyed fighters. The forest surrounding the Jonas fell quiet. Shokuro
spoke up.

"I'm getting signals of life from that direction," She said pointing to
the east.
"Then we shall procede that way." the pilot/captain said.

Tenchi stood outside his house, nervously holding the bucket of
cleansers. His stuation was as bad as ever. Yet another girl clung to
him, seeking his affection...

How will the girls handle this? He thought. Good things come to those
who wait, Tenchi, he thought without humor.

The two arrived at the shrine, calmly walking on the path littered with
pine needles. Katsuhito met them halfway up the stairs who bowed at the
hips. The pilot drew his sword and knelt lay it horizontal to
Katsuhito's feet. He recognized it as the universal greeting among
royalty and important people everywhere. "Rise." Katsuhito said. the
pilot did so.

"Greeting, I am an archeologist to the Royal Space Acamdemy division. On
behalf of the denizens of the Universe, I reveal to you, an Earthling of
the existence of life in the-" He cut off suddenly and concentrated of
the old man's face. Realization kicked in the pilot's brain.

"Yosho of Jurai. Your Majesty," He said, bowing placing his forehead on
the back of his hands.

Katsuhito rolled his eyes and cleared his throat. The pilot looked up.
Katsuhito raised an eyebrow, hands behind his back. "Please, don't do
that." He said.

The pilot regained his composure and sword, sheathing it. "You are not
Yosho of Jurai?" He asked confused.

"I am," Katsuhito replied, "But I wish to stay anonymous among others."

A moment of silence ensued, both men looking each other in the eye.
Katsuhito wondered what sights the pilot had seen and experienced. "For
what reason have you come here, and what is your name?" He asked the
pilot.

"I am searching for my brother, Gota to put him to death. My name...is
Kagato."
