Disclaimer:  I do not own any of the characters of Tenchi Muyo!  They are owned by AIC and Pioneer North America.  I did not create them, and their use here is strictly for the enjoyment of myself and anyone who gets bored enough to read this.  In other words: Please don't sue my poor ass.


Tenchi Muyo!
Death Steps Out for a Cigarette
by the Loneshark

	He stretched back, and sat down against an ash-gray tree.  It felt good to just relax for once, and get away from the hassle.  To just sit back and not worry about anything.  He pulled out a cigarette, and lit it up.  The burning smoke filled his lungs.  He held the feeling for a moment, and then exhaled through his nostrils.  The other side of life rarely saw such moments of peace.  When he thought about it, it almost made him laugh.  In a little spot of reality that the living did not and could not know, the Minister of Death was taking a smoke break.  It was a post he was content to live with, but at it's core, he was just the head desk-jockey of the afterlife.
	"Minister!"  He shook his head at the familiar cry of his assistant, Mann.  The young official ran up, pausing to catch his breath.  "Sir... Sir Minister..."
	"I just can't get a break around here, can I, Mann?"
	Mann took a deep breath, "Sorry to disturb you, sir, but there's an emergency."
	"There always is."
	"I wish you would take this more seriously, sir.  A soul has gotten loose."
	The Minister took a drag on the cigarette, and sighed.  "One of the usual trouble-makers, I suppose?"
	Mann shook his head, "No sir, it was... Rakshasa."  As Mann spoke the name, the Minister had taken another drag.  He coughed and hacked in suprise.
	"Rak... no.  Why did it have to be that?  Anyone but that... demon!"

***

October 19th, 2003

	"Ryoookoo?"  The voice chimed her name.  She didn't want to wake up, to just sit here a little longer with her eyes closed.  She swung a fist, but hit only air.  "Come on, now.  Get up."  Shadow stood a safe distance away from the bed.  "The early hawk gets the serpent, or something like that."  Ryoko buried her face in her pillow, and mumbled something inaudible.  "Flatter me all you like, you're going to get up and come to breakfast.  You know Mistress will be upset if she goes to school without seeing everyone gets breakfast."
	Ryoko lifted her head up.  "Why can't you just use her name, for once?  Have you forgotten that it's Sasami?"
	">Mistress< Sasami."
	Ryoko growled.  "Fine.  All right.  I'll be right down."  Shadow Dog melted into his element, leaving the room quiet.  Ryoko's hand reached out beside her, but she only felt an empty space in the rest of the bed.  She looked up, wearily.  "Where's Tenchi?"

***
	
	"Where's Ryoko?"  Sasami looked around the table.  Mihoshi and Kiyone would be back from a late-night call any minute now, and Tenchi had to go to the shrine early with Yosho, but everyone else was here.  Except for Ryoko.
	"Don't worry, Mistress," Shadow's voice echoed in her head.  "She'll be down soon enough.  She just has another slight hangover."
	Sasami shook her head, and smiled.  "I guess that'll never change."
	"Morning!"  The high, cheerful sound of Mihoshi's voice caught Shadow off guard.  He actually jumped, forcing a small chuckle out of Washu.  The Guardian narrowed his eyes at her, and she stuck her tongue out.  "Gosh, I'm hungry!"  Mihoshi sat down next to Shadow Dog, who moved over a space.
	"Mihoshi, do you have to be so cheerful?"  Kiyone sat down next to her.
	"Good morning, Mohishi,"  Shadow said.  "Morning, Legs."  Kiyone threw a chopstick at him.  It hit him in the forehead, and he went down.
	"And he's down like a prize-fighter!"  Washu held up two fans with the japanese flag printed on them.
	"You really are getting better at hitting him, Kiyone,"  Ayeka congratulated her.  Mayuka cheered on from her aunt's lap.
	"Why am I always the punch-bag?"  Shadow rubbed the fresh bruise on his head.  He cried out in pain as Ryoko's fist came down on his head.
	"Because you take a beating so well," Ryoko laughed, and settled down next to Ayeka.  Mayuka reached for her.
	"Mama!"  She jumped into Ryoko's lap, and wrapped her small arms around her neck.  Ryoko hugged her back.  
	"How are you today, Mayuka?"
	"Ah, hungry!"
	Sasami took one last look around the table, and smiled.  "Well, as long as everyone gets breakfast, I'll get going."  She picked up her school bag and headed for the door.  Everyone waved as she left.  "Oh, and Washu, don't forget to make lunch!"  She called back before finally leaving.
	Washu grumbled.  "Forget one time and they never let you live it down."  She poked at her fish.
	"Where's Tenchi?  I haven't seen him all morning," Ryoko asked.
	"Yosho wanted to see him at the shrine early," Ayeka told her.  "I guess it's something very important."
	"It's always something important with Yosho," Shadow mumbled around some rice in his mouth.  "He's been serious as long as I've known him."
	Mihoshi looked at her sleepy partner.  "Are you okay, Kiyone?  You look beat."
	"Of course I'm beat.  You should be, too!"  She moaned, and buried her face in her hands.  "If these late night emergency calls don't stop, I'll never get a decent night's sleep."
	"Ah, the price you pay for the safety and order of the galaxy's citizens," Shadow half-recited an obsucre passage from one of the many Galaxy Police manuals.  He dodged the bowl of rice that Kiyone threw.  "Didn't get me that--"  He didn't dodge the bowl of soup.

***

	"I really wish they'd stop treating me like a punching-bag,"  Shadow mumbled as he washed the dishes.  He missed washing them with Sasami, but she was at school most of the day.  The Guardian sighed.
	"Well, stop making bad jokes, then, you jerk!"  He stiffened at the sound of Kiyone's voice.  
	He looked his shoulder at her.  "Shouldn't you be sleeping, or something?"
	Kiyone sat down on the counter next to him.  Her eyes were bloodshot, something no one had seen in a long time.  "I don't see how anyone can sleep with the way Mihoshi snores."  
	There was a small, uncomfortable pause before Shadow was able to speak.  "Um, Kiyone...?"
	"Uh?  What is it?"  Her eys were almost shut.
	"I'm... sorry for the way I've acted.  It's just so... boring.  Ever since Mistress Sasami started school, I've been lonely."
	"How the hell could you be lonely?  You're in a house with ten people!"
	He shook his head.  "I guess you don't understand.  You're never lonely, you always have Mihoshi with you."
	"That's not a good thing."
	He shrugged.  "Maybe.  I remember what it was like with her.  But you actually enjoy looking after her."  Kiyone's face turned red.  "Don't think I didn't notice.  I'm a very good judge of character.  But, when Mistress Sasami is nearby, I can feel her.  Her and Tsunami.  It's comforting.  I always have their presence in the back of my mind.  I'm never alone when they're nearby."
	"Hm.  How can you be so open about this?"
	He shrugged.  "Well, like I said, it's lonely when they're not around."  He took the plate hanging in air, and began to wash it.  "Thank you.  I don't think I could properly explain to you what it's like.  I..."
	Kiyone hadn't handed him the plate.  He looked at Kiyone, who was staring at the other side of the sink.  Her face was pale.  Shadow turned his head, and raised an eyebrow.  A young boy sat on the counter, smiling.  For once, Shadow was at a loss for words.  The young boy waved, and dissapeared.
	Shadow Dog looked at Kiyone.  "What do you think that was?"  Kiyone's face turned blue, and her head fell back against the wall.
	The impact jolted her upright, and she began to fall forward.  Shadow cried out, and caught her before she fell to the floor.  He grunted under her weight.  "Geez, Kiyone!  Couldn't you maintain a little composure?"  He pushed her back up onto the counter.  "And maybe lose a little weight, while you're at it," he muttered under his breath.

***

	Tenchi wiped his brow.  It was unusually warm for autumn, and he'd had a long morning.  He sighed with relief when the house came into view.  It would be lunchtime, in a couple of hours.  He wondered if Washu would remember to actually make lunch, this time.  
	"Daddy!"  Tenchi stopped, and looked around.  He'd heard Mayuka's voice.  Or, he thought he had.  She was nowhere in sight.  Tenchi started to walk back down the steps of the shrine.  "Daddy?!"  There was more urgency in his daughter's voice, this time.  Tenchi looked up, only to see Mayuka fall onto him.  His daughter wrapped her arms around his neck as he fell back onto the steps.  
	He moaned in pain, and looked up.  Mayuka giggled, sitting on his chest.  "Daddy fell down," she said, and looked up.  Tenchi followed her gaze, and saw Ryoko floating above them.  She giggled, and held out her hand.  	
	"Need help?"  Tenchi took her hand, and felt himself lifted up to his feet.  He caught Mayuka in his arms as she rolled off of is chest, her arms still around his neck.  
	"That was pretty sneaky, Ryoko.  I could have fallen all the way down the steps."  She landed on the steps, putting her arm around his shoulder.
	"Aw, you've been through worse.  Besides, you honestly think I'd let that happen?  You dumb kid!"  She teased, and playfully hit him in the shoulder.  Tenchi smiled, and kissed her.  Mayuka groaned, and buried her face in her father's shoulder.
	Ryoko laughed.  "So, what was the big deal this morning that you couldn't say good morning to your wife?"
	She walked beside Tenchi down the steps.  "Grandfather wanted me to help him with a ceremony over the graveyard.  He didn't really explain, except that it had something to do with keeping the ghosts at rest."  He shook his head.  "I hate it when he doesn't tell me everything."
	"Grandpa's beng scary, isn't he?"  Mayuka looked up at her father, sensing his worry.
	"Don't worry, Mayuka," Tenchi patted her on the head.  "You're mother's scarier than any ghost."  He cried out as Ryoko pinched him.  "Ow!"
	Mayuka giggled.  "Daddy being bad!"  Ryoko giggled with her.  They stopped when they noticed Tenchi staring off into space.
	"Tenchi?"  Ryoko and Mayuka looked down the steps at the spot that had caught Tenchi's attention.  A little boy stood on the steps of the shrine.  He blinked, and smiled at them.  Mayuka smiled back, and waved, even though they could see straight through him.  His ash-gray skin had an eerie translucence to it.  The boy's body expanded, changing shape.  Mayuka looked at her parents, and wondered why they couldn't move.  Where the boy had once stood, there was now a large tiger.  The beast gave a lazy yawn, and walked off into the woods.  
	"Ry... Ryoko?"
	"Yes?"
	"You saw that, right?"  Ryoko nodded her head.

***

	Washu typed away on her computer, researching new fluctuations in the time/space and astral streams.  They had just happened recently, and so close to home...
	Washu sighed as her stomach grumbled.  "Ugh, why me?"  She looked at the clock on her computer.  She knew she should be starting on cooking lunch, already, but these readings were so... abnormal.  It was unlike anything she had seen before.  Nothing to raise a panic over, but intriguing.
	Her stomach grumbled again, louder.  "Fine, all right!"  Washu got up, and walked out of her lab to the kitchen.  She stopped in the lounge when she saw Shadow Dog standing over Kiyone, who was asleep on the couch.  Shadow placed a hand on the detective's forehead, and gave a sigh of relief.  "Shadow, what's wrong with Kiyone?"
	He looked up, just now noticing Washu.  "Oh, Washu!  Well... she... ur, what happened is..."
	Washu shook her head.  Shadow had recently turned into a klutz when it came to Kiyone.  "Just spit it out, mutt."
	"Sorry.  I was washing up the dishes from breakfast, when Kiyone came in, unable to sleep, and--"
	"The short version."
	"Well, this little boy appeared in the kitchen, handed me a plate, and dissapeared.  He had really gray, translucent skin.  I've never seen anything like it.  Kiyone just kind of froze up when she saw it."
	Washu hung her head in thought, and then looked up.  "And you were worried about her?  How sweet!"
	Shadow's pale skin turned red, and he cleared his throat.  "Well... I would've done the same for anyone.  Mistress would be upset if someone was hurt badly."
	Washu laughed.  "Ah, how foolish are the young.  Anyway, Tsunami worries too much.  Move over."  She pushed Shadow aside, and placed a hand on Kiyone's forehead, and then her neck, and over her stomach.  "She'll be fine, don't worry.  She's just overworked."  She looked at Shadow.  "You know, if you're lonely, Shadow, my door's always open."  She cackled.
	Shadow frowned at her.  "Shouldn't you be cooking lunch, you perverted little lab rat?"  He back away as Washu's energy sword appeared in her hands, the end of it inches away from his chin.
	"Careful, Seayo.  My chan form didn't have many of the abilities of my real body.  You could easily become the lab rat again, got it?"
	Shadow shook his head.  He knew she meant business when she used his real name.  "Some goddesses are so tempermental," he sighed, and fell back onto the couch.
	Washu smiled, her sword disappearing.  "Now, for lunch."  She walked into the kitchen.  Shadow looked over at the sleeping Kiyone.
	"Goddesses.  Feh, what do they know?"

***

	Ayeka took in a deep breath of air.  The cool fall breeze filled her lungs, brisk and refreshing.  She loved the fall on this planet, the time when Earth was most beautiful.  It reminded her of Jurai, in the sense that both were very beautiful, in their own ways.  She looked up at the tree she sat under, her brother's space tree Funaho.  It seemed to be the only thing unchanged in this place, this land of time.
	She hadn't planned on staying out this long.  She had just wanted to take a walk after breakfast, but she couldn't help herself.  It was almost lunch time, and her stomach growled a reminder.  She sighed, and stood up, preparing to leave.  
	"Ayeka."  She heard the voice whisper her name, like the breeze passing over her ears.  The princess looked around, trying to find the source.  
	She shook her head.  "You must be losing it, Princess," she thought to herself.  She sometimes wondered why that critical voice in her head sounded like Ryoko.  "You're hearing things."  The thought gave her a chill.
	"Ayeka."  She heard it again.  Closer this time, and more real.
	Ayeka called out.  "Azaka.  Kamidake."  
	The two Guardians of Jurai appeared instantly at her side.  "Yes, Princess Ayeka?"
	"There's something out there."
	"Understood, Princess."  Light shined out from the Guardians' "eyes", passing over the surrounding forest.  They turned full circle, and then their lights disappeared.  "I am sorry, Princess," Azaka answered.  "But we can not detect any sort of lifeforms in the immediate area."
	"Perhaps you just heard the wind, Princess Ayeka?"  Kamidake suggested.
	Ayeka briefly remembered a time when she would have bitten Kamidake's head off for saying such a thing, but she had grown up since then.  She shook her head.  "No, I definitely heard someone call my name.  It sounded like... a little boy."
	There was a rustling sound in the bushes.  Ayeka and her two Guardians jumped.  The Princess regained her composure.  "Who's there?"  She called out, but her only answer was more rustling.
	"Umm... Princess Ayeka...," Kamidake's voice quivered.
	"Perhaps we should... go back to the house," Azaka finished his counterpart's request.
	Ayeka ignored them, and stood her ground.  The rustling grew lounder, and finally a large, gray tiger stalked out of the woods.  Ayeka didn't know how to react.  She didn't know much about Earth's animal life, but she was sure that there were no wild tigers in Japan.  It's body was gray, and translucent.  See-through.
	The tiger walked up to Ayeka, and sat down in front of her, smiling.  For a second, it reminded her of the Cheshire Cat.  "Princess Ayeka," it said in a little boy's voice.  It's large eyes stared into Ayeka's, freezing her in place.  She wanted to move, even if she didn't know what she would do.  She tried to summon her powers, but they wouldn't cooperate.
	The tiger's body... changed.  It poured upward, like putty, taking a new, humanoid shape.  For a moment, it was a featureless, gray mass, and then Ayeka could see lines and definition in the shape.  Ayeka found herself looking at a ghost-like image of her mother.  "Ayeka," she... it said in a new vioce, one Ayeka found far too familiar.  "My little Ayeka."  Then the ghost-Misaki walked off back into the forest.
	"Umm, Miss Ayeka?"
	"Did what we think just happened... happen?"
	Ayeka shook her head.  "I don't know."

***

	Washu stood over the stove, lost in her own thoughts.  These spacial fluctuations were grabbing her interest.  They might as well, since she wasn't really working on anything else, lately.  Except for Mayuka...
	She pushed it aside.  She didn't want to think about that, on the off chance that Ryoko would hear her thoughts.  She knew how Ryoko would react if she found out that Washu was researching the girl she was raising as her own daughter.  But she couldn't get that conversation out of her head.  The conversation she had overhead between Tenchi and Shadow Dog those few years ago, before they faced Tokimi.  What Shadow Dog had said about Mayuka's potential...
	"Dammit!  Stop thinking about that!"  She cursed herself, and tried to think of something else.  Maybe what Shadow had said.  What did he mean when he said the little boy just... disappeared?  The description sounded like some kind of astral being, a psychic projection, perhaps.  Or a ghost.
	Washu laughed out loud.  From what she could remember as a goddess, it was almost impossible for a soul to escape the afterlife.  The Ministers of the Dead should see to that.  Then again, that was thirty thousand years ago.  If there was one thing science taught her, it was that things change.
	Her ears perked up as she heard Shadow's voice filtered through the walls of the house.  "Ayeka!  Good morning.  How was your...  Ayeka, are you feeling okay?  You look pale."
	Ayeka apparently ignored him, and walked into the kitchen, where she knew she would find Washu making lunch.  Washu nodded to herself when she saw the Juraian princess; she was indeed very pale.  All of the blood had drained form her face.
	"Ayeka, are you feeling sick?"
	The princess shook her head.  "No, um... Little Washu..."
	"How many times do I have to tell you?  It's just Washu, now."
	Ayeka swallowed the lump in her throat, some of her color coming back.  "So sorry.  I have something important to discuss with you."
	Washu checked on lunch, then turned the stove off.  "Okay, shoot."
	"Well, I was taking a walk out by Funaho, and I saw something."
	"A little gray boy with a see-through body?"  Washu asked point blank.
	Ayeka paused, and shook her head.  "No, actually, it was a tiger with gray skin and a see-through body."  Washu's eyebrow's rose.  "It... called my name."
	"Did try to hurt you?"
	She shook her head.  "No, but it did have a young boy's voice.  And then it... changed it's shape."
	"Hmm, a shapeshifter?"  Washu held her chin, thinking.  "Well, what did it change into?"	   
	Ayeka looked down for a moment, "My mother."
	"Misaki?  Well, now, that is strange."  Washu noticed Shadow standing in the doorway.  "Oh, Shadow?  How long have you been standing there?"
	"Long enough."  His red grem flashed, and he started to walk away.
	"Shadow Dog?"  Ayeka furrowed her brow in confusion.  "Where are you going?  Lunch is almost ready."
	He called back over his shoulder.  "For a walk."  Ayeka and Washu heard the door open and close as the Guardian left.  
	Ayeka turned to Washu.  "What was that about?  Is he up to something again?"
	Washu turned back to fixing lunch.  "No.  He and Kiyone saw something similar today.  A little gray-skinned boy.  That's why Kiyone is passed out on the couch."
	Ayeka's eyes grew wide.  "Wait, is he going to try and find it?"
	"Oh, don't worry about him.  He's a typical territorial predator.  And a typical male."  Washu looked up to one of the cupboards.  "Could you hand me some dishes from that cupboard?"

***

	"So, you saw it, too?"  Washu looked over at Tenchi and Ryoko.  Tenchi twirled his noodles, not really looking up.  
	"Well," he said, "We saw... something.  But, I don't know what it was, to be honest."  He glanced at Ryoko, who was busily eating her lunch.
	"Me niether," she paused to wipe the food off of her cheeks.  "But, whatever it is..."
	"We know, we know.  You'll find it."  Shadow spoke up.  He melted out of a shadow-filled corner of the room, and sat down at the table.  
	Washu raised an eyebrow.  "So, back already?  That was a rather short hunt."
	He shrugged, and reached for some noodles.  "I got hungry."  Ayeka couldn't help but giggle.  "Oh?  And you find that funny, Princess?"
	She shook her head.  "I'm sorry, but I thought you were supossed to be a hunter."
	"Yes, well, even Alice couldn't catch the rabbit.  Or the Cheshire Cat."  He noticed everyone visibly stiffen at the reference.  "Did I say something wrong, again?"
	"Oh, no.  Don't worry about it, Shadow," Tenchi assured him.
	"Do you have any idea as to just >what< it was that we all saw, Miss Washu?"  Kiyone asked.
	Washu shook her head.  "Eh, not yet."
	"I really hate it when you do that."  She head Ryoko's voice in her mind.
	"Aw, you're so sweet when you worry about Tenchi and Mayuka!"  Washu snickered to herself.  She heard Ryoko growl.
	Mihoshi sat next to Mayuka, both of them ignoring most of the conversation.  Mihoshi was having more trouble with her chopsticks than the toddler, as her fingers became entangled in the utensils and the food.  Mayuka could only look at the most humorous of her aunts, and sigh.  Then, she felt something.  At least, it started out as a feeling.  Then she heard it, as a whisper on the autumn wind.
	"Mayuka."  The voice sang her name.  It was sweet, and took her attention away form Mihoshi.  She looked around the room, but there was only her family around her, and none of them had called her.
	"Maaayuuukaaa?"  She looked around again, towards the lounge.  A little gray hand peeked around the corner.  Mayuka leaned closer, trying to get a good look at it.  It turned to her, and the index finger bekoned.  Mayuka looked at it curiously, for a moment.  Then, the same little boy she had seen earlier poked his head around the corner, and smiled.  Mayuka smiled back.  "Wanna come play?"
	Mayuka only had to think about it for half a second, and nodded.  "Okay!"  She stood up, and walked to the lounge.  The little boy's head disappeared around the corner, and Mayuka followed.
	Mihoshi continued to struggle with her food and hands.  "Oh, this shouldn't be this difficult.  Could you help me, Mayuka?"  She turned to the empty spot.  "Mayuka?"  She looked around the room.  "Well, where did she go?"
	Ayeka turned to her, "Mihoshi, just what are you...?"  She looked at the empty spot next to the blond.  "Wh...where's Mayuka?"
	"That's what I just asked, but no one's answered!"
	Everyone looked at Mihoshi for two seconds, just to make sure that she had really said it.  After the initial shock, Shadow's gem flashed.  "I'll find her."  He erupted in black flame, and his hound form leapt across the table, forcing Washu and Kiyone to dive out of the way.  He skided across the floor into the lounge.  Ryoko lifted into the air, following closely.  Soon, everyone was up and looking for the toddler.  
	"Wait for me!"  Mihoshi managed to pry her hands from her food, and scrambled to catch up with Ayeka and Kiyone.  She found them running towards the deck.  She caught up to them, trying to catch her breath as she ran.  "I...(pant) I'm sorry...(pant) Kiyone."
	Ayeka looked at her.  "No, Mihoshi, we're all to blame.  With this... thing out there, we all should have been paying more attention."
	"Well, let's try to stick together, okay?"  Kiyone suggested.
	Ayeka and Mihoshi nodded.  "Yes."

***

	Sasami sighed as she looked out the window of her classroom.  She enjoyed high school, but sometimes it was just so... boring.  Especially the math classes.
	"You're thinking about what they're doing, aren't you?"  She heard Tsunami's voice.  The goddess's voice was soothing, like the flow of water.  
	Sasami sighed again.  "Yea.  I miss playing with Mayuka, and Shadow and Mihoshi."  
	"And what about Ryo-ohki?"  Sasami blushed, and hoped that the cabbit wasn't getting too hot in her locker.  Tsunami giggled.  "It seems you're inseparable."
	"You think so?"  Sasami smiled.  "Hm.  I wonder if they're having fun without me?"
	There was a long pause before Tsunami spoke.  "Don't worry, Sasami.  I'm sure they have their hands full at the moment."
	"What do you mean?"
	She could feel Tsunami smile.  "You'll see, when you get home."
	Sasami didn't have time to ponder what the goddess had said.  "Miss Masaki!"  The sound of her teacher's voice filled her ears.  Sasami jumped up in her seat.  As stifled laughter spread throughout her classmates, Sasami blushed and sat down.  "Please, pay attention!"
	"Um, sorry.  I just..."
	The teacher shook his head.  "Just like your brother Tenchi.  Could never pay attention."

***

	Shadow Dog sniffed at the ground, trying to pick up Mayuka's scent.  How could the little girl have gotten away so quickly?  Ryoko hovered over him, her fists on her hips.  "Well?"
	He looked up at her, his gem flashing.  He shook his head, and then hung it.  Ryoko looked angrily at the trees around them.  "Where did they go?"  She couldn't be completly sure, but Ryoko had a feeling that whatever she had seen this morning had taken her daughter.
	"We can't be sure of that, Ryoko," Washu spoke through their mental link.  She and Tenchi ran up, pausing to catch their breath.  She looked around.  "You haven't been able to pick up their trail, Shadow?"  The hound whimpered.  Washu looked nervously at Ryoko, feeling her daughter's anger.
	Tenchi looked around, trying to make sense of it.  Why had Mayuka run off?  Did it have something to do with that... thing they had all seen?  He looked to the side, a sudden feeling jolting him.  Ryoko noticed his reaction.  "Tenchi?  What is it?"
	"She's this way," he said before running towards the steps of the shrine.  He ran up the steps, the others following close behind.  He paused, half-way up, to get his bearings, and then turned into the forest.  His running slowed as the feeling became stronger.  Shadow sniffed at the ground.
	"Hey," Ryoko landed next to Tenchi, walking beside him.  "We're close to the graveyard, now, aren't we?"  Tenchi nodded.
	They made their way to a small clearing, and stopped.  No one could speak for a moment.  Mayuka floated in the air, holding hands with the gray-skinned boy.  They seemed to be... playing.
	Tenchi stammered.  "May... Mayuka?"  
	The toddler looked down at her father, and laughed.  Ryoko cried out her name, and flew towards her, grabbing her away from the boy.  She teleported back to Tenchi's side.  Mayuka seemed confused for a second, not understanding why her parents were so upset.  "Mama, Daddy?"
	The boy flaoted down to the ground.  Shadow growled, but he ignored the beast.  Washu stepped up to it.  "Hmm, you certainly are something!"  
	The boy's ghostly eyes met Tenchi's.  For a brief second, niether one moved.  Then, the boy looked to Washu and Shadow Dog.  "We were just playing.  You were mean to inturrupt me."  Before anyone could speak, the boy changed his shape, his body pouring upwards, like putty or water.  He changed into a handsome young man, but there was something alien about him.  Something cold.  Then, he disappeared.
	Mayuka looked up at Ryoko.  "Mama?"  Ryoko could see tears starting to form in her eyes.
	"Shh.  Don't cry, Mayuka.  Please don't cry."
	"Was I bad?"
	"No, you couldn't have been bad."
	Tenchi put an arm around his wife and daughter.  It calmed both of them for him just to be so close.  Washu and Shadow looked at the spot where the boy had stood, the scientist typing on her computer, and the hunter sniffing at the ground.  Shadow changed into his humanoid form, frowning.  
	Whatever this thing was, the smell of it's power was something... different.  That was the only way to describe it.  He couldn't even think of a way words could be used to fit this.
	Washu looked up the hill, towards the graveyard.  "Washu, what was that thing?"  Tenchi asked her.
	She turned around, thoughts running rampant in her head.  "Something that I don't think should be in this dimension.  It seems to be..."
	"A ghost," Shadow finished her sentence.  "Just like out of some bad horror movie."  He looked at the spot where it had been.  "Not even it's power smells alive."
	Ryoko growled.  "What the hell would a ghost want with my daughter?"  Tenchi was forced to jump back as Ryoko's energy sword appeared in her hand.
	Washu's head hung in thought.  "That's why Grandpa had me help him witht the ritual," Tenchi thought.  "He knew..."
	"Grandpa!"  Eveyone looked at Tenchi.  "I have to see Grandpa.  He'll know what to do."  He ran back towards the steps up to the shrine.
	Shadow began to walk off.  "We should probably get back to the house.  The others will be worried."  His voice was as calm as always.
	Washu looked back at her daughter.  "Ryoko?"
	"I'm fine, Washu.  Let's just go home."  She started to fly after Shadow Dog. 
	"No, you're not fine."  Washu reached out to her with their mental link.
	Ryoko held in the growl.  For a moment, she remembered only a few years back, when she'd tried to reach out to Washu, before that last fight with Tokimi.  She hated it when the situation was switched.  Back to her being the daughter and Washu being the mother.  "I just don't see how that damn mutt can be so calm."
	"Trust me, it took him a very long time to be able to do that."

***

	Tenchi leapt up the last few steps to the shrine, running at full speed to his grandfather's office.  His grandfather knew this would happen.  Who better to ask for advice?
	He slowed down as he approached the office doors, and knocked.  "Grandpa?"  He paused, waiting for an answer.  "Grandpa?"  He slid open the door, and walked in.  He had never seen the office so dark, before.  Even the sunlight coming in through the window seemed dim.  He looked around, but his grandfather wasn't anywhere in sight.  "Gand...pa?"
	Tenchi froze, staring at the figure sitting in the middle of the room.  In the dim light, the translucence was gone, but there was no mistaking it's gray skin.  The ghost-boy looked at Tenchi, it's face cold and blank.  Tenchi stood his ground.  "Who are you?  What do want with us?"
	"Tenchi."  He was nearly thrown back at the sound of the ghost's voice.  There was no way he could mistake that voice, the same one that he burned into his memory, just so he would be able to hear it, again.  
	The ghost changed it's shape, expanding.  Tenchi remained frozen when it was finished, his voice barely able to work.  "Mother."
	The form of his mother stood up, smiling at him.  "Tenchi," she held out her hand.  "Come to me, Tenchi.  I'm so lonely, and I've missed you very much."  Tenchi couldn't help but walk towards her.  
	"Mother... but, how...?"
	"Shh.  It's all right, Tenchi.  Just take my hand."  She smiled at him.
	Tenchi could feel the nagging in the back of his head.  He wanted to believe that this was his mother.  She had to be real.  She had to be back.  The feeling was telling him otherwise.  It surged to his conciousness, like a growing siren.  A warning feeling of discomfort, that this was all wrong.  Tenchi shook his head, his own thoughts fighting.  "No.  No, this isn't real.  You can't be my mother."  He looked at her again.  
	She frowned at him.  "Tenchi, please, come to me now."
	"No!  You're not my mother.  Stop this, whatever you are.  Just go away and leave us alone."  Tenchi's mark of power appeared on his forehead, glowing silver with his anger.
	The ghost sneered at him, and changed it's shape again, into the frighteningly beautiful young man.  He spoke, using his own voice.  "Well, it's seems you just don't want to play, do you?  Maybe we should change the game, then."  It growled at Tenchi, and then leapt at him, the ghost's hands becoming claws.  Tenchi jumped backwards out of the office, into the yard of the shrine.  The ghost crouched on the steps of the office, it's claws splintering the wood beneath it.  "Is this game more fun?"
	Tenchi's sword appeared in his hands.  "Is that all this is to you?  Just a damn game?"  A ring filled the air as the ghost's claws met Tenchi's sword.  He moved out of the way of one hand, having to block the other with the sword.  He moved backward as the ghost attacked, savagly swiping at him.  He wished he had Tenchi-ken, for a moment.  The sword of the Light Hawk Wings was too large for this.
	He grabbed the ghost's wrist as it came at him, and swung his sword.  It passed through the ghost like cutting through mist.  It smiled at Tenchi, and smashed the back of it's free fist against his jaw.  Tenchi fell to the ground, his sword disappearing.  He looked up, his jaw burning as blood poured out.  
	The ghost... demon... whatever it was smiled, it's gray form towering over Tenchi.  "Selective solidity is a handy thing," it muttered.  It raised a clawed hand above it's head.  "This >is< a fun game."
	It cried out as it was hit by a barrage of energy blasts.  It fell to the ground, replaced by Ryoko.  Her sword flashed to life in her hands.  Tenchi could feel her power raging inside her, coursing through her gems.  He couldn't help but feel nervous when Ryoko was this pissed.
	"Tenchi, are you okay?"
	He nodded, pushing himself up.  "I'm fine."  She flew at the ghost, her sword humming with energy.  "Ryoko, be careful!"
	Ryoko screamed and charged at the ghost.  It jumped back, flipping in the air, and landing on it's feet.  It got to it's feet just in time to avoid Ryoko's sword.  The blade cut a deep gash into the ground.  Ryoko raised her hand, and fired a blast of energy.  Tenchi backed away as the blast grew, enveloping the ghost.  There was an inhuman scream as the ghost vanished in Ryoko's energy wave.
	She rushed over to Tenchi as he stood up.  "Tenchi!"  She wrapped her arms around him, squeezing.  Tenchi hugged her back.
	"Ryoko, you're beginning to squeeze a little too hard."  Ryoko loosened her hold.  She looked up at him, and smiled.  "Where's Mayuka?"
	"It's okay.  She's with Washu and the others.  I had to make sure you were all right."  He could tell she was trying to hide her fear.  How the hell could she be so strong?  Ryoko rested her head on his shoulder.  "You don't honestly think I'd let you have all the fun, do you?"    She looked up, and saw that Tenchi was staring at the spot where the ghost had been.  The ground was shattered, a great gash cut into the yard of the shrine.  "Oops."
	"Oops, indeed," both of them jumped at the sound of Yosho's voice.  He came down the path from the cemetary, up to the gash in the earth.  "It seems you were playing rough today, Tenchi?"
	"Well, we...," Tenchi struggled to figure out how he could explain this.
	"We've gotta go!"  Ryoko lifted them both into the air, and flew off towards the house.  
	Yosho shook his head.  "So, it appears we are having troule again, eh?"

***

	Kiyone groaned, and sank into the water of the bath.  "Ugh.  I'm exhausted."  She took the bottle of saki Ryoko handed her, and upended it.  
	"Hey, slow down!"  Ryoko snatched the bottle away.  "Dammit, cop.  Save some for the rest of us."
	"Sorry.  'Hic!'"  Kiyone's face turned slightly red, and she grabbed another bottle.  "I've just been working a lot, lately."
	"So?  You're relaxing, now.  Just don't hog all the alcohol.  Even Nobuyuki will begin to look good, if you have too much."  Kiyone visibly shivered at the thought.  "Yea.  Glad I could never mistake that dirty old man for Tenchi."
	"Um, Ryoko?  Can I... ask you about something?"  Ryoko raised an eyebrow.
	"What about?"  Curiosity won out over her better judgement.  Or, maybe she had just had too much saki to worry about it.
	Kiyone took another drink.  She'd need one just to be able to talk about it.  "Well, what do you think about... Shadow?"
	"What about him?  That sneaky little bastard hasn't pulled another prank on you, has he?"
	"No, it's nothing like that!  I just... well... nevermind.  Maybe I should just ask Mihoshi."  She took a long drink, and threw the empty bottle aside.
	Something in Ryoko's head clicked as she put it together.  "Kiyone, you don't mean you... haha!"    Ryoko doubled over, laughing.  "You can't really like him, can you?  >Really< like him?"  She laughed harder.
	Kiyone frowned, and sank further into the water.  "You don't have to yell it out, you know."
	Ryoko took a breath, trying to stop the laughing.  "I'm sorry.  Well, not really.  But the thought of that mutt in a relationship with anyone is just hilarious."  She looked as Kiyone's head sank under the water, and cursed herself.  She'd never seen Kiyone so... vulnerable, before.  Just like the first time Ryoko had opened up to Ayeka in the bath, years ago.  Back when Ayeka was an immature little princess, and laughed at her.
	  She grabbed the GP's head, and pulled her up.  "I'm sorry.  I probably shouldn't make fun at you, like that."
	Kiyone smiled, slightly.  "Thanks."
	"Why him?  I'd figure you'd be able to get a real date, not some pussy-whipped ex-bounty hunter."
	"He's not pussy-whipped," Kiyone mumbled.
	"Oh?  Have you ever seen the way he bows to Sasami?  It's pathetic!  I don't care if he's supposed to look after her 'by order of the universe.'"  She handed Kiyone another bottle of saki.  "Besides, you know what she'll look like when she grows up.  I couldn't even compete against that."  Ryoko grabbed her own bottle, and downed the rest.
	Kiyone took a drink.  "Maybe.  But, I don't care!"  Ryoko jumped back.  "I don't care how he feels about Tsunami.  I don't care if Sasami grows up to be a goddess.  Why  should it matter?"  She paused, and looked at Ryoko.  "I'm sorry.  I shouldn't be talking like this."
	"No, it's all right, Kiyone.  I felt the same way, once."
	"Well, thanks for listening, Ryoko."  Kiyone leaned back, trying to relax.  She opened her eyes when she heard laughing.  It wasn't Ryoko.
	Both of them stared at the woman sitting in the water across from them.  Her skin was the same grey as with every other form it had taken.  Her... it... did it even matter?  Ryoko growled, her sword appearing in her hands.  Kiyone backed out of the water-- she hated ghosts.  That's exactly what this thing resembled.
	It continued to giggle.  Ryoko stood, unafraid.  "Back already?  I thought you learned your lesson."
	"That was a very fun game."  It laughed, and started to clap.  "You played it very well."
	Ryoko took a step back, confused.  "What do you mean a game?"
	"Well, that is what the man Tenchi and I were doing, wasn't it?  Playing a game.  He was doing very well until he fell.  It wasn't very fair of you to jump me like that, but you still made an excellent move!"  
	"What are you talking about?  Is that all this is to you, a damn game?  Trying to steal my daughter is a game to you?"  Ryoko walked up to it, holding her sword out in front of her.  This thing was really beginning to piss her off.
	"Oh, yes,  you're Mayuka's mother, aren't you?  What do you mean by steal?  Why would I want to steal her?"  The ghost laughed.  Ryoko didn't know if she should be confused or insulted.  Either way, it was pissing her off.  "I just wanted to play.  We were dancing until you came.  It was very rude of you to inturrupt us, like that."
	It didn't flinch as Ryoko held her sword inches from it's face.  "What do you want from us?  Why don't you just leave us alone?"
	It pouted.  "You mean you don't want to play with me, Ryoko?"  She looked past the angry demoness.  "Do you, Kiyone?"
	Kiyone shivered, and tried to swallow her fear.  "Wha... how do you... know who we are?"
	"Oh, I read Tenchi's soul.  That's how I was able to change into his mother."  It looked down, slightly sad.  "But, he didn't like that game, so I decided to play a different one."
	"By attacking him?  You call that a game?"  Ryoko restrained herself from trying to kill it, just yet.  She wasn't sure if she could kill it.  If it really was a ghost, then...
	"I don't see why you're so upset?  I didn't plan to hurt him."  It looked at the end of the energy sword.  "Why hurt him?  Then I wouldn't be able to play any more games with him."  It locked eyes with Ryoko.  "What kind of games do you like to play, Ryoko?"  
	Ryoko tried to tear her eyes away, but she couldn't.  She froze, for just a couple of seconds, caught in it's gaze.  Then, it smiled.  Ryoko snapped out of her daze, and growled.  She drove her sword forward, and it stuck into wood.  It had disappeared again.
	Ryoko felt a chill up her spine, like a hand moved across her back.  She spun around, swinging her sword.  It was already gone from the spot, and reappeared next to Kiyone.  It took Kiyone all of one second to realize that it was standing next to her, and back the hell away.  It laughed.  "Well, Ryoko, would you prefer a game less physical?"  
	It changed it's shape again, it's height shrinking, and a large pulme of hair growing from it's head.  It blinked at Ryoko with large eyes that would have been green if there was any color to the being.  It chuckled in that familiar nasal voice.  "Come on, Little Ryoko.  Don't you want to play with your mommy?"
	Both Ryoko and Kiyone stood frozen.  The ghost laughed again, snapping Ryoko out of her daze, again.  She flew at it, her battle suit forming around her as she leapt out of the water.  The ghost jumped back to avoid Ryoko's sword as it smashed into the wood of the onsen, sending splinters and pieces of boards through the air.  Ryoko shot a bolt of energy at it's feet.  The ghost fell to the ground, coughing out the sawdust that filled the air (for effect, of couse).
	The ghost looked up, and saw Ryoko standing over it, the air around her sword humming with energy.  "What's wrong, Ryoko?  Do you really hate me that much?"
	Ryoko looked at the form of her mother laying prone, with big sad eyes looking up at her.  She turned her back, gritting her teeth.  "Get out of here.  Leave us alone."
	It stood up, and placed a hand on Ryoko's shoulder.  "Ryoko, please, don't hate me.  I didn't want to leave you trapped there, in the dark.  I hate Kagato for what he did to you.  Please, don't hate me."
	"You're not my mother.  You're just a damn ghost!"  Ryoko whirled around.  She held her sword to the ghost's throat.  "When will you poeple learn that you can't use my feelings against me?  I won't let you do that to me."  
	"What's you're problem, Little Ryoko?"  The ghost's eyes glowed, and Ryoko felt herself pushed back.  She landed on her back in the water, stunned.  The ghost leapt on her chest, pinning her down.  "Why won't you people just play?  All I want to do is play, but you don't like my games.  Just let go of yourself and play!"  The ghost struggled to keep Ryoko's head under the water, trying to drown her.  Ryoko didn't struggle for air, knowing that she didn't have to worry about breathing.  She struggled to get the bastard off of her.  
	The ghost was strong for it's size, holding Ryoko tight, and pressing down hard.  It didn't see Kiyone as the detective kicked it across the jaw, sending it flying off of Ryoko and into the water.  "What kind of sick little shit calls mind-rape a game?"  She yelled as the ghost picked itself up out of the water.
	Ryoko looked up at Kiyone as she stood.  "Thanks, cop."
	The ghost growled at both of them, changing shape into the young man.  "Fine.  If that's how you want it.  We'll stop playing.  Maybe a different game, like full blown fucking terror."  It disappeared.
	Kiyone and Ryoko stood there for a second, waiting for it to come back.  Finally, Kiyone walked over to the edge of the water and picked up her towel, wrapping it around herself.  "We've got to get back to the house."  Ryoko nodded.

***

	Washu looked over her shoulder as she heard Tenchi walk into her lab.  "How's Mayuka?"
	"Ayeka is putting her down for a nap.  It was hard to calm her down after..."  He let the silence finish.
	Washu nodded, and turned back to her computer.  "She just has intense emotions.  Like her mother."
	"Which one?"  Shadow asked as he melted out of a corner of the lab.  He pulled Mihoshi behind him, the blond looking around.  
	"Oh, wow!  That was fun!  Can we do it again?"
	Shadow shook his head, and ignored her.  "So, Washu, was I right?  Is it a ghost?"
	The scientist gave him a sideways glance, and typed away on her computer.  "Well," there was a brief flash of memories, half-remembered divinity.  "I know for a fact that it shouldn't be possible.  The other side of life--"
	"You mean death?"
	"Death is a permanent state.  Ghosts in the true sense of the word didn't exist thirty thousand years ago.  There are... was certain wards that ensured that."
	"So how is that thing here?"  Tenchi asked.
	Washu shrugged.  "I guess even the forces of death have changed."
	Mihoshi quivered in slight fear.  "Um, so you mean that it's really a... gho... gho..."
	"Ghost.  Yes."
	Mihoshi shrieked, and grabbed onto Shadow Dog.  The Guardian jumped in fright, and tried to pry Mihoshi off of him.  Tenchi and Washu could only shake their heads at the sight.
	"Miss Washu!"  Kiyone's voice caught everyone's attention as she ran into the lab.  "Washu, it's back."
	"What?"  Eveyone asked at the same time.
	Kiyone nodded.  "Yes.  It attacked Ryoko and me in the bath."  She paused, and looked around.  "Where's Ayeka?"
	"She's putting Mayuka to sleep," Tenchi said.  "Where's Ryoko?"
	"I... I don't know."
	Shadow finally pushed Mihoshi off of him.  "Isn't it obvious?  She'll go get Mayuka, of course."
	"Did the ghost say anything to you, Kiyone?"  Washu asked her.
	The detective nodded.  "It was just playing games with us... well, it's kind of games.  But we didn't want to play.  Now it's angry."
	"How angry?"
	"We need to find Ayeka and Ryoko."  Tenchi rushed passed her, and out the door.

***

	Ayeka hummed a lullaby her mother had sang to her as she looked down at Mayuka.  The toddler laid on her small bed, fast asleep, having forgotten everything that had happened this afternoon.  It was comforting to see her at peace, without having to worry about anything.  Ayeka felt a small tinge of envy, and laughed at it.  She was envious of the child.
	She heard Ryoko walk in through the wall.  "Hey, Ayeka."  Ryoko walked up behind her, looking down at the girl.
	"She's a beautiful child, Ryoko."
	She nodded.  "It's so hard for me to imagine what she was like, before.  When she was under Yuzuha's control, and just being used to hurt Tenchi.  How innocent she was, and at the same time a demon."  She knelt down beside the bed, and placed a hand on Mayuka's face.  She noticed Ayeka smile, and then let out a small giggle.  "What's so funny?"
	"How much she's like you, instead of Yuzuha."
	Ryoko smiled, and looked at her daughter.  "You think so?"  Ayeka nodded.  "Ayeka, that thing..."
	"Hm?  What about it?  I thought you and Tenchi managed to chase it off?"
	She shook her head.  "No.  It jumped me and Kiyone in the bath.  I think it's going to try and harm us, again."
	Just as Ryoko finished her warning, a dark laughter filled the room.  Both women jumped up, looking around.  Ryoko felt a sharp pain rake through her back.  She screamed, and both she and Ayeka turned around, seeing nothing else in the room.  
	Ayeka looked down, feeling a hand close around her leg.  She screamed at the sight of her mother, with gray, translucent skin, rising up through the floor, her mouth filled with fangs.  The ghost rose up through the floor too quickly for Ayeka, flipping the princess to the ground.  The ghost slammed it's free hand into Ryoko's gut, knocking her back.
	The ghost grinned as Ayeka looked up at it.  She rolled out of the way as a clawed hand came down towards her face, shattering wood.  Ayeka rolled to her feet, her forcefield forming around her.  The ghost leapt at her, and stopped in mid-air.  Ryoko stood behind the ghost, with the end of her energy sword jutting through it's chest.  She yelled at Ayeka.  "Ayeka, grab Mayuka and get out of here, now!"
	Ayeka paused for a moment, looking from Ryoko to Mayuka.  The girl was awake now, pressing back against the wall, afraid of the demon now impaled on her mother's sword.  "Ayeka!"  The princess broke out of her daze, and reached for the girl.  Mayuka curled up in her arms, wanting only to get away from the gray monster.  Ayeka ran passed the thrashing ghost and Ryoko to the door, not loking back.
	The ghost slid to the ground, the sword still in place in the air.  It whirled around, one clawed hand outstretched, and struck Ryoko across the face.  She reeled, and tried to regain control, but the ghost came too quickly for her, leaping on top of her and forcing her to the ground.  Ryoko struggled with the ghost, and flung her head forward.  Blue darts flew from her hair into the ghost's face, sticking into it.  It grabbed at it's face, growling in pain.  Ryoko smiled, pulled her knees up to her chest, and shoved her feet into the ghost, throwing it off her her.  It disappeared through the wall.
	"Ryoko!"  She looked up to see Tenchi run into the room, and knelt down beside her.  "Are you all right?"  Ryoko nodded, trying to stand up, and growled at the pain in her back.  Tenchi caught her in his arms, helping her to stand.  She paused for a second, healing her wounds.  The scratches on her back and face closed up, and then she looked at Tenchi.
	"I'm really beginning to hate this thing."  Tenchi smiled.  "Where's Ayeka and Mayuka?"  Her answer was a scream from downstairs.  Ryoko grabbed Tenchi, and they flew through the floors and walls of the house to the lounge.  Ayeka backed into a corner, holding Mayuka in her arms.  Her forcefield flashed as the ghost lashed at it, no longer wearing the form of Misaki.  Now it looked more like some type of demon, with a mottled hide of fur and scales.  Claws and fangs battered against Ayeka's forcefield.  
	Before Ryoko or Tenchi could react, a black blur slammed into the ghost.  The flaming hound Shadow Dog clawed at the ghost's chest, locking his jaws around it's neck.  It let out a cry, and it's shape started to melt and change.  Sinuous coils wrapped around Shadow's limbs and neck.  The hound's red eyes widened in suprise. 
	"Stupid beast," the ghost hissed, and it's coiled limbs sqeezed harder.  Shadow let out a small squeak.
	"Let him go!"  Kiyone and Mihoshi stood in the doorway of Washu's lab, their guns drawn.  They slowly approached the ghost.  "I said let him go, now!"  It looked from Shadow to Kiyone, and sqeezed harder.  The two detectives fired at the ghost, their shots moving through it's body and into the far wall.  "Shit!"
	The ghost threw Shadow at them.  The hound fell at their feet, gasping for air.  He changed into his humanoid form, his gem glowing in anger.  Kiyone and Mihoshi pulled him to his feet.  "Are you okay, Shadow?"  He turned to Kiyone, and nodded.  
	"Tenchi, you charge it from the front, and I'll attack from behind," Ryoko muttered to him.  Tenchi nodded, the mark of power glowing on his forehead.  Ryoko teleported away.
	The ghost turned to see Tenchi charging forward, Tenchiken in the young man's hands.  Tenchi shoved his sword into the ghost's chest, the blade flashing.  It looked down at him, almost ready to laugh, when Ryoko's sword jutted out of her chest.  The power of both blades grew, mixing like liquid into a white light.  It filled the ghost's form, blinding everyone.  It tried to scream, but it couldn't.
	Then, the light died.  Ryoko lowered herself to the ground, staring at their enemy.  The thing was the same young man, now, smoke rising from it's form.  It laid flat on it's stomach, and started to laugh.  "Hehe.  Good... good game."
	Washu walked out of her lab, and stood over the ghost.  She examined it for a moment, and then her holocomputer appeared in front of her.  She began to type away on it.  "Well, then you'll love this game."  Tenchi and Ryoko backed away as the ghost was lifted off the ground by the forcefield forming around it.  The ghost tried to pick itself up, hitting it's fists against the bubble of energy.  "There's no use in that.  You'll never be able to get out of there."
	The ghost gave an exhausted sigh, and fell against the field.  Then it started to laugh.  A howling, manic laugh.  It made everyone in the room shiver.
	"Hey, nock it off!"  The sudden, unfamiliar voice made everyone jump.  The man just... appeared.  He walked out of thin air, dressed in a business suit and blazer.  He looked down on the ghost in disdain, and was followed by a young man in a tweed suit with disheveled hair.  The older man shook his head, and pulled out a cigarette.  "I can never have one moment of piece with you, can I, Rakshasa?"
	The ghost in the bubble looked at the men, and smiled.  "Hell... hello, Mr. Minister... hahaha!"  It kept laughing.
	The Minister of Death shook his head, and checked his pockets for a match.  Washu cleared her throat.  "Excuse me?"  The Minister looked at her, and sighed.  
	"Sorry, no smoking, right?"  He put the cigarette back in his pocket.
	"No.  Who are you?"
	He ran a hand through his hair, not taking his eyes from the ghost.  "The Minister of the Dead.  Head desk-jockey for the afterlife, at your service."  His tone was sarcastic, respectful, and regretful all at the same time.  Washu didn't know what to make of him.  "I see you caught our runaway.  Thank you."  
	"Wait a minute, what's going on here?"  Ryoko yelled, her sword growing in intensity.  "What do you mean 'Dead?'"
	He looked at her.  "Just what it means.  Dead.  This one got away when we weren't looking.  Sorry if he's caused you any trouble."
	"Trouble?!"  Tenchi started to back away as Ryoko, Washu, Ayeka, and Kiyone advanced at the man.  He looked over his shoulder, and saw Shadow already making a break for it out the door.  Mihoshi sat on the floor hugging a tired Mayuka.  Tenchi picked up his daughter, and led Mihoshi away from the coming carnage.
	The Minister looked to his assistant.  "Mann, could you get us out of here, now?" 
	Mann looked at the four very angry women in front of him.  He was too frightened to reply.  The blue-haired and purple-haired ones were making him especially nervous.  "Mann?  Mann!"
	"Um, yes sir!"  The two men started to fade from sight.
	"Don't forget the Rakshasa."
	"Oh, yes sir!"
	The two men and the demon-ghost vanished before any of the girls could hurt them.  

	Outside, Tenchi and Shadow sat on the deck.  Mihoshi held Mayuka in her lap, the toddler already asleep again.  "So, what do you think that was?"
	Shadow looked at him, and shrugged.  "A ghost, I suppose.  I wasn't really aware that the afterlife was a bureaucracy."
	"Yes, well, downsizing can do that."  The voice made them jump.  The Minister of Death appeared in front of them, again, wiping a bit a sweat off of his forehead.  "I would just like to apologize, again, for the Rakshasa.  It does this every couple hundred years or so."
	Tenchi stood, and nodded.  "You mean that it was really a ghost?"
	"Of course.  A lot of escapees seem drawn to this planet, for some reason."  He shrugged.  "Anyway, I apologize, again.  Good day, Tenchi Masaki.  Seayo."  He vanished again.
	Tenchi sat down.  "How did he knew our names?"
	"He's Death.  We just met the Reaper."
	Tenchi raised an eyebrow.  "Are you ever serious?"
	He shook his head.  "No, not really."  His gem flashed, and he looked up.  "Oh.  Mistress is home."
	Tenchi looked, and saw Sasami walking across the bridge stretching out over the lake.  She waved, and Ryo-ohki miyaed from her perch atop Sasami's head.  Tenchi and and Mihoshi waved back.
	"I'm home!  Hey, Tenchi!  Hey, Mihoshi!"  She slowed as she neared them, seeing the wearied looks on their faces.  "Um, did I miss something?"
	Shadow shook his head.  "Don't worry about it, Mistress.  I'm sure you'll hear about it during dinner."  Sasami and Ryok-ohki looked at each other, wondering what they were talking about.

***

	Sasami handed Shadow Dog the last dish left from dinner, with her washing and he drying.  He smiled, happy she was home.  "You really miss me when I'm at school, don't you?"
	He nodded.  "Your my mistress.  How can I protect you when you--"
	Sasami sighed.  "Shadow, do you like her?"
	Shadow stopped, and looked up.  How could she know?  "What do you mean, Mistress?"
	"I mean Kiyone, you idiot!  I know you love me and Tsunami, but it's not the same as how you feel about her, is it?"
	He dried off the plate, and set it aside.  "I would do anything to protect you and Mistress Tsunami, and to make you happy.  Can't I just leave it at that?"
	"Shadow, if you like her, you should just say it.  Don't worry about how I'd feel.  You're one of my best friends, and I want you to be happy.  If you want to be with Kiyone, you should go for it."
	He smiled.  "Thank you, Mistress."
	Both of them turned around when they heard Washu's nasal cackle.  The scientist smiled at her computer screen, with a small blue ball floating in the air next to her. "I.  Am.  A.  Genius!"  Niether Shadow or Sasami got the chance to ask before Washu went into her explanation.  "It works!  After so many days of work, I've finally done it.  My astral recorder is complete!"  She walked into the kitchen, the ball following her.  "With the extra astral data I got from that ghost's appearance, I was able to complete it ahead of schedule."
	"Astral recorder, Washu?"
	She nodded.  "Yep.  It records local astral patterns, and translates them.  I can detect if something like the Rakshasa is near, or record astral communications, or--"
	"You mean like when Shadow and I talk through our link?"  Sasami asked.  Washu nodded again, smiling.  "So that means you know everything we just said?"
	Shadow held out his hand.  "Washu, you wouldn't be so unkind as to try and use that information against me, would you?"
	She looked at him, her face blank.  He could see her perverse joy hidden beneath the mask.  "I have no idea what you're talking about, Shadow.  I'd never use any of this against you.  As long as you promise to assist me in some of my experiments."
	Shadow's gem glowed.  "Washu, you perverted little--"  Shadow vanished as Washu pressed a button on her computer.  Sasami looked from the empty spot where Shadow had been to Washu, and back again.
	"Washu, where'd you put him!"
	"Don't worry, Tsunami.  I just put him in the lake to cool off."  Sasmi looked out the window, and saw Shadow pulling himself out of the water, and onto the deck.  She giggled, and looked back at Washu.
	"So, what >are< you going to do with that tape?"
	Washu grinned.  "Use it to my advantage.  That mutt will come in handy in a couple of experiments."

***

	"Damn, dirty, perverted, little, big-haired..." Shadow was running out of curses for Washu.  He rung out his soaking-wet shirt over the lake, and pulled it back on over his head.  He shook his head, flinging water out across the lake.
	"You shake just like a wet dog."  He looked over his shoulder at Kiyone.  The detective lingered behind him for a moment, and then sat down next to him, her feet dangling above the water.  "What happened?"
	"Washu's perverse sense of humor."  She took a drink of saki form the bottle she had been holding, and handed it to him.  Shadow took it, and upended it.  "Hey!"  Kiyone snatched it away from him.  "Not all of it, you idiot!"
	Shadow grinned, and looked back out over the water.  He noticed Kiyone was still looking at him.  "Hmm?  What is it, Kiyone?"
	Kiyone blushed, and looked away.  "Oh, um, nothing."  There was a long moment of silence.  "Shadow?"  She took a long drink.  "Do you... love Sasami?"
	He shook his head.  "Not like you think, Kiyone.  It's... more like a love for a family member."  He looked at her.  "Why do you ask?"  
	She mumbled, trying to figure out a good excuse.  "Well... I... um... it's just... well..."
	"You used well already."  He smirked.  "You wanna go out with me?"
	Kiyone didn't know what to do.  She froze up, for a second.  Shadow couldn't help himself, and started to laugh.  She broke out of her daze, and frowned at him.  "What are laughing about?"  
	He stopped, and looked at her, smiling.  "Well, do you want to go out?"
	Kiyone found herself smiling.  "Yea.  Sure."
	Shadow stood up.  "Well, come on, then."
	Kiyone looked at him curiously, "You mean now?  After everything that's happened today?  You're not exhausted?"  Shadow shook his head.
	He held out his hand.  "We can walk to a bar in town.  It's not that far."  Kiyone looked at his hand for a moment, and then took it, pulling herself up.
	"What the hell," she said to herself.

***

	Tenchi fell down onto his bed, and moaned.  "Ugh, I'm exhausted."  Ryoko appeared on top on him, laying her head on his chest.
	"Yea.  It's been a long day, hasn't it?"  She looked up at him, "Tenchi?"  He snored a response.  Ryoko laughed, and closed her eyes, feeling Tenchi's heart beat beneath his chest.  She felt a pull on her arm, and opened her eyes again.  Mayuka stood next to the bed, staring up at Ryoko with big, golden eyes.
	"Mommy?"  Small tears fell down the little girl's cheeks.  "I had a bad dream."
	Ryoko smiled, and lifted herself up.  She picked Mayuka up, and held the girl in her arms.  Mayuka put her arms around Ryoko's neck, sobbing quietly.  "It's all right, Mayuka.  Nothing's gonna hurt you while I'm around.  I promise.  I love you too much."
	"I love you too, Mommy."
	

Author's Notes:  Hope you liked this fic.  It's set in between part 10 and the epilogue of "From the Blood of the Gods."  I'll have more about Mayuka and her future (warning: shameless plug!) in the sequal series to "From the Blood of the Gods,"  titled "Flow Endless Dreams" (end shameless plug!).  As usual, the complaint department is killersquid@ticnet.com.    

	  
		
	  
	

  
	      
	
		   		  	 	
	 



 