Jurai's Debt
By Doug Whiddon

part 3
A Little Traveling Music Please

        In the realm of the lady Tokimi, in the great hall D3
pondered life. Not his life, but the life of one Tenchi Masaki. D3
had served the lady Tokimi for as long as he had existed. Tenchi
served no one, yet he seemed to be the focus of many things past,
present, and future.
        The boy was an anomaly. His powers were too great, even
with his obvious connections to Tsunami. He shouldn’t be so
powerful. The species referred to on Earth as “humans” should not
be capable of processing light hawk for several billion more years;
assuming they survived that long.
        “D3.” Tokimi made her presence known.
        “My lady?”
        “Tsunami has set her plans in motion, we must prepare to
counter her.”

        “Tenchi?”
        Someone was calling him. Tenchi could hear  a voice quite
distinctly calling his name. The voice sounded very far away.
        “Tenchi!?”
        The voice got louder. He could feel the couch beneath him
and a wet towel on his forehead. Tenchi opened his eyes.
        “Are you okay?” Sasami was leaning over him.
        Tenchi sat up, he felt somewhat sluggish. “I’m fine.... What
happened?”
        “You fainted.” Misaki was grinning.
        Tenchi thought for a moment. “You said something about
me getting married.”
        Misaki nodded.
        “To whom?” Tenchi focused his gaze on Misaki.
        “Maybe I should handle this, Misaki. Why don’t you take
Sasami up to the shrine with the others.”
        Tenchi looked around, and noticed that only Misaki,
Funaho, and Sasami were in the room with him. “Where did
everybody go?”
        “They’re up at the shrine getting ready for a wedding.”
Funaho sat down on the couch next to Tenchi. “Tenchi, there are
certain things you need to understand. First off I’m sure you are
aware that the Emperor isn’t fond of you.”
        Tenchi rolled his eyes. “I thought he hated me.”
        “He’s never approved of your grandfathers decision to
marry an earthling, he was supposed to marry Ayeka. Nonetheless,
what’s done is done and we can’t change that. However, for you
sake, Misaki and I felt it would be best if before you left Earth you
were married.”
        “To Ayeka?”
        Funaho nodded. “And Ryoko,... and Mihoshi.”

        Tenchi’s eye’s widened. “All three?”
        “You while find few allies among the royal court. Each of
you wives possesses skills that will help.”
        Tenchi considered this, it didn’t seem to make much sense.
“What skills?”
        “Ayeka was raised in the court, she can teach you what you
need to survive there. Ryoko is still feared by many Juraians, so
having her with you will prevent people from dismissing you. And
Mihoshi’s analytical skills will help you deal with the various
conspiracies and petty in-fighting that are a mainstay of court life.”
        Tenchi considered Funaho's words, he had always thought
of the women in
his life as friends, sisters even. He hadn’t wanted to chose because
he was afraid of losing any of them, now he was being presented
the opportunity to have ALL of them. “When do I get married?”
His voice carried a nervous excitment.
        “Later. Juraian weddings are a little simpler than you’re
used to. A lot of marriages are used to seal alliances between
families, you don’t want a long ceremony when it’s a marriage in
name only.”
        “So these marriages are only for show?”
        “That is between you and them. No one else can make that
decision”
        Great, Tenchi thought, my life had just become MORE
complicated.
        Funaho stood up and held out her hand. “Come, we should
go up to the shrine.”

Up at the Shrine...

        Despite what had been said about ‘getting ready for the
wedding’, the women were all sitting in Yosho’s office sipping tea
and talking. Yosho and Noboyuki were sweeping out the shrine
and avoiding the girls.
        When Tenchi and Funaho reached the shrine they saw
Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, and Ryoko exit the office.
        “What happened?” Tenchi asked.
        “I don’t know, Mother just kicked us all out.” Sasami said.
        The girls sat down on the steps. Funaho stepped past them
and into the office.
        “Tenchi, this is my brother Zoran.” Mihoshi gestured to the
young man who had arrived with Telari.
        The boy looked up at Tenchi and smiled. “Hi.”
        He then went back to playing a game he brought. He held a
control pad in one hand and in front of him was a pair of
holographic spaceships engaged in combat.
        Tenchi didn’t see anything that looked like a projector.
        “Hello.” Tenchi returned the gesture.
        The shrine door opened and Funaho stepped out, followed
by Misaki, Washuu, Kiyone, and Telari.
        Misaki grabbed up Tenchi. “Welcome to the family!”
        “Huh?”
        Funaho handed Tenchi a paper scroll. “Here, read this.”
        Tenchi unrolled the paper, he spent a moment looking at
the writing. “I don’t read Juraian.” He looked up at Funaho.
        “You’ll have to learn. This is a family record you record
births, deaths, and marriages.” Funaho pointed to a set of lines,
“This is you and your wives. You’re now married.”
        Tenchi stared at the lines. ‘Now married?’ THAT WAS
IT?? He looked back at Funaho. “That was it?”
        “I said that Juraian marriages were simple. The mothers
agreements are all that is really needed. That’s why Telari was
invited here.”
        Ryoko floated up and vanished. She came down behind
Tenchi and wrapped her arms around him.
        “Here that? Were married now, no more running.” she
whispered in his ear.
        Tenchi went through several shades of red.
        “RYOKO!” Ayeka’s voice made Tenchi cringe
        “What!?”
        “Some time ago, you agreed that I could be first with
Tenchi.  I am
now holding you to that promise.”
        “What! When?”
        Ayeka raised an eyebrow, inviting Ryoko to either
contradict her or
to remember the incident.  "You should be fully aware of when
you make
promises, Ryoko.  As Tenchi's CONSORT, what you say at court
could either
embarrass him, or commit him to something.”
        Ryoko “humphed,” and released Tenchi.
        “What about me? When do I get my turn?”
        Ayeka and Ryoko turned to Mihoshi. Lasers shot out of
their eyes.
        “I’ll wait my turn.” Mihoshi backed off.
        Ayeka and Ryoko continued their discussion.
        Tenchi let his mind wander into areas he had been
avoiding. a brief trickle of blood exited his nose.
        “Tenchi, you’re bleeding.” Sasami’s face appeared before
Tenchi.
        “He’s having naughty thoughts.” Misaki grinned.
        “Well, he is a married man, it’s not completely naughty.”
Telari joined in.
        Tenchi came close to passing out again. “Hey, won’t the
emperor have to approve this?”
        Funaho shook her head, “He has no say in this. It’s
Misaki’s decision.”
        “What about Serio?”
        “What about him?”
        “The emperor seemed pretty intent on him marrying
Ayeka.”
        “Misaki agreed to that. If Ayeka had come home with us
she would have married him, but since she wanted to stay with
you, the marriage was canceled.”
        “Speaking of marriage,” Washuu turned to Kiyone. “Isn’t it
time to get ready for yours?”
        “You’re right, lets go back to the house.”
        The herd of women departed, Ryoko lingered for a
moment. “Trust me, Tenchi, no matter how Ayeka is tonight,
tomorrow I’ll rock your world.” She whispered in his ear.
        Then, Tenchi was alone with his thoughts.
        “You wanna play a game?”
        Almost.

That evening in the shrine....

        Tenchi sat in silence as Ayeka, in the role of shrine maiden,
poured sake three times into a bowl. Noboyuki took three sips
from the bowl and handed it to Kiyone. Kiyone took three sips and
passed it back. Noboyuki took the bowl and took three more sips.
        Then, the newly married couple stood, and bowed. Tenchi
let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding.

        Given how little time there was to prepare for the wedding
there was no reception, just dinner back at the house.
        Misaki demonstrated where Sasami got her cooking skill.
And Noboyuki spent the whole meal with a ridiculous grin on his
face, and occasionally holding Kiyone’s hand.
        After dinner everyone gathered in the living room and
drank a little sake (or, in Ryoko’s case, a LOT of sake).
        Sasami and Zoran played his game.
        At eight Telari said that it was time for her to leave. Tenchi
and Mihoshi followed them out to the porch.
        Telari hugged Tenchi, and said, “Take care of my little girl,
okay?”
        Tenchi nodded vigorously, while his face went through
three shades of blue.
        Mihoshi and her mother stepped closer to the ship where
Mihoshi received a short lecture in her native language. Tenchi
didn’t know what was being said, but Mihoshi turned bright red
and did  a lot of fidgeting.
        “What was that about?” Tenchi asked once Mihoshi’s mom
had left.
        “Uhm, well.... it was, y’know, uhm.... bridal stuff...”
Mihoshi shifted slight;y form side-to-side and giggled, an
emberrased blush crossing her cheeks.
        “Uhm, Mihoshi, I wanted to ask you.... is...is this
something you want?”
        Mihoshi stared at Tenchi. “You mean being married to
you?”
        Tenchi nodded.
        Faster than you could follow, Mihoshi closed the scant
inches between herself and Tenchi. Her lips pressed hard against
his, her tongue slipped in.
        Tenchi was caught by surprise, his heart skipping a beat.
He rallied back and quickly responded in kind.
        Mihoshi felt a tug on her shirt and broke the kiss.
        Zoran was standing next to her. “How long do you think it
will be before she realizes she forgot me?”


        The next day, Two a.m. ....

        Tenchi all but limped out of his bedroom. His entire image
of Ayeka as being shy and demure had been thrown out the
window. Right now, he needed a drink.
        Tenchi crept down stairs, heading for the kitchen. the living
room was dark, but there was enough moonlight for him to make
out a figure sitting on the couch. As he approached, he realized it
was Kiyone.
        “Kiyone?”
        She looked up. “Tenchi, I thought you’d be in bed.”
        “I could say the same about you.”
        Kiyone was holding Mayuka, who was sound asleep.
        “I don’t need as much sleep as you, and your father isn’t as
young as he used to be.” Kiyone grinned. “It’s okay though, were
going to spend a couple of weeks at the beach after everyone is
gone.”
        Tenchi sat down next to her on the couch. “Can I hold
her?” Tenchi gestured to Mayuka.
        “She’s your daughter.” Kiyone gently passed Mayuka to
Tenchi.
        Tenchi cradled the four month-old next in his arms. “I
really don’t feel like a father, ... I feel like an older brother.”
        “Are you going to take her with you tomorrow? When you
leave?”
        Tenchi looked at Mayuka’s tiny little face and smiled. “I
hadn’t really thought about it.”
        “Y’know, if you want... your father and I could take care of
her. You’ll probably have your hands full with the royal court. Not
to mention three wives.” Kiyone’s tone was level, but her eyes
were almost begging.
        Ever since Mayuka had come out of her artificial womb it
had been Kiyone and Washu who took care of her the most. Tenchi
hadn’t really noticed the changes in Kiyone until now.
        “Kiyone, I’ve been wondering something. When you first
arrived you seemed to want nothing more than to get back to the
Gp, and back on the promotion fast-track. Now, you’ve married
my father, I haven’t seen you in your Gp uniform in almost a year,
and now you want to take on the responsibilities of raising a child
that’s not yours. So, what I want to know is, what changed?”
        Kiyone thought for a moment, searching for an answer.
Mayuka began to cry, and Tenchi panicked.
        “Here, let me take her.”
        Tenchi gave Kiyone the baby, with much relief.
        “You go back to bed, we’ll talk tomorrow.”
        Tenchi nodded and headed back upstairs as Kiyone soothed
the crying Mayuka.

        Meanwhile, a Galaxy away....

        The planet Ahmista is known for two things; its Galaxy
renowned school of arts, and its many farms, which grow a wide
variety of rare spices for export. Most of the citizens are involved
in farming, or the arts and sometimes both.
        Zelgadis was a farmer, ‘was’ being the operative word. He
is currently fast on his way to becoming fertilizer. He had been
descending a sheer rock face when his anchorline came loose and
he fell more than eight-hundred feet to the rocks below.
        Zelgadis, Zel to his friends, stood on the rocks looking
down at his broken, bleeding body. His blood was dripping down
the rocks into the water.  At least some part of him would be
useful, he thought. To fall on bare rock and nourish nothing was as
close to damnation as you could get, according to the faith of his
people.
        “Hello.”
        Zel spun around at the word. Standing behind him was a
young woman, about nineteen he guessed. She had soft brown hair
and marks on her cheeks and forehead. She was also grinning
ear-to-ear. “Uh,... hi.”
        “My name is Tokimi. I would like to offer you a chance to
live.”
        Zel looked down at his body. “You can bring me back to
life?”
        Tokimi nodded.
        “What do I have to do?”

        And back to Earth....

        The Misaki household got a late start. Only Sasami and
Misaki, who fixed brunch for everyone, got up before ten. Finally,
just before eleven, the household assembled for breakfast. Tenchi
and  Noboyuki both had the stupid grin of the recently married
male, the one that implies their brains will be showing up on milk
cartons. Ayeka got dragged into a corner by Mihoshi and Ryoko
and then spent a few minutes blushing.
        A few minutes into breakfast Tenchi’s head hit the table
with a resounding thud, his breathing deepened and he began to
snore softly.
        “Jeez Ayeka, you could have saved some for me an
Mihoshi.” If he was too tired for HER bridal night, there would be
hell to pay.
        Ayeka blushed and looked down at her plate.
        “Not a problem.” Washu said, between mouthfuls of food.
A small, black spot  appeared over the table, a hypospray came
floating out. Washu took the device and injected some brown
colored fluid into Tenchi’s neck.
        Tenchi’s head shot up, he looked down at his plate, took
his chopsticks in one hand and his rice bowl in the other and
proceeded to down food at a rate that would have had the
Saotomes staring in awe. Finished, the rice bowl clattered to the
table, Tenchi stood up and said,
“Anyonewanttotakeawalkwithme?”
        Everyone stared silently.
        “Guessnot,i’llbebacklater.” Tenchi then proceeded to
‘walk’ out of the house at a pace that would have set an Olympic
record.
        Funaho turned to Washu. “What did you give him?”
        “Think of it as caffeine to the Nth degree.”
        Kiyone leaned close to Washu and said, “Do you think I
can have some of that later?”

        Later...

        Tenchi stood in the middle of his room. The sheets had
been removed from the bed, his clothes and personnel effects were
packed and ready to go. All signs of personality had been removed.
It wasn’t that he would never be here again, but he new that this
would never be HIS room again.
        He had lived in this room for as long as he could
remember.  He looked out the window at the hills and the lake, his
view used to be of the house next door. That was before Ryoko.
His entire life had been turned upside down when he freed Ryoko.
        Whatever path his life might have taken he would never
know. Now he would be going to another world, he would serve an
emperor, as did the Samurai of old; then his life would really be
upside down. Of course, in space, up and down were relative
terms.
        “Tenchi?”
        Tenchi turned to the door, Kiyone was standing in standing
in the doorway. His fathers wife. His stepmother. That would take
some getting used to.
        Kiyone moved closer to Tenchi. “Ready to go?”
        “I think so.”
        Kiyone stepped past Tenchi and sat down on his bed.
“Tenchi, what we were talking about last night....”
        “About Mayuka?”
        “I meant about me. Did I ever tell you about my father?”
        Tenchi shook his head.
        “My mother died when I was young, like yours. So I was
raised by my father. He was in the G-P, he was a detective
sergeant. I pretty much just followed in his footsteps, I joined the
G-P because it’s what was expected of me. I worked hard and
excelled because that was what was expected too. But when I got
here,... well, I think it’s something in the air. Nobody around here
seems to be doing what’s expected of them. When I arrived I had a
lot of time to consider my life, I realized that I had been living the
life my father planned for me, and had never really made any
descisions on my own. So I just sort of drifted emotionaly for a
while, eventually I realized that I’m a lot happier here than I ever
was at the Galaxy Police.”
        “So you’re going to resign from the G-P and become a
housewife? What if this is just a passing thing?”
        Kiyone thought for a moment. “I’ve considered that. If I’m
not following a true calling, then I will pay the price. I’m prepared
to accept that.”
        “Are you and Dad going to have any kids?”
        “I’m not sure we can, but there’s still time for that.”
        “Tenchi? Were ready to go, are you?” Ayeka said from the
doorway.
        “I’ll be there in just a minute.” Tenchi turned back to
Kiyone. “Take care of Mayuka  and my dad, okay?”
        Kiyone smiled. “You bet!”

        Noboyuki, Kiyone, Washu, and Yosho stood on the dock as
the ship vanished into subspace.
        “Do you think he’ll be okay?”
        Kiyone put her arm on Noboyuki’s shoulder. “He’ll be
fine.”
        Washu turned and walked inside. “I have some research to
do.” No o ne noticed the tears glistening her cheeks. Again a man
was taking her child from her, and this time she couldn’t even
resent him for it.
        “I think the shrine needs sweeping.” Yosho headed off to
the shrine.

TBC