Author's name: "Alpha T. Sigma"
e-mail address: JonetsuPisces@aol.com
this is a regular based fic
The Title is called Destiny: Tales of Sorrows
(Dreams can alter reality with fantasy, even reveal hidden truths and 
the path of fate lain before each and every one of us).
Age: 17 by 03/12/02

Disclaimer: Hey Alpha here!  
You can burn it! You can flame it to the fires of !
You can tear it!  You can slash it to the fires of !
You can bad mouth!  You can MST to the fires of !.
Do what you will with my story I don't care.
There is no point in saying all the dumb a$% stuff about AIC and 
Pioneer.

It is important to know that this Prologue does not feature any of your 
best favorite characters until Episode I (Don't you just hate when the 
author does that to you?) I can say it is in the OVA series with the 
invitation of Kiyone.  Kagato(I really hate this bastard!) plays a 
strong role in this fic as well.  You'll be surprised what his part is 
in the fic.  Achika's also in this fic as well, and you will know her 
role in this prologue also, but please bear with me- the story will 
play out as I go with the flow.  
	"And one more thing" before the prologue starts: Tenchi and Ryoko 
are by far the most precious couple there is in the Tenchi Series.  I 
don't give a rat's ass about Ayeka and if Sasami was in Tenchi's age 
group I prefer her to be with him then Ayeka, only if Ryoko wasn't in 
the series. She's freaky but in a cool kind of way. So by far any fic 
any where will always have Washu as Ryoko's mother, and Ryoko and 
Tenchi falling in love.	Maybe if I do a crossover.just maybe. (Ayeka 
fans are probably saying; yeah what else is new in the world today?) 
With this said on to my first attempt of a fic.  One that seems to 
actually work without me getting writers' block!!
This is a regular fic by the way.

: means talking
(thinking)
-an action taking place 
before/after/during their speech.-

On to this story


Destiny: Tales of Sorrow

Prologue: Weeping Dimension
Part I: The War Against Saikin

	Swords clashed together in an intense battle between the twin 
deities Zenkami-O and Saikin-Ohi. 

It was a horrible war.  Amongst their own homes, Cosmos was 
constantly nearly torn to shreds.  Fire, and ashes arose from the 
planets still among in their dimension.  Planets were being executed, 
and the stars in space where the battle was taken place were slowly 
dying destroying planets as well.  The gases from the star explosions 
giving off a sense of "polluted solution".  Some deities were beaten to 
the extend of their powers were completely gone.  Others became pawns 
for Saikin, controlling them to fight against their ruler- Zenkami-O.  
She loved the thrill of war for this was the ultimate Devil, and he 
couldn't compare to the Goddess of Darkness' powers.  She thrived on 
the minor deities fear, she was in complete domination and not even her 
brother could stop her new coming reign.

Saikin: I might not even need the powers of the origins or the Shift at 
all.
Zenkami-O: You have an alter ego.  Too much confidence is a bad thing 
dear sister.

	Her only opponent worthy of fulfilling her excitement cut 
Saikin's laughter short.
	Saikin's cat eyes glowed with the death of a plague within.  She 
made an effort in activating her long black energy blade that crackled 
with the electric currents dark blue, gray, and red enigmas.
	Zenkami-O did the same as well, except his blade was a zigzagged 
energy sword that glowed pure white and crackled with silver, yellow, 
and light green currents.

Saikin: -makes a quick motion in moving her left arm, pointing her 
blade in her brother's face. - Ready for exile dear brother.
Zenkami-O: -sneers- if it means taking you down with me, so be it!

	The ultimate battle begun, when Zenkami-O sprinted for his sister 
neck.  Saikin couldn't help but mock him with laughs of confidence.  
She, in the blink of an eye, clashed swords with her brother.  Their 
strengths were equally matched.  It was apparent because neither could 
get the other to defend them selves against the other.
	Tired of her brother's stubbornness, Saikin flipped herself 
backwards over her brother teleported and kicked his neck.  Zenkami-O 
went flying rapidly through space.  Saikin came flying in for the kill, 
as she readied her black blade only wishing if her brother were mortal, 
it be stain with steaming blood.  That was her desire to thrive off the 
pain of others and see the sight of her lunatic thinking at work. 
	She missed him only by a few inches away from his back.  He was 
nowhere, yet she sensed his train of thought and where she sense 
thought, she sensed the very exact location of his being.
Saikin stabbed her blade behind her by her right side.  She was angered 
when she felt nothing cling to her blade, but in the blink of an eye, 
saw a fist go into her right jaw.
	They continued they never ending fight of throws, punches, stabs, 
and kicks.  One, not ever trying to give-up, Zenkami-O for the claim 
and protection of his universe, Saikin, for the domination and ruling 
the universe without the laws she see are weak and uncanny.

Saikin: I love your taste in a fight, but it's time to get serious.

Saikin formed another black blade in her right hand, her eyes closed, 
engulfing herself in a catalyst of negative electric currents and 
flaming stars of fire.
	Zenkami-O formed two jagged edged angel wings from his back.  
Diminishing his blade, he produced a radiant sphere of pure energy in 
his palms.

Powers collided with one another.  Saikin-Ohi made a black energy 
blade, at the same time her powers had collided with her twin's.  It 
gave her the upper hand to strike him, and she did.  She moved quickly, 
in a rage stabbing her brother where his heart was.  

The other deities, who were in different locations, felt the 
cries of Zenkami-O's suffering.

Saikin: If only you were mortal. - She continued to deepen her blade 
within him. -  Soon I will claim a way over all of you- the power to 
kill a god!!

	Saikin-Ohi took her blade out of her brother, and prepared to 
stab him again.  Zenkami-O only floated their trying to regain some 
strength to protect him from Saikin's next coming attack.

	

Konomae, with the deity mark of "past" bestow upon her cheeks, 
was the one who attacked Saikin-Ohi.  She attack with all her strength, 
her power attack "deadly soul genesis" was emitted from her mythic 
staff of old. The power directly aimed at their enemy.  
	Her younger sisters Ima with the deity mark of "present" and 
Mirai with the deity mark of "future" was only there to back their 
sister up. Konomae had been direct about staying out of the way.  Her 
sisters always obeyed her orders.
	They saw the damage done to nearby planets in their dimension. 
The battle was taking place in space.  Even with all the power Konomae 
has emitted, it still did no harm to Saikin, whom mark was on her hand, 
which meant "end".
	The two sisters went over to Zenkami-O's side, watching over him, 
in case something happened.
  
	She smiled widely, and then began with a small laugh, which 
turned into a menacing laugh of mockery towards the Fate of Past.

Saikin: Pitiful, and you came all this way to save my brother? My 
powers are stronger.  I will claim by brother's throne, after all- his 
weak demeanors will cause the Shift to clasped and who knows what that 
will do to my universe!
Mirai: We will not allow you to hurt the universe with your diseased 
powers Saikin!

	Mirai had a true pureness within her, a child-goddess and 
youngest of all the others; she was just as strong to even try to over 
power Saikin.  She held a staff of new that was 2ft. and a half longer 
than herself.

Saikin: What spirit, being as you are the sisters of fate- I myself can 
alter your own fates as well.
Mirai: You know that's only if-
Konomae: Silence Mirai!!  This Virus already has an advantage over us 
in power-maybe.  She must not know the true origins of our powers, and 
that will make her search for the others origins just as easy!
Mirai: I apologize.
Konomae: It's all right Mirai.
Saikin: You're boring me, if only there was a way to kill all of you, 
this would be over.

	Zenkami-O was surprised by this new information.  He now knew he 
must protect the universe at all costs from his twin.  He knew Saikin 
was thinking very hard about something big, and was determined not to 
make it happened.
	A new thought ran through Saikin's head.  That future brat just 
announced something that not even Zenkami-O knew about, but only the 
sisters of Fate knew. She saw them to her advantage now, they would 
lead her to what she craved most- domination.
	Saikin smiled at her new tactic.

Ima: What is so amusing Saikin?
Saikin: Maybe it will be in your best interest to keep Mirai's mouth 
shut.
Ima: Yes, but you still do not know the true origins, and we will make 
sure you never do.
Saikin: Hmm, intrigue me; tell me Konomae, are you three the only ones 
who have this knowledge?
Konomae: I cannot say.

	Saikin's red/gray eyes held a deathly narrow glare.  Besides 
Tsunami, the Fate of Past spoke with the up most annoyance.  No direct 
answer, just trying to torment her mind by making her think further 
about her obstacles.  At this point Saikin did not care whether they 
were the only ones are not, she knew there was a way to either make 
them die or just become one of the mortal plain. She had clues, thus 
she had theories. She smirked at the stupidity her twin shown.  To 
choose the ones who knew about True origins of each deity, and have 
them face her, all to tell her something she never knew existed until 
now.
	Saikin's viral power came in contact with the fate sisters.  Her 
virus trying to overtake their bodies, they could not feel the pain, 
like any mortal would.  To be able to describe how badly it felt for 
over 100 volts of energy to bring you to your execution.
	They would not allow her disease to overpower them and they broke 
free.  Three days non-stop of fighting Saikin, they were what seem 
tired.  Each nearly had no more energy to go on like this.

Ima: Konomae! Mirai! Let's find the last bit of faith within our own 
powers together!
Zenkami-O: No!! She is too powerful for all three of you!! 
Konomae: You worry about regenerating yourself sire!  It will at least 
give you time to regain your strength.
Zenkami-O: But-
Ima: No Buts!  Let's go!

	Zenkami-O said nothing he only nodded.  They nodded their heads 
an as well.  The Fate Sisters ready their staffs' for one last attack 
on Saikin.

Konomae: Wailing Deadly Soul Genesis!
Ima: Revolutionary Dawn Aurora Crisis!
Mirai: Revelation Evade Armageddon!

	Their powers united as one collage aiming for Saikin.  Saikin 
only had one finger up in the air, her eyes closed, and a smirk upon 
her face once more. She began to glow black; red, black, and gray 
chains of plasmatic aurora engulfed her body. Dark blue electric 
currents flowed through Saikin from head to toe. Saikin waited for the 
worthless energy to consume her.
	When it did, and the powerful explosion seem to weaken Saikin the 
Fate sisters were shocked.  Saikin was a virus within her whole being!  
She managed to entwine their last bit of power with her own and in 
nanoseconds; they felt what mortals knew as pain.  Pain? It was 
ridiculous to feel pain when you were a deity. Ima couldn't withstand 
the torment her body just gone through.  She was out of it in mere 
minutes.  Her present features were change with the horrid colors of 
Saikin's virus in her body.  Konomae and Mirai was raged, they 
struggled with the grasp of the virus consuming its prey.  Soon 
Konomae's wailing was silent and she too was out.  Mirai was all that 
was left; she continued to struggle with the virus.
	Saikin acknowledged this, because only if she was a child, Mirai 
had some power left that was fending off her "attacker"; however her 
small body couldn't continue to defend herself any longer.  It wasn't 
until a few more minutes before the child goddess passed out.  Saikin 
began her menacing laugh, seeing her last victim slowly being rendered 
unconscious. 

	Zenkami-O was in disbelief, it was all his fought this happened 
to them, but they didn't listen- but still he should have done 
something! He kept telling himself this.

	"Neo Silent Lunatic Scythe of Death!!"
	"Maelstrom Celestial Dark Moon Frenzy!!"
	"Solar Spirit Shadows!!"
	Three powerful attacks came in two directions catching Saikin off 
guard.  The plasma power succeeds in making her lose perspective of her 
powers.  This caught Zenkami-O's attention, and he was surprised to see 
three more loyal deities to him. 

One woman with cyan hair that went down to her ankles held a now-
in-peaceful-sleep Mirai.  Who was lucky unlike her sisters whose bodies 
were now most likely under Saikin's control?  Another woman with light 
brown hair that went to her elbows stood in front of one who did not 
attack Saikin. Another was a man with brown hair who held a flaming 
energy sword in his hands.  He stood five feet in front of Saikin, 
ready for any assaults.  Their glares showed hatred for the one called 
the goddess of Darkness.

Saikin: Using others to fight your older sister now are we?
	-Her own glare was just as sharp as his was, she stared back into 
his hazel cat eyes. - So Tsuki, Taiyo and Hoshiko have joined you dear 
brother?
Hoshiko: We have always showed our loyalty and respect for the Prince 
Zenkami-O in stopping your sick virus.
Tsuki:  What have you done to the Fate Sisters!
Zenkami-O: She will not answer you Tsuki.  She did this for her reasons 
for the Eternal Origins.
Taiyo:  The same mythic tale told of the Shift!  I thought it were all 
a fable.
Hoshiko: The Eternal Origins were said; to be created by the four 
cardinal goddesses of the 5th element.
Zenkami-O: The same ones who rule under me and control the Chrono 
Shift.
Saikin: So you figure out my motives?
Zenkami-O: What do you want with the Fate Sisters is one thing that 
puzzles me Saikin.
Saikin: -she laughed once more. - Zenkami-O you are very comedic.  -
Saikin teleported Konomae and Ima at her sides, her focus never leaving 
Zenkami-O. - Did you know about the Eternal Origins dear brother?
Zenkami-O: Yes, only in legend, even as ruler of the universe I had not 
known of the plans the cardinal goddesses have conjure up.
	Before Saikin could speak again, a weak speech has work its way 
out of Mirai's mouth.
Mirai: The Cardinal Goddesses had a purpose for the Eternal Origins, 
which goes hand in hand with the reason why we protect their Chrono 
Shift.
Hoshiko: please little one doesn't speak right now.  You're very hurt. 
-Hoshiko's motherly instincts left her, when her attention dawn on 
Saikin. - Speaking of which, how in the hell did you manage to inflict 
damage upon a god!
Saikin: Only my power can do that, I am a virus that plagues into your 
fears, and yes even though we are gods we have human emotions.  They 
may not surface as the humans, but they are buried deep within us and 
you know I am right.  Bringing us back to the subject at hand, since no 
one among us except the Fate sisters and the Cardinal goddesses knew of 
the Eternal Origins.  It shows none of us know what they are and where 
their located.
Mirai: You'll never get my sisters to talk about the Shift or the 
Origins!!
Saikin: That is where you are wrong my dear Mirai.


	Saikin formed a dark electric catalyst around her and the two 
fate sisters.  Tsuki out of anger attacked the orb but had no success 
in dispersing it.  
Taiyo: Stay and fight coward!!
	He also attacks full speed towards Saikin.  This stops her from 
leaving them, but not taking in two of the fate sisters.

Mirai: No!! Ima! Konomae!!-The child goddess shed tears; Saikin took 
her family away from her.

	This angered Saikin, the sun god challenged her and stopped her 
from escaping.  She smiled widely almost beginning to laugh.

Saikin: You dare challenge me sun god? - She formed two energy balls in 
her hands they sparkled with electricity.
Taiyo: - smiled at this eager to begin. - Yes.
Saikin: Good.  Haaaaaaaaa!!!!!

	Saikin started the coming assault on Taiyo. Zenkami-O rushed in 
and hit his sister with a powerful bang of energy.  Taiyo was angered.

Taiyo: I could have taken her!
Zenkami-O: This is my fight Taiyo! I'm the only one here capable of 
defeating my sister!

Saikin was very pissed off now. Her eyes glowed with that same 
threatening aurora. 
Saikin: A challenge? A challenge you shall have!!! That's make the odds 
more even.
	Saikin emitted a hellish scream that could make them become deaf 
in the ear. Behind the Dark one was six figures that were forming out 
of the mist.  One had short black spiked hair and his eyes were brown, 
he was known as Hakai the deity of the underworld.  Next was a woman, 
she had yellow hair at her shoulders and her eyes were a dark gray she 
was Shikuma, deity of the dead.  There was the Chaos deity, Mechaku, 
his hair is red and his eyes light green.  The brown hair, green eye 
deity of the Phenomenon was called Mukajo.  Another deity behind the 
dark one was the deity of magic, Maho with blue hair and eyes.  The 
last deity was known as one of ESP she has shades of brown in her hair 
and her eyes red- this one was called Sei.

	Hoshiko glared strongly at them, especially Hakai. The others 
also showed their hatred for these foolish gods to side with Saikin.

Hoshiko: -whispers to Mirai- Go little one, you will not take part in 
this battle.
	Mirai escaped from Hoshiko's grasp and flew off. Hakai went for 
the child goddess, but Hoshiko stopped his advances without looking in 
his eyes she spoke.

Hoshiko: Mirai is none of your concern you will face me.
Hakai: You have a strong spirit to be facing me Hoshiko. I accept it 
Celestial goddess.
Hoshiko: Good.
	Hoshiko's jewelry glowed bright like neon in an aurora of a 
rainbow. On her neck, wrists, and ankles- a set of angel wings formed. 
Her mark on the forehead started glowing. She formed a huge rainbow 
colored sword it glowed with a red light at the edges she held it 
tight.
	Hakai smirked black angel wings formed from his back, head, and 
wrists. His forehead mark also began glowing.  A blue sword almost seem 
black was held in each hand.
	The other deities followed suit, forming swords and their kami 
marks glowing where, ever that made be.

Saikin: Ready to end your suffering!

	At the sound of Saikin's words, the deities charged and began to 
fight furiously in space.  Hakai had attacked first, and Hoshiko strike 
next.  Plus three most gods on Zenkami-O's side had joined in the 
battle.  They were called Fuyumi, Raisho, and Kiyo.

	Zenkami-O and Saikin-Ohi found each other face-to-face amongst 
the fighting of good vs. evil.
Zenkami-O: Dear sister, you will not get what you desire not by the 
darkness in your heart!  Even to be an accursed goddess of darkness 
does not mean your heart is not pure!
Saikin: FOOL!!  Your stupidity shows you are a fool Zenkami!  If to 
have good, you must have bad these are opposites in life except it! 
Without the dark night, there is no lighted day. You and I are 
opposites of each other.  You are fair while I am foul and as we make 
up the balance of evening the opposites; we must both endure eternal 
exile!!

	Zenkami-O knew his sister lost her damn mind at that point.  She 
was true to an extend, but he knew all her talking was a way of saying 
she felt him to be superior to herself. No matter how she would and 
never will admit it. She would rather take him with her in defeat, even 
in death if she could.

Zenkami-O: You are insane!
Saikin: No, I don't seem to see it that way, and I'm not going into 
exile alone.

Saikin used up all her power to force more gravity upon them both.  
Zenkami-O in effort to stop her is force to use his own power, which 
causes much friction inside the orb of power.  
It explodes causing a vast disturbance in the dimension. 

***********************************************************************

Prologue: Weeping Dimension
Part II: Exile of the Gods

Mirai, the only fate left, had been watching from afar the 
happenings of the battle.  It was too much for her to bear all of them 
shouldn't be fighting each other.  Just then she felt the energy of two 
more presences near her, and the oncoming explosion made by the twins.  
She used her powers to stop herself from begin hit by the explosion.
	
	"THEN WE SHALL GIVE ETERNAL EXILE!!" Mirai recognized the voice; 
it belonged to the empress and governed of the deities- Nodoka.  Beside 
her, her husband Kagato, the emperor and also governed of the gods. 

	At her voice, the deities stopped and saw her and her husband. 
Kagato: ONLY THOSE WHO ARE THE "KEYS" SHALL BE PUNISHED!!
Nodoka: THE PUNISHMENT- REBORN IN THE MORTAL REALM AS HUMANS WITH NO 
MEMORIES OF THEIR FORMAL SELFS!!
	At this Hoshiko and Hakai were engulfed by the auroras of Nodoka 
and Kagato's powers. 

Zenkami-O eyes went wide as he saw Hoshiko begin taking away from 
Cosmos forever! All the deities were confused and in shock all at the 
same time.  What did their emperor mean by the "keys"?
Zenkami-O: Ho-shi-Hoshiko!!!!
Tsuki and Taiyo: Hoshiko!!

	Tears? Small pecks of water shed from the Celestial deity and one 
word escaped her lips before she was taken.
Hoshiko: Zenkami-O

Mirai couldn't believe it! What she saw- the child goddess ran 
screaming out of control.
Mirai: HOSHIKO!!! Why Her?! Bring her back- Hoshiko's never done 
anything wrong!!-Mirai was crying she looked up at Nodoka.  Trying to 
find answers.  Kagato knelt down near the weeping child, his grip firm 
and harmless.  
Kagato: You know why Mirai, this is best for the universe.
Mirai: Couldn't there been another way?! Why did it have to be Hoshiko!
Kagato: You know why, even before your birth, this had been decided.
Mirai just clutched onto his robes, crying uncontrollable. Kagato 
wrapped his arms around the child, and picked her up.

Saikin: Father, Mother. -Saikin bowed before them.  Her eye twitching. 
- 
	Zenkami-O only had his back turned to them both.
Zenkami-O: Father, Mother. - His arms were crossed, still clinging 
tightly to one of Hoshiko's bracelets.  
Nodoka: Why are you upset? And why are you showing such loyalty?
	The first question for Zenkami-O, the second for Saikin-Ohi.
Zenkami-O: How dare you ask me this, you know why! What is our 
punishment mother?
Nodoka: Some things can't be helped my son.
Zenkami-O: BS!!
Saikin: Hmph! Loyalty, don't make me laugh, it's only the proper way to 
greet you two.  All this talk, has made me rather interested in both 
Hoshiko, Hakai, and my brother's weakness in such a thing called love.  
-She laughed, it was too amusing for her. - 
Nodoka: The only thing amusing is your poor lack of excepting love. 
Kagato: Enough of this talk, Cosmos is in great suffering, so are the 
souls that lie within each and ever one of you.  We were sent here to 
carry out an order from the elder gods.
Nodoka: Eternal Exile.
	Kagato put Mirai inside a white sphere to protect her.  She 
couldn't get out or be heard by any one. The Emperor and Empress used 
their powers, every deity was rather being in the fight or somewhere 
else in this dimension had been enclosed inside a white orb of great 
power.
	Nodoka and Kagato surrounded their bodies in white spheres also.  
A weird motion started to happen all around them...in the center of 
Cosmos, was a crystal, which seemed to reflect everything around it.  
Glowing with intense power, it made ripples and than spreading in all 
directions- electricity went hay wired.  They were destroying the 
dimension!! Cosmos was ripped apart, and each deity surrounded in an 
orb seem to be dead by the way of the explosive orbs.  Cosmos was gone 
out of sight.  
Mirai didn't know what to do, she just witness the end of a new 
beginning.  She knew why all of this was happening, just like the 
Emperor said.  But she wished she didn't though.  Time wasn't fair 
neither to her race and she now realize it- time wasn't fair to anyone.

The three came out of their shields.  They stood in a void of 
nothingness.  Mirai was silent Nodoka brought a small clear crystal 
near her.  Kagato looked at Mirai. 
Nodoka: Cosmos- we would never destroy- it is our home.  The only home 
we know of Mirai. -She showed them, what was inside the star shaped 
crystal that could fit easily between two plams.
Mirai: There are two galaxies Nodoka.
Kagato: Yes, this is cosmos separated- one side, Zenkami and the pure 
hearted deities now live in exile away from his sister and her deities.
	This made her smile a little more knowing that everyone was al 
all right regardless of their chosen side.

*********************************************************************

Prologue: Weeping Dimension
Part III: Mission for the Fate Goddess of Future


"Are you sure that this is best for the universe?" A voice announced.	

Four precious stars the colors were green, red, blue, and yellow 
formed a perfect cardinal around the child deity.  Tokimi- northern 
point and keeper of the element Earth:  Washu- southern point and 
keeper of the element fire: Tsunami- eastern point and keeper of the 
element water:  Last but not least Achika- western point and keeper of 
the element wind.

Tokimi: What elder gods sent you to put a dangerous dimension such as 
Cosmos in an exile?
"I have!" was that of another voice.
Mirai: Father!
Washu: Jikan, true you are an elder, but neither of Chrono Shift or 
Eternal Origins.  For they rest even now.  You should have not made 
this order Jikan.
Jikan: Wise as you might be Washu- Cosmos would put the entire universe 
in Jeopardy! Especially now that Saikin has two of my daughters.  You 
know very well what would happen if Hoshiko and Hakai were used.
Nodoka: Now that your so-called invention is in deep crisis!
Washu: Don't you talk to me about inventions Nodoka!  Our Shift has 
been doing fine in protecting what is meant to be protected!
Kagato: In the past, but ever since Jikan decided against being one of 
them, it's failing miserably.  We don't know for sure where the shift 
is located exactly, but we have the ideal that Cosmos it the key to 
your unstable Shift.  
Tsunami: You all cannot blame my sister for Jikan's actions.  The Shift 
does has a mind of its own, because its source of energy is the eldest 
of all the deities.
Mirai: What will happen to the universe?
Tokimi: If the shift is given high amounts of energy unstable- complete 
destruction. 
Achika: This will only be decided upon what the elders said and want 
the shift to do.
Washu: You know the answers dear child.
	Washu teleports the star crystal in front of her away from 
Nodoka. She and her sisters incased Kagato and Nodoka into spheres.
Nodoka: WHAT ARE YOU DOING!!!
	They didn't answer her only sent her into the crystal, where she 
spent her exile alone in her temple separate from her children.  
Kagato- they sent into another dimension, separating him from his 
immortal soul.  He was now like Hoshiko and Hakai who were gone as 
well.

Jikan: What was that for?
Tokimi: You had no right giving them the order to put Cosmos in 
Jeopardy like this!
Jikan: The universe and the shift are both safe from the senseless war 
between their children and their followers!
Achika: You do not understand!
Tsunami: If these Children find a way to cross their separate exile 
they will do more harm than done on the universe!
Achika: Especially in exile!
Washu: If they destroy Cosmos, they destroy the paths to the elders, 
and the elders will be lost to us!
Tokimi: And.all the things in the universe will be forgotten, we will 
become mortal or worse no longer exist, and if Saikin finds the way, 
she will try and contain this power.  She and her brother are the only 
ones who will be left with knowledge.
Washu: Only one can contain it, we hope it will not come down to this 
Jikan.
Tsunami: If so..you better pray for Kagato's son.
Achika: Perhaps your best bet will be Saikin.  You know what we speak 
of. It is no longer up to you to change fate nor Ima's, nor Konomae's.
Tokimi: We are the only deities left, the journey must be given to the 
child.

	Jikan nodded at this, he let the sisters make their decision. 
Mirai: What do you want with me?
Tsunami: Dear Goddess of things to come and will be.
Achika: We are here to help sweet Mirai.
Washu: Because we believe in your heart.
Tokimi: Also we know you will do the right thing.
Mirai: -she became radiant with joy- Thank-you so much Sisters of the 
Chrono Shift.
Tsunami: Washu.
Washu: -Washu gives the crystal to Mirai. - I am pretty sure you know 
what to do with this.
Mirai: I understand that this is Cosmos, separated and nearly 
diminished. But, how can I-
Tokimi: You must seek out a mortal with a pure heart and has the 
ability to actually see Cosmos.
Mirai: Is that possible?
Jikan: Anything is possible Mirai.  My dear, there is said to be one 
more deity of that has both the blood of the deities and the mortals. 
Achika: Still we must do something. After all, Mirai is this 
dimension's only hope left and we cannot send off to be alone.
Mirai: I will be fine.  Anyhow I know the future, so I already have a 
destination set.   
Washu: Mirai, be mindful and protect this dimension with all your 
heart. No one hear, but you, your sisters, and father know the future.
Mirai: Don't worry, I will!

	The Four sisters enveloped the youngest goddess into the elements 
of power and sent her to the realm of the mortals.  They kept faith in 
her, as well as Jikan.

Mirai opened her eyes, she wasn't in that black void anymore.  
Her father and the sisters had vanished too.  She was alone now and the 
only hope left.  All she needed to do now was wait while beginning her 
journey in a whole new realm, to find those special people who can help 
her redeem this dimension she now held in her hands of its treacherous 
doings and make it all right again.

	Mirai had the support of the Cardinal Sisters who also vanished 
without a trace, but all at once, felt their presence both in the 
Cosmos and in the mortal realm. something else was felt too.  Three 
other presences and these three only existed in reality as she did. 

***********************************************************************  

Prologue: Weeping Dimension
Part IV: Mixed Desires

	Exile, within her own realm, Saikin steady planned for the 
future.  Things would be more easier if only she had that future brat 
with her.  Putting it aside, she was laying out her plot for complete 
domination. 
	Saikin had brown hair with red and blue hi-lites, her cat eyes 
were red/gray looking.  Her outfit, nearly matched Tsunami's upper 
portion of her Juraian uniform, however from her waist down she wore 
dark green legging's, a black dress with splits on both sides. A big 
dark red belt that dangle from her waist and overlapped her left leg.
Her boots were short ankle high heels, which were brown.  She had a 
gold ring that spun around her neck, like lady Tokimi's.  
	At least she could take her exile and perfect it however she 
chose to, like her brother chose to with his half of the dimension.
Her realm was more dark and with much isolation, she manage to have a 
mixture of virtual reality and a scenery of a beautiful garden, that 
seem never ending no matter where you were.
She paced back and forth, she thought better this way.  There was a 
bigger obstacle to worry about, Mirai, and her protectors.  Yet they 
manage to exist here within the dimension itself as well as the mortal 
realm.  
	One thing, her dear brother had over her, was the ability to see 
the other realms, and maybe even communicate with what happen in the 
other worlds.  Saikin had only her instincts to go by and trusting two 
sisters Ima and Konomae.  For one thing, she had them under her 
control, her virus still running its course in their bodies.
	
	Two women sat together on the steps of a temple that belonged to 
Saikin.  One of them had White hair, her eyes were a light pinkish gray 
color.  She appeared older than the woman who sat next to her.  The 
other one had dark red hair and her eyes, a deep violet. 

Ima's violet eyes looked over the horizon, no sky, just darkness and 
nothing but flowers in every direction.

Ima:  What should come of this fight?
Konomae: Only our sister knows of things to come and will be.  Yet, 
with us, Saikin has the upper hand.  We are here to serve her, and we 
must stop Mirai.  She'll give Zenkami-O a greater advantage.
Ima: What should we do sister?
Konomae: Start telling Saikin about the Eternal Origins.  Stop the 
Shift.
Ima:- her eyes went wide with surprise- Stop the Shift? One thing we 
cannot do is stop the Shift!  
Konomae: We are basically the goddesses of time, and the Shift is 
nothing but a flow of time.
Ima: A place with time has no boundaries, and we can't stop the shift, 
not without our sister.  The two of us-it is impossible Konomae.  
Besides, the Shift is very unstable, without all three of us, time is 
unlimited and past, present, and future are all jumble into one 
parallel-
Konomae: Basically, The Shift is a whole new dimension on it's own. 
Ima: If we want to risk it, we must get the Eternal Origins first.
Konomae:- didn't hear her sister due to her thoughts- (So that's the 
true existence of-)
Ima: Konomae? Did you hear me? -Konomae was still in thought- Konomae!
Konomae: Sorry sister, I heard you; its just I figured out the real 
reason behind the existence of the Chrono Shift, we must inform Saikin 
of this.

	Ima followed behind her sister up the marble steps inside the 
temple.

******************************************************************    

	In the other half of his exile, Zenkami-O slept, it was not 
really sleep, because he was in another place, not of the place he knew 
was his exile. He was in a place where the whole universe revolved him.  
He stood upon a glossy polished floor of many gems embedded into the 
floor.  His hazel cat eyes, studied his new surroundings wandering 
where and why he was here.  His gray spiky hair went all over, he had 
black strands of hair also.  He was very young looking around in his 
early twenties. His hair was in a thick ponytail, which stopped right 
at his neck.
	All he was aware of, is he must stop his dear sister, he must 
find his lover- immortal or just another human being.  This all made 
his anger rise, even though his was calm and serene.  He felt miserable 
inside.  He wanted to do so much for the universe, he wanted to have 
the star goddess by his side once more.  But what could he do now? 
Nothing, he was in exile.  Do nothing...but put his faith into the 
hands of a child, whom spirit shone even in the darkness of hell.  He 
also thought of the one who knew of things to come and will be, because 
if a child, the youngest of them all had a heart and soul to believe in 
miracles.  He was going to also believe in them too.
	His mind coming back to his sister, and the place he was, only 
came to the conclusion she was around.  He formed his white jagged 
edged sword, being cautious and searched for her energy.  Something 
came however, four of the brightest stars blue, yellow, green, and red 
encircle the ruler of the universe.  They stop, in a cardinal position.
	Taking the form of the fifth elements, the four stars became 
water, air, earth, and fire.
Zenkami-O: Are you the four sisters?
Tsunami: Yes.  We are here to guide you, as we are protecting Mirai.
Zenkami-O: If you are here, then how can you be somewhere else?
Tokimi: Our physical bodies are in the mortal realm.  In a sense these 
are our true forms as we are only in soul right now without our 
physical bodies.
Achika: However, when we left our physical bodies, all knowledge we 
have came back here with us, while our other selves have not a memory 
of what is happening.
Washu: We each chose a different path in the mortal realm, whether we 
have died or are completely human.  But still our physical bodies are 
known to guard Mirai when we meet her, even though there is no memory, 
just familiar feelings.
Zenkami-O: I see. How is Mirai doing?  And what is the outcome of your 
other selves? What do you mean in the mortal realm?
Achika: Sadly, I have died in the mortal realm, leaving my only son, 
father, and husband behind.  But I still have my physical form even in 
death.  I watch over the souls who have reunited back within the realm 
of the dead.  
Tsunami: I have become a guardian tree of a race of people known as the 
Juraians.  They have extended rule over an entire galaxy.
They are fair and kind people. I've also merge with a child, to keep 
her from dying. 
Tokimi: Currently, I'm on my own searching for my sisters, so when it 
comes time for us to once again unite with our other bodies, we will be 
together to protect you fight against your sister, and our father.
Washu: Me, I'm a great mind in the studies of science.  Each day trying 
to figure out and create many things for the universe.  I had lost a 
family, my son and husband. From this I learned something about mortals 
here.  Then afterwards, I created a child of my own, a girl.  At an age 
of 16, she was taken away from me: by father, who has no memories of 
even knowing who he truly is.  After two, millennium I was reunited 
with my daughter; we still have some minor setbacks.
Zenkami-O: Yet I'm supposed to know all, but yet I know nothing.
Tsunami: As far as Mirai goes, she'll be approaching the earth soon.  
What she decides is up to her, she knows her role, so don't worry. We 
are with her.
Washu: You must understand this Zenkami-O, everyone involved in this 
exile or dimension is no longer in the reality.
Zenkami-O: What does this mean Lady Washu!
Washu: It means, all the chaos along with the powers you and your 
sister created was going to make the dimension destroy itself!
Achika: As you well know you are in exile.
Zenkami-O: Yes I'm aware of this.
Tokimi: Cosmos is now spilt up into two exiles of course you know this 
also.  But this was an order sent by one who used to be an elder.
Zenkami-O: Jikan?
Tsunami: Correct. It wasn't his place or right to, but he did.  Mother 
is also here exile within the Temple of the Governed. Father we are 
responsible for sending him to the mortal realm. 
Achika: Jikan heart was in the right place, about caring for the 
universe before senseless acts of war.
Washu: But what he didn't know was exiling this Realm also hurts the 
universe more than what we have ever expected.
Zenkami-O: Jikan and I talked, he told me this, but didn't say where we 
are.
Tokimi: Exiled inside a crystal shaped orbed that Mirai holds onto 
tightly.  It is engraved in her staff. 
Zenkami-O: I understand now, But I'm worried.
Achika: About what Zenkami-O?
Zenkami-O: Father, I've been keeping some watch on the universe outside 
this exile.  According to Lady Washu, he died in combat by one known 
well to us all.  But he's still alive.  It seems whatever he did to 
become the way he was, lost his true power, depending on others for 
glory, and seeking domination in the greatest of power, when he was 
once powerful of all! So why did he lose his powers?
Washu: This is something unknown to you, and you are still thinking 
about *her*?
Zenkami-O: I think about her all the time. I think about why- what was 
his damn purpose for taking her in the first place? -Zenkami-O took out 
*her* bracelet, the glow everlasting. -
Washu: Saikin-Ohi told you this already. "The power is in the Stars".  
What she did not mention was she has the ability to activate the 
merging of the Chrono Shift with the eternal Origins.  But not alone.
Zenkami-O: So is she still alive?
Washu: Her spirit yes, her body-no, but it's all how you see things 
Zenkami-O. I know the truth but the rest is for you to decide. What you 
want to be truth or a lie. We cannot stop your choices here and what 
you make of them, this is where you rule and no one here is above you. 
We don't know what will be, but for the universe's sake keep your 
sanity.

	In a blink of an eye, they vanished from sight. Zenkami-O was 
lost about what Lady Washu told him. He didn't know what sense to make 
of it. This was a sorrowful time, in all his 35,000 years his world was 
on the brink of destruction.  Zenkami-O had the power, but did he have 
the heart anymore?
	Zenkami-O had awake from his dream state, and walked onto the 
balcony of his bedroom.  The horizon of a setting sun preparing for the 
dusk, the golden rays of the sun showered the never-ending maze garden 
with an aurora of gold.  It was a spectacular sight and Zenkami-O 
enjoyed it all.  He valued such beauty this scenery was like a dream, 
in his dreams of being with only one woman.  
	In his dreams they would be in his garden.  He would lay over 
her, her golden eyes will shine like the garden staring into his hazel 
cat-like eyes.  Longing for his passionate feel and touch, she smile 
sweetly to him.  She held him to her own body.  His desires grew wild 
inside him.  Slowly his lips moved to hers wanting to taste her in 
every way, wanting to make love to her.  Every time he was near, the 
smiling woman faded away from him.  He will feel angry inside and 
everything he dreamt of was of her.  The disappearance will always make 
his desires grow even more to finding her.
	Zenkami-O walked inside his room, in the middle between two great 
windows on the opposite side of his balcony doors; was a mirror.  A 
grand mirror that let him see what went on in the other realms.

Zenkami-O:  Mirror of Truth, show me Mirai!
	With his command, his mirror showed the child-goddess.  Mirai 
struggled to fly through the asteroid belt between Jupiter and mars. 
She held on to the crystal for dear life.

Zenkami-O: She's okay.
	It semed in that very instant, Mirai paused.
Mirai: Zenkami-O?
Zenkami-O was surprised.  She could hear him speak to her.

Zenkami-O: Mirai, it's me Zenkami-O.
Mirai: How are you communicating with me?
Zenkami-O: I have access to see what goes on in the other realms.  Use 
your staff.

	Mirai activates her future staff to life.  Above it, a holo-orb 
image showed Zenkami-O from the other side.
Mirai: I can see you now!
Zenkami-O: Are you doing fine?
Mirai: Yes! My journey is almost at an end.  It's a very unique place. 
Zenkami-O: The Elemental sisters told me about your journey, and what 
has happened to us here.
Mirai: Don't worry Zenkami-O! We will be getting help soon.
	Mirai ended the image and continued to earth.  Zenkami-O had Lady 
Washu's words stuck in his head. "In spirit-yes, in body-no- either way 
it all depends on how you look at it".  He was going to try a new 
tactic in finding the star goddess.

Zenkami-O: Mirror of truth, show me Hoshiko's spirit!
	
	He couldn't believe it! There in his mirror, he saw her.  She 
seemed pretty much alive in body to him.  "Either way it all depends on 
how you look at it".  His eyes were content, and his heart skipped a 
beat.  He watched the sleeping goddess as she dreamt.  He could also 
see dreams if he wanted to, he decided against it.  There she was, so 
far away and felt so close to him all at once.  She dreamt peacefully 
and this was good enough for him.

Comments: I hope I gave some "clues" beside the point of Achika being a 
goddess in all.  If you think that was a surprise, what about Kagato's 
story! HA!  I have my reason for Achika being a goddess, trust me 
jealousy and a lot of it will surface in this story. This time it's not 
the same 'ol fights between Ryoko and Ayeka!  And I won't try to do the 
evil thing some author's do to you when you're near the end of a part 
in a story and than a character or sentence leaves you hanging with 
what the hell is going to happen next?  I hope I don't do that unless 
it's necessary. 
So tell me what you think about my attempt to a fic.  I am working on 
more chapters for those who are getting into it without that much info.  
As a matter of fact this must be the first time I ever wrote something 
this far without telling much detail, I always do that a lot! Hehehe.Um 
than again?
   E-mail me JonetsuPisces@aol.com
		Peace out!! Alpha T. Sigma
