PM Productions Presents
A Phillip Masters Fanfic
Descendants
Prologue (Draft version)
Continuity Note:  This takes place in the OVA, just before the Kagato 
incident began.

        "Yousho..."
        He cried for her.  His enemy... his lover, he cried for days.  
He could still hear her voice in the back of his mind.  It called to 
him, pleading, yet there was nothing he could do.  She had confined 
herself, in order to save him.  She had closed the door with the forced 
promise that he would never revive her himself.  He would keep the 
promise he had made, no matter how much it hurt.  His word was as good 
as blood, and yet he was tempted.  On countless occasions he would pass 
by the cave and wonder.  Wonder what harm it would do if he 
just exerted a little of his power.  A small fraction of his God given 
energy, that's all it would take.  Then she would be free again, and he 
would be free again.
        Yet, he couldn't.  He knew why she had made him promise.  She 
knew that his family would detect even the slightest amount of Jurai 
energy.  Had he even fought her originally on the small outer colony 
world they could have found him.  So, they didn't fight... after years 
of chase they had decided not to fight.  He learned... learned why she 
had done what she had done.  He had taken pity on her, and she was 
grateful to him.  She was extremely grateful to him, for freeing her 
from her slavery.  It had only taken a small minute burst of power to 
remove her gem... the mysterious battery that contained her strength, 
and her freedom.  In a fit of passion she had overtaken him, and he had 
found he couldn't... or possibly didn't want to resist.  
        She had a child a year later, moments before they landed on 
Earth.  She felt their child should be raised somewhere safe and 
comfortable, and he had to agree.  That was when she entrapped herself, 
proclaiming that they would be able to trace her, unless she went into 
deep hibernation.  As long as she remained awake she would pose a danger 
to them all.  Not only from his family, but from the one who had 
imprisoned her soul.  So, she had made him promise not to wake her ever, 
and had gone.  He was left to raise their son... who was a strong and 
healthy young man.  Unfortunately, he had died shortly after having a 
child of his own.  That child was a girl... and so the chain formed.  
        Achika was born on a summer's day.  She called him father , 
since her true one passed away at an early age.  It seemed to be a curse 
in his blood line, an early death.  When Achika herself fell under the 
curse's effects, he vowed to protect her son, Tenchi, with his life.  He 
would make sure to break the chain of misfortune that plagued his 
family.  He had a good idea how to do it too.  One day, he took young 
Tenchi to the cave and told him a false legend of a how a demon slept 
there.  He engrained this lie into the boy's head until he thought it 
the utter truth.  
        Then, a decade later, he had let Tenchi get the keys from him.  
If it was to be, then he would revive her, and he did.  He was so happy 
when he felt her power surge forth once again, that he almost rushed out 
of the shrine to take her into his arms.  However, he had learned much 
more restraint in the seven hundred years of her entrapment, and he 
could wait for her.  
        How could he have known that seven hundred years would cause her 
to loose some of her memory?  When he first met her, she seemed like she 
didn't know him at all.  She just knew of that legend I always told 
Tenchi outside the cave.  She had been watching him... not understanding 
the bond she held to him, but feeling it deeply.  She fell in love with 
him, his grandson, and had forgotten her true love of all those years 
ago.  He had waited for her, but he had waited too long.  
        He was happy for Tenchi, though.  Over the years he had 
discovered that the good of the family outweighs the good of the 
individual.  He would let her have Tenchi, and him her, perhaps that 
would make everything alright again.  Tenchi was demonstrating that he 
would be very powerful, perhaps the most powerful he had ever seen.  He 
picked up the art of fighting with the greatest of ease as well.  Tenchi 
may not have been born a fighter,  but he could be molded into the best 
one ever.  He was actually glad his grandson was not violent... with the 
sort of power he held, it was not beneficial to have a malevolent psyche 
behind it.  
        Then, Ayeka came.  He had figured they would find Ryouko's 
signature... but he didn't think it would be so soon.  She came within a 
few days of her revival, and crashed on the planet after an intense 
space battle.  Now, she was as well stranded on the planet... his old 
fiancée.  It was then he figured he would just stay an old man.  He 
would let Tenchi take up the torch and back down slowly, perhaps even 
die someday.  He could go out in a real heroes finish, adored by those 
around him... as much a part of legend as the wraith and the oni.  After 
Mihoshi fell from the sky, it only quickened his resolve.  He would go 
soon, for the universe was leaving him behind whether he wanted it to or 
not.  Tenchi could take care of himself, and he would be obsolete.
        Of course, he never, not in a thousand years, would have figured 
Kagato would show up.  At such an inopportune moment, right when 
everyone could be considered their weakest.  He had taken Ryouko... 
again.  After all these millennia he had snatched her back like a child 
retrieves his plaything.  Well, he wouldn't stand for it... Tenchi may 
be powerful enough to handle Kagato... but he didn't have his love on 
the line.

END PROLOGUE

Well, send all comments this way.  This idea came very suddenly and 
without much preamble.  Sort of popped in there, so to speak.  I don't 
believe it's been used before, correct me if I'm wrong, and I also 
wondered why.  It seems a perfectly logical explanation for some things, 
as I described... and will describe in future parts.  Any other ideas, 
comments, and/or criticism is appreciated as always.  Thanks for 
reading,PMasters (3-31-98)
