Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC and Pioneer LDC.  Ssedrey is the
property of Daniel Powell, who has my thanks for allowing me to use
him in this fic.  I'd like to thank Cav and Meg for prereading this
fic for me.  Thanks, guys.


Destiny's Balance part 6:  Striking Back at the Balance

	Pretty Sammy raised her baton and listened to her opponent
laugh maniacally.  This would be her most difficult fight yet.  She
was sure of it.
	"Who are you?!"  Sammy demanded.
	Her opponent raised her own baton and posed.  "Me?  I'll tell
you then.  I'm Piiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiixxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxyyyyyyyyyyyyy..
.........ACHI!!"
	Achi lowered her baton for a second and said, "Hey, by the
way, why do *I* have to be the bad guy?"
	Sasami lowered her foam covered, toy baton and replied,
"Because Pretty Sammy always fights for love and justice....and
Ayeka said she wouldn't be Romio."
	Achi blinked.  "Oh, fair enough.  TAKE THIS!"  Achi lunged at
Sasami and swiped at her with the foam bat.  Sasami laughed and fought
back.
	Sitting at a table in the courtyard nearby, Misaki, Ayeka, and
Meg watched the girls play.  Sasami and Achi continued to fight with
the foam bats, laughing hysterically.  Their attention focused on the
game, they didn't notice they were approaching one of the palace
fountains until it was too late.  The two cried out and fell in
with a splash.
	The three watching women laughed.
	Misaki shook her head in amazement.  "They've become such good
friends."  She turned to Meg.  "I'm glad you brought her over today.
All Sasami could talk about was seeing Achi again."
	Meg nodded.  "Well, we both figure things have calmed down
enough around here so that the emotional backlash wouldn't hurt Achi
anymore, and it looks like we were right."
	"You've grown rather fond of her, haven't you?"  Ayeka asked.
	Meg nodded.  "Yeah, it's nice having her around."  It was true.
Meg enjoyed spending time with Achi.  She blinked as she realized
something.  She hadn't see Dee once since Achi moved in with her.
She wondered if there was a connection.
	Misaki sighed.  "It's so nice having children back in the
palace."  She looked over at Ayeka and blinked.  "Ayeka, where did
you get those?  They're lovely."  Misaki pointed at Ayeka's ears and
the Contempan amethyst stones that hung there.
	Ayeka's hand went to here ear, and she smiled.  "They were a
gift."  She didn't say more than that.  Misaki blinked but didn't
reply.
	Meg was looking in the other direction.  "Hmmm," she mused.
"I wonder what's going on over there."  The other two women followed
her gaze and found Azusa on the other side of the courtyard, facing
Tenchi while he gestured to a young, blonde woman.  Azusa was smiling
as was the girl.  Tenchi looked distinctly uncomfortable.
	Ayeka blinked in puzzlement.  "Isn't that cousin Matiko?"
	Misaki nodded.  "So it is."
	Ayeka grit her teeth as she realized what was happening.  She
stood up and approached the trio.  Her father was making introductions
and ordering the butler to get more tea.
	Ayeka plastered a smile on her face, squealed in delight, and
rushed up to the blonde.  "MATIKO!" she cried as she embraced the
girl.  "How have you been!?  It's been so long!"
	"Ayeka!"  Matiko greeted with a smile.  She kissed Ayeka on
either cheek.  "How are you!?"
	"I'm fine!  Just fine!"  Ayeka turned to Tenchi.  "Lord Tenchi,
I think Ryoko was looking for you in the Great Hall."
	Tenchi sighed and gave Ayeka a silent "thank you," before
bowing to Matiko and saying, "It was nice to meet you."  With that,
he started toward the Great Hall.
	"So, Ayeka, what have you..."
	"Father, may I speak with you?"  Ayeka said, cutting Matiko off.
	Azusa was silently fuming.  "Of course.  Will you excuse us,
dear?"
	Matiko nodded, confused.  "Of course, Uncle.  I'll talk to you
later, Ayeka."  The blonde left walked back toward the palace.
	Ayeka glared at Azusa.  "Stop it," she told him.  "He's spoken
for."
	"Ayeka,"  Azusa said in warning.
	"I know what you're doing,"  Ayeka told him.  "Forget it.
Tenchi loves Ryoko, and if you try to interfere with that, you'll
regret it."
	"Our bloodline must be preserved."
	"That's why *I'm* here, remember?" Ayeka replied acidly, pain
in her voice.  "You leave them alone."
	"A prince of Jurai cannot give his throne to some common space
trash!"  Azusa bit back.
	Ayeka fumed quietly.  "That common space trash nearly died to
save this kingdom."
	"And I am grateful, but..."
	"Then prove it, Father,"  Ayeka cut him off.  "Leave them alone.
No pressuring Tenchi, no threatening Ryoko, no arranged marriages.
Just, leave...them....alone."
	Azusa said nothing.
	Ayeka took a breath.  "Please,"  she added.
	Azusa growled but nodded.  "Very well, Ayeka.  It's really not
my position to say anything one way or another.  That falls to Lord
Yosho, though he apparently doesn't give a damn."
	"Thank you,"  Ayeka said simply.  Without another word, she
turned her back on him and walked away.

	"Oh, quit struggling!"  Washu told Ssedrey as he hung upside
down in Washu's new lab with his hands tied behind his back.  His
snout was latched shut with a muzzle.  "You know, you're only making
this difficult,"  she told him from her keyboard.
	Ssedrey struggled and mumbled something through the muzzle.
	Washu turned to him angrily.  "Hey!  Do you kiss your nest
mother with that mouth?!"
	Ssedrey struggled harder and mumbled.
	"Don't give me that!"  Washu reprimanded him.  "This could be
pleasurable if you'd just relax!"  She walked over to him and patted
his snout affectionately.  "I promise,"  she said coquettishly.
Ssedrey continued to struggle.
	There was a knock at the door.
	"Come in."
	The door opened, and Ryoko stepped inside.  "Hi, Washu, I just
came to tell yo..."  She paused as she saw Ssedrey hanging there.
Washu just looked at her.
	"Well?"  Washu asked as if there was nothing at all wrong with
the situation.  Ssedrey struggled and mumbled desperately at Ryoko.
	"Um...What are you doing?"  Ryoko asked.
	"Just running a few tests."
	Ryoko blinked.  "Ah.  Um...well...Cavis needs to see us on the
Megami.  He got the information we need, and he wants to act on it
while...Okay, I'm sorry, but what exactly are you doing?"
	Washu's eyes narrowed.  "I told you.  It's strictly medical."
She grinned.  "As a matter of fact, I need a humanoid to test so I
can compare the readings..."
	Ryoko blinked and started backing toward the door.  She threw
a sympathetic look at Ssedrey and said, "Sorry, Ssedrey!  You're on
your own!"  With that, Ryoko vanished.
	Washu turned back to the Asconian.  "Now, time for one more
test, and then we'll go see Cavis."  She pressed a few buttons on her
holotop.  Several, metal tentacles fell from the ceiling, some with
claws, some with syringes, some with saw blades, and a few with
chibi Washu puppets which danced in front of him, apparently to keep
him distracted.
	Ssedrey mumbled pitifully and cried.

	Ryoko flew into the Grand Hall and found Tenchi just entering.
He saw her and smiled.  Ryoko flew up to him at mach one and glomped
him.
	"Tenchi!"  she cried.
	Tenchi kissed her.  "Am I glad to see you," he said.
	"Oh?"  Ryoko asked with a grin.  "I think someone's feeling
romantic," she sang.
	Tenchi blushed and laughed a little.  "Yeah, well, um..."
	Ryoko grinned.
	Tenchi cleared his throat and tried to change the subject.
"You wouldn't believe what just happened.  Ayeka's father just
introduced me to some Countess, a cousin of Ayeka's."
	Ryoko went rigid.  "Huh?"
	"Yeah,"  Tenchi said with a laugh.  "And I got the distinct
feeling he was trying to set me up."  He laughed.  "Can you believe
it?"
	Ryoko was staring at him.  "Don't you ever see her again," she
said, deadly serious.
	Tenchi blinked.  "Huh?  Ryoko?"
	"I don't want you seeing her again,"  Ryoko said, a hint of
danger in her voice.
	Tenchi looked at her in shock.  "Ryoko, I'm not going to see
her again."  He took her by the shoulders.  "Are you okay?" he asked
worriedly.
	Ryoko blinked.  "Yeah...yeah, I'm fine."  She blinked again in
confusion.  "I'm...I'm sorry, Tenchi.  I guess...I guess I'm just a
little jealous."
	"Jealous?"  Tenchi was concerned.  He hadn't heard Ryoko sound
so serious since the coup.
	She smiled sheepishly.  "Yeah.  Look, Cav wants to talk to us
on the Megami.  He says he as some information about the Guild."
	Tenchi nodded.  "Okay."
	"I...I have to go tell the others.  I'll see you there?"  she
asked.
	He nodded.
	"Okay.  Um...bye."  With that, she flew off.  Tenchi blinked
after her and started for the door.
	Ryoko flew away and bit her lip nervously.  She had no idea
what had come over her.  When Tenchi told her about Azusa trying to
set him up with *another* Jurain noblewoman...
	If the woman had been there at that moment, Ryoko would've
killed her without a second thought.
	And she didn't know why.
	Even when she and Ayeka fought, she had never felt so...so...
She couldn't describe it.  She hated this woman and she hadn't even
seen her yet.  She had never hated Ayeka, and Ayeka had been a
thousand times the threat this woman had been.
	Ryoko shook it off.  Maybe she was just in a bad mood.

	There were several faces missing from the group that had
assembled on the Megami.  Meg and Achi had stayed at the palace with
Ayeka and Sasami.  Mihoshi had not yet returned from GP headquarters.
Everyone else, however, was looking through the files Cavis had
lifted from Mitsuki's office.
	Ryoko watched as picture after picture appeared on a the large
viewscreen in front of them.  Along with these pictures came names,
ship registries, aliases, rap sheets, current known locations...
	When she had said it was time to go hunting, she had meant
exactly that.  Even if this Count Seiryo had pulled the contract
before killing himself, the Guild couldn't be allowed to just walk in
and hurt her friends, put Kiyone in a coma, scare Sasami, and
threaten Tenchi.  A reckoning was coming.
	"Stop!"  she cried out suddenly.  The picture froze.  The
others looked up to see what was wrong.
	"Ryoko?"  Tenchi asked worriedly.
	Ryoko pointed at the face on the screen.  "Recognize him,
Tenchi?"  Tenchi looked at the screen and nodded.
	"He's the guy from the station,"  Tenchi told the others.
"The one who said we were 'reprieved.'"
	"Warshan De,"  Cavis read from the file.  "Carissian, or so
the GP *thinks*.  He's an 'Arikata Zetana.'"  The others looked up
at him with puzzled expressions, all except for Ssedrey, who knew
enough about the Guild to recognize a few of the ancient expressions.
	"Honored Slayer,"  the lizard translated for them with a hiss.
"An Assassin who has reached the one hundred kill mark without a
single defeat."
	"Until now,"  Washu muttered.
	Ryoko pressed a button and the screen began to shift through
the pictures again.  Suddenly, Cavis' hand darted out and hit the
pause button.  He took a sharp breath.  "It's him," he whispered.
	"Narkaya Sudorin,"  Ssedrey read.  "Leader of the Guild."
	"Not anymore,"  Cavis told them.
	"Why do you say that, Cav?"  Ryoko asked.
	Cavis pointed on the screen, "'Cause that's the bastard who
tried to throw me down the elevator shaft on that station.  He's
dead."
	Ssedrey hissed suddenly.  "Of course!  It makes sense now!"
	The others looked to him.
	"What makes sense?"  Tenchi asked.
	Ssedrey began typing commands, running a search through the
files based on rank.  "If Sudorin, a strict constructionist of the
Guild's ancient texts is dead, then that would explain why they have
not given up the contract against us.  Whoever replaced him has gone
against five thousand years of tradition!"  A female face appeared
on the screen.  "And this would be the one,"  Ssedrey said.
	Cavis' eyes narrowed.  "That's her.  That's the woman who shot
Kiyone."
	"Lezell Charis,"  Ryoko read.
	Ssedrey hissed in admiration.  "A Kel Naka Fen Achitaka.  Two
hundred kills.  That's unheard of nowadays."
	"She's in charge?"  Ryoko asked.
	Ssedrey nodded.  "She is next in the Guild heirarchy.  The
only way she would not would be if she was challenged and killed by
another Assassin.  And given what it says here of her skills, I
sincerely doubt it."
	Davner spoke up for the first time.  "So?  Let's go nail her
royal ladyship to a cross and have done with it."
	Cavis arched an eyebrow at Davner's harsh tone.  He knew that
his friend meant what he said literally.  Crucifixion was a
traditional form of Mollidoni capital punishment.  He wondered at
the Mollidoni's tone until he remember how close Charis had come to
getting into Ayeka's room and killing her.
	"We have to find the bitch first, Dav,"  Cavis pointed out.
	"Do you think these files would be able to tell us?"  Tenchi
asked.
	Cavis shook his head.  "They're not *that* recent.  But
maybe..."  He began another search on ship registries.  A list of
names came up.  "The names of their ships," Cavis noted.  "More than
half of them are fake registries, but maybe if we cross match with
some of the spaceport computers..."
	"We do not have to,"  Ssedrey told him.  He pointed to one
name on the list.  "The Ice Star."
	Ryoko blinked.  "What about it?"
	Ssedrey pointed to his left, at an empty bulkhead.  "It's
parked over there."
	"WHAT?!"  the entire group cried out.
	Ssedrey nodded.  "I remember reading the name on the side of
the ship as I debarked from my own ship.  It stuck in my mind because
in my culture, the cold is feared and naming *anything* after  it
is considered taboo."
	"Wait a second,"  Washu said, rasing her hand.  "Are you
saying that there's an Assassin's Guild ship parked next to *your*
ship?"
	Ssedrey nodded.  "It would appear so."
	"Then they know where to find Charis,"  Cavis mused.
	Davner smiled.  "I think it's time we went and introduced
ourselves to our new neighbors, don't you?"
	Cavis bit his lip in thought.  What to do?  Wait?  Get help
from the palace?  If the Assassins decided to leave while they were
mustering help, they may never get another chance like this.  He
looked up.
	Davner returned his look and coughed slightly.  His expression
said it all.
	Ssedrey's eyes were narrowed.  He had befriended Kiyone Makibi,
and his Asconian blood demanded revenge.
	Ryoko.
	Ryoko looked at Tenchi, then back to Cavis.  The space pirate
knew that her situation had changed.  He couldn't ask her to go with
them.
	"Ssedrey," he said, "Davner.  Get your shit together, we're
going ass kick'n."
	"About bloody time,"  Davner said, removing his double-barelled
anti-matter gun from his trench coat and checking the load before
returning it to it's sheath beneath his coat.
	"Washu,"  Cavis continued.  "Do me a favor and contact the
Jurain Guard, give them an update."  Washu nodded solemnly.
	"Let's go,"  Ryoko told him.
	Cavis shook his head.  "This isn't your fight, Ryoko.  You
shouldn't get involved."
	Ryoko's eyes flashed with anger.  She stepped forward and took
Cavis by the front of his shirt.
	"Cavis Darktower," she whispered icily, "That is by far the
coldest thing you have ever said to me.  Don't think for a second
that you're doing this without me."
	Cavis regarded her for a moment, then nodded.  "Okay, Ryoko.
You're in."
	"Then I'm coming too,"  Tenchi piped up, unhooking the Tenchi
ken from his belt.
	"Tenchi,"  Ryoko said worriedly.
	Tenchi smiled.  "You're not getting away from me that easily,"
he told her.
	She smiled and nodded.  "Fine, but stay behind me."
	"Ryoko,"
	"I can protect you with my shield,"  Ryoko said.  "I've been
in firefights before, and there's not much room for a sword."  She
smiled.  "But when we get closer," she told him, "You and me, okay?"
	Tenchi smiled.  "You and me."
	They turned as Davner began to whisper something.  He was
checking the power level of his blaster as he quietly said, "Telas
ven meral, rikka notala venala estia, Mollidon."  At the end, he
worked the action on his blaster and started for the door.
	"What did he say?"  Tenchi asked.
	Washu spoke up.  "It's a prayer Mollidoni soldiers are fond
of," she told them.  "It means, 'Should I fall, forget me not,
fair Mollidon.'"
	Ssedrey began to whisper.  "Ssssrrreeet taccck.  Nooossclick
Ssiranus Caalas Ecklaas."  He followed Davner out the hatch.
	Washu whispered, echoing Ssedrey in Japanese.  "Watch over me
Ssiranus, First Born."
	"Tsunami with us,"  Cavis whispered.  He pulled his blaster,
checked the action and followed his friends out the door.
	Tenchi turned to Ryoko, who shook her head.  "I don't know any
prayers."
	Tenchi closed his eyes, bowed his head, and clapped twice.
After a few seconds, he opened his eyes and faced her again.  "Don't
worry.  I took care of it."  Ryoko smiled.  The two walked out.
Washu set about calling the Jurain Guard.

	Warshan felt the wind on his back as he stood on the control
tower roof of the Jurai Spaceport.  He looked through the binoculars
and shook his head.  He knew why he was here on this meaningless
task.  Charis was growing suspiscious of him.  She must have sensed
that Warshan wanted her out, and so, to keep him out of the way,
had ordered him to keep a watch on the spaceport.
	He grimaced.  It was only a matter of time before Charis
decided he was no longer useful and had him killed.  If he didn't
act soon, he was dead, and the Guild with him.
	But he couldn't do it alone.
	The only people he knew for certain he could trust within the
Guild were already dead.  The rest were either supporters of Charis
or simply too frightened of her to do anything.
	He needed help.
	But where to get it?
	He noticed movement from one of the target ships and focused
the binoculars.  "What's this?" he muttered to himself.  Five
figures were disembarking from one of the ships and moving to...He
blinked.  The Ice Star.
	He unslung his sniper rifle and set up the bipod.
	Opportunity only knocks once.

	"Okay, what's the plan?"  Davner asked as the group walked
toward the Assassin's ship.
	"We walk up and negotiate."
	"Um...Negotiate?"  Tenchi asked as the approached the ship.
There were three men standing outside, loading supplies through the
cargo hatch.  Crates and boxes were stacked high all around the ship.
A hover-forklift stood nearby.  The men saw them coming and turned.
	"Yup,"  Cavis said.  "Negotiate."  The gang stopped in front
of them.  Cavis drew his gun.  "We want Charis!  Fork her over!"
	"Way to negotiate, Cav,"  Ryoko muttered.
	Suddenly, a man appeared at the cargo hatch with a plasma
rifle.
	<Shit!>  Cavis thought as he raised the blaster.  The Assassin
opened fire.  The rest of the gang drew their weapons as did the
other three Assassins.  Davner fired the AM gun, the antimatter
shell striking the forklift, destroying it in a small explosion of
fire and twisted metal.  Cavis and the gang had a couple of blaster
pistols, Davner's AM gun, and Ssedrey's vorpolias.  The Assassin's
had automatic sub repeaters which laid down a deadly hail of fire.
	Cavis and the others backpedaled away from the Assassin's.
Davner fired the remaining anitmatter shell and ducked behind a
crate.  Cavis took up position behind another crate nearby and
fired back at the Assassins.  Ryoko fired off a few energy blasts
and ducked behind a piece of machinery, dragging Tenchi with her.
	Ssedrey wasn't quite as lucky.  As he was ducking for cover,
a plasma bolt struck him in the leg.  He went down with a sharp hiss
of pain.
	"Ssedrey!"  Ryoko cried.  She raised her forcefield and started
out to him.
	The lizard looked up from his crouch and saw an Assassin
raising his repeater.  Ssedrey drew a vorpolia and let fly.  The
axe struck the Assassin in the forehead, taking the top of his head
off.  The gunman's body hit the floor without a sound.  Ryoko
appeared next to him a moment later and began to drag him behind
cover.
	Davner broke the AM gun and watched the two empty shells fall
from the barrels.  He quickly reloaded the gun and turned to fire.
A plasma bolt struck the crate he was hiding behind, forcing him
back behind cover.  Cavis saw his predicament and stuck his blaster
in his belt.  He whistled to Davner and clapped his hands, holding
them out expectantly.
	Davner nodded and tossed the AM gun to Cavis.  Cavis caught the
weapon and ducked behind cover.  Cocking the antimatter gun, he
turned quickly and fired.  The antimatter blast struck a crate an
Assassin was hiding behind.  The box exploded, the blast throwing
the unfortunate Assassin backwards with a shriek of pain.  The man
hit the ground and didn't move.
	Cavis dropped the AM gun and drew his pistol.  Davner drew his
own hand-held blaster.  Cavis held up two fingers.  Davner nodded
in understanding.  Two Assassins left.  The Mollidoni turned and
fired a few shots, but none connected.  Cavis stepped out from behind
the box and fired a few shots of his own.  Suddenly, he screamed and
flew back, a plasma burn in his shoulder.
	"Son of a bitch!"  she screamed and fired a few shots from the
ground.  He was exposed.  Ryoko phased in in front of him and fired
a few blasts, simultaneously protecting Cavis with her force field.
She grinned maliciously as one of the Assassins clapped his hand
over his eye and fell to the ground.
	A blaster shot struck the ground near the back of her foot.
She turned.  Someone was firing on them from another crate *behind*
them.  Somehow, an Assassin had circled around them!
	"Dav!  Behind us!"
	She saw Davner rush up to the crates behind them and started
raking the boxes with blaster fire.  Ryoko concentrated on the one
in front.  Blaster bolts struck her forcefield.  She and Cavis both
continued to fire back.  She didn't dare teleport out with Cavis
wounded on the ground.  Finally, she saw the Assassin fall to the
ground.  The firing stopped.  She could hear Davner still firing
behind them.  After a second, the firing slackened off.
	"Tenchi!"  she called out.
	"Over here!" he called out.  Ryoko looked to the side and
found Tenchi bandaging Ssedrey's leg.  She breathed a sigh of relief.
	Then she heard something moving from the crates in front of
her.  She started forward and engaged her lightsword.  She held the
energy blade out in front of her and proceeded slowly.  She came
around a crate and saw an Assassin lying there, a wound in his
shoulder.  He was still holding a blaster, but his breath came in
ragged gasps.  Ryoko held the sword out.
	"Where's Charis?"  Ryoko demanded.
	The man smiled and spit at her feet.
	Ryoko was about to ask again when suddenly, her sword flickered
and died out.
	Ryoko blinked and tried to reform the sword, but it wouldn't
answer her.  She sensed movement and saw the Assassin raising his
blaster with a grin.
	<Oh god!>
	Her eyes went wide.  She was about to duck when a shot rang
out.
	Ryoko fell backwards.  She checked herself for injuries but
found none.  She looked up and saw the Assassin lying on the ground.
She checked the body and found a neat hole in the man's head.  She
looked behind her, but found no one there.
	"Ryoko!"
	She saw Tenchi running up to her.  "Are you okay?"
	Ryoko looked at her hand, the hand that had betrayed her in
her time of need.  She nodded and whispered, "Yeah.  I'm fine."
	She heard Cavis from behind her.  "Davner?"
	"It's clear,"  she heard the Mollidon shout back.  "Nailed the
other one.  The ship's empty."
	Ryoko blinked.  Neither one of them were anywhere near her, so
who had shot the Assassin?
	"Ryoko?"  Tenchi whispered in concern.  "You don't look so
good."
	"I'm fine, Tenchi," she whispered.  She was still looking
around for her benefactor, but saw no one.
	"Well,"  Davner drawled.  "This was a bust."
	Cavis managed to get to his feet.  "Oops," he said simply.
"But maybe their computer will give us some information."  He winced
in pain.  "Let's go get Washu."
	"Time for that later, Cav,"  Ryoko told him.  "First, we're
getting you and Ssedrey to a doctor."
	"We can't just leave the ship..."
	"Davner, you watch the ship, all right?"  Ryoko asked.
	Davner nodded as he bent down to retrieve the AM gun.  He
broke it and quickly reloaded it.  "No probl..."  He broke off as
he coughed.  "No problem," he repeated hoarsely.
	Ryoko helped Ssedrey to his feet.  The Asconian could stand,
barely, but he still needed medical attention.  Tenchi was helping
Cavis.  As Ryoko helped Ssedrey along, she kept looking over her
shoulder.

	Warshan reengaged the safety on his rifle and took a breath.
He was too far gone now change his mind.  By shooting one of his own
Assassins, he had chosen sides.  It went against everything he
believed, everything Dantoullouine had taught him as an Assassin of
the Guild, but he knew that these outsiders were his only hope.  He
couldn't trust his fellow Assassins, it was impossible to tell where
their loyalties lay, but these people....he knew exactly where their
loyalties were.
	He took another breath and started walking.  He had a lot of
work to do.

	Kamidake looked over at Mihoshi, sitting in the copilot's
chair of the Arc Royal.  She looked miserable.  She no longer wore
a GP uniform, opting instead for a simple pink sweater and slacks.
She stared down at the controls silently.
	"Um...we're only an hour out, Ms. Mihoshi."
	Mihoshi just nodded.
	Kamidake sighed.  "It'll be okay, Ms. Mihoshi.  Everything
will work out all right in the end."  He knew it sounded lame, but
he didn't have anything else he could possibly say to her.  She had
been like this ever since he managed to get her onboard the Arc
Royal and away from GP headquarters.  He had spent the last several
hours trying to draw her out of her shell, but to no avail.
	"Would you like some tea, Ms. Mihoshi?" he asked.   She just
shook her head.
	Kamidake sighed.  He had never seen her like this before.
Sadness simply didn't look appropriate on her face.  He wished there
was something he could do for her.
	Instead, he went back to flying the ship.

	Cavis screamed.
	"TSUNAMI DAMMIT ALL!  THAT HURTS!"
	"Quit bitch'n, you big baby!"  Meg chastised him as the palace
doctors applied the dermal regenerator to his wound.  "That doesn't
hurt half as much as what *I'm* gonna do to ya when he's done!"
	Cavis looked up from his bed.  "What the hell did I do to
*you*?!"
	Meg walked up to his bed and pushed the doctor out of the way.
She leaned in close and jabbed a finger in his face.  "What the hell
were you thinking?!"  she cried out.  "Why didn't you wait for me!?"
	"What?!"
	"Listen up, Darktower,"  Meg growled, "I'm not some dainty
little woman who needs your protection.  If you treat me like that
again, if you do an end run around me like you did today, I will
seriously fuck you up!  Do you got it!?"
	Cavis arched an eyebrow.  "Well, okay then," he said.  "Do you
mind if the doctor gets back to work?"
	Meg growled and turned to the doctor.  "Well!  What are you
waiting for?!"  The doctor rushed forward and began treating Cavis'
wound again.
	Standing in the doorway, Ryoko smiled and had to stop herself
from laughing.  Things between Cavis and Meg must really be serious
if the dark-haired smuggler was pitching this big of a fit about
being left behind.
	Ryoko and Tenchi managed to get Cavis and Ssedrey back to the
Megami, where Washu took personal charge of Ssedrey's injuries.
Ssedrey had told her that it wasn't serious and tried walking away
from her as fast as he could to prove it.  Washu wasn't going to
hear any of it, and had him suspended in a forcefield within seconds.
Cavis had been taken to the palace medical wing where Meg was
waiting to chew him out.
	It was a bad day to be wounded.
	She turned as she heard someone approaching.  Ayeka rushed up
to her.  "Azaka just told me what happened!  Is everyone okay?!"
	Ryoko nodded.
	Ayeka saw Cavis being treated by the doctor.  She looked around
and asked.  "Where's Davner?  Was he wounded?"  Her tone conveyed
the worry she was feeling.
	Ryoko grinned.  "Nope.  I swear, he's got to be the luckiest
man alive."
	Ayeka breathed a sigh of relief.  "What happened?"
	Ryoko told her the story.  Ayeka nodded along in understanding.
	"So Dav's back at the Ice Star with a couple of Jurain guards.
Ssedrey is under Washu's tender loving care, and Cavis is..."
	"OUCH!  DAMMIT!"
	"Suck it up, wuss!"  Meg told him.
	"Cavis is here,"  Ryoko finished.
	"What about Tenchi?"
	Ryoko blinked.  She hadn't seen Tenchi in twenty minutes.  "I
don't know."
	"The prince is downstairs,"  the doctor spoke up as he treated
Cavis' shoulder.  "Countess Matiko asked to speak with him."
	Ryoko blinked.  "Matiko?"
	Ayeka sighed.  "My cousin.  My father has gotten it into his
head that he can arrange a marriage between....Ryoko?"  She blinked
at the empty spot where Ryoko had been standing only a moment before.

	"So I wish to apologize if my uncle or I made you feel
uncomfortable earlier,"  Matiko told Tenchi, sitting across from
him in the palace tea room.  "It was not my intent.  I heard you
were here, and I wanted to meet you.  That is all.  However, I
believe my uncle saw something in my request that wasn't there."
She said this last part a little sheepishly.
	Tenchi blinked.  "Why would you want to meet me?"
	Matiko looked at him in surprise.  "Forgive me for saying so,
Lord Tenchi," she said, immediately reminding him of Ayeka, "But I
believe you underestimate your own importance and influence.  I
wanted to meet the legend.  The man who threw down the usurper.
You have no idea of what kind of honor that is."
	Tenchi turned red in embarrassment.  "Um...well...thank you.
I guess I'm still new to this."
	Matiko smiled.  "It is I who should thank you.  You have no
idea what it was like during Kagato's reign."  She shuddered.  "Those
nobles who could not escape were taken captive and locked away in
subspace.  Myself, my uncle and aunt among them.  Locked away in a
barren void of subspace Kagato called his, 'oubliette.'"  She
shuddered again.  "It was nightmarish."
	Tenchi recalled his own experiences in subspace, the
netherworld where he had fought Kain.
	"I wanted to meet you when we were finally freed, but I was
still in the hospital and too weak for a proper introduction."  She
bowed her head to him.
	"Um...no problem."
	Matiko smiled.  "Would you like some te..."  Before she could
finish, Ryoko phased into existence between them.  Matiko jumped
with a start.
	"Ryoko?"  Tenchi asked in surprise.
	Ryoko ignored him and glared at the girl.  "Go away," she
whispered.
	"Um...Miss, I don't think you..."
	Ryoko bared her fangs and screamed, "STAY AWAY FROM HIM!"
	Matiko fell backward in her chair, striking the floor.
	"RYOKO!"  Tenchi shouted, jumping to his feet.  "What the hell
are you doing?!"
	Ryoko glared at the Countess as she quickly got to her feet.
She straightened her kimono and bowed to Tenchi.  "Um...perhaps we
can speak again at another time."  With that, she practically ran
from the room.
	Tenchi grabbed Ryoko by the shoulder and turned her around to
face him.  "Ryoko!  What do you think you're doing!?"
	"Please stay away from her, Tenchi!"  Ryoko begged, tears now
in her eyes.  "Please!"
	"Ryoko!  What's gotten into you?  We were just talking."
	"Tenchi, please," she whispered.  "Don't do it.  Don't do it
*again*."
	"Do what?!"
	Ryoko embraced him.  "Please...just don't see her again."
	Tenchi took Ryoko by the shoulders and held her at arm's
length.  "Ryoko, listen to me," he said seriously.  "We were just
talking.  Nothing happened.  Nothing would have happened.  Nothing
will ever happen."
	Ryoko's face brightened.  "So you're not going to see her
again?"
	Tenchi blinked in shock.  Ryoko had just missed the entire
point.  "I'm not going to ignore her, Ryoko.  She hasn't done
anything except be polite."
	Ryoko's eyes widened fearfully.  "You're doing it again," she
whispered.
	"Doing what?!"  he cried out in confusion.
	"You're putting another woman ahead of me," Ryoko whispered,
a tear running down her face.  "You're doing it *AGAIN*!"  With that,
she disappeared.
	"Ryoko!"  he shouted at the ceiling.  "Ryoko!  Come back!
What are you talking about?!"

	Mitsuki entered her apartment, picked a vase up off a table
and threw it at the wall with a scream of fury.  Cavis had snuck
into *her* office and made off with top secret data, and of course
the Captain was holding *her* responsible.  She had spent the last
several hours being raked over hot coals as they interrogated her.
	"Tough day at work, dear?"  a woman's voice asked.
	Mitsuki swung around and drew her blaster.  Sitting at the
table in her tiny kitchen was woman.  She held a small hand blaster
which was pointed at Mitsuki's chest at the moment.  Neither of them
moved.
	Mitsuki broke the silence.  "Who are you?"
	Charis smiled.  "Lieutenant, I'm the woman who's going to make
you famous."

	"I have no idea what's gotten into her,"  Tenchi told Ayeka as
they sat in the palace courtyard.  "Has she said anything to you?"
	Ayeka shook her head.  "No.  What did she say exactly?"
	Tenchi shook his head and tried to remember her exact words.
"That I was doing it again.  That I was putting another woman ahead
of her, but that doesn't make any sense!  I've always tried to treat
you both equally!  Didn't I?"  he asked.
	Ayeka turned away from him.
	Tenchi's eyes narrowed.  "You know something," he said quietly.
"What is it?  Did Ryoko say something to you?"
	Ayeka shook her head.  "No.  Tenchi..."  How could she say
this and not break the vow she made to Ryoko, the vow never to tell
Tenchi what really happened with Haruna?  "Tenchi, the woman she
was referring to isn't me."
	Tenchi blinked in confusion.  He had come to Ayeka for guidance,
but all he seemed to be getting was more questions.  "What?"
	Ayeka took a breath and continued.  "During the six months you
were...away...You said some things...made some...decisions."  Ayeka
had to tread carefully.  "And you basically said you didn't want to
see us anymore."
	Tenchi's eyes went wide with shock.
	"If it weren't for Ryoko," Ayeka told him, "You wouldn't be
here."  She faced him and took his hand.  "Tenchi, listen to me.
Things were said then, things you don't remember, but she does, and
it still hurts her.  I don't know why she would behave like you say,
but I think this may be a part of it."
	Tenchi swallowed painfully.  "I...hurt Ryoko?"  he whispered.
	Ayeka bit her lip and nodded.
	"I have to find her," he said.  He got up and went back into
the palace.

	"Cavis?"
	Cavis turned and winced in pain.  His shoulder, though healed,
still hurt like hell.  He saw who was approaching and smiled.
"Mihoshi.  When did you get back?"
	Mihoshi walked up to him and took a deep breath.  "I'm sorry,
Cavis.  I...I failed.  I couldn't get the information.  I'm sorry."
	Cavis smiled and reached out, resting his hand on her shoulder.
"Don't worry about it, Mihoshi.  We got the information last night,
so it's no big deal."
	Mihoshi's eyes went wide.  "What?"  she asked in a haunted
whisper.
	Cavis blinked in surprise.  "Um...yeah.  As a matter of fact,
you missed a little action around here."
	"No big deal?" she repeated.
	"Mihoshi?  Are you okay?"
	She looked at him, tears in her eyes.  Without another word,
she turned and ran down the corridor away from him.
	"Hey!  Mihoshi!  What's wrong!"  He watched the GP detective
turn the corridor, not even pausing for a glance back.  "Hmmm.
Wonder what that's about."

	"They didn't even wait,"  Mihoshi whispered painfully.  "They
*knew* I was going to fail."  She looked up at her partner's
sleeping face.  Were it not for the oxygen mask covering Kiyone's
mouth and nose, you wouldn't know anything was wrong.
	"I've lost everything,"  Mihoshi went on.  "I threw my career
away over nothing."  She wiped tears from her eyes.  "I don't know
what to do, where to go."  She began crying in earnest.  "Kiyone,
please wake up!  I can't do this by myself!  Please, Kiyone!"  She
rested her head on her partner's stomach and cried.  "I don't know
what to do."
	"Mihoshi?"
	Mihoshi turned and wiped her eyes.  "Oh, Kamidake."
	"Are you okay?"  the Knight asked as he approached.
	Mihoshi started to say she was fine, but at the last minute
began to cry again.  "No!"  She ran up to him and hugged him.  "I'm
not okay!"  she cried into his chest.
	Kamidake, unsure of what to do, did the first thing that popped
into his head.  He wrapped his arms around Mihoshi and let her cry.

	"So, Lieutenant,"  Charis finished, "What do you say?"
	Mitsuki, sitting across from the Assassin took an unsteady
breath.
	"You can't stop us,"  Charis told her, "And if you try, you'll
only embarrass yourself and get your people killed."  Charis stood up.
"But if you help me, I'll see to it that you're rewarded."
	"Rewarded?"
	Charis rested her hands on the redhead's shoulders.  "I've had
certain...personnel problems...since taking command of the Guild.
As such I will be performing a little house cleaning.  I could see
to it that you and the Galaxy Police get to clean the dust pan."
	Mitsuki said nothing.
	"Help me, Lieutenant,"  she leaned forward and whispered in
her ear, "And instead of being the officer that allowed the Guild
to kill the royal heirs, you can be the officer that brings the
Assassins who killed them to justice."
	Mitsuki turned to her.  Charis smiled.
	"You can't stop us,"  Charis repeated.  "But you can benefit
from it, and at the same time, you can avenge yourself against
Cavis...Starvallian...Darktower."

	Tenchi walked out onto the fourth floor balcony and sighed.
He had looked everywhere without success.  It was if Ryoko had
disappeared off the face of the planet.
	<She might have done just that,> he thought.  His eyes shot
open.  He hadn't seen Ryo-Ohki around for hours!  What if she had
left!?
	Dammit!  He couldn't remember even doing anything wrong!
	"Hi, Tenchi."
	He gasped and looked up.  Ryoko floated down from above until
she was eye level with him.  He breathed a sigh of relief.
	"Ryoko.  I was so worried."
	Ryoko looked sheepish.  "I'm sorry...about before."
	"I'm sorry,"  Tenchi told her.  "I guess I should've been
more sensitive.  I didn't know you felt so..."
	"Tenchi,"  Ryoko interrupted, "You didn't do anything wrong.
It's...It's me."  She looked at him with worried eyes.  "Tenchi...
There's something wrong with me.  I can feel it inside.  I'm
*changing*, Tenchi."
	He shook his head.  "No, Ryoko.  There's nothing wrong with
you."  He held out his hand.  "Things *are* changing, and we have
to change with them.  I'm sorry if I haven't been changing enough
to keep up."
	Ryoko smiled and reached out, taking his hand.  "I'm sorry,
Tenchi.  I really am.  I don't know why I lashed out like that.  I
guess...I guess after almost losing you to one Jurain, I was afraid
of having to fight off another one to keep you."
	Tenchi  pulled her onto the balcony.  "If it really makes you
that uncomfortable, I won't talk to her anymore."
	Ryoko smiled.  "It's....It's okay, Tenchi."
	He leaned forward and kissed her.  "You know, that you're the
woman I'm going to be with forever, right?"
	She embraced him.  "I'm sorry, Tenchi!  I really am!"
	"I know,"  Tenchi told her.  "Let's go do something together."
	"Like what?"
	Tenchi came up blank.  "Let's go for a walk."
	She smiled.  "Sounds good to me."

	"I don't know, Kamidake,"  Misaki said uneasily to her Captain
as the two talked in the throne room.
	"Your Majesty,"  Kamidake began, "This woman has given so
much to help us.  You cannot deny the contribution she made during
the coup last year."
	"No, I cannot.  Ms. Mihoshi has our eternal thanks, but
this..."  She shook her head.  "I just don't know, Kamidake."
	"Please, Your Majesty,"  Kamidake said quietly, "She has given
her life for this kingdom.  She just hasn't died.  She was
dishonorably discharged from the Galaxy Police, an institution she
had dedicated her entire life to.  What does she have now?  With a
dishonorable discharge on her record, she will be barred from any
civil service career on any planet under the jurisdiction of the
Galaxy Police.  She gave it up to help keep your daughters safe.
Surely that means something."
	Misaki bristled.  "It means a great deal!  And because of
that, I am willing to compensate her monetarily..."
	"She doesn't need money, Your Majesty.  She needs a life!"
He was begging now.  This was the only thing he could think of to
help Mihoshi.  If the Queen shot him down here...  "Last year,
Mihoshi was not rewarded properly because the Galaxy Police did that
for us.  They promoted her.  Now they have abandoned her.  That
makes her *our* responsibility."
	Misaki said nothing.
	"Please, Your Majesty.  She has helped to literally save this
kingdom.  We owe her this much."
	Misaki took a breath.  "Very well, Kamidake."  Kamidake smiled.
	"Your plan is approved."

	Tenchi and Ryoko walked arm in arm down the Jurain street,
two Jurain bodyguards followed behind them, tense and alert.  Ryoko
rested her head against Tenchi and sighed.  They were walking in
the shopping district, just window shopping, walking where ever
their feet decided to take them.
	He looked down at her and smiled.  He was going to have to be
more careful.  He couldn't afford to take her for granted.  She
was top priority from now on.
	Ryoko blinked and looked into a nearby window.  She stopped.
Tenchi stopped with her.
	"Ryoko?"
	Ryoko was staring into the store window.  "Isn't it
beautiful?" she asked.
	Tenchi blinked and looked into the window.  It was an art
gallery.  What had caught Ryoko's eye was a seascape painting.  She
continued to stare at it.
	"Um...Ryoko?  Are you okay?"
	She smiled.  "I'm fine.  I just think it's nice, that's all."
She continued to stare at it.
	"Well...I guess it is nice."
	"It's soothing," she said quietly.
	Tenchi arched an eyebrow.  He had never heard Ryoko speak like
that about a picture before.  He blinked as a thought struck him.
He still had some of that money Cavis had given him.  "Do you want
it?"  he asked her.
	Ryoko looked at him.
	"Seriously," he said.  "Let's get it.  If you like it that
much, I want you to have it."
	Ryoko kissed him.  The two entered the store.  The owner of
the store placed the painting in a protective sheath with a smile
and gave it to him.  Tenchi began counting out bills.
	The owner held out his hands.  "No, Your Highness, please.
Take the painting with my compliments."
	Tenchi paused.  "Huh?  No, it wouldn't be right."
	"Please, Your Highness,"  the owner repeated, pleading with
him.  "It is my pleasure.  My brother was a nationalist during
Yosho's reign and was imprisoned.  He painted that picture.  I'm
sure he would want the man who freed him to have it."
	Tenchi didn't know what to say.  Everywhere he went on this
planet, people wanted to treat him like something special, and he
wasn't sure he liked it.  "Um...thank you."
	The owner bowed to him.  "Thank you, Your Highness."
	They left the gallery and continued their walk, but Tenchi was
uncomfortable.  He knew he was going to have to make a final
decision concerning his social status, and soon.

	Cavis entered the empty Megami and made his way to the
command deck.  He wanted to run the registry list through the
Megami's computer and see if they could find a pattern, maybe even
the Guild's hideout.
	He opened the door and sat at the computer terminal.  He
looked up to insert a data crystal into the port and froze.  There
was a note on the computer terminal.
	*Vankovsky's Club.  Eleventh hour.  A friend.*
	Cavis looked at the note and took a breath.  It screamed
'trap,'  but they were running out of options.  He picked up the note
and left the bridge.

	"ARRRRGGGGHHHHHHH!!!!"  Azaka cried, throwing down his
controller.  "DEFEATED AGAIN!!"
	Sasami and Achi laughed.
	"I play winner!"  Achi cried, scooping up the controller.
She and Sasami began playing the next round of the video game.
Azaka growled, but smiled as the two girls engaged in mock combat.
	He looked up as Kamidake entered the office they shared.  "Ah,
Kamidake.  I thought you were on duty tonight."
	"Her Majesty has given me leave to take care of a personal
matter."
	Azaka arched an eyebrow.  "A personal matter?"
	"Yes.  I have something very important to discuss with Ms.
Mihoshi."  The Captain of the Queen's Guard went searching through
his desk until he found a small, velvet box.
	"Ms. Mihoshi?"  Azaka asked.
	"Yes."  He stood in front of Azaka and asked, "How do I look?"
	Azaka blinked.  "You...you look as a Knight of Jurai should."
	Kamidake nodded and started for the door.
	"Kamidake!  Wait!"  Achi cried.  She jumped up and ran to a
nearby vase.  She quickly pulled the nearly wilted flowers from the
vase and ran up to Kamidake.  She held the flowers out to him.
"Take these.  Trust me."
	Kamidake took the flowers and said, "Thank you."  He turned and
walked out the door.
	Sasami blinked after him.  "Achi?"
	"Is there something I should know, Miss Ze'tal?"  Azaka asked.
	Achi turned to them with a big grin on her face.  Sasami
giggled.  "I see!"
	"See what?"  Azaka asked, genuinely puzzled.
	"Nothing,"  Sasami said playfully.  She and Achi giggled.
	"No.  Something is wrong.  What is it?"
	"It's nothing,"  Achi told him, grinning.
	Azaka frowned and shook his head.  "Women."

	Kamidake knocked on Mihoshi's door.  There was no answer.  He
bit his lip in worry.  "Ms. Mihoshi," he called through the door.
"Ms. Mihoshi, it's Kamidake.  Can I come in?"
	No answer.
	"Ms. Mihoshi, I know you're in pain.  I'd like to help."
	Nothing.
	"You know, Ms. Mihoshi, there's no shame in allowing someone
to help you.  I know that after all you've lost helping us, you must
hate us, but please...let me help."
	"Kamidake?"
	Kamidake blinked and looked to his right.  Coming down the
hall toward him with a fast food bag in her hand, was Mihoshi.
	Kamidake turned to her, then the door, then her again and
facefaulted.  "Um...yes, Ms. Mihoshi.  I was wondering if you would
join me for dinner.  There is a matter of great importance that I
must discuss with you."
	"Well, okay."  She walked up and pointed at the flowers.
"Who are the flowers for?"
	"Er...um...you, I suppose," he said lamely and handed them
to her.
	The faintest hint of a smile appeared on her face.  "Thank
you."
	"Well,"  Kamidake said nervously.  "Um...this way."  He led
her down the hall.

	"So...how are you feeling?"  Kamidake asked.  <Why am I so
nervous?>  he asked himself.  <I shouldn't be.  She's my friend.>
	Mihoshi shrugged.
	The two were sitting in the Officer's Club of the Imperial
Guard barracks located on the Palace grounds.  Several Jurain
guardsmen were sitting around them, talking, drinking, laughing,
and generally unwinding after a long day on duty.
	"Um...Ms. Mihoshi, I just want to..."
	Mihoshi held up a hand.  "Please, Kamidake.  Call me,
'Mihoshi,' and I want to say something first."  Kamidake just
blinked and waited  for her to continue.  "I know that I've
disappointed all of you, and I'm sorry."  She seemed on the verge
of tears again.  "I failed everyone.  I've failed you, I failed
Cavis, I failed Kiyone..."  She wiped a tear away.
	"Mihoshi,"
	She stopped him.  "I know what you're going to ask.  I'll
leave the palace as soon as I can."
	Kamidake laughed.  "I'm not going to ask that!"
	Mihoshi blinked.  "You're not?"
	"Mihoshi," he reached out and took her hand without realizing
it.  "I'm here to thank you for all you've done for us.  And Her
Majesty wants to thank you too."
	"Thank me?"  Mihoshi asked.  "But why?  I didn't get the files."
	"We Jurains have a saying.  'Failure, itself, is not a
blameworthy thing.  Only the refusal to try.'  You put yourself at
risk for Jurai.  And for that, we are eternally thankful."
	Mihoshi blinked.  "Is that why you brought me on this date?"
	<DATE?!>  Kamidake's mind cried out in shock.  <THIS IS A
*DATE*?!>
	"Kamidake?"  Mihoshi asked, concerned by the look on his face.
"Are you okay?"
	"HUH?!"
	"You don't look so good."
	"I..um...I..um...I....um..."
	Mihoshi giggled, the first time since being discharged.
Kamidake smiled.
	"Oh, well, I..um...have something for you."  He dug into his
pocket and produced the velvet box.  He placed it on the table in
front of her.
	Mihoshi's eyes went wide.  Her hands clapped over her mouth.
Kamidake looked at her in fright, afraid that she was having a
seizure or something.
	"Are you okay, Mihoshi?"
	She pointed at the box.  "OH, MY GOD, YOU'RE *PROPOSING*!"
	"PROPOSING!?"
	Every head in the club turned in their direction.  Kamidake
looked from side to side in shocked embarrassment.  The other
officers raised their drinks in toast.  "Congragulations, Sir!"
they called out in unison.
	"Kamidake!  I like you and all, but I don't think..."
	<She *likes* me?!>  He tossed the thought aside.  "No!  No!
I'm not proposing!"  He turned to the other officers who were all
staring at him.  "I'm not proposing!"  He turned back to Mihoshi,
exasperated, and pointed at the box.  "Please, just open the box."
	"Oh...Okay!"  Mihoshi took the small box and opened it.  She
blinked at the contents.  Staring up at her were two gold pins in
the shape of tree branches, both without limbs.  She blinked.
"Kamidake...what is this?"
	Kamidake smiled.  "It's a commission," he told her quietly,
"In Her Majesty's Guard."
	Mihoshi looked up in shock.  "What?"
	Kamidake smiled.  "I discussed it with Her Majesty.  She
believes, as I do, that we owe you something.  Loyalty is very
important to we Jurains, Mihoshi.  And if the Galaxy Police can't
recognize it for what it is...then *we* will."
	Mihoshi looked down at the rank insignia.  "I don't know,
Kamidake," she whispered.  "I...I'm not even Jurain!"
	"Birth makes no difference."
	"But I haven't been trained!"
	"You will be,"  Kamidake told her.  "I'm going to see to it
personally.  You'll be commissioned as a Second Lieutenant
immediately and fill an advisory role for now while Azaka and I
train you.  After you're trained, you will join the ranks as a
First Lieutenant."
	Mihoshi shook her head in confusion.  "Kamidake...I can't
accept this.  I..."
	Kamidake took her hand again.  "Please, Mihoshi.  If you want
this, accept this.  You deserve it."  Mihoshi looked unsure.  "And
I think Kiyone would agree."
	Mihoshi sniffled.  Her hands wrapped around the box.  She wiped
a tear away and jumped out of her seat.  She tackled the guard
captain, who fell over backwards in his chair, his back striking
the ground.
	"OH, THANK YOU!"
	"Mihoshi, it's really quite all ri..."  He broke off as
Mihoshi kissed him.
	The other patrons of the club whooped their approval of the
display.
	Mihoshi broke off the kiss and blushed.  "Oh!  Excuse me!  I
didn't..."
	"It's...it's quite all right, Ms. Mihoshi,"  Kamidake told her.
His face was a deep red.
	Someone coughed nearby.  They looked up and found a waiter
standing there, holding their food.  "Dinner is served, Captain."
	The two stood up and took their seats.

	"You think it's a trap?"  Davner asked.
	Cavis bit his lip.  "I don't know.  It doesn't fit the pattern,
but then again, when has this Charis person followed a pattern?"
	Davner smiled and coughed, pulling a handkerchief and holding
it to his mouth.  Cavis frowned as the Mollidoni hacked into the silk
kerchief.
	"Are you okay, Dav?"
	Davner continued to cough and waved the question aside.  "Ugh,
damn Jurain atmosphere," he muttered.
	Cavis just nodded and let it drop.
	"So what do you want to do?"
	Cavis sighed.  "Meet them, I guess."
	Davner nodded.  "We'll grab Ssedrey and go out for the night.
Booze, women...it'll be fun."
	Cavis grinned.  "Okay, find Ssedrey.  I'll see if Ryoko wants
in on this."
	"What about Meg?"
	Cavis bit his lip.  "No.  I want her, Mihoshi, and Washu to
stay close to the royal family.  If this is a trap, it might not
be a trap for *us*, if you catch my meaning."
	Davner nodded.  "While the cat's away..."
	"The Guild comes in and butchers the kittens,"  Cavis finished.
"Find Ssedrey.  I'll get Ryoko.  Pass the plan along to the others
if you see them."
	Davner nodded and coughed again.  "On it."

	Ryoko hung the painting on the wall of her room and stepped
back, admiring it.  It had a soothing effect on her in some way she
couldn't explain.  Still, it was missing something.  She stepped out
of her room and began searching the corridor.  She saw Ayeka walking
toward her.
	"Ah, Ryoko," the princess greeted her.  "How are you feeling?
Has Tenchi spoken to you yet?"
	Ryoko nodded absently as she searched the walls.
	Ayeka blinked in puzzlement.  "That's good."  Ryoko paid no
attention.  "Um...are you looking for something?"
	Ryoko stopped in front of another painting, this one was a
painting of a sleepy forest glen.  She pointed at it.  "Can I borrow
this painting, Ayeka?"
	Ayeka paused, surprised by the question.  The painting seemed
so unlike Ryoko, a person who liked blowing things up simply to watch
the explosion.  "I...I suppose so."
	"Great."  Ryoko reached out and took the painting.  Without
another word, she started back to her room.
	"Um...Ryoko?"  Ayeka asked as she followed her into Ryoko's
room in the palace.  She watched perplexed as Ryoko hung the
painting on the wall right next to the original painting.  Ryoko
floated in front of it and placed her finger to her lips.
	Ayeka looked from the painting, to the pirate, and back again.
"Ryoko?" she repeated.
	"Still missing something..."
	The two women turned as a knock was heard on the door.  Cavis
was standing there.  "Ryoko, ya gotta sec?"
	"Sure, Cav.  What's up?"
	Cavis showed her the note and explained his plan.  Ryoko
nodded.  "Okay, I'm in.  Who else is coming?"
	"Ssedrey and Davner, so far."
	Ayeka tensed a little.
	"I want the rest to stay here in case this is some attempt to
draw us away from Ayeka and Sasami."
	"You're not leaving without me,"  someone said from behind
them.  Cavis turned and found Tenchi there.
	"It's for your own good, kid," Cavis told him.  "You're a
royal.  That makes you a target."
	Tenchi walked up to them.  "If Ryoko's going, then I'm going.
She's a priority."
	Ryoko smiled in pride.  Cavis sighed and nodded.  "Okay, kid.
You're in too."  Tenchi nodded seriously.  "We'll meet on the Megami
at the ninth hour and leave from there."  Tenchi and Ryoko nodded
their assent.  Cavis started down the hall.  To his surprise, Ayeka
fell into step beside him.
	"Something I can do for you, Princess?"
	"Mr. Cavis, have you noticed anything odd about Ryoko lately?"
	Cavis arched an eyebrow.  "Odd?"
	"She's behaving...differently...than usual."
	"How so?"
	Ayeka looked over her shoulder as if to see if Ryoko was
listening in.  "She's been erratic...more so than usual, I mean."
Cavis smiled at this.  "And she's been collecting art."
	Cavis stopped and turned to her.  "Art?"
	Ayeka nodded.  "And she's not stealing it or selling it or
anything.  If she was, at least *that* could be considered normal
for her, but..she's just putting it up in her room."
	Cavis arched another eyebrow.  "I don't know, Ayeka.  I've
always applied only one rule to Ryoko."
	"What's that?"
	"Never try to apply rules to Ryoko."
	Ayeka facefaulted.
	"Okay, look, why don't you talk to Washu and see if she'll
scan Ryoko covertly or something.  Maybe she just has gas or
something."
	Ayeka nodded.  "Very well."  Cavis nodded and turned from her.
"Mr. Cavis."  Cavis paused and turned back.  "A favor."   Cavis
waited for her to continue.  "Could you...Would you please look
after Da...Mr. Davner for me?"
	Cavis grinned.  "I think I can arrange that."
	"Thank you, Mr. Cavis."  Cavis nodded and left.
	At that point, Ryoko appeared next to her.  "Hey Ayeka.
Something wrong?"
	Ayeka shook her head.  "No, I was just..." She looked up and
saw Kamidake approaching.  The two women stopped in front of a
painting of Mt. Hanayama.  Kamidake walked up to them and bowed.
	"Your Highness.  I have a favor to ask of you."
	"Of course, Kamidake.  What can I do for you?"
	"It's a ceremonial matter.  I am inducting a new officer into
your mother's guard, and I require two members of the royal family
for the ceremony.  Her Majesty has already agreed, but His Majesty
is indisposed.  Would you..."
	Ayeka smiled.  "Of course."  She turned to Ryoko.  "If you'll
excuse me, Ryoko."
	"Sure, Ayeka.  See ya when we get back."
	Ayeka fell into step next to Kamidake.  "So who is this new
Guard?  I wasn't aware you had a new officer candidate."  Ryoko
watched them turn a corner.  Suddenly, she heard Ayeka's voice
screaming from around the corner.  "ARE YOU INSANE!!!???"
	Ryoko arched an eyebrow and began to turn.  She paused for a
moment and regarded the painting next to her.  Looking quickly from
side to side, she reached out, grabbed the painting off the wall,
and dematerialized with it.

	Mihoshi stood nervously in the center of the throne room.  She
looked up at the three figures in front of her.  In the center
stood Queen Misaki.  On her right was Ayeka.  Both women were in
ceremonial kimonos.  On Misaki's left stood Kamidake.  Mihoshi
trembled a little.  She had never done well with ceremony.
	"Who speaks for this woman?"  Misaki asked, raising her
voice so that it echoed throughout the throne room.
	Kamidake stepped forward.  "I do, Your Majesty."
	"You believe her to be loyal to My Majesty?"  Misaki asked.
	"I do, Your Majesty."
	"Then have her approach."
	Kamidake nodded to Mihoshi, who stepped forward uneasily.
	"Kneel, child,"  Misaki commanded.
	Mihoshi knelt before Misaki, who produced a light sword from
her kimono.  The sword flashed into existance with a *snap-hiss*.
Mihoshi swallowed nervously.  Kamidake had explained this ceremony
to her.  In ancient times, if the Queen decided a candidate was
unworthy, she could take this opportunity to cut their head off.
	Misaki did no such thing.  Instead she held the blade to
Mihoshi's throat and asked, "Do you swear now, loyalty to me, this
honored family, and this noble house, unswavering eternally, until
the day you die?"
	Mihoshi took a breath and nodded, whispering.  "I do."
	The blue light blade wavered for a moment before Misaki pulled
it away and disengaged it.  "Then rise, loyal Guardsman."
	Mihoshi stood up.  On cue, two hand maidens approached and
draped her in a blue and white tunic.  Mihoshi stood there nervously
as the hand maidens began to apply blue warpaint to her face.
When they were finished applying the angular designs to either
cheek, they stepped back.  Misaki and Ayeka approached and stood
on either side of her.  They reached up and pinned the gold branches
to either side of her collar.
	"Congragulations, Mihoshi,"  Ayeka whispered.  She stepped
back, turned on her heel, and walked back toward Kamidake.  As she
passed him, she muttered.  "I don't want her anywhere near me when
you give her a lightsword."
	"Yes, Your Highness,"  Kamidake whispered.
	Mihoshi took a lesson from the Galaxy Police drill instructors
and remained at attention.
	Misaki looked down at Mihoshi regally.  "I accept you into my
service.  Captain."  Kamidake stepped forward.  "Take charge of my
Guard and carry on."
	"Yes, Your Majesty."
	With that, Misaki and Ayeka walked regally out of the throne
room, their handmaidens with them.  Mihoshi didn't move.  Kamidake
smiled and stepped toward her.  Mihoshi remained at attention.
	"Mihoshi?"  he asked.
	"SIR, YES SIR!"
	Kamidake flinched.  "Um...At ease, Lieutenant."  Mihoshi
relaxed a little.  "Congragulations, Lieutenant Mihoshi."
	"Thank you, Kamid...Sir."
	"Kamidake, Lieutenant.  We're not on duty."
	"Mihoshi, Kamidake."  The Guard Captain smiled.  Mihoshi cast
her eyes downward sadly.  "I wish Kiyone could've seen it."
	Kamidake smiled and rested a hand on her shoulder.  "You'll
get to surprise her when she wakes up."
	Mihoshi smiled.  "Yeah!  I will!  So what now?"
	"Now, we celebrate."

	"Vankovsky's,"  Ryoko read off the bright neon sign.  The group
was standing outside a large, one story building in the middle of
south side of the capital city of Jurai.  The south side was the
seedier side of the capital.  "It's been awhile since we've been
here.  I wonder if Vankovsky remembers us."
	"Probably,"  Cavis remarked.  "He has a habit of remembering
people who borrow money from him."
	"Um...Cav,"  Davner broke in.  "You *did* pay him back, didn't
you?"
	Cavis looked at them and said simply, "Check is in the mail."
	The group entered through the front entrance of the club into
an antechamber.  The walls on either side were glass, allowing them
to look downstairs into the crowded club.  The entrance that led
to the stairs was open, surrounded by a stip of green light, forming
a neon doorway.
	Tenchi blinked in shock.  There was no sound.  He was
expecting loud music, shouting, or something.  Maybe this wouldn't
be so bad.
	"It's awfully quiet,"  Tenchi remarked.  "Are you sure this
is the right place?"
	Cavis smiled.  "Real sure."  He threw a look at Davner.  "Hey,
Tenchi, why don't you lead us in?"
	"Um...Okay."  Tenchi walked forward, past the neon door...
	And fell to his knees in pain immediately afterward.  He
clapped his hands over his ears to block the attack.  After a second,
he realized what it was.
	Music.
	Very loud music.
	He opened his eyes and saw a band playing near one wall.  He
got to his feet and turned to see Cavis, Davner, and Ssedrey
laughing from the antechamber.  He couldn't hear them for some
reason.  Ryoko pushed Cavis aside and walked in.  Davner spoke to
Cavis as he followed, and it wasn't until he passed the neon barrier
that he could hear the pirate's words.
	"...ood one, Cav."
	Tenchi looked to Ryoko in puzzlement.  "It's a sonic dampener,"
she said.  "Jurai has *very* strict noise pollution laws."
	Tenchi took the opportunity to look around.  He had adjusted
to the noise now.  He saw Cavis and Davner descend the stairs and
start toward the bar, which was rather crowded.  There were two
stages.  One which held the band, and one near the bar that featured
nude dancers.  Tenchi felt a nosebleed coming on, but suppressed it.
He followed the others down the stairs.
	Unbeknownst to them, they were being watched.  Sitting at a
private booth in the corner, a woman watched them.
	The bartender looked up as the group approached.  He looked
Ryoko up and down and addressed her.  "You looking for work?" he
shouted above the music.
	Ryoko's eyes flashed angrily.  She reached out, grabbed the
bartender by the collar, and growled.  "Hey, pal!  No one sees me
naked but Tenchi!"  She pointed to Tenchi in emphasis.
	Davner reached out and rested his hand on Ryoko's arm.  He
reached into his jacket and spoke.  "We're here for business...not
pleasure."  As he said this, he removed a twenty Jurai bill and
stopped a passing waitress.  "Could you break this into singles
for me, darl'n?  Thank you."  He took the money and walked to the
other end of the bar, where the dancers were.
	Cavis smiled and addressed the bartender as Ryoko released him.
"We're here to see Vankovsky."
	"Who's look'n?"  the bartender asked.
	Cavis held up a fifty Jurai bill, Ayeka's face prominent in
the center.  "Ayeka Jurai."
	The bartender took the money and waved for him to follow.
	"Davner!"  Cavis called out.
	"Com-ing!"  Davner replied.  He licked a Jurai bill and
slapped one of the dancer's thighs.  The dancer yelped.  The bill
stuck.  The pirate followed them to another booth nearby.
	The man sitting there was a heavy set Artellian, with light
green hair. He looked up from his drink and smiled.  "Dorktover!
Cavis Dorktover!  Zo goot to zee you!"
	Cavis sat across from Vankovsky and nodded in greeting.
"How've you been, Vankovsky?"
	"Good, good.  Vhat can I do vor you, Cavis?"
	The others were standing nearby, watching out for trouble.
"We're looking for someone.  We're expected."
	"Hmmmm... Zuch az?"
	"Him,"  Ryoko said, interrupting them.  They all followed her
gaze and found a familiar man sitting at a table nearby.  Tenchi
nodded.
	"De," he said.
	Cavis grinned.  "Thanks, Van, 'preciate it."  Cavis got up
and started away from the booth.
	"Vait!  Vhat about my money?!"
	"Check's in the mail,"  Cavis called back.

	Outside the club, several landcars came to a stop.  Stepping
out of the driver's side of one of them was a Galaxy Police
Lieutenant.  Out of the passenger side stepped an Assassin.

	He saw them approach and held his hands out on the table.
Cavis stood in front of him.  "Ssedrey, if his hands move, cut
them off."
	Ssedrey hissed. and fingered a vorpolia.
	"You got my note,"  Warshan commented.
	"What can I say?  I love getting valentines."
	"We need to talk,"  Warshan told him.
	"So...talk."
	Warshan and Cavis shared a hard stare.  "You're after Charis."
	"Yes, I am."
	"Get in line."
	Cavis arched an eyebrow.
	"Wait," Tenchi broke in.  "Are you saying that..."
	"I want her dead,"  Warshan interrupted.  "*That's* what I'm
saying.  And I need you to help make it happen."
	"Why would a high level Assassin want to kill another?"
Ssedrey asked.
	"Ambition,"  Cavis said in disgust.
	"Self preservation," Warshan corrected.  "Not everyone in the
Guild supports her.  Unfortunately, most of those people have been
rooted out and killed."
	"Sounds like a bullshit story to me,"  Davner remarked with
a cough.
	"Your friends should not be hunted,"  Warshan told them.
"That contract was to be voided, but Charis has embarked on a
private vendetta that flies in the face of our traditions, the very
thing that makes the Guild what it is."
	"What vendetta?"  Cavis asked.  "Why is she making this
personal?"
	Warshan smiled.  "Narkaya Sudorin.  You killed him."
	"So?"
	"She was sleeping with him."  Cavis swore under his breath.
Finally, they had a motive.  "The way I figure it, we need each
other.  You help me kill Charis, and I void the contract for good."
	There was some commotion from the door.  Cavis looked up but
couldn't see what was happening.  "Dav.  Ssedrey."
	Davner drew his AM gun.  He and Ssedrey started for the
entrance.
	That's when the shooting started.
	Club patrons screamed.  Cavis drew his blaster.  Ryoko and
Tenchi had their swords ignited in less than a second.  Warshan
stood and drew a small, repeating blaster of his own.  People were
mobbing the exits.  There was more shooting from the entrance.
Some club patrons who happened to be armed were firing back.
	"What the hell!?"  Ryoko cried.
	"It's her,"  Warshan muttered.
	"And she's got friends,"  Tenchi remarked.  It was true.  They
could see a horde of armed men coming in through the main entrance.
	"Shit,"  Cavis remarked.
	"Dorktover!"
	The looked and found Vankovsky waving at them ten meters away.
He was holding a trapdoor in the floor open.
	"Hurry!"
	"Let's go!"  Cavis shouted.  He started for the trap door.
	"Come on, Tenchi!"  Ryoko cried.  She grabbed Tenchi and ran
for a nearby wall, intending to phase through it with Tenchi to
safety.
	Things didn't work out that way.
	Ryoko and Tenchi struck the wall and collapsed in a heap.
Cavis and Warshan saw this and picked them up, hurrying for the trap
door.
	Davner and Ssedrey pushed their way through the crowd toward
the entrance.  The Mollidoni saw a man with a repeater pushing his
way towards him.  Davner rushed forward, and before the Assassin
realized he had found one of his targets, the butt of Davner's AM
gun was whizzing through the air towards his face.  The Assassin
fell to the ground like a ton of bricks.  He looked to his right
and saw Ssedrey using his vorpolia axes to bring down two more.
	He could hear more shooting from ahead of him.  More men.
With all the panic, it was hard to make heads or tails of what was
happening.  He heard a sharp *CRACK* from behind him and turned.
A man was standing there, clutching at his neck, tearing at a red
energy whip that had coiled around it.  He fell to his knees, then
to the ground.  Davner looked up and found the bearer of the whip.
He grit his teeth.
	Nagi looked at him, Ken-Ohki on her shoulder.
	"Dav!  Let's go!"  Cavis shouted from the trap door.
	Davner regarded the bounty hunter for a moment and started for
the door, Ssedrey in tow.  He turned a the last second and called out.
	"Well!?  What the hell are you waiting for!?  Come on!"
	Nagi paused for a second, then followed.  Together, the three
of them jumped down through the trap door.

	One wall of the club exploded inward.  Plasma bolts shot from
the dust cloud left by the explosion.  By the time it cleared,
everyone in the club had either fled or had been killed.  Two women
stood there, flanked by Assassins and a few GP.  One of them, a
redhead, looked around her in shock.  The other, an Assassin,
searched the club with her eyes, checking bodies.  She searched
frantically.  He wasn't here!  The traitor was gone!  The royal
was gone!  The whore was gone!
	Her eyes rested on the trapdoor.  A plasma blast had reopened
it.  Her eyes widened.
	"PURSUE!!" she screamed.
	The Assassins on either side of her rushed to the trapdoor.

	Davner hit the water with a splash.  He looked around himself
and blinked in shock.  Water filled the dimly lit tunnel up to his
waist.  He saw Cavis and the others making their way down the tunnel.
He felt another splash as Nagi hit the water next to him.  Ken-Ohki
'ciao'd and shook himself off.  From down the tunnel, Ssedrey waved
for them.
	"Let's go,"  he told the bounty hunter.  The two started
down the tunnel.
	"Why did you help me?"  Davner asked her, holding his AM gun
up over the water.
	Nagi shrugged.  "Why not?"
	"What were you doing there, anyway?"
	Nagi's expression didn't change.  "Hunting."
	"You were after De, right?"
	Nagi didn't answer.  They heard a splash from behind them.
	"Shit!"  Davner turned and raised the AM gun.  Nagi pressed
herself against the wall.  Davner fired a shot up at the ceiling
down the corridor.  There was an explosion of dust and debris.
Davner and Nagi hurried down the corridor.
	"Dav!  Haul ass!"  he heard Cavis call from the other end.
The two slogged through the water.  Suddenly, a blaster bolt struck
the wall near them.  Davner fired the remaining shell back down the
corridor.  He broke the AM gun and ejected the empty shells.  He
pulled two more from his pocket and reloaded.  He aimed the gun,
but Nagi stopped him.
	"You can't keep blowing the ceiling down!"  she told him.
"The entire corridor will collapse!"
	"You have a better solution?"
	Nagi activated her energy sword and jumped up.  She swung the
sword around and struck two of the wooden supports holding the
corridor up.  The corridor behind them collapsed, sealing it off.
Nagi landed in the water and disengaged her sword.  She turned to
him.
	Davner gestured to the mass of rubble.  "I thought you didn't
want to bring the ceiling down."
	Nagi regarded him for a moment.  "I didn't want *you* to
bring the ceiling down.  I prefer to live, thank you."
	Davner started to laugh, but ended up coughing instead.
	"Hey!  You guys okay?"  Cavis called back.
	"Yeah, Cav,"  Davner called back.  "No sweat."

	"Thanks for the help, Vankovsky,"  Cavis told him.  "Now why'd
you do it?"
	"A dead man cannot repay hiz debtz."  Vankovsky told him
seriously as he waded through the water.  Davner and Nagi had just
about caught up by now.
	Cavis looked down at Ryoko, in his arms.  She started to come
around.  "What happened?"  she asked.
	"You hit a wall,"  Cavis said with a smile.  "It just jumped
out of nowhere."
	"Huh?  Tenchi!  Where's Tenchi!?"
	"I'm here,"  Tenchi said from behind Cavis.  He held his head
in pain.  "I think."
	"I can walk, Cav.  Let me down."
	"You sure?"
	"Yeah, lemme down."
	Cavis put Ryoko on her feet in the water.  She phased out and
reappeared next to Tenchi, taking his arm possessively.  "Are you
okay?!  Are you hurt!?"
	"Yeah, I'm fine."  Tenchi gave her hand a squeeze and tried to
pull away for more room.  Ryoko wouldn't let him go.  She remained
clamped to his arm, a permanent fixture.  Tenchi gave up and let her
stay.
	"Where does this tunnel go?"  Ssedrey asked.
	"Vone of my varehouzes,"  Vankovsky told him.
	"Let's hope they don't check them."
	"NAGI!?"  Ryoko cried, whirling around at the owner of the
voice.  She raised her arm to form a lightsword, but Davner held a
hand up.
	"It's okay, darl'n.  She's on our side....I think."
	"It's negotiable,"  Nagi corrected.
	Ryoko glared at her but disengaged the sword.  "Fine.  You
walk in front."
	Nagi shrugged and stepped to the front.  Ryoko stayed behind
her and kept a careful watch on her.
	"Okay, now what?"  Cavis asked Warshan.
	"Now we deal."
	Cavis didn't answer.
	"You help me kill Charis, and I don't kill you."
	Cavis grabbed him by the front of the shirt and slammed him
into the wall.  He held him there and leaned toward him until their
faces were only an inch apart.  "You think that's funny, smart ass?"
Cavis hissed.
	"No," Warshan said seriously.  "It's a legitimate offer.  You
help me, and I cancel the order to have you killed."
	Cavis glared.  "Nagi," he called out.
	"Yeah?"
	"How much could you get for an Assassin with a hundred kills
under his belt?"
	"More than I could get for everyone else in this corridor
combined."
	"Whaddya say, De?"  Cavis asked.  "How's that for a
counteroffer?"
	Warshan shrugged.  "I'm dead anyway.  Or do you think you were
the only target tonight?"
	Cavis said nothing.
	"He could be telling the truth, Cavis,"  Tenchi spoke up.
	"You believe him?"  Cavis asked.
	Tenchi looked at Ryoko before saying, "I think people can
change."
	Cavis released Warshan.  "You can start by telling me where
your base of operations is."
	"No."
	"No?"  Cavis asked.
	"I'm here to destroy Charis, not the Guild.  She's the only
target you should be concerned with."
	"I'm already after Charis.  What do I need you for?"
	"Because I can give you information.  I won't give you the
location of our temple, but I can give you the locations of other
bases, bases run by Charis supporters.  I can give you IFF
transponder frequencies, comm frequencies, weak spots in the armor
of certain ships..."
	"Okay.  That's enough,"  Cavis said.  "I guess I'll keep you
around after all."
	"Wise,"  Warshan commented.
	"Can ve *pleaze* go now?"  Vankovsky asked.
	Cavis released Warshan and said.  "Right.  Let's go."

	"How do you feel?"  Tenchi asked as he and Ryoko walked up the
stairs to their room.  Ryoko had been a little distant since the
incident at the club.
	"I'm fine."
	"Are you sure?"
	They stopped outside their room.  Ryoko grinned and took his
hand.  "Would you like me to show you how fine I am?"
	Tenchi smiled.  "Sure."
	Ryoko opened the door and led him inside.  Tenchi blinked at
what he saw.  Several new paintings hung from the walls.
	"You've been redecorating," he noted, a little unsure.
	"I like them," she told him.  "They calm me."
	Tenchi turned to her.  "That's an odd thing to say."
	"Hmmmm," she said.  Suddenly, she was on him.  She tackled him
and knocked him to the bed, landing on top of him.  She grinned down
at him.
	Tenchi smiled and reached out to embrace her.  Suddenly, she
grabbed his wrists and pinned them over his head.  Tenchi was a
little surprised, but didn't think anything of it.  Ryoko leaned
down and kissed him, keeping him pinned to the bed.  She moved down
and kissed his neck, working up to his ear.
	"You're *my* Tenchi," she whispered.  "All mine."
	He smiled.  "Yes, Ma'am," he whispered back.
	"All mine," she repeated. She nibbled his ear and resumed
kissing his way down his neck.
	Tenchi's breath quickened.  Ryoko seemed a little different
tonight.  He couldn't really explain how.  She just *felt* different.
	"After tonight," she whispered as she kissed his neck.  "You'll
never stray again."
	Tenchi smiled a little uncomfortably.  "Ryoko..."
	She kissed his left shoulder.
	"Are you feeling okay.  I mean, are you sure you'r...OW!"
	Tenchi got up and grabbed hold of Ryoko's wrists.
	"Ryoko!  What are you doing?"  He released her wrist and
touched his shoulder.  He looked at his fingers and saw blood there.
	She had *bit* him!
	Ryoko saw the blood on his fingers.  Her eyes widened in shock.
Her hand went to her mouth.  There was blood on her lips.  Tenchi
was staring at her in disbelief.
	"Tenchi!  I...I'm sorry!  I..."
	"Ryoko,"  Tenchi said worriedly, "What's wrong with you?"
	Ryoko looked up at him with tears in her eyes.  "I don't know,
Tenchi," she whispered.  "I really don't know!"  She reached out
and touched his cheek, a tear running down her face.  "I don't know!"
she repeated fearfully.  "Help me, Tenchi!  Please!  Help me!"
	"Okay, Ryoko!"  Tenchi said, caressing her face.  "I'll help
you.  I promise!  I'll..."  He broke off as Ryoko's eyelids fluttered.
"Ryoko?"
	Without another word, Ryoko lost consciousness, falling forward
into his arms.
	"RYOKO!"
	Suddenly, the communicator on the nightstand chimed.
	"Tenchi?  Ryoko?  It's Washu.  Listen, I was wondering if..."
	"WASHU!"  Tenchi cried out in fear.  "GET UP HERE!  HURRY!
PLEASE, GOD, HURRY!"
	"Okay, I'm on my way!"  The communicator went dead.
	He cradled Ryoko in his arms.  "Come on, Ryoko, wake up," he
begged quietly.  "Please, Ryoko!  Wake up!"  Tears of fear welled
up in his eyes.  "PLEASE!"  he begged, brushing a few hairs out of
her eyes.
	"RYOKO!  PLEASE!"
	Three minutes later, Washu found Tenchi weeping over Ryoko's
unmoving form...


Please send C&C to:
Thomas "009" Doscher
doscher009@hotmail.com

Thanks for reading!  ^_^
