Hallo hallo, everyone.
Here's part 4 of Destiny's Balance.  Sorry it took so long.  School,
(shrugs)  go figure.  Anyway, here we go.  Tenchi Muyo is the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC.  Ssedrey is the property of Daniel
Powell, and is being used with his permission.  I'd like to thank Cav
and Meg for helping me proof this fic.  Thanks, guys.

Destiny's Balance Part 4:  The Unstable Balance


	So many new faces...
	That was the thought running through Warshan De's mind as he
sat at the rectangular table where the senior members of the Assassin's
Guild met to discuss strategy.  Until today, this table had been filled
with men and women Warshan knew and trusted.
	No more.
	Apis, killed by the Guild's new leader, Lezell Charis, only three
days before.  Lord Sudorin, who would normally be leading the Guild,
was replaced by his lover and second in command, Charis.
	Two more faces were conspicuously absent.  Warshan knew why.  He
grit his teeth at the thought.  Vazner had been cornered by Galaxy
Police three days ago and killed on Morphia.  Warshan felt a pang of
regret.  He would miss the Mollidoni's smooth drawl and cavalier
attitude.
	Also missing was Rak Zhugoi, a Rendowat who was a fair Assassin,
but even better warrior.  His ship had been confronted with a GP task
force, and rather than be captured, Zhugoi had detonated the engines
on his ship and killed himself.
	He knew why they weren't here, and it had nothing to do with a
lucky day for the GP.  Charis had proved that with how quickly she
found replacements for them.  Warshan knew that both men had voiced
opposition to her vendetta.  That was the reason they weren't here.
	He didn't like the replacements.  Vazner's replacement, a tall,
lanky man named, "Striker," was far too nervy for Warshan's taste.  He
had a tendency to twitch thanks to an old wound, and the two modified
meson blasters he wore on each hip had hair triggers.  Zhugoi had been
replaced by Arianna Reduna, a woman long known for her knife fetish.
She could use them almost as an extension of her own body.  Both
replacements were full fledged supporters of Charis.
	Thank the Heavens for Dantoulouine.
	The oldest member of Guild had not yet arrived, but that was
normal.  Dantoulouine often arrived to meetings late.  Sudorin had
humored him out of respect.  He was the Guild's conscience, the one who
kept problems from getting out of hand, and they loved him for it.  As
a result, it was to Dantoulouine that Warshan had gone to for help with
Charis.  The man who had made Warshan his apprentice all those years
ago smiled and told him he would speak to young Charis about curbing
her excesses.  Warshan smiled.  Dantoulouine would handle it.
	"Let's begin,"  Charis said.  "First, I want..."
	"Respectfully,"  Warshan said, "Dantoulouine isn't here yet.  We
should wait."
	Charis blinked.  "Oh, yes.  Him.  Thank you, De, I nearly
forgot."  She cleared her throat and stood up.  "Due to a difference
of opinion between myself and Mr. Dantoulouine, he will not be joining
us ever again."  She casually sat down again.
	Warshan blinked in shock.
	Striker smiled.  "'Bout time someone put the old buzzard out of
his misery."  He laughed.
	Less then a second later, blasters all over the table were drawn.
Warshan had his pointed at Striker, Striker's were pointed at Warshan.
Lines were clearly drawn.  The Charis supporters were pointing weapons
at the older faction, the *smaller* faction.  The older Assassins were
pointing weapons right back at them.
	Charis sat there calmly for a moment.  Then, she stood up and
slammed her palms on the table.  "My *dear* colleagues," she said
loudly, "Lest we forget,  *I* lead the Guild.  Therefore, only *I* will
determine which Assassins die and which do not!  Now holster your
weapons and *sit down*!"
	Slowly, the Assassins sat down.  All except for Warshan and
Striker.  Warshan's eyes narrowed.  Striker grinned, his eye twitched.
	"De!  Striker!  The next time I ask will be from the other side
of my gun!"
	Warshan holstered his weapon.  Striker grinned and sat down.
	Charis began the meeting again.  Warshan fumed silently.  Charis
had done it.  She had crossed the line.  Now, he *had* to act.  But
how?  She had placed loyal supporters everywhere.  It was impossible
to tell who hated her, who was indifferent, and who only pretended to
hate her.  He was going to need help.
	One thing was for sure, Lezell Charis' days in this universe were
numbered.  With any luck, that number was very small.
	"Now, then,"  Charis said, "I have been informed that our quarry
has reached Jurai."  She smiled.  "It's time to go hunting."

	"You count the number of guards?"  Cavis asked Ssedrey quietly
as they stood in the hall.
	Ssedrey nodded.  "Numerous.  Twenty seven armed with blasters,
twice as many with pressure pikes."
	Cavis turned to Achi.  "Achi?"
	She shook her head.  "They're tensed, but not hostile....yet."
	"I think you should relax, Cavis,"  Ryoko told him.  "If they
wanted us, they could've had us."  She grinned and took Tenchi's arm.
"Besides, we're their *guests*!"
	Cavis returned her grin.  "People such as ourselves do not walk
into the throne room of Jurai without a plan for getting out again."
He gestured to Jurai's Great Hall around him.
	"Well," Tenchi spoke up, "Ayeka said her parents have given you
guys a safe conduct.  Do you think they'd go back on it?"
	Cavis looked around himself nervously.  "Don't know.  They might
if they thought it would get them anything."  He turned to Davner, who
looked deep in thought.  "Hey, Dav.  What do you think?"
	Davner didn't answer.
	Ryoko blinked.  "Hey, Davner.  You okay?"
	He looked up.  "Hmm?  Oh, yes, o'course, darl'n.  Just...
collecting my thoughts."
	Ryoko hmm'd in thought.  She could tell he was worried about
something.  Ayeka?  But why?  Sure, she and Sasami had been in the
throne room a long time, but it's not like they were in danger or
anything.  Kiyone and Mihoshi were at the branch GP office downtown
filing a report.  The rest of the gang was waiting for an audience
with the King and Queen of Jurai.
	"I do not believe they would double cross us,"  Ssedrey rumbled.
"And if they did, it would be some place more....convenient for them
than the royal throne room."
	"Ssedrey's right!"  Achi announced.  "They could've arrested us
the second Ayeka and Sasami walked inside, but they didn't, and they
even served us cake!"  She held up one of the Jurain pastries a
serving maid had offered them as evidence.  Atop her head, the Little
Kawaii Tenctacle gurgled and tried to reach the pastry with the end
of himself.
	"I agree,"  Washu told them.  "There would be no point to it."
	Finally, a well dressed chamberlain came out of the throne room
and motioned for them to follow him.   He led them inside to the
mammoth Jurain throne room.  The walls were lined with guards and
trees.  The throne itself sat on a circular dais.  The king of Jurai,
Azusa, sat there, his wife, Misaki, stood on his right.  Ayeka and
Sasami stood on his left.
	Cavis led the gang to the foot of the steps and kneeled.  He
may be a criminal, but he still considered himself a Jurain.  Ssedrey
dipped his snout, the only sign of respect he was permitted to give
outworlders.  Tenchi and Ryoko kneeled.  Achi curtsied with a giggle.
Davner bowed in the Mollidoni fashion, right arm going into the air
while the left folded into his chest.
	Beside Azusa, Misaki blinked.
	The king spoke.
	"Cavis Darktower, Ssedrey, Davner, Achi Z'etal.  My daughters
have told me their stories.  You have saved their lives and you shall
be rewarded."  He raised his voice, "Know now that you are hereby
pardoned for all criminal acts committed up until now within the
borders of Jurai.  This courtesy also extends to Ms. Ryoko."  There
was a collective sigh of relief from the gang.  "You will also be
rewarded by other means which we will discuss later."
	As he said this, Misaki descended the stairs and approached.
Standing next to him, Ryoko saw Davner tense.
	"You will remain here in the palace as our guests,"  Azusa
continued.  "I..."  He trailed off as he saw Misaki circle Davner and
stop in front of him.
	Ayeka's eyes widened fearfully.
	Cavis, it seemed, was also concerned.  "Um...Dav, you didn't,
by any chance, tick off the Queen of Jurai in your travels, did you?"
	Davner gulped and met the Queen's gaze.
	"'Cause if you did,"  Cavis continued, "I would like to state
for the record that I don't know you."
	Misaki stared at him.  "I've waited for this day for a *long*
time," she said.
	"Misaki?"  Azusa asked in confusion.
	"Um...Mother?"  Ayeka asked nervously.  "Is there a problem?"
	Misaki stared at him for another moment, then she grinned and
embraced him.
	"Davner tan liesta noweigo!"  she cried in his native language.
	Davner smiled and hugged the matron.  "Misy!"
	The jaws of everyone in the room hit the floor.
	Misaki stepped back and examined him.  "Yenta na," she said,
"Tolos nandien fen seita na!"
	Davner smiled wearily.  "You're looking fine, too, Misy."
	"Misaki?"  Azusa asked, standing from his throne.  Ayeka merely
looked on in pure shock.  "You *know* this...er..person?"
	Misaki turned back to him.  "I do indeed," she said.  "King Azusa
of Jurai, may I present..."
	"Misy..."  Davner whispered urgently, quietly begging.
	Misaki either didn't hear him or didn't care.  "Davner Illias
nos Mollidon!"
	Ayeka nearly fainted in astonishment.  She knew enough Mollidoni
to recognize the "nos" part in Davner's full name.  It translated to,
"of the house."  "Mollidon," was...
	The Queen continued.
	"Fourth Prince of the Sovereign Kingdom of Mollidon!"

	"Time for the meat grinder,"  Kiyone commented wearily.
	"Come on, Kiyone!"  Mihoshi said cheerily, "The interview can't
be *that* bad!"
	Kiyone looked at her partner in pity.  "Have you ever been to a
class two debriefing, Mihoshi?"
	Mihoshi blinked and bit her lip in thought.
"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm........Nope!  Don't think so!"
	"Trust me, they can be murder."  She sighed.  "Then again, it
really depends on who's conducting the debriefing.  Some just want the
facts, and others will try to blame you for every little thing that
went wrong during the course of the investigation."
	Mihoshi smiled.  "Well, then, let's hope we get someone nice."
	"Detectives Kiyone and Mihoshi,"  a sergeant called out.  "Room
six-oh-six."
	Kiyone and Mihoshi stood up from their chairs in the waiting room
and proceeded down the corridor.  They arrived at room six-oh-six and
opened the door.  Kiyone's heart dropped into her stomach the second
she saw who would be conducting the debriefing.
	"Well, hello, Kiyone!"  the redhead sitting at the table called
out.  "Long time no see!"
	"Mitsuki,"  Kiyone whispered.  "*Of course* it would be Mitsuki."
	Mitsuki brought out a data pad and light pen.  "Sit down.  Let's
begin."
	Kiyone thought she was going to cry.

	"I cannot believe you!"  Ayeka hissed angrily, but quietly as
she sat next to him at the palace dining room table.
	"Do we have to talk about it here?"  Davner whispered back.
	Sitting on either side of them, Ryoko next to Ayeka, Achi next
to Davner, the ex-criminal and the empath listened on nervously.
	"Oh!" Ayeka hissed sarcastically, "And where *would* you like
to talk about it?!  Penwa!?  It surely would've been more appropriate!"
Heads were beginning to turn toward them.
	"It's a complicated situation,"  Davner whispered.
	"Oh really?  And that gives you the right to *lie* to me!?"
	"I never lied to you!"  he hissed back.
	"Ayeka, dear,"  Misaki began from the other side of the table,
"Is there something wrong?"
	Ayeka smiled at her mother.  "No, Mother, not a thing."  She
began whispering to Davner again.  "Then what do you call it?!"
	"I don't think this is the time or place to discuss it!"
	"Oh, this is the right time, alright!"  With that, Ayeka stood
up.  "Excuse me, Mother, Father, but I need to speak with Ryoko alone."
	Ryoko blinked.  "Huh?"
	"Mr. Davner, would you come with us and watch the door so we're
not disturbed?"  Ayeka's smile and voice were syrupy sweet, but Davner
could still hear the edge in it.
	He stood up.  "Why, I would be delighted."
	Ryoko was still blinking in confusion.  "Wait!  What did *I*
do?!"
	"Come along, Ryoko,"  Ayeka said, making her way out of the
dining room.
	Ryoko followed dejectedly, Davner right beside her.  "But I
didn't do anything *wrong*!"  she wailed at Ayeka's back.
	Ayeka led them up the grand staircase and to the door of her
bedroom.  She opened the door and turned to Ryoko.
	"Ryoko, I would appreciate it if you made sure we weren't
disturbed."
	Ryoko sighed and nodded.  Ayeka and Davner entered her room and
the war officially began.
	*CRACK!*
	Davner took a breath as the left side of his face began to turn
red. "I suppose I deserve that,"  he commented dryly.
	"You're damn right you deserve it!"  Ayeka bit out as she
lowered her hand again.  She was shaking in rage.  "You lied to me!
You *used* me!"
	"No!"  he replied hotly.  "I never used you!  How can you even
think such a thing?!"
	"Why didn't you tell me!?"  she cried.  "Do you know how *scared*
I've been for the last two weeks?!  Scared for *you*!?"  She turned
away from him.  "Now I found out that you were just toying with me..."
	Davner felt guilt well up in him.  He hadn't realized how
frightened she must have been. And he *should* have.  "I'm sorry.  I
didn't know...But you can't possibly think that."
	She turned back to him, tears in her eyes.  "Just another one
of your sick games!"
	"That's not true!"
	"True?!  How would you know what's true or not!?"
	He shook his head.  "You think I kept it from you just for the
hell of it?  You think I *wanted* to sidestep the issue?  I didn't want
you to know because I knew it would change the way you look at me.  I
didn't want you to look at me and see a prince, I *wanted* you to see
me as I really was!  If I had told you the truth, it would've changed
things!"
	"So you lied to me," she finished coldly.  "You made love to me
under false pretenses.  And now I see what you *really* are."
	"All right, what if I *had* told you?!"
	Ayeka was brought up short.
	"You never would've believed it," he told her.  "And you would've
called me a liar again."
	She said nothing for a long time.  Then, "Don't you see, Davner?
As a prince there was no reason to worry, you could've paid me formal
court!  Instead, you let me worry that my father would find out and
execute you!"  Davner felt a another pang of guilt.  "Do you have any
idea how frightened I was for you?  Do you have any idea?"
	"It wouldn't have made a difference,"  Davner told her firmly.
"I wasn't lying when I told you about the Coup, Ayeka!  I'm in exile!
My own government has tried to kill me!  I'm not a prince anymore!
I'm not even considered a Mollidoni citizen anymore!"
	"My mother seems to think otherwise."
	"You want to know why I didn't tell you?"  he asked.  "You want
to know why?!"
	"Yes!  The truth!"
	His voice dropped to just above a whisper.  "Because everthing
that crown touches, it kills.  And it would've killed you too."
	Ayeka paused in shock.  "What the hell is *that* supposed to
mean!?"
	Davner laughed and shook his head in disbelief.  "Let me explain
it to you.  A mother, a father, a wife, a daughter, three sisters five
brothers, six aunts, eight uncles, two nieces, a nephew, and twenty
four cousins.  Do you know what they all have in common besides their
name and their crown?"
	Ayeka said nothing.
	"They're *dead*, Ayeka!"  he hissed.  "All of them."  Ayeka
said nothing as he went on.  "*Everyone* I ever loved was rounded up
like cattle and shot, and I got to see it happen on live holovid from
my ship.  Davner Mollidon *died* that day with his family.  The only
thing that crown ever did was kill the people I love.  I'll have no
part of it!"  He took a deep breath and lowered his voice.  "Maybe
I did lie to you, Ayeka.  Maybe I should have told you.  I really
don't know.  I'm sorry."
	"That still doesn't explain why,"  she told him quietly.  "You
shouldn't have kept it from me."
	He turned from her.  "I'm sorry, Neria."
	"Don't call me that!"  she snapped.  "You don't have the right
to call me that!"  She lowered her voice to just above a whisper.  "I
don't know who you are,"  she told him quietly.
	He turned back to her.  "Ayeka..."
	"Please...go away," she whispered.
	"Ayeka, please..."
	She turned away from him.  "Please, Davner.  Just go."
	He started to reach out to her, but stopped and turned, walking
out the door.
	Ryoko watched as he started down the hall.  She floated up next
to him.
	"Hey, Davner, are you..."
	"Not now, Ryoko,"  he said quietly.  Ryoko stopped and turned.
She floated through the door without knocking and found Ayeka sitting
on the edge of her bed, her face buried in her hands as she cried.
	"Ayeka?"
	Ayeka looked up and wiped the tears away with her hands.
"Ryoko," she began, "I'm sorry, I forgot.  Thank you, you...you can
go back to Tenchi now."
	"What happened, Ayeka?"  Ryoko asked softly.
	Ayeka didn't answer immediately.  "Did you know?"  she asked
quietly.
	Ryoko shook her head.  "No. He never told me."
	"So he lied to you too,"
	"I never asked."
	Ayeka looked at her in shock.
	"There's...an unspoken rule in our business, Ayeka," Ryoko told
her.  "Your past is your own and no one else's."
	Ayeka looked at her.  "So you're saying he should've kept it
from me *forever*?!  That he should never have told me?!  That if it
wasn't for my mother, I would never have known?!"
	"No!"  Ryoko said quickly.  "No," she repeated quietly.  "But
you have to understand that when you're alone and on the run from half
the governments in the galaxy, you learn very quickly when *not* to
speak."
	Ayeka shook her head.  "He should've told me."
	"Why?"  Ryoko asked her.  "Does it really make a difference?"
	"Of co..."  Ayeka took a breath.  "It shouldn't, no.  But if
it doesn't make a difference, then why not tell me?!"
	"Maybe he was scared."
	"Scared!?"
	"Yes, scared!"  Ryoko told her firmly.  "He's a prince, maybe,
but he's no angel.  Neither am I.  That's how I know he's scared!  Do
you think I'm looking forward to telling Tenchi about *half* the
things *I've* done as a pirate!?  I'm *terrified*, Ayeka!"  She
really was.  Ayeka could see it all over her face.  "I've killed
people, Ayeka, over *nothing*!  I look back on it, and I can't believe
it's me!  Tenchi hasn't asked me....and I'm not going to tell him
until he does.  Because I don't want him to see me as I was.  I want
him to see me for who I *am*."
	Ayeka shook her head.  "I just don't know who he is,"  she
whispered.
	"Well, that's what you have to decide, Ayeka,"  Ryoko told her.
"Is he some long lost prince, or is he a pirate?"
	Ayeka was silent for a long time, locked in a fierce mental
debate with herself.  Ryoko stayed quiet, unwilling to interrupt
Ayeka's internal war.
	Finally, Ayeka made her decision.  "He was there," Ayeka said
quietly.
	"Huh?"
	"After...after I spoke with Tenchi at the Chapel, I was...upset.
He came to me, and held me, and told me it was going to be okay."
Ayeka looked up at Ryoko.  "*That's* who he is."
	Ryoko smiled at her.  "Sounds like him."
	"But can I trust him again?"
	Ryoko took a breath and reached out to Ayeka, wrapping her arm
over her shoulder.  Ayeka blinked in shock.  Ryoko had never reached
out to her like this.  "Ayeka, Davner's like a brother to me.  I've
known him a long time.  Back on the Chapel, when we were making plans
to come here, that wasn't him.  'Hole up?'  'It's too dangerous?'
That wasn't the Davner I knew.  The Davner I knew years ago would've
been the first one onboard that plan, asking if we could stop off at
the Blue Zuta along the way.  Something has changed his priorities.
*Someone* has changed them."  Ayeka blinked.  "Ayeka, I know you're
angry at him, but please consider forgiving him."
	Ayeka looked up at her.  "Why are defending him like this?"
she asked.
	Ryoko gulped.  "Because I know what it feels like to love
someone...and to come close to losing them."
	"What makes you think I love him?!"  Ayeka asked just a little
too incredulously.
	"Actually, Princess," Ryoko said with a grin, "I meant *he*
might love *you*."
	Ayeka was silent.
	"Damn you," she whispered finally.  "This never would've
happened if you had just let me have Tenchi!"
	Ryoko laughed, quietly at first, then gaining momentum.  Ayeka
was laughing along with her.  They tried to calm themselves, but
couldn't contain the hysterical fits for longer than a few seconds.
	Finally, the laughter subsided.  Ryoko wiped a tear away and
faced Ayeka.  "So what are you going to do?"
	Ayeka turned to her.  "Did he say where he was going?"  Ryoko
shook her head.  Ayeka sighed.  "Then I guess I better go look for
him."

	"Okay, we'll just pick up his stuff for him,"  Cavis said.
Lunch with the Royal family had ended somewhat uncomfortably, and
the gang had decided to go to the spaceport and get their gear.
The King and Queen had arranged for them to stay in the palace, and
Cavis decided it would be rude not to take them up on their offer.
Davner had disappeared with Ayeka and Ryoko.  He wasn't sure what
the problem was, but he knew it was something private between the
three of them.
	"I'll come with you,"  Sasami said, standing next to Achi.
	"Yeah, we'll help you carry your luggage,"  Tenchi agreed.
	Washu nodded.  "I have to go back to Davner's ship anyway.
There's a few modifications that still need to be completed."
	"All right.  Let's go."  Cavis, Ssedrey, Achi, Washu, Tenchi,
and Sasami set out down the quarter mile lane that led from the
front doors of the palace to the massive front gates at the great
wall which surrounded the palace.
	"Um...Cavis?"  Tenchi began, walking up alongside him.
	"Yeah, Tenchi?"
	"Um...Nevermind."  Cavis arched an eyebrow but said nothing.
	It was just as they were clearing the front gate when Achi
tensed suddenly.
	"Cavis!"
	Cavis drew his blaster just as the first red dot appeared on
his chest.  A few seconds later, they were all covered by red laser
dots.
	"Well, well, well," a familiar voice called out.  Cavis closed
his eyes and bit his lip.
	"So much for the pardon,"  Ssedrey commented.
	"It's not the Jurains,"  Cavis told him.
	"Huh?"  Tenchi asked.  Sasami and Achi got behind Cavis and
Ssedrey.  Finally, they saw their assailants.  Several Galaxy Police
in tactical armor were coming out from behind trees and parked
landcars and moving towards them.  Their blaster rifles were raised
cautiously.  One of them came forward and removed her helmet,
revealing a head of short, red hair.
	Cavis took a breath and holstered his blaster.  "Let me handle
this."  Ssedrey nodded.  Cavis straightened his shirt and turned to
her.  He held his arms wide and pasted a grin on his face.  "MITSU
CHAN!"
	Mitsuki walked up and belted him in the jaw.
	"Bastard," she remarked.
	Cavis rubbed his jaw wearily.  "Same old Mitsuki," he muttered.
"No wonder you and Kiyone were such good friends at the Academy."
	She smiled sweetly.  "Oh, Cavis, you have no idea how long I've
looked forward to *busting your ass*!"  She raised her blaster.
"Now, then, you and your merry little band are under arrest.  You
give me the slightest excuse, Darktower, and my men will cut you
down."
	Cavis took a look at the GP shock troops around him and nodded
with a sigh.  "Okay, Mitsu-chan, you got me.  But let Tenchi and the
girls go.  They haven't done anything illegal."
	"Cavis,"  Achi said worriedly.
	"Ssedrey, hands in the air,"  Cavis ordered.
	Ssedrey obeyed.
	Mitsuki grinned and waved two of her troops forward.  They
stopped as a voice called out from the gate.
	"Is there a problem here?"
	Sasami turned and recognized the man standing behind them.
"Kamidake!"  she cried out happily.
	The Knight smiled.  "How are you, Your Highness?"  He stepped
forward and addressed Mitsuki.  "*Is* there a problem, Officer..."
	"*Lieutenant* Mitsuki.  No problem at all,"  Mitsuki told him.
"I'm just taking these men into custody."
	"Well, then, I'm afraid there *is* a problem.  You see, you
cannot arrest these men."
	Mitsuki arched an amused eyebrow.  "Oh?"
	Kamidake nodded.  "They have committed no crime in the Kingdom
of Jurai."
	"What?!  I have the Jurain arrest warrants right here!"  She
handed him a few pieces of paper.  Kamidake examined the papers, then,
unceremoniously tore them to pieces.
	"Expired," he told her.
	"WHAT?!"
	"Mr. Darktower and Mr. Ssedrey have both been pardoned for all
crimes committed within Jurai territory.  I'm afraid you cannot
arrest them here."
	"What about the crimes they committed all over the rest of
the galaxy?!"
	Kamidake shrugged.  "His Majesty could care less about what
happens to the rest of the galaxy."
	"WHAT!?"  Mitsuki was shaking in rage.  "The Galaxy Police has
a treaty with Jurai..."
	"A treaty the GP conveniently overlooked during the attempted
coup last year,"  Kamidake pointed out sternly.  "And rest assured,
His Majesty has *not* forgotten that."
	Mitsuki looked around her in shock as Jurain troops appeared,
surrounding her GP shock troops, their positron rifles up and ready.
The Jurain guardsmen easily outnumbered the GP troops at least two
to one.  Mitsuki looked from side to side nervously.
	"Now I suggest you leave, Lieutenant."  Kamidake told her.
	Cavis walked up to her and took her blaster from her.  "Better
luck next time, Mitsu-chan,"  he said with a grin.
	Mitsuki's eyes flashed with anger.  With a swift move, she
punched him in the stomach.  Cavis gasped and doubled over, falling
to one knee.  The Jurain troops tensed, but a raised hand from
Kamidake stopped them.
	"Is it just me,"  Tenchi asked, "Or does that seem to happen
to him a lot?"
	Achi nodded sagely.
	Mitsuki turned to her men.  "Withdraw."
	As the GP troops began to walk away, Kamidake approached Cavis
and helped him to his feet.
	"Thanks,"  Cavis gasped out.
	"It is I who should thank you,"  the Knight said.  "For
rescuing the Prince and Princesses.  I am Kamidake, Captain of the
Queen's Guard."
	"Cavis Darktower.  This is Ssedrey, and Achi Z'etal."
	Ssedrey dipped his snout in thanks.  Achi waved.  "How do you
do?"
	Kamidake smile at her.  "I am well."  He turned to Tenchi.  "How
are you, my Lord Prince?"
	Tenchi bowed, then shook the Knight's hand.  "It's been a long
time, Kamidake."
	"That it has.  I must ask for your own safety that you allow
some of my guards to accompany you from now on.  We have no idea if
Lieutenant Mitsuki will honor the pardon or not."
	Tenchi nodded.  "Okay.  Thanks, Kamidake."
	"Stop by later.  Azaka and I would like to catch up on old
times.  We've been concerned for you since your disappearance."
	Tenchi tensed.  "Um...sure."
	Kamidake nodded.
	They watched as Kamidake detailed a small contingent of guards
to escort them to the spaceport.  Soon they were on their way again.

	"Here, hold this,"  Cavis told Tenchi as he handed him an
overnight bag.
	Tenchi took the bag and watched as Cavis continued to root
through the tiny closet in his quarters on the Megami.  "Where's
Meg?"
	"Don't know,"  Cavis told him.  "She told us she was going to
get some supplies while she was here."
	Tenchi nodded.  "Cavis?  Can I talk to you?"
	Cavis paused and turned to him.  "Sure.  What's on your mind,
kid?"
	Tenchi took a breath and said, "Ryoko."
	Cavis grinned. "I see.  Having...um...*problems*?"
	"Huh?  No!  No!"  He said quickly.  "Nothing like that.  I just
well...You see...I don't have much experience at this kinda thing."
	"From what Ryoko's been saying at the dinner table, you're an
exceptional student."
	"What?!"
	Cavis laughed.  "Relax, kid, I'm just joking."  Tenchi relaxed
visibly.  "What's the problem?"
	"Well...I love her."
	"Okay, now that we've established the obvious, let's move on
to something more current."
	"Right, well, the thing is, since we've been together the only
thing we've been able to do is well...*be* together."  Cavis' grin
intensified as he caught Tenchi's meaning.  "I'd like to do
something...you know...special...for her, but I'm not exactly sure
what to do."
	"Okay, kid, I hear you loud and clear."  He searched around for
a piece of paper and found one nearby.  He pulled a pen from his
pocket and began jotting something down.  He handed the paper to
Tenchi.  "Take her here.  It's a very classy Jurain restauraunt.
Been there once or twice."
	Tenchi blinked at the paper.  "Um, Cavis..."
	Cavis blinked and hit his forehead with the palm of his hand.
He took the paper back and crushed it into a ball.  "Sorry," he said,
tossing it over his shoulder.  "Forgot you can't read Jurain.  Okay,
the name of the place is the 'Zudon Ne'tan'"
	"Uh, Cavis, I can't afford to take her to a restauraunt like
that."
	"I thought you were a prince?"
	"It's...complicated."
	Cavis nodded.  "Okay, no problem."  He pulled a leather brief
case out from under the tiny bunk and opened it.  He pulled a few
packs of Jurai bills and handed them to him.  Tenchi's eyes widened.
	"Cavis, I can't take thi..."
	"Tenchi," Cavis said seriously, "Listen to me.  Years ago I
came across a brash, arrogant, filthy, scraggly, young woman.  I
figured at the time that she had certain skills and abilities that
would aid my gang.  I got to know that young woman very well, and
in time, I found myself...*caring* for her a great deal."  Tenchi
blinked in shock when he realized just what Cavis was telling him.
"If you hadn't done something back on the Aggy...*I* would have.
Her happiness is important to me."  He put the money in Tenchi's
hands.  "This isn't a gift to you, it's a gift to *her*, so you had
better damn well make sure she has a wonderful night out.  You get
me?"
	Tenchi nodded.  "Thank you, Cavis."
	Cavis nodded back.  "Okay, this is what you do..."

	Washu whistled as she tapped a few keys on the holotop connected
to the main computer of Davner's ship.  She checked the diagnostics
and hmm'd in thought.  Suddenly she tensed and grinned.
	"Hello, Drakna," she said as she turned.  A cloaked figure
stood in the doorway on the command deck.
	"Little WaSshu,"  the figure replied.  "How are you?"
	"I'm okay."  Her hand wandered over to her holotop.  "I was
just about to test the new internal security system.  Maybe you can
help me."  She tapped a key.  Suddenly, several metal tentacles shot
out of holes in the ceiling towards the elderly Asconian.
	Drakna held up his hand and the tentacles froze in midair.  He
waved his hand and the tentacles shattered as if made of glass.
	"I find them...inadequate."
	Washu arched an annoyed eyebrow.  "Well, if you would let me
conduct a few tests, I'm sure I could make them better."
	Drakna chuckled from beneath his hood.  "I don't think so."
	"Fine,"  she sighed, "I'll just have to get my answers from
Ssedrey."
	Drakna laughed again.  "Leave the poor lizard alone, WaSshu,
he knows nothing of magic."
	"Hmmm.  We'll see about that, and it's *not* magic."
	"As you say.  I'm here to deliver a warning."  Washu blinked.
	"A warning?"
	"Yes."  Drakna approached.  Washu looked up and saw something
beneath that cloak, something human.  "Don't think it's over," he told
her seriously.  "Now, if you will excuse me, the Balance must be
watched constantly.  I must go."
	"Wait!  What do you mean?!"  She called as Drakna walked through
the hatch.  She rushed after him, but he was gone.  She looked around
the main cabin, but saw no trace of him.
	<"Don't think it's over."  What did he mean?>

	"Motivators, LCD's, crystal grav nets...Yup, that's about
everything,"  Dee said, checking points off on her fingers.
	Walking besides the mental projection, Meg nodded.  "Yep, and
that's about it for the money."
	"How much is left?"  Dee asked as they walked down the busy
Jurain street.
	"Enough,"  Meg told her.  She paused outside a shop window and
looked inside.
	Dee looked from the window to Meg and back again.  "Oh,
Gemini's Torch, here we go again!"
	"What?!"  Meg asked indignantly.
	Dee pointed at the dress in the window.  "You're thinking about
*him* again!  Dammit, Meg, the man is dense!  Move on!"
	The smuggler turned on the specter.  "What makes you think I'm
thinking about him?!"  People passing on the street looked at her in
puzzlement as she seemed to be yelling at thin air.
	"Oh sure!"  Dee said.  "Like you *always* window shop for
dresses that show off too much leg!"
	Meg grit her teeth.  "It's been a long time since I bought
something nice for myself," she bit out.  "Why shouldn't I!?"
	"Hmmph!  Fine, fine...Waste the money away."
	"Fine!  I will!"  Meg angrily walked into the store, the bell
on the door clanging as it shut behind her.
	Dee cupped her hands around her mouth and shouted at the door.
"Fine!  But it won't get you anywhere!  Oooh!  She's so *hopeless*!"
With that, she vanished.

	"Davner,"
	Davner turned from the reflecting pool in the palace garden
and saw Queen Misaki standing nearby.  He offered her a wan smile.
	"Hello, Misy."
	She approached and stood next to him, looking into the pool at
their reflections.  "I can't believe you're alive," she said.  "When
I heard about the Coup, I feared for you and your sister.  When the
first ship full of refugees arrived, I met them personally at the
docking pad, searching for members of your family.  I checked each
face, praying that I would find you, or Malsa, or Zander.  But I
never did."
	"Misy,"
	"I thought you were all dead," she told him.  "I didn't know...
that you were out there.  If I had..."
	"Misy, Malsa loved you like a sister and so do I."  He shook
his head, "But there was nothing anyone could've done."
	"You made it out," she said quietly, "Did she?"
	Davner took a breath.  "No, she was at the palace when the
attack began."  He took a breath.  "I was on my way back from a trip
to Belegast when it started.  By the time I made it to Mollidoni
space, the border had been closed."
	"Why didn't you try to contact me?"  Misaki asked.  "Davner,
you are the last surviving member of the royal family.  That throne
is rightfully yours.  The refugees who came here set up a Mollidoni
community on the south end of the city.  There are twenty thousand
Mollidoni living in the south quarter.  If they had known you were
alive..."
	"What, Misy?"  he asked.  "What?  They would've risen up?
Marched on Mollidon?"  He shook his head.  "No, Misy."
	"Jurai would stand with you, Davner."  He didn't answer.  "What
about your family?  Have you forgotten them?!"
	He turned to her in shock.  "Forgotten them?  Misy, I think
about them every day of my life," he said angrily.  "But what good
would it do?  It's been ten years.  There are no more purges, no one
is starving, and people are living normal lives.  What good would it
do to start a new war?"
	"That's *your* planet, Davner," she told him.  "Your right."
	"Misy, I was the *fourth* prince.  I had three older brothers.
The odds of my ever ascending the throne was about one in a million.
My father didn't teach me much about statecraft, and truth be told,
I really didn't care.  But I do remember one thing he said to me.
One thing.  'To destroy your home and kill your family to win a war
is no victory, and to surrender in order to *save* your home and
family is no defeat.'"  He shook his head.  "I'm not going to ask
anyone else to die for me.  I'm done."
	Misaki reached out, squeezed his shoulder, and smiled.  "All
right.  I don't agree, but I can understand.  If you ever need
anything, you tell me.  All right?  I owe your sister *that* much."
He nodded.  "Okay.  Meet me later.  I insist that you have dinner
with my family."
	He smiled.  "Of course, Misy.  I'd love to."
	"I have duties I must attend to.  Don't be late.  You might be
older now," she grinned, "But I can still make your life miserable."
	He laughed.  "More miserable than when you and Malsa dressed me
up like a baby so you could play house?"
	Misaki broke out laughing.  "I had forgotten that!"
	"I haven't," he said.
	"I'm sorry."
	"Don't be.  It's a good memory."
	"That it is.  I'll see you this evening, Davner tan."  She
walked away, leaving him to think about an issue he found far more
important than dinner.
	<Damn, I've really blown it this time,>  he thought.  He knew
that keeping his heritage from Ayeka was a risk.  He asked himself
again why he hadn't just come out and told her, replayed the
conversation in his mind.  Why hadn't he just come out and told her?
He wasn't even sure he would ever have told her.  He hadn't thought
Cavis had the balls to simply walk up to the Jurain Palace and say
hello.  He thought they'd simply hide out while Tenchi and the
others went to the palace.
	He honestly wouldn't blame her if she never forgave him.
	"I'm sorry, Ayeka,"  he whispered.
	"I know."
	He whirled around and saw her standing behind him.  She stepped
forward and stood next to him at the reflecting pool.
	"Ayeka?"
	"I forgive you," she told him.  She looked up at him.  "But I
want you to swear you'll never lie to me again.  Do that, and I can
forgive you."
	Davner looked down at her and spoke quietly.  "I swear now...by
my family name and the true Gods of Mollidon...that I will never utter
an untruth to you again."
	She smiled.  "Then I forgive you."
	"I *am* sorry...Ayeka," he told her.
	"Neria," she corrected him.  "And I know.  Now I have a few
questions for you."
	<Uh oh...>
	She turned to him.  "The man on Penwa.  The one who tried to
kill you.  Who was he?"
	Davner took a breath.  "He was a member of a resistance group
called 'Free Mollidon.'  I used to be one of them."
	She nodded.  "I see.  How do you know my mother?"
	"She was my older sister's best friend.  Your mother spent
summers at the palace on Mollidon.  I've known your mother since I
was five."
	Ayeka stepped away and hmm'd in thought.  She turned to him.
"Do you love me?"
	That brought him up short.  She took his pause as a 'no' and
turned to him in fear.
	"Yes," he finally said quietly.
	She swallowed nervously and approached him cautiously.  She
moved almost fearfully, as if his answer had scared her.  He realized
that it *had* scared her.  She craned her neck up and kissed him.
	As he wrapped his arms around her, the head of a nearby statue
turned slightly to get a better view, the security camera within it
whirred as the lens focused on them.

	Ryoko found Tenchi in his room.  He was looking at one of the
shirts the royal family had provided for him.  It was extravagant,
made of some type of material that felt like silk, only more delicate.
	"Hey, Tenchi."
	He turned to her and smiled.  "Hey, Ryoko."
	She dematerialized and reappeared right next to him.  "How's my
favorite interrogator?" she asked, grinning evilly.
	Tenchi blushed a deep red.  "Ryoko..."
	Ryoko grinned and leaned up for a kiss.  When Tenchi leaned
forward to oblige her, she suddenly grabbed him and pushed him onto
the bed.
	"Now, then," she said, "You got to be the interrogator last time
which means that *this* time, I..."
	"Ryoko,"
	She paused.  "Yes, Tenchi?"
	He smiled.  "Let's go out tonight."
	She blinked and smiled.  "You mean....like a date!?"
	He nodded.  "Yeah."
	"Well, what did you have in mind?"

	Cavis saw Kiyone leaning up against a marble column near the
palace throne room.  He took a breath and started past her.
	"Cavis..."
	"Hey Kiyo chan," he said casually, "Oh, by the way, thanks for
siccing the GP on us.  That was real nice of you."
	"Cavis!  That wasn't my fault.  We got debriefed.  One minute,
Mitsuki hears your name, the next the entire Jurain division is at
full alert!"
	"Sure!  You had nothing to do with it!"  Cavis continued
walking.
	"Cavis!  Dammit!  It's not my fault Mitsuki hates you!"  She
shook her head in disgust.  "I can't believe you slept with her!  I
swear, you have *no* taste at all!"
	"Yeah?  Well, I left her for *you* didn't I!?"
	"Oh, don't you *dare* drag *me* into this!"
	"Couldn't wait to file a report, could you?!"
	"It's my job!"
	He stopped and turned to her.  "You know, Kiyone," he hissed,
"You used to screw me because you liked it.  Now you're screwing me
because it's your job.  You know, you weren't this cold when you
were a cadet.  What the hell happened to you?"
	"What happened to me?!  What happened to you?!  The Cavis I
knew wouldn't have..."  She broke off.
	"Go ahead," he said.  "Finish it."
	Kiyone was silent.
	"You can't," he said, "Because deep down, past all that GP
programming, past all that high and mighty, moralistic, Galaxy Police,
honor *bullshit* you know I did the right thing."
	She said nothing.
	"And you and Mitsuki took away my life anyway."  With that, he
turned and walked away.
	Kiyone growled and punched the wall with a shout.

	Ryoko knocked on the door and waited until she heard a cheery,
"Come in!"  before phasing through it and into Ayeka's room.
	Ayeka was humming happily as she walked around the room,
blowing the dust off her furniture and cabinets.  Ryoko saw her
behavior and grinned.
	"I see we made up with Davner," she commented.
	Ayeka looked up and smiled.  "Ah, Ryoko, hello."  Ryoko
continued to grin at her.
	"So...I take that as a yes?"
	Ayeka sighed.  "I don't know what it is, but I can't stay mad
at him."
	Ryoko wearily shook her head.
	"Is there something wrong, Ryoko?  You look troubled."
	Ryoko took a breath.  "Yeah, um...Ayeka...you see....Tenchi
wants to take me out tonight.  The thing is....Well...With all the
hurry in leaving Earth..."  She grit her teeth and just spat it out.
"I don't have anything to wear and I need to borrow something nice."
	Ayeka laughed.  "You want to borrow something from *me*?!"
	Ryoko's eyes narrowed.  "No need to make this difficult, Ayeka,"
she said.
	"Okay, okay, I'm sorry,"  Ayeka said, trying to contain
laughter.  "Where is he taking you?"
	"Someplace called the 'Zudon Ne'tan,'"
	Ayeka's eyes went wide.  "The Zudon Ne'tan!?  That's a *very*
expensive restauraunt, Ryoko."
	Ryoko sighed.  "I was afraid of that."
	Ayeka blinked.  "Why?  It's a very nice place, Ryoko!  My
family eats there on occasion.  Foreign diginitaries, nobility....it's
exactly the kind of place a noble such as Lord Tenchi *should* take
you."
	"Ayeka, *I'm* not a noble.  I used to *rob* places like this!"
	The princess smiled.  "So you're giving up?  So soon?"
	"Giving up?"
	"What's going to happen if Tenchi *does* decide to take the
throne of Jurai?  Are you going to say, 'it's not me,' and leave?"
	"OF COURSE NOT!!"
	"Then you'll simply have to learn to adjust."  This brought
Ryoko up short. "After all, if you..."  She paused.  She was still
slightly troubled by this thought.  "If you marry Tenchi, you could
become the next Queen of Jurai."
	Ryoko broke out laughing.  "Sure, Ayeka!  Whatever!"
	"I'm serious!"
	Ryoko stopped laughing.  "But...I'm not nobility, Ayeka!"
	Ayeka sighed.  "I know, Ryoko.  And you may face trouble if
Tenchi does take the throne."  She looked at Ryoko sympathetically.
"But at least you'll be with him."
	Ryoko smiled.  "Thank you, Ayeka."
	"Now, then, let's see if I have anything...appropriate."

	They were flawless.
	Davner examined the stones critically in the light.  Ayeka
had forgiven him, and he wanted to do something nice for her to show
her how much she meant to him.  The stones in the earrings were
Contempan rubies, which were a very dark pink, the color of her eyes.
As far as he could tell, they were flawless.
	He turned to the jewler and put them on the glass case in front
of him.  He sighed.  "I suppose they will be adequate,"  he said,
lazily, as if he could care less.  "How much?"
	The jewler smiled.  He knew how to play the game.  "Seven."
	Davner smiled.  "You know," he said, "It's polite to hold a gun
on someone when you rob them.  I wouldn't pay more than four for
stones like these."
	The dealing went back and forth for awhile, but Davner got his
gift.  The jewler took five thousand Jurai for them.  Davner counted
out the Jurai bills and smiled.  Two weeks ago, he and Ayeka barely
had enough money to eat.  Now that he was on Jurai, he had access to
his Omwatt bank accounts.  Despite his reputation, Davner had been
steadily building up his finances.  He had enough to retire if he
wanted to, he had just never found a reason to.
	"You gift wrap?"  he asked.
	"Of course."  The jewler took the tiny box containing the
earrings and went into the back.  Davner examined a few other pieces
as he waited.  He didn't turn when he heard the chime of the front
door opening.
	"Hello, Davner,"
	Davner quickly swung around, his blaster in his hand and pointed
at the door in less time it would take an average man to blink.  The
figure standing there made no offensive moves, her arms crossed over
her chest casually, her hands away from the energy sword and whip on
her belt.  Even so, Davner's hand shook ever so slightly.
	He swallowed nervously and took a breath.  "Nagi," he said in
mild greeting.  The bounty hunter grinned.  Sitting on her shoulder,
Ken-Ohki greeted him with a "Ciao."
	"Oh, put it away, Davner," she told him.  "I heard about the
pardon.  You're not worth my time anymore."  She approached and began
to examine the jewelry in the case.  Davner didn't take the blaster
off her.  "As a matter of fact," she said, "I came for some help."
	Davner nearly laughed.
	She smiled at him.  "I'm serious.  I have a question that you
can answer, and depending on the answer, we could both make a lot of
money."
	"Forget it," he told her angrily.
	"Awww," she said, "Are we still bitter about Belegast?"
	"You hunted me down like an animal," he told her bitterly.
"Played with me."
	"Davner, we're both professionals.  You're a professional thief,
I'm a professional bounty hunter.  I've only made one hunt personal
in my life, and you're not it, so relax."
	"Why should I help you?"
	"Money," she told him simply.  "There are rumors floating around
that the Assassin's Guild made a play on the Royal Family.  If those
rumors are true, then the King of Jurai is going to start putting
bounties on Assassins.  If I were to know for sure *beforehand*, I
could get a head start on my competitors, maybe even beat out the
Hunter's Guild for once.  Those rumors also say your gang is involved
somehow, so you're the man to ask.  Should I start collecting
Assassins' heads?"  Davner said nothing.  "I'm willing to pay for
*accurate* information."
	Davner thought for a moment.  He hated this woman with every
fiber of his being, but he still respected her abilities.  He could
see this as a chance to get a little revenge for almost getting
killed on Penwa, and who knows?  Maybe one of the Guild bastards
would actually *kill* Nagi.  When you got right down to it, there
was no good reason to lie to her.
	"Yes, it's true.  Came close to killing us."
	Nagi looked him in the eye and searched for deceit.  Content
after a moment, she turned for the door.  "I'll be in touch for your
cut."
	"Nagi,"
	She paused and turned back to him.
	Davner looked at her seriously.  "Good hunting."
	She nodded and walked out the door.

	"There is no way to be sure, Mr. Darktower,"  Kamidake was
telling him.  "Most of the people involved with the coup last year
voluntarily left their posts.  I suppose it is possible that a
seditious element remains within the government, but we cannot be
sure who."
	Cavis bit his lip and nodded.  "I take it the SIS is
investigating this as well?"
	Kamidake nodded.  The two men were standing in Kamidake's office
in the barracks of the Queen's Guard.  Cavis had found out about the
role the Knight had played during the coup, and figured that if anyone
in the government was above suspiscion, it would have to be him and
Azaka.
	Azaka, Captain of the King's Guard had been dispatched to Penwa
to retrieve Ayeka's headband and to Earth to bring back the Guardians,
the Tenchi-ken, and if possible, to inform Yosho and Nobuyuki of what
was happening.  Tenchi had written a brief letter telling them that
he would be staying on Jurai until the conspirators could be found.
Yosho had downplayed his heritage after the coup, so it was unlikely
that he was a target.
	Cavis shook his head.  "An SIS investigation won't do much good
if the conspirators have someone in there too."
	Kamidake nodded in disgust.  As someone entrusted with the
safety of the royal family, he felt that the SIS had behaved
incompetently and just a hair's breath from treasonously during the
Coup.  As the frontline intelligence gathering arm of the Jurain
government, they should've been the first to find the truth about
Kagato, but were fooled along with the rest of the government.
	"What will you do?"  Kamidake asked.
	Cavis shrugged.  "Stay on the lookout, I guess.  Not much else
we can do."  He paused as he heard an angry voice from down the hall.
	"I'm a friend of his!  Let me pass, dammit!"
	Cavis smiled.  "Tell your boys to let her by, Captain,"  he
told Kamidake, "Because I don't think they'll want to find out what
happens if they don't."
	Kamidake called out to the guards and waved to them that it was
okay.  A rather frazzled Meg appeared at the door a few seconds later.
	"Gemini's torch!" she swore, "Are all Jurains that uptight!?"
	"Only the good ones,"  Cavis told her.  "What's up, Meg?"
	"Dinner," she said.  "Me and you.  Tonight."
	Kamidake smiled and discreetly left the room.  Cavis bit his
lip and turned to her.  "Actually Meg..."
	She walked up to him and grabbed the front of his shirt.
"Look," she growled, "I've tried subtle, I've tried innocent flirting,
I've tried being forward.  Now, I'm going to be perfectly blunt with
you.  I find you to be an attractive man that I would like to get to
know better.  So you wanna eat with me or not?!"
	Cavis smiled.  "Okay, what time?"

	Tenchi adjusted the collar on his Jurain suit as he waited at
the bottom of the grand staircase.  It wasn't that the collar was
tight, he was just nervous.  He had no idea why.  He loved Ryoko,
was perfectly comfortable with her.  Maybe it was the fact that he
had never been on a real date before.
	He had the evening planned out perfectly, thanks to a little
help from Cavis.  Dinner at the finest restauraunt in the capital
city, followed by a carriage ride to the White Tree of Yakusoku,
something Cavis told him was considered one of the most romantic
spots in the Jurain Empire.  Everything had been arranged.  Kamidake
had even arranged an honor guard.
	All he was missing now was Ryoko.
	"Tenchi,"
	He turned, looked up the stairs, and gasped.
	Ryoko was descending the staircase in a purple evening gown,
slit suductively up the left thigh.  Tenchi blinked in shock at the
sight.  Ryoko looked absolutely stunning.
	"You're...You're.." he stammered as she joined him at the foot
of the stairs.  "You're beautiful," he whispered finally.
	She smiled...then glomped onto him possessively.  The two
guards Kamidake had detailed to protect them smiled.  Ryoko released
him and gave him a quick kiss.
	"Um...well...Ready to go?"
	She nodded excitedly.  "Our first date!  I can't believe it!"
	A chamberlain appeared at the door.  "Lord Tenchi, your
carriage awaits."
	"Thank you."
	Ryoko giggled and took Tenchi's arm as he walked her outside
to the open air horse drawn carriage waiting for them.
	Standing on the second floor, wathching through the bars of
the guard rail, Sasami and Achi sighed.
	"Ya think we'll ever find someone like that, Sasami?"
	Sasami sighed again.  "It's so romantic," she said ignoring
the question.
	Achi sighed and nodded.  "So what do you wanna do now?"
	"Well, dinner is in an hour.  We can go ride the roller
coaster!"  Sasami said excitedly.
	"Yeah!  C'mon!"
	The two girls ran down the stairs and out the door.

	"Davner!"  Ayeka gasped as she looked at the earrings.  "They're
beautiful."
	Standing with her in the garden, Davner smiled.  "I'm glad you
like them."
	She shook her head.  "It was stupid of you."  She put them on.
	He smiled.  "There's a reaction I didn't think of," he laughed.
	"No!  I mean..." she sighed.  "When will I ever be able to wear
them?  Mother will certainly ask where I got them.  What would I
tell her?"
	"So wear them for me," he told her.
	She smiled.  "How do they look?"
	He grinned.  "Enyan...nostian deln andien."  She gave him a
questioning look.  "Beautiful," he elaborated.
	She smiled and leaned up for a quick kiss.  "It's time for
dinner.  My parents are waiting."  She turned and started towards
the palace.
	"Neria."  She turned back to him.  He gestured at the earrings.
She blinked, her hand going to her ear.
	"Oh!"  She quickly removed them.  "I had forgotten."  He
grinned and followed her inside.

	"I have to learn to read Jurain,"  Tenchi said wearily as he
scanned the menu futiley.
	Sitting right beside him at their small table at the Zudon
Ne'tan, Ryoko laughed and leaned closer to him to get a better look
at his menu.
	"What's this?"  he asked, pointing at a phrase next to a
picture of some kind of vegetable plate.
	"That's Jurain burokkori with noodles," she said.
	"Okay.  What about this?"
	"Gyuniku with fried rice."
	He smiled.  "Any suggestions?"
	Ryoko wasn't paying attention.  She was staring at someone
across the restauraunt.
	"Ryoko?"  He looked over at the man.  He was wearing a Jurain
naval uniform.  He was throwing looks their way.  "Do you know him?"
	Ryoko sighed and nodded.  "Captain Kimio Hirota of the Jurain
frigate..."  she searched her memory and found it.  "Dauntless."
	"Old friend?"  Captain Hirota was still throwing looks their
way.
	"Kinda.  He used to patrol the Orsini system a few years ago.
The last time I saw him he threatened to put my head on the end of
a pike in the palace courtyard as a warning to all other pirates."
	Tenchi's eyes narrowed.  "Nice guy," he commented.
	Ryoko shrugged.  "Well, to be fair, I had just gotten done
crippling the engines of his ship and leaving him stranded in the
Orsini asteroid belt."
	He blinked and grinned.  "You do have a way with people,
don't you?"
	She grinned.  Her grin fell from her as Hirota got up and
approached them.  "Uh oh..."
	The frigate captain stopped at their table and bowed to
Tenchi.  "Good evening, Lord Tenchi.  I saw you and wished to pay
my respects.  I am Captain Kimio Hirota of His Majesty's warship,
Dauntless."
	Tenchi and Ryoko blinked.
	"Um...How do you do, Capain?"  He saw Ryoko glaring at the
man.  "I think you know Ryoko."
	Ryoko grinned, plastered a haughty look on her face and
extended her hand to Hirota.
	Hirota grimaced and saw the expectant look on Tenchi's face.
He took Ryoko's hand and kissed her knuckles.  Ryoko pulled her hand
away and looked away from him with a, "Hmmph!"
	"Um..well,"  Captain Hirota said.  "Have a pleasant evening,
Your Highness."
	"Thank you, Captain."
	Ryoko waved him away.  "You may go now, Captain."
	Hirota fumed, turned on his heel, and walked away.
	Once he was out of earshot, Ryoko burst out laughing.  Tenchi
was grinning.
	"Did you see the look on his face?!"  Ryoko cried out.  "It
was priceless!"  The people around them began to stare.
	"You're enjoying this a little too much,"  Tenchi said with a
smile.
	"Well, it's fun!"  she told him.  "Did you know that man once
swore that he'd see me executed if it took him a thousand years!?"
	Tenchi's smile faded.  "I didn't know that."
	She laughed.  "It's different.  I mean, I used to *rob* places
like this, and here I am."
	He smiled.  "Here you are."  He took her hand and leaned over,
giving her a quick kiss.  Beside them, a waiter cleared his throat
expectantly.  Tenchi opened his menu and asked Ryoko to translate
for him again.

	Dinner at the palace was not going quite as well.
	"Tell me, Lord Mollidon,"  Azusa was saying, "Now that you've
been pardoned, what do you intend to do?  Reenter court politics?"
	Davner bristled at the use of his title.  "Actually, Your
Majesty, I have no intention of entering that arena."
	"Davner tan,"  Misaki said smiling, "You're welcome to stay here
as long you like."  Ayeka said nothing, but Sasami was nodding
excitedly.
	Azusa threw his wife an annoyed look.  "Yes, of course.
However, I am curious.  I thought you'd be anxious to reenter the
political scene."
	"Why do you say that, Azusa?"  Misaki asked.
	"Well, given the circumstances under which Lord Mollidon left
his kingdom, I'm sure he's looking forward to retaking it."
	Davner looked uncomfortable.  "Actually, Your Majesty..."
	"Azusa,"  Misaki said, "I don't believe this is the time or
place for a discussion like this."
	"Why not?"  Azusa asked.  "I mean, if it were me, I'd do just
about anything to get my kingdom back."  He looked at Davner.
"Anything."
	"Some things have too high price,"  Davner told him.
	"I would not imagine the rightful ruler of Mollidon being so
cowardly,"  Azusa told him.
	"Azusa!"
	"Father!"
	Davner took a deep breath.  "It's not cowardice to want to keep
your people from suffering," he bit out.  "I'm not a prince anymore,
Your Majesty."
	"The Mollidoni have always been willing to suffer losses to
accomplish their goals.  Wasn't it your grandfather who said he'd
take Callidon at any cost?  Even the cost of your outlying colony
worlds?"
	"My grandfather was a conqueror.  I'm not, nor do I wish to be."
	"Really?"  Azusa asked.  He was getting angrier by the second.
"I find that odd.  What does it say on the Mollidon coat of arms?  I
forget the phrase."
	Davner grit his teeth and bit out.  "Galaxius Intus Anweia."
	Ayeka and Sasami looked back and forth between the men,
clueless as to what had set their father off.
	"I'm sorry, I don't speak Mollidoni."  He turned to his wife.
"Misaki, could you tell me what that means?"
	Misaki was glaring at her husband, outraged at his behavior.
"The galaxy...is not enough,"  she translated bitterly.
	"Quite the motto."
	Davner stood up and smiled politely.  "I'm sorry, it would
appear that I'm late for a rather pressing engagement."
	"Davner!"  Misaki ordered, "Sit!"
	Davner paused for a moment.  He looked over at Ayeka, who was
silently begging him to sit down.  He took a breath and retook his
seat.
	"Azusa, I'd like to talk to you."  Misaki got up and marched
into the next room. Azusa stood up and followed his wife.
	"I wonder what that's all about,"  Sasami said.
	"I'm sorry, Davner,"  Ayeka said.  "I have no idea why my
father is behaving this way."
	Meanwhile, Misaki was shaking her head at her husband.  "I
don't know what's gotten into you!"  she cried.  "This isn't some
backwards commoner, this is my *friend*!  Why are you treating him
like an enemy?!"
	Azusa took a breath and said.  "I'm sorry, Misaki."
	"Don't apologize to me.  Apologize to him!"
	Azusa smiled.  "Of course."
	Misaki blinked in surprise.  That had certainly been easy.  The
two monarchs entered the dining room.
	Azusa addressed Davner.  "Lord Mollidon, would you care to join
me in my study for a drink?"
	Davner looked to Misaki, who nodded.  "Very well, Your Majesty.
I would be delighted."  He stood and followed the king out of the
dining room.
	Misaki breathed a sigh of relief.
	"Mother, what's going on?"  Ayeka asked.
	"It's all right, Ayeka,"  Misaki told her.  She turned to her
daughters, then sat back down at the table.  "Your father and Davner
just have to talk a little."
	Ayeka took a nervous breath.
	Misaki decided to break the tension.  "I remember spending
summers at Davner's home on Mollidon.  His sister, Malsa, and I were
the closest of friends."
	"How long have you known Mr. Davner, Mommy?"  Sasami asked.
	"A long time, sweetie.  He was five when I first met him.  Of
course, Malsa and I considered him a royal pain, constantly following
us around.   I loved going there."  She looked at Ayeka
conspiratorially and said, "I had such a crush on Davner's older
brother, Zander..."
	"Mother!"  Ayeka said, shocked.
	"Oh, this was long before your father, dear."  Her smile slipped.
"I was going to start taking you there for summers, Ayeka.  I wanted
you to know them like I did."
	Ayeka didn't know what to say.  "You were that close to them?"
	Misaki nodded.  "I consider Malsa my sister, and Davner my
brother."  She looked at the door the two men had exited through.
"I just hope your father can learn to like him."

	Azusa poured a glass of brandy and gestured to it.  Davner
picked it up off the desk.
	"Have a seat, Lord Mollidon, I would like to talk to you."
Davner sat in a chair across from the king.  Azusa sat behind his
desk and waved his hand over a crystal control board.  A screen
appeared behind him.  "I would like an explanation," he said and
tapped another crystal, "For this."
	An image of Davner and Ayeka appeared on the screen.  The two
of them in the courtyard when Ayeka had agreed to forgive him.
Davner watched the two of them kiss and took a breath.  So that
explained the cold reception.
	"Well?"  Azusa said.
	"Respectfully, Your Majesty,"  Davner drawled.  "What Ayeka and
I do in private is our own business."
	"You arrogant bastard,"  Azusa spat.  "You don't think I see
what you're doing?  I know what your intent is."
	"Do you?"  Davner asked.  "Then please, explain to me the
details of my fiendish plan."
	"You saw an opportunity and you took it.  You rescue Ayeka,
your ship is conveniently damaged, the two of you are stranded."
Davner listened as Azusa continued.  "Young, impressionable girl.
You twisted her emotions around, used her.  All in an attempt to get
the throne.  With the Jurain military behind you, you retake
Mollidon."
	Davner laughed.  "I already told you, and Ayeka, *and*
Misaki...I don't *want it*!"
	"Like I'm supposed to believe a lie like that!"
	"Believe whatever you like!"  Davner spat back.  "It won't
change anything."
	"Give me one good reason why I shouldn't execute you right now,"
Azusa growled.
	"I love your daughter,"  Davner answered quietly.
	Azusa stared at him.  "I want you to stay away from her.  You
are forbidden from seeing her."
	Davner had to smile at that.  "Like the GP *forbid* me from
stealing one of their patrol ships five years ago?  Or the way the
Toyzarians *forbid* me from robbing one of their tribute ships?"
	"Your plan won't work, Mollidon,"  Azusa bit out.
	"I don't *have* a plan,"  Davner told him.  "I told you, I have
no reason to return to Mollidon!"
	Azusa arched an eyebrow.  "So you would not go back to avenge
your people?"
	"No,  there's point to it,"  Davner growled.
	"Hmmm.  Then how about to avenge your family?"  He waved his
hand over the crystals.  The image changed to a security camera
somewhere else.  Davner's eyes widened as he recognized the location,
the grand hall in royal palace on Mollidon.  He watched as an armed
soldier dragged a woman into the camera's view and threw her to the
ground.
	"Elsa?"  Davner breathed in a haunted whisper.
	The soldier pulled a pistol, leveled it at the woman, and
pulled the trigger.  Davner flinched and quickly shut his eyes.  He
had seen footage like this before.  He relived it every night before
he went to sleep.
	"You may not wish to govern, Lord Mollidon,"  Azusa said, "But
I know you'd like to take your revenge on the current rulers of your
planet."
	Davner took a slow breath.  "You bastard," he whispered.
	"You may not see my daughter again."
	"No, Your Majesty,"  Davner said.  "You can bring up ghosts
from my past, hurl all the accusations you like, but you can't forbid
me from seeing Ayeka.  Only one person can do that, and that's her.
You may not have noticed, but she's a grown woman, and she can make
her own decisions.  If she decides she doesn't want me anymore,
*then* I'll leave."  He held up his glass.  "And I'll drink to that."
He put the glass to his lips and drank the brandy in one swallow.
Then, he put the glass back on the desk and stood up.  "Now if you'll
excuse me, I think I'd rather be elsewhere."  He walked out of the
study.
	Had he looked behind him as he walked, he might have seen Azusa
smiling slightly.  He looked at the glass on the desk and pushed a
button on his control board.  A guard appeared a moment later.  He
gestured to the empty glass.
	"Have it incinerated.  No traces."
	"Yes, Your Majesty."

	"Having fun?"  Tenchi asked.
	Ryoko sighed happily as Tenchi moved with her on the dance floor.
"It's like a dream, Tenchi."
	"I know,"  he said as the band played on,  "I never would've
pictured the two of like this a year ago."
	"Hmmm,"  she said in response, resting her head on his chest.
She closed her eyes and listened to his heartbeat, the only music she
really cared about.  "This was sweet of you,"  she said.
	"I wish I could take credit for the idea to come here,"  Tenchi
told her, "But it was Cavis who recommended the place."
	"Cavis always did have good taste,"  Ryoko remarked.
	Tenchi looked at Ryoko as she rested her head against him and
smiled as he remembered Cavis' confession about her.  "Yes, he does,"
he whispered.
	"Tenchi,"  she said.
	"Yes, Ryoko?"
	"Take me home."
	Tenchi blinked.  "Huh?  Ryoko, are you bored or something?
Are you feeling all right?  If you want, we can go somewhere else.
We don't have to stay here or anything..."
	She silenced him by kissing him.  "No, Tenchi,"  she said
quietly, "I mean, *take me home*."
	"Oh,"  Tenchi said as he finally picked up her meaning.  "All
right, let's go."  He took her hand and led her off the dance floor.
The Jurain guards who were waiting at the door fell into step with
them as they walked out into the Jurain night.
	As they waited for the carriage to pull up,  Ryoko turned to
Tenchi...
	And promptly tripped.
	"Ack!"  She fell, knocking Tenchi to the ground.
	It saved his life.
	The glass door behind them shattered just as the hit the
ground.
	"What the..." Tenchi got out before the Jurain guards jumped
in front of them.
	"Sniper!"  One of the shouted.
	Ryoko growled and began to stand up.  One of the guards pushed
her back down again.  "Ms. Ryoko!  Stay down!"
	"Like Hell!"  She shouted and disappeared, reappearing twenty
feet above them.  Tenchi looked up and saw her ignite her sword.
She darted towards the building across the street.

	"Damn!"  the Assassin swore as he looked through the scope.  The
Jurain guards were blocking his shot.  It was time to go.  Lady
Charis was *not* going to be pleased.  He decided to stay just a few
more seconds and see if he could make the shot.  He could see the
guards in the crosshairs, but the prince could not be seen.
	Suddenly a flash of purple appeared in front of him, blocking
the scope.  He looked up and saw a very angry, cyan-haired woman
floating in front of the window.  He raised the rifle, but the woman
was faster.  She swung her lightsword around in a wide arc, cutting
through the sides of the window and through the man's neck.  The
Assassin's eyes went wide, then empty as his head fell out the window
to the street below.
	Ryoko watched it and growled.  "Ruin *my* date will ya?"  she
muttered.  Suddenly, she wobbled in mid air.  "What the hell?"  she
asked herself.
	Then she began to fall.
	She cried out and tried to concentrate, but she continued to
fall.  She couldn't fly.  *She couldn't fly*!
	She fell about three stories before she suddenly stopped in
midair.  She tried to contain panic.  It was okay, she could fly
again, but what had happened?  Whatever it was, she decided to get
back down to the ground before it happened again.
	When she touched down again, Tenchi ran up to her.  "Are you
okay?!"  he asked.
	She nodded.  "Yeah.  I'm fine."
	"Lord Tenchi,"  one of the guards spoke up, "We should get you
and Ms. Ryoko back to the palace.  Quickly.  There may be other
snipers."
	Tenchi nodded.  "Okay, let's go."

	Misaki smiled as Davner reentered the dining room.  She stood
up and faced him.  "Davner, you're just in time for dessert."
	"Actually, Misy, I think I'm going to turn in.  I've had a
rather long day.  I'm sorry."
	Misaki sighed.  "It's no bother.  Breakfast tomorrow?"
	"Of course."  By this time, Ayeka and Sasami were standing near
them.
	"So what did you and my husband talk about for so long?"
Misaki asked.
	Davner took a breath before answering.  "Affairs of state," he
said.  He turned to Ayeka, who was staring at him in puzzlement.
Silently, he mouthed the words, "He knows."  Ayeka turned dead white.
"Well," he said out loud, "If you will excuse me."
	"Of course."
	"I'll walk you to your room, Mr. Davner,"  Ayeka told him
quickly.
	As the two left the dining room.  Ayeka began to shake.  "What
happened?" she asked fearfully.
	"He caught us on a security cam in the garden."
	Ayeka cursed herself for not being more careful.  "What did he
say?"
	"Usual routine,"  Davner told her, "He accused me of seducing
you for my own ends and forbid me to see you."
	"I see."
	"I told him to stuff it."
	She stopped him.  "That was stupid!"  she told him.  "Davner,
my father has no qualms about killing you."
	"And what?"  Davner asked, "Alienating his daughter *and* his
wife?  He wouldn't risk it."
	"I hope you're right," she told him.
	He smiled at her.  "Neria, risk is part of my business.  I told
you that once, remember?"  She nodded.  "Some things are worth the
risk."
	"Please," she begged, "Don't risk yourself for me."
	"It's been awhile since I've had something worth putting my
neck on the line for, Neria.  I won't give it up that easily."
	She smiled.  "Neither will I."
	"See me tonight," he begged her in a whisper.
	She shook her head.  "No, it'll be triple the risk now.  We
should wait until this blows over."
	He nodded.  "Then I'll see you tomorrow?"
	She nodded and gave him a quick kiss.  "Tomorrow."

	Ayeka knew what she had to do.  She stood outside her father's
study and took a deep breath, steeling herself.  She opened the door
and walked inside.
	"I've been waiting for you, Ayeka,"  Azusa told her.  He shook
his head.  "How could you?"
	"Father,"  Ayeka began, "You don't understand..."
	"You had a duty to your people,"  Azusa interrupted her, "And
you turned your back on them."
	"I did nothing of the sort,"  Ayeka told him quietly.
	"Oh, really?"  Azusa asked angrily.  "You run off and consort
with common space trash..."
	"It's not like that!"  she told him.
	"You've turned your back on your kingdom, your people, your
family..."
	"What!?"  she asked in shock.  She approached him angrily.
"I risked *everthing* for this kingdom!"  she told him.  "I put my
life on the line, risked the people I love, all so I could free them
from Kagato when it would've been *easier* just to leave the quadrant
and start over!  And after all this, you say I've turned my back on
them because I want only what every common Jurain is permitted to
have?!  A life of my own!?"
	"You are *not* a common Jurain, Ayeka!"  Azusa shot back.
"You have duties, responsibilities!"
	"And those duties make it impossible for me to love someone?!"
	"At times, yes."
	Ayeka fumed.  "Then I don't want them."
	"You'd renounce your crown?!"  She nodded.  "Then go!  Get out
of my sight!"  Ayeka turned from him angrily, but stopped when Azusa
said, "Sasami will take over your duties as First Princess."
	She paused midstep.
	"Of course,"  Azusa said, almost to himself, "She's a little
old.  She's never been trained for those responsibilities, but I
guess she'll simply have to learn.  We'll have to start making
inquiries into marriage meetings as soon as possible, of course."
	Ayeka closed her eyes and fought back tears.  She knew what he
was doing and hated him for it.  He was giving her  a way out, a way
to escape to a life free of political responsibility, a life she could
call her own.
	And all she had to do to get it was damn Sasami to the life she
was escaping from.
	"Well, Ayeka?"  Azusa asked.  "I thought you were leaving?"
	"Father, please,"  she begged in a low whisper.
	"I can't put the kingdom at that kind of risk, Ayeka.  I'm
sorry.  You must either give up your title, or agree never to see
him again."
	"He's a prince," she whispered, "Why can't..."
	"Because he's no longer a prince.  He's a criminal, a political
exile, and he's a man with a vendetta.  I won't have him consorting
with my daughter."
	"IT'S MY LIFE!"  She cried, whirling around on him.
	"No, Ayeka," he said, shaking his head, "It's not.  And it
never was."
	She stared at him wide eyed.
	"It's time to make a choice, Ayeka."
	She didn't answer him.
	"Would you give your life for your people?"
	"Of course I would!"  she cried.
	"Well, that's exactly what you must do now,"  he told her.  "And
if you won't give your life, then you'll have to give Sasami's."
	"Please, Father," she tried again.
	"Choose, Ayeka."
	She felt the tears running down her face.  Finally, slowly, she
nodded once.
	Azusa nodded back.  "Tell him tomorrow.  After that, I don't
want to see him again.  Is that understood?"
	She nodded again.
	Without another word, Azusa walked past her and out the door.
Once he was gone, Ayeka fell to her knees and began to cry.

	"I want to thank the two of you again,"  Tenchi said to the
Jurain guards at the foot of the grand staircase.
	"It was our pleasure, Lord Tenchi,"  one of them said.
	With that, the two guardsmen left.  Tenchi put his arm around
Ryoko's waist and walked her up the stairs.  She had been jittery
ever since the attack.  If it were anyone else, Tenchi would expect
that kind of reaction, but this was Ryoko.  Something serious must
have happened.
	"Do you know who it was who attacked us?"  he asked her.
	She shook her head.  "No."
	"Well, everyone's back from..."
	They were interrupted as the  palace doors burst open, and Cavis
and Meg stumbled inside, laughing hysterically.  It looked like Meg
was supporting Cavis, who seemed to be having trouble walking.
	"Whoa, whoa, whoa!"  Meg cried, trying to stop him and change
directions.  "This way, this way..."
	Cavis responded by grabbing her and pulling her to him.  She
cried out and laughed as he began planting kisses on her neck.
	"What kind of girl do you take me for?!"  Meg cried out.
	"A beautiful one," he told her, his speech just slightly
slurred.  It was obvious they had both been drinking heavily.
	Ryoko grinned and nudged Tenchi with her elbow.  "Well, I'm
glad Cavis finally got the hint," she said as she watched the two
of them stumble down the hall.  "You know Kiyone's gonna be pissed."
	Tenchi blinked.  "The hint?"  he asked.
	Ryoko looked at him in shock.  "You didn't notice that Meg had
a thing for Cav?!"  He shook his head.  Ryoko shook her head.  "Men
really are dense," she commented sadly.
	"We all come around eventually," he replied.
	Ryoko smiled, and they started back up the stairs.  Once they
were in the room they were sharing, Ryoko turned back to him and
kissed him.  Still, she seemed...off.
	"Ryoko, are you okay?"
	She nodded.  "I'm fine, Tenchi."
	"Are you sure?"
	She looked into his eyes and remembered what had happened.
Falling to the ground, unable to stop herself.  She had never been
so frightened.  "I'm fine.  I'm...just worried about what happened."
	Tenchi nodded.  "Well, everyone else is probably asleep by now,
and I doubt Cavis and Meg will be sober enough to understand anytime
soon.  We'll tell them tomorrow.  Okay?"
	She nodded.  "Yeah."  She began kissing him again, wrapping her
arms around his neck.  "Tenchi," she said between kisses.  "This was
a magical night for me.  You know what would make it perfect?"
	Tenchi cleared his throat.  "Well...I have an *idea*..."
	Ryoko laughed.  "So do I."
	He reached around and undid the clasp on Ryoko's dress.  Ryoko
grinned.  "You know, I remember when you'd start bleeding from the
nose simply at the thought of touching me like this."
	Tenchi laughed nervously.  "Yeah...well...I've learned a few
things."
	She smiled.  "Well, it's easier like this."  She suddenly
dematerialized, leaving the dress behind in his hands.  She
reappeared behind Tenchi, her arms circling around him.  "Handy
trick, isn't it?"
	Tenchi stood there holding the dress in his hands while Ryoko
embraced him from behind.
	"I love you, Tenchi,"  she told him seriously.  She hugged him
tighter.  "There have been times I thought I was going to die without
you ever knowing.  That frightened me more than anything else in the
world."
	"You don't have to be frightened anymore," he told her.  "I
know.  And I love you too."
	"Tenchi, promise you'll never leave."
	He took her hand and kissed it.  "Never.  I promise."  He
turned to her and found tears in her eyes.  "Ryoko,"
	He got no farther than that before Ryoko started kissing him
again.

	The door opened slowly.  Ayeka swallowed nervously and entered
the dark room cautiously.  She jumped as the door closed shut behind
her.  The lights came on.  She turned quickly and found Davner
standing behind the door pointing his blaster at her.  He saw who
it was and lowered the gun.
	"Neria," he said in surprise.  "Sorry.  It never hurts to take
precautions," he said as he holstered the weapon.  "I didn't think
you were coming ton..."  He broke off as she walked up and kissed
him.  Davner stumbled backwards into the corner.
	"Ayeka?!"  he asked, startled into using her Jurain name.
	"Davner," she said, her voice threatening to crack,  "I love
you.  I want you to know this.  I *need* you to know this.  No matter
what happens."
	"I know, Neria," he said, stroking her hair.  "I know.  I love
you too.  Are you okay?"
	"I'm fine," she said, putting a smile on her face.  "I just
wanted you to know."
	He saw something in her eyes, something that frightened him.
"Neria, are you sure?  Did something happen?"
	She shook her head.  "No, Davner.  Nothing.  Just...Just be
with me."
	He smiled and leaned down to kiss her.  She responded fiercely,
unwilling to let him go.

	Ayeka watched the sun rise from the window in Davner's room.
She was standing there, watching it rise inexorably into the Jurain
sky.  She held her kimono tightly to herself.
	<So, tomorrow is here,> she thought.
	She turned to the sound of Davner rolling over in his sleep.
She felt tears well up in her eyes as she watched him.  It was time
to go.
	She walked over to him and leaned over his sleeping form.  She
gently kissed him and watched as he smiled in his sleep.  She tried
to blink back the tears, but one fell anyway, landing on his cheek.
	"Forgive me, please,"  she whispered.
	With that, she turned away and stole quietly out the door.  As
she walked down the hall, she allowed the tears to flow a little
faster.
	Achi stepped out of her room just in time to see her walk by.
She felt Ayeka's pain in her mind, even as sluggish as it was so early
in the morning.  She watched Ayeka turn a corner and glared at
Davner's room.
	"Dammit, Davner," she said, "What have you done now?"

	Ryoko appeared right next to Cavis and cried, "Good morning,
Cavis!"
	Sitting at the dining room table, nursing a cup of coffee,
Cavis put his hands over his ears and moaned.
	"Good morning, Ryoko," he rasped.
	"Kami sama, Cavis, how much did you drink last night?"  Ryoko
asked.
	"Well.....Okay, so I don't remember.  Get off my back, all
right?!"
	"Sorry, Cav.  So how did things go with Meg last night?"
	He looked up with a puzzled expression on his face.  "Meg?"
	Ryoko blinked.  "You don't remember?"
	"You're going to have to be more specific, I'm having a hard
enough time remembering who *you* are."
	"Uh oh," Ryoko said.
	Sitting across the table from him, Ssedrey shook his head
wearily.
	Tenchi appeared a few moments later.  Ryoko disappeared and
reappeared within glomping range.  Kiyone and Mihoshi appeared,
yawning as they sat down.  Within seconds, palace waiters were setting
plates out for them.  Sasami and Achi ran into the room a few seconds
later.
	"Did we miss breakfast?!"  Achi asked.
	"No,"  Ssedrey told her.  "We were just sitting down."  A waiter
appeared and placed a plate of raw meat in front of him.
	Ryoko arched an eyebrow.  "I thought you ate cooked meat,
Ssedrey."
	Ssedrey nodded.  "Normally, yes.  However, this is a delicacy,
and I do not usually have the opportunity to eat it well prepared."
	Ryoko stared at the plate for a minute.  "Can I try it?"
	Ssedrey blinked.  "I do not see why not.  It is a little strong
for humans."  He held the plate out to her.  She took a piece of meat
and popped it into her mouth.  She chewed for a bit and nodded in
approval.  She reached for another piece.
	Tenchi just shook his head.
	"'Morn'n, all,"  Davner said as he entered the dining room.
He grabbed a Jurain apple from a fruitbowl and took a bite.
	"Hey Dav,"  Cavis choked out.  The gambler took a seat at the
table.  A waiter approached and asked him if he wanted anything.
	"No, thank you.  Already had breakfast."
	Cavis jumped as someone snuck up behind him and planted a kiss
on his cheek.  "Good morning, tiger,"  Meg said, taking a seat next
to him.
	Kiyone glared.
	Cavis blinked.  "Um...Good morning, Meg."
	"Anyone seen Ayeka this morning," Tenchi asked.  "We need to
talk everyone."
	"What's up, Tenchi?"  Mihoshi asked.
	"Okay, I guess we'll tell Ayeka later.  She probably already
knows about it, anyway," Tenchi said, "Last night, Ryoko and I were
attacked.  We don't know by who."
	"An Assassin?"  Achi asked.
	Kiyone shook her head.  "I doubt it.  They wouldn't go against
their honor code."
	"Looks like our friends in the Jurain government went and hired
themselves someone else for the job,"  Davner said.
	"Looks that way,"  Washu replied.
	"So what do we do?"  Mihoshi asked.
	Cavis tried to think through the pain in his mind.  "All right.
For now, everyone stay in the palace.  Also, try to keep from being
left alone with someone you don't know.  That includes guards.  We
don't know how deep this goes."
	They all nodded.
	"Next person to see Ayeka, pass the information along,"  Tenchi
told them.

	Charis, flanked by Warshan and Striker entered the abandoned
Jurain warehouse and made for her target.  The leader of the Assassin
base on Jurai saw her and approached warily.  The other Assassins
stationed there watched anxiously.
	"Who is in charge here?"  Charis asked, calling out to the
assembled Assassins.
	The leader stepped forward.  "That would be me, Lady Charis.
Ravin Jus..."
	Before he could finish, Charis' blaster was in her hand and at
his head.  The leader had just enough time gasp before she pulled
the trigger.  An unfortunate Assassin standing behind him was
splattered with blood.  Charis spat on the man's body and turned
to the rest of the Assassins.
	"*Now* who is in charge here?"  she called out.
	One man raised his hand and stepped forward.  "Me...Lady
Charis."
	Charis strolled up and grabbed him by the front his shirt.
She pushed the man up against the wall and stuck the blaster under
his nose.
	"Good," she hissed, "Because I have a few questions for you.  I
would like to know why your scumbag predecessor authorized a hit
without my consent!  I would like to know why one of my Assassins lies
dead while the *whore* who killed him is walking free and unpunished!
And I would like to know one reason, *if you have one*, why I
shouldn't take your head off with this!"
	The Assassin trembled in fear.  "M...Milady...We kept the
royals..und...under surveillance....The prince left the...palace...
and Jusen ordered a hit....We did not question."
	Sitting on Charis' shoulder, Death-Ohki hissed at the man.
"I am taking personal control over this mission," she hissed at him.
She shoved the man to the ground and turned to Warshan and Striker.
Pausing a moment to spit, she began to give orders.  "De, I want
twenty six hour surveillance on their ships at the spaceport.
Striker, check out the palace security.  I want a viable way in and
out of that place before nightfall."  The two men nodded.  "NOW!"
	Warshan and Striker moved quickly.

	"Meg, can I talk to you?"
	Meg turned and saw Kiyone coming up to her in the main hall.
"Sure, Detective.  What's up?"
	Kiyone took a breath and began.  "Stay away from Cavis."
	"What?"  Meg asked incredulously.
	"I'm telling you, Meg, he's bad news.  Do yourself a favor and
stay as far from him as you can."
	"Thanks for the advice, Detective,"  Meg told her, "But I think
I can take care of myself."
	"He'll hurt you,"  Kiyone told her.  "He always does."
	"I'm already hurt,"  Meg told her bitterly, "Might as well
have company."
	"Fine," Kiyone bit out.  "But don't say I didn't warn you."
	"Thank you, Detective,"  Meg growled back.  "I'll consider
myself warned."  With that, Meg stormed off.
	Kiyone shook her head.  Mihoshi walked up to her.  "What's going
on, Kiyone?"
	"She's setting herself up for a fall, Mihoshi."
	Mihoshi blinked.  "Is she?"
	"You don't know Cavis like I do.  The man's a snake."
	"He seems nice,"  Mihoshi told her.
	Kiyone glared at her.  "Don't let that fool you, Mihoshi.  He's
a murderer."  She left Mihoshi there blinking in puzzlement.

	Davner walked through the garden path and whistled an old tune
from his home planet.  He trailed off as he saw a Jurain guardsman
approaching him.  Turning, he saw another one coming up the path
after him.  He stopped, his hand dropped to the blaster beneath his
gray trench coat.
	The guard stopped before him.  "Davner Mollidon?"  Davner
nodded.  "Her Highness would like to see you."
	Davner arched an eyebrow.  "Her *Highness*?" he asked.  "Not
Her Majesty?"
	"This way, sir,"  Davner followed the guards as they led him
into the palace and to a sitting room near the entrance.
	Ayeka was waiting for him there.  The guards bowed to her,
then left.

	Achi saw Davner walking with two Jurain guards and scanned him
out of habit.  She knew he was tensed, unsure.
	He was in trouble.  She followed the group to the door and
waited for the guards to reappear.  Once they did, she snuck up to
the door and placed her ear against it.

	"Neria,"  Davner began, "What's going on?"
	Ayeka took a breath and began.  "Mr. Davner, I want you to know
that you have my sincerest thanks for rescuing me and keeping me safe
during the recent unpleasantness."
	Davner blinked.  "Excuse me?"
	"However,"  Ayeka said slowly, "I am...afraid that...given the
circumstances..."  She paused as the words she had been repeating in
her mind all day fled her.  "I don't think we should see each other
anymore," she finally got out.
	Davner stood there in shock.  "What?" he gasped.
	Ayeka took a deep breath.  "I know this must come as a shock..."
	"You're damn right it comes as a shock," he told her.  "*He*
put you up to this, didn't he?"  he said accusingly.  "Neria..."
	"Please, Davner, don't make this harder than it has to be."
Ayeka blinked back tears.  "You have to go."
	Davner grit his teeth as everything fell into place.  "You once
accused me of making love to you under false pretenses," he bit out.
"Well what the hell do you call last night?"
	Ayeka took a breath before answering quietly, "A goodbye."
	Davner went white.
	"Please, Davner," she whispered, "This hurts.  But it simply
can't work."
	"All right, Neria,"  he said.
	She gasped.
	"I've always believed that if you love someone...really love
someone...you'd be willing to do anything for them."  He paused and
collected himself. "So if you can stand there and tell me that you
*want* me to go...I'll go.  Quietly."
	Ayeka closed her eyes.  She didn't want to see his face when
she said the most painful thing she could.
	"I want you to go."
	She kept her eyes squeezed shut.  Davner didn't answer.  Then,
	"All right."  He paused again.  "Goodbye, Ne...Princess Ayeka."
She heard his bootsteps as he turned and walked out of the room.
Only after she heard the door close behind him did she open her eyes
and allowed the tears to flow freely down her face.

	Achi jumped back as the door opened.  Davner walked out of the
room and down the hall without even pausing.
	"Davner!  Wait!"  she called out.  She ran after him.  He
didn't stop until he was in his room.  He shut the door in her face.
She grit her teeth and opened it, entering his room after him.  He
was facing away from her, staring out the window.
	"Davner," she began quietly.  "I...I'm sorry about Ayeka.  I
know you two were close..."
	"She meant nothing to me!"  he bit out.
	Achi gasped.  "Wha..."
	"She was just a pleasant distraction,"  he told her.  "Saturday
night fun!  She was no different than all the other girls."
	"Davner,"  Achi said sadly, "You're lying."
	"Dammit, Achi!"  Davner choked out.  "Just this once let me get
away with it!  Let me lie to you," he begged quietly.
	Achi felt tears well up in her eyes.  She was feeling his own
pain overwhelm her.  "Okay, Dav.  She didn't mean anything."  She
turned to go.
	"Thank you, Achi."
	She turned back to him.  "But I'm still sorry."
	He didn't answer.  She wasn't expecting one.  She walked out
the door and left him alone with his grief.

	"Achi!"
	Achi looked up and saw Sasami running towards her.
	"I've been looking for you!  You missed dessert!"  Sasami saw
the look on the empath's face and paused. "Are you okay, Achi?"
	"Sasami, I think you should go find your sister."
	Sasami blinked.  "Ayeka?  Why?"
	"'Cause she's hurt,"  Achi told her.  "She needs to talk to
someone."
	Sasami blinked.  "You can sense that from here?"
	"Yeah,"  Achi lied.  "You'd better hurry."
	"Well...okay, Achi.  Thanks."  Sasami ran up the stairs.  Achi
stood there and sighed.

	Kiyone grunted as she turned a corner and bumped into a serving
maid.
	"Oh!  I'm sorry!"  the maid cried out.
	"Oh, no problem.  I guess I should've been watching where I
was going."
	The serving maid helped her up and started briskly down the
hall towards the royal quarters.  Kiyone blinked.  There was something
about that woman...  She shrugged it off and started back down the
hall.
	She stopped.
	She had such an odd feeling about that woman.  Her instincts
were screaming at her to check up on her.
	She searched her mind for the answer.  Finally, she turned and
started after the maid.

	Sasami opened the door to her sister's room and peered into
the darkness.  "Ayeka?"
	She saw something on the bed moving.  The little princess moved
toward the bed and saw Ayeka curled up in it, facing away from her.
Her shoulders were gently shaking.
	"Ayeka?  Are you okay?  Ayeka?"
	Ayeka didn't answer.  Sasami climbed up onto the bed and hugged
her.  She didn't know why Ayeka was crying, only that she was, and
that was all she needed to know.
	"It'll be okay, Ayeka.  It'll be okay."

	<Two out of three in one night's not bad,>  Charis thought as
she peered through the crack in Ayeka's door.  She pulled the blaster
from the pocket in her stolen maid's uniform and attached the silencer
to the end.  She braced herself to strike...
	"Freeze."
	Charis tensed.  She heard the "click" as the safety of a
blaster pistol switched to the off position.  She took a breath and
stood up straighter, she held her hands out away from her.
	"Turn around," Kiyone ordered, "Slowly."
	Charis turned and scowled.  "You have me."
	"Drop the gun."
	The Assassin looked at her weapon and smiled slightly.  "Here
you are," she said.  She turned the blaster around and held the butt
out to Kiyone.
	"On the floor!"
	Charis smiled gently and continued to hold the blaster out.
She took a step toward Kiyone.
	"I'm not going to ask again!"
	Charis extended her hand.  Kiyone was only a foot from her.
Keeping her blaster on Charis, she reached out with her other hand to
take Charis' blaster.
	Charis struck!
	As quick as a striking viper, Charis flipped the blaster up so
that the barrel was facing Kiyone and hit the trigger with her thumb.
The blaster bolt struck Kiyone in the chest at a range of about two
feet and threw her back.
	The last thought that ran through her mind before hitting the
ground was, <A mistake not even a rookie would make.  I've been
hanging around Mihoshi too long.>  Then, she hit the ground and saw
no more.
	Charis spit.  "Amateur."  She raised the blaster to finish
Kiyone off.  Suddenly, something struck her in the back of the head.
Charis hit the ground with a grunt.  She blinked in pain and looked
up as a blonde woman vaulted over her and knelt next to the GP.
	"Kiyone!?  KIYONE!?  Wake up!  Wake up, Kiyone!"
	Charis growled and reached for the blaster, which she had
dropped when the blonde hit her.  She stopped as someone planted their
foot on her wrist.  She looked up and saw a dark-haired woman pointing
a blaster down at her.
	"Mihoshi!  How is she?!"  Meg asked, her blaster never wavering.
	"I don't think she's breathing!"
	By now, other people were joining them.  Kamidake lifted Charis
off the ground and pushed her against the wall.  Two guards frisked
her and relieved her of her secondary blaster and thin-bladed
assassin's knife.
	"Take her to a cell,"  Kamidake ordered.  Charis spit at his
feet and walked away between the two guards.
	A trauma team pushing a gurney raced past her towards Kiyone.

	"What happened!?"  Cavis demanded as he pushed his way through
the crowd.  He arrived just in time to see Kiyone being lifted onto
the gurney.  The palace medical staff was treating her as best they
could, but they seemed very worried.
	Meg turned and explained what happened.  He looked up at Ayeka
and Sasami who were standing as close as they could to Kiyone without
getting in the paramedics' way.  He turned to Kamidake.
	"How the hell..."
	"I've ordered the palace sealed off,"  Kamidake told him, "And
I'm ordering a head count.  Their Majesty's are safe, and Lord Tenchi
is on his way."
	"Who did this?"
	Kamidake shook his head.  "Don't know, but we have her in a
cell."
	"Let's go talk to her."
	"Mr. Darktower..."
	"Captain,"  Cavis replied, "This could be our only lead.  If
she suicides or escapes we have *nothing*!"
	Kamidake nodded.  "All right.  This way."  He turned to a
subordinate.  "Lieutenant, take over."
	The Knight led Cavis down the hall.  Meg fell into step beside
him.  They found Tenchi and Ryoko coming toward them from down the
hall.  "What happened?!"  Tenchi asked.
	"We'll explain on the way,"  Cavis told him.  "Ryoko, go get
Achi and bring her down to the cells.  We might need her."

	The guards shoved Charis into a cell and activated the
forcefield.  Charis took a moment to spit on the ground.  Then she
took a breath and concentrated.
	<Death Ohki,>
	>Myash?<
	<Mommy's trapped.>
	>MYHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!<
	Charis smiled as she heard the cabbit's scream of rage in her
mind.

	Twenty miles away, at a warehouse on the capital city's Mishtal
River....
	All Hell broke loose.
	People nearby screamed and fled in terror as a black mass of
crystal blasted its way out of the warehouse through the ceiling.  It
hovered there for a moment as it reoriented itself, its forward
crytalline prongs pointing towards the palace.
	"MYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHH
HHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!"  it screamed in fury before shooting towards the
palace.

	Charis stood in her cell while the guards discussed her in the
nearby guard room.
	"Who do you suppose she is?"
	"Who kno...  Hey, you feel that?"
	Charis grinned.
	"What is it?  An earthquake?"
	That's when the wall exploded.  The forcefield around her cell
failed.  Charis calmly stepped through, listening to the screaming
guards as they were crushed by falling debris.
	"MYAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSHHHHHHHH!!!  MYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSH
HHHHH!!"
	Charis grinned as the wall in front of her collapsed.  Floating
in front of it, blaster shots from the palace guards bouncing off the
deflector shields, was Death-Ohki's ship form.
	It saw her and reacted happily.  "MYAAASSSSHHHH!"
	She turned as she heard someone approaching.  Three men and a
woman stood there.  A Jurain officer, one of her targets, the whore
who helped capture her, and a man in a black trench coat.
	Had she a weapon, she might've been tempted to try for the
prince.  But she knew it was only a matter of time before the Jurains
brought out something heavier to shoot Death-Ohki down.
	"Don't think it's over!"  she warned them.  She gave the ship
a mental command, and she was transported aboard.  Death-Ohki shot up
into the sky and disappeared.
	Kamidake was giving orders through his wrist communicator to
send ships after her, but Cavis knew they wouldn't find them.  This
woman was far too professional for that.  He remembered her last
statement to them.
	<"Don't think it's over!">
	"Not by a long shot," he growled.



To Be Continued...


Thanks for reading.  Let me know what you think.

Thomas "009" Doscher
doscher009@hotmail.com
