Here it is, part 2 of "Destiny's Balance."  "Skirting the Balance," 
is divided into three sections, none of which are directly 
connected to the other two.  This means that you can read the 
sections in any order you like.  This is a post TF work, meaning 
if you haven't seen the movie, "Tenchi Forever," you might have 
a little trouble understanding some of the background.
Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC and Pioneer LDC.  The author 
owns only the writing and the characters he, himself, creates.  
Ssedrey and the Asconian people are the property of Daniel Powell 
and are being used with his knowledge and consent for this fic.



Skirting the Balance A:  Talon of the Blood Mist

	Washu's eyes opened slowly.  Her head was pounding like a 
trip hammer.  She was lying on the floor.  That much she could 
tell.  Everything else was a blur.  Over the sound of the pounding 
in her head, she could hear something else.
	Laughter.
	She blinked and searched for the source.  Slowly, her eyes 
focused on a little girl with light violet hair kneeling on the 
ground.  In her hands was the Tentacle of Dooooom.  She was 
laughing as the purple tentacle repeatedly tapped her on the cheek 
with the end of its tentacle.
	Achi giggled.  "Ssedrey!  Ssedrey!  Come take a look at this!  
It's so *cute*!"  The tentacle gurgled again and tapped her on the 
face.  Achi continued giggling.
	<Achi?  Ssedrey?>  She hadn't seen either of them in a year.  
She looked up and saw the eight foot lizard standing over her.  
"Come, Ms. WaSshu.  I will take you to the infirmary."  Washu 
looked around and saw Mihoshi and Sasami coming around.  They 
looked like they were in pain.  Ryo-Ohki was nearby, miya'ing 
pitifully.
	"Ssedrey?"  she asked, still dazed.
	The lizard hissed and nodded.  He reached down and picked 
up the scientist, tossing her over his shoulder.  Then he took 
Mihoshi and put her over his other shoulder.  Finally, he bent 
down and picked Sasami up, cradling her in his reptilian arms.  
"Hold on," he told Washu, "I don't wish to drop you."  Washu nodded 
weakly and held onto the Asconian's cape.  "Achi, take Ryo-Ohki and 
your new friend and follow me to the infirmary."
	"Okay, Ssedrey."  Achi picked up Ryo-Ohki and the tentacle 
and followed the lizard down the corridor of the Talon of the 
Blood Mist.
	
	After a few minutes on the Talon's bio-bed, Washu began to 
feel better.  The effects of the sonic disruptor began to dissipate.  
She turned her head and found Sasami lying on a similar bed, 
just starting to come around.  Washu hopped off the bio-bed and 
tried walking a few steps.  Sasami was still unconscious, but the 
bed was working its magic on her as well, and was expected to be 
all right.
	She faced Ssedrey.  "What happened?"
	Ssedrey hissed and explained things to her as it had happened.  
How Cavis was tipped off about the assassination, the plan to 
rescue them, and how it went south.  By the time he was done, 
Mihoshi and Sasami were awake and asking him to repeat the parts 
they missed.  
	"So, what's the plan?"  Washu asked after Ssedrey was done 
repeating his story.
	"Cavis has left us intstructions.  We will follow them."
	Washu was skeptical.  "Instructions, huh?"
	Ssedrey arched an eyebrow.  "Cavis' counsel is usually 
sound, and has saved our lives more than once."
	"So what is his counsel?"  Washu asked.
	Ssedrey went to a computer terminal and accessed the file.  
He blinked.  "'Hide?'  What kind of plan is that?"  He was aware 
of everyone's eyes on him.  He turned and said, "Cavis has 
counselled us to find a safe harbor and wait for an opportunity 
to make contact with him."
	Washu arched an eyebrow.  "Mmm hmmm."
	"Mr. Ssedrey,"  Sasami began, "What happened to Ayeka, Tenchi, 
and Ryoko?"
	"I don't know, Little One.  But I am sure they are safe."
	"Yeah," Achi piped in.  Then her voice turned cross.  
"Unless they're with Davner, then they're just screwed."
	Mihoshi covered her mouth with her hands.  "Oh no!"
	Ssedrey threw Achi a look.  "I am sure they are fine."
	"Which brings me back to my original question," Washu told 
him.  "What's the plan?"
	Ssedrey thought for a moment.  They were being hunted by 
Assassins, they were separated from their friends, and if they got 
caught out in space alone by more than a few of their ships, or 
by the Asconian gunboat, they weren't going to last long.
	Ssedrey hissed between his fangs in thought.  They needed 
a place to hide...
	He blinked as an idea came to him.  It would be risky, but 
options were coming up short.  He made his decision and turned to 
them.
	"My people have a colony nearby.  We will go there."
	Washu arched an eyebrow.  "I thought your people didn't 
*like* outworlders."
	"We do not, however, exceptions have been made in the past.  
I believe we will be safe there."
	"For how long?"  Sasami asked worriedly.  "We have to find 
my sister and the others!"
	Ssedrey knelt down next to the princess.  "We will search 
when it is safe to do so."  Sasami was about to protest, but 
Ssedrey stopped her.  "Your sister would not want you to endanger 
yourself by searching for her, would she?"  Sasami licked her lips 
in thought and shook her head.  "Then you must trust me.  We will 
go to Elbreth."

	Ssedrey set them up in the spare quarters, and they waited 
there.  Sasami stared out the window, concerned for her sister.  
Ryo-Ohki sat with her, sighing as she wondered what had happened 
to Ryoko.  Mihoshi bawled her eyes out, worried about Kiyone, and 
Washu was tapping away at her holotop, not really concerned.  
After all, there was no point worrying until there was something 
definite to worry about.
	Achi stayed with them and tried to keep their spirits up.  
By now, she had fallen completely in love with Washu's Tentacle 
of Doooom, and had already gone about renaming it.
	"You'll be called, 'Little Kawaii Tentacle!'"  she had 
declared.  Washu facefaulted, and the Little Kawaii Tentacle 
tapped Achi on the cheek again.  This whole episode managed to 
make Mihoshi laugh, and even Sasami smiled a little.
	Meanwhile, up on the bridge, Ssedrey was having problems of 
his own.
	"No!"  the Asconian on the screen told him sternly.  "You 
have already soiled our holy ground when you brought the Jurain 
to the homeworld!  Now you wish to spread the filth to our 
colonies?!"
	Ssedrey hissed in annoyance.  "They are *not* filth!"  he 
retorted, "And if you name them so again, I will take your 
tongue."
	The lizard on the screen narrowed his red-yellow eyes.  
"You may not land with them."
	"You are but a Zista," Ssedrey pointed out.  "You do not 
speak for the colony.  I demand you pass along my request to the 
Council, and tell them who makes the request.  You will do so now."
	The bureaucrat hissed, but finally nodded.  "Very well, 
Guardsman, I will pass along your request."
	"I will hear a response in one hour."
	The lizard's eyes went wide.  "An hour is not long en..."  
Ssedrey turned off the screen, and the bureaucrat's face 
disappeared.  He hissed in annoyance, the tip of his tail flicked 
from side to side.  
	Now it was time to see if his name still held any weight.

	Three hours later, Ssedrey called them up to the bridge.
	"We will be landing in ten minutes," Ssedrey told them.  
"This is the arrangement.  We can land, but you will not be 
permitted to leave the ship."
	"You mean we'll have to stay inside?"  Mihoshi asked in 
disbelief.
	"For how long, Ssedrey?"  Sasami asked.
	"Until it is safe to leave again,"  Ssedrey said.
	"Hmmm,"  Washu said.  "Why all the secrecy?"  Ssedrey threw 
her a look.  "I mean, from what I hear, Cavis has already seen 
your homeworld, the center of your race's holy spirit.  Why are 
they being so tight about a colony?"
	"That is another story for another time,"  Ssedrey told her.  
"We are here, now, and we must deal with *this* story.  In this 
story, you will not leave the ship."
	Washu shrugged.  "Fine with me.  You think they can send us 
some real food, though?  I mean, space rations are fine, but they 
get old...fast."
	Ssedrey nodded.  "I will request some once we land."
	He blinked when he saw Sasami's expression turn to awe.  
"Wow," she said as she gazed out the window Ssedrey was standing 
in front of.  Ssedrey turned and saw what the little princess had 
been so impressed by.
	A Tidara-class warship was in orbit around the small brown 
planet they were aiming for.  The warship, almost thrity six 
kilometers long, filled the window.  Light from the thousands of 
windows could barely be seen.  It was an awesome sight for one who 
had never seen one before.  The largest Jurain warship was only a 
mile long, and they were considered monstrous by their people.  In 
comparison, a Tidara was simply unreal.
	Even Washu was impressed.  "A Tidara-class battleship," she 
whispered, "You don't see one of those everyday."
	Ssedrey turned to her in stunned disbelief.  "One day, 
Little WaSshu, you and I will speak of where your knowledge of 
my people comes from."
	"My, that's a big ship,"  Mihoshi commented.
	A reptilian face appeared on the viewscreen.  "I am Captain 
Ekra, of Her Majesty's Hunter Vessel, Preymaker.  Identify."
	Ssedrey turned to the image and stood taller.  "I am 
Guardsman Ssedrey," he said.  "We will land immediately."
	Ekra hissed as his eyes rested on Washu and the others.  
"Are these the prey?"
	Ssedrey's eyes narrowed.  "They are *not* prey."
	"They are not of us," Ekra replied.  "That makes them prey."
	"We will land immediately,"  Ssedrey repeated.
	Ekra hissed again, but nodded.  "You will land immediately."
	
	They watched out the window as the Talon of the Blood Mist 
entered the atmosphere of the Asconian colony world.  The sky went 
from black to dull red, the planet was brown, dusty, and desolate.  
Ssedrey guided the ship towards the colony, a small pocket of 
civilization that looked out of place in the middle of this desert.  
The buildings were short and squat.  The tallest was only three 
stories tall.  The architecture seemed to be based on functionality 
rather than artistic beauty.  It made the city seem...dull.
	They approached a long row of domes that ran the perimeter 
of the colony.  One of the domes split and opened at their approach.  
Ssedrey guided the ship into the dome	and touched down on the 
landing pad within.  They felt the ship make contact with a 
"clunk."
	Washu looked out the cockpit window.  "Hmmm.  Looks like 
a welcoming committee,"
	Ssedrey looked out the window and saw three tall reptiles 
approaching the ship from a blast door located in front of them.
	He nodded.  "Allow me to speak with them, and remain silent."
	They all nodded.  Ssedrey opened the hatch and allowed the 
Asconians to enter.  The leader wore a dark red cloak similar to 
Ssedrey's only with a gold trim and a symbol embroidered with gold 
thread on the front.  A black, winged dragon was curled against a 
red backdrop and bordered with gold.
	The other two entered just behind him in dark, metal plate 
armor.  They each held a short vopolia, or throwing axe, about a 
foot long, close to their chests.  Their tails flicked from side 
to side behind them.  Ssedrey knew this as a unconscious signal 
that they were tensed for combat.  There were times before a battle 
that he had to consciously keep his own tail from unwrapping 
itself from around his waist where he usually kept it.
	The leader, he knew by his dress, was a MaSsas, a colony 
elder.  He dipped his snout to the elder in respect.  
	"Guardsman Ssedrey,"  the MaSsas began.  "I am ReSstis.  
I sit on the council of this colony."
	Ssedrey dipped his snout again.  "I am honored to be greeted 
by one such as you, honored MaSsas."
	ReSstis nodded.  He looked up at the group of mammals 
standing behind Ssedrey.  "So these are the mammals you have 
brought with you?"
	"Yes, honored MaSsas."
	ReSstis nodded.  "Well, fear not.  They will be safe here.  
Our colony is small and unimportant in the concerns of the Great 
Balance, but we will do whatever we must to assist you, Guardsman."
	"I thank you, honored MaSsas."
	"They must not leave your ship.  The punishment for doing 
so will be deadly, but as long as they remain here, they will be 
treated as guests.  Now, do you require anything?"
	"We require adequate food for them, honored MaSsas."
	The elder blinked.  "Hmmm.  Er...what do mammals eat?"
	Ssedrey sighed.  "I will download specifics to the colony 
database.  Hopefully, that will be enough for the cooks to prepare 
something adequate."
	ReSstis nodded.  "Very well, then I will take my leave of 
you.  Be well, Guardsman."
	"Thank you, honored MaSsas."
	ReSstis and his bodyguards left the ship.  Washu waited until 
they were gone before asking, "Hey, Ssedrey, why did he call you, 
'Guardsman?'"
	Ssedrey gave her an Asconian smile, which essentially 
consisted of opening his mouth and showing her his fangs.  "So, 
WaSshu, something you *do not* know at last, eh?"
	Washu arched an eyebrow and waited for an answer.
	"I served a short time in my race's military.  According 
to custom, even after leaving, one is addressed by his rank in 
service."
	From behind them, Achi spoke up in a worried voice.  
"Ssedrey, that man lied to you."
	Ssedrey looked at her in astonishment.  "Achi, you must be 
mistaken.  An honored MaSsas would not lie to me."
	"I'm telling you, Ssedrey, he's lying to you."
	Washu turned to Achi.  "What about, Achi?"
	Achi shook her head.  "I don't know.  He was lying so much, 
it's hard to make out what he was lying about and what he was 
telling the truth about!"
	Ssedrey hissed.  "Are you absolutely certain, Achi?"
	Achi nodded her head rapidly.  "I swear, Ssedrey!  He was 
lying!"
	Ssedrey's eyes narrowed.  Why would a MaSsas lie to him.  
He replayed the conversation in his mind.  If the MaSsas *was* 
lying about some of the things he said, then they could be in real 
trouble.  He thought back to Washu's earlier comment about the 
amount of security the colony had.  It *was* rather extravagant 
given how far the colony was from the mainstream.
	"Remain here," he told them.  "I will go make inquiries."  
He turned to Washu and Mihoshi.  "Do not allow anyone else in 
here."  Washu and Mihoshi nodded.  He turned to Achi and knelt 
down.  "Little One, the spare blaster is in the forward compartment.  
Remember what Davner and I taught you?"
	Achi nodded.  
	The reptile stood up and made for the hatch.  He reached 
beneath his cloak and checked the six vorpolias he kept at various 
points over his body.  He opened the hatch and stepped outside, 
taking a full breath of dry air and waiting for the hatch to cycle 
shut behind him.
	It was time to go hunting.

	ReSstis entered his office, his two bodyguards taking up 
positions at the door.  His assistant stood at his desk.  
	"By your commmand, honored MaSsas."
	ReSstis sat down behind the desk and began looking over 
the various papers on his desk while he gave orders to the 
assistant.  "Dispatch a message to Captain Ekra.  Tell him if the 
Talon of the Blood Mist attempts to leave, it is to be destroyed."  
The assistant jotted this down.  "And also dispatch a message to 
NeSster...."
	"Tell him we have his prey caged."

	Ssedrey returned to find the ship quiet and in one piece, 
which was good, considering that he feared it might not be ever 
since he left it.  He had found out little from his trip into the 
city.  No one seemed willing to speak to him even though he was 
one of their race.  It was odd.  
	He found Achi and Sasami eating in the small kitchen 
compartment.  Sasami was throwing pieces of her space rations to 
Ryo-Ohki while Achi fed the Lill' Kawaii Tentacle bits and pieces 
of her own meal.
	Achi sensed him and looked up.  "Ssedrey!  You're back!"
	Ssedrey nodded.  "Is all well here?"  The two girls nodded.  
"Good.  I must speak with WaSshu.  Where is she?"
	They pointed to one of the aft compartments.  Ssedrey 
started for it and opened the door.  It was dark inside.  He 
tensed and entered slowly as the door slid shut behind him...
	Something struck at him!
	He leapt into the air and drew a vorpolia.  On his way back 
down, he slashed out at his attacker.  A metal tentacle fell to 
the ground, twitching spasmodically, cut off from its power supply.  
Before Ssedrey could turn, four more tentacles had wrapped 
themselves around him.  He struggled, but even his Asconian strength 
was no match for the tentacles.  He hissed and growled as the 
tentacles dragged him to the deck and held him there.  He snapped 
at them, but they didn't care.
	"Oh, relax, would ya?!"  a nasally voice admonished him from 
the shadows.  "Don't be such a baby!"
	Ssedrey blinked.  "WaSshu?!"
	His eyes went wide as he heard the two chibi Washu's speak 
up from the shadows.  "That's right!  The greatest scientific 
genius in the universe!"
	"YEA, WASHU!!"
	"YEA, WASHU!!"
	Washu stepped out of the shadows arrayed in an Asconian 
outfit.  She adjusted the headdress of white feathers on her head 
and approached the reptile.  Ssedrey gasped in shock.
	"Er...WaSshu?"
	"Relax.  Strictly medical.  I just need a few samples."
	Ssedrey gulped.  "Samples?"
	"Mmmm hmmm.  You see, Ssedrey, I encountered your species 
about seven hundred years ago, and have always been fascinated by 
them.  Was  planning a trip to your homeworld, but...er....something 
came up."
	Ssedrey hissed.  "Release me this instant!"
	"Now, don't be frightened.  I'm always very gentle with my 
guinea pigs...er...lizards."  She grinned wickedly.  "Unless of 
course, you *prefer* I be rough..."
	"I prefer that you let me out of this!"
	"Now, now," she said.  "I promise, you'll get a kick out of 
it."  She approached Ssedrey, grinning.  Ssedrey braced himself, 
but suddenly, Washu stopped.
	"Wait," she said.  "There's something wrong here..."
	"You are just now figuring that out?!"
	She shook her head.  "No, I mean something's missing."  She 
let Ssedrey lie there while she thought.  Suddenly, she snapped her 
fingers.  "Mihoshi!"
	The reptile blinked.  "What?"
	"Mihoshi's supposed to be here by now, screwing up my 
experiments, but she's not here!"
	"Lucky you,"  Ssedrey murmurred sarcastically.
	"No, you don't understand.  It's practically like clockwork.  
So if she's not here, screwing up *my* day, then where is she?!"
	Ssedrey's eyes went wide.  "Oh no!" 

	Mihoshi ooh'd and aww'd at the sprawling city around her.  
It turned out that the area they saw when they landed was only the 
space port.  The rest of the colony was actually beneath the 
planet's surface.  The city went on for miles in every direction.  
The buildings all looked the same to her....
	As a result, she got lost even faster than usual.
	She was just going to step outside to get some air.  That 
was all.  Suddenly, she was lost with no idea of how to get back 
to the ship.
	So she wandered.
	Now she was even more lost than when she started.
	"Oh, great, *now* where am I?"  She looked around for 
someone she could ask for directions.  The city seemed practically 
deserted.  Most of the Asconians she saw seemed to be looking at 
her in the most unfriendly manner.  She decided to move on and try 
to find her way back on her own.
	She found herself at a series of tubes that ran off in 
different directions.  She found it was a form of public 
transportation.  She stepped into a tube car and watched the door 
slide shut behind her.
	Something in the tube hissed at her.  She jumped in surprise, 
but when she searched around her, she found that there was nothing 
there.  She heard the hiss again, exactly as before.  A panel next 
to the door was blinking.  She snapped her fingers.
	"You must be the computer!"
	There was another series of hisses, followed by a few growls 
and some throaty rasps.
	"Um...can you help me?"
	There were a few more hisses.
	"Well, you see, I'm kind of lost and I'm looking for my ship.  
Could you take me there?  Where the ships are?"
	More hisses.  Suddenly, the tube began to move.  Mihoshi 
smiled, proud that she had managed to solve her problem by herself.

	Washu pulled the cloak closer around herself.  Mihoshi hadn't 
turned up anywhere onboard the ship when they searched it.  That 
meant she was somewhere in the colony.
	And that was a bad thing.
	The Asconians on this colony had made it very clear to them 
what would happen if they were caught away from their ship.  She 
just hoped that she and Ssedrey could find her before the Asconian 
soldiers did.
	She looked around at the city proper and gasped.  The colony 
was huge!
	"How are we gonna find her in all of this?!"  Washu asked.
	Ssedrey looked from side to side.  Suddenly, he saw a pair of 
soldiers run past them, armed with pulse rifles.
	"We follow them,"  he told her and took off after the soldiers.  
Washu followed.

	"Um...*Now* where am I?"
	Mihoshi was on the verge of tears.  She had gotten out of 
the tube and walked forward, expecting to find her ship.  Instead, 
she found herself on some kind of boardwalk.  She leaned on the 
rail and looked out at the massive underground cavern.  She could 
see lights below her, running out for miles in front of her.  Some 
of the lights formed a shape she found familiar, but she couldn't 
put her finger on it.  Some lights moved, vehicles of some kind 
that she couldn't make out at this distance.  She looked up and 
saw the sky of granite above her.  She sighed.
	"Now I'm *really* lost."  She began to sniffle.  "KIYONE!"
	"*KIYONE*"
	"KIYONE"
	"kiyone"
	She listened to the echo and blinked.  "Cool," she giggled.
	"Listening to your spirits, young lady?"
	She turned in surprise and found a short Asconian standing 
there next to her.  He wore a dark cloak that hid his features and 
leaned on a staff.  She blinked.  She hadn't seen him come up.
	"Um...something like that?"
	The lizard nodded solemnly.  "You appear misplaced, young 
lady."
	"Oh, I am!  I'm trying to find my friends!  Have you seen 
them?!"
	The Asconian shook his head.  Mihoshi blinked when she saw a 
bit of white hair fall from beneath his cowl instead of white 
feathers.  "I am sorry.  I have not seen your scientist, your 
princess, your empath, your Guardsman, your cabbit, or your 
tentacle."
	"Oh, well, thanks anyway,"  Mihoshi said, dejected.  The 
lizard chuckled to himself.
	"What do you think of the view?"
	"It's very pretty,"  Mihoshi commented.
	"Hmmm,"  the Asconian agreed, nodding.  "Very pretty.  Often 
it is the prettiest things that cause the most trouble."  He said 
this sadly.  He seemed to perk up and said, "I'm sure *you* know 
something of that, young lady."
	Mihoshi blushed.  "Why...are you *flirting* with me?!"
	The lizard laughed.  "Only in an old man's fantasies."
	"Um...so, what are they?"  she asked, looking out at the 
lights in the cavern.
	"They are one Asconian's interpretation of the outcome of 
the Great Balance,"  he told her matter-of-factly.
	Mihoshi blinked, then smiled.  "Neat!"
	The lizard chuckled again.  "Some would not use that word 
to describe them, but, yes, in a way, very neat."
	The lizard turned his head at the sound of approaching 
footsteps.  "Step closer, Detective Mihoshi."
	"Hmm?  Well, okay."  She took a step closer to the cloaked 
Asconian and watched as his simple staff began to glow faintly.  
She looked up and saw two Asconian soldiers running toward them...
	Then right on past as if they hadn't even noticed they were 
there.  The cloaked lizard was silent.  Then, he lifted his head.  
"You're friends are here.  I bid you a good day, Detective."  
	Mihoshi smiled and waved as the lizard turned from her.  
"It was nice talking to you!"
	He stopped and turned back to her.  "A piece of friendly 
advice, Detective Mihoshi.  Leave here.  Leave here soon."
	Mihoshi blinked.  "Um..okay."  She watched him walk off and 
suddenly realized something.  "Hey!  Wait!  How did you know my 
name!?"  He ignored her and walked off.
	"Hmm,"  she said.  "He was nice."
	"Mihoshi!"
	She turned and found Washu and Ssedrey running toward her.
	"HEY!"  Mihoshi cried out with a laugh.  "I found you!"
	Washu ran up, leapt into the air, and grabbed Mihoshi by 
the front of her shirt.  
	"ARE YOU INSANE!?"  the scientist screamed up at her.
	Mihoshi sniffled.  "I'm sorry.  I got lost and...and I ended 
up here...and I...and I...."  Mihoshi began to cry.
	Washu growled.  "I cannot believe you!"
	Ssedrey ignored them.  He was looking out at the cavern and 
the lights below.  He hissed in amazement, the tip of his tail 
flicked from side to side.
	"By Ssiranus the Firstborn,"  he whispered.
	Washu looked up at the sight and gasped in awe.
	"Yeah,"  Mihoshi piped up.  "Great view, isn't it?!"
	Washu gulped.  "Those are...those are..."
	Ssedrey nodded.
	"Those are what?"  Mihoshi asked.
	"Ships,"  Ssedrey told her.  He did a quick count.  "Almost 
twenty of them in various states of construction."
	"A shipyard,"  Washu whispered.  "The whole colony is just 
a big shipyard."  She made her own count.  By the lights on the  
ships, she counted about seven of the large Tidara class battleships 
and about thirteen of the smaller Makira class ships.  It was the 
sight of the smaller ships that filled her with the most dread.  
Though only seventeen kilometers long, the Makira class ship was 
known for its incredible destructive power.
	It was a planet killer.
	Mounted on each one was a larger version of the pulse cannon 
on Ssedrey's ship.  It was capable of firing a blast large enough 
to penetrate into a planet's core and annihilate it.  The planet 
would become unstable, and implode.
	Washu shivered.  There was only one reason to build so many 
Makiras.  "It looks like they're getting ready for an invasion,"  
she commented deadpan.
	Mihoshi blinked.  "Who would want to invade them?"
	Washu sighed.  "That's not what I meant.  I don't think 
they're building these ships to *stop* an invasion..."
	"I think they're preparing to invade someone else."

	"Okay, now think real hard,"  Achi told the little, 
blue-haired princess.
	Sasami closed her eyes and concentrated on the white cube 
in front of her.  The cube was small, just slightly larger than 
an average die.  It sat on the floor between them, seeming to 
take no notice of either of the girls.  Sasami took a breath, her 
tongue stuck out of one corner of her mouth in concentration.
	Slowly, the cube began to turn blue.
	Achi laughed and clapped.  Sasami's eyes shot open.  She 
looked down at the cube, which was now a pale blue.  She grinned.  
"I did it!"
	Achi nodded.  "See?  Told ya."
	The cube was actually a Penzatan children's toy, something 
Ssedrey had picked up last time he was in Penzatan space.  It was 
designed to help train young Penzatans to concentrate.  It was 
made of a material that was very reactive to thought patterns.
	"What can you do with it, Achi?"  Sasami asked.
	Achi stared down at the cube and concentrated.  The blue 
was replaced by white.  Sasami laughed in delight as each side 
of the cube changed to a different color.  Then, the sides quartered 
into four squares each, each square a different color.  Sasami 
watched as the squares of color began to rotate around the sides 
of the cube.
	Suddenly, the cube turned white again.  Sasami looked up to 
see Achi staring at the bulkhead to her right.  Sasami blinked in 
puzzlement.  "Achi?"
	"Uh oh!"  Achi jumped to her feet.
	"What is it?"
	"Trouble.  Come on, we gotta hide!"  Achi helped Sasami to 
her feet.  The two girls grabbed Ryo-Ohki and the Little Kawaii 
Tentacle and started towards the rear of the ship.
	"What is it, Achi?  What's going on?"
	"They're coming for us!"  Achi told her as they searched for 
somewhere to hide.  "They're just outside!"
	Sasami's eyes widened in fear.
	From behind them, they heard the outer hatch open.  "This 
way,"  Achi ordered, dragging the princess into a dimly lit room.  
Sasami looked around and saw a simply furnished room.  A bed, a 
desk and stool, and a small table were the only furnishings.  Two 
odd looking spears were hung on the wall, crossed over one another.  
She also noticed that this room was quite a bit warmer than the 
rest of the ship.  Sweat began to bead up on her forehead.  She 
noticed that Achi was sweating too.
	The little empath pulled a crystalline wand from a pocket in 
her dress and looked down at it.  She looked around the room and 
found another door.  She pulled Sasami toward it.
	"In here."
	The door shut behind them.  Sasami found herself pressed 
against some rather thick garments that had a peculiar smell to 
them.  She realized suddenly that she was in Ssedrey's closet.  
Achi was mashed against her in the tiny space.  Her breathing was 
swift and fearful.  She raised the wand as she scanned the room 
outside with her mind.
	Sasami tensed as she heard heavy footsteps outside the door.  
She quickly turned and deposited Ryo-Ohki and the Little Kawaii 
Tentacle on the ground behind her.  She reached up and took one 
of Ssedrey's cloaks off the hanger and threw it over them.  
	"You two stay quiet," she ordered.  
	Ryo-Ohki miya'd pitifully from beneath the cloak.
	Achi tensed as she sensed someone just outside the door.  
She reached out with her mind and felt it, felt the decision to 
check the door.  She raised the wand...
	The door shot open, and Achi struck.  She screamed and 
reached out with her wand.  The tip of the wand tapped the lizard 
on the head.  With a groan, it fell to the ground, asleep.
	Before Achi could celebrate her victory, another scaly hand 
shot out and grabbed her by the throat.  Another took her by the 
wrist and squeezed.  Achi cried out in pain and dropped the wand.  
The Asconian soldier dragged her out of the closet.  She heard 
Sasami scream as another Asconian grabbed the little princess.  
She kicked at the lizard, who brought her face within inches of 
his own and examined her with a critical, red, eye.
	Achi choked as the Asconian squeezed her neck a little harder.  
He turned her head from side to side, studying her.  The Asconian 
soldier who held Sasami was studying her in a similar manner.  Achi 
heard the lizards speak to one another in their own language.

	"Which is it?"  The one who held Achi asked.
	The other one shook his snout from side to side.  "I do not 
know.  How can you tell them apart?"
	Achi's captor hissed in annoyance.  "One is a princess.  The 
other is not."
	"That doesn't help."
	He hissed again.  "We will take them both.  NeSster will 
know."
	"What about KanviSs?"  the other asked, kicking the sleeping 
Asconian, who was snoring loudly now.
	"Leave him."
	The two soldiers carried the girls down the corridor, 
through the hatch and down the boarding ramp.  The entire time, 
Achi kicked at her assailant.  Sasami struggled as well, but the 
lizards held them tight.
	As they walked down the wrap, they failed to notice that 
someone was watching them from atop the ship itself.
	Failed to notice, that is, until Ssedrey landed behind the 
one holding Sasami and sunk the blade of his vorpolia into the 
lizard's back.  The Asconian screamed and dropped Sasami to the 
floor as he fell to the ground.  The one who held Achi whirled 
around.  He threw the empath to the ground and drew a vorpolia 
of his own.
	Ssedrey adopted a combat stance and waited.  His adversary 
was young and probably faster than Ssedrey, but Ssedrey had skill 
and experience.
	It was over almost as soon as it had begun.
	The soldier charged and swung the vorpolia over his head at 
Ssedrey.  Ssedrey ducked to one side and lashed out with his tail, 
sweeping the lizard off his feet.  A second later and Ssedrey was 
on him.  He placed the razor sharp edge of his vorpolia at his 
adversary's throat and pulled the axe aross the soldier's exposed 
neck.  He leaped off the Asconian and watched as the lizard thrashed 
around on the ground as it bled to death.  He turned away from the 
sight and found Washu and Mihoshi kneeling over Achi and Sasami, 
helping them up.
	"Are you all right?"  he asked.
	Achi massaged her throat and nodded.  
	"Yeah,"  Sasami added.
	"What happened?"  Washu asked.
	Sasami and Achi took turns explaining what happened aboard 
the Talon of the Blood Mist.  When they were done, Ssedrey 
narrowed his eyes.
	"So, there is one more aboard the ship?"
	Achi and Sasami nodded.
	"Remain here."  Ssedrey entered the ship while the others 
watched on and waited.  There were several hisses and sharp, 
guttural barks.  Then the sound of something being thrown against 
the bulkhead.  Ssedrey reappeared a few moments later carrying 
Ryo-Ohki and the Little Kawaii Tentacle in his arms.
	"Ryo-Ohki!"  Sasami cried as she ran up to Ssedrey.
	"LKT!"  Achi cried as she ran up to Ssedrey.
	As Sasami and Achi hugged their friends, Washu turned to 
Ssedrey.  "We have to warn someone about this."
	Ssedrey nodded.  "But who?  We don't know who they intend 
to invade."
	"Jurai seems to be the obvious choice."
	Ssedrey nodded, but paused as another thought occurred to 
him.  "No, not Jurai.  Asconia."
	Washu blinked.  "But...this is an *Asconian* colony."
	Ssedrey turned to her.  "Ask yourself, WaSshu.  Why create 
more ships to invade Jurai?  Our military is already advanced 
enough to take Jurai easily, so why create more ships....and why 
create them in secret?"
	Washu took a breath.  "Coup de'tat."
	Ssedrey nodded.  "They wish to incite rebellion."
	Mihoshi spoke up.  "So let's call Ssedrey's planet and tell 
them!"
	Ssedrey hissed in annoyance.  "We cannot.  The subspace 
antennae was destroyed during our escape from Earth."
	Washu thought on this.  "What about the colony transmitter?"
	The lizard nodded in thought.  "Possible, but difficult."
	"Do we have a choice?"  Washu asked.
	"No."
	"Then let's go."
	Ssedrey nodded and turned to the two girls.  "Perhaps, you 
should stay behind."
	Achi pointed at the dead lizards nearby.  "No thanks."
	He nodded.  "Then remain close."

	RiSstas listened to the soldier's report in his office.  As 
the Asconian soldier told them how he found the bodies of three 
other soldiers in the docking bay, but no sign of Ssedrey or his 
companions, the lizard standing next to the elder hissed and spat 
angrily.
	"Leave!  Get out of my sight before I kill you!"
	The soldier dipped his snout submissively and practically 
ran from the room.
	ReSstis hissed between his fangs.  He addressed the lizard 
standing next to him.
	"NeSster, you assured me we would not be compromised."
	NeSster turned to the MaSsas.  "An unforseen occurrence."
	RiSstas' eyes narrowed.  "An occurrence which must not reach 
the ears of the homeworld."
	"They will be found."
	The elder's voice dropped a degree.  "They had better."
	"Where can they possibly hide?"
	"They will not,"  ReSstis told him after a moment's thought.  
"They will attempt to intervene.  And in order to do that, they 
will need to send a message."
	NeSster was already heading out the door as ReSstis finished 
this comment.  "The transmitter!"

	Once again dressed in cloaks, the group made their way to the 
colony's communication center.  As they entered, the group found 
two more Asconian soldiers guarding the antechamber that led to the 
subspace communicator itself.
	One of them noticed the approaching group and gestured to 
his companion.  They unslung their pulse rifles and started 
forward.
	"When I move,"  Ssedrey whispered, "Duck."  
	Ssedrey walked ahead of them, towards the guards.  He gave 
them an Asconian smile.  Their weapons were unslung, but not quite 
pointed at him....
	Yet.
	He dipped his snout to them in greeting and bowed, folding 
his right hand over his chest.  As he did this, he touched a 
hidden switch on a ring he wore on his right hand.  With a soft 
'click' a shortened vorpolia, only half the size of a standard 
weapon, emerged from his right sleeve and found its way into his 
palm.  As the guards began to tense, Ssedrey slashed out with the 
weapon, catching the closer guard in the throat.  The guard 
gurgled and stumbled back, dropping his rifle.
	The other guard brought his weapon up and fired, but Ssedrey 
was no longer there.  He dove to one side and flung the short axe 
at him.  The vorpolia's blade embedded itself in the guard's face.  
The guard screamed and dropped his rifle, his hands going to his 
face.  The lizard's scream trailed off as he crashed to the floor.
	Ssedrey stood up and checked to see if the others were all 
right.  They had listened to him and gotten on the floor when the 
shooting started.  H watched them climb to their feet.
	"Come, this way."  
	As he started for the door, he heard a voice behind him call 
out.
	"Stop!"
	He whirled around and saw ten more Asconians standing at the 
doorway they had come through.  The leader who had shouted at him 
stood out front.  His feathery mane was shaved on either side of 
his head, and one of his fangs had been knocked out.  He held no 
weapon, but the other lizards were pointing pulse rifles at them.
	"Surrender, *prey*!"  the leader demanded.
	Ssedrey hissed at the insult.  "Surrender is for the meek!"
	NeSster smiled.  "Pity.  I almost wish we were alone so that 
I might deal with you personally.  However, I do not take such 
risks."
	Ssedrey's eyes narrowed.  "You would not survive."
	"I guess we'll never know."
	Suddenly, the Asconians around NeSster began to glow.  They 
looked to one another in fear as they began to...change.  The cried 
out as they got shorter, their snouts flattened, and their green 
scales were replaced by a aquamarine flesh.
	Ssedrey and NeSster watched in shock as the other Asconians 
were changed into water sprites.
	Ssedrey threw a look at Washu, who was typing at her holotop 
and grinning evilly at NeSster.  "How's that?"  she asked evilly.
	NeSster's face fell.  
	He didn't have time to wonder how she had done it.  In that 
split second, Ssedrey was on him.  NeSster hissed and barred his 
fang as he struggled with the former Guardsman.
	The two stepped back to get fighting room, their tails 
swished back and forth behind them.  NeSster reached behind him 
and drew a long, thin-bladed assassin's knife.  Ssedrey followed 
suit and pulled a vorpolia from its sheath on his back.
	The water sprites that were once Asconian guards hopped up 
and down and quacked violently as the two lizards fought.  NeSster 
slashed out with the knife, but Ssedrey leapt back and landed ten 
feet away.  He charged the Assassin, swinging the vorpolia around 
in two quick slashes.  The first NeSster dodged, the second was 
stopped cold as the Assassin reached out and snagged Ssedrey's wrist 
with his left hand.  NeSster brought the knife up.
	Ssedrey hissed in annoyance and hit a switch on his left ring 
finger.  Another short vorpolia emerged from his left sleeve and 
landed in Ssedrey's palm.  He slashed out and cut into NeSster's 
chest.  NeSster cried out and jumped pack.  He checked the wound 
on his chest and found blood seeping from the long cut across his 
midsection.
	Ssedrey didn't wait for him to recover.  He leapt forward 
and spun, lashing out with his tail.  It struck NeSster in the 
side of the head, knocking the Assassin to the ground.  Ssedrey 
growled and leapt on top of him, dropping his vorpolias as he did.  
He took the stunned Assassin's head in his hands and pinned his 
arms to the ground with his knees.  NeSster looked up at him in 
fear.  Ssedrey hissed in contempt.
	"An Asconian without honor is no Asconian at all!" he spat.  
Then, summoning the power in his arms, he jerked NeSster's head 
to one side and broke his neck.  
	Ssedrey stood up and turned to find that Washu and Mihoshi, 
along with Sasami and Achi were rounding up the water sprites and 
placing them in a portable forcefield Washu had created.
	"Come!  There isn't much time!"  Ssedrey raced to the 
communications room, the others hot on his heels.  He opened the 
door and stepped inside...
	To find a single Asconian in a cloak sitting at the 
communications terminal.  Ssedrey blinked in shock.  He recognized 
the man.
	Apparently, so did Mihoshi.  
	"Oh, hey!  It's you again!"
	The Asconian chuckled to himself.  "Ssedrey, my boy.  You 
look as if someone walked over your burial mound."
	"Lord Drakna?"
	Behind him, Achi tugged on Ssedrey's cloak.  "Ssedrey, I 
can't *sense* him,"  she whispered.
	The elderly Asconian, Drakna, laughed.  "You have not changed.  
Still the same impetuous little lizard I remember so well."  He 
turned to Washu.  "And how are you, Little WaSshu?"
	Washu shrugged as if seeing Drakna there were the most 
natural thing in the world.  "I'm okay.  You seem spry enough for 
a man who's supposed to be dead."
	Drakna chuckled again.  "I get around."  He faced Mihoshi 
now.  "And you, young lady, did not heed my advice.  You should 
not be here.  You should go.  Quickly."
	"Lord Drakna, the colony..."
	Drakna waved for Ssedrey to be silent.  "Taken care of, I 
assure you.  Why else would I be here?"
	Ssedrey's eyes widened.  "How long?"
	"Ohhhhhhhh......twenty minutes, maybe."
	Ssedrey's jaw dropped.
	"I suggest you hurry,"  Drakna told them.
	"Um....What's going..."  Before Sasami could finish the 
question, Ssedrey had grabbed her, Achi, and Washu and was running 
for the exit.  Mihoshi turned back to Drakna and waved.  
	"Bai bai!  It was nice seeing you agai-whoops!"  This last 
part was said as Ssedrey grabbed her by the shoulder and pulled her 
along. 
	Ssedrey ran as fast as he could.  Washu clung to his neck 
while Sasami and Achi were being carried under either arm, both 
of them clutching at Ryo-ohki and LKT respectively.  Mihoshi ran 
beside him, the only one who could  keep up with Ssedrey's quick 
pace.
	"Ssedrey, who was that?!"  Achi asked as the lizard ran.
	"Lord Drakna,"  the lizard panted.  "Once Emperor of my 
world.  He was a great sorceror and a respected leader.  One day, 
he disappeared.  There were those who say he merged with his powers, 
became a creature of light and shadow rather than scale and bone.  
They say he observes the Great Balance of Destiny, interfering only 
when the Balance is in danger of losing its equilibrium."
	"You mean he's a ghost?"  Sasami asked.
	Ssedrey turned a corner and continued to run.  "After a 
fashion," he said, realizing how stupid it must sound. 
	"I see,"  Sasami said.  Ssedrey blinked at how quickly 
Sasami seemed to believe it.  Of course, he had no way of knowing 
about Sasami's own experiences in the legendary Sargasso Sea.
	"So why...(pant pant)..are we running, Ssedrey?!"  Mihoshi 
whined.
	"We have twenty minutes before the end of everything here!"

	As they entered the Talon of the Blood Mist, Ssedrey dropped 
his charges and went to the forward compartment, firing up the 
engines.  Washu got up and shook her head.  "What do you mean, 
'the end of everything here?'"
	Ssedrey was rather busy in the cockpit, and so had only 
time for a rather annoyed reply.  "Must I draw you a diagram!?  
The end!  This place will no longer exist!  Now, strap in!  We 
have little time!"
	As the others strapped in, Ssedrey throttled up and lifted 
the Talon off the landing pad.  The dome, programmed to open when 
a lift off was detected, split apart obediently.  Ssedrey pointed 
the ship at the sky and throttled up to full.

	On board the Preymaker, a young sensor officer turned to 
Captain Ekra.  
	"A ship is leaving the surface.  Sensors indicate it is the 
Talon of the Blood Mist."
	Ekra hissed and took his seat in his command chair.  "Power 
weapons, target the vessel and fire as soon as it is withi..."
	"SPACE FOLD DETECTED!  ZERO-ONE-ZERO MARK THREE-ONE-FIVE!"
	Ekra spun in his chair.  "WHAT!?"  He checked his board and 
gasped as a Makira class warship emerged from hyperspace.  The 
small warship angled towards the Preymaker. 
	"Pulse field detected!"
	Ekra's eyes went wide.  "Shields!  SHIELDS!"
	The Makira fired its pulse weapon.  The Preymaker was struck 
dead on, the pulse moving up the entire length of the ship.  By 
the time it dissipated, there was nothing left of the Preymaker.  
No wreckage, no bodies, just nothing.
	Absolutely nothing.
	
	Ssedrey and the others watched as the Makira began to turn 
toward the colony.  A glow emitted from the ship's forward end, 
intesifying until, suddenly, another pulse flew from the ship, 
striking the planet's surface.  It seemed as if a great hole were 
being burrowed into the planet's crust.  Molten rock flowed up 
from this hole and began to spread across the surface.  Soon, the 
world itself was on fire, the rim of the planet began to melt like 
wax.
	Ssedrey hit the hyperdrive initiator, and the Talon of the 
Blood Mist left the beleaguered world to die alone.

	It took them an hour before any of them could speak.  The 
sight they had just seen had awed even Washu into a sense of 
humility.  When she finally did speak, it was a question.
	"What do we do now?"
	"We must find the others,"  Ssedrey told her.
	"How, Ssedrey,"  Achi asked.
	Ssedrey tried to put on a hopeful expression.  "It should 
not be difficult.  After all, *they* are looking for *us* as well."  
They didn't seem convinced.  "And we have a place to start 
looking."  
	"We do?"  Sasami asked.
	Ssedrey nodded.  "If I know Cavis and Davner, they will 
undoubtedly try to make contact with us back at the Chapel."
	"The Chapel?"  Mihoshi asked.  "A church?"
	Ssedrey shook his head.  "Chapel is what we call our hideout.  
It is our only true sanctuary.  Not even the GP know of it."
	"Well, then,"  Washu said with conviction.  "What are we 
waiting for?!  Let's get going!"
	"Yeah!"  Sasami and Achi piped up.
	Mihoshi adopted a serious look.  "Hang on, brave Kiyone!  
Detective First Class Mihoshi is *on her way*!"
	Ryo-Ohki miya'd her cheer, and LKT gurgled while hopping 
up and down on its base, it being just a tentacle without a body.
	Ssedrey set about altering their course.  As he did, he 
half turned to Washu.  
	"You seemed to know Lord Drakna, Little WaSshu,"  he 
commented.
	Washu shrugged and grinned.  "You'd be surprised at what 
I know... Ssedrey of the Royal Guard."
	Ssedrey's eyes widened, his head whipped around in shock 
to look at her.  Washu's grin intensified.  
	"*Very* surprised,"  she repeated and walked into the aft 
compartment.
	Ssedrey blinked after and sighed.  "One day, Little WaSshu, 
I am going to figure you out."
	Until then, however, he had work to do.  He made the final 
course corrections and sat back in his chair, watching the stars 
go by.

Author's Notes:

Well, that's it for this part.  I'd like to thank my prereaders, 
Cav and Meg for giving me badly needed help in the course of this 
series. 

Any and all C&C is welcome.  Please send your comments to:

Thomas "009" Doscher
doscher009@hotmail.com 