Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC and Pioneer LDC.  The author owns
only the writing.  Ssedrey is the property of Daniel Powell and is
being used in this fic with his consent.  I'd like to thank Cav and
Meg for prereading this fic for me.  Thanks guys!  ^_^
On with the fic!


Destiny's Balance part 7:  The Balance is Tipped


	Tenchi paced back in forth in the corridor outside of Ryoko's
room.  Washu had been in there with Ryoko for almost two hours with
no word.  Ayeka rested her hand on his shoulder and squeezed, trying
to comfort him.
	"I'm sure she'll be okay," she told him.  "Ms. Washu is the
greatest scientific genius in the universe."  She smiled.  "And
despite the fact that it is a totally self granted title, she's
never given us any reason to suggest that she was anything other
than that.  She'll help Ryoko."
	Tenchi wasn't about to be comforted so easily.  The other
members of the gang, Ayeka, Mihoshi, Sasami, Meg, Ryo-Ohki, as well
as Misaki, Nagi, and Kamidake watched as Tenchi paced.  "I should've
seen it.  I should've seen that something was wrong.  Why didn't I
*see* it!?"
	"Try to calm down, Tenchi,"  Cavis said quietly.  "You'll just
end up killing yourself."
	"I should've seen it,"  he repeated.
	"Please, Tenchi,"  Mihoshi said quietly, "I'm sure she'll be
okay."
	"She was just lying there,"  he said in a haunted whisper.
"She was so afraid..."
	"Davner,"  Cavis prompted.
	"Come on, lad,"  Davner said, picking up on the cue, "Let's go
get you a drink."  He took Tenchi by the shoulder and started to
lead him away.  Tenchi pulled away from him.
	"I'm not leaving!" he said.
	Davner held out his hand.  "Okay, lad, okay."
	"Tenchi?"
	They all turned to see Washu stepping out of Ryoko's room,
closing the door behind her.
	"Little Washu?"  Tenchi asked, fearfully.
	Washu took a breath and said, "She's...resting."
	"Washu,"  Tenchi began, on the verge of tears.  "What's wrong?
Tell me, please!"
	Washu reached out and took his hand.  "Tenchi...it's serious.
Very serious.  You'd better brace yourself."
	"Washu!  Please!  Just tell me!  What's wrong with Ryoko!  Tell
me what's going on!"
	Washu sighed and nodded solemnly.  "Very well."  She stared up
at him with serious, green eyes...
	And suddenly embraced him!
	"Congragulations, *DADDY*!"
	Tenchi went white.
	Achi and Sasami gasped.  "'Daddy?!'"
	Ayeka's eyes went wide.  "D..Daddy?"
	"That's right!"  Washu said, grinning from ear to ear.
"Ryoko's gonna have a baby!"
	Cavis patted him on the back.  "All right!  Way to slip one
past the goalie, Tenchi!"
	"B..b...b...b..."  Tenchi sputtered.  "Baby?"
	Washu grinned and nodded.
	Tenchi fainted, but before he could hit the ground, Ssedrey
grabbed him by the head and held him up.  Tenchi managed to hold onto
consciousness, barely.
	Washu shook her head ruefully.  "I should've seen the symptoms."
	"What symptoms?"  Tenchi asked.  "I didn't see any symptoms."
	"She says she blew up at some Jurain woman..."
	"Yeah, Matiko, but that doesn't mean..."
	"Actually,"  Washu said, "That's a pretty big clue right there."
	"Huh?"
	Washu sighed.  "Tenchi, you're still running under the illusion
that under all the outward differences, Ryoko is exactly like any
other human, when in reality there are very real differences between
your species and her's."  She grinned evilly.  "For all you know,
Ryoko could be like a big praying mantis..."
	An image of Ryoko making love to him, suddenly cutting off his
head, and eating it popped into his head.  He shuddered.
	"Lucky for you, she's not, but the two of you should've come
to me when you first decided to er...consumate your relationship."
	"I'm afraid I don't understand."
	"Okay, let me explain it to you.  She blew up at this woman,
right?"  Tenchi nodded.  "Ryoko's people mate for life.  She would've
been jealous regardless, but in her condition, her hormones have
kicked up her emotions and natural protective instincts."
	Tenchi blinked.  "That...kinda makes sense..."
	"She bit you, right?"  He nodded again.  "That's an instinct
that goes back a few thousand years.  It's just a love bite.  Once
again, it's her natural instincts kicking in."
	Ayeka snapped her fingers.  "Ms. Washu..."  Washu shot her a
look.  "Er...Little Washu...Ryoko *has* been acting rather odd lately.
She's been *stealing* paintings out of the palace hallways..."
	Washu smiled.  "I saw them.  Nice pieces.  She told me they
'soothe her.'"
	Tenchi nodded.  "That's what she told me."
	Washu nodded.  "Women of Ryoko's species and condition like
to surround themselves with comforting things.  Statues, family
pictures, friends and family..."  she gestured to the room,
"Artwork."  She grinned again.  "She's nesting."
	"Nesting?"  Cavis asked.
	"Yup!"
	"Wait a second,"  Davner asked.  "Why didn't she tell Tenchi
she was pregnant?"
	Washu blinked at him.  "Because she didn't know."  Davner gave
her a blank look.  "I think Ayeka and Cavis can best help me answer
your question."  The two people in question blinked in puzzlement.
"Ayeka, how old were you and Ryoko when you first met?"
	"Oh, well...very young.  Maybe Sasami's age or a little
younger."
	"You met here on Jurai, right?"  Ayeka nodded.  "And Cavis, you
met here when she was what?  Fourteen?  Fifteen?"
	"Yeah, that's about right."
	"Ryoko didn't realize what was happening to her because she
had no frame of reference.  She lost her parents and left her home
planet when she was very young.  She hasn't even *seen* another
member of her species for years.  All she knew about pregnancy was
what she's seen on TV."
	Tenchi remembered the time just after meeting her when Ryoko
pretended to be pregnant with Tenchi's child, a child that turned
out to be Ryo-Ohki.  Ryoko had said that she had a craving for
'pickles and ice cream.'  It had been a very human cliche.
	"She had no idea what was happening to her, and she was too
afraid to ask someone for help,"  Washu continued.  She shook her
head in awe.  "She must have been terrified when she began to lose
her powers."
	They looked at her in shock.
	"Why would she lose her powers, Ms. Washu?"  Sasami asked.
	Washu faced the tiny princess and explained seriously.  "Well,
Sasami, when a woman like Ryoko is going to have a baby, all the
power that lets her fly and teleport is redirected to the baby in
order to keep it strong and safe."
	"Ryoko is going to have a baby..."
	They all turned to the source of the voice.  Nagi was leaning
against the wall.  "A baby," she mused.  Suddenly she burst out in
laughter.  The bounty hunter doubled over, laughing hysterically.
"Ryoko!"  She broke off laughing, "Changing diapers!"  More laughter.
"Wiping noses!  *BREAST FEEDING*!"  She fell to her knees, clutching
her stomach, unable to control her laughter.
	"Well!"  Misaki broke in.  "I think it's something worth
celebrating!"
	"Wait a sec!"  Tenchi interrupted.  "Why did she pass out?"
	Washu's face fell.  "It cuts both ways, Tenchi.  You weren't
prepared for her physiology, and she wasn't prepared for yours.
There will be complications.  Keep in mind that the child within her
is part Ryoko's species, part human, and part Jurain...that's
*a lot* of DNA problems just waiting to happen."
	The group went silent.
	Washu smiled.  "But now that she's in the capable hands of THE
GREATEST SCIENTIFIC GENIUS IN THE UNIVERSE, there's nothing to worry
about!"
	The chibi Washu's appeared on either shoulder.
	"Washu is the greatest obstetrician in the universe!"
	"The greatest!"
	The two produced pom poms.  "G-R-E-A-T-E-S-T!  WA-SHU!
WA-SHU!"
	Washu cackled.
	"Can I see her?"  Tenchi asked.
	Washu smiled and nodded.  "This way, Tenchi."  She led him
into her room, behind them, they could still hear Nagi laughing
hysterically.  Ryoko was sitting up in bed, several monitoring
terminals surrounded her, showing her vital signs.
	Ryoko looked up and smiled at him.  "Tenchi."
	He walked up and took her hand, kneeling beside her bed.  He
gave her a reassuring smile.  "Hey there."
	"Hi," she said with a smile.
	Tenchi didn't know what to say, didn't have a clue as to what
would even come close to appropriate.  Finally, he just said what
popped into his head.
	"We're gonna have a baby!"
	She grinned.  "What's this 'we' stuff?  I don't see you lying
in a bed."
	His smile slipped.  "I'm sorry."
	She reached out and caressed his cheek.  "I was just kidding."
	"What do we do now?"
	"I have no idea," she told him.
	"Well...at least we have nine months to get ready,"  he told
her.
	Washu cleared her throat and mumbled.  "Four months."
	They looked at her in shock.
	"Four?"  Tenchi whispered.
	Washu chuckled nervously.  "Um...Did I forget to mention
that?"
	"But..."
	Washu shook her head.  "You're still thinking in human terms.
Ryoko's species has a gestation period of about four point five
months.  Better get crack'n on building that nursery, Tenchi."
	Tenchi face faulted.

	"I can't believe it,"  Cavis said with a shake of his head.
"Our little Ryoko...a mommy."
	This was met by another outburst of laughter from Nagi.
	Ken-Ohki hopped off her shoulder and scampered over to where
Ryo-Ohki and LKT were sitting.
	"Ciao!"
	"Miya!"
	The two snuggled together.  LKT gurgled in puzzlement.  Nagi
reached down and grabbed her starship.  "Oh, no you don't!  I'm not
letting you hop into the same boat Tenchi's in."
	"Ciao," he said sadly.
	"Well, this certainly changes things,"  Davner told Cavis as
this was happening.  "What now?"
	Cavis sighed.  "I don't know.  We got De in a room downstairs.
I'm not sure we can trust him."
	"I'm not sure we have a choice,"  Davner told him.
	Cavis nodded.
	"Well, I say we have a celebratory breakfast!"  Misaki said.
	"Um...Mother, it's only three o'clock in the morning,"  Ayeka
pointed out.
	It was true.  Those that had gone to Vankovsky's were still
dressed, but the others were all in sleep wear.
	Misaki thought for a moment.  "Quite right, Ayeka."  She turned
and started down the hall.  "I'll go wake the kitchen staff."
	Davner laughed.  "Same o'l Misy."
	"Davner tan, I expect to see you there."
	Davner bit his lip.  "Actually, I have to go.  There are some
things I have to do back at the ship..."
	"Davner tan,"  Misaki said, crossing her arms over her chest,
"Are you avoiding us?"
	Ayeka cast her eyes to the floor.  The others watched the
confrontation with interest.
	"'Course not, Misy."  He coughed into a handkerchief.  "But
I'm afraid I have a pressing engagement.  Bad timing is all."
	"You're coming to breakfast,"  Misaki told him.
	"Misy..."
	"Mihoshi.  Kamidake.  You will escort him to the dining hall."
	"Yes, Your Majesty,"  Kamidake answered.
	"Now, I must go and wake the kitchen staff.  See you at
breakfast!"  She started down the hall.
	Davner smiled and coughed into the handkerchief again.  "Please
pass my regrets along to Misy,"  he said as he turned to go.
Kamidake stood in his way.  Davner paused.
	Kamidake pointed down the hall, towards the dining room.
"This way, Lord Mollidon."
	Davner cleared his throat nervously.  "'Course."
	Cavis shook his head ruefully.  In all the years he had known
Davner, he never would have guessed that his friend had connections
in the royal family, let alone that he was royalty himself.
	The others started down the corridor.  Cavis knocked gently
on the door and opened it.  Tenchi and Ryoko were holding hands,
cuddling.  Washu was working off to the side, running a few tests
on Ryoko's physiology.
	"Hey, Washu," he whispered, reluctant to disturb the two of
them.  "We're heading to the kitchen for breakfast before we sack
out.  Wanna come?"
	Washu smiled.  "Yeah.  They need some time alone, anyway."  The
two left the room.

	"Ten Jurai says the kid is picking pockets before it's three,"
Nagi said as she took a sip of coffee.
	"I'll take that bet,"  Davner said.
	"Davner!"  Ayeka chastised him.
	"What?  It's easy money!  A three year old can't even reach
a back pocket!"
	Misaki sat back and watched the group before her as they ate.
She was glad her daughters had such friends.  She threw a look to
Kamidake and Mihoshi, sitting next to one another and laughing
together.  She was a nice girl.  She hoped Kamidake had enough sense
to do something about it.
	Cavis and Meg were sitting together as well.  Misaki smiled.
Despite his efforts to hide it, Misaki had been well briefed on his
past by the SIS.  No matter what the Galaxy Police might say, she
would not look on him as a murderer.
	Sasami and Achi were feeding Ryo-Ohki and LKT parts of their
breakfast.  The two girls had become the closest of friends.  While
this made Misaki happy, this happiness was curbed by the knowledge
that they would not be able to grow up together.  Sasami would get
older while Achi remained young.  They would not be able to enter
college together, or double date.  Eventually, they would grow
apart.
	She looked over at Davner, sitting between Nagi and the Queen's
eldest daughter.  She hadn't seen him in years, not since his wedding
to Elsa.  His sister had been her closest friend and confidant.  She
hadn't even know he was still alive before a week ago.  Now that he
was back, it was like being reunited with a long lost brother.
	She wished that he wasn't constantly running off.  She got the
distinct impression he was avoiding the palace lately.
	"Okay, Cav, what's the next move?"  Davner asked.
	The pirate leader looked up.  "Sleep.  We could all use it."
	"I meant afterwards."
	"I think I have an idea," he told them.  "De is willing to
give us the locations of ships and bases around the quadrant."
	"What about the Assassins already on Jurai?"  Kamidake asked.
	"That's your job,"  Cavis told him.
	"Why go after other Assassins at all?"  Ayeka asked.  "Aren't
the ones here a bigger threat?"
	Cavis nodded.  "But they're not expecting us to go after
*them*.  Also, if we attack their bases, it might draw some of the
heat off of *you*."
	"Meanwhile..."  Mihoshi mused, "The rest of us go after the
ones here on the planet!"
	Cavis nodded.  "They were after De at Vankovsky's, which means
anything he might've known about their operation here has been
changed.  We might be able to force their hand."
	"Unfortunately," Washu pointed out, "Given Ryoko's condition,
she can't help us.  I have to stay here to watch out for her, so
that's two of us down."
	Cavis nodded.  "Yeah, I know."  He looked at Nagi.  "Nagi?"
	"You want me to help you hunt down Assassins?"  Cavis nodded.
"Why should I?"
	"Money,"  Davner answered immediately.  "Last I recall, you're
still a bounty hunter."
	"I don't know," Nagi said, "The bounties on Assassins aren't
as high as I had hoped."
	Misaki stood up.  "By the power of the Jurain crown, I hereby
place a bounty of one hundred thousand Jurai for every confirmed
Assassin brought to justice or killed in the pursuit of justice."
	"That's all I needed to hear,"  Nagi told Cavis.
	"Ciao!"  Ken-Ohki added.
	"Great!  When do we leave?"  Achi asked.
	"No, little one,"  Davner told her, "You're staying here."
	"WHAT!?"  The empath glared at Davner.  "Why!?  You need me!
Who else can sniff out Assassins, huh?"
	Davner got up and motioned for her to follow.  Achi obeyed,
her arms crossed over her chest as she gave him angry looks.  He
knelt down to eye level with her.
	"That's exactly why you have to stay, little one," he whispered.
"We're leaving Ryoko and the princesses here.  Who else is gonna
protect them?"
	Achi arched an eyebrow.  "Oh, puh-leeeeeaaaassseee!  Do you
really think I'm *that* easy to patronize!?"
	"I'm not," he told her.  "I want you to stay close to them.
If another Assassin sneaks into the palace, you'll be able to tell."
Achi looked unsure.  "Unless you want to leave Ryoko and the baby's
safety to the grandiose Imperial Guard."  He nodded to Mihoshi, who
was trying to balance a chopstick on the end of her nose.
	"OK, point taken,"  Achi relented.
	"I'll send you a postcard."
	"Hmmph!"
	"When do we leave?"  Nagi asked.
	"As soon as De comes up with a list for us."

	Tenchi lay next to Ryoko and cuddled up to her.  Ryoko smiled.
	"How do you feel?"  Tenchi asked.  They had spent the last
several hours just lying next to one another, holding hands.  Washu
had come in and explained Cavis' plan to them, but they were so far
beyond caring, it barely registered.
	"Hmmm,"  Ryoko murmurred.  She turned to him and kissed him
gently.
	"Dad is going to *flip*."  Tenchi said with a grin.
	Ryoko laughed and held him possessively.  She nuzzled his neck.
"*My* Tenchi," she whispered happily.
	"Your Tenchi," he confirmed, kissing her forehead.
	They held each other a bit longer.  Tenchi broke the silence.
	"What do you think of Cavis' plan?"
	Ryoko paused.  "Cavis always was a little...zealous."
	Tenchi said nothing for a moment.  Then,
	"I think I should go with them."
	Ryoko turned to him fearfully.  "Tenchi?"
	He looked into her eyes and squeezed her hand.  "Those
Assassins aren't just after Ayeka and Sasami," he told her,
"They're after me too.  And your friends are putting their lives on
the line for me."
	She shook her head.  "Tenchi, it's okay.  Really, it is."
	"It's not okay,"  he told her.  "I can't let people take risks
for me that I'm not willing to take myself."
	She gripped him in fear.  "Tenchi, please!  Don't go!"
	Tenchi kissed her.  "I have to.  It's never going to be safe
for us unless I know for sure that they're gone."
	Ryoko looked away from him.
	"Ryoko?"
	"If you don't come back," she told him, "I am going to be so
*pissed* at you."
	He hugged her close.  "I'll be back before you know it."
	"I'm coming with you," she told him.
	"No, you're not."
	"Tenchi!"
	"Doctor's orders, remember?"  Tenchi told her.  "Washu says
you need to stay here."
	"Please, Tenchi?"  she begged.  "I'm okay.  Really!"
	"You stay here," he told her quietly.  "There's someone else
you have to think about now."
	"You too," she said.  She kissed him.  "So come back soon."

	Davner watched three more Jurain Guardsmen march up the ramp
into the Violet Cloud.  The gang was splitting up and striking at
Assassin bases, so the Queen had granted them a little extra
firepower.  Cavis walked up to him and handed him a datapad.
	"Target list,"  Cavis told him.  "Ssedrey is going after the
base in the Orsini system.  Tenchi, Meg, and I are going after the
one in Morphia.  I want you to hit a base in the Darganells Belt."
	Davner raised the handkerchief to his lips and coughed into it
as he read the pad.
	"It's a small base, so it shouldn't be a problem.  De says that
they only keep three or four Assassins there at any one time..."  He
looked up and saw Davner staring at the handkerchief.  "Dav?  You
okay?"
	Davner looked up and folded the handkerchief.  "Huh?"  he
asked.  "Um...three or four...got it."
	Cavis stared at him.  "Um, Dav.  I was thinking.  Maybe you
should stay behind."
	Davner blinked.  "What for?"
	Cavis looked uncomfortable.  He wanted to tell his friend that
it was okay to stay behind, to look after Ayeka, but he didn't want
to bring up bad feelings Davner might rather prefer be left alone.
	Davner saw something different in his tone.  "Cav, I know I've
screwed up in the past, but I can handle it."
	"I didn't mean it like that,"  Cavis said quickly.
	"I can handle it,"  Davner repeated.
	Cavis met his glare and nodded.  "Okay.  Keep in touch."
	Davner nodded, and Cavis walked off.
	"Davner."
	He turned and saw Misaki approach, flanked by two of her guards.
She hugged the pirate and patted his back.  "Davner tan.  You be
careful."
	"I will, Misy.  I will."  He sounded a little distant.
	"Davner tan," she said, "Has something happened?  I apologize
for my husband for the way he behaved that night.  If he's the
reason..."
	He took her by the shoulders and kissed her cheek.  "I'll talk
to you when I get back, okay?"
	She nodded.  "Very well.  Be careful, Davner tan."  With that,
she turned and left.
	Davner swallowed nervously and cleared his throat with a slight
grimace of pain.  He had people depending on him.  Cavis, Misaki...
	Ayeka.
	He couldn't afford to let them down again.
	He took a breath and looked at the handkerchief, at the specks
of blood there.
	No matter what the cost.

	Ryoko was hanging on Tenchi, afraid to let him go.  Only half
of it stemmed from her protective instincts.  Cavis grinned at the
spectacle.  Tenchi wasn't trying to push her away, but was trying
to maneuver the pirate so that he could read the datapad Cavis had
given him.
	Nagi approached him and reached out for her own pad.  Cavis
handed it to her.  "The Brosna system."
	The bounty hunter read over the data and nodded.
	"How many Jurains are you taking with you?"
	"None,"  Nagi told him flatly.  Cavis arched an eyebrow.  "I
work alone."  With that, Nagi walked off to find a clear place to
allow Ken-Ohki to transform.
	"Mr. Darktower."  Cavis turned and found the Queen standing
there.  "The hopes of Jurai go with you.  Good luck."
	Cavis grinned.  "We'll be back before you know it."

	"I'm telling you!"  Ryoko growled.  "I don't want it!  I don't
need a babysitter!"
	Misaki's eyes narrowed.  "Look here, missy,"  she said, "I can
either have my guards take you back to your room and sedate you so
you get some rest, or you can sit down, drink the damn juice, and
look radiant!"  The matriarch held out the glass of juice to the
pirate.
	Ryoko glared.  "Fine."  She took the juice and sat down under
the canopy in the courtyard.  Misaki beamed.  Ayeka sat next to her,
sipping her tea.  It had been two weeks since Tenchi and the others
had left.  Tenchi had kept in constant touch, calling Ryoko twice a
day from the Megami.
	Ryoko was going out of her mind.  She was so bored she could
scream.  First of all, her powers were steadily weakening.  She
didn't dare fly for fear of falling from the sky like she almost
did that night she and Tenchi went out on their date.  Secondly, she
was trapped at the palace while the Queen played nursemaid to her.
Third...Ayeka was having far too much fun with this...
	"Yes, Ryoko," she said with a grin, "Drink your juice like a
good girl."  Ryoko growled.  "You know, Ryoko,"  Ayeka said evilly,
"I think I can actually *see* you getting fat."  It was true.  Ryoko
was already starting to show.
	Ryoko grit her teeth and turned on the Princess.  "Who you
calling fat, little princess?!"
	Ayeka smiled.  "Now, now, Ryoko.  Calm down.  I was just
teasing."  Ryoko hmmph'd and turned away.  Ayeka grinned, cleared
her throat, and...
	"MOOOOOOO!"
	Ryoko's eyes flashed angrily.
	"Ayeka!"  Misaki chastised her daughter.  "That's not the
way to treat a woman in Ryoko's delicate condition!"  Ayeka blinked
in surprise.  Ryoko grinned and stuck her tongue out at Ayeka.
"Now go and get more juice for Ryoko!"
	Both girls facefaulted.
	"Your Majesty!  A messenger has arrived!"  The women looked up
to find a guard escorting a man in a Jurain Naval uniform.  As they
approached, Achi jumped up and stood in front of them.  She stared at
the messenger for a moment before nodding and letting them pass.  The
messenger handed a datapad to Misaki, who read over it with interest.
	"Hmmm...Ssedrey has destroyed the base at Orsini."
	"That's good news,"  Ayeka said.  "What about the others?"  she
asked innocently.
	"It doesn't say."
	"Oh,"
	"I'm sure everyone is okay,"  Misaki said for Ryoko's benefit,
unaware that she was comforting her daughter as well.

	Tenchi raised the sword and stepped into the stone cavern
warily.  The command center was abandoned.  He stretched out with
his senses, but couldn't detect anything...
	Not even the red dot that appeared on the back of his head.
	Suddenly, something struck him in the back, and he fell
forward with a grunt.  He heard blaster shots and turned.  Cavis
was lying on top of him.
	"Meg!?" he called out.
	"Got him!"  she called back.  Cavis helped Tenchi to his feet.
The prince looked up and found Meg standing over a body that had been
hiding in a dark corner of the room, a small blaster pistol in the
dead man's hands.
	Tenchi nodded in thanks.
	"Be more careful, kid," Cavis told him.  "You know what kind
of hell Ryoko would put me through if you got hurt?"  He smiled.
	Tenchi nodded, this time in understanding.
	"I think that's all of them,"  a Jurain soldier called out, a
Captain Rikari.  Cavis turned to the red haired woman, who began to
explain.  "We got eight of the bastards.  That's how many were on
the list, and that's how many beds there were in the barracks
downstairs."  She pointed at the body Meg had dropped.  "This makes
eight total."
	"Okay, start going through the computers and see what you can
find,"  Cavis ordered.  Rikari nodded and set about her task.
	Tenchi took a breath and looked around him.  This was the
second base they had cracked, and there was still no sign of Charis.
Cavis was convinced she'd come out of hiding to strike back at them.
So far nothing.
	Meg walked up to him.  "Hey, Tenchi, are you okay?"  she asked.
	He nodded.  "Yeah, I'm fine."
	"You know," she whispered, "You don't have to be here.  You
should be with Ryoko now."
	He smiled.  "I know, Meg.  But this is more *my* fight than it
is yours," he told her.  "I *should* be here."
	Meg offered him a reassuring smile.  "Okay."
	"Idiot,"  she heard from behind her.  Her eyes widened.  She
turned to find Dee standing not far away.  Tenchi went about his
business, helping Cavis disarm the Assassin she had shot.
	"What are you doing here?" she whispered softly to her dead
twin.
	"What I always do, Meg,"  Dee told her.  "I'm looking after
my dear sister."
	Meg said nothing.
	"What?  Did you think you had gotten rid of me?  That that
little bitch had 'cured' you?"
	Meg didn't reply.
	"Meg?"
	She and Dee stared at each other.
	"Meg?"
	She blinked and turned to find Cavis there.  "Yeah?"
	"Dinner," he said, holding out an MRE.  "Are you okay?"
	She grabbed him and kissed him.  "I will be as long you stick
around," she told him.

	"As a member of the Imperial Guard, you will be first instructed
in the ancient Jurain art of fighting, Ken-Zi,"  Kamidake told
Mihoshi as they faced off in the barracks gymnasium.  Both wore
loose-fitting Jurain battle outfits designed for freedom of movement.
Mihoshi nodded in understanding.
	"In the GP I was taught a little Ken-Zi along with a few other
forms."
	Kamidake nodded.  "Good, then we can skip the basics."  He
adopted a standard Ken-Zi stance.  Mihoshi did the same, a little
more awkward because it had been so long since she had used any
Ken-Zi.  She didn't want to hurt Kamidake's feelings, but most
other races in the universe considered the Jurain martial arts to
be rather primitive and suitable only for beginners.
	Kamidake attacked!
	"EEP!"  was Mihoshi's battle cry as she brought her hands up
to block.  They sparred that way for several minutes.
	"Stop!"
	They both stopped at the sound of the voice and bowed as Misaki
approached, followed by Ayeka.  They had been watching them
discreetly for several minutes.
	"Captain," she said, addressing Kamidake, "Do you feel that
holding back is the best way to train Lieutenant Mihoshi?"
	Kamidake blinked.  "N..No, Your Majesty.  I was not aware that
I was."
	Misaki eyed him for a moment.  Her hands went up to the clasps
on her kimono.  Kamidake blinked as the Queen of Jurai removed her
kimono, stripping down to her undertunic.
	"Um...Mother?"  Ayeka asked.
	Misaki handed the kimono to Kamidake and faced Mihoshi.
"Lieutenant," she began, adopting a Ken-Zi stance, "Attack."
	Mihoshi blinked in astonishment.  "Huh?!"
	"Your sovereign has given you a command, Lieutenant.  Attack!"
	Kamidake and Ayeka stepped back.  Mihoshi gulped and adopted
her own fighting position.  Misaki waited.
	Mihoshi struck!
	She darted forward and lashed out with her foot!  Misaki ducked
under the kick and spun around, hooking Mihoshi's planted leg with
her foot and kicking it out from under her.  The former GP hit the
ground with a grunt.  Misaki leaped on her and planted her knee on
her throat.  Mihoshi gagged.
	Misaki nodded and stood up, offering Mihoshi her hand.  The
newly minted Guard took it and allowed the Queen to pull her up.
Misaki turned to Kamidake.
	"Train her better, Captain," she said, taking her kimono back.
"I understand that you don't wish to be brutal in your training
methods, but the purpose of the Imperial Guard is to protect me...not
the other way around."
	Kamidake turned red in embarrassment.  "Yes, Your Majesty."
	Ayeka gaped in total shock.  Misaki put her kimono back on
and started for the door.  "Carry on, Captain," she said.  Ayeka,
still in shock, followed her.
	"I'm sorry, Kamidake,"  Mihoshi whispered.  "Maybe this wasn't
such a good idea, after all."
	Kamidake smiled at her.  "No, Mihoshi, it's okay.  She does
that to everyone."
	Mihoshi blinked.  "Huh?"
	Kamidake nodded.  "My first day as Captain of the Guard, she
came in and challenged *me*."  He shook his head ruefully.  "I've
never had a Queen put me on my rear before."
	Mihoshi giggled.  "You?"
	He grinned.  "She just wants to show you that you have a lot
to learn, and I guess she had a message for me in there too."
	"What's that?"
	Kamidake cleared his throat nervously.  "Come on.  We have
more work to do."

	"Ayeka, hon,"
	Ayeka looked up at her mother.
	"Walk with me, dearest."  Ayeka fell into step with her blue
haired mother, the two walking down the corridor towards Ayeka's
room.  "You've seemed troubled lately, Ayeka,"  Misaki noted.  "I
want you to tell me what's wrong."
	"There's nothing wrong, Mother,"  Ayeka told her.
	"Ayeka, do you remember the *last* time you lied to me?"
	Ayeka took a breath, but didn't answer.
	"I think I see,"  Misaki said.  Ayeka looked at her.  "You're
upset that you lost Tenchi.  Now that he and Ryoko are having a baby,
it's hit home."
	The two entered Ayeka's room.  Misaki sat on her daughter's bed
and patted the space next to her.  Ayeka sat down.
	"It's not that, exactly,"  Ayeka told her, searching for
something to say.  "It's what comes next that troubles me."
	Misaki blinked.  "What do you mean?"
	Ayeka frowned and paused.  "Mother...You're going to send me
on more marriage meetings...aren't you?"
	"Well, until you find someone you like, I suppose so."
	Ayeka's shoulders slumped.  "I..I see."
	Misaki smiled gently and wrapped an arm around her daughter's
shoulders.  "Don't worry, Ayeka.  You'll meet someone nice."  Ayeka
didn't seem moved.  "Did I ever tell you how your father and I met?"
Ayeka shook her head.  "Well, let me just say that if it weren't for
all those trips I took to Mollidon, Malsa nos Mollidon would be
queen of Jurai right now."
	Ayeka blinked and looked at her in shock.  "What?  Davner's
sister?"
	Misaki nodded.  "Yes.  You see, your father was sent on
marriage meetings when he was a boy, and one of his stops was
Mollidon to meet Malsa.  I just happened to be there.  The thing was
Malsa *hated* Jurain men.  She thought they were all snobbish,
arrogant, pompous asses, and she made sure your father knew it."
	"What happened?"
	"Well, despite how Malsa felt, I found the young Jurain prince
rather dashing."  Misaki smiled.  "So when Malsa finally shot him
down...I was there to...well...*comfort* him, as it were."
	Ayeka blinked.  Her eyes went wide.  "MOTHER!"
	Misaki smiled.  "Come now, Ayeka.  You're a big girl now.  I
think you're old enough to hear about your mother's...less than
regal exploits."  She smiled conspiritorially at her daughter.  "My
point is that I sent you on those marriage meetings so you'll find
someone nice.  If it were simply a matter of what's best for Jurai,
you're father and I could *pick* someone without you ever having to
leave the palace.  But we wanted you to get out and meet someone.
That's why we send you.  Not for Jurai.  You think Solaria had
anything to offer Jurai when your father proposed to me?"
	Ayeka didn't know what to say.
	"Losing Tenchi isn't the end of the world, Ayeka.  There will
be other men.  But you're not going to meet anyone cooped up in the
palace."
	Ayeka looked at her mother, tears in her eyes.
	"Ayeka!  It's okay!"
	"Mother...I have to tell you something."

	"Why the hell do I have to be hooked into this damn thing?!"
Ryoko asked Washu for the eighth time.
	"Because, I have to make sure your system is sending the
proper nutrients to the fetus."  She checked the readings.  "And it
looks like the vitamin supplements I gave you are working."
	"That's good,"  Ryoko said seriously.
	Washu nodded.  "I need to go confer with Dr. Ataki.  I'll be
right back."
	"Okay."  Ryoko watched the petite scientist leave and stared
up at the ceiling.  She heard a knock on the door and turned her
head.  "That was quick.  Come in, Washu."
	The door opened, but it wasn't Washu who stood there.
	Ryoko smiled.  "Dav!"
	Davner grinned and entered the room, closing the door behind
him.
	"What are you doing back?"
	Davner cleared his throat and coughed slightly.  "Took a few
casualties at that asteroid base, so we stopped to drop our wounded
off."  He pulled his silk handkerchief from his pocket and coughed
into it.
	Ryoko frowned as she got a better look at him.  He was white
as a sheet, and sweat coated his forehead.  He also looked thinner
than he had the last time she saw him.
	"Dav, you don't look so good."
	He coughed again and nodded.  "Yeah," he croaked.  "I know.
That's the other reason I'm here.  I need to talk to Washu.  I
thought I had a cold or something but I haven't quite been able to
shake it."
	"Well, she'll be right back.  In the mean time, stay here.
Talk with me.  You and I haven't really gotten a chance to do that
since this whole thing started."
	Davner smiled.  "Well, darl'n, I'll be glad to keep you company
until the return of Ms. Washu."  He leaned against the wall and
asked, "How are you feeling?"
	Ryoko sighed.  "Odd.  It's like every part of my body is going
nuts on me."  Davner smiled.  "What's worse is the constant mood
swings.  One second I'm on cloud nine, the next I'm a total bitch,
three seconds later, I'm in tears."  She shook her head.
	Davner was grinning.  "You think you're bitchy now, wait until
labor starts."  He coughed into the kerchief again.
	Ryoko suddenly remembered that out of all her friends, Davner
was probably the only one who could tell her what to expect.
"Davner...I'm a little scared about this," she told him.  "Who am
I kidding?  I'm *really* scared about this."  Davner listened as
she went on.  "I'm not the kind of person who'd make a good parent.
I can't even make toast without screwing it up.  How am I going to
take care of a kid?"
	He cleared his throat and grimaced at the pain involved.
"Well, darl'n," he said, "You'll simply have to have help."
	She blinked.  "Who?"
	"Well, you were living with Tenchi's father and grandfather,
right?"  She nodded.  "They have experience.  And Washu, it seems,
knows a little about this.  And there's always Tenchi."
	She hung her head sadly.  "I don't know where to start."
	He coughed into the kerchief.  "You start with the day the kid
is born," he told her.  "Let me tell you something Ryoko.  The first
time you hold your child is going to be one of the few times in your
life when you feel pure, unadulterated joy.  It's going to stick with
you forever, and at that one moment, you're not going to be worried
about the little things..."  He paused and coughed.  "You're...you're
just going to care about the child.  *Your* child.  Everything else
will fall into place.  It'll be hard, but you'll manage."  He smiled.
"People have been doing it for millions of years, and we're not
extinct yet."
	She smiled.  "You miss it, don't you?"
	He didn't meet her glance.  "I do.  One of the..." he coughed
again, hacking into the kerchief.  "One of the few times I can
remember feeling truly content was when I was with my daughter."
	"Who knows, Dav?  Maybe you and Ay..."
	He held up a hand.  "No, Ryoko," he said quietly.  "It's not
going to happen, and I'd appreciate it if you didn't bring that up
again."
	She nodded in agreement.  "I'm sorry, Dav."
	"It's all right, darl'n.  I never did thank you for letting me
say goodbye to her."  She smiled.
	"I wouldn't give up quite yet, Davner."
	He coughed as he tried to reply.  "I..."  He coughed some more,
reaching out to the wall to steady himself.  Ryoko watched worriedly
as he continued to cough.  His eyelids began to flutter.
	"Dav?  Are you all right?"
	He hacked into the kerchief as he tried to stay on unsteady
legs.  "I'm...I'm okay, darl'..."  He coughed again.  He removed the
handkerchief from his mouth, and Ryoko gasped.  Blood was running
down Davner's chin.  Without another word, he collapsed to the floor.
	"Dav!"  Ryoko jumped out of bed and rushed to his side.  His
breathing was quick and shallow.  Blood covered his chin and neck.
She opened the door to her room and stuck her head out.  "Washu!"
	From down the hall, Washu looked away from her conversation
with a Jurain doctor.
	"Come quick!"
	Washu and the doctor came running toward her.  Ryoko ducked
back inside and checked Davner's pulse.  It was weak and thready.
His breaths were now coming in wet gasps, punctuated by the
occasional gurgle.
	"Come on, Dav, hang in there," she said.

	Ayeka was in tears by the time she finished her story.  Misaki
hugged her and shushed her.  "It's okay, baby," she said.  "It's all
right."
	"Mother, I don't know what to do."
	"Do you love him?" she asked.
	Ayeka nodded.
	Misaki smiled.  "Then you're going to be with him."
	Ayeka blinked.  "But...What about Father?"  She asked.  "And
what about Sasami?  I can't just leave her to..."
	Misaki's expression turned cross.  "You leave your father to
me, hon.  One of the things you're going to have to learn as Queen
is how to manipulate your King."  She shook her head in disbelief
that her husband could be so cruel to his own daughter.  She wiped
a tear from Ayeka's cheek.  "In the meantime," she said, "Why don't
you call him?"  She smiled.  "Invite him to dinner when he gets back.
I have to have a *very* long talk with him about how he treats my
little girl."
	Ayeka laughed through her tears.
	"Go ahead, hon.  I need to find your father....and wring his
neck."
	Ayeka burst into tears and hugged her mother.  "Thank you,
Mommy!"
	Misaki patted her daughter on the back and let her cry.

	"Wait, your stance is wrong,"  Kamidake told Mihoshi.  He
stepped behind Mihoshi and took her arms, placing them in the proper
position.  "Okay, now plant your feet a little farther apart."
Mihoshi complied.  Kamidake positioned himself behind her.  "Okay,
now..."  He raised Mihoshi's hand up and to the right.  "Block..."
He raised the other, "Block..."  He leaned forward to reposition
her arm.  "Counterpun..."  He paused.  He was leaning over her
shoulder now.  Mihoshi wasn't looking at her hands, she was looking
over her shoulder at *him*.
	Kamidake smiled nervously.  Neither of them said anything.
He noticed for the first time just how close to one another they
were standing.  He still had her hands in his.  She was staring at
him in a very odd way.
	"Um...Mihoshi..."
	"Yes, Kamidake?" she whispered.  She continued to stare at him.
	"Um..."  He looked into her blues eyes and realized she was
waiting for *him* to do something.
	He had never felt this way before.  He had entered training as
a Holy Knight of Jurai at a very young age and had devoted his entire
life to it.  He had never been this close to a woman before.  He
had no idea what to do or what was expected of him.
	Her golden hair seemed to almost shimmer in the light,
bringing out the blue in her eyes.  The triangular warpaint on her
face gave her an exotic look, almost feral in nature.
	Kamidake suddenly found himself with weak knees.
	"Um...well...Then you...follow up with another punch and...
um..."
	She leaned up as he rambled.
	"Afterwards...you..um....well....a good kick can..."  He
broke off as Mihoshi kissed him.
	She had kissed him before, when he had offered her a
commission, but this was different.  It was deeper, more intense.
Her hands were still locked in his.  She had to crane her neck
around and up in order to kiss him.  She turned for a better
position, and Kamidake released her arms so she could do this,
wrapping his arms around her instead.  Her arms wrapped around his
neck, standing on her tip toes so she wouldn't have to break that
kiss.
	Kamidake wasn't sure what he was doing.  He had no experience
at this kind of thing, so he let Mihoshi lead him.  He felt Mihoshi's
leg snake around his ankle.  He tripped backwards and fell to the
ground with a stifled cry of surprise.  Mihoshi straddled him and
continued to kiss him.
	"Mihoshi?"  he asked as she came up for air.  Mihoshi smiled.
	"Yes, Kamidake?"
	"Um..."  Mihoshi continued to smile and batted her eyes at him.
	Kamidake was scared out of his mind.  He knew what the next
logical step was, and it frightened the hell out of him.  He
swallowed nervously.
	"Kamidake?"  she asked seriously.  "I want you to tell me
something."  Kamidake blinked.  "When you asked Her Majesty to make
me a Guard, did you ask because you felt guilty about what happened
at HQ, or did you ask for me?"
	Kamidake licked his lips nervously.  "I asked....because I
couldn't bear to see you in pain."
	Mihoshi looked down at him seriously.  Tears formed in her eyes.
"That's so sweet!"
	"Um..."
	She leaned down and kissed him again.

	Ayeka sat in front of the comm terminal and wiped her eyes.
She wanted to look her best when she told him.  She switched the vid
screen on and typed in the address for Davner's ship.  The vid
flashed to life, displaying a young Jurain soldier.  The soldier
saw who was calling and tensed.
	"Your Highness!"
	"Hello.  I'd like to speak to Davner, please."
	The soldier looked nervous.  "I'm afraid he's not aboard at
present, Your Highness."
	"Oh,"  Ayeka said in disappointment.  "Then please tell him
to call me as soon as he gets in."
	"Um...Your Highness, that may not be neccessary.  He's at the
royal palace right now, I believe."
	Ayeka blinked.  "You mean you're on Jurai?"
	"Yes, Your Highness."
	This was even better!
	"Thank you!" she said, and disengaged the comm.  Where would he
be?  She had just come from speaking with her mother, so it was
unlikely he was there.  She smiled.
	<Of course.  Where else would he be?>
	She walked out into the hall and towards Ryoko's room.  Davner
was undoubtedly checking on Ryoko.  She couldn't help smiling.  For
the first time in weeks, she was confident that everything was going
to turn out all right.  She was going to find Davner and kiss him,
and she wasn't going to care about who saw it or what they thought
of it.  She was going to kiss him until she collapsed from lack of
breath.
	She turned the corner and saw Ryoko pacing outside a room next
door to her own.  She looked extremely worried about something.  For
a second, Ayeka feared there was something wrong with the baby, but
no...If that were the case, Ryoko would be hysterical at this point.
She walked up the pirate.
	"Ryoko."  Ryoko looked up nervously.
	"Ayeka..."
	"Are you all right, Ryoko?"  Ryoko didn't answer.  "I'm looking
for Davner.  Has he been to see you?"
	Ryoko blinked back tears.  "Ayeka...about Davner..."
	Ayeka listened to what Ryoko had to say...
	And screamed.

	"I can't believe you,"  Misaki whispered.  "How can any father
be so cruel to his own daughter?"
	Azusa sighed in preparation for the battle to come.  "Misaki,
there are other issues at stake..."
	"And your daughter's happiness isn't one them, is that it?"
	"I have a responsibility to the kingdom,"  Azusa told her.
"What would you have me do?  Allow a criminal to take the throne?"
Misaki bristled at his tone.  "I know you and his sister were
friends, but that does not make him suitable to be our daughter's
husband."
	"That should be Ayeka's decision to make.  Not our's."
	Azusa said nothing.
	"We *will* allow this," she told him.  "Or I will *never*
forgive you."
	Azusa seemed to falter.  "Misaki, try to understand..."
	"No!  There will be no 'understanding' today!  I have told
Ayeka she may see him."  Azusa arched an eyebrow.  "You are going to
support that decision,"  Misaki informed him, "Otherwise..." her
eyes narrowed, "You're going to find yourself awfully *lonely*
around here."
	The king sighed.  It had been about three weeks since he had
forbidden Ayeka from seeing Davner, that was probably enough.  "Very
well, Misaki."  Misaki blinked in surprise.  Once again, she had
been expecting a fight and hadn't gotten it.  "I've never been able
to deny you anything, so I will not deny you this."
	Misaki took a breath.  "I want you to talk to both of them.
Let them know you approve."
	Azusa bristled.  "I do not approve."  Misaki glared.  "But I
will talk with them."
	Something was wrong.  Misaki could feel it.  She just couldn't
put her finger on it.  He was giving up far too easily.
	Instead of calling him on it, she nodded.  "I knew you would
do the right thing."
	Azusa smiled.  "Of course.  I will always do the right thing
for Ayeka."

	His eyes were closed.  The machines next to his bed pumped air
into his lungs through the clear plastic mask that covered his nose
and mouth.  He was pale, almost deathly white.  The sounds coming
from him were not the steady sounds of gentle breathing, the sounds
she knew from her nights with him, but wet, unsteady gurgles that
filled her with fear.
	Ayeka bit her lip and blinked tears out of her eyes as she sat
next to Davner's bed.  Not far away, Washu was talking with Ryoko
and Dr. Ataki.  They had moved Davner to another room upstairs that
was equipped with life support machines.
	His eyes opened slowly, groggily.  His head turned to her.
Ayeka was filled with hope.  She reached out and took his hand.
Davner reached up and pulled the mask off his face.
	"Ner..." he started to say, but was cut off his chest began
to convulse.  He started coughing, uncontrollably.
	"Get that mask back on him!"  she heard Washu shout.  Ayeka
grabbed the oxygen mask and clamped it over Davner's nose and mouth.
He coughed again.  Red blood coated the inside of the mask.  He
continued to hack painfully.
	"Five cc's anesthizine!"  Ataki ordered.  A nurse handed the
doctor a syringe, who injected the contents into the IV hooked into
Davner's arm.  After another minute of worry, the coughing subsided,
and Davner was unconscious again.
	Ayeka shook her head in painful disbelief.  "What's wrong with
him?" she whispered.
	"I'm working on it, Princess,"  Washu told her.  "But don't let
him take that mask off again.  I have a regenerative mist mixed in
with the oxygen flowing into his lungs.  Right now it's keeping the
infection from spreading any further, but if the mist stops, it
strikes back with a vengeance."
	"I don't understand,"  Ayeka told her.  "What's wrong with
Davner, Washu?!"
	Washu sighed and walked to her holotop.  Ayeka followed, Ryoko
joining them a few moments later.  "This is what I know so far,"
she began.  "It's attacking his lung tissue, eating away at it and
making it impossible for him to transfer oxygen to his bloodstream.
Secondly, it's too heavy to be airborne, so you don't have to worry
about contagion."  Ryoko sighed in relief.  "There's more to it,
though.  According to my readings, this little critter seems to feed
only on *his* DNA patterns."
	The two women blinked.  "Huh?"  Ryoko asked.
	Washu turned to them.  "It means that of all the trillions of
people in the galaxy, this disease can only strike *one*."  She
pointed at Davner.
	"But...how can that be?"  Ayeka asked.
	"Simple, Princess,"  Washu said with a grimace, "Someone
*designed* it that way."

	"I don't know,"  Warshan told the three women assembled before
him.  They glared back at him.  "Really.  I don't."
	"Who else would go through the trouble to infect him,"  Washu
asked.  They were all assembled in the locked room that Warshan was
being held in.  He was kept under guard, both for his protection and
to make sure he didn't get away.  He might be helping them, but they
still didn't trust him.
	"It wasn't the Guild," he told them seriously.  "It goes
against the ancient texts to use any of the Three Deaths."
	"Three Deaths?"  Ryoko asked.
	Warshan nodded.  "Famine, Drought, and Plague.  Those are the
implements of death reserved for the gods.  We don't touch them."
	"Your new boss doesn't seem to have any trouble breaking the
other rules,"  Washu noted.
	"True,"  Warshan confirmed, "But think about it.  What kind of
equipment would be necessary to create such a weapon?"  Washu paused.
"The Guild has never used it in my time, and even if they started as
soon as Charis took command, there's no way it would've been ready
at the time you say Lord Mollidon was infected.  Also, if the Guild
*was* willing to use this, why him?"  Washu arched an eyebrow.
"Mollidon was never labeled a primary target.  There is no reason
for the Guild to go through such lengths to kill him.  Besides, a
bullet would be easier, cheaper, and more efficient."
	Ayeka walked up to him and began to speak, her voice deathly
serious.  "If I find out you're lying to me, Warshan De, I'll kill
you.  Do you understand?"
	"Princess,"  Warshan said, "If we had this weapon at our
disposal, you'd already be dead and we wouldn't be having this
conversation."
	Ayeka tensed and prepared a retort, but Washu stopped her.
"He's right.  It can't be them.  It doesn't make any sense."
	"You can cure him though, right, Washu?"  Ayeka asked.  Washu
wouldn't meet her gaze.  "Washu, please tell me you can help him."
	"Princess,"  Washu began seriously, "I've never seen anything
like this before.  Is it possible I can cure him, yes.  Is it
possible I can cure him before he dies...I don't know."
	"Ms. Washu...please..."
	"I'll try, Ayeka,"  Washu told her.  "All I can do is try.  His
best hope right now is to find whoever infected him.  They might
have a counteragent."
	"So who might infect him?"

	"Hi, Kiyone,"  Mihoshi said quietly, pulling up a chair next to
her comatose partner.  She was wearing a subdued smile.  "The doctors
told me that sometimes comatose patients can hear and understand
people who talk to them.  So I'm gonna spend as much time as I can
right here, talking to you."
	The heart monitor next to the bed began beeping wildly for a
moment, then settled down again.
	"Hmmm,"  Mihoshi mused.  "Must be broken."  She turned back
to Kiyone.  "Anyway, I have a lot to tell you today.  See these?"
she asked, showing off her collar and the gold branches that were
pinned there.  "I've been made a member of the Jurai Royal Guard!
I know it's not the GP, but I like it, and I like the people here
too.  They're very nice to me."  Her voice turned wistful.
"Especially Kamidake....That's something else I want to tell you
about."  Mihoshi began to twiddle her fingers.  "You see...I kind
of have a new boyfriend...and well he's...Well, it's....Oh!  How
embarrassing!  Don't make me say it out loud, Kiyone!  I just
can't!"
	Kiyone didn't respond.
	"The training is tough, but I really think I'm getting better
at it.  I'm sorry I wasn't around so often the past couple of weeks,
but Kamidake and Azaka felt it would be better if I devoted as much
time as I can to my training and indoctrination.  But don't worry!"
she cried with a grin, "Now I'm going to stop by every single day to
make sure you're okay!"
	The heart monitor started beeping again.
	"Hmmm,"  Mihoshi said, giving the machine a good slap.  "I
should make sure this gets fixed."  She turned back to Kiyone.
"Anyway, how about I sit here for awhile and read to you?"
	The machine started beeping wildly.
	"Let's see...hmmm...How about 'The Princess and the Pig?'" she
asked holding up a children's book she found in the waiting room.
	*BEEP!  BEEP!  BEEP!  BEEP!*
	Mihoshi ignored the machine and began to read.

	"We lost the base in Orsini as well as the one in Brosna,
Milady,"  Arianna Reduna reported in the Assassin's makeshift Jurain
base.
	Lezell Charis seethed in her chair.  "Four bases in the past
two weeks,"  she hissed.  "They've declared war on us, and you can
bet who's been giving them information to use against us."
	Arianna grimaced.  "Warshan De will rot in Hell for all eternity
for what he's done!"
	"That he will,"  Charis murmurred.  She turned to the star
charts behind her.  "They're not using Jurain military vessels," she
mused.  "I get the distinct feeling that this is a private little
war."  Her tone held a bit of amusement.  "I.D.'s,"  she ordered.
	Striker handed her a datapad.  Charis read over it and arched
an eyebrow.  "Ken-Ohki,"  she whispered.  She reached up and absently
scratched the coal-colored cabbit on her shoulder.  "Did you hear
that, sweetums?" she asked.  "It's Ken-Ohki."  Death-Ohki hissed.
Charis smiled and sighed.  "And what of the ships we stationed
there?"
	"Destroyed,"  Arianna told her.  "The Chimaera engaged the
Asconian and was destroyed.  The fight lasted all of twenty-three
seconds," she said in disgust.
	"The bastard gave them schematics,"  Striker concluded.  "The
Chimaera was a Carissian patrol craft.  Even with the lizard's edge
in technology, the Chimaera should've lasted longer."
	"You know, Striker, Arianna,"  Charis said wistfully as she sat
back in her chair, "I've never made my job personal before.  I've
always remained detached."  She took a breath.  "But this is
different.  This is a war."  She turned to them.
	"Burn them," she ordered cruelly.  "Burn them all."
	Striker grinned.  Arianna nodded.
	"But we do have a problem,"  Charis continued.  "That little
Warshan De and his great....big...mouth.  If they have our ship's
weak points, sending them after these....insects....will only result
in dead Assassins, and that is frowned upon."  She grinned and turned
in her chair.
	"Mit-suuuuuuuuu-kiiiiiii,"  she sang.
	The redhead standing in the corner tensed and turned to the
Assassin leader.
	"I need a favor."

	Three more meson bolts struck the Assassin's ship in precisely
the right spot, sparking an explosion that caused the ship to lurch
to one side.
	"Whaddya think, Cav?"  Meg asked from the command chair.
"Should we be gracious about this?"
	Sitting at the tactical console, Cavis grinned.  "Might be
interesting to see what they have to say."
	Meg nodded.  "Okay, lets swing around and tractor them in.  I
guess we'll..."  She broke off as a sensor console beeped.  "Check
this out."
	Cavis looked at his own terminal.  Tenchi leaned over his
shoulder.  Cavis smiled.  "Never thought I'd be glad to see ships
like *those*."  Tenchi looked up and saw two ships identical to
Kiyone and Mihoshi's Yagami approaching.
	A voice came in over the speaker.  "Megami, this is the
GPS Mahotsukai.  Heave to and prepare to be boarded."
	The three of them shared a shocked look.  Meg switched on the
comm.  "GPS Mahotsukai, this is Captain Meg Kaizuko.  We kind of
have a situation here.  The ship off my port bow belongs to the
Assas..."
	"We are aware of that, Megami.  Heave to and prepare to be
boarded."
	Meg paused.  "Why?"
	"We have a warrant to search your vessel and a warrant for the
arrest of Cavis Darktower."
	Cavis tensed.  "Meg, I think you better get us out of here."
	Meg ignored him.  "Mahotsukai, there is an Assassin's Guild
ship right there!"
	"Heave to, Megami."
	"GPS Mahotsukai, I will not..."
	Suddenly, the Mahotsukai burst into flames.
	"What the hell!"  Meg turned to find Cav sitting at the
tactical console, his hands racing over the targeting system for the
meson blasters.  "CAV!"
	"Get us out of here, Meg!"  he told her.  The other GP ship
was beginning to come around.  Meg paused.  "Go, Meg!"
	Meg hit a few keys on the command console.  The Megami darted
off, the GP ship in pursuit.
	"Shit!  Shit!  Shit!"  Meg growled, pounding her control
console.
	"Well, we're fucked now,"  Dee said, appearing next to her.
"Destroying a GP ship.  That's ten life sentences right there."
	"Shut up," she hissed.
	"They're gaining,"  Cavis told them.
	"You're screwed now,"  Dee told her.
	"Shut up!"
	The Megami lurched to one side under the impact of the GP's
energy weapons.
	"Hold onto something!"  Cavis shouted.
	There was another lurch, and Meg blacked out.

	"This is getting us nowhere,"  Washu said sleepily as she
stretched.  Three days had passed since Davner's collapse, and she
still had nothing.  Whoever had created the disease had been experts.
So far, everything she had tried had failed.
	And Davner was getting worse.
	Ayeka was asleep in a chair next to his bed.  Washu sighed.
She had finally told the scientist about their relationship.  Washu
felt bad for them, but there was really nothing else she could do.
Unless they found the people who created the disease...
	Davner was going to die.  Either tonight or the next morning.
	She felt a hand on her shoulder and looked up.  Ryoko was
standing there, a determined look on her face.
	"Ryoko?  Are you okay?"
	Ryoko shook her head.  "Actually, Washu, I'm a little
confused."
	Washu blinked.  Ayeka stirred, awakened by their voices.
"Ryoko?  What's wrong?"
	"What are you confused about?"  Washu asked.
	"Something's not right."
	"You're just now figuring that out?"  Ayeka asked, a little
harshly.  She apologized a moment later.  "I'm sorry."
	Ryoko ignored her.  "A man walks into the royal palace of
Jurai carrying an unknown disease," she began.  "Right into the heart
of Imperial power.  He's coughing, spraying blood everywhere..."
	"Is there a point, Ryoko?"  Ayeka asked.
	Ryoko turned to her.  "Where are the quarantine nets?"
	The other two women blinked.
	"Where are the hordes of Jurain doctors studying this thing?
Why haven't Azusa and Misaki been given complete physicals?"  She
gestured to Ayeka.  "Why is Ayeka, the crown princess of Jurai, even
allowed to be in this room?  Because *Washu* says it's okay?"
	Washu's eyes went wide.  Ayeka looked at her.  "What are you
getting at?"
	"They're not worried because they don't have to be,"  Ryoko
told them.
	"They knew all about the disease already,"  Washu said in a
haunted whisper.
	"Because *they* built it,"  Ayeka concluded.
	Ayeka's hands balled into fists.  She stormed out of the room
and down the hall.  Ryoko and Washu followed close behind.  The
purple haired princess pushed open the door to the palace sitting
room.  Azusa, Misaki, Sasami, and Achi were there.
	Misaki stood up.  "Ayeka?  Has there been any..."
	Before the Queen could finish, Ayeka strolled up to Azusa and
slapped him across the face!
	"AYEKA!"  Misaki shouted.
	Ayeka was shaking, tears in her eyes as she stared at her
father.  "Why!?"  she cried at him.  "Why!?  We weren't going to see
each other again!  You had *won*!  So why!?"
	"Ayeka!"  Azusa said angrily.  "What are you talking about?!"
	"You find out about Davner,"  she said, "A few days later he
comes down with a cold!  THREE WEEKS LATER, IT'S KILLING HIM!"  she
screamed.  "And you know why!"
	"Azusa?"  Misaki asked.  Achi watched with interest.
	"I don't know what you're talking about,"  Azusa said.  "I
have no idea."
	"He's lying,"  Achi whispered.  Every head in the room turned
to her.  Achi was staring at Azusa.  "You're lying."
	Misaki looked at her husband in fear.  "Azusa," she whispered,
"What have you done?"
	"I've done nothing!"
	Ayeka shook her head in barely controlled fury.  "You ordered
his death."
	"I didn't!"
	"He's lying!"
	"You called him a threat,"  Ayeka told him.  "You said you
couldn't risk it."
	"That doesn't mean I ordered his execution!"
	Ayeka looked to Achi, who was glaring at Azusa in hatred.
The empath shook her head.
	The princess was shaking in rage.  "How could you?"
	Azusa looked from his daughter, to his wife, and to Achi.
	"Where did you get it, Your Majesty?"  Washu asked.  "The SIS?
The Bio-Weapons Division?"  Azusa said nothing.
	"Father,"  Ayeka sobbed.  "Please.  Please!  Don't let him die."
	Azusa took a breath.  "Ayeka, one day you will understan..."
	"NO!  How can I possibly understand one person I love
*murdering* another?!  Please, Father!  Stop this!  Please!"  She
fell to her knees before him, weeping.  "I'm begging you!  Stop
this!  You can cure him!  I know you can!  Please!"
	"Is there a cure, Azusa?"  Washu asked harshly.
	Azusa opened his mouth to answer, and found Achi staring at
him intently, scanning his mind.  He paused.  "Yes," he said finally.
	Misaki's mouth fell open in shock.  "Azusa?  You...You..."
	"I did what was best for my kingdom," he told her.
	"Where is it?"  Ryoko asked.
	Azusa didn't answer.
	"Azusa?"  Misaki asked.
	Azusa sighed.  "I'm sorry it has to be this way, Ayeka.  I
had intended for him to die alone out in space after he left.  I
had no idea he would insist on remaining on Jurai."
	"But there *is* a cure?"  Washu asked.
	Azusa said nothing.
	Washu's eyes widened.  "You bastard," she whispered, "You're
caught with your hand in the cookie jar, and you're still gonna let
him die!"
	The king was silent.
	Ayeka's eyes widened.  "No!  Father, please!  I'll do anything!
Do you hear me!?  ANYTHING!  Just, please, don't let him die!"
	"I'm sorry Ayeka,"  Azusa whispered.  "This has to be done."
	Before Ryoko could form an energy sword, Misaki was speaking.
"Azusa...give them the cure."
	The king turned to her.  "I'm afraid I can't do that, Misaki.
I'm sorry."
	Misaki glared at him.  "Sorry?  The king of Jurai is committing
murder, and the best you can do is, 'I'm sorry?'"
	Azusa said nothing.  He started for the door.
	"Stop....right....there,"  Misaki ordered.  Azusa came to a
halt.  "Give them the cure, or I swear now that news of what you've
done will reach every newspaper in the quadrant.  Maybe the Jurain
courts won't want to indict you, and *maybe* the twenty thousand
refugees living in Little Mollidon won't storm the palace, but I
wouldn't count on it!  Give them the cure!"
	Azusa stared at her.
	"Azusa," she said, "My husband, I'm *asking* you to do this for
me."  She reached out and took his hand.  "Please.  For your
daughter's sake.  For my sake.  And for *your* sake.  Do this one
thing for me."
	Azusa weighed his options and sighed.  He was caught, and he
knew it.  "Very well.  I will have the curant sent to Ms. Washu
immediately."  He didn't sound happy, but a sigh of relief from Achi
proved he meant it.
	"Thank you, Father,"  Ayeka cried, embracing him.
	"There are conditions," he told her.  Ayeka's face fell.
	"Oh stuff it, Azusa!"  Misaki shot at him.  "After what we've
heard tonight, you are in no position to dictate conditions!"
	"Misaki,"
	"No!  It's going to be a *long* time before I can look at you
and see the man I once knew.  Until then, I know what you've done
here, and if I find you've tried something like this again, I'll
bring it before the Great Council.  Who was the last Emperor to be
stripped of his throne, Azusa?  I'm not sure it's happened in the
last *fifty thousand years*!  Do you wish to be the first?"
	Azusa grimaced.  "Misaki, please.  Try to see it through my
perspective."
	"No," she said.  "I don't want to see it like that."  She
turned to Washu.  "Ms. Washu, the cure will be sent to you directly.
If it doesn't work, tell me immediately."
	"Yes, Your Majesty."  She turned to leave.  Ryoko fell into
step beside her.  Ayeka didn't move, unsure of what to do.
	"Ayeka,"  Misaki told her.  "Go with your friends.  I need to
speak with your father alone."
	She wiped tears from her eyes.  "Thank you, Mother."
	Misaki smiled.  "Go on, hon.  It'll be okay."
	Ayeka left with Washu and Ryoko.

	Meg grunted as she turned the wrench, tightening the jam nut
and tightening the two plasma conduits together.  Her head still hurt
like hell, but at least the bandage on her forehead stopped the
bleeding hours ago.  She finished the repairs and crawled out of
the jeffries tube.
	"Hey, Meg,"  Cavis greeted, coming down the hall.  His face
was smudged with grease from the repair work he was doing.
	Meg turned from him and started walking.
	"Meg, wait up."
	She continued walking.
	"Are you still pissed about what happened back there?!"
	She grit her teeth and turned.  "Don't you get it, Darktower?"
she asked.  "Until a day ago, I was a small time smuggler.  Now,
thanks to you, I'm a cop killer!"
	Cavis didn't say anything.
	"Listen up, Darktower," she hissed.  "This is *my* ship!  And
my ship *does not* fire on Galaxy Police destroyers until *every*
other option is explored!  You pull a stunt like that again, and I
will stick your ass in an EVA suit and drag you back to Jurai!"  She
glared.  "Do we understand each other?"
	Cavis looked a little sheepish.  "Yeah.  Yeah, look, Meg, I'm
sorry..."
	"Yeah?  Well sorry isn't gonna take my name off the most
wanted list now, is it?"
	With that, she walked off, leaving Cavis there alone.

	"The Ryoshi chased them into hyperspace but lost them,"
Mitsuki said.  "The Mahotsukai was destroyed, killing both officers
aboard."
	"Hmm.  Pity,"  Charis said, not really caring.  "It must have
been a helluva wake up call, though."  Mitsuki fumed.  She had done
nothing but regret her deal with the Assassin since the second she
made it.  "Time to kick it up a notch."
	"What do you mean, Milady?"  Striker asked.
	"Striker, you and I are going into the palace,"  Charis told
him.  "Gather together a small group of Assassins to go with us."
	"You'll never get in,"  Mitsuki told her.  "They've doubled
security at the gate.  There are transporter scatterers, so you
can't transport in.  You'll never make it."  There was a hint of
relief in the GP's voice.
	Charis smiled at Mitsuki.  "That's why we have you."

	"Are you okay?"  Ryoko asked worriedly.
	Looking back at her through the vid screen, a cut on his left
cheek, Tenchi smiled.  "Yeah, I'm okay.  Just a little shaken."
	"Tell Cavis to be more careful,"  Ryoko said with concern.
	"I will.  How's Junior?"  Tenchi asked with a smile.
	Ryoko grinned.  "Washu says the baby's doing great.  She gave
me some new vitamin supplements."
	Tenchi nodded.  "Great."
	"When are you coming home, Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked.  "I feel so
lonely without you here."
	"In a couple of days.  Cavis wants to meet with everyone and
see how things went."  Ryoko nodded.  "How's Davner doing?"  Tenchi
asked.
	"A little better.  He's not awake yet, and Ayeka refuses to
leave his room until he is."
	He shook his head.  "I still can't believe you didn't tell me
about them."
	Ryoko sighed.  "I'm sorry, Tenchi, but Ayeka asked me not to,
and you know how she is..."
	"Yeah.  It's okay.  I was just a little surprised."
	Ryoko smiled.  "What?  That she replaced you so quickly?"
	Tenchi blinked in startlement.  "No!"  Ryoko smirked.
	"So I'm still not enough for you, huh?"  she asked with a grin.
	Tenchi smiled.  "You're too much."
	Ryoko laughed.

	His eyes opened slowly, groggily.  There was something attached
to his face, but he was still too weak to remove it.  He looked to
his left.  Ayeka was sitting in a chair nearby, asleep.
	"Ne...Neria?"  he spoke through the plastic mask.
	Ayeka's eyes fluttered open.  "Davner?"
	He blinked slowly.  He felt groggy and slow, as if he had
gotten totally trashed the night before, but couldn't remember the
party.  He found the strength to reach up to remove the mask, but
Ayeka's hand stopped him.
	"No, Davner.  Don't.  Not until Washu says it's okay."  She
didn't want a repeat of what happened last time.
	"Wha...What happened?"  he managed to get out.
	"It's okay," she said with a smile.  "You're going to be okay."
It was true.  Since administering Azusa's curant two days ago,
Davner's breathing had steadied, and the color had returned to his
face.  "Ms. Washu!"  Ayeka called out before turning back to Davner.
She reached out and took his hand.
	Davner didn't say anything.  He was still too weak, too
confused to make sense of what was happening.
	Washu entered a second later, reading a medical chart.  "Well,
well, how's our patient doing today, hmmm?"
	"How...how long?"  Davner asked.
	"Almost a week,"  Washu told him.
	"That's nice..."  Davner said before slipping back into
unconsciousness.
	"Davner?"  Ayeka queried.
	"It's okay, Ayeka,"  Washu said.  "He still needs a lot of
rest."
	Ryoko came in at the end of this statement.  "What's up?"
	"He woke up for a few seconds,"  Ayeka said excitedly.
	"That's great!"
	Washu nodded and looked over his chart again.  "Mmm hmmm.
I'm afraid there is some bad news, though."  The two women waited
for her to continue.  "He'll probably only regain eighty percent of
his lung tissue.  The rest is too far gone to regenerate."
	"What does that mean?"  Ayeka asked.
	"He'll run out of breath quicker and he'll be more susceptible
to things like pneumonia.  Ayeka, it's gonna take him awhile before
he's in top form again."
	Ryoko grinned.  "Yeah, so try not to wear him out too much for
awhile, okay?"
	Ayeka turned red and whirled around on Ryoko.  "HOW CAN YOU
TALK ABOUT *THAT* AT A TIME LIKE THIS!?"
	Ryoko grinned.  "So what are you saying?  That you're not
looking forward to it?"  Ayeka turned an even deeper shade of red.
Ryoko continued, grinning and hugging herself while speaking in a
fair imitation of Ayeka's accent.  "Oh, yes, Davner!  Ravish me!"
	Ayeka grit her teeth, her hands balled into fists while she
shook with indignant rage.  "You're one to talk, Angus!"  she cried,
pointing at Ryoko's ever growing stomach.  "Who's the unwed mother
here, hmmm?!"
	Ryoko faced off with Ayeka.  "We're planning on changing that
as soon as we can!  And if you don't want to be the maid of honor,
just keep talk'n!"
	"I should..."  Ayeka paused.  "Me?  Maid of Honor?"
	Ryoko blinked.  "Well...yeah.  Believe it or not, Ayeka, you're
the closest thing I have to a girlfriend."
	"Well...I'm...I'm honored."
	Ryoko smiled.
	"Angus,"  Ayeka finished with a grin.
	Ryoko grit her teeth.  "Snob!"
	"Mannerless thief!"
	Washu sighed, then smiled.  "I'm glad to see you two haven't
changed a bit!"  She turned cross.  "Now if you're gonna fight, do
it outside.  I don't want you waking up my patient.  And you, Ryoko,
shouldn't be getting worked up.  It could be bad for the baby."
	"Fine."  Ryoko turned to Ayeka and stuck her tongue out.  Ayeka
fumed.

	"Halt, Ma'am,"  a Jurain Guard at the Palace gate ordered,
holding his hand out.  "State your business."
	Mitsuki squared her shoulders and announced.  "I'm here to see
the Emperor.  Tell him it's a matter of great diplomatic importance."

	The comm unit on Kamidake's nightstand beeped.  His eyes shot
open.  He reached out and grabbed the comm.  "Kamidake," he said,
switching it on.
	"Sir, this is Lieutenant Kuroda at the front gate,"  the guard
said over the comm.  "We have a GP officer here who says she needs
to speak the Their Majesty's immediately."
	Kamidake looked at his clock.  "At this time of night?"
	"She claims it's important, Sir."
	"All right.  I'll be there in five minutes."
	"Yes, Sir."
	Kamidake climbed out of bed and went to his closet.  As he
pulled his uniform on, he heard someone in the bed behind him stir
and roll over...
	Right onto the floor with a cry of surprise.
	Kamidake smiled.  "Are you okay, Mihoshi?"
	Mihoshi blinked the sleep out of her eyes.  "Kamidake?  Where
are you going?"
	"There's a problem at the gate.  A GP is here to see Their
Majesty's."
	"Oh,"  Mihoshi said as she got to her feet.  "Hold on a second.
I'll come with you."
	Kamidake smiled.  "You can stay here if you want.  You don't
have to come."
	"I want to," she said, hugging him from behind.  "You say it's
a GP, right?  Maybe I know them."
	He smiled.  "Okay.  Get your uniform, Lieutenant.  We just went
on duty."
	"Yes, Sir!"

	"This way, Ma'am,"  the Guard said, leading Mitsuki into a
sitting room.
	"Excuse me, Guardsman," she said suddenly, "But is there
somewhere I can freshen up?"
	"Of course, Ma'am.  This way."  The Guard led her to a
lavish bathroom not far from the sitting room.  Mitsuki shut the
door behind her and reached into her pockets, producing four,
small, metal disks, each with a small switch and a light.  She
placed each on the floor of the bathroom, forming a sqare with a
perimeter of about twenty feet.  She switched each of the disks on.
The lights glowed.  She took a nervous breath, flushed the toilet,
and left the room.

	"Mitsuki!  Hi!"
	Mitsuki blinked as she saw who entered the sitting room.
"Mihoshi!?"
	Mihoshi giggled, and spun around, showing off her Guardsman
uniform.  "Yeah!  Whaddya think?!"
	"Um...it's great."  <Shit!  I wonder what the airhead has been
telling them about the GP.>
	"So what's going on, Mitsuki?"
	"Actually, Mihoshi, I need to see the Emperor."
	Kamidake spoke up. "You picked a rather inconvenient time,
Lieutenant Mitsuki."
	"I know.  I'm sorry.  I'll come back in the morning."  She
stood up and made to leave.
	"Hey, Mitsuki!"  Mihoshi called out.  "Don't you want to see
Kiyone?"
	Mitsuki blinked.  "Is she awake?"
	Mihoshi shook her head.  "But I'm sure she'd like to hear
from you."
	"I'll see her tomorrow."
	"Oh...Okay."
	With that, Mitsuki walked out of the room.

	In the bathroom, the transporter signal transponders sent their
signal, giving the Assassin's Guild ship flying far overhead the
necessary coordinates for a site to site transport, neutralizing the
effects of the transport scatterers.
	There was a shimmer of light, and six Assassins stood in the
square.  Charis pulled a blaster and turned to Striker.  A quick
hand movement, and two Assassins darted toward the door.  They opened
it a crack and looked out.  They gave the all clear, and the group
moved forward.
	"Striker, head for the primary target.  I'll meet up with you
at the exit point."
	"Yes, Milady."

	Ryoko was resting in bed when she heard a knock at the door.
"Come in."
	Misaki, Sasami, and Achi entered the room.  "Good evening,
Ryoko.  How are you feeling."
	Ryoko smiled.  "Okay."
	"Hi Ryoko!"  Sasami said, smiling.  Ryo-Ohki was perched on top
of her head.
	"How's the baby?"  Achi asked.
	"Fine, Achi, fine,"  Ryoko said, smiling.
	"I wanted to drop in on you and see if you needed anything,"
Misaki told her.
	Ryoko began to sweat.  "Um, that's good of you, Misaki but I
really don't need anyt..."
	Misaki turned to her guard.  "Get Ms. Ryoko some juice,
please."
	Ryoko sighed.  "Thank you, Misaki."
	Misaki smiled.  "No problem.  So, have you thought of a name?"
	Ryoko blinked.  "Well...no."
	"'Achi's' a great name, Ryoko!"  Achi told her with a grin.
	"Um...I'll think about it, okay?"
	Achi beamed.
	"How about, 'Sasami?'"  the blue haired princess asked.
	"Um..."
	"Miya!"  Ryo-Ohki spoke up.  Sasami giggled.
	"Yes, 'Ryo-Ohki' is a good name too,"  Sasami said, scratching
behind the cabbit's ears.
	Ryoko face faulted.

	Ayeka yawned and leaned back in her chair, allowing the beeping
of Davner's heart monitor to lull her to sleep.

	"Come on, Kamidake!"  Mihoshi whined, taking the Captain's
hand.  "We saw Mitsuki, let's go back to bed!"
	Kamidake blushed and searched the hall to see if anyone had
heard.  "Mihoshi!"
	"What!?  We're off duty now!"  She grinned.  "And you know what
that means," she sang.
	"Um..."  He blinked and tensed suddenly.  Mihoshi stopped
pulling him, catching on to his change in mood.
	"Kamidake?  Are you okay?"
	"There's something wrong."

	Achi turned suddenly.
	Sasami blinked.  "Achi?"
	Achi's eyes went wide as she stared at the door.  "Oh my god..."

	Two guards, standing outside Davner's room looked up as they
heard bootsteps approaching...

	"Kamidake!  What's wrong?!"
	"It's just a feeling!  Come on!"
	The two ran faster.

	"Get away from the door, Achi!"  Misaki cried as the Queen
reached out and locked it.
	Ryoko got out of bed and pulled the Queen back.  "Where are
your guards?"
	"I just brought the one, and he isn't back yet."
	They heard bootsteps from the other side of the door.
	"Achi?"  Ryoko asked.
	Achi was shaking.  "He's crazy,"  she whispered.
	Ryoko pulled the little empath behind her.  "How many?"
	"Two, I think."
	There was a knock at the door.  The handle started to turn.
Ryoko walked up and stared at the door.  "You're sure, right?"  Achi
nodded.  Ryoko held out her hand and concentrated.  A light sword
sputtered to life.

	Striker held up his blaster and placed his ear against the door.
He could hear movement from the other side.  The other two Assassins
next to him braced for an attack.
	Suddenly, a shaft of red light shot from the door and through
Sriker's head.  The other Assassins gasped and jumped back.  The red
shaft of light sputtered and died.  Striker's twitching body fell to
the floor.  A neat, burnt hole was left in the door.
	The remaining Assassins gripped their weapons and prepared to
kick in the door.

	Ayeka woke up and yawned.  She looked down at Davner.  No
change.  She looked up at the clock before getting up and starting
for the door.  She reached out and pulled the door handle.
	The two Assassins with drawn weapons on the other side seemed
even more surprised to see her than she was to see them.
	Ayeka reacted quickly, slamming the door just as one of the
blasters went off, blowing a large hole in the door.  Ayeka screached
and fell back onto the floor.
	"Shit!"  she heard one of them cry.  The door opened.  One of
the Assassins stepped inside while the other stayed outside to watch
for more guards.  The two guards that had been standing outside the
door were lying on the ground, either unconscious or dead.
	The Assassin lowered his blaster at her...

	Ryoko's sword winked out, and she took an unsteady breath.
Simply forming the sword had taken a lot out of her.  "I think I got
one," she told them.
	"Still two more,"  Achi said.
	"I've got nothing left,"  Ryoko breathed.
	Misaki looked behind them.  "Out the window!"
	They looked at her.
	"Quickly!"
	Ryoko ran up and opened the window.  She looked down...
	They were four floors up.
	"The ledge!  Hurry!"  Misaki ordered.  Ryoko climbed out onto
the ledge and pressed against the wall, inching along the edge.  She
reached out and helped Sasami onto the ledge next to her.  Misaki
helped Achi out, then followed just as the Assassins were kicking in
the door.
	They looked back as blaster shots began to fly out the window.
The Assassins were strafing the room.
	"We can't stay out here!"  Achi cried.  "They'll find us!"
	Ryoko grimaced and picked Ryo-Ohki up off Sasami's head.
	"Time to make our getaway, Ryo-Ohki!"

	The Assassin fired!
	And was surprised to see the blaster bolt bounce off a
forcefield that appeared directly in front of Ayeka.  He blinked.
	Ayeka growled.  "How insolent!"  she remarked.  Power logs
appeared in front of the Assassin.  There was a flash of light, and
he was thrown back through the door, striking the wall on the other
side of the corridor with a sickening *crunch* as every bone in his
body broke.
	The second Assassin gaped in shock, then raised his own weapon.
Suddenly, he was struck by a bolt of electical energy.  The Assassin
screamed and disintegrated in front of her.
	Ayeka blinked.  Kamidake appeared at the doorway, the end of
his Jurain staff glowed with energy.  Mihoshi appeared a second
later.
	"Your Highness!  Are you all right!?"
	She nodded and rose to her feet.  "Yes.  What about the
others!?"

	The Assassins looked throughout the empty room, now in
shambles.  They saw the open window and rushed forward...
	And jumped back suddenly as a mass of dark crystal appeared at
the window.
	"MIIIIIIIYYYYAAAAAAAAAAAA!"
	The Assassins raised their blasters and began to fire.
	"MIIIIIIIIYYYYYYYAAAAAAA!"  The space ship quickly spun.  One
of the crystal spires struck the palace wall, gouging out a large
chunk of the room.  The Assassins screamed as they were thrown from
the room, falling to their deaths four stories below.

	"Patch me through to the war room,"  Misaki ordered.
	Azaka's face appeared on Ryo-Ohki's view screen.  "Your
Majesty!  Are you all right!?"
	"What's happening?"
	"A small group of Assassins somehow penetrated the outer
defenses and got into the palace.  Princess Ayeka and Kamidake
managed to get two of them."
	"We got three!"  Achi boasted, holding her hand out in a
victory sign.
	"We're searching the palace, and we've surrounded His Majesty
and Princess Ayeka with guards."
	Misaki nodded.  "We'll stay out here until things settle down."
	"That is probably safest, Your Majesty,"  Azaka noted.
	"Contact me when you're sure it's safe to come down."
	"Yes, Your Majesty."  The screen went black.
	Misaki turned to the others and sighed.  "Well...anyone have a
deck of cards?"

	"You're sure you're okay?"  Tenchi asked for the tenth time.
	Ryoko nodded at the vid screen in her new room.  "Yeah, Tenchi,
I'm okay.  They searched the palace.  It's clean."
	"We're on our way back.  We'll be there in about twelve hours."
	Ryoko smiled.  "Hurry back.  I love you."
	"I love you too,"  he said with a smile.
	"Tenchi," she began nervously.  "When you get back...I'd like
to talk to you about something."
	"What?"
	She smiled.  "When you get back."
	"Oh.  Okay."
	"Love you."
	"Love you, too."
	"Bye."
	"Bye."
	The screen went black.  Ryoko sighed.  What Ayeka said about
being an unwed mother had gotten her thinking.  She had never thought
about marriage before.  Her immediate goal had always been *getting*
Tenchi.  She had never thought about what would happen afterwards.
	She leaned back in her chair and closed her eyes.
	Suddenly, something grabbed hold of her hair!  Her eyes shot
open as someone slammed her face into the comm panel in front of her!
She managed to hold onto consciousness, but just barely.  Whoever it
was, pulled her out of her chair and threw her to the ground.
	She started to get up, but her unknown attacker kicked her in
the face, knocking her to the ground again.  Ryoko spat blood.  Her
eyes opened as she tried to blink past the violence induced haze.
She looked up and saw someone standing in front of the lamp.  She
couldn't see who it was, just a shadow.  The shadow moved forward.
She gasped.
	Lezell Charis grimaced down at her.  "Now," she whispered,
"Now, you bitch.  You belong to me."
	Ryoko's eyes went wide as Charis' foot came down on her face.
	Ryoko saw no more...



Author's Notes:

Please send C&C to:

Thomas "009" Doscher
doscher009@hotmail.com
