Disclaimer: Hey Alpha here!
You can burn it! You can flame it to the fires ofHELL!
You can tear it! You can slash it to the fires of HELL!
You can bad mouth! You can MST to the fires of HELL!.
Do what you will with my story I don't care.
There is no point in saying all the dumb a$% stuffabout AIC and Pioneer.

It is important to know that this Prologue does not feature any of your best
favorite characters until Episode I (Don't you just hate when the author
does that to you?) I can say it is in the OVA series with the invitation of
Kiyone.  Kagato(I really hate this bastard!) plays a strong role in this fic
as well.  You'll be surprised what his part is in the fic later on.
 Achika's also in this fic as well, and you will know her role in this
prologue, but please bear with me-the story will play out as I go with the
flow.
    "And one more thing" before the prologue starts: Tenchi and Ryoko
are by far the most precious couple there is in the Tenchi Series. I don't
give a rat's ass about Ayeka and if Sasami was in Tenchi's age group I
prefer her to be with him then Ayeka, only if Ryoko wasn't in the series.
She's freaky but in a cool kind of way. So by far any fic any where will
always have Washu as Ryoko's mother, and Ryoko and Tenchi falling in
love.(Ayeka fans are probably saying; yeah what else is new in the world
today?) With this said on to my first attempt of a fic. One that seems to
actually work without me getting writers' block!!

This is a regular fic by the way. There might  be some dark, but overall to
tell the truth if I did do a lemon it might not sound so cool of reasons
I'm not telling you!!
: means talking
(thinking)
-an action taking place before/after/during a speech.-

On to this story

Destiny: Book of Sorrows
(35,785 years ago a war has began between the Gods,The Fate who knows of
things to come and will be plans for the ultimate destiny of  finding
warriors soon known throughout the universe).

Prologue- Sisters of Fate

    Intense battle between the goddess sisters and their adversary went for
a week now non-stop.  Konomae, with the deity mark of "past" bestow upon
her cheeks, was in charge of the Fates mission.  She attack with all her
strength, her powe attack "deadly soul genesis" was emitted from her
mythic staff of old. The power directly aimed at their enemy.
    Her younger sisters Ima with the deity mark of "present" and Mirai
with the deity mark of "future" was only there to back their sister up.
Konomae had been direct about staying out of the way. Her sisters always
obeyed her orders.
    They sawthe damage done to nearby planets in their dimension. The battle
was takingplace in space.  Even with all the power Konomae has emitted, it
still did no harm to Saikin, whom mark was on her hand which meant
"end".
    She smiled widely, then began with a small laugh which turned into a
menacing laugh of mockery towards the Fate of Past.

Saikin: Pitiful, and you're the ones Zenkami-O chose to oppose me? My
powers are stronger.  I will claim by brother's throne, after all- his
weak demeanors will cause theShift to clasped and who knows what that will
do to my universe!
Mirai: We will not allow you to hurt the universe with your diseased powers
Saikin!

    Mirai had a true pureness within her, a child-goddess and youngest of
all the others; she was just as strong to even try to over power Saikin.
 She held a staff of new that was 2ft. and a half longer than herself.

Saikin: What spirit, being as you are the sisters of fate- I myself can
alter your own fates as well.
Mirai: You know that's only if-
Konomae: Silence Mirai!!  This Virus already has an advantage over us in
power-maybe.  She must not know the true origins of our powers, and that
will make her search for the others origins just as easy!
Mirai: I apologize.
Konomae: It's alright Mirai.
Saikin: You're boring me, if only there was a way tokill all of you, this
would be over.

    A new thought ran through Saikin's head.  That future brat just
announce something that not even Zenkami-O knew about, but only The sisters
of Fate knew. She saw them to her advantage now, they would lead her to what
she craved most- domination.
    Saikin smiled at her new tactic.

Ima: What is so amusing Saikin?
Saikin: Maybe it will be in your best interest to keep Mirai's mouth shut.

Ima: Yes, but you still do not know the true origins, and we will make sure
you never do.
Saikin: Hmm, intrigue me; tell me Konomae, are you three the only ones who
have this knowledge?
Konomae: I cannot say.

    Saikin's red/gray eyes held a deathly narrow glare. Besides Tsunami,
the Fate of Past spoke with the up most annoyance.  No direct answer, just
trying to torment her mind by making her think further about her obstacles.
 At this point Saikin did not care whether they were the only ones are not,
she knew there was a way to either make them die or just become one of the
mortal plain. She had clues, thus she had theories. She smirked at the
stupidity her twin shown.  To choose the ones who knew about True origins of
each deity, and have them face her, all to tell her something she never knew
existed until now.
    Saikin's viral power came in contact with the fate sisters.  Her virus
trying to overtake their bodies, they could not feel the pain, like any
mortal would.  To be able to describe how badly it felt for over 100 volts
of energy to bring you to your execution.
    They would not allow her disease to overpower them and they broke free.
 Three days non-stop of fighting Saikin, they were what seem tired.  Each
nearly had no more energy to go on like this.

Ima: Konomae! Mirai! Let's fight with the last bit of faith within our own
powers together!

    They nodded their heads.  The Fate Sisters ready their staffs' for one
last attack on Saikin.

Konomae: Wailing Deadly Soul Genesis!
Ima: Revolutionary Dawn Aurora Crisis!
Mirai: Revelation Evade Armageddon!

    Their powers united as one collage aiming for Saikin.  Saikin only had
one finger up in the air, her eyes closed, and a smirk upon her face once
more. She began to glow black; red, black, and graychains of plasmatic
aurora engulfed her body. Dark blue electric currentsflowed through Saikin
from head to toe. Saikin waited for the worthless energy to consume her.
    When it did, and the powerful explosion seem to weaken Saikin; the Fate
sisters were shocked.  Saikin was a virus within her whole being!  She
managed to entwine their last bit of power with her own and in nano seconds,
they felt what mortals knew as pain.  Pain? It was ridiculous to feel pain
when you were a deity. Ima couldn't withstand the torment her body just
gone through.  She was out of it in mere minutes.  Her present features were
change with the horrid colors of Saikin's virus in her body.  Konomae and
Mirai was raged, they struggled with the grasp of the virus consuming its
prey.  Soon Konomae's wailing was silent and she too was out.  Mirai was
all that was left, she continued to struggle with the virus.
    Saikin acknowledged this, because only if she was a child, Mirai had
some power left that was fending off her "attacker"; however her small
body couldn't continuen to defend herself any longer.  It wasn't until a
few more minutes before the child goddess passed out.  Saikin began her
menacing laugh, seeing her last victim slowly being render unconscious.
    "NeoSilent Lunatic Scythe of Death!!"
    "Maelstrom Celestial Dark Moon Frenzy!!
    Two powerful attacks came in two directions catching Saikin off guard.
 The plasma power succeeds in making her lose perspective of her powers.
    One woman with cyan hair that went down to her ankles held a
now-in-peaceful-sleep Mirai.  Who was lucky unlike her sisters whose bodies
were now most likely under Saikin's control.  Another woman with light
brown hair that went to her elbows stood in front of one who did not attack
Saikin.  He glares showed hatred for the one who calls "sister".

Saikin: Using women to fight your older sister now are we?
    -Her own glare was just as sharp as his was, she stared back into his
hazel cat eyes.-So Tsuki and Hoshiko have joined you dear brother?
Hoshiko: Zenkami-O could have easily join us in stopping your sick virus,
but chose not to for simple reasons that are none of your business Saikin.
Tsuki:  What have you done to the Fate Sisters!
Zenkami-O: She will not answer you Tsuki.  She did this for her reasons for
the Eternal Origins.
Tsuki:  The same mythic tale told of the Shift!   thought it were all a
fable.
Hoshiko: The Eternal Origins were said to be created by the four cardinal
goddesses of the 5th element.
Zenkami-O: The same ones who rule under me and control the Chrono Shift.
Saikin: So you figure out my motives?
Zenkami-O: What do you want with the Fate Sisters is one thing that puzzles
me Saikin.
Saikin: -she laughed once more.- Zenkami-O you ar every comedic.  -Saikin
teleported Konomae and Ima at her sides, her focus never leaving Zenkami-O.-
Did you know about the Eternal Origins dear brother?
Zenkami-O: Yes, only in legend, even as ruler of the universe I had not
known of the plans the cardinal goddesses have conjure up.
    Before Saikin could speak again, a weak speech has work its way out of
Mirai's mouth.
Mirai: The Cardinal Goddesses had a purpose for the Eternal Origins which
goes hand in hand with the reason why we protect their Chrono Shift.
Hoshiko: please little one do not speak right now.  Your very hurt.
-Hoshiko's motherly instincts left her, when her attention dawn on
Saikin.- Speaking of which, how in the hell did you manage to inflict damage
upon a god!
Saikin: Only my power can do that, I am a virus that plagues into your
fears, and yes even though we are gods we have human emotions.  They may not
surface as the humans, but they are buried deep within ourselves and you
know I am right.  Bringing us back to the subject at hand,since no one among
us except the Fate sisters and the Cardinal goddesses knewb of the Eternal
Origins.  It shows none of us know what they are and where their located.
Mirai: You'll never get my sisters to talk about the Shift or the
Origins!!
Saikin: That is where you are wrong my dear Mirai.

    Saikin formed a dark electric catalyst around her and the two fate
sisters.  Tsuki out of anger attacked the orb but had no success in
dispersing it.
    The goddess of Darkness was gone.  Now Saikin had the advantage over all
of them even Zenkami-O. The three goddesses looked to him, God of light and
creator of all.

Mirai: Please if anything Zenkami-O, promise me we'll get my sisters back.

    Tears slowly pour down Mirai's cheeks.  For her human emotions were a
everyday thing.  Sometimes the others deities look up at Mirai for her
innocence of heart as a child that was special.

Zenkami-O: I promise you Mirai.  So the war of the Gods has finally come
down to this.
Mirai: We cannot fight it alone.  There are others we can say they are
half-immortals Children of the Cardinal Goddesses if you want to put that
way.  They are the real source of theChrono Shift. However, they aren't
born yet, and that will not be until another 10,000 years or so.
Tsuki: So what do we now?

As if on cue, The Cardinal goddess of the East and ruler of Water appeared
before the quadruple.
Zenkami-O: Do you have an answer Tsunami?
Tsunami: The only thing you can do, exile your sister. It is possible until
the coming of the Shift's missing powers.
Hoshiko: We must call a cession of the deities Zenkami-O. We must stop
Saikin, together.

    Mirai saw the way Zenkami-O looked at Hoshiko. She seen the buried
emotions of something within his heart but didn't know what it was.  Mirai
was eagerly waiting to fight once more against Saikin and this time for her
sisters...

****************************************************************

The War Against Saikin


           It was a horrible war.  Amongst their own homes, Eternality was
constantly nearly torn to shreds.  Fire, and ashes arose from the planets
still among in their dimension.  Planets were being executed, and the stars
in space where the battle was taken place were slowly dying destroying
planets as well. The gases from the star explosions was giving off a sense
of "polluted solution".  Some deities were beaten to he extend of their
powers were completely gone.  Others became pawns for Saikin, controlling
them to fight against their ruler- Zenkami-O.  She loved the thrill of war
for this was the ultimate Devil, and he couldn't compare to the Goddess of
Darkness' powers.  She thrived on the minor deities fear, she was in
complete domination and not even her brother could stop her new coming
reign.

Saikin: I might not even need the powers of the origins nor the Shift at
all.
Zenkami-O: You have an alter ego.  Too much confidence is a bad thing dear
sister.

    Saikin's laughter was cut short by her only opponent worthy of
fulfilling her excitement.
    Saikin'scat eyes glowed with the death of a plague within.  She made
an effort in activating her long black energy blade that crackled with the
electric currents dark blue, gray, and red enigmas.
    Zenkami-O did the same as well, except his blade was a zig-zaged energy
sword which glowed pure white and crackled with silver, yellow, and light
green currents.

Saikin: -makes a quick motion in moving her left arm, pointing her blade in
her brother's face.- Ready for exile dear brother.
Zenkami-O: -sneers- If it means taking you down with me, so be it!

    The ultimate battle begun, when Zenkami-O sprinted for his sister neck.
 Saikin couldn't help but mock him with laughs of confidence.  She without
a blink of the eye, clashed swords with her brother.  Their strengths were
equally matched.  It was apparent because neither could get the other to
defend them selves against the other.
    Tired of her brother's stubbornness, Saikin flipped herself backwards
over her brother teleported and kicked his neck. Zenkami-O went flying
rapidly through space.  Saikin came flying in for the kill, as she readied
her black blade only wishing if her brother were mortal, it be stain with
steaming blood.  That was her desire to thrive of the pain of others and see
the sight of her lunatic thinking at work.
    She miss him only by a few inches away from his back. He was no where,
yet she sensed his train of thought and where she sense thought, she sensed
the very exact location of his being.
Saikin stabbed her blade behind her by her right side.  She was angered when
she felt nothing cling to her blade, but in the blink of an eye, saw a fist
go into her right jaw.
    They continued they never ending fight of throws, punches, stabs, and
kicks.  One not ever trying to give-up, Zenkami-O for the claim and
protection of his universe. Saikin, for the domination and ruling the
universe without the laws she see are weak and uncanny.

Saikin: I love your taste in a fight, but it's time to get serious.

Saikin formed another black blade in her right hand, her eyes closed,
engulfing herself in a catalyst of negative electric currents and flaming
stars of fire.
    Zenkami-O formed two jagged edged angel wings from his back.
 Diminishing his blade, he produced a radiant sphere of pure energy in his
palms.

    Mirai with Tsuki and Hoshiko's help were fighting against her sisters,
used as pawns for Saikin-Ohi.  They were a lot stronger than before and
fighting them was very hard to do for the child goddess.  It was breaking
her heart to do this, but it had to be done.
    They seem hollowed with no expression on their faces as they attack the
trio at once.
    Hoshiko just hoped that Zenkami-O was fending off Saikin.  She felt
weird about it all, and something was going to happen to Zenkami-O and she
needed to be there by his side.
    Tsuki acknowledge Hoshiko's facial expression, it was a concern for
him dued to human emotion known as love?  Tsuki wondered what all the
emotions meant and why was all the deities feeling them now in their own
way?

Tsuki: Hoshiko!
Hoshiko: -turns to face her- what Tsuki?
Tsuki: Mirai and I will handle them, go to Zenkami-O!
Hoshiko: I don't understand you Tsuki.
Tsuki: I sense a feeling buried deep inside your heart Hoshiko!
Mirai: The same feeling buried deep inside Zenkami-O's heart when he's
in your presence Hoshiko.
Hoshiko: What could it be?
Tsuki: A human emotion, maybe the powerful of all emotions put together?  A
wonderful and also sadden feeling, now just go! Time to talk is not now!
Mirai: Time now to fight!

    Hoshiko left them to find Zenkami-O.

    Powers collided with one another.
Saikin: Ready to end your suffering!
Zenkami-O: Dear sister, you will not get what you desire not by the darkness
in your heart! Even to be an accursed goddess of darkness, does not mean
your heart is not pure!
Saikin: FOOL!! Your stupidity shows you are a fool Zenkami!  If to have
good, you must have bad these are opposites in life except it! Without the
dark night, there is no lighted day. You and I are opposites of each other.
 You are fair while I am foul and as we make up the balance of evening the
opposites; we must both endure eternal exile!!

    Zenkami-O knew his sister lost her damn mind at that point.  She was
true to an extend, but he knew all her talking was a way of saying she felt
him to be superior than herself. No matter how she would and never will
admit it. She would rather take him with her in defeat, even in death if she
could.

    Hoshiko watched on as the battle proceeded throughout the dimension of
Eternality.  She could help him, but she was too late to do anything.
 Zenkami and Saikin were in a gray orb of great power with such a force it
would have torn a mortal to pieces.
    Hoshiko started her way to Zenkami-O.  She felt herself unable to move?
 But how? There was nothing around or behind her.

Hoshiko: Zenkami!! -she helplessly stretch her arms out as if to reach
Zenkami for safety and warmth.

Saikin started laughing again.
Saikin: Love, love for Hoshiko, are you angry dear brother?
Zenkami: What are you doing to Hoshiko!
Saikin: It is not what I am doing to Hoshiko, but what the Supreme God is
doing.  The true ruler of us all!
Zenkami: Supreme God!!
Saikin: That's right, and he was a bit jealous.  So he prefers Hoshiko as
his wife, better luck next time dear brother. -She laughs- I may not have
the potential or the power yet to destroy you, but I have the power to
manipulate whomever I want!
Zenkami-O: Why Hoshiko!?
Saikin: I've found something interesting about her source of power. the
power is in the stars brother.  She cannot control the stars of Air, Water,
Earth, and Wind.  Without her command the star creatures cannot awaken to
help you. Or give lead way to the Cardinal Goddesses in stopping me from
using the shift as I please.
Zenkami-O: You are insane!
Saikin: No, I'm more on father's evil side, and I'm not going into
exile alone.

Saikin used up all her power to force more gravity upon them both.
 Zenkami-O in effort to stop her is force to use his own power, which causes
much friction inside the orb of power.
It explodes causing a vast disturbance in the dimension. Mirai, the only
fate left used her powers to stop herself from becoming part of what was
meant for Saikin's exile became every deities exile.

Mirai: This dimension is going to clasp soon, and all of existence will be-
I must do something and fast!
    Mirai hung her hand down, she felt hopeless.  What could she do to save
them from themselves?
    Four precious metallic stones the colors were green, red, blue, and
yellow formed a perfect cardinal around her.  Tokimi-northern point and
keeper of the element Earth:  Washu- southern point and keeper of the
element fire: Tsunami-eastern point and keeper of the element water: Last
but not least Achika- western point and keeper of the element wind.

Tsunami: Dear Goddess of things to come and will be.
Achika: We are here to help you sweet Mirai.
Washu: Because we believe in your heart.
Tokimi: Also we know you will do the right thing.
Mirai: -she became radiant with joy- Thank-you so much Sisters of the Chrono
Shift.
Tsunami: We can use the Chrono Shift to Separate this dimension.
Washu: It may serve as a problem, the Shift is very unstable to control and
trying to stable this dimension with an unstable shift will cause problems.
Achika: Still we must do something. After all, Mirai is this dimension's
only hope left and we cannot send her off to be alone.
Mirai: I will be fine.  Any how I know the future, so I already have a
destination set.  The only thing is this dimension must survive someway, I
know you can do it! But it would be best to separate the dimension in half.
 Half of the deities are evil and the other half are good and they cannot
keep constantly fighting together in exile.
Tokimi: She is right.  Even if this means using the shift we must do it in
order to ensure their safety foul or fair.
Washu: Mirai, it is in your best wishes with what you want to do with this
dimension.
Mirai: Hmm, no mortal, not even a demi-god could live a long life or second
in this dimension. The only way to use someone's help is by creating a
fantasy in some sorts.
Tsunami: A fantasy? In what way?
Mirai:-chuckles- I want the dimension into a fantasy story book.  The story
can go anyway it chooses because the dimension itself is real and must act
on real events all at once.

    The sisters used their powers combined with the Eternal Origins.  In
mere seconds, the dimension no longer existed, but existed within the pages
of a fantasy book.  A book belonging to only Mirai alone, and within that
book's existence, the one holding it held the fate of the universe within
her grasp.

    All she needed to do now was wait while beginning her journey in a whole
new realm, to find those special people who can help her redeem this
dimension she now held in her hands of its treacherous doings and make it
all right again.

    Mirai had the support of the Cardinal Sisters who also vanished without
a trace, but all at once, felt their presence both in the book and in
reality. something else was felt too.  Two other presences and these two
only existed in reality as she did.

Comments: I hope I gave some "clues" beside the point of Achika being a
goddess in all. If you think that was a surprise, just wait until you here
Kagato's story!HA!  I have my reason for Achika being agoddess, trust me
jealousy and a lot of it will surface in this story. Thistime it's not the
same 'ol fights between Ryoko and Ayeka!  And I won't try to do the evil
thing some author's do to you when you're near the end of a part in a
story and than a character or sentence leaves you hanging with what the hell
is going to happen next?  I hope I don't do that unless it's necessary.
So tell me what you think about my attempt to a fic.  I am working on more
chapters for those who are getting into it without that much info.  As a
matter of fact this must be the first time I ever wrote something this far
without telling much detail, I always do that a lot!   E-mail me
Hcicely@aol.com
         Peace out!! Alpha T. Sigma
