The Devil & Mr. Masaki: 

And the Gods of Chaos Ran Screaming

Written at gunpoint by K'thardin

BG: "God help us all…"

*** 

There are times when someone of the opposite sex just turns your head.  You know how it is.  
They just walk by and something about them just reaches up and grabs you by...certain parts or your 
anatomy.
	Could be anything about them.  Their hair. Their faces. Their...attributes.  You never can quite tell 
what it is sometimes.  Other times the answer looked you right in the face, and smacked you around a bit 
just to be sure the point was across.
	For the two women who walked through the mall, it could be safely said that it was more the latter 
reason.  If it did not, most likely the person in question was blind, deaf, dumb, homosexual (unless the 
person in question was female), stupid, and dead.
	Presently the two women were in the midst of a discussion in front of a sporting goods store within 
said mall.  They seemed to be discussing what was in the display window...a trampoline to be precise.
	Though why they would be arguing about a trampoline for was beyond the flock of males (and 
more than a few females) ranging in ages from 8 to 2005 years old.
	Not that it mattered in any case, that was not the focus of their...attention.

	"Really Ryouko, I don't see what use this," she gestured in the general direction of the trampoline, 
"would be to lord Tenchi."
	"Oh I don't know...could be fun." REALLY fun, she thought wickedly, "The Terrans seem to get 
'something' out of it."  Ryouko looked sideways at Aeka.  Doesn't look like little miss tightwad got that 
one.  Ah well.  Ryouko began to grin in a manner that suggested some sort of trickery was up in her 
greyish (or possibly greenish or blueish depending on Washuu's sense of humor) matter.  Somehow 
though, I need to ditch her and get something Tenchi will REALLY enjoy.
	"No this just won't do at all.  We must get him something else." Something that won't help you 
pervert my sweet Tenchi.  Don't think for a second that I didn't know what you were going to do with 
that...device, she thought.  Besides how would Tenchi and I control the amount of bouncing?  It just 
wouldn't work!  

	"So Gen.."  asked one of the crowd of men who for some reason had a red old style starfleet 
uniform on.
	The giant panda raised a sign that he had pulled from the place where anime characters seem to 
get unlimited items like Chains, Hammers, and bad scripting, that read in really bad Kanji, "Yeah K't?"
	"What do you think they are talking about?" 
	"I don't know."  Mr. GenSao signed.
	A cosmic beingish looking man decided now would be the time to throw in his considerable 
knowledge of astro physics and existential issues that the rest of the universe only dreamed it could 
conceive of when applied to this reasonably simple dilemma. After all two such lovely...very 
gorgeous...total babes could have nothing else on their breasts...errr minds.
	However before he was able to utter this new and thought provoking and mind boggling revelation 
to the masses at large he found that trying to do it with your face planted in the ground just didn't work for 
some reason 
	"Out of my way Greg!"  The Hetai supreme of the universe commanded as he crushed Mr. Greg 
Matteson under his unforgiving heal.  "Wow!  Check out those honkers!  And their Panty's!"
	"Happi!  How in the hell can you see their panty's...?"  Of course Mr. BGlanders trailed off as he 
noticed the gaze of his erstwhile (and usually correct when it came to the hentai) companion.  Right to the 
floor where some studious janitor had applied super resilient, fantastic buff, utlra megazord wax.  The 
really reflective, nearly glowing kind.
	Mr. BGlandes looked at the reflection with awe.  "Damn.  Those are nice panties."

	For a time they continued on, until they stopped exactly where their trailing fanclub wanted them to 
stop.  A lingerie shop, with a cute pink frilly thing shown in the display window.
	The two looked at each other momentarily.  Then seeming to come to some consensus, they kept 
going.
	Many were the cries of hormonally tormented that were heard through the mall.
	Hmm...gotta be a way to loose her, Ryouko mused.  There just has to be...
	"It occurs to me Ryouko, that we might be able to cover more ground if we split up."  Aeka 
suggested suddenly.  
	Ryouko stiffened instantly.  Why she just wants to...Ryouko suddenly smiled, her wish 
unexpectedly granted.  Yes, that is absolutely PERFECT!  "I agree.  We should be able to walk around 
more areas...pick up ideas for Tenchi's gift.  That what you had in mind?"
	Aeka nodded.  "Precisely."  And when we're far enough away from each other I can go back to 
that store and try out that pink frilly outfit...I'm sure Tenchi would enjoy it later.  Oh hohohohohohoho!  
	Ryouko grinned.  Yes, and when you're far enough out of site...it'll be so easy to teleport back 
here and get something that Tenchi will truly...find a use for.  Bwhahahahahahahah!

	"They're laughing."  Mr. K'thardin noted.  "Is that a good thing?"
	Mr. BGlanders scratched his head and considered this for a moment.  "I...I don't know."

	It took them a moment to realize they were cackling like Washuu, which immediately cased them 
to cease faster than Ryo-ohki could eat a new batch of carrots.
	"Well then," Ryouko offered her hand, "Let's get to it."
	Aeka grasped the offered hand.  "Indeed."  After a couple of minutes of mutual shared 
angst...err...agreement they swiftly turned from each other, and set out in opposite directions.

	"Oh no!  They're splitting up!"  Wailed Mr. Akodo X in despair.  "Guys...whatdowedo?"  He 
watched the group's individual gaze follow the women as they left.  "Guys?"  They split up and began 
following the girls, depending on their individual tastes.  "Guys?"  he asked, still ignored.  Shrugging he 
began to follow Ryouko.
	Only one of the group was left.  Torn in indecision about whom to follow.  "Which one?"  Mr. 
K'thardin cried in frustration as he tore his hair out.  "Which?"  Finally the stress of trying to decide whom it 
was he was to follow broke his already tenuous grasp on reality.  Suddenly a demonic light entered his 
eyes.
	"Ho Warrior!  I see that thou hast the same look in his eyes, that I myself on occasion have been 
know for!"
	Mr. K'thardin didn't even acknowledge Kuno's presence when he madly screamed, "I shall have 
them both!"
	Kuno brandished his boken to the uncaring heavens.  "Yes take them both...for that is how 
it...OOOF!"
	As Mr. K'thardin ran over Kuno, in his insane state, he also forgot that when one also runs head 
long into matter of a greater density and balance, such as the fountain in the middle of the mall, one usually 
loses.  When he found this out he also contracting a mild concussion, several broken bones, and 
discovered that he could make a really cool gurgling sound as his unconscious body sank under the water.

	Here in a second it should be safe to...to...her gaze wandered into a shop.  A relatively unassuming 
shop, as all such shops are, masking the it's wares...belying the temptation inside.  "Chocolate Dreams..." 
She mouthed soundlessly.
	Oh...my...no!
	A step toward the shop.
	I cannot!
	Another.
	I've got to watch my figure!
	A few more 'til she was standing right at the viewing window...displaying a few of the delectable 
morsels.  I've got to watch my figure!  I've got to...
	"Miss, if you're going to look at the candy, would you mind not drooling all over the place?" 
	Aeka blinked, wiped off her chin, and looked down at the puddle around her feet the janitor was 
studiously cleaning up.
	Blood rushed to her face, and her cheeks reddened VERY noticeably.  "Oh, my."

	Hmmm...before I head back to that shop, I need to find something that I can really...A store sign 
caught her attention, pausing her thoughts.
	"Kiki's knives and cutlery."  She read out loud.  "Well I suppose I could check it out."
	Slowly, with probably a bit more hip motion than should probably be legal, she sauntered over to 
the store.
	Taking a peek inside, she gasped in rapture.  The walls were packed to the gills with cutting and 
slicing tools of various shapes, sizes and uses.  The far wall, behind the counter, caught her attention.  
Drawing her to it like a moth to a flame.  "My, my, my...just look at all the cute little instruments of death."  
She breathed in near sensual softness.  "Tenchi is a swordsman, I'm sure one of these he might like.  Even 
Aeka would have to agree."
	"Would you like to see one?"
	Ryouko turned her head slightly to the left, to look at the owner of the voice.  "Sure, if I could?"
	The young woman smiled.  "No problem."  Walking past Ryouko, and around the left of the 
counter, pausing only momentarily to unsnag her loose fitting black dress that had billowed into a wooden 
chair, and had gotten stuck on a burr.  She stopped in front of the swords momentarily.  "Umm...which?" 
She asked.
	"Oh...right."  Ryouko pointed. "That one."
	The salesman began unfastening the sword.  "Hmmm...interested in swords I take it."  With no little 
amount of effort she hefted the massive blade into both of her arms.
	"No, it's just my future husband is a swordsman."
	She proffered the Claimore to Ryouko.  "Ah a gift for him then?  Careful it's..."
	Ryouko hefted it from the startled clerk one handed, testing it's balance; considering what uses it 
could be put to.  "Yeah...though I'm not sure he would like this one."  She casually tossed the blade over 
her shoulder clobbering an unlucky Mr. BGlanders upside the head with the flat of her blade.  He made a 
nice crunching sound as he hit the floor at a speed not too healthy when one wishes to prolong life.  "He's 
more of a Kendoist."
	The clerk turned around again and scanned the contents of the wall.  Selecting a stylized Kitana 
clone she pulled it off the shelf.  "Perhaps he might like something like this then?"  She asked as she handed 
the much lighter weapon to Ryouko.
	As Mr. Akodo X dragged out the incapacitated Mr. BGlanders another couple with a young girl 
entered the store.  One of them being a tall woman with shoulder length blue hair, the other being a short 
man, with hair that looked as if he were imitating a candlestick, and the child looked no more than 3 had 
short black hair and a cute pink dress.  The short man was not in the least enthusiastic, to put it mildly.
	"Why are we here woman?" he growled
	The woman sighed.  A long and despairing sigh that spoke of the innumerable times she had had 
similar conversations, and the innumerable conversations to come.  "Because I want to get Trunks another 
sword for his birth day."
	"He doesn't need another one!"
	The woman smiled then. "You're just scared that with two he might cut off more of your hair."
	The man absently touched a part of his hair where indeed it did look like it had been artificially 
shortened.  "Now listen here..."
	
	A pervert had been watching the woman who liked the swords with both Mr. Akodo X and Mr. 
BGlanders.  The woman with the strangely spiked cyan hair.  The woman with the golden eyes that 
bespoke of a nature, so feral, so primal that it was only by an incredible act of will alone was she able to 
contain it.  In fact, if one were to arouse that passion, one had be prepared for whatever it was one was 
expecting...and quite a number of things that one couldn't.  The woman with the hips that swayed ever so 
sensually, though she could not possibly be aware of it, as she moved about.  The woman with those 
amazing breasts that bounced ever so slightly as she breathed and walked, that now swished and swayed 
back and forth so rhythmically as she expertly handled the weapons proffered to her.
	Now it had become too much.  The temptation, the promise of those burgeoning bosoms, as they 
continued their hypnotic movements had overridden what self-control he had.  Arms outstretched, ready to 
grab, he leapt at her.
	"Give me some sugar, baby!"  She was so surprised by this man's shear audacity to perform such 
an act that she didn't even react as the pervert forcefully grabbed her pulchritude and completely buried his 
head between them.
	When she finally did act, she growled low and with a menace of angry tiger.  She grabbed Mr. 
Happi by the scruff of the neck and threw him towards the entrance; unfortunately the blue haired woman 
happened to be in his flight path.
	Not dismayed in the slightest, the hentai began preparations for his next feel.  "Alright!  Another 
one!"  The woman looked down in shock at Mr. Happi as was buried in the softness of her chest only to 
be snatched up seconds later by the man beside her.  An aura of golden power had formed around him, 
and his hair had turned white blond. His eyes told Mr. Happi of the many ways he was going to die, in a 
VERY short amount of time.  "ooo...not good."  Somehow Mr. Happi slipped out of his captor's grasp, 
and evaded the Ki blasts that followed him.
	"You little HENTAI!  No one but me touches my mate like that!  I'll send you to the next 
dimension!"
	The little girl laughed and pointed at the man.  "Nya!  Daddy got censored!"
	He glared down at her.  "Shutup!"

	Eyes starry and wide entered the chocolate shop, soon followed by a pretty face, framed with 
Lavender hair, and a body to kill for.  Each savory morsel on display was devoured first by those eyes, 
then the imagination...oh just to have one little bite, she thought.  A sign on one of the stands caught her 
attention.  'Ask attendant if you want to try a sample.'
	Oh no!  I mustn't! She hedged toward the counter...I can't!  
	Of course you can!  Tempted the chocolate, Why I bet you are just dying to try us!
	No... 
	Yes...the siren song rang in her mind. Eat us, Eat us, Eat us, Eat us...
	"Oh I guess one couldn't hurt."
	That's the spirit!
	Hmm...why is no one here, she asked herself as she reached the counter.   A bell was next to it.  
Gently, she reached over and tapped it.
	A mess of blond hair came into view, from behind the counter.  "Oh hello, welcome to,"  The 
blond blinked...twice.  "Oh hi Aeka!  How are you?"  Mihoshi asked cheerily, "This is one of our new part 
time jobs.  We had to get another one since we kept going..."
	"MIHOSHI!"  A voice screamed from the back room.  A voice that sounded like it screamed at 
the blond on a regular basis, if one were to pay attention to the practiced sound, and near perfect ups and 
downs of volume, which pronounced the word fantastically.  The owner of that voice quickly followed, 
almost timed as the last bits of the scream faded from notice.  "How many times have I...oh hello Aeka, 
how's it going?"  Kiyone grabbed one of Mihoshi's ears to punctuate the sentence.
	"Owww...that hurts Kiyone...owww..."
	"Hmm...yes well I was looking for a gift for Tenchi, and noticed this store, but I'm not sure what 
exactly he'd like in it.  I was wondering if I might perhaps get a sample of some of the absolutely wonderful 
looking chocolates you have here?"
	"Well that's no problem, but don't you think you should be watching what you're eating.  I mean 
with the way you snack it's surprising that...ERK!"  Kiyone twisted her ear a bit more.
	"Umm...that'll be no problem.  Which did you want to try first?"
	Aeka pursed her lips as she considered her options, "I think perhaps I'll try..."
	"SWEETO!"
	"EEEK!"  Aeka threw up a shield in reflex knocking the poor hentai that had jumped her way 
senseless, and knocking a poor defenseless panda that had been drool...err...standing near her through the 
display window.
	'GenSao AWAY!' he signed as he flew head long into a ki blast, scattering his atoms to the next 
dimension.
	A short man with spiked gold hair, an aura of power, and a really foul temper flew in through the 
window.
	"Where did that pervert go?  WHERE?"
	The three women looked around them.  They had seen Aeka's forcefield knock him nearly 
unconscious, and he dropped down somewhere near.  He seemed to have vanished in any case.  "I'm not 
exactly sure."  Aeka turned to her two companions; "Did either of you see where he went?"
	Both shook their head.
	His aura flared brighter, and his hair grew more spiked.  "Damnit!  I'll kill that pervert!"  He 
suddenly turned his attention to Mihoshi.  "You have my order this week?"
	She pulled out a pad of paper from Mihoshi space (quite different from subspace and Hammer 
space in all actuality) and scanned it.  "Yep, 13 boxes of truffles, 10 boxes of mixed chocolates, and box 
of super sweet Hershey's morsel's for one Vegitable."
	"THAT'S VEGITA! AND DON'T YOU FORGET IT!"
	"Right, sorry Mr..Umph"  Kiyone smiled, and tightened her hand over Mihoshi's mouth.
	"We apologize, your order is ready whenever you want to pick it up."
	He nodded, turning, he flew out of the store.  "You better hope that Kakarrot finds you first you 
little letch!"
	Sweatdrops abounded.
	
	Two men watched a hentai get knocked down by a force field, a panda fried by a ki blast, and a 
man using said Ki flying around ordering chocolate, all in the same store.
	Shrugging to each other, they decided to check it out.

	Mr. Akodo X had dragged the unconscious body of Mr. BGlanders out of the store, and to a 
nearby bench. Presently he busily trying to wake his nearly wasted friend.  "Poor BG.  I told him not to get 
too close.  But does he listen to me?  Nooooo!"   Hmm...how am I going to wake him up? he wondered.  
Ehh...the old ways are usually the best.  He started slapping Mr. BG into consciousness.  "C'mon BG!  
Snap out of it!" After a couple of minutes of the pain therapy Mr. BG's eyes began to flutter, and he began 
to regain some sense of what was going on.  "Alright!  BG!  Talk to me."
	His eyes went from glossy to focused back to glossy.  "Fix me." He croaked.
	"Sure thing BG!  Right away!"
	Watching Mr. Akodo rush off to wherever he was going, Mr. BGlanders began to concentrate on 
fighting the urge to slip back into the realm of total oblivion.
	A strange mumbling, wheezing sound caught his attention.  Glancing up, trying to ignore the wave 
of nausea and dizziness this act caused in him, he began to process what it was that had made that sound.
	Absently he noted the theme from the Godfather began playing on the mall speaker system.
	"Hi Don, how's it going?"  Mr. BG heard another unintelligible set of syllables from THE Don 
Euclid.  "No, Akodo went to get something for me.  I'll be fine in a few minutes."  THE Don's eyes grew 
narrow as he muttered something else.  "Well I got this when we followed some incredibly good looking 
lady with these great tits and blue spiked up hair."  A very puzzled look overcame THE Don and his next 
bit of muttering sounded just as puzzled as his expression.  "No, but I think that's why Happi was running 
like hell with that one guy on his tail.  As for her hair...there she is now."
	THE Don looked...and looked, and looked some more.  Ryouko had emerged from the store, 
pissed as hell judging by the red glowing eyes, the contorted face, and the orange energy crackling around 
her, as she clenched and unclenched her fists at her sides.
	Both of the males, their libido's telling them to pay very close attention, were giving her 
walking...swaying form, their total concentration.  In fact it was so complete that neither of them reacted as 
a chandelier from the ceiling that was hit by one of the ki blasts Mr. Happi avoided, broke free.  Still no 
reaction was given when it fell on Mr. BGlanders.
	Mr. Akodo X rushed up to the bench, a wet cloth and aspirin in hand.  "Hey BG, sorry I took so 
long," he called, "but I had to fish K'thardin out of the foun..."  He looked around, seeing his friend was 
nowhere in sight.  "BG?  Where'd you go?  BG?  BG?"  Noticing THE Don, Mr. Akodo X walked over 
and attempted to get his attention.  "Hey Don, you seen B..."  He may have completed his question, had he 
not caught sight of what, or rather who, THE Don Euclid was staring at.  Even angry as she appeared to 
be, Ryouko was sooo sexy as she walked.
	THE Don muttered something.
	Mr. Akodo nodded not taking his eyes from her.  "I agree.  Let us follow her."
	Mr. BG, alone and forgotten, moaned in agony from under the chandelier. Until a large part of the 
ceiling also broke away and fell on him.  "Another One Bites the Dust" began playing softly from the mall 
speakers in the background.

	Ooooohhh...that little HENTAI!  If I ever see him again I'll do things that'll take twenty years to kill 
him, and he'll be screaming for mercy in the first five minutes!  She raged to herself.
	I need a drink.  She decided.  Bad.
	She teleported back to the bar, forgetting to take into consideration the effect it would have on the 
common populous.
	THE Don Euclid gasped in surprise...then his head drooped, and he moaned pitifully.
	Mr. Akodo X fell to his knees, and pounded the ground in absolute all consuming despair.  "Why?  
Oh why did she disappear?  Take me instead damnit!  Take me!"

	A now thoroughly sated princess, on a massive sugar high, figured now was the perfect 
opportunity to return to the lingerie shop that had that absolutely adorable pink frilly thing in the window.  
Bouncing toward the store seemed like the best way in her current condition.
	"Ugh."
	"Hmm?"  Oh, I jumped on...She glanced down where the groan came from.  "Oh excuse me!"  
She jumped off.
	The cosmic beingish looking man stood up shakily and cracked his neck.  "No problem.  Been 
happening all day."
	"Do you need some help?"
	He smiled a bit wryly. "No, I think I'll be fine."  She nodded and continued bouncing over a bench, 
over the fountain, and on the head of Mr. K'thardin knocking him back into the fountain some 
compassionate soul had rescued him from.  Not stopping until she reached her destination.  "Strange 
girl...one wonders...GACK!"
	Mr. Greg forgot the first rule, that when making wise and profound leaps of consciousness and 
being, one needs to watch that the universe doesn't send something to throw a kink into the works.
	A kink in this case being a shapely red head in Chinese clothes, a really HUGE mallet, and a very 
angry girl with bad taste in dresses.  In that order, on top of his head.
	The Janitor cursed when he saw the mess he had to clean up this time.

	Unmindful of the untimely demise of Mr. Greg and the drowning gurgling of Mr. K'thardin; those 
who had been following Aeka clustered outside of the shop, hoping, just praying, they would catch a 
glimpse of her nubile form.
	Either in outfit...or out of it.

	Ryouko rematerialized back in the bar, slightly above one of the empty barstools.  Plopping down 
on it, she motioned the bartender over.
	"What can I get you?"  he asked simply.
	"A blood lust.  And keep 'em coming."
	He nodded once.  With the skill exceeding that of some of the greatest fighters and bartenders of 
the universe he gathered the ingredients to her drink, mixing them expertly, bottles being juggled and 
switched with laughable ease, giving the entire bar a show.  As impressed as she was, something about the 
bartender tickled the back of her mind, the way he moved, what he looked like.  It was...familiar 
somehow.  "Do I know you?"
	The short man with the spiked white hair, adjusted his sunglasses, scratched his beard and grinned, 
showing off his slight fangs.  "You?  Nope.  Not at all."
	Shrugging she let the matter drop.  She put some money on the table and pushed it toward him as 
he finished making it.  As she accepted her drink a conversation to her right caught her attention.
	"The universe is a dark and lonely place."  The guy who said that was wearing some heavy 
traveling clothes...green pants, and a yellow shirt.  Also a leopard spotted bandana. He was also well on 
his way to being very drunk.  Taking a long pull from the bottle of Jack Daniels, as it seemed he had long 
ago gotten past the point of shots, he turned himself and his attention to behind him.  "Ain't that right 
Kenner?"
	Mr. Keener looked to either side of him...to the girl on either arm.  "Yes...absolutely, Ryouga!  
What do you think?  Minako? Yohko?"
	"Here, here!" They shouted, raising their drinks in toast to the statement.
	"I'll drink to that!"  Someone yelled.
	"And to Keener!"  Ryouga raised his bottle again.  "Caretaker of the dark and lonely place!"
	"I'll drink to that!"
	"Damnit Fujisawa!  You'll drink to anything!"  Ryouga growled.
	"Yep!"
	Ryouko shrugged.  Strange crowd today.

	Looking at herself critically in the dressing room mirror, Aeka bounced slightly.  The sugar still 
rushing through her system.
	"I don't know," she said to her companion, luxuriously running her hands up and down her sides.  
The effect, while enticing, was not...what she was looking for.  It didn't seem to be her, for lack of a better 
term.  "This pink frilly one...it does look good, but I'm not too sure about it."  She turned toward her 
companion.  "What do you think?"
	She smiled tolerantly.  "I think I know what would be more...to your liking."
	"Really?  Oh thank you, Miss..?"
	"Urd.  And please, quit bouncing." She placed a calming hand on Aeka.  "Lingerie requires subtly 
and finesse to achieve maximum effect.  Such energy should be conserved for," Urd's smile turned sly and 
slightly naughty.  "Other activities."
	"Oh yes."  Using an incredible amount of will Aeka forced herself to calm.  After all...the goddess 
was right.  That kind of energy would be better employed when it came time to use these outfits.

	"Oh yes...thatsh wats I needsed."  Ryouko drunkenly slurred as she rematerialized, a bottle that 
she had shared with Ryouga in hand.  Ryouko looked at her current surroundings.  Eyes focusing as best 
they could on the racks of leather, lace and, cute little outfits, that left just enough to the imagination to 
entice the significant other further.  Yep, seems like the right place.
	"Can I help you?"
	"Yesh...I wanna somting that'll makes my man jump alls overss me!"
	Urd smiled.  "You have come to the right place."  Ryouko absently passed the bottle to Urd, as 
Urd put the leather Dominatrix outfit over her shoulder.  Never one to pass up a drink, Urd accepted and 
promptly downed about a quarter of what was left.  "Come with me.  I'll find you something...extra 
special."
	"Leedsh on."
	
	Ryouko was entranced.  All these lovely items of seduction at her finger tips.  Surely one of these 
would attract Tenchi.  Only problem is would be to keep him from dying of excessive blood loss, she was 
sure Washuu could whip up something to fix that.  It just wouldn't do for him to die...but he sure would be 
going to heaven tonight!
	Urd walked in with a couple of more outfits.  "Sorry about that.  I had to drop off that other outfit 
to the lady in the other changing room."
	"No prob."
	"Hmmm...which do you want to try first?"
	"I like this blue sash like one...lets try it."
	"Good choice"

	Aeka lovingly caressed the whip in her hand, admiring her flawless form in the mirror.  Yes...this is 
just perfect!  She shifted herself into a more dominating stance, the leather squeaking as she moved ever so 
slightly.  In her mind she could see it.  See Tenchi as he bent down to worship her...no she wouldn't even 
have to force obedience from him.  He would come willing, eagerly even.  He would bow to her...call her 
mistress, meaning it with his whole heart.  Worshiping her with his body, his heart, his very soul.  And she 
would accept him eagerly...without any reservation or worry that that demon woman would bust in and 
ruin everything...oh no.  Not tonight.
        Still it'll be kind of fun to play with him a bit.  The whip unwound, and Aeka jerked it up and down 
sharply.  A loud crack echoing through the store.  "Oh ho ho ho ho ho...this'll be more than enough to have 
Tenchi begging to come to me!  Oh ho ho ho ho ho ho!"
        
        Ryouko snapped up.  "What the..?!"
        "Something wrong?"
        The slightly intoxicated space pirate looked around.  "No...thoughts I heardssh somethins."  
Shrugging, she turned her attention back to the mirror.  "Yoush was right.  Thats blue one wass too 
small...coudle hardly move.  This Pinkd frrilly thingss, is just right."  She started sniffing..."Youss smell 
that?"
        Urd smelled the air.  "Smell what?"
        "That..." Ryouko fumbled, she couldn't quite identify it.  It was incredibly familiar.  She had smelled 
this perfume, these hormones before.  In fact...no! It couldn't be!  She's too stuck up to...to... "Is there a 
woman here?  Long purple hair tied into two pony tails, and scarlet eyes?"
        "With a wooden head ornament?  Yeah she's here."  Oh wait a second...that was the outfit I gave the 
other girl...first...I don't think she much likes the other girl.  Urd thought to herself in worry.  A not 
unfounded worry as she watched what happened next.
        Ryouko growled, a deep menacing growl (she does that a lot for some reason) that started from the 
bottom of her stomach, and tortuously climbed through her lungs, her throat, finally escaping her mouth, 
through teeth clenched as tight as they would stay together.
        "AEEE..." Orange red lighting began to play around her body, every so often escaping from her 
body, and caressing the walls and floor.  "EEEE..."  Her eyes began to take on the same color as the 
lighting, glowing brightly, so bright the sun was put to shame.  "KKKKKKAAAAAAAA!!!!!"  Swifter 
than thought the power was concentrated into a ball, and projected toward the adjacent fitting room.

        "Seion?"  Mr. Ryoji Kaji asked.
        "Yeah?"
        He pointed at Kiyone.  "Don't you think that Teal trussed one is a total babe?"
        He considered it.  "Yeah I suppose, though I think I like the blond one better."
        "I think I'm going to go up and say hi."
        Kiyone smiled at him brightly as he approached.  "Hello!  Welcome to our store. Did you need help 
with anything?"
        A strange smile crossed his features as he looked directly at her...well tried not to look directly at 
her...oh hell, he was loosing the battle not to look at her endowments.
        "Well yes...I would like two melons..." She looked at him funny.  "I mean chocolate melons...the ones 
over there."   He recovered quickly.  Damnit!  I don't believe I just did that!  A small flash of light passed 
through the store, right across...his field of vision, or the fields of his vision, depending on how one wished 
to look at it.  I don't believe...oh my god.
        "Is something wrong?"  Kiyone asked, moving slightly.  All of the sudden it occurred to her that she 
was moving much more freely than normal...and she had a sneaking suspicion of what it was, judging by 
Mr. Ryoji's gaze.  Glancing down, her suspicions were confirmed.  Indeed there was a split in her dress, 
right across the chest, that bared her bosoms for all the world to see.
        Mr. Ryoji collapsed from the mortal wound of nosebleeds.
        "What the hell happened to Ryoji?"  Mr. Seion asked, as he walked over to his fallen friend.  So 
intent on his condition was Mr. Seion, that he didn't even notice Kiyone's new sense of fashion.
        "Uh well..."
        "Oh wow!  What happened to him?"  Mihoshi asked.
        Mr. Seion glanced up...and right into Mihoshi's soft breasts.  And then right to the floor.
        Mihoshi's hands flew to her mouth in surprise.  "Oh my."
        "Shit.  Just what we need!" Kiyone fumed.
        
        A ball of yellow light flashed through the bar...blasting wholes through walls, bottle, people, and 
various other things as it sped through the establishment.  Suddenly Vegita, and another man burst into the 
tavern.
        "Hey!  Did anyone see a pervert around here?"
        The guys in the bar grinned mischeivously, looked at each other for a very long moment, and finally 
shook their heads negative.
        The blond man with the aura of power snarled his rage.  Glancing around the bar only served to 
frustrate him further.
        "You know Vegita, it appears that guy really isn't here.  I don't think we're going to find him very 
easily."
        Vegita glanced behind himself, toward the taller man that had accompanied him.  
"Kakarrott...You're..."  His snarl turned into a very sinister smile"...right.  Perhaps there are other ways 
of...WASTING THAT LETCH!"  Vegita's form blurred.
        Goku looked up.  "Uh oh."
        Mr. Keener looked at him.  "Uh oh what?"
        "He's going to blow up the whole mall."
        Mr. Keener's eyes popped out of their sockets "WHAT?!  The hell he will!  Happi, get your ass out 
from under there!  You're not taking us down with you!"
        A muffled reply came from under the table.
        "NO!  Get out!"
        Another muffled reply.
        "You're what?!  That's a really perverted thing to do to Minako you know!"
        The blond Senshi shrieked...though it was a very odd sounding shriek.  Almost as if...naaaaaa.

        Ryouko looked at Aeka.  Aeka looked at Ryouko.  Ryouko looked at Akea again.  Aeka looked at 
Ryouko again.  Ryouko looked at Aeka's outfit.  Aeka looked at Ryouko's outfit.  Ryouko looked at 
Aeka's whip.  Ryouko spat hard, then fell to the ground clutching her sides, a small choking sound seeming 
to come from her, that steadily grew louder and louder, until finally Aeka could discern, amidst the falling 
timbers and screams of those running for their lives, the sound the fallen demon was making.
        "eh..eh..he, he, he, he, HEH, HEH, HEH, HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"
        Urd looked at Ryouko.
        Urd looked at Aeka.
        Aeka looked at Ryouko again...and suddenly Aeka no longer looked like she was attempting to be 
sexy.  No, blood red killing rage would be more appropriate now.
"Oh, hehehheh, thash is, heheh, so you!  Ojou-sama to Oyabi!  Right Aeksa!  
BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!"
	Aeka's recovered her poise, looking every inch the imperial pricess she was.  Even, strangely 
enough, in that outfit. "Well at least this is more dignified than that...that nothing YOU are wearing!"
        Urd looked to both girls again.
        With an amazing amount of will she restrained her mirth.  But only so she could poke more fun at 
Aeka.  "Dignsisfied?"  She slurred.  She rose from the floor wobbling slightly as she attempted to maintain 
what balance she could.  "Youss can't eeven fill that ousfit right."  Her large breasts bounced nicely as she 
puffed her chest out to emphasize her...points.  About half those in the windows, they could see now that 
most of the walls had been...removed, fell out.  "I meanss your motser would be sooo dissapointed...her 
dauggter cants even do the brise groomss traning right! Too little to wors with!  
BWAHAHAAHAHAHAAHAH!"
	"They will do the job they are designed for.  Anything else would be a waste of space."  Aeka 
sniffed haughtily.
	"Oh quits trying to cosempate for your lacks! Nost everyones can haves good breasts...likkkee 
me, and yours mother, and evens Sasamish when she grows upss."
	That did it.  To be reminded that her mother had larger bosoms than her was one thing.  She bet 
she could still out do Ryouko in looks even with the size difference.  However to be reminded that her 
adorable little sister had...those attributes to look forward when she herself didn't, took the cake.
	Little logs began forming in the general area.  Energy began to connect them in an intricate network 
of power designed to solidify and harden into a nigh impenetrable energy shield made of near Light Hawk 
energy.
	Urd considered her options.  O.K. Both of them are not from this world...that much I gathered 
immediately.  Apparently they can both call upon massive powers, both of which spring from a higher 
dimensional source.  Most likely, judging from the flavor, that source is one of the original goddesses of the 
trilogy springing from fath...errr...Kami-sama himself.
	This is not good, she concluded.
	Ryouko clasped her hands together, forming a ball of power in them.  "Oh you wans to fightsh 
huh?"
	So what we have here, Urd decided, is two really powerful women, one drunk, one on a massive 
sugar high, and a failure to communicate.
	That decided things for her.  
O.K. I'm out of here.  Urd crossed her arms over her chest and disappeared in a portal that appeared in 
the floor.
	The two locked stances, and engaged their powers.  Those stuck on the window, entranced by the 
two nearly nude specimens of perfect females, didn't last the first volley.
	
	"Hey Don! Look!  There they...errch!"  THE Don couldn't look, because he suffered the same fate 
as Mr. Akodo X.  That being a massive outflux of people vacating the mall on the grounds of discretion 
being more intelligent than watching two scantily clad women move their awesome bodies over each other 
as they fought.
	One Mr. Navaash Fenwylde, having finished his own shopping, failed to notice the mass exodus as 
well as the reason for it.  He sat down next to the fountain and lightened himself of his burden of purchases.  
In the process he placed his hand on one of the statues that had been hit by a pencil's width blast of 
Ryouko's power.  It fell over...right on top of the two on the ground.
	Mr. Navaash glance up to where the statue used to be.  "Hmmm...they need to make better 
fountains.  That could have hurt someone."

	"The universe is a dark and lonely place." Ryouga lamented.
	"You keep saying that."  Mr. Keener told him.  "Personally I think we should...vacate the area 
before that crazed Saiyan sends...you're going to die Haim Saban, KILLS US!"
	"No I mean it..." He brandished a broken and slightly melted Whiskey bottle.  "This...This 
is...terrible!"  An Aura of blue-green light surrounded Ryouga, as his depression deepened.
	"What's wrong Ryouga?"  Ryouga showed Fujisawa the blasted bottle.  "Oh My GOD!"  He 
grabbed the bottle and clutched it to his chest, like one would a dying loved one.  "Oh the horror!  Oh the 
humanity!"  A blue-green aura began forming around Fujisawa.  "The world is a dark and lonely place."
	"Oh screw this!"  Mr. Keener tried to leave, but found it very hard with two beautiful girls hanging 
on him, one crying her eyes out, one shreiking in...well it wasn't fear, and weighing him down.  "Nooo!  
This cannot be happening!"  The two girls clutched at him as hard as they could.  "Someone save me!"

	Vegita had finally finished powering up. "5."  Hands went to a ki blasting positon.  "4."  Sites were 
lined up for optimum damage.
	
	"Yes, dark and unforgiving."  Fujisawa and Ryouga intoned together.  Aura's flaring brighter.
	"Someone help me!" Mr. Keener cried again to any Kami that would listen.

	"3!"  Vegita's Hair grew longer, and curved down touching his feet.  His golden aura flared even 
brighter, blinding the inhabitants of Tokyo as they stared at this new sun that had appeared above one of 
their malls.

	Aeka's forcefield charged to super maximum.  "So Ryouko you want a real go of it!  I'm up to it 
then!"
	"Yous not even close to the lesel nessessarie to takking me on!"  Lighting played around Ryouko's 
drunken form, igniting the walls as it licked it's surface.

	"2!"

	"Dark and lonely..."
	"Nooo!!!!! Help me!!!!!"

	Ryouko and Aeka powered up to their final maximum, still in their lingerie.

	"1!!! FINAL FLASH!!!!"
	"SHI SHI HAKOUDAN!!!!"
	Screaming with all the fury of two very horney and frustrated (not quite the same thing mind you) 
women they unleashed their full powers against one another.
	
	"Awwee man..." Mr. Navaash complained as he fished Mr. K'thardin out of the fountain, minus a 
statue.  "You need to watch what you're doing K't.  Your insanity is going to get you killed one of these 
days."
	Mr. K'thardin eyes opened to witness the approaching balls of light as they grew closer to his 
position in the fountain.  "Oh thank god.  The hurting is about to end!"
	"You see there..." Mr. Navaash pointed toward the blasts.  "That's what I'm talking about!"

	The explosion took out most of the downtown area.  Strangely enough one survivor was found 
amidst the wreckage.  He was found clutching some panties and mumbling something about having done 
something to some woman, as he was crawling out from under a bunch of the debree.
	Another scene was of a blue haired woman in a slightly singed dress, who just happened to be 
screaming at a short man with candlestick like hair was noted to happen some 5 miles from the blast point.  
Also it was noticed that a little girl with them was saying something about Mommy not being censored like 
Daddy.
	And as for the two women in the lingerie shop?

	*Ding-Dong*
	"I'm coming!"  Nobiyuki got up from the sofa, annoyed at having been disturbed watching the very 
-educational- show about lifeguards on the beach.  Watching those female lifeguards run up and down, 
their unfettered breasts bouncing up and down with each hurried step as they..."Wonder who could this 
be?"
	Opening the door, two bedraggled and burnt lady things in toasted lingerie stumbled into the 
house, each one carrying one half of a Claimore sword, and a couple of boxes of oxidized chocolates.
	"Here."  They handed it to their prospective father in law.  Turning to each other's back, they 
collapsed and slid to the floor.
	"Ahh...did you two have a good shopping trip?"  Nobiyuki asked.  So torn up did they look, that 
not even his normal hentai instincts reared their rather large and predominant (at least in his life) head.
	Ryouko looked at him lamely; too tired to get even a whiff of anger in her voice...and settled on 
giving him A Look. The kind that communicates all sorts of opinions about intelligence and just what kind 
of tortures that would just make the lookers day to perform on the lookee after asking that stupid a 
question...had she the energy that is.
	Mihoshi and Kiyone entered the house seconds later, just as charred as the two on the floor.  They 
crashed right on top of Aeka and Ryouko.
	Nobiyuki looked at them critically.  "Ouch."

*** 
BG Commentary:

Special thanks to K'thardin for guest writing this side story.  This is 100% his insanity…err…genius.  He 
deserves all the credit.  So send it screaming towards

Kthardin@geocities.com

Later folks.
