
Don't Fear the Reaper Tenchi!
By: Ryan Baker


Disclaimer: Everything is owned by AIC or Pioneer.. Period.. Even stuff I make 
up. 
So there! Sweet and to the point.
*                                          *                                           
*                                            *

PART 1:The Introduction 
	It is full night now at the Masaki residence, and the moon is close to 
full.  The 
water on the lake is shimmering in a bright, and to a couple of lovestruck alien 
girls, a 
romantic manner. 
"Hey Tennnchiiii!" screamed Ryoko. "Lets go sit by the lake tonight how bout 
it!"
"Why in the world would Tenchi want to sit by the lake with a booze drinking- 
vile piece 
of pirate filth like you!" screamed Ayeka in a shrill voice from the top of the 
stairs, her 
head having whipped around the corner at top speed to react to Ryoko's question 
before 
Tenchi could.
"Oh yeah princess?" snapped Ryoko in an irritated manner "at least I don't take 
half a 
Millenium to put on makeup to convince myself I look beautiful. You should just 
give up 
you flat faced ogre."
"Why you dispicable excuse for a half-witted drunkard I half a mind to beat you 
senseless!" screamed Ayeka in the fore mentioned shrill tone.
"ERRRRR" growled Ryoko and Ayeka at the same time as bits of lightning and 
minature 
floating logs appeared seemingly out of nowhere.
"Hey you too stop fighting! Dinner is almost done I'm just finishing up." 
Commented 
Sasami from the kitchen, her voice somewhat muffled by the closed door.

Meanwhile, outside on the porch.

"Sheesh those two never give up even the smallest things turn them into 
maniacs." 
thought Tenchi, sighing softly as he looked out over the waters of the 
shimmering lake.
"I just wish they could take a minute to examine how annoying they sound 
fighting all 
the time."

A soft but growing sound came to Tenchi's ears while he was pondering the 
everlasting 
tempers of the two women of his life that lived with him.

"What in the world could that be?" Tenchi pondered as he peered out into the 
darkness.
"I can't see anything but I can still hear that strange sound. I guess I better 
go 
investigate."

Tenchi walked off the porch and towards the sound, which was coming towards the 
exact 
opposite side of the lake from the house.  As he reached the edge of the forest 
at the other 
end of the lake he noticed that much of the flora and forest that was growing 
near the lake 
was dead as if something had quickly snuffed the life from them. "Now this 
doesn't make 
any sense!" he said quite confused. "Well I'd better get back to the house and 
tell 
Washu."

Back at the house.

"Hey where did Tenchi go he's not on the porch anymore." Ryoko said confused
"Really? How odd it's not like Tenchi to go wondering off right before one of 
Sasami's 
famous dinners." Said Ayeka, sounding worried like she almost always is when 
Tenchi's 
not around.

Suddenly Tenchi came running into the house knocking over Ayeka who was 
pacing up and down the living room, wearing out the carpet. Which of course 
didn't 
matter, because it probably would be destroyed in one of Ayeka's and Ryoko's 
heavyweight bouts.

"Aaaagggggg", screamed Ayeka as Tenchi tripped over something on the floor and 
grabbed on Ayeka pulling her to the ground hard.

"Tenchi what is the matter why are you running full tilt into people?" exclaimed 
Ayeka, 
as she rubbed her behind and grimaced in pain.

At that exact moment Washu also came running full tilt out of her lab. tripping 
over a 
small cabbit, that got in the way while trying to help Sasami set the table.

"Tiiiiiiimmmmmbbeeer!!" shouted Washu as she lay on the ground laughing 
hysterically, 
for no apparent reason as she is opt to do occassionally.

"Miyaaa Meeeooowww Miyaaaaaa!!!" exclaimed Ryo-ohki angrily 
<TRANSLATION: "Watch where your going you psycho!!!">

Finally, Washu picked herself up off the ground, as Ryo-ohki stuck her nose up 
in the air, 
Sniffed, and went back into the kitchen. "I have to say Ryo-ohki is starting to 
get a bad 
temper." Washu said, a little upset. "Probably not getting her daily allowance 
of carrots."

"Washu! Washu! Thank god you're here, something weird is going on outside. The 
other 
side of the lake is starting to die or something, the grass is brown and the 
trees are 
starting to die!" exclaimed Tenchi still trying to gather his breath from his 
full-tilt-
olympic-style sprint from the other side of the lake."

"Yeah I know, that's why I'm here I'm afraid something has come up from Earth's 
Underworld" explained Washu patiently.

At this moment a loud roaring is heard, everyone rushes outside, where Tenchi's 
grandfather has already arrived to greet the return of Yagami from another 
patrol misson.

The entire household was shocked when the Yagami didn't fall into the lake or 
blow an 
engine but settled down safely. (Although there were moments when the Yagami was 
swinging around wildly when everyone thought a crash inevitable).

"Darn you Mihoshi! How many times have I told you to watch where your landing 
and 
go slowly!!! Growled Kiyone in an annoyed tone.

"Im sorry Kiyone, please don't be mad at meeeeee!" cried  Mihoshi  as she 
grabbed 
onto Kiyone and started balling. Kiyone just growled and rolled her eyes.  

Tenchi waved at the two detectives."Hey Kiyone, Mihoshi, thank goodness you're 
here 
something strange is going on.  The other side of the lake is staring to die and 
is 
spreading!"

"What do you mean Tenchi? How can it just be dying?" asked Kiyone, while Mihoshi 
was hugging everyone in sight.

"I can explain." Said Washu in her scientist tone. "I was in my lab when I 
detected 
strange anomalies coming from the other side of the lake somewhere just within 
the 
forest." "I believe if Tenchi had wondered in any further he may have crossed 
over to 
earth's Underworld."

Everyone suddenly gasped as they realized the significance of what Washu had 
just said.

"You mean Tenchi would have died if he had step to far one way or the other?" 
asked 
Ayeka who was a pale as a newly washed sheet.

"No No No. That's NOT what I said", growled the small genius irritably "I said, 
he 
would have crossed over to the Underworld, I NEVER said he would die. Pay 
Attention 
already will ya?!!"

"What the hell is the difference Washu, can you tell me in layman terms?!" 
shouted 
Ryoko as her temper once again took control of her mouth.

"Because, dying is when your body has ceased to be able to maintain itself, and 
when 
the cells can not reproduce or heal sufficiently." Growled Washu, who was just 
passing the 
point of somewhat annoyed and heading at full gallop towards REALLY annoyed " 
"While passing over into the underworld just means that he would have gone into 
the 
underworld and been lost, not the same as dying don't you think?"


BOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!             CRAAAACCCCK!!!!!!

"What in the world was that?!!" screamed Ryoko as the ground began to shift and 
split 
open under her feet.

"Watch out Ryoko!", screamed Tenchi as the hole got bigger.

"A hole no problem." Said Ryoko as she levitated over the hole. "But you guys 
better 
watch out its growing fast."

Fortunately for everyone, and of course the house, the hole stopped growing.
But out of the hole came a strange sight to behold. It was a male humanoid about 
6 foot 8 
inches tall completely dressed in black with his head completely bald.  The 
cloak he wore 
had a  hood which was pulled back haphazardly and oddly leaning to one side.  
The 
man's skin was a light gray in color and his face was somewhat lean.  He was 
young 
though; he didn't look like he was older than 21 years of age.  He also carried 
a scythe 
which had a black shaft and handgrip and whose blade glowed a light tinge of 
red.

"Errr.. What a bad entrance. Damn those fools! I'll stop them however long it 
takes!" 
moaned the gray man, who was obviously completely oblivious to the stares being 
sent 
his way.


"Huh hmm." said Katashito as he cleared his throat to get the stranger's 
attention. 
"Hello there I was just wondering if you could explain what is going on."

The stranger looked up in surprise as he heard Katashito's voice "People! I 
thought this 
place was uninhabited!"

After dusting himself off and making sure his cloak was straight he made his 
scythe 
disappear  suddenly and with no hackneyed Hollywood special effects. Just plain 
and 
simple. 

"Well I'd like to explain but im not quite sure you would believe me if I told 
you." Said 
the stranger laughing in nervous way while scratching his head.

"Believe me I have seen many a strange thing, and I am not so rash as to not 
believe 
you.", stated Tenchi while rolling his eyes for emphasis.

Sasami suddenly piped up an said  "What is your name anyway I don't think you 
have 
told us yet."

The stranger smiled down at the beautiful and powerfully cute little girl. 
"Well, you sure 
are cute if you tell me your name I'll tell you mine.", said the stranger 
grinning widely.

Sasami was of course blushing furiously at the compliment bestowed on her by 
this 
strange looking person, but she pulled herself together quickly.
"My name is Sasami, let me introduce everyone to you.  The girl with the purple 
hair is 
my big sister Ayeka, who is first princess of the planet Jurai." Ayeka bowed 
politely, 
even though the signs of suspicion were in her eyes. "Nice to meet you."
"Next to her is Ryoko the greatest space pirate in the universe."
Ryoko being who she is just frowned at him. Sasami just softly chuckled 
nervously as 
both Ryoko and Ayeka stared openly at the stranger. Finally she composed herself 
and 
continued.  "The boy who Ryoko is wrapped around is Tenchi Masaki" 

"Wrapped around?" said Ayeka as she snapped out of her staring spree.

"Ryoko get your hands off Lord Tenchi before I decide to teach you a painful 
lesson you 
won't soon forget!" screamed Ayeka, who was barely able to keep her bottomless 
pit of 
temper in check.

"Oh really, and how are you going to do that exactly you weak little kitten?!!" 
yelled 
Ryoko right back, who was also getting quite angry...again.

Meanwhile Sasami just rolled her eyes and whispered the rest of the 
introductions in the 
strangers ear.

"Ahh I see, thank you Sasami." Said the stranger smiling down at Sasami who 
again who 
smiled her famous smile. "You're welcome mister, so...We have introduced 
ourselves, so 
how bout you introduce yourself?" said Sasami, trying to speak over the mayhem 
going 
on behind her.

"My name? Well my name is Lloyd Sims. I am a grim reaper basically, everyone who 
is mortal, and is a native of earth, once they die may 
become one so as to keep the underworld in order."

Washu suddenly piped up "Are you the one responsible for the forest dying on the 
other 
side of the lake?"

"WHAT?!! It can't be. They couldn't have found out where I am so quickly!" 
exclaimed 
Lloyd, who started running towards the other side of the lake.


<5 minutes later at the other side of the lake>



"So Lloyd you said that someone is looking for you and has caused this. Care to 
explain?" said Washu looking at Lloyd questioningly.

"I think we should go inside before I speak of these matters", said Lloyd who 
was 
obviously deep in thought, and who had a grim look on his face.

"Alright everyone lets go back inside and rationally try to figure these things 
out." 
Katushito said calmly.

Everyone than shuffled back around the lake and into the house.  Mihoshi and 
Kiyone 
were already asleep having a very busy patrol, with all the disasters Mihoshi 
narrowly 
avoided causing. Nobayuki was of course locked away in his own "Pervert's 
Paradise", 
and nobody, not even his own son would step foot in that house of naughtiness.  
"So Lloyd please have a seat and tell us your story." Said Katushito who somehow 
had 
already obtained a cup of tea and was sitting on a pillow. Everyone in the room 
except for 
Lloyd and Washu just stared and pondered how he did that.

"Sure no problem," said Lloyd "just let me compose myself."

After a few minutes Lloyd sighed and began

"Well, this is how it started..."  END PART 1

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------
<<<AUTHORS NOTE: Well that's the end of Part I. I have to leave off somewhere 
for a 
couple of reasons: 1) im not a god and I need my sleep and 2) I want to think of 
a good 
second part.. This is of course my first fic, and I know I use the word "Said" 
after 
quotes too many times, so if anyone wants to write me a email and give me some 
suggestions on other ways to tying quotes in, other than script format, just 
give me a 
message at ryanbaker@ev1.net . 

<<<AUTHORS NOTE>>> If the story lacks a moving plot its mainly because I wrote 
this to get ideas on paper. Eventually I want Lloyd (lame name I know but oh 
well, he IS 
a grim reaper.) To do certain things which would tie him pretty closely into the 
Masaki 
household. I have a bunch of ideas but  I never know what to do with them. I am 
not well 
trained in writing stories and can't get away from doing certain things. If I 
had my way I 
would have no dialogue at all. But of course dialogue is a major part of all the 
series 
success. Oh yeah by the way im going to avoid having Nobuyuki in the majority of 
the 
story as well, I just don't like how he was treated in the series, and I don't 
want to get 
into a philosophical argument. (HE HE anywho..) if anyone can give me advice, 
again 
I'd appreciate it.
