             Where Is She? Part 2 of The Dissapearence

                      I do not own these characters, only this STORY is
mine,
I think Pioneer or something owns them.  Look for an official website if you
want to find out/ Please don't sue me cause the only money i got is whatever
you can find behind the couches.  I really like this show, and so if you
want
to see a Tenchi show but it's not on or you can't, this is for you!  It's
not
based on an actual epsiode, and it mixes details of all 3 Tenchi series
together.  All right, on with the story!

                         The Masaki household was in distress, everything
had
been normal, Mihoshi was watching Tv, and everyone else was just hanging out
when Kiyone had dissapeared.  She had been at the table talking when
suddenly
Kihoshi had noticed she was gone.  All they had found was her headband, a
hole in it with a slip of paper in it that said " help me- kiyo-'  and that
was it.
    Now Mihoshi was in tears, while Sasami tried in vain to comfort her,
Tenchi was
 pacing back and forth, Ryoko was sitting at the table staring into space,
Ayeka was watching Tenchi, Grandfather and Tenchi's Dad appeared to be
thinking deeply, while Washuu was looking annoyed for some reason.
    " What I don't understand is how she could have been captured right in
front of us without anyone of us noticing!" Ayeka said at last.
    " I still say it's a joke.  Comeon Tenchi, let's go do something!"
Ryoko
asked in a bored voice.  Ayeka glared at her with pure loathing in her eyes.
    Tenchi gave Ryoko a dark look.  " Ryoko, I don't think this is a joke!
besides, even if it were, how's Kiyone dissapear without us noticing?"  and
with that, Ryoko was quiet.  Everyone was silent again.
    " To find Kiyone, we gotta know how she left without us seeing her,
right
Tenchi?"  Sasami asked slowly.
    " That's right Sasami." Tenchi replied.  Slowly Sasami turned toward
Washuu.
    " Washuu can help us then!" Sasami said happily startling Washuu so much
that she fell out of her chair.  " Oops, sorry Washuu"  Sasami said.
    " And how exactly can I help?"  Washuu replied stubbornly.  Sasmi gave
her a look that plainly said, ' You're the genius!'  however, she replied
out
loud, " Your time machine!  We can go back into time and watch to see where
Kiyone went!"  shouted Sasami.  Everyone stared at her.
    " I believe Sasami has the answer!" Grandfather exclaimed.
    " B-But aren't you all forgetting something?" Mihoshi replied through
her
tears.
    " Like what?" Ryoko said rather nastily.  Mihoshi looked hurt.
    " Her time machine didn't work!"  and with  that, everyone's  happiness
slumped.
    " It seems to me that we should look again for clues,as there is nothing
else we can think of.  Am I right Lord Tenchi?"  Ayeka asked.  Everyone
agreed.
    " Ya know, we should split up into search parties!" Tenchi's Father
suggested.
    " I'll go with tenchi!"  shouted Ryoko and Ayeka at once.  Tenchi
sighed.
 He looked pleadingly at his Grandfather.  Catching the hint, and sensing
another fight, Grandfather quickly settled the matter.  " No, I think it
would be far more sufficient if Washuu and Tenchi's Dad looked around the
path, Ryoko and I could look in the house, Sasami can go with Tenchi to the
Temple, and Ayeka and Mihoshi can check out in the fields,"  some grumbling
and others looking happier, they all set out.

                " Hey! I found something!"  Mihoshi  cried.  Ayeka quickly
rushed towards her, stumbling on the rocks.
     " What is it Mihoshi?" she asked.
    " A pretty flower!" Mihoshi exclaimed, Ayeka sighed, and would have
slapped herself on the forhead if she wasn't First Princess of Jurai.
    " We are no looking for flowers Mihoshi, we are trying to find your
partner, kiyone, remember?"  Ayeka said through gritted teeth.
    " Oh, yeah, no sign of her yet!"  And with that, Mihoshi kept walking.

           " Tenchi, are we going to find Kiyone?"  Sasami asked Tenchi as
they walkaround the Temple.
" Of course we are Sasami!"  Tenchi replied, trying to sound cheerful.
    " I sure hope so, Mihoshi is really upset.  Do you think any of the
others have found anything?" She looked hopefully at Tenchi who smiled and
said, " Well, not yet, but if they do we'll hear your dinner gong, speaking
of dinner, I bet you we'll find Kiyone in time  so she'll be able to eat
dinner with us!"  feeling a little bit better, Sasami pulled him to a spot
where they hadn't looked yet.

             Ryoko and Grandfather were still looking around the house with
no luck, hears Washuu and Tenchi's Dad ringing Sasami's dinner gong they
quickly start running to the path.
    " What do you think they found?" asked Ryoko.
    " Your guess is as good as mine"  And then they were silent.

     Everyone had heard the gong, and soon they were gathered at the
begginning of the path.  Tenchi's Father was there, looking rather pale.
    " What is it Dad?" Tenchi asked.  "where's Washuu?"
    " That's just it, I don't know, she gone!"  They all stared at him.
    " Your  kidding!"  Ryoko said.
    " No I'm not!"  Everyone collapsed on the ground.
    " Oh no!  Another disapearence!"  Ayeka wailed.  Everyone was thinking
the exact same thing, just like Kiyone, Washuu had disapeared, and with just
as little evidence as Kiyone as to where they were.  It was  going to be a
long day.

   So, how was it?  Chapter 3 : She's gone!   will be coming up real quick,
I
promise!  Critism, praise, and words of wisdom are welcome, go to: Kprofsea
@
aol.com

