
                  Disclaimer:  I don't own these characters, someone else
who
is big and famous does, this is NOT based on a true episode, it's for the
purpose if you want to watch a Tenchi show right now but can't, so I tried
to
make this seem like a real Tenchi show as much as possible! Again, I DON"T
OWN THESE!!! Look on an official website to find out who does, ok?

                                   Tenchi Masaki woke suddenly from a
strange
dream that made him feel weird.  He sat up quickly, panting. ' What was that
dream about?' he thought, ' It was so strange...so real.. must of been
Sasami's stew last night, I thougt it tasted kinda funny...' and with that,
he got out of bed, got dressed, and completly forgot about it.

     He ran downstairs , smelling something good which meant Sasami was
making breakfast.  Aeika, Mihoshi, Kione, Grandpa, and his Father were
already at the table.  Washuu was in her lab as usual, and Ryoko-
  " Hey Tenchi! How 'bout a morning kiss? Hmm?"  SHe appeared in fornt of
him.
 " Aah!" he said as he tripped in surprise and fell down the stairs.
  " Oh no, are you hurt Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked.
Aeika got up from the table and ran towards them.
 " Thanks Aeika" Tenchi said as she came towards them.  But instead of
helping him up, she came over and slapped Ryoko.
 " You terrible creature, how DARE you touch Tenchi!?" she screamed.
 " But he liked it, it's much better than you're touch, Princess!" Ryoko
said
in a tanting voice.
  " You-you- you demon!" Aeika screamed.  Everyone sighed, it was a normal
morning.
  Tenchi got up and walked toward the table just as Sasami came in carrying
a
big plate of something that smelled great.  She appeared to be having a
little troubly carrying the heavy plate, so Tenchi said. " Do you need a
little help Sasami?"  she smiled and said " Thanks Tenchi!" and so he took
the plate and set it on the table for her.  " You're so nice Tenchi!" Sasami
said.  He turned dark red.
" Uh, gee, thanks, I guess!"  and Ryoko and Aeika stopped fighting for a
moment and slowly turned toward Tenchi and Sasami.  Imedietly they were
beside him, glaring at Sasami, who, ignoring them, called out " Breakfast is
ready!  Come on!  WHo's hungry?"  and everyone smiled and stared eating.
After everyone was done , Sasami cleared the plates away.  " Come on
Mihoshi,
we gotta get going!" Kione told Mihoshi, who was staring at the TV.  " Just
one more minute, PLEASE kione!?  It's my favorite show , Space Police Police
Man!"  Mihoshi cried, and so Kione sighed and turned to return talking with
tenchi's dad.  " It must be real exciting being a Space Policman!" he said.
" It would be more interesting if I worked without the ditz" Kione mumbled.
Realizing that everyone was staring at her, she quickly said, " I mean, it's
not as scary and dangerous if you aren't alone!"  so everyone calmly turned
back to what they were doing.
   Aeika was talking with Grandfather abou the trees in the spring, Ryoko
was
watching Sasami play with Ryo-Oki and laughing at his tricks, while Tenchi
was staring into space.  Seeing that Tenchi was alone, Ryoko took her chance
and appeared beside him.
" Aaah!  Ryoko, I wish you would stop doing that!  It's gonna give me a
heart
attack!" He said angerly.
  " I'm sorry Tenchi, I was only trying to talk with you!"  Ryoko burst into
tears, this made Tenchi very uncomfortable.  " I-I'm sorry Ryoko, I didn't
mean..." Ryoko smiled at him, " Really? Oh Tenchi!" and she would have flung
her arms around him if Wasuu had not just jumped out of her lab, most likely
saving Tenchi from extreme embarrassment, and shouted "  I am a genius!"  '
Where have I heard that before?' thought Tenchi as Washuu's two little dolls
popped over her shoulders, praising her.
  " Ooh, now what have you invented Washuu?" asked Mihoshi who was about the
on;y one who actually admired  Washuu a little.
  " I have invented, the great Time Machine!"  she said, throwing her arms
up
into the air, expecting applause and shouts of joy.  Instead, everyone
stared
at her with bored expressions except Mihoshi, who was clapping her hands
enthusiastically.
" What's a Time Machine?"  she then asked.  Washuu clapped her hand to her
forehead and sighed.  Seeing this, Grandfather quickly came to the rescue, "
I think Mis Mihoshi means, what is it's purpose?"  And both  Washuu and
Mihoshi gave him looks of thanks.
  " The Time Machine is used to-to, well, let me show you!"  And she pulled
out a tiny metal object.  " I am now going to take us 3 minutes into the
past!"  she said, and she clicked a little red button before anyone could
protest.  Fortunetly, nothing happened/
 " I don't understand!  What's wrong!? It owrked fine a minute ago!" and she
went back into her lab, mumbling.
  Everyone sighed.
 " Tenchi, would you please take me to the Shrine?  It's so peaceful!"
Aeika
asked.
  " Sure Miss Aeika, I guess,"  Tenchi replied.
   " Take me too!" Ryoko exclaimed.
  " But Ryoko, you said you'd take me flying with you!"  Sasami said.  Ryoko
frowned, remembering, that, indeed she had promised, and she liked to keep
her promises.  Aeika looked smug.  ' I can't leave her with Tenchi alone!'
Ryoko thought angerly.  But her frown soon turned into a smile as she
thought
of a plan.
" You're right Sasami!  You're lucky this time, Princess, but I'm sure that
I'll have fun taking your dear sister flying!"  And Aeika, who had been
dreaming of her and Tenchi alone together, quickly came back into reality.
" What?  Sasami, youcan't go flying with that creature!"
" Maybe you should stay here then, and keep her company, she was so looking
forward to flying!"  Ryoko suggested, and seeing Sasami's eyes fill with
tears, Aeika sighed deeply and said, " Well, alright!" And she stamped off
with Sasami trailing behind.
" Now then Tenchi, how about me and you-" But whatever Ryoko was proposing,
it was broken off by Mihoshi's scream.
" Now what is it?" asked Ryoko, irratated.
" She's gone!  Kione's gone!" cried Mihoshi.  And soonthey looked, around,
realizing she was right.
" She might have left for work," suggested Tenchi.
" She never leaves without me though!  No matter how angry she is at me!  Oh
where'd she go!?" wailed Mihoshi.
" Do not worry Miss Mihoshi, we shall search for her." Grandfather told her
gently.  So they all started looking around the house for her,they caught up
to Aeika and Sasami and they started looking to.  2 hours later there was no
sign of her.  Grandfather, Tenchi's Dad, Aeika, Ryoko, a tearful Mihoshi,
and
even Washuu ( who had been dragged out of her lab to help) assembled on the
couch, exhausted.
Just then,  Sasami came bounding in, Ryo-Oki at her heals, holding the band
that Kione always wore around her forehead, it was torn and ripped, so a
small hole in the middle of it was there, and a tiny piece of paper was
squeezed in it.
   Everyone stared.  " I found this near the begginning of the path," Sasami
choked up, said.  Quickly Tenchi grabbed the paper at of the hole, while
everyone gathered around him.  In scribbly letters they could barely make
out, they words, Help Me Kio
  Aeika gasped, Mihoshi screamed, and Tenchi's Dad fainted.  " I was right!'
Mihoshi screamed. " Kio, she was trying to write Kione but couldn't finish!
She's been captured!"  Everyone stared at her, for once, she was right.
Kione, had somehow been kidnapped even though she had been sitting at the
table, surrounded by them all.
" but, but how could she have been captured?" Ryoko asked.  " She was right
there, beside me at the table!  It must be a stupid joke of hers!" she said.
FOr some reason, the funny feeling Tenchi had waken up with, returned, and
he
didn't think it was any sort of joke.

    Ok, Chapter 2: Where is she? (In which someone else disappears too) will
be coming really, soon, questions, praise, and critisiscm are welcome, just
go to my email address Kprofsea @ aol.com.
