Tenchi & Ayeka: Rediscovery of Love by Bryon Youngblood

Chapter 1- The Beginning of a New Day

It was a hot summer’s day at the Masaki shrine. It was about 7:45 am.
Tenchi was lying in his bed resting. Meow! Tenchi heard a very famliar
voice in his room . He woke and found Ryo-ohki on his blanket staring in
him in the face. “Good Morning,Ryo-ohki..”
Tenchi said to his cabbit friend. He patted Ryo-ohki on the head and
headed downstairs to see if everyone was awake. He looked all over the
Masaki home and found no one was up yet. He just sat down and thought to
himself about everything, which had happened, in the recent months. His
graduation from high school, his working more at the shrine, among other
things. Curled up,Tenchi sat there and waited to see if anyone else was
up yet. Then he heard a noise and thought it was nothing. Tenchi thought
no one would be up for a couple of more hours and so he decided to take
a short walk. He walked around a little field near the Shrine and was
thinking to himself, not even noticing Ryo-ohki was following.
Soon,Tenchi noticed his friend and picked up Ryo-ohki and put her on his
shoulder and walked along. Ryo-ohki and Tenchi walked for an hour before
they headed back. By that time, everybody was up and waiting for Tenchi
and Ryo-ohki to come back. Tenchi tried to enter stealthy but Ryo-ohki
saw an assortment of carrots Sasami had lied out for her. Ryo-ohki went
dashing and was easily spotted by everyone. Tenchi then stepped into the
dining room and sat down at the far end. Ayeka and Ryoko were eyeballing
him,wondering where he was. Tenchi just sat and waited for Sasami to
finish with breakfast. Soon after they ate, everyone went on to do their
own things. Tenchi went deep into the woods to train himself a little
bit. He had to try to give himself a challenge as he leaped around the
trees until finally jumping,spinning and pulling out Tenchi-ken and
slash at one of a tree’s branches, chopping it down instantly. Tenchi
stood as he let the wind blow in his face and then he continued.
Although, Tenchi never noticed, but Ayeka was watching him from a
distance. She was amazed at how skilled the man she loved was in combat.
She sighed as she sat there,watching Tenchi slash down branches at quick
speed. She smiled as she continued to gaze at Tenchi as he continued to
practice.
Ayeka sat there even after Tenchi left. She sat there and was sad
because of her feelings for Tenchi meant nothing now. She sat motionless
for what seemed forever. Then she got up and headed back for the shrine.
She then knew what had to be done to clear her mind.


Chapter 2- Moving On

Ayeka immediately went to go talk to Katsuhito, Tenchi’s grandfather.
Ayeka stepped into his room and said,”Grandpa, I would like to leave.”
Katsuhito didn’t understand what Ayeka meant and looked at her with
surpise in his eyes. Ayeka then explained she need to get in touch with
her feelings and wanted to know what to do. Katsuhito suggested that
they prepare a cabin that they had in the woods for her to stay in. She
immediately accepted and was given things she would need…..
food,clothing,blankets,toothpaste and brush, and other bare essentials.
Ayeka had begun her walk into the woods and found the hard gray stone
cabin which she would stay in until she was ready to return to the
shrine.It had been a decent 3 hours since she left home to be in this
cabin. However,the Jurain princess seemed at ease in this cabin. She
started to unpack her belongings and settle in the cabin.
Unfortunately,at excatly 5:30 PM, a rainstorm had begun and Ayeka sat on
her bed looking at the rain. Then she saw someone walking to the cabin.
It was a figure that seemed familiar and then she opened the door and
saw Tenchi soaking wet with a small bag in his hands. She saw the look
on Tenchi’s face and let him inside the small cabin. “Lord Tenchi, what
are you doing here??”,Ayeka asked with wonder in her eyes.Tenchi said,
“Grandpa sent me here to bring some things you forgot, Ms. Ayeka.”Ayeka
smiled and took the bag out of Tenchi’s hands as their hands touched
each other and then Tenchi was about ready to leave when Ayeka
said,”Tenchi,I don’t think it would be wise to go out into that storm
again…… You should at least stay until it stops.” Tenchi knew Ayeka’s
intentions were out of kindness, so he accepted her offer. They then sat
on the floor and chattered about things in the past. Then Ayeka yawned
as she was tried. Tenchi looked at her and smiled at Ayeka in a way he
hadn’t smiled for the last 12 months. Ayeka suggested,”Tenchi, it is
getting late. Don’t you think we should turn in??” Tenchi stood there
motionless and nodded his head yes. Ayeka knew though she was worried
that Tenchi might not have a blanket or anything so she stood up and
said “Um….. there is one slight problem, Tenchi. I’ve only got one
blanket and I don’t know we should share it…..” “Oh, It’s OK, Ayeka. I
brought a spare one just….in…..case…..
”Tenchi eventually grabbed his blanket and discovered it was soaking
wet. Tenchi didn’t seem to mind at all though. “Tenchi,Surely you’re not
going to sleep with that damp blanket. We can share mine,then that way
you’ll be able to stay warm.” “Ayeka, I wouldn’t want to impose.” “You
wouldn’t be. Now, I think we need some sleep.”
Ayeka replied with a smile. Tenchi knew he could trust one of his closet
friends.
Tenchi crawled into the bed as did Ayeka. “Now,that wasn’t hard,was
it,Tenchi??
Good Night and sweet dreams…….” Ayeka said sleepily. Tenchi
replied,”Good Night and sweet dreams,Lady Ayeka….” As he went to sleep
at the sound of the rain.


Chapter 3-Once more with some Feeling

Tenchi woke up in the morning and saw it had stopped raining. He woke up
to see Ayeka using his body as a pillow. Tenchi couldn’t bare to wake
Ayeka and so he carefully moved her head onto the pillow and he got out
of the bed and stepped outside. He gazed at the dew on the grass and the
trees and saw the sun rise in the early morning.
He stepped outside after changing into a sweatshirt ,a pair of
sweatpants, and a pair of tennis shoes. He grabbed his sword Tenchi-ken
and went to go practice. Ayeka woke up shortly a few hours after Tenchi
did to the noise of his practicing. She stepped outside and saw Tenchi
really was pushing himself to his absolute  limit. Ayeka knew this was
something she would never forget, no matter what happened. She went over
to Tenchi and tapped him on the shoulder. Tenchi knew Ayeka was there
and stopped.
“Good Morning, Ms. Ayeka. Sorry if I was disturbing you…” “No,No not at
all,Tenchi.”
Ayeka said with a small smile on her face as she saw Tenchi in a rare
stage. She then decided to leave Tenchi to what he was doing beforehand.
She just sat over by a tree and thought about all the bad things which
had recently happened to Tenchi Ayeka started to cry a little bit
because of what had been happening to Tenchi She then began to cry
hysterically. Tenchi continued to practice as he never noticed Ayeka was
crying. He then heard the sound of sobbing. Tenchi then noticed it was
Ayeka crying hysterically. He then walked up to her and asked if
anything was wrong…….. Ayeka didn’t answer because she was so sad.
Tenchi then decided Ayeka should get some sleep because she was crying
so bad. Tenchi grabbed Ayeka and picked her up onto his shoulders. Ayeka
didn’t seem to mind as Tenchi ran towards the cabin and then he heard
dripping again. He knew it was about to rain and hard. Before it had
begun to rain, Tenchi had gotten into the cabin with Ayeka still on his
shoulders. At least now we’ll be safe from the rain……… Tenchi thought.
While it rained, he stood there gazing at Ayeka as she slept there so
peacefully. “Ayeka looks so beautiful right now. She reminds me so much
of Sakuya…”
He just didn’t have the heart to wake her up, so Tenchi just quietly
walked around to make sure he didn’t wake Ayeka up. Hours
later……“Tenchi??”,Ayeka said quietly as Tenchi was surprised that the
princess was up. “Yes,Ayeka?” Tenchi replied. “Would you, could you stay
here a little longer ??” God, she must not want me to leave. Maybe I do
owe Ayeka this……Tenchi thought quietly. He nodded Ayeka his reply. Ayeka
smiled at Tenchi and Tenchi smiled politely back. Then Tenchi just
decided to lie there in the bed. Ayeka, using Tenchi’s body for a pillow
again, was at least happy. Tenchi put his arm on her arm and just went
to sleep. Later on, Tenchi woke up to a small breeze in the room and saw
Ayeka standing in the doorway looking at the rain. Tenchi walked over to
Ayeka and stood behind, holding her hand to reinsure her. Ayeka smiled
at Tenchi and they stayed there, staring at the rain……..


Chapter 4-Going Home Again

Morning. Tenchi and Ayeka had been at the doorway all night and
eventually fell asleep.
They were there all morning sleeping. Later on that afternoon, Tenchi
and Ayeka never ever talked about that past night. They just had gone on
about their business normally and just were shy around each other after
that. Tenchi knew he was beginning to have a sense of feelings for Ayeka
after that night. He just walked around the forest region of the Misaki
property wondering about his feelings for Ayeka. He walked and walked
until he couldn’t walk anymore. He just then returned home where he just
sat down and began to think. He and Ayeka had just gotten back after 3
days in the woods and Tenchi needed to know what happened between him
and the princess. He then knew he had to clear his head.He just grabbed
his jacket and backpack and left for Tokyo. Ryo-ohki,however,
knew Tenchi might want some company and snuck into his backpack. Tenchi
began to walk around Tokyo trying to clear his head. But,so far no
success. Then,Ryo-ohki popped her head out of his backpack which shocked
Tenchi. “Ryo-ohki! How did you….?” Tenchi knew Ryo-ohki was being kind
to him and besides Tenchi couldn’t send Ryo-ohki back since she was here
now. Tenchi had Ryo-ohki on his shoulder and  they walked and eventually
stopped to get some food. Ryo-ohki, of course, got a carrot and Tenchi
chose an apple. “Well, If you must know Ryo-ohki I’m having personal
problems at the moment. I’ve just been nothing but a dark soul since
Sakuya’s death and I’m afraid that if I fall for Ayeka, she might……. I
just think any girl who’s with me will end up dead……
What I’m saying is, Ryo-ohki, is that I’m confused about everything and
everybody I know,epecially my love-life.” Ryo-ohki was listening vividly
and then she said “Meow,Meow,Meow.” Tenchi smiled and said, “Well, I’m
glad you and I are talking, Ryo-ohki. Well, let’s see….” Tenchi sat
there and thought for a few minutes and jumbled images of everyone he
cared for in his mind………….
He began to think about everyone of his family and what they gave him in
spirit………
“You and Sasami give me a sense of kindness ,Ryo-ohki. Kiyone, honor.
Mihoshi, laughter, Dad, a love for life, Grandpa, courage and strength,
Ryoko, friendship and Ayeka…….” Ryo-ohki looked as Tenchi realized the
most obvious of all things…..
“Ayeka gives me a sense of love.” Tenchi began to smile and realized he
loved Ayeka.
He grabbed Ryo-ohki and then ran to get home as soon as he could. He and
Ryo-ohki just arrived home and Tenchi just hopped on the couch and lied
down and just dozed off.
He smiled lying there just as quiet as a mouse, but he didn’t wanna wake
anyone because it was late. So he just dazed off into dreamland.
Then Tenchi knew he would have to tell Ayeka about his feelings for her.

“In the morning” Tenchi thought looking up at the ceiling and having
images
of Ayeka from when they were in that cabin. The way she smiled as they
talked,
& the sadness in her eyes from when she cried. Tenchi knew he did love
Ayeka….


Chapter 5-Confessions of the Heart

The next morning, Tenchi sat down and continued to think about how he
was gonna break the news to Ayeka. He thought over and over again how he
wanted to. He just couldn’t think of the right things to say. He then
thought to himself, “I’ll just say what’s in my heart….” Tenchi then
waited for the right moment to tell the princess. He thought late that
night would be as good as ever. Later on, after eating dinner, Tenchi
sat down and then got up and went towards Ayeka’s room. He knocked
lightly on the door.
“Ayeka ,are you in there??” “Yes, what is it Tenchi?” “May I come in,
please?”
“Yes.” Ayeka was sitting on the floor. She then stood up as Tenchi
walked up to her.
“Ayeka, I need to get something off my chest.” Ayeka looked at Tenchi
and said,”What?” “Ayeka, I,I,I,I,I,I…” “ What do you want to say, Lord
Tenchi?”
“That I ….I…I love you……” Ayeka stood there motionlessly. Her heart
stopped and fluttered like a nervous butterfly. She turned and looked at
the honest look on Tenchi’s face. She knew that Tenchi couldn’t have
been lying to her right now.Tenchi just said,“I’ve never been good with
emotional stuff, but I know deep down in my heart I love you, Ayeka. You
seem to be the other person besides Sakuya who made me smile and love
life. I think, no, I know that you feel the same way about me….. I never
thought I would say it but thanks to a little help from Ryo-ohki I’ve
done that. Just please be  mine Ayeka……” Tenchi gazed at her waiting for
an answer. He then turned around and was heading for the door as Ayeka
stood there……….. motionless and silent.“Ayeka??”
Ayeka then blushed and ran over and hugged Tenchi saying “Oh,Tenchi! I
wish I knew sooner…. I,I love you too!” Ayeka began to cry tries of joy
as she continued to have her arms around Tenchi’s neck. Tenchi then
hugged Ayeka back and they both gazed at each other realizing they could
not ask for more…..  Tenchi then felt Ayeka press her head against his
chest   and  was suddenly aware of how close they were. Ayeka then
looked up as she and Tenchi were face-to-face, looking into each other’s
eyes. Tenchi could feel Ayeka’s breath on his lips as he and the
princess drew themselves even closer drawn together like a couple of
magnets. Then, Tenchi’s lips brushed lightly against Ayeka’s. Tenchi
then pulled back and saw Ayeka’s face blushing with a bright red as she
was stiff as stone. Tenchi thought, “She looks even more lovely than
ever before. I wish I told her I loved her soon and I would be sharing
this with her. I guess I shouldn’t have been so cruel to my family.”  He
then realized he did care for everyone of his family members.
Tenchi smiled to himself and felt Ayeka’s heart beat rapidly as he moved
his head towards her for another kiss. Ayeka moved closer to and wrapped
her arms around Tenchi’s neck as they shared another kiss. They were
both kissing for many hours that night….. Then Ayeka thought to herself
as she and Tenchi just stood there, sharing a very deep kiss. Tenchi and
Ayeka were both smiling at each other as they stood there with the
moonlight gleaming into Ayeka’s room focusing on the two………………………
Ayeka continued to think to herself as she and Tenchi just continued to
kiss and that was good enough for her. The others who were outside the
doorway were smiling and tearing up their eyes as they continued to
listen to Tenchi and Ayeka…They only heard a few words from the two………
“I love you, Ayeka.” “I love you,Tenchi.” That was all they heard…………….


Epilogue-The Rediscovery of Love.

 Tenchi knew his heartache was at last at rest. Since Sakuya’s death, he
thought he could never love again,but he proved the fates wrong. After
that fateful night, Ayeka and Tenchi spent much time together and every
moment they were together was bliss.
The others were happy for Tenchi as he had finally gotten over what had
happened to him in the most recent months. Tenchi smiled and thought
about the love he and Ayeka shared as he at last was at peace with
himself. He finally had restored love in his life.
And everyone couldn’t have been happier and that is The End.

Author’s Note: Look. I know this possibly isn’t the best Tenchi Fanfic
out there, but what the hell. It’s the best I could do. If anyone wants
to give me a few pointers for my next fanfic just drop me a line,’K?

Bryon Youngblood
E-Mail:bryonyoungblood@hotmail.com

Here's my updated version. Enjoy ^_^
 