The Prophecy
By: Lt. Tycho "Cordaki" Cordova
E-Mail: LtTycho@hotmail.com or Cordaki@galaxypolice.com

Credit to Pioneer and AIC for their characters.

There was complete silence as the Masaki household ate lunch. Even 
Ryoko and Ayeka were silent. The tension seemed to hang in the 
air. All of them could only wonder as to what Xavier wanted and 
why he was here. Ryoko had told them how easily he had blocked her 
punch and it frightened them to know he was that powerful.

"I can't stand it anymore when is that little...," Ryoko finally 
broke out.

"Little what Ryoko?" Xavier taunted. He had somehow gotten in the 
room and was leaning on a wall with out anyone noticing him. He 
wore his white body armor and half cloak with all his weapons away 
in their places. His hair was orange making his appear to have 
flames for hair.

"Now that your here, why don't you tell us what's going on 
Xavier," Kiyone suggested not sure if she wanted the answer or 
not.

"First off my name is Cordaki not Xavier," Sasami made a gasping 
noise as he said that, "yes that Cordaki Sasami."

"Who is Cordaki, Sasami?" Aeka asked her sister.

"He's a Jurian Royal Guard he......he is the most powerful of them 
he defeated father in a duel without breaking a sweat."

"I see so you were sent to watch Ayeka and Sasami, right," Tenchi 
said a little releived.

"No, the mission I was assigned was to interdict all of you on 
this planet, but I think they want me stuck on this planet as much 
as they want you here."

"I don't understand. Why would someone want us stuck here?" Ayeka 
asked.

"Something big is going to happen I think someone is going to try 
and take the crown from Azura that is why I need your help."

"What do you think we can do to help," Tenchi asked.

"Washu I need you to change the Yagami's color scheme and IFF so 
that I can move around undetected."

"Why are you taking the Yagami? Why don't you take your ship?" 
Kiyone asked not wanting to part with her ship.

"My ship has a tracker aboard it if it goes out of system they 
will know where I go you should use the Musketeer for your patrols 
its a better ship anyway."

"OK take it whatever your caught up in you are going to need every 
advantage you need."

"I'll get on the changes for the ship I'll be done in a few 
minutes," Washu dissappeared into her lab.

"The only thing the rest of you need to do is to stay here until I 
return."

"What you want us to stay here, we could help you more than you 
probably think." Ryoko said hitting her fist into her palm.

"Ryoko has a point if we all went wouldn't you have a better 
chance," Tenchi added.

"No he must go alone," Ayeka said as something clicked in her 
brain.

"But.. why?" Tenchi asked.

"I'll tell you after he is gone."

"As long as you stay here I don't care why you think I have to 
go," he turned to leave and then half turned to look back at them, 
"after Ayeka tells whatever she thinks is the reason I must leave 
is I want you to meet me by the Yagami, Kiyone." He turned and 
left the house not looking back.

"OK he is gone Ayeka. Why is it he must go alone?" Tenchi asked.

"Its an old Jurai Prophecy handed down from generation to 
generation," Ayeka began.

"This should be good," Ryoko said.

"Anyway as I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted," Ayeka 
glared at Ryoko, "There is a prophecy of the future of the Jurian 
Empire. It says that the Empire of Jurai will be split into two. 
One will be ruled by an Emperor with good intentions the other 
will be ruled by an Emperor with evil ones. A man with hair of 
flames and loyalty to both Empires will arrive. He is the true 
Emperor but he is not related to the royal family.  His actions 
will destroy both Empires and then create a new one. He will 
fight, fall, and then rise again. The final part however is not 
understood though it says something along the lines of the Fire 
will be quenched by the Ocean."

"So your telling us this guy is going to destroy the Jurain Empire 
that's a good one Ayeka." Ryoko said with a light laugh.

"I don't like this what if the prophecy is true then father will 
be destroyed in the process," Yosho said.

"I better go meet with him by the Yagami. I wouldn't worry he is 
only one man he won't destroy the Jurain Empire so you shouldn't 
worry so much." Kiyone said heading out the door.

"I don't like this one bit," Ayeka said, "SOmething bad is going 
to happen I can just feel it."

"Don't worry Ayeka I'm sure everything will be fine," Tenchi tried 
to reassure her.

"No it won't you'll see. This man is not normal there is some sort 
of odd power to him. He is the prophesized I just know it," she 
headed to her room to think.

"So Tenchi you want to come to my room with me. It will be fun," 
Ryoko smiled myscheviously.

"Now isn't the time Ryoko," Tenchi said.
*****

"Why did you want to see me Xavi...err....Cordaki," Kiyone asked.

"I want you to promise me you'll stay alive no matter what 
happens."

"I'll do my best," she joked.

"Now isn't the time for jokes. I want you to promise me. There is 
something special about you and I wish I could find out what it is 
but first I must help protect the Empire however I can."

"Ayeka said something about a prophecy do you know about this."

"Yes, and I think that only our choices dictate our actions not 
obscure prophecies."

"I think Ayeka is more of a believer in this stuff than you are."

"I don't beleive I'm a prophecy I a only a Juria Royal Guard 
nothing special."

"Nothing special. You floored me with no effort and you blocked 
Ryoko with ease and you say you are nothing special."

"What do you mena you can't block Ryoko's rather weak punches."

"No way even Ayeka and Tenchi can't even do that, I think Yosho 
can but he is better trained."

"I guess I just don't know my own strength," he shrugged, "I 
better go I'll bre back later, hopefully," he began heading 
towards the Yagami which was painted in an orange the color of 
Cordaki's hair and had its IFF changed to Clear Voice, which 
Kiyone thought was odd since her name meant that.

"Wait," Kiyone called to him.

"Yes," he half turned back.

"Will I ever see you again,"

"Ask Ayeka about her wild prophecies," he said as he dissappeared 
into the entry hatch. In a few moments the ship was nothing more 
than a pinprick of light.
*****

"That guy is so egotistical," Kiyone blurted out in front everyone 
who were still unsure at what they should do.

"Actually Tsunami said that he can take care of himself," Sasami 
countered.

"We can't let him go by himself. We need to go help however we 
can," Kiyone said sure of what she believed.

"Come on just cause you fell for that guy doesn't mean we got to 
go help him in his crazy quest or whatever he is doing," Ryoko 
said with her hands behind her head.

"I did not fall for him I am saying if Ayeka's prophecy is right 
then he won't be able to stop it himself. We might be able to 
help," Kiyone said getting angered for a reason she did not know.

"I beg to differ," Washu said as she pecked away at her keyboard, 
"Your pheromone and hormone readings have gone up 17% ever since 
he got here."

"Look I am just saying he is a normal person who is going to need 
help with whatever he is doing," Kiyone said not believing that 
they didn't agree.

"I think Kiyone may have a point," Tenchi said.

"See at least someone can see reasonably around here. He is going 
to need help eventually so why don't we trail him in Ryo-Oki and 
Washu can rig the Musketeer to fly auto patrols."

"How come I always get to do all the work," Washu grumbled as she 
went to her lab.
*****

"Computer wake me up as soon as Ryo-Oki catches up with us," these 
were the first words to exit Cordaki's mouth after he left the 
solar system heading for Gamma Centauri, an unpopulated system.

"Yes sir have a nice sleep,"

Funny how hollow that sounded from a computer and then he realized 
it always sounded shallow, even when Kiyone asked him if he wanted 
to sleep on the couch at her apartment. This is why I avoid those 
niceties they are always nothing more than hollow comments Cordaki 
thought. Kiyone he thought I wonder if that means anything. Can't 
you go one minute without thinking about her he scolded himself. 
He didn't understand why he couldn't put her out of his mind. He 
knew he shouldn't be distracted and needed something to focus on.

"Alert right engine modivater failure," the computer said as 
though it read his thoughts. Cordaki ran back to a storage locker, 
grabbed a bag of tools and headed for the right engine room. I 
better get this thing overhauled before something critical breaks 
he thought.
*****

"I found him," Washu said triumphantly, "He is heading towards 
Gamma Centauri."|

"You're a genius Washu," one Washu doll said after it appeared.

"No one can match your brilliance," the other said before 
dissappearing.

"Let's go find him," Kiyone said looking out at the vast array of 
stars in the viewport.

"I got a bad feeling," Ayeka said.

"Stop whining princess," Ryoko said.

"You dare say my sense of impending doom is just me whining," 
Ayeka shot back.

Here they go again Tenchi thought.

To be continued....
