Divided Loyalty: Repaying an Old Debt
By: Lt. Tycho "Cordaki" Cordova
E-Mail: Cordaki@galaxypolice.com or LtTycho@hotmail.com

Credits to Pioneer and AIC for their characters.

"You wanted to see me," a man with spiked orange hair that made 
his head appear to be a blaze. He wore white armor and a dark blue 
half cloak that signified him as a Jurian Royal Guard with a sword 
in a tan sheath on his side. A handle of a pike stuck up past his 
shoulder. These weapons while archaic were grusomely effective 
thanks to their specially enhanced blades.

"Welcome Guardsmen Cordaki I see you still don't bother with 
social niceties do you," a regal figure said. He was a short, fat 
man with thinning purple hair and a beard and mustache of the same 
color. He sat upon a throne of gold with silver inlays.

"What do you want Ekeryka I don't have all day."

"Do you think you can dare talk to a royal prince of Jurai like 
that I should have you imprisoned once I am made Emperor."

"But you won't you'll never be Emperor of Jurai so your threats 
don't scare me."

"What makes you say that."

"The emperor, Aeka, Yosho, Sasmami, and that Tenchi person all 
ahead of you for the throne."

"Well met Guardsmen but do you know why I called you here."

"You want me to repay the debt I owe your father." Ekeryka's 
father, Rihsho, had raised Cordaki as his own son after finding 
him abandoned in the street and then gave him a job as a Royal 
Guardsman. Shortly after he had died mysteriously though Cordavoko 
beleived it had to be foul play.

"Will you do me just one small favor."

"It depends what do you want me to do."

"I want you to pose as a Galaxy Police officer and go to Earth and 
watch out for the princes and princesses there make sure they 
don't leave the planet a time of great turmoil is about to occur 
and they must remain safe."

"This isn't like you what is the catch."

"No catch that is all I need you to do, for now I'll give you any 
further orders I see fit later."

"That doesn't mean I'll follow them."

"Anyway go get prepared you leave in an hour."

"What do you mean get prepared and how am I going to get there 
they might get suspicious if a Jurian ship drops me off."

"Well first you need to get your hair dyed, orange is such a rare 
color, you also need to pick up the Galaxy Police uniform I got 
you and get "aquantained" with your new ship."

"What do you mean new ship."

"A Galaxy Police Cruiser we aquired from some pirates recently it 
is designated the Musketeer."

"Two problems. Won't they notice it is not a standard ship 
designation and what if they check with headquarters. And what is 
with that designation?"

"Those problems are not of your concern now go. And if you really 
want to know in one of Earth's old cultures the Musketeers were 
the kings guardians it seemed fitting."

"I owe you nothing now." Corodaki said as he left the room. Who 
knows maybe it will be relaxing no that can't be if it would be 
relaxing he wouldn't have picked me he thought.

Now my plans will finally begin to fall into place. Cordaki is a 
loose cannon but he can get the job done Ekeryka thought. Good 
luck Officer Xavier.
*****

"Mihoshi when did command say the liason officer was getting 
here." a teal haired Galaxy Police detective asked her partner.

"Uh.....I think today or was it tomorrow,....I don't remember." 
Mihoshi replied ending with a half hearted laugh.

"Mihoshi," Kiyone replied in a strained voice.

"Hey look at that," she pointed.

A blue cruiser jumped in its IFF designated it the Musketeer. It 
had just exited subspace directly ahead of the Yagami, Kiyone and 
Mihoshi's ship.

A hologram appeared of a green haired man whos hair was in spikes 
in every direction. He wore a standard Galaxy Police uniform with 
a patch on it that neither Mihoshi or Kiyone recognized.

"This is officer Kerone Xavier liason from the Jurai Atmospheric 
Defense Force," the green haired man.

Something is not right Kiyone thought that ship is to new to be a 
liason ship and even if it was the designation didn't follow 
standard naming protocals.

"Some welcoming commitee are you going to sit there dumbfounded or 
you going to guide me down," Xavier said noting there silence. He 
turned his head slightly and Kiyone saw a small area of orange 
hair. That's odd she thought.

"Sure follow us if you feel up to it," Kiyone taunted.

"Way ahead of you," Xavier said hitting his burners.

Who is this guy anyway Kiyone thought suspisiously maybe I'm just 
being paranoid but something isn't right here.
*****

Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Xavier (for those of you people not good at 
following plot lines Xavier is Cordaki).

"Well here we are it may be small but its all we could afford," 
Kiyone said gesturing around their small apartment.

"Actually I'm not staying here with you I got my own place," 
Xavier said gesturing out the window to a large building that 
contained luxury apartments.

"How did you get an apartment there our livng expenses barely 
cover this place?"

"Well," he said pulling out an expense card, "sometimes you have 
to refuse to do something till they give you a better incentive."

"Why would you get an expense card you are only a liason from the 
Jurai Atmospheric Defense Force which last time I checked is more 
of an honorary rank then an actual position."

"Tell you what if you can so much as knock me down I'll give you 
the expense card," Xavier challanged her in a casual manor.

"Yeah, Kiyone you're going to win right," Mihoshi said jumping up 
and down.

He's dangerous but I did set all those records in training so I 
bet I can take him down. "I guess you don't want that card anymore 
do you." she taunted.

"Go ahead you make the first move."

Kiyone dove at him with her fist aimed for his face or where his 
face was. Xavier sidestepped her attack and brought his knee into 
her stomach. Then he slammed his elbox into her back and she was 
on the ground.

"You're pretty good," she said shakingly.

"I'm very good," he said as he departed.

Both women watched as he departed. Once he was gone Mihoshi 
finally broke the uneasy silence.

"Are you okay Kiyone," Mihoshi asked her fallen partner.

"Shut up Mihoshi shut up." her eyes still on the vacant doorway.
*****

Sitting next to the fire he had set up Cordaki ate a can of 
noodles. He had a luxury apartment but he was not comfortable in 
the plush surroundings. The woods suited him perfectly plus he had 
the advantage of keeping an eye on the residents of the Masaki 
house at all times. Including the one watching him he thought.

"Ryoko do you plan to stay there all night or you going to come 
out."

"How did you know I was here," she asked uncertain how he knew she 
was behind him.

"You have a very strong presense."

"Why are you out here I thought Mihoshi said you had a luxury 
apartment in town."

"To tell you the truth I am more comfortable out here than in that 
apartment."

"That makes no sense why would sleeping out here be more 
comfortable than an apartment."

"I've never been one to seek the better things food is just fuel 
for the body and home is where you lay your head. That is all I 
need to perceirvere." he said truthfully.

"Why are you really here I can't beleive you are a liason from an 
honorary force. I heard what you did to Kiyone and she is a very 
able hand to hand combatent according to Mihoshi."

"You are right Ryoko but my mission is a favor for someone and 
once this favor is done I will be at ease."

"What favor, what mission, who do you owe a favor to."

"So many questions but for answers you will have to wait as will 
I, as will I."

Seeing this was going nowhere Ryoko teleported away. Maybe Washu 
can find some answers she thought she might be able to find out 
something I can't.

Go run home to mommy Cordaki thought she might be able to tell you 
something but I'm not that sure what I'm supossed to be doing here 
either so maybe I cna learn something too.
*****

"Washu, Washu where are you," Ryoko said walking amid the machines 
Washu used for her experiments.

Washu was sitting pecking at her keyboard. A small hologram 
showing a hologram of a man with orange hair stood before her.

"Hello Ryoko what do you need," Washu said without turning away.

"I want information on this Xavier guy there is something weird 
about him."

"That's funney Kiyone said the same thing to me a couple of hours 
ago."

"Have you found anything yet?"

"Actually I haven't its as though he never existed before except 
for one little thing," a hologram of a man with green hair popped 
up but his face was slightly longer and thinner than that of 
Xavier and he wore his hair down, "This is Kerone Xavier he is a 
liason from the Jurai Atmospheric Defense Force and he was killed 
in action a month ago what is also odd is that the Musketeer 
matches the specs of the Yamamato Xavier's ship."

"What's this all mean Washu is this Xavier dangerous should I get 
rid of him what should we do."

"Right now we need more information have you found anything out."

"No other than saying this was a favor to repay an old debt."

"Interesting did he mention who he is indebted to or why he is 
here."

"No he didn't tell me."

"Ryoko I want you to shadow him can you do that for me."

"I can't he can sense my presense why don't you just bug him."

"I tried three times he destroyed all of them almost as soon as 
they got into position. You said he could sense your presense that 
is very interesting, very interesting."

"What is so interesting about it."

"Well it takes an extraordinary amount of power to identify people 
from their presense but it takes no skill its an engrained talent 
be careful around him."

"I'll be careful but I better check on Tenchi."

"I don't think you need to check on Tenchi."

Ryoko smiled devilishly, "Of course I do."
*****

"Hey Kiyone," Xavier said knocking on the detective's apartment 
door.

A blond women came to the door. She wore jeans and a pink shirt 
that was loose fitting.

"She's not here," Mihoshi said and then she noticed who it was, 
"Please don't hurt me (wah)."

"I'm not here to hurt you I guess I get a little carried away 
sometimes. I actually came here to apoligize and to give you two 
this." he said holding out a key and an expense card, "I don't 
need them anyway just a petty waste of resources in my opinion but 
you may have them if you like."

"Thank you, thank you but why would you do this for us,"

"Actually the only reason I brought the expense card was because 
the people who sent me insisted and I always figured it would make 
a good bartering piece but it is yours now. By the way did Kiyone 
go to see Washu," he said it as a statemement rather than a 
question.

"Why yes I wanted to go and see Tenchi but she told me to stay 
here."

"Would you mind if I waited here with you for her."

"Sure you can watch Glalactic Space Policeman with me if you want 
its my favorite show," she said in her usually bubbly voice.

"Why not sounds good has to be better than the junk they watch at 
Tenchi's."

"OK then come in its starting soon." She said as she stepped aside 
to let him in. He stepped in and took a seat in a chair while 
Mihoshi went over to the floor.
*****

A few hours later.

"Mihoshi I'm back sorry it took me so long."

"Mihoshi's went to bed an hour ago," Xavier said from the couch 
where he sat watching a movie in which a group of white armored 
troopers and various chicken legged vechiles were being attacked 
by camoflauge clad commandos and a bear like species.

"Xavier how did you get in here," she said as she pulled out her 
blaster.

"Mihoshi let me in a while ago she is forgiving why don't you."

"Why should I you never apologized anyway."

"That's why I came here so you find anything about me from Washu."

"You seem to always be in control. How do you do it? Its as if you 
know everything in advance."

"I can't see into the future but I can look into the past and see 
how the future will parallel."

"So tell me who are you? Why are you here? What is it you want?"

"I don't want anything, and as to who I am I cannot say other than 
I am a friend, and as to why I am here to protect something."

"Why can't you tell me your name at least."

"It is not important to anything and if anything learning it will 
only put you in harms way. What I can tell you is simple. 
Something major is going to happen at Jurai. I have to find out 
what it is and if anyone is in danger. That is why I need your 
help."

"What do you need me to do I can't do anything if you don't trust 
me with any information."

"That is why you must agree to help me then I can tell you what 
you need to know. Our duties parallel in a sense but mine must 
take me to another world and another place but I must make sure 
nothing happens to the heirs."

"You want me to protect Tenchi and the others right."

"No, I need you to keep them on this planet. Whatever is happening 
must be stopped by me alone I must not endanger anyone else."

"Why don't you call Galactic Police or the Juria Royal Guards to 
take care of it?"

"I am a Royal Guard that is why I must protect these people."

"I see but what do I tell the others."

"Tell them tomorrow after lunch I will come there as I truly am 
and tell them what they need to do in order to help me." With that 
he began for the door.

"Wait why don't you stay here and sleep on the couch its a long 
walk to your campsite."

"Yes I know but I have to make sure Ryoko doesn't break anything." 
he said as he left.

How did he know Ryoko was going to check his stuff Kiyone thought. 
What have I got myself into.
*****

Ryoko searched the entire campsite all she found was Xavier's GP 
uniform and some food. She had seen him earier in what must have 
been his only pair of civilian clothes. All work and no play 
thought Ryoko.

"Find what your looking for," a man with orange hair who was 
strangely familiar said. He wore white body arm that seemed to 
shine even in the darkness and a dark blue half cloak. A sword 
hung at his hip within a tan sheath.

"Bug off creep," she shot back.

"Well leave my campsite. Or should I say Xavier's campsite."

A realization struck Ryoko. "Xavier you look different."

"Always with the quick toungue Ryoko."

"Who are you."

"Tomorrow I'll tell you tomorrow now go home before I have to 
force you."

"I would like to see you try," she said as she flew down next to 
him.

"Take a punch."

"Your funeral," she swung her fist straight for his face. His hand 
shot up and grabbed her fist before it was halfway there. A simple 
queexe and Ryoko's knuckles made a cracking noise.

"Now go home before I get mad."

"Fine no point in pushing you." She flew off toward Tenchi's 
house.

"Sorry desperate times require me to do what I don't want to."

To be continued....
