A Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction:  "The Dark Knight"
By Aldrich Bautista (GenSao@geocities.com)
-------------------------

This is my first attempt at fan fiction.  So please don't flame me if it stinks.  It is still under revisions.  So the story and content may change.  I would like to hear any constructive comments and corrections.  The story takes place after the  13th episode of the Tenchi Muyo OAV Series.  I hope you like it.....

Tenchi Muyo is copyrighted (c) 1992-1998 by AIC * Pioneer LDC. All rights reserved.  The story "The Dark Night" is owned by me and may not be posted without my written permission. 

Last Date of Revision: 2/24/98
-------------------------

Chapter 1
"The Visitor"

	My life has been a perfectly average..... until the day, the day my life changed forever...........

	The bright sun reflected off the windows of my room onto the softly carpeted floor.  A parade of clouds swam across the sky gracefully as they interrupted the sun's beams. The singing of birds electrified the afternoon air.  
	I was the average American teenager trying to study hard to enter the college of my choice.  My grades were excellent and I had just finished writing a term paper about Feudal Japan.
	I laid upon my bed looking at some Magna when some thing happened.  The room around me began to glow intensely.  I could feel the sweat bead down my face as the room suddenly became hotter and hotter.  It was like being thrown into a raging fire. The room gradually disappeared and replaced by a light as intense as the sun.  The heat was so intense that I passed out.

	I awoken to find myself in a totally dark space, devoid of any light.  I could not feel a breeze of air or smell anything, I only could feet a hard surface below me.  Fear began to crawl up my spine as this intimidating place began to make a small humming noise.
	Suddenly eight light appeared.  I was immediately dazed by these lights.  They were position above some distance away in a circular fashion.  As my eyes adjusted to the blinding light I noticed I was on a rough marble pillar.  It seemed to go down into the black void forever.  The humming continued until a ghostly black humanoid figure approached from the distance and the noise suddenly stopped.  The figure began to hideously laugh and started it approach me.  As he slowly approached I cautiously crawled as far back as I can.
	"I am the Dark Knight," the ghostly figure pronounced, as he hovered in front of me  "You have been chosen to be my host for this mission."
	I then asked hesitantly, "Who are you?  What do you want?"
	With those words spoken,  the humanoid figure didn't reply and entered my body.  My body began to shake tremendously.  I could feel it's evil presence taking over parts of my body.  My body began to ache, as if I was stung by a million bees.  I began to scream in shear agony. Then suddenly I blanked out.

Chapter 2
"A Tourist"

	My head still throbs like a headache as I get up from being unconscious.  As I get up and look around at my surrounding, I find my self next to a dirt path.  I am surrounded by a beautiful forest covering several rugged mountains.  I can see a beautiful cherry tree to the front of me.  Off in the distance I can see a old temple on top of a small hill.  My eyes follow the long stone steps that lead down to a crystal clear lake.  Next to it is a modern three story house with a blue slanted roof.  I must be in Japan.
	My body began to move towards the house without my concent.  As I wondered why I couldn't command my own body, I just realized that I was posessed by that dark figure.  Relizing this I tried my best to change the motion of my direction.  Onto the grass to the side, going the other way on the path, or just stoping, it didn't work.  I was still going to that house near the lake.

To be continued....... (I decided NOT TO continue This bad Piece of Work ^_- but I will be atempting a newer one)
