Hello this is my first fan fic and I hope you like it.  All of the
characters in this belong to AIC and pioneer except for Arion.  I got the
Idea of Arion from the makers of Dragon Ball Z so I give them credit for a
lot of the story.  So if you have something similar or I didn't give credit
to you, it was a mistake.  Email me at AMKWOLEK2005@hotmail.com and tell me
how you liked the story.  Please don't sue I am just a boy that likes Tenchi
and has no money.

Now to the story

A Visitor

        It was a stormy night at the Masaki House.  Tenchi was drinking some
tea
alone at the table. "Thank god for quiet." Suddenly Ryoko appears. "Me and
my big mouth".
Ryoko instantly wrapped her arms around him.  "Tenchiiii!"
"Get off me" Tenchi said exhaustedly from a hard days work.  "Don't you like
this" she said.  "Not right now" groaned Tenchi.  "Hug me once and I'll
leave" Ryoko said.  "Fine" and hugged her shortly.
As soon as he did this Ryoko cried "I knew you loved me" Tenchi groaned
louder as Ryoko left.  As soon as she left Washu walked in.
"What's with her?" Washu said.
"She made me hug her" he said.
"I can understand that" Washu teased.
"Why are you up here I thought the greatest scientific genius in the
universe never leaves her lab" said Tenchi mockingly.  "My instant
cappuccino machine is broken so I came to make some the hard way", she said.

Just then BBBBOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMM, a huge crash sounded waking up Ayeka,
Kiyone, Sasami, Ryo-ohki, and Mihoshi.  Washu ran outside and found a small
spaceship and opened it finding a human looking alien unconscious.  Everyone
came and looked at him.  He was a black haired boy looking about 19 with a
vest a sword next to him.  Washu checked his pulse it was faint but there.
She told Tenchi to take him to his lab.  But then Ryoko and Kiyone got in
his way.  The girls said "How do you know that he wasn't sent here to kill
us." Tenchi screamed "Unless we get him to Washu's lab HE will die"
"Better him than us." Kiyone replied, while Ryoko moved back allowing Tenchi
to pass.
Then Katsuhito said "Washu has a plan you should listen to her."
"Thank you Katsuhito."  "My plan is I can erase his memory and he will not
be a threat to us even if he is a assassin, I will also take his sword so he
is unarmed."
Kiyone reluctantly said fine.  So at Washu's lab Washu worked diligently
trying to find out who the stranger is.  She accessed his brain and found
out his name is Arion.  He is a powerful warrior from the planet Saya.
At this Washu gasped.  "Saya was home to one of the most powerful fighting
races in the universe" Washu said under her breath.
She instantly erased his memory while he was asleep.
She left her lab and entered the living room.  Tenchi was sitting in the
center of the couch looking in distress, the girls Ayeka and Ryoko on either
side of him trying to pull him away from each other.  Washu asked Ryoko to
gather everyone to the living room.  Ryoko phased out soon after phasing in
saying "Everyone is coming in soon."  Washu said "ok, thanks little Ryoko."
"Aw mom" Ryoko said turning red.  Soon Kiyone, Mihoshi, Ryo-ohki, and Sasami
were in the room.  "What's up" Sasami said.  "Mya Mya" Ryo-ohki said
questionably.
"HE'S A WHAT!!!!!" Everyone yelled in unison.  "A warrior from Saya."  "The
good news is that he will not be evil anymore."  "He will not know how to
use his power either."
"So all I have to serve another person" Sasami let out a big sigh.

Arion Awakes

        Washu woke up earlier than usual to do some more tests on her sayjin
friend.  "OH NO" Washu screamed to find Arion not there.  She ran straight
into the living room.
Mihoshi was sitting down with Arion talking.  "Where am I" he asked?  "You
are on Planet Earth" Mihoshi told him.  "Who am I" Arion asked?  Mihoshi
told him "You are Arion a powemmmfmmfffhhmh" Washu covered Mihoshi's mouth.
"heh heh" Washu said.  "You said I am powerful?"  "No she is just messing
around, aren't you Mihoshi" "mmmmfhfhmmfmfhm" Washu noticed she still had
her hand over Mihoshi's mouth "Sorry".
He soon said "what is that wonderful smell".  "That is Sasami's breakfast".
"Who is Sasami."  I will introduce you to everyone at breakfast.
Once they were all there Washu introduced Arion to everyone and vice versa.
Sasami walked up to Arion and held out her hand "nice to meet you".
He looked at her dumbfounded, then held out his hand.  She grabbed and shook
it.  Ryoko phased up to him and examined him.  He said "what are you doing".
  At this Ryoko sat back down.
Washu said "lets eat."
Arion looked at his food strangely. Sasami then looked at him hurt.  He
glanced at her expression felt bad and took a bite.
"This is delicious" he exclaimed eating almost a fast as Ryoko.  He was
learning of the modern entertainment (TV) with all the girls except Washu.
"So this is what you do all day" Arion said.
"At least me" Mihoshi said, "Kiyone doesn't watch much when we are on
patrol, but I do the whole time."
"That's not something to brag about" Kiyone said.
"That monster woman always watches the violent Samurai shows while I prefer
the nice Soap Operas. Ayeka said proudly.
"Well at least I don't watch TV most of the day" Ryoko replied angrily.
"Your right you watch it all day" Ayeka yelled angrily!
Ryoko jumped on Ayeka, and they started fighting.
"Do they do this all day" Arion asked Sasami.
"Unfortunately yes" Sasami said with a sigh.
Meanwhile Washu was in her lab talking to Tenchi.

The Debate

"I can't believe you are even thinking of this" Tenchi shouted.
"Please Tenchi listen to my reasons" Washu said.
"No, Washu I won't allow it" Tenchi said as calm as he can.
"But if we do teach Arion to use his powers he will help us in battle" Washu
said.
"If we ever do get into another battle I might think about it" Tenchi said.
"What if he comes across them by accident" Washu said.
"How" Tenchi asked?
"If he accidentally teleports, or flies.  Or he could shoot a energy blast
at someone" Washu said more confidently.
"Well, I don't want anyone hurt" Tenchi said giving in.
"Great we'll start in two weeks" She said walking deeper into the lab.
Tenchi let out a huge sigh "How do I get myself into these messes."

Washu was researching how a sayjin uses his powers for hours and hours until
she found that they use their powers just like Ryoko does.  "I guess Ryoko
will teach him, with me there to fill in the blanks."
"I'll go bring in Ryoko to tell her."

"You are saying I have to teach Arion how to fight, for all we know he could
just be some weakling" Ryoko said impatiently.
"Believe me he will be no weakling" Washu said laughing.
"Why do I have to train him"
"What are you scared"
"Of course not I just want a good reason"
"Sparring partner" Washu said confidently.
"Well I can't really fight anyone here at full force unless you count Ayeka"
Ryoko said starting to give in.
"So you agree, you will teach him how to fight" Washu said"
"No I still want to know why you chose me over Ayeka" Ryoko said.
"Because you are stronger" Washu said brightly.
"Welllllll if you put it that way, how can I refuse" Ryoko bragged.
"I'll tell you the difference in fighting techniques tomorrow morning, that
reminds me where will he sleep" Washu questioned?
"He's not taking my room" Ryoko said backing off.
"I guess I have to make room in my lab" Washu sighed.
Once Ryoko left Ryo-ohki hopped in.
"So how do you like Arion, Ryo-ohki" Washu said.
"Mya Myaaaa" Ryo-ohki replied.
"I like him too and I hope Ryoko will learn to get along him too if you know
what I mean" Washu said Menacingly.
"Is he beginning to feel at home Ryo-ohki" Washu asked.
"Mya Mya Myyyaaa" Ryo-ohki replied.
"So he is getting along very well, goooood" Washu said.
"If you promise not to tell Ryoko anything or think about it because of the
mind link.  I'll tell you something.  I am trying to match Ryoko and Arion
up, because Tenchi and her are going nowhere fast" Washu said.
"Maybe she will actually get someone; My Ryoko might get......... married"
Washu said excitedly.
"MYAAA" Ryo-ohki said angrily.
"Don't get me wrong I will not mess with anyone lives.  I will just inch
Ryoko and Arion together not Tenchi and her apart.  You should know I would
never do anything to devastate Ryoko" Washu said.
"Mya Myaaaa"
"I am already training him to be a groom, during the nights I am teaching
Arion manners" Washu proudly said.

The Next Day

"Wake up Ryoko, I have to teach you how to teach" said Washu.
"I hate learning" Ryoko said half asleep.
If you don't get up I'll call you Little Ryoko all the time in public" Washu
said snickering.
Ryoko instantly teleported into her clothes and was at her door, "What's
taking you so long" Ryoko hurried.
"That's my girl" Washu cheered.
On their way out she told Ryoko "you are going to learn you how to teach him
from 6:00am to 6:00pm everyday until you understand.

They went outside and Washu started teaching her the differences in
techniques.
"Ok Ryoko, when you form a particle ball you power up.  When he powers up he
tenses his whole body up a concentrates on energy.  Do you understand."
Washu explained.
"I.... think so" Ryoko slowly said.
"Good"
They went on explaining and finally Ryoko actually knew as much as Washu,
which took the two weeks time.

When Ryoko went back into the house Sasami asked her what she was doing for
the past weeks.
"I have been learning how to teach Arion to use his powers" Ryoko said.
"So what's for dinner" Ryoko asked?
"Something new, have you ever heard of Ravioli" Sasami asked.
"Um... is it Italian" Ryoko asked?
"Amazing I didn't think you were that smart" Ayeka laughed.
"Shut Up Ayeka" Ryoko gritted through her teeth.
"Why I am having too much fun" Ayeka laughed.
At this Ryoko formed an Energy ball threw it, missed and blew a whole
through the wall.
Arion walked in and let out a sigh.
Then Tenchi walked in and told Ryoko and Ayeka to go to their rooms.
"They act like children" Tenchi said disappointedly.

Training Day (almost)

Washu went inside to get Arion to go out there.
"We are going to teach you something today" Washu said.
"But before we do you have to promise to only use this knowledge for good
and to help others or yourself" Washu seriously said.
"Ok, I promise" Arion said very quickly.
"I don't think you understand.  This is very important do you promise" Washu
said very seriously.
"I'm sorry. I promise to only use what I am going to be taught for good"
Arion repeated.
"Now, what am I going to be taught" Arion questioned?
"To fly, to phase, to fight, to train, and to use energy waves, in that
order" Washu said.
"WHAT" Arion shouted.
"You heard me, you are from a special race called a sayjin" Washu said.
"So I am superhuman" Arion said in disbelief.
"In a way we all are but, yes" Washu shrugged.
"When do we start" Arion said.
"Tomorrow, your teacher is too tired to teach" Washu said snickering.

Same Day Different Things

        Tenchi has been working on late homework for a while in the morning
now.
Ryoko went back to bed after the long lesson from Washu.  Sasami is working
on breakfast.

"Tenchi someone just called you" Ayeka yelled.
"They said that schools been cancelled" Ayeka yelled softer as Tenchi was
coming down the stairs.
"Are you happy" Ayeka asked?
"I can't describe how I feel" Tenchi said rolling his eyes.
"On Earth aren't people supposed to be happy when schools out" Ayeka
wondered to herself.
Tenchi tripped on the last step on the stairs and fell on Ayeka head, which
snapped, and she fell to the floor.
Ayeka was dead.
Tenchi saw her laying there motionless and gasped.
"I killed her.  Oh No."
He started to cry and then realized how much he loved her.
"What have I done" He cried louder.
A spirit of Ayeka came out of her body.
"How could you do this to me, I loved you" the spirit of Ayeka said.
"I didn't mean to" Tenchi said still crying.
"How do I know that" the spirit snapped.
"You of all people should know that" Tenchi said.
She disappeared saying "I shall now leave you forever."

He suddenly woke up.
"It was just a bad dream, or was it" He thought.
He ran downstairs and saw Ayeka drinking tea.
"What's wrong Tenchi" she said softly.
"Nothing" He said, sweating.
"You look sad, what's wrong, you can tell me" she said.
"I just had a very bad dream" Tenchi said.
"Have a seat let's talk about it" Ayeka urged.
Realizing what the dream meant he said "no I'd rather not."
"If that's what you want" Ayeka said.
"......Ayeka" Tenchi slowly said.
"Yes, what is it" Ayeka said.
"I want you to know something" Tenchi slowly said.
"What" Ayeka said.
"I... I... I'll tell you later" he said not having the courage to tell her.
"Ok" Ayeka said still thinking something is up.

Tenchi ran upstairs and started to think what is wrong with him.  I know I
love her after that terrible dream, but.... Why couldn't he tell her. Ryoko.
  That was definitely the reason, there was more but that was the biggest.

Knock Knock!
"Tenchi" his dad said.
Tenchi opened the door.
"Tenchi I want to tell you something important" Nobuyuki said.
"Is something wrong" Tenchi worriedly said.
"No, No, Me and your Grandpa are going on a trip for a long time" His dad
said.
"Where, and how long" Tenchi asked in amusement.
"Well we will be gone in Europe, for.. um.. um..  6 months" Nobuyuki started
to run away when he said this.
He ran over to the car, grabbed a suitcase, and drove away with Yosho.
"Great now I'll be alone with Ryoko and Ayeka for six months" Tenchi said.
"Well Ayeka isn't a total lose, and now I have Arion to help me out with all
of them" He said looking on the bright side.

Knock Knock!
"Now what" Tenchi said.
"Tenchi" Kiyone said.
Tenchi opens the door bracing himself for some news.
"Mihoshi and me will be gone from 8:00am to 6:00pm every day" Kiyone said.
"We got a new job besides Galaxy Police" Kiyone said excitedly.
"We are going to be actresses for a TV show called The Amazing Duo" Kiyone
said jumping up and down in excitement.
"It is about a dumb person and a normal person who fight crime together" It
pays about 10.00 an hour.  So we will still stay at your house" Kiyone said
leaving the room.
"Now I don't have them here either, oh well maybe things will work out"
Tenchi said optimistically.

Training Day

"RYOKO" Washu yelled at a sleeping Ryoko.
"Ryoko bolted out of bed, formed an energy sword said "Who, what, where, oh
it's just you... mom."
"Thank you" Washu said smiling.  "It's training day" Washu said excitedly.
"I got Arion to go to the training field at the other side of the lake.  He
is waiting for you" Washu said brightly.
"I'll be over there in 3 minutes, by the way what do you want me to teach
him today" Ryoko asked.
"How about, how to fly, and power up so he can fly, and if you have time,
teach him how to teleport" Washu said.
"Ok" Ryoko said.
"Bye" Ryoko said phasing out.
"Hi Ryoko" Arion said staring at the sky.
"What are you doing" Ryoko asked him
"Just staring at the clouds, they look so peaceful so peaceful" he told her.
"Yea they do, do you know what I am going to teach you" Ryoko asked.
"Mostly, Washu informed me" Arion shrugged.
"Let's start" Ryoko urged.

"That's how you power up, now you try" Ryoko told Arion.
"Ok" he said.
He tried and was engulfed in a deep red blaze of energy that constantly
grew, and grew, until he started rising off the ground. He started to panic
and fell back down.
"How did I fly" Arion asked Ryoko while holding his back in pain.
"You concentrated on it after summoning enough energy" Ryoko told him just
like Washu told her.
"Now try to fly higher now that you have enough power" Ryoko said.
He concentrated on going higher until he was in the clouds that he was
staring at before "look at me" he told her excitedly.
He dove down to her and hugged her "Thank you so much for teaching me this."
She went red, and hugged him back saying "You're welcome."

"Now let's work on teleporting now, this is a more advanced way of getting
around so you might want to power up more" Ryoko told him.
As he did, he made a crater in the ground, and sent a huge gust of wind
around him, which sent Ryoko of her feet.
"I think you're strong enough now... stop powering up!" Ryoko shouted.
"Sorry, but this is amazing, I've never felt so good"
"All you have to do to teleport, is concentrate on a place you want to go
and try to appear there" she told him.
"Let me try" he said.
He concentrated and appeared behind her and hugged her again saying "thanks
again."
She blushed deeper than ever.
"Is that all for today" he asked her.
"Yep" She said phasing out, "Meet you home."

He arrived home in 15 minutes.
"I just wanted to admire the scenery while fling on the way home" Arion told
everybody.
"You had us all worried" Sasami told him.
"No need I can teleport and fly now so I can get away from most people"
Arion said without a worry.
"You still can't fight yet though Arion" Washu told him.
"So you can't defend yourself at all" Ayeka said.
"Show us all what you can do" Tenchi asked.
"I'd rather not until I'm at the peak of my power" he told Tenchi.
"Ok, I understand, you don't want to seem like a weakling" Tenchi told him.
"Thanks, I think" Arion said confused.
"Everyone I have good news, or is it bad news, anyway Nobuyuki left...
"Yeeeeeaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh" Tenchi was interrupted by everyone in the house
cheering.
"But he took Yosho with him" Tenchi told them.
"Boooooooooooooooooo" everyone booed when they heard that.
"I'm going to go fly around for a while, I'll be back around 9:00, Sasami
can you leave the leftovers of dinner for me" Arion said.
"Sure Arion" Sasami said brightly.
"Bye" Arion said as he teleported out of the house.
"Ryoko can I speak to you... privately" Washu asked.
"Uh... ok" Ryoko said wonderingly.

"You did a very good job for today's lesson with Arion" Washu told Ryoko.
"How did you know" Ryoko asked.
"I told you I'd be watching you" Washu told her.
"I think we have a little case of Romeo and Juliet out there" Washu teased.
"I do not like him" Ryoko said turning red.
"Of course you don't... wink wink" Washu teased more.
"I saw how red he turned when he hugged you" Washu teased.
"Well... uh... um..."
"See I told you" Washu said getting more serious.
"I don't have to take this" Ryoko said leaving.
"Ryoko before you leave, if you do love him you should show it" Washu told
her.
"Thanks..."  “Say it” “mom” Ryoko said quickly as they left.
"They will get together now" Washu said as she smiled.

Ryoko went outside to watch Arion fly around, but when she found him he was
fighting nothing.  "He's...... training, and I didn't teach him how to"
Ryoko whispered.
"ARION" Ryoko screamed.
He suddenly stopped "huh" he looked down and saw Ryoko "Hey how do I look"
he shouted, as he continued to practice.
He teleported down and said "what's up."
"I was going to come and teach you how to fight, but it looks you've got it
down.  So I will teach you the most powerful attacks.  The energy waves."
"Try to throw out a ball of energy by thrusting your hand forward" she told.
"Ok" he said as he formed a ball energy into his palm and trusted it forward
into the lake.
"Cool" he exclaimed!
"Now to the powerful one's.  I take it you've already powered up a lot" she
asked.
"Yeah" he said.
"Cross your palms and raise them above your head" she told.
"Good now repeat after me and try to throw a huge amount of energy forward.
Ma...Sen...Ko, Now try it" She told.
He did as he was told and said "MAAAA...SENNNN...KOOOOOOOO" he shot a beam
of energy that blew up a portion of the forest.
"Very, Very good Arion" She said impressed.
"There is one more but don't use it because you might do too much damage"
she said.
"The Ka...Me...Ha...Me...Ha is one of your most powerful attacks" she told.
"Thanks, by the way what abilities do you have" Arion asked Ryoko.
"Well I can make an energy sword, shoot energy blasts, teleport, and phase
through walls" she told him proudly.

They kept on talking while Washu was watching behind some trees.  "I think
Ryoko can handle it from here, I'll go back home now" she said to herself.
On her way home she saw Tenchi talking to Ayeka alone.
"Uh Oh, I also saw how Tenchi was acting before in one of my micro cameras,
Ryoko is going to be pretty upset" she said sadly.

(Earlier that Day) Tenchi's Decision

Tenchi woke up early to think about what he is going to say to Ayeka, and
how he is going to say it.
"I don't want to be emperor of Jurai, but I want to live with Ayeka.  I am
in sort of a dilemma here" Tenchi thought.
"Maybe I could just be a supporter to Ayeka while she is emperor.  That is
probably the best answer.  We could also live here half of the year" Tenchi
thought getting more optimistic.
"I'll tell Ayeka that I love her tonight" he promised himself.
"Tenchiiii you missed breakfast what are you doing up there, it's almost
lunchtime" Sasami yelled.
"Thanks Sasami" Tenchi yelled.

To be continued
(If I get enough E-mail)