Tenchi Muyo:  Dragon and Crane - Chap.8


     "Were you surprised, Nagi?" asked Kimiko, dropping her cloak and
circling around Nagi like a shark.  "I'll admit I was, when you took that
anonymous tip about Ryoko's whereabouts.  A seasoned pro like you should
never have been taken in by such an obvious ploy."  Nagi said nothing in
answer, watching Kimiko's movements and circling around with her, eyes
intent on even the smallest movement from her enemy.
     "The tip, of course, was mine" continued Kimiko.  "And all I had to do
was wait the short time it took you to get here, watching as you were caught
in the neuralizing web I set out for you.  I have to say that I quite
enjoyed cutting your little ship apart.  Its screaming was the finest music
I've heard in years."  Nagi's brow furrowed, and her hand clenched on her
swordhilt.
     "You'll pay tenfold for every drop of my uncle's blood you spilled,
Nagi.  And every scream he uttered, burning alive in the hulk of that space
cruiser, will sound like the whispering of the wind compared to your own!"
Kimiko sneered and slashed deftly at Nagi's chest, catching her blade
instead.  They struggled momentarily, locked together, then withdrew,
beginning a blurring dance of swordplay that dazzled the eyes of all who
watched them.
     As they battled, Ryoko flew over to the tree that held Tenchi fast, her
face full of anguish at the sight of his blood staining his clothing.  She
tried to pull a crystal out of the tree, but it vibrated and shot a spire
outward as it grew, slicing her palm open to the bone.  Ryoko hissed and
closed her palm tightly to stop the flow of blood.  Tenchi, still shaken at
the fate of Ayeka, shook his head slowly and sighed.
     "It's no use, Ryoko" he said.  "They're holding me fast.  Believe me,
I've tried."  Ryoko's eyes began to well with tears, seeing him in the pain
he was in.  She grit her teeth and charged up several balls of energy, then
fired with surgical precision at the crystals, grabbing Tenchi quickly
before they melted over his body.  She sat beside him and stroked his hair
back tenderly, tears falling down her cheeks.
     "Oh, Tenchi.." she sobbed softly, hugging him tight.  Tenchi winced at
the contact to his wounds, but hugged her back just as tightly.  "I'm okay,
Ryoko" he said.  "It's Ayeka that we have to worry about.  That assassin
poisoned her with something.."
     "All ready taken care of" said Washu, standing off to the side.  "I've
transported her to the lab, along with Azaka, Kamadake, and the others.  You
both should be going, too.  There's nothing for us to do here."  Tenchi
nodded, holding on to Ryoko painfully.
     "Will they be all right, Washu?" he asked.  Washu grinned and winked,
and typed in the command sequence for teleportation.  "Of course they will,
Tenchi.  Have a little faith, hmm?" she said.  Tenchi nodded, then removed
his shirt and wrapped Ryoko's bleeding hand in it.  Ryoko blushed fiercely
and gave him a loving look, slipping her arms around his chest gently.
     "See you in a sec, you two" she said, teleporting them away.  She
watched Nagi in concern for a while, then teleported herself after them.

***

     Nagi put her sword up to block a downward slash from Kimiko, gritting
her teeth as the force of the dark blade pushed her back against a
gravestone.  Kimiko withdrew, then whipped her blade around at Nagi's head,
narrowly missing it as Nagi ducked under its path.  The stone, sliced in
two, parted and tumbled down the hillside.  Kimiko laughed and flipped
backwards, squatting on the top of another gravestone, her sword at the
ready.
     "You can't dodge me forever, Nagi!" she said.  Nagi scowled and fired
at her, the glowing projectiles finding empty air when the assassin slipped
away.  She reappeared close to Nagi and foot swept her to the ground,
driving her blade towards her heart.  Nagi rolled away in time, however, and
managed to plant the tip of her boot into the assassin's stomach.  Kimiko
gasped, coughing blood, and flipped away again.
     "Very nice" said Kimiko, wiping the blood from her chin.  "I was
certain I had you then."  Nagi grinned and ran at her, leaping into the air
and bringing her blade down at the assassin.  Kimiko chuckled, and pulled
out a handful of blue dust.  She blew it at Nagi, who began to cough
violently, and rolled out of the way of the blow.
     Nagi fell on her side, dropping her blade and continuing to cough and
wipe at her eyes.  Kimiko came up to her and kicked her hard in the ribs,
making Nagi cry out painfully.  She kicked away her sword and lifted Nagi's
head by the hair, her glowing blade held to her throat.  Kimiko laughed
triumphantly, gloating over the sight of her enemy's helplessness.
     "And so you die, Nagi.  Helpless, alone, and painfully, just like my
uncle."  Nagi's eyes began to clear, and her breathing became normal,
looking into Kimiko's violet, hating eyes.  She smiled and coughed once
more, making the assassin angry.  "Why are you smiling?" said Kimiko, not
seeing Nagi slip her hand under her cloak.  "Does the prospect of dying
delight you?  A strange woman indeed, to laugh in the face of the reaper."
     "He'll not..come for me yet" managed Nagi, taking Kimiko's arm and
rolling her over to the ground.  Startled, Kimiko tried to turn back over,
but to no avail.  Nagi brought her knee down on Kimiko's elbow, breaking it
with a loud crunch.  The assassin screamed and dropped her sword, then
flipped her legs up and rolled backwards and away, breathing heavily.
     "Were you surprised, Kimiko?"  mocked Nagi, holding the handle of her
electric whip.  "The sound of your breaking bones is the catchiest tune I've
heard in years."  Kimiko screamed at that, holding her arm and leaping at
Nagi, hidden knives flipping out of her boot as she aimed a swift, killing
kick at her throat.  Nagi, however, ducked out of the way and caught her
leg, hurling her headfirst to the ground.
     Nagi stepped on the small of Kimiko's back and pressed hard, making her
scream.  The length of her whip snaked out and wrapped around the assassin's
throat, vibrating with deadly intent.
     "Go ahead and kill me, bitch" she hissed, immobilized by Nagi's foot.
Nagi sneered and squeezed the trigger, sending a high-powered current into
Kimiko's body.  She screamed in agony, then fainted, collapsing on the soft
grass.  "You'd like that, wouldn't you?" said Nagi at last.  "But no.  I'll
give you a greater punishment, and lt you live."

***

     "It's not good" said Washu, closing up her holographic keyboard.
"Kimiko's poison is too far along in Ayeka's system for normal treatment.  I
could put her in a timelock until I find the antidote, but I don't know how
long that will take.  The amino acids in this particular poison are too
obscure."
     Tenchi and the others stood around Ayeka's bedside, their spirits
sinking at Washu's words.  Sasami was cradling Ayeka's head, sobbing and
shaking, asking her sister not to die.  Washu came up behind her and hugged
her tight, trying her best not to cry herself.  Even Ryoko felt like crying
inside, but she grit her teeth and vowed to remain strong, sensing the need
for it.
     "Hang in there, Ayeka" she said, laying her hand on her rival's
shoulder.  "You've got to fight this.  Besides..who am I going to fight with
if you give up, hmm?  Think about that."  Ryoko smiled softly, trying to
remain brave, but feeling a tear fall down her cheek all the same.  Tenchi
came up behind her and laid his hands on her shoulders reassuringly, Ryoko
feeling grateful for the support.
     At the side, grandpa looked up from long contemplation and went over to
Ayeka, laying his hands over her cheeks.  He closed his eyes and
concentrated, sending out a flow of power.  His brow furrowed, and he looked
up, glancing at them all in turn.  Washu looked at him expectantly, having
sensed his intent.
     "She is strong, but the taint of the Tree of Darkness has taken root in
her" said grandpa, bleakly.  "I know of only one thing to do, and it could
very well mean my own life.  All of you, now...leave me with Ayeka.  For the
moment, my spirit and hers must become one, so that I may battle the forces
that could end her life."
     Half-heartedly, they agreed, seeing no other option.  Tenchi gave his
grandfather and Ayeka a worried look, then followed Washu and the others
outside.  Before he left, he felt an intense power growing behind him, and
another, colder and darker, that seemed to reach out for his very soul.  He
shivered and left the bay, the doors closing behind him with a finality that
chilled his heart.

***

     Grandpa closed his eyes and focused, sending his spirit into Ayeka's
body, deep into her very soul.  There, he found her battling an immense,
evil, bat-winged form, screaming and firing balls of green, glowing energy
at it, to no avail.  The form cackled and edged ever closer to her, its
fangs dripping venom.  Grandpa drew his sword and frowned, summoning his
strength, and drawing the attention of the monstrousity.
     "Brother Yosho!" screamed Ayeka, watching as the creature spread its
wings and attacked him, its dark claws clashing against grandpa's glowing
blade.  She heard it screech in pain as grandpa avoided its attack and
slashed up into its body, wounding it deeply.  It flew away and perched,
licking its wounds and growling deep in its throat.
     Yelling a battle cry, grandpa charged the creature, his glowing blade
at the ready.  Ayeka closed her eyes, and tried not to hear the screaming.
