   
Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo characters. Don't sue me I still 
have a life to live and I haven't even seen all the Cowboy Bebop 
episodes. Let's get on with the story.

 Tenchi Muyo in Dragon Love for You and Me
By: Shoka-chan or Raisha

Prologue:  A Nightmare!
  
     
             Shadows whirled around the women as she dreamt of   her 
death. The stars seemed to have glistened more than before. Her heart 
beat faster as every second rolled by. All she could see was hands with 
white gloves covering them. The haunting evil laughs that she could 
only remember as nightmare filled her ears with hatred. Her eyes shut 
so tight that she thought that they would bleed. 
           
  Ryoko shot up from the banister. As her eyes readapted with the 
dark surroundings. All the memories of her past flashed back into 
existents. A life without Kagato, killing or screams for mercy. She saw 
something else that amazed her. Ryoko floated off the banister and 
walked out side. "Maybe I should leave now." She whispered. Her voice 
full of sadness.  She felt a little content leaving this place and 
seeing what her past really was. As the cyan haired beauty walked 
across the lawn that seemed to hold precious memories of her time here 
with Tenchi. 
         
 As she walked up steps to the shrine she say something or 
someone waiting for her. Was it Lord Katsuhito? After she was up all 
those stairs he gave her something. Clothes, to change into. Did he 
know what she was going to do? "Come on Lady Ryoko. Do you think that 
your going somewhere with out an escort?" he asked.  She really didn't 
know what she was doing. " I'm not very sure what I'm doing." She 
huffed.           

"Ryoko just go change and, I'll tell you on the way." Katsuhito 
said as he walked toward the shrine. Ryoko just gradually walked 
behind. 'What are you doing Ryoko. Do you honestly trust the person who 
stuck you in that god forbiden cave?' she thought to herself.

After her changing into the white robes, Ryoko came out to see 
the ever so young Yosho, as he sat down by the table with some tea. She 
sat down in front of him. "Ryoko what do you remember from the past 
before our battle on earth?" He asked. "I see me with someone but the 
sight of him is foggy and I can't see who it is." She responded.  He 
slid closer to her and stood up. The sun was rising upon the mountains. 
He offered her a hand and she gladly took it. "Ryoko, do you know who 
taught you to love?" 

 "Yes, Tenchi taught me to love." She replied calmly. 
 
  "No, he didn't." he whispered. He squeezed her hand lightly. 
All went dark again. 
"Ryoko I'll show you who taught you how to love." A voice in the 
background spoke. In reality Yosho pulled her into a hug. His free hand 
went behind her neck, and he pulled her into a kiss. All the visions 
came back to Ryoko but there was a filling in the blanks. The person 
that she couldn't see was. was Yosho.

Everything that happened before the attack. She knew Yosho and he 
knew her for what she really was. Then Ayeka came along and Ryoko 
didn't want to be a part of it. Getting kidnapped by Kagato and 
forgotten until the attack on Juari. How she was created. She never 
really thought that because of Goddess Washu being her mother that she 
had juarian blood. Why was she forgotten though? Why did she fall in 
love with Yosho?  This could be a nightmare but in her heart she felt 
it was precise.

 Before she knew it she was kissing back. As her eyes opened up 
to see Yosho, she felt happy, and released. They let go of each other 
and blushed lightly. "Now you see Ryoko. Who taught you to love was 
me." He said, his voice silky like the seas. "Why didn't you tell me 
before?" she asked coming back up to him. "I didn't want to hurt you, 
again." Something was coming up the stairs. Then it fell down the 
stairs. They looked to see.

     Authors notes: this is my first fic on a web site and I'm quite 
nervous. Well next chapter out soon.  For now Ja Ne!!!!!!!!!!  
