Tenchi Muyo:  Dragon and Crane - Chap.6

     Unless one knew exactly what to look for, finding Washu's lab in the
literally trillions of alternate dimensions available would be like looking
for the proverbial needle in a haystack.  Yukio's sensors, however, were
locked onto Nagi's unique pattern much like bloodhounds after a scent, and
the guardian's way was easy.  He materialized in the medical bay, scanning
for his intended target, and found her lying prone on the bed.  Side panels
opened on his body, and a pair of deceptively weak, ungainly arms folded
outward to take her.
     Suddenly, two glowing balls of crackling energy detonated on his shell,
knocking him backwards.  Ryoko appeared then, her energy sword in one hand
and another charging volley of energy in the other.  She frowned and turned
to Nagi, who was sleeping peacefully despite the explosions.  "Normally, I
wouldn't care if anyone tried to do her in, but she's in my care, and you're
not going to touch her", said Ryoko, releasing the third ball when the
guardian recovered.  He pulled a shield up around himself and deflected the
blast, whcih made Ryoko furrow her brow in disappointment.
     "Who are you?", she said, taking her blade in a two-handed grip.  "Are
you Azaka and Kamadake's kid brother or something?  You definitely don't
have their manners, and that's unfortunate for you!"  She launched herself
at him then, crashing against his shield with powerful force.  Energy
crackled around them as she swung mightily at the guardian, blow after blow
ineffective in penetrating his defenses.  Yukio's eye flashed, and the
shield began to bow outward, pushing Ryoko away from him.  Twin energy
swords appeared in his tiny hands, and he dropped the shield, taking the
offensive against a rather shocked Ryoko, who barely managed to meet him
blow for blow.
     "Damn!", she swore, gritting her teeth against his power.  She faked a
lunge and dipped under his sword, stabbing upwards with frightening speed.
The guardian, however, was faster, and gyrated around in a 180 degree turn,
catching Ryoko a stunning blow on the head with a metal elbow.  The force of
the impact sent her sprawling backwards against the wall, knocking over a
table laden with machinery on the way.
     Yukio dispersed the swords and floated unhurriedly over to her side,
listening to her painful moaning with a certain satisfaction.  he knew she
was faking, however, and caught her arm before it could drive her sword
through his body.  The tiny fingers squeezed, tearing muscle and crushing
bone, making Ryoko scream in agony.  The other hand caught her around the
throat, and slammed her against the wall.
     "You will not stop me", said Yukio, bringing up the other arm.  A tiny
buzzsaw flipped out and began to whir like an angry hornet, moving slowly
toward her neck.  Ryoko struggled as best she could, but to no avail.  She
closed her eyes and gritted her teeth in pain, a tear travelling down her
cheek.  "Tenchi..", she said softly, and waited for death.

***

     Ayeka dropped to her knees before the wreckage, tearily running her
hands over the bodies of the guardians that had served her so faithfully.
The lights in their eyes were slowly dimming, and sparks shot from their
ravaged, opened casings.  Tenchi stood by her side, shocked and bewildered,
lost as to what to say.  Kimiko leaned against a gravestone and smiled,
watching.
     "Princess..we're..sorry" said Azaka, his voice crackling.  "We..
failed you."  His light went out then, Kamadake's following soon after, but
apparently too damaged to voice his own shame.  Ayeka stood slowly, fists at
her sides, and turned towards Kimiko, who raised a brow in amusement.
     "Ah, so the little princess has vengeance on her mind" she said,
grinning.  "You really shouldn't have been surprised, though.  Yukio was
Kagato's own guardian, after all.  Not that he needed one, of course, but
you have to admire our people's pragmatism."  Ayeka cried out then, an arc
of green force whipping around her feet and growing to a force shield.
Tiny, stick-like force bits floated and hummed around her, crackling with
the princess's deadly intent.
     "Loyalty such as they have given me merits all the vengeance in the
world!" she cried, powering up a globe of green force, "and if I have to die
myself to avenge them, then so be it!"  She fired the globe at Kimiko, who
rolled out of the way effortlessly.  Ayeka powered up another, sending out
shockwaves of power that ripped through the air, leaving behind the heavy,
pungent scent of ozone.  Tenchi leaped aside and watched helplessly, Ayeka's
rage an unstoppable force that he was certain would kill them all.
     Kimiko, however, expertly maneuvered through the blasts with all the
grace of a serpent.  She drew her blade slowly from its sheath, filling the
air with the sound of dying wails.  The sword was blacker than jet, and
glowed softly with malevolence.  She dipped under a blast and closed her
eyes in concentration, sliding its length through Ayeka's shield and nicking
her side.
     Princess Ayeka cried out and dropped to her knees, the Jurai power
fading from around her.  Tenchi screamed her name, running toward the
assassin with a fallen tree limb he had found.  Kimiko chuckled dismissively
and threw out a handful of sharp, red crystals that tacked him to a tree,
sliding their spires into the bark and holding him as surely as steel
manacles.  Ayeka held her side and yelled after him, blood trickling slowly
from between her fingers.
     "Stay put, Romeo" said Kimiko, sheathing her blade.  She kneeled before
Ayeka and squeezed her cheeks roughly between her fingers, and put her face
close to hers.
     "Everything has a weakness, princess" she said.  "Your shield, your
guardians, and your pathetic boyfriend over there.  And if there's one thing
I know, it's how to exploit them."
