Disclaimer: look I don't own Tenchi. Just Pioneer. But I do own the 
ideas, Miko, Lancer, God Naf and other stuff. So don't sue me other 
stuff that comes up in this chapter. I wont say what it is so let the 
story begin.

Dragon love for you and me
  By: Raisha or Shoka-chan
   Part4: No Time to Think


Ryoko sighed as the man awoke. She walked towards the closet and 
gave him some clothes. "Ryoko?" he asked. She turned toward him. "How 
do you my name?" She asked curiously. As soon as she finished he got up 
and hugged her. Ryoko not knowing what to do just stood there. As he 
let go he saw that it was Ryoko but she was in a way different. He 
backed away slowly. "Oh sorry. My name is Tenchi." He whispered.  She 
walked over to him. "That's mean Heaven and Earth. I say that's a 
beautiful name you have." She called delighted.
As the time flew by Tenchi learned more about Ryoko. She had told 
him of almost everything in her life. Surprised by her own openness 
towards this man she stayed during the howl night. None of the others 
seemed to waking up yet. Ryoko becoming worried and hungry went to the 
kitchen and cooked some dinner. Tenchi surprised that she knew how to 
cook. 
"You seemed to be a regular Juarian." She replied.
    "Yah but I'm from earth." Tenchi commented
"You are from earth!?! Oh you must tell me all about it." Ryoko 
cried joyfully.
    "It is very beautiful in the summer time and fall. But the 
cherry blossoms make the great at home." Tenchi said.
"Why are you here then? You must miss home very much." Ryoko 
asked. 
"Well we are looking for someone. She disappeared and she came 
here. She was very beautiful." Tenchi replied sadly. 
"You speak as if you are very fond of her." Ryoko sighed. Tenchi 
nodded.
The doors to the church opened. Ryoko and Tenchi both turned to 
see Yosho looking at them. Ryoko smiled as he slowly came in. "Yosho 
what are you doing here?" Ryoko asked.
Yosho smiled and turned to see Miko being carried by Lancer. 
Ryoko got to her feet and walked past Yosho to Miko. Lancer gave her 
the child. "Ryoko have you been up all night?" Ryoko looked out of one 
of the stained glass windows and saw that it was daylight. She nodded 
while blushing lightly. Yosho looked at Tenchi with a smirk among his 
face. Ryoko held Miko as the child slowly fell asleep. 
The priestess noticing Yosho's look introduced each other Tenchi 
to Yosho. "Yosho this is Tenchi. Tenchi this is my husband." Yosho 
smiled and look at Ryoko. "Ayeka came back last night." He said. Ryoko 
almost dropped Miko. "What! She wasn't supposed to be back yet." She 
complained. "Well Faith wants you to return for us to form an 
alliance." Yosho finished. Ryoko sighed.
"I'll stay here today Yosho. You need to talk to Ayeka and tell 
about the marriage." Ryoko whispered.   From the distance between them 
Yosho heard every word. He walked up to her and kissed her on the lips. 
"I'll see you when you get home." He whispered in her ear. He looked at 
baby Miko then to Ryoko. "I'll keep here for today." She said. Yosho 
then walked away. Before he left he shook Lancer's hand.
Tenchi looked at Ryoko. "Oh sorry this is Miko. My precious 
angel." She gave the sleeping baby to Tenchi. He was shocked because 
Ryoko and Taro just didn't go together. Tenchi looked at Miko as she 
began to wake up from the difference in hands holding her. As her eyes 
opened she grabbed Tenchi's shirt and said "Dadda!!" Ryoko looked at 
her. Tenchi gave Miko back to Ryoko and silently sighed. The priestess 
looked at Tenchi. "You do look like Yosho I guess."
:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:
*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*
In a totally different dimension Naf and Tsunami talks out the 
plan for Ryoko. Naf wore Faith robes (they look like juarian robes but 
have a cap around it.) that seemed to match his long dirty blonde hair. 
His eyes looked like a cats but greenish blue. "Oh dear Tsunami. You 
must understand that Ryoko and I will not be separated." 
"Are you saying then that you love this girl?" Tsunami asked.
 "Yes I say I do. Since I am one with her I will keep her happy 
with Yosho." Naf said.
"If you even think I will let Tenchi drop out of this then you 
are wrong." Tsunami commented.
 "I must say Tenchi came all this way for nothing. Why doesn't he 
just go to the princess?" Naf called getting upset.
"You can't stop me Naf. Tenchi is going to have Ryoko. And you 
will not interfere with this." Tsunami demanded. 
 Naf laughed to himself. "You turn into quiet the Tokimi. Let see 
if you can actually over rule me like she wants." He said as he 
disappeared.



Author's notes: sorry for the partial cliffhanger. I just wanted it to 
end where Naf and Tsunami end this argument. I'm making a website and 
if you want any of your fanfic's there e-mail it to me. NEXT CHAPTER: 
does Tsunami have control over Miko or not? When while the rest of the 
gang wake up or will they. And what is up with Yosho? Ja Ne for now!!!




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 


































