Tenchi Muyo:  Dragon and Crane - Pt.3


     They found Washu deep inside the metal and wire guts of her latest
invention, humming along to Prince's "Raspberry Beret" on the radio.
     "..and if it was warm, she wouldn't wear much more" she sang.
     Tenchi rapped noisily on the outside of the contraption, making Washu
cry out in surprise and slide out annoyedly, dirt and oil smudging her
deceptively youthful, innocent countenance.
     "Yeah, what is it.." she started, then blinked at Tenchi and the
others.  "Tenchi?  Well, well, well, this is quite a surprise, I'd say.  And
Ryoko and Grandpa too.  And..Nagi?  She removed her goggles for a better
view, her green eyes widening in shock.  "Oh my.  Quickly, now.  Come with
me."
     Washu led them through a portal gateway and into a medical bay, wiping
her hands on her black tanktop and gesturing to them to lay her on a nearby
table.  She brought up a keyboard and began typing in commands, green,
glowing arches forming around Nagi's still body.  The arches began to hum
softly, and Nagi groaned.
     "Not good at all" said Washu, frowning.  "Her right lung is punctured,
and she'll choke to death on her own blood if this treatment doesn't take.
Not to mention that she has a concussion, three slipped discs, and four
cracked ribs."  Ryoko handed Ken-Ohki to Washu gently, and her eyes widened
again at the state of him.
     "You poor dear" she said, laying her hand over him.  A soft, white glow
began to emanate from her palm, and Ken-Ohki meowed painfully.  Tenchi and
the others looked on in awe of her, until the glowing stopped and Washu
began stroking his head reassuringly.  She took him over to a smaller table
and punched up another set of green arches to aid in his healing process.
She patted him gently and smiled.
     "Tough little guy, aren't you?" she said.  "But you'll be all right.
You're just lucky that you heal all of your damage when you change back from
your spaceship form.  A little Irradiate Cortosone Treatment ought to heal
those burns just fine."  Ryo-Ohki padded up softly to his table and laid her
paws on it, meowing softly.  Washu picked her up and stroked her, looking at
her with tender concern.
     "He'll be fine, Ryo-Ohki" she said.  "Remember, you've got the greatest
scientific genius in the universe looking after him.  She won't let you
down."  At the side, Ryoko smiled softly at that, then looked over at Nagi
on the table.  Readings near her body were fluctuating rapidly, and she
frowned at the mixed meanings that implied for them both.  Tenchi and
Grandpa stood near her body sullenly, watching her slow, painful intakes of
breath.  Tenchi turned to Washu and lowered his head.
     "We owe her, Washu.  Despite our past differences, we owe her for
helping us defeat Kagato.  Please..do everything you can for her."  Grandpa
nodded in agreement, the green lights from the table shining off his
glasses.  Washu set Ryo-Ohki down and grinned, taking them both by the
shoulders and leading them out of the bay.
     "Now, now.  You just leave everything to me" she said, patting their
bottoms.  "Now off with you.  Let us women do all the work, as usual."
     "But.." started Tenchi, the door closing in front of him.  Washu closed
her eyes and waved.  "Buh-bye!" she said.  "I'll get word to you later.  Be
good, now."
     "Well, I guess I'll be off, too" said Ryoko, preparing to leave.  Washu
shook her head and tossed her a white bundle, a red cross standing out on
the front.  Washu pulled on a nurse's outfit and grinned at her.  Ryoko
looked at the bundle wordlessly.
     "I'm afraid not, Ryoko.  I need your help with Nagi."  Ryoko gritted
her teeth and dropped the bundle to the floor.  "What are you, crazy?" she
said.  "That bitch has tried to kill me on more occasions than I can count!
And now you want me to play Florence Nightingale with her?"
     Washu went up to her and slapped her hard across the cheek.  Ryoko
stood there, shocked, and held her burning cheek while she lowered her head.
  Washu handed her back the bundle and went over to the table.  Ryoko's gaze
followed her, her mind in a turmoil at what to do.
     "Your past differences are the exact reason why I need you to help me,
Ryoko, and only you" said Washu, not unkindly.  "Part of growing up is
learning to forgive those who have wronged you, and helping those who are in
need.  Now get dressed and help me.  She's dying, you know.  Forget that
she's your enemy, and help me to make things right."
     Ryoko nodded hesitantly, pulling on the nurse's outfit and coming up to
the table.  Washu laid a hand on her shoulder and smiled, patting it gently.
     "Sorry for the slap", she said.  "But you can be a bit bull-headed at
times, Ryoko."
     "Like mother like daughter, I guess" returned Ryoko with a grin.  Washu
chuckled and stepped away.  "Touche', my dear" she said.  "Now help me get
her out of those bloody clothes.  I need to see just how extensive the
damage is."
***
     The guardian's single, glowing eye blazed like a hot coal in the gloom
of the ship.  "All readings confirmed", it said.  "Nagi is alive, albeit
barely.  Shall we begin our descent, mistress?"
     She smiled and nodded, laying a finger on her lower lip in
contemplation.  "Do a wideband scan for lifeforms first, then set us down in
the nearest secluded area, Yukio."  The guardian blinked in compliance and
did so, the ship slowly descending to the earth's surface.  The woman closed
her eyes and grinned, drawing a finger down the length of her sword.
     "Your luck has just run out, bounty-hunter" she said.  "Now, you belong
to me."