I don't own Tenchi, Pioneer does.

					Tenchi Muyo
				    Dreams Within Dreams
				       Author Comments
					By Nexodus
				           Oct 11, 2001


	I know it's been a while since I posted a new fanfic, but these are crazy times that 
can slow down and speed up certain things. The crazy factors involved in my sloth-like-
speed mostly come from the tragic events of Sept. 11, 2001. I'm not going to get into 
detail on that cause I'm sure everybody has heard enough about that at the moment.  
Another factor is college. All I have to say is, damn. Work also is a factor. 
So I sit here, typing, hoping that I get some readers. I've gotten feedback from a 
guy, I'm not going to say names but he was the only person who sent feedback about the 
series. So I'd like to say thanks. I swear, If I don't get any feed back from my series, then 
that means that I only have one fan and I'm going to have to stand on I75 with my pants 
down and a sign that says "Read My Series" at what ever.com. Is Nexodus unpopular? 
Well what do you expect from a new author. I'm not exactly Steven King but hey, I'm 
getting better. Anyway, I'm rambling.
To all those wondering what's going to happen to Dreams Within Dreams. Well I 
figure I'll post the complete Episode Guide so here it is:

Series 01
Episode 01: A Bad Moon
Episode 02: The Myth of the Key
Episode 03: Love Will Leave You Crying
Episode 04: Love Finds A Way
Series 02
Episode 05: Looking into an Evil Mirror
Episode 06: Gateway to the Forever
Episode 07: Ashes to Ashes, Dust to Dust 
Episode 08: Tumbling Down the Rabbit Hole
Series 03
Episode 09: Twilight of the Goddess
Episode 10: A Call to Arms
Episode 11: The Secret of the Light Hawk Wings
Episode 12: To Every Captive Soul
Series 04 
Episode 13: A Time to Celebrate
Episode 14: The Children of Jurai
Episode 15: The Dark truth of the Dreams
Episode 16: Twilight in the Passage to Death
Series 05
Episode 17: Coup De Tat
Episode 18: The Center of the Universe
Episode 19: The Great Revolution
Episode 20: Forever May Not Be Long Enough

There you have it. Some Title Changes occurred. Episode 5 was originally 
planned to be called "School Daze and Hard Work" but I figured that the title was lame. 
Second. Episode 6, which was originally called "Let My Home Be My Gallows", was 
originally meant to be a psychological thriller. But the story had too much Martel. So in 
light of that event, It will be part of a 6 part mini series called "The Heart of the Hunter". 
Pretty cool huh. 
Some new Characters and locations will be introduced in the series other than 
Durant, Martel, Ten, Page, Jerec, and D. Future Characters are Jericho, an Assassin, 
Avalon, the Ruler of the New Republic of Veronia who hides behind a mask. Chancellor 
Nimoy of the New Republic of Veronia. A woman named Sheera who has a connection 
to Emperor Asuza. That's it for now.
The Story is going to pick up even more and new and old questions will be 
answered. The Number One Question is how did Ryoko Generate Light Hawk Wings? 
That will be answered. There will be some untold stories of new and old characters that 
will come to light and Nagi will finally make an appearance. 
Well, I'm going to go. I would like to say, however, before I go that Episode 05: 
Looking into an Evil Mirror, is 80% complete and that should kick of Part 2. Any way, 
I'm out of here. Remember Questions, Comments, and Criticisms are welcome. Don't be 
Shy. At least acknowledge that you read my series by just emailing me at either 
Nexodus@msn.com or Nexodus@PlantJurai.com. Thanks for reading.
