
Author:   Mike Fenton <mpfenton@hotmail.com>
Title:    AFS #8 (SOCIAL SILLINESS)
Notes:    Regular (OVA), script format
Summary:  A few serious faux pas are narrowly avoided.

[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EXT. FLOATING ONSEN

2    INT. POOLS

     Ryoko is bathing at the edge of a pool, flanked by a
couple trees--awash in morning sunlight.  She has a handy
bottle of sake nearby, as Ryo-Ohki trots up to the pool,
cabbit-form.

          RYOKO:  That stupid princess--always stealing my
ideas.  Who does she think she is?

     Ryo-Ohki suddenly transforms into humanoid form and
dives into the pool.

          RYO-OHKI:  Miyaah!

     Ryoko reels in surprise.

          RYOKO: Gyah!  (discovers Ryo-Ohki)  Oh, it's just
you.

     Ryo-Ohki is very pleasant for a moment, then frowns.

          RYO-OHKI:  Miya?

     Ryoko scowls and turns away.

          RYOKO:  No, I don't know.  And I don't care,
either.  That nitwit.  She's as bad as that stupid princess.

     Ryoko grabs the bottle and seems about to drink for a
moment, then glares at Ryo-Ohki.

          RYOKO:  And don't touch my sake!

          RYO-OHKI:  (deflated)  Miya...

     Ryo-Ohki frowns for a few moments, as Ryoko drinks,
then takes out a carrot.

          RYO-OHKI:  Carrot?

     Ryoko takes a moment to look shocked, then narrows her
eyes.

          RYO-OHKI:  No carrot?

          RYOKO:  (snorting)  Honestly!

3    TITLE:  "EPISODE 8:  SOCIAL SILLINESS"

4    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Ayeka is out front, sweeping, as Noboyuki appears,
carrying a small briefcase.

          NOBOYUKI:  Good morning, Ayeka!

          AYEKA:  Good morning, honorable Father.

          NOBOYUKI:  Sweeping again, eh?

          AYEKA:  (a little snide)  Someone has to do chores
around here.

          NOBOYUKI:  (chuckling)  Well, it's nice to see
someone who doesn't shirk responsibility.

          AYEKA:  (very pleasant)  Of course.

     Noboyuki suddenly thinks of something.

          NOBOYUKI:  Oh, that reminds me.  Father-in-law
wanted to see you about something.  Said it had something to
do with Jurai.  I think.  I'm not sure.

          AYEKA:  (surprised)  Oh!

5    EXT. FOGGY TRAIL (flashback)

          TSUNAMI:  Ayeka, it would never do to have Tenchi
marry you just before the emperor arrives.  Yosho hasn't
been made aware, but the king is coming, and will soon be
here.

6    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Ayeka is standing alone, holding the broom.  She looks
briefly confused, then begins to stroll toward the storage
room.

          AYEKA:  Must be a coincidence.  That couldn't have
really been Tsunami.  (VO)  Or could it?

7    EXT. THIRD FLOOR BALCONY

     Tenchi is standing in front of an easel, about to
paint.

          TENCHI:  Inspiration...  Damn.  I'm getting
nothing.

     The painting reveals a blank canvas.

8    INT. GALLERY (flashback)

     Tenchi is standing in front of an easel, painting, as
Cassandra watches from a nearby sofa.  Tenchi frowns, and
looks back.

          TENCHI:  I don't get it.

     Cassandra takes out a cigar and lights it.

          CASSANDRA:  What?

          TENCHI:  How you do it.

     She rolls her eyes, and blows some smoke.

          CASSANDRA:  You begin from inspiration, then you
pad in the holes.  There is nothing to it, really.

          TENCHI:  (confused)  Pad in the holes?

     She gets up and stands next to Tenchi.  She gestures at
the easel.

          CASSANDRA:  You have inspiration, right?

          TENCHI:  Right.

     Sasami enters, looks around curiously, then goes over
to stand next to Tenchi.

          CASSANDRA:  The bears and their paws.  Think of
their art like a way of making those paws extend out at your
public.  Then sharpen it.  The rest is all just padded in
the holes.

          TENCHI:  Oh, right.  I remember.  Bordering.

          CASSANDRA:  The most basic rule in any art.  Get
the composition.

          TENCHI:  Yeah, but I was always taught the other
way.  Inside-out.

     Sasami looks on, a little wide-eyed.

          SASAMI:  Oh, I see.  Start at the ends and work
your way inward.

          TENCHI:  (frowning)  But that doesn't make any
sense.  How do you go from evoking bear paws to filling in
the middle?

     Cassandra puts a hand on his shoulder, gesturing with
her cigar.

          CASSANDRA:  It is all the head, Tenchi.  What you
make with it is your business, but I can tell you of the
experience--the whole best work is made in the margins.  The
middle is for people that don't get it.

          SASAMI:  (gasping)  Wow!  I had no idea.

          TENCHI:  (skeptical)  You realize that nothing
from the margins ever lasts very long?  A painting over a
hundred years--

     Cassandra sighs, stepping back to the sofa.

          CASSANDRA:  Yes, it is cropped.  It is a fact of
life, Tenchi.  All your best work it fades, eventually.
Of course, you--as an artist--will be a lot dead before it
happens.

9    EXT. THIRD FLOOR BALCONY

     Tenchi sighs and looks upward.

          TENCHI:  I knew this was a bad idea.

     Noboyuki slides open the door and enters.  He adjusts
his glasses and looks over Tenchi's shoulder.

          TENCHI:  Hello, Dad.

          NOBOYUKI:  Minimalism?

          TENCHI:  No, Dad.  Just can't seem to get
inspired.

          NOBOYUKI:  Oh, I see.  What you need is to run an
errand.

          TENCHI:  (suspicious, glancing around)  An errand?

          NOBOYUKI:  (conspiratorially, beckoning Tenchi a
little closer)  I need you to find your Grandpa's old stash.

          TENCHI:  Stash?

          NOBOYUKI:  (agreeing)  That's right.  He's got
some old sake hidden away somewhere in the shrine.  I want
you to go find it.

     Tenchi folds his arms, a little annoyed.

          TENCHI:  But how am I going to find it?  Won't
Grandpa be there, at the shrine?

     Noboyuki clears his throat, explaining.

          NOBOYUKI:  Ah, well, you see--I happen to know
that your Grandpa is going to be out of the way for a little
while.

          TENCHI:  Doing what?

          NOBOYUKI:  Heaven only knows, Tenchi.  All he told
me was that he was doing paperwork.  Beyond that, I don't
think I want to know.

          TENCHI:  (amused)  Yeah, I guess I don't blame
you.

          NOBOYUKI:  To tell you the truth--ever since all
this alien stuff--I've had a lot of suspicions about him.
Oh, well.  You just run along and find that stash.

          TENCHI:  (rolling his eyes)  Right, Dad.

     Noboyuki frowns, looking around at the easel.

          NOBOYUKI:  Oh, Tenchi--

     Tenchi is about to turn toward the door, stops and
looks around again.

          TENCHI:  What is it, Dad?

          NOBOYUKI:  (gesturing at the easel)  Painting,
right?

          TENCHI:  Right.

          NOBOYUKI:  Art?

          TENCHI:  Yeah.

          NOBOYUKI:  You do realize, Son, that art is for
people who can't do technical work?

     Tenchi is a little flabbergasted.

          NOBOYUKI:  (gesturing expansively)  It's all right
for picking up the ladies, but...  You can't be serious.
Right?

     Tenchi sighs, annoyed again.

          TENCHI:  You're right, Dad.  It's just a hobby.

     Tenchi exits, while Noboyuki considers.

          NOBOYUKI:  That's good to hear.

10   EXT. SPACE

     A cruiser comes to docking position with a space port.

11   INT. CRUISER

     Mihoshi is sitting asleep in the pilot seat as her
grandfather, the marshal, walks in--looking annoyed.  He
suddenly smiles and puts a hand on her shoulder.

          MIHOSHI:  I'm awake!  What?  (looking around)  Oh,
geez!  Gran-, I mean, Marshal, Sir--  I--

          MARSHAL:  Settle down, Mihoshi.  We've arrived.
Thanks to your excellent navigating, we're early.

          MIHOSHI:  Wow, really?

     The marshal checks a readout in front of Mihoshi.

          MARSHAL:  We'll have plenty of time to prepare for
his Majesty.

          MIHOSHI:  (wide-eyed and nervous)  Majesty?  You
mean, the king--?

     He nods, looking very satisfied.

          MARSHAL:  Yes.  Of Jurai.  It seems all our hard
work is paying off, finally.

          MIHOSHI:  (a little overwhelmed)  Oh, my!  This is
exciting.  I mean, I've never actually met the man.  Well, I
almost did, but that was right after that little accident
and I was just...

     He sighs, letting Mihoshi rattle on.

          MARSHAL:  (VO)  Too bad it's just a brief
encounter.  Mihoshi's going to be disappointed that she
won't actually meet him again.

12   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Tenchi enters, looking carefully around just before
sliding the door closed.

13   INT. SHRINE

     Tenchi goes to a small closet and looks under a small
stack of books, finding a suspicious-looking box--about the
size normally used for hauling vegetables, but carefully
tied-up with strings.

          TENCHI:  Well, that was easy.  This dusty old box
looks awfully big for boring old records.

     Tenchi picks up the box, and carries it toward the
center of the room.

          TENCHI:  Not too heavy.

     He gently shakes it, then raises an eyebrow as he hears
the sound of glass against glass in the box.

          TENCHI:  Bingo.

     The door suddenly slides open.  Tenchi is paralyzed
with shock, and he glances around.  Ayeka enters, swiftly
shutting the door.

          AYEKA:  Brother?  Are you in here?  Oh!

     Ayeka notices Tenchi, and glances at the box.

          AYEKA:  Lord Tenchi, I didn't see you there.

          TENCHI:  (chuckling, nervous)  Oh, it's all right.
I was... just running a little errand.

          AYEKA:  For what purpose, might I ask?

          TENCHI:  Oh!  It's... nothing, really!  (chuckling
again)  Just a few old things that Dad wanted to take care
of.

          AYEKA:  Really?  You mean, honorable Father sent
you here?

          TENCHI:  Right...

     She ponders to herself, then blushes and backs toward
the door, again.

          AYEKA:  I see.  I shall not waste a moment more of
your time, Lord Tenchi.  I see that you are busy, and I must
have assumed a few things incorrectly.

          TENCHI:  (innocently confused)  Huh?  Oh, no...  I
mean, whatever you were told, I'm sure it's not your fault.
Just an innocent little misunderstanding, I'm sure.

     Ayeka turns to leave.

          AYEKA:  I'm sure I'll see you when I get back.
Good day.

     Tenchi stares for a few moments, as Ayeka leaves and
the door slides closed again.

          TENCHI:  Oh, man!  That was too close!  I just
know Ayeka wouldn't want me to touch this.

     Tenchi looks at the box, then looks back at the door
for a moment, then picks up the box.

          TENCHI:  On the other hand, it was Dad that told
me to get this.  I can just blame this all on him.

14   EXT. SHRINE STEPS

     Ayeka finds a small clearing in the trees to hide in.

          AYEKA:  (VO)  This is very strange.  I wonder what
Lord Tenchi is hiding?

15   EXT. FOGGY TRAIL (flashback)

          TSUNAMI:  Yosho would think nothing of tricking
Tenchi into making some rash proposal to you.  Tenchi is
still very naive, after all.

16   EXT. SHRINE STEPS

     Ayeka looks up and watches as Tenchi goes by, holding
the box on his shoulder.

          AYEKA:  (VO)  If my brother is planning something,
then it must be that Lord Noboyuki...  Then when my father
comes...  Maybe Tsunami was right.

17   EXT. FOGGY TRAIL (flashback)

          TSUNAMI:  (softly)  Ayeka, Tenchi's not a child,
anymore.  Yosho expects far too much of him, and it may cost
him his life if the emperor arrives in the middle of all
this.  Do you understand?

18   EXT. SHRINE STEPS

     Ayeka grimaces, fretting.

          AYEKA:  (VO)  Oh!  This is so upsetting!  What am
I going to do?

19   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami looks around, stamps a foot, and groans to
herself.

          SASAMI:  Oh!  This is so frustrating!  I just knew
we had some cooking sake in here!

     Noboyuki enters, adjusting his glasses, inquiringly
glancing at Sasami.

          NOBOYUKI:  Something the matter, Sasami?

     Sasami gasps, then smiles and gives a quick bow.

          SASAMI:  Honorable Father, I'm just working on a
little food.

          NOBOYUKI:  Everything all right?  It sounded like
a crisis in here.

          SASAMI:  (gesturing off-handedly)  It's nothing.
The food will be fine.

          NOBOYUKI:  (looking around)  You sure?  Cause if
it's the cooking sake, it wouldn't be any trouble getting
more.

          SASAMI:  Are you sure?  We really don't need any.

          NOBOYUKI:  No, no.  It's no trouble.  We can
always use extra, if we get too much.

     Noboyuki turns and leaves, just as Sasami is about to
object again.  Sasami sighs and turns back to the cutting
board.

20   INT. ENTRANCE

     Tenchi enters with the box, just as Noboyuki enters
from the kitchen.

          NOBOYUKI:  Ah, perfect timing!

     Tenchi adjusts the box on his shoulder and gestures
toward it.

          TENCHI:  Where do you want this, Dad?

          NOBOYUKI:  I'll take that.

     Noboyuki takes the box, as Tenchi gratefully hands it
to him.

     Tenchi wipes away some sweat from his forehead, and
Noboyuki puts the box on his shoulder.

          NOBOYUKI:  Now, Son, I need you to run into town
and get us some more... uh, cooking sake.  That's it.

          TENCHI:  (a little exasperated)  More sake?

          NOBOYUKI:  (frowning)  It's just a little cooking
sake.  Shouldn't take you more than an hour to get there and
back.  Take your time, Tenchi.

     Tenchi heaves a sigh, as Noboyuki turns to leave with
the box.

          TENCHI:  Right.

          NOBOYUKI:  (turning again)  Oh, and if you happen
to bump into your grandpa, don't tell him about any of this.
I'm planning a special surprise for him.

          TENCHI:  It's not his birthday or something, is
it?

          NOBOYUKI:  Yeah, how did you guess?

          TENCHI:  Never mind.  I'll go get the sake, Dad.

          NOBOYUKI:  Have fun, Tenchi!

     Tenchi and Noboyuki turn to leave--Tenchi toward the
front, and Noboyuki goes through to the kitchen, again.
Tenchi reaches out to open the door, just as Ayeka slides it
open.

          AYEKA:  Oh!

          TENCHI:  Oh, hello again, Ayeka!

          AYEKA:  Hello.

     Just at that moment, Ryoko appears, holding a bottle of
sake.

          RYOKO:  Tenchi--?  Hey!  (looking around at Ayeka)
What are you doing here?

     Tenchi rolls his eyes for a moment, then smiles.

          TENCHI:  Hey there, Ryoko.  You're looking nice
today.

     Ayeka frowns and glares at Ryoko.

          AYEKA:  Really, Ryoko.  You are so rude!  First,
you accost Lord Tenchi for no good reason, then you flaunt
yourself all over my person.

          RYOKO:  (confused)  Flaunt?

          AYEKA:  (casual, dismissive)  Now, if you don't
mind, you're standing in the way.  Can't you see that Lord
Tenchi is waiting for you to step aside?

          TENCHI:  (raising a finger to object)  Actually,
I--

     Ryoko floats a little closer to Ayeka, gesturing with
the bottle of sake.

          RYOKO:  Me?  What nerve!  If anyone's standing in
the way, Princess, it's you.  And anyway, I only came here
to ask a little favor.

     Ayeka continues feigning indifference, folding her
arms.

          AYEKA:  I shall not move aside--not one inch.  I
have just as much right to stand here as you, if not more.

     Tenchi sighs again and slumps against the wall.

          RYOKO:  More?  What gives you more right to this
entrance than me?  The fact that you're a princess?  Huh?

          AYEKA:  No.  Simply speaking, even if you and I
were on equal speaking terms--which, I assure you, we are
not--you would be obliged to move aside because of one
rather obvious difference between us.

          RYOKO:  Oh?  And that would be?

          AYEKA:  (grinning)  Your size.  You've obviously
been putting on weight, recently, Ryoko.

     Ryoko looks at herself speculatively.

          RYOKO:  Putting on--?  What the--?

     Tenchi frowns with apprehension.

          TENCHI:  Oh, boy.

     Tenchi starts to sneak off toward the side door, as
Ryoko continues to appraise herself.

          RYOKO:  You must be crazy, Princess.  I haven't
gained any weight!

          AYEKA:  You haven't?  No, I'd say it's pretty
obvious you have.  From here it looks like a few inches
around your waist, at least.

          RYOKO:  No way!

          AYEKA:  It's true.  Or haven't your clothes been a
little too tight, recently?  Huh?

          RYOKO:  (anxious)  Well, I have to admit they did
seem a little snug this morning.

          AYEKA:  (laughing)  I knew it!  You see, Ryoko.  I
have an eye for these things.  Believe me.  In another month
or so, you'll be like this.

     Ayeka pantomimes holding a big belly in front of her,
as Ryoko gasps and flickers away.

     At the side door, Tenchi has slid it open when Ryoko
appears in front of him, looking sad and anxious.

          RYOKO:  Tenchi.  Tell me it isn't true.  I'm not
actually fat, am I?

          TENCHI:  What?  Don't be stupid, Ryoko!  You look
great!  I already told you so!

          RYOKO:  Please, Tenchi!  Don't flatter me!  I need
to know the truth!  Now, am I gaining weight or not?

     Tenchi frowns again, frustrated.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko, you look the same now as you did
before.

          RYOKO:  (hopeful, cheering up)  Really?  Is that
true?

          TENCHI:  (smiling, very casual)  Trust me.  You're
not gaining weight.  I would've noticed.

     Ryoko hugs Tenchi, sighing with relief.

          RYOKO:  Oh, that's so sweet of you!  Thank you!

          TENCHI:  (nervous)  Uh, Ryoko...

          RYOKO:  What?

     Tenchi is not exactly annoyed, but not entirely at
ease.

          TENCHI:  You mentioned that you came here to ask a
favor, I think.

     She pulls away, thinking to herself.

          RYOKO:  I did?

          TENCHI:  Yeah.

     Ryoko ponders for a moment, then punches herself in the
head.

          RYOKO:  Oh, yeah.  I remember.  I'm just about out
of sake.  Could you be a sweetheart and get me some more?

     Tenchi sighs, yet again, and rolls his eyes.

          TENCHI:  (VO)  I should have known.

     Ayeka appears in the hallway and gestures, helpfully.

          AYEKA:  You know, sake can be quite fattening.

          RYOKO:  (gruff)  Who asked you?  (calm)  Please,
Tenchi.  Just this once.  I promise I'll be extra nice about
it.

          TENCHI:  Really?  You won't get carried away or
anything?  Because, you know, this is a special day.  Oh,
wait a minute.  I promised not to say anything.  Oh, well.
Just don't tell anyone else.

     Tenchi glances back around at Ayeka, chuckling
nervously.

          AYEKA:  Special day?

          RYOKO:  I promise, Tenchi.  Hurry back!

     Tenchi runs out the door.

          TENCHI:  See you later!

     Ayeka walks over to the door, puzzling.

          AYEKA:  What special day is this?

          RYOKO:  (flippant, a little smug)  Nothing special
for you, I'm sure.

          AYEKA:  (pondering to herself)  Really?  You think
so?  (considers for a moment)  No.  You can delude yourself
about your weight all you like, but this is certainly
something I'm looking forward to.  I can't wait to find out
what Tenchi is planning.

     Ryoko feigns indifference, folding her arms.

          RYOKO:  Sheesh!  I'm sure it's nothing.

21   EXT. NEAR GATE

     Tenchi walks through the gate and greets Azaka and
Kamidake, then greets Ryo-Ohki--who is clambering along in
cabbit form.  Ryo-Ohki transforms into humanoid form and
manages a quick bow.

          TENCHI:  Hey, Ryo-Ohki!

          RYO-OHKI:  Miya!

          TENCHI:  Wow, you're making a lot of progress with
that bow!  And I bet you're going to grow up really fast,
too!

          RYO-OHKI:  (shyly looking away)  Mi...yah!

     Tenchi rubs Ryo-Ohki on the head and starts walking
down the path.

          TENCHI:  I'll see you soon, Ryo-Ohki.  I've got
another errand to run.

     Ryo-Ohki turns and catches up with Tenchi.

          RYO-OHKI:  Miya, miya.  Miya.

     Tenchi stops and looks at Ryo-Ohki again.

          TENCHI:  What?  Oh... You want a carrot?

          RYO-OHKI:  Miya!

          TENCHI:  Well, just go pick one, Ryo-Ohki.  I'm
sure there's plenty left in the patch.

          RYO-OHKI:  (a little petulant)  Miya!

          TENCHI:  (considering)  Huh?  Oh, you want me to
pick out one for you?

          RYO-OHKI:  (overjoyed)  Miya!

          TENCHI:  (rolls his eyes, then smiles)  Oh, okay.
But just this once.

     Tenchi and Ryo-Ohki head off down the path.

22   EXT. SPACE

     A space station with a couple of cruisers docked
alongside.

23   INT. COMM STATION

     Mihoshi is sitting in front of a display panel, asleep
again.  The marshal walks in and sighs again, then puts his
hand on Mihoshi's shoulder.

          MIHOSHI:  Freeze!  Don't move!  You're surrounded!

     The marshall narrows his eyes.

          MARSHAL:  (softly)  It's okay, Mihoshi.  I'm just
directing your attention toward the tactical display.

     The marshal points at a large display, and Mihoshi
follows his gesture.  Several groups of symbols are
converging slowly toward a round symbol in the middle.

          MARSHAL:  You see that group of warships?

          MIHOSHI:  The Juraian fleet?

          MARSHAL:  Yes.  Notice how they seem to be moving
directly in between the Galaxy Police cruisers and the
Galaxy Union battleships?

     She leans toward the display.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh my!  They're moving pretty fast, too!

     He gestures toward the symbols on the display.

          MARSHAL:  An astute observation, Detective.  And
the objective?

          MIHOSHI:  (scowling with thought)  To... uh,
rendezvous with the station?

     The marshal types on the console, and the display zooms
in on the Galaxy Union battleship symbols.

          MARSHAL:  Negative, Detective.  The objective is a
frontal assault.  As you can see, the battleships are
outfitted with specific defensive screens.  They are
attempting to cloak this with sensor scramblers.

          MIHOSHI:  Wow!  I mean, I see, Sir.

          MARSHAL:  We know they're there, and they know
we're here, but they don't know that we know.

     The marshal hits a button on the console, and it
switches to the Juraian fleet.

          MARSHAL:  The Juraian fleet has arranged its
flights in the usual two-by-three formation, as you can see,
but they clearly aren't expecting a direct assault.

          MIHOSHI:  Why not?

          MARSHAL:  Their weapons are diplomatic ones.  And
they have little to fear--their allies are the Galaxy Union.

          MIHOSHI:  (confused)  So, why the frontal assault?

     He gestures toward the tactical display.

          MARSHAL:  To rid the fleet of traitors.

     The marshal types for a moment, and the display
resolves into the wide display again.

          MARSHAL:  You see, the Galaxy Union is being
manipulated by traitors within the Juraian council, and they
are aware of the manipulation--they have been for some time.
In fact, the Masaki Manifesto was composed to make this
clear even to the less perceptive of them.

          MIHOSHI:  So...

          MARSHAL:  So, the emperor moves at the very moment
and place that the manifesto says will be his downfall.
Obviously, it is the work of traitors.  The Union decides
that the emperor has maneuvered his opponents into taking
the fleet into an ambush, thinking they can curry favor from
the emperor later for having done so, but...

          MIHOSHI:  But...  Oh, that is the emperor!
Leading the fleet, himself?

     He leans toward the display.

          MARSHAL:  (softly)  Precisely.  He'll risk taking
the fleet himself to avoid collusion between his allies and
his enemies.  Even at the risk of starting a war.

          MIHOSHI:  (a little shocked)  But, why?

          MARSHAL:  (frowning)  I'm not exactly sure.  It
must have something to do with that planet.  Earth.

     She turns toward the marshal.

          MIHOSHI:  So, why don't we stop them?  The Union
fleet, I mean.

          MARSHAL:  (rubbing his chin)  That's what the
Galaxy Police cruisers are attempting to do.  I'm afraid
they aren't being very effective.  It wouldn't be wise to
contact the emperor, either.  He's not likely going to be in
a mood to chat.

          MIHOSHI:  (fretting)  This is terrible!  There
must be something we can do!

     The marshal turns and folds his arms, as if deeply
engrossed in thought.

          MIHOSHI:  You know, they could probably avoid this
whole thing if someone could get them to talk to each other.

          MARSHAL:  Really?

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, sure!  But it would have to be
someone the emperor trusts.  Someone who's been close to the
family for a while.

          MARSHAL:  Hmm...  I think you're right, Detective.
But who do we know that has been close to his family?

     Mihoshi grimaces with thought, scratching her head.

     The marshall's eye twitches, as he frowns with
impatience.

          MIHOSHI:  (suddenly gets an idea)  Oh!  I know!

     He sighs with relief.

24   EXT. ROADSIDE PATH

     Ryo-Ohki runs back toward the house, as Tenchi
continues down the roadside.

          TENCHI:  See you later, Ryo-Ohki!  Now, I can
finally get underway.

     Just then, Yosho appears on the path, coming up from
around a bend.

          YOSHO:  Hello, Tenchi!  I see you're heading into
town, eh?

          TENCHI:  Yeah, Grandpa.

          YOSHO:  Another errand?

          TENCHI:  That's right.

          YOSHO:  (gently surprised)  Well, then.  I'll find
out what your Dad's up to, then, eh?

     Tenchi grimly continues down the path, past Yosho.

          TENCHI:  Right.  See you when I get back!

     Yosho turns around for a moment, then continues on.

          YOSHO:  (VO)  I need to give that boy some advice.
It's really for his own good.  He's just too serious.

25   INT. COMM STATION

     A small terminal lights up in front of Mihoshi, as the
marshal watches, curious.

          COMPUTER:  Super-interspace secure channel
engaged.  Please state your password.

          MIHOSHI:  (nervous)  Oh, geez!  What a time to
forget my password!

          COMPUTER:  Password denied, please restate.

     She turns to the marshal.

          MIHOSHI:  Now, what do I do?

     He glares at Mihoshi for a few moments, then smiles
again.

          MARSHAL:  Mihoshi, you remember how I taught you
to remember things?

     She thinks back for a moment.

          MIHOSHI:  Hmm...  Oh, yeah.  I remember.  You
said, 'Always remember things in terms that are simple.'

          MARSHAL:  (calmly explaining)  Like the shapes of
edges or just the first and last part of something.  Then
use something you know you'll remember to associate with it.

     Mihoshi turns back to the console.

          MIHOSHI:  A mnemonic--like something valuable or
practical or convenient...

          MARSHAL:  Like a saying or a verse...

          MIHOSHI:  That's right!  I remember now.  You
said, 'For example:  There was an old woman who lived in a
shoe.'

          COMPUTER:  Password accepted.  Channel opened.

     Mihoshi turns back to the marshal.

          MIHOSHI:  Geez!  I don't know how I could have
forgotten that!

     He looks a little anxious, glancing at the tactical
display.

          MARSHAL:  Better hurry, Mihoshi.  The fleet isn't
going any slower.

          MIHOSHI:  (turning back to the console)  Got it!

26   INT. RYOKO'S BEDROOM

     Ryoko is looking at herself a little skeptically in a
mirror, shaking her head.

          RYOKO:  That princess is crazy.  I haven't gained
an inch.  No way!

     She flickers, disappears, then returns again--floating
sideways--with a tape measure.  She wraps it around her
waist, then examines the measurement.

          RYOKO:  (sighing)  This is no good.  I've never
measured myself.  Stupid princess.

27   INT. KITCHEN

     Yosho enters, just as Sasami is finishing some fried up
food.

          YOSHO:  Sasami.

          SASAMI:  Hello, Grandpa.

          YOSHO:  Have you seen Tenchi's father?

          SASAMI:  Oh!  I don't know.  I think he's in the
library.

          YOSHO:  Avoiding the mess again, huh?

     Sasami is a little confused, as Yosho checks a chuckle.

          YOSHO:  Excuse me.

     Yosho exits into the library, as Sasami glances around
the counter, then groans.

          SASAMI:  Oh, I don't believe this!  Here's the
cooking sake!

28   INT. LIBRARY

     Yosho enters, adjusts his glasses and sits down across
from Noboyuki--who is sitting on the box, reading some
books.  Noboyuki looks up.

          NOBOYUKI:  Hey there, old man.  Say...  What are
you so happy about?

          YOSHO:  Nothing.

          NOBOYUKI:  (suspicious)  Did Tenchi tell you
something he shouldn't have?

          YOSHO:  (innocently pondering)  Like what, for
instance?

     Noboyuki narrows his eyes, still suspicious.

          NOBOYUKI:  Like what this box is, that I'm sitting
on, or why I have it.

     Yosho looks around at the box, chuckles softly for a
moment, and folds his arms.

          YOSHO:  Tenchi isn't really the type.  You don't
think he's changed, have you?

     Noboyuki stands up and starts to put the book away.

          NOBOYUKI:  Tenchi?  No.  Now, a certain
father-in-law might suddenly be a mystery to me, but
Tenchi...  I have no doubts about him.

          YOSHO:  You aren't afraid that he'll grow up
lonely and depressed?

          NOBOYUKI:  Why should I?  I know he has trouble
relating to people sometimes, but...

          YOSHO:  You're right.  I used to worry about the
same thing, myself.

          NOBOYUKI:  Tenchi knows how to have fun.  He just
takes his fun very seriously.

     Noboyuki chuckles to himself, as Yosho stands and
gestures at the box.

          YOSHO:  So, what's the occasion?  It isn't
someone's birthday again, is it?

          NOBOYUKI:  (surprised)  You mean, it isn't your
birthday?

          YOSHO:  (blankly confused)  Huh?

          NOBOYUKI:  (grimacing)  Oh, come on!  I was sure
today was your birthday!

          YOSHO:  Not that I recall.

     Noboyuki turns and confronts Yosho.

          NOBOYUKI:  So, for all these years I've been wrong
about that, too?  How many times have I heard Tenchi tell
me, 'Don't forget!  Today is Grandpa's birthday!'  And, now,
you say you can't recall?

          YOSHO:  Well...  Oh, wait a moment!  I remember!
(chuckling)  When I took my latest identity--  I changed my
birthday to today.  I completely forgot.  Oh, well.  The
memory fades when you get old, you know.

          NOBOYUKI:  (suddenly suspicious again)  Yeah, so
they say...

29   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami is holding the cooking sake, shaking her head in
puzzled amusement.

          SASAMI:  How did this get over there?  I could
have sworn it wasn't there a minute ago.

     Ayeka enters and glances around curiously.

          AYEKA:  Sasami, have you seen our brother?

          SASAMI:  Oh, hey, Ayeka.  Uh, he just went into
the library a moment ago.

          AYEKA:  Thank you very much, Sasami.  I was told
that he wished to see me.

          SASAMI:  He did?  Strange.  He didn't say anything
to me.

     Ayeka turns and immediately exits into the library.

          SASAMI:  Nobody ever tells me anything.

30   INT. LIBRARY

     Ayeka enters, and sees Yosho and Noboyuki standing
together, talking.

          AYEKA:  Hello?

          YOSHO:  Ayeka?  Ah, nice to see you.

          NOBOYUKI:  Hey there, Ayeka.

     Ayeka gestures toward the kitchen.

          AYEKA:  My brother, I hate to intrude, but Sasami
told me I might find you in here.

          YOSHO:  (restraining a smirk)  She did?

          NOBOYUKI:  (eagerly smiling)  It's okay, Ayeka.  I
was just leaving, anyway.

          AYEKA:  (politely blank)  Are you sure?  I don't
mean to be rude.

     Yosho pats Noboyuki on the back, then turns and sits on
the box, gesturing toward Ayeka.

          YOSHO:  It's okay, Ayeka.  Come here and sit down.
I wanted to have a talk with you, anyway.

     Noboyuki exits, still smiling as he leaves.

          NOBOYUKI:  I'll see you at supper.

     Ayeka nervously goes to sit across from Yosho, stiffly
sitting and keeping her face composed.

          YOSHO:  Son-in-law tells me he saw you sweeping
out front.  That was very nice of you.  I appreciate it.

          AYEKA:  I enjoy simple chores--the ones you have
me doing with Mihoshi are far more exhausting.

     Yosho chuckles and nervously adjusts his glasses.

          YOSHO:  Mihoshi is a hard teacher, huh?

          AYEKA:  (annoyed)  When the student frequently has
to correct the teacher, the lessons become difficult,
indeed.

          YOSHO:  (laughing)  I'm sorry, Ayeka.  I can't
help but be amused--you did bring this on yourself, though.

          AYEKA:  (a little remorseful)  It seems so.  I
have a knack for "bringing" things on myself, it seems.  And
you never had a difficult teacher, I suppose?

     Yosho smiles wryly for a moment, then looks a little
nervous.

          YOSHO:  I would not want Mihoshi for a mentor,
either.

     Ayeka folds her arms, frowning.

          AYEKA:  All right, my brother.  Out with it.  I
think we've had enough small talk.

          YOSHO:  You're right, Ayeka.  I just wasn't sure
how you would react.  I'm just a little concerned--that's
all.  Don't blow it out of proportion.

          AYEKA:  Concerned?  What about?

          YOSHO:  About Tenchi, of course.  The boy
obviously has a lot on his mind, and when Father returns, it
won't get any easier for him.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  Oh, dear!

          YOSHO:  (looking down)  He's been keeping our
promise to Father, but there might be trouble.  I don't want
him to worry too much or do something drastic.

          AYEKA:  (alerted)  He knows?

          YOSHO:  (looking up)  He had suspected that Father
is returning.  I don't know how much he knows, but he has
developed ties that I know nothing about.  Ayeka...

     Ayeka is suddenly very nervous.

          YOSHO:  (leaning forward)  I need you to keep an
eye on him.  Make sure he doesn't do anything that might
upset Father.  It's very important.

     Ayeka ponders for a moment, then looks away.

          AYEKA:  I'll try, my brother.  But I can promise
nothing.

     Yosho stands and nods to himself.

          YOSHO:  That's all I can ask.

          AYEKA:  (VO)  How strange!  What could possibly be
going on?

31   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ryo-Ohki is back in cabbit form, eating a carrot, as
Ryoko appears.

          RYOKO:  Ryo-Ohki...  Tell me, honestly.  Do you
think I'm gaining weight?

          RYO-OHKI:  Miya?

32   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Afternoon approaches evening.

33   INT. ENTRANCE

     Tenchi enters with a small package under his arm.

          TENCHI:  Boy!  What a nuisance.

     Ayeka enters from the main hall, as Ryoko appears at
the stairs above him.

          AYEKA:  Oh, Lord Tenchi.  I see you're back.

          RYOKO:  Did you get my sake, Tenchi?

     Tenchi takes the package and fishes out a bottle,
handing it to Ryoko.

     Ryoko takes the bottle, gratefully.

          RYOKO:  Oh, boy!  Thank you, Tenchi.

          AYEKA:  (smirking)  A simple gift for a simple
person.

          RYOKO:  (snarling at Ayeka)  Shut up, you!
There's really nothing simple about good sake.  (looking at
the bottle)  This is good, right?

     Tenchi looks doubtfully in the bag, taking out the
other bottle of sake.

          RYOKO:  Hey!  This isn't good sake!  This is
cooking sake!  What is this, Tenchi, a joke?

     Ayeka cackles evilly, and Tenchi exchanges the other
bottle with Ryoko.

          TENCHI:  Sorry.  My mistake.

          AYEKA:  No, no, Ryoko.  Try drinking the other for
a while.  It might do wonders for your waistline!

     Tenchi sighs and wanders off toward the kitchen, as
Ryoko descends and grabs Ayeka by the front.

          RYOKO:  Listen, Princess!  I have just two words
for you...

34   INT. KITCHEN

     Tenchi enters, frowning and cringing.

          RYOKO:  (OC)  Shut up!

     Tenchi spots Sasami and gives her the sake.

          TENCHI:  There you go, Sasami.  I hope it's the
right kind.

          SASAMI:  It's okay, Tenchi.  It's just like the
others.

     She gestures toward three other bottles of cooking sake
on the counter--all just like the one Sasami is holding.

          TENCHI:  Oh, man!  I really need to get off this
planet.

     Tenchi is about to enter the main hall, when Yosho
appears at the library door and gestures to him.  Tenchi
curiously walks over to him.

          YOSHO:  (softly)  Did you get it?

          TENCHI:  (whispering)  I don't know, Grandpa.  I
got a really bad feeling about this.

          YOSHO:  (rolling his eyes)  You always say that,
Tenchi.  Lighten up, already.

          TENCHI:  (sighing, grimly resolved)  She's going
to kill us, you know.  Especially you.

          YOSHO:  (smiling, encouragingly)  Nonsense.  Ayeka
has a marvelous sense of humor.  She'll be laughing about it
in two minutes--tops.

          TENCHI:  (glaring back)  Somehow, I doubt that.

     Yosho puts a hand on Tenchi's shoulder, somewhat
serious.

          YOSHO:  Just consider it a birthday present,
Tenchi.  You never get me anything decent, anyway.

          TENCHI:  (looking down, abashedly)  Okay, Grandpa.
You win.

35   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka is just finishing some food, as Ryoko lies on a
support beam and the others are sitting around the table,
talking.  Yosho looks at Tenchi.

     He clears his throat, gesturing with his eyes.

     Tenchi nervously rolls his eyes, turns to Ayeka,
nervously chuckling, then looks serious.

          TENCHI:  Grandpa loves a good birthday party, huh?

          AYEKA:  Yes, he does.

          TENCHI:  Nothing like what you would see in a
palace, but...

          AYEKA:  (chuckling)  Actually, Lord Tenchi.  You'd
be surprised how similar this is--but, yes.  There are quite
a few differences.

          TENCHI:  (working up some courage)  Uh...  You
know, Grandpa and I were talking earlier today...

          AYEKA:  (restraining an look of alert shock)  Yes?

          TENCHI:  (sweating)  Well, we just started talking
about you, and we couldn't stop.  Next thing I knew, I
realized that there was something really important I wanted
to tell you.

     Ryoko appears behind Tenchi, glancing around.

          RYOKO:  Say what?

     Tenchi glances back at Ryoko, as Ryoko looks at Yosho
inquiringly.  Yosho nods and winks back at her.

          AYEKA:  Oh, my!  Lord Tenchi, is there something
on your mind?  I hope it isn't something dreadful.

     Ayeka glances at Yosho, who suddenly has a blank look
of innocent confusion on his face.

          TENCHI:  Uh...  I don't want to sound petty or
cliche, but I've always thought very highly of you, Ayeka,
and I'd really hate to see you leave.

          AYEKA:  (suddenly very nervous)  Leave?  Whatever
for?

          TENCHI:  (scratching his head)  Well...  Yosho
happened to mention that your Father was going to be
returning soon--

          AYEKA:  (glancing around again)  He did?

          TENCHI:  (strangely resolved)  --and I just wanted
you to know that I love you.  And I want you to marry me.

     Sasami face-faults with shock.  Ryo-Ohki looks at her
with concern.

          RYO-OHKI:  Miya?

          RYOKO:  Oh, come on!

          AYEKA:  (smiling)  Marry me?  You cannot be
serious.

          RYOKO:  Took the words out of my mouth again.

     Tenchi takes out a small box and holds it out to her.

          TENCHI:  Actually, I am serious.  Look.  I got
this just for you.

     Ryoko's eyes dart back and forth, and Yosho gesturing
at Ryoko.

     Ayeka opens the box and gasps.

          AYEKA:  I knew it.  It had to be a joke.  And no
one but my brother could possibly be this cruel.

     The box reveals a tiny carrot with a happy face carved
into it--a tongue sticking out.

     Ryoko falls over Tenchi, laughing, as Ayeka gets up and
stiffly leaves.

          RYOKO:  Oh, boy!  That was the best, yet!

36   INT. KITCHEN

     Tenchi is helping wash dishes, as Sasami pouts a
little.

          SASAMI:  That was awfully cruel, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  Yeah, but it was pretty funny.

          SASAMI:  (smiling)  A little bit.

     Ryoko appears and gestures with her sake bottle.

          RYOKO:  A little?  That was spectacular!  Wasn't
it, Tenchi?

          TENCHI:  Yeah...  (looking at Ryoko)  You know,
Ryoko--Ayeka's right.

          RYOKO:  Huh?  About what?

          TENCHI:  You are gaining a little weight.  Funny,
but I didn't notice it till just now.

          RYOKO:  (annoyed)  What?

          TENCHI:  (grinning)  Just kidding!  Geez!

THE END

