I don't own Tenchi. Pioneer does.
Last Time, The gang defeated Kagato, but Tenchi was lost in an energy nexus. Will  
Ryoko find Tenchi?


Tenchi Muyo
Dreams Within Dreams
Episode 04
The Search for Tenchi
By Nexodus


Hope springs eternal in the human breast: Man never is but always to be blest
					-Alexander Pope "An Essay on a Man"


	Tenchi fell through the void at an incredible pace. He had no Idea of were he was  
or were he was going, but he knew it was bad. Tenchi had been falling through the void  
for what felt like years but was just a few hours. He was tired, hungry, thirsty, and  
depressed. His battle fatigues and his Light Hawk Wings had lost their power when he  
entered the void. One thing was running through his mind. Was everybody ok, and what  
happened to Kagato? He knew that these questions would be answered, and soon, but  
right now, Tenchi just wanted to be home and hold Ryoko in his arms forever. Tenchi  
looked at the direction he was going. He actually saw a light. A small light. That meant  
that he was at the end of the tunnel. About time, Tenchi thought. He held up his arms to  
brace for impact. The light got bigger and bigger, but it still felt like an eternity. And  
then, out of no were Tenchi stopped. He had hit the ground. All Right, Tenchi thought,  
First things first, I'm going to get some water. But where am I. Tenchi looked around. He  
was in a desert, but it had red sand. There was no life as far as the eye can see. Strange  
Rock Formations decorated the scenery as the heat of Two Suns burned the Red Planet.   
Tenchi couldn't believe that a planet like this could actually be real. It was as if it were a  
living Hell, minus Demons. Tenchi began to trek across the vast Desert. He marveled at  
the vastness of this place.  

	Ryoko sat in the Medical bay of the Yagami. It had been a day and she couldn't  
do anything. Depression had replased he normal, care free aditude. She curled up in a ball  
in the corner of the room. She couldn't do anything. She couldn't eat, couldn't sleep,  
couldn't stop crying. She sat still, watching the stars go by. The Yagami was heading  
twords Earth with its crew intact minus one. Washu walked into the medical bay, after  
cheacking everybody's condition and walked to Ryoko. Washu had never seen Ryoko  
like this in her life. Ryoko embraced he mother as Washu wispered words of  
encouragement into her ears. "Mom, I cant believe he's gone." Ryoko said. Washu took a  
Hankerchhif from her pocket and wipped away Ryoko's tears.  
	"Its ok Ryoko." Washu said. "It'll be all right."
	"I just sat there and watched him leave me" Ryoko said. Tears continued to  
stream down her face. "I didn't do anything to help him." Washu continued to comfort  
her daughter.
"You did every thing you could do to help him at the time." She said. "You need  
some rest." Washu got up and began to walk away. "I'm going to go help Tsunami. She  
asked me to take a look at her vital signs, since she is now seperated from Sasami." And  
with that, Washu left the room, and Ryoko was alone again.

It wasn't long before Tenchi collapsed from Exhaustion. It was hard to move  
under the desert suns. Sweat rolling of his body in massive gallons. If this keeps going,  
Tenchi thought, then I'm a goner. Tenchi lay there, helpless and alone. He missed Ryoko  
and the others. He just wished he could get home. Then Tenchi thought about Ryoko  
some more. It was as if the Thought of Being with Ryoko again could feed energy into  
Tenchi. He started to get up, but couldn't get the proper footing beneath him, so he fell.  
Tenchi had never been this exhausted before in his life. He began to slowly fall asleep.  
Tenchi tried to fight the urge, but it was greater then anything he had ever fought. Before  
he drifted away, Tenchi cold swear he heard voices in the distance.  The last thing he saw  
before passing out was the image of several people standing above him.

Ayeka sat alone in her room. She couldn't stop crying. Tenchi was like a brother  
to her, almost more, but she could never admit it. she heard a nock at her door. "Can I  
come in." It was Martel. Ayeka almost told him that she needed time to her self, but he  
opened the door. Ayeka stared at Martels appearence, gruff from battle, yet soft. She  
looked deep into his eyes, a beautiful gold. She had never seen eyes like them.  
"You can come in." Ayeka said. Martel closed the door behind him and sat next  
to the crying Princess.  
"I thought you could use a shoulder to cry on." Martel said. Ayeka smiled as she  
wipped her tears away. Martel was so sweat, she thought. She leaned on his shoulder and  
began to sob again.  
"I cant believe he's gone." Ayeka said. Martel put an arm around the Princess,  
which caused her to blush.  
"I just met Tenchi." Martel began. "When I first saw him, I thought he was a  
punk. A wannabe fighter. But then I trained with him before the fight with Kagato, and I  
discovered that he wasn't a punk, but a great fighter. I bet my career as a Hunter that  
we'll see him again." Ayeka smiled as her tears began to stop. "I want to spare with him  
more." Martel continued.
"But. What if he isnt coming back." Ayeka said. Martel looked at the blushing  
Princess.
"Then, we honor his memory." He said. Ayeka sighed. She hadent been  
comforted like this since that rainy day she spent with Tenchi. Martel was really sweat.  
She decided she wanted to spend more time with Martel right then and there. She rested  
her head firmly on Martel's sholdur and cried some more.

It was white. All around Tenchi was nothing but a white Scenery. Tenchi knew  
what this was. His mother was going to pay a visit. Tenchi looked around for her,  
expecting her to appear right in front of her. But she wasn't there. He couldn't see her  
anywhere.  Then, all of a sudden, a bright flash of light appeared out of nowhere, and  
Tenchi was no longer at the White area anymore. He was at the Shrine. "Tenchi." A  
voice came from the background. Tenchi turned around to see his mother standing behind  
him. She looked just like she had in the last dream. She even had a smile on her face.  
"Mother." Tenchi began. "Why am I here, and what happened on Jurai, and where  
am I." Tenchi looked at his mother with a frightened face. Atchika took a deep breath and  
Sighed.
"I will begin with the last question." She began. "Tenchi, you are on a planet  
several thousand Light-years from Jurai. The planet has no name because it hasn't even  
been discovered by any Pioneers. The planet you are on can be described as a miniature  
Hell."  
"You can say that again." Tenchi said. Atchika smiled.
"On this planet, you will encounter many Demons." She continued. "The journey  
home will be very hard. You must depend on your friends. They can find you." Tenchi  
looked at Atchika with worry.
"What happened on Jurai?" Tenchi asked. Atchika looked at Tenchi with a sad  
face. She took a deep breath and answered.
"I can not tell you."
"Why not?" Tenchi asked.
"The Council does not want me to tell you." Atchika began. "You'll find out for  
your self." Tenchi was dumbfounded. He couldn't believe his mother wouldn't tell him  
what happened.  
"Why?" Tenchi asked with some rage in his voice. "Why can't you tell me? And  
what is this council you speak of. And for that matter, what does it have to do with me?"  
Tenchi looked at his mother. Atchika hid her face from Tenchi's so he couldn't see her  
sadness. She could not answer. Not yet. She wanted to tell him everything but the council  
forbids it. Saying that it would probably alter the future in a very bad way. Atchika  
finally looked at her son. Tears streamed down her eyes. Tenchi knew something was  
very wrong.  
"I'm afraid I have to go now." She said. Atchika began to run away from Tenchi.  
He tried to chase after her but couldn't move. He tried to move but it was as if his feet  
where attached to the ground. The scenery began to melt. Tenchi was waking up.

Tenchi awoke to the sounds of Talking. He couldn't make out what was being  
said. It sounded like Gibberish to him. Tenchi finally opened his eyes. "He's awake."  
Somebody said. As Tenchi's eyes began to focus, he began to see humanoid people with  
blue skin and pointy ears. The looked similar to characters from a Nintendo Game Tenchi  
played once, but these people wore Desert Clothing. Some wore large cloth Cloaks over  
their suits.  
"Who is he? Why is he here?" Came a voice. Tenchi could tell it belonged to an  
Authority Figure, due to the Sternness of the Voice.  
"He was in the Desert for Days, give him some water and he might be able to  
speak." That voice sounded like that of a child no more then 12. It reminded Tenchi of  
his voice when he was that age. He tried to site up, but was restrained by metal bonds. He  
couldn't move.  
"Why should we give an outsider our water?" It was the Authority voice again.   
"He could be an agent of Dorant. He cant be Trusted." Tenchi's vision finished focusing.  
He was in a cave like room with small lamps and some electronic equipment. It looked  
pretty banged up. He looked at the voice of Authority. The man had a large chin with a  
bright white beard. A scar and an Eye patch replaced his left eye. He had many earrings  
and had long White hair with a black streak down the middle. Tenchi then looked at the  
boy. He was right, no more then 12. But the kid looked like the only Doctor the Blue  
people have.  
"But Captain Page." The boy began. "He could be a real help in the war." Finally  
Tenchi had a name to go with the one of the voices. Page. Captain Page. Tenchi took  
several long deep breaths.
"Please." Tenchi rasped. "I come in peace." The boy and Page looked at Tenchi.  
Page gave a nod to somebody and then Tenchi saw another man. This one had short  
blond hair and a scar over his left cheek. The man came over to Tenchi and Drew a  
Knife.
"No!!" The boy yelled. "I refuse to have my Patients butchered. He said he came  
in peace, give him a chance to explain everything. All he needs is some water."  
"Very well." Page said. "But if anything happens to the tribe because of him, I'll  
hold you personally responsible, got it." The boy nodded. Page looked at the man with  
the knife. "Jerec, give him some water." Jerec put his knife away and pulled out his  
canteen. Tenchi was very grateful. He thanked the man and proceeded to gulp down the  
liquid in large doses. Jerec then took his canteen and walked out of the room. Page began  
to walk out of the room. "I want you to question him and give me a full report later, got  
it."  
"Yes sir." The boy said. Page was out the door. The boy looked at Tenchi and  
pulled a wet washcloth out of a bucket. "Sorry about the Captain. He's been edgy since  
Durant knocked out our surveillance system." Tenchi looked at the boy as he put the  
washcloth on Tenchi's forehead.  
"So, what's your name?" Tenchi asked. The boy smiled.
"My name is Dr. Tenzen Futu, but people call me Ten.  I'm the only Dr. these  
people got." Tenchi looked surprised. A young boy is the only dr. that a small tribe in the  
middle of nowhere has. That's sad. "What's you name?" the boy asked.
"Tenchi." He began. "Tenchi Masaki."  
"Well, now that we finished with the formalities," Ten Began. "What in the Blue  
Hell were you doing in the middle of the Strife Desert?" Tenchi lay his head down on the  
table.
"Well." Tenchi began. "It's a long Story." And with that, Tenchi told the amazing  
story of his life. When he met Ryoko and the other girls. The day Kagato showed up. The  
light Hawk Wings. Dr. Clay. The arrival of Jurai at his front step. The Bounty Hunter  
Nagi. Uzuha, the Demon and Tenchi's Daughter. The Fight through Time against Kain.  
The return of Kagato. D and Martel, and the fight for the Key. Ten loved these stories. He  
may be a doctor, but he is still a kid and loves action and adventure.  "And that's how I  
got here."  
"Wow." Ten said. "All that happened during a one year period?" Tenchi nodded.   
"Well, I guess your story checks out."
"I have to ask." Tenchi said. "Why are your people acting like it's a warzone out  
there?"
"Because it is." Tenchi looked at Ten in a questioning face. "Our people, the  
Shinata's, didn't come from this planet. Our people used to venture as explorers in deep  
space. But 200 years ago, out ship was hit by a meteor. We crash-landed on this planet  
which we call doomgaze. Of you look at the planet, its like a nightmare come true. We  
built a Camp and made a Small civilization. But hunger and Thrust became catalysts to a  
war. Durant, one of the Chief Science officers of the ship, became greedy and left with a  
large number of our people. They built a stronghold to the north where they found water.  
They wouldn't share with us. Page was very angry. He sent smugglers into the fortress,  
which is called Ravens Claw, to smuggle water for us. Durant found out and considered it  
an act of war. We've been fighting a losing battle for decades."
"So this Durant is the cause of all this." Tenchi said. "It's just like lord of the  
flies."
"Lord of the what?" Ten asked.
"Nothing. Sounds tuff." Tenchi said.
"It is tuff. We've been fighting for So long, and now There's been word that  
Durant has been building an army of demonic creatures to raid our camp for a final  
showdown. We're desperate." Tenchi looked at Ten. Tears began to flow from the young  
boy's eyes. Tenchi couldn't help but feel the boy's pain. To be born in the middle of a  
Civil War and have an entire Army depends on you truly is a tuff life. Ten wiped his eyes  
and looked at Tenchi. "Tenchi. Could you help us in some way? Please?" Tenchi grew a  
small grin on his face.
"I'll see what I can do, but I'm also going to find a way off this planet. I need to  
get home." Tenchi closed his eyes. The vision of Ryoko drifted in his head.  Her golden,  
catlike eyes. Her silver hair flowing in an invisible breeze. The image of beauty, if he  
ever saw one. Tenchi wanted off the planet. He'd been away from Ryoko for too long.  
Ten looked at Tenchi with a questioning glance. The young doctor wandered what was  
going through his patient's mind at the moment. The young doctor stood up and brushed  
himself off.
"I'm going to talk to the Master." Ten said. "You need to get your rest." And with  
that, Ten left the room. Tenchi lay down and began to contemplate the situation. What am  
I going to do, Tenchi thought. I need to get of this rock. Tenchi's eyes closed and he  
drifted into a deep sleep.

Tenchi wasn't in the white room anymore. He was walking on Water. It looked  
like an ocean to him. But the color of the water was a dark reddish color. He bent down  
to take a look at the substance. He decided not to touch it. As he stared at the liquid, he  
saw something. It was grayish. Tenchi ran over to the object and froze. It was a skull,  
floating in an ocean of blood. Tenchi began to sweat. This wasn't right. How could he  
walk on the ocean? He looked around and began to see more bones begin to surface. It  
wasn't long before the ocean of blood had become and ocean of death. Tenchi looked  
around a found a small hill. He raced for the new land area with all his might. Tenchi  
jumped on the hill and made it to the top, only to find a site that horrified him. His  
beloved Ryoko lay on the Hill, blood trickling from a large open wound in her chest.  
Tenchi knelled down and began to cry. How could this happen, Tenchi thought? He  
picked her up and began to call Ryoko's name. But he couldn't speak. He was mute for  
some reason. Tenchi heard a laugh from the back ground and turned around. There,  
walking on the ocean of bone and blood, stood Kagato. Tenchi couldn't believe it. How  
had this happened? Kagato began to change into a shapeless man. He looked like a  
shadow. The shadow lifted his hand and fired an energy blast. The blast impaled Tenchi's  
heart and he fell on top of his beloved. Tenchi watched, mortified when the shadow took  
a new shape. It was his mother. And with that Tenchi closed his eyes and began to call  
out Ryoko's name. Ryoko. Ryoko. Ryoko.

"RRRYYYOOOKKKOOO!!!" Tenchi yelled as he was brought back to  
consciousness. He sat up and noticed his entire body was covered in sweat. It was a  
nightmare, Tenchi thought. But he couldn't help but wonder what it meant. Was it an  
omen of the future?  Tenchi didn't know. He sat up and walked out of the room. He  
hadn't had a chance to see the camp that he was located in. Tenchi only knew of his  
room. As he walked out his room, he stood in awe at the site. It was a giant underground  
cavern. Not just Giant, it was bigger then the Soja. All around him, people in uniforms  
and cloth robes were busy working about in their daily lives. Some where hauling  
weapons and preparing for war, others sold food and other items. It was a fully functional  
working society. As Tenchi continued to walk, He couldn't help but wonder what was  
really going on outside the stone walls. He could faintly hear a few explosions. Tenchi  
soon found himself in the Town Square. The square was actually the main command  
post. He saw Page shouting orders into a headset. There really was a battle going on. The  
video screens showed much solder fighting each other with extreme prejudice. This  
wasn't right, Tenchi thought. Why does any species fight one another like this. Tenchi  
longed for his peaceful life on planet Earth. Page noticed that Tenchi was awake and gave  
him an icy stare. Page sat up from his control chair and walked over to Tenchi. "So, the  
mighty Juraian Prince awakens." Tenchi wondered how Page would know that he is a  
prince, but he then remembered that he told Ten Everything. "So. What till it be?" Page  
asked. Tenchi looked at him with a questionable face. "What are you going to do, help us  
or flee." Tenchi stood calmly.
"I don't plan on running." Tenchi began. "I also don't plan on helping you."  
Tenchi stared at Page as he gave him a look of distrust. "I'm going to lead you."
"What did you just say?" Page asked. "Nobody leads us but me." Page balled his  
hands into fists. He was pissed.  
"You've been in charge for 200 years and have been losing." Tenchi said. "If I  
command, I'll bring with me Juraian know-how. We can scare Durant with my power."  
Tenchi didn't like what he was saying, but from what Tenchi heard about this Durant guy  
was sick. Durant is just as bad as Kagato. Tenchi knew that for a fact. Even though it had  
been 2 weeks since he last saw Kagato, he still remembered that maniacal laugh. That  
evil grin. That sadistic look on his face when he separated Sasami and Tsunami. The  
same look he gave him when he was thrown into the Nexus. "Durant has no right to do  
what he does. To deny people water is immoral. I will stop him, and then I will go  
home." Tenchi looked at Page. Page couldn't believe that this small boy had the balls to  
say these things. He had to admit Tenchi had Guts. "I want to meet Durant. I want to  
show him that Life is not his to play with." Page grinned.
"Very well. We will set up a meeting with Durant under a white flag." Tenchi  
agreed. Ten was there and saw the whole thing. He couldn't believe that Tenchi could  
actually get Page to listen to him. "Jerec." Page ordered. "I want you to send a message to  
Durant for a white flag meeting." Jerec nodded and began to talk into the resciver. IT  
wasn't long before Jerec got an answer from his call.  
"Durants chief of staff has agreed." Jerec said. "Durant will bring with him 2  
other accomplices, you are to do the same. The meeting will be at Shadow peek in three  
days." Page looked at Jerec and nodded.
"Good. Ten, get Tenchi a weapon." Ten nodded and took tenchi to the armory.  
Tenchi saw many weapons he had never seen befor. There where mountains of guns and  
ammo, but Tenchi hated guns. He preferred something a little traditional. In the corner of  
his eye, Tenchi saw what he was looking for. A sword about as big as the light hawk  
sword. The blade was made from a bright red metal, wich came from the desert planet.  
The metal could slice through anything. Very powerful. It would do unless Tenchi  
activated his Light Hawk Wings. The blade was perfect for battle. Tenchi was ready. All  
he needed to do was wait for 3 days. He was one step closer to getting home.

Three days past very fast. Tenchi spent the days training for the battle at hand. He  
adapted to the society very fast, but for some reason, the people looked at Tenchi with  
fear in their eyes. They were afraid of the Juraian prince. He didn't know why. Maybe it  
was how he stood up against Page. It didn't matter. Tenchi just wanted to end the war.  
Tenchi, Jerec, and Page made their way up Shadow peek. Tenchi was in his Juraian battle  
suit, with a large cloak over it. A hood was up to hide his face from view and he carried  
his new blade under the cloak. They made their way up to the top with out a problem, and  
there waiting for them was Durant. Durant looked like page, except he was cleashaven  
and had long black hair. He also had a scar over a missing eye, but didn't hide it with a  
patch. Duran also had a large battle Scythe strung over his back. The blade was made  
from the same metal that Tenchi's sword was mad of. Durant had two others with him.  
One was very small, about 2 feet tall, and the other was about 8 feet tall. They both  
looked nothing like the Shinatas. They had horns growing out of their foreheads and had  
razor sharp teeth. They looked about as vicious as Canadian Wolverines. Tenchi recalled  
what Ten said a week ago. An army of Demons. This was the evidence. They looked  
exactly like demons.  The six warriors stood in silence as they stared at each other.  
Tenchi hid his face from view. Page and Durant where staring at each other, as if to make  
the others head melt. Durant finally broke the silence. "Well." He began. "What do you  
want. I was enjoying kicking your ass so I figure you plan on giving up." Durant smiled a  
very sinister smile.
"I have no intention of surrendering to you." Page said. "You slaughter my  
people. Deny them water. Destroy our land. And murder our children." Tenchi couldn't  
believe he just heard the last fraise. He wasn't told of any deaths to children. Durant  
continued to smile.
"Your still angry about that." Durant said. "It happened 30 years ago."  
"You killed my son you son of a Bitch!!"  Page yelled. Tenchi couldn't believe  
what he just heard again. Durant really is a bastard. Durant continued to smile. Tenchi  
knew what he was trying to do; he wanted to get under Page's Skin.  
"You know Page, If I could go back to that day, so long ago," Durant began. "I  
would've done it slower." Page went berserk. He lunged at Durant. Tenchi and Jerec tried  
to catch him but they were to late. The little guy jumped infront of Page and kicked him  
in the gut, causing him to fly backwards. Jerec caught him in mid air. "I forgot to  
introduce my friends to you." Durant began "The smaller guy is Puck. And the larger is  
Nash. They are my new generals." Page looked at the two demons. Durant continued. "In  
my possession, I have a whole army of these solders. My Demon Army, and I attack in  
one week." Pages eyes widened. "You won't know what'll hit you. You might as well  
give up now." Page began to smile back at Durant. Durant didn't like this. "What's with  
the smile."
"I don't have the authority to give up." Page said. This disturbed Durant. "I'm not  
in control any more. I've grown too old for this." Page motioned for Tenchi to step  
forward. I would like you to meet General Tenchi Masaki of the Juraian Empire."  
Durant's eyes widened. How did the Jurai find us, he thought. Tenchi pulled back his  
hood and looked at Durant. It was true, Durant thought. Sweat began to slide off of  
Durants forehead. Page noticed this and chuckled.  
"My Name is Tenchi Masaki. I am the crown Prince of Jurai." Durant couldn't  
believe this. Crown Princes are the most trained and most powerful warriors in the entire  
universe. This unnerved Durant too much.
"Fine then," He said. "1 week. And we'll have the ultimate show down. Your  
Jurai versus my Demons. We'll see who will control the Water." And with that, Durant  
and his General turned away.  Tenchi had a smile on his face. Page loved what had just  
happened. They decided to head back to the base and prepare.  

Tenchi began to dought his powers. Those demons were very strong, Tenchi knew  
this. Tenchi was just one Warrior. Even with the Light Hawk Wings, he was worried.  
Tenchi was training on his room with a sword made out of Plastic. He didn't have a  
bokken so he had to use something artificial. Ten watched him. There were no wounded  
or sick. Everybody was preparing for the upcoming battle, so Ten was free. He marveled  
at the skills Tenchi used. It was the best he had seen. Maybe we could win, Ten thought.  
Tenchi sat down after a 2-hour practice. "Those were moves I learned from my Grandpa  
on Earth." Tenchi said. Ten was curious. During Tenchi's story earlier, he hadn't  
mentioned what Earth was like. Ten Decided to speak up.
"Tell me about Earth, Tenchi." Tenchi raised an eyebrow, and then he took a deep  
breath.  
"Well," Tenchi Began.  "Earth is a magnificent planet. It is the complete opposite  
of this planet. Earth is covered with Trees and Oceans."
"What are Oceans?"  
"Oceans are large bodies of water that cover the planet."
"Really." Ten asked.
"Yeah, and the sky is blue with large white objects made of air called clouds."  
When you look at the Clouds, you can sometimes tell different shapes. No two clouds are  
ever the same." Ten had a look of amazement on his small eyes.
"A planet covered in green and Blue. Wow." Ten looked down. "I wish I could  
see it." Tenchi grinned at Ten.
"I tell you what. When the war is over, I'm going to find a way to get home. If  
you help me, then you can come along." Ten was very excited. He had lived on the dead  
planet all his life. When he leaves the desert world, he wouldn't have to care for the so  
many people anymore. He would finally have a normal life. Suddenly Ten was brought  
back to reality from a beeping noise. Ten checked his caller on his belt.
"Damnit. I gotta go." Ten said. "I catch you later ok."
	"Ok." Tenchi said. Ten ran out of the room fast. Tenchi was tired. He has about 3  
days left until the fight so decided to rest up. Tenchi got into bed and began to think. God  
I hope Ryoko and the others are ok, Tenchi thought as he drifted of into the land of  
slumber.   

Durant sat in his throne room located at the Stadium. He had built a large Stadium  
to amuse himself during hard times. He watched on as Nash, his larger General fought  
one of the Prisoners in mortal combat. These events usually cheered him up, but he  
wasn't working today. He was nervous. How, Durant thought. How did the Jurai get  
here? There is no possible way for even one of them to find us. Puck was sitting by his  
side, watching the fight take place. Durant watched the Sadistic look on Pucks face.  The  
way Puck watched the fight reassured him. There was only one Jurai compared to the 500  
demons of his own. Durant looked on as Nash impaled the prisoners in the arena with a  
long Pick. Durant had a smile. "This war will be over soon," He said. "And then, I will  
control the water and the world."  

It was another Dream, Tenchi thought as he walked on the grassy surface. It was  
like he was on one of the great grassy fields on Jurai. He didn't know why he was having  
these dreams. Usually his mother shows up and talks to him, but the last couple of dreams  
have involved death and blood. This one was almost peaceful. As Tenchi walked through  
the grassy field, he spotted some one sitting under a tree. She wore a white dress and had  
silver hair. It was Ryoko. Tenchi ran to her as fast as he could. Tenchi found it weird  
though. She just sat there and watched the grass move through the power of the wind.  
Tenchi sat next to Ryoko. She finally noticed him and smiled.  "Its beautiful, isn't it  
Tenchi." She said.
Tenchi looked at the grassy waves and blue sky. "It is, isn't it." Tenchi held  
Ryoko's hand. "But it is no where near as Beautiful as you." This caused Ryoko to cry a  
little. "What's wrong." Ryoko looked at Tenchi for a while.
	"This is just a dream. As soon as we wake up, it'll be over and I wont have you  
anymore." Tenchi nodded.  
"Your right, that's why we need to forget about everything else but us." Tenchi  
leaned over and kissed her. They stayed like that for a long time. Just kissing. But the  
time came when they had to break it up. They stared into each other's eyes and embraced.  
Tears streaming down their cheeks. Why cant this just last forever. God I miss her. They  
continued to kiss but the time came when the dream would end. "I'll continue to wait for  
you, my love." Ryoko's face grew brighter.  
"And I won't rest until I have you in my arms again." She said. They kissed again  
as the dream disappeared.

Tenchi woke up with a smile on his face. That was the greatest dream I've ever  
had in my life, he thought. Tears began to slowly slide down his face. "God I miss you  
Ryoko." He said. He looked at the Tsunami Ring on his hand. The ring witch allowed  
him to change into battle mode. It was the same color as Ryoko's hair. He began to twist  
it on his finger. He also looked at the ring on his other hand. The one with a small  
diamond in the middle. He turned it around and saw the inscription that was written there.
`Tenchi,  
We will be together forever, just the two of us. This is a symbol of my love for  
you. Never let it go. I love you  
		-Ryoko'
Tenchi smiled at the ring. She had given it to him the day before they fought  
Kagato as a good luck charm, but it could be used as an engagement ring. Tears began to  
slide even faster down his cheeks. Some day, Tenchi thought, We will be together again,  
and when that happens, I promise to never let you go.

Ryoko awoke from the Dream of her life. She had just Dreamt about Tenchi. It  
was on a grassy field somewhere in space. This gave Ryoko some hope as she made her  
way back to Earth with the others. They were going to hold Tenchi's Funeral on Earth.  
But Ryoko knew he was out there somewhere. She looked at the blue planet she called  
home, and vowed that he would return to her. She lay down in her Futon again and began  
to cry.

The days went by and it was time for the great battle. The Army had small Ear  
sized radio receivers so they could talk to base. Tenchi stood at the front of the large  
army, marching over the desert. Tenchi was nervous though. Durant must be pretty  
confident to let them wait a week. The army was armed with new spears Tenchi had  
made from the red metal and swords of the same material. This was going to be one hell  
of a battle. They couldn't see the demon army but they knew it was out there. As they  
marched, Tenchi could cut the tension with a knife. Then he saw it. Nash and Puck  
infront of a large army of Demons. There were about 300 demons there. It was massive.  
Both armies stopped moving and awaited their signal. Nash looked at the Army infront of  
him with a large toothy grin. "On my word, unleash hell." He yelled in his low voice.  
Tenchi lifted his sword for all to see.  
"This is the end of a 200 year war." Tenchi yelled.  "Think if were you want to be  
after this fight and you will be there." Tenchi kept his sword up and awaited the demons  
to make the first move. Nash had a very large Battle-Axe. Tenchi made a note to watch  
out for that.  
"ATTACH!!" The demon yelled and the Demon Army charged. Tenchi Lowered  
his sword in a swift motion signaling for the attach. The Shinatas and the Demons  
charged each other in great speed. It was like two massive waves heading straight for  
each other. And then out of no where, they connected. The battle began. Tenchi Charged  
Nash with his sword. He missed completely and Nash swung with his mighty Axe. It  
missed Tenchi completely and hit somebody else. Tenchi found his mark and stabbed it.  
Nash went down as Tenchi continued to fight the Demons.

The Camp was swamped with people yelling into Ear Transivers. They where  
trying to communicate with the Army but couldn't keep up with the fight. Page was  
nervous, as Hell while Ten was Readying medical supplies. The Shinata Army was  
winning from what he was seeing, but something didn't seem right. Suddenly his feelings  
told him to get down. The entire north wall exploded and about 200 Demons began to  
rush the citadel. It was a Trap.

	Tenchi could hear the screams on both the battlefield and the Receiver. This was  
madness, Tenchi thought. He was pissed as hell. They set a trap for them, luring away the  
army so they could attach the citadel. The battle continued with heavy Deaths until there  
were only about 5 people left standing, Tenchi included. The demons where all dead but  
they had no time to celebrate. They had to get back to the camp and get back fast. They  
ran as fast as they could. Blood oozing out of open wounds. Tenchi was bleeding but he  
continued. He had to save the camp. It took them 1 hour to get back to the camp and  
when they got their, they saw the mess. Many where dead. Some dying. Tenchi was sad.  
Why did this have to happen. He walked around and found some bandages to wrap his  
wounds in. he had nothing serious so he was Ok. The others wrapped their wounds also.  
Tenchi couldn't find Ten or Page. He found Jerec with a note taped to his Skull. It was  
for Tenchi. Dear Jurai, it began, I won. In the end it didn't matter who you were whether  
it be Jurai or Shinata, I still one. I hope you're alive to read this. I'm going to celebrate  
now. And have a rotten life. Signed Durant.
Tenchi looked at the mess. The other survivors decided to run away and join  
Durant. Tenchi just stood there in silence. "Its all my fault." He said. "I should've never  
joined anybody. And now everyone's dead. I let everybody down, even little Ten."  
Tenchi sat down in the control chair and began to cry. He had lost all hope.

Durant walked down the Corridor to the prison section of his fortress. He had a  
large smile on his face. The Water was his and nobody would stop him now. His demon  
army left him due to so many of them, including their generals dying. Durant only had a  
handful of real Solders left. That was it. His civilization. He stood before the most secure  
cell in the fortress. On the other side of the cell was Page. He was bleed from where his  
hand once was. Durant glared at Page with a look of Triumph. "I told you I would win."  
Page wouldn't answer. He kept applying pressure to what was left of his hand. Pages  
spirit was low. He hadn't been this sad since his sons' death. Durant continued. "I've  
decided to be nice to you. You will have a quick execution so you can be with your son  
again. I'm sure you miss him. In fact, you can also be with all of your solders again as  
well and everybody else." Durant looked down the hallway at the other survivors. "As for  
the rest of you, you will join your Master in the afterworld." And with that, Durant  
walked out of the room.  

Ten woke up from his hiding spot. He had hid under a large empty crate. As he  
moved the Crate, Tenchi sat up from his chair. "Who's in there." He yelled. Ten walked  
out of the storage facility with dirt on his face. Tenchi couldn't believe that he was alive.  
Neither could Ten. Ten ran to Tenchi and gave him a hug.  
"I can't believe that you're alive." Ten was happy. Tenchi was like an older  
brother to Ten. He was also his ride of the rock. "Now we can leave, right?" Tenchi  
shook his head.  
"We aren't going any where." Tenchi said. Tem looked sad. "I have to get Durant  
for this masacure. He isn't allowed to do atrocities like this. No one should." And with  
that, Tenchi put his cloak on and walked out of the command room. Ten followed.  
"I'm coming with you." Ten said.  
"Ok, just don't get killed." Tenchi said.
"I wont." And with that, they started the month long trek to Durants stronghold.

Washu sat in here lab.  She was still upset even though it had been 3 months since  
that day. Tenchi was lost.  Thought to be dead.  Kagato had been the culprit and Ryoko  
made him pay.  The last 2 months had been hectic.   
First, the gang returned home to find the house in ruins due to Nobiyuki having a  
party. The house needed repairs due to an Alcohol fire, not to mention several other fires.   
Nobiyuki was happy to see everybody back, until he noticed that Tenchi wasn't with us.   
His face went from happy too sad by the looks we gave him when he asked were Tenchi  
was.  D and Martel now live with us.  Martel, continuing his duties as Ayeka and  
Sasami's Royal bodyguard, has helped the princesses by offering a shoulder to cry on and  
a smile.  D was sad.  She had just met the Juraian prince when he died. D lives within the  
Masaki household because of a promise for life.  Tsunami is also with the crew now.  She  
had no place left to go and since she knew the group, she decided to stay with them. It is  
now impossible for Tsunami and Sasami to become one.  Sasami would have to go threw  
another near death experience for that to happen. Ryoko was taking Tenchi's lose like a  
stab through her heart.  It's so horrible, to have one say they love you for the very first  
time the day they die.  But Ryoko doesn't believe he's dead.  Every night she stands on  
the roof of the house and shouts her loves name.  You can hear it even in Tokyo, but then  
it sounds more like a whisper. She also lights a candle to guide him home. Moods were  
low, but they reached even lower when Tenchi's Funeral was held. It was by far the  
saddest day Washu had ever seen.  Next to Atchika's Tombstone, stood a new Stone to  
honor the memory of Tenchi.  Washu had also never seen so many flowers before. As  
that day went by, Washu couldn't find Ryoko anywhere.  Her Link was cut off, but she  
could tell what Ryoko was expressing with her absence.   

Ryoko wouldn't honor Tenchi's death because she knew he was alive.  She could  
feel it.  All she needed was a clue, and Tenchi would be hers again. She loved him with  
all her heart. All I need is a sign, Ryoko thought.  Just one sign and I could find you, my  
Tenchi. Ryoko was lying on top of the roof of the Masaki Household.  Maybe I should  
just give up, Ryoko thought as she looked at the sky.  Maybe I should just go to the  
Funeral. But I can't do it.  Ryoko stared at the beautiful full moon night.  The stars were  
very bright that night. She could even see stars from other systems.  Then she saw it.   
Tenchi's Star.  The Jurai name stars after their greatest members of their family that have  
died for Jurai.  Tenchi was considered one of those people so they named a star after him.   
Ryoko stared at the Star, as if the star had possessed her.  It shined with a brilliant bright  
blue.  It was one of the most beautiful things Ryoko had seen in her entire lifetime.  A  
tear ran down her check as she lay there and watched the star, as she remembered all the  
things Tenchi has done for her.  She needed him.  Then, as if it were to give her a wakeup  
call, the Star began to flicker.  It was as if it had new life to it, and for the first time in a  
long time, Ryoko smiled.  It was the Sign she was looking for.  The Sign that said that he  
was alive.  The sign that said that she could find him.  The sign that said that there is still  
a chance.  "So, this is were you've been hiding." Came a voice just out of Ryoko's line of  
sight.  Ryoko looked at the speaker of the voice and saw Tsunami, standing there in all  
her glory. "Thinking about Tenchi, aren't you Ryoko."
"Yes, he's all I think about.  He's out there somewhere, Tsunami." Ryoko said.   
"Believing that he's alive cant be healthy, Ryoko."
"I don't believe," Ryoko said as she looked up back at the star. "I know. You see  
that star," Ryoko said as she pointed up at the sky. "That's Tenchi's star."
"I see."Tsunami said. "They gave him a good star."
"Just before you talked to me, I saw it flicker." Ryoko began. "It was as if he's  
calling me.  Its like he's trying to say that I'm still alive.  It's like a beacon."
"If he was alive, then I would be able to sense him. Ryoko please, come inside.  
This cold weather can't be good for you."
"Can't you feel him, Tsunami. He's there. He wants me.  I can't disappoint him."  
Ryoko began to teleport.
"Ryoko, were are you going?" Tsunami asked.
"I'm going to see my mother." And with that she vanished. Tsunami looked at  
Tenchi's star. It was a beautiful star.  Tsunami looked at the Star closely.  It began to  
flicker.  Ryoko was right, the goddess thought.  He must be alive.

Ryoko teleported into Washu's lab.  It was the first time Ryoko had been indoors  
since 3 weeks ago.  It was warmer then the temperature she's been baring with, but it  
didn't matter.  As if she could read her mind, and she could, Washu popped up out of  
nowhere. "Finally decided to come inside, Little Ryoko?"
"No, mom, I'm not here for jokes, I just need your help. That's all."
"Its about Tenchi, isnt it." Ryoko nodded her head in silence. "I'm sorry, My little  
Ryoko.  I should've been there for you, on the roof, I mean."
"Its ok, mom.  I feel better since then."
"That's good to here. So, what does my lovely daughter want."
"I was hoping you could give me some equipment that can help me find Tenchi."
"Ryoko, I want you to understand that Tenchi is gone.  He's gone to a better  
place."
"NO HE'S NOT!" Ryoko shot back. "I'M SICK AND TIRED OF YOU PEOPLE  
GIVING UP ON TENCHI, HE'S ALIVE. I KNOW IT.!!" Washu looked hurt. She had  
never heard her little Ryoko speak to her like that.  It was a mixture of rage, love, guilt,  
and desperation. Ryoko noticed the hurt look on her mother's face. "I'm sorry. It's just  
that all I've been hearing for the last 3 months is that Tenchi is gone. Even Tsunami says  
that he's gone."
"I'm sorry, its my fault too Ryoko.  I'll tell you what; I'll give you my Orbatronic  
Analyzer.  I'll program it so that it can sense Tenchi's Energy. If you're even a lightyear  
away from him, it'll pick up his energy levels."
Ryoko looked at her mother with a smile. "Wow, mom. I don't know what to  
say."
"Just promise me one thing, Ryoko.  That you will find him.  I know how much  
you miss him.  I, and all the others, miss him, too.  Bring him back to all of use, please."
"I promise."

Ryoko was walking out to the dock. Rio-Oki was at her side.  Ryoko was renewed  
with a new energy.  She knew he was out there and was going to begin her search.  It was  
as if she had just gotten a second wind. "Ryoko, is it true?" Came a very young voice.  It  
was the one and only daughter of Tenchi.  Her purple hair bounced up and down as she  
ran to Ryoko. "Is it true that you're going to go and find my Daddy?" Ryoko looked at  
her with a nice smile.
"You bet kiddo."
"Then I want to come with you."
"Are you sure you want to do that Mayuka? I mean, it would be your first trip into  
outerspace."
"I'm going Ryoko. My Daddy is out there and if it means he will then I'm coming  
with you." Ryoko was surprised. Mayuka has always been a self-centered girl.   
"I'm coming too." Ryoko looked up to see whom it was. It was the same goddess  
who told her that it was impossible, that Tenchi was gone forever.
"Why the sudden change of heart, Tsunami?" Ryoko asked.
"I took a good look at that star.  It reminded me of Tenchi so much that I actually  
think he's alive.  You talked me into it."   
"Thanks Tsunami. Well Ryo-Oki are you ready?" Ryoko asked as she looked  
down at her furry little companion.
"Mya Mya Mya Mya."  
Ryoko picked up Rio-Oki. "Well then, lets go." And with that, the Pirate with the  
silver hair tossed the cabbit into the sky.  
"MMMMMMYYYYYYAAAA." The mighty Cabbit yelled.  In the blink of an  
eye the once small Ryo-Oki transformed into an Iron Giant will a taste for Carrots.  A  
large yellow beam came from Ryo-Oki and the three Heroines disappeared.

Tenchi and Ten stood outside of the Stronghold. It was huge. Super huge. Tenchi  
had never seen anything like it. It was colossal. Ten awoke Tenchi from his astonishment.  
"So this is Durants Fortress." Tenchi said. Ten nodded his head.
"We have a Problem Tenchi." Ten said. Tenchi looked at Ten with his eyebrow  
raised. "We don't know how to get in."
"That is a problem." Tenchi said. "Well, its not like we can knock. Maybe there's  
an air vent we could take." Tenchi and Ten began to look around. The search lasted about  
five minutes. They found an Air vent, just big enough for Tenchi to climb through around  
the front door. The two began to start the long crawl through the ventilation system.  
When they made it to the end of the Vent, they found that they were in some sort  
of Arena. It was huge, much bigger then the baseball field he'd been to at Tokyo. They  
looked into the center of the Field and saw a large mechanical machine, and under it were  
Page and the rest of the survivors. Durant was standing on a podium. Holding a controller  
of some type. Durant noticed Tenchi and Ten easily in the empty Arena. "If it isn't the  
Juraian." Durant began. "You're just in time to see me take care of the all my troubles in  
a single press of a button. Once I press this button, there will be no more people to  
oppose me. These solders and Page are the last of the Shinita's. Once they are gone, I will  
run the world with my Demon solders as soon as I find those that ran away." Tenchi  
couldn't believe what he was hearing. Durant was ready to make his people part of the  
endangered species list. Tenchi tried to yell something but it was too late. In one press of  
a button, the sole survivors of a war gone wrong where crush like flies in a fly swatter.  
"DURANT!!" Ten yelled. Tenchi looked at Durant with a cold stare. Ten was  
crying his eyes out as Durant laughed his maniacle laugh.  
"I'm the winner and there is no second place!" Durant yelled as he continued to  
laugh.  
"Your insane!" Tenchi yelled. Durant looked at him with a smile. "You don't get  
it Durant, Even if everybody is dead, you haven't won."  
"What makes you think that I am a loser?" Durant said.
"Because you haven't fought me yet." Tenchi began to walk slowly down to the  
arena floor. Durant frowned. He forgot about the Juraian. But then he smiled. How  
powerful can a Juraian really be, he thought as he walked to meet Tenchi. Tenchi  
removed his cloak. He was in his Juraian battle armor. Durant removed his cape to reveal  
his own type of battle armor. Similar to Jurai's. Durant pulled his large battle Scythe  
from its holster on his back. Tenchi removed his sword from its sheath. Both men stared  
at each other, ready to pounce.  
"Now lets see what Jurai is really made of." Durant began. And he charged.  
Tenchi charged at Durant as the battle began. Durant swung at Tenchi's head but Tenchi  
ducked. They continued at each other's movements. Each time Durant would strike,  
Tenchi would dodge and Strike, which lead to Durant Dodging. The fight continued back  
and forth. Durant was a very skilled fighter, Tenchi thought. Tenchi lunged at Durant  
with a Suicide Strike. Durant Dodged to his left and flew at Tenchi. Ten was amazed at  
the Skills both of these fighters exhibited. It surpassed anything he had ever seen. Both  
fighters moved at blinding speeds.  Tenchi swung left and finally connected, slicing open  
Durants left cheek. Durant stopped and touched his check. He looked at his hand, wich  
was now covered in blood. Durant stared at Tenchi. "Nobody has ever cut my face,  
except for Page. You have skill Jurai, but not enough." Durant swung at Tenchi, but he  
completely missed alowing Tenchi to jab his sword into Durants leg. Durant holared and  
fell on his back as he clutched his leg. Tenchi looked down at Durant. Durant had never  
seen such terror in his life. He thought that it was the end, but then Tenchi dropped his  
sword. "You spare me, Jurai. Why?"
"Because I'm better then you." Tenchi said. "I don't need to kill to prove a point."  
Ten ran over to Tenchi. "I'm leaving, Durant. I don't ever want to see you ever again."  
And with that, Tenchi and Ten began to walk away. Durant couldn't belive he was being  
discarded like trash. I am Durant, he thought, and nobody will ever beat me. Durant  
pulled two devices out of his gloves. One was a wrist bow with one single arrow. He  
aimed it at Tenchi while he pressed a button on the other devise. Suddenly the Arena  
lights turned red, and started to flash. Tenchi could hear sirens. "What is going on."
"My Trump Card!" Durant yelled. Suddenly, Tenchi heard a metallic voice over  
an intercom.
"The Self Destruct devise has been activated." Tenchi's eyes widened. He turned  
to look at Durant, who now aimed the wrist bow at Tenchi's heart.
"I told you Jurai," Durant began. "I AM THE WINNER!!" And with that, he fired  
the bow. Ten saw where it was aimed and reacted, pushing Tenchi out of the way. But  
because of that, Ten was shot in the chest. Tenchi caught Ten in mid fall as blood started  
to ooze from the new wound. Ten began to cry, blood spilling out of his mouth. Durant  
slowly stood up and watched his new deed. Tenchi held Ten close to him.
"Don't die Ten." Tenchi said. "Please don't die." Ten looked up at Tenchi. He  
knew he wouldn't make it, the doctor in him told him this. Ten wasn't going to make it to  
Earth. He wasn't going to become Tenchis' brother. It was all over.  
"Tenchi." He began. "Tell me about the Earth." And with that, he died in Tenchi's  
arms.  
"No Ten. Don't Go Ten." Tenchi closed his eyes and began to yell  
"TTTTEEEEENNNNN!!!!" The yell would've been heard throughout the world, but  
nobody is alive anymore. Durant continued to laugh as Tenchi held Ten. Tears streamed  
down from Tenchi's eyes. Tenchi lay Ten down and looked at Durant with a cold stare.  
"For the last year," Tenchi began. "People have been hurting my friends to get to me.  
Kagato did it to Sasami, Ryoko, and Ayeka. Dr. Clay tried to kill everybody. And now  
you've killed Ten." Tenchi's forhead began to glow in the familiar Jurai Tri patern.  
Durant eyes widened. Three Light Hawk Wings appeared infront of Tenchi. Durant knew  
what was happening. He had seen Light Hawk Wings Before, but never from a boy.  
Tenchi raised his arms and the wings engulfed his body, changing his uniform to that of a  
demigod. Durant stared at Tenchi as Tenchi activated the light Hawk Sword.  
"Jurai, you don't know when to quite." Durant said as he lifted his Scythe. Tenchi  
and Durant stood there looking at each other, and then, they began to Rush one another.  
Tenchi and Durant ran full speed and then their blades crossed. They stood there and  
stared at each other. Blood trickled out of the side of Durants mouth. "You are good  
Jurai." Was all Durant said as he fell to the ground. Tenchi stared at the lifeless Durant as  
he extinguished his wings.
"My name is Tenchi." And with that, Tenchi picked up Ten and made his way out  
of the complex before it blew up.

The Starship Cabbit was past Jupiter when the first of many questions was asked.   
"So," Tsunami began. "Where should we try first?"  Ryoko looked over at the  
questioning Goddess.  
"Well, I guess I won the bet." Ryoko said.
"What do you mean by that?" Tsunami asked with a puzzled look on her face.
"Ayeka and I had a little bet going on."
"And, what was it about?"
"It was to see who got the smarts from the separation. I won."
"Wow, what a compliment." Tsunami said. "But that's not nice to say that Sasami  
is dumb."
"What do you mean Sasami is dumb? I was talking about how I said that Sasami  
was smarter."
"What? Hey, Ryoko, that's not nice, come-on."
	"I'm just kidding. Anyway, to answer your first question, I figured we could get a  
lead from the Juraian Memorial Park, that last place we saw Tenchi."
	"That makes sense." Tsunami said.  Mayuka was looking out of one of Rio-Oki's  
view ports.  She was totally fascinated by the many stars and planets, it was amazing.   
Seeing Mayuka, Ryoko decided to play tour guide.  She walked over to were Mayuka  
was looking.  She was watching the sea of stars as they rapidly sped past.
"Amazing, aren't they." Ryoko began. "Each one is like a miniature sun.  
Breathing life into its closest planets."
"Wow." Mayuka said.  
"Most of them had names, too.  Want to know which ones they are?"
"Would I. tell me Ryoko."
"Ok, but you have to point them out."
"Ok." Mayuka looked around at the many stars that made up the universe. She  
lifted her arm and said. "That one." Ryoko looked at the star she was pointing to.
"Well," Ryoko began. "That's Vereti. Humans call it the North Star."
	"The North Star." Mayuka said in Awe.
"Supposedly, before cartography was invented on earth, men and Women used  
that very star to guide them.  Some still use it to this very day. Pretty cool, huh."
"That's cool." Mayuka said. Tsunami couldn't help noticing the way Ryoko was  
acting.  She was acting very unRyoko-like.  She was almost like a mother figure to  
Mayuka.  Tsunami sat in her floating Ryo-Oki chair and thought to herself.  Things really  
have changed, Tsunami thought. Tenchi is gone, Ayeka finds another man, Ryoko acts  
like a mother and calms down, and she's not connected to Sasami anymore. Things really  
do change.  "What about that one?" Mayuka asked.  
"That one is.." Ryoko began, but then stopped.  It was his star. Tenchi's star.  The  
same star that inspired her to search for him.  Ryoko just stood there and watched the  
little star. It really was like he was calling them, and the star was the guide.  Ryoko began  
to sob, quiet sobs as she watched the star.  A tear trickled down her cheek.  
"Ryoko, what is it? What's wrong? You're crying?" Mayuka asked in a curious  
tone
"Its nothing, Mayuka." Ryoko said as she wiped the tear away.
"Come-on, tell me what that star is."
"That star was just recently named."
"Really?"
"Yes.  It was named after a very brave warrior. He would fight to protect anything  
he truly believed in.  He fought demons, devils, madmen, and god like creatures.  He was  
very handsome and brave. Some say he was a brave warrior, I say he was a great man."
	"Wow, you sure know a lot about that star." Mayuka said
"You know it, Mayuka." And then Ryoko began to break down.  She fell to her  
knees and began crying incredibly. Tsunami jumped out of her chair and ran over to  
comfort the space Pirate.   
"It was his star, wasn't it?" Tsunami asked.
"God, I miss him, Tsunami.  I miss him so much."
"You haven't had any sleep since the event, didn't you, you poor thing."
"Don't worry, I can get up."
	"No, your too exhausted, you need to sleep. Rio-Oki, could you please make a  
bed for Ryoko?" Tsunami asked.  With a mya, a bed appeared.  Tsunami lifted Ryoko  
and laid her on it. She then pulled the covers over Ryoko.   
"I can't believe I just stood there and watched him get thrown into that nexus."
"sshhh, its ok. There was nothing you could do. And soon, he'll be with us again.  
Don't worry, just get some sleep. Poor thing."
"Thanks, Tsunami." And with that, Ryoko fell asleep for the first time in months.
"Don't mention it, Guardian Ryoko."

Tenchi carried the body of Ten through the Desert. It had been one week since the  
fight. His body hurt of wounds that needed healing. It was a very hot day that day and he  
needed some water. Tenchi kept walking until he found a small pond. The water was  
clean. Tenchi decided that it was the perfect place. Placing Ten down on the ground, he  
began to dig with his sword. He dug a great hole and lay Ten's body in it as a grave. He  
kept silent and uttered a small prayer before filling the ground with dirt. While doing this,  
he thought of the boy who saved his life more then once and began to cry. He was soon  
finished and got himself a drink of water. As he walked away he stared at the grave.  
"Farwell my Friend, may we meet again some where, some day." And Tenchi began to  
walk into the desert.

Ryoko was in a very deep sleep. All she could see was white.  The entire place  
was covered in white.  Ryoko was alone in this nexus. "Ryoko." Ryoko turned around  
and there was Tenchi in the distance.  She flew to him, but as she got closer, he faded  
away.  She stood there, were he was, and began to cry. A helpful arm appeared and began  
to comfort the poor girl. Ryoko looked at who it was and was shocked. It was Atchika.  
Tenchi's mother, slightly older then the Teenage Atchika that the gang saved from Kain.  
Ryoko looked at her in a puzzled look. "Lady Achika, were did you come from?"   
"Its ok Ryoko. I'm here to help you."
"You know who I am? But I thought we erased your memory when we saved  
you."
"I know all. I know about how you love my son, and how you plan on saving  
him."
"Wow, you know a lot for somebody who is supposed to be dead."
"I am dead, Ryoko. But the powers that be have allowed me to enter your dreams  
to help you find my son."
"Why do they want to help?" Ryoko asked.
"Because I are sad for my Tenchi. Ever since I died, he became a loner. He  
wouldn't get into a relationship with anybody.  The Council recognized this and believes  
that to save to future, he needs to be with somebody. That's were you fit in."
	"What do you mean save the future, and what is this Council, and what is this  
about me."
"A cataclysmic event of biblical proportions is supposed to occur, but it could be  
any day. It could be tomorrow, or it could be 1000 years from now. All we know is that  
Tenchi and the love of his life is the key to stopping this.  We need you because he loves  
you and you love him.  Before you guys fought Kagato, I came to Tenchi in a dream.  It  
was when he was unconscious and you were saving him.  I told him to express his true  
feelings toward you.  That he should because if your love and his love were combined,  
you could beat anything."
"Wow, and you're here to help me find him?"
"Yes, but I can only offer clues. Your love must guide you to him. Do you  
understand?"
"Yes. I understand lady Atchika."
"Good," Atchika said. "Then come with me."  Ryoko began to follow Atchika  
through the jungle of white. The scenery shifted from just white. To a color scenery. It  
was of a grassy field on the planet jurai, and on that field was a man raising crops. He  
looked a lot like Martel, yet slightly older with long gray hair. Atchika pointed to the  
man. "That man has information to the whereabouts of my son. Got to him and ask him if  
he knows of the energy nexus. He will have important info. And know, I must go."
"Wait! I have one question for you Atchika."
"Ok."
"Is Tenchi alive."
"Yes." Ryoko began to break down in tears again when the dream began to fade  
away and she began to wake up.

Ryoko awoke with a tear in her eye.  She had her proof. Tenchi is alive.  The dead  
would never lie.  Ryoko sat up and looked at the bed. Tsunami and Mayuka were now  
asleep.  Ryoko smiled at the two. They were going so much to help her find the man she  
loved.  Ryoko was actually happy.  She knew he was alive. And know she would find her  
Tenchi and live happily ever after.  Ryoko got out of bed and walked over to her floating  
chair. As she jumped into it, Ryo-Oki asked her why she was happy.  "Because, I know  
that my Tenchi is alive.  Rio-Oki, I promise if you find Tenchi I'll give you twice as  
many carrots as you want." That made the cabbit pick up speed.  Tsunami awoke from  
this sudden change of speed.  She looked over at were Ryoko sat.
"About time you woke up." She said.
"What do you mean, Tsunami?" Ryoko asked. Tsunami was right next to Ryoko  
now. She looked at the space pirate and said in her serene voice.
"Because you were asleep for a week."
	"Are you kidding me?"
"Nope.  You look like you've got your energy back."
"Thanks for coming with us Tsunami. It's good to have someone I can trust with  
me. You're helping me in more ways then one." Ryoko looked out the window. "We're  
almost to Jurai.  Then the real search will begin. Tsunami, I need you to look after  
Mayuka."
"What for?"
"There's someone I have to meet there.  I'd like to do it in private."
"Whatever you want Ryoko.  Anything for a guardian."
"What was that you said?" Ryoko asked. "Why are you calling me a guardian?"
"Well, " Tsunami began. "You can generate the light Hawk Wings just like  
Tenchi can. Those who can form their own wings are considered the guardians of  
Tsunami. The chosen warriors. That is one of the main reason's that I'm helping you."
"Really. So what are the benefits to being a guardian?"
"Almost infinite life.  You can still die, just not by illness, poison or old age."
"You mean, I get to spend eternity with Tenchi?"
"If he's alive."
"He is alive.  I've told you that enough. Ok."
"Ok, jeez." Tsunami looked out the window. "There's Jurai. We're only an hour  
away.

Tenchi trecked through the Desert Planet. He had no where to go now. Durant had  
killed every body. The madman made his own spiece's extinct through his paranoia.  
Tenchi just didn't want to look back at the travesty that occurred. As he walked through  
the heat, he looked at the Ring on his fingur. He began to twist it around the fingure, as if  
trying to speed up time. But it wasn't that easy. He knew that the only way of the Planet  
was Death, but he wouldn't let that happen. He was able to supply a hew canasters of  
Water from the wreckage that was left of the Fortress. The water would help him for a  
long time. But how long would it take befor he ran out. This thought Depressed Tenchi.  
He didn't want to think about it right now. He just wanted to go home. He wanted to fall  
asleep in a soft bed, or eat some of Sasami's home cooking. He wanted to do his chores  
and go to school. And most of all, he wanted Ryoko. Tenchi fell to his nees and began to  
cry uncontrolably. He couldn't help himself. He just wanted off the waste land, period.  
Tenchi Masaki got back on his feet and continued his trek across the desert world.

The Cabbit arrived just outside the memorial.  Ryoko decided to check the area  
out for clue's before she met up with the farmer. They began to walk down the long  
corridor, to the Keys holding chamber.  Tsunami used her powers to open the sealed door  
and they entered the chamber.  Ryoko had to steady herself, as a wave of emotion began  
to spread through her body.  This was the scene that she kept replaying through her head.   
The Nexus. The force of Kagato's power was holding everyone down. And Ryoko  
standing there, watching her love as he was thrown into the nexus.  Ryoko began to shed  
the same tears. Tsunami helped her to her feet as they looked at the room. "I don't think  
we're going to find anything here but sadness." Tsunami said.
"Your right." Ryoko said. "We should head back to Rio-Oki." As the two girls  
began to walk away, Mayuka saw something. It was larger then her hand and was the  
color of Juraian keys.
"Hey, I fond something." Mayuka said. Ryoko looked over at Mayuka to see what  
she was hold. It was Sword Tenchi.  Tenchi's Master Key.  Ryoko walked over to  
Mayuka and the little girl gave it to Ryoko. Ryoko rubbed the sword against her cheek as  
if it were Tenchi's hand caressing her. Ryoko looked at Mayuka and gave her a huge.   
Mayuka was surprised by this sudden outburst of emotion.  Ryoko let go.
	"Thank you Mayuka." Ryoko said. "Lets go." As they left the corridor, Mayuka  
couldn't help but wonder what Ryoko meant when she said thank you.  As they walked  
out of the temple, Ryoko began to fly. "I've got something to take care of. I'll be about 2  
hours. Be right back." And with that, Ryoko flew away.

Ryoko flew over the Great Plains of Jurai.  Atckika never told her which way to  
go, or where he is exactly.  She just knew that a gray haired man would have information  
leading to the whereabouts of Tenchi.  As Ryoko looked down at the grassy fields, she  
saw what she was looking for. The gray haired man was reaping Juraian Wheat.  It was  
just like the dream told her.  Ryoko began to float lower to the farmer.  The farmer didn't  
notice her until Ryoko landed.  "Hello." Ryoko said. The man moved his head to look at  
her. It was then that Ryoko noticed that the man had no eyes.
"What does a young lady want with an old man like me?" The Farmer asked.  
Ryoko looked down at her shadow.  
"I was told that you would have some information for me." Ryoko said.   
"It's about the energy nexus, isn't it." The old man replied. Ryoko was stunned to  
know that this blind man already knew why she was here.  
"How did you know?" Ryoko asked.  The old man sat down on the grassy field.  
He took a handkerchief from his pocket and wiped his forehead.
"3000 years ago." The old man began. "I entered the forbidden Memorial. I was a  
very young man who foolishly thought that if I had the Jurai Key, I could win the heart of  
a young girl.  The Key has many powers."
	"You had the keys power?" Ryoko asked.
"Yes. The power was so amazing.  I knew someone was going to come to me and  
ask about the nexus portal."
"How did you know?" Ryoko asked.
"Even though I lost my eyes, my other senses increased. I felt that energy wave  
that surged out of the planet jurai.  It was phenomenal."
"Tell me about the Nexus."
"It is one of the powers that the Key uses. It is a gateway, not to another  
dimension, or to another plain. Even though the key can create these nexuses, it can only  
send people to planets. Whoever your looking for is on a planet." A smile appeared on  
Ryoko's face when she found out that Tenchi wasn't in another Dimension. The old man  
Continued. "I felt it. The power resonating from the nexus that was opened."
"Then, you know where Tenchi is?" Ryoko asked.
"I can't say for curtain, but I can point you in a direction." The old man pointed in  
the direction of the phobian nebula, a cluster of stars 4000 parsecs away from Jurai.  
Follow that straight line," The old man began, "and you will find this Tenchi."
"Thank you, Thank you." Ryoko said as tears ran down her eyes. "I don't know  
how to repay you."  
"There is only one thing that you could do to repay me." The old man began.  
"Please, Kill me." Ryoko looked shocked, she was about to intervene when the old man  
continued. "I've lived for over 25,000 years. And know I am slowly dying. Please, make  
the hurt go away."  
"Ok, if you want me to."  
"Then please, take me to my house." Ryoko helped the old man up and took him  
to his home.  There was an old bed in the left corner. "Set me down on the bed, it is there  
that I shall rest in peace." Ryoko gently lay the man down on his bed.  The old man  
pulled out a locket that he clutched with his fist. "Do it, but do it without any pain." He  
said. Ryoko made a small energy blade. Tears running down her eyes as she looked at the  
man who just helped her. She brought her blade up and sent it into the mans skull. Ryoko  
stood there as the man's spirit drifted away. She could feel it.  Ryoko then said a small  
prayer and teleported to the others.

"Where were you?" Tsunami asked." That seemed a lot longer then 2 hours.   
Tsunami then realized the tear-stained face that Ryoko wore. "I'm sorry Ryoko, I didn't  
think anything was wrong."  
"Its ok," Ryoko said. "I'm just releasing the pent up emotions that I've kept to  
myself. Lets go Rio-Oki." The cabbit myaed in agreement and flung itself into the sky.  
The great space ship Ryo-Oki was ready to go. They teleported to the bridge.
"Were to know?" Mayuka asked. Ryoko held sword Tenchi close to her heart as  
she looked at Mayuka.
"We're going to the Phobian Nebula. I got word from a very reliable source that  
he is in that direction. You got that Ryo-Oki?" the cabbit myaed in agreement and began  
a slow turn. Ryoko sat down in her control chair. Tsunami watched out the view port as  
the stars began to move past the cabbit.  She knew that Ryoko was hiding something  
from her, even though she poured her heart out a couple of days ago.  It was strange to  
see the space pirate acting so gentle. Tsunami was used to the rude and annoying Ryoko  
by the time Tenchi was lost, that this sudden change was shocking.  Ryoko sat still as she  
watched the planets fly by. She couldn't stop thinking about the old man.  He had done so  
much for her by only uttering a few sentences. She wondered about the myth that  
surrounded him. All she knew was that the man lived for a very long time and that he had  
worn the Key of Jurai.  She decided that it was none of her business to know. She spoke a  
silent prayer for the man and drifted of into dream world.  

Ryoko felt a familiar presence, just like in her last dream, the entire area was  
white, and Atchika stood there with a smile on her face.  Ryoko stared at the mother of  
her Tenchi as she walked closer. "Well done, Ryoko.  The council applauds your success.   
You will see Tenchi soon." Ryoko looked at Atchika with a questioning face.  
"I still want to know what this council is. And what they want to do with my  
Tenchi and I?" Ryoko said. There was harshness in her tone. Atchika knew she was  
angry.
"Why do you still question the Council, Ryoko?" Atchika asked. Ryoko looked at  
her as if she just farted in church.
"I'll tell you why." Ryoko began. "Today I met with the old farmer that you told  
me of and in exchange for the information, I had to kill him.  You never said that I had to  
kill him. I swore to Tenchi that I would never take a life unless it was to help the  
universe.  Why does this Council need us? What is this Cataclysm?" Atchika looked at  
Ryoko as if she just hurt her.   
"I'm sorry, Ryoko, if I'm withholding information," Atchika Began. "But I am  
only saying what the Council has told me to say. I'm just a messenger." Ryoko looked at  
her coldly.
"Please, leave me. I'm grateful for the information that you have given, but there  
has to be another way to save him that doesn't mean killing." Atchika sighed. She looked  
at Ryoko with a tear in her eye.  
"I'm sorry. I will leave you know, but first I must give you this message." Atchika  
walked over to Ryoko.  "You are heading in the right direction, but every road has its  
obstacles. The Planet that Tenchi is on is filled with fierce beasts and hot sand.  He is on  
a planet in which fire erupts from the ground, and water is scarce. You will need to fight  
to find him, Ryoko. Remember that." And with that, Atchika began to vanish. The white  
became dark. And Ryoko opened her eyes.

Ryoko awoke to the sound of Mayuka and Tsunami talking. She got out of her  
chair and looked at the girls. They were watching something outside the ship. Ryoko  
looked outside and saw what had caught their attention. It was the jihante, a race of  
creatures that flew in deep space. Their color was a bright green as they flew by. A  
peaceful race, similar to the deer that live on Earth. Ryoko smiled. They reminded of her  
many flights through space. They were bringers of good luck and fortune. "I see you've  
awoken." Tsunami said. Ryoko broke out of her trance and looked at the Goddess. She  
walked over to were the girls sat and sat down.  
"Tsunami made lunch for us." Mayuka said. Tsunami handed Ryoko a cup of Tea.  
Ryoko to one sip and knew it was great.
"I see you've inherited Sasami's cooking ability." Ryoko said.  
"I'm sure you could make some good tea, Ryoko." Tsunami said. Ryoko raised  
her eyebrows at her.  
"Are you kidding." The Space Pirate began. "Every thing I make, including Tea,  
ends up eating through the floor. Even iced tea can do that. One time I made tea that ate  
through solid Titanium like a hot knife through butter." Tsunami couldn't believe her  
ears. A substance that could eat through Titanium that fast was amazing.  
"I'm sure that myself or Sasami could teach you how to cook, Ryoko."  
"Well, if it's ok. Sign me up for lessons when we get back home, ok." Ryoko  
said.
"Sure."  
Mayuka looked at Ryoko and asked a very interesting question. "So Ryoko, Are  
you and my Daddy going to get married?" Ryoko and Tsunami face faulted instantly.  
When Ryoko regained her posture, she looked at the girl with a smile on her face.   
"You know." Ryoko began. "Maybe when we get home, I'll propose. But if we do  
get married, the wedding would probably be in a year. That way, we could have enough  
time to plan one of the most extravagant." Ryoko got up and walked over to the  
viewpoint. "Now I want to find Tenchi even more. I look at his star and. And. And, I just  
want to hold him in my arms." She began to squeeze her arms, as if she was hugging him.  
"But, all good things come to those who wait." Ryoko walked over to her chair and  
flopped herself down. "We're entering the Phobian Nebula." Tsunami stood up and  
walked to the end of the ship.  
"I'll turn on Washu's machine. Hopefully, we'll pick up his energy signature."  
Ryoko watched as the stars flew past them. She couldn't help but feel excited and  
worried at the same time. She was going to see her Tenchi, perhaps in the next half an  
hour. But if Atchika was right, then he might be in mortal danger. A small blip began to  
appear on the screen connected to the Orbatronic Analyzer. Ryokos heart began to beat  
faster as she flew to the machine. There, plain as sight, was the man she loved. A small  
blip.  A vision popped into Tsunami's head. For the first time in week's, she could sense  
his presence. In that very instant, she could hear cries of pain and suffering. Tsunami  
began to try to find the direction that he was in. it was so close. It took forever. For three  
days, they kept going in the same direction. The feelings tortured Tsunami. It wasn't long  
befor they made it to uncharted space. Tsunami couldn't stand the pain, flying through  
her head. It was horible, Tsunami thought. She then noticed a brownish planet. That was  
where he was. "Ryoko," Tsunami began. "I can feel him. He's on that planet." Ryoko  
looked at the small brown orb. In that moment, she remembered what Atchika said. A  
planet where water is hard to find. A desert planet.
"Ryo-Oki, that's were he is, go there now.' Ryoko commanded. They could feel  
the cabbit turn and they were of. Ryoko knew she would find him. And for the first time  
in a long time, Ryoko felt truly happy.  

It took them fifteen minutes to find a safe spot to land. The ship was a Cabbit  
once again. Ryoko looked at the surrounding scenery. It reminded her of all the paintings  
she'd seen on Earth that involve Hell. It was horrible. Fire erupted from the ground, just  
like Atchika said. "I'm going to look for him," Ryoko said. "You guys stay together and  
wait for me."
"Why cant we come with you, Ryoko." Mayuka asked.  
"Sorry kiddo, but you guys would be a liability for me. I can protect myself and  
another person, but if you came I would have to protect 4 people." Ryoko looked at  
Tsunami." Lady Tsunami, could you point the way." Tsunami smiled as she rose her left  
arm. He's somewhere to the east. Just keep going that way and you should find him."  
Ryoko nodded and smiled.  
"I'll try to be quick. Take care." And with that, Ryoko flew to the east.  

It had been 100 miles before she started to worry. All she'd seen was desert and  
fire. It was unsettling scenery. She began to let her eyes wander around. She hadn't seen  
any monsters or Demons. It was pretty desolate. The temperature was around 150  
degrees. That's just too hot, Ryoko thought. She looked to her right and noticed some  
rock formations. If Tenchi was alive, he would be there.  She flew as fast as she could to  
the rocks. She landed on the closest rock. She could feel him. It was as if he was right  
there. Ryoko looked around to see what she could see. She saw a very small lake. Ryoko  
decided to get a drink. As she walked over to the lake. She noticed that somebody was on  
the other side. He had black hair and a small rat like ponytail. She just realized who it  
was. "Tenchi?" she said. The man stood up. It was him. Tenchi Masaki stood there before  
her, just like before. He now wore a headband, to sop up all the sweat. His shirt was torn  
with large claw marks. He had some new cuts and scrapes. Tenchi looked at Ryoko with  
a very surprised look on his face.  
"Ryoko? Is that you?" he called. Ryoko knew it was him. She was successful. She  
tried her hardest to keep her tears back as she began to cry. She began to run towards  
him, with a big smile on her face, tears streaming down her cheeks and arms out ready  
for an embrace.
"TTTEEEENNNCCCHHHIII!!!" She called out as she ran to him. Tenchi didn't  
waist any time. He ran to her. He was saved. Tenchi never thought he could escape. He'd  
tried so hard to find a way of the planet, but he couldn't. He had missed the girls,  
especially his love, Ryoko. And know, after a month of fighting for his life in his own  
personal hell, That he was free. He began to run through the small lake. Running as if his  
life depended on it, and it did. He ran to her and they embraced. Ryoko began to kiss  
Tenchi as tears ran out of both of their eyes.  After a minute of kissing, Ryoko released  
her kiss and looked into her loves eyes.  
	"How did you find me? What happened to Jurai? Where is everybody?" Tenchi  
had so many questions and so little time.  
"I'll tell you all about what happened as soon as we're of this rock." Ryoko  
hugged Tenchi even tighter and teleported both of them to where the others waited.

Tsunami stood silent and calm. This planet really creeped her out. Mayuka and  
Ryo-Oki stayed close to her so if something happened, she could call her wings for  
protection. It had been an hour since Ryoko left to find Tenchi, and she was getting  
nervous. Where are they, Tsunami thought? Then a thought occurred to her. Don't tell me  
that they are doing that on this planet. Just as that very thought occurred into her head,  
Ryoko appeared holding Tenchi close to her. Tsunami couldn't help but run over and  
give him a Huge. Ryoko had proven her wrong. "Tsunami, Mayuka, Ryo-Oki." Tenchi  
said. "Where is everybody else?" Ryoko looked at Tenchi.
"They couldn't come." Ryoko said. "Washu gave me the equipment to help, but  
she was to busy working on D. Sasami, Ayeka, and Martel had some issues to take care  
of so they couldn't make it. And Kyone and Mihoshi had to take out a criminal."  
"Well." Tenchi Began. "It doesn't matter that they aren't here. What matters is  
that I can leave this hell and go home. I have some amazing stories to tell everyone."  
Ryoko looked at Ryo-Oki.  
"Ryo-Oki, lets go." The cabbit myaed with joy and lept into the sky and  
transformed. Tenchi couldn't believe that he was finally going home. As Ryo-Oki began  
to transport the gang onto her bridge, Tenchi looked at Ryoko. It had been one Month  
since he told her that he loved her. She looked back at him with a smile. Tenchi held her  
hand in his as they left the burning planet.  

That night, on the way home, Tenchi told the three girls about his adventures on  
the dead planet. It was a night to remember as the he spoke of fights with demons, and an  
evil Tyrant known as Durant. He also spoke of a boy named Ten. Tsunami and Mayuka  
fell asleep listening to these stories, but Ryoko was at full attention. She listened to every  
word. Tenchi was drinking from a large thurmas. He hadn't had any real water for a long  
time. It was a demon planet, and Tenchi wanted to forget about the whole experience.  
Ryoko sat next to him and rest her head on his shoulder. "God I missed you." She said.  
"The house just isn't the same without you. It's been weird. Ayeka and Martel have a  
thing going on know." Tenchi grew a smile on his face.
"So Martel got Ayeka, huh." Tenchi said. Ryoko nodded.  
"Its scary, they keep flirting with each other. And the way they do it makes me  
want to throw up."  
Tenchi couldn't help but laugh. Ryoko began to laugh as well. "It'll be nice to be  
able to sleep in a real bed. I've been sleeping on Rocks for the last 3 months. My Back is  
stiff."  
"Well, it'll be 13 hours until we get home, I promised Ryo-Oki that when we get  
home, she can have a mountain of Carrots, just for her." The two continued to talk for  
many hours about their feelings, their adventures, and their future, and as Ryoko sat there  
with her head on Tenchi's shoulder, she couldn't help but think of what the future would  
hold. And as Ryo-Oki flew past Jupiter, she gazed at Tenchi's star. It was much brighter  
then before. And for the first time in her entire life, she had never been happier.

To Be Continued...

Next Episode: Looking Into an Evil Mirror

Nexodus@msn.com
