[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

PREVIEW:

Ahoy, mates!  Time to make sail on the open seas.  There's a
storm a-blowin', and this lubber feels like bearing off this
dock.

Get your sea biscuits ready, cause it's going to be a long
voyage.  If you're prone to seasickness, you'd better make
sure your barf bags are ready, cause it looks like rough
running.

If action, adventure and romance is what you want, why just
settle for Tenchi Forever, when you can have...

TENCHI TILL THE COWS COME HOME:

1  STOWED AWAY

   Tenchi's quest means a nice two-week vacation for him,
and fourteen days of pure hell for everyone else.  On the
bright side, Tenchi seems to be enjoying himself a bit more.

2  SHIPWRECKED

   Tenchi comes to the end of his quest, as the girls have
one last encounter with pirates.  Funny, though.  I didn't
know pirates and cops were working together nowadays...

3  THE CAT'S-PAW

   Time for a little resolution--not always a pretty
picture.  Things get literally sickening in this shocking
dramatic finish.

***

PROLOGUE:  (A Discourse In Jurai Bureaucracy)

     INT. AYEKA'S BEDROOM

     Sasami and Ayeka are lying in their beds, apparently
asleep.  Sasami sits up, pondering.  She looks over at
Ayeka, thoughtfully.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  Ayeka, are you asleep?

     Ayeka scowls and sits up.

          AYEKA:  Yes, I am.  (sigh)  What do you want,
Sasami?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  I was just wondering about something... 
I never really thought about it, before.

     BEDROOM

     Ayeka lies back down, trying to get comfortable again.

          AYEKA:  Whatever it is, Sasami, you can tell me. 
I would understand.  I am your sister, remember?

          SASAMI:  I know that, Ayeka.  I'm grateful, too. 
Really.  There's just something that's been bothering me for
some time, now.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (concerned)  Bothering you?  What's the
problem, Sasami?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (reluctant)  Well...  It's about
something that Yosho told you before.  I'm not sure what he
was thinking.  Sometimes, I wonder if Yosho doesn't really
think before he speaks...

     BEDROOM

     Ayeka looks around, genuinely puzzled.

          AYEKA:  What was that?

          SASAMI:  You remember--when he told you that you
were perfect for Tenchi.  No offense, but I honestly don't
see how you two could get married.

          AYEKA:  (sigh)  It's all very reasonable, Sasami. 
The Jurai royal family is expected to marry within the
family, just like anyone else.  We are the symbolic union of
our society.  We are supposed to set an example.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  But, you remember what Father said?  He
wants you to marry someone who can give us a political
advantage.  You know he would never go along with a marriage
between you and Tenchi.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (irritated)  I don't have to have
approval, Sasami.  Just because Father is the king of Jurai,
doesn't make him my master.  I will marry whoever I please.

     BEDROOM

          SASAMI:  I know, but you can't just expect him to
sit by and watch you marry Tenchi.  He might order you to
marry someone else, as well.  You'd still be a princess,
after all.

          AYEKA:  Common law forbids us from taking more
than one husband, Sasami.  You know that.

          SASAMI:  Yes, but it has happened before. 
Precedent always takes priority over common law.

          AYEKA:  But the Unified Galaxy Law forbids the
action of precedent once common law is invoked.

          SASAMI:  That only applies to Juraian customs. 
The taking of more than one husband is an Earth tradition.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (surprised)  It is?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  It's obscure, but yes.

     BEDROOM

          AYEKA:  How annoying.  Wait a moment--if I pledge
Tenchi as my personal chamberlain, I can avoid the whole
question of common law.  The court of commerce specifically
forbids the legal interference in matters of political
office.  I could claim the marriage as an official treasury
expense and shield the entire thing.

          SASAMI:  Yeah, I thought of that.  Commerce policy
only really applies to ad hoc situations.  You can't just
blanket the matter.  An auditor would dispose of every
motion you made.

          AYEKA:  Oh.  Right.  Well...  Civil law can
restrain a family member from unwanted administrations of
public duty.

          SASAMI:  That would only allow you to assess a
remedy, after the fact.  Anyway, you'd have to abstain from
public duty for the duration of your marriage, if you did
that.  And since you're a princess, that would require you
to abstain in the household of the inspector general as his
personal scribe.

     CU. AYEKA

     She sits up, looking very annoyed.

          AYEKA:  My, what was Yosho thinking?  Hmm... 
Maybe I could just refrain from my duty, then plead for
amnesty from Tenchi.  That seems like the most logical thing
to do.  Tenchi is the heir to the throne, after all.

     CU. SASAMI

     She looks at Ayeka, a little amused.

          SASAMI:  Father would just revoke it.  It's not
like Tenchi has authority over the emperor--not unless he's
willing to fight a duel over the matter.

     BEDROOM

     Ayeka ponders again for a moment.

          AYEKA:  I think I have it.  I could convene a
family forum.

          SASAMI:  That won't work.  No matter what a forum
decides, the father is the first surety of a marriage trust.

          AYEKA:  (scowling)  I could threaten a divorce.

          SASAMI:  Then he would just order you to marry
again.  You would go back and forth, just making the
situation worse.

          AYEKA:  (groaning)  Well, I was hoping to avoid
this, but it has been in my mind for some time--

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  You mean, your idea about just renouncing
the royal family name?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  It would be my last resort, if matters
came to it.

     BEDROOM

     Sasami ponders for a moment.

          SASAMI:  It might work.  I don't think that that's
what Yosho had in mind, though.  He only abandoned the
family to avoid a conflict with you over the throne.  If you
renounced the family name, you could never succeed to the
throne.  Didn't he promise that Tenchi would take care of
you?

          AYEKA:  Yes, I remember that.

          SASAMI:  Yosho would lose face if you renounced
the family name, wouldn't he?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (frowning)  What does Yosho care about his
honor?  He abandoned the family, remember?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  True, but a promise made to the emperor
is the same as a life-pact.  To break it would mean capital
punishment.

     BEDROOM

          AYEKA:  Yosho can't be held accountable for my
actions.

          SASAMI:  Really?  Didn't he encourage you to marry
Tenchi in the first place?  That fact alone makes him
responsible.  If you renounced the family name and married
Tenchi, he could have Yosho beheaded for it.

          AYEKA:  Father would never do that.  He still
wants to win favor with Yosho, remember?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Yes, but Father could always hold it over
him--and he would always blame you.  Besides which, Yosho
would become the crown prince again.  That could only
outrage the orthodox factions in the Holy Council--which
could lead to a civil war.  There might not even be an
empire left to rule over.  The only way to avoid that would
be for me to fight Yosho over succession.  (grim)  I think
you know who would win such a fight.

     CU. AYEKA

     Lying back down, fretting with annoyance.

          AYEKA:  This is very upsetting, Sasami.  Remind me
not to make you the maid of honor at my wedding--which, I
assure you, will be soon.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  That's okay, Ayeka.  As maid of honor, I
would have to consent to your marriage--and I could be held
legally responsible, if I did.

     BEDROOM

          AYEKA:  So, it's a choice of whether I want my
future husband to fight a duel for my honor or banish my own
sister from the ceremony and risk galactic anarchy.  (sigh)
I have an idea.  I could just become an Earthling and elope
with Tenchi.  That seems like the sensible thing to do.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi would never go along with that.

          AYEKA:  What makes you say that?

          SASAMI:  Because he gave his word to Father, in
accord with Yosho.  He'll want to know whether he can keep
it.  You don't think he'll disappoint Yosho, do you?

     CU. AYEKA

     She pulls the covers over her head.

          AYEKA:  I see why this has been bothering you,
Sasami.  Thank you for sharing.  I shall enjoy reflecting on
this.  Goodnight.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (smug)  Goodnight, Ayeka.  Pleasant
dreams.

FADE OUT

