
Author:   Mike Fenton <mpfenton@hotmail.com>
Title:    AFS #4 (FATAL SILLINESS)
Notes:    Regular (OVA), script format
Summary:  The usual silliness breaks out when Tenchi's away.

[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     An early-morning chill hangs around the lake, as
uniformed figures huddle together.

2    EXT. GRASSY FIELD

     A figure in a traditional kimono and coolie is sitting
in the field, holding a handful of lillies.

     Ryoko appears and floats backward toward the figure,
gazing up at the sky.  She grabs him by the arm and turns
around him a few times, revealing him to be Tenchi.

     Ryoko has a strangely thoughtful expression.

          RYOKO:  Tenchi...  Are you gathering lillies for
me?  Or is there someone prettier than me?

          TENCHI:  (smiling peacefully)  Don't be silly,
Ryoko.  You know there's no one prettier than you.  Of
course, these are for you.

     Ryoko floats up behind him and grabs him around the
waist, taking his hat.  She puts it on herself, then runs
her fingers through his hair.

          RYOKO:  Why are you outside, Tenchi?  It's so
cold.  Come inside and play with me.

          TENCHI:  I'm too tired to play, Ryoko.

          RYOKO:  This early?

          TENCHI:  It's not early, Ryoko.  It's almost
teatime.  (yawning)  Man, am I sleepy.

     Tenchi takes back the hat in exchange for the lillies,
then strolls back toward the house.  Ryoko floats idly for a
few moments, then vanishes.

3    INT. MAIN HALL

     Tenchi is lying on the sofa, quietly napping, as Ryoko
appears and softly sighs.  Washu appears behind her a moment
later, and softly sighs.

          RYOKO:  Washu?  What are you doing here?

          WASHU:  Quiet.  You'll wake him.

     Ryoko is briefly annoyed, then curious.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  What are you doing here?

          WASHU:  (playfully amused)  I'm here to give you
your upgrade.  You have a lot to learn, you know.

4    EXT. WASHU'S LABORATORY

     Washu and Ryoko are standing in Washu's lab.  Washu is
pondering, as Ryoko looks around.

          WASHU:  I've already tried to improve your
artistic view of the universe, and that didn't work.  So, I
think I'll just go back to the basics.  Square one.

          RYOKO:  (absently)  Uh huh.

          WASHU:  I think you could use a little science
lesson.  The basics of chemistry.  Yeah, that's it.

     A small podium and a display appears.  Washu goes and
stands in front of the display, pointing at what appears to
be a table of elements.

          WASHU:  First, we have hydrogen.  The first
element that appears with all three of the original forms of
material--the mass.  (a little irritated)  Are you listening
to me?

          RYOKO:  Yeah...

     Washu is skeptical, but grudgingly accepting.

          WASHU:  Next...

     Ryoko sighs, gently absorbed in the lesson.

          WASHU:  Here's helium.  It balances one
configuration of material with another, thereby making
itself a relatively inert element.  The counterflow between
the dimensions of space and time mediate in the inertial
frame.  Now, the reaction between the dimensions of space
are in direct conflict with the three dimensions of time,
causing a strange singularity in the projected flow of this
element's inertia--yet, it is relatively stable.
(pondering)  This is strange...

          RYOKO:  Huh?  What's wrong?

          WASHU:  For some weird reason, you're actually
listening to what I'm telling you.  Is there something wrong
with you, Little Ryoko?

          RYOKO:  (wistful)  What could be wrong?

5    INT. MAIN HALL

     Ryoko appears again, looking around--as Tenchi is no
longer on the sofa.  The door to the entrance slides open,
and two figures enter.

     Ryoko gasps in shock, and starts to approach, then
stops again, curious.

     Sasami is barely managing to hold Tenchi, and somehow
manages him over to the table, where she sits next to him,
looking at him with great concern.  Tenchi appears very ill.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi...

     Ryoko appears next to Tenchi on the other side, looking
worried.

          RYOKO:  Tenchi?  Sasami, what happened to him?

          SASAMI:  Don't worry, Tenchi.  I'll help you.

     Sasami turns and glares at Ryoko, angrily.

          SASAMI:  You did this to him, didn't you?

          RYOKO:  What?  What did I do?

     Sasami is trembling with anger.

          SASAMI:  You gave him poisoned food, didn't you?
What did you do to him?

     Ryoko is annoyed and a little taken-aback.

          RYOKO:  Nothing!  I swear!

     Tenchi slumps forward on the table.

          SASAMI:  I know what happened.  You convinced him
that you're prettier than I am.  You know that isn't true.
It's killing him.

          RYOKO:  What?  That's ridiculous!  Tenchi!

          SASAMI:  You think I'm just a kid, but you wait
and see!  I'll show all of you!

          RYOKO:  Shut up, you little brat!  Tenchi!  Get
up!  Get up!

     Sasami gasps, then glares at Ryoko venomously.

          SASAMI:  You've killed him!

6    INT. RYOKO'S BEDROOM

     Ryoko wakes up, instantly buried in anxiety.

7    INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Ryoko appears, hovering over a sleeping figure in
Tenchi's bed.  She pulls back on the covers and reveals
Sasami, lying face up.  Sasami hides her eyes for a moment,
then looks up.

          RYOKO:  Sasami?

          SASAMI:  Ryoko?

          RYOKO:  (thoughtful and annoyed)  Where's Tenchi?

8    TITLE:  "EPISODE 4:  FATAL SILLINESS"

9    EXT. NEAR CAVE

     A line of GP troopers heads toward a small cruiser, as
figures in Academy garb and diplomatic uniforms stand
around, talking.  A couple of the figures in Academy clothes
wander off to a small outcropping of rock.  The first figure
sits, as the other looks around briefly.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Have you finished that manifesto?

          SECOND FIGURE:  Yeah.  It was in that first little
decoy I sent out.

          FIRST FIGURE:  So, how was the prison?  Anything
like it was two-hundred years ago?

          SECOND FIGURE:  (snorting)  Those idiots.  I had a
harder time writing that strange declaration than breaking
out.  I wanted to stay a little longer, but I was worried.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Not about the emperor again--

          SECOND FIGURE:  No.  I just thought you said you
were going to work on the manifesto.

          FIRST FIGURE:  I had to do some scouting around in
there.  Those guardians are trickier than I assumed.  We're
dealing with an ancient culture--thousands of years of
accumulated wisdom.  They rival anything I've ever seen.

          SECOND FIGURE:  You always get to have all the
fun, Kardanna.  I should have the chance to search out the
fortress, myself.

          FIRST FIGURE:  You can go right ahead, but you'll
likely get caught.  They aren't taking any chances, lately.
I barely got out ahead of the latest screening.  I had to
steal three uniforms to keep ahead of their snoopers, too.

     The figures look around as a couple of diplomats go
walking by.

          FIRST FIGURE:  I want to get back to the Academy
ship.  I have a few friends waiting.  They're thinking about
handing me over to the Juraian authorities, but I think I
can persuade them to help me out again.

          SECOND FIGURE:  (sighing)  I guess you're right.
Or maybe sitting around in prison has made me go soft.  I
keep thinking this planet is a little too harsh.

          FIRST FIGURE:  You, go soft?  Hytho, I think you
must be joking!

     The first figure gets up, as a huge explosion goes off
at the front of the cave.

          SECOND FIGURE:  What the--?

          FIRST FIGURE:  Stay cool.  I think it's just
those--

     A couple streaks of lightning crack through the air,
narrowly missing the two figures.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Whoa!  That was close!

          FIRST FIGURE:  Yeah.  Let's get going!

     The scene soon becomes like a melee--people running in
all directions as officers yell orders, explosions go off,
ships take off, and dust starts to rise.

     A couple of tall, menacing figures walk straight
through the middle of the dust, holding glowing swords.
They look around, as if searching for a target.

10   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Sasami is sitting up, as Ryoko floats nearby.

          SASAMI:  I'm surprised you didn't remember, Ryoko.
Tenchi left yesterday.

          RYOKO:  Yeah, I remember.  That thing in
Hiroshima.

          SASAMI:  He offered to let us go along, but you
said it was just going to be some excuse to make us do
boring chores again.

          RYOKO:  Yeah, yeah.  I remember.  (folding her
arms)  I'm not even going to ask.

          SASAMI:  (briefly confused)  About what?

          RYOKO:  (annoyed)  You know.

          SASAMI:  (a little embarrassed)  Oh.  I was just
sleeping.

     Ryoko turns and glares at Sasami for a moment, then
flickers and vanishes.

     Ryoko reappears next to the bed, looking down at
Sasami.

          RYOKO:  Where's Mihoshi?  Isn't she mentoring or
something?

          SASAMI:  She's at a conference.

          RYOKO:  What about Ayeka?  She didn't sneak off,
did she?

          SASAMI:  What makes you say that?

          RYOKO:  Well, she doesn't normally let you sleep
in Tenchi's bed, does she?

          SASAMI:  (amused)  Tenchi normally sleeps in it.

     Ryoko looks away, annoyed again.

          RYOKO:  Where's Samantha?

          SASAMI:  She went to Alaska about a month ago.
Don't you remember?  She said she had some reading to catch
up on.

          RYOKO:  (briefly pondering)  So, it's just you and
me?

          SASAMI:  (smiling--very pleasant)  Uh huh...

          RYOKO:  Swell...

     Ryoko rolls her eyes as she vanishes again.

11   EXT. FLOATING ONSEN

12   INT. ONSEN

     Ayeka is relaxing in the pools, as Ryoko appears.
Ryoko looks down at Ayeka and scowls to herself.  She then
sighs deeply and vanishes again.

13   EXT. NEAR CAVE

     The dust has settled, and a few bodies lay here and
there, as the two figures with the swords continue looking
around.

          FIRST FIGURE:  We ought to be allowed to pursue.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Yes.  To a point.  (pointing)
There's a house over there.  Let's finish them slowly, as an
example to the others.

14   INT. MAIN HALL

     Sasami picks up a comic book, just as Ryoko appears.
Ryoko looks around, then floats over to Sasami.

          RYOKO:  Aren't you going to cook something for
breakfast?

          SASAMI:  (wistfully)  I don't feel like it.  Why
don't you cook something?

          RYOKO:  (briefly annoyed)  I don't feel like it,
either.

     Sasami sits and starts to read.  Ryoko sits at the
sofa, and starts to fidget.

          RYOKO:  I can't take this.  I'm going out.

          SASAMI:  Okay...

          RYOKO:  (very nicely)  Sasami, do you have any
money?

     Sasami looks up, briefly pondering, then takes out some
coins.

          SASAMI:  Oh!  I only have five hundred.

     Ryoko sighs deeply again.

          SASAMI:  (brightly)  I could go pawn something.

          RYOKO:  (smiling, very pleased)  Really?

     Sasami giggles, looking down at her comic book again.

          SASAMI:  No, not really.

     Ryoko starts to pout, then appears up on a support
beam.  Sasami looks up and smiles.

          SASAMI:  I'm just kidding, Ryoko.  It's no
problem.

          RYOKO:  Really?  You aren't just toying with me
again?

          SASAMI:  No, really.  Honest.

     Sasami gets up and goes running up the stairs.  Ryoko
floats back down, curiously.

15   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     The two menacing figures are approaching the house.

16   INT. AYEKA'S BEDROOM

     Ryoko appears, just as Sasami puts on a baseball-style
cap.  Sasami looks up at Ryoko, chuckling.  Sasami is
wearing jeans, a T-shirt, a dark cotton jacket, gloves, and
sunglasses.  Ryoko is just wearing her usual outfit.

          SASAMI:  You're not going like that, are you?

          RYOKO:  Why not?

17   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     The figures halt briefly, as they look over the house,
rubbing their chins.  The first figure has his sword on his
shoulder, and the second has it sheathed.

          FIRST FIGURE:  We'll likely find them still
asleep.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Yes.  This is too easy.  Still, we
should be cautious.  Stay on your guard.

18   INT. STAIRWAY

     Ryoko floats down next to Sasami, still curious.

          RYOKO:  What are you going to pawn?

          SASAMI:  I have a lot of little silver figurines.
They're practically worthless on Jurai, but they sell pretty
well here.

          RYOKO:  How much can you get for them?

          SASAMI:  I don't know.  I've never tried to pawn
anything before.

19   INT. MAIN HALL

     Sasami and Ryoko go past Ryoko's room (at the balcony)
toward the front stairway, just as the figures enter the
main room from the kitchen.

          FIRST FIGURE:  What kind of house is this?

          SECOND FIGURE:  It looks like a summer home for a
prince.

          FIRST FIGURE:  A prince living in a warrior's
house?  How could a warrior live like this?

          SECOND FIGURE:  Yes.  This should be easier than I
expected.  The servants of the prince are sometimes softer
than the prince.

20   INT. ENTRANCE

     Sasami reaches for the door, a little uncertain, then
looks back for a moment.  Ryoko hovers above, folding her
arms.

          SASAMI:  Hmm...

          RYOKO:  Forget something?

          SASAMI:  (looking around)  I think I'll just take
this one.

     Sasami picks up a folded umbrella standing near the
door.

          RYOKO:  Yosho left that here?

          SASAMI:  I think so.

          RYOKO:  Must be getting forgetful.

21   INT. RYOKO'S ROOM

     The menacing figures look around, wary.  Comic books
lie scattered on the floor.

          FIRST FIGURE:  What clumsy creatures must live
here.  They just leave their manuscripts lying all around.

          SECOND FIGURE:  What a waste of paper.  My master
would severely reprimand me for this.  I do hope we catch
one of them.

22   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Ayeka enters the front, just as Sasami and Ryoko
approach the gate.

23   INT. ENTRANCE

     Ayeka enters, wearing one towel and drying her hair
with another.

          AYEKA:  (VO)  I wonder why no one is around.  Oh,
well.  Perhaps, Sasami can explain.

24   EXT. NEAR GATE

     Azaka and Kamidake flank the gate, turning to greet
Sasami as she opens it.

          KAMIDAKE:  Good morning, your Highness.

          SASAMI:  Good morning.  (turning)  Good morning,
Azaka.

          AZAKA:  Good morning, Princess Sasami.  Is there
something wrong?

          SASAMI:  What do you mean?

          KAMIDAKE:  Why the sudden quiet?  It seems awfully
peaceful and dull.

          SASAMI:  Oh.  It's probably just the approaching
storm.  Gotta stay warm, you know.

          AZAKA:  You won't be out in the storm, will you,
Princess?

          SASAMI:  No.  I won't be gone that long.  It's not
that far.

          KAMIDAKE:  We would gladly escort you, your
Highness.

     Sasami chuckles, turning to leave.

          SASAMI:  It's okay.  I've already got an escort.
I'll be fine.  Just take care of Ayeka, okay?

          AZAKA:  You can count on us, Princess.

          SASAMI:  Okay, thanks!  Bye!

          KAMIDAKE:  Have a nice trip, your Highness.

     Kamidake turns to Azaka, as the gate closes.

          KAMIDAKE:  What a thoughtful child, Azaka.

          AZAKA:  Yes.  It's a constant pleasure to look
after these thoughtful ones.

25   INT. SECOND FLOOR BALCONY

     Ayeka is just reaching the second floor, as the
menacing figures emerge from Ryoko's room and spot her.

          FIRST FIGURE:  There's one!

          SECOND FIGURE:  Oh, forget it.  It's just a woman.
Let's keep looking.

     Ayeka looks around at them, a little alarmed.

          AYEKA:  You there!  What are you doing here?!

     The two figures look up the east set of stairs,
somewhat curiously, as Ayeka approaches.

          AYEKA:  I demand to know who you are!  This is a
private residence.

          FIRST FIGURE:  (to the second)  The man is
probably on the next floor.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Three floors!  How reckless.
Don't these people realize--?

          AYEKA:  Unless you care to be treated severely, I
suggest you two answer me.

     The first figure is a little annoyed, turning to glare
at Ayeka.

     The second figure frowns, a little impatient.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Young woman, I suggest you go cook
something or make some tea.  We'll be hungry and thirsty
after we finish with your degenerate husband.  Go on along.
We won't hurt a helpless female.

     Ayeka snarls with rage.

          AYEKA:  Helpless female!  I'll have you know that
I am Crown Princess of Jurai, next in line to the throne and
Jurai's well-worthy future empress!  You two foul creatures
will kneel at my feet and beg forgiveness, or I will
personally give you a lesson you will never forget!

     The second figure is briefly confused, then frowns
darkly.

     The first figure immediately brandishes his sword,
grimacing in anger.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Juraian!  I knew it!  Those
pathetic scum have come back.

     The two figures make a fierce oath and lunge after
Ayeka, who appears a little flustered.

          AYEKA:  Oh my!  And here I am without my battle
armor.

26   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     The house looks very calm, as Azaka and Kamidake slowly
float up to the entrance.

27   EXT. NARROW PATH

     A narrow dirt path through the woods.  Sasami is
happily walking along, as Ryoko appears, floating next to
her.

          RYOKO:  What are you so happy about?

          SASAMI:  Nothing.

28   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka is sitting behind the sofa, mussed and panting,
managing to hold onto one towel, as Azaka and Kamidake
enter.

          AZAKA:  Princess Ayeka, are you all right?

          AYEKA:  Azaka!  Find those two intruders and put
them to death, immediately!  Kamidake, go find my sister,
and make sure she is out of harm's way.

     Azaka floats up to the second floor and disappears up
the stairs.

          KAMIDAKE:  Princess Ayeka.  We just saw the
princess Sasami leave the grounds not more than a minute
ago.

          AYEKA:  Sasami has gone into town?  Then, go help
Azaka.  Hurry up, before they escape!

29   EXT. WOODS

     The two figures are standing among trees in the forest,
looking around, warily.

          SECOND FIGURE:  That princess moves a lot faster
than I thought she would.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Surprising, yes.  I think we should
go back for her as soon as we finish with these guardians.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Let's get to higher ground.  Wise
up, then take it from there.

30   EXT. INTERSECTION

     The path through the woods finds the edge of a gravel
road.  Sasami looks carefully down the road one way, just as
a light rain begins to fall.  She then opens the umbrella,
continuing down the side of the road.

31   EXT. ROAD

     Sasami walks for a few moments, then stops and looks
around.

          SASAMI:  Ryoko?

     Ryoko appears a moment later, looking around
apprehensively, then stands next to Sasami, resigned.

          RYOKO:  Damn weather.

          SASAMI:  (innocently)  You can't tell someone to
just turn it off?

          RYOKO:  You know I don't get along with people
like that--and, anyway, I already told you.  They don't have
a way of doing that on this planet.

     Sasami chuckles and continues walking down the side of
the road, as a car goes by.

32   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka returns in her battle outfit, descending the
stairs, as Kamidake and Azaka go to the foot of the stairs.

          KAMIDAKE:  The intruders have escaped, your
Highness.

          AYEKA:  Escaped?

          AZAKA:  We couldn't find any sign of them in the
house.

     Ayeka yanks on some scary-looking gauntlets and smirks.

          AYEKA:  It's just as well, perhaps.  I shall deal
with those cretins, myself.  They're probably searching for
a vantage point, but they'll return.

33   EXT. SPACE

     A small cruiser docks with the Academy research
vessel/battleship.

34   INT. DOCKING BAY

     Several small cruisers line the bulkheads of a huge
metallic room, lined with grids in the floor, glowing tubes
along the walls and directional signs next to each of the
cruisers.

     A large crowd is gathering around the robed forms of
Kardanna and Hytho, as Hytho gestures.

          HYTHO:  I thought you said we'd be undetected.

          KARDANNA:  You make it sound so easy.

          HYTHO:  You think it's time we showed them that
manifesto?

          KARDANNA:  Yes.  Now might be a good time.

35   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Yosho is standing at the front, sipping tea as the rain
starts to pour.  The two menacing figures approach.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Look!  There's another one.

          SECOND FIGURE:  An old man?  We'd be laughed at if
we returned with an old man.

          FIRST FIGURE:  I'm not sure how, but I think he's
tougher than he looks.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Okay, but let me handle him.

     Yosho sees the two figures and turns to address them.

          YOSHO:  You must be guardians of the ancient
fortress.

     The figures stop at the base of the steps, a little
hesitant.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Yeah.  What makes you say that?

     Yosho considers, rubbing his chin for a moment.

          YOSHO:  Well, you dress like monks, but you openly
carry weapons.  You have the manner of scholars, but you
walk like soldiers.  Then there is the matter of where you
are.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Which is?

     Setting the tea aside and brandishing an ordinary-
looking staff.

          YOSHO:  This is a shrine.  Only servants and
supplicants are welcome here.  If you will not leave
peacefully, then you will leave with bruises on your backs.

     The three figures stand for a few moments, considering,
as Yosho continues to hold his staff in a defensive
position.

36   EXT. ROAD

     Sasami and Ryoko are walking along the side of the
road.  Ryoko is leaning to stay under the umbrella.  A
swirling wind picks up and hits Ryoko with a bit of rain in
the face.  She frowns and wipes her face, scowling at
Sasami.

          RYOKO:  (gesturing)  Let me have that.

     Ryoko takes the umbrella and holds it up.

          SASAMI:  (chuckling)  This is weird.

          RYOKO:  (perplexed)  What do you mean?

          SASAMI:  Come on, Ryoko.  Why didn't you go with
Tenchi to Hiroshima?  Tenchi was practically begging us to
go.

          RYOKO:  Why didn't you?

     Sasami briefly pauses as a car goes by.

          SASAMI:  I can't go if Ayeka won't go.

          RYOKO:  Why not?  You don't have to go everywhere
she does.

          SASAMI:  No, but she was pretty upset.  I can't
just leave when she's like that.

          RYOKO:  What was she upset about?

          SASAMI:  I don't know.  I thought it was something
to do with you.

          RYOKO:  (wistful)  Tenchi's an idiot.

     Sasami looks up, a little nonplussed.

          RYOKO:  But don't you dare tell him I said that.
He's really sweet, but he's really starting to get on my
nerves.

          SASAMI:  You wanted Ayeka to be alone with him?

          RYOKO:  No.  I wanted her to change her mind at
the last minute.

          SASAMI:  Ayeka can be pretty stubborn, Ryoko.

          RYOKO:  Gullible is more like it.  She still
thinks Mihoshi was lying about having kissed Tenchi.

          SASAMI:  She wasn't?

          RYOKO:  She's not smart enough to make up
something like that.  I'm just lucky I came up with a story
that sounded better.

37   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Yosho stands, soaking wet, still holding his staff in a
defensive position, watching the guardians run away.  He
briefly nods to himself and then returns to the doorway.

     Azaka and Kamidake appear a moment later, approaching
the shrine.

          YOSHO:  (gesturing)  They went that way.

38   INT. DOCKING BAY

     Kardanna and Hytho are standing near two other figures
--both in the Academy garb of professors.  They are looking
at a scroll of paper, slowly turning pale.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Don't tell me there's more than one
of these...

          HYTHO:  I sent out thirty-seven copies.

          KARDANNA:  One for every member of the alliance.

          SECOND FIGURE:  (softly)  Hells bells!

39   EXT. ROAD

     The road turns to pavement as the edge of town comes
into view.  A string of houses lead up to business
buildings.  A fence goes down the front yards of the houses.
Beyond the businesses is the edge of a market square.

     Sasami and Ryoko walk up the side of the road, as a
pedestrian walks by and a few others on bicycles go by.
Sasami takes off her sunglasses and puts them in a jacket
pocket.

          RYOKO:  You know where we're going?

          SASAMI:  Yeah.  (looking around)  I think it's
starting to let up.

     Sasami takes the umbrella again and folds it up.

          SASAMI:  I think we might miss the storm.

          RYOKO:  Not with our luck.

          SASAMI:  Ryoko, why are you always so cynical?

          RYOKO:  It's not me, Sasami.  It's life.

          SASAMI:  (frowning, a little imperious)  Don't be
silly.  What could possibly be so bad?

          RYOKO:  Easy for you to say.

          SASAMI:  It's true.  Look, we have no breakfast
and no money, and we've gone into town just to eat.  Right?

          RYOKO:  Right.

     Sasami stops, putting the umbrella over her shoulder.

          SASAMI:  Well, we didn't really have to, but we
could have just said it was all bad luck.  But it's not.

          RYOKO:  It's not?

     Sasami sighs deeply, starting to walk again.

          SASAMI:  We didn't get hit by lightning?

          RYOKO:  No.

          SASAMI:  No floods, no fires, no tornado?

          RYOKO:  No.

          SASAMI:  So, we had a little rain.  No big deal.
We had a nice little talk.

          RYOKO:  (scowling)  Yeah, I hate it when that
happens.

40   EXT. SHRINE STEPS

     The two menacing figures halt just short of Ayeka, who
is now dressed in full gear, wearing something resembling a
samurai sword--sheathed and ready.

          AYEKA:  If you still choose to fight me,
(gesturing)  I'll be over in that clearing.  I suggest you
pray to whatever gods you prefer, first.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Your gods are those of warfare.
Even your priest has fought us.

          SECOND FIGURE:  You don't threaten us.  Call off
your guardians, and I'll fight you myself.

41   EXT. MARKET SQUARE

     Ryoko is counting some bills as Sasami picks out some
items from a display.

          RYOKO:  Thirty, thirty-five, forty...  Damn.  I
think there's nearly forty-five thousand here.

          SASAMI:  That's all?  I thought they were worth a
lot more than that.

          RYOKO:  (very sweetly)  Sasami, darling, you mind
if I spend some of this?

          SASAMI:  (sighing)  It's okay, Ryoko, but don't
buy more than you'll need today.

          RYOKO:  (smiling)  I travel light, Sasami.  You
know that.

     Sasami shakes out the umbrella, holding out a hand.

          SASAMI:  Give me ten, first.  Oh, and don't forget
some cooking sake.  I think we're just about out.

42   EXT. NEARBY CLEARING

     Ayeka stands, calmly holding her sword drawn--point
down, as the second figure holds out his sword in a somewhat
aggressive posture.  Ayeka is perfectly still, calmly looking
down as her opponent simply stares back.

     Yosho and Ryo-Ohki stand nearby, flanked by Azaka and
Kamidake.  Yosho looks at Ayeka, then turns to the first
figure.

          YOSHO:  So, you have decided to fight openly, eh?

          FIRST FIGURE:  We know our duty, even if you
Juraians easily forget.

          YOSHO:  This is very foolish.

          FIRST FIGURE:  You think I insult you?  I merely
stated a fact.

          YOSHO:  No, you misunderstand.  I mean, the
princess.  She will beat you, you know.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Talk, talk.  We'll see who wins.

     Yosho frowns and turns to leave.

          YOSHO:  You don't stand a chance.

     Yosho strolls away, as the others continue to watch.

     The second figure and Ayeka both lunge at each other,
Ayeka's sword moving in barely a blink of an eye.  They
carry past each other for a moment, and the figure falls.

     Ayeka calmly wipes her sword and returns it to her
sheath, not bothering to even look back.  She approaches the
first figure.

          AYEKA:  I submit that you tell your friends how
easily I can defeat you.  If not, then may the wrath of the
gods curse you all.  I will not be so swayed to capriciously
slaughter all you children.

     She strolls back toward the house along with the
guardians, as the first figure goes to examine the second,
and Ryo-Ohki continues to watch them in amazement.

43   EXT. PARK

     A short path looks out over a clearing of grass.  The
path curves in and out of a section of forest.  At the edge
of the path is a bench.  Sasami and Ryoko are sitting at the
bench, eating out of small, paper dishes, watching children
play in the clearing.

          RYOKO:  (gesturing)  Look at this.

          SASAMI:  What?

          RYOKO:  This chopstick is shorter than this one.
I think it's a little fatter, too.

     Sasami chuckles softly to herself, as Ryoko goes back
to her food.

          SASAMI:  You like it?

          RYOKO:  Yeah.

          SASAMI:  I picked it out from the aroma.

          RYOKO:  (looking up)  Isn't there supposed to be a
storm?  Stupid sunshine.

          SASAMI:  Oh yeah, I completely forgot.

     Sasami puts her sunglasses back on.

          RYOKO:  Don't get the wrong idea, but this is
really nice.

          SASAMI:  Yeah?

          RYOKO:  (softly)  Yeah.  Thanks.

     Sasami is briefly astonished, then smiles nicely.

          SASAMI:  Forget about it.

     Ryoko looks up, somewhat sullen.

44   EXT. JURAIAN PALACE

     Ryoko cackles, her red eyes flashing as a huge Juraian
battleship crashes into the palace.

45   EXT. PARK

     Sasami turns and watches as some cops start to chase
the children.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  Ryoko, what's the matter?

          FIRST COP:  Can't you kids read?  Stay off the grass!

          RYOKO:  (wistful)  It's nothing.  You're just
being so nice to me.

46   EXT. ROYAL NURSERY

     Little Sasami tumbles and falls as the platform
trembles.

47   EXT. PARK

     Sasami glances around, and looks down, a little
overwhelmed.

          SASAMI:  Think nothing of it.

     A couple of the children start taunting the cops, then
go running off.

48   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Ayeka leans up against the door, holding her right
shoulder in her left hand.

     Ayeka sighs as she sees blood on her hand.  Azaka and
Kamidake appear, hovering nearby.

          KAMIDAKE:  Your Highness, you're wounded!

          AYEKA:  It's just a scratch.

          AZAKA:  But, your Highness--

          AYEKA:  (a little irritated)  I'll live.

49   EXT. PARK

     Ryoko flinches in pain and grabs her right hand.

          SASAMI:  Ryoko--

          RYOKO:  I'm fine.

     Ryoko suddenly bursts into tears.  Sasami gapes in
astonishment.

          RYOKO:  (strained)  Just a damn sliver.  Stupid
chopsticks!

     Sasami gasps as Ryoko continues weeping.  Sasami sighs,
unsure for a moment, then hugs Ryoko.

          SASAMI:  I'll get you another one, Ryoko.  I'll
make sure I get good chopsticks, too.

50   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka looks around for a moment, then rolls her eyes
and goes to the stairs.

51   EXT. NEAR GATE

     Azaka and Kamidake stand near the gate, watching as the
menacing figure returns with the other figure, slung over
his shoulder.

          AZAKA:  That was a nice little adventure.  And all
before teatime.

          KAMIDAKE:  Yes.  It's nice to see a little action
every now and then.

52   EXT. PATH

     Sasami is walking alone down the path toward the gate,
she takes out her umbrella, just as a little snow begins to
fall.

     The guardians approach her, tilting in salute.

          SASAMI:  Anything happen while I was gone?

          KAMIDAKE:  Nothing we couldn't handle, your
Highness.

          AZAKA:  You can count on us, and don't worry about
your sister so much.

          SASAMI:  (smiling)  Thank you, Azaka--Kamidake.

53   INT. MAIN HALL

     The snow is falling fairly heavy as Sasami enters from
the kitchen, still wearing her cap.  Ayeka turns, sitting at
the sofa, and stands.

          AYEKA:  Sasami!  Where have you been all morning?

          SASAMI:  Oh, Ayeka!  I just went into town for
breakfast.

          AYEKA:  And you got nothing for me?

          SASAMI:  (a little embarrassed)  Oh my god!  I'm
sorry, Ayeka.  I completely forgot.  I'll fix something
right away.

          AYEKA:  (frowning, annoyed)  A fine sister you
are.  I'm defending the house by myself, and you're stuffing
your face in town.

     Ryoko appears, hovering right behind Ayeka, looking
amused, as Sasami disappears into the kitchen again.

          RYOKO:  Give her a break, Ayeka.  It was my idea
to go into town.

          AYEKA:  (annoyed)  Oh!  I should have known.

     Ayeka returns to the sofa in a huff.  She picks up a
book and starts reading it.  Ryoko appears next to her,
looking over her shoulder.

          RYOKO:  What are you reading?

          AYEKA:  What do you care?

          RYOKO:  Hey, I'm just asking!  Geez!

     Ryoko floats up to the support beam again, pouting.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  I can't believe you two are
related to my Tenchi.

54   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     A light layer of snow hides the ground under the night
sky.  A few figures in monks' robes approach the front door.

55   INT. ENTRANCE

     Mihoshi answers the door, just as Ayeka appears.

          MIHOSHI:  Yes?

     The first figure bows and introduces himself.

          FIRST FIGURE:  My name is Jaithepios.  I am a
minister of an old monastery from the nearby fortress.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!

     Ayeka approaches, suspicious.

          AYEKA:  Are you here about the attack that
occurred, earlier today?

          FIRST FIGURE:  Yes.

          AYEKA:  Would you care to come in?

          FIRST FIGURE:  No.  I am just a messenger.  I was
told that I might find a Juraian princess.

          AYEKA:  That's me.  What do you have to say?

          FIRST FIGURE:  (bowing again)  Honored one, I have
just received word from my councils that they are quite
upset.  They bear no anger toward you or the priest, but
only desire your indulgence--asking your pardon for what
transpired, earlier today.  In light of your skill in arms,
they entreat that you show pity on our guardians.  They
acted in haste, and without the approval of our people.

     Ayeka carefully considers, as Mihoshi looks a little
disbelieving.

          MIHOSHI:  How many people live in that fortress?

          AYEKA:  Mihoshi.  It is a little impertinent to
ask such things.

          FIRST FIGURE:  It is no trouble at all, Princess.
We have few in number, but I can assure you that we are
thousands.  We take care not to intrude on each other's
territory, so we have our own diplomats--but when diplomacy
fails, we of the monastery will often go in their place.  It
is an old custom.

     Ayeka smiles in understanding.

          AYEKA:  Yes.  We Juraians have similar customs.
You must be aware of what the guardians were thinking, and
what they were planning to do.  For that, I can only assure
you that such incursions will not be tolerated.  As long as
your guardians propose no proudful venturing, I will allow
their passage.  There is nothing else to discuss.

     The first figure bows again, as Ayeka makes a casual
exit.

          MIHOSHI:  Skill in arms?  Ayeka actually fought
one of the guardians?

          FIRST FIGURE:  Yes.  I just heard about it myself.
It was most impressive.  You can come visit sometime, and I
can tell you all about it.

          MIHOSHI:  I can leave right away.  Let me get a
coat.

56   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Morning light shines down on snow-covered trees.

57   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka pleasantly greets Tenchi as he enters.

          TENCHI:  Oh, good morning, Ayeka.

          AYEKA:  Good morning, Lord Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  I hope nothing bad happpened while I was
away.

     Sasami enters, instantly delighted, accompanied by Ryo-
Ohki--who meows in greeting.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi!  It's good to see you again.

          TENCHI:  Hey there, Sasami.  Ryo-Ohki!

     Ryoko appears, looking a little sullen.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko.  Good morning.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  Good morning.

          TENCHI:  (playfully amused)  Hey, Ryoko.  Why so
gloomy?  Anything wrong?

     Ryoko floats backwards toward the table.

          RYOKO:  What could be wrong?  Hey, Sasami.
Where's breakfast?

     Sasami sighs deeply.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  Same old Ryoko.

58   EXT. SPACE

     A Galaxy Police cruiser heads toward a small space
station.

59   INT. BRIG

     Kardanna and Hytho are sitting in a holding cell.

          HYTHO:  We can't break out.

          KARDANNA:  I know.

          HYTHO:  We can't let them hand us over to the
rangers.

          KARDANNA:  I know.  I know.  Let me think.

     Kardanna ponders as Hytho paces.

          HYTHO:  It looks bad.  I bust out in time to meet
up with you, and several of their cops end up dead.  They'll
probably blame us, you know.

     Kardanna frowns, rubbing his chin.

          HYTHO:  We've managed to anger the few friends we
have.  Then, when it looks like we might get away clear, you
give them that damn manifesto.  I'm not even sure what good
you're hoping that'll do.

     Kardanna looks up, amused.

          KARDANNA:  You still have the original?

     Hytho looks around, a little uncertain.

          KARDANNA:  Don't worry about them.  If the Galaxy
Police had a copy of the Fate Stone, they'd probably use it
in a company barbecue.  Let me see how it turned out.

     Hytho takes out a roll of paper and hands it to
Kardanna.

          KARDANNA:  I like this first line.  'Oh, woe is
Jurai!  The fisher has his nets and the donkey has his
wheel--but you, Jurai, have nothing but words.  The blind
man with his guiding stick can avoid trouble, but thou art
surely doomed.'  Your writing is getting a lot better.

          HYTHO:  Come on, Kardanna!  What's going on, here?

     Kardanna chuckles and stands, reassuring Hytho.

          KARDANNA:  What better way to avoid trouble than
to predict doom and gloom for Jurai?

          HYTHO:  You can't be serious.

          KARDANNA:  Think about it.  Anyone in nobility
will know that we wrote this, but when this gets down to the
working classes and even the general academics, they won't
help but see this the way we do.  It is as close to the
truth as possible, right?

          HYTHO:  In a manner of speaking.

     Kardanna grins, folding his arms.

          KARDANNA:  Anyway, you're wrong about not being
able to break out.

          HYTHO:  I know.  I'm just acting for the cameras.

          KARDANNA:  So am I.

60   INT. MAIN HALL

     Tenchi and Noboyuki are still having breakfast, as
Yosho enters and Ryoko leaves.  Sasami and Ayeka sit at the
other end, finishing up their soup.

          TENCHI:  Hey, Grandpa.

          YOSHO:  Hello, Tenchi.  (to Noboyuki)  Well, Son,
you have a nice trip?

          NOBOYUKI:  It was great.  We got finished early so
I took Tenchi out to the Mi-sen at the Itsuku-shima.  You
should have seen your Grandson.  His eyes were like this!

     Noboyuki pantomimes huge eyes with his hands, and Yosho
laughs, as Tenchi scratches his head, nervously.

          TENCHI:  Come on, Dad.  I wasn't like that.  It
was very pretty, though.

          YOSHO:  Sounds like you had a lot of fun.

          TENCHI:  Oh, yeah.

          NOBOYUKI:  Hey, you know, it's too bad you girls
missed out.  Tenchi never explained why you girls stayed
behind.

     Tenchi swallows nervously.

          AYEKA:  Some of us can control ourselves, you
know.  We don't just leap at any old opportunity.

          SASAMI:  Ayeka, don't start an argument, please.

          AYEKA:  Why shouldn't I?  If Lord Tenchi loves
Mihoshi or someone else more than me, then why should I get
in their way?

     Ryoko appears, laughing.

          RYOKO:  Hey, Tenchi.  You should have told us how
you felt about Mihoshi!

     Tenchi frowns, a little upset.

          NOBOYUKI:  (to Tenchi)  I thought you said she
kissed you.

          TENCHI:  That's what happened--as far as I can
remember--but I don't think anyone believes me.

          AYEKA:  Where is that empty-headed tramp, anyway?

     Yosho clears his throat, just as Mihoshi opens the
entrance-side door.

          MIHOSHI:  Morning, everybody!  Tenchi!

     Ayeka gets up, still a little flustered.  She goes to
the kitchen, looking a little stiff.

          RYOKO:  Hey, Tenchi, don't you feel bad?  You've
gone and made Ayeka jealous!

          TENCHI:  What?

          RYOKO:  Shame on you, Tenchi!  Why did you kiss
Mihoshi, anyway?

     Tenchi covers his face as the others look at him with
sympathy--Mihoshi briefly confused, then chuckling
nervously.

          SASAMI:  Come on, Ryoko.  We've all done things we
aren't proud of.  Give Tenchi a break.

     Sasami winks at Ryoko, and Ryoko grins.

          NOBOYUKI:  Welcome home, Son.

          TENCHI:  (muffled)  Thanks, Dad.

THE END

