I Don't Own Tenchi, Pioneer Does.
Previously: Tenchi returned home and started going to school. Ayeka, Martel and Ryoko  
followed him and are now students. And Tenchi met a new enemy, Jericho.
TMFFA Forever!!


Tenchi Muyo
Dreams Within Dreams
Episode 06
Breaking Down the Walls of Jericho
By Nexodus




"Behold the walls of Jericho! Uh, maybe not as thick as the ones that Joshua blew down with  
his trumpet, but a lot safer. You see, uh, I have no trumpet."

							It happened one Night


	The Bell rang for lunch and Tenchi bolted from the room. He had never been so  
spooked in his life. Somebody he didn't know anything about knew everything about him. He  
knew what he had to do; he had to tell the others.  
Jericho still sat at his desk when Tenchi jumped up any left. Watching the young princes  
every move. Jericho knew that this was going to be very easy, so he decided to have a little fun  
with his target. Its not normal that he's sent to kill a member of a royal family, in fact this was the  
first. He wanted it to be special. But first, he needed to know even more about Tenchi. Ryoko  
was another matter. He didn't normally kill women. It just wasn't his thing. But this was an  
exception. She was the pirate who obliterated his home and all his dreams oh so many years  
ago. This wasn't about many. This was about revenge. Jericho sat up from his desk and made  
his way through the door. The hall was now empty, now that all the students are either in their  
classrooms or outside, eating lunch. Jericho had to act quickly, but slowly. Tenchi already knew  
who he was. Maybe it was a mistake to taunght him so early. It didn't matter anyway. Jericho  
reached into his pocket and pulled out a pen. To the naked eye, it would be a pen, but to the  
few who knew, it was an extractor. He needed a change of identity.  
A couple of students from Tenchi's class were walking down the hall and they noticed  
Jericho. One of them, Kenichi Yoshi walked over to him. Kenichi decided to be nice to the new  
guy on campus. "Hey." Kenichi began. Jericho took notice. "Your Jericho right?" Jericho just  
smiled.
"Yeah, that's right." He said. The two talked for a few minutes until Jericho came up  
with a strange question. "Hey, I got a question for you. Is the tip of this pen a little to sharp."  
Jericho handed the pen to Kenichi, who proceeded to glide his right thumb over the tip slightly.  
It was enough to make a small cut.
	"OW! Damnit." Kenichi said, dropping the pen and grabbing his thumb. Jericho picked  
the pen up and put the cap on it.  
"Sorry about that." He began. "I guess it is sharp. Go get your finger looked at."  
Kenichi nodded and swiftly made his way to the nurse's office. Jericho flipped the pen in the air  
and began to walk away as it landed in his palm.

Washu sat diligently in her lab. Something had been bothering her for the last couple of  
months and it was Ryoko. Because of the tests she was running on Tsunami, Darla and Sasami,  
she hadn't had a chance to scan Ryoko. A vision kept sweeping through her mind like a  
locomotive. Ryoko generated Light Hawk Wings. Washu knew it was because of both  
Ryoko's feelings and Ryoko's gems.  
Washu remembered the gems mostly because she didn't make them. The Gems where  
invented by Dr. Amaro Citan, a brilliant scientist who went about trying to copy Jurai power  
into little gems. It was a total success thanks to Citans assistant, Kagato. Kagato then killed  
Amaro Citan and placed the gems into Ryoko.  
What Washu didn't figure out was that Ryoko can't even control her gems properly,  
but the first time Kagato attacked the Masaki shrine, he could control their every spectral  
amount of energy. He could also control Tsunami with the gems. And if he could do that,  
Washu shuddered at the thought of what other capabilities Kagato had with the gems. What if  
he could've been able to replicate them? What if he did? Washu let go of the subject and  
decided to continue her data analysis on the two tree goddesses.

"So this Jericho can talk to us telepathically? Ayeka asked. Tenchi nodded. The gang  
regrouped in the school courtyard, talking about the new student. Ryoko didn't know whom  
this Jericho guy was, but there was no way she was going to let him get one step close to her  
Tenchi, this she swore. Ryoko just got Tenchi back and she didn't want him gone ever again.  
Martel sat silently as the girls and Tenchi conversated. He knew he heard the name  
Jericho before. He couldn't place it but he was sure he knew that name from his past. Martel  
silently scanned the list of assassins and criminals that he recalled. He thought about Vegis  
Argel, also known as the bag man. He thought about Kagato, Nagi, and Dr. Clay, but he  
couldn't trace Jericho. Martel shook his head and it caught Ayeka's attention. "What's wrong  
Martel?" The Jurain Princess asked. Martel looked up at Ayeka.
"Something's not right." He began. "I've heard the name Jericho before, but I can't  
place it. Its driving me nuts." Ryoko folded her arms.
"Well whoever he is, he better watchout." She said in a triumphant voice.
Jericho watched his targets converse with a couple others from his perch on the school  
roof. He couldn't tell but they looked like one of the leaders of the Royal Hunters and one of  
the Princesses of Jurai. It didn't matter to him, they weren't his targets. Jericho kept his eyes  
directly on the Pirate Ryoko. No matter what he did, he couldn't get his eyes off of her. They  
were magnetized.  
Jericho knew why he watched her from afar. 700 years ago, Ryoko ravaged his  
Homeland of Jurai. Jericho lived there at the time when she attached. In a selfish act, his parents  
let him go to save their own skins. That event was the reason the Jericho never trusted a living  
thing again. He became an assassin that wields a double bladed Juraian Key Sword. He loved  
the weapon because it made him feel clean and invincible.  
	Jericho took his special pen out of his pocket and jammed it into his chest, letting the  
pen do its work. The pen was Jericho's special tool that allowed him to copy the physical  
features and memories of those who let their blood spill on its tip. In a flash, Jericho saw through  
the life of Kenichi Yoshi, his latest mask. This would allow Jericho to get even closer to his  
targets.  Jericho looked over his orders one more time. He needed to eliminate Tenchi and  
Seduce and Eliminate Ryoko. Jericho looked over at the four. He noticed that both his targets  
were sitting very, very close to one another. That was his opening. Jericho, knowing what he  
had to do now, walked back into the school.

Tsunami sat on the edge of the deck of the Masaki house hold. In her lap was a fuzzy  
brown little cabbit named Ryo-Oki. Tsunami was paying attention to the winds that swept over  
the lake and the leaves as they began to fall. Tsunami loved the scene she was seeing, but  
something still wasn't right. The goddess felt a slight disturbance, as if something bad was going  
to happen very soon. But that was only half of her worries.  
Earlier in the day, Washu had spoken to the goddess and the little princess Sasami  
about her latest conclusion to their separation. Tsunami didn't have long to live. She was only  
separated temporarily. When she would leave, Sasami would again be the destined Tsunami.  
The goddess brought her hand to her heart to hear her heart beat. She didn't want to give up life  
after she had experienced the joy. A small tear came down her cheek as Ryo-Oki looked up at  
her with a questioning meow. Tsunami just smiled and held the Cabbit to her lap, petting its fur.  
Washu said she didn't have an exact date of when it would happen. She could die  
tomorrow or perhaps in ten years. Tsunami didn't want to die yet, but the goddess still didn't  
know what to do. Perhaps the answers would come to her in a matter of days.

Jericho, or Kenichi Yoshi, walked down the hall almost silently. He held his brief case in  
his left hand and his "Special Pen" in the other, hoping to see Tenchi. According to Kenichi's  
memory's, Tenchi always walked down the south hallway, second floor, at around 3:00, on his  
way to his locker.  
This would be perfect. Jericho looked at his watch. It was two till 3. Perfect. All Jericho  
needed was a blood sample and then he could finish the mission. And then, He spotted his  
target. Tenchi was right on time. Jericho wondered where the others could've been, but it didn't  
matter. He took the cap off the pen and began to walk over to Tenchi. He angled himself to  
make everything look like an accident.  
When they reached each other, Jericho slide the sharp end into Tenchi's left hand,  
causing a cut. "Ow!" Tenchi exclaimed as he grabbed his hand, applying pressure to the cut.  
Tenchi looked over at what he thought was Kenichi. "Be more careful with that thing Kenichi."  
Tenchi said. Jericho lowered his head.
"Sorry about that Tenchi." He began. "You should go to the Nurse right away. I'll go  
tell your friends that you're there, ok?" Tenchi nodded his head at Jericho.  
"Thanks Kenichi." And with that, Tenchi made his way to the Nurse's office. Jericho  
smiled as he capped the pen. He began to walk away when he turned to look back at Tenchi,  
who had just started going down to the first floor.
"Gotcha." Jericho silently muttered. Jericho continued to walk, but not towards where  
Tenchi's friends were, but to the bathroom where he could gain a new knowledge and a new  
face.

Ayeka sat with her arms folded, wandering what was taking Tenchi so long to meet  
them, as were Ryoko and Martel were thinking the same thing. Ayeka's mind had been going in  
full cycle ever since the day Kagato kidnapped Tenchi and Sasami. Her mind was moving as  
fast as a bullet train. On one hand, she had her normal life back the way it was. She was going  
to school and is also the princess of Jurai. But something just doesn't fit right in the mind of the  
princess.  
First there was Tenchi. A boy she had met and had fallen in love with who also turned  
out to be the crown prince of Jurai. But is the part about the love real. She thought it was, but  
when Martel showed up, she questioned that love. Martel had kindly given Ayeka a Shoulder to  
cry on when she felt sad. Sure Tenchi has done that, but it didn't feel as good as it was from  
Martel. Martel was smart and brave, good qualities for a future emperor of Jurai, but Martel is  
not of noble blood.  
There was also the possibility that her claim on Tenchi had just been a way to spark up  
her feud with Ryoko, knowing full well that Ryoko has feelings for Tenchi.
"Hey, I'm here." Tenchi called out from the distance, tearing Ayeka's thoughts from her  
feelings toward Tenchi. Martel quickly spoke up.
"Where the hell were you?" Martel yelled. Tenchi smiled back.
"Hey, I had to take care of a call to nature." Tenchi said. Ryoko almost laughed at  
Tenchi's remark. It was supprising to hear his come up with something witty.
"Well then." Ayeka began. "Shall we get going?" The others nodded and began to  
follow Ayeka towards the bus. But for some reason that disturbed Ayeka, Tenchi made a smile  
that just didn't look right. It looked almost sadistic.

Tenchi watched from the Nurses Office. He couldn't believe his eyes as he saw what  
had just happened. It looked like Tenchi, but it wasn't. Tenchi got up and began to run as fast  
as he could towards the Schools front gate. If he didn't hurry, the bus would leave, and so  
would the imposter with all his friends. Tenchi sprinted as fast as he could. Hearing people shout  
no running in the halls and other things as he sped past.  
Tenchi made it to the front gate of the school, but he was to late. He just stared at the  
bus as it left, carrying an Assassin. Tenchi Began to jog, knowing that it would take him four  
hours before he would get home. But first he needed to get to a payphone.

Washu sat in her lab, typing at a decent pace. She had just finished finalizing data she  
took from Ryoko a couple of days ago about Ryoko's Light Hawk Wings. Six wings with the  
powers to enhance speed, strength, agility, Energy, lifespan, and Intelligence. Thanks to  
Ryoko's Jems, Washu was able to study the wings more. She discovered each wing has a  
different power. Tenchi's wings are Lifespan, Speed, and Agility. Washu can tell them apart  
from design markings.
Washu watched the data fly past her eyes, not believing that the wings are more  
powerful then Nuclear Atoms. But Washu's concentration was interrupted by her intruder  
alarm. She turned the monitor on and saw Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka and Martel enter the house.  
This wasn't right, Washu thought. She rewound the videodisc and watched the four enter the  
house. First Ryoko and no alarm. Then Ayeka and no Alarm. Martel and no Alarm. Finally,  
Tenchi activated the alarm. Washu stared at the image of Tenchi, disbelieving what she had just  
witnessed.   

The gang settled down after a hard day of school. Ayeka and Martel began to watch  
TV while Ryoko went to her usual perch. But Jericho had other ideas. He had to find the  
Sword Tenchi before he could do anything, and thanks to Tenchi's memories, he knew just  
where it was, on Tenchi's desk. Jericho began to walk towards the stairs when he heard the  
voice of a little girl. "Where do you think your going daddy." The girl yelled. Jericho spun  
around only to be met with a girl a few years younger then him with bluish-purple hair. The  
daughter of Tenchi, Mayuka. Jericho began to do his work.
"I was just going to the bathroom, jeez." He began, trying to sound like Tenchi. Mayuka  
pouted.
"But dinner will be done in a couple of minutes." She began. "Sasami, Tsunami and I  
have been slaving over the stove all day and your going to eat it." Jericho sweatdropped, then  
he raised his eyebrow for a second. What the hell is a sweatdrop, he thought. He quickly shook  
his head and tried to smile like the Juraian Prince.
"Ok, I guess that could wait." Jericho said. Mayuka smiled and latched onto who she  
thought was her father. Jericho looked annoyed, which meant he looked slightly like Tenchi  
normally, does. Ryoko Phased through her perch and grabbed Jericho's arm.  
"Come on Tenchi," She began. "I'm starving." Ayeka looked back with a gleam in her  
eye.
"So what else is new." She spoke. Martel, hearing her comment knew what it would be  
followed with.  
"What was that!" Ryoko exclaimed. Martel ran out of the living area and into the  
Kitchen, grabbing Mayuka as he ran. Kyone and Mihoshi, along with Darla, had just walked  
into the living room just as the sparks began to sparks. Both ducked back outside. Jericho just  
sat there, watching with a smile on his face before he realized just what was going to happen.  
Jericho dove behind the couch just in time as the living room ignited.  

Tenchi ran as fast as he could. He couldn't believe his luck that day. Not only had it  
begun to rain as soon as he got out of the house, but every payphone for the first couple of miles  
was in use. This was driving him crazy and making him even more desperate. It had been 2  
hours to get to the halfway point between his house and the school. It was the Hatchiko Dog, a  
new popular fast food place that was always crowded around that time of day, making Tenchi  
have to dodge cars and bicycles. Bicycles. A lightbulb snapped on in Tenchi's brain. Tenchi ran  
over to the only person who he knew would be there. An American friend of his named Tim  
worked Monday afternoons and evenings at the Hatchiko Dog and he had a bike. Tenchi ran  
into the H-Dog and ran to the front of the counter. Amid a flurry of Don't cut in line Calls,  
Tenchi didn't care. "Tim, I need your help." Tenchi said as he leaned over the counter, trying to  
get his breath back.  
Tim looked up from what he was doing to listen to Tenchi. "Whats up Tenchi?" he  
asked.
"I don't have much time to explain," Tenchi began. "I need your bike, it's a matter of life  
and death." Tim folded his arms.  
"As long as you bring it back before closing, I need to go home too, you know. It's  
behind the building."
"Thanks man, you're a life savor." And with that Tenchi ran out of the Building and  
grabbed the bike. He was on his way.

Jericho stood up, slightly singed and very pissed. Ryoko and Ayeka where standing  
there, ready to apologize, but Jericho cut them of. "Before you say a damn thing, I want to  
know what the Hell you where thinking." He yelled. "Arent you two smart enough to know that  
explosives can kill? What the hell where you thinking!" Ayeka and Ryoko couldn't believe what  
Tenchi was saying, neither was the rest of the gang. Nobiyuki couldn't believe his son could  
speak like that. But the man that was standing there wasn't Tenchi, but they didn't know that.  
Suddenly, a crash came from the front door, and in stepped Tenchi, covered in rain, dirt, and  
sweat.
"Tenchi?" Everybody said in unison. Their heads moved back and forth, glancing at both  
Tenchi's. Kyone spoke up.
"Just what the hell is going on here?" Both Tenchi's stared at each other, not even  
blinking. They just stood there. Suddenly Washu's lab entrance slammed open.
"One is the fake." She exclaimed. The Tenchi's just continued to stare at each other as  
the others wondered where Washu was going with this. Washu walked over to the Tenchi with  
the sweat and Dirt. "This is the real one. The other is an assassin named Jericho. Suddenly it  
made sense who the other was to Martel. The name he couldn't get. Martel spoke up.
"The blood hound of space." Martel began. "The man who could steal memory's and  
lives. The mane who never losses. Its Jericho." Jericho, realizing his cover was blown, pulled out  
a nerolizer collar and a blaster from his pockets. He jumped towards Ryoko and thanks to his  
speed, latched the collar to Ryoko's neck, neutralizing her powers. He swung behind her,  
grabbing her arms back and holding the blaster to her head.
"Don't move, or the pirate's a goner." Everybody froze. Jericho smiled "Good. I'm  
leaving with at least half of my mission completed." Jericho touched a button on his wrist and  
vanished into thin air. Tenchi ran, trying to catch them, or at least grab Ryoko, but he missed,  
crashing into the floor. Martel and Nobiyuki both helped Tenchi to his feet. By this time, tears  
began to flow from Tenchi's eyes. He didn't want to lose Ryoko again.  
"I have to find her." Tenchi said. Ayeka, feeling that this may be her only chance at  
Tenchi, decided to interfere.
"But lord Tenchi." She began. "By now they are long gone. We won't have a chance to  
find." Tenchi stopped her right there, holding his hand up to her face. Tenchi shook his head.
"Ayeka, I can't do that." He began. Ayeka knew where this was going. Tenchi  
continued after he lowered his hand. "Ever since I first met Ryoko, I've felt a strong bond to her,  
An attraction that has become more powerful as time goes on. Ayeka, I love Ryoko and would  
never let her go. I didn't for Kagato, and I'm sure as hell not going to now." By this time, Ayeka  
began to cry. Tears of defeat ran down her cheeks. Sasami and Tsunami walked over to her to  
comfort her. Tenchi continued. "Ayeka, and everyone, I'm sorry but My heart is set on Ryoko."  
All the girls nodded, including Ayeka. Tenchi looked over at Washu. "Washu, could you find  
out where Ryoko is?" Washu nodded.  
"I have her life force data in my Computer, I can track her almost anywhere." Tenchi  
nodded.
"Thanks Washu. I'm going. If any of you want to come with me, then lets go." Tenchi  
ran out of the house, followed by Washu with her tracer and the rest of the gang. Tenchi wasn't  
going to lose Ryoko ever again.

Ryoko awoke, strapped to a large table. She couldn't use her powers thanks to the  
neutralizer collar that was around her neck. The room was the cargo Bay of an old ship.  
Obviously the ship belonged to Jericho. The cargo bay was filled with all sorts of crates and a  
weapons rack and in front of the rack was Jericho. Ryoko slowly tried to move, but she was  
strapped to the table with titanium shackles. She would've been able to turn the Shackles into  
putty if it weren't for the collar. Jericho turned around to Ryoko. "I see that you are awake." He  
began. Ryoko tried to speak, but she found her mouth was covered in a gag. "Sorry, this is  
going to be a one sided conversation. I want to know what it feels like for you to actually feel  
sad. I'm pretty sure you feel like all those people did when you destroyed their homes." Ryoko  
lowered her head in shame. That was another lifetime, she thought. Jericho continued. "I'm sure  
this must be tearing you apart inside, but I have a busy schedule." Jericho turned towards  
Ryoko, and for the first time since 700 years ago, he made eye contact with her. Jericho stared  
into her golden eyes, remembering what it was like all those years ago. But then something else  
kicks in. Memories that didn't belong to him. Memories of times that where joyful and fun  
involving the pirate. Jericho grabbed his head and began to shake violently. "What are you doing  
to me?" He thought as he continued to shake.
Jericho began to scream as the images began circulating in his brain faster. The thousand  
visions of fights, demons, and loved ones flashed. He had never felt this way before. Ryoko  
stared in awe at the way Jericho acted mostly because he still looked like Tenchi.
Jericho fell to his knees infront of the pirate he began to mutter. "Why.Why. Why  
can't I concentrate." Jericho banged his head on the floor of his ship, trying to erase the images.  
Jericho continued his ranting. "Masaki..Masaki..Why Can't I Get You Out of My Head!   
RRRRRRAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!!!" Jericho leapt at his weapons case, pulling out a small  
blaster pistol. He began to stand and shakingly pointed the pistol at Ryoko. He clutched his  
head as he tried to hold the pistol steady. Images and feelings from Tenchi about Ryoko drove  
him over the brink. Insanely, he muttered. "It is all your fault." Tears began to fall down  
Jericho's eyes, making his eyes sting. "All Your Fault." He Continued. "All Your Fault, ALL  
YOUR FAULT!!!!! MASAKI!!!" And with that he fired.

The rest of the gang followed Tenchi as he ran into the woods toward the Ravens Nest.  
He was more desperate then he's ever been in his life. Ryoko meant everything and if Jericho  
even touched a hair on her, he would pay. Ayeka still followed Tenchi even though she was at a  
loss of emotion. Tenchi had confessed his love for Ryoko and Ayeka was heart broken, but she  
continued to move on, not giving up. Perhaps a new object of affection motivated her even  
more. She looked at Martel, who was dead set on saving his sister, and suddenly, her heart  
began to beat faster. She knew then that she was truly in love with Martel Sham.  
Tenchi continued his almost blind run towards the ship. Washu's tracker started to beep  
faster. He was almost there. Sasami, Tsunami, Nobiyuki, Ryo-Oki, Kyone, Mihoshi, Darla,  
Washu, Martel, Mayuka, and Ayeka all followed Tenchi's every move, helping their friend  
search for the one he loved. Tenchi would go to the ends of the Universe for Ryoko and they all  
knew that, Especially Tsunami.  
Suddenly, the Gang heard engines start up and a ship began to leave. Tenchi felt in his  
heart that he was too late. That Ryoko was gone. The gang made it to an open clearing in the  
forest and saw Jericho's ship begin to take off. Tenchi charged the ship with everything he had,  
picking up rocks and hurling them at the ship. Tenchi's eyes were filling with tears as the ship  
made a 90-degree turn and flew away into the night sky. Tenchi fell to his knees, crying.  
Tsunami walked over to her guardian and held him tightly as his eyes drained of tears.  
Everybody else knew that Ryoko was gone and also began their silent sobs, as they did for  
Tenchi months ago.  
Washu looked down at her tracker and noticed that they were still very close to Ryoko.  
For some reason, she wasn't taken away. She followed the trackers path silently. Everybody,  
including Tsunami and Tenchi looked in Washu's direction as the scientist traced the beeping.  
After five minutes, they stood above an incline in the ground, and there lay an unconscious  
Ryoko with no wounds. She just slept in the incline. Tenchi kneeled down next to the Cyan  
Haired Pirate, gently nudging her. "Hey, Ryoko, Wake up, please." Tenchi shouted in  
desperation. Ryoko's eyes gently opened and she realized where she was. Ryoko immediately  
sat up and clinged to Tenchi, as if not to fall into a bottomless pit of despair. She began to cry  
uncontrollably.  
"Oh Tenchi." The Pirate Sobbed. "I was so scared." They continued to embrace and  
cry together as they kissed and hugged.  
Martel couldn't believe what he had just saw. Jericho, the bloodhound of space. The  
man who never fails, gave up.  

One week flew by and everything was back to the way it was. Jericho was never seen  
again at the school and the story was that he transferred to America. It was on a sunny,  
Monday, that Tenchi received a letter.
Dear Tenchi,
	What a week it has been. With all the crazyness. Dammit, I still sound like you and its  
driving me insane. You were lucky, Masaki, but this just means I have to be craftier in our future  
encounters. I'll enjoy killing you when the time comes. You and Ryoko, the ones that got away.  
As I sit here in a caf‚ in America, I can't help but wonder what the future will hold for the both  
of us. This is when I say this. Tenchi Masaki, you are a very special man to have all those  
friends. I guess they are more like family. But the thing that amazes me is that you change  
people. You turned a Space Pirates Heart from black to white. You taught a dainty princess to  
fight more and argue less. You taught a self centered Scientist to be more kind and you made a  
little girl braver then the bravest man. You made a Hunter believe in himself and a Couple of  
Cops become two of the greatest detectives of all time. You also helped an Android gain a soul  
and a little halfling live a normal life. Not to mention the other stuff. I guess what I'm saying is  
that you should enjoy your family and your life for a little longer. Then I'll kill you.
							Sayonara
								Jericho
To Be Continue..

Next Episode: Gateway into the Forever

Nexodus@msn.com
