
Author:   Mike Fenton <mpfenton@hotmail.com>
Title:    AFS #10 (LOYALTY SILLINESS)
Notes:    Regular (OVA), script format
Summary:  The emperor brings his usual good cheer.

[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Early morning.  Tenchi is out front, sweeping, as
Funaho approaches.

          FUNAHO:  Good morning.

     Tenchi somberly turns and greets her.

          TENCHI:  Oh, good morning.

     Funaho is momentarily taken aback, then pleasant again.

2    INT. SHRINE

     Funaho enters, and Yosho appears, gesturing.

          YOSHO:  Mother, shall we go outside?  I like to
watch the sunlight in the early morning hours.

          FUNAHO:  Really?  All right.

3    EXT. SHRINE STEPS

     Yosho emerges and sits at the front steps.  Funaho
follows behind him.

          FUNAHO:  (frowning)  Will you never sit up
straight, my Son?

          YOSHO:  (smiling)  Only for you, Mother.

     Yosho folds his arms and sits up, stiffly.  Funaho sits
next to him.

          FUNAHO:  (softly)  I see.  (gesturing at Tenchi)
Great-grandson there not only speaks strangely, he also acts
strangely.  And I suspect I know the cause.

          YOSHO:  Tenchi?  He is merely maturing.  It is
normal for one his age.

          FUNAHO:  In Juraian terms?

          YOSHO:  (adjusting his glasses)  Exactly.

     Funaho slumps her back and hitches her speech slightly,
in imitation of Yosho.

          FUNAHO:  And if he turns out like the old man,
Ayeka need not even distinguish between the two of you.  You
are not concerned for his welfare?

     Yosho chuckles for a moment, then clears his throat,
surprised.

          YOSHO:  Old man?

     Funaho grins, then merely smirks.  She returns to a
more proper expression.

          FUNAHO:  Who is that young man, Yosho?  Is he
really the same boy I met just a few years ago?  Is it true
that--?

     Tenchi turns and looks their way, and Yosho waves at
him to continue.  Tenchi nods and walks toward the outer
steps, toward the bottom of the hill.

          YOSHO:  I'd say that Tenchi is well-suited to
become Juraian--albeit, not as graceful as you and I.

          FUNAHO:  Yes.  How nimbly you side-step my
questions.  Is this what Jurai has to look forward to?  A
boy who ducks and weaves his way out of a throne as easily
as you did?

          YOSHO:  (pausing for a moment)  No.

          FUNAHO:  Ah, so I was right.  And he is in no
danger of growing weary of the girls?

          YOSHO:  Strangely enough, no.  But I consider
myself instrumental in that.

          FUNAHO:  (narrowing her eyes)  Interesting.  How
angry poor Ayeka would be if she heard that.

          YOSHO:  (firm, resolute)  It's for her own good.
Remember, I promised I'd take care of her.

          FUNAHO:  (sighing)  That you did.  Now, it's time
for us to take care of both of you.

     Funaho stands and straightens her dress, looking down
at Yosho.

          YOSHO:  I beg your pardon?

          FUNAHO:  I mean, we will be very kind, and protect
you, Yosho.  But, just this once.  From then on, we can do
nothing to protect you from the king's ambitions.

          YOSHO:  I see.  He's still lining up suitors.

          FUNAHO:  Yes.  And not just for Ayeka.

     Yosho is a little shocked, then calms himself.

          YOSHO:  (softly)  I'll be fishing, if anyone needs
me.

4    TITLE:  "EPISODE 10:  LOYALTY SILLINESS"

5    EXT. SHRINE ENTRANCE

     Funaho looks a little surprised to see Tenchi waiting
for her at the end of the steps.

          FUNAHO:  Tenchi?  Is something the matter?

          TENCHI:  Huh?

          FUNAHO:  You're not avoiding some chores inside,
are you?

          TENCHI:  Uh, no...  Actually, I was waiting for
you.

          FUNAHO:  Really?  That's very nice of you, Tenchi,
but I already know my way.

     Tenchi struggles with something he wants to say.

          TENCHI:  I, uh--

     Funaho is already walking toward the house, avoiding
the implicit invitation.

          FUNAHO:  I'm glad to have a word with you, Tenchi.
Actually, I've found that the girls refuse to discuss
certain things with me.

     Tenchi hesitates for a moment, then catches up.

          TENCHI:  Yes?

     Funaho looks around, then back at Tenchi.

          FUNAHO:  For example, Miss Washu.  It seems very
strange that she simply disappeared this way.

     Funaho is taking a good stride, and Tenchi has to move
a little more quickly to catch up.

          TENCHI:  Well, that's about all there is to say--

          FUNAHO:  I'd heard a great many strange rumors,
but...

          TENCHI:  (chuckling)  Oh, really?

          FUNAHO:  (glancing at him)  Yes.  Doesn't it
bother you to see us, Tenchi?  I mean, under the
circumstances?

          TENCHI:  (blankly confused)  What?  Of course not.

          FUNAHO:  (carefully neutral)  I'd heard a rumor
that you were staying on Earth, no matter how much we
offered you on Jurai.

          TENCHI:  (a little annoyed)  I've never thought
about it, actually.  I'd hate to leave, of course, but...

          FUNAHO:  (glancing around)  You could bring your
friends.  We have excellent schools there, if you wish to
study more of history or art.  I'm sure you'd find it most
illuminating.

          TENCHI:  (disappointed, somewhat reluctant)  Yeah,
but I don't think Ryoko would want to go there.  I mean,
considering--

          FUNAHO:  (sighing)  Yes, I know.  One does not
forget an atrocity very quickly.  I'm sorry, Tenchi.  I was
being selfish on your behalf, and I apologize.

          TENCHI:  (smiling, very pleasant)  Oh, it's okay.
It's nothing.  I just can't abandon her to herself--
especially while her mother is away like this.  It would be
inhuman.

          FUNAHO:  (scowling for a moment)  Anyway, Great-
grandson, I'm very pleased that you are doing well.  If
there is anything I can do to help, please don't hesitate to
ask.  I mean that.

     Tenchi stops and looks down, scratching his head.

          TENCHI:  Well...

          FUNAHO:  (stopping)  Yes?

          TENCHI:  Could you help me arrange a private
conversation with Ayeka?  She's been avoiding me for a
while, and I--

          FUNAHO:  You need not say another word, Tenchi.  I
understand completely.

          TENCHI:  (very skeptical)  You do?  Oh, okay.
Thank you very much.

6    EXT. SPACE

     A huge Juraian warship, surrounded by flights of
Juraian warships.

7    INT. WARSHIP

     The emperor is in a large reception area, surrounded by
various councilors and uniformed guards holding weapons.

          AZUSA:  Where is that fat man?

     One councilor turns for a moment from another
conversation.

          AZUSA:  Never mind.  I'll see to a few other
matters, first.

     Azusa approaches Kilaro, flanked by a couple of guards.
Azusa dismisses them, and talks to Kilaro privately.

          AZUSA:  You see all these idiots?  I feel like a
head nurse in a children's school, at times.

          KILARO:  Doesn't anyone realize why we're here?

          AZUSA:  To seal up that fortress, obviously.  The
only question is, what type of seal.  They argue about this
endlessly--as if the method were relevant.

          KILARO:  (quirking an eyebrow)  Of course, your
Majesty.

     Azusa gestures him toward a more private location.

          AZUSA:  You may have misunderstood.  Is there
anyone I can trust?  I need to keep my hands clean, if it is
possible.

          KILARO:  (puzzling)  'Trust' is a strong word,
your Majesty.  I would say that you can rely on the smaller
ventures.  The larger ones spend all their time in the
Galaxy Union councils, calling for amendments to the treaty.

          AZUSA:  (frowning)  Yes, your treaty.  I'd almost
forgotten.  The best of your smaller 'ventures' are little
more than petty smugglers--who'd cut their mother's throats
if they thought they could turn a profit from it.

          KILARO:  (laughing)  That, they would, Sire.  So,
I assume--

          AZUSA:  (shaking his head)  I still have one more
option.  It's risky, but--

8    EXT. SPACE

     A small group of strange raider ships appear--seemingly
from nowhere.  Four of them attack one flight, while another
three move toward the center--menacing the main ships.  A
Juraian warship on the first flight turns and starts firing
on the raiders, then explodes for no apparent reason.

9    INT. WARSHIP

     One of the guards approaches Azusa hurriedly, and makes
a rushed, whispered report.

          AZUSA:  Treachery!

          GUARD:  Yes, Sire!

          AZUSA:  Damn!  Well, it's settled, then...

10   EXT. SPACE

     The Juraian fleet pursues the surviving five raider
ships, straight into a small fleet of Pirate warships.

11   INT. WARSHIP

     The emperor and several uniformed officers are standing
at a tactical display, watching as several blinking dots
appear just behind the pursued symbols.

          AZUSA:  What are those?  Pirates?

          OFFICER:  Scumbags.  We can handle them, Sire.
No need for worry.

12   EXT. SPACE

     The Pirate warships attack on the left flank, then turn
sharply to the right, drawing heavy fire and severe damage
to themselves.  One flight of Juraian warships is disabled,
but the others turn and finish off the Pirates, leaving the
raiders to make their escape.

13   INT. WARSHIP

     The officer looks doubtfully at the display, as Azusa
frowns, rubbing his chin.

          OFFICER:  What a waste.  They could not have
expected to beat us.

          AZUSA:  No, but they did hope to delay us.

          OFFICER:  Sire?

          AZUSA:  They hope that we'll pursue those raiders,
but it won't work.  We're going in, now.  There's no reason
to wait any longer.

14   EXT. TRAINING GROUNDS

     Tenchi is going through a drill--several punches and
kicks delivered in a conventional style--as Ayeka appears
and smiles to herself.

          AYEKA:  (VO)  Tenchi has been training himself.

     Tenchi stops and grabs a towel, looking around.

          TENCHI:  Must have been my imagination.

     Ayeka steps out into the open.

          AYEKA:  Excuse me.  I was told to see my brother,
here.

          TENCHI:  You mean, Yosho?  I think he said he was
going fishing.

          AYEKA:  (rolling her eyes)  How crafy we are,
today.  I'll have to remember this.

          TENCHI:  (approaching Ayeka)  Um...

     Ayeka is confused for a moment, then smiles.

          AYEKA:  Oh, yes.  This is Funaho's way of testing
me.

     Tenchi stops, confused, as he continues to towel off.

          TENCHI:  Huh?

          AYEKA:  I was told to see my brother, so that I
would see you.  I assume you knew nothing of this.

          TENCHI:  Well--

          AYEKA:  And your pitiful reason for wanting to
speak to me.  It's all so obvious.  Well, if there's one
thing I cannot give you, Lord Tenchi, it's assurances.  I
only need to assure myself.

          TENCHI:  Ayeka, what are you talking about?  I
only wanted to ask you if you thought I was doing a good
job.  I mean, of taking care of you.  I did promise to do
that.

          AYEKA:  You did?

          TENCHI:  (exasperated)  Yes, I did.

          AYEKA:  (puzzling)  Strange.  I don't recall you ever saying
that.

          TENCHI:  (groaning in frustration)  Okay.  Never
mind!  I'll just say whatever Grandpa would want me to say.

          AYEKA:  (still puzzling)  To whom, might I ask?

     Tenchi starts to leave the grounds, and Ayeka starts to
follow.

          TENCHI:  Your father.  You don't need to defend me
to him, anymore.  I can explain myself just fine.

     Ayeka smiles for a moment, then frowns abruptly,
turning and going after him.

          AYEKA:  Oh, my!  That's just the kind of thing
that little Sister would tell me.

15   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami is working on some food when Funaho and Misaki
enter, carrying several wrapped boxes.  Sasami flinches in
surprise and looks back at her work, confounded.

          SASAMI:  Geez...

     Misaki drops her boxes at the counter and hugs Sasami.

          MISAKI:  Sasami!

          SASAMI:  It's okay, Mom.  You just went shopping.

          MISAKI:  Oh, Sasami!  I always miss you so much,
my darling little girl!

          SASAMI:  (half wry amusement, half embarrassment)
Oh, Mom!

          FUNAHO:  (beaming with amusement)  This is more
fun than shopping.

     Ryoko appears for a moment, then hastily disappears
again.  Ayeka walks in, cringing.

          AYEKA:  Gyah!

          MISAKI:  Ayeka!  Oh, my poor little girl!

     Ayeka sighs and bows her head in acceptance.

          AYEKA:  Hello, Mother...

     Misaki glares at Ayeka somewhat menacingly.

16   INT. MAIN HALL

     Tenchi enters, glancing around speculatively.  Ryoko
appears, bringing him to an abrupt halt in front of the
kitchen door.

          RYOKO:  Tenchi!  Be careful!

          TENCHI:  Huh?  What's wrong?

          RYOKO:  The others are in there.

          TENCHI:  The others?

          RYOKO:  That woman and her offspring...

          TENCHI:  (annoyed)  Really, Ryoko.  You make it
sound so dramatic.  I'm just going to see what's what.

          RYOKO:  (concerned)  But, Tenchi.  They could be
doing all kinds of crazy female things in there!

          TENCHI:  (rolling his eyes)  I think I'll take my
chances.

17   INT. KITCHEN

     Tenchi enters and is immediately attacked by Misaki.

          MISAKI:  Tenchi!

          TENCHI:  (grim with embarrassment)  Hello, Ms.
Misaki.  (turning to Funaho)  Hello, again.

     Funaho pleasantly nods.

     Ryo-Ohki appears in humanoid form, holding a couple of
carrots.  Sasami gasps and glares at Ryo-Ohki.

          SASAMI:  Ryo-Ohki!  Did you just take my carrots?

          RYO-OHKI:  Miya?

     Ayeka chuckles, as Misaki continues to hug Tenchi.

          MISAKI:  We missed you so much, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  Geez, you saw me just this morning.

     Ryo-Ohki offers Sasami the uneaten carrot.

          RYO-OHKI:  Miya miya.

          SASAMI:  It's okay, Ryo-Ohki.  But, next time,
ask.

          RYO-OHKI:  Miya.

     Azusa enters, flanked by Azaka and Kamidake.

          AZUSA:  (flinching in revulsion)  Ahem!

     Misaki glances around, then continues to hug Tenchi.
Ayeka chuckles for a moment, then stiffens to attention.

          AYEKA:  Father!

     Funaho turns and sighs deeply, folding her arms.
Azusa's eye twiches for a few moments, then he turns to
Ayeka.

          AZUSA:  Ayeka, we're leaving!  Come along!

     Ayeka takes a step back, then bows.

          AYEKA:  Father, you know my desire.

          AZUSA:  (softly)  Ayeka, you are being foolish.
Reconsider.  It was not your desire that brought you here.
It was your abandonment of your duty.

          AYEKA:  Yes, but that is what keeps me here.

          AZUSA:  (grim)  I did not come here for an
argument.  My mind is made up.  Even if we must deceive our
own subjects, it is better that we prove the loyalty of the
crown princess than allow envious slander to continue to
wound our good name.

     Tenchi politely pulls away from Misaki and looks
questioningly at the emperor.

          TENCHI:  Your Majesty?  Excuse my ignorance, but
how is the family being slandered?

     Azusa scowls and folds his arms, narrowing his eyes at
Tenchi.  Funaho quickly interrupts.

          FUNAHO:  Forgive him, my Lord.  Tenchi is very
naive in the ways of the royal house.  (turning to Tenchi)
Tenchi, you remember how I mentioned the many rumors
regarding you?  Just imagine how many there are regarding
Ayeka and Sasami.

     Tenchi gapes in comprehension.

          FUNAHO:  (glancing at Azusa)  It would foolish of
us to accept or reject them without due consideration.

          AZUSA:  (clears his throat and turns away)  Well,
then.  That being the case--

     Ryo-Ohki tugs on Misaki's dress, and Misaki looks down,
curiously.

          RYO-OHKI:  Miya!  Miya miya miya?

          MISAKI:  Oh, how adorable!

     Misaki picks up Ryo-Ohki and hugs her, letting Tenchi
go, and earning a grunt of annoyance from Ryo-Ohki.

          AZUSA:  As I was saying--

          MISAKI:  (smoothly interrupting)  Is that true,
Ryo-Ohki?

          RYO-OHKI:  Miya!

     Funaho glares curiously at Ryo-Ohki, while Misaki's
eyes light up with delight.  Misaki hugs Ryo-Ohki again,
while explaining.

          MISAKI:  Tenchi!  This is so wonderful!  I didn't
know about this!  When did you and Ayeka get engaged?

          AZUSA:  Now, then--  (shocked)  What is this?!

          TENCHI:  (chuckling nervously)  There must be some
kind of misunderstanding.

          AYEKA:  (calm and a little smug)  Not at all.
Everyone heard you.  You said you always thought highly of
me, and that you'd really hate to see me leave.  Your exact
words, as I recall.

          AZUSA:  (outraged)  Is this true?!

          TENCHI:  (scratching his head)  Well, yeah--

          FUNAHO:  (musing)  Interesting.

          AYEKA:  (looking away, shyly)  Then he proposed to
me.  It was very romantic.  Tell them, Sasami.  You were
there.

          SASAMI:  (somewhat sheepish as well as mortified)
You expect me to repeat all that?

     Azusa starts fuming as Ryoko appears.

          RYOKO:  Oh, shut up, Princess!  It was all just a
silly gag that Yosho thought up.  Tenchi didn't mean a word
of it.  You tell them, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko, I don't think this is the time--

          AYEKA:  You stay out of this, Ryoko!  (turning to
Azusa)  Father, no matter the circumstances, I have to
respect sincere grounds for a proposal.  Technically, Tenchi
is my fiance, now, and I can't really be expected to leave.

          RYOKO:  What?!  That's ridiculous!  You've
obviously lost your mind.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko--

          RYOKO:  (turning to Tenchi)  What?

          TENCHI:  Stop being difficult, Ryoko.  This is
just between Ayeka and her father.

          RYOKO:  (surprised)  I'm being difficult?

          TENCHI:  (sullen but firm)  Yeah, you are.

          AZUSA:  (furious)  Everybody just be quiet!  I
need to think about this.

          RYOKO:  (annoyed)  But Tenchi--

          TENCHI:  (grim)  Geez, Ryoko.  Calm down.

     Ryoko vanishes in a huff, as Azusa turns his glare back
toward Tenchi.

          AZUSA:  Okay, boy.  You can have your way.  Keep
my daughter here.  (turning to Ayeka)  Ayeka, I accept your
explanation, and I give you leave to stay here...

     Ayeka looks briefly pleased.

          AZUSA:  But, only under one condition!  Tenchi
must prove to me that he really is your fiance!

          AYEKA:  Prove it?

          AZUSA:  Is there no room for doubt?!

          AYEKA:  (looking down, embarrassed)  I'm ashamed
to admit it, but yes.

          FUNAHO:  (smoothly interrupting again)  My Lord, I
would suggest something immediately useful--something not
too difficult, considering how inexperienced Tenchi is.

          TENCHI:  (sighing, looking upward, vaguely)  Damn.

          AZUSA:  (turning to Tenchi)  Is this a problem for
you, boy?

          TENCHI:  (briefly confused, then firm)  No, your
Majesty.  You just set the task.

          AZUSA:  (nods)  Yes.  In that case, I'm going to
make you my technical ambassador in the ancient fortress.
And, as of now, that is a very important duty--in that I
have just declared the ownership of all rights to technology
that originates thereof.

     Misaki frowns, thoughtful.

          AZUSA:  (smiling)  Your assignment is to secure my
holdings and to seal away all future endeavors into the
current projects.

          AYEKA:  (cringing)  That's an awfully big task,
Father.  Someone should help.

     Azusa rolls his eyes for a moment, then shrugs.

          AZUSA:  It makes no difference to me.  If he
chooses, he may have help--but only one of you.  That should
settle the matter.

     Azusa leaves, and Ayeka summons Azaka and Kamidake, as
Ryoko reappears.

          AYEKA:  I'm ready.

          RYOKO:  (snorting)  Yeah, right.  If you want
someone you can rely on, there's really only one choice,
anyway.

          AYEKA:  (to Ryoko) I thought you were still off,
pouting somewhere.

          RYOKO:  I know better than to get involved in
Juraian politics.  But this is a situation.  Princesses
don't know the first thing about these things.

     Tenchi glances at Misaki and Funaho, and they smile--
Funaho gives a very knowing smile.

          TENCHI:  (to Ryo-Ohki)  Okay, girl.  It's probably
best for me to get going, now.

          RYO-OHKI:  Miya?

     Tenchi holds out his hand.

          TENCHI:  That's right.  Let's go, Ryo-Ohki.

     Tenchi leaves with Ryo-Ohki.

          AYEKA:  (annoyed)  Wait!  Oh, this is so
humiliating!

          RYOKO:  (feigning indifference)  I don't care.
This is all so stupid!  I hope he fails.

     Funaho and Misaki help Sasami--who looks dizzy with
shock.

18   EXT. NEAR STRANGE CAVE

     Tenchi and Ryo-Ohki approach a mob of uniformed
officers--some Galaxy Police, some Juraian, some rangers,
and some that are impossible to identify.  One of the
officers accompanies Tenchi, as Tenchi points out two other
people--seemingly at random.

19   INT. FORTRESS ENTRANCE

     Tenchi and Ryo-Ohki approach another small mob of
uniformed people, Mihoshi and Kilaro trailing shortly
behind.

          TENCHI:  What a mess!  How did all this happen?

          KILARO:  I think there were pirates in here, a
year or two ago.

          TENCHI:  I mean, all these people.  Who are they
all?

          KILARO:  Maybe you should ask them.

          TENCHI:  (sighing, suddenly grim)  No, that's no
good.  We're just going in.  Come on.

20   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Azusa and Misaki are out front, being joined by Funaho
and Ayeka.

          MISAKI:  I think this is a brilliant idea!

          AZUSA:  You do?

     Funaho stands next to Azusa on the other side as
Misaki.

          FUNAHO:  I agree, my Lord.  This gives young
Tenchi a wonderful opportunity to practice his
administrative skills.

          AYEKA:  (brimming with impurtinence)  Ah, yes.
Valuable training for becoming emperor himself, one day.

          AZUSA:  (smirking)  Well, we'll just see about all
that.

21   INT. DINGY ROOM

     A huge room, lined with scattered debris and tents,
with various scruffy-looking robed individuals--all
clustered into a small mob.  Tenchi, Ryo-Ohki, Mihoshi, and
Kilaro enter and look around.

          TENCHI:  (to Mihoshi)  This is it?

          MIHOSHI:  Jaithepios said this was their main
camp.

          TENCHI:  It looks temporary.

          MIHOSHI:  They all seemed to know a lot about us.
He told me about a duel Ayeka had had with one of the
guardians.

          TENCHI:  (a little surprised)  When did this
happen?

          MIHOSHI:  (pointing)  There he is.  (to Tenchi)
Oh, I don't remember.  Uh...  About a year ago, I think.
(to the familiar figure dressed in a monk's robes)  Hello!

     They stop right next to a small tent where the familiar
figure is standing.

          JAITHEPIOS:  Mihoshi?  It's good to see you again.

          MIHOSHI:  I'm glad, too.

          JAITHEPIOS:  (to Tenchi)  Honored one.  (to Ryo-
Ohki)  Hello.

          RYO-OHKI:  Miya!

          TENCHI:  (smiling)  Hello.

          JAITHEPIOS:  (pondering)  Who's this man in
diplomatic clothes?

          KILARO:  (smiling wryly)  Just a courier from
Beta, Sir.  Nobody important.

     Tenchi pats Kilaro on the shoulder.

          TENCHI:  My dad likes him, so he can't be all bad.

          JAITHEPIOS:  (gesturing toward the tent)  Well, in
that case, I should invite you and your friends inside.  We
can have a nice little palaver.

22   INT. KITCHEN

     Funaho returns to the kitchen, starting to collect the
boxes again, when she notices Sasami.  Sasami flinches and
stops staring--continuing to prepare food.

          FUNAHO:  (VO)  Odd.  (to Sasami)  I see supper is
coming along, nicely.

          SASAMI:  I'm sorry, but I guess I'm the only one
who can cook around here.

          FUNAHO:  It's nothing to be sorry about, Sasami.
It's a pleasure to cook for the ones you love, isn't it?

          SASAMI:  (smiling, then sighing)  Yeah.  But...

     Funaho is suddenly curious, standing next to Sasami to
speak softer.

          FUNAHO:  I'm the one who's sorry, Sasami.  This
must be very hard for you--I mean, having to see Ayeka in
all this distress.

     Sasami turns to Funaho, then turns to the cutting board
again.

          FUNAHO:  (narrowing her eyes, VO)  There it was
again.  Normally, Sasami would be upset.  Why this malaise?

          SASAMI:  (chopping)  She's handled worse than
this.

23   INT. TENT (flashback)

     The alchemist is sitting before a smoky fire, speaking
to grown-up Sasami.

          ALCHEMIST:   You must tread very lightly.

24   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami stops for a moment, then continues.

          SASAMI:  Father must have lost his mind, to treat
Tenchi this way.

     Funaho makes a quick double-take, then frowns.

          FUNAHO:  What do you mean, Sasami?

     Sasami chops a little louder, casually explaining.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi has been a perfect gentleman, and
Father rewards him by calling him a liar, then throws him to
the wolves.

          FUNAHO:  (smiling, reassuring)  It's nothing,
Sasami.  Tenchi's much more mature, now.  (pausing for a
moment)  How old are you, Sasami?

          SASAMI:  (stops to think)  I'm... uh...

     Funaho turns and collects the boxes.

          FUNAHO:  You're already about half Tenchi's age--
at least, in appearance.  Maybe more.  You should try
growing some more before you decide what's insane.

     Funaho hands a box to Sasami, and Sasami takes it.

          FUNAHO:  Before I forget, this one was meant for
you--that is, if you're still young enough to appreciate it.

     Funaho exits with the other boxes.  Sasami opens the
box and discovers a small necklace with a rattle on the end.

25   INT. TENT

     A large tent, well-decorated and furnished--a large
table at one end, and a nice desk at the other end.  Tenchi,
Jaithepios and the others are sitting at the table.  Several
scrolls are laying on the table, and Jaithepios has a habit
of absently rolling and unrolling one of them.

          KILARO:  I guess what we're saying is, we're
missing some valuable data--here or in the emperor's
imagination.

          TENCHI:  I'm sure he didn't just dream up some of
this technology.  Ayeka and I experienced something like a
teleportation just a while back.

          MIHOSHI:  And there was that weird vortex.

          TENCHI:  Washu called it a dimensional vortex.  I
remember that.

          JAITHEPIOS:  So, your emperor wants to assume
control of this fortress?

          TENCHI:  Something like that.

          JAITHEPIOS:  I don't understand.  The fortress is
not in his jurisdiction, is it?

          TENCHI:  (puzzling)  I don't know.

          KILARO:  (casual)  The planet is.  In fact, it's
an isolated colony, so nobody else can even claim
jurisdiction.  (glancing at Mihoshi)  Not even the Galaxy
Police.

          JAITHEPIOS:  (concluding)  I see.  He's claiming
the entrance.  Well, we have no need of the entrance,
anyway.  It's just a conduit, really.  Many other
civilizations have made claim to it.

     Tenchi scratches his head, a little flustered, as
Mihoshi leans forward.

          MIHOSHI:  Wow!  Really?

          JAITHEPIOS:  Oh, yeah.  Most of them don't even
realize what the fortress is.

          TENCHI:  Excuse me, Sir, but I don't think the
emperor is really interested in the property--just the
technology.

          JAITHEPIOS:  Just the technology?  You mean, just
the engineering?

          TENCHI:  And the science--whatever that amounts
to, I suppose.

          JAITHEPIOS:  Is this some kind of joke?  Young
man, you cannot have math and science.  They're just
intangible concepts.  If you make political claims, they
must be to tangible objects--things like property.  Now, if
he wants to talk about renting--

          KILARO:  I think what Tenchi means, Sir, is that
the emperor wants to make his own entrance--and to make sure
that everyone inside knows that it's just to be used by
Juraian representatives.

          JAITHEPIOS:  (suddenly understanding)  Oh.  I see.

          MIHOSHI:  (pleased)  So, it's not a problem?

     Jaithepios looks through one of his scrolls.

          JAITHEPIOS:  Well, no--it really shouldn't be.
It's not in my authority, of course, but if the emperor of
Jurai wishes it, then...

          TENCHI:  (smiling)  Thank you very much, Sir.
This is a relief.

     Kilaro looks at Tenchi, a little suspicious.

          KILARO:  We appreciate this.

26   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka is sitting at a sofa, knitting.  Ryoko is lying
on a support beam, reading a book.  She looks down, then
appears next to Ayeka.

          RYOKO:  Aren't you worried, Princess?

          AYEKA:  Why should I be?

          RYOKO:  You don't actually expect Tenchi to
succeed, do you?

          AYEKA:  (smirking)  My, what a sense of humor you
have, Ryoko.  Tenchi, fail?  (feigning laughter)

          RYOKO:  (puzzling)  You obviously don't know
Tenchi like I do.

     Ayeka puts down her knitting.

          AYEKA:  Just between you and me, Ryoko, it hardly
matters.  If Tenchi fails, then he'll still be beholden to
me, anyway.  If he succeeds, so much the better for me!
(genuinely laughing)

     Ryoko is taken aback for a few moments, then vanishes.

     Misaki and Funaho nervously look in, as Ayeka continues
cackling.

          AYEKA:  And if Ryoko interferes, that's just icing
on the cake!

          FUNAHO:  Oh my...

          MISAKI:  She becomes more like darling Emperor
every day.

          FUNAHO:  Now, that's not funny.

27   INT. HALLWAY

     A hallway stretches far in each direction, several
doorways line the hallway on each side.  Tenchi and the
others are walking toward the center and stop by one door.

          TENCHI:  Strange.  I think I remember this one.

          KILARO:  You've been here before?

          TENCHI:  Yeah, but that was years ago.  You
remember this, Mihoshi?

          MIHOSHI:  (scowling)  Don't remind me.

          KILARO:  Got lost, huh?

     Tenchi starts chuckling, nervously.

          MIHOSHI:  I got into a fight.

     Kilaro opens the door, and Tenchi goes in.

          KILARO:  Well, that explains it all.

28   INT. CONTROL ROOM

     At the center of the room is a mass of wiring, and in
one corner, there is a few small metal boxes with slots and
switches.  A couple of lights in the boxes start blinking.
Along the walls are lights and compartments (and little
stubs where there used to be buttons).

          TENCHI:  Boy, there was some serious renovating
here, since I was here last.

     A short figure in a strange uniform appears and looks
at Tenchi questioningly, as Kilaro, Ryo-Ohki and Mihoshi
enter the room.

          FIGURE:  Visitors again?  Okay, who sent you?

     Tenchi takes out a small scroll and gestures with it.

          TENCHI:  I've been sent here by Jaithepios.  He
said to talk to the security commander about this demand
that the emperor made.

          FIGURE:  Security commander?  Interesting.  Let me
see that.

     Tenchi hands over the scroll, and the figure chuckles.

          FIGURE:  This is a pretty tall order.  We're going
to have to make some serious renovations, indeed.

          TENCHI:  (frowning)  If you don't mind, I'd like
to know where the security commander is.

          FIGURE:  (briefly confused, then smiling)  That's
me, actually.  And, don't worry.  The emperor's wish is my
command.

     Kilaro leans next to Tenchi.

          KILARO:  You see?  No problem.

          TENCHI:  Weren't you the one who kept saying that
this mission was totally impossible?

          KILARO:  Me?  No way!  It must have been the girl.

     Mihoshi glares at Kilaro, annoyed, and Tenchi rolls his
eyes.

29   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka stops knitting, and looks up--concern spreading
across her face.  She gets up and exits.

     Sasami enters a moment later.

          SASAMI:  Supper's finished!  (looking around)
Geez!

30   EXT. NEARBY STREAM

     Yosho is lying in a field of grass, right next to a
stream--his line tied off to a nearby tree trunk.

          YOSHO:  (VO)  Well, if I'm right, there should be
a huge explosion just about--

31   EXT. NEARBY HILLS

     A titanic explosion goes off, taking most of the
strange cave with it.

32   EXT. NEARBY STREAM

     Yosho sits up, looking around at the huge cloud of
dust, rising into the air--adjusting his glasses.

          YOSHO:  Right on schedule.

33   INT. HALLWAY

     Tenchi and the others are still walking down the
hallway, when Ryoko appears.  She seems about to say
something, when a huge explosion occurs off camera, and the
ground shakes.

          MIHOSHI:  Whoa!

          RYO-OHKI:  Miya!

          RYOKO:  No kidding, Ryo-Ohki!  Why did you think I
was here?

     Tenchi gets his balance back.

          TENCHI:  Don't tell me you were worried, Ryoko.

          RYOKO:  (a little haughty)  I was just agreeing
with the little rat.

     Another explosion shakes the hallway, and everyone
falls over.

          KILARO:  If she said she had a bad feeling about
all this, then I agree, too.

34   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Funaho and Misaki are standing out front, as Yosho
approaches from a side path.  Another, smaller explosion
goes up from the area of the fortress.

          MISAKI:  Oh!

          FUNAHO:  (VO)  I see, now.  Tenchi and Yosho were
having premonitions.

35   INT. HALLWAY

     Ryoko disappears briefly, then reappears.

          RYOKO:  There doesn't seem to be a way out.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, no!  There has to be!

          TENCHI:  You sure?  This seems like an awfully
extreme way to put up a new entrance.

          KILARO:  Actually, kid, this makes perfect sense.
In order to put a new entrance in, you have to blast away
the old one.

          RYOKO:  We can't just sit around waiting for the
new one.

          RYO-OHKI:  Miya!

          RYOKO:  (getting an idea)  Ryo-Ohki!

          RYO-OHKI:  (worried)  Miya?

     Ryoko kneels down next to Ryo-Ohki--very friendly.

          RYOKO:  You can fly right through subspace, right?

          RYO-OHKI:  (confused)  Miya miya.

          RYOKO:  (snarling)  I know that.  But you have
navigation systems.  I'm not powerful enough to scope it out
properly.

          Ryo-Ohki:  (reluctant)  Miya...

     Tenchi leans down next to Ryo-Ohki, as Ryoko is getting
frustrated.

          TENCHI:  Ryo-Ohki, can you get us back?

          RYO-OHKI:  (brightly)  Miya!  (softly)  Miya...

          TENCHI:  Well, we'll have lots of carrots when we
get back, you know.

          RYOKO:  Of course!

          RYO-OHKI:  Miya!

36   EXT. NEAR RUINS OF ENTRANCE

     Ryo-Ohki bursts upward into the sky, as Tenchi, Mihoshi
and Kilaro flicker and appear at the ground.  Ryoko appears
a moment later, hovering just behind Tenchi.

          MIHOSHI:  Whoa!

          KILARO:  That explosion really did a number on
this place.

          TENCHI:  I'm just glad nobody was around when it
went off...  I hope nobody was around when it did.

          RYOKO:  You worry too much, Tenchi.  I'm sure they
wouldn't let anybody get hurt.

          MIHOSHI:  (frowning)  I don't know, Ryoko.  That
security commander didn't wait at all, I think.

          KILARO:  (scratching his head)  We'd better get a
move on, before they decide to clear out another section.

          TENCHI:  (nodding)  Good idea.

     Tenchi and the others are walking (Ryoko floating), as
Kilaro catches up to Tenchi.

          KILARO:  That's some friend you've got.

          TENCHI:  Huh?

          KILARO:  The cabbit-creature.  Turns into a
spaceship and flies right through subspace, too.

     Ryo-Ohki appears a moment later in cabbit-form, and
Tenchi picks her up.

          TENCHI:  She's great.  I can always count on my
friends, you know.

          RYOKO:  Unlike certain princesses.

          TENCHI:  Now, now, Ryoko.  Ayeka can't help it if
she never does anything useful.

          KILARO:  I've never flown through subspace before.

          TENCHI:  So, what do you think?

          KILARO:  Disappointing.  I thought it would be
weirder--like being teleported.

          TENCHI:  You've been teleported before?

          KILARO:  I'm still trying to figure out how Ryo-
Ohki could find the entrance here so fast.

          MIHOSHI:  (catching up)  Didn't Ryoko say there
was a secret entrance here?

     Tenchi gets a word just ahead of Ryoko.

          TENCHI:  Oh, yeah.  A secret entrance through
subspace.  There was still a piece of that left.

     Ryoko is annoyed for a moment, then suddenly
thoughtful.

          RYOKO:  The strange thing is, that entrance was
pretty well hidden--even in subspace.  Someone must have
left it activated.

          AYEKA:  (OC)  Or someone leaped into it during an
explosion.

     Tenchi cringes, as Ayeka emerges, covered with dirt and
ashes--looking about as ticked-off as possible.  She glares
at Tenchi for a moment.

          AYEKA:  Never useful, am I?

     Ayeka marches off, as the others stare after her.

          RYOKO:  (chuckling)  I'm sorry.  I was totally
wrong about her.  She's great!

     Ryoko falls over laughing.

          MIHOSHI:  Wow!  How embarrassing!

          KILARO:  Well, mystery solved.  Time to eat.

          TENCHI:  Eat.  Yeah.  Good luck on that.

37   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Evening shades through the trees.

38   EXT. SHRINE STEPS

     Yosho is sitting with Funaho again.

          FUNAHO:  I see you like to watch the sunset, as
well.

          YOSHO:  I like to eat with good company.  The
outdoors is usually pleasant enough.  (gestures with a small
dish)  Some fish, perhaps?

          FUNAHO:  No, thank you.  I'm just going to be
leaving, soon.  The king will want to celebrate, and there's
sure to be a feast.  I would not want to spoil it.

          YOSHO:  (surprised)  Celebrate?  So, Tenchi
succeeded?

          FUNAHO:  (a little patronizing)  Of course, he did--
but you already knew he would.  The question is, can you
accept it?

          YOSHO:  (somewhat amused)  Me?

          FUNAHO:  (smiling, knowingly)  I know.

     Funaho stands, and Yosho gets up--still holding the
dish.

          FUNAHO:  I tried to warn you, but--

          YOSHO:  So, you weren't just tricking me into
getting out of the way?

          FUNAHO:  No.

          YOSHO:  Oh, I see.  There's more to this than just
family loyalty.

          FUNAHO:  (hesitant)  Ayeka sends her thanks.

          YOSHO:  Oh.  Please be sure to give her mine.

     Funaho narrows her eyes and smiles wryly.

          FUNAHO:  Now, Yosho.  Don't tease your mother like
that.  You know very well that she'll be back here again,
anyway.

          YOSHO:  (blankly confused)  I do?

THE END

