[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EPIGRAM:

     "Once upon a time there were three little sisters," the
Dormouse began in a great hurry; "and their names were
Elsie, Lacie, and Tillie; and they lived at the bottom of a
well--" 

     "What did they live on?" said Alice, who always took a
great interest in questions of eating and drinking. 

     "They lived on treacle," said the Dormouse, after
thinking a minute or two. 

     "They couldn't have done that, you know," Alice gently
remarked; "they'd have been ill." 

     "So they were," said the Dormouse; "_very_ ill." 

     -- Lewis Carroll, _Alice In Wonderland_

2    EXT. OBSCURE PLANET

3    INT. TENT

     The tent is dark aside from the glow of the heater. 
Ryoko is curled up in a fetal position, sucking her thumb. 
Ayeka is sprawled, face-up, snoring and absently petting
Ryo-Ohki.  Washu is sitting up, awake, scowling and looking
upward, as if seeking a sign from the top of the tent.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (softly)  Wherever you are, Tenchi, I hope
you're lonely and miserable.  Damn, it's cold in here!

4    INT. MIHOSHI'S BEDROOM

     A faint blue outline reveals Tenchi and Sasami, lying
together.  Tenchi sits up, fanning himself softly.  Sasami
murmurs and looks up.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  Tenchi, where are we?

          TENCHI:  Mihoshi's apartment.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (sighing)  Oh yeah.  I forgot.  I'm so
glad I could make up with Mihoshi.  She's still pretty upset
at you, though.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  I never realized how mean she could look.
I guess I'm just lucky I didn't marry her.

     BEDROOM

     Sasami reaches out and punches Tenchi in the arm.

          SASAMI:  That's a really cruel thing to say,
Tenchi.  You don't know what she's been through.  She
probably only joined the rangers for you, you know.

          TENCHI:  Yeah.  She went through all that training
and got that villa just outside of Okayama.  I never
realized Mihoshi wanted to live in Japan.  Strange, huh?

          SASAMI:  Not really.  Mihoshi just likes planning
ahead--a little too far, if you ask me.  Why in the world
did she join the rangers in the first place?  I never quite
understood that.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  That was probably my fault.  (sighing)  I
seem to recall mentioning that I thought Mihoshi would look
good in the scout uniform.  It seemed like a completely
innocent remark at the time, but you know Mihoshi.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Yeah.  That sounds about right.

     BEDROOM

          TENCHI:  I just wish I'd seen that graduation
ceremony.  That must have been something.

          SASAMI:  Nah.  Probably just a lot of marching
around and some silly speeches.

          TENCHI:  When was that?  It seems like it was just
yesterday.

          SASAMI:  Two weeks ago.  Fourteen long days ago. 
(sigh)  Oh Tenchi, this is driving me crazy!

          TENCHI:  You're still worried about Ayeka and
Ryoko?

          SASAMI:  I can't help it.  Where are they?  We
should have at least heard from them by now.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  You know them, Sasami.  They spend so
much time arguing, they've probably forgotten all about us.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (amused)  I seriously doubt that. 
(wistful)  I wonder how they would react if they could see
us right now.

     CU. TENCHI

     He chuckles, wryly.

          TENCHI:  Well, I'm sure Ayeka would be overjoyed. 
She'd probably say something like, 'It's about time you
started showing some maturity, Sasami.  I salute your
decision to renounce the royal family.  I think it will give
you more renown and prove your dignity.  I didn't give you
enough credit for your courage either.  I am both humbled
and proud.'

     CU. SASAMI

     Grinning, ironically.

          SASAMI:  You're such a naughty boy, Tenchi.  I can
only imagine what Ryoko would say, though.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (laughing)  I think she'd say, 'Why,
Tenchi!  How good for you!  You know, I always thought you
two were perfect for each other!  I'm so moved, I think I'm
going to cry.'

     CU. SASAMI

     Smiling briefly, then frowning darkly.

          SASAMI:  That's not very funny, Tenchi.  You know
how sensitive she is.

     BEDROOM

          TENCHI:  Yeah.  I know.

          SASAMI:  Anyway, she'd probably say, 'Hey!  That's
okay.  I never really liked you, anyway.  You just remind me
of what a loser I am!'

     They both chuckle, sadistically.

5    TITLE:  "SHIPWRECKED"

6    EXT. TOWER OF THEMIS

     The tower almost seems to touch the giant red planet,
hanging in an evening sky.

7    INT. LIBRARY

     A normal sized room with one balcony going around two
sides of the top half.  Shelves filled with books line three
walls on the lower half of the room and the two sides with
the balcony on the top.  A small ladder connects the top and
lower half floors, and large windows appear on the third
side of the room at the top.  On the fourth side is a large
set of doors and small tables sitting off to either side of
the doors.  At the center of the room is a large model
replica of the floating city, complete with a model forest
and little winged horses flying around the model city.

     Tsunami is sitting on the floor at the base of one
shelf, reading.  Several children in curious attire are
sitting at the tables--some reading, others playing little
games.  Mimi enters, looking around at the children in
annoyance.  Mimi goes to the wall just above one table and
removes a painting.

     Alepios enters, carrying another painting with one
hand.  By the way he carries it, the painting is obviously
very light.  He looks around, somewhat annoyed, then stands
next to Mimi.

          ALEPIOS:  Here?

     Tsunami looks up from her reading, as Alepios hangs the
painting.

          MIMI:  Hmm...  Yes, that looks good.

     CU. ALEPIOS

     Considering.

          ALEPIOS:  I thought the other one looked better.

     CU. MIMI

          MIMI:  (annoyed)  There aren't enough garden
scenes in this room.  This just looks a little out-of-place,
at the moment.  Familiarity can color your opinions, you
know?

     CU. ALEPIOS

     Absently agreeing.

          ALEPIOS:  Yeah, I know all that.

     LIBRARY

     Several children look up and stare at Mimi and Alepios.
Mimi looks around, a little nervous.

          ALEPIOS:  Well...  It's charming enough.

          MIMI:  Charming?  I spent weeks doing this.

     Tsunami frowns and goes back to reading.

          ALEPIOS:  I'm sorry.  It's bold--brilliant.  I
just love all the little... nuances...

     CU. MIMI

     Trembling in anger.

          MIMI:  You really think so?  You aren't just
humoring me?

     CU. ALEPIOS

     He rolls his eyes.

     LIBRARY

     Several of the children begin to whisper to themselves
and point.  A few start to chuckle.

          MIMI:  (choking back anger)  Well, since you like
it so much, you can keep it.

     Mimi takes the painting off the wall again and hands it
to Alepios.  Alepios sighs with annoyance.

     CU. MIMI

     She gestures, nervously.

          MIMI:  Go on!  Hang it in the stable!  See if the
horses like my work!

     LIBRARY

     Mimi gasps as Alepios rather nonchalantly leaves the
room with the painting.  Several more children start to
chuckle.  Mimi glares at them as they try to hide grins. 
Mimi looks over at Tsunami and approaches, somewhat stiffly.

          MIMI:  That was my best work.  I can't believe he
actually didn't like it.  (looking around)  What is the
matter with all of you?  (looking down)  Hey!  Crazy girl!

     CU. TSUNAMI

     She looks up, blankly.

     CU. MIMI

          MIMI:  Did you see that painting?  Wasn't it
marvellous?  And he just called it 'charming.'  Really...

     CU. TSUNAMI

     Looking back down at her book.

          TSUNAMI:  I didn't get a good look at it.

     LIBRARY

          MIMI:  You have no interest in my work?  I thought
you liked paintings.

          TSUNAMI:  (casual)  I'll make sure I go by the
stables tonight.

          MIMI:  (folding her arms)  You do wipe down the
horses, don't you?  Didn't you pledge yourself that boy's
servant?

          TSUNAMI:  Yeah, but he won't let me do strenuous
chores.  You know how he is.  He only lets me cook, clean
and do laundry for him.

     CU. MIMI

          MIMI:  Men!  That's so typical.  They assume
you're a weakling, then whine about how you never help them
with the heavy lifting!  Who needs them?

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  Hmm...  You've really put some thought
into this.  (she looks up from her book)  You're starting to
have feelings for this servant boy, huh?

     CU. MIMI

          MIMI:  (shocked)  That's ridiculous!  Me and a
servant boy!  Please...  I'd sooner wrestle a javalina.

     LIBRARY

     Tsunami chuckles, shaking her head in amusement.

          TSUNAMI:  I think a javalina would be frightened
off just at the color of your hose, Mimi.

          MIMI:  Oh yes.  That's right.  I'm talking to an
expert on javalina wrestling.  Or are you in the habit of
leaping from tree top to tree top, nowadays?

          TSUNAMI:  Actually, I prefer to play with the
wolves, but I'm not doing anything dangerous anymore.  You
know that.  I hate to worry you, Mimi.  You can be very
temperamental.

     CU. MIMI

     Frowning, a little taken aback.

          MIMI:  You're reckless, Tsunami.  The sight of you
lying dead still sickens me.  You don't know what I've been
through the past few weeks.

     LIBRARY

     Tsunami closes her book and looks down, considering.

          TSUNAMI:  (softly)  You know I never meant for any
of that to happen.  How else can I express my regret at what
happened?

          MIMI:  (subdued)  I really don't care what you do,
Tsunami.  I just hate it when all those stuck-up elders
start breathing down my neck.  They actually expect me to
look after you, now that Washu isn't here to do it for me. 
It's a terrible burden, making sure you aren't doing
anything stupid from one moment to the next.  I can't
concentrate on my own work anymore.

     CU. MIMI

     She kneels down to speak with Tsunami softly.

          MIMI:  Did you know that some of them actually
accused me of plotting to have you murdered?  Me?  You have
any idea how angry that made me?

     CU. TSUNAMI

     Scowling with regret.

          TSUNAMI:  I'm sorry, Mimi.  I didn't set out to
make you miserable.  (looking up)  I promise I won't do
anything stupid again.  You don't need to worry about me.

     CU. MIMI

     Thoughtful and pensive.

          MIMI:  Are you sure?  I can't handle any more
pressure.  Anything else goes wrong, I'm doing the sensible
thing and absolving myself of the matter, entirely.

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  Yes.  I'm sure.

     LIBRARY

     Mimi nods as she considers.

          MIMI:  (softly)  I probably shouldn't be telling
you this, but those elders expect a lot from you.  They keep
saying that you're the strongest being in the universe.  You
have so much potential, etc.  You can understand how they
would get upset to hear that you died before you could
mature properly.

     Tsunami boggles in amazement.

          MIMI:  I have to do so much just to get their
attention, now.  I can't be expected to keep up with you. 
Cut me some slack, huh?

          TSUNAMI:  (somewhat amused)  It's okay, Mimi.  I'm
not going to outshine you.  You're far more beautiful than
I'll ever be.

     CU. MIMI

          MIMI:  (pleasantly surprised)  Really?  (casual) 
I mean, yeah.  Of course I am.  Don't you forget it, either.

     LIBRARY

     Tsunami picks up her book and opens it again.

          MIMI:  What's with all these village children? 
They seem to like being near you.  You have a thing for
children?

          TSUNAMI:  (sighing)  No.  Actually, they give me
the creeps.  I don't know why it is, but they just seem to
like being near me.

     Tsunami goes back to her reading, as Mimi looks around
curiously.

          MIMI:  I think Washu has a thing for children. 
(sigh)  I wish she was here again.

8    EXT. SNOWY PLAIN

     Washu cuts a valiant picture, stalking a polar bear. 
She levels a blaster and fires, missing badly.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Damn!  These gloves just aren't made for
holding blasters.  Hmm...  That gives me an idea...

     PLAIN

     An old man (the alchemist) appears just off to the
side.  His face is vaguely reminiscent of a wolf, and he
appears to have a gentle smile across his lips most of the
time.  His eyes seem very cunning, and he has a tendancy to
move his eyes just ahead of the action--as if in
anticipation.

          ALCHEMIST:  It looked like you led him a little
too much.

          WASHU:  (snorting)  That's what amateurs always
say.  I think it was a pocket of air.  (looking around,
suddenly)  Uh...  Hey!

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  'Who are you?'  'What do you want?' 
Do we really have to play that silly game, Washu?

     CU. WASHU

     She scowls, considering.

          WASHU:  Well, I can't say I recognize you.  I'd
rather know how you got here, though.

     PLAIN

          ALCHEMIST:  Some would say that one's position in
the universe is the infusion of one's own will and the will
of the universe, but I think that's just nonsense.  I think
the universe simply doesn't care where you are--so, there
you stay.

          WASHU:  Wait a minute.  You're an alchemist. 
You've made some kind of deal with Ryoko, haven't you?

          ALCHEMIST:  You caught me red-handed.  I don't
suppose you've figured out how to get around the blocks...

     CU. WASHU

     Carefully composed.

          WASHU:  Blocks?  What blocks?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (amused)  Ah, yes.  The old training
never goes away, does it?

     PLAIN

          WASHU:  (irritated)  Okay, we'll play this out. 
Who are you and what do you want?

          ALCHEMIST:  Well, you've already surmised who I
am, and what I want is irrelevant.  I'm just a messenger.  I
make deliveries, and then I leave.  Now, if you should
happen to have any messages to return, I could handle that
as well.

          WASHU:  A message?  From who, and to whom?

          ALCHEMIST:  From me to you, actually.  I have a
prophetic warning to deliver, thanks in part to Tsunami. 
Tsunami, thank heavens, does not always know her own
strength.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Tsunami?  A warning?  Maybe this is a bad
idea...

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Well, it's your choice, of course. 
You should know, though, that Tsunami has made her choice. 
She came and dealt with me, most willingly.

     CU. WASHU

     A little startled.

          WASHU:  You're playing both her and Ryoko?  You're
not pitting one against the other, are you?

     PLAIN

          ALCHEMIST:  And if I were?  What do you care? 
Surely, if you dislike my intentions you could just shoot
me.  Why would I endanger myself like this?

          WASHU:  Maybe you just like playing with fire. 
Maybe someone should teach you a lesson.

          ALCHEMIST:  You, teach me?  (laughing)  Now, who's
playing with fire?

          WASHU:  Who are you, really?  What do you want
with me?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

     He sighs and folds his arms.

          ALCHEMIST:  I am a businessman--nothing more.  I
will present my offer, then you can choose.  If you like
what I'm selling, then we make an exchange.  If not, I will
leave and never bother you again.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  And if I choose not to make a choice?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  If that is your decision, then I will
respect it, as well.  'Caveat emptor,' as I always say. 
However, I do not deal in trifles.  What I have to offer you
is small, but it could change your life.  Alchemy isn't
something you bump into on a daily basis.

     PLAIN

          WASHU:  Now, you're leading with your offer. 
Hmm...  Alchemy, huh?  Who's to say I should be interested?

          ALCHEMIST:  Think about it this way:  science is
the study of things you can prove.  What does that make
alchemy?

          WASHU:  The study of things you cannot prove... 
Interesting.  I'm listening.

          ALCHEMIST:  I already have one apprentice, so I
cannot take you myself.  I can think of one who can, though.

          WASHU:  Who?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

     He smiles, devilishly.

          ALCHEMIST:  Ryoko, of course.  Once she has
mastered alchemy to my satisfaction, I will persuade her to
train you.  Delicious irony, don't you think?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (annoyed)  For you, maybe.  What would I
have to do to earn this favor?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Nothing.  Just this once, I've decided
to offer an apprenticeship for free.  It becomes irrelevant
if you refuse to hear my warning, though.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (wistful)  The transformation of
objects...  Wow.  You must be desperate.  Okay.  I'll hear
this warning.  My ears are burning.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  Okay, here goes.  Very soon, Ryoko
will die--

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Again?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (a little annoyed)  Yes, again.  And
she will stay that way unless you agree to stay out of my
way.

     PLAIN

          WASHU:  And Tsunami knows this?

          ALCHEMIST:  She knows, but I'm not sure she knows
that she knows.  In any case, Tsunami can do nothing for
Ryoko.

          WASHU:  And you can?

          ALCHEMIST:  I am a master of all I attempt.  I
always offer, and I always deliver--I don't always get paid,
but that's another matter.

     CU. WASHU

     She contemplates carefully.

          WASHU:  So, Tsunami has already made her move. 
Maybe someone should warn Ryoko--spare her that grief.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (amused)  Not me.  You think I have a
death-wish?  You can guess what I promised to deliver to
her.

     CU. WASHU

     Smiling wryly.

          WASHU:  Ryoko is so predictable.  Yes, I know too
well the dangers of over-nurturing.  I'm not doing that
again.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (a little annoyed)  I know how you 
tend to react.  I calculated this very carefully.  I studied 
you before you made that excursion to the past.

     PLAIN

          WASHU:  You're too careful for your own good.  You
must know I won't decide right away.  I may not decide in
your favor.  (she brandishes the blaster)  I might just
shoot you right now.

          ALCHEMIST:  Yes, as I already said.  I take risks,
but I play percentages.  It makes life interesting, don't
you agree?

          WASHU:  (sighing)  Yes.  I have to admit it does. 
It can also be very upsetting when you calculate wrong.

          ALCHEMIST:  Very well.  I will leave you to your
decision, but be ready when the time comes.  Ryoko's body
will not keep in the stone forever.

     The alchemist vanishes.

          WASHU:  (upset)  Hey!  Wait!  (groaning)  At least
get us off this stupid planet!

9    EXT. OBSCURE CANTINA

     The sky is turning somewhat purple, as evening begins.

10   INT. DINING HALL

     Tenchi and Kimiko are sitting at a table.  Tenchi is
sitting, staring at a painting, as Kimiko sits with her head
resting on her arms.  Sasami comes out of the kitchen and
sits next to Tenchi.

          KIMIKO:  (sleepily)  Tenchi, what do you want to
be when you grow up?

          TENCHI:  (kindly)  I always wanted to be a super
secret agent, like James Bond.

          KIMIKO:  Who?

          SASAMI:  Never mind, Kimiko.  Tenchi's just being
facetious--

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  No, seriously.  I like the thought of
pulling off dangerous stunts and sleeping with beautiful
women all the time.  I just need a diabolical villain to
bring down.  Nobody wants to take over the universe, though.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  Not at the moment.  Maybe next week.  All
my diabolical schemes are sitting in the bottom drawer,
right under my sleeping clothes.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Could you two be serious for one minute? 
I'd really like to know what you want to do with the rest of
your life, Tenchi.

     CU. TENCHI

     Seriously considering.

          TENCHI:  Well, I've never given the matter much
thought.  I really couldn't say.

     HALL

          KIMIKO:  (brightly, looking up)  Well, I know what
I want to be when I grow up.  I want to be someone's pet.

          SASAMI:  Like a dog?

          KIMIKO:  More like a cat.  I like how independent
cats are.  You never have to worry about whether you're
early or late for something or what time of the year it is. 
Every day is a fresh, new experience to be enjoyed.  All you
have to do is complain when you want to eat and don't mind
it too much that you have to crap in a fairly public place.

          TENCHI:  (groaning)  I just knew you could find
the dark side of anything, Kimiko.

          SASAMI:  Yes, you make it sound enviable and
repulsive at the same time.

     Hikaru enters, looking a little annoyed.  (Hikaru is
somewhat old, but he carries himself with quiet dignity.  He
has a serious and thoughtful expression most of the time. 
He is tall and hale, and by his movement, you might guess
that he is somewhat impassive, but his posture is laconic.) 
He strolls over to the table, handing a broom to Tenchi.

          HIKARU:  Tenchi, how many times have I told you? 
When you are done scrubbing the bathroom, you must go sweep
the front steps.

          TENCHI:  (subdued)  Sorry, Hikaru.  I guess I
forgot.

          HIKARU:  (sigh)  Try harder.

     CU. SASAMI

     She scowls in thought.

          SASAMI:  I know I've said this before, but he
reminds me of someone...

11   EXT. OBSCURE CANTINA

     The sky is growing dark in early evening light.  Tenchi
is standing near the end of walkway, leaning on the broom. 
A small groundcar pulls up and deposits Mihoshi nearby. 
Mihoshi hands something to the driver and walks up to
Tenchi.

          MIHOSHI:  (stiff)  Hey, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  (a little awkward)  Hey there, Mihoshi.

     A moment passes as Mihoshi stands, stiff.  She then
hugs Tenchi and begins sobbing.

     CU. TENCHI

     Scowling with embarrassment.

          TENCHI:  It's okay, Mihoshi.  Things like this
just happen.  Nobody meant to hurt you.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     She slowly collects herself.

          MIHOSHI:  It's not that, Tenchi.  I just came here
to tell you off, once and for all.  I can't do that, though.
I just take one look at you and fall apart.  I'm such an
idiot!

     WALKWAY

          TENCHI:  Nobody feels worse about hurting you than
Sasami and I.  We'd do anything to make it up to you.  You
know that.

          MIHOSHI:  It's no problem, Tenchi.  I still think
you'll come to your senses one day.  (slyly)  I'd make a
much better lover than that kid.

     Tenchi looks around, chuckling.

          TENCHI:  Uh...  Not much chance of that now.  It's
nothing personal, Mihoshi.  I have nothing against you.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Huh?  What do you mean?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  I feel like a puppet, sometimes.  I just
lose control whenever I'm around Sasami.  I keep telling
myself that I'll pull back and maybe even fight her a
little--then I just blindly go along with whatever she
wants.  It's really weird.  I feel like I'm a different
person when we're together.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Yeah.  I noticed that a long time ago. 
You always seemed to be looking up to her, even when she was
shorter than you.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  What's really weird is she always gets a
little disappointed that I don't resist her, but then I get
the feeling she actually enjoys the disappointment.

     WALKWAY

     Mihoshi starts to laugh.

          MIHOSHI:  That's funny.  I think that's exactly
what I like about you, too.

     Tenchi scratches his head, nervously, as Kimiko appears
and approaches.

          KIMIKO:  Hey Tenchi, who's this?

          TENCHI:  (looking around)  Oh.  Kimiko, this is
Mihoshi.  Mihoshi, Kimiko.

          MIHOSHI:  Hi!

          KIMIKO:  (to Mihoshi)  Hey there!  (to Tenchi) 
Tenchi, Sasami needs some help in the kitchen again. 
Evening rush, you know.

          MIHOSHI:  (to Kimiko)  Oh, let me.  I'm pretty
handy with a knife.

     CU. KIMIKO

     She glances at Tenchi suspiciously.

     CU. TENCHI

     He looks at Kimiko doubtfully, then smiles.

          TENCHI:  Oh, it's okay, Kimiko.  Mihoshi and I go
way back.  She's got a knack for preparing stuff.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  Oh.  Then, I'll stay here.  I need a
break.

     WALKWAY

     Kimiko sits on the last step of the stairs and takes
out a snack.  Mihoshi waves at the groundcar, and it drives
off.

          MIHOSHI:  See you...

     Tenchi waves as Mihoshi goes inside the cantina.

          KIMIKO:  How much longer are you staying?

          TENCHI:  Till I find out who did that painting. 
So far, it's my best lead.  I think I've just about figured
out how she thinks.

     CU. KIMIKO

     A little surprised.

          KIMIKO:  She?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Oh--I mean, the artist who painted that
painting.  I'm pretty sure it's a woman.

     CU. KIMIKO

     She scowls and ponders, looking at the snack.

          KIMIKO:  (gesturing)  You want some of this?

     WALKWAY

     Tenchi looks at Kimiko curiously.

          TENCHI:  Huh?  Oh, no.  Thanks, but I just ate.

          KIMIKO:  A woman, huh?  What else have you
discovered about her?

          TENCHI:  Well...  It seems like she's trying to
duplicate someone else's work.  It's hard to imagine, but I
think there might actually be someone greater than she is.

          KIMIKO:  Wow.  Even greater?

          TENCHI:  Her work seems to be a kind of contained
cry of envy.  In a way, I'm really starting to pity her.

     CU. KIMIKO

     She seems about to say something very pithy, then
stops.

          KIMIKO:  I... uh...  Oh, never mind.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  What?

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  (sigh)  Sorry.  I just thought I had an
idea who this artist was.  Now that I think about, I'm
probably wrong.

     WALKWAY

     Kimiko stands and strolls back inside, looking very
morose.  Tenchi looks after her, curiously.

12   INT. TENT

     Ryoko and Ayeka are shivering around the heater.  Washu
enters, and picks up Ryo-Ohki.

          RYOKO:  No bear?

          WASHU:  You can hunt your own, today.  I've got a
lot on my mind right now.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Little Washu, it's pretty obvious by now
that the distress signal isn't working.  What else can we
do?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  If all these cargo ships keep assuming
that we're pirates, there's really nothing we can do except
hope that they'll pass along our whereabouts to a local
scout patrol.  Beyond that, we're stuck here till I can
figure out how to fix Ryo-Ohki's stabilizer.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  If Ryo-Ohki is fit to fly, we can just
skip the hyperspace route.  I'd rather take my chances in
space than here.

     TENT

     Washu looks at Ryoko, and smiles--somewhat pitifully.  

     CU. RYOKO

     Ryoko frowns a bit.

13   INT. RYOKO'S BEDROOM (B/W--flashback)

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  How can I win Tenchi again?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (very matter-of-factly)  You can't. 
Tenchi is beyond your reach, now.  Sorry.

     BEDROOM

     Ryoko reels a little.

          RYOKO:  (nearly breathless)  What?

          ALCHEMIST:  I said he is out of your reach, but I
can give him to you.  For me, it's a snap.

          RYOKO:  (groaning)  No, I don't believe you! 
(vicious)  You're a monster!

14   INT. TENT

     Washu looks at Ryoko curiously, and Ryoko turns away.

          WASHU:  (gently)  Anything you want to tell me,
Little Ryoko?

          RYOKO:  (pained)  Leave me alone.

15   INT. RYOKO'S BEDROOM (B/W--flashback)

     Ryoko tries to slap him, but the alchemist grabs her
hand.

     CU. RYOKO

     Tries to pull her hand away.

          ALCHEMIST:  (OC)  You should be more respectful to
your elders, young lady.  I'm old enough to be your
grandfather.

          RYOKO:  Let me go!

     BEDROOM

     The alchemist continues to hold her hand, drawing her
closer.

          ALCHEMIST:  (softly)  I know what you want, Ryoko.
You want a quick change, but it can't happen quickly.  You
have to be patient.  Time is an absolute.

16   INT. TENT

     Ryoko groans and clutches her head with both hands.

          AYEKA:  Is something the matter, Ryoko?  You look
like you are ill.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (harsh)  Just shut up!  Leave me alone! 
Both of you, just leave me alone!

     TENT

     Ayeka looks at Washu in some alarm, as a thunderclap
goes through the tent.

          WASHU:  (gasping)  A rescue ship!  We're saved!

17   EXT. SNOWY PLAIN

     A large GP cruiser descends and touches down near the
tent.  From the tent, emerge Washu, Ayeka and Ryoko.  Ayeka
falls to her knees, weeping.  Ryoko looks down at Ayeka in
some disgust, considering the design of the cruiser.  Washu
begins strolling quickly out toward the cruiser, holding
Ryo-Ohki.  Ayeka gets up and starts to follow.  Ryoko frowns
and follows Ayeka.

     A hatch opens out of the bottom of the ship, and a GP
officer emerges.  He marches over to Ayeka and frowns as he
considers and nods to himself.

          WASHU:  This is such a relief!  We've been stuck
here for so long.

          AYEKA:  Yes.  This is very kind of you, sir.  I
cannot tell you how grateful I am!

     CU. OFFICER

          OFFICER:  Are you princess Ayeka, the daughter of
the emperor of Jurai, crown princess to the throne of Jurai?

     CU. AYEKA

     She looks a little stunned.

          AYEKA:  Yes.  That is certainly correct, sir.  I
am pleased that someone recognizes me.

     CU. OFFICER

          OFFICER:  Uh...  If you could, your highness,
please hand over all your weapons...

     PLAIN

     Washu and Ryoko look on, as Ayeka ponders.

          AYEKA:  I beg your pardon?

          OFFICER:  Please, your highness.  Do not make this
difficult.  I have a warrant for your arrest.  Just
cooperate, and I'll let the prosecutors know that you are
complying fully.

          RYOKO:  Well, this is a switch.

          WASHU:  Ryoko.  This is serious.  Galaxy Police
don't just wander around in pirate territory, looking for
wanted men.  They must be a little anxious if they went to
all this trouble.

          OFFICER:  Please.  I do not wish to make this a
political incident.  Just come along with us, your highness,
and we will make this as quiet as possible.

     CU. AYEKA

     She looks a little faint.

          AYEKA:  No!  I demand to at least know what the
charges are!  I have my rights, just like any ordinary
citizen.

     CU. OFFICER

     He sighs and pulls out the warrant.

          OFFICER:  (reading)  The charges are:  two counts
of abduction and two counts of attempted murder.

     CU. AYEKA

     Stunned with disbelief.

          AYEKA:  No, this can't be.

     CU. OFFICER

     He takes out a small pad, and begins to recite.

          OFFICER:  (reading)  You have the right to
council.  If you waive right to council, anything you say
can be given in testimony against you.  Is that understood,
your highness?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Uh...  If you don't mind, sir--who filed
this complaint?

     PLAIN

     The officer flips through the pad and looks for
something there.

          OFFICER:  Well, according to my notes, these
complaints were all filed years ago by a citizen named
Ryoko.  We seem to have lots of evidence on file, but I'm
afraid it's pretty old.  We're going to need her as a
material witness.  Most of the old charges have been
rendered void by the statute of limitations, so we need to
re-verify all our remaining evidence.

     Ryoko looks a little shocked by the revelation.

          AYEKA:  (to Ryoko)  Ryoko?  Are you insane?  I'm
not a criminal!

          WASHU:  (chuckling)  Uh...  Ayeka means some other
Ryoko--  This can't be the same one...

     The officer looks at his pad, then at Ryoko.

     CU. OFFICER

          OFFICER:  No, my data confirms it.  This is the
woman who filed this complaint.

     CU. RYOKO

     She sighs and smiles, wryly.

          RYOKO:  Well, Princess.  I guess they finally came
to their senses.  Those charges are true, you know.

     CU. WASHU

     She scowls, aggravated.

          WASHU:  Ryoko!  We're wasting time!

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  No, we're not.  I wouldn't miss this for
anything.  Come on, Washu.  You're probably a material
witness too.

18   INT. KIMIKO'S BEDROOM

     Tenchi and Sasami are lying together in the bed. 
Sasami looks up wistfully, apparently pondering.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, are you awake?

          TENCHI:  Yeah...

          SASAMI:  What are we going to do?  We aren't going
back to Earth, are we?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  We'll have to at least visit.  We can't
stay away.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Where will we go?

     BEDROOM

          TENCHI:  Why not stay here?  I mean, Leo.  It's a
very pretty place to live.  My quest probably won't take me
away.  This place has a lot of affordable land.  I have a
few of my own plans for a house.  I've just never put it all
together before.  It should be interesting to try, don't you
think?

          SASAMI:  You think you can fit in?

          TENCHI:  Leo has a lot of recreation centers for
old war veterans.  Hikaru is a war veteran.  He could hook
me up with a few of them.  I could show them some of my
technique.  You wouldn't mind making some particular dishes?

          SASAMI:  It sounds like a great idea.

          TENCHI:  I've already met quite a few war veterans
in my travels, and they all seem to have the most particular
tastes.  They don't always know good food, but the things
they love can be pretty exotic.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  This is a good plan.  If anybody can help
out with a quest, it's a war veteran.  I think we should
start making subtle forays...

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  As long as we don't get carried away. 
There's always Earth to go back to, if things don't work
out.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  But Ayeka won't return to Jurai.

     BEDROOM

          TENCHI:  Hmm...  Maybe.

          SASAMI:  (looking around)  Tenchi, what's on your
mind?  You seem a little preoccupied.  It's not because of
Mihoshi, is it?

          TENCHI:  No.  I just had the strangest dream.

          SASAMI:  Well, don't leave me in suspense.  Tell
me about it.

          TENCHI:  (collecting himself)  I had a dream of a
little girl.  She had my face and your hair, and she had the
most peculiar way of behaving.  It all seemed so real, but
very bizarre at the same time.

     CU. SASAMI

     She grins with amusement.

          SASAMI:  A little girl, huh?  I wonder what we
should call her?

19   EXT. VILLAGE OUTSKIRTS

     A small village hugs the edge of a forest on one side,
with a lake on the other side.  Just at the edge, near a
palisade, is a small group of huts.

20   EXT. NEAR HUT

     Tsunami stands over a hibachi, cooking.  A few children
are standing around, muttering to themselves as Tsunami
turns some shellfish and arranges some fungi and legumes. 
She sprinkles some spices, and turns the shellfish again.

21   INT. HUT

     Araya is sitting at a table, knitting.  She looks up as
Tsunami enters, carrying a dish.

          ARAYA:  Mmm...  That smells good.

          TSUNAMI:  It has special texture.  I like this
dish to be a little al dente.  Naturally, you have to smoke
it.  I think that's what you smell.

     CU. ARAYA

     She puts down her knitting.

          ARAYA:  I can hardly wait to eat.  Did you see my
brother?

     CU. TSUNAMI

     She sets the dish on the table.

          TSUNAMI:  Out cutting some wood, I think.  He
should be in any moment, I expect.  He's your half-brother,
right?

     HUT

     Araya gets up and goes to the door of the hut.

          ARAYA:  We are related by blood, yes.

     Tsunami sits at the table, taking a taste of the food.

          TSUNAMI:  Why wait?  The food is ready.

     Araya turns again, frowning at Tsunami.

          ARAYA:  It's rude to start eating without
everyone.  I like to think of the three of us as family,
now.

     CU. TSUNAMI

     She grins, taking another taste.

          TSUNAMI:  We are related by death, if not by
birth.

     CU. ARAYA

          ARAYA:  (trying not to grin)  Only you could crack
a joke about your own death, Tsunami.

     HUT

     Araya returns to the table, looking at the dish.

          TSUNAMI:  It's okay if you want to taste, Araya.

          ARAYA:  Hmm...  I'll wait.  Anyway, it gives us a
chance to gossip.

          TSUNAMI:  I don't keep up with silly rumors.

     CU. ARAYA

          ARAYA:  Oh, come on.  There must be something
going on.  I see people going in and out of that tower all
the time.  It's fairly buzzing with activity, lately.

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  It's nothing to do with me, I'm sure.

     HUT

     Araya scowls, looking down.

          ARAYA:  Oh well.  I guess I should know better. 
You were never one to listen to gossip anyway.  It's a
shame, really.

          TSUNAMI:  Oh?  (amused)  And why is that?

     CU. ARAYA

          ARAYA:  (softly)  I think my brother likes you.

     CU. TSUNAMI

     She looks a little curious.

     HUT

     Alepios enters, looking at the table.

          ALEPIOS:  Hey, what smells good?

     Araya and Tsunami look at him, smiling.

22   EXT. SPACE

     The GP cruiser flies toward a giant gate, as a huge
swirling vortex swells within it.

23   INT. CRUISER

     Washu and Ryo-Ohki sit near Ayeka--who is wearing a
curious bracelet, looking extremely peevish.  Ryoko is
sitting across from a small ice box, eating whatever she can
find.

          AYEKA:  This makes no sense.  The Galaxy Police
had no jurisdiction over Earth, anyway.

     One officer is piloting, as the other sits across from
Ayeka.

          OFFICER:  We don't interpret the treaties, your
highness.  We just enforce them.  According to the Beta
Alliance, any codes set down by the Jurai empire are
enforceable by duly licensed officials.  That includes the
Earth colony.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (strained)  The Supreme Constitution
forbids the retroactive enforcement of treaty policies.  Any
law-student would know that.

     CU. OFFICER

     He smiles, indulgently.

          OFFICER:  I'm well aware of the Supreme
Constitution, your highness.  It also states that treaty
policy cannot be interpreted broadly.  There is no
restriction on ex post facto infringements as they relate to
matters of the welfare of the state.  A felony is a definite
infringement on the welfare of the state.

     CU. AYEKA

     Wide-eyed in shocked anger.

          AYEKA:  I was securing my own welfare.  You should
know, as an officer of the court, that I have a duty to such
things.  I had no way of knowing that those people--

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (smug)  --she means me and Tenchi--

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (grim)  Thank you.  They appeared to be
dangerous.  They also crashed my ship, if you have read your
facts straight.

     CU. OFFICER

          OFFICER:  (casual)  Well, you can explain it all
to the magistrate.  Don't get your hopes up, though. 
Remember, you've already been convicted of other offenses...

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (gasping)  Those other charges were all
blatantly false!  I was fully pardoned of any wrongdoing.

     CU. OFFICER

          OFFICER:  Yeah, sure...

     CRUISER

     Washu turns to the officer, smiling nicely.

          WASHU:  Sir, do you by any chance have some tools?
My android needs some minor repairs.  We did crash on that
planet, after all.

          OFFICER:  Huh?  Oh, yes.  (pointing)  In that
compartment by the desk comm.  (he looks at Ryo-Ohki)  An
android, huh?  What does it do?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (looking in the compartment)  Just some
little chores.  Nothing special.  We keep it more for
sentimental reasons.  You understand?

     CU. RYO-OHKI

     She looks a little indignant, folding her forelegs.

24   INT. KIMIKO'S BEDROOM

     Tenchi is sitting up, looking around, as if to convince
himself.  Sasami is sound asleep.  Tenchi gets up and looks
in a mirror.  

     CU. MIRROR

     He scowls and looks down.

          ACHIKA:  (OC)  Something upsetting you, Son?

     BEDROOM

     Tenchi turns and sees his mother, standing just behind
him.

          TENCHI:  Mother?

          ACHIKA:  I see you still remember me.  Is there
something you want to tell me?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Tell you?

     CU. ACHIKA

          ACHIKA:  Yes.  You looked like you were filled
with regret.  You aren't having second thoughts about this
quest, are you?

     BEDROOM

          TENCHI:  No.  I've never wanted anything so much
in all my life.  (sigh)  I was thinking about Sasami.

          ACHIKA:  Really?  She seems to be quite taken care
of.  What are you really worried about?  Is it Ryoko?

          TENCHI:  No.  Ryoko is the last person on my mind
right now.

     CU. ACHIKA

     She frowns, thoughtfully.

          ACHIKA:  Tenchi, you can't face your worst fears
if you are still having trouble facing reality.  I care
about you more than I can say, but I will soon be forced to
leave you.  You think I'm not filled with regrets, too?

     CU. TENCHI

     His eyes fill with tears, and he looks down.

          TENCHI:  I can't--

     CU. ACHIKA

          ACHIKA:  (eagerly)  You can't what?

     CU. TENCHI

     He wipes his face and tries to look up.

          TENCHI:  I can't trust her, Mom.  You know how
Ryoko is.  She treats me like I'm a plaything.  I refuse to
let her bully me like that.  I'd rather die than let anyone
do that to me.

     BEDROOM

     Achika looks a little remorseful, as Tenchi covers his
face, weeping.

          ACHIKA:  It's okay, Son.  I understand.  A mother
knows, believe me.

     She hugs him, and he starts to collect himself.

          TENCHI:  This is too bizarre.  I can't believe
this is happening.  What's wrong with me?

          ACHIKA:  Wipe your face, Tenchi.  Remember your
father.  Have some dignity.

     CU. TENCHI

     He smiles as he wipes his face.

          TENCHI:  My father?

     CU. ACHIKA

     She frowns, disliking his tone.

          ACHIKA:  Yes, your father.  You sound as if you
have forgotten him.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  I'm sorry, Mom.  Of course, I remember
him.

     BEDROOM

     Achika considers Tenchi very closely.

          ACHIKA:  Do you, really?  I wonder.  Do you
realize how noble a man he is, Tenchi?

          TENCHI:  Noble?

          ACHIKA:  Yes.  That was why I married him.  He has
a noble spirit, Tenchi.  You have a noble spirit, too. 
Sometimes, though, I think you take after your grandfather
too much.  Yosho is a kind enough man, but he can be a bit
of a bully, too.  You don't want to become what you hate
most about Ryoko, do you, Son?

     CU. TENCHI

     Very subdued.

          TENCHI:  No.  You're right, Mom.  I'm sorry.  I've
forgotten my father.

     CU. ACHIKA

          ACHIKA:  (pleased)  I knew you would see the
light, Tenchi.  Now, you are at the end of your quest.  You
see that mirror?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  The end?

     He looks around at the mirror.

          TENCHI:  You've found that artist?

     BEDROOM

          ACHIKA:  She isn't just an artist, Tenchi.  She is
a monster.  She will test you, but you will persevere if you
remember your father.

          TENCHI:  Okay...

          ACHIKA:  (softly)  The mirror is really a door to
another world.  All you have to do is open it and go
through.

          TENCHI:  How do I do that?

          ACHIKA:  You have to believe, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  All right.

     He looks at the mirror for a few moments while nothing
happens.

          TENCHI:  It doesn't seem to be working...

          ACHIKA:  (a little annoyed)  It's okay, Tenchi. 
You just have to show your faith.  You can't be guided by
mortal expectations.

     CU. TENCHI

     Fairly confused.

          TENCHI:  I'm sorry, but I don't understand.

     CU. ACHIKA

          ACHIKA:  Don't worry, Son.  I'll help you one more
time, then I really must go.  Look...

     BEDROOM

     Achika puts her arm around Tenchi and she holds his
hand out toward the mirror.  The mirror glows and resolves
into the shape of a silver door.  Achika then steps back and
vanishes.  Tenchi looks around, a little disappointed.  He
then looks at the door and braces himself.

     CU. TENCHI

     He grimaces as he opens the door.

     BEDROOM

     Tenchi goes through the open door into a bright field
of grass, closing the door behind him.

25   EXT. SPACE

     The GP cruiser is approaching a space station.

26   INT. CRUISER

     Washu looks a little nervous, as she gently pets
Ryo-Ohki.  Ayeka sits rock solid as Ryoko floats around,
fidgeting.  The two officers at the front of the cruiser
look at each other and then vanish in a flicker of light.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (firm)  Now!  Everybody get into the
compartment!

27   EXT. SPACE

     Several other GP cruisers approach the cruiser, as
pirate ships appear.  The pirate ships turn toward the first
cruiser, as Ryo-Ohki suddenly flies past them.

     The other cruisers break off, as the pirate ships turn
and attack Ryo-Ohki.  The first cruiser heads toward the
space station, going right past the other cruisers.

28   INT. CRUISER

     A large compartment in the back opens, and Washu
emerges--still holding Ryo-Ohki.  She darts up to the
cockpit as Ayeka and Ryoko slowly emerge.

          RYOKO:  You might have warned us about that!

          WASHU:  There's no time!  We aren't out of this
yet!

29   EXT. SPACE

     The pirate ships attack the decoy Ryo-Ohki as the first
cruiser heads for a hyperspace gate.  A few other GP
cruisers begin to pursue the first cruiser.  The decoy
Ryo-Ohki puts up a brave struggle, then explodes.

     The pursuing cruisers gain on the first cruiser, as it
approaches the vortex within the gate.

30   INT. CRUISER

     Ryoko and Ayeka are considering a tactical display, as
Washu pilots.  She looks down and pets Ryo-Ohki again.

          WASHU:  (softly, to Ryo-Ohki)  Ready, girl? 
There's nothing to be afraid of.

     CU. RYO-OHKI

     She scowls in a peculiar way, then growls.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Damn!  We're not going to make it!

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (amused)  Hey!  Give me a little credit. 
I am a genius, remember?

31   EXT. SPACE

     The first cruiser explodes violently, just before it
reaches the gate.  The vortex flickers and vanishes.  The
other cruisers swerve off to avoid getting caught in the
shock wave.  The gate shudders and holds.

32   INT. RYO-OHKI

     Ayeka looks very thoughtful as Ryoko glares at Washu. 
Washu kicks back, a little smug.

          RYOKO:  That was too close!

          AYEKA:  Yes.  For once, I agree.

          WASHU:  (amused)  Would you two cut it out?  You
girls are so naive!  Anyway, we still need to find a convoy.
Lucky for us, pirates and cops are pretty stupid, but even
they'll figure this out eventually.

33   EXT. RYO-OHKI

     Ryo-Ohki flies through swirling bands of hyperspace,
sounding very unhappy about it.

34   EXT. GRASSY FIELD

     Tenchi walks toward a bare, dirt rectangle in a field
of grass.  The sky all around is a hazy shade of dark gray,
like thick storm clouds.  The grass itself seems to glow a
faint green, providing some illumination.  Framing the
rectangle is a wooden path, lined by small channels of
water.

     He enters the rectangle, and a figure appears.  The
figure is wearing a standard uniform for martial arts,
complete with a black belt and a headcloth.  The figure is a
woman with dark hair and dark eyes, and seems to stand with
an air of complete arrogance, as if defying him with her
stance.

     Tenchi stops and the figure approaches.  She bows,
shortly, and then Tenchi bows.  She then stands and holds
out her hands in a defensive posture, eyeing him carefully. 
Tenchi continues to stand, unguarded.  After a few moments,
the figure lowers her guard and removes the headcloth.

          TOKIMI:  You're early.  It's too soon to start
your training.

     CU. TENCHI

     He looks a little confused, pondering.

          TENCHI:  Is something wrong?

     CU. TOKIMI

     She smiles in a peculiar way, then considers.

          TOKIMI:  You're right, of course.  I'm being rude.
Forgive me.  My name is Lady Tokimi.  I have sent for you. 
I am to be your sensei--your mentor--whatever you prefer. 
As you can see, I am also the master of this dojo.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Karate?

     RECTANGLE

          TOKIMI:  The first art in any discipline is
self-defense.  If you wish to share in my vision, you must
be willing to fight me.  If not, then you are not worthy of
honor.

          TENCHI:  Oh.  Did I come at a bad time?  I could
come back later.

          TOKIMI:  No.  As it happens, this is convenient. 
It raises some disturbing questions, but I think I can
manage.

     She makes a quick kiai and kicks Tenchi in the chest,
lightning-quick.  Tenchi goes tumbling backward.

     CU. TENCHI

     He is lying on the ground, coughing and gasping for
breath.

     CU. TOKIMI

     She smirks and narrows her eyes in disappointment.

          TOKIMI:  Slow.  You are much too slow.  This is
going to take some time.

35   INT. DINING HALL

     Sasami enters from the hallway as Kimiko sits at a
table, drinking coffee, looking at a paper.

          SASAMI:  Kimiko, have you seen Tenchi?

     CU. KIMIKO

     Looking up, blankly.

          KIMIKO:  No.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Did he tell you he was going somewhere?

     CU. KIMIKO

     Looking back at the paper.

          KIMIKO:  Not that I remember.  You know how he
mumbles, sometimes.  I'm sure he'll be right back.

36   EXT. HYPERSPACE

     A convoy of cargo ships is cruising through hyperspace.
A couple of GP cruisers go shooting by.

37   INT. CARGO SHIP

     A large crate opens and Washu emerges, holding
Ryo-Ohki.  Ryoko floats out and Ayeka pokes her head out.

          RYOKO:  This is such a pain, you know.  It's all
your fault, too, Princess.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  My fault?  How is any of this my fault?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Those cops are after you.  If we weren't
sticking our necks out for you, we'd have found Tenchi by
now.

     CU. WASHU

     Rolling her eyes.

          WASHU:  Ryoko, those cops are after all of us--

     SHIP

          RYOKO:  Yeah, now--

          AYEKA:  I recall it was my suggestion to look on
Leo-three in the first place--

          WASHU:  Girls, please!  This situation is much
more serious than just the three of us!

     CU. RYO-OHKI

     She meows, a little indignantly.

     CU. WASHU

     She looks down, a little surprised.

          WASHU:  Okay, the four of us.  (looking up)  Just
think about it.  Cops and pirates are trying to kill us and
working together to do it.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Yeah.  Pirates blasting away at us at all
has to mean something.  They must be preparing for
something.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Oh my god!  Yes.  This is in direct
violation of all their Juraian Pirate Guild pacts.  We must
at least make some report to the Supreme Council.

     SHIP

     Washu frowns as she ponders.

          WASHU:  Well...

          RYOKO:  Those politicians!  (snorting)  Don't make
me laugh!  They only know how to argue.  What do you expect
them to do?

          AYEKA:  (grim)  Those politicians, as you call
them, are my family.  You'd do well to appreciate that,
Ryoko.

          RYOKO:  I think that was my point.

          AYEKA:  What exactly are you implying?

     CU. WASHU

     She scowls in supreme annoyance.

          WASHU:  Everybody shut up!  What we need is to
meditate on all this... quietly...  We aren't exactly in a
position to command the fleet, here.

38   INT. KIMIKO'S BEDROOM

     Sasami is sitting on the floor, reading a book.  She
looks around, annoyed, and sighs.  She looks at the book
again, reading a bit more.  She looks up, suddenly, and
closes the book.  She puts the book down, calmly, and
stands.

          SASAMI:  (to herself)  Where are you, Tsunami?

     She looks in the mirror, and flinches.  She looks down
and puts her hands on either side of the mirror, as if to
support herself.

          SASAMI:  (VO)  Help me!  Stop fighting me!  Show
me...

39   INT. LIBRARY

     Tsunami is sitting on the floor, reading a book.  She
looks around, apparently annoyed, and sighs.  She starts to
look at the book again, and then calmly closes it, putting
it down.  She rests her chin on her hands, thoughtfully.

     Alepios enters, carrying a couple of books.  He starts
toward one of the shelves and looks around at Tsunami.  He
smiles, and goes to stand next to her.

          ALEPIOS:  I got those books you wanted back.  The
ancient histories, right?

          TSUNAMI:  I wouldn't exactly call them history. 
They're more like theater of the time.

     CU. ALEPIOS

     He puts down the books and sits down next to her.

          ALEPIOS:  Having trouble reading, today?

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  Huh?

     CU. ALEPIOS

          ALEPIOS:  You seem to be worried about something. 
Anything wrong?  Nothing serious, I hope.

     LIBRARY

          TSUNAMI:  (amused)  What could be wrong?  I have
been to death's door and back.  If that doesn't scare me,
what could?

          ALEPIOS:  (pondering)  Really?  That doesn't sound
all that scary.  What if I told you I wanted you to be mine.
Would that scare you?

          TSUNAMI:  (a little stunned)  Uh...  Well, it
isn't altogether unexpected.  (softly)  It does scare me a
little.

     CU. ALEPIOS

     Leaning a little closer.

          ALEPIOS:  (casual)  Why is that?  It doesn't scare
me a bit.

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  Oh?  I don't scare you?  You know about
my hobbies--I mean, the things I used to do.

     CU. ALEPIOS

          ALEPIOS:  Your adventures, you mean.  Yes.  It
proves to me how brave you are.  We are so much alike,
Tsunami.  I don't fear you.  I admire you.

     LIBRARY

     Tsunami stands, looking a little terrified.

          TSUNAMI:  Now, you're scaring me.  (a little
amused)  Look at me.  I'm actually trembling.  What am I
going to do?

     CU. ALEPIOS

     He continues to sit, looking up at her, intently.

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  I think I should go.

     LIBRARY

     Tsunami quickly crosses the room and exits.  Alepios
smiles, briefly, and folds his arms.  Tsunami re-enters and
quickly returns next to Alepios.

          TSUNAMI:  I think I just fell into your trap.

          ALEPIOS:  You want me to heal you again?

     LIBRARY

     Tsunami sits down next to Alepios and reaches up to
him.  He takes her hand, and they gently close on each
other--face-to-face.

     CU. TSUNAMI

     Looking down, just before they can touch.

          TSUNAMI:  (softly)  Careful.  I've been known to
bite.

     CU. ALEPIOS

          ALEPIOS:  (softly)  I think I can deal with it.

     LIBRARY

     They continue to hold hands as they kiss, very
tentatively.  They break for a moment, and Alepios embraces
her.  They stare for another moment and kiss again, very
gently but very intensely.

     Just as they are about to pull away again, a small girl
with blonde hair and a pet in her arms walks into the
library, looking around at them curiously.

     CU. ALEPIOS

          ALEPIOS:  (looking around)  Pytho?

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  (catching her breath)  Pytho?  Who's
Pytho?  (she looks around)  The girl is named Pytho?

     LIBRARY

     The little girl leaves, and Alepios looks as if he is
about to get up for a moment.  He then smiles and looks at
Tsunami again.

          ALEPIOS:  The pet.  I had a pet named Pytho a few
years ago.  I lost him one day and I thought I'd never see
him again.  That little girl had him.

          TSUNAMI:  Wow.  Imagine how that happened.

40   INT. CARGO SHIP

     Washu is wrapping a pipe with strips of cloth dipped
into some gel.  She looks up briefly and scowls, annoyed. 
Ryo-Ohki is sitting on her shoulder.  Ayeka and Ryoko are in
another heated discussion.

          AYEKA:  If Juraians were involved, we'd have never
made it past the mine field.

          RYOKO:  So, why didn't they attack us on that
remote planet?  We weren't exactly hiding there.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  It takes time to form a conspiracy.  You
don't just assassinate your own leaders in a day, you know.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  They had two weeks.  Are you saying that
even your assassins have to wait for approval from the
Council, too?

     CU. WASHU

     She rolls her eyes.

     SHIP

          AYEKA:  (furious)  Juraians do not condone
assassination!  That barbaric practice is the fashion of
space pirates, like you!

          RYOKO:  Oh, really?  How do you explain the last
five emperors, then?  They didn't exactly die of old age.

          AYEKA:  (stiff)  Juraian royalty is often exposed
to danger.  Sometimes, they get into arguments about how to
deal with the dangers, and people can do foolish things, but
they never intentionally--

          RYOKO:  Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Whatever you say,
Princess.  It doesn't matter, now.  What we have now is a
situation.  Situations typically lead to war.  For all we
know, we might be in the middle of a big battle.

     Washu takes one long, dry cloth and wraps it the
complete way around the pipe.  She then takes a small fan
and starts to dry the pipe.

     CU. AYEKA

     Pondering, thoughtfully.

          AYEKA:  Well, we have an inspection station coming
up.  We should formulate some strategy around it.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Yeah.  I hadn't thought of that.  We can't
just march through an inspection station.  They'd recognize
us right away.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  They have force field barriers all around,
so we can't go around.  We'll have to create a diversion.

     SHIP

          RYOKO:  No, no.  A diversion wouldn't work. 
They'd be on us that much quicker if we tried.  I think we
should wear disguises.

          AYEKA:  Disguises?  How would that fool them? 
They do a lot more than just look at you at an inspection
station, especially when they expect someone.

          RYOKO:  Well, it's better than some stupid
diversion.  What are you going to use for a diversion?

          AYEKA:  A disguise would never work.  They'd
recognize you right away just by your heat signature, Ryoko.

     Washu sighs, tying a long cloth around her forehead
nice and tight.  She checks the pipe and puts it into a
sheath over her back, narrowly missing Ryo-Ohki in the
process.  Washu absently pets Ryo-Ohki and then folds her
arms.

          RYOKO:  Washu?  What do you think?  Diversion or
disguise?  Maybe both?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (grim)  In these situations, girls,
there's really only one way.  You've got to blast your way
through.

41   EXT. GRASSY PLAIN

     Tenchi walks toward a large X, standing in the ground. 
Just in front of the X is a somewhat large table.  At the
narrow ends are three normal chairs each, and at each long
end are three reclined chairs each.  To one side of the X is
a tree, curiously waving, as if in a slight breeze.  To the
other side of the X is a small stream, flowing into and out
of the ground itself.  The X itself appears to be wooden,
scarred and covered with scratches.  Little lights and bells
hang from cords attached to the nails--and they also sway,
as if in a slight breeze.

     Sitting in one reclined chair is Tokimi.  She appears
to have been waiting.

          TOKIMI:  Sit and eat, please.  I've gone through a
lot of trouble to put this together.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  It looks nice, but I'm not that hungry.

     CU. TOKIMI

          TOKIMI:  (softly)  Didn't anyone ever tell you
that it is rude to refuse your host?  Please, I insist.

     PLAIN

     Tenchi frowns and goes to the table, sitting at one of
the normal chairs.  He takes a dish and is about to eat.

          TOKIMI:  (casual)  If you are worried about
Sasami, you need not be.  I will make sure she is taken care
of.

     Tenchi stops for a moment, a little awkward.

          TENCHI:  Oh.  I completely forgot.

     CU. TOKIMI

     Frowning and alert.

          TOKIMI:  You forgot?  How terribly thoughtless of
you, Tenchi.  Someone should really teach you some manners.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (subdued)  This isn't like me.  I must
have forgotten in all the excitement.

     PLAIN

     Tokimi lies back, apparently contemplating.

          TOKIMI:  I know this must seem like a lot, but we
have plenty of time, here in the underworld.

          TENCHI:  Where?

          TOKIMI:  The underworld.  This is my own little
hideaway.  I like to think of it as my vacation home.

     CU. TOKIMI

          TOKIMI:  Haven't you noticed that there is no sky?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Uh...  (gesturing upward)  Well, what's
that?

     CU. TOKIMI

          TOKIMI:  That's also the ground, Tenchi. 
Actually, if you go far enough, you escape the centrifugal
forces.  What do you think is holding us down?

     PLAIN

          TENCHI:  Uh...

          TOKIMI:  I see.  You are too used to surface-
living.  Well, here in the underworld, we are held in
special forces.  One force causes us to stay down--which is
actually up, but I digress.  The other force causes us to
perceive time in a curved fashion.  Suffice it to say that
for each day in the above-world, we experience two weeks
here in the underworld.  So, as I said, we have plenty of
time.

          TENCHI:  Oh.  So, we're just below the surface of
Leo-three.

          TOKIMI:  Actually, this is below the surface of
your Earth.

     CU. TENCHI

     Looks rather shocked by this revelation.

     CU. TOKIMI

          TOKIMI:  (casual)  I just knew you would
appreciate this little fact.

42   EXT. FUNAHO TREE

     Little streams of light shoot out of Funaho, up into
the sky.

43   INT. LIBRARY

     Tsunami is leaning on Alepios as he plays his flute. 
The song is slow and legato, but very lilting in its
melody--like Debussy in slow rhythm.

          TSUNAMI:  I know this piece.  How does it go?

     Alepios stops playing, and he looks around at Tsunami.

          ALEPIOS:  Well, the refrain just repeats itself. 
You know:  'Heaven and Earth,/ Heaven and Earth,/ Heaven and
Earth,/ Heaven Heaven Heaven and Earth...'

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  (amused)  I knew that.  I meant, what
are the lyrics?  How does it start?

     CU. ALEPIOS

     Pondering for a moment.  He picks up the flute and
plays a couple of measures, then nods to himself.

          ALEPIOS:  'Where is my home?/ My home is right
here./ Where will be my home?/ My home remains right
here...'

     CU. TSUNAMI

     Smiling in recognition.

          TSUNAMI:  Ah, yes.  I've always loved that old
song.  (sigh)  It reminds me of happy times.

     CU. ALEPIOS

          ALEPIOS:  (reflective)  Yes.  It was always just
words to me before.  To me, now, it seems like a fresh new
song.

44   INT. KIMIKO'S BEDROOM

     Sasami looks up, straight into the mirror--as if in
surprise.  She looks around, seemingly disoriented.  She
looks at herself.

          SASAMI:  What is happening to me?

45   EXT. SPACE

     A long line of cargo ships is waiting in a pocket of
force fields, flanked by large battleships.  At the end of
the line is a large space station.  A small flight of cargo
ships departs, escorted by a GP cruiser.

46   INT. CARGO SHIP

     Washu is studying a tactical display, as Ayeka and
Ryoko look over her shoulder.  Washu is holding Ryo-Ohki,
petting her gently.

          WASHU:  The key beam in the fourth cross-section. 
We hit that and go right through.  If we time it right,
we'll only space a few pieces of luggage.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (unsure)  It seems sound, but it is very
risky.  If they have their defense system activated, we'll
be flying right down the gauntlet.  We'd be lucky to make it
halfway.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Yeah.  No offense, Washu, but the princess
is right.  We'd stand a much better chance if we just blast
through the main arm.

     CU. WASHU

     Scowling in disgust.

          WASHU:  It's a nice strategy, but it neglects one
very important point:  you kill the security guards who
station those sections.  I'd say that's probably four or
five...

     CU. RYOKO

     Flinching, remorsefully.

     CU. AYEKA

     Frowning, as if swallowing a hot pepper.

     SHIP

          WASHU:  Let's keep the body-count to a minimum,
huh?  The cross-sections are passable.  You just have to
time them right.

          AYEKA:  Then what?  They'll have three or four
battleships on us before we can escape.  At a minimum, we'd
encounter cruisers at the other end.  We can probably out-
maneuver them, but we'd never get out of their firing
paths.

          RYOKO:  We'll need a diversion then, for sure.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Leave that to me.  I already have a plan.

     She absently pats the sheathed rod hanging on her back.

47   EXT. GRASSY PLAIN

     Tenchi is once again walking alone across a dim, grassy
plain.  He looks around and eventually finds a path leading
to an arch.  The arch is entitled 'Temple of Fate' across
the top bar.  Leading from the arch is a stone pathway--
which leads to a small building, seemingly carved out of a
hillside.

     As he goes beneath the arch, Tokimi appears, wearing a
black robe with the hood up.  She stands in his way, holding
out her hand, as if to ward him away.

          TOKIMI:  Do you dare approach the sacred temple?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (a little shocked)  Huh?  Oh, sorry.  Did
I do something wrong?

     CU. TOKIMI

          TOKIMI:  (softly)  Before you speak to me again,
you will remove your shoes.  You happen to standing on
sacred ground, young man.

     PATHWAY

     Tenchi looks at his feet curiously for a moment, then
removes his shoes.

          TOKIMI:  Once you have demonstrated your
enlightenment to me, you may enter the temple.  If not, then
your fate will have to remain a mystery.

          TENCHI:  Uh...  Okay.

          TOKIMI:  What is the purpose of self-defense?

     CU. TENCHI

     He ponders for a moment.

          TENCHI:  The harmonizing of passive and active
motions?

     CU. TOKIMI

     Fairly irritated.

          TOKIMI:  I said, the purpose.  What is the purpose
of self-defense?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Oh.  Uh...  To defend yourself?

     PATHWAY

     Tokimi slumps in disgust and points.

          TOKIMI:  Away, you ignorant boy!  Go over there,
to the study hall.

48   INT. CLASSROOM

     A small class is in session--the students looking
through books, making notes or talking to each other. 
Mihoshi is sitting in the front, staring at her notes
blankly.

     A teacher walks up to Mihoshi and hands her a note. 
Mihoshi looks at it curiously, then leaves the room.

49   INT. HALLWAY

     Some uniformed figures go marching by, as Mihoshi
receives a call.  The display shows Sasami, standing in a
small kitchen.

          MIHOSHI:  Vanished?  Are you sure?  What did
Kimiko say?

          SASAMI:  (display)  She said she doesn't know for
sure.  (softly)  I have a funny feeling about her, though. 
I don't trust her.

          MIHOSHI:  Where do you think he could be?  It's
not like him to run off like this without saying something.

          SASAMI:  (display)  I know.  I can't help thinking
it has something to do with that quest.  He mentioned
something about Leo-three being popular with war veterans. 
I wonder if Tenchi had a run-in with one.  This is all very
disturbing, Mihoshi.

          MIHOSHI:  Yeah.  Well, I can't spare the time, at
the moment.  I'll do what I can, but I have classes till the
end of the week.  Maybe I can get leave then.

          SASAMI:  (display)  Thanks for the thought.  I was
just checking.  I need to let Hikaru use the phone, now. 
Bye.

          MIHOSHI:  Bye.

     Mihoshi continues staring at the display as it flicks
out.  She ponders, vacantly.

          MIHOSHI:  (to herself)  Vanished...  Just like
magic...

50   EXT. TOWER OF THEMIS

     The tower becomes dark, as the night sky reddens.

51   INT. MIMI'S CLOSET

     The room has one nice bed with a dresser, a mirror and
several compartments.  Along the walls are little end tables
with ornate lamps and statuettes.

     Mimi is sitting at a desk, reading, as Alepios enters.

          ALEPIOS:  (firm)  Where is she?

          MIMI:  (casual)  Who?

          ALEPIOS:  You know who I mean--

          MIMI:  You mean, your lover--my sister.
Naturally, you suspect I've murdered her for sure, this
time.

     CU. ALEPIOS

     Considering, as he watches Mimi intently.

          ALEPIOS:  No offense, lady, but I wouldn't put it
past you.  You haven't exactly shown us a graceful
disposition, the past couple days.

     CU. MIMI

          MIMI:  (casual)  Oh?  I thought I was being kind.
My sister seems rather taken with you, so I have been
staying out of your way.

     ROOM

          ALEPIOS:  Yes, and giving me your dagger looks
every chance you get.  You don't think I notice?

          MIMI:  You are very brave, to insult me like this.
I am the most beautiful creature who ever lived.  Even
Tsunami has admitted as much.

          ALEPIOS:  Did she happen to comment on your inner
appearance?  I suspect she would not be quite as kind...

     CU. MIMI

     Sitting up, furious.

          MIMI:  You are dangerously close to losing your
head, servant boy!  Never forget who is the master, here.  I
am beautiful, graceful and very generous, but I can only
give so much before I decide I've had enough.  You watch
yourself!

     CU. ALEPIOS

     He frowns, thoughtful, and nods.

          ALEPIOS:  Yeah, that's what I thought.  Well,
someone will listen to me.  If they don't, I'll have more
than enough proof of what a monster you really are.

     ROOM

     Alepios leaves, as Mimi stands.  She seems about to
follow, then smiles, curiously.

          MIMI:  (to herself)  Very direct, that boy.  I'll
have to keep an eye on him.  (turning to a small statuette)
As for you...

     CU. STATUETTE

     A small statuette of Tsunami stands on an end table,
next to a bracelet and a couple of jewels.

          MIMI:  (OC)  I think it's about time I introduced
you to someone.

     ROOM

     Mimi stands up close to the statuette, as a figure like
Tsunami enters the room.  The figure moves and has a similar
manner to Tsunami, but seems vaguely distracted and very
silent.

          MIMI:  (to the statuette)  Tsunami, my dear 
sister, allow me to introduce you to Seven.  I call her that 
because seven is the number designated by the Fate Stone for 
inner peace--and I am certain this one will help you find 
it.

     CU. MIMI

          MIMI:  (reflective)  It's funny, you know, how the
littlest things can bring you such terrible ends.  When 
those elders accused me of murder, for example, I found 
myself in terrible fear of them.  I told them that I had 
more to fear for myself than you, and they decided to 
resolve this by giving me a bodyguard.  Of course, what they 
neglected to explain at the time was that he is a thick-
headed brute who is only really interested in torturing me 
with his 'lessons,' and using any excuse he can to keep me 
from my garden.

     ROOM

     Mimi waits, as if expecting a reply.

          MIMI:  What was that?  Oh, I forgot.  You're a
stone, now.  (sigh)  I rather like you in gray, Sister.
Especially in that size.  It's very becoming.  Oh, I suppose
--if you wanted to be technical about it--you're just slowed 
down.  You merely experience time at one two-hundredth the 
speed the rest of us do.  You should consider it a favor.  
While you can just relax and let the world go by, Seven will 
take all those tedious chores for you.  She could never work 
for that servant boy, though.  I'm afraid it wouldn't work 
out.

     CU. MIMI

     Very casual, as if in pleasant conversation.

          MIMI:  I can't have her work in my garden either.
I hate to just sit here while my life's work slowly dies
before my eyes, but Seven is quite incapable of the work.
It's all terribly sad for us.  Yes, you should thank me,
once I decide to let you free again.  The truth of the
matter is, beauty fades, love expires and people die.  I
simply must protect you from all that, and I can't think of
a better way than this.

     ROOM

     Mimi returns to the desk, picking up the book to read
again.

     CU. STATUETTE

     Tsunami's eyes seem to move, very slowly.

     CU. SEVEN

     She stares at the statuette, blankly curious.

52   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami is standing at the range, cooking.  Kimiko
enters and looks at Sasami, curiously.  Sasami looks at her
and has a sudden flash of recognition.

          SASAMI:  Hey, Kimiko.

          KIMIKO:  Yeah?

     CU. SASAMI

     Considering carefully.

          SASAMI:  Uh...  Never mind.  I just thought I
recognized you from somewhere else.

     CU. KIMIKO

     She looks a little nervous for a moment, then smiles.

          KIMIKO:  Oh.  (laughing)  Of course, you know me!
Your sister took a lot of pride in making sure you didn't
get to know me too well, though.

     KITCHEN

     Sasami turns back to her cooking, frowning in thought.

          SASAMI:  Better hurry, Kimiko.  We've got the
lunch crowd coming soon.

53   EXT. SPACE

     Ryo-Ohki goes through the cross-section of the space
station like a hot knife through butter.  Several cruisers
on the far end turn to face her as three warships approach
to outflank her.

54   INT. RYO-OHKI

     Ryoko is piloting, as Washu takes the prepared rod.
Ayeka examines a tactical display.

          AYEKA:  The defense system hasn't activated yet.
We can't possibly out-maneuver all those ships, though.

          RYOKO:  Oh yeah?  We'll just see about that.

          WASHU:  I have the torpedo ready, Ryoko.  Get
ready for a leading maneuver.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (frowning)  You want us to run from these
guys?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  We cannot possibly outrun those warships,
Little Washu.  It would be suicide.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Anyway, we don't have a torpedo tube...
Wait a minute...

     CU. WASHU

     She sighs in disgust.

          WASHU:  (softly)  Don't say it, Ryoko...

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Oh!  You mean, the exhaust vent!  Hey,
Ryo-Ohki, give it your best shot, girl!

55   EXT. SPACE

     Ryo-Ohki turns away from the warships and leads them
out toward empty space.  The warships appear to be closing
rapidly, firing their lasers at Ryo-Ohki.

     The torpedo flares out toward the lead warship, then
explodes in a super-bright flash of pure white light as it
gets hit by laser fire.

56   INT. RYO-OHKI

     Ryoko is already piloting away, as Washu makes an
order.

          WASHU:  Turn to planetary defense network.  Leo-
three will get them off our backs, if we can reach it.

          AYEKA:  And, also assuming they aren't in league
with those pirates.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Leo is a haven for old pirates, not these
brash young ones.

     CU. WASHU

     She looks again at the tactical display.

          WASHU:  (a little concerned)  Well, the torpedo
has attached to the lead vessel.  Now, the only problem is
that space station.  They still have us in the long-range
missile tracking system.

     The ship shudders from a blast.

     RYO-OHKI

          RYOKO:  I thought the flash would take out those
missiles.

          WASHU:  No.  Those missiles are frequency
trackers.  We can't counter-measure them.  We'll just have
to hope we don't get hit again.

     The ship shudders again from another blast.

          RYOKO:  Would you stop jinxing us, like that, 
Mom?!

     CU. WASHU

     She rolls her eyes, annoyed.

57   EXT. SPACE

     Two of the warships continue to pursue, quickly gaining
on Ryo-Ohki, as it approaches Leo-three.

58   INT. RYO-OHKI

     Ayeka looks sullen as she studies the tactical display.
Washu scowls, like suddenly noticing that a clock is running
backward for no reason.

          AYEKA:  Well...  It was close, but we're not going
to make it.  We're too far from the planetary defense
system.

          WASHU:  (wistfully)  This has to work.  There's no
other way, unless...

          AYEKA:  Unless what?

59   EXT. SPACE

     The two warships bear down on Ryo-Ohki, firing away 
with missiles and lasers.  Just as the missiles start to
converge, Tsunami appears, light halk wings extended.  The
missiles deflect off the wings, harmlessly.

     A flight of five Jurai warships suddenly appear just on
the flanking side of the two other warships.  They
immediately open fire with lasers, disabling the engines of
the warships.  Tsunami then turns and vanishes again.

60   INT. RYO-OHKI

     Ryoko and Ayeka stare on in stunned amazement.  Washu,
frowns, pondering.

          WASHU:  Well...  I think we've settled the
question of which side the Juraians are on.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  That was way too close.  I thought we were
goners, for sure.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  This must mean that Sasami is here.  If
Sasami is still here...

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (brightly)  Hey!  Now, aren't you girls 
glad I decided to come look for Tenchi here?

     RYO-OHKI

     Ayeka and Ryoko glare at Washu, rather venomously.

61   INT. MIMI'S CLOSET

     Seven continues to stare at the statuette,
thoughtfully.  Mimi glances at Seven, thoughtfully.

          MIMI:  What?

     Seven frowns, pondering.

     CU. SEVEN

          SEVEN:  Could we switch?  I'd really prefer to be
stone.  It's too hot in the real world.

     CU. MIMI

          MIMI:  (annoyed)  Just shut up.

62   INT. TENT

     Washu is working on Ryo-Ohki again with some tools, as
Ryoko and Ayeka sit near a heater, shivering.

          RYOKO:  What's taking that service ship so long?

          WASHU:  I think they have their hands full, just
helping the Juraians clean up that little battle.

          AYEKA:  We would crash on a snowy plain, again.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Just look at the bright side.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  What bright side?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  At least we're on the right planet, this
time.

THE END

