
Author:   Mike Fenton <mpfenton@hotmail.com>
Title:    AFS #15 (SILLY LESSONS)
Notes:    Regular (OVA), script format
Summary:  Ayeka has a mysterious visitor and Ryoko gets a 
          hair-raising revelation.

[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.  Minmei is an homage (ahem, ripoff) to
the character in Robotech--Lynn Minmei (Minmay), the sweet
girl of Rick Hunter's (Ichijo Hikaru) dreams who he
naturally decides to dump at the end.  Robotech is the
property of Harmony Gold, and was made from SDF:  Macross--
which was made by Tatsunoko Studios.]

1    EXT. NEAR GATE

     Open on trees with coloring, suggesting early fall. 
Two large log-like creatures guard the entrance.

          AZAKA:  Just another fine morning?

          KAMIDAKE:  Yes.  It's going to be another peaceful
day.

2    EXT. A SMALL CLEARING NEARBY

     A couple figures wearing a peculiar style of GP uniform
force a man with a video camera away from the area, toward a
small vehicle.

          VIDEO GUY:  Hey, who are you guys?  You can't
suppress the media!  What do you think you're doing?

3    INT. RYOKO'S BEDROOM

     Ryoko is lying in bed, covers sprawled--looking like
warmed-over death.  One arm is hanging limp over the side,
and she is merely staring upward, blankly.  (Ryoko appears
to be very thin--like someone dying of cancer.  Her face is
sharp and her eyes seem large.  Her hair is mostly flat and
limp, and she moves with a kind of vague slouching--like a
death march.)

     The door slides open for Sasami.  (Sasami appears to be
about eleven--tall and long-haired, but still fairly thin
and lacking in definition.)  She scowls and waves at the
air.

          SASAMI:  Ryoko!  How long have you been lying
there?  What in the world were you drinking?

     Ryoko glances at the door and groans.  She closes her
eyes and struggles to get up, failing.  She sighs and looks
around again.

          RYOKO:  (not much more than a croak)  Go away.

     Mihoshi appears next to Sasami.

          SASAMI:  Ryoko?  Are you sick or something?

          MIHOSHI:  Hey Sasami, did something die in here? 
It smells like a dead skunk.

     Ryoko gets up and glares at the door.

          RYOKO:  Leave me alone!

     Sasami flinches and Mihoshi gapes.  They slowly close
the door.  Ryoko lies back down.  A few beats pass, and the
door slides open again.

          RYOKO:  (looking around)  Didn't you hear me?  Oh,
it's just you.

     Tenchi looks on in pity and disgust.  (Tenchi looks
about twenty-one--a little more muscular and defined.  His
hair is still short, although he wears a thicker pony-tail.)

     Ryoko stares upward again.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  Just let me die!  Please!

4    EXT. FLOATING ONSEN

5    INT. POOL

     Tenchi is sitting over Ryoko--who is sitting in the
pool.  Tenchi has a considerately annoyed look.

          TENCHI:  You should really eat more.  You look
like you could blow away in a strong wind.

          RYOKO:  I'm not hungry.  (her stomach growls) 
Okay, maybe just a little.

     Tenchi hands her a bowl and some chopsticks.  She the
bowl.  She starts to eat, then looks up at Tenchi.

          RYOKO:  You're not embarrassed?

          TENCHI:  (a twisted smile)  Nothing I haven't seen
a hundred times, Ryoko.

     Ryoko goes back to eating.  Tenchi sighs and leans on
his hands.

          TENCHI:  What's the matter with you, Ryoko?  You
know I care about you.

          RYOKO:  (nearly choking)  Oh yeah, sure...

          TENCHI:  Well...

          RYOKO:  (smiling grimly)  Then why don't you join
me?

     Tenchi rolls his eyes.  Ryoko looks back at her food.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  That's what I thought.

          TENCHI:  You still hate me.  You'd never forgive
me, you know.

          RYOKO:  (sullen)  I know.  I really hate it when
you're right.

          TENCHI:  What's the hurry, anyway?  I'm not going
anywhere.

          RYOKO:  Really?

          TENCHI:  Yeah.

     She frowns, thoughtfully.  Tenchi is a little nervous,
he reflexively ponders.

          TENCHI:  I think the Galaxy Police have finally
rounded up all those damn fortune hunters.  It was a good
thing those knights showed up when they did.  It's weird,
but the media still has no idea what's really going on.

     Ryoko finishes and sets the bowl aside.

          RYOKO:  People aren't stupid.  They know there's
something here.  I think Yosho is kidding himself if he
thinks this is still a big secret.

          TENCHI:  Sasami said it wasn't on TV, so I think
we're okay.

          RYOKO:  (flinching slightly)  You always listen to
Sasami?

          TENCHI:  What?

          RYOKO:  (annoyed)  Tenchi, every other time we
talk, it's always 'Sasami said this' or 'Sasami said that.' 
What's going on?  You're always hanging around with that
kid, lately.

          TENCHI:  (pleasant)  I can't help it if she likes
me.  What am I going to do?  Tell her to buzz off?

     Ryoko dunks her head for a moment, then comes back up.

          RYOKO:  (casual)  She's sinking her claws into
you, Tenchi.  You don't notice it, but she's not a little
kid anymore.  She has a very different look about her,
lately.  I'm telling you, Tenchi.  That girl is really
giving me the creeps.  I thought Ayeka was scary, but she's
pleasant and nice compared to Sasami.

          TENCHI:  Don't be silly, Ryoko.  You're just
imagining things, again.  Sasami has never said or done
anything threatening.

          RYOKO:  Just my point.  She's luring you into a
false sense of security.  Then, when you're totally under
her influence--bang!

          TENCHI:  (smirking)  What?

     She turns to Tenchi.

          RYOKO:  Oh, Tenchi.  (mournfully)  Promise me you
won't ever leave without telling me.  Please...

          TENCHI:  (a little shocked)  Huh?  Oh, okay...

     Ryoko pleads with her eyes.

          RYOKO:  Tenchi, this is serious.  I'm really
worried.

          TENCHI:  (amused)  Wow, that's weird.  Me run off
with Sasami?  I've never even thought about it...

          RYOKO:  (irritated)  Aren't you listening to me?

     The door slides open and Sasami enters.

          SASAMI:  Oh!  There you are!  Hey Tenchi, I've got
another one.  I'd really like to know what you think.

     Tenchi looks around at Sasami.  Ryoko frowns, looking
away.

          TENCHI:  (brightly)  Another libretto?  Hey,
that's great!  I'll be right with you.

          SASAMI:  (looking down)  Oh, hey Ryoko!  I hope
you feel better.  (looking up again)  See you, Tenchi.

     Sasami makes a nice wave and Tenchi chuckles and waves
back.

          RYOKO:  (contralto)  Well, what are you waiting
for?

     He looks down at Ryoko in some confusion.

          TENCHI:  Huh?

6    TITLE:  "EPISODE 15:  SILLY LESSONS"

7    EXT. MASAKI FRONT YARD

     Mihoshi is wearing a teacher's uniform and Ayeka is
wearing gardening overalls.  Ayeka is arranging some large
rocks by a bit of entourage.

          MIHOSHI:  What are you doing, Ayeka?

          AYEKA:  (matter-of-factly)  Just about to serve
some tea, actually.  No better place for tea than the yard,
you know.

          MIHOSHI:  (amused)  You don't think it's strange? 
Isn't it silly to sit in the yard, drinking tea?

     Ayeka bends down to arrange another rock.

          AYEKA:  No, not at all.  I imagine it would be
quite relaxing.

          MIHOSHI:  (a little flustered)  But what if it
starts to rain?

     Ayeka kneels to adjust another rock.

          AYEKA:  But that is what the sky is for, Mihoshi. 
It is there to serve us tea.  Why else would we be out in
the yard?

          MIHOSHI:  Huh?  Oh, that's just silly!

          AYEKA:  (very casual)  What's so silly about the
sky?  I think the sky is a remarkable thing.  There are many
civilizations that never get to see the sky--I mean, except
through windows in the ground.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh wow!  Really?

          AYEKA:  Don't tell me you've never visited one.

          MIHOSHI:  (pondering)  Well...

          AYEKA:  (smiling in a peculiar way)  In those
civilizations, Mihoshi, up is down and people float along
the ground to wherever they want.  There is no need for a
sky.  After visiting such a place, you come to understand
that the world is just a place fed by an ever-watching sky.
The sky is our friend--you might say it is our tea-time
companion.

     Ayeka gets up again, as Mihoshi scowls in thought.

          AYEKA:  But in this world, Mihoshi, we have to
make sure that the sky is happy.  You understand?

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...

          AYEKA:  Yes?

          MIHOSHI:  (stumped)  No...

          AYEKA:  Well, we are not all worthy of our
companions.  I have noticed this more and more every day. 
You have a companion named Tenchi, I do believe?

          MIHOSHI:  (slightly alarmed)  Uh...  Well, yeah...

          AYEKA:  (waxing eloquent)  Make sure your
companions are happy, Mihoshi.  Don't let your friend Tenchi
get beguiled by unwanted visitors.

     Ayeka kneels to arrange another group of rocks.

          MIHOSHI:  But isn't Tenchi your friend, too?

          AYEKA:  (snippy)  Don't get technical on me,
Mihoshi.  You're supposed to be my mentor, remember?

          MIHOSHI:  (sigh)  I know you're just having fun
with me, Ayeka.  I'll leave you alone for awhile.

          AYEKA:  Farewell.  Don't fall into the sky,
Mihoshi.

     Mihoshi turns and quickly returns to the house.  Ayeka
wipes away some sweat.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  What a nitwit!

     She looks up and widens her eyes in surprise.

     A short, pretty girl with long, dark hair appears.  She
looks vaguely rat-like, and her gaping expression might give
someone the impression that she is charmingly naive.

          AYEKA:  Minmei!  Hey, is that you?

          MINMEI:  It's me!  Who else would that statue be?

     Ayeka hugs Minmei.

          AYEKA:  It has been so long!  You still stand like
a statue.

     They chuckle and look at each other.

          MINMEI:  Well, you look more like a statue.  I
don't suppose you've gotten any less fussy?

          AYEKA:  This statue has been carving away at some
slight blemishes of her own.

          MINMEI:  (wryly amused)  Anyone else doing some
carving?

          AYEKA:  (giggling)  If anyone knows about carving,
Minmei, it's you.

     They seem amused for a moment, then Ayeka frowns,
gesturing.

          AYEKA:  You should come inside, Minmei.  Have
something to drink while you explain what brings you here. 
There must be quite a bit of catching-up to do.

          MINMEI:  (starting to follow)  There's not much to
tell, actually.  I hope you don't get disappointed.

          AYEKA:  Now, how could I possibly be disappointed?
It's not every day that a good friend comes to visit.

          MINMEI:  Well, I'm not actually here to just
visit...

8    INT. MAIN HALL

     Tenchi is sitting at the table, writing.  Sasami is
sitting across from Tenchi, looking in a booklet, holding a
flute.

          TENCHI:  (still writing)  That was up to A-sharp?

          SASAMI:  B...

          TENCHI:  Oh, okay.  Oh, I see.  This sequence is
just a harmonic of the last.

          SASAMI:  (smiling)  It's just another pattern,
Tenchi.  I thought you knew all about this stuff.

          TENCHI:  (scratching his head)  Actually, I'm not
very good at musical composition.

     Sasami frowns and looks down at the libretto.

          SASAMI:  I'm not sure this lyric really works,
though.

          TENCHI:  Which one?

          SASAMI:  '...among the shadows, longing to see,/
If you will ever return to me...'  It seems so cliche, don't
you think?

          TENCHI:  I think it's really good.

          SASAMI:  (still frowning)  I don't know. 
'...yearning to see...', '...eager to see...'?  It's that
word 'see,' I think.  Nothing good rhymes with 'see.'

     Ayeka and Minmei enter.  Ayeka leads Minmei to the
table.

          AYEKA:  Lord Tenchi, I'd like you to meet someone.
This is Minmei.  She and I were constant companions at one
time.

          MINMEI:  Hi, everybody.

     Tenchi and Sasami look at Minmei.

          TENCHI:  Hi.

          SASAMI:  Hello, Minmei!

     Sasami stands as Minmei approaches, thoughtfully.

          MINMEI:  Oh, wow!  Sasami, you've gotten really
big.  You're taller than me, now!  This is incredible!

          SASAMI:  (chuckling)  Well, I couldn't stay young
forever...

          MINMEI:  Hmm...  I can't imagine it, but it must
be from living off-planet, huh?  I always thought I had a
century on you!

     Tenchi frowns, thoughtfully.

          AYEKA:  Now, Minmei.  We mustn't embarrass little
Sasami.  She's still very young, after all.

          MINMEI:  Yeah, but that's remarkable!

          AYEKA:  (somewhat annoyed)  Let's not dwell on the
obvious, Minmei.  I should like for us to discuss this
little arrangement we have.  I'm sure the others are already
curious.

          MINMEI:  (smiles sheepishly)  Oh!  Right.  Let's
sit down and have a drink, before we get started.  I'd like
all of us to get to know each other better.  This is going
to be much more fun than I thought.

          TENCHI:  (casual)  I'll just get some drinks.

          AYEKA:  No, that's okay, Lord Tenchi.  You make
yourself comfortable.  I shall get us something.

     Minmei and Sasami sit.

          MINMEI:  Lord Tenchi?  That's your name?

          TENCHI:  (nervous)  Well, it's really just Tenchi
Masaki...

          SASAMI:  Ayeka likes to be very formal, you know.

          MINMEI:  Hmm...  Yes.  You mind if I just call you
Tenchi, then?

          TENCHI:  (chuckling)  Oh, that's okay.  Really.

          MINMEI:  (smiling)  Super!  Now, Tenchi.  I want
you to hear this too.  I've been sent here by the Jurai
council to fill in for Mihoshi.  I'm not her replacement,
mind you.  They just wanted to be sure Mihoshi wasn't
overworked.  You understand?

          TENCHI:  Yeah.  So, what does this have to do with
me?

          MINMEI:  Well, I'm your tutor now.  I'm here to
train all of you--I mean you, Ayeka and Sasami.  I'm not
completely sure why they sent me.  I guess it's just because
Ayeka and I are such old friends...

     Ayeka reenters with a plate of drinks.

          SASAMI:  (frowns thoughtfully)  All of us?  Like a
class?  How is this going to work?

     Ayeka sets the drinks on the table and sits.

          MINMEI:  Well, I thought I'd handle you on an
individual basis and take it from there.  I mean, you all
have separate disciplines, right?  Ayeka, you were studying
arts and crafts?

          AYEKA:  Hmm...  I suppose I was.  I think we shall
have to discuss this at greater length.

          TENCHI:  Yeah, you can't really compare a Jurai
education with Earth, can you?

          AYEKA:  That's okay, Lord Tenchi.  I'm sure she
just means Sasami and myself.

          MINMEI:  No, no.  I want Tenchi in on this.  Jurai
is his roots, too.

          AYEKA:  What?

          MINMEI:  (nervous)  I know it's a little awkward,
but bear with me.  I'm a pretty lousy tutor, but I think we
can fourth-level if we study hard enough.

          TENCHI:  Fourth-level?

          AYEKA:  (still stunned)  You mean, you are Lord
Tenchi's tutor, as well?

     Minmei sighs.

9    OMIT

10   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ryoko goes across the balcony to her bedroom.

11   INT. RYOKO'S BEDROOM

     Ryoko enters her room and flops down in bed.  She snaps
her fingers and the room goes completely black.

     She flinches as a dim light hits her.

          RYOKO:  Hey!

     The alchemist sits on the floor, reading a book.  He is
holding a small torch.

          ALCHEMIST:  (softly)  Quiet!  I'm trying to read.

     Ryoko sits up in her bed.

          RYOKO:  Hey, old man, who are you and what are you
doing here?

          ALCHEMIST:  (smug)  An interesting question.  I'd
say I'm just a dirty old man violating a woman's
privacy--but I'd be wrong.  I'll have to settle for
something a little less obvious.

          RYOKO:  (teleporting in front of him)  Listen,
buster!  You've got two seconds to live if you don't answer
my question!

          ALCHEMIST:  Two seconds?  My my!  You are
generous.  I guess a long autobiography is out of the
question.  Oops!  I just used it all up!  (chuckling)  I
suppose I should look for a burial site or something.

     Ryoko glowers, as the alchemist continues to chuckle.

          RYOKO:  Hey!  I know you.  You're that guy who
blocked me when I went to follow Sasami into that
passageway!  You did something to Sasami, didn't you?  You
are a dirty old man!

          ALCHEMIST:  Hmm...  Just as I suspected.  Well,
since I obviously cannot erase your memory, I'm going to
have to make a deal.  I'm very good at making deals.

          RYOKO:  What are you talking about?  Don't change
the subject.  I'm still going to kill you, you know.

          ALCHEMIST:  Kill me?  How amusing!

     A light-dagger hovers just under his chin.  He sets
down the torch and very casually takes the light-dagger by
the blade.

          ALCHEMIST:  (curious)  Hmm...  Hey, now this is
some craftsmanship!  Huh?  Oh, sorry!

     He hands the dagger back to Ryoko.

          ALCHEMIST:  Just an old habit!

          RYOKO:  What the hell?

          ALCHEMIST:  Now, let's not get insulting.  I only
came here to conduct some business.  I don't get personal--
not that I can't.  It's just not a sound business policy.

     Ryoko puts away the dagger.

          RYOKO:  What kind of business?

     He picks up the torch again.

          ALCHEMIST:  (loftily)  You could say that I
illuminate the darkness.  I am an alchemist.

     Ryoko doubles over, laughing.

          ALCHEMIST:  (taken aback)  What?

          RYOKO:  I'm sorry, I thought you said you were an
alchemist!  What a joke!

          ALCHEMIST:  It's no joke.  You think I'm a
comedian?

          RYOKO:  Oh, there's no way!  It can't be done! 
What is alchemy, anyway?

          ALCHEMIST:  (very shrewd)  Alchemy is love.  I
believe this is something you are interested in.

          RYOKO:  (suddenly deadly serious)  What did you
say?  You'd better not be joking.

     The alchemist stands and faces her.

          ALCHEMIST:  (firm)  I've never been more serious. 
I know all about you, Ryoko.  I have a good memory.

          RYOKO:  What are you talking about?  How do you
know me?

          ALCHEMIST:  It was a little over three years ago. 
I saw you in a rather revealing moment.  You fought with
yourself and your other self over Tenchi's fate.  It aroused
my interest.  Now, what I want to know is how much you know
about me.

          RYOKO:  Only that you're obviously not someone to
be trusted.  What did you do with Sasami?

          ALCHEMIST:  (aloof)  I could tell you all about
Sasami--anything you could ever want to know--but it would
cost you the opportunity of a lifetime, Ryoko.  Think about
it.

          RYOKO:  (scowling)  Okay.  I want to know
something.  How can I win Tenchi again?

          ALCHEMIST:  (very matter-of-factly)  You can't. 
Tenchi is beyond your reach, now.  Sorry.

     Ryoko reels a little.

          RYOKO:  (nearly breathless)  What?

          ALCHEMIST:  I said he is out of your reach, but I
can give him to you.  For me, it's a snap.

          RYOKO:  (groaning)  No, I don't believe you! 
(vicious)  You're a monster!

          ALCHEMIST:  (chuckling)  Hey, it isn't my problem.
I'm just a businessman.  This is your problem.

     Ryoko tries to slap him, but the alchemist grabs her
hand.  Ryoko tries to pull her hand away.

          ALCHEMIST:  You should be more respectful to your
elders, young lady.  I'm old enough to be your grandfather.

          RYOKO:  Let me go!

     The alchemist continues to hold her hand, drawing her
closer.

          ALCHEMIST:  (softly)  I know what you want, Ryoko.
You want a quick change, but it can't happen quickly.  You
have to be patient.  Time is an absolute.

     Ryoko suddenly flies backward a few feet, rubbing her
hand.

          ALCHEMIST:  (casual)  I'm usually a very pleasant
person, Ryoko.  All this dramatic nonsense is wearying to
me.  If you really take me seriously, you can visit me later
this evening.

          RYOKO:  (frowning)  Where?

          ALCHEMIST:  I'll be with the young man at about
that time.  I'll have a few things to ask him, as well.  See
you...

     The alchemist flickers, and the room is engulfed in
darkness.

12   INT. MAIN HALL (table)

     Minmei looks at her empty cup, frowning a bit.

          TENCHI:  Hey, you want some more?

          MINMEI:  Oh, that's okay.  I'm just wondering how
I'm going to catch up with all of you.  This is so
confusing...

          AYEKA:  (thoughtfully)  Yes, I agree.  This seems
more like an attempt to spy on me, although I can't believe
it.  Why would someone go to all this trouble?

     Minmei shrugs.  Ryoko floats down next to Tenchi.

          RYOKO:  (mournfully)  Tenchi?

     Tenchi looks around at Ryoko.

          TENCHI:  What the--?

     Ryoko is trembling, tearing up.

          RYOKO:  (terrified)  You know I love you, Tenchi. 
Don't you?

          TENCHI:  (kindly)  Ryoko!  What's the matter with
you?  Have you been drinking again?

     Ryoko begins to weep and hovers off through a wall. 
Minmei starts to ask something, then stops.

          MINMEI:  Uh...

     Ayeka looks around, then looks back toward Minmei.

          SASAMI:  Oh, Minmei.  That was Ryoko.  You might
have heard of her.

          AYEKA:  Yes.  You know, I wasn't quite sure how to
describe her, but I think this explains her much better than
I ever could.

13   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Midday.  Mihoshi sits on the front steps, leaning on
her hands.  Yosho comes out and stands just next to her.

          YOSHO:  Oh, hello Mihoshi.  Is there something
wrong?

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, it's probably nothing.

          YOSHO:  The studies are going well, I hope.

     She frowns and stares vacantly.

          MIHOSHI:  Ayeka's playing mind games with me
again.  I think she enjoys it, too.

          YOSHO:  Well, as long as it's all in fun, I don't
see the harm.

     Mihoshi looks up at Yosho.

          MIHOSHI:  You're not worried that she might start
acting crazy?  People who talk like that can become violent,
I know...

          YOSHO:  Hmm...  Yes, you're right, of course.  It
was prudent for you to bring this to me, but I doubt that we
need to worry.  Ayeka wants to be here, correct?

          MIHOSHI:  Huh?

          YOSHO:  She won't endanger herself.  As long as no
one is making her leave, I don't think we'll see any serious
trouble.

     Mihoshi looks back around, doubtfully.

          MIHOSHI:  You don't think Tenchi might want to
leave?

     He looks down at Mihoshi, fairly annoyed.

          YOSHO:  What makes you say that?

     Mihoshi sighs and leans on her hands again.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, nothing.  I'm probably wrong about
this.

     Yosho rubs his chin thoughtfully and returns to the
shrine.

14   INT. MAIN HALL (table)

     Tenchi and Sasami are at the table.  Sasami is looking
through her libretto, and Tenchi is pondering--a large
sketchbook lying in front of him.

          TENCHI:  I wonder what that scene this morning was
about?

          SASAMI:  Oh, well--you know Ryoko.

          TENCHI:  I thought I did.  She looked really
scary.  I've never seen her this bad.

     Sasami continues looking through the libretto.

          SASAMI:  Yeah.  I could see her hands trembling. 
She had a few lines around her eyes I hadn't seen before. 
Something must have given her a good shock.  I almost felt
sorry for her, myself.

     He looks intently at Sasami.

          TENCHI:  (softly)  You looked like you recognized
something.  Is there something you want to tell me, Sasami?

     She frowns and looks up.

          SASAMI:  (sighing)  Sorry, Tenchi.  I'd really
like to tell you, but I can't.  I made a promise.

15   EXT. PATIO

     Twilight.  Tenchi sits in a chair on the patio.  He
sits up, a look of mild surprise.  A door flickers and
materializes just above the patio.

     Tenchi approaches the door.  He touches it carefully,
then looks around.  He looks behind the door and considers.
He looks at the door skeptically.

     Tenchi knocks on the door.  The door promptly opens,
and the alchemist appears behind it.

          ALCHEMIST:  Yes?

          TENCHI:  You're the man who frightened Ryoko this
morning?  The one Sasami won't tell me about?

     The alchemist bows.

          ALCHEMIST:  The very same.  I am at your service. 
Won't you please come in?

     Tenchi follows alchemist in.  The door closes and
vanishes.  A moment later, Ryoko appears.  She looks around,
fairly irritated.

16   EXT. RIVERSIDE PATH

     A path leading through the woods to a castle.  Beside
the path is a bench.  The bench looks out across a vast
river.  Beyond the river are mountains.  The trees sway in a
good breeze.

     Tenchi and the alchemist walk toward the bench.  The
alchemist gestures, and Tenchi sits.

          TENCHI:  This is a nice spot.  This place seems
very peaceful.

          ALCHEMIST:  I recommend a good riverside view for
your retirement years.  It's very soothing.  You mind?

          TENCHI:  Not at all.  Please--

          ALCHEMIST:  Thank you.  (sitting)  It's so nice to
have a pleasant conversation.  Don't you think?

          TENCHI:  (looking very relaxed)  I agree.  It
seems like ages since the last one.

          ALCHEMIST:  (smiling)  You know, Tenchi--  I may
call you that, may I?

          TENCHI:  I don't mind.

          ALCHEMIST:  I just knew you would appreciate this
view.  You seem to be the calm and serious type.

     Tenchi starts to look thoughtful.

          TENCHI:  There's no point in getting worked up. 
What happens, happens.  So, you're retired?

          ALCHEMIST:  Well, I have some hobbies, but I'm
mostly retired.  

     He hands a book to Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  What's this?  'On Turning Straw Into
Gold'?  You're an alchemist?

          ALCHEMIST:  That's my profession.

          TENCHI:  Well, I've seen stranger things.

          ALCHEMIST:  Tenchi, do you mind if I test you? 
I'm just curious.  You seem to have a lot of hidden power.

          TENCHI:  (a little concerned)  Test me?  What do
you mean?  You don't mean scanners and samples?

          ALCHEMIST:  (chuckling)  Oh, nothing like that. 
I'm not a scientist.  My work is a little more subtle than
that.  I mean, I want to riddle you.  You just figure out
the riddles, that's all.

          TENCHI:  (confused)  Riddles?  How are riddles
going to find my hidden power?

          ALCHEMIST:  You'd be surprised what you can
discover just simply by asking the right questions.  But,
then again, maybe you wouldn't, huh?

          TENCHI:  Huh?  Oh, I see.  So, what do you want to
ask me?

     The alchemist slowly stands and stretches.

          ALCHEMIST:  Oh, no hurry.  I need to have time to
think of the right riddles, you know.  You aren't in a
hurry, are you?

          TENCHI:  (introspective)  No.  I guess not.

     Tenchi contemplates for a moment.  He looks at the book
again, then looks at the alchemist.

          TENCHI:  So, what's the book for?  Is this some
payment for the test?

          ALCHEMIST:  Huh?  No.  That's for Ryoko.  I need
an apprentice, and she seems like an excellent choice to me.

          TENCHI:  Why should she be your apprentice?

          ALCHEMIST:  Well, in return for her service, I can
make her very happy.  Ryoko is very easy to please.

          TENCHI:  Hmm...  Yeah.  Ryoko does need a hobby.

     Tenchi stands and looks around, thoughtfully.

          TENCHI:  I should probably go.

          ALCHEMIST:  It was a pleasure to meet you, young
man.  I look forward to seeing you again.

17   INT. LIBRARY

     Mihoshi scans a shelf.  Minmei enters behind her.

          MINMEI:  Hey!

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  (turning)  Oh, you scared me!

          MINMEI:  (amused)  Just having some fun, you know.

          MIHOSHI:  It's okay.  I just like to play nice.

          MINMEI:  (a little sullen)  Yeah, I realize that
now.  Sorry about this morning.

          MIHOSHI:  Huh?

          MINMEI:  It was very rude of me, but I just had to
know.  I mean, (chuckling) who would have believed it, huh? 
A house full of women all in love with one guy!  It just
seemed so crazy!

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  (nervously chuckling)  Yeah, it
does seem crazy.

          MINMEI:  I didn't know you'd go off like that. 
I'm not really taking Tenchi away--at least, I don't think I
am.

          MIHOSHI:  What do you mean by that?

          MINMEI:  (annoyed)  Well, those councilors were
pretty thorough about making sure I had a lot of passports
and rights waivers.  I looked at them, but they were only
made out for Tenchi.  Weird, huh?  It's like they expect him
to come back with me to Jurai.  I'm probably just being
stupid, though.

          MIHOSHI:  (very nervous)  Yeah, it's probably
nothing.

     Minmei becomes serious again.

          MINMEI:  You mind if I ask you something personal?

          MIHOSHI:  No...

          MINMEI:  What is it about that guy?  I mean, sure
he's cute and all, but no guy is worth this much trouble. 
They all just want the same things we want.  What's so
special about him?

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...

          MINMEI:  Well, not all guys are the same, of
course.  But, come on!  (chuckling again)  You aren't all
really in love with him, are you?

          MIHOSHI:  Well--

          MINMEI:  What is he, like a god or something?  I
know--you all just like the shy, mysterious type.  I'm
sorry, I'm just going on and on...  You must be terribly
bored by all this!  Here I am, just chattering away!

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...

18   INT. RYOKO'S BEDROOM

     Ryoko is sitting on her bed, considering a drink.  She
gulps it back and flinches.

     Tenchi enters.

          TENCHI:  Hey Ryoko, you busy?

          RYOKO:  (grimly amused)  I just have some music
stuck in my head, Tenchi.  You know, Earth songs are all
very pretty, but they're all about love--being in love, the
joy of love, the insanity of love, losing love, how painful
it is to lose love, how much you'd do to get love back... 
It's like they're reading my mind...

     He nervously scratches his head.

          TENCHI:  Uh, yeah.  I figured you'd be in a bad
mood, so I wasn't sure you would want to hear this...

     Ryoko teleports next to Tenchi at the door.

          RYOKO:  What?  Did that dirty old man tell you
anything about me?

          TENCHI:  Huh?  Oh, no.  He just said to give you
this-- (holding out the book)

          RYOKO:  (taking the book)  What is this?  He
thinks I want to be an alchemist?

          TENCHI:  That's the idea, I think.  He said there
was some kind of arrangement.

     She considers the book.

          RYOKO:  Tenchi, I really don't care about things
like this.  What kind of book just has one little trick in
it?  This is a really thick book--

          TENCHI:  (mildly amused)  Well, it's your choice,
Ryoko.  If I were you, though, I'd love to be able to turn
straw into gold.  It seems just like the kind of thing you'd
enjoy.

     Ryoko sets the book aside.

          RYOKO:  You think so?

          TENCHI:  Oh yeah.

          RYOKO:  (reluctant)  I guess it couldn't hurt to
give it a try.

19   INT. LIBRARY

     Mihoshi is paling as Minmei continues to chatter away.

          MINMEI:  It's none of my business, of course, but
what do you think your chances are?  I mean, let's be
realistic.  You think you have a better shot than Ayeka or
Ryoko?  Tenchi seemed to be hitting it off pretty well with
Sasami, too.  I know she's still pretty young, but she's
going to grow up someday.  If I were you, Mihoshi, I'd split
like crazy.  I mean, percentage-wise, you're at what?  Ten,
twenty, if that much?  That's five-to-one odds against, huh?
Everyone has a destiny, sure, but you think your destiny is
luckier than Ryoko's?  I mean, wow!  Mathematically, it's
just so silly!

          MIHOSHI:  (stunned)  Would you please shut up? 
I'm trying to think...

          MINMEI:  (wistful)  Sorry, but you've got to admit
it's curious.  I mean, I'm really confused.  Not that I'm
any big expert.  I've been around the block a few times, but
what do I know about real fixation?  You're really hung up
on this guy, right?

     Mihoshi flees the room.

          MIHOSHI:  Shut up!  Shut up!  Shut up!

          MINMEI:  (somewhat remorseful)  Hey!  What did I
say?

21   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Tenchi is drawing at his desk.  He hears a slight knock
and turns.  The door opens for Minmei.

          MINMEI:  Hey Tenchi, it's just me.

          TENCHI:  Oh, hey.  What's up?

          MINMEI:  Is it just me, or is everyone really
weird?  I keep trying to start a simple conversation, and
they all freak out on me.

          TENCHI:  What do you mean?

          MINMEI:  You mind if I come in?  This is so
awkward...

          TENCHI:  (chuckling nervously)  Oh, it's okay. 
Sorry I didn't invite you in.

     Minmei enters.

          MINMEI:  Thanks.  I was beginning to worry that
they were rubbing off on you.  I mean, I've always known
Ayeka was nuts, but she's my friend.  She's a nice kind of
crazy, you know?

          TENCHI:  (amused)  Yeah.

          MINMEI:  She can get downright vicious at times,
but she has lots of charm.  That goes a long way, for me.

          TENCHI:  I notice that you're not one to be shy--

          MINMEI:  (smiling sheepishly)  Well, you should
see me and Ayeka at the palace.  Whew!  I can never get a
word in, edgewise!  Around here, it's just so quiet.  I love
it, here.

          TENCHI:  I'm just trying to imagine what it must
be like.

          MINMEI:  (frowning)  Oh, you'd never fit in there,
Tenchi.  I mean, besides being from Earth--which is still
pretty much frowned on--I think you'd really hate how
elaborate and exhausting they can be there.  You know how
Ayeka likes to be so formal.  They're all like that
there--even lackeys and hangers-on like me.

          TENCHI:  You seem pretty casual.  I can't imagine
why anyone here would have trouble talking to you, Minmei. 
What's got everyone else so freaked out?

          MINMEI:  Well, Sasami just glared at me and said
that I'm rude.  Ayeka thought I was cracking jokes, and
Mihoshi just looked at me like I had the plague or
something.  I have no idea what's wrong with them.

          TENCHI:  What about Ryoko?

          MINMEI:  Hmm...  To tell you the truth, Tenchi, I
can't quite work up the courage to talk to her.  I'm really
worried she'll do something nasty to me.

          TENCHI:  (smiling casually)  I see.  Well, you can
always talk to me, Minmei.  I'm very easy-going.  As long as
you don't do anything crazy, I won't mind.

          MINMEI:  (obviously relieved)  That's super.  I
really want to have some fun, too.  I'm always the one who
has to round up guys, though.  Ayeka is too proud for that
kind of thing.  I have a knack for it.  Guys just follow me
around everywhere.  I hope I'm not embarrassing you.

          TENCHI:  No.  Actually, it's nice to meet someone
who seems perfectly normal, for a change.

          MINMEI:  Wow!  Here, I'm normal.  I'm going to
have so much fun.  This is great!

          TENCHI:  Uh...  As long as you're here, you mind
if I ask you something?

          MINMEI:  No, I don't mind.

     He holds up some artwork.

          TENCHI:  What do you think of this?

          MINMEI:  Hey, that's really good.  I like that.

          TENCHI:  You think so?

          MINMEI:  Oh yeah.  I just love all that
detail--the smile on that kid's face looks just perfect. 
Just a hint of smugness without seeming too impertinent.

          TENCHI:  Okay.  What about this one?  (he flips to
another page)

          MINMEI:  Oh, that one's good too.  I love the way
you hold the image just before the throw, suggesting the
action.  That's a stroke of genius.

          TENCHI:  Now, you're just being flattering.

          MINMEI:  No way.  It's brilliant.

          TENCHI:  All right.  What about this one?

          MINMEI:  Well, that one's good too.  You must have
put a lot of work into all that.

     Tenchi frowns.

          MINMEI:  (concerned)  What?

          TENCHI:  (wistfully casual)  Sorry, but you're not
much help to me.  I'm stagnating.  I just can't change.  I
never do anything original, anymore.  Are you sure you
didn't see it?

     Minmei shrugs.

22   INT. HALLWAY (Tenchi's bedroom door)

     Ayeka pulls back from the door, frowning.

          AYEKA:  (to herself)  Oh, this is just
intolerable.  We really must do something about this girl at
once.

23   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     The middle of the night.

24   INT. MAIN HALL

     The darkness is lit by a dim circle of light, dancing
across the floor.

     Minmei is asleep on the sofa.  She murmurs and looks
up, a little surprised.

          MINMEI:  What--?

     Ayeka is holding a small light.  She leans over Minmei,
making a quieting gesture.

          AYEKA:  (whispering)  We mustn't awake the young
one.

     Ayeka is flanked by two silhouettes.  One of them
emerges--Ryoko.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  Minmei, I don't believe you have
yet been introduced to my good friend.  Ryoko, please meet
Minmei, an old friend of mine from the Royal Palace of
Jurai.

          RYOKO:  (grim)  The pleasure is mine, I'm sure.

     The other figure emerges slightly--Mihoshi.  Mihoshi
looks very angry.  Minmei sits up.

          MINMEI:  (very nervous)  Oh, hello.  Excuse me for
not introducing myself.

          AYEKA:  (seemingly amused)  No, no.  The fault was
all mine.  In my haste to make you comfortable, I believe I
may have overlooked a few details.  We shall soon remedy
this, won't we Ryoko?

          RYOKO:  (scowling)  We can be very curious, but we
are anything but impolite.

          MIHOSHI:  (frowning sagely)  We don't take our
good friends lightly.

     Minmei tries to stand.  Ryoko appears behind her and
makes her sit back down.

          MINMEI:  (chuckling)  Whoa!  I'm getting a really
creepy vibe here.

     Ayeka grins, as Mihoshi glowers and Ryoko floats above
Minmei, looking a bit irritated.

25   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Early morning.

26   INT. MAIN HALL (table)

     Ayeka sits at the table, drinking some tea.  Sasami
enters and looks around.

          SASAMI:  Hey Sis, have you seen Minmei?

          AYEKA:  Good morning, Sasami.  No--I believe she
had an unexpected appointment last night.

          SASAMI:  Oh!  Is she all right?

          AYEKA:  (very composed)  She'll be quite all
right, Sasami.  I doubt we shall see her again, though.

          SASAMI:  (sighing)  That's a relief.  No offense,
Ayeka, but Minmei was really getting on my nerves.

     Ayeka looks very content with herself.

27   EXT. FLOATING ONSEN

28   INT. POOL

     Tenchi sits above Ryoko.  Tenchi has his arms folded
and Ryoko is sitting in the pool.

          RYOKO:  You sure I'm not a bother, Tenchi?

          TENCHI:  There's nothing we don't know about each
other, Ryoko.  I don't see the point in getting annoyed,
anymore.

     She rolls her eyes.

          TENCHI:  (frowning)  What happened to that girl,
Minmei?

          RYOKO:  (smirking)  You know, I thought she might
be a pest, but once I got to know her better she turned out
to be a real sweetheart.  She had a transport waiting and
everything.  (a little grim)  We just made sure she was on
it.

          TENCHI:  (a little alarmed)  We?

     Ryoko looks around at Tenchi.

          RYOKO:  It's so nice that you care about me,
Tenchi.  I promise I'll make it up to you, someday.

          TENCHI:  How are you going to do that?

          RYOKO:  Oh, I'll think of something.

     She holds out her left hand.  A shimmering line of
white light appears above her hand.

          RYOKO:  You see?  I'm learning already.

     Tenchi looks on curiously.

          TENCHI:  What's that?

          RYOKO:  This is the elemental tool of the
alchemist's apprentice, Tenchi.  It's a dimensional blade. 
From this, all other things in alchemy are born.  At least,
that's what the book says.

          TENCHI:  It doesn't look that impressive to me.

     Tenchi gasps sharply and covers his mouth.

          RYOKO:  Catch!

     Tenchi flinches as Ryoko's ear lands right in front of
him.  He stands shakily and runs out the door.

     Ryoko covers the side of her head with her hand.

          RYOKO:  (chuckling)  Silly boy!  I can always just
grow it back.  Hmm...  Ayeka was right.  I think that van
Gogh guy was on to something.

THE END

