
Author:   Mike Fenton <mpfenton@hotmail.com>
Title:    AFS #3 (ACADEMIC SILLINESS)
Notes:    Regular (OVA), script format
Summary:  Several contentions prove to be academic.

[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     A few uniformed guards lurk in the background, as tree
branches rustle in the distance, the leaves having the
colors of fall.

2    INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Tenchi is sitting at his desk, reading--looking very
bored.

3    INT. KITCHEN

     Ryoko and Sasami are watching as Noboyuki tries to show
them how to make a special shellfish, eggplant, and brown
rice combination.  Ryoko looks blankly curious, as Sasami
fidgets, looking around.

          SASAMI:  Ryoko, have you seen Mihoshi?

          RYOKO:  Huh?

     Noboyuki looks around from the cooking skillet.

          NOBOYUKI:  The trick here is to keep it warm.  If
you let it cool, it insults the flavor.  I think it comes
out better if you get it nice and hot.

          RYOKO:  What does it taste like?

          NOBOYUKI:  I've been told that it's an acquired
taste, but you can check for yourself.

     Sasami sighs deeply, looking around again.

          SASAMI:  I'll be outside, if Ayeka asks.

     Noboyuki looks back at the skillet as Sasami leaves.

          NOBOYUKI:  Don't worry about burning it.  If it
gets a little too dark, it's just a little crispier.  That
just adds a little more character to it.

          RYOKO:  Hey, can I try?  That looks fun.

          NOBOYUKI:  Go ahead, but you have to finesse it.
Don't let it just sit there.  This mixture likes to be toyed
with.

          RYOKO:  My kind of recipe.

     Ryoko appears next to the pan, picking up a stirring
spoon.  The pan starts to smoke.

          NOBOYUKI:  Funny.  I didn't think it was supposed
to catch like that.

     The food is on fire.

          RYOKO:  (frowning)  Is that bad?

          NOBOYUKI:  Well, it can't hurt it, but I think
that's probably overdoing it a bit.

4    EXT. FLOATING ONSEN

     Samantha is sitting under a tree, looking out over a
pool.  Ryo-Ohki is sitting nearby, chewing on a carrot.
Samantha takes out a pad and pencil, and starts sketching.

     Sasami slides the entrance door open, looking around.

          SASAMI:  Ryo-Ohki!  There you are.

     Sasami picks up Ryo-Ohki and pets her.

          SASAMI:  Where have you been all morning?  Here in
the hot springs?  (looking around)

     Sasami gasps as she sees Samantha.

          SASAMI:  Oh, Sammy.  It's just you.

          SAMANTHA:  Hello.  I hope I'm not barging in.

          SASAMI:  No, it's okay.  It's just that we haven't
seen you in weeks.  We thought you'd gone.

          SAMANTHA:  Yes.  A wiser sort might have left here
a long time ago.

          SASAMI:  What are you sketching?

          SAMANTHA:  (sighing)  I know I've said this
before--

          SASAMI:  Your hand?

     Sasami approaches Samantha.

          SAMANTHA:  I expect you find it mysterious.

          SASAMI:  No.  It's just a little weird.

          SAMANTHA:  This place is a little weird.  My
obsession with my own hand is something out of a twisted
nightmare.

          SASAMI:  (a little hesitant)  Sammy, do you mind
if I ask you a personal question?

          SAMANTHA:  (very composed)  Not at all.  I'm an
artist, not a princess.

          SASAMI:  What's it like?  I mean, to be an artist?

          SAMANTHA:  (prompt and succinct)  It's like a
fever, Sasami.  It's a deadly plague that cannot be stopped
until it consumes you and everything you love.

          SASAMI:  Really?  Oh, you're just saying that.  It
can't be all that bad.

     Samantha stands and puts away her pad.

          SAMANTHA:  Yes, I'm being very droll.  Sorry, but
as your sister would say, we artist types are very
capricious--even in our choice of words.

          SASAMI:  (giggling)  You're not capricious, Sammy.
You take things too seriously.  Hey!  I have an idea.  You
know any word-games we could play?

          SAMANTHA:  Actually, I do.  You want to pit your
wits against mine?

          SASAMI:  You bet!  Ayeka hates to play word games,
and I always beat anyone else.

     Samantha sits under the tree again, reflective.

          SAMANTHA:  Oh, dear.  I forgot to mention--all the
word games I know are old Welsh puzzles.  I don't suppose
you're up on the old Celtic languages?

     Sasami sits nearby, still holding Ryo-Ohki.

          SASAMI:  That's okay. I'd love to learn.

5    INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka is sitting at the sofa, knitting.  She looks
down, very bored.  She looks up again and continues
knitting.

6    INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Tenchi is still sitting at his desk.  He leans back and
looks up.  He frowns and instantly looks back down at his
book again.  He looks as if he's trying to bend a spoon
using telekinesis.

          TENCHI:  (softly)  Damn.

     Mihoshi slides open the door, looking very sullen and
miserable.  Tenchi looks up, suddenly cheerful.

          TENCHI:  Oh, hello, Mihoshi.  What's up?

     Mihoshi is still sullen, a little introspective.

          MIHOSHI:  Tenchi, I really miss Little Washu.

     Tenchi looks as if he's just discovered quantum
gravity.

7    TITLE:  "EPISODE 3:  ACADEMIC SILLINESS"

8    EXT. NEAR STRANGE CAVE

     A strange cave, nearly obscured by surrounding foliage
and uniformed guards.  A couple figures in coveralls
approach, carrying utility cases, looking very bored.

     A couple of uniformed guards approach, inspecting the
figures casually.

          FIRST GUARD:  You the engineers?

          FIRST FIGURE:  Yes.  That's us--

          FIRST GUARD:  Okay...  (waving)  Go on in.

     The first figure glances curiously at the second
figure.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Uh...  Don't you want to see our
work order?

          FIRST GUARD:  Oh!  Oh, yeah.  Let's see that work
order, first.  Then some identification.

     The second figure smirks briefly.

9    INT. CAVE ENTRANCE

     A narrow tunnel lit by erry blue torches.  The figures
march through casually.

10   INT. WIDENED AREA

     The figures approach the huge, shiny gate, inspecting
the imposing-looking mechanism briefly.

          FIRST FIGURE:  A compressed-sequence prime
combination, I'd wager.

          SECOND FIGURE:  No need to mess with that stupid
math.

     The second figure removes a curious device with a coned
mechanism wired into the side.

          FIRST FIGURE:  What the hell is that?

     The second figure places the cone at the opposite end
of the gate.  The seam of the gate begins to quiver.

          SECOND FIGURE:  A resonance detonator.  I hope you
remembered to wear those attenuators.

11   EXT. NEAR CAVE

     A thunderous humming blasts the air.  The guards
stagger around, clasping their heads in their hands.

12   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Birds start taking flight, alarmed at the noise.

13   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     The walls tremble at the noise.

14   INT. SHRINE

     Yosho looks up from his meditations, a little curious.

15   INT. KITCHEN

     Ryoko looks up from her concoction briefly.

          RYOKO:  Needs salt.  That's it.

     Noboyuki frowns for a moment, then smiles.

          NOBOYUKI:  Don't confuse it with the sugar again.

     Ryoko scowls, a little indignant.

          RYOKO:  I know what I'm doing.

16   INT. MAIN HALL

     Samantha enters, looking around briefly.  She spots
Ayeka at the sofa, and gestures.

          SAMANTHA:  They make quite a bit of noise, don't
they?

          AYEKA:  They are not supposed to.  This will have
to be reported.  You can rest assured, I will.

     Tenchi descends the stairs, looking around.

          TENCHI:  Hey, Samantha.

          SAMANTHA:  Hello, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  Ayeka, you know what's going on over
there at the cave?

     Ayeka looks up from her work.

          AYEKA:  Something they will likely regret, later.

          TENCHI:  I'm going to go check.

          SAMANTHA:  You are?

     Samantha looks uncertain, as Ayeka and Tenchi exit.
Ryoko enters, triumphant.

          RYOKO:  I've got it!  Breakfast is ready!  Hey.
(looking around)  Where did everybody go?

17   INT. WIDENED AREA

     The shiny gate falls inward, and the two figures stroll
through the opening.

18   INT. FORTRESS ENTRANCE HALLWAY

     The large hallway is still littered with debris, but
the torches have been repaired--still radiating a soft blue.
The figures stand between two towers just within an entrance
area, divided by a huge portcullis.  At the end of the
hallway is a large chamber, obscured in darkness.

     The two figures go and quickly raise the portcullis.
It slides upward with a soft rumble.  The second figure then
scrambles toward the left-side stairway, gesturing for the
other figure to follow.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Hey, wow!  Look at all this debris!

          SECOND FIGURE:  Get over here!  Hurry up!

     The first figure looks around.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Huh?

     The second figure stands at the base of the stairs.

          SECOND FIGURE:  We were just supposed to be
collecting data, remember?  We're going to have company,
soon!

     The first figure follows, casually annoyed.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Right, right.

19   INT. MAIN HALL

     Samantha and Ryoko are sitting at the table, eating.
Yosho enters, looking around.

          RYOKO:  It's not too salty?

          SAMANTHA:  I like it.  It tastes vaguely French.

     Yosho approaches the table.

          YOSHO:  Ryoko, Samantha.  Good morning, girls.

          RYOKO:  (frowning slightly)  Good morning.

          SAMANTHA:  Hello.

     Yosho looks at the dish, curious.

          YOSHO:  Ah, that looks good.  You mind if I have
some?

          RYOKO:  Dig in.  It's delicious.  Right, Sammy?

          SAMANTHA:  Simply wonderful.

     Yosho sits, a little skeptical.

          YOSHO:  Say, did you hear that noise just now?

          RYOKO:  What noise?

          SAMANTHA:  You mean that low throbbing from the
cave?

     Yosho makes a quick nod, as he takes a dish for
himself.

          YOSHO:  Yes.  It was awfully loud.

          SAMANTHA:  Tenchi and Ayeka went to check it out.
Hmm...  Oh, my!  I completely forgot--

     Yosho takes a bite, looking at Samantha curiously and
looking as if he just realized he'd eaten a toadstool.

          RYOKO:  What?  (suddenly alarmed)  What!?

          SAMANTHA:  Tenchi should hurry.  He has a seminar
to get to, later this morning.

     Yosho stands, unsteadily moving toward the kitchen.

          YOSHO:  Excuse me.

          RYOKO:  Damn!

     Ryoko promptly flickers and vanishes.

          SAMANTHA:  Uh...  Oh, dear.  I guess I should be
the one to remind him.

20   INT. KITCHEN

     Noboyuki is cooking again, trying to remember
something, as Yosho finds a tea kettle.

          NOBOYUKI:  Good morning, Dad.

          YOSHO:  Morning.  Ah--  (taking a drink)  I just
ate the most disgusting thing I've ever tasted.  What was
that stuff?  Did Ryoko make it?

          NOBOYUKI:  Just a little something I showed Ryoko
how to whip up.

          YOSHO:  Not that eggplant thing again?

          NOBOYUKI:  Hey, give it chance.  It'll grow on
you.

21   EXT. NEAR CAVE

     A small group of uniformed guards are at the cave
entrance, as Ayeka and Tenchi approach.  Ayeka singles out
one of them.

          AYEKA:  What has been going on here?  Who has been
in this cave?

          GUARD:  Well, the captain and the lieutenant just
went in after those engineers...  I think they were supposed
to be engineers.

          AYEKA:  Why is everyone just standing around?
Isn't there a cruiser standing by?  Where's your duty
specification?

          GUARD:  Specification?  We never saw any specs for
this job.  Our orders were to see over the projects.  Beyond
that, you'd have to ask the captain--

     Ayeka growls in irritation, pushing her way into the
cave.

          AYEKA:  I should have known!  Please, move aside.

     Tenchi follows, briefly looking back.

22   INT. FORTRESS ENTRANCE

     The first figure looks briefly around from the tower,
then gets back down below the parapet.  The second figure
shrugs.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Seen enough?

          FIRST FIGURE:  Aren't you worried they'll hear us?

          SECOND FIGURE:  (snorting)  Some scientist you
are.  You remember the racket we just made?

          FIRST FIGURE:  (a little embarrassed)  What were
they planning to do?

          SECOND FIGURE:  (a little snide, shrewd)  What do
you think?  They were planning to cut you out of the loop,
of course.  Remember what happened last time?

          FIRST FIGURE:  (angry, wrenching a bit of self-
control)  Again?  You'd have thought they'd learned!

     The second figure gestures for silence.

          SECOND FIGURE:  There's someone else...

23   EXT. NEAR CAVE

     Ryoko appears, looks around briefly, then flickers
again.

24   INT. FORTRESS ENTRANCE

     Ayeka and Tenchi walk through, looking around.

          AYEKA:  Someone has vandalized the entry.  Look.

     A couple uniformed figures appear behind them.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Your highness, you should be
careful.

     Ayeka scans around.

          AYEKA:  Hmm?  (pointing)  Someone has been in
here.  They must already be in one of the inner chambers.
Perhaps we can find a trail.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Your highness--

          AYEKA:  (a little annoyed)  Captain, you and the
lieutenant better go back and report this.  Do not be
concerned about me.

     Tenchi glances at the others, a little knowingly.

25   EXT. NEAR CAVE

     Samantha approaches, picking her teeth.  She smiles at
the guards as Tenchi emerges.

          SAMANTHA:  Tenchi!  Good morning.

          TENCHI:  Oh--hey there, Sammy!

     Samantha picks something from her teeth.

          SAMANTHA:  Isn't there a seminar you need to be
going to?

          TENCHI:  Yeah.  I just remembered it.  Good thing,
too.  I gotta be there soon.  Thanks for helping me
remember.

          SAMANTHA:  (very complimented)  That's okay,
Tenchi.  I think you'll make a fine teacher, one day.  Have
you seen Ayeka and Ryoko?

          TENCHI:  Uh...  Ryoko--I don't know.  Ayeka went
to hunt down the intruders in the fortress.

     Samantha looks disappointed.

          SAMANTHA:  Oh, dear.  That's too bad.  I was
hoping I could get the recipe for that delightful dish Ryoko
made this morning.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko made breakfast?  Uh--I think I'd
better get going...

     Tenchi starts to leave.

          SAMANTHA:  See you later, Tenchi.  Have fun at the
seminar.

          TENCHI:  I will.  And, if you bump into Mihoshi,
tell her I'm bringing something special back with me, to
help cheer her up.

     Samantha looks back around at the cave, as Tenchi
leaves.  She frets, a little uncertain.

          SAMANTHA:  Oh well.  I guess there's nothing to do
now but wait.

     The captain and the lieutenant glance at each other for
a moment.

          CAPTAIN:  You know, they're probably going to be
in there for hours.  You're certain to find them right
inside.

          SAMANTHA:  I dare not go in alone.  You two
handsome men want to go with me?

          CAPTAIN:  We'd be remiss if we didn't. (looking
around)  Lieutenant, you call in this report, then come join
us.  Make sure to use the secure line.  We don't want anyone
getting wind of this situation.  (to Samantha)  Shall we?

26   INT. LARGE CHAMBER

     Ryoko appears in the empty chamber, holding up a dagger
for light.  She looks around briefly, then frowns and looks
uncertainly at all the doors.  A few moments later, Samantha
appears, escorted by the two GP guards.  The two men are
each holding torches.

          SAMANTHA:  Ah, Ryoko!  There you are.

          RYOKO:  Huh?  Oh, what do you want?

          SAMANTHA:  Just curious, at the moment.  Whatever
caused all that awful noise a minute ago?

          CAPTAIN:  That was probably the engineers.

          LIEUTENANT:  They knocked down the door, remember?
We just walked right over it.

     Ryoko puts away the dagger, folding her arms.

          RYOKO:  Where did that princess go?  Did any of
you happen to see?

     Samantha and the two guards approach Ryoko.

          CAPTAIN:  She ordered us back before she entered
the hallway.  This is the first I've seen this chamber.

          SAMANTHA:  It's quite a mess, isn't it?  Why are
you hoping to find her in all this?

          RYOKO:  It's not her I'm looking for.

          SAMANTHA:  Oh!  Right, the boy.  No, he just left.
He has a seminar, remember?

          RYOKO:  (relieved)  So, he's not with Ayeka?

     Samantha chuckles, still glancing around the chamber.

          SAMANTHA:  Oh, heavens, no.  I just passed him on
the way in.

     The two guards start to fidget--the lieutenant getting
a little nervous.

          LIEUTENANT:  Captain, we should hurry and leave.
I don't want to bump into the princess again.  She gives me
the creeps.

          CAPTAIN:  Yeah...  Her Highness can look after
herself.

          RYOKO:  (musing)  I'm going ahead.  You others can
leave, if you want.  I don't want any silly rescue missions
if things take a turn for the worse, here.  That princess
can be a lot more trouble than you expect.

          SAMANTHA:  You really think she's in danger?

          RYOKO:  (frowning, hesitant)  I know.  If it were
just me, I'd say let her stay here forever, but I know
Tenchi.  If he heard that Ayeka was in trouble, he'd search
every inch of this place to find her.  We'd better get
moving--if you're coming along, that is.

27   INT. FORTRESS ENTRANCE

     The two figures in the tower glance at each other as
the lights from the chamber go out, leaving the hallway with
just the flickering, blue haze.

          FIRST FIGURE:  I don't know, Kardanna.  This seems
like an ordinary fortress.  If it were all that important,
I'd have expected to see Washu.  As it is, we haven't even
heard that she's on this planet.

          SECOND FIGURE:  You're not privy to my
information.  Trust me.  If you back off now, you'll be
kicking yourself within a month.  The Academy will be forced
to convert two of its planets to cooking schools.

          FIRST FIGURE:  What happens when the king of Jurai
gets involved?  You don't think he'll just sit around, if
all this is so special.

          SECOND FIGURE:  He's playing a bluff, right now.
Once he makes his claim, I'll be ready with a couple claims
of my own.  Don't worry.  You'll be in and out of here
before the emperor can move a muscle.

     The first figure takes out a curious spherical device.

          FIRST FIGURE:  You'd better be right.  I've got a
lot riding on this.

     The second figure nods, removing a strange boxy device.

          SECOND FIGURE:  You and I, both.

     The two figures dissolve and vanish.

28   INT. ONSEN

     Sasami and Mihoshi are sitting under a tree.  Sasami is
still holding Ryo-Ohki.

          MIHOSHI:  I know that one.  Uh...  "Scientiae
baccalaureus."  Most people just call it a bachelor of
science.

     Sasami looks disappointed as she considers Mihoshi--a
little sullen.  Sasami then looks worried, starting to get
anxious.

          SASAMI:  Mihoshi, what's going on?  You've been
moping around for weeks.

          MIHOSHI:  I know.  I'm sorry to worry you, but I
can't help it.  It's Little Washu.

     Sasami sighs, looking down.

          SASAMI:  Yeah, I miss her too.  She'll come back,
Mihoshi.  I just know she will.  She won't stay away.

          MIHOSHI:  (reflective)  Why should she?  She's a
scientist.  She's not an Earthling.

     Sasami lets Ryo-Ohki go and stands.

          SASAMI:  Mihoshi, you know Washu.  She would never
leave Ryoko alone--not unless she had to.  Someone is
forcing her to stay away.  Either that or...

          MIHOSHI:  (upset)  This is so distressing, Sasami!

          SASAMI:  Why?  Washu will be fine.  Don't worry.

     Mihoshi looks down, unable to finish a thought.

          MIHOSHI:  I'm not worried.  Not really.

          SASAMI:  I don't know about you, but I'm just glad
we're still here.  This is strange, but I like Sammy, too.
I wish she wasn't always finding excuses to leave.

          MIHOSHI:  You just want to see what she's
sketching, I'll bet.

          SASAMI:  (giggling)  I'll bet it's not her hand.

          MIHOSHI:  Well...

     Sasami gasps, then grins.

          SASAMI:  Don't tell me she showed you her work?

     Mihoshi rolls her eyes.

          MIHOSHI:  Well, I wouldn't say 'showed.'

29   EXT. SPACE

     An Academy research vessel/battleship, ominously moving
toward Earth.

30   INT. CONFERENCE ROOM

     An ordinary long table, surrounded on three sides by
chairs--where several figures in academic garb sit.  A
podium stands at the unseated end, where the figure from the
tower stands, gesturing toward a display just behind and to
his left.  Raised and surrounding the room is stadium
seating--currently unoccupied.  Behind the table is another
table with a small buffet of desserts and drinks--some
scattered remains appear on the sides of the buffet.

          FIRST FIGURE:  So, the first areas were clearly
designed later, to protect the junctions.  Notice how the
structure of the entrance is fortress-like?  This suggests
the influence of a conventional military hindrance.  The
outline of certain areas within the debris suggest the
staging of wargames and the practice of mercenary maneuvers.

     A second figure at the table raises his hand briefly,
then interrupts--not bothering to stand.

          SECOND FIGURE:  So, are we to believe that this
"protection agency"--as you call it--employed auxiliaries?

          FIRST FIGURE:  That would be my initial
impression.

          SECOND FIGURE:  So, why assume that the structure
is post-plasma-dynamic?  It doesn't radiate the signature of
any subspace junctions.  We aren't picking up anything of
that nature on the planet.

          FIRST FIGURE:  The pirate guilds already have
cloaking devices.  It's not out of the question that this
structure employs a similar technology--

     A third figure wags his head skeptically.

          THIRD FIGURE:  Not that warped-field theory crap,
again!  (turning to the second figure)  I should have known.
Every time we listen to these research engineers, we get led
on some wild goose chase.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Hmm...  I'm not convinced.  There
may be merit in this investigation, but I don't see the need
for all this haste.  Surely if the structure employs such
cloaking technology, a simple search would turn it up.

          FIRST FIGURE:  (a little irritated)  I'm not the
politician, here.  Doesn't it bother any of you that the
Galaxy Police and the Galaxy Union have conspired with the
emperor to keep this discovery a secret?

          SECOND FIGURE:  Yes.  And it demands caution.

          THIRD FIGURE:  I agree.  We must not make any more
threatening overtures.  We don't want our emperor to start
thinking of us as the enemy, do we?

          FIRST FIGURE:  How far do you think we could
search, with the mandates of their alliance dictating our
every move?  If they weren't happy about us knowing of this
thing's existence, how long do you think the Galaxy Union
will keep us tied up in bureacracy?

     The others at the table start murmuring to each other.

          SECOND FIGURE:  Bureacracy is the price we pay for
freedom.  How do you think this academy was founded?  On
feudalism?

          THIRD FIGURE:  Of course, all this politics is
beside the point.  If we get caught up in another stupid war
over research, we'll just get undercut again for training
and publishing.  We can't run an academy without a balanced
view.

          FIRST FIGURE:  And if we leave it alone?  You
think Kardanna will sit idly by and just watch treasures of
the ancients slip away?

     The second and third figure seriously consider for a
moment, while the murmurs start to die down.

          SECOND FIGURE:  We'll have to give this some
further thought.

          THIRD FIGURE:  Under no circumstances are we to
make the first move.

          FIRST FIGURE:  I'll have to keep an eye on our
operatives.  They just reported in, so we'll likely have
Galaxy Police units cordoning off the area, soon.

31   INT. HALLWAY

     A hallway curves around toward a large chamber, several
doors appear near each other on each side in a cluster.

     Ryoko looks around, a little disconcerted, as they
approach the chamber.  Samantha and the two officers follow
close behind.

          RYOKO:  An intersection...

          CAPTAIN:  Where does the trail lead?

          RYOKO:  I don't know.

          SAMANTHA:  No more heat-trails?

     Ryoko folds her arms, a little flustered.

          RYOKO:  Too many heat-trails.  I can't tell which
is which.

          CAPTAIN:  (alarmed)  There's someone else down
here?

          RYOKO:  Either that, or we're walking in circles.
Listen--I'll go right, and you others go left.

     Samantha starts to make an objection, as Ryoko flickers
and vanishes.

          LIEUTENANT:  Does she do that often?

          CAPTAIN:  How long have you been here?

          LIEUTENANT:  Well--

          SAMANTHA:  (gesturing)  Let's go.  May as well do
as she says...

32   INT. HALLWAY

     Samantha and the officers continue down another
hallway.

          CAPTAIN:  Wait a minute.  Let me get my infrareds.

          LIEUTENANT:  You got it?

     The captain takes out some greenish goggles and puts
them on.

          CAPTAIN:  Got it.  Well, there are a couple of
heat-trails continuing up this way.

          SAMANTHA:  Let's hurry.  I want to double-back in
case we don't find anything.

33   INT. HALLWAY

     Ryoko floats along, considering.

          RYOKO:  What's that strange smell?  I can't quite
place it.

     She opens a door and looks in.  The room beyond is
completely dark.

          RYOKO:  (VO)  Oh, yeah.  That's it--

     She floats in, brandishing a sword.

34   EXT. NEAR CAVE

     Yosho approaches the guards, who are looking around at
each other.  He singles out one of them and greets him.

          YOSHO:  Hello.

          GUARD:  Oh, hello.  We just got word back from HQ.
No one is allowed within the grounds until further notice.

          YOSHO:  Ah, yes.  A sensible decision, I expect.

          GUARD:  I don't know.  I just follow orders, sir.

          YOSHO:  So, you require a debriefing.

     The guard is a little nervous, looking around.

          GUARD:  No, sir.  All classified material is in
hand.  The captain left instructions to relay situation, and
HQ just sent back the usual guard-response.

          YOSHO:  (pleasantly surprised)  So, the captain
went on ahead to inspect the situation, personally?

          GUARD:  Yes, sir!  The lieutenant and another
civilian along with him.  They went to secure the
whereabouts of another civilian.

     Yosho looks a little confused.

          YOSHO:  You mean, the princess?

          GUARD:  No, sir.  I mean another civilian.  The
princess is making her own inspection.

          YOSHO:  I see.  Well, keep up the good work.
Don't worry about the princess.  She can handle herself,
well enough.

     Yosho then strolls off, leaving the guard relieved--as
a huge GP cruiser appears and lands, nearby.

35   EXT. A NEARBY CLEARING

     Another cruiser lands--this one is smaller and similar
to the Academy research vessel/battleship in design.

36   EXT. NEAR CAVE

     A couple squads and an officer marches toward the
entrance.  The officer barks out some commands.

          OFFICER:  I want everyone paired up and spread
out!  If you see something out of the ordinary, report in.
I don't want us to make the first move, here.  If you get
attacked, pull back to the cruiser or the bivouac.

     One of the guards looks around and speaks up.

          GUARD:  Sir--what bivouac?  I don't see any
encampment here.

          OFFICER:  That's where you GP grunts come in.  Get
the gear over in the ship and set up some tents here.  Then
start digging out a ditch around the perimeter.

     Another guard looks at the first one.

          SECOND GUARD:  That's what you get for asking
questions.

37   EXT. NEARBY FOLIAGE

     Kardanna and another figure cloaked in a strange robe
are watching.  Kardanna hands a small pair of binoculars to
the other figure.

          KARDANNA:  You see that, Hytho?  Whenever
diplomats are kept busy, you can always count on scientists.
This one is especially eager.

          HYTHO:  They don't look that bright to me.  You
sure this will work?  They might hit us by mistake.

          KARDANNA:  With the princess inside, the only
forces here are those we have arranged.  Now, it's just
about time to roll the dice.

          HYTHO:  (urging)  Sooner the better...

          KARDANNA:  (softly)  Wait for it...

38   INT. HALLWAY

     Ryoko reappears, still holding the sword, looking a
little winded.  She vanishes again just as a couple of
spectral figures appear.  The spectral figures look around,
then continue floating down the hallway, menacingly.

39   INT. SHELVED ROOM

     Sitting at one of the cushioned benches behind the low
table is Ayeka.  She and the officers are drinking.
Samantha is at the opposite end, looking at the bottles on
the shelves.

          AYEKA:  I heard a very peculiar story about this
place, the other day.  I came here out of sheer curiosity,
and I discovered that it looked just like many of the old
reading rooms of the royal palace.  I had a notion of
finding those scoundrels who blasted the front gate.

          CAPTAIN:  I think those two took off.  I wouldn't
expect to see them again.  We've probably got GP troopers
swarming the entrance, as we speak.

          AYEKA:  Yes.  I can't think of a safer place to
be, at the moment.

40   INT. LARGE CHAMBER

     Ryoko flies just ahead of the spectral figures, deftly
dodging some of their explosive attacks.

41   INT. ONSEN

     Sasami is chuckling skeptically.  Ryo-Ohki is
scampering toward the entrance.

          SASAMI:  Waterfalls?  That's it?

          MIHOSHI:  I'd swear that's all they all were, but
Samantha kept insisting they were self-portraits.

          SASAMI:  Oh, I knew it!  She's just putting us on.

          MIHOSHI:  Yeah...  Well...

          SASAMI:  She threw in a few self-portraits?

          MIHOSHI:  No...  She's just really creepy, Sasami.
(softly)  I don't know what got into her, but she looked at
me like some kind of monster.  I'm never going near her
stuff again, I can tell you that!

          SASAMI:  Oh, yeah...  I guess she just likes her
space.  We all need to be left alone, sometimes.

     Mihoshi looks around.

          MIHOSHI:  Hey!  Where'd Ryo-Ohki go?

42   EXT. NEAR CAVE

     The figure in Academy garb approaches, flanked by
figures in lab coats.  The guards are setting a up a tent,
as the officer approaches.  Several troopers are lurking
around in the nearby surroundings.

          FIGURE:  I thought we had an understanding with
the Juraian emperor.  No more of this silly secrecy.

          OFFICER:  Secrecy?  What secrecy?  You scientists
are always coming up with these absurd conspiracy theories.

          FIGURE:  Well, if there's nothing here, then you
won't mind if we take a look around.

          OFFICER:  We can't let you in right at the moment.

          FIGURE:  What for?

          OFFICER:  We have a situation, inside.  The
entrance was broken into, and we just have to apprehend the
perpetrators.

     The figure looks a little disappointed as he turns and
considers.

          OFFICER:  Anyway, we wouldn't want them harming
you.

          FIGURE:  Look.  Stop playing games!  (gesturing)
I don't see anything dangerous going on over there.

     Ryoko comes flying out of the entrance, just ahead of
the two spectral figures.  Several explosions go off, just
ahead of her.

43   EXT. NEARBY FOLIAGE

     Kardanna and Hytho are observing.  Kardanna has his
finger poised over a switch on a small boxy-device.

          HYTHO:  Is that supposed to happen?

          KARDANNA:  I don't think so...

44   EXT. NEAR CAVE

     Ryoko continues dodging as the spectral figures
continue blasting away at her.  The explosions cause a few
of the troopers to tumble here and there.

          OFFICER:  Everybody spread out!  Did you hear me?
And keep low!  Get me those rangers we picked up, on the
double!

     The figure in Academy garb looks at the spectral
figures, curiously.

          FIGURE:  How interesting...

     The officer drags the figure down to the ground.

          OFFICER:  Get down, you idiot!  You want to get
yourself killed?

     A couple of troopers approach, holding small rifle-
shaped weapons.

          FIRST TROOPER:  Sir!  The rangers are still
detained in the brig.

          OFFICER:  You left them on the main ship?

          FIRST TROOPER:  The cruiser was hurried ahead of
the scheduled drop when we spotted the Academy shuttle, Sir.
We didn't have time to go back to the brig.

          OFFICER:  Damn!

     A couple explosions go off nearby, causing them to
flinch, briefly.

          OFFICER:  All right, here's what we do:  take Mr.
Big Brain here and detain him for questioning, along with
his companions...  (gesturing)  They're over there in the
bushes, somewhere.

45   EXT. NEARBY FOLIAGE

     Hytho and Kardanna flinch in surprise.

          HYTHO:  Did that neanderthal just point at us?

          KARDANNA:  I think we'd better find somewhere else
for cover.

     Kardanna pushes Hytho out of the foliage, and Hytho
goes running off toward the woods.

46   EXT. NEAR CAVE

     The first trooper gestures with his rifle as the figure
rises, and the two other figures in lab coats appear.

          FIRST TROOPER:  That's strange.  His companions
are over here.

          SECOND TROOPER:  (gesturing toward the woods)  So,
who was that other man?

          OFFICER:  A pirate elite, by his outfit.  Better
be careful.  Get a squad together and go ambush him by the
lake.  Be on the lookout for traps.  Pirates like to leave
little traps--so don't pick up anything on the trail there.

47   INT. SHELVED ROOM

     Samantha takes a bottle and sets it on the low table,
taking a seat between the captain and the lieutenant.

          AYEKA:  This is strange.  I expected Ryoko to show
up at any moment.

          SAMANTHA:  Ryoko probably just took a wrong turn.

          AYEKA:  Yes.  She has a habit of doing that.

48   EXT. WOODS

     Ryoko dodges among the trees as the spectral figures
continue to go after her.

          RYOKO:  (VO)  Damn, they're persistent!

49   EXT. NEARBY TRAIL

     Seven GP troopers run down a trail, going right past
Ryoko and the spectral figures.

50   EXT. NEARBY CLEARING

     Sasami and Mihoshi spot Ryo-Ohki, and they gather
around, looking out over the lake.

          SASAMI:  The lake always looks pretty at this time
of year, doesn't it?

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, yeah...  This is so awful, Sasami.

          SASAMI:  Why?  What's wrong?

          MIHOSHI:  (sighing)  It reminds of when I came
here.  I can't help feeling... empty inside, you know?

          SASAMI:  It's not easy for me, either.  It could
be worse, though.

          MIHOSHI:  How is that?

     Sasami picks up Ryo-Ohki.

          SASAMI:  It could have been Ryo-Ohki who went
away.  (to Ryo-Ohki)  You wouldn't go away, would you girl?

     Ryo-Ohki meows playfully and Mihoshi starts laughing.

     Nearby, several explosions go off and a couple men
start yelling incoherent orders back and forth.

51   EXT. NEAR CAVE

     A couple troopers are leading the Academy figures
toward the GP cruiser, as the officer collects up a couple
of his men, again.

          OFFICER:  Get a few more of your men together.
Those regulars don't look like they can handle a lot of
ditch detail.  Then take the cruiser and bring back those
rangers.  We may need them if we keep getting attacked by
guardians.

     The men acknowledge and quickly march off, as the
officer stands, considering the GP guards--still trying to
assemble the first tent.

          OFFICER:  I'm going to need a good, strong drink
after all this.

52   INT. SHELVED ROOM

     Samantha is knocking back a drink, straight out of the
bottle.  She then hands it to the captain, who takes a
drink.

          AYEKA:  I hate to admit this, but I'm worried
about Ryoko.  She doesn't know what it's like to lose
someone you love.  She probably cannot even admit that she's
lost it.

          SAMANTHA:  Huh?  I thought you all were just good
friends.

          AYEKA:  Friends and relatives...  Yes.  We share a
great deal.  (soft, considering)  Ryoko has always felt
closer, but her feelings can sometimes get in the way--and
not just in her own way.

     The captain sets the bottle back on the table, deftly
avoiding the lieutenant--who makes a grab at the bottle.

          CAPTAIN:  Feelings have no place in love.  Isn't
that right?

          AYEKA:  (a little irritated)  I would not have the
answer to that for all the wealth of my father.

     Ayeka gets up and gestures toward the door.

          AYEKA:  We'd better leave.  I suspect Ryoko will
not show up, after all.

          SAMANTHA:  Aren't you worried that Tenchi will
come looking for her?

          AYEKA:  No.  I'm starting to get a little fed up
with all this game-playing.  I'd like to get an answer, one
way or the other.

     Samantha starts chuckling as she gets up, picking up
the bottle just before the lieutenant can grab it.

          SAMANTHA:  You want him to choose?  I don't think
you want to do that.

          AYEKA:  Why not?

          SAMANTHA:  Well, I can't say what Tenchi would do,
but it's never pretty.  I mean, when you have a big showdown
like that.  You're better off just to avoid it.

     Ayeka rolls her eyes and turns toward the door.

          AYEKA:  (VO)  Yes...  The solution to anything an
artist has to face.  Why didn't I notice this before?

53   EXT. WALKWAY

     Sasami, Ryo-Ohki and Mihoshi arrive at the front of the
house, just as Tenchi appears--walking toward them with a
box at his side.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi!  You got back early.

          MIHOSHI:  What happened at the seminar?

          TENCHI:  Hi, everybody!  (a little nervous)  Well,
the seminar was postponed.  Just a few of us showed up, so
they decided to extend it into the weekend.  Hey, Ryo-Ohki!

     Ryo-Ohki meows a very pleasant greeting.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, what did you bring?  It smells
like food.

     Tenchi smiles and gestures with the box.

          TENCHI:  Just a pizza.  I went and got your
favorite kind, Mihoshi.  Extra cheese and pineapple.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  That's so sweet, Tenchi!  Thank
you!

     They start moving toward the entrance, again.

          TENCHI:  I just wanted to cheer you up, Mihoshi.
We all miss Washu, but she'll be back soon.  You'll see.
Don't worry.

54   EXT. NEAR CAVE

     Kardanna walks through the midst of the chaos, wearing
a GP uniform--looking very casual and bored.  Ayeka and
Samantha walk right by him, and Ayeka turns for a moment.

          AYEKA:  Strange.  I thought I recognized that man.

     The officer approaches, just as the captain and the
lieutenant appear.

          CAPTAIN:  Sir!  We have secured the princess, but
we could not locate the perpetrators.

          OFFICER:  At ease, Captain.  If those guys know
what's good for them, they'll be long gone, by now.

          AYEKA:  I appreciate the gesture, but I'm fully
capable of handling myself.

     The officer and the captain glance at each other in
sympathy for a moment.

          AYEKA:  I wonder if you have located that other
woman--Ryoko.

          OFFICER:  The woman being pursued by those
specters--yes.  I think she was attempting to evade them.

          SAMANTHA:  (alarmed)  Specters!

          AYEKA:  Oh.  (casual)  Well, then.  Let's return,
shall we?  This isn't the first time Ryoko has had trouble
with them.

     Kardanna casually slips into the cave.

          KARDANNA:  (VO)  Like taking candy from a baby.

55   EXT. NEARBY CLEARING

     Ryoko is lying on the ground, very still.  The specters
prod her a couple times.

          FIRST SPECTER:  Hey!  We're just having fun!  No
need to play dead!

          SECOND SPECTER:  Yeah, come on!  Keep running!  We
haven't had a game to play in centuries!

     Ryoko sits up and scowls at them, alarmingly.  She
takes out her light-sword.

          RYOKO:  You want to play, huh?

     Ryoko yells a challenge and charges after them.

THE END

