
Author:   Mike Fenton <mpfenton@hotmail.com>
Title:    AFS #1 (DREAM SILLINESS)
Notes:    Regular (OVA), script format
Summary:  A blending of dreams and silliness.

[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Night sky.  Clouds drift past a full moon.

2    INT. MAIN HALL (sofa)

     Tenchi is writing.  Ayeka is sitting next to him,
reading a book.  Tenchi looks up, lost in thought.

          AYEKA:  Lord Tenchi, you need another pen?

          TENCHI:  (softly)  No thanks.  I'm just trying to
rethink this.

          AYEKA:  (calmly introspective)  I'm not boring
you, am I?

     Tenchi scratches his head.  He appears to be trying to
concentrate.

          TENCHI:  Huh?  Oh, no.  Hmm...

     Ayeka begins to scowl as she looks at Tenchi and then
stands.

          AYEKA:  Oh, you are so impossible!

          TENCHI:  What?

          AYEKA:  I can't believe I have been so stupid!

     Tenchi suddenly looks alarmed.

          TENCHI:  What on Earth are you talking about,
Ayeka?

     Ayeka frowns and folds her arms.

          AYEKA:  Come on, Tenchi.  Be honest with me.  You
play along with me just to humor me, but you think I am
nothing but a pitiful fool!  You despise me, don't you?

          TENCHI:  (flinching)  Ayeka, don't get so upset. 
Why are you angry with me?

          AYEKA:  Don't evade my question.  Just admit it. 
Well?

     Tenchi scowls and looks at his work again.

          TENCHI:  Ayeka, you're always making something out
of nothing.  Just calm down.

     Ayeka narrows her eyes and puts a hand on Tenchi's
shoulder.

          AYEKA:  No, Tenchi.  I won't calm down.  I want
this right out, now.  I refuse to be treated like a child. 
Now, just tell me what you really think of me.

     Tenchi stands and faces her.  Ayeka starts turning red
with anger.

          TENCHI:  Okay, Ayeka.  Have it your way.  I think
you're nothing but a greedy, spoiled, conceited brat.  You
think you're a pitiful fool?  I pity anyone who would bother
to take pity on you.  And, yeah, I humor you.  You deserve
to be ignored, but I actually take an effort to humor you. 
Why do I bother?

     Tenchi turns to leave, but Ayeka grabs him by the arm.

          AYEKA:  How dare you say such things to me?!

          TENCHI:  (vicious)  Let me go!  Get your hands 
off of me!

     They turn and face each other, looking as if they want
to hit each other.  They freeze for a moment, then embrace
and kiss, passionately.

3    INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Ryoko is standing just beside Tenchi's bed.  Tenchi is
sitting up, gasping for breath.  Ryoko's eyes are completely
black.  She frowns, thoughtfully.

          TENCHI:  Oh my god!  Oh, it must have been a
dream.  Ryoko?

     Ryoko's eyes are back to normal.

          RYOKO:  Interesting.  I wasn't sure, but...

          TENCHI:  (frowing darkly)  Ryoko!  Don't you ever
learn?  What did I tell you before?  This is really
rude--even for you.

          RYOKO:  I had no idea.  I should really be more
careful with that princess.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko, don't you remember what happened
last time?  I don't want to go through all that again.

          RYOKO:  Huh?  Oh, don't worry, Tenchi.  There's no
danger.  Last time, I was just clumsy.  I imprinted you with
a dream, last time.  When I touch the outline of the dream,
I don't come close to imprinting.

          TENCHI:  What do you mean?

          RYOKO:  (smirking)  I'm not really making that
dream, Tenchi.  I just present it, in a way.  Like a
suggestion.  Your subconscious does the rest.  It's like an
experiment, actually.

     He lies back down on the bed.

          TENCHI:  (scowling)  Ryoko!  Dreams are totally
meaningless.  Just forget about it.

          RYOKO:  But Tenchi, this is really interesting.

          TENCHI:  Please, Ryoko.  I'm trying to sleep.

          RYOKO:  Okay...

     She floats over Tenchi's bed.  She looks down,
thoughtfully.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  Tenchi, I want you to know I've
resolved my feelings about us.  I want to be your lover,
Tenchi.  Please, don't ignore me.

          TENCHI:  (frowning)  There was never anything
between us, Ryoko.  I never loved you.

          RYOKO:  (a little forlorn)  But Tenchi...

          TENCHI:  (brutal)  I never did anything with you,
and I never will!  Now, go away.

     Tenchi lies back down and pulls the covers over his
head.

          RYOKO:  (a touch perturbed)  Tenchi...  (wryly
amused)  Oh, you still care about me.  That's so sweet.

     Ryoko floats over to the side of the bed and leans
close to Tenchi.  She pulls the covers aside, slightly.

          RYOKO:  Just for that, I want to give you a nice,
special dream.  Just for the two of us.

          TENCHI:  Don't even think about it, Ryoko.

          RYOKO:  Now, now.  You haven't heard what it is,
yet.  Let me tell you...

     Ryoko whispers something to him.  Tenchi turns red with
embarrassment.

4    INT. HALLWAY (Tenchi's bedroom door)

     Ryoko stands, frowning.

          RYOKO:  (annoyed)  Well...

     She sits with her back to the door and folds her arms.

          RYOKO:  I have got to stop being so impulsive. 
(sigh)  That really was going too far.  But how can I make
him love me again?  What am I doing wrong?

     Ryoko pauses in thought for a moment, then punches
herself.

          RYOKO:  (VO)  Oh, this is so simple.  I can't
believe I didn't think of this before.  Tenchi only loves me
when I'm sweet, naive and hopeless.  I can't impress him
with these stupid tricks.  I've got to be like a silly girl.
Now, how in the world am I going to pull that off?

     She stands and her head slumps.

          RYOKO:  (VO)  Oh, forget it.  I can't pretend to
be something I'm not.  Hmm...  I wonder if I can just
compromise?  Maybe I can make him like me a little bit... 
(groaning)  This is stupid.  I need to stop thinking like
this...

     She ponders again.

          RYOKO:  Then again...  That gives me an idea...

5    TITLE:  "EPISODE 1:  DREAM SILLINESS"

6    INT. AYEKA'S BEDROOM

     Ayeka and Sasami are sitting.  Sasami is reading and
Ayeka is pondering.

     Mihoshi enters.

          MIHOSHI:  Hello?

     Ayeka looks around.

          AYEKA:  Oh, hello Mihoshi.  Please come in.  I was
just wondering how the Galaxy Police would handle an
incident like this.

     Mihoshi goes to sit just across from Ayeka.

          MIHOSHI:  An incident?  What happened?

          SASAMI:  She means a hypothetical.  She was just
talking about when Hannibal crossed the Alps with his army.

          MIHOSHI:  (lost in thought)  Oh!

          AYEKA:  Yes.  It is interesting to me, because it
illustrates a colonial empire being invaded by its chief
piratical rival.  This is very similar to incidents that
have happened to Jurai, as I'm sure you know.  (looking down
at Mihoshi)  Oh!  What do you have there?

     Mihoshi has a roll of paper.  Sasami stands next to
Ayeka.

          MIHOSHI:  (a little nervous)  It's just a little
something I need you to sign.  You know how the Galaxy
Police are with paperwork--  (chuckling nervously)

          AYEKA:  (curious)  That doesn't look like a form
to me.  That looks like an official communique.  (taking the
paper and reading)  Oh, my.  Have you read this, Mihoshi?

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  Yes...

     Ayeka ponders and turns to Sasami.

          AYEKA:  Sasami, would you please leave the room
for a moment?

          SASAMI:  But Sis, what is it?

          AYEKA:  (stern)  Sasami, that is an order.  Obey
me, child.

          SASAMI:  (deflated)  Okay.

     Mihoshi sheepishly scratches her head as Sasami leaves.

     Ayeka furrows her brows.  She glances over the paper
again.

          AYEKA:  Correct me if I am wrong, but this
requires new duties on your behalf?

     Ayeka frowns, thoughtfully.

          AYEKA:  But you are a detective, are you not? 
This seems to indicate otherwise...

          MIHOSHI:  Well, a committee of chiefs decided that
I should accept a lower position.  This is so embarrassing.

          AYEKA:  Unless you return to headquarters,
correct?

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  Oh, yeah.  I think so.

          AYEKA:  (annoyed)  Hmm...  How did you get my
brother to sign this?  Oh, never mind.  This is just
unacceptable.

     Ayeka rips up the paper.  Mihoshi gasps.

          MIHOSHI:  But... but...

          AYEKA:  I simply cannot let you ruin your own
career, Mihoshi.  You are too valuable an asset to the
galaxy.  You need to use your talents.  And anyway, the Holy
Council of Jurai would never let me forget it if I allowed a
good friend to poison her own aspirations.  It is very
unseemly.

     Mihoshi looks very stunned, as Ayeka stands.

          AYEKA:  (very gentle)  You know, Mihoshi.  I have
been thinking, and I consider it most unwise for you to
nurture this childish infatuation you obviously have for
Lord Tenchi.  You should do yourself a favor, and learn to
think of us as your friends--nothing more.

     Ayeka leaves and Mihoshi starts to cry like a baby.

7    INT. HALLWAY (near Ayeka's bedroom)

     Ayeka facing Sasami in the hallway.

          SASAMI:  (irritated)  I'm really disappointed in
you, Ayeka.  I thought you would be more understanding.

          AYEKA:  (a little scolding)  Sasami--  There is a
time in everyone's life when they simply must face some
unpleasant truths.  It does not help anyone to keep living
in a fantasy.

          SASAMI:  You won't get away with this, Sis. 
You'll pay for this.  I just know you will.

          AYEKA:  (amused)  Sasami, you're too young to be
making threats.  Just trust me.  This is for everyone's
good.

          SASAMI:  (outraged)  No, Ayeka.  I don't make
threats.  You will pay.

     Sasami runs off toward the stairs.

          AYEKA:  (still amused)  Poor Sasami.  Whatever has
come over you?  Oh well.  A small price to pay for a little
more privacy.

8    INT. MAIN HALL

     Ryoko lies on a support beam, reading a book.  She
looks down, and tilt down to see Sasami enter.  Sasami stops
and wipes her face.  She then goes and sits on the sofa,
staring blankly.

     Ryoko looks quizzical, as Sasami scowls.  She looks a
little remorseful for a moment, then scowls again.

     Ryoko teleports next to Sasami.

          RYOKO:  Hey Sasami, why so glum?

          SASAMI:  (softly)  Go away, Ryoko.

     Mihoshi descends the stairs, still sniffling.  She
looks at Ryoko and bursts into tears.  Follow on Mihoshi as
she runs across the room and exits.

          RYOKO:  (to herself)  What the hell?

9    EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Tenchi is sweeping out front.  Yosho is standing
nearby.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko has been acting really weird,
lately.  I wish I could help her, Grandpa.  I'm worried
she's about to crack or something.

          YOSHO:  Well, she does look a little different,
lately.  She looks thinner.  I wonder if she has been eating
right...

          TENCHI:  Ever since Washu left about a month ago,
she's just gotten wilder.  You know, more like she was
before.

          YOSHO:  Hmm...  You may be right.

     Ryoko appears just behind Tenchi.

          RYOKO:  Tenchi, what's the matter with everyone? 
Did you do something impetuous with that princess last
night?

          TENCHI:  (shocked)  What?

     Yosho rolls his eyes.

10   EXT. GP HQ

     Space-shot of Galaxy Police HQ.

11   INT. COMMANDER'S OFFICE

     Commander sits at his desk, typing.  The comm signal
sounds, and the display flicks to life.

          COMMANDER:  This is headquarters--Commander
speaking.  (looking up)  Oh, Marshal, it's good to see you
again.

          MARSHAL:  (calm and thoughtful)  Likewise,
Commander.  We just received your report at the Central
Office concerning the new artifacts discovered in the Solar
system.  It looks as if we may need to appoint a new Special
Investigations Section just for that system.

          COMMANDER:  If we can clear it with the Galaxy
Union and the Jurai Royal Council, I think we can avoid
another incident with the Academy.

          MARSHAL:  (narrowing his eyes)  Yes...  I see that
this information has been kept under tight control, but I'm
a little confused.  Perhaps you might explain something to
me, Commander.

          COMMANDER:  Yes?

          MARSHAL:  I noticed that Detective Mihoshi has
been reduced in rank, pending a future evaluation.  Wouldn't
it make more sense to keep her there, on the scene?  Surely,
we can use all the able officers we can get--especially
those who already have experience and connections with the
people on the site itself.

          COMMANDER:  (stiff)  Sir, if I may speak freely?

          MARSHAL:  Certainly, Commander.

          COMMANDER:  I and my junior officers discussed
this at a recent staff meeting, and we came to the
conclusion that Mihoshi's conduct is not appropriate to the
nature of this investigation.  To be perfectly frank, sir,
her judgement is questionable.  She narrowly avoids being
charged with insubordination on every case she handles, and
she frequently misuses the resources at her disposal.  I do
not question her results, but I think this development is
too important to risk being mishandled.  There's simply too
much at stake, sir.

          MARSHAL:  (calm)  Yes, I see.  This situation
clearly requires my personal attention.  I respect the
decisions of you and your officers, and I look forward to
seeing your plans for this case, Commander.  Have all your
junior officers waiting when I arrive tomorrow.

          COMMANDER:  (a little surprised)  Tomorrow?

          MARSHAL:  Yes...  Is there a problem, Commander?

          COMMANDER:  No, sir!  We will have made all our
preparations by then, Marshal.  I look forward to discussing
this with you at length.

          MARSHAL:  (very pleased)  Very good, Commander. 
Over, and out.

     The display flickers and vanishes.

          COMMANDER:  (a little stunned)  Tomorrow?  We'll
never be ready by then!  I'd better call an emergency
meeting!

12   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Framed in an evening glow.

13   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka sitting at the sofa, knitting.  Ryoko appears,
looking fairly smug.

          RYOKO:  Hey Princess, don't you want to wave
goodbye?

          AYEKA:  (softly)  No, I think I would be most
unwelcome at such a parting.  I think I shall show some
discretion.

          RYOKO:  (chuckling)  Well, I don't know how you
did it.  I can't resist this.

     Ryoko vanishes again, and Ayeka sighs gently.  Yosho
enters the room.  He smiles a bit to himself, and sits
across from her.

          YOSHO:  (casual)  I see you take to the blues.  I
would have thought you would prefer brown or green.

          AYEKA:  Good evening, my brother.  I see you still
remember the Jurai courtly cycles of conversation.  I take
it you are about to make some gentle confrontation?

     Yosho frowns a bit, then realizes.

          YOSHO:  Ah, yes.  'Gentle--' the family code word
for seniority.  No, Ayeka.  I make no such presumptions,
anymore.  As far as I'm concerned, you are the crown
princess of Jurai, and I would not question your will.  I do
worry that you are, perhaps, becoming soft.

          AYEKA:  (mildly amused)  Soft?  Am I lazy, my
brother?  Do I appear to be rude or clumsy?

          YOSHO:  No... but I am beginning to wonder if you
are becoming nervous.  I know that you do not act hastily,
but it appears to me that you fear a little competition--I
mean, political.

          AYEKA:  (gently)  What an amusing notion.  You
mean, I doubt my own abilities.  Of that, my brother, you
may rest assured I do not suffer.

          YOSHO:  I see.  Then you had only the best of
intentions in mind when you denied Mihoshi's request for a
second of that petition...

          AYEKA:  Of course.

          YOSHO:  (nearly smirking)  Then you would not
object to signing this petition, I assume.

     Ayeka looks up.  Yosho holds out a paper and a pen. 
Ayeka looks carefully at him for a moment, then sets her
work down.

          AYEKA:  My brother, how clever you are.  (softly) 
I will sign this, of course.  But I doubt it really matters.
Once Mihoshi has left, she will certainly do something
impulsive, anyway.

     Ayeka takes the pen, and looks over the paper.  She
gasps, softly.

          AYEKA:  (clearly shocked)  This is in the same
hand...  You wrote that other petition...

     Yosho is carefully indifferent.

          AYEKA:  (chuckling)  I underestimated you, I see. 
You know me too well.  (she signs)

          YOSHO:  (just a hint of smugness)  I see right
through you, Ayeka.  But you need not fear.  I am looking
out for you, remember?

14   EXT. NEAR STRANGE CAVE

     Nighttime.  A strange cave, nearly obscured by
surrounding foliage.

     Sasami enters, looking thoughtfully around.  A large
rabbit with big, floppy ears hops toward her, considerately.
Sasami shows curious alarm, and the rabbit smiles and turns.

     The rabbit hops into the cave, very quickly.  Sasami
hesistates for a moment, then follows.

15   INT. CAVE ENTRANCE

     Sasami enters the cave.  She is suddenly engulfed in
darkness.  A moment later, light appears.  Sasami looks
around.  Several torches glow a brilliant golden.  She
boggles in amazement, then continues onward.

16   INT. WIDENED AREA

     Sasami enters a widened area of the cave.  Sasami stops
at the end where there is a huge, shiny gate with an
imposing-looking mechanism in the center.  She examines the
mechanism and then turns at a sound.

     The leprechaun giggles.  He takes a pipe from his mouth
and blows some smoke into the air.

          SASAMI:  (fascinated)  I've been here before...

     The leprechaun frowns in confusion.

          LEPRECHAUN:  I don't think so, darling.  I would
remember you.  I have the luck of the Irish, you know?

     Sasami makes a grab at leprechaun.  He flickers and
vanishes just as Sasami reaches him.  Leprechaun appears
above her, floating.

          LEPRECHAUN:  You're very quick, girl.  I have to
admit you impress me, but I'm always one step ahead of the
likes of you.

     Sasami leaps, and the leprechaun has a look of shock.
He flickers again and dodges just in time.

          LEPRECHAUN:  (laughing)  Missed me!

     Sasami scowls, and the leprechaun takes another puff
from the pipe and considers.

          LEPRECHAUN:  You know, I like you.  You've got
lots of grit.  Now, I can't let you have my pot of gold, but
I can let you in on a little secret.  You want to know what
it is?

          SASAMI:  What?  Tell me!

          LEPRECHAUN:  I know a secret way past the gate. 
You want me to show you?

     Sasami makes a quick nod, and he gestures for Sasami to
follow.  Follow as he walks to the center of the large
widened area.  Leprechaun then points upward.  Sasami looks
upward.

     There is an obscure hole in the ceiling.

          SASAMI:  Hey, wow!  That's way up there!

          LEPRECHAUN:  (smiling devilishly)  No, no,
darling.  Not up.  It only appears to be up.  It's really
down.  Just below your feet, actually.

     Sasami looks down in alarm.

          SASAMI:  But I see nothing but ground underneath! 
How come I don't fall if the hole is down?

          LEPRECHAUN:  (chuckling)  It's just a clever
illusion, girl.  Forget what your eyes tell you and the way
will open to you.

     Sasami looks up and down.  She closes her eyes and
frowns, thoughtfully.  The leprechaun bursts into laughter.
He then takes another puff and blows it in Sasami's face.

     Sasami coughs and waves at the smoke in irritation.
She then looks down and zips downward, apparently right
through the ground.  An abrupt scream follows.

17   INT. AYEKA'S BEDROOM

     Sasami gasps for breath and sits up.  She looks around
and slowly relaxes.

     Ryoko is floating up in the shadows near the ceiling.
She smirks to herself for a moment and vanishes.

     Ayeka is lying in her bed.  She opens her eyes just a
crack, then scowls.

18   EXT. GP HQ

     Space-shot of Galaxy Police HQ.

19   INT. ELABORATE QUARTERS

     A large quarters, elaborately decorated with GP
articles and equipment.  Marshal is sitting at a desk,
holding a glass in one hand and a piece of paper in the
other.  He sighs and places the paper down on the table.  He
gulps down the rest of the drink and stabs a few buttons on
a nearby console.

     The marshal frowns, thoughtfully.  A voice emanates
from the console.

          VOICE:  Super-interspace secure channel engaged. 
State your password, please.

          MARSHAL:  (strained)  'There was an old woman who
lived in a shoe...'

          VOICE:  Password accepted.  Channel opened.

     The display reveals a cruiser interior.  The cruiser is
clustered with junk.

          MARSHAL:  (frowning)  Mihoshi?

     Mihoshi suddenly appears.  Her outfit looks neat, but
her face looks wretched.  She gasps and draws to attention
quickly.

          MIHOSHI:  Grandfa--  I mean, Marshal!  What do I
to uh... to what... uh...  Why are you calling me?

          MARSHAL:  (slightly amused)  Settle down, Mihoshi.
This isn't an official communication, so I really need to
be brief.  If I take longer than a couple of minutes, the
security chief will start to suspect something.

     Mihoshi looks slightly stunned.

          MIHOSHI:  (nervous)  Oh!  Go on, Grandfather. 
It's nice to see you again.

          MARSHAL:  (terse)  I hope you haven't done
anything rash.  The situation is changing quickly, so you
will need to move fast.  You understand?

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  Yes, I understand.  I was just
about to transmit my resignation.

          MARSHAL:  (annoyed)  Mihoshi, I'm sending you a
copy of something I think you should see first.  It's an
official petition to the Council of Jurai.  I had to call in
a pretty big favor to get this.

     Mihoshi looks around and then looks back at Marshal,
very nervous.

          MARSHAL:  I hope you realize the risk I'm taking,
Mihoshi.  Don't disappoint me.

     Marshal stabs another button on the console.  The
display flickers and vanishes.

20   INT. FORTRESS ENTRANCE HALLWAY

     A large hallway littered with debris.  A few torches
glitter a hazy, blue glow.  Others lie darkened, hanging
limp from the walls.  Little piles of stone and crystal
shards dot the floor, as Sasami makes her way among the
debris to the dark, empty chamber at the end.  She lifts a
torch in one hand, and a circle of light scatters around her
feet.

     Ayeka appears just at the end of the chamber, the
portcullis and the gate behind her.  She frowns and narrows
her eyes, thoughtfully.

21   EXT. FIELDS

     Tilt-up to Tenchi, planting in the fields.  He stops
and wipes away some sweat.  Ryoko appears in front of him,
hovering.

          RYOKO:  Tenchi--  Where is everybody?

          TENCHI:  Oh!  Hey, Ryoko.  I don't know.  Sasami
and Ayeka got up early this morning.

          RYOKO:  Where did they go?

          TENCHI:  (frowning)  Well, Sasami just said
something about telling you not to follow her.  Then Ayeka
asked me where Sasami went.  Then she just ran off.

     Ryoko is suddenly alarmed.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  Oh, no!

          TENCHI:  (irritated)  Ryoko!  What's going on?

     Ryoko vanishes.

          TENCHI:  (sighing)  How strange!

22   INT. LARGE CHAMBER

     Piles of ash cover the floor.  A collapsed table lies
on one side of the room.  The other side has a number of
long rows of short piles of ash that surround a large,
raised circle in the floor.  Several bits of metal and cloth
lie scattered across the floor.  On the walls between the
doors are the shattered remains of what were crystal glass
cases.  Piles of crystal lie scattered near the doors.

     Sasami stops for a moment, then continues to a door and
opens it.

     Ayeka holds a torch of her own.  A bright, white light
streams out from it in all directions.  She looks up in
alarm.

          AYEKA:  Sasami!

     Ayeka runs toward the door.  She goes to the door and
pushes.  The door doesn't budge.  She strains, then looks
up.

     Ryoko is hovering cross-legged with her back to the
wall.  She scowls in irritation.

          AYEKA:  Ryoko, what are you doing?  I must get
through!

          RYOKO:  Then go through!  Don't look at me. 
There's nothing I can do.

23   INT. TESTING FACILITY (firing range)

     A large, elaborate firing range at Galaxy Police HQ. 
Mihoshi frets and darts her blaster around.  She blasts
away, wildly.

          MIHOSHI:  (very agitated)  Oh!  That is so unfair!
 Take that!  (she gasps)  No way!  No way!

24   INT. TESTING FACILITY (control room)

     A proctor is considering a small display above a large
console.  He looks rather bored as Commander enters.

          COMMANDER:  (amused)  I see she didn't waste any
time.  So, how is she doing?

          PROCTOR:  Huh?  Oh, Commander!  Sir, you can see
the results for yourself.  (pointing to the display)

     Commander examines the display and frowns.

          COMMANDER:  Perfect score?  Nobody gets a perfect
score...  There has to be something wrong with this machine.

          PROCTOR:  Huh?  You mean the testing facility?

          COMMANDER:  Yes.  I want this whole system
checked, top-to-bottom, as soon as she's done.  I won't
tolerate erroneous test results.

          PROCTOR:  But, sir.  Just look at her...

25   INT. TESTING FACILITY (firing range)

     Mihoshi goes through a short series of targets.  Each
one bursts from the exact center of the target point.

          MIHOSHI:  Take that!  Take that!  Take that!

     On a villainous-looking target, the head puffs in smoke
and goes flying off.

26   INT. TESTING FACILITY (control room)

     The commander looks very stunned.

          COMMANDER:  (softly)  No...  This has got to be
some kind of trick...

27   INT. LONG NARROW PASSAGEWAY

     A long, dark passageway stands before Sasami.  The
torch dimly reveals an end to the passageway up in the
distance.

     Sasami stops and looks around at the door, considering
for a moment.  She then turns again and continues.  She
reaches the end and looks down.  She looks down a winding
stair.  It descends into misty blackness.

28   INT. WINDING STAIRWAY

     One long, following-shot as Sasami goes down the
stairs.  As she goes down, she slowly changes physically. 
When she reaches the bottom, she has become the image of a
pre-Tsunami--slightly flatter hair and slightly rounder
cheeks than Tsunami.  Her form flickers for a moment, then
resolves again.  She looks up, putting away the torch.

     Sasami is now the studious picture of a pre-Tsunami.

29   EXT. DIZZYING FIELD

     A small tent, apparently standing in the middle of a
field.  Above, stars can be seen visibly turning in the sky.

     Sasami looks up for a moment, then staggers a bit.  She
looks down again, then considers the tent.  She approaches
and slowly enters.

30   INT. TENT

     Sasami sees an old man, kneeling before a fire.  The
fire leaps and dances without smoke.  The man has a cane
across his lap, and a very shrewd but gentle look to him. 
His face is reminiscent of a wolf, vaguely canine.

          ALCHEMIST:  Welcome, stranger.  I am an alchemist.
How can I be of service?

     Sasami narrows her eyes thoughtfully and considers for
a moment.

          SASAMI:  Where am I?  How did I come to be in this
form?

     The alchemist smiles and gestures expansively.

          ALCHEMIST:  You are in my home, and this form--as
you call it--is the embodiment of your past and future.  If
I might ask, what is your name, young one?

     Sasami sits across from the alchemist.

          SASAMI:  My name is Sasami.  I'm sorry I was so
rude, but this is all very strange.

          ALCHEMIST:  (amused)  Ah, yes.  Now, I remember. 
You were here before.

          SASAMI:  Before?

          ALCHEMIST:  When your sister had a duel with fate.
She did very well.  I was very impressed.

          SASAMI:  (a little irritated)  How do you know
she's my sister?

          ALCHEMIST:  (serious and thoughtful)  I see the
family resemblance in your eyes.

     Sasami starts to look calm.

          SASAMI:  I'm sorry, but you really didn't answer
my question--I mean, about my form.  How did this happen?

          ALCHEMIST:  This form is always with you.  You
have seen it before, I think?

     Sasami gasps.

          ALCHEMIST:  (waxing eloquent)  To a man of my
profession, alternate forms can mean many things.  They can
be a guardian or helper.  They can be the reward for a great
service, a riddle to be solved, a blemish to be erased, a
mere echo of your essence or just perhaps nothing more than
an illusion.  I see in your form the agony of a silent past
and the chance of an eventful future--if you dare to find
it.

          SASAMI:  How do you see all that?

          ALCHEMIST:  (smug)  It is my business to know,
young woman.  (he shifts into a sitting position)  Speaking
of business--now that I've no doubt piqued your curiosity--I
wish to make an offer.

     Sasami boggles in agreement.

          ALCHEMIST:  In exchange for a bit more silence, I
wish to offer you my inestimable services as a master of
forewarning.

          SASAMI:  (wary)  Explain yourself, please...

          ALCHEMIST:  You simply agree to never speak of me,
and I will give you a rare and precious gift:  a vision of
your future presented in a way that will not deprive you of
your enjoyment or the surprises that you would naturally
expect.  I do not make this offer to just anyone, and I
would not use my gifts for augury lightly.  I suggest you
choose quickly.  I can hold the others off for a time, but
not for long.

     Sasami has a look of trepidation turns to intense
curiosity.

          SASAMI:  Agreed.  I will never reveal you.  What
can you show me?

     The alchemist reaches into a pocket and pulls out a
bag.  He takes some fine powder from the bag and sprinkles
it over the fire.

     Two smoky arms emanate from the fire, starting to curl
around each other.  The alchemist stares at it for a few
moments, and then he begins to speak.

          ALCHEMIST:  (softly)  I see two fiery dragons--one
good, one evil.  One dragon destroys with love, the other
with hate.  I see a knight, going out to fight each one.  He
is wounded by the first dragon, but an angel from heaven
rescues him.  The second dragon threatens to devour him, but
its tongue is diverted.  A mighty tremor goes up from the
ground, and the sky itself falls as the second dragon falls.
Beware, however.  I see also that the dragons are very
wise.  If they believe that they are truly threatened, they
will go back to sleep and deprive you of your greatest wish.
You must tread very lightly.

          SASAMI:  (irritated)  That's all?  What is all
this?  How can I read my future in that story?

          ALCHEMIST:  (slowly becoming lucid again)  I have
kept my end of the bargain.  See to it that you keep yours.

31   EXT. DIZZYING FIELD

     Sasami is suddenly standing alone in the field again. 
The tent has vanished.

          SASAMI:  (nervous)  How very strange!

32   INT. LARGE CHAMBER (near door)

     Ayeka is still glaring up at Ryoko.

          AYEKA:  This is all your fault, you know!

          RYOKO:  How is this my fault?

          AYEKA:  I never told Sasami about that secret
passage.  You must have told her.  We both sensed you in my
room, last night.  You gave her a vision of it, didn't you?

          RYOKO:  (annoyed)  I would never do any such
thing.  Maybe you revealed it yourself in one of your
drunken bragging sessions.

          AYEKA:  (outraged)  Oh, how dare you!?  I am never
drunk, and I never brag!  I think you are nothing but an
impetuous coward!  (starting to cry)  Here I am, trying to
save her from who-knows-what awful fate, and you do nothing
but insult me!  Why don't you help me?

     Ryoko floats down next to Ayeka.  She turns and glowers
at Ayeka.

          RYOKO:  First of all, you started this argument. 
Secondly, I would love to help, but I'm not as strong as I
used to be.  With Washu gone, (sigh) I'm as weak as I was
when you met me.  I'm just as upset as you are, but there's
nothing I can do about it.

          AYEKA:  You admit you gave her that vision?

          RYOKO:  Not exactly.  The image was already in her
mind, I just helped her explore it a little bit.

     Ayeka clenches her teeth in fury.

          AYEKA:  I knew it!  Your meddling has gone too far
this time, devil-woman!

          RYOKO:  (irritated)  What are you going to do? 
You want to fight me?

     Ayeka brandishes her fist at Ryoko.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  This time, I won't need bother. 
My brother will come here personally and put you back in
your cave.  And this time, you won't ever escape!  I'll make
sure of it!

          RYOKO:  (a little nervous)  This isn't my fault! 
She would have never come here in the first place if you
hadn't upset her with your rude treatment of Mihoshi.  She's
run away from you and all your arrogant demands on her
sensibilities!

          AYEKA:  (beside herself with rage)  Oh, I am so
angry!  I'm going to enjoy seeing you suffer!

     The door opens to permit Sasami, back to her usual,
youthful self--once again holding a torch.  She enters the
chamber and closes the door behind her.

          SASAMI:  (annoyed)  You two are fighting again? 
(disappointed)  Don't you ever stop?

33   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     A nice evening glow.

34   EXT. FRONT PORCH

     Tenchi is sitting on a bench.  He looks up and smiles,
as Noboyuki enters carrying a few bags.

          TENCHI:  Hey, Dad.  I see you're back from your
trip.  How did it go?

          NOBOYUKI:  Hey, Son.  I think it went okay.  Is
dinner ready yet?

          TENCHI:  Hmm...  Well, Sasami has been acting
pretty weird lately.  I don't know why, but she keeps
telling me go do something else whenever I try to help her
out in the kitchen.

35   INT. ENTRANCE

     Noboyuki enters.  Yosho is just descending the stairs,
as Noboyuki sets down the bags.

          NOBOYUKI:  Oh.  Hey, Dad!  I just got back from my
trip.  I think they were really impressed with my work.

          YOSHO:  Oh?

          NOBOYUKI:  They were talking about giving me
another assignment.  They didn't say, but I think it's near
Kyoto.  I'm so excited!

          YOSHO:  Hmm...  Very impressive.  Things seem to
be coming together again.

     Yosho exits, as Ayeka begins to descend the stairs,
looking a little stunned.

          NOBOYUKI:  Hey, Ayeka.  I'm back.

          AYEKA:  (looking up)  Oh!  Hello, Lord Noboyuki. 
It is good to see you again.

          NOBOYUKI:  Do you think you can help me move
Mihoshi's junk out of my room again?  She always leaves such
a mess.

     Ayeka's eyes widen, and she hurriedly exits.

          NOBOYUKI:  (softly)  Was it something I said?

36   EXT. FRONT PORCH

     Tenchi is still sitting at the bench.  Yosho stands
next to him, considering the view.

          YOSHO:  A nice, spring-like evening?

          TENCHI:  (amused)  I've seen better.

          YOSHO:  It seems very complete, now.  With your
father here, I feel as if my work is done.

          TENCHI:  I never realized how much work there was
in keeping a shrine.

          YOSHO:  (faintly amused)  It isn't all manual
labor, Tenchi.  (sagacious)  Most of it is in your mind. 
You have to think, and--most importantly--remember. 
Remember who you are and where you are going.

     Tenchi scratches his head nervously.

          TENCHI:  I don't know, Grandpa...  I mean, what am
I going to do with my life, now?

     Yosho looks up and considers.

          YOSHO:  Oh, just the same as always, Tenchi. 
Never forget where you have come from, either.

37   EXT. SKY (from near front porch)

     A shooting star crosses the sky.

          YOSHO:  Ah...  I see Mihoshi was successful...

38   EXT. DISTANT HILLS

     A mammoth explosion.

39   EXT. FRONT PORCH

     The ground shakes and a violent gust of wind goes by.

          TENCHI:  Yeah, that's Mihoshi, all right.

40   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ryoko is lying on a support beam, reading a book.  She
looks down.  Tilt down to where Mihoshi enters, a small
sphere hovering just over her shoulder.

          MIHOSHI:  Ayeka!  Your mom says it's time to go to
bed.

     Ayeka sits at the sofa, a half-eaten snack in her
hands.  She scowls and stiffly stands.

     Ayeka confronts Mihoshi.

          AYEKA:  (very annoyed)  Why does she always
command me and not Sasami?  I am a crown princess.  I should
sleep when I choose.

          MIHOSHI:  (scolding)  Now, now, Ayeka.  It's
impolite to talk back to your mentor.

          AYEKA:  (barely restrained)  Temporary mentor!  I
never agreed to that term, you know.

          MIHOSHI:  (pleasantly imperious)  You don't
question the will of the Supreme Commander of the Royal
Bodyguard, do you?

          AYEKA:  (rolls her eyes)  All right.  I'm going...

     Ryoko chuckles.

          RYOKO:  (to herself)  You know, I think I'm
beginning to like that nitwit.  (suddenly thoughtful) 
Hmm...

41   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Tenchi, Sasami and Mihoshi sitting on the floor in
Tenchi's room, playing a game of cards.

          SASAMI:  Gin!

     Tenchi and Mihoshi groan as Sasami scoops up a small
pile of coins.

          MIHOSHI:  (frowning)  This is a stupid game.

          TENCHI:  (amused)  Now, Mihoshi.  You only say
that because you never win.

     Sasami yawns and starts counting her coins.

          MIHOSHI:  I never get any threes.  I've held three
deuces the past seven hands, I swear!

          TENCHI:  Well, I've had six deuces total in the
past four games.  So, I find that hard to believe.

          MIHOSHI:  Sasami gets all the luck.

     Sasami smiles and continues counting.

          SASAMI:  I was born lucky.

          TENCHI:  Not as lucky as Mihoshi.  She got a
perfect score on her evaluation.  That had to be luck.

          MIHOSHI:  No way!  That was pure skill.  I'm a
pretty genius and a killing machine all rolled into one.

     Tenchi rolls his eyes as Sasami laughs.

          MIHOSHI:  (scowling)  Yeah, laugh it up, Sasami. 
But I passed through fifteen layers of conduct, response and
protocols with absolute precision.  Now, I am like a
goddess.  I got applause from half the fellow detectives in
my unit.  I kick universal butt!

     Sasami tucks away her winnings.

          SASAMI:  Too bad you still stink at cards.  Well,
(yawning again) I'm off.  See you in the morning.

     Sasami leaves.

          TENCHI:  Yeah, that about does it for me, too.  I
don't think I could play another hand.

          MIHOSHI:  You sure?  I'm still wide awake.  I'm
just brimming with confidence.  I hate to spoil a nice
night.

          TENCHI:  Huh...  Okay.  Whatever you say, Mihoshi.
What's it to be?  You want to play hide-and-seek?

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  I just had a wicked thought.  How
about strip poker?

     Tenchi chuckles.

          MIHOSHI:  What?

          TENCHI:  Isn't that a game you play with more than
two people?

          MIHOSHI:  It's probably a lot more fun with just
two people.  (looking around)  What?  Is your dad taping us,
or something?

          TENCHI:  No, it's just that this is really unlike
you, Mihoshi.  I'd almost swear I'm dreaming.

          MIHOSHI:  Don't be silly, Tenchi.  How could you
be dreaming if I'm still awake?

          TENCHI:  Well...

          TENCHI:  It's no use, Ryoko.  You can't fool me. 
I can sense you, and when I know I'm dreaming, I can make
the dream become anything I want.  Like I said before, it's
all completely meaningless.

42   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM (dimmed)

     Tenchi is lying in bed, looking over at Ryoko.  Her
eyes are completely black.  The blackness fades as she
scowls and folds her arms.

          RYOKO:  You know, Tenchi.  I would love to play
strip poker.  It beats skulking around like a thief.

     Tenchi rolls over in bed.

          TENCHI:  Some other time, Ryoko.  I'm trying to
sleep.

THE END

