Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo and the characters of that show are the property of AIC and
Pioneer LDC.  This fanfic is in no way a challenge to the copyrights and/or trademarks
owned by those companies.  The only thing the author has any claim to is the characters
and writing which he himself composes.  I am not making any money off this so please
don't sue me.  

This story takes place in the OVA universe, shortly after episode 13.  Italics denote a
character's thoughts, while line breaks signify a scene change.

Comments, critiques, and praise are all much appreciated as I then know people actually
read this.  All comments can all be sent to Majingotenks0@hotmail.com

Warnings: As always read at your own discretion.  Possible OOC although I try to be as
true as I can.

!!!!!!READ THIS FIRST!!!!!

Two things before you start.  First, although this is a stand-alone story, it is set somewhere
in the continuity of the "Shadow Of The Kutan" saga.  The only thing you really need to
know if you haven't read that arc is about Sareno Kadreth.  Sareno is an original character
who plays a minor role of facilitator in this story.  He is a former protege of Washu's back at
the Academy and currently is a professor there (on leave at the time of the story to do
research).  During the Kutan arc, he and Washu developed a more intimate relationship.

As you read this story, you may notice that things after a certain point things are..."off" a 
little,
specifically reasoning and logic.  This is done deliberately to reflect state the state of mind of
the characters involved...you'll see as you read.  If for some reason you still don't get it, (I
know you're all bright people out there) read the notes at the end.  This fic alternates
between Washu's, Sareno's, and Ryoko's POV with a deliberately picked narration style
for each, based on their "situation".

Thanks for reading all of that...now...finally...on with the story!
__________________


The Dreams Of Sacrifice


Ryoko studied the expression on the scientist's face, looking for something that would show
that he was lying, but his expression remained the same as when he had first asked her to
participate in a "present" for Washu.  

The former space pirate narrowed her golden eyes menacingly, growling, "No.  There's no
way you're getting me into that lab of hers to mess with my mind."

Sareno sighed and looked upwards, rolling his own midnight blue eyes back into his head in
mock exasperation.  He brushed a purple bang, which had fallen forward again, out of his
face, back into the rest of his spiky hair before responding to Ryoko's claim.  Smiling
slightly, he looked back at the cyan-haired girl and explained, "Look, it's not messing with
your mind. It's a kind of virtual trip' where you go on a type of vacation' with her without
even leaving the house.  It will be fun.  I've picked out a nice schedule..."

Tenchi smiled, "I think this would be a very nice thing to do Ryoko."

Sareno carefully noted Ryoko's glance in Tenchi's direction.  Mouthing "thanks" to the boy,
who simply smiled in return, the scientist continued, "There will be great restaurants, five star
hotel, beach...the works Ryoko."

Ryoko hesitated, actually considering that it might be fun, that and Tenchi thought it might be
a nice thing to do.  Perhaps she would seem like a good person to him and enjoy herself at
the same time, even if Washu was coming along.

Sareno smiled mischievously, knowing that she would do it.

Ryoko disappeared briefly, rematerializing behind Tenchi, her arms wrapped around him,
"Maybe we could take a vacation by ourselves afterwards Tenchi?"

Ryoko giggled as Tenchi pulled away, embarrassed.  Glancing in the mirror briefly as she
adjusted her blue and yellow dress, Ryoko smugly looked over at Tenchi, "If you promise
me that we can take a trip afterwards, I'll do it."

Tenchi's eyes widened slightly at the request.  Glancing over at Sareno, he found the
professor looking expectantly at him.  Tenchi's eyes shifted back between the waiting
Sareno and Ryoko before finally he mumbled, "Ok..ok...we can go."

Ryoko beamed as she jumped forward, nearly tackling the boy.  "Oh Tenchi we will have
such a good time...you and me...alone...," the former space pirate smiled seductively at
him, her face inches away from his before letting go.

Tenchi hoped that he did the right thing in helping to convince Ryoko to help the professor
set up the present he had in mind for Washu's "birthday".  Since no one really knew when
her birthday was and given the emotionally troubled past she apparently had, Sareno
thought it best not to make a big deal of it by throwing a large party.  Instead, he concluded
that a nice present, coupled with time spent with Ryoko might be the best idea.

Tenchi examined the young professor's evil smile, mentally correcting himself that although
Sareno Kadreth appeared no older than he, his life had spanned well over five thousand
years, having graduated the Galaxy Academy Of Science well before Washu's abduction
by Kagato.  Tenchi knew he was perhaps second only to Washu in intelligence and could
be just as devious as she was.  Tenchi frowned as he watched the two enter the sub-space
lab, hoping that it wasn't just an experiment and wondering just what he had gotten himself
into.
__________________


Ryoko stretched and closed her golden eyes as she settled into the large comfy chair
Sareno had pointed to.  The scientist pressed a button on a nearby console, prompting
numerous restraining cables to restrain Ryoko into the seat.

Ryoko's eyes grew wide with horror before she turned her head angrily at Sareno.

The scientist smiled, holding his hands up, "They're just for your safety so that during
your..."trip"...you don't fall out of the chair as you move in your....sleep.  However if you
insist," Sareno pushed another button, causing the cables to loosen slightly, "You can slip
out anytime you wish."

Slightly relived but still not exactly satisfied with the conditions, Ryoko replayed Tenchi's
encouragement and his promise to go with her on one of these trip things later over and
over again within her mind's eye.  

Sareno took off his black Academy jacket with it's green and white lapel and rolled up the
sleeves of his flowing white button shirt.  He reached into an interior pocket of his black vest,
producing a small rectangular device, "This is a remote sensor so I can monitor your vital
signs during the process.  It's a safety precaution so if anything goes wrong I will know and
be able to stop the dream sequence."

Ryoko looked up at him as he began to place the device on her forehead, "Dream
sequence?"

The professor nodded, "Yes.  The device I have constructed taps directly into the part of
the brain where dreams are perceived when you sleep.  However, unlike the dreams that
you normally experience, these will follow a strict algorithm I have devised.  Basically, like
some dreams you may have, it will seem real and you will rationalize that somehow you are
supposed to be where you are, however, due to the fact that I have devised the world you
will be dreaming about based on real places, the experience will seem even more
plausible and events will follow rational courses, based on the actions you choose."

Sareno looked at her, amused, "For instance, if you disintegrate your hotel, you will
probably be chased off Paradise Island by the police."

Ryoko smirked at the thought, visualizing Washu's expression at being chased by the
police during her vacation.

Sareno shrugged, "But you won't remember that you are actually dreaming until you wake
up again.  Neither will Washu, who you will be linked with and will share your dream.  This
will be made easier through your mental link with her..."

"Stop putting her to sleep with the lecture Professor Kadreth!," Washu chided as she
walked out of a back room, promptly running up to Ryoko and embracing her as the pirate
sat, restrained, "Are you all ready to go on a trip with Mommy little-Ryoko?"

Ryoko rolled her eyes, "Yeah.  Yeah." Looking at Sareno from over Washu's shoulder she
pleaded, "Can we just get this over with?"

Sareno smiled as his ethereal computer materialized in front of him, "With pleasure."

Ryoko felt her eyes grow heavy as her vision faded, Tenchi you definitely owe me one.
__________________


Washu stood back from her unconscious daughter, "Is she fully asleep yet?"

Sareno's computer vanished as another chair, similar to the one Ryoko lay in, appeared,
"Yes she is.  Ryoko is ready to enter the program.  She won't remember anything that has
happened to her over the last two thousand years, but the program will provide a logical
history for her which will make perfect sense within the context of the dream created."

Washu smiled sadly at her daughter, "I wish it could be different...this is the best way to see
if it really could have worked."

Sareno looked at her, worriedly, "I looked over your program Washu and I don't see any
safety precautions.  You could end up anywhere in any situation....it's based on your
subconscious mind...this could become a nightmare of sorts..."

Washu continued to gaze at her daughter's sleeping form, never taking her eyes off her, "I
know, but the real world isn't ideal.  I grew up poor and of low social status, and I need to
know if I could have had a relationship with my daughter under those conditions."

Washu turned to her former student, "Safety is where you come in.  I won't really remember
anything other than what the dream tells me to remember' ...but..."

The red-haired scientist's expression grew even more serious as she paused briefly, "Do
not interfere unless one of us is terminated in the dream or something goes wrong.  I'm
giving you some discretion here, but remember, while Ryoko may not remember anything
when she wakes up, I will."

Sareno nodded in response as he helped her into the chair.  After securing the safety
harness, he bent down, kissing her on her forehead, "Good luck."

Washu smiled briefly before the professor stepped back activating the devices, causing
her to slip into unconsciousness.
__________________


*CRASH!*

"...And don't ever come back here or next time I'll see to it that you lose more than your
pride!" Madam Washu yelled at the drunk ruffian stumbling away, out of the broken glass.

Washu sighed.  As the head mistress of Kagato's "House Of The Setting Sun", it was her
job to welcome "guests and customers" as well as help protect any of the "ladies" from a
potentially dangerous situation.  She just wished that her daughter didn't have to be a part
of this now.  She had tried to protect her little Ryoko from this life, but she was sixteen now,
old enough to be able to do almost anything she wanted to.  Ryoko had recently insisted
that she wanted to help her mother earn enough money to help set up the life they
dreamed about East....maybe live in New York or Boston...perhaps visit Europe and see
the ancient ruins in Rome....

Washu shook the thoughts from her head.  The trip was far away and reality was here,
managing Kagato's Bordello.  Kagato essentially owned the small town called Twin Snake
Valley, deep within Texas.  It was the frontier of the civilized world, deep within the "wild
west" of the United States, far from the eyes of the law, which allowed Kagato to run the
town as he did.  It was a place of cattle rustlers and cowboys to relax as before they
continued on their way to Mexico or California.  The railroad also stopped in the town,
bringing everything from visitors to prospectors to outlaws seeking to escape from the law.

This is what had originally attracted Washu to the town, the excitement of the various
travellers.  Of course, that was when she was married to her husband.  She and her
daughter, Ryoko, had followed him here, only to be abandoned a few days later as he
sought his fortune, free from the constraints of a wife and child.  It was then that Washu
began to see things differently.  Although she had originally thought that she would be able
to work for a while and buy a ticket back home, she quickly realized that she had no home to
go back to.  Thus, she needed to save, but there weren't many jobs for women.  So,
Washu began to work for Kagato in his Bordello.  She had made it clear to him that she
would not work as the other girls did, but would help run the house while he was taking care
of other matters in the town.  Her social skills, personality, and exotic beauty made her ideal
for the job of head mistress, and although she didn't like it, it was money and Kagato was in
the unique position of guaranteeing safety.

That was almost two years ago.  Now little-Ryoko was sixteen and Kagato had begun to
take an interest in Washu's daughter.  Washu knew that the monster saw profit within her
daughter's beauty, which easily rivaled hers, that and Ryoko's youth and innocence. 
Although it was hard to keep Ryoko from knowing exactly what Washu did, the red-haired
mistress had mitigated the knowledge and kept little-Ryoko's mind away from the foul
business which her mother ran for Kagato.

Washu was good at what she did.  She knew which men were potential customers, which
were wasting her time, and who was too dangerous to leave alone with one of the workers. 
The one thing which allowed Washu to rest easy at night was her ability to protect those
she was entrusted with.  Despite this, the thought of her daughter working for the same
bastard she did was almost too much to bear.  Yet, Washu hoped that even if she could
never earn enough money for the life she wanted her daughter to have, she could find a
man she could entrust her daughter to.  Someone to take care of her and provide Ryoko
with the life she deserved.  A life Washu could never give her.
__________________


Sareno frowned at his computer.  He had sealed off the lab, much to everyone's
annoyance, to ensure that the program would continue to run uninterrupted.  Unknown to
Washu, he had tapped into the dreamworld program so that he could directly monitor
events as they unfolded, as opposed to simply observing vital signs and the general
status of the procedure.  The professor worried that something might go drastically wrong,
something which could go opposite to Washu's hopes and further scar her emotionally. 
Although he did not like the situation Washu's subconscious had created, he decided to wait
and let events play out.  To interfere before the dream finished would certainly anger
Washu as he not only would have spied on her personal time with Ryoko, but also ended
it prematurely.  Sareno waited, carefully observing his viewscreen.
__________________


It was a slow day.  Washu sat inside, lightly fanning herself, wishing that she had not worn
her heavy burgundy dress on a day as hot as this.  

"Awwww DAD!..."

"C'mon Tenchi it'll be fun.  I'm gonna buy you a girl.  You're old enough to know about
these things now."

Washu's ears picked up, listening to the conversation as a slightly overweight man, dressed
in fine city travelling clothes, followed by his similarly dressed son, walked in.

Although the father appeared enthusiastic, probably an "experienced" customer, Washu
reasoned, his son appeared rather uncomfortable.

Washu stood and causally approached the two, smiling sweetly, "Good afternoon
gentlemen.  I am Madam Washu.  Can I help you?"

The older man smiled as his eyes grew wide, "You sure can..."

"Dad!," the boy named Tenchi yelled, embarrassed.

Although her smile remained prominent, Washu began to quickly resent the older man.

"I'm Nobuyuki," the man bowed awkwardly, "this is my son Tenchi."

"Umm...hi," Tenchi stammered.

Washu turned her eyes to the boy, "A pleasure.  Now can I interest you in anything?"

Nobuyuki nudged his son forward slightly, "I'd like Tenchi to...uhhh... meet someone
special."

Your subtly Mr. Nobuyuki is astounding, Washu thought sarcastically.

"Of course.  Now if you'd follow...." Washu began as Ryoko ran down the stairs from the
upper floor of the house, where their personal rooms were.

Tenchi looked up slightly startled.  Upon briefly making eye-contact with the cyan-haired
beauty in her matching green velvet dress, who smiled back, he immediately pinched his
nose in an attempt to stop the blood flow.

Washu, slightly oblivious to Tenchi's predicament, glanced nervously over at Ryoko,
wishing that she would stay in her room while her mother was working.

Nobuyuki excitedly noticed his son's reaction, "How about her?"

Washu nearly jumped out of her shoes and started to snap, "She doesn't work...." stopping
herself in mid-sentence.

She quickly glanced at Tenchi.  He was so innocent...and his eyes.  His eyes reflected a
kindness of the likes which Washu had never seen in Twin Snake before.  She bit her lip in
thought as she chose to take one of the biggest risks of her life.  She knew she was a good
judge of character and she hoped to everything sacred that she was making the right
decision.

Washu held a finger up, "One moment please."

She ran over to her daughter and grabbed Ryoko's shoulders lightly.  As she began to
kneel, Ryoko followed suit, slightly nervous about the look of pain and hope in her mother's
eyes.  Washu whispered, her voice quaking anxiously, "Ryoko.  I want you to listen to me
very carefully."

Ryoko nodded slightly, "Sure mom."

Washu hesitated for a moment, finding for some reason Ryoko calling her "mom" a little
strange even though she had always done so.  Shaking the feeling off, she continued,
"Over there, behind me is a boy.  He is kind, handsome, and has money. Even more so,
he's your age, which means it will be easier to develop a real relationship with him.  You
must make him love you as you will love him, for he will take you with him, away from this
horrible place."

Ryoko sat, stunned as she listened to her mother's words.  Her eyes drifted over to the
boy who had slightly turned away, embarrassed.  Ryoko suppressed a small laugh at this,
but her eyes grew wide as she looked at him.  There was something about him. 
Something familiar.  Ryoko felt a flood of emotion she couldn't quite explain, an attachment
to this boy that she couldn't decipher.  It was almost as if she had fallen in love with him
before, but that was impossible as she had never seen him prior to today.

Washu noted her daughter's reaction carefully before leaving her and returning to the two
travellers, hoping her smile hid the internal conflict raging insider her, "All right Mr. Tenchi, if
you'd be so kind as to follow me."
__________________


The door closed behind them with a soft "click".

As Ryoko sat down lightly on the bed, she noticed Tenchi glance at her from the corner of
his eye.  She approached him, placing her hand on his shoulder, whispering in his ear,
"What's wrong Tenchi?"

Tenchi's eyes fixed onto the floor boards, "This...this isn't right."

Ryoko remembered the techniques the women discussed around the house and cooed
into his ear, "It's alright Tenchi." She backed up, smiling seductively.

Tenchi looked up at her, his eyes full of concern, "Why are you doing this?"

Ryoko, thrown off guard, hesitated for a moment, "What do you mean?"

Tenchi gestured around the room, eventually pointing to the bed, "This.  Why are you up
here with me?  You don't even know me really."

Stunned Ryoko started to break down, "I....I..." Quickly she sat down on the bed, sobbing.

Tenchi looked down at the sobbing girl and sat down on the bed next to her, taking her lithe
form into his arms.  When her crying had subsided, he asked again softly, "Why are you
here?"

Ryoko drew away, looking at the floor.  A moment of silence passed between them before
she spoke again, looking up into his eyes, pleading, "Tenchi take me away from here."

Tenchi's eyes widened slightly as the impact of the statement settled in, but Ryoko
continued, explaining how she and her mother were abandoned at Twin Snake and how
Washu tried to support them both in hopes of one day settling back east.  Ryoko decided
to omit Washu's latest plan from her story for fear of Tenchi thinking that he was being used.

Tenchi sat, absorbing the story.  Slowly he got up, taking out his money purse.  He
opened it and emptied the bills and change into his hand, holding it out to Ryoko, "Here. 
Take this and I'll go talk to my father and see what he can do."

Ryoko looked down at the money.  It was more than she and Washu had usually ever had
at one time between the two of them.  Ryoko hesitated before Tenchi grabbed her hand,
pressing the money into her palm.  Instead of grasping the cash, Ryoko felt her fingers
close around Tenchi's.  The money fell to the floor as she looked up into his eyes.  Tenchi
smiled back at her for a moment before he turned away, slightly embarrassed again.  

He opened the door, turning his head to look back at Ryoko, before he left, "I'll be back.  I
promise."

As the door closed slowly, Ryoko looked down, hoping he would.  Slowly she began
picking up the fallen money.
__________________


Washu watched Tenchi leave the room.  She had heard everything through a peephole
connecting to the next room and had decided to approach him while Nobuyuki was
still...busy looking at the girls.  She figured that if she played a convincing enough act, then
she could sway the boy even more than Ryoko had.  

"Mr. Tenchi!" Washu chased after him.  

Tenchi turned around as Washu grabbed his broad shoulders with her own small hands,
"Tenchi you have to take Ryoko away from here.  If she stays, there's no telling what
Kagato will do with her.  I fear for her safety and she deserves so much.  So much more
than I can give her.  I know I'm not a good mother, but you have to get her out of Twin
Snake.  Please..."

Her words came out almost too quickly for Tenchi to follow, but he managed to clasp one of
her hands reassuringly, "Miss Washu, I'm sure you've done your best and I will try to
convince my father to help me get Ryoko out of here.  He'll probably be thrilled that I'm
taking a girl along with me..."

Washu interrupted him, slightly relieved as she bit back tears of joy, "Oh thank you
Tenchi...thank you."

Tenchi looked down at her, "What about you?"

Washu stood back, stunned.  She had never thought about herself really.  The only thing in
her mind had been for Ryoko to be safe and happy.  After a moment she finally shook her
head, answering, "What happens to me doesn't matter.  I can take care of myself.  The only
thing that is important is that Ryoko gets out of here..."

Washu paused for a moment before finishing her thought, "...even if she goes on without
me.  Convince your father Tenchi.  Please."

Tenchi nodded, "I will."

Washu hugged him, shutting her eyes tightly to prevent herself from crying.  Her daughter
would be safe and that's all that mattered.
__________________


A little while later, Washu ran back into Ryoko's room, "Ryoko pack your things!  You're
leaving tomorrow."

Ryoko looked up at her mother still in a daze from her encounter with Tenchi, "What?"

Washu pulled her daughter to her feet, opening the closet and started to fold her dresses,
"Grab anything personal you have here, because you're not coming back.  You leave with
Tenchi and his father tomorrow."

Ryoko stood still as a realization dawned upon her.  She flatly asked, "You're not coming
are you?"

Washu stopped her frantic packing, bowing her head slightly.  She turned to her beautiful
daughter, cupping her face in her own hands, "I want you to be strong little-Ryoko.  You
have your entire life ahead of you.  I love you and I tried to do everything I could, but the
world is a hard place and I just wasn't a good enough mother.  I can take care of myself.  I
always have.  You need someone to take care of you now.  That is why you are going."

Ryoko bit her lip and simply nodded as Washu turned to help her finish packing.
__________________


The train arrived on time.  Washu handed her daughter the ticket Tenchi had given her, "Now
I want you to take this and go.  Tenchi is already on board.  The conductor will help you find
your seat."

Ryoko nodded and started to turn to go, but her mother stopped her one last time, "Ryoko
I want you to take these with you to help you start a new life."

Ryoko looked down at the three rubies that her mother pressed into the palm of her hand,
"But these are from Kagato's..."

Washu nodded, "Yes they were his, but they will be yours now.  Go quickly."

Ryoko started to ask her mother what would become of her when Kagato found out, but
Washu had gestured for her to go.

As Ryoko started to walk towards the train, Washu heard a horrifying voice, one which she
had hoped she would not hear that day.

"Good morning Madam Washu.  Shouldn't you be working today?"

Washu turned to face the tall, finely dressed man.  Kagato was certainly an intimidating
figure, especially considering that fact that he practically owned all of Twin Snake Valley.

When the head mistress of his "enterprise" gave no immediate answer, Kagato snarled at
the figure of Ryoko slowly walking towards the train, "We will discuss this later.  First I have
to teach your daughter that it's not nice to steal some of my most prized possessions."

Washu watched in horror as Kagato pulled a revolver out from under his grey suit coat,
aiming it at Ryoko's back.

"No!" Washu flung herself at the large man, grabbing his arm, "Run Ryoko!".  Although
physically stronger, the attack was unexpected, causing Kagato to lose his grip on the
pistol.  As the weapon flew through the air, he threw Washu to the ground, drawing another
gun as she hit the earth, "I'm sorry it had to be this way Washu, but you know of my lack of
tolerance.  You have tried my patience far too much."

As Kagato dramatically aimed the gun at her head, Washu sadly closed her eyes, thinking,
At least Ryoko will get away.

**BANG!!!**

Washu heard the shot ring out and opened her eyes in shock to see Kagato fall forward into
the ground beside her, dead.

Washu turned her head to see her trembling daughter drop a derringer into the dust.

"Mom!" Ryoko ran to her mother, embracing her, crying.

Washu stroked her daughter's hair as Ryoko cried, "I love you mom."

Washu saw Tenchi running out of the train, a gun drawn.  Knowing that she would be
entrusting her daughter into good hands, she smiled sadly, tears flowing freely from her
eyes, "I know...I'll come visit you when I can, but it's time for you to go now.  Quickly, before
the sheriff arrives."

Ryoko stepped back, nodding slowly.  Washu watched as she picked up her suitcase and
ran towards Tenchi who quickly ushered her into the train.

As Washu waved to the train which was to depart in a few minutes, reality seemed to
stutter for a moment as Washu felt as if she were nearing the end of a dream and struggling
to stay asleep.  She hoped that she was really awake and that Ryoko was really on her
way with the boy from the city, away from Twin Snake.  Pinching herself, Washu was
satisfied that she really was awake, and turned away from the train to walk back to the house
where her own suitcase lay, packed.  There was nothing more for her here and the law
would soon be asking questions.

As she turned around, she ran into someone accidently, "Oh sorry."

Looking up, she saw that she had bumped into a cowboy dressed in black riding clothes
with a similar black duster.

Tipping his black hat, the stranger replied, "Pardon me ma'am, but I couldn't help but
overhearing your predicament.  I happen to have an extra ticket for this train if you'd like to
ride with me to New York."

Washu looked at the cowboy strangely.  Although he seemed familiar, she couldn't recall
ever seeing him before.  Despite this, for the second time in her life, Washu, former
mistress of Kagato's House, trusted someone on the spot.  It didn't seem to fit, but it felt
right.  Besides she could travel with Ryoko now.  

Minutes later, she boarded the train and sat down.  She looked out the window, thinking
how surprised little-Ryoko would be when they got to New York or Boston or wherever
they were going, as long as it wasn't here.  Washu heard the train's whistle as the scenery
blurred with movement.  She looked over at the strange cowboy to ask his name as she
had somehow in her haste forgotten to ask earlier.  To her surprise, he turned and smiled at
her, placing his hand on her cheek, "Wake up little-Washu."
__________________


Washu sat up with a start, as both reality and her memories flooded her senses and mind. 
The cowboy in the black hat seemed to fade from her vision, being replaced by Sareno
and his purple hair.  Blinking twice as she remembered where she was and what had
happened, she looked over at the still unconscious Ryoko.  

The red-haired scientist smiled softly as tears began to flow, "She ..she..she said she loved
me...she called me mom."

She turned back to Sareno as he helped her stand.  Angrily, she growled, "You broke
protocol Kadreth.  You were not supposed to enter the dream.  Someone needs to be
monitoring at all times..."

Sareno stepped back with an innocent expression, "I didn't enter the dream.  When I
started the wake up process, like a dream, your mind began to add things in that wouldn't
make sense.  Given the memory repressing techniques you used, it must have been quite
strange..."

Smiling, the scientist continued, "...but I take it as an ultimate compliment that you
unconsciously decided to add me in..." 

Washu rolled her eyes at the comment, but her expression quickly grew serious, "Thank
you Sareno..."

The professor smiled back briefly before he kissed her, "Happy birthday Washu."

Washu closed her eyes for a moment before pulling away, startled, "How much longer will
she be out?"

Sareno sighed, rubbing the sleep away from his eyes as he performed a quick mental
calculation, "You both were under for thirty six hours, so...about twenty more minutes. 
When she wakes she'll remember nothing.  I'm going to tell her that there was a malfunction
and both you and she were recovering in separate rooms."

Washu nodded solemnly, "It has to be like this...I don't know how she'd handle
remembering it."

Sareno shrugged, "I think it would be fine, but...that was a noble thing you did in there."

Washu shook her head, "I did what I had to do...I...I think I need to be alone for a while
Sareno.  Get some sleep, we'll talk later."

Sareno simply nodded as he watched her leave.
__________________


Later that evening, Ryoko sat on a hill, outside the Masaki home.  As she threw her third
empty bottle of saki over the side of the cliff, she heard a voice behind her, "She loves you
you know.  In her own way.  I think this proved it." 

Ryoko half turned as Sareno sat down next to her, continuing, "You wanted to talk to me?"

Ryoko gazed over the side of the cliff, "Yeah.  The instructions you put in my head after the
dream ended explained everything pretty well...but why can't I talk to her?

Sareno sat back against a rock, "You could, but I don't think that she's ready to, despite what
she claims.  Her claiming that you couldn't handle the memories of the dream is
synonymous with her saying that she isn't ready to be a mother to you like she dreams
about."

Sareno paused for a second before finishing his thought, "I think she realizes that...perhaps
one day she will be ready."

Ryoko raised an eyebrow at the last comment before voicing a concern, "You're not
worried that she can find out what I'm thinking?"

Sareno laughed slightly, "Her mind link with you isn't that specific, unless you willingly
communicate it to her.  Just be careful...if she finds out though, we'll deal with it then.

Ryoko sighed, head bowed, "So I should just act normally then?"

Sareno stood slowly, his voice suddenly sounding tired as the stress of monitoring the
dreams and nightmares of those close to him for a day and a half straight finally manifested,
"Do what you want.  I just gave you the chance to make your own decisions.  That's what
you want right?  To be free from control?"

Ryoko looked forward at the horizon, "Sometimes being free comes with tough
decisions..."

Sareno nodded in agreement, smiled softly and turned, looking at the black cowboy hat he
held in his hand.

"Sareno?"

"Yes?"

"Was that really....I mean...was the depiction of Tenchi accurate in the dream?"

Sareno noted the hope in Ryoko's voice before he carefully answered, "Although the
Tenchi in the dream was influenced slightly by Washu's unconsciousness and the way she
perceives him, it was a fairly accurate program, being based upon all of her physical and
psychological studies on him.  I believe that it's safe to say that Tenchi cares at least as
much for you as he did in the dream.  Probably more since he knows you better in real life."

As Ryoko turned to stare at the stars above, a small tear escaping an eye, Sareno slowly
walked away, placing the black cowboy hat on his head.
__________________


Authors Notes:

Obviously as this was primarily Washu's dream, leaps of logic and strong influences from
her (and Ryoko's) "real life" are facilitated by the conditions.  The difference in Ryoko's
attitude verses the way Washu perceives her in the dream reflects Ryoko's autonomy
within the dreamworld, although Zero's mentality clearly was the dominant force, reflecting
more of Ryoko's "true personality".  

I'm sure it doesn't escape Sareno's attention that Washu never spent as much one-on-one
time with Ryoko as he originally thought she would...perhaps she has some subconscious
fear of an extended emotional talk with her daughter...  As I wrote this, I also noted a parallel
with the Tenchi Muyo OVA, in that Ryoko at almost any time could have escaped from
Kagato's control, yet failed to until Tenchi arrived...BTW I think Soja means Twin
Snakes...like Kagato's robots...not 100% sure though...

Anyway, any questions, critiques, complements (especially complements) email me! 
Majingotenks0@hotmail.com.  It tells me if people read this (and if they do, whether they
like it or not) or just skip over it.  I'm also thinking of a sequel....either another one dealing 
with
Washu, or one with Tenchi and Ryoko (he did promise a "trip" with her) or should I leave it
as is?  Let me know what you think!


-Calico Zero
