
Author:   Mike Fenton <mpfenton@hotmail.com>
Title:    AFS #25 (SILLY RIDDLES)
Notes:    Regular (OVA), script format
Summary:  Tenchi confronts some bizarre riddles.

[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Tilting upward to a night sky.  Clouds drift past a
shooting star.

2    EXT. YARD

     Sasami chases Ryo-Ohki around the yard.  (Sasami
appears to be about fifteen--a youthful pre-Tsunami.)

3    EXT. MAIN HALL (windows)

     Mihoshi is staring at the TV.  (Note:  TV is strictly
OC.)

4    INT. MAIN HALL (sofa)

     Mihoshi's vacant gaze seems frozen on her face.  She
scowls for a moment and picks up a snack.

     Ryoko lies on a support beam, reading a book.  She
holds out her right hand, and a white line of light appears.
The light spins and stretches, then resolves into a circle.
She then closes her hand over the light, shutting it out.

     She sits up and looks at her hand expectantly.  She
opens her hand and smiles.  She then frowns and looks down.

          RYOKO:  Hey, Mihoshi!  What are you watching?

     Mihoshi is eating a snack.  Ryoko teleports next to
Mihoshi, glaring down at her.

          RYOKO:  Mihoshi, didn't you hear me?

     Ryoko waves her hand in front of Mihoshi's face.  No
response.  She looks around at the TV.

          RYOKO:  I said, what are you--  (goofy-contralto) 
Whoa-ho...  Hello?

     Her eyes glaze over and she starts to grin.  A nervous
twitch flickers through her face, and she hits herself.

     Ryoko yanks away her gaze and glares at Mihoshi again.

          RYOKO:  (strained)  Mihoshi, are you deaf?

          MIHOSHI:  (wistful)  Huh?  Oh, Ryoko.  What's up?

          RYOKO:  What is this?  Where did you find this on
TV?

          MIHOSHI:  (grimacing)  It isn't a TV station. 
It's one of honorable Father's videos.  I thought it was
educational.  I was just checking what it was, but I can't
seem to stop watching.  It's so hypnotic.

     Ryoko slowly looks around again.  She looks at the
screen and flinches.

          RYOKO:  Oh!  That's so gross!

     She slowly looks around again and begins to get a good
stare going.

     Ryoko starts to grin again and sits at the sofa.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh my god, that isn't real.  It can't
be...

          RYOKO:  (leaning back)  I never knew education
could be so revealing.

     Ayeka slowly descends the stairs, brushing her hair.

          AYEKA:  How is it that I always find you two doing
something peculiar?  I simply must have peace if I am to
maintain my beautiful skin, you know.  Do you expect to
avoid wrinkles, if you horse around like children?

     Ayeka looks over at the TV, and the brush falls out of
her limp hand to the floor.  Her face starts turning deep
red.  She grimaces as a nervous twitch goes through her
face.

          AYEKA:  (strained)  What in the world are you
watching?

     Ryoko looks around at Ayeka--a grin still plastered on
her face.

          RYOKO:  Oh, hey Princess.  I thought you were
curious about what Earthlings do for fun.  Well, now you
know.

          AYEKA:  But they are--  They are--  (she looks
away)  Oh, this is so embarrassing.

     Ayeka strains to look down.

          AYEKA:  (clutching her head)  I must not look. 
This is simply dreadful.  What would Lord Tenchi think?

     Ryoko looks back at the TV.

          RYOKO:  (chuckling)  Well, Ayeka.  Tenchi is from
Earth.  This is probably just something people from Earth
are expected to watch.  This is his father's video, after
all.

          AYEKA:  (sighing)  That explains it.  Sometimes,
Lord Noboyuki is nothing but a scoundrel.  It shouldn't
surprise me that he would have something like this in his
possession.

     Mihoshi and Ryoko stare and Ayeka fights an urge to
look.  Ayeka starts to tremble.

     Ayeka looks up, rabid with curiosity.

          AYEKA:  (goofy-contralto)  Oh, whoa--

          RYOKO:  (wryly amused)  Hey Princess, I thought
you were too good to include yourself among us scoundrels...

          AYEKA:  (starting to grin)  Put a sock in it,
Ryoko.  I'm trying to watch.

     They all flinch.

          RYOKO:  Oh, that's so unreal!

          AYEKA:  (pondering)  They're not really doing what
it looks like they're doing?  (stunned)  Oh my god, they
really are--

     Mihoshi has a fresh look of bewilderment on her face.
Ryoko frowns in irritation, then starts to grin.

     Sasami suddenly appears.

          SASAMI:  Hey guys!  What are you watching?

     Ayeka gasps and tries to put a hand in front of
Sasami's eyes.  Sasami dodges and ducks, curiously.

          AYEKA:  Sasami!  You are much too young for this.

          SASAMI:  No, I'm not.  Don't be so overbearing,
Ayeka.  I'm nearly an adult, you know.

          AYEKA:  Sasami, leave the room immediately.  That
is an order!

          SASAMI:  (chuckling)  What is this?  A workout
video, or something?  It looks like fun.

     Ryoko starts laughing hysterically.  Sasami grabs
Ayeka's hand and looks.

          SASAMI:  Stop that, Ayeka.  I want to watch. 
Whoa!  They're--

     Ayeka hides her face in shame.  Sasami frowns with
confusion.

          SASAMI:  They're not working out, are they?

     Ryoko has a spasm of giggling.

          RYOKO:  It looks like a workout to me!

5    TITLE:  "EPISODE 25:  SILLY RIDDLES"

6    MAIN HALL (sofa)

     The four are still watching the TV.  Sasami frowns and
looks down, sighing.

          SASAMI:  I think I'll go prepare some dinner.  I
can't watch this.

          AYEKA:  That's a good idea, Sasami.  You go do
that.

     Sasami looks back around as she reaches the door.  She
then turns and sighs again.

     Ryoko frowns, thoughtfully.

          RYOKO:  Boy, you're right, Mihoshi.  This stuff is
hypnotic.

     Yosho enters and adjusts his glasses.

          YOSHO:  What are you girls watching?  It looks
like you're really mesmerized.

     Ayeka gasps and hides her face again.  Yosho suddenly
looks a little embarrassed.

          YOSHO:  Ah...  (very quickly)  Well, I suppose
it's only natural for healthy young women to be, uh-- 
Especially under strenuous circumstances, to uh--  I think
I'd better go, now.

     Yosho hurries from the room.  Ayeka groans in shame. 
Ryoko laughs.

          RYOKO:  Hey Yosho, you're missing the best part!

     Ayeka is still hiding her face.

          AYEKA:  Oh, Earth culture is so hideously
barbaric!

          RYOKO:  Yeah, isn't it great?

     Mihoshi scowls for a moment, then goes back to a vacant
stare.

7    INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami prepares some food.  She stops cutting for a
moment, then returns to work.  Ryo-Ohki walks up next to
Sasami, in her humanoid-child form.

          RYO-OHKI:  Eat?

          SASAMI:  Oh, hey Ryo-Ohki.  It's not time to eat,
yet.  I still have to cook this.  (turning away)  The others
are behaving like such children.  It's strange, but I think
I'm the only adult around here.

     Sasami pets Ryo-Ohki on the head.  Sasami then turns to
the range and starts to fill the pots.

8    INT. MAIN HALL (sofa)

     Ayeka is hiding her face as Ryoko scowls in
disappointment.

          RYOKO:  I think you can look up, Ayeka.

     Ayeka looks up and gasps.

          RYOKO:  Oops, sorry.  Okay, now it's over.

     Ayeka trembles in shame.

          AYEKA:  How terrible!  I shall never watch TV
again.  How can I ever look at myself and my beautiful skin
the same way?

          RYOKO:  (chuckling)  Well, at least now you know
why Noboyuki acts the way he does.  I've always wondered--

     Mihoshi comes out of her trance.

          MIHOSHI:  (annoyed)  What a humiliating thing to
see!  That was just so degrading!

     Mihoshi takes the video from the player.

          RYOKO:  (matter-of-factly)  Yeah, I think men are
such swine.  Let's see it again.

     Mihoshi angrily breaks the video, and Ryoko flinches in
shock.

          RYOKO:  Hey!  What did have to do that for?

          SASAMI:  (OC)  Is it over?

          AYEKA:  Yes, Sasami.  You may enter.

     Sasami brings in a couple dishes of food.

          SASAMI:  (subdued)  I'm so mortified.  I can't
believe you all could disgrace yourselves like this.

          RYOKO:  (irritated)  What's so disgraceful about
it?  It's perfectly natural, don't you think?  You people
are just far too sensitive.  I thought it was kind of sweet
and poetic.

     Tenchi enters.

          TENCHI:  Hey girls!  I'm back.  So, what's for
dinner?

     Ryoko looks shocked for a moment, then grins,
sadistically.  Mihoshi is still twitching in anger.  Ayeka
blushes and cowers in shame.  Sasami sighs and looks up at
Tenchi, very sullen.

          SASAMI:  Hi, Tenchi.  Welcome back.  I've prepared
us some nice food.

          TENCHI:  (looking around, doubtfully)  Am I in the
right house?  This is the Masaki residence, right?

9    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     A nice early morning frame.

10   INT. MAIN HALL (table)

     Tenchi sits at the table, reading a paper over some
coffee.  He calmly takes a drink, then looks around.

          TENCHI:  Oh, hey there!  Good morning, Sasami.

     Sasami approaches the table, wearing a blanket around
her shoulders.

          SASAMI:  Good morning, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  I didn't know you were in here.  Did you
sleep out here?

          SASAMI:  Yeah.

     Sasami sits down next to him.

          TENCHI:  What for?  You get in a fight with Ayeka?

          SASAMI:  No.  Ayeka was acting like a child,
though.  I just wasn't comfortable.  I'd rather not talk
about it.

     Tenchi flips a page.

          TENCHI:  Oh.

     Sasami looks sullen and thoughtful.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, you ever worry about what you
might become, one day?

          TENCHI:  Hmm...?  Oh.  You mean, what it's like to
be an adult--

          SASAMI:  No.  I mean, do you ever worry about
changing into someone completely different from yourself?

          TENCHI:  (a little nervous)  Do you?

          SASAMI:  No.  Well, I never did until last night. 
(sigh)  Things can change very quickly, can't they?

          TENCHI:  The others were acting pretty weird, too.
You sure you don't want to talk about it?

          SASAMI:  (smiling)  Very sure.  I'll see you
later, Tenchi.

     He frowns for a moment, then takes another sip of
coffee.

11   INT. LIBRARY

     Mihoshi is sitting over a notebook, writing--an open
book next to her, as if for reference.  Ryoko is sitting
across from her, concentrating on a small pyramid of light
in her hand.  The pyramid stretches one way, then the other
and spins, slowly.

     Tenchi enters the library, the paper under his arm.  He
lifts the cup of coffee to his lips and takes a drink,
considering.

     Mihoshi looks up.

          MIHOSHI:  (unflustered)  Oh, hey Tenchi.  I see
you're up early.

     Ryoko is still concentrating on her pyramid of light.

          RYOKO:  Morning, Tenchi...

     Tenchi ponders for a moment.

          TENCHI:  Have you girls seen Ayeka?  I need to
have a little chat with her.

     Ryoko shrugs.  Mihoshi stares thoughtfully for another
moment.

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  I think she's out in the
fields...  I'm not too sure, though.

     Tenchi looks thoughtfully around.  He takes the paper
in one hand and softly taps his head with it.

          TENCHI:  Okay...

12   EXT. CARROT FIELD

     Ayeka kneels down over a row.  Tenchi enters scene,
still holding the paper.

          TENCHI:  Good morning, Ayeka.

          AYEKA:  (looking up)  Oh, good morning, Lord
Tenchi.

     Ayeka looks back down at her work.

          AYEKA:  Isn't it a beautiful morning?

     Tenchi frowns in confusion.  He takes the paper and
taps his other hand with the end.

          TENCHI:  Yeah...  Ayeka, you mind if I ask a silly
question?

     She is stunned for a moment, then looks up.  She smiles
and wipes away some sweat.

          AYEKA:  Not at all, Lord Tenchi.  There are no
silly questions, you know.

     Tenchi kneels down next to Ayeka.

          TENCHI:  (softly)  What are you doing?

          AYEKA:  I'm weeding.  What does it look like I'm
doing?

          TENCHI:  Ah...  (pondering for a moment)  Why?

          AYEKA:  Because, Lord Tenchi--otherwise, the
fields would grow foul and useless.  Someone must weed, you
know.

          TENCHI:  (smiling wryly)  I meant, why are you
weeding?

          AYEKA:  (softly chuckling)  Because it is what I
wish, Lord Tenchi.  You wish for me to cease?

     He slowly stands, tapping his paper again.

          TENCHI:  No.  I don't mind.  Go ahead.

13   EXT. NEAR CAVE ENTRANCE

     The old burial chamber of Ryoko, now overgrown with
weeds.  Tenchi approaches.  He frowns and taps his paper
again.

          TENCHI:  (softly)  Why?

     Sasami is sitting on a high branch in a tree.  She
frowns thoughtfully and leans forward.  She lands softly
behind him.  She slinks up to him and looks over his
shoulder.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  Why what?

     He turns, alarmed, then sighs in relief.

          TENCHI:  (chuckling)  Sasami, you scared me.

          SASAMI:  (smiling)  Tenchi, what are you thinking?

          TENCHI:  (starts to smile)  Huh?  Oh, nothing.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, don't be naughty.  I want to
know.  You're thinking about Ryoko, aren't you?

          TENCHI:  Huh?  Uh...  Oh, yeah.

          SASAMI:  (playfully scowling)  Don't lie to me,
Tenchi.  I can tell when you're lying.

          TENCHI:  (chuckling nervously)  Oh, I think you're
a big girl, now.  You want to know what I'm thinking?  Just
try and make me talk.

          SASAMI:  (a little shocked)  What did you say?

          TENCHI:  (firm)  You heard me.

          SASAMI:  (almost serious)  I can make you do a lot
more than talk, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  (chuckling again)  You'll have to catch
me, first.

     She narrows her eyes, grinning viciously.  He turns
away just as Sasami leaps at him.

     Sasami rolls past and immediately rolls into a crouch.

14   EXT. WIDE HILL FIELD

     Tenchi runs and Sasami gives chase, making a bold leap.

15   EXT. WIDE HILL FOOT

     Sasami tackles him, pinning him down.  The paper goes
flying.

          SASAMI:  Ha!  Got you!

          TENCHI:  No way!  You can't hold me!

     He struggles and Sasami giggles.

     Sasami has him pinned.  She counters his best arm and
leg throws with martial precision.  Tenchi is apparently
beat.

          TENCHI:  Okay, maybe you can.  You win.  All
right--now what?

          SASAMI:  (playfully)  Now, I eat you! 
Predator-prey, Tenchi!

     Sasami snarls and playfully brandishes a bite just
above him.  Tenchi chuckles, nervously.  Sasami eyes him
carefully, as he relaxes.  She frowns and leans down, as if
to kiss him.

     Sasami tumbles backward--looking very surprised.
Tenchi chuckles as he is running again.

     Sasami looks very annoyed, as she slowly gets up again.
She smiles and leaps after him again.

16   EXT. WIDE HILL FIELD

     Tenchi continues to run.

          SASAMI:  (OC)  No fair, Tenchi!  You should play
by the rules!  Now, I make my own!

17   EXT. NEAR CAVE ENTRANCE

     Tenchi approaches the cave entrance again.  He does a
double-take.  The alchemist stands in the cave entrance,
making a beckoning gesture to Tenchi.

     Tenchi stands for a moment at the cave entrance, a
little indecisive.

18   EXT. WIDE HILL FIELD

     Sasami stops for a moment as she considers what Tenchi
is doing.

19   EXT. NEAR CAVE ENTRANCE

     Tenchi enters the cave.

20   EXT. WIDE HILL FIELD

          SASAMI:  (softly)  Tenchi?

21   EXT. NEAR CAVE ENTRANCE

     Sasami approaches the cave entrance slowly.  She looks
in, carefully.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi!  You can't get away if you try to
hide.  I have you cornered for sure!  Tenchi!

22   EXT. SUNNY PLAIN

     A vast, grassy, sunny plain.  A small tent stands among
the waving fields.  A long trail leads through the fields to
the tent entrance.

     Alchemist looks his usual calm and wise.

          ALCHEMIST:  You can believe whatever you wish,
Tenchi, but I believe your grandfather was merely bored.  He
simply had no idea you would prove to be so much trouble.

          TENCHI:  (sigh)  I was wondering when I would see
you again.  Still deciding where you should retire, I see.

     The alchemist bows and gestures assuringly.

          ALCHEMIST:  You are very perceptive.  I hope you
do not feel unwelcome after this experience.  Most people,
when confronted with hidden powers of their own, find it a
very unpleasant experience.  (taking out the paper)  This is
yours, I believe.

          TENCHI:  (taking the paper)  Oh!  Thanks.  I
thought I'd lost it.  (frowning)  Is Sasami going to be
okay?

          ALCHEMIST:  (shrugging)  You made it out of the
cave before, didn't you?  Shall we continue this
conversation inside?

          TENCHI:  (looking around)  Well, if you insist...

23   INT. TENT

     The alchemist sits on the ground before a round pool of
water, framed by a metallic, golden rim.  The water is flat,
like glass, and glows--giving illumination to the tent in
soft shades of green and blue.  The alchemist gestures, and
Tenchi goes to sit across the pool of water from him.

          ALCHEMIST:  You know, you really shouldn't worry
about Sasami.  She can handle herself.  I should know.

          TENCHI:  Oh yeah.  I almost forgot, you two had
met before.  She could never quite bring herself to talk
about it.

          ALCHEMIST:  (wistfully)  She didn't strike me as
the talkative type...

          TENCHI:  (casually amused)  You were thinking
about making her your apprentice?

          ALCHEMIST:  (a little annoyed)  Yes, I have to
admit, I was.  She turned out to be... a little distracted. 
Well, shall we begin?  I'm eager to see these hidden powers
of yours.

     Tenchi scratches his head, nervously.

          TENCHI:  I'm still confused.  How does this work,
again?

          ALCHEMIST:  It's very simple, Tenchi.  Just answer
the questions the best you can.  There's no right answer, so
don't worry about trying to figure it out.  All right?

          TENCHI:  (irritated)  Uh...  Oh, well.  Okay. 
What's first?

          ALCHEMIST:  Let's keep it simple, to start with. 
I find that to be best.  First riddle:  What do you get when
you combine a dream with a nightmare?

     Tenchi stares blankly in confusion.

24   EXT. NEAR CAVE ENTRANCE

     Sasami leaves the cave.  She sits and looks around,
idly.  Ryo-Ohki (small form) slowly approaches Sasami.
Sasami is looking up, pondering, when Ryo-Ohki pounces into
her lap.

          SASAMI:  Oh, Ryo-Ohki!  There you are!  Where have
you been all morning?

     Sasami pets Ryo-Ohki, and Ryo-Ohki purrs.  The emblem
on her forehead begins to softly glow.

25   ABSTRACT

     A quick medium side-shot of young Sasami, sinking into
a pool of blood.  She grasps outward with her hand.

26   EXT. NEAR CAVE ENTRANCE

     Ryoko snarls in outrage, then flees in terror.  Sasami
reaches out.

          SASAMI:  Ryo-Ohki?  What's wrong?

     She gasps and looks down at her hands.  Her hands are
covered in blood.  She blinks and holds out her hands.  Her
hands are clean, again.

     The emblem dims again, and she trembles, nervously.
She nervously stands and walks away from the cave.

27   INT. LIBRARY

     Mihoshi leans over a book sitting near Ryoko.  Ryoko is
holding a shimmering sphere above both hands.

          MIHOSHI:  Wow!

     Ryoko flinches and gasps in pain.  She frowns and looks
around at Mihoshi.

          RYOKO:  What do you think you're doing?

     Mihoshi ponders vacantly.

          MIHOSHI:  You realize that you're doing something
that this book (brandishing another book) says is totally
impossible?

     Ryoko snarls and moves her book away.  She then rubs
the palm of her left hand, soothingly.  She looks
thoughtfully down at her book.

          RYOKO:  What I find impossible to believe is that
you are able to read my books in the first place, Mihoshi.

     Mihoshi looks up in confusion, then smiles.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh.  But I thought they were Tenchi's
books...

     Ryoko glares at Mihoshi.

          RYOKO:  They're mine.  So, stop looking at them!

28   INT. TENT

     Tenchi frowns.

          TENCHI:  (musing)  I don't understand how there
should be any connection between a fire alarm and a weeping
statue.  What is this about, really?

          ALCHEMIST:  (a little flustered)  Tenchi, you
didn't expect to be able to figure it out yourself, did you?
In this line of work, you have to take certain precautions.
You wouldn't reach into an oven without gloves, I assume?

     Tenchi sighs in frustration.

          TENCHI:  Fine.  I guess I should understand.  You
don't want to interfere.  It might upset my natural
development, I suppose.

          ALCHEMIST:  (amused)  No offense, Tenchi, but I
don't really care about your development.  I just hate it
when people can copy my work.  (he starts to chuckle)  I
have to protect my investments.  I am retiring, after all.

     Tenchi groans in irritation.

29   INT. MAIN HALL (table)

     Sasami carries a cup of tea to the table and sits
across from Ayeka.  She stares at Ayeka with an expression
of anger mixed with trepidation.

          SASAMI:  Ayeka, what's wrong with me?

          AYEKA:  (barely stunned)  Wrong?  What could be
wrong?  You're not still mad about last night, are you?

     Sasami continues to stare.

          SASAMI:  (outraged)  How can you think about that
at a time like this?  Help me!

          AYEKA:  Sasami, what has come over you?

          SASAMI:  What's wrong with me?

          AYEKA:  (sigh)  Just calm down, Sasami.  You're
fine.  You have nothing to fear.

          SASAMI:  Are you sure?

          AYEKA:  (casually irritated)  Don't question me,
Sasami.  I am your older sister.  Don't you forget it.  I
said you were fine.

          SASAMI:  (calm and remorseful)  I'm sorry, Ayeka. 
I won't bother you again.

30   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka and Sasami continue to sit.  Tilt up to balcony,
where Ryoko looks down briefly, then floats up the stairs.

     Ryoko floats up the stairs, looking devilishly eager.

31   INT. NOBOYUKI'S BEDROOM

     Ryoko floats through the door and looks around,
curiously.

          RYOKO:  (to herself)  Hmm...  Now, if I were that
dirty old man, where would I hide educational videos?

     She frowns as she looks around the room.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  Why he lets that nitwit stay in
here, I'll never know.  What a mess.

     Ryoko looks through a set of compartments.

          RYOKO:  Hmm...  No, not here.

     The alchemist is suddenly standing directly behind her.

          ALCHEMIST:  (softly)  Looking for something?

     Ryoko gasps and turns around quickly.

          RYOKO:  What?  What are you doing here?

          ALCHEMIST:  Me?  What are you doing here?  Not
neglecting your studies, are you?

          RYOKO:  (scowling)  Hey, I spent all morning
studying.  I'm just taking a short break.

          ALCHEMIST:  (grinning)  Yes.  Nothing like a
little stroll through other people's personal possessions,
is there?

     She clenches her teeth in irritation.  He playfully
punches Ryoko on the arm.

          ALCHEMIST:  And you call me a dirty old man!

          RYOKO:  I'll call you whatever I want!  Anyway,
what are you doing here?  It isn't polite to sneak up on
people, you know.

          ALCHEMIST:  (casual)  Oh, just taking a break,
myself.  I wanted to see how your studies were progressing.

          RYOKO:  (smirking)  I just finished volume
fifteen.  I've mastered all the forms, haven't I?

          ALCHEMIST:  Hmm...  Yes, impressive.  Well, now
that you've finished the preliminary work, I can start you
on the main course of study.  Here you go...

     He holds out a rather large book.  She snatches it.
She strains and holds it up, reading the cover.

          RYOKO:  'On Turning Gold Into Straw'?  Is this
some kind of joke?

          ALCHEMIST:  Well, I have to admit it's a flashy
title.  I needed something with punch in it for marketing. 
I assure you, though, this book is the real study of
alchemy.

          RYOKO:  The real study?  What have I been
studying?

          ALCHEMIST:  Oh, those were all just silly
nonsense.  I just needed to test you, to see if you were
serious about this course of study.

     She barely restrains herself.

          RYOKO:  You had me studying nonsense for three
years!  Oh!  I'm going to kill you, old man!

          ALCHEMIST:  (casual)  You left out 'dirty.'

     Ryoko glowers for a moment, then starts to stalk toward
the door.

          ALCHEMIST:  (casually)  You should really take
this study more seriously, Ryoko.  It isn't every day that I
offer an apprenticeship.  I'm a very patient man, but even I
have my limits.

          RYOKO:  (a little stunned)  You won't back out of
our arrangement?

          ALCHEMIST:  (musing)  I haven't decided, yet.  As
you are now, I could never let you have Tenchi, but I could
let you borrow him for a little while.  Would that suffice,
Ryoko?

          RYOKO:  (turning, angry)  You son of a bitch!

          ALCHEMIST:  (chuckling)  You're so amusing to me,
Ryoko.  You know, you're the reason Tenchi doesn't show his
affections toward you, but there is really nothing wrong
with you.  Tenchi doesn't despise you, but you can do
nothing that can impress him.  It's hopeless, you see.

          RYOKO:  (grim and bitter)  Oh!  You are so
disgusting!  Why are you doing this to me?

     The alchemist folds his arms, considering.

          ALCHEMIST:  Would you prefer that I left?  Now
that you know what you know, can you truly go back to what
you were?

          RYOKO:  (stiff, looking down)  No.

          ALCHEMIST:  (casual)  Good.  (firm)  If I disgust
you, it's because I reflect the truth.  I don't have time to
paint a pretty picture of what you would like to think you
are.  The truth is, you disgust me.  I see great potential
in you, Ryoko, but you always fail to utilize it properly
and you always will.

     She looks up, suddenly very angry.

          RYOKO:  Hey!

     Ryoko is standing alone.  She looks around and scowls.

          RYOKO:  You son of a bitch!

32   EXT. FLOATING ONSEN

33   INT. POOL

     The entrance opens for Sasami, looking somewhat sullen
and thoughtful.

     Mihoshi is sitting in the pool, holding a cup.  She
flinches and turns.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  Oh, Sasami.  What are you doing
here?

     Sasami sits with her feet in the water.

          SASAMI:  Just going to wash up.  You don't mind?

          MIHOSHI:  Uh, no.  I was just leaving, anyway.

          SASAMI:  (pondering)  You know a lot about
criminal behavior, Mihoshi?

     Mihoshi stands in a towel.  She looks stunned for a
moment.

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  Oh, yeah!  I guess I do.

     Sasami looks around at Mihoshi.

          SASAMI:  (casually)  Is a heat-of-passion crime a
greater or lesser offense than premeditation?

          MIHOSHI:  (a little nervous)  Uh...  It's
generally a lesser, although it usually carries a stiffer
sentence.

          SASAMI:  Really?

          MIHOSHI:  Uh, yeah.  Is there something you want
to tell me, Sasami?

          SASAMI:  (annoyed)  No.  Thank you.  I was just
curious.

34   INT. TENT

     Tenchi is looking across at the alchemist, pondering.

          TENCHI:  She didn't take it too hard, I hope. 
Ryoko can be very sensitive, you know.

          ALCHEMIST:  (wistful)  More so, lately.  She
carries a lot of baggage in her head, but--then again--I've
never seen anyone recover from a personality fragmentation,
either.  She can be very durable, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  (frowning)  She can be like fingernails
on a chalkboard, but she means well.

          ALCHEMIST:  Very well put, Tenchi.  Let's
continue, shall we?

          TENCHI:  I hope you're getting somewhere, because
I'm totally stumped.  I'm not even sure I have a hidden
power.

          ALCHEMIST:  Just a few more questions.  I'm
starting to realize what it is, myself.  It's just
surprising that I didn't realize this sooner.

          TENCHI:  (amused)  You can't give me a hint?

     The alchemist looks vaguely annoyed, as Tenchi
chuckles, nervously.

          ALCHEMIST:  (stiff)  The only thing I can
comfortably say is that in times of stress, you can produce
light hawk wings.  But you were already aware of this,
correct?

          TENCHI:  (disappointed)  Oh, yeah.  (sigh)  Okay,
what's the next riddle?

          ALCHEMIST:  Let's try another simple one.  I like
the creative way that you answer the simple ones.  Here
goes:  You're in a plunging airplane with three daughters. 
One daughter is wise, another beautiful and another
courageous.  Now, you have only one parachute.  Who do you
give it to?

          TENCHI:  (laughing)  Sorry, I was just thinking
I'd probably take it myself--but that's not the right
answer.

          ALCHEMIST:  It's not?

          TENCHI:  (calmly)  Okay, let me think.  Hmm...

          TENCHI:  The beautiful one.  That's the answer. 
Yes.

          ALCHEMIST:  Beauty wins the test of survival. 
(softly)  Why am I not surprised?  (casually)  So, how did
you reach this conclusion, might I ask?

          TENCHI:  It's simple, really.  You can't give the
parachute to the courageous one--she'd probably throw it out
a window and demand that we all die together.  You wouldn't
want the wise one to take it--you'd want her in the cockpit
figuring out why the plane is plunging.  That leaves the
beautiful one--who would probably be more than happy to go.

          ALCHEMIST:  Yes, this explains a lot.

     Tenchi frowns in confusion.

35   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     A nice, mid-afternoon frame.  Yosho walks out to the
steps with a cup in his hand.  He sits and starts to drink.

     Ayeka is sweeping out in front.  She looks up.  Yosho
sets down the cup, smiling knowingly.  Ayeka flinches in
shock.  She drops the broom and runs, and Yosho sighs with
amusement.

     Tenchi approaches the shrine, still tapping the paper
in his hands.

          TENCHI:  Wasn't that Ayeka?  What was she doing?

     Yosho rolls his eyes.

          YOSHO:  I think she was sweeping.

     Tenchi goes to stand near Yosho at the steps.

          TENCHI:  Those girls were acting strange
yesterday.  I never did find out what that was about.

          YOSHO:  (gesturing)  You mind?  I haven't seen the
paper, yet.

          TENCHI:  Huh?  Oh, yeah.  (handing him the paper) 
I forgot I had it.

          YOSHO:  Thank you.  (opening it up to read)  The
girls did seem to be acting very strange.  I'm not sure why,
either.

          TENCHI:  It's not something I did, is it?

          YOSHO:  (casual)  I'm sure it's not.  I think
there are just some things it's better not to know about.

     Yosho continues to browse through the paper.

          TENCHI:  I think we've managed to round up all the
diplomats.  There's sure to be a few more stragglers,
though.  It's really amazing that the whole thing is still a
secret.  I don't know how word doesn't leak out.

          YOSHO:  Still tracking, huh?  I thought you were
done with all that months ago.

          TENCHI:  It's mostly just guard duty.  Those
diplomats are all softies.  They whine about the least
little things.  I think they like me because I'm a familiar
face.

          YOSHO:  Yes.  I was wondering about that.  It is
good work, though?

          TENCHI:  The pay is lousy, but I like it.  The
monotony has really brought out a creative surge in me. 
I've doubled the size of my portfolio in the past six
months.

          YOSHO:  (frowning)  Ah.  I see you had an ulterior
motive.

          TENCHI:  (chuckling nervously)  It's good work.  I
like to get off-planet every now and then.

     Yosho looks thoughtfully over the paper.

          YOSHO:  You are doing well, I hope?  Is there
anything I should know, Tenchi?

     Tenchi seems vaguely perplexed.

          TENCHI:  I'm fine.  Why do you ask?

     Yosho folds the paper and stands.

          YOSHO:  It's good to hear.  I like to know where
you stand, Tenchi.  It eases my mind.  (handing him the
paper)

          TENCHI:  I understand, Grandpa.  Don't worry about
me.

          YOSHO:  (thoughtfully)  Do me a favor, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  Yes?

          YOSHO:  Finish sweeping, would you?

          TENCHI:  (subdued)  Yes, Grandpa.

36   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Early evening.

37   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami is cooking and Mihoshi is peeling potatoes. 
Tenchi enters.

          TENCHI:  Hey, girls.  What's for dinner?

     Tenchi reaches for the pot and Sasami hits his hand
with a spoon.  Tenchi flinches, playfully.

          SASAMI:  Stay out of that, huh?

          TENCHI:  Carrots again?  Don't we have something
else?

          SASAMI:  It's mostly for Ryo-Ohki.  She's been in
a bad mood since this morning.

          TENCHI:  Oh.  Okay.

     Tenchi looks a bit shocked as he is suddenly yanked
downward behind the counter.

     She gestures for quiet as she holds Tenchi down by the
shirt.  She glances thoughtfully at his right shoulder, then
looks up cautiously.

     He looks at Sasami questioningly.

          RYOKO:  (OC)  Hey, Mihoshi.  Have you seen Tenchi?

          MIHOSHI:  (OC)  Oh!  Uh...  No, I haven't seen
him.

     A few beats pass, as Tenchi starts to look annoyed.

          TENCHI:  (softly)  Why did you do that?

     Sasami looks back at Tenchi.

          SASAMI:  (half-serious)  I think I might have just
saved your life.  Ryoko has been stalking around with a
vengeance today.

          TENCHI:  (to himself)  I can imagine.  (casually) 
So, what can I do to return the favor?

          SASAMI:  Well...  You could explain this to me. 
(gesturing at his shoulder)  'Dream of Immortality'?

          TENCHI:  Oh.  I felt bad about something that
happened a while back, and I wanted to make sure and hedge
my bets a bit.

          SASAMI:  (frowning)  What?

          TENCHI:  It's a symbol of protection, actually. 
If all else fails, I have the tattoo.  I don't think Ryoko
will want to kill me if she sees it.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  You romantic scamp!  You don't
think it'll actually work, do you?

          TENCHI:  (matter-of-factly)  I hope I never have
to find out.

     Tenchi and Sasami slowly stand again.

          TENCHI:  Oh, hey Mihoshi.  Have you seen my video
'Restless Cooks In the Wilderness'?  I think I forgot it
last time I went off-planet.

          MIHOSHI:  (stunned)  What?

          SASAMI:  (shocked)  That was yours?

     He frowns with innocent confusion.

          TENCHI:  (casually)  Yeah.  (snorting)  You don't
think I actually watch that stuff?  I just sell videos to
diplomats for a little extra cash.  Diplomats are such
perverts.

     Mihoshi hides her face in shame.

          SASAMI:  (very annoyed)  Why did you leave it in
honorable Father's collection?

          TENCHI:  (wistful)  Oh, that's where it was.  Oh
yeah.  I forgot.  I ran out of room in my carrying case. 
(laughing)  Oh!  That's why you girls were acting so
strangely.  Wow!  You didn't actually watch that video?

THE END

