I don't Own Tenchi or any of the characters. Pioneer does
Previously: Jericho threatened the lives of Tenchi and Ryoko, but he gave up, declaring  
that he would he return someday.

Tenchi Muyo
Dreams Within Dreams
Episode 07
Gateway into the Forever
By The Nexodus


"Life is but a Dream"
		Row, Row, Row Your Boat


	Tenchi sat alone on the hilltop of the Shrine. It had been two months since the  
Jericho affair as it was now called, but that wasn't what Tenchi sat on the hill about. That  
was far from it. Tenchi has been pondering this subject long before Jericho. It all started a  
little over half a year ago. The day the dreams began.  
	Tenchi will never forget that day. It started out just like every other day, except  
for the return of Kagato. Kagato used Tenchi's own Wings to Split Sasami and Tsunami,  
and that's when the dreams began. The Dreams that told him to fight Kagato. The  
Dreams that told him to love Ryoko. The Dreams with his mother.
	The Dreams returned, several nights earlier. The Same Premonition. The End of  
the Universe. An Event of Biblical Proportions. They where driving him nuts. Tenchi  
didn't know what to do. They just happening. Now he's getting even darker  
Premonitions.  
	Tenchi keeps seeing Ryoko, Laying infront of a large Pyramid. And just above  
Ryoko, a man in a golden Facemask. Tenchi was scared and didn't want the dreams  
anymore, and then they where gone.  
	The Past month had been even more depressing then when he was on the Desert  
Planet, but also where the same. Tenchi fighting for his survival and the journey through  
the dreams.
	Tenchi reached into a bag that he carried up with him. In it was a camera. Not a  
new digital camera. Just an older camera. His father used this camera when he was  
Tenchi's age. It wasn't the same one that Nobiyuki used to tape Tenchi's mother during  
that field trip. It was an older one that only took pictures, not making movies. Tenchi  
aimed the camera, after cleaning it, at the beautiful landscape that was the Masaki shrine.  
Tenchi mind began to wander as he began to take pictures. Wandering back to what had  
happened one month ago..

	Tenchi was sitting in a courtroom, behind his father as his father was being tried  
for parking violations and hitting on an officer of the law. A Female Officer of the law.  
Tenchi couldn't believe his dad as he sat in the hot seat, giving a story that was as  
ludicrous as the existence of Life in other Planets. Of course Tenchi knew the answer to  
that question, but he wasn't going to admit it. Tenchi began to slowly doze off. He really  
wanted out. His dad had brought Tenchi to show him how the justice system worked.  
Tenchi would rather be training with Grandpa then this. Tenchi figured that out fifteen  
minutes before the Trial began.  
	As the Jury came to a verdict, Tenchi was excited. He'd get to go home and  
continue to string up decorations for Christmas. And As Nobiyuki Masaki lowered his  
head and heard his sentence, a fine of 25000 yen, Tenchi was already out the door and  
into he car.  

	Tenchi waited eagerly for his father to show up. It took Nobiyuki and hour before  
he got to the van. "Lost the case, huh dad." Tenchi said, obviously knowing the answer.
	"You know what, my boy. You just can't get a break with women in uniform."  
(Yes! Nobiyuki's first words even in one of my stories!) Nobiyuki started the car as the  
snow began to fall faster.  
	The drive was hard. The snow made for almost zero visibility. It was about 30  
minutes when the two Masaki's became worried. "Something's not right." Nobiyuki said.  
"I think we're lost." Tenchi looked over at his father.  
	"I think so, too." Tenchi began. "Something definently isn't right. Are you sure  
you turned right at the mall?"
	"I'm sure as sure can be." Nobiyuki stated. It was some time before they saw  
something they recognized. The tunnel that would lead to the other side of Okinawa and  
the Way home. The van slowed down and slowly went with traffic. "This is too much  
traffic." Nobiyuki said. "Something must be wrong with the tunnel." By this time, the  
snow began to fall even faster then before.  
A trailer truck on the other side of the tunnel tried to slow down in the snow, but  
it began to slide. Tenchi saw this and pointed to it. " Hey pop, look." He said. As the two  
watched, the trailer snapped of and began a rolling spin twords the van. "GET DOWN!"  
Tenchi yelled as he unbuckled his seatbelt and dove for the floor of the van. Nobiyuki  
tried to unbuckle just as the trailer slammed on top of the van, crushing it.

The gang, minus Tenchi and Nobiyuki, where all happy for the holidays. Kyone,  
Mihoshi, and Tsunami where Trimming the tree and Mayuka and Sasami where baking  
Christmas cookies with the help of Ryo-Oki as well. Martel was outside, chopping wood.  
But where are Washu, Ayeka, and Ryoko? They're celebrating the holiday with some of  
Washu's super eggnog. 99% Alcohol and 1% Egg with a one percent margin of Error.  
Lets just say that they are a little preoccupied and walking around in a drunken stupor. It  
was truly the perfect picture of Marry, Except for the fact that Katsuhito was at the shrine  
and Tenchi and Nobiyuki were uncharacteristically late. Tsunami was the only one that  
noticed their absence, but she figured that the two were either stuck in traffic or  
Christmas Shopping. The gang continued in their marry ways.

Tenchi opened his eyes for what seemed like ages. Pain erupted in his eyes, as if  
he were blind. "Oh man." Tenchi sighed as he tried to stand up. His vision was very  
blurry. He couldn't make out where he was. "Where am I?" Tenchi asked as he stood up  
completely. His eyes began to focus on his surroundings. Tenchi's eyes immediately  
widened as he looked around. "What the hell!" Exclaimed Tenchi. His entire  
surroundings consisted of nothing. He wasn't in the wight zone or anything like that, it  
was just nothing. Tenchi began to panic, trying to remember what had happened. He  
clutched his head, as if doing so would fix his memory. "This cant be happening." Tenchi  
began. "I started my morning with a bath and breakfast. My dad and I were at a trial. We  
were on our way home and then." Tenchi froze, remembering the events. The trailer.  
Tenchi began to shiver as he looked around at his surroundings. It was pitch black and  
cold. There where several light sources that looked similar to stars. In fact, they were  
stars. It was as if Tenchi was standing in a miniature Universe. He saw small planets the  
size of pebbles and shooting stars. Tenchi sat down and began to think even more. "The  
trailer snapped off." He began. "It started a rolling spin. I yelled get down and ducked.  
The trailer did a rolling spin and crushed the van. I'm...Am I...Dead?" Tears began to  
silently slide down his cheeks. Tenchi didn't know any other explanation for this. He was  
dead.  
"Please don't cry, my son." Came a voice. Tenchi spun around to see his mother.  
He ran to her and hugged her. Tenchi knew that if there was anybody that could explain  
what was going on, it would be his mother. Tenchi held her tightly in his arms. He really  
was scared.  
"Mother, Whats Going on? Where am I?" Atchika shushed her son with her  
finger. Tenchi looked at his mother and broke the embrace.
"You are in the slipstream." She said.
"What's the slipstream?" Tenchi asked.
"It's the universe Between Universes." Atchika began. "Sort of like Subspace, it  
is the home of the Galactic Council, the beings that allow me to visit you and warn you."  
Tenchi began to stutter.
"But how? How did I get here?" Tenchi asked. Atchika sighed as she began.
"You were in a terrible accident with your father. At this very moment, you are  
being rushed to the hospital in critical condition." Tenchi couldn't believe what she said.
"But how did I get here?" He asked
"You are in a coma." Atchika began. "Because you are in a coma, I am able to  
visit you just like all the other times, and you can meet the council if you wish. Perhaps  
gain some clarity to the dreams you experience." Tenchi looked his mother in the eyes.  
This could be the answer to my questions, he thought.  
"Ok then," Tenchi began "Lets meet this council." Atchika waved her hand and  
an opening appeared.
"It may be dangerous." She began. "The path to the council is very rough and it is  
easy for a mortal like yourself to die. Are you sure you want to do this?" Atchika asked.  
Tenchi nodded.
"I need to know." And with that, he stepped through the gate with his mother.

"WHAT?!" Kyone yelled into the Phone. She had just picked up the ringing  
phone and was told what happened to Tenchi and Nobiyuki. Kyone couldn't believe it.  
She quickly hung the phone up and ran into the living room as fast as she could. "Tenchi  
and Nobiyuki were in an accident!" She yelled. Time Froze instantly as everybody slowly  
turned their eyes toward the detective. Even Ryoko, Ayeka, and Washu understood what  
Kyone said even though they were intoxicated. Ryoko quickly snapped.
"What happened to Tenchi!?" she yelled. Kyone didn't know what to say, but she  
tried to get the words out in some way.
"On the way home." She began, but paused slightly. "There was large truck.it  
lost control and the trailer snapped off, crushing everything in its path, including the  
van." Tears slowly began to slid down Kyone's eyes, as did everybody else. Washu  
jumped up.
"But is he and Nobiyuki alive!?" She asked.  
"Their both in critical condition, but the chance of survival is grim." Ryoko balled  
her hand into a fist. He nails sunk deep into the palm of here hand and blood slowly  
dripped from her hand. Washu could feel what Ryoko was going threw, even though  
neither of them were the most soberest of people.  
"We need to get to the hospital." Darla exclaimed as she began to put on her coat.  
"Martel has his license now so he can take us in the second van." The others began to put  
their coats on and run out the door as Darla exited first. "I'll go get Katsuhito and  
Martel." She said as she teleported away to get them. The others pilled into the car and  
waited to go.  

Tenchi and Atchika walked slowly through the other side of the gate. It looked  
much like a large open field, similar to Greek's alyssum. It was the perfect picture of  
beauty. Tenchi had no idea why his mother said that it would be dangerous. Tenchi  
decided that it was safe and took a step. "Stop!" his mother said, blocking Tenchi with  
her arm. Tenchi looked at her for a moment, raising his eyebrow.
"Why," Tenchi asked, wondering why his mother had stopped him. Atchika  
picked up a rock and flung it into the field. It skipped into the air a couple of times after  
impact, but then it disappeared.  
"This field is the first test." Atchika said.
"Test?" Tenchi asked.
"To meet the council as a mortal, you must over come four tests." Atchika began.  
"These tests are taken by the strongest of people. People wishing to become Sovren in the  
real world. And nobody has ever passed these tests." Tenchi was now a little more  
worried, but he had some questions to ask.
"What is an Sovren?" Tenchi asked.  
"An Sovren is a being above beings." Atchika began. "Not like a god or demigod,  
but a person who can achieve great power. Men with evil souls cannot become Exxon's  
for it would destroy them. An Sovren can also control their power in Varge Altone, the  
Center of the Universe where all time and paths lead. But there has never been an Exxon.  
Nobody has ever made it past all the tests." This worried Tenchi even more.
"What happens if I don't pass all the tests?" Tenchi asked.
"There are two outcomes." Atchika began. "One is you still keep your life and  
you get to meet the council, the other is death. The first can only be achieved if you are  
close to completion of the tests, but don't finish completely. The second is if you fail any  
of the tests completely." Tenchi was even more worried then before. He needed to get to  
the council and then leave. That's it. Tenchi wanted to get this done as fast as possible.  
"What test is this?" Tenchi asked.
"This is the test of sight, or the test of Judgement." Atchika began. "This valley  
isn't all solid and a wrong step can lead to death. That's why I stopped you. The other  
tests are the test of Courage and the Test of Strength." Tenchi now knew what his tests  
were about, but still, he felt uneasy not studying for this test.
"Well," Tenchi began. "I guess I should get started." He looked over at his  
mother. " Guess you're my tutor for this exam." Atchika couldn't help but giggle a little.  
The fact that her son could make a joke even in such a dire situation proved that her son  
was very strong. She was very proud. "How do I do this test."
"You must look out into the valley and trust your mind and your eyes to discover  
the pitfalls." She said. "Trust yourself, my son. I shall watch."  
Tenchi put his hands to his head, trying to clear the thoughts that were going on.  
The last thing he needed was to be blinded by worry and pain at a time like this. Tenchi  
then remembered the ring he wore on his finger. Ryoko's Ring to him.  
Tenchi,
We will be together forever, just the two of us. This is a symbol of my love for  
you. Never let it go. I love you  
		-Ryoko
This ring gave him more courage then he had ever felt in his life. He didn't know  
why, but when he had it on, he felt like he was the most powerful being in the universe.  
Tenchi knew what the test meant by judgement. He remembered to the first time he met  
Ryoko in her normal form. He judged her to be a monster. A soulless beast that would  
destroy all. But as time went bye, he learned that underneath her hard shell, she was a  
caring, loving person. You can't judge a book by its cover. The valley is the cover of the  
book. Tenchi must dip deep into the pages and learn where this book will lead. Tenchi  
looked at the valley. It hadn't changed at all since he had stood there. Tenchi began to  
look for everything that didn't seem right. He noted the colors of different areas, but it all  
looked the same. Tenchi looked at the rocks. They were all over the place, littering the  
area. But then, Tenchi noticed that some of the rocks had a pointy tip on one side, like an  
arrow but much harder to see. He found his path. Tenchi lifted his right leg into the air,  
next to the closest point shaped rock. And then he brought his foot down and closed his  
eyes. And he heard a clop. The sound of a shoe hitting dirt hard. He began to walk,  
slowly tracing the rocks one by one. The worried look on his face disappeared with a  
look of triumph. Where many had failed, he had succeeded. The rocks were his key.
Atchika watched her son find the right way and as he made it to the end, she  
clapped her hands, proud of her sons passing. She floated over to where Tenchi now  
stood, at the other side of the valley. Tenchi was almost giddy with his accomplishment.  
"Congratulations." Atchika said as she clapped. "Many men have failed where you  
succeeded, but be warned that the next three tests won't be as easy as this one."
Tenchi nodded his head, agreeing with his mother completely. "Your right," He  
began. "This is only the beginning. I'm ready to continue." Atchika nodded her head and  
opened the second gate.

Ryoko walked into the hospital room as Tenchi's body lay on a bed. He was  
attached to many tubes and had many bandages on his body. He was a complete wreck.  
Washu had arrived at the hospital early and disguised herself as a doctor so both Tenchi  
and Nobiyuki may get the best care. But they were too late. Nobiyuki had died just as  
Washu got there. His body, crumbled from the accident, but he was still conscious and he  
could still talk. He told Washu that ever since Atchika died, his life has had an empty  
hole gapping in his chest. He had tried to fill the hole with booze and women, but it just  
wasn't working and the hole grew bigger. But then Tenchi brought home many  
houseguests. These people became a part of his family. Sure he was never the focus of  
this new family, his son was, but he loved them all and the hole began to fill up. And now  
he was at the end of his life, not in the depressive rut that he was in, but in a happy way.  
And now he was finally going to see his Atchika. After what felt like an eternity, he was  
going to be with her now and forever.  
Washu was very touched by the words that Nobiyuki had spoken. She never really  
felt like the gang was a family, but now she new. Washu looked over at her eldest  
daughter, Ryoko. Washu knew very much the pain that Ryoko was going through. She  
wanted to escape the doctor cameo and hold her, but she just couldn't.
Ryoko sat next to the sleeping body of Tenchi. Holding his hand in hers, She  
didn't know what to do. Everytime they would be happy, something would happen.  
Ryoko thought back to the day she and Tenchi confessed their love for each other. That  
was the same day she lost him. Ryoko would never let that memory leave her. It coursed  
her that she couldn't do anything for him. Tears began to slide down her cheeks even  
faster then they had. It was just too much for her.  
	Ryoko thought back to the days when she was a pirate. Killing people without  
compassion. Laughing at peoples misfortunes. How easy it would've been for her to  
control her emotions then. But she also remembered that that was a time when she was a  
slave. She didn't have emotions then. She remembered the pain it was to be a slave, and  
she hated every bit of it. Then Ryoko thought of her life with Tenchi. A carnival she had  
once called it. A time to be with people she liked, including Ayeka. It was so much fun.  
And then she found her real family. Her mother, her brother, and her new sister, Darla.  
She loved them all. Zero's emotions magnified her own. Ryoko looked into the face of  
the man she had fallen in love with so long ago. She looked at his hand and saw that the  
nurses had taken the ring off his finger. Ryoko silently cursed the nurses for doing such a  
thing.  
As if reading her mind, and she did, Washu walked over to Ryoko and placed the  
ring in Ryoko's free hand. Ryoko looked up at her mother and nodded as she placed the  
ring back on Tenchi's finger. It was a sign of her love for him and his love for her and  
that her love would give him strength. Ryoko prayed that the ring would make things all  
right once again.

The others silently waited in the waiting room. All had lost their Christmas cheer.  
Many were crying because of the death of Nobiyuki, and others prayed their hardest for  
Tenchi. Martel held Ayeka in his arms. Soothing her sadness the best he could, but truth  
be told, he was crying as much as she was. Kyone silently watched the snowfall outside  
the windows, drinking a cup of coffee. Mihoshi watched the snow as well, trying  
desperately to control her tears. Mihoshi had to excuse herself many times so she could  
go to the restroom and dry her eyes. Darla sat next to her brother. She was still new to  
real emotion and had never felt sadness this extreme before. She clutched Mayuka's  
hand, for Mayuka sat next to her. Ryo'oki was in her human form, and Sasami was trying  
to cheer her up.  
As Kyone sat at the window sill, as time flew, she noticed a man dressed as a  
doctor enters Tenchi's room and it wasn't Washu in disguise. Kyone walked silently over  
to the room and peered in. there, she saw the doctor raise a blade at the now sleeping  
Ryoko and Tenchi. Kyone knew she had to do something and do it fast. With out  
thinking, she pulled out her blaster and pointed it at the man. "Freeze!" She yelled. The  
man dropped the blade and held his hands above his head as he turned around. Kyone  
was a little surprised to see Jericho standing infront of her.

Tenchi and Atchika trekked through the starlit path before them. Tenchi was  
feeling anxious to finish this and meet the council that had haunted his dreams for many  
many nights. Tenchi just wanted them to end. The Path that they traveled was just like a  
yellow brick road, except that it wasn't brick and there wasn't a road. It was as if they  
were walking through space. Tenchi desided to break the silence. "So," He began. "Tell  
me about the council." Atchika closed her eyes as she walked.
"The council is sort of a governing body of all space and time. They are the  
bringers of the most important historical events. Not to go into detail, lets start just with  
the earth." Atchika held out her hand, palm facing upward. To Tenchi's amazement, a  
shinning sphere appeared just above her hand. "With this, we may look into the major  
events that they caused on the earth."  
The Sphere flickered like and old television set as Tenchi looked closer at the orb.  
At first he didn't see anything, but suddenly pictures appeared. Tenchi was astonished,  
but also scared for what he saw was not happy events. In that instant, he saw army's  
conquer lands. He saw a kind gentle leader become a ruthless emperor. He saw a painter  
begin an army and began to eradicate several races of people. He saw major racial events  
involving America in the mid 20th century. Tenchi also saw a girl open a box filled with  
much evil. And Tenchi saw planes fly into skyscrapers and bombs obliterate major cities.  
Tenchi fell to his knees as he saw these terrible things. Tears slid down his eyes. "Why?"  
He asked. "All those terrible things were caused by them?" He asked as he looked up at  
his mother. She had her head lowered and a single tear slid down her cheek. "Did you  
know about this?" He asked. Atchika shook her head yes. "Then, why do I have these  
dreams? Why are they contacting me? I refuse to listen to them any more!" Tenchi was  
very angry.
"I knew you wouldn't like this." Atchika began. "Tenchi, there is a reason for all  
these things. Please understand."
"I can't understand, because for the last year, I have been following evil dreams  
blindly." Tenchi look up at his mother, tears now streaming down his eyes. "Is my love  
for Ryoko real, or is it part of your plan too!?" Tenchi yelled harshly. Atchika turned  
away from her son. She didn't want him to see how shocked she was to hear him talk to  
her like that. Tenchi stood up and clenched his hand into a fist. "I'm going to meet this  
council and tell them never to contact me, AND ANYONE ELSE AGAIN!" And with  
that, Tenchi marched in the direction of the gate to the second test, leaving his mother  
behind.

Kyone held her blaster leveled with Jericho's face. She stared into his eyes as if it  
would kill her to do otherwise. Jericho now had his old face back since his copying of  
Tenchi months ago, but shades of Tenchi were still evident. His hair, even though it was  
red like crimson, was styled just like Tenchi's. That is the only similarity. "What are you  
doing here?" Kyone asked. Jericho just smiled at her.
"It's been a long time, Kyone." He said. "You haven't changed." Kyone pushed  
her blaster forward.
"Yet you've become a murdering bastard!" The Officer yelled. A tear slide down  
her eye just as Martel and Darla appeared. Jericho just held his smile. Kyone continued.  
"Why?" She asked. "Why did you kill my father?" Martel and Darla were stunned by  
what they were hearing. "We were so close. Why?" Jericho just stood there.
"Because it had to be done." Jericho said. "He was my pray." Kyone lowered her  
blaster and fell to her knees. Martel and Darla kneeled down to help the officer. Jericho  
just walked away. As Jericho was leaving, he turned his head back to them. "It was fun,  
Kyone." And with that, Jericho walked away.

Tenchi was alone now in a large spherical room, the second test. His mother was  
still left were he had yelled at her. Tenchi walked into the middle, not knowing what test  
it was and not caring. He just wanted to get tot he council as soon as he could. Tenchi  
then heard a voice behind him. "This is the test of strength," It was Atchika. She had  
regained her posture and had dried her eyes. Tenchi looked over at her, but with a cold  
stare.
"How do I do this?" He asked roughly. Atchika cleared her throat.
"By the steel of a sword, 100 must fall. But remember. This is also now the test of  
Courage for you will need it to win because you went ahead without your guide." Tenchi  
raised an eyebrow. Ah man, he thought, two tests at once. And what's with this riddle?  
100 must fall? What does that mean? Tenchi thought. 100 people? 100 pounds? 100  
swords? 100 Cars? Tenchi couldn't figure it out. Suddenly, a door opened up from the  
ceiling and the aforementioned sword fell. Tenchi moved out of the way as fast as he  
could and the sword sliced into the floor of the sphere. Tenchi walked to the sword, afraid  
of what will happen when he picks up the sword. Carefully, Tenchi placed his hand on  
the swords handle, as if it were the sword of the stone and Tenchi quickly yanked the  
sword from the ground as fast as he could and backed away, awaiting the arrival of the  
100 something or other.
Tenchi looked around the large room, waiting for something, anything. Then, all  
of a sudden, the ground began to shake uncontrollably. Both Tenchi and Atchika tried to  
keep their balance in the shaking room and Tenchi fell. The Room began to change, as if  
it was unfolding. The roof opened and stretched out slowly and expanded. The ceiling  
continued to move and so did the floor.  
The sphere was no longer a sphere, it was the shape of an multi-ended star. It was  
like a battleground and Atchika disappeared right before Tenchi. "Mother!" Tenchi yelled  
as he ran to where she was. And then Tenchi heard a voice. It wasn't his mother, but  
something else.
"So, you wish to meet the council!!" The Voice rasped all around Tenchi. Tenchi  
looked around into the horizon and was startled to see it change shape around him. The  
Horizon seemed to grow and move towards him it an astonishing rate. Tenchi gripped the  
sword tighter as he finally saw what the shapes were. Golloms. That's why this is the test  
of strength, Tenchi thought as they moved closer not to mention the test of courage for  
there were 100 of them. Tenchi began to feel perspiration. As he whipped his brow, he  
held the sword up.
"I have to do this!" Tenchi yelled. "To stop the council, I must!" and as the first  
gollum reached the battleground and Tenchi charged at it, not knowing if he would ever  
survive this.

To Be Continued...

Next and Final Episode: Dreams Within Dreams

Email me at Nexodus@msn.com
