
Author:   Mike Fenton <mpfenton@hotmail.com>
Title:    AFS #6 (CORPORATE SILLINESS)
Notes:    Regular (OVA), script format
Summary:  A flurry of silly transactions.

[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Golden sunrise over a forested hill.  Wind chimes
accompany a flight of birds over the shrine.

2    INT. SHRINE

     Yosho sits at the table, writing in a book--glancing at
another opened book at the side.  A cup of tea sits off to
the other side.

          YOSHO:  (VO)  Nothing like a little peace, to get
some work done.

     He looks up and ponders.

          YOSHO:  (VO)  Too quiet.  How can I get anything
done when it's so peaceful?

     The building trembles, as a couple massive explosions
go off, nearby.

3    EXT. NEARBY CLEARING

     Several men in uniforms confront the smoky remains of a
craft, sitting at the bottom of a crater, as Yosho
approaches.

          YOSHO:  Did anyone see what happened?

     An officer turns and points at the wreckage.

          OFFICER:  There was a bright flash, just before it
crashed.  We're not detecting any trails, so I doubt it was
a missile.

          YOSHO:  Any survivors?

          OFFICER:  I doubt it.  Wait.

          YOSHO:  (alerted)  What is it?

     The officer looks at the wreckage, a little surprised.

          OFFICER:  Smugglers?  (calling out)  Is that what
I think it is?

          YOSHO:  (turning to the wreckage)  A crate?  What
is that?

     One of the troopers returns with a broken crate, filled
with bottles.

          TROOPER:  Smugglers, I'll bet.  This crate was
full of contraband.

     The officer picks up a bottle.

          OFFICER:  Some kind of beverage.  It looks like
someone was smuggling sake off-planet.

          YOSHO:  (pointing)  Or on.  Look at the label.

     The officer turns the bottle.

          OFFICER:  'Cabernet Sauvignon'?

          YOSHO:  I don't think you can get that from around
here.

4    TITLE:  "EPISODE 6:  CORPORATE SILLINESS"

5    EXT. WOODED COUNTRYSIDE

     Nighttime and rainfall hang heavy in the air.  Rolling
hills appear here and there, with spots of pine forests.
Some cropland hugs the edge of a long, paved road.

     A small taxi shoots by, its headlights uselessly
lighting up the foggy air.

6    EXT. OBSCURE VILLA

     A small house near a stream, with a small car parked
out in front.  A light is on in one of the windows, as the
taxi pulls up.

     Almost immediately, Ryoko, Mihoshi and Ayeka come out
of the back, while Sasami, Ryo-Ohki and Samantha come out
the front.  Tenchi slowly emerges from the back seat, a
little weary.  Sasami and Ayeka take out umbrellas, and the
others converge on them.

          TENCHI:  Man, am I tired.

          SASAMI:  Me too.  (yawning)  That was one long
trip.

          MIHOSHI:  I can barely stand up straight.

     Samantha goes around to the left side and pays the
driver, while Tenchi goes back into the car and retrieves
some bags.

          AYEKA:  (weary, barely holding up)  It's the jet
lag.  Remember, we lost eight hours.  Or gained--I forget.

          RYOKO:  (blinking back fatigue)  What time is it?

     Tenchi is hauling bags out of the car.

          TENCHI:  It's just past ten.  That would make it
about six, back home.

     The car pulls away, as Tenchi finishes setting out the
bags and Samantha takes out another umbrella, directing them
toward the villa.

          MIHOSHI:  Is this the place?  It looks small.

          AYEKA:  Looks can be deceiving.

          SAMANTHA:  Let's hurry up.  We don't want to keep
Claire waiting.

7    INT. FOYER

     The foyer opens out into a living room, a dining room,
and a hallway.  Between the living room and the dining room
is a small kitchen, and the hallway turns toward a small
bathroom, ending in a nice master bedroom--going past two
other bedrooms.  The house gives the distinct appearance of
being much larger on the inside than out.

     Sitting at the dining room table, reading in a book, is
Claire--a blonde, bespectacled woman, who--at once--appears
thoughtful and gentle, while giving a vague impression of
being dimwitted and clumsy.  Her rough, provincial French
accent betrays a slight hint of subtle eloquence.

     Hearing a doorbell, she looks up suddenly, adjusts her
glasses, and trots to the door.  She opens it and doesn't
seem to recognize Samantha, Tenchi or Ayeka--standing
immediately in front.

          CLAIRE:  Oui?

          SAMANTHA:  Bonjour, it's us!  Sammy and the gang,
remember?

          CLAIRE:  Oh!  Sorry.  I just didn't recognize the
others, I guess.

          SAMANTHA:  Pouvons-nous aller a l'interieur?

          CLAIRE:  Come in!  Come in!  It must be awfully
cold out there.

     Samantha enters, shaking out her umbrella.

          SAMANTHA:  Merci.  It's pretty warm, compared to
where I've been the past few months.

          CLAIRE:  (briefly confused)  Oh?  Yes, Alaska.  I
forgot.

     Samantha and Claire step aside, as the others enter.
Mihoshi starts sneezing.

          CLAIRE:  It has been quite some time, I'm afraid.

          SAMANTHA:  Have you seen Dotty and Spacy?

          CLAIRE:  (rolling her eyes)  Actually, yes...

          SAMANTHA:  Still at the old gallery?

          CLAIRE:  Plus ca change, plus c'est la meme chose.

     Mihoshi is about to ask something pithy, then suddenly
sneezes again.

          CLAIRE:  (a little alarmed)  Oh, dear!  You should
all have something warm to drink, yes?

          SAMANTHA:  (a grim, knowing smile)  I think they
need to sleep.  We can arrange that, can't we?  Not too much
trouble for an old friend?

          CLAIRE:  (scowling briefly, then lighting up)  As
long as it's just for a little while. They're just visiting,
right?

          SAMANTHA:  (chuckling)  Relax, Claire.  If they
had been gypsies, I wouldn't have brought them here.  You
ought to know me, by now.

          AYEKA:  (frowning, glancing at Ryoko)  I take it
we weren't entirely expected--from what I can make out.

          RYOKO:  (too tired to frown)  Let's just find a
place to sleep.

     Tenchi scratches his head, nervously.

          TENCHI:  At least we haven't had to pay for
anything, yet.

     Ayeka glances at Samantha, suspiciously.

          AYEKA:  Yes.  I guess we should be grateful.

     Sasami glances at Ayeka, sternly.

          SASAMI:  Ayeka...

          AYEKA:  All right, Sasami.  We won't pester
anyone.

          RYOKO:  Not right now, anyway.

          AYEKA:  We agreed to enjoy this vacation, and so
we shall.

          RYOKO:  Just so long as some of us don't enjoy it
too much.

     Sasami picks up Ryo-Ohki and sighs, glancing at Tenchi.

8    EXT. CLEARING

     Several troopers are carrying injured from the
wreckage, as Yosho looks on.  He frowns in thought and
approaches one of the officers.

          YOSHO:  That's strange.  I seem to recognize that
one.

     He pulls back, a little undecided.

          YOSHO:  No.  I must be mistaken.

9    EXT. SPACE

     GP headquarters, the usual flurry of activity.

10   INT. COMMANDER'S OFFICE

     The commander sits at his desk, typing, as the chief
comes in, carrying a stack of forms.

          CHIEF:  That's the rest of the duty logs.  As much
as we can complete.

          COMMANDER:  That's all?  (looking around)  Why
don't we have them cross-referenced with the specifications?

          CHIEF:  Well...  Detective Mihoshi still has the
specifications.

          COMMANDER:  Oh my god!  Mihoshi has the duty-
specs?

          CHIEF:  Sorry, Sir.  It was completely out of my
hands!  The special investigations coordinator for the
bureau of political--

          COMMANDER:  Never mind all that.  Just contact
Mihoshi and get that book back.  We'll never be able to
evaluate assignments in time without it.

          CHIEF:  Got it!

     The chief hurries off.

          COMMANDER:  (looking back down)  We need to put a
leash on that detective.

11   EXT. OBSCURE VILLA

     The rain continues to pour, as the dim haze of dawn
begins to build.

12   INT. DINING ROOM

     Mihoshi is sitting at the table with a cup of coffee
and a notebook, writing.  She stops for a moment and sneezes
a few times as Claire enters, holding a small brown cat.

          CLAIRE:  Est-ce que vous vous sentez malade?  Oh!
Excusez-moi!  Parlez-vous francais?

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  Boy, this is embarrassing...

          CLAIRE:  I suppose you must speak Japanese.  What
do you speak, English?

     Mihoshi ponders for a moment.

          MIHOSHI:  I can manage some English, if you can
speak that.

          CLAIRE:   (frowning)  It is a piece of task, but I
think I can make it do.  You so, are not as tired as the
others, yes?

          MIHOSHI:  (briefly translating)  Oh!  No, I feel
fine.

     Claire looks on in some surprised amusement as Mihoshi
has a fresh bout of sneezing.  Claire pets the cat and sits
next to Mihoshi.

          CLAIRE:   You look alike you descend with
something.  You should take a rest some, I think.

          MIHOSHI:  No, no!  I'm fine, really!  I had some
sleep on the plane.

          CLAIRE:  Ah...  Do the others therefore, speak
also English, or just you?

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  Let me think...  Sasami and
Tenchi know English.  Sasami helped me and Ayeka quite a
bit.  I'm not sure, but I think Tenchi also learned some
Greek.

          CLAIRE:  Heh?

          MIHOSHI:  Ayeka and Sasami studied Greek before
they came to Japan.  Of course, Sasami also studied Latin,
so she picked up English a little quicker.  I don't think
Ryoko knows much other than Japanese.

          CLAIRE:  So, what language is that you write in?

     Mihoshi looks down at her notebook for a moment,
briefly confused, then looks up again, smiling.

          MIHOSHI:  Just a little shorthand.  I really hope
we're not imposing!

          CLAIRE:  No, you came to very good time.  I like
to return services always for my good friends.

     Claire adjusts her glasses as she gets up.

          CLAIRE:  It was as... convenient as I am to know
Samantha.  She has the friends who can help to arrange some
things.

          MIHOSHI:  (curious)  Really?  What kind of things?

     Claire simply smiles and turns, as Mihoshi continues
sneezing.

          CLAIRE:  Good morning, Mihoshi.  I hope that you
have felt better, soon.

     Mihoshi is about to reply, as she groans and grabs her
head, looking back at her notebook.

          MIHOSHI:  (to herself)  Don't do this to me.

13   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Early afternoon--clouds beginning to roll in.

14   INT. SHRINE

     Yosho is sitting at the table, writing.  He looks up,
contemplating.

15   EXT. CLEARING

     Yosho looks on in a bit of shock, as he sees the body
of Kilaro being hauled off on a stretcher.

16   INT. SHRINE

     Yosho continues writing.

          YOSHO:  (VO)  It's nothing to do with me, I'm
sure.  (looking up)  Then again...  Beta did oversee the
first development project.

     Yosho frowns and instantly returns to his work.

          YOSHO:  (VO)  No one in this family wrote that
manifesto.  I would have known.

17   EXT. CITY LIMITS

     A small car pulls up to the side of the road, near rows
of houses.  Samantha, Ryoko, Ayeka, Tenchi, and Sasami
emerge from the car--Ryo-Ohki emerges in cabbit form and
Sasami puts Ryo-Ohki on her shoulder.

     Claire looks out the driver's window of the car and
waves.  The car then pulls away.  Samantha gestures toward a
small cafe, nearby.

          SAMANTHA:  Well, here we are.  'Springtime cafe.'

          RYOKO:  Great!  Let's eat.

          TENCHI:  Uh, Samantha.  If you don't mind my
asking, what's so special about this place?

     Samantha guides Tenchi by the shoulder toward the cafe,
as she explains.

          SAMANTHA:  Well, the food is excellent, of course.
Only the locals really know about this place, and I just
love the ambiance.

          AYEKA:  (wryly amused)  You mean, they show off
your artwork?

          SAMANTHA:  (grinning, turning to Ayeka)  Exactly.

18   EXT. SPRINGTIME CAFE

     Tenchi and Ryo-Ohki (in humanoid form) are just
entering as Ryo-Ohki spots an odd man in sunglasses,
apparently trying to be unobtrusive, lurking across the
street.  The man disappears, and Tenchi looks back.

          TENCHI:  Come on, Ryo-Ohki.

19   INT. CAFE

     Ryoko and Tenchi are looking up at a painting, as
Samantha, Ayeka, Sasami, and Ryo-Ohki are sitting at a
table.

          RYOKO:  I hate to admit it, but her work is really
good.

          TENCHI:  Yeah.  I just wish Mihoshi could see
this.

     Samantha looks up, a little puzzled.

          SAMANTHA:  Mihoshi?  What?  Isn't she here?

          SASAMI:  (eagerly explaining)  She came down with
something on the trip.  She had to stay in bed.

          SAMANTHA:  (a little relieved)  One less thing to
worry about.

20   INT. CHIEF'S OFFICE

     The chief is pacing in front of his desk, as an
incessant beeping sounds.

          CHIEF:  (to the computer)  Isn't she even
receiving a signal?

          COMPUTER:  Signal confirmed.

          CHIEF:  Damn that flake!

21   INT. BEDROOM

     Mihoshi is laying in bed, as an incessant beeping
blares through the room.  Claire opens the door and enters,
bringing in some soup.

          CLAIRE:  I made you something to keep your
strength.

          MIHOSHI:  (a little raspy)  Merci.

          CLAIRE:  It is nothing.

          MIHOSHI:  (getting up)  Could you do me a favor?

          CLAIRE:  Oui?

     Mihoshi removes the wrist device and hands it to
Claire.  Claire examines it, curiously.

          MIHOSHI:  Could you smash that?  It's really
getting on my nerves.

     Claire chuckles as she looks up from the beeping
device, and Mihoshi returns the smile, briefly.  Claire
drops the device and stomps on it.

          CLAIRE:  (casual)  Tout le plaisir est pour moi.

     Mihoshi collapses, and almost instantly falls asleep.

22   EXT. SPRINGTIME CAFE

     Ayeka and Sasami exit, as Tenchi, Samantha, Ryo-Ohki,
and Ryoko start to emerge.

          AYEKA:  (to Samantha)  Where to now?

          SAMANTHA:  (pointing)  You see that building up
ahead?

     Ayeka and Sasami look toward a nice four-story
building, flanked by roads and buildings all around it.

          SASAMI:  That one?  About two miles from here?

          SAMANTHA:  That's about right.  Yeah.  Let's walk
there.  It's a nice time of day for it.

23   EXT. NEAR OFFICE BUILDING

     Ryoko is waiting, her arms folded, as the others go
walking up to the front.

          RYOKO:  What took the rest of you so long?

          AYEKA:  Some of us like to actually walk, you
know.

     Tenchi looks up at the building.

          TENCHI:  (to Samantha)  So, is this where your
gallery is?

     Samantha sighs gently as she smiles.

          SAMANTHA:  No, (pointing to the side) that is.

     They turn and look around at a corner, littered with
junk, cracked sidewalks, and long-dead grass with weeds.
The building is little more than a glorified shack--papered-
over windows, peeling paint and noticeable cracks.  The
whole building looks as if it was removed from a disease-
infested slum by a deranged house-mover, and placed there,
to annoy the neighbors.

          AYEKA:  You must be kidding.

          SASAMI:  Wow!  How did that building get here?  I
didn't even notice it!

          TENCHI:  Amazing.

          RYOKO:  Yeah, this place is really creepy.

     Samantha sighs gently again, a wistful expression.

          SAMANTHA:  Ah...  No place like home, I always
say.

24   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Yosho sits out front, pondering, as the sun sets.

          YOSHO:  (VO)  If pirates are spreading slanders
about the royal family, then the Supreme Council can just
cut off their guild.

     Yosho takes a sip of tea, scowling to himself.

          YOSHO:  Unless they think Ayeka wrote that
manifesto.  (VO)  How absurd!  Ayeka?  Of course, that
doesn't mean they don't suspect it.

25   INT. GALLERY

     Bare wood flooring with simple walls and several
paintings for decoration.  A small collection of lockers is
on one side, and a few benches line the other side.  The
windows are covered by severe rollup shades.  Near the
benches are seven easels with props and stands for paints
and art tools.  Along the far wall are a couple of
bookshelves, a large trunk, a small wall mirror and a couple
of generic floor lamps.

     In the middle of the room is large shag rug, flanked by
a drawing table with a T-square and several architectural
drawing tools, and a worn davenport sofa.  One large bedroom
and a small bathroom branch off the main room.

     Ayeka is looking around at the collection of paintings.

     Samantha greets Cassandra (a woman with distinctive
convivial expressions despite her plain, black hair and
somber manners--she seems securely effeminate and civil, but
also affects the bearing of pallid lasciviousness).
Cassandra speaks with a thick Spanish accent.

          SAMANTHA:  Hey, Spacey!  It's been too long, huh?

          CASSANDRA:  Hola, Sammy.  Time that you return is
good.  You get any older, and the gallery will begin seeming
young beside you.

          SAMANTHA:  (laughing)  Now, is that any way to
greet an old friend?  (looking around)  I know Cassandra
has a big mouth, but she means well.

     Tenchi and Ryo-Ohki seem a little puzzled, as Sasami
sighs and looks around at Ayeka.  Ryoko yawns, a little
bored.

          CASSANDRA:  Big mouth!  You should speak.  I am
here, and while finishing my study, you escape to each
corner of the world!

          SAMANTHA:  Well, not every corner.  Just a few
sides of it, anyway.

     Ayeka looks away from the paintings, and then looks
back, unable to look completely away.

26   EXT. GRASSY CLEARING

     Ayeka is strolling through a field, dream-like, as she
sees Tenchi walking hand-in-hand with Ryoko.  She watches in
shock as Tenchi and Ryoko look at each other meaningfully
and hold each other close.

          AYEKA:  (inaudible)  No!

27   INT. GALLERY

     Ayeka reflexively steps back from the painting.

     The painting is a reddish sky, blotted with frightening
images.

          SASAMI:  What is it, Ayeka?

          AYEKA:  (gathering herself)  Huh?  Oh...  It's
just this painting.  It's very disturbing.

     Sasami looks at the painting, as Samantha briefly looks
their way, then back at Cassandra.

          CASSANDRA:  You still have my keys, eh?

     Samantha seems a little confused for a moment.

          SAMANTHA:  Oh!  Right.

     Samantha fishes around in a purse and takes out some
keys.

          CASSANDRA:  You haven't any need of them in
Alaska, I think.

     Samantha notices Ayeka, as she hands the keys back.

          SAMANTHA:  I see you've noticed Spacey's work.  As
you can see, she's a little out there.

          AYEKA:  That wasn't the expression I was thinking.

          SASAMI:  (frowning in disapproval)  It's not that
good.  No offense, but it looks like you're having problems
with your brush.  (looking around at Cassandra)  You know
how to compose your work?

     Ayeka takes a lightly stern tone.

          AYEKA:  Now, Sasami.  Let's not question the
style.  It may look revolting, but that doesn't mean it's
the result of carelessness.

          SASAMI:  Huh?

     Tenchi frowns and folds his arms, and Ryoko floats next
to him.

          RYOKO:  Tenchi, are we going to stand around all
day?  I want to go do something fun.

     Samantha glances around, as Tenchi looks down,
nervously scratching his head.

          TENCHI:  You all go on.  I'll catch up after I've
had a word with Samantha and her friend.

28   EXT. GALLERY

     Ayeka, Sasami, Ryo-Ohki and Ryoko emerge, a little
grateful to get outside again.

          RYOKO:  So, what's there to do around here?

          SASAMI:  Sammy says there's lots of clubs.

          AYEKA:  I don't think we're going club-hopping.

          RYOKO:  Well, what else is there?

          AYEKA:  There are certain to be several museums.

          SASAMI:  We could go see the space exhibit, then
check out some of the theaters.

          RYOKO:  Space exhibit?  What do you want to see
that for?

          AYEKA:  Hmm...  It might be fun to see their
primitive technology.

          SASAMI:  No, wait.  It's Monday.  We can't see the
space exhibit today.  It'll be closed.

          RYOKO:  Okay.  Tenchi and I will check out the
clubs.  The rest of you can take in some theater.

     Ayeka and Sasami glare at Ryoko, a little annoyed.

29   INT. GALLERY

     Tenchi smiles at Cassandra, a bit flustered.

          TENCHI:  Sorry about that.  Sasami has knack for
ruining our little trips.

          SAMANTHA:  Really?

          TENCHI:  Yeah, I don't know what to say.

          CASSANDRA:  Maybe you can make it up some day to
me.  I know some things on this town that even Sammy doesn't
know.

          SAMANTHA:  Sure enough, Spacey.  But first, I'm
going to unleash Dotty on them.

          CASSANDRA:  (laughing)  Have fun, then.  (to
Tenchi)  There isn't any need to be sorry, young man.  I am
an artist, so any critic is good rather than not anything.
I give welcome to insults.

     Tenchi smiles, relieved.

          TENCHI:  Thank you.  I hate to ruin this for you.

          SAMANTHA:  Don't worry, Tenchi.  Spacey's a
psychology student, so she knows all about these little
quirks your friends have.

          TENCHI:  Yeah?

          CASSANDRA:  It is true.  They tell me that I am
very good in my work.  Your friends can maybe see me in a
professional way, huh?

     They all chuckle, as Samantha suddenly scratches her
head.

          SAMANTHA:  (softly)  That's not a bad idea...

30   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Yosho gets up from his seat, as evening falls.  He
looks around, curious, as several men in dark uniforms go
sneaking past.

          YOSHO:  Back already?  That was quick.

31   EXT. OFFICE BUILDING

     A couple cars go past in the street, as a few
pedestrians stroll by.

32   INT. OFFICE

     Lilian is sitting at a desk, typing.  She stops and
looks up, annoyed.  (Lilian is blonde and dignified--like a
car that's been through a fresh paint job.  She seems very
formidable, nonetheless--and her insistent demeanor is only
curbed by a somewhat empathic manner.)  She glares at a
computer screen, as if she wants to slap it.

          LILIAN:  Merde!  You stupid machine!  Oh!

     After a moment of indecision, she swats the monitor,
and it continues to blink back at her.

     A moment later, Samantha enters, followed closely by
Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami and Ryo-Ohki.

          LILIAN:  (not looking up)  Hey, Sammy!  I see you
have your friends with you.  Stupid!  Stupid!  Screwed-up
computer!  Damn thing never works right!

     Samantha watches, as Tenchi and the others gather
around her.

          SAMANTHA:  Still picking on perfectly innocent
machinery, I see.

          LILIAN:  Innocent, my butt!  These things are
going to take over, one day!  Then, you'll be sorry.
(looking up)  Oh!  Hey, you brought a bunch, huh?

          TENCHI:  Hello...

          LILIAN:  How you manage to make friends while I'm
stuck here--

          SAMANTHA:  You need to get out more, Dotty.

          LILIAN:  Easy for you to say, Sammy.  I own this
company.  You can always just go back to London.

          SASAMI:  London?

          SAMANTHA:  (annoyed, turning aside)  Just ignore
her, if Dotty suddenly stops making sense.

     Ryoko folds her arms, very bored.

          RYOKO:  Is this going to take much longer?

          TENCHI:  (sighing)  Ryoko--the least we can do is
say hello to her friends.

          RYOKO:  (frowning)  I would if I could.

          AYEKA:  (a little smug)  It helps if you take the
time to learn.  (turning to Lilian)  Hello.  My name is
Ayeka.

          LILIAN:  (briefly pleasant)  Hey.  (turning to
Samantha)  You bum!  Get a real job, already!

     Samantha and Lilian chuckle, as a secretary walks in
and sets down a small stack of forms on the desk.

          LILIAN:  Oh, everybody.  This is Penny.

          TENCHI:  Hello.

     Penny smiles and hastily turns to Lilian.

          PENNY:  These are the latest balances.

          LILIAN:  Don't forget the quarterlies.

     Penny turns to leave.

          PENNY:  Coming up!

          SAMANTHA:  (to Tenchi)  Dotty and I met back in
our Biology class.  We had the most interesting
philosophical discussions, then.

          LILIAN:  Yeah.  I actually passed that class, too.

          SAMANTHA:  Show off.

          LILIAN:  So, is this everybody?  Did you just come
from seeing Spacey?

          SAMANTHA:  Well, there's one more, but she got
sick.  Oh, yeah.  They just toured the gallery.

          LILIAN:  Whoa!  My condolences.  Make sure you try
to steal a painting or two before you go.  We don't want
Spacey to think about going back to Barcelona.

          SAMANTHA:  We're going to take the metro tour,
next.

          LILIAN:  Hey, fabulous.  Damn, I wish I could go
along.  (rolling her eyes)  Here comes more paperwork.

     Right on cue, Penny enters with the quarterlies.

          SAMANTHA:  It was nice to see you again, Dotty.

          LILIAN:  Okay.  Give Roger my best!

          SAMANTHA:  I will.  Bye!

     Sasami seems about to say something, as Samantha
hurries them out the door.

          TENCHI:  Uh...

          SAMANTHA:  Never mind, now.  I'll explain later.

33   EXT. NEAR STRANGE CAVE

     Yosho is sitting next to the entrance of the cave, as a
man in a dark uniform emerges into the darkness.  Yosho
holds up a flashlight and shines it at him.

          YOSHO:  Hey, Kilaro!  Going somewhere?

     The figure turns around, a little stunned.

          FIGURE:  Yosho?  How did you know I'd be here?

          YOSHO:  I had a hunch.

34   EXT. CLASSIC THEATER

     An old-fashioned theater, designed in the ancient Roman
style--distinctive pillars and arches.

35   INT. THEATER

     Tenchi and the others are watching a play, as Ayeka
slowly holds her head and groans, softly.

          TENCHI:  Ayeka?  Something wrong?

          AYEKA:  It's nothing.  I'm fine.

36   INT. CHIEF'S OFFICE

     The commander appears on the display, very irritated.

          COMMANDER:  (display)  Don't you have that book,
yet?

          CHIEF:  Sorry, Commander.  I'm still waiting for a
reply.

          COMMANDER:  (display)  There's no time for that.
Get someone down there, and find that book!  Be quick about
it!

     The chief salutes, stiff with resolution.

          CHIEF:  Yes, sir!

     The display goes blank, and the chief sighs.

          CHIEF:  Oh, well.  So much for subtlety.

37   EXT. OBSCURE VILLA

     Early evening, and the small car pulls up, just as a
light rain begins to fall.  Tenchi and the others get out,
except for Ayeka--who is helped out by Sasami.  Tenchi then
helps carry her.

38   INT. BEDROOM

     Tenchi and Sasami carry Ayeka, laying her in a bed next
to Mihoshi--who is lightly sleeping.

          AYEKA:  (croaking)  Oh, why me?

39   INT. DINING ROOM

     Tenchi and the others sit and eat with Samantha and
Claire.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  Two down, two to go.

40   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Yosho is sitting out in front with Kilaro, having some
tea.

          YOSHO:  You faked your death for some hair
brushes?

          KILARO:  The scientific interest in this site is
tremendous.  With all the laboratory study exchange going to
the Academy, it's hard for other groups to get their hands
on genetic material.  A hair brush is as good as a skin
sample or an organ.

          YOSHO:  What kind of groups are we talking about?
Corporate?

          KILARO:  They pay big bucks, too.

          YOSHO:  So, who arranged for the wine?

          KILARO:  I don't know. Some contact in Russia, I
think.

          YOSHO:  I didn't know there was so much business
interest in this planet.

          KILARO:  There's more than one corporation
involved.

          YOSHO:  (frowning in thought)  There is?

          KILARO:  The ambassador has been teasing the best
bids out, lately...  So, I figured--

          YOSHO:  (nodding)  I see.  You are taking the
opportunity to entertain your own bids.

     Kilaro gestures with his bag.

          KILARO:  I could share the profit.  Just say the
word, and I'll cut you in.

     Yosho sets down the tea and stands.

          YOSHO:  I don't think so.  I have enough on my
mind right now.  You're going to return those items, once I
can contact the proper authorities.

     Kilaro stands, disappointed, and Yosho folds his arms.

          YOSHO:  (VO)  I just wonder why they are so busy,
all of a sudden.

41   INT. DINING ROOM

     Claire and Samantha are sitting at the table, as Tenchi
enters.

          TENCHI:  Hello.

          CLAIRE:  Good evening.

          SAMANTHA:  Is Ayeka okay?  It's not bad, is it?

          TENCHI:  No.  She's fine.  Probably just the same
thing Mihoshi has.

          CLAIRE:  Ah, good.

          SAMANTHA:  Come and sit, Tenchi.  What's on your
mind?

     Tenchi joins them, and frowns, nervously.

          TENCHI:  Well...  It's probably none of my
business, but who is this Roger?

     Samantha looks a little embarrassed, as Claire smiles.

          CLAIRE:  Sammy has not mentioned Roger?  Oh!
(laughing)  Sammy, you wicked fille!

          SAMANTHA:  Okay, cat's out of the bag.  Roger is
my fiance.

          TENCHI:  Your fiance?  Wow.

          CLAIRE:  Sammy is shy...

          SAMANTHA:  I am not.  Roger and I are just good
friends.

          CLAIRE:  You make me laugh, Sammy!  Roger spends
all his family's money on you!

          TENCHI:  (confused)  What?  I thought--

     Claire briefly adjusting her glasses, then laughs
again.

          CLAIRE:  What excuse is it, this time?  Heh?  How
did you succeed in avoiding the altar this year?

          SAMANTHA:  (sighing)  I managed to convince Roger
that I can help him get an 'alien' shot.  Something he can
publish.  It was the best I could come up with.  Roger is
such a sucker for quick money schemes.

          TENCHI:  (frowning)  An 'alien' shot?  You mean,
like a picture?  You're not actually going to give him
anything, are you?

     Claire looks down and picks up her cat, as Samantha
continues explaining.

          SAMANTHA:  No, no.  It's not like that.  I really
brought you all here to meet my friends, but I don't think
Roger is going to mess around, this time.  He's going to
want a marriage, soon, and I'm running out of excuses not
to.

          TENCHI:  You don't want to marry him?

          CLAIRE:  Of course, she wants to!  Sammy's not
stupid, though!

          SAMANTHA:  It wasn't exactly an arranged marriage,
but it's close enough that he owes me a few favors.  I like
to paint, so...  Well...

          TENCHI:  I see.

          CLAIRE:  And Sammy is a fine painter, too.  Not as
good as Spacey, but--

          SAMANTHA:  Hey!  I just don't have the luck Spacey
has.  She's so lucky, she scares me.

42   EXT. GALLERY

     A light rain continues to fall, as morning breaks
again.

43   INT. GALLERY

     Tenchi, Ryoko, Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, and Samantha are
standing behind Cassandra, watching her work.

     Cassandra is standing at an easel, smoking an ugly
cigar, shaking her head at her work.

          CASSANDRA:  If this were a real woman, she would
weep and a stupid fool call me.  What type of life is this?
I should maybe go kill myself.

     Samantha consoles Cassandra, as Sasami and Ryoko look
through a small stack of paintings.

          SAMANTHA:  Now, now, Spacey.  The joy in painting
is the joy you give to others.

          CASSANDRA:  I think they would like of seeing me
killing myself.

          SAMANTHA:  Hey...  That's just the cigar talking.
You know you can't handle more than five paintings a week,
anyway.  You lose sleep.

     Cassandra takes a long draw on her cigar, thoughtfully
gesturing at the painting.

          CASSANDRA:  A woman in the profile in a hospital
room.  Ah...  What was I thinking?

     Samantha follows, as Cassandra goes to sit on the sofa.
Ryoko shows a painting to Tenchi.

          RYOKO:  This one's interesting.

          CASSANDRA:  (turning)  Huh?

          SAMANTHA:  I think someone has taken an interest
in your collection.

     Sasami gestures at the painting.

          SASAMI:  I like this one.  It's a lot better than
the others.

     Cassandra approaches them, turning the cigar in her
mouth.

          CASSANDRA:  Do you think that, si?  Do you like
all the fine detail and shading?

     Samantha has a look of shock, then sighs deeply.

     Sasami smiles, only too happy to point it out.

          SASAMI:  Oh, yeah.  These facial features are
brilliant.  They capture just the right sense of
distraction.  It's like a painting-within-a-painting.

     Cassandra chuckles grimly, as Samantha covers her face
with her hands.  Tenchi examines the painting carefully.

          RYOKO:  Hey, Tenchi.  What do you think?

          TENCHI:  I think you're right, Ryoko.  It's
interesting, all right.

          SASAMI:  Oh, Cassandra.  I'm sorry.  I didn't know
you had this much talent!

          CASSANDRA:  I don't.

          SASAMI:  Huh?

          CASSANDRA:  (gesturing with the cigar)  It's not
mine.

          TENCHI:  It's not?  Oh!

          SASAMI:  (mortified)  Oops.  Sorry.

44   EXT. STREET

     Tenchi, Ryoko, Samantha, Ryo-Ohki, and Sasami are
exiting a metro station.  Sasami grimaces and shakes her
head, as Ryo-Ohki looks around behind them.  Tenchi notices
Ryo-Ohki and looks, spotting the figure in the sunglasses.

          TENCHI:  Hey!  I keep seeing that guy.  Is he
following us?

          SAMANTHA:  (briefly startled)  Huh?  Oh...  No.
Just your imagination.

          TENCHI:  But--

          SASAMI:  Oh...  I don't feel so good.

45   INT. BEDROOM

     Tenchi and Samantha help Sasami to a bed, next to Ayeka
and Mihoshi.

46   INT. DINING ROOM

     Tenchi, Ryoko, Samantha, Ryo-Ohki, and Claire are
sitting at the table, eating.

          RYOKO:  One more to go.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko--

          SAMANTHA:  If you think I'm going to get sick,
think again!

          CLAIRE:  I think Mihoshi is starting to get
better.

          TENCHI:  Thank goodness.  You should be thankful
you aren't sick, Ryoko.

          RYOKO:  Me, get sick!  (chuckling)  I think not.

47   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Kilaro is just going through the entrance door as Azaka
and Kamidake appear.  Yosho appears a moment later and
clears his throat.

          YOSHO:  Going somewhere?

          KILARO:  No, not really!

     They look up, seeing a large GP cruiser landing.

          YOSHO:  Took them long enough.

48   EXT. OBSCURE VILLA

     A light morning mist, and a shaft of light breaks
through the clouds.

49   INT. BEDROOM

     Samantha, Tenchi and Ryo-Ohki are considering the
sleeping figures of Ayeka, Mihoshi and Sasami, as Ryoko sits
up and glares at them.  Ryoko is about to speak and promptly
sneezes.  She then falls over in bed.

          TENCHI:  You'll get better soon, Ryoko.

          RYOKO:  (croaking)  I hate you all.

     Samantha, Tenchi and Ryo-Ohki turn to leave as Ryoko
sits up again.

          RYOKO:  Wait!

          TENCHI:  What is it, Ryoko?

          RYOKO:  Keep an eye on him, Ryo-Ohki!

     Ryoko then falls over and groans.  Tenchi sighs and
leaves, carefully shutting the door behind them.

50   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Yosho and Kilaro are standing with Azaka and Kamidake,
speaking with an officer.

          OFFICER:  Okay, where's Mihoshi?

          YOSHO:  Mihoshi?  She's in France!

          KILARO:  Oh, yeah.

          OFFICER:  What is she doing in France?  Where is
France, anyway?

          YOSHO:  (irritated)  Are you going to take this
man in, or not?

          OFFICER:  Sorry, Sir.  I have my orders.

     Kilaro looks around, a little smug.

51   EXT. STREETS

     Several shots of Tenchi, Samantha and Ryo-Ohki being
pursued by the man with the sunglasses.  In the last one,
Tenchi finally stops and confronts the man.

          TENCHI:  Hey!  Roger, right?

          MAN:  Huh?  Who?  Are you talking to me?

          SAMANTHA:  (rolling her eyes)  Come on, Roger!
Give it up.  You blend in about as well as an elephant in a
planetarium.

     Roger takes off his sunglasses.

          ROGER:  I see how it is!  This was all just a
silly game to you, huh?

          SAMANTHA:  (shaking her head)  Roger, don't behave
like a child.

     Tenchi watches in amazement as Samantha walks off with
Roger, waving to them--as Ryo-Ohki and Tenchi stand there.

          TENCHI:  Now what?

          RYO-OHKI:  Miya!

          TENCHI:  Hey, yeah.  Good idea!

     A huge GP cruiser lands almost on top of where Roger
and Samantha were, just one minute ago.  Tenchi and Ryo-
Ohki approach it, as other people scatter.  An officer
emerges.

          OFFICER:  I don't suppose you know where Mihoshi
is.

52   EXT. GALLERY

     Late afternoon turns to evening twilight.

53   INT. GALLERY

     Tenchi and Ryo-Ohki (cabbit form) are eating, as
Cassandra paints.  Cassandra glances at Ryo-Ohki for a
moment, and grins.

          CASSANDRA:  I think I have found a most wonderful
inspiration.

     Tenchi gets up and looks at the painting.

          TENCHI:  You know, I don't care what Sasami says.
That is really good.

          CASSANDRA:  You think so?

          TENCHI:  I wish I could paint like that.

     Cassandra stops and cleans her brush, casually
gesturing.

          CASSANDRA:  It is nothing, really.  Once you learn
the tools of the trade, it seems easy shamefully.

          TENCHI:  It doesn't take long to learn?

          CASSANDRA:  Of someone that knows, some months it
takes maybe.  For you...  (pickup a cigar and lighting it)
I think, maybe about two weeks.

          TENCHI:  (carefully considering)  Yeah, I think
you're right.  Ryoko only needed a little help, and she was
painting amazing things.

          CASSANDRA:  (a little surprised)  Your friend
Ryoko is an artist, also?

          TENCHI:  (frowning with confusion)  Well, it's a
little complicated.

     Cassandra grins and sits on the sofa gesturing
expansively.

          CASSANDRA:  I see.  So, you and Ryoko have
something going on, yes?

          TENCHI:  You could say that.  I'm not sure what
you call it, though.

          CASSANDRA:  What is the big mystery?  You a man
is, she a woman is?

          TENCHI:  Yeah, but that's not it.

          CASSANDRA:  So, sit down and tell me about her.
You can trust me.  I am a specialized professional, you
know.  I would never say to anyone.

     Tenchi sighs and sits on the rug, picking up Ryo-Ohki
and petting her.

          TENCHI:  I know that.  I just can't piece things
together.  I mean--one moment, you love someone, the next
moment, you hate them.

          CASSANDRA:  Yes.  Yes, this sounds about right.

          TENCHI:  Hmm...  Let me think.

54   INT. FORTRESS LARGE CHAMBER (b/w--flashback)

     Ryoko A is sitting at the table, a half-empty cup of
sake on the table.  She is sitting, staring off into space. 
Behind her, Washu approaches.

          WASHU:  No need to get up, Ryoko.  I think I might
have figured out a way to solve your little problem.

55   INT. GALLERY

     Tenchi scratches his head, trying to remember.

          TENCHI:  Do you know much about dreams?

          CASSANDRA:  Dreams are my specialty, and not just
Jungian analysis.  Are you dream of love and hate?

          TENCHI:  No.  I was wondering if dreams have
something to do with imprinting.  What is imprinting?

          CASSANDRA:  (intrigued)  Imprinting...  That is
something instinctive.  Nobody really knows how it works,
but it is like... auto-pilot.

          TENCHI:  Huh?

          CASSANDRA:  (explaining)  Si.  Each creature has
some kind of instinct to train them.  What to follow and
what to avoid.  Imprinting gives us an image of what we love
and hate in a very primitive way--you know, stimulus,
response.  You cannot trust the genetics to show them who
their mother is, so the brain makes click at some point.  It
is the same for friends, enemies, lovers...

          TENCHI:  (realizing)  So, everyone has a specific
time that they learn these images?

          CASSANDRA:  (leaning back, grinning)  Well, with
the mother it is easy to demonstrate, but with other types
of imprinting...  It is easy to confuse a type of imprinting
with another.  Does this help?

          TENCHI:  (smiling, a little embarrassed)  I think
the art is more illuminating, but yeah...  It clears up a
few things.

     Cassandra gets up, twisting her cigar.

          CASSANDRA:  Okay.  You've listened to Tia Spacey
long enough.  Allow me to show you some tricks of the
trade...

56   INT. COMMANDER'S OFFICE

     The chief is standing in front of the commander, a
little nonplussed, as the commander looks through Mihoshi's
notebook.

          COMMANDER:  Okay, that's nearly everything.
What's these last few entries?

          CHIEF:  (sighing)  I have no idea.

          COMMANDER:  (frowning at the book)  Cuckoo
clocks... Knickknacks... Statuettes...  

          CHIEF:  (explaining)  Mihoshi was delirious, when
we found her.

          COMMANDER:  (exasperated)  Never mind!  Just enter
it, as is.

     The chief makes a double-take.

          CHIEF:  As is?

          COMMANDER:  With all the other errors, who's going
to notice a few more?

          CHIEF:  Yes, Sir.

          COMMANDER:  Oh, and the courier you have in
holding...  He's got diplomatic immunity.  No point in
charging him.

          CHIEF:  Right...

57   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     Another golden sunrise.

58   INT. SHRINE

     Yosho sits at the table, again, writing in a book.  He
looks up briefly, and frowns.

          YOSHO:  (VO)  Ah...  Nice and quiet again...

     He picks up a cup of tea and takes a sip.  He adjusts
his glasses and settles into a look of sheer boredom.

          YOSHO:  (VO)  Damn...

THE END

