I Don't Own Tenchi, Pioneer Does.
Last Time, The Gang Reunited and formed a Plan to fight Kagato, but will it work?



Tenchi Muyo
Dreams Within Dreams
Episode 3
Love Will Leave You Crying
By Nexodus



------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Broken Mirror, The million shades of light. The old echo fades away, But just you and I  
can find the answer and then, we can run to the end of the world, we can run to the end of  
the world.  Run to the End of the World."
		Xenogears- Small of two Peace's
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


The plan was set, and soon Tenchi will be mine, Ryoko thought.  I love Tenchi  
and he's going to know sooner then he thinks. The gang had been preparing for the fight  
with Kagato. Setting up Holoprojectors and Beam Sabers. Ryoko, on the other hand,  
hand bought a ring to give Tenchi. It wasn't an Engagement ring, more of a love ring. A  
way to express her love for him in a more civilized way. The Ring was made from  
Artrilian Gold, a very rare material and she engraved a messege on the bottom of it.  
Tenchi,
We will be together forever, just the two of us. This is a symbol of my love for  
you. Never let it go. I love you  
		-Ryoko'
It would be a wonderful gift. Suddenly, a loud voice knocked Ryoko back to  
reality and away from her thoughts. "Ryoko!" it was Ayeka. "Can you please explain to  
me what this is!" Ayeka had a large piece of paper with typing on it. It looked like it had  
been folded and she was waving it in front of Ryoko's face.
	"Jeez, Ayeka." Ryoko began, trying to act innocent. "Looks kinda like a bill to  
me." Ayeka got madder.
	"Why is it for 25,000 JURAI!!" Ayeka yelled. Ryoko tried to take the blame off  
of her.
	"Hey, it's not my fault." Ryoko said. Ayeka was now blood red and steam was  
coming out of her ears.  
"I think it sure as hell is!" The Princess Yelled. "I know I didn't get an Herbal  
Massage, or eat rare Juraian Lobster!  Not to mention the Room service Bill!  And I want  
to know what this Porno Movie is doing here!" Ryoko's face got serious.
	"What the hell!!??"  Ryoko snatched the bill from Ayeka. "Let's see, Lobster,  
Massage, Room service, Kimono, More Lobster, Movies, WHAT!  I sure as hell didn't  
order a Porno Movie!" " Ayeka folded her arms.
	"Well if it wasn't you, then who?" the Princess yelled.
	"I'm sorry girls."  Ayeka and Ryoko turned around and couldn't believe their  
ears/Eyes.
	"Lord Katsuhito!?" they said in unison.  
	"Don't forget me." Washu yelled.
	"Very well," The Princess began. "I guess I'll have to pay for it." She turned to  
Ryoko "But Ryoko, I'm going to hold you responsible for thi..HEY, SHE'S GONE."  
Ryoko had disappeared. Teleported away. Washu put her hand on Ayeka's sholder to  
calm her down.
	"Let her be, Ayeka." Washu began "She's got more important things to worry  
about then some debt."
			
Ryoko teleported out of that mess just in time.  She was now in the fixed Yagami,  
in Tenchi's quarters. (Authors note.  Kyone had several additions to the Yagami, which  
include separate rooms for everybody.  Martel has to sleep in Tenchi's Room) She  
couldn't get over that something bad was still going to happen, even though they have an  
almost airtight plan.  But this was Kagato.  He'll do something.  And it will be nasty.   
"Um, Ryoko. Why are you in my room?" Tenchi said as he walked in. Ryoko sat up and  
looked nervous. She also began to blush.
	"Sorry Tenchi......wrong Room."  Ryoko began to phase through the wall when  
Tenchi stopped her.
	"Ryoko wait!" The Prince began. "We need to talk." Ryoko looked at her Tenchi  
with a puzzled face.
	"What is it?" The Pirate asked. Tenchi took a deep breath.
	"Kagato is a very dangerous man." Tenchi began as he sat down next to Ryoko on  
his bed. "Something is going to happen tomorrow.  He'll do something.  And literally a  
voice has been yelling at me to say this. Ryoko if something happens during this fight, I  
want you to know one thing and one thing only and I want you to draw from this.  I love  
you." "I love you." Ryoko looked into Tenchi's eyes.  He just said the three most  
wonderful words she's always wanted to here. Especially from Tenchi. She couldn't  
control herself.  Ryoko began to cry. "What's wrong Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.
	"Oh, Tenchi." The sobbing Pirate began. "I've been waiting for you to say those  
three words for a long long time.  I knew you love me." Tenchi was awestruck by these  
words. How could she know? Ryoko continued. "These last couple of day's, I could tell  
you wanted to tell me, Because every time you tried to, your nose would bleed and you  
would faint." Tenchi instantly blushed at this comment.
	"Sorry about your dress by the way," Tenchi said. "The stain I mean." Ryoko  
looked up at Tenchi's eyes.
	"Don't worry about the dress." She said. They just sat there and stared into each  
other's eyes. Time seamed to fly past them as the stared. Ryoko suddenly remembered  
something very important. "Oh, I almost forgot." She said. She reached into her pocket  
and pulled out the Ring. "I got this for you." She handed the ring to Tenchi. Tenchi stared  
at the piece of gold he held.
"You didn't have to do this Ryoko." Tenchi said. Ryoko smiled.
"I wanted to do that for you." She began. " I want it to be a promise." Tenchi  
looked at Ryoko with a puzzled look. "I want you to promise that you'll make it through  
this with me." She said. Tears where slowly streaming down her eyes. Tenchi couldn't  
help but embrace her. He put his arm around his love.
	"I promise," He began. "I will never leave you Ryoko." And with that Tenchi  
leaned over and Kissed Ryoko. This was Tenchi's first kiss, First real kiss anyway.   
Tenchi was suprised, but he got the hang of it.  Tenchi pulled away.  "Ryoko, I Love  
you." The Prince said.
	"I love you to, My Tenchi." The Pirate said. They continued to hold each other, as  
if to never let go.

	"Well, if it isn't the Emperor of Jurai." Kagato began. "How are things." Kagato  
was sitting on his throne when he received a call from the Emperor himself.  
	"Kagato," The Emperor began. "I'm here to issue our surrender." Kagato's grin  
grew three inches.  
	"Good.  I'm glad we finally see eye to eye." Kagato said. The Emperor continued.
	"I will send a ship in the next 24 hours.  It will contain the Juraian Diplomatic  
leaders, as well as the artifacts asked." Kagato got out of his throne and walked closer to  
the screen.
	"Good." The Tyrant began. "The countdown will resume until the ship arrives.   
Thank you for your hospitality, your Highness."  The Trans mission cut off, and Kagato  
turned around.  "Those fools." He said. "I can't believe Yosho is still alive, I thought he'd  
croak sooner or later."  Just then, D walked in carrying Tsunami. "Put her down D."  
Kagato said.
	"Yes, Master Kagato."  D said. The Android placed the Goddess on the floor of  
the throne room. Kagato walked over to the Goddess and grabbed her by the throat.
	"Tsunami, I think its time we got to work." He said. "I want you to pinpoint were  
the Jurai Key is located.  Even if you aren't hooked up to the Soja, I can still kill the  
useless lambs on that planet, your flock. Do it now." A holo map appeared in the center  
of the room.  Tsunami had no choice but to show were it was. She stood up and walked to  
where the Jurai Family Memorial was located 500 iles from the Capital.  Kagato looked  
at the Map as Tsunami stopped her walk. "So, it's in a Cemetery." The Tyrant said.  
"Interesting.  I'll wait for the fools to show up.  I will show that boy once and for all that I  
am the Supreme Being and he is nothing but a pathetic weakling." Kagato motioned to D.  
"D, take her back to her holding chambers." The Android bowed.
	"Yes master Kagato." She said. D picked up Tsunami and Teleported them to the  
Holding cell. As D placed the Goddess in her confining tube, she heard a voice.
	"Why do you let him do this to you." The voice said. D looked around to find the  
source but found nothing. She then looked at Tsunami. D was suprised to find that  
Tsunami could talk Telepathically.
	"I am programmed to follow my masters order, nothing more." The android sadly  
said. Tsunami looked at D squarely at the eye.
	"Is that why you cry." D jumped back, suprised by the question. D lowered her  
head in shame.  
"How do you know." The android asked. Tsunami lifted a weak arm and caressed  
the Droid's cheek.
	"I am Tsunami." The Goddess began. "I am the Guardian of the Guardian Trees.   
I can read your thoughts.  Biomechanic androids are so close to human yet so far away.  I  
also know that you are doing this for your father, the man who made you." D nodded.
	"Yes, Kagato said that if I help him, I can find my Father.  My Father went on a  
trip so many years ago and never came back." Tsunami shook her head to the answer.
	"He didn't go on a trip." The goddess said. She was now speaking with her  
mouth. He speech abilities returned. D looked at Tsunami with a very suprised look.  
"What are you saying." The android asked. Tsunami closed her eyes.
	"I'm saying, that your father, is dead." D began to cry. She fell to her knees and  
cried her heart out.
	"How can that be? Who did it?" the android asked.  
	"I think you should ask the man you call master for that answer." Tsunami said,  
and with that, the Goddess fell asleep.

"Do you think it worked, Miss Washu." Kyone asked. Washu got out of her seat.
	"I'm not sure," The Genius said. "The only way to tell is if we don't get attached  
by him when we get there." Tenchi nodded.
	"Good." Tenchi said.  Tenchi and Ryoko had left their room earlier, so as not to  
cause suspicion.  They want their love to be a secret until this is over. But Tenchi and  
Ryoko were making a lot of eye contact; this was unsettling for Ayeka. Martel was  
excited.  
	"Ok, lets go kick some ass!" Martel said. He shouted as he threw his arm into the  
air.
	"YEAH!" Sasami yelled. Kyone nodded.
	"You heard him Mihoshi," Kyone said. "Full power, we need to circle around  
Jurai to make it look we're coming from Jurai." Sasami sat in her chair.
	"23 hours till the meeting," Sasami began. "I hope Tsunami is ok." Washu sat up  
and put a hand the Princesses shoulder.
	"I'm sure she is." Washu said. She winked at the Princess, to asure her. Martel  
looked at the group.  He'd only been with them for a day and he was really getting  
attached to them. Especially Princess Ayeka.  Martel didn't know about the others, but he  
really liked Ayeka.  She was his type.  Strong yet elegant.  Willing to fight.  He envied  
her.  He also envied Tenchi.   
"I'm going to go to the cargo bay, practice my sword Play," Martel said as he got  
up. What do you think Tenchi? Want to train?" Tenchi sat up and nodded.
	"I'm on my way."

	An hour later, Tenchi and Martel had made it to the Cargo bay. "And Begin!"  
Tenchi yelled.  Tenchi and Martel both had Bokkens and lunged at each other. Tenchi  
went for His left and Martel blocked it. Then again and again.  Martel was blocking every  
shot.  He's good, tenchi thought.  Martel finally began his assault.  Tenchi used his  
bokken to block left, then right, then again and again.  Martel couldn't believe such a  
backwater farm boy could use such attacks, but he is the crown prince of jurai.  Little did  
they know, both Ryoko and Washu were watching the fight.  Washu was surprised that  
her son had such skill.  Ryoko just wanted to get Tenchi.  The boys continued they're  
sparring for quite some time.  Tenchi managed to fake to the left and then the right and  
caught Martel off guard.  With a stroke of his wrist, Martel flew into the wall.
	"Where the hell did you learn that." Martel said, a little dazed. Tenchi gave Martel  
a surprise smile.
	"You'd be suprised what you can learn from books." Tenchi said. Martel began to  
stand up as he leveled himself on the wall.
	"You got to be kidding?" The Hunter said. "Books?  I learned my skills from  
practice, not reading." Tenchi walked over to Martel to help him up.
	"Who said anything about reading." Tenchi said. "Grampa forced me to train with  
a pile of books balanced in my head, and let me tell you, Encyclopedias can hurt." Both  
Tenchi and Martel began to laugh uncontrollably until they were disturbed by the sound  
of clapping hands.
	"Bravo, Bravo." it was Washu and Ryoko. Ryoko ran and hugged Tenchi.
	"You were great Tenchi." Ryoko said. Tenchi returned the Embrace.
	"Thanks Ryoko."  And then, right in front of Martel and Washu, they kissed.   
Martel was shocked.  He thought Tenchi was with Ayeka.  He couldn't believe that the  
prince Tenchi was with the Space Pirate Ryoko.  Washu didn't care.  She knew it all  
along. (Psychic Link)   
	"Um...Tenchi?"  Martel asked. Tenchi finally let go of Ryoko and looked at  
Martel.
	"What is it."  Then Tenchi remembered what he just did.  His eyes went wide and  
he looked back at a bashful Ryoko.  "Ah, nuts.  There goes the secret." The Prince yelled.
	"Let me guess." Martel began. "You two just got together and you arent going to  
tell the others as a way of not Depressing or hurting the girls before this mission, huh?"  
Washu took her index fingure and laced the tip of it on her nose.
	"On the nose," Washu said. Martel looked over at his mother.
	"You were in on this, Mom?" the confused Hunter asked.
	"Well of course." Washu said. "This is also a good thing for you Martel."  Tenchi  
and Ryoko looked at Washu with confusion from her statement.
	"What do you mean?" Martel asked, he was slightly sweating.
	"I mean that you have the hots for Ayeka." Washu said. Tenchi and Ryoko's eyes  
buldged to their maximum proficiency.
	"What," Ryoko began. "You've got to be kidding, Washu." The Genious shook  
her head.
"Nope, your brother has a thing for Juraian Princesses." Washu said. Martel was  
deeply blushing. Tenchi let out a sigh of relief.
	"Well that makes me feel better." Tenchi said. Ryoko looked at Tenchi with a  
confused look.
	"What do you mean, My Tenchi?" the space pirate asked. Tenchi turned to his  
love.
	"I was afraid that I was going to break Ayeka's heart." He began. "This means that  
if I were to break the news to her, then she can have Martel's shoulder to cry on." Martel  
jumped infront of Tenchi.
	"What!?  Hold on, Tenchi." The Hunter yelled.  "I'm not that sure of myself when  
it comes to women like you are." Tenchi stared at him wide eyed.   
"Woe woe woe." The Prince began. "I've always been shy with women.  Just ask  
Ryoko.  I'm still shy even with Ryoko." Martel looked at Ryoko.
	"Its true." Ryoko said, nodding. "We didn't just speak our love for each other  
until 5 hours ago."
	"Damn." was all Martel said.

	D was in her room.  Thinking was the only thing that the android could do. Her  
Raven hair was shining as she was under the light of her room.  Maybe she's right, D  
thought.  Maybe I should confront Kagato, but his power is too much.  I would be burnt  
to a cinder if I confronted him.  There is one thing I must do.  I must warn Yosho before  
it's too late.  When his ship gets here, I'll teleport to it and warn them.  That way, I can  
save them and help them fight Kagato.  D, filled with purpose, teleported to Tsunami's  
room. The Goddess looked supprised as she appeared. "You've Decided, D." the blue  
haird goddess asked.
	"Yes, I'm going to help Yosho fight Kagato and warn him of his trap." D said.  
Tsunami smiled.
	"Good.  They could use your power." The Tree Guardian siad. "You must wait for  
your time to act, as I'll wait for mine.  Kagato will pay for what he's done.  My guardian  
Warrior is coming.  He's with Yosho.  He will fight for the Universe once more." D  
looked at the Goddess with a confused look. Guardian warrior, D thought. What the hell  
is that.
	"Who is he?" D asked. Tsunami smiled and layed back in her tube.
	"The boy who can generate the light Hawk Wings." She began. "Tenchi Masaki,  
It's all up to him." D smiled.  
"I hope so too." Was all the Android said.

	"There it is!" Kyone said. The Soja was the biggest thing the Galaxy Police  
member ever saw in her life.  It was bigger then the Galaxy Police Station.  And also  
more powerful.  The Yagami was now disguised as a Juraian Diplomatic Shuttle and was  
almost there.  The gang was dressed in full combat gear.  Tenchi now wore the blue outfit  
he wore when he fought Kain for his mother.  Ryoko's outfit looked slightly different  
because of the power of her jems.  Martel was in an outfit worn by high-ranking Juraian  
Hunters.  He had Juraian black strips on his face and carried a blaster and a Beamsaber.   
Kyone was dressed in the New Galaxy Police combat battle suit. It looked like the one  
mihoshi wore but the color was blue with red strips. Ayeka wore her standerd battle suit.   
They were ready. The ship came close to the Soja when a transmission came in.
	"To the Juraian ship, stand down now!"  It was the Juraian Millitary.  "I repeat,  
stand down now.  You're going on a suicide mission." Ayeka got out of her seat and  
walked to the comm.
	"Give me that." Ayeka said. "I am Princess Ayeka of the Juraian Royal Family.   
You will let us pass or face the wrath of my father. You got it!" This immediately shut  
the man up.
	"Yes ma'am." The Military officer said and disconnected the broadcast. Ryoko  
was amused.
	"Just like the Princess you are." The Pirate began. "Getting everything you want."  
Ayeka snapped back at Ryoko.
	"What Was That Ryoko!!" Tenchi leaped out of his seat to stop the confrontation.
	"Calm Down Girls," The Prince yelled, panic was in his voice. "We have more  
important things to think about. Remember."
	"Sorry Tenchi." The Girls said in Unison. Tenchi sat back in his chair.
	"Good." Was all he said.

	Their almost here, D thought as she looked out the view port.  I'm going to avenge  
my Father.  Kagato, you are a very bad man.  Its time to finally act on my own.  And with  
that, D Teleported.  Little did she know, was that Kagato was watching from the main  
throne room.  He knew his D would be Traitorous.  It's all apart of his plan.

	"Who the hell are you!?" Ryoko said as she drew her energy sword at the  
newcomer. She saw a raven haired woman with a battle suit similar to Ryoko's, except it  
was blue instead of Red.
	"My name is D," The Woman began. "I am an Android. I was working for Kagato  
but I broke away from him.  I'm here to warn you." Tenchi got up and approached the  
android.
	"Of what?" Tenchi asked. D looked at Tenchi.
	"Kagato knows who you are.  He knows your whole plan." Mihoshi went frantic.
	"That's it, the jig is up." Mihoshi said. "We're doomed." Washu got out of her  
chair and approached the main control consule.
	"Not quite." Washu began. "We continue as planned."  Kyone looked at Washu  
with a questioning glance.
	"How?" the teal haired Detective asked. Washu looked over at Ryoko.
	"Ryoko?" Washu said.  It took Ryoko less then a second to figure out what her  
mother meant.

	The Yagami docked just as it was planned and Washu could see Kagato out of the  
View port.  But it wasn't just Kagato.  He had about 100 Android Stormtroopers Pointing  
their Rifles at the ship.  "You are completely surrounded. Give up!"  Kagato said.  "If you  
don't give up, I'll illuminate you all."  This was it.   
	"Activate the Shield." Washu said. All of a sudden, the Yagami began to glow  
with a large shield.   
	"That's a subspace energy field." Kagato said. "I knew Washu was with them but  
I didn't think she could generate it with the power a GP Cruiser can generate. That's IT,  
ALL UNITS, OPEN FIRE!!" The troopers began to fire at the Shield. Kagato knew  
Subspace shields took a lot of energy to generate.  Soon he would be victorious.
	"Its Working", Kyone Said. As she watched the droids fire. "This is a great Idea,  
Creating a Diversion like this."
	"Of Course it is." Washu Gloated. "I truly am a Genius, aren't I. lets just hope  
Gold Team and Blue Team are successful."
		
	Using their Teleporting Powers, D and Ryoko teleported with Tenchi, Martel, and  
Ayeka into the Ships Main Power Generator.  It was the Same Room where Tsunami's  
Capsule was kept. It was also the largest room on the ship. "Tsunami should be around  
here somewhere." D said. The gang looked around the spacious room.
	"There she is." Tenchi yelled and began to run over to the Tube. In the Tube was  
an asleep Tsunami. "Tsunami, Are you all right?" Tenchi yelled as he banged on the  
glass. D opened the capsule and found a very exhausted Tsunami. "Tsunami?"
	"Lets go Tenchi!" Ayeka yelled. Tenchi looked at Tsunami, Something wasn't  
right.  Something was very wrong.  Tsunami opened her eyes and looked at Tenchi.   
Tenchi stared at her eyes and something.  A group of numbers ticking down.  
"Oh God!" Tenchi said. Ryoko ran over to Tenchi.
	"What is it Tenchi!?" Ryoko asked. Tenchi dropped Tsunami and Grabbed Ryoko  
as he began to run.
	"We've got to get out of here," Tenchi yelled. "THE WHOLE SHIP IS GOING  
TO BLOW!!"

	Kyone was getting impatiant. "It's getting late," Kyone said. She looked over at  
Washu. "Where are they Washu?" The Genius shook her head.
	"I don't know." She said. "We cant sit like this, we have to start firing back."  
Kyone turned to the Gunner station.
	"Ok, but I'm aiming for Kagato." She said. The Yagami's Cannons started to  
move.  Kyone got a perfect shot on Kagato and Fired.  The blast went right through him.  
"What the Hell!?" Washu saw what happened and Gasped.
	"Oh No! A HOLOGRAM!!" Washu then got the message from Ryoko.  The  
entire ship was a whole trap.  D was right, but she didn't know about this.  "Damnit Get  
out of there!!!" just then The gang teleported onto the Yagami.
	"That was fast." Mihoshi said.
	"No time For Talk, MOVE!!" Ryoko said.  The Yagami's cannons aimed at the  
docking bay entrance and fire, making a big Hole. "Lets get our Asses out of here!!!"

	Kagato watched, as his ship became a memory. The explosion was magnificent.  
Rivaling that of a small planet. In his arms was the unconious Tsunami. His Key.  His  
key to the Key.  That's all that was important know.  He was outside of the Memorial  
Cemetery, and below it was his prize.  The power of the Cosmos.  The power that could  
rival Tokimi's.  Correction.  A power that could surpass all rival powers.  The ultimate  
power. And it was his, and there was nothing anybody could do about it.  His enemies are  
dead.  He is now the King of the Universe!!

The Yagami was dented and Scratched, but it was still flyable "Damn," Ryoko  
said. "That was to close." Washu sat in her chair and folded her arms.
	"So," Washu began. "Kagato planned on taking us all out in one swift attack.  A  
blitzkrieg attack." Ayeka sat up.
	"Now we have no idea what to do." Ayeka said.
	"I know were he is." The gang looked over at the android.  "I know were Kagato  
is."
	"Where is he, D?" Tenchi asked. D closed her eyes as she remembered the spot on  
the map.
	"The Juraian Memorial." D began. "500 iles from the Capitol. Washu jumped out  
of her chair.
	"He's going after the Jurai Key!!" Washu said. "We have to stop him, know!!"
	"Right." Kyone said. And with that, Kyone piloted the Yagami into Jurai's  
atmosphere.

This is great, Kagato said.  The fruits of victory are always rewarding.  In his  
arms lay an unconious Tsunami.  The Key to the Key.  Kagato walked with Tsunami in  
his arms down the long fight of stairs to his destination. He had been here before, a long  
time ago.  When Ryoko first attacked Jurai, he had made his way here.  It wasn't the trek  
through the corridor that was his problem, it was the lock.  Kagato stopped as he came to  
the Tsunami Lock.  Just like he had left it, all those centuries ago.  Next to the lock was a  
large tube.  Similar to the one that Tsunami was being held in earlier.  Kagato opened the  
Tube and placed Tsunami inside.  At first, nothing.  But then a light emanated from the  
door, and it opened.  He then picked up Tsunami once more and continued.  Kagato came  
to a very large room.  Just slightly larger then his former throne room on the Soja.   
Kagato placed Tsunami next to a pillar and looked into the center of the room. There it  
was, his prize.  The Jurai Key. The Jurai Key was the size of a gauntlet.  In fact it was a  
Gauntlet. The Key fraise is because it is the Key of power, great power.  The ability to  
destroy and create with a mer whisper, at his command.  The ability to bend reality with a  
flick of his wrist.  The Power to control the Universe. The Power of immortality.
	Tsunami began to regain consciousness when she saw it.  It had been over a  
millennia since she last say the Key.  It still scared her.  The thought of a madman like  
Kagato obtaining the Key is one that can cause a century of nightmares.
	Kagato turned around and saw Tsunami awake.  He gave a small laugh and said,  
"how does it feel, Tsunami?  How does it feel to see all your work turned to dust.  Your  
guardian is dead, Your planet will be destroyed, and your mortal enemy has just attained  
the greatest power of all time."
	"Kagato Stop!!" The Goddess yelled. "You don't know what will happen if you  
put that thing on."
	"Ah, but I do know.  And I can't wait one more second." And with that Kagato  
took the Key of its Place of resting and put it on.  He could feel the power surging  
through his veins.  His brain swarmed with the knowledge of the Cosmos.  His eyes glow  
with a bright Red with power.  Soon, the whole room started to glow with the power he  
was giving of.  Tsunami put up a Single Lighthawk Wing for protection. Kagato's  
Muscles Clenched with power as he let out a great howl.

Tenchi saw it as the great pillar of fire erupted from the ground.  Everybody  
ducked for cover just in time as it shot into the heavens.  The ground began to quake as  
He heard the Scream. They were too late.  Kagato was the victor.  He won the Battle.   
And as Tenchi stood there a spoke a silent prayer to his dead Mother, he swore that  
Kagato would lose the War. "Its incredible!!"  Tenchi heard Washu say.  "The power  
Levels are of the Scale!!  It's as if Kagato has just become a god!!"

	Asuza watched the pillar shoot into the sky as his palace shook.  He, along with  
every one else near him, was awe struck.  It was the most incredible thing he had ever  
scene, and also the most evil.  The Pillar was like an old Earth Babylonian Tower,  
stretching into the sky as if to throw God himself from his throne.   

Mayuka was at her aunt's house, but she could sense the energy.  She stared at the  
Sky as a small fireball lit it up.  The power was evil, Mayuka could sense it.  She also  
knew that her daddy was there to and she began to cry.  She knew that her daddy couldn't  
beat back such a force.  It was just too strong.  But she also felt something familiar.   
Something in her blood told her it was from Jurai. She was standing outside and a limb  
fell of a Tree.  She looked at the limb and knew it was a bad omen.  Something was going  
to happen, something that could change the very universe forever.

Kagato finally stopped his display of power as he gained control.  He looked at  
his hand with the Key.  It was know imbedded in his body.  A Sacred power that no one  
can take from him.  He was the master know.  He looked over at the Trembling Tsunami.   
She was scared out of her wits; Kagato knew that and smiled.  He had the power to make  
Goddesses Tremble.  "I see you don't like my knew power. That makes me sad.  I don't  
want to be sad." And with that Kagato raised his arm and pointed his open palm at  
Tsunami.  "And know its time for you to die."
	"Not So Fast Kagato!!"  Kagato turned around to see who would dare speak to a  
god
Like that.  It was the Boy.  Tenchi and his gang were still alive, and with them was D.
	"How many Times do I have to kill you?" Kagato said.
	"I won't die," Tenchi began, "As long as you still live."
	"Very well then, if you're going to be stubborn about it."  Kagato pointed his arm  
at Tenchi and fired.   
	"Get down!" Tenchi yelled as he dogged the blast.   
	"Damn you Kagato!!" Ryoko yelled as she activated her full powered sword.   
Ryoko flew into the room and tried to flank Kagato but she ran into his energy shield.
	"You people are pathetic. If Its going to be this hard to kill you then I'll have to  
make it easy." Kagato raised both of his hands and energy began to shoot out all over the  
room.  Everybody was in pain as this evil energy coursed throughout their bodies.   
Tenchi tried to get up but he couldn't move, he was pinned. Ryoko tried her hardest to no  
evail.  Martel was protecting the Princesses and Tsunami from the energy. Kagato was  
very happy as he watched his nemesis roll around in pain.   
	Tenchi couldn't help it, His forehead began to glow in the Tri Shape and his  
wings appeared.  Tenchi used his wings to transform and ignited The Light Hawk Sword.  
"So, You still want to play. Then take this!"  Kagato shot an energy blast at tenchi.  
Tenchi his wings to protect himself as a new pain shot through his body. The Beam  
stopped and Tenchi managed to rush Kagato.
	"YYYYAAAAHHH!!!" Tenchi yelled as he brought down his blade.  Kagato just  
grabbed it and lifted Tenchi.   
	"I've been waiting for this for a long time.  I'm going to make you pay."  Kagato  
opened an energy Nexus with his newfound powers.  "Death is to good for you Tenchi  
Masaki.  I'm going to send you to oblivion."  And with that, Kagato Hurled Tenchi  
through the Nexus.
	"Ryoko!!" Tenchi yelled.  Ryoko watched helpless to save her love has he was  
thrown into the Nexus and out of her life. Ryoko couldn't believe he was gone.  But he  
was.  She looked at Kagato through her Tear soaked eyes.  Her face a mixed expression  
of rage, loss, and Suffering.  She had new found determination as she stood up in the  
electrical Field.  Her Gems glowing a bright red and Blue as she stared at Kagato.
	"Kagato!!"  That was enough to gain his attention.  He looked at his former  
puppet with an Evil smile.  Ryoko couldnt take it anymore. As her tears streamed down  
her face, she screamed the name of the man she loved.   
"TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTEEEEEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNNNNNNNCCCCCCCCCCCH
HHHHHHHHHHIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!!"  Her scream echoed throughout the Entire  
universe.  Ryoko began to stand, resisting the pain coursing throughout her body. Her  
Jems began to glow a great bright blue, and then, Six Light Hawk Wings appeared infront  
of her.  Kagato was amazed. And Scared
	"That's impossible.  Tenchi is Gone and Tsunami is weak, how could you  
generate such power!?" Ryoko didn't answer.  Her outfit began to change into one similar  
to Tenchi's and she drew a light Hawk Sword.  In her left hand was her regular Energy  
Sword. In her right, the Light Hawk Sword.  She looked at Kagato and all The Rage and  
hatred she had for him magnified by a thousand.  She Flew at Kagato full speed and with  
one swift motion, Brought both Blades into Kagato's flesh.  He did not disappear like last  
time.  This time, he began to bleed.  He wasn't a god, he was mortal.  She took both  
blades and sliced him in half.  The energy shield secede as Ryoko stared at the still  
moving upper half of Kagato.  His face covered in Fear.  He knew he wasn't going to  
make it through this one.
	"Why?" Ryoko asked the still moving torso.  "Why did you do it.  Where is  
Tenchi!!" Kagato looked at Ryoko with that same grin.  He knew he was going to die.   
He wasn't going to answer.  
	"So," Kagato said."You do have a Heart." Ryoko Raised the light hawk Sword  
high.  
	"HHEEYYAA!!" She shouted and sliced of Kagatos Head. Ryoko returned to her  
normal uniform as the wings lost their power. Everybody watched as the space pirate ran  
to the wall where the portal was. She kneeled down and started to bang on the wall.  Her  
eyes gushing like open dams. She yelled Tenchi's name every time she hit the wall.  The  
rest of the girls began to cry.  Martel lowered his head and began to say a silent prayer, as  
did Yosho. Washu walked over to her Ryoko and begun to comfort her.   
	"Its ok, Ryoko." Washu said as she comforted her daughter. "Just let it all come  
out. Its ok."


To Be Continued.

Next Episode: The Search for Tenchi

Email (Nexodus@msn.com)
