I don't own Tenchi. Pioneer does
Previously, Ryoko found Tenchi and they both returned to earth, finally in piece.




Tenchi Muyo
Dreams Within Dreams
Episode 5
Looking into an Evil Mirror  
By Nexodus




"A good night's rest'll do you a lot of good. Besides, you got nothing to worry about: the  
walls of Jericho will protect you from the big bad wolf."  
It happened one Night

		




	The young boy looked at the outside of his home. He was home. He couldn't  
believe it, but there it was. That young boy was Tenchi Masaki. In a fantastic battle with  
the evil Kagato, Tenchi was thrown into an energy nexus. At the other end of that Nexus  
was a fiery planet that represented Hell in all of its manifestations. Tenchi fought many  
demons, the incredible heat, and a dark evil named Durant. But now he was home.  
Rescued by his one and only love, Ryoko. He looked to his left and saw the silver hared  
pirate. The pirate that stole his heart. To his right, was the goddess that he swore to  
protect Tsunami. No longer a part of Sasami, she is free from her restraints. And to his far  
right was his daughter. A girl who was created through DNA cloning which combined his  
hair and the hair of a demon. Her name was Mayuka. These three girls traveled many  
light years to find him, and he could never repay them. He looked at his house again.  
Wont everybody be surprised, Tenchi thought. I bet they thought that I was a goner, but  
I'm back. Tenchi looked at Ryoko. She smiled back at him as they held hands. They  
started the trek to the back door.   

	Sasami was preparing lunch. She tried to keep herself busy since Tenchi  
disappeared, but she was getting very exhausted. Ryoko, Mayuka, Tsunami, and Ryo-Oki  
had disappeared into outer space hoping to find Tenchi. Since then, Ayeka and Martel  
have gotten very close. It was scary the way they keep flirting with each other. Sasami  
swore that it wasn't healthy. Kyone and Mihoshi were coming back that night so Sasami  
was cooking more then usual. Nobiyuki was helping Sasami with some of the Vegetable  
cutting so she wouldn't be over worked. Meanwhile, Ayeka and Martel were watching  
some sort of Soap opera. Ayeka had come to turms with the tragic lose of Tenchi. She  
was now stronger now that she had overcome the depression. Next to her was the new  
man she had eyes for, Martel. He was just a tall, dark stranger that happened to walk into  
her life. She was very grateful that he was there for her. She still loved Tenchi, and if he  
walked through that very door that instant, she would still jump all over him and smother  
him with hugs and kisses. During the last month, Martel had helped her in many ways.  
He comforted her in her times of sadness. He told jokes to make her feel better and he  
told her stories of his many adventures. She knew what had happened. She had fallen in  
love with the Hunter, but She had also fallen in love with a prince. What A dilemma.  
Ayeka and Martel watched the screen when an exhausted Washu stepped out of her lab.  
She had been working none stop on D. Converting her Metallic parts into organic. She  
was lucky that she had some Masses DNA, or she would have had some serious problems  
with the conversation. Washu sat next to her son and began to watch the soap. The three  
were so immersed in the show that they didn't notice the sliding glass door open. "I'm  
home." The three froze that very instant as if they had just heard a ghost. At the same  
time, the Tree turned their heads and saw a man who looked exactly like Tenchi Masaki,  
except with an unshaven face, wrinkled hair, and some bandages on his arms. Ayeka was  
the first to speak.
	"Tenchi?" Ayeka asked. A tear silently slid down her cheek.  
	"Is that Really you?" Martel asked. He hadn't known Tenchi for long, but he  
knew who he was. He considered him a friend. Washu looked at Tenchi with a smile.  
Tenchi smiled at them all, a tear falling down his face. He truly was home.  
	"Its me." He said, slightly sobbing. Smiles quickly grew over everybody's faces  
as the quickly got out off the couch to give him a hug. Sasami was cooking Miso Soup  
when she heard that familiar voice. She stopped what she was doing and ran to the door.  
Nobiyuki wasn't far behind. Sasami opened the door and saw the happy sight. Washu and  
Ayeka were hugging the life out of Tenchi. Ryoko, Tsunami, Ryo-Oki, and Mayuka just  
walked inside. Washu took a break off of Hugging Tenchi and walked over to Ryoko.  
	"You brought him back. Thank you." Washu said. Ryoko looked at Washu.
"I promised you I'd bring him back." Ryoko said. Tenchi was getting crushed to  
death by all these displays of Emotion. He finally passed out due to lack of air. When  
Tenchi caught his breath, he was met with a ton of questions. Where were you? What  
happened? How did Ryoko find you? Are you Ok? Tenchi had time to answer them all.  
That night at the dinner table, Tenchi told his amazing story. His battles against the  
demons of a desert planet. His friendship to a young boy named Ten that died in his arms.  
He also talked about his battle with the Tyrant Durant. And then he told them of his  
heart-warming story of how Ryoko found him. Ayeka, for the first time in her life,  
thanked Ryoko and the two got along. But, Tenchi wasn't the only thing that they fought  
over. They had a friendship that lasted a record-breaking 10 seconds. Sasami was loving  
Tenchi's story and Martel applauded Tenchi's Courage. Later that night, Mihoshi and  
Kyone arrived and were startled that Tenchi was alive. They gave him hugs and asked the  
aforementioned questions. Nobiyuki phoned Tenchi's Grandfather about the good news.  
Lord Katsuhito then proceeded to take his holy hand grenade and blowith Tenchi's  
Tombstone into tiny bits, in thy mercy.  It was a great evening full of stories and  
questions, but those will have to wait for another time. Tenchi is home.

Tenchi awoke from a new dream. His mother had congratulated him on his  
Relationship with Ryoko and making his way home. Why he was still having dreams of  
his mother was odd. The universe wasn't in any danger. Jurai had returned to normal  
from its chaotic state. They've decided to keep Tenchi's star still named after him.  
Tenchi's status on Earth is ok, cause his lazy father hadn't signed Tenchi's Death  
Certificate. The Dream of Blood and death still haunted him. He had no idea what it  
meant, it scared him.
On this day of days, marks the one year anniversary of the School explosion, and  
know it was rebuilt. Today was Tenchi's first School day. As he sat out of bed, he looked  
at the futon next to him. Ryoko slept like a cat. Tenchi decided not disturb her, so he  
snuck out of his room and got dressed for school in the bathroom. Tenchi was about to  
leave for school when two powerful arms circled his chest and hugged him. "Ryoko, I  
don't have time for this, I'm going to be late for school." Ryoko turned Tenchi around in  
her arms so that he faced her. Tenchi took one look at Ryoko and noticed something very  
different about her. "Uh, Ryoko?"
"Yes Tenchi?" Ryoko asked.
"Why are you wearing a school uniform?" Ryoko was dressed in the standard  
Female Uniform for Tenchi's School. To her side was a same briefcase full of books.  
Ryoko looked at Tenchi with a smile.
"It was your dad's idea." Ryoko Began "He said I should spend more time with  
you so I enrolled at your school. I'm in your classes and every thing." Tenchi looked at  
Ryoko with a raised Eyebrow."
"Well, I guess its ok. Are you sure you can handle the school work?" Tenchi  
asked
"Sure I can." Ryoko said. "Lets go Tenchi. We can get there quicker if I just  
teleport us on the roof." Ryoko grabbed Tenchi before he could protest and they  
teleported onto the Schools roof. Tenchi looked around at where he was.  
"This is great." Tenchi said. "Now I can get to school 10 times as fast." I think  
this is going to be fun." Tenchi looked at Ryoko. Shall we go to class?"
"Lets go, My Tenchi."

 Tenchi sat in his usual seat as the new student orientation began. Ryoko was  
standing infront of the blackboard with her name wrighten in chalk just above her head.  
"Class," the Teacher said. "This is Ryoko. She will be joining us for the rest of the school  
year. You may take your seat now, miss. Ryoko."
"Yes ma'am." Ryoko walked over to her desk, conveniently located right next to  
Tenchi. The teacher began her lesson as Ryoko looked at Tenchi with a very sly smile.  
Tenchi had a super large sweat drop on his head. He tried to concentrate on what the  
Teacher was saying but it wouldn't work. One look at Ryoko's golden cat like eyes, and  
Tenchi was mesmerized. The Teacher caught on to this.
"Tenchi Masaki, Ryoko Hakubi," Ryoko and Tenchi stood up instantly. "Please  
pay attention or you will get detention. Do you understand?"
"Yes miss." They said.
"Good, take your seat." They sat down. Tenchi knew that this was the start of a  
very long semester.

Tenchi sat at his usual spot outside the school for lunch. Today, Ryoko was with  
him. He looked slightly angry, Ryoko thought. Tenchi was a little displeased at Ryoko's  
actions in the classroom. He decided to get it of his chest. "Ryoko." Tenchi began. "You  
know I love you. But I would really appreciate it if you wouldn't look at me like that  
during class." Ryoko looked hurt.
"But why Tenchi? Don't you want everybody to know about us?" Tenchi looked  
at the ground. He lifted his head and looked at Ryoko.
"You know I do." He began. "But I'd like to try to get work done in the class  
room. We don't have to avoid each other. I love to look at your Beautiful Eyes every day.  
I just don't want to get in trouble."  
"I understand." Ryoko said. "But you have to make it up to me every day after  
school." Tenchi sighed.
"Ok, what do you want to do." Tenchi asked.  
"Well, I heard that the new Outlaw Star movie is out so how about we catch it."  
Ryoko looked at Tenchi with massive puppydog eyes.
"OK," Tenchi began, "but we have to be home by 6:30, I've still got homework  
today. OK"
"OK Tenchi. It's a date." Ryoko said. She had a very big smile on her face.  
Tenchi sweatdropped. Why is it that I have a bad feeling about that phrase, He thought.

Ryoko was in a very happy, almost giddy mood when the final bell for class rang.  
She immediately grabbed Tenchi, and before he could protest, she teleported them to the  
down town movie district. Tenchi had just about no idea were he was until he looked  
around and noticed the signs. Ryoko looked at Tenchi with a happy and excited face.  
"Ryoko" Tenchi said
"What." Ryoko began. "You said that we were going to see the movie today after  
school, so here we are." Tenchi instantly had a giant sweat drop appear on his forhead.  
He couldn't argue with her this time. She was right. Tenchi decided to give in.  
"Oh, all right. I guess you got me. Lets go see the movie, but remember, we need  
to get home right after the movie."
"Sure thing Tenchi." And with that, Ryoko and Tenchi went to the movie. It was a  
good movie, taking place right after the series ended. Tenchi really enjoyed the movie.  
Outlaw Star had been a favorite of his for a long time. But Tenchi was really nervous  
during the whole film. Ryoko just kept grabbing his thigh. Ryoko also kept looking at  
Tenchi with very sly grins. He knew she was planning something. This made him crazy  
trying to ponder what it was. When they were in space, Tenchi had told her that he  
wanted to wait for when they get married before they do what couples normally do when  
hey are deeply in love. Ryoko agreed that it would be more special that way also. So  
Tenchi knew it wasn't that.  

Later that evening, Tenchi and Ryoko got home just in time for Tenchi to do his  
chores. The rest of the day went on like any other night in the Masaki house. After his  
chores, Tenchi decided to read a book in his room. Downstairs, he could hear the normal  
arguing of Ryoko and Ayeka. Martel, Kyone, and Tsunami trying to get them to stop.  
Sasami, Ryo-Oki, and Mayuka laughing with each other as they played some sort of  
game.  Mihoshi spacing out (It can get loud) and Washu yelling at everybody to quite  
down so she could tell them of her latest invention. All Tenchi could do was smile as he  
heard the ruckus from downstairs. He knew that everything was the way it should be. He  
truly was home, and with that, he fell asleep.

	Tenchi was in the wight zone, or the dreamworld that always started white. He  
decided to name it the wight zone after that. Tenchi didn't know why he was still having  
these dreams. His mother no longer appeared in them any more, and they where usually  
meant as a premonition, still it was driving Tenchi nuts. He just wanted to settle down  
with Ryoko and the rest of his odd family and live happily ever after. Fat chance. Tenchi  
wondered what it was this time. Kagato was really dead this time, and Tenchi was home  
now, what was the matter. He was also beginning to believe that the woman who  
appeared to be his mother wasn't her at all. He knew that his mother would never talk in  
riddles. Still, it was nice to know that he had overcome his fear of rejection, and now has  
a great relashionship with Ryoko. Tenchi owed the dreams that. Tenchi began to walk in  
any direction. There was no up or down in the white zone. There was also no law of  
gravity. It was a very strange place. Tenchi's walk seemed to last hours, but it was only a  
few minutes. As he continued, the room slowly turned dark. Dark and dark. He had no  
idea of what was going on. Suddenly, it was pitch black. And then, he fell. Out of no  
where, it was as if the floor just vanished. As he continued to fall, Tenchi tried to think of  
something to do. Some way to stop the long decent. And then, he landed. He was in some  
kind of field. Not another field, Tenchi thought. Suddenly out of no where, The girls  
appeared. They all looked like they have been impaled by some kind of weapon. Blood  
spread across the field. Tenchi then saw a lone standing figure. He was like a shadow,  
except, Tenchi could make out the suit he wore. It was a Jurain royal Battle Uniform,  
Similar to his own. Tenchi couldn't make out the facial features of the shadow. In its  
hands where two blades. One was a regular Juraian Battle sword, and the other was  
sword Tenchi. The Shadow suddenly raised his arm with his blade and charged Tenchi,  
and before Tenchi could react, he was skewered through the chest. As Tenchi stood there,  
he was shacked as the blood kept pouring from his chest. The Shadow pulled back its  
face, as if to correct it like a mask, and Tenchi was awestruck. It was him. Another  
Tenchi. This was the last thing Tenchi saw as he began to wake up.

Tenchi awoke to the sounds of laughter and the smell of good food. He looked at  
him self and noticed that he was sweating. What was that dream about, Tenchi thought.  
He sat up and rubbed his blood shot eyes so he could see his surroundings. It had been 1  
week since Ryoko began to go to school with him and it has been a very exhausting  
experience.  Ryoko was hanging on him, literally hanging on him, every were he went.  
He tried to ask her not to be all clingy when they were at school, but she wouldn't listen.  
After about 3 days of this, Tenchi gave up. He was suprised that she was bringing in A  
Grades. Maybe the thought that she is with Tenchi was a sort of enlightener to her,  
making her just as smart as her mother. But Tenchi decided not to think about it today.  
Today was a Weekend, and Tenchi could relax. That is, after all his chores are done and  
his normally scheduled training with his grandfather. He began to get out of bed when he  
noticed the sleeping figure on the Futon next to his bed. Tenchi marveled at the beautiful  
woman that lay there. Ryoko really is Cute when she's sleeping, Tenchi thought. He  
decided to let her have her rest, so Tenchi quietly snuke out of his bed and down the hall  
and out into his almost normal life.

Emperor Asuza sat in his private audience chambers, Very Nervous and sweaty.  
He was awaiting the arrival of the Chancellor of the New Republic of Veridia. The NRV  
was recently established after a revolution in the Veridian Quadrant, and Emperor Asuza  
wanted nothing but piece and trading from the New Republic. The NRV has already  
established itself as a powerful ally, for they sent aid to the Juraian Empire during the  
Kagato incident. Asuza was very busy going over the free trade agreement when the  
mighty doors to the room opened. One of Asuza's guards entered the room to announce  
the guest. "Your Majesty." The Guard began. "May I present to you, Chancellor Nimoy  
of the New Republic of Veridia." Asuza stood up and saw the Chancellor for the first  
time. A young but strongly built man, if he had ever seen one. The Chancellor wore robes  
very similar to the Juraians and he had long, red hair in a ponytail. Asuza spoke up.
"Chancellor Nimoy, What a pleasure it is to have you at our humble abode." The  
Chancellor walked slowly and sat down across from Asuza. Asuza did the same. Nimoy  
spoke up immediately.
"So, the Juraian Empire wishes to trade with us freely." Nimoy said. Asuza  
nodded to the claim.  
"We believe that it can improve both our mighty nations." Asuza said. Nimoy just  
crossed his arms, Asuza figured out right there that Nimoy was a very proud man that  
doesn't like to waste time with politics. Asuza continued. "Id would be very beneficiary."  
Nimoy nodded.
"I agree with you," He began. "But unfortunately, I must go. Our country has very  
pressing matters to attend to, so if you'll excuse me." And with that, Nimoy stood and  
started towards the door, and Asuza was offended. He had never been so insulted in his  
life. But he knew that he had to control his temper. He couldn't let his temper get the best  
of him during political matters. He might as well just wait.

Washu sat infront of her one of her control keypads, typing away. She was in her  
lab, and on the tables where the two who where the subjects of brain and body scans.  
They where Tsunami and Sasami. Washu looked over at the results of her scanning as the  
two women sat up. Tsunami was the first to ask. "Well, what do the results say, Washu?"  
Washu turned toward the girls, a smile on her face.
"Well," The Scientist began. "Apparently, due to your forced separation from  
Kagato, you can't reform into one. Also, because you are not whole, your powers are  
diminished." Washu looked over at Sasami. "Sasami, you are almost 100% you. You just  
can't communicate very well with Jurai Trees and you can't summon Light Hawk Wings  
anymore." Sasami pouted a little but raised and nodded her little head. Washu turned to  
Tsunami. "You on the other hand are mortal now." Tsunami's eyes widened. "You can  
only generate 6 Light Hawk Wings and you can't activate your ship form any more."  
Tsunami was speechless and sad. She lowered her head and a few tears streamed down  
her face. Sasami grabbed Tsunami's hand and the half-powered goddess smiled back.  
"Thanks for the tests, Miss Washu." Sasami said.
"Don't think about it." Washu said. "Just tell Ryoko to come to my lab sometime  
this week, I need to test her Light Hawk Wings." The Two Blue Hared Juraians nodded  
and left the lab.

A lone figure stood, bowed in front of his master. The two where the only  
inhabitance of a massive throne room. Filled with gold and great decorations. The master  
spoke. "So Agent N, that is your report?" The Agent in the center of the room nodded.
"Yes my lord, the object that you seek is on earth. It is in the hands of the Crown  
Prince of Jurai." The Agent looked to be about 6 foot tall, and was wearing a type of  
golden armor. His head, covered in a large helmet. The master wore a similar outfit, but it  
had a long flowing cape and a larger helmet. No facial features could be determined.
"Thank you, Agent N." The master began. "This information will come in handy.  
You are free to leave." The Agent felt appauled. His master was turning him away from a  
mission. He decided to interject.
"But my lord, what of the mission." Agent N said. The master shook his head.
"Don't worry. I've already selected a solder strong enough for the job." Agent N  
stood up.
"Who?" He asked in a somewhat calm voice.
"Jericho." Was all the master said. Agent N felt relieved.  
"Thank god." And he bowed to his master and left. The Master still sat in his  
mighty throne. He was pleased with his decision to send Jericho. He could get the job  
done, for he was the greatest assassin to ever travel the universe.

Tenchi sat at the table with the rest of the group. They were all discussing the  
current events and future plans, like every other afternoon. But the piece would be  
shattered thanks to a simple question. "So Ryoko," Darla began.  
Darla was once called D, an android assassin for the now dead Kagato, but thanks  
to the magic of Washu's science, she was completely reborn. She was now 100% organic  
and she no longer had a code name, but a real name. She still had the all the powers she  
once had and kept her past appearance. The only change to her appearance is that she  
now had emerald green eyes.  
Darla continued. "I hear you've been getting high marks in your studies. Is it  
true?" Every body looked over at Ryoko.
"Very true," Ryoko smiled back. "I'm getting A's in every subject." Ayeka  
looked displeased.
"If you can get A's in every subject, then the studies hear on earth must be graded  
on such curves that it would make Anna Nicole Smith look like Olive-Oil from Popeye."  
Ayeka said, angrily. Ryoko glared back at Ayeka, sparks emitting from her eyes at the  
Princess. Tenchi knew that if he didn't act, then he would have to get Washu to build him  
a new house. He calmly placed his hand in Ryoko's Hand. She immediately stopped and  
calmed down. (Authors note. I know that for 2 fanfics, Tenchi has been with Ryoko. But  
I have yet to have them tell the crew. Only Martel, Washu, Mayuka, and Tsunami knows  
that they are an item. The others obviously know that something is going on, but Ayeka.  
She still thinks that Tenchi is hers, even though she constantly flirts with Martel, she is  
completely oblivious to what is happening between them. Ayeka and Martel will have a  
story, but it is a side story, so don't be supprised when they truly end up together out of  
know where. That Series will be called "Dreams sidestory: A Hunters Tale. But I will  
leave now to continue the story.) She looked over at Tenchi and smiled. Ayeka saw this  
and fumed slowly, reaching a slow burst. Ryoko looked back at Ayeka.
"Listen Ayeka." She Began. "If you think that it is that easy, then you go to  
school." Ayeka stopped and silently thought to her self. What if? What if I go to school.  
It can't be hard if that demon can do so well. I'll do it, but not alone. Ayeka stood up and  
pointed at the Pirate.
"So be it." She exclaimed. "Starting Monday, I'll go to school." Ayeka grabbed  
an unsuspecting Martel by the collar and picked him up. "And so will Martel." Martel  
tried to interject while he tried to breathe as Ayeka stormingly walked out of the kitchen  
and out the back door. The gang just watched as the whole thing transpired wide eyed.  
Tsunami walked in carrying a large bag of groceries followed by Kyone holding another  
bag. The two stared at the group, wondering why they where just sitting there, staring at  
the door. The two looked around, trying to find the object of everybody's attention. But  
they decided that what ever it is, then lets just put it to rest.

A silent figure walked the streets of Tokyo. It was night and the figure was  
enjoying every minute of the cold, gentle, fall breeze through the metropolises sky. This  
figure was the man called Jericho. The Universes greatest Assassin. He breathed the  
autumn air in and held it for a split second, and then, he quickly released it. This was a  
place he could enjoy. A planet completely oblivious to his name and likeness, even  
though no man has ever seen the true face of Jericho and lived. Jericho was a copycat. He  
would steal the guise of his targets by copying their main features and even their  
memories. He has seen the lives of many people. And this time, it would be no different.  
He looked into the paper packet he held in his hands. His assignment. He looked over the  
orders closely, absorbing every written letter into his skull. It was a simple seek and  
destroy mission. Find the Space Pirate, Ryoko Hakubi. Seduce and kill. Obtain the sword  
Tenchi from Tenchi Masaki, prince of Jurai, and eliminate him. Simple orders for a  
complicated man. Jericho stopped and looked into a small compact mirror he kept so he  
could memorize his current face. He didn't wear a mask this time. Today, it was just his  
normal face. The Face of a young adult Juraian Male. With green eyes and short red hair.  
His real face. The one he's seen more then anybody else in the universe. He began to  
walk again, putting the mirror in his pocket. As he strolled down the street, he felt the  
texture of his face and decided what to do. "Time for a new face." He thought outloud.

Tenchi spent his early Monday morning with a Migraine the size of Tokyo. He  
was worried more then ever now. He could handle going to school with Ryoko, but now  
he had to deal with Ayeka and Martel.  He didn't care if Martel went to school with them,  
but if Ayeka and Ryoko are in the same room for more then an hour, then that room  
could be considered Ground Zero. That was the ultimate factor that scared Tenchi. To  
prevent any early morning catastrophes that morning, Tenchi decided to get Ryoko and  
get the hell out of there.
Tenchi, dressed in his school uniform, quietly snuck down the stares.  He didn't  
want to alert anybody of his presence. Ryoko was already dressed in her uniform and was  
having an early morning cup of coffee, or Sake, or what ever the hell she drinks in the  
morning. "Good morning Tenchi." Ryoko said with a smile on her face.  
"Good morning Ryoko." Tenchi said. He walked down the stares more casually  
now and he picked up his suitcase. Ryoko was allready holding her suitcase. Tenchi was  
almost relieved as he looked around and found that Ayeka wasn't up yet. But that sense  
soon left him as he heard Ayeka's door rush open. Before anybody could react, Tenchi  
made a dart, grabbed ahold of Ryoko and carried her of the premises and didn't stop until  
they were a mile away. Ryoko looked at Tenchi as he slowly caught his breath.
"What was that all about?" Ryoko asked Tenchi with an eyebrow raised. Tenchi  
couldn't answer; he had never been this out of breath in a long time. But some how, he  
managed to squeeze out a word or two.
"I just wanted to get a head start for the school today before Ayeka and Martel  
could." Tenchi said. He didn't want to hurt Ryoko's feelings that he really wanted to get  
her as far away from Ayeka so he wouldn't become fried Tenchi. Ryoko just blinked at  
what Tenchi said.
"If that's all," The space pirate began. "I could've just teleported us to school,  
Tenchi." Tenchi just slapped his head instantly. Now why didn't I think of that, Tenchi  
thought. He didn't have much chance to think anymore because all of a sudden he was in  
a Ryoko bear huge. "Come on Tenchi." Ryoko began. "Lets hurry, I want to see if Ayeka  
really does go to school today." Tenchi lowered his head in a massive sweatdrop. "This is  
going to be a long day, Was all Tenchi could think.

Jericho sat ontop of the roof of a building 3 blocks away from the school. He sat  
and stared at the roof of the building. This was the targets school, he thought. I thought it  
would be bigger. Jericho pulled out his view specs too get a closer look at the roof. He  
could see two people appear out of no where. Teleporting. He knew one of his targets  
could teleport, now he has visual confirmation. He zoomed in on the two to get a good  
look at them. Two high school students. One, a male, had his black hair tied back in a  
ponytail. His face had youth, but he could see a few small, undetectable wrinkles.  
Obviously caused by stress. The other, a woman, had her hair a somewhat of a spike, and  
it was Cyan. She had a few catlike features on her face. Jericho knew that he had  
acquired his targets. He put the view specs away and jumped of the roof. Jericho made  
his way slowly through a small crowd of students. He had no idea that there where so  
many going to the target's school. This could prove difficult for his mission, but Jericho  
decided to use this to his advantage.

The school Bell rang at nine in the morning. Tenchi and Ryoko looked around,  
wondering where Martel and Ayeka where. The fact that they where there brought a  
sense of ease to Tenchi's restless emotions. Suddenly, All the ease shattered when he  
heard the Princess's voice down the hall. "Come on Martel, We're late!!" Tenchi  
immediately duck under his desk, cousing the rest of the students to look at their class  
mate with raised eyebrows. But then, the loud crashing of a door broke the students  
attention from Tenchi as they saw two new students enter the room. One was a young  
woman with long purple Hair. The other was slightly taller then Tenchi and had slightly  
long, curly blonde in a ponytail. Tenchi already knew who they where. Suddenly, another  
new student walked through the door. Unlike Ayeka and Martel, Tenchi and Ryoko had  
no idea just who this guy was. He wore his red hair in a ponytail almost exactly the same  
as Tenchi's in length. The guy passed Ayeka and Martel both gracefully and slowly as he  
made his way to the front of the room. Tenchi and Ryoko immediately felt a nasty vibe  
from the guy, as did Ayeka and Martel. The three new students all stood in front of the  
black board, their names written in chalk above their heads. The teacher began to speak.  
"Class, we have three new students to introduce." He began. "The First is miss. Ayeka  
Jurai from Hokaido. The Second is a Mr. Martel Sham, who also is from Hokaido. The  
last is a Mr. Dago Jericho. He is from China." The teacher looked over at Jericho.  
"Interesting. Mr. Jericho did you know that your name is not Chinese?" The Teacher  
asked. Jericho smiled a dark grin as he surveyed the classroom.  
"Really?" He said in a dark, almost Drummond-esk Vegeta ascent. "It never  
crossed my mind." And with that, Jericho walked slowly over to the seat behind Tenchi.  
Tenchi began to slightly sweat. This guy was really making him nervous, same with  
Ryoko. Ayeka found a seat next to Ryoko and Martel took his behind Ayeka. Jericho just  
kept walking, slowly. He glared at Tenchi. Almost burning a hole through his soul if he  
could. He finally sat behind Tenchi. Everybody that was their could feel the tension from  
the two, As if it was electricity. The Teacher began his teachings and the students began  
their studying, but Tenchi was still nervous. He began to work in a moderate pace, but he  
couldn't shake the fact that Jericho was staring at him from behind. Tenchi looked into  
his watch to catch Jericho's reflection. Jericho was just minding his own business, taking  
notes from the teacher. Tenchi let out a sigh of relief that the man wasn't after him and  
went to work. (Don't Sigh Yet, Masaki) A voice invaded Tenchi's head and he sat up as  
if he was shot. Tenchi thought to himself, as if to try to talk to the owner of the voice.  
(Who are you? What do you want? Where are you?) Tenchi Thought. His eyes  
danced around the class, trying to find him.  
(Right behind you) The Voice said. It was Jericho. Tenchi began to sweat, but  
tried to both calm himself and continue taking notes. Jericho's Voice invaded his head  
again. (You wanted to know what I want, right?) He began. (Well, I'll tell you. I want  
your life.) Tenchi gulped, but tried desperately to stay calm.
(Why?) The Prince asked.
(There are some very powerful people who want you dead. And they're willing to  
pay me a freighter full of cash to off you and the girl next to you.) Tenchi's eyes  
widened. He looked over at Ryoko. She had calmed down from her earlier suspicions and  
was not working diligently. She was also in a note-taking race with Ayeka, because he  
could see that they both had their game faces on. Jericho continued. (When do you want  
to die Masaki? Here? On the Bus? In Space? Perhaps at your house in the mountains.  
Have you ever heard of somebody dying on the john? I can read the headlines now.  
Crown Prince found dead on john. Funny stuff. You didn't tell me when you wanted to  
die, Masaki. Tell me.) Tenchi tightened his neck and clenched his fists.
(How about never?) The Prince said. Jericho couldn't help but smile. The boy  
actually has a strong will, he thought to himself. But even the strongest can be bent.
(Your time will come soon, Masaki.) He began. (Very, Very soon.)

To Be Continued.

Next Episode: Breaking Down the Walls of Jericho

Nexodus@msn.com
