[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

ABSTRACT:

A seven-year span of one silly story after another about
that pesky ancient fortress in Tenchi's back yard.

I've only completed 3 of the 26 episodes I had planned for
this series, so it would really make my day if someone
wanted to write some of these.  All I ask is that you more
or less keep to the premise, and make the script about the
same run-length as the others.  If you'd like to discuss it
with me, I can be reached at mpfenton@hotmail.com

GUIDELINES:

I would like to offer some recommendations on how to handle
a prospective script for this series.

1)  No preachy, half-baked, Star Trek-style dialog.  Try to
keep dialog simple and on-point.

2)  No lemon.  All my material is strictly PG/PG-13.  Okay,
fine--you can do lemon, but just keep it in a separate
version.

3)  Strictly screenplay format.  I prefer scripts rather
than stories because they let you be more inventive with how
you present the story.

4)  No Washu or Washu stuff.  This means no Washu inventions
or sub-space laboratory in the broom closet.

5)  No TV-style farce.  If you do a slap-stick bit, make it
creative.  Try to avoid excessive clownish, verbal gags and
simplistic wackiness.  I like to focus on silly
coincidences.

6)  No warm-and-fuzzy romance.  This series should strictly
focus on tragic/ironic romance.

7)  See the notes below for more on writing the characters.

A DISCOURSE ON DIALOG:

I'm going to hammer away on this point, so please just humor
me.  Nothing kills a good story like a bad line.  If you
take the time to write a script, please don't flub up on the
dialog.  Here are some suggestions, if you don't already
know what I'm talking about:

1)  Never set out to educate.  This is the absolute worst
thing you can do.  Fiction is not didactic.

2)  Don't worry about what a reader might think of your
lines.  Their job is to be very open-minded and accept what
you think--not to judge.

3)  Never forget the details of your characters--their
intrinsic qualities and their motives.  What would they say?

4)  Draw from your own imagination and emotions.  Try to
appreciate what you are writing, then write it.  Visualize,
then dramatize.

There are many other suggestions I could offer, but these
are the most important.  Don't let yourself suffer from
writer's hypnosis--stay alert and creative.  That's the
easiest way to make sure you're having fun.

SCRIPT MECHANICS:

In case you weren't already aware, there is a simple art to
composing scenes.  CU (close-up) is for intimate details,
and other shots emphasize action or interaction.  EXT
(exterior) usually establishes where a shot occurs, and INT
(interior) establishes the shot itself.

You can usually get by on just that, but there are other
mechanisms you might keep in mind for special situations.

Pan and tilt is for turning the camera side-to-side or
up-down.  These emphasize a sense of transition or movement.
Another technique is called trucking--moving the camera
physically forward or backward.  Zoom in and out emphasize a
slight shift in the level of intimacy, and focus-in and out
emphasize a slight shift in the attention between foreground
and background.  A shoulder-shot is sometimes good for
interactions while characters are walking.

VO (voice-over) is for an aside, and OC (off-camera) is for
dialog or action you want to avoid viewing.

To emphasize an intense moment, you might do a quick
mechanic effect or an ECU.

Another effect is split-screen--an intense moment before a
big battle.  This is usually something you want for intense
irony.  Another way to use this is for a long-distance
dialog.

There are other effects--like wild distortions, pop-up
bubbles, goofy signs--but these can typically only distract
from the humor of situation comedy.  I usually reserve these
for silly linguistic gags.

A SHORT GLOSSARY OF TERMINOLOGY:

abstract:  no particular place (subject over blank)
backlight:  light from behind a subject
BCU:  big closeup (subject's face fills the screen)
BG:  background (not in the visual shot)
blackout:  abrupt fade to black
camera angle:  shoot from angle (narrow/wide, low/high)
close medium shot:  subject viewed from head to knees
CU:  closeup (full shot of subject, focus on head)
cut:  immediate change from one shot to the next
dissolve:  fade one shot gradually into the next
ECU/XCU:  extreme closeup (shot usually only showing eyes)
EXT:  exterior shot (outside)
fade in/out:  gradual change from black to scene/scene to
     black
fast motion:  speeded-up action shot
focus in/out:  change field of vision from back to
     front/front to back
freeze frame:  stop motion/single image held for a time
full frame:  subject viewed in full within the frame
FX:  special effects (usually redundant in anime)
head shot:  closeup, focused on the head of subject
hold:  sustained shot of a subject
INT:  interior shot (inside)
iris in/out:  gradual expanding/closing circle from/to black
long shot:  shot from a distance, usually wide angle
medium close shot:  subject viewed from head to chest
OC/OS:  off-camera, off-screen (not in visual shot)
pan:  turn the camera horizontally (side-to-side)
POV:  point-of-view (view from the perspective of subject)
shoulder shot:  camera at shoulder height (usually with
     tracking shot)
slo-mo:  slow motion (slowed-down action shot)
smash cut:  rough change from one shot to the next
split-screen:  showing two scenes at once
tilt:  turning the camera vertically (up/down)
titles:  text on screen
tracking shot:  camera moves with action
two-shot:  shot of two subjects
wipe:  one scene or image is pushed in or out of shot
zoom in/out:  change focal length of lens to enlarge/reduce
     a particular area of a subject

EPISODE GUIDE:

(Year One)

1) "Dream Silliness"  (Pilot)  Everyone has a right to
dream, right?  Well, maybe not.  (I'm writing this one.)

2) "Patriotic Silliness"  The discovery of a flag from
planet Beta puts diplomatic channels into a
turmoil--considering that the only planet left out of the
treaty was Beta.

3) "Academic Silliness"  Okay, the Academy finally gets word
of this find, and boy are they ticked.  Just to prove it,
they send an entire research vessel/battleship.

(Year Two)

4) "Fatal Silliness"  Guardians in various parts of the
fortress decide enough's enough.  No more visitors allowed,
and boy do they mean it.

5) "Treaty Silliness"  The Galaxy Union has their hands full
trying to revise the treaty and keep everyone updated on its
current provisions.  A few bogus versions of the treaty
start to circulate, providing even more amusement.

6) "Corporate Silliness"  Several corporations vie for
exclusive rights to research and development.  Naturally,
they're willing to go to just about any extreme to eliminate
the competition.

7) "Senseless Silliness"  The older guardians of the
fortress begin to toy with their visitors--literally and
figuratively.

(Year Three)

8) "Social Silliness"  Social-class factions within the
fortress erupt, just as word starts to get around the
working classes of Jurai--who also get upset.

9) "Experimental Silliness"  The technology exchange has
activated some scientists who had been kept frozen in the
fortress.  They decide to begin their own experiments.

10) "Loyalty Silliness"  The emperor of Jurai returns to
formally claim all development rights and research records
accumulated at the site.  Naturally, all kinds of silliness
ensues.

11) "Fortune-Hunter Silliness"  Pirates from all over the
galaxy keep making clever forays into the projects.

(Year Four)

12) "Disaster Silliness"  Explosions occur on a fairly
regular basis, now that a rogue Earth geologist has become
interested in all the unexplained tremors.  The Masaki house
goes boom at the end of this one.

13) "Paradox Silliness"  Rumors going around on Earthly news
reports force a series of silly explanations.  The Masaki
house goes through some interesting mutations, as they go
through several different renovations.

14) "Silly Knights"  A small division of Jurai knights (a
mere two hundred) are awakened, and go to perform their
duty--whatever that is.

15) "Silly Lessons"  Learning made fun.  (I'm writing this
one.)

(Year Five)

16) "Silly Milestones"  Tenchi takes a holiday and reflects,
while lying around on the beach.  Tenchi relates an old
school story.  Ayeka talks about a mock battle she once saw
performed, while Ryoko provides some interesting commentary.
Mihoshi talks about some of her experiences in the GP
Academy.  Sasami tells about a pet she once had, and Yosho
somehow ties it all together with one of his woodsy-stories.

17) "Silly Preparations"  Everyone seems to be getting
prepared for something--but for what?  Who knows?  It sure
looks pretty big, though!

18) "Silly Secret Societies"  Conspiracies clash when secret
societies arrive from every major faction in the
universe--including one from the fortress itself.

19) "Silly Silence"  There is an eery silence in this whole
episode--until the last few revealing scenes.  Hint:  No
more ancient fortress--it went bye-bye.

(Year Six)

20) "Silly Appointments"  Pandemonium ensues when the
Juraians go looking for the ancient fortress, while the
Galaxy Police and the Galaxy Union try to figure out what
happened to make it vanish in the first place.

21) "Silly Trials"  Several key figures take the fall while
the Galaxy Police try to decide who to arrest next to
satisfy the mobs of rampaging diplomats.  Naturally, they
arrest everyone.

22) "Silly Duties"  Tenchi and Ryoko--the only two figures
who escaped conviction--have their hands full trying to
convince everyone else of their innocence.  Actually, Tenchi
has his hands full just trying to control Ryoko.

23) "Silly Extortions"  The emperor of Jurai tries to extort
cooperation for a full pardon, while Tenchi and Ryoko
arrange a few interesting extortions of their own.

(Year Seven)

24) "Silly Nuisances"  Life has returned to a relatively
normal pattern, except for silly little things that keep
going wrong.

25) "Silly Riddles"  Not your average riddle story.  (I'm
writing this one.)

26) "Silly Rewards"  (Finale)  The ancient fortress is
discovered under the Royal Palace at Jurai, and the emperor
is forced to make some silly ceremonies, to placate certain
people he offended in episode 23.

NOTES:

The first 13 episodes seem to me to present some interesting
dilemmas and conflicts that the characters end up getting
involved with (and maybe even helping to resolve).  How they
get involved and why is something I'd like to be very
creative about, and it's frankly a bit of a headache at the
moment trying to visualize all that.  It should prove to be
fun, though.

The other 13 episodes present the characters with more
direct and personal challenges, and these episodes could
really highlight the ironic aspects of the relationships
between the characters.

The Year Four episodes look to be the most fun and the most
memorable, but Year Five presents some interesting
challenges.  If you work on 16-19, I'd really like to see a
high level of quality there.

If you work on the ancient fortress back-story, keep in mind
that it's pretty big.  So, it's really like a hundred
fortresses all in one.

On the technical side, a new development occurs in
space-travel.  In Year Three (8-11), a consortium of Elite
Academics and Jurai Supreme Council members begin
construction of hyperspace 'gates.'  Each gate opens into
hyperspace--a stable wormhole that connects to another gate.
In order to travel in hyperspace, though, you have to
follow a 'homing beacon.'  Many different problems have to
be worked out, of course.  By episode 20, most of the
problems have been sorted out, but there are still many
little quirks that come up now and then.

When we left the fortress, the main hallway and the treasure
chamber had been totally trashed.  All that remains is
debris, so there's nothing from the first trilogy left
except for the small jug of sake and the security control
chalice (the large cup from the second episode).  Ryoko can
use the chalice to open a telepathic link to anyone in the
fortress, but she has to be seriously drunk to control it.

The main parts of the fortress are in sub-space.  They are
accessible through the doors leading from the treasure
chamber.  Ryoko can teleport to any part of the fortress
that she has been to before, unless blocked by some outside
force.  Ayeka and Sasami can enter the main hallway through
a secret passageway that only they know about.  Anyone else
has to go through the front gate or be teleported in.

For further reference, the ancient fortress was built by an
ancient race that lived on Earth, thousands of years ago.
Nobody knows anything about them, not even Washu.  The
technical prowess of that race went far beyond what most
people think is possible.

If you want to work on the design, think octagonal.  There
is a large, central support room, and eight main branches.
Each branch splits into sixteen branches.  Each sub-branch
contains an eight-by-eight area--enough space for eight
people to live comfortably.  You get the basic idea.

It doesn't all have to be about the fortress, of course.
It's just a prop.  The real story is in the development of
these characters.

Tenchi is becoming more and more of a proficient
sword-fighter and artist.  He tends to paint, although he
has an interest in architecture, poetry, fashion design,
hunting, and sculpture.  He would probably go off to school
at some point for scholarly and religious purposes, although
I wouldn't linger on that.  It might be a good idea to
emphasize a growing sense of humor and an appreciation for
patience and tolerance.

Ryoko is developing along the lines of a deep love of
pleasure and a cynicism in most other things.  She has
scattered interests, but she tends to focus on arts and
philosophy.  Ryoko is not as powerful in this series as she
was in the trilogy.  She needs Washu to teach her how to
focus her mind and body as one again.  Over the course of
this series, Ryoko actually becomes less and less powerful.
In episode 15, she is borderline suicidal but she gradually
starts to improve (with episode 22 as maybe one glaring
exception).

Ayeka develops a greater love of Earth history--especially
wherever it parallels Jurai history.  She becomes more vain,
but she seems to enjoy herself more.  She continues sewing
and knitting until the last few years--when Tenchi is
actually much better at it than she is.  She shares many of
the same interests as Tenchi, but her main skill is verbal
ability.

Sasami develops in fits of angst, which she does a better
job of controlling as she gets older.  She continues to
refine some of her cooking art, but she develops a talent
for writing serial drama--which she sometimes likes to act
out in bits.  She grows physically for the most part the
first two to three years into the series.  She continues to
study history and a variety of other subjects.

Mihoshi continues to leap into any action, much to the
chief's dismay.  She continues to wreak havoc in her own
unique way.  It might be good to focus on her increasing
ability to manipulate others while mostly unable to control
herself.  Mihoshi mostly has small parts, although you might
want to remember that she is a very likable character--not
just a prop for clownish stunts.

Ryo-Ohki develops better control of her polymorphing, but
the language skills are slow.  She may be forming simple
statements and insights by the end of the series.

Yosho and Noboyuki don't change much, although Noboyuki has
to travel more to keep working.  He is an architect, after
all.

The Tenchi/Ryoko aspect of the story is fascinating to me,
and I would love to see a lot of variation.  Tenchi suffers
from frustrated confusion, and Ryoko has a habit of trying
and failing to keep from hurting his feelings about it.
Ryoko is getting more and more paranoid as Tenchi becomes
less interested in her.

The Tenchi/Ayeka aspect of the story is difficult to
describe.  I see Tenchi getting yanked between admiration
and contempt for her, and both of these emotions tend to get
stronger as this story develops.  Ayeka is even more
convinced that she is Tenchi's destiny--despite the fact
that destiny keeps playing the old game of 'keep away' with
her.

There are some other combinations that seem obvious in
retrospect that I would prefer to ignore for the most part
right now.  Suffice it to say that there are variations on
the above themes that are creative enough to work for
several different situations.

The alchemist is a new character for this series, a wise old
man of my own creation.  He seems pleasant enough in most
situations but he can be downright vicious when confronted
with sloth and perversion.  His main character trait is his
ability to manipulate others with subtle craft.

At the beginning of the series, he is in need of an
apprentice.  Eventually, he chooses Ryoko to be his
apprentice, and he begins testing her.  He also has Tenchi's
hidden powers in mind, and tests him at the end of the
series.

The alchemist doesn't meet Tenchi and Ryoko until episode 15
and he is pretty much finished dealing with Sasami.  He
might appear to the others in one form or another, but I
can't think of any good reason right at the moment.


