[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EPIGRAM:

     It's better to be sick than nurse the sick.
     Sickness is single trouble for the sufferer:
     But nursing means vexation of the mind,
     And hard work for the hands beside.

     -- Euripides, _Hippolytus_

2    EXT. GRASSY PLAIN

     Tenchi stands before a fairly large, U-shaped building.
The building opens outward to its entrance--where a small
tower stands at the middle of the open area.  Several doors
and windows line the inside of the building.  The tower
itself proclaims in bold letters:  'Study Hall.'  One
walkway goes along the inside of the building and around in
front to the edge of the tower.  Several large, narrow
windows line the tower.

3    EXT. WALKWAY

     As he approaches the walkway, he looks down for a
moment and then puts on his shoes.  He then walks along the
walkway toward the center of the U--just behind the tower.

     At the back of the tower is a small stairway, leading
up to two tall doors.  He climbs the stairway and looks
around curiously.  He knocks at the doors.

     A few moments later, the doors swing open.  He enters
into an empty room, as the doors shut behind him.

4    INT. TOWER

     The room has two sets of stairs leading up and down.
Above, there are two sets of balconies, leading to areas
that seem much larger than the tower could accommodate.

     Along the walls are low, ornate benches sitting below
tapestries and paintings.  The windows seem to provide more
illumination than the ambiant light of the outside.

          TENCHI:  Hello?

     One painting in particular draws his attention.  He
slowly walks up to it.

     CU. PAINTING

     Two figures stand like titans, raising small islands
out of a shrunken Earth.

     MAIN HALL

          TENCHI:  (a little taken aback)  What the hell?

     Tokimi walks up next to him and folds her arms,
considering.

          TOKIMI:  Hmm...  No, I agree.  I could never quite
capture the irreverence I was looking for in this one.  It
seems more pious than profane.

          TENCHI:  (stunned)  This was supposed to be humor?

          TOKIMI:  (sigh)  Yes.  It came to me in a burst of
inspiration when I began a study of your culture.  I hope
you aren't offended.  I call it 'Izanagi and Izanami
Sneezed.'

     Tenchi seems more offended by the title, than the
painting.

          TENCHI:  I take it you aren't very religious.

          TOKIMI:  On the contrary, boy.  I am very
religious.  I am, however, very particular about my beliefs.
Anything that offends my sense of purpose is like a personal
insult to me.

          TENCHI:  Well, I'm not very religious, but this
painting makes me feel like I should pray very hard.

     Tokimi grins, almost beside herself.

          TOKIMI:  Now, there's a good attitude.  I'm
starting to like you.  Come along.

5    TITLE:  "THE CAT'S-PAW"

6    EXT. A LARGE CITY

     Tall buildings fill the horizon, as airships go
flitting by.  The streets are filled with midday traffic.

7    EXT. A SMALL CAFE

     Ayeka and Ryoko are sitting at an outside table, as
Washu returns from the cafe with some drinks.  Washu sits
with them, pondering, as Ayeka and Ryoko drink.  Ryo-Ohki
pounces into Washu's lap, and Washu pets her.

          WASHU:  Let's go back to the beginning, shall we?

          AYEKA:  That seems logical.  Always start at the
beginning.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Nothing like stating the obvious.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (scowling)  Now, now.  Okay, I arrive to
find that my time-machine is one two-hundredth out of
sequence--putting me, in short, a little over seven-and-a-
half years ahead of schedule on my return.  Such a thing
could be the result of faulty circuitry, but it turns out--I
have discovered--to be the result of a carefully planned
energy spectrum curvature.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Meaning?

     CAFE

          RYOKO:  Meaning Washu got beaned by magic.
Whoever did this was really powerful--almost as powerful as
me.

          WASHU:  Magic!  Please...  Anyway, whoever did
this was surely more powerful than you, Ryoko.  To do this
without my being aware and to have had the foresight to have
me return on the very day that I did also required more
power than you could imagine.  No.  Only two people could
have pulled this off--and one of them would never dare do
anything this cruel to me...  I think...

     Ryoko continues her drink as Ayeka offers a thought.

          AYEKA:  So, our adventure was planned.  It seems
logical that we deduce their intentions--attempt to foresee
their next move.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  That's what I've been sitting here doing.
It didn't help that pirates got involved, then the cops with
the pirates--it makes me doubt my original conclusions.  The
person we are dealing with is methodical, calculating and
extremely desperate.  I'm finding this hard to believe.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Well, don't keep holding back.  Who is it?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  You'll find out soon enough.  I just hope
I'm wrong.  In any case, there are other worries.  Another
thing...

     CAFE

          RYOKO:  What?

          WASHU:  Where's Mihoshi?

          AYEKA:  Oh my!  We forgot all about her!  Where
did she go?

          RYOKO:  I thought she was your mentor.  Didn't you
keep track of her?

          AYEKA:  Who has the time to keep track of their
mentor?  She left rather suddenly.  It's all a blur to me.

          WASHU:  You two are so useless!  This whole thing
probably started because of Mihoshi.

          RYOKO:  Hmm...

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Oh yeah, I remember.  She said she was
joining up with something.  The army, I think.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  No, no.  That's not it.  She said she was
joining the rangers.  The rangers don't have a base anywhere
near the Leo system.  Leo is neutral, remember?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (scowling)  What about that service ship?
Wasn't that technician a ranger?

     CAFE

          RYOKO:  Huh?

          AYEKA:  I neglected to notice, I'm afraid.

     Washu pulls up her console, frowning.

          WASHU:  Well, according to the chamber of
commerce, the rangers have a brand new base nearby--
especially designed for trainees.  It seems to me like the
first logical place to look for Mihoshi.

          AYEKA:  (a little alarmed)  Rangers on Leo...

          RYOKO:  Damn!  We should have mentioned this
before.  This is why you couldn't find a reservation under
his credit reports.

          WASHU:  (sigh)  Thanks for telling me.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  So, our next step is to contact Mihoshi.
She should know Tenchi's whereabouts.

     CAFE

          RYOKO:  Hey, Princess, you're starting to make
sense.  I just wish you'd told us to come here before.

     Ayeka glowers as Washu rolls her eyes.

8    INT. CLASSROOM

     A small class is in session--the students looking
through books, making notes or talking to each other. 
Mihoshi has just returned to her seat.

     A teacher walks up to Mihoshi and hands her a note. 
Mihoshi looks at it, rolling her eyes, then leaves the room.

9    INT. HALLWAY

     Some uniformed figures go marching by, as Mihoshi
receives another call.  The display shows Washu, sitting at
a cafe.

          MIHOSHI:  Hey, Little Washu!  It's nice to see you
again.  Wow!  Hey, Ayeka!  Hey, Ryoko!

          WASHU:  (display)  Hello, Mihoshi.  Say, have you
seen Tenchi lately--like the past couple weeks?

          MIHOSHI:  (nervous)  Uh...  Yeah, but there's a
problem right at the moment...

          WASHU:  (display)  It's okay, Mihoshi.  Where was
he the last time you saw him?

          MIHOSHI:  (stiff)  He was staying at a cantina in
a little village, just outside of town.

          WASHU:  (display)  A cantina?  Oh, never mind.
Just send me the address.  I'll sort it out, later.  ...
Oh, and have you seen Sasami?

          MIHOSHI:  (very nervous)  Uh...  Yeah.  I've got
to go!  Bye!

     Mihoshi switches off the call, rather abruptly.  She
then slinks back toward the classroom.

10   EXT. A SMALL CAFE

     Washu is still staring at the display, blankly.

          WASHU:  Well...  That was rude.  She didn't even
send us the address!

          AYEKA:  (grim)  It's okay, Little Washu.  I happen
to know exactly what she was talking about.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  How do you know--?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  I just do.  Trust me, this time.

11   EXT. TOWER OF THEMIS

     The tower is nearly invisible in the darkness of night.
The dark red orb hovers near the horizon.

12   INT. MIMI'S CLOSET

     Mimi awakens in her bed, slowly looking around.  A dim
blue light appears, and Mimi starts to tremble.  The light
resolves into a ghostly figure like that of Tsunami.

          FIGURE:  (softened)  Help me!  Please!  Let me out
of here!

     The figure approaches, and Mimi begins to tremble,
violently.  She squeezes her eyes shut, and the figure
disappears.

     CU. MIMI

          MIMI:  (nearly breathless)  Tsunami?

     ROOM

     Mimi gets up and examines the statuette of Tsunami for
a moment, then puts it back on the pedestal.  She considers
for another moment, then returns to bed.

13   EXT. OBSCURE CANTINA

     The midday rush has slacked off a bit, as the day wears
on.

14   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami is staring blankly over some diced-up
preparations.  Hikaru walks up next to her and gently puts a
hand on her shoulder.

          HIKARU:  Nice work on that pasta.  It was a little
spicy for my taste, but the customers seem to like it.

          SASAMI:  Oh!  Glad to hear it.  I need a break, if
you don't mind.

15   INT. KIMIKO'S BEDROOM

     Sasami sits at the edge of the bed, merely staring into
space.  Kimiko enters, looking a little confused.

          KIMIKO:  Sasami, are you on break?

          SASAMI:  Uh...  Oh.  Sorry.  I keep forgetting who
I am.  Where am I?

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  (amused)  You're in my room--not that I
use it very much, lately.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (relieved)  Oh.  I thought for a moment I
was back in that damn stone.

     CU. KIMIKO

     Kimiko frowns, suddenly, then starts to back out of the
room.

          KIMIKO:  I think I'll go check for tips again.

16   EXT. STUDY HALL

     The gray sky hovers like a stone over the tower.

17   INT. LOWER FLOOR

     A large room with a bare wooden floor, having large
compartments all around at the walls.  Ten large half-orbs
in the ceiling provide distinct illumination, washing out
shadows.  A large banner on one spare wall proclaims in
large symbols:  'Devotion, Inspiration, Respect.'
Underneath each word is an abstract illustration, depicting
a figure in each respective action.

     Tenchi is standing poised, in a martial-arts uniform,
with a staff.  His defensive posture is a little over-
extended.  Tokimi is standing next to him, in her own
martial-arts uniform, correcting his posture, gently.

          TOKIMI:  A little higher, Tenchi.  Don't expose
your middle.

     CU. TENCHI

     Scowling a little, somewhat defensive.

          TENCHI:  Sorry.  Old habit.  My grandpa always
kept telling me to watch my feet.

     CU. TOKIMI

          TOKIMI:  (amused)  Yes.  I think I've seen this a
thousand times--technique that falls apart at the seams.

     ROOM

     Tenchi holds his pose, pondering.

          TENCHI:  Huh?

          TOKIMI:  Oh--  It is something familiar to me.  I
suspect your grandfather was trained in an overly-aggressive
pattern--the natural inclination of most teachers.  You may
have noticed this from the way Ayeka fights.

          TENCHI:  Hmm...  Now that you mention it--

          TOKIMI:  A clumsy child could beat Ayeka, but that
is neither here nor there.  My point is, that an overly-
aggressive pattern gives you success where your enemy tends
to hesitate.  Where your enemy is skilled, however, it only
helps you defeat yourself that much faster.  Your
grandfather wisely chose to guide you away from such a fate.
He has been helping you focus on your movement.  I can see
that he was partly successful.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Actually, he kept telling me to keep my
balance.

     CU. TOKIMI

          TOKIMI:  Yes.  All part of skilled movement.
(mulling)  He must know something I don't.  Hmm...

     ROOM

     Tokimi goes to a compartment and takes a staff, as she
considers.

          TOKIMI:  Well, all in good time.  Forces are still
in motion, at the moment.

          TENCHI:  Forces?

          TOKIMI:  Oh, yes.  I'm relieved to see that the
rebel faction in the old guard failed in their attempt.

     Tokimi brandishes the staff.

          TOKIMI:  This has a nice weight.  (turning to
Tenchi)  I'm sure you'll also be relieved to know that their
attempt to assassinate Ayeka failed.  Their timing was
curious, though.  It makes me suspect many things...

     Tenchi loses his composure a little.

          TENCHI:  They tried to kill Ayeka?

     Tokimi approaches Tenchi, smoothly.

          TOKIMI:  Well, of course.  Such things happen all
the time in the Jurai royal household, you know.  You must
have suspected this, young man.  You are not completely
dense, I trust?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (irritated)  I just hate to be made a
fool of.  I did promise her father I would take care of her.

     CU. TOKIMI

          TOKIMI:  Yes.  I think you should be aware that
such promises can only cause you grief.  You cannot possibly
defend her all the time, and her father can only assume that
you are implying his inability to defend her himself.  It is
a little rude, to promise such a thing.

     ROOM

     Tenchi slumps a little.

          TENCHI:  I never thought about it like that.  I
thought I was just doing the polite thing.

          TOKIMI:  Stand up straight, young man.

     Tenchi poses again.

          TOKIMI:  That's better.  Sometimes, Tenchi, the
only polite thing to do is to make sure that people are
taken care of.  Let someone else worry about making the
promises.  It is the same with your sword technique.  Don't
worry about whether you should make some silly oath, just
fight and let your sword speak for you.

     Tokimi makes a quick lunge and knocks Tenchi down.  She
sighs and scowls in disappointment.

          TOKIMI:  Clumsy as well as slow.  This is going to
take more than time.

18   EXT. OBSCURE CANTINA

     The cantina is nearly deserted, as midday turns to
afternoon.  A small groundcar pulls up, and deposits Ryoko,
Ayeka, Washu and Ryo-Ohki.

     Kimiko peeks out a window and quickly pulls away.

19   INT. DINING HALL

     Hikaru is grumbling to himself, as he wipes down the
bar.  Kimiko goes up to him rather quickly, setting down a
small pad and a pen.

          KIMIKO:  Hikaru, I'm just going to take a quick
bathroom break.  I'll be right back.

     CU. HIKARU

          HIKARU:  (suspicious)  Oh.  Okay...

     Kimiko hurries off.

20   INT. KIMIKO'S BEDROOM

     Sasami is still sitting, staring into space.  She
flinches in shock and grits her teeth.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  Stop it...  Show me.

21   INT. MIMI'S CLOSET

     Mimi is sitting at her desk, reading, when a robed
figure appears.  She looks up, and he points at her.  The
air around her wavers in a subtle way and shifts into a blue
shade.  Mimi is frozen in pure shock.

     The figure approaches, removing the hood.

     CU. FIGURE

     The figure is clearly the alchemist--not as old as
previously depicted--but unmistakable.

22   INT. KIMIKO'S BEDROOM

     Sasami fliches in shock again.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  Hey...  I know that guy...

23   INT. MIMI'S CLOSET

     Mimi is held in a diamond-shaped field, as the old man
approaches the statuette of Tsunami and picks it up.  He
looks at it closely and nods to himself.

          MIMI:  What are you doing here, old man?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  I drew the short straw.  Lucky me...

     ROOM

     The alchemist makes a gesture, and the door opens.
Seven enters and sits at the desk where Mimi had been
sitting.  The alchemist then takes a glowing, diamond-shaped
jewel out of a pocket of his robe.  He holds it toward Seven
for a moment, then points it at Mimi.

     A blast of lightning shoots at Mimi, knocking her out
of the field, apparently consuming her in a ball of fire.

24   INT. KIMIKO'S BEDROOM

     Sasami stands, clenching her hands.

          SASAMI:  (to herself)  Son of a bitch!

25   INT. MIMI'S CLOSET

     As the ball of fire dwindles down, the alchemist points
the jewel at Seven again.  Seven cringes in anticipation,
but merely transforms into the semblance of a youthful
Kimiko.  She then smiles, curiously, touching her face.

     Mimi slowly stands, touching her face.  She looks at
the mirror, and flinches in horror.  Her form has
transformed into the semblance of Tokimi.  She continues to
look at herself in the mirror, in complete shock.

     The alchemist nods to himself again and slowly puts the
jewel away.

          ALCHEMIST:  (to Mimi)  Now that I've administered
your punishment, I'll explain.  From now on, you are no
longer the beautiful young woman you were before.  Thus, you
shall no longer be known by that detested name.  I bestow on
you the name Tokimi.  Your beauty is now only as much as can
remind you of your former beauty.

     He puts the statuette down on the floor and takes out a
necklace.  He pinches the end of one crystal and a liquid
begins to drip down on the statuette of Tsunami.

          ALCHEMIST:  It's nothing personal, of course.  We
simply cannot allow you to make a fool of us for this long
and hope to get away with it.  If you must know, this
punishment is quite fair.  All I've really done is rid you
of your cruelty and bitterness--putting it all into this
unfortunate automaton that you created yourself.

          SEVEN:  Automaton?

     The alchemist turns to Seven and explains.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  You were never really in control of
your own actions, young lady.  She just made you think you
were--a clever illusion, but an illusion, nonetheless.

     CU. SEVEN

     She sighs in disappointment.

     ROOM

     The statuette begins to chip and crack, the outer
layer peeling away like an egg shell.

     CU. MIMI

     She begins to tremble in shame.

          MIMI:  Why are you all so cruel to me?  Haven't
you done enough?  Why don't you just leave me alone?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

     He sighs, somewhat annoyed.

          ALCHEMIST:  You can't possibly understand now, of
course, but you were reckless.  When you took your sister's
life, I pleaded for immediate punishment.  I explained to
them that it was the only humane thing to do, but they
insisted that we wait--see if you would show mercy.

     CU. MIMI

     She falls to her knees, overwhelmed.

          MIMI:  You already knew?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (softly)  We knew from the beginning.
This type of charade has been perpetrated on us many times.
I suppose it is only my fate to get tricked into fixing the
mistakes of others--especially ones that could have been
prevented had they listened to me in the first place.

     ROOM

     The alchemist steps away, as Tsunami begins to emerge--
growing and resolving into her former shape.

          ALCHEMIST:  Your sister awakens.

     Mimi buries her face in her hands, weeping, as Seven
looks at herself in the mirror, still smiling.

          SEVEN:  This is so cool.  Now, this is more like
it.  Can I have a cool name, like hers?

          ALCHEMIST:  (irritated)  Sorry, but I can't think
of anything right now.  Uh...  How about Kimiko?

          SEVEN:  (annoyed)  Kimiko?  But that's a dull
name.  I wanted a really cool name.

     CU. ALCHEMIST

     He rolls his eyes, and considers Tsunami at his feet.

     ROOM

     Tsunami is standing, trembling in a terrible chill.
She reaches out with one hand, inexplicably.

          ALCHEMIST:  (sadly)  This has gone on for too
long.  I told them.  (sigh)  Now, we can do nothing.

     CU. SEVEN

          SEVEN:  Huh?  What do you mean?

     CU. ALCHEMIST

     Turning to Seven, gesturing at Tsunami.

          ALCHEMIST:  We've raised her up again, only to
watch her die again.  This time, there'll be no way to stop
it.  This is your real punishment, you know.

     ROOM

     Tsunami turns and looks around the room, trying to get
a grasp on where she is.

          ALCHEMIST:  (somewhat casually)  And mine, too, I
suppose.  I've indulged those idiots one too many times.
Never again.  From now on, I only work for myself.

26   INT. KIMIKO'S BEDROOM

     Sasami walks over to the mirror, looking at herself in
wonder.

          SASAMI:  He knew.  How in the world did he know?

     Hikaru enters, still holding a rag in his hand.

          HIKARU:  Hey, Sasami.  There's some folks out
here, asking about you.

27   INT. DINING HALL

     Ayeka, Ryoko and Washu are sitting at a table, as
Sasami peeks around a corner.  She looks down for a moment
and emerges, stiff with emotion.

          SASAMI:  Washu?  Is that you?

     CU. WASHU

     She looks around, somewhat alarmed by the tone she
hears.

          WASHU:  Sasami?

     CU. AYEKA

     She looks curiously at Sasami, as if searching for
recognition.

          AYEKA:  Oh my.  Is that really you, Sasami?

     HALL

     Sasami is holding together, barely.

          SASAMI:  I haven't forgotten about you, Washu.  I
just wish we had spent more time together.  You know what I
mean?

     Washu grimaces, suddenly grasping her meaning.  Ryoko
stands, a little impatient.

          RYOKO:  Hey, kid.  Where's my Tenchi?  What are we
just sitting around for?

          AYEKA:  Ryoko, can't you see something has
happened to her?  Have you forgotten?

     CU. RYOKO

     Ryoko scowls and glares down at Ayeka.

          RYOKO:  What the hell are you talking about,
Princess?  I don't see anything different.

     CU. WASHU

     She is trembling, like someone about to reach a
staggering conclusion.

          WASHU:  (softly)  Please, Ryoko.  There is a time
for this, but it isn't now.

     CU. RYOKO

     Turning to Washu.

          RYOKO:  (stiff)  Huh?

     HALL

     Hikaru leans over the bar, seemingly curious.  Sasami
looks up, clearly unsteady but holding firm.

          SASAMI:  I understand, Little Ryoko, but finding
Tenchi wouldn't make you happier.  Trust me on this.

          RYOKO:  What did you call me?

          WASHU:  You see what I mean?

          RYOKO:  Have you all gone crazy?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (annoyed)  Oh, do shut up, Ryoko.  Can't
you see my sister has assimilated with Tsunami?  She has
enough on her mind right now.

     CU. WASHU

     She looks curiously at Ayeka.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (softly)  Sasami, we are terribly excited
to see you, once again.  I'm sorry we aren't more gracious,
but we were stuck on an icy planet for two weeks.  Forgive
us, if we show little manners.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  No, Ayeka.  There is nothing to forgive.
I'm the one being rude.  I just wish Tenchi were here to
make you feel more welcome.  The trouble is, he's
disappeared and no one knows where he is.

     CU. RYOKO

     She sits, scowling in frustration.

          RYOKO:  I knew it.

28   INT. LOWER FLOOR

     Tokimi is strapping a shoulder-piece on Tenchi.  She
makes it snug, and Tenchi flinches a bit.  Tenchi is wearing
a nice, padded armor--kneepads, breastplate, visor, elbow
pieces, and a couple of tasses.  She looks him over and nods
to herself.  She then steps back and folds her arms,
considering.

          TOKIMI:  Activate a fighter.

     Tenchi looks around in some confusion.

          TENCHI:  Huh?

     A rather large compartment opens, and a winged robot
about five feet tall appears.  It immediately hovers over
next to Tenchi, brandishing a short sword with impressive
skill.

     CU. TENCHI

     He cringes, anticipating a good skewering.

          TENCHI:  I don't think I can fight that thing.

     CU. TOKIMI

     She sighs, a little annoyed.

          TOKIMI:  I don't expect you to, Tenchi.  Just try
your best.  You never know until you try.

     She flinches, looking a little remorseful.

          TOKIMI:  (softly)  Well, I guess you're not ready
for the brown-level fighter.  I think I'll try the purple.

29   INT. HALLWAY

     Washu, Ryoko, Ayeka and Sasami are standing near the
bathroom door in the adjoining hallway.  Sasami goes to the
door and knocks, softly.

          SASAMI:  Kimiko?

     They frown as they hear some soft thuds and some
distinct sounds of vomiting.  They then hear some loud
coughing and gasping for breath.

          SASAMI:  Kimiko, are you okay in there?

     They wait for a few moments as the bathroom goes
silent.

          KIMIKO:  (OC)  Go away!  I'm not feeling very good
right now.

     Sasami looks around, somewhat pleadingly, as Ryoko
rolls her eyes.  Ryoko goes through the door and pulls
Kimiko out, right back through the door.  Kimiko looks very
pale and is still trembling a little, as Ryoko lets her go.

          RYOKO:  (a little grim)  Listen, lady.  We're not
here to play games.  We just want to know where Tenchi went.
Now, do you know or not?

     Washu scowls, muttering to herself.

          AYEKA:  (disdainfully)  You might have handled
that a bit more delicately, Ryoko.

     Sasami looks on, wide-eyed in amazement.

     CU. KIMIKO

     She catches her breath and composes herself.

          KIMIKO:  No.  It's okay.  I just have a little
cold, I think.  Now, let me see...  Now that I think about
it, I think Tenchi said he was going to check with the
vehicle licensing office, downtown.  He's probably still
waiting in line, there.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Bureaucracy.  I might have figured.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Sorry about this, Kimiko.  We just haven't
had any sleep the past couple days, and we did narrowly
escape a deadly battle.

     HALLWAY

     Sasami considers Washu, thoughtfully, then turns to
Kimiko.

          SASAMI:  Yes, and I'm afraid Ryoko can be a bit
impatient, at times.  I hope you don't take offense.

          KIMIKO:  No offense, really.

     She clutches her stomach, gasping.

          KIMIKO:  Excuse me.

     Kimiko rushes into the bathroom, again.  Ryoko pauses
for a moment, as they hear vomiting again.

          RYOKO:  (casual)  I'll call another cab.  You guys
go on ahead.

          SASAMI:  If it's all the same, I'll just wait
here.  I'd prefer to help Kimiko, if she's really in some
pain.

          WASHU:  Okay.  I'll go find Ryo-Ohki.

          AYEKA:  I'll just flag down the cab.  It's my role
in this universe...

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Ayeka, I'm really glad to see you again.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Huh?  Oh, yes.  It is a pleasure, but
we'll just be right back.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Ayeka?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Yes?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (a little hesitant)  Uh...  I just
remembered that Kimiko needs to have a license renewal form.
Could you pick one up?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Uh...  Okay.

30   INT. LOWER FLOOR

     Tokimi straps Tenchi into a shoulder-piece, making it
nice and snug.  She then inspects the rest of the armor.

          TOKIMI:  A little roughed-up, but none the worse
for wear.

          TENCHI:  (wary)  You don't want me to fight that
thing again, do you?

          TOKIMI:  No, Tenchi.  It's becoming obvious to me
that your fighting skills are lacking.  We'll just try the
next lower level.

     She takes a step back and snaps her fingers.  A tall,
thin robot emerges, holding a staff.  It approaches Tenchi
and brandishes the staff with a brief flourish.  Tenchi
looks around at Tokimi, a little uncertain.

     CU. TOKIMI

     She gestures, reassuringly, and then immediately
frowns.

          TOKIMI:  You might try using some of that Jurai
technique, Tenchi...  Oh my...  Well, I guess I can't expect
a miracle, at this point.

31   INT. BATHROOM

     Kimiko is kneeling over a toilet, apparently praying
for death.  Sasami slowly opens the door and peeks in.

          SASAMI:  Kimiko?  Are you okay?  What's the
matter?

          KIMIKO:  (sadly)  I want to die, Sasami.  Can't
you just leave me alone?

     CU. SASAMI

     She frowns, thoughtfully.

          SASAMI:  This isn't like you, Kimiko.  You know
you can't hide anything from me.  I've known you since you
were created by my sister.  You used to be an automaton of
me, remember?

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  (scowling)  Something I ate, I think.
That must be it.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (upset)  Stop it, Kimiko.  You're not
fooling me.  You know where Tenchi really is, don't you?

     CU. KIMIKO

     She looks up at Sasami, a little venomously, then
smiles.

          KIMIKO:  I don't have the vaguest notion of what
you're saying, Sasami.  I'm your friend, remember?

     BATHROOM

     Sasami folds her arms, considering, as Kimiko looks
down again.

          SASAMI:  Really?  You know what I think?

     Kimiko looks up again, as Sasami kneels down next to
Kimiko.

          KIMIKO:  What?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  He's with Tokimi.  Isn't he?  You're
connected to Tokimi, but you just can't admit it.  You don't
want to tell me or the others, because that would expose who
you are.  There's no point in doing that, though.  I know.
I see right through you, Kimiko.

     CU. KIMIKO

     She pauses, considering.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Why are you hiding all this?

     BATHROOM

     Sasami gets up again, pondering, as Kimiko looks up.

          KIMIKO:  I'm desperate, Sasami.  You have no idea.
I'll do anything.  Don't try to stop me.

          SASAMI:  What are you trying to accomplish?

          KIMIKO:  You don't understand, now, but you will.

     Sasami starts to leave, and Kimiko gets up.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  You already have everything you ever
wanted.  Just a little more time, Sasami.  That's all I ask.
Just give me a few lousy hours.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Then what?  You can keep him?  I won't
let you do that.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  (stiff)  No.  So, I can get myself back.
Don't you see?  This is the only way.

32   INT. LOWER FLOOR

     Tokimi is pondering, very confused, as a fairly
battered and worn Tenchi gasps for breath.

          TOKIMI:  Very strange.  I thought for sure you'd
handle purple no problem.  Even young children can achieve
mastery of the purple.  (sigh)  Oh, well.  Let's try green.
Anyone can defeat a green-level fighter.

     She snaps her fingers, and another compartment opens.
Out walks a four-foot robot.  It moves fairly slow, but with
fluidity.  It takes up a defensive posture near Tenchi.
Tenchi looks down at it, uncertainly.

33   INT. DINING HALL

     Sasami and Kimiko are sitting at a table, as Ryoko,
Ayeka and Washu stand nearby.

          RYOKO:  We checked all over that place.  They
hadn't seen any sign of Tenchi.

          KIMIKO:  Are you sure?  Maybe there was an office
you didn't check.

          WASHU:  We checked everywhere.  I should know.

          AYEKA:  It took me longer to get that form than it
did for us to look for Tenchi, you know.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  Oh, yes.  Thank you.  I really do need to
renew my license.

     CU. SASAMI

     She stares, thoughtfully.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  If you're feeling better, maybe you should
come with us.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  Sorry, but I do have a job here.

     HALL

          AYEKA:  Really?  It looks more like an excuse to
hide from the world, to me.

          SASAMI:  Ayeka, you should help them out at the
bar.

          WASHU:  Yeah, Ayeka.  Do something useful, for
once.

     CU. AYEKA

     She snarls, a little angry.

          AYEKA:  I am a princess of Jurai.  I will not be
addressed in this manner!

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Shut up, you princess.  Go help them out
at the bar.  Hikaru looks like he could use a break.

     HALL

     Ayeka pouts for a few moments, then goes to work at the
bar.

          KIMIKO:  I'm sorry, but even if I went with you, I
wouldn't know where to look.  I wish I could be more
helpful.

          SASAMI:  Didn't you at least find Ryo-Ohki?

          WASHU:  No.  I'm afraid we've lost her, too.

          RYOKO:  I can't sense her.  It's like she's being
blocked completely.

          SASAMI:  Now, that's very strange.

          WASHU:  Yes, isn't it?

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  Oh, wait a minute.  Now, I remember.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  What?

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  Tenchi said that when he was done at the
licensing office, that he was just going to go straight to
the laundromat.  He had a lot of chores to do today.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  The laundromat?

     CU. SASAMI

     She sighs, a little exasperated.

     HALL

     Ryoko and Washu look at each other, undecided, then
start to leave.

          KIMIKO:  Oh!  And can you do me a little favor?

34   INT. LOWER FLOOR

     Tenchi approaches a two-foot robot, wearing a very
beaten and battered-looking armor.  Tokimi is gazing on, in
nothing less than amazement.

          TOKIMI:  This is really unprecedented.  No one has
ever been beaten so soundly by the green-level fighter.  If
you lose to the white-level fighter, I'm afraid I shall be
at a complete loss.

     Tenchi looks down at the robot, weary.  He makes a bold
lunge, and trips over it, sprawling.

     Tokimi shakes her head in wonder, her eyes widening in
half-amused shock.

35   INT. LAUNDROMAT

     Ryoko and Washu are sitting at a bench, surrounded by
washers and dryers.  Ryoko looks blankly bored, as Washu
ponders.

          WASHU:  You know, I get the feeling that Kimiko is
just giving us the run-around, here.

          RYOKO:  Brilliant.  How did you figure that out?
(sigh)  What else are we going to do?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  I don't know.  The truth is, Ryoko, I'm
more worried about you than I am about Tenchi.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Oh?  You know something I don't?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  A few things.  Sometimes, Ryoko, life can
be very unpleasant.  I wonder if you've realized this.

     LAUNDROMAT

          RYOKO:  Well, I'm right here.  You see Tenchi
anywhere?  You know what's happening to him?

          WASHU:  No.

          RYOKO:  Then what are you worried about?  You
think we might bump into this artist that Tenchi is looking
for?

          WASHU:  Not exactly.  I'm worried that you've made
a deal with someone you really shouldn't have.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (stunned)  A deal?  Me?  You know me,
Washu.  I don't trust anyone.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Exactly.  You're altogether too easy to
trick into doing something stupid.  I've tricked you several
times, myself.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (annoyed)  I'm not stupid, Washu.  I know
exactly what I'm doing.

     LAUNDROMAT

          WASHU:  Okay.  Just checking.

          RYOKO:  Hmm...  Are you jealous?  Did I cut you
out of the loop?

          WASHU:  No.  I haven't made any deal, yet.

          RYOKO:  Yet?

          WASHU:  I'm trying to raise the stakes, Ryoko.  I
don't sell myself as cheaply as you.

          RYOKO:  (amused)  That's funny.  I didn't know you
had a price.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  We all have a price, Ryoko.  Some of us
just sell out a little quicker than others.

     CU. RYOKO

     She shudders, suddenly drawing some chilling
conclusion.

          RYOKO:  Are you warning me that Tenchi has sold
out?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (sigh)  I'm warning you to be careful who
you deal with, Ryoko.  Just watch out.

     LAUNDROMAT

     Ryoko gets up and checks a dryer, as Washu continues to
ponder.

36   INT. LOWER FLOOR

     Tenchi is back in a martial arts uniform, walking
across a balance-beam.  He holds out his arms and goes to
one side, then turns, deftly.

     Tokimi is standing nearby, studiously watching.

          TOKIMI:  Okay.  I think I may have actually found
something you're good at.  Now, try it without the lights.

     The room goes completely black for a moment.  The
lights come on, and Tenchi is standing at the other end.

     CU. TOKIMI

     Very pleased.

          TOKIMI:  Hey!  You can do something useful!  This
is surprising.  Now, if I can just get you to use this
knowledge somehow...

     ROOM

     Tenchi sways a bit, unsteady.

          TENCHI:  Whoa!  I just had a bad feeling in the
pit of my stomach.

     Tokimi frowns, going over to help Tenchi steady
himself.  She reaches out, as Tenchi steps off the beam and
vomits on the other side.

     CU. TOKIMI

     Grimacing in shock.

          TOKIMI:  This can't be good.

37   EXT. OBSCURE CANTINA

     The day is wearing on into early evening.  The cantina
starts to pick up a bit of traffic.

38   INT. DINING HALL

     Ryoko and Washu approach a table where Kimiko and
Sasami are sitting.

          RYOKO:  Any other stupid chores you want us to do?
Send out some mail?  Find some lost pet?

     Sasami snarls in irritation.

     CU. KIMIKO

     She smiles, indulgently.

          KIMIKO:  No, but now that you mention it, I do
have some music I never bothered to return...

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (annoyed)  Forget it.  We're not playing
along anymore.

     HALL

          RYOKO:  Just admit it.  You don't know where
Tenchi is.  You never did.

          KIMIKO:  Okay, you got me.  I actually have no
idea where Tenchi is.

          WASHU:  Yes.  It's becoming terribly clear, now.
You were just leading us around.  (to Sasami)  Just like
you, huh?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Me?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Don't you think it's time you drop the
charade, Sasami?  You'd feel better if you came clean, I
think.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (nervous)  Okay, Mom.  Stop that.  You're
scaring me.

     HALL

     Washu continues to consider Sasami, as Ryoko looks on,
nervous.

          WASHU:  (softly)  You know it's the right thing to
do, Sasami.  Tenchi isn't here to help you.  Just accept it.

          SASAMI:  I can't.  You have no idea what you're
asking me to do.

          WASHU:  If Ryoko means anything to you, you'll do
the right thing and admit it now.  You make her wait any
longer, and you might as well just call her your pet rock.

     CU. SASAMI

     Trembling with anxiety.

          SASAMI:  (groaning)  You're right, Little Washu.
I can't hide this anymore.  Ryoko, I'm so sorry.

     CU. RYOKO

     Gaping like a landed fish.

          RYOKO:  What?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Tenchi and I have been living together
the past couple weeks.  We're married now, and he has no
interest in you.  He wants a family with me.

     CU. RYOKO

     Her best impression of a stone, yet.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (relieved)  Thank you, Sasami.  That was
hard for me to watch, but it needed to be done.  You have no
idea what I've been through, the past few days.

     CU. KIMIKO

     She starts to cry, looking down.

     HALL

     Ryoko collects herself and numbly turns to leave.  She
looks like someone searching for a map.  Sasami gets up, but
Kimiko grabs her arm, tight.

          KIMIKO:  (softly)  No.  Let her go.

          SASAMI:  Ryoko...

     Ryoko turns and numbly considers.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (stiff)  You'd better not follow me,
Sasami.  I won't be very good company for a while.

     HALL

     Ryoko turns and leaves, as Sasami sits again, fretting.

          SASAMI:  I knew this would happen.

          WASHU:  It's okay, Sasami.  We'll find Tenchi.

39   EXT. GRASSY PLAIN

     The gray sky embraces the Temple of Fate, like misty
stone over distinct stone.

40   INT. MAIN OFFICE

     A large room with a high ceiling and a stone floor.
Some benches are arranged around the walls beneath somber
paintings.  At one side is a large set of doors, and at the
other end are pillars just before a set of four arched
entryways.  In the center of the room is a small table with
a lamp in the middle.  Light streams down in narrow shafts
from high above.

     Tenchi is lying in a small bed, sweating and trembling.
He tries to get up, and falls back down.

          TENCHI:  Oh boy, what happened?

     Tokimi comes through one of the arched entryways,
carrying a bottle.

          TENCHI:  I feel like I've been kicked in the
stomach a few times.

     Tokimi stoops over Tenchi, considering carefully.

          TOKIMI:  You're running a fever.  In a way, it's a
good thing you're here.  I think I can treat you.  No
telling what might have happened, otherwise.

     CU. TENCHI

     He gasps in pain, clutching his stomach.

     CU. TOKIMI

          TOKIMI:  This is very bad, but I think you'll feel
better after the medications start to work.

41   INT. DINING HALL

     Ayeka stops by the dining table where Sasami, Kimiko
and Washu are sitting.  She's holding a platter of glasses,
all filled with drinks.

          AYEKA:  Hey, Little Washu.  Did you find Tenchi,
yet?  What's going on here?

          WASHU:  No, we haven't found anyone yet.  We've
lost two, and I think we're about to lose number three.

     CU. AYEKA

     Frowning in thought.

          AYEKA:  Number three?  Wait a moment.  Where did
Ryoko go?

     HALL

          KIMIKO:  She just left.

          AYEKA:  She just left?  Without Lord Tenchi?  Why
would she do that?

     They pause for a moment, while Ayeka ponders.

          AYEKA:  If you can't find him, and Ryoko has
suddenly lost interest in finding him...  Sasami, is there
something you want to tell you me?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  No.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  I am your sister, right?  You can tell me
anything.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Actually, Ayeka, I'm not really your
sister.  Not anymore.

     HALL

     Ayeka staggers a little, nearly dropping the platter.
She carefully places the platter on the table and sits, very
unsteady.

          AYEKA:  You mind explaining yourself?  Remember
who you're talking to.

          SASAMI:  No, Ayeka.  You remember who you're
talking to.  I'm not just Sasami, anymore.

          AYEKA:  Oh, I see.  All grown up, now.  And my
idea about renouncing the family name...

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Sorry, Ayeka, but I had to take it
myself.  It was too good an opportunity to pass up.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  I suppose you were just bored this time,
as well.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  You know me better than that.

     HALL

     Ayeka considers thoughtfully for a moment, then looks
very grim.

          AYEKA:  (strained)  Just tell me one thing,
Sasami.

          SASAMI:  (casual)  Yes?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (a little nervous)  Was Yosho as good a
lover as Tenchi?  Or am I just imagining things again?

     CU. SASAMI

     Gaping with shock.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (firm)  I see.  So, I was deluding myself
then, as well.  I see it all very clearly now.  (softly)
Yosho was trying to foist me off on Tenchi to take you for
himself, but now you'll have the last laugh on him.

     CU. WASHU

     Blankly confused.

          WASHU:  Uh...

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Not now, Washu.  Ayeka, I'm begging
you...

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (amused)  It's okay, Sasami.  I'll be very
discreet.  Although, now that I think about it, I'm pretty
sure Funaho already knows, as well.  Yosho isn't as old as
he appears to be.  What a fool I've been.

     HALL

     Ayeka gets up, as Washu hits herself.

          WASHU:  Whoa!

          AYEKA:  I think you'll know where to find me.

     Ayeka leaves, as Washu steadies herself.

          KIMIKO:  Boy!  Even I didn't see that coming.
What a shocking thing to learn.  Sasami, you've really been
holding out on us.

          SASAMI:  Ayeka has the most appalling insights, at
times.

          WASHU:  Okay, just a second.  Let me get this
straight...

42   EXT. OBSCURE HILLSIDE

     The giant planet starts to emerge in the sky above, as
the sky slowly starts to turn to purple.  Ryoko sits under a
tree, looking down in shock.

43   INT. NOBOYUKI'S BEDROOM (B/W--flashback)

     Ryoko glowers for a moment, then starts to stalk toward
the door.

          ALCHEMIST:  (casually)  You should really take
this study more seriously, Ryoko.  It isn't every day that I
offer an apprenticeship.  I'm a very patient man, but even I
have my limits.

          RYOKO:  (a little stunned)  You won't back out of
our arrangement?

          ALCHEMIST:  (musing)  I haven't decided, yet.  As
you are now, I could never let you have Tenchi, but I could
let you borrow him for a little while.  Would that suffice,
Ryoko?

          RYOKO:  (turning, angry)  You son of a bitch!

     CU. ALCHEMIST

          ALCHEMIST:  (chuckling)  You're so amusing to me,
Ryoko.  You know, you're the reason Tenchi doesn't show his
affections toward you, but there is really nothing wrong
with you.  Tenchi doesn't despise you, but you can do
nothing that can impress him.  It's hopeless, you see.

44   EXT. OBSCURE HILLSIDE

     Ryoko looks up, blankly thoughtful.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (softly)  I'm nothing but a sick joke.

45   INT. NOBOYUKI'S BEDROOM (B/W--flashback)

          RYOKO:  (grim and bitter)  Oh!  You are so
disgusting!  Why are you doing this to me?

     The alchemist folds his arms, considering.

          ALCHEMIST:  Would you prefer that I left?  Now
that you know what you know, can you truly go back to what
you were?

          RYOKO:  (stiff, looking down)  No.

          ALCHEMIST:  (casual)  Good.  (firm)  If I disgust
you, it's because I reflect the truth.  I don't have time to
paint a pretty picture of what you would like to think you
are.  The truth is, you disgust me.  I see great potential
in you, Ryoko, but you always fail to utilize it properly
and you always will.

46   EXT. OBSCURE HILLSIDE

     Ryoko closes her eyes, fighting an urge to scream,
apparently.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (resigned)  Who am I kidding?  I was never
a human being.  I'm not even a machine--I'm nothing but a
stone.  I should have stayed buried.

47   INT. MAIN OFFICE

     Tenchi sits up, falls back down and leans over.  A
spasm of coughing seizes him, suddenly.  He gasps for air
and then has another spasm of coughing.  He then falls
unconscious again.

     Tokimi is sitting next to him, quiet and thoughtful.

48   EXT. VILLAGE OUTSKIRTS

     The small village by the lake is very quiet, as Tsunami
approaches on her horse.  She looks around, searching for
someone.  Araya emerges from a hut, looking around in
disbelief.

          ARAYA:  Tsunami?  Is that really you?

     Tsunami looks down for a moment, pondering, then
dismounts her horse.  She looks around, as if casually
disinterested.

          ARAYA:  Tsunami?  Tsunami?  Where in the world
have you been all these years?  We thought you were dead.

     Tsunami frowns, looking at Araya in annoyance.  She
struggles with some thought, as if trying to remember
something.

          TSUNAMI:  (barely audible)  Where is he?

     CU. ARAYA

          ARAYA:  What?

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  Where is he?  Where's Alepios?  I
haven't seen him anywhere.

     VILLAGE

     Araya looks shocked for a moment, then grieved.

          ARAYA:  (softly)  You haven't heard already?

          TSUNAMI:  What--?

          ARAYA:  Tsunami, Alepios is dead.  That's why the
village is in mourning.  (softly)  Damn hypocrites.

     CU. TSUNAMI

     She is rigid with shock.

          TSUNAMI:  No--

     CU. ARAYA

          ARAYA:  It's true, Tsunami.  He just couldn't go
on.  It was all too much.  He threw himself into the
wastelands just a few days ago.  No one could survive a fall
like that.

     VILLAGE

     Tsunami can barely stand.  Araya puts a hand on her
shoulder, as if to help her up.

          ARAYA:  (wistfully)  That's probably why you're
here.  Whoever was holding you prisoner probably just broke.
I can't imagine someone doing such a monstrous thing.  If it
weren't for all these pretenders, I would have never dreamed
such a thing were possible.

     CU. ARAYA

     A little bitter, like someone with a grudge.

          ARAYA:  Alepios was never well-liked, and they
know it.  All his life, they made him the target of their
stupid pranks--calling him pointless or meaningless in their
own way.  In a way, I think he's better off now.

     VILLAGE

     Tsunami breaks off from Araya in disgust, unable to
find any emotion in herself.  She continues to look around
blankly, and then sees a little infant boy approach her.
She reels in fear, backing into Araya.

          ARAYA:  Laren!  (turning to Tsunami)  Isn't he
cute?

          TSUNAMI:  Huh?

          ARAYA:  Little Laren seems to like you, but I
don't think he's old enough to be aware of what he is doing.

     Araya picks up the little infant boy.

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  He's yours?

     CU. ARAYA

          ARAYA:  Yeah.  (subdued)  Well, he's my little
Alepios.  Now, he's all I have left.  I guess this is a
little awkward.

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  How long was I gone?

     CU. ARAYA

          ARAYA:  You were gone for over seven years,
Tsunami.  We honestly thought you were dead.  How else could
you be gone so long?

     VILLAGE

     Tsunami is overcome with shock.  She stumbles out of
the village, leaving the horse.

          ARAYA:  Tsunami?  Tsunami?  Come back!

49   INT. DINING HALL

     Washu is still a little overcome with shock, as Kimiko
and Sasami look at her, considering.  Hikaru walks up to the
table, and looks around in annoyance.

          HIKARU:  (clearing his throat)  We have customers,
girls.

     Washu looks around, a little taken aback.

          KIMIKO:  Hey, Hikaru.  I'm taking a sick day.
Sasami and I are in the middle of something here.

          HIKARU:  It's a little rude to be told like this,
Kimiko.  You know I can't count on those short-timers.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (annoyed)  Uh, if you could excuse me, I'm
actually a paying customer.  I'd like to make an order.

     CU. HIKARU

     He frowns, somewhat mortified.

          HIKARU:  Oh, okay.  I'll be right back.  I just
need to phone a few people.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  How much could Funaho know?  She didn't
actually see you with Yosho, did she?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  I don't think so.  She must have deduced
it, somehow--probably from something Yosho said.  Yosho has
a big mouth, you know.

     HALL

     Kimiko looks down, thoughtful.

          KIMIKO:  You didn't tell him about me, did you?

          SASAMI:  Why would I do that?

          WASHU:  Yosho is very curious, Sasami.  He would
have asked you about things like that.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Not that it's any of your business, but I
told Yosho a great many things.  They weren't all true, of
course, but I doubt he believed my stories, anyway.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  You couldn't just tell him the truth?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (shocked)  The truth!  You know what I
went through?  How could I relive that all over again?  It's
bad enough that I had to share it with Sasami.

50   INT. MAIN OFFICE

     Tenchi looks very pale.  Tokimi looks at him with deep
concern, then gets up to leave.  She returns and sits next
to him again.  Tenchi looks up, a little disoriented.

          TENCHI:  (softly)  I'm going to die.  Nobody could
live through this.  I must look like hell.

          TOKIMI:  (choking)  Don't talk, Tenchi.  You don't
want to waste your strength.

     CU. TENCHI

     He lays back, relieved.

          TENCHI:  Thank you.

     CU. TOKIMI

          TOKIMI:  What for?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  For staying here.  You don't know how
much this means to me.  I just know no one else would have.

     ROOM

     Tokimi looks very ill as Tenchi falls unconscious
again.  She seems very introspective, as she looks over a
few potions.

          TOKIMI:  Not again.  I won't let this happen
again.  Hang in there, boy.

51   EXT. FOREST

     Tsunami narrowly avoids falling into another pit trap.
She looks around, terribly disoriented.

          TSUNAMI:  No.  This isn't happening.  It must be a
bad dream.

     CU. TSUNAMI

     She closes her eyes for a moment, then opens them
again.  She then sighs and casually sits under a tree.  She
looks up, pleadingly.

          TSUNAMI:  Why?  What did I ever do to deserve
this?

     FOREST

     Tsunami looks down, unable to weep, but closing her
eyes, as if wishing she could.  A few moments pass as a
small animal approaches and pounces into her lap.  Tsunami
starts to pet the animal, reflexively.

          TSUNAMI:  (looking down)  Pytho?  What are you
doing here?  Where is your master?

     CU. TSUNAMI

     She continues to pet the animal as she closes her eyes
again.

          TSUNAMI:  You don't have a care in the world, do
you?  You may as well be a little statue.  Why couldn't Mimi
have locked you away, huh?  You would've been happier as a
stone.

     FOREST

     The animal purrs as Tsunami continues to pet it.

          TSUNAMI:  I know.  You can't help what you are.
You're just a pet, aren't you?  Pets always bring us so much
comfort--a constant joy.  You know nothing but unconditional
love.

     CU. TSUNAMI

     She scowls in anger.

          TSUNAMI:  I think you like it that way, don't you?
Life is a real pleasure for you, isn't it?  You're so happy
--so free of worry.  (very grim)  I wish I could be just
like you.

     CU. PYTHO

     He squirms, suddenly alarmed.  Tsunami is twisting him
in her hands.

     CU. TSUNAMI

     She snarls as she rips Pytho apart, literally--with her
bare hands.  She groans and looks down at herself, suddenly
consumed with overpowering guilt.

     FOREST

     Tsunami stands, torn between anger, grief and guilt.
The blood on her hands begins to ripple and bubble around
her.  The little bubbles surround her and slowly lift her
into the tree.  She looks down, sadly, as her body merges
into the tree.

     The tree glows briefly, then fades again.

52   EXT. A CITY STREET

     Ayeka exits a cab, handing something to the driver.
She makes her way to a small building with a sign,
proclaiming it to be 'Cruiser and Shuttle Tours.'  She
mutters to herself as she enters the building.

          AYEKA:  (to herself)  I can't believe I went all
this way just to have to make my way back.  Oh, well.  At
least I have an amusing hobby, now.  Poor Yosho.  I almost
feel sorry for him.

53   INT. MAIN OFFICE

     Tokimi is asleep, still sitting next to Tenchi, as he
awakens.  He sits up and begins coughing again,
uncontrollably.  Tokimi continues to sleep, as Tenchi
groans, clenching his stomach.  He tries to stand, and
nearly keels over.  He sits back down.

          TENCHI:  Whoa!

     He clutches his head in pain.

          TENCHI:  (softly)  Not so loud.

     He frowns, reflexively groaning in pain.  His eyes
start to water, and he wipes his face, annoyed.

     CU. TENCHI

     His face is very pale, like death.

          TENCHI:  Wow, what pain.  This is the worst.

     He looks at Tokimi and curiously smiles.

          TENCHI:  Poor lady.  She must be sick with worry.
I'd better hurry up and get better.

     He lies back down and promptly passes out.

54   INT. DINING HALL

     Washu is looking over a small salad, glaring at Kimiko.

          WASHU:  Forget it.  I'll assimilate anyone else.
I'd rather stick Tenchi and Mihoshi in the same body.

     Sasami seems rather amused, as Kimiko snarls in anger.

          KIMIKO:  That isn't funny, Washu.  You know what
my life is like.  I can't keep a man, and Tokimi can never
stand to be in this dimension long enough to find one.  I'm
in utter misery.

          WASHU:  I said, forget it.  Never.  You're much
better off this way.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  That's easy for you to say.  You could
always raise a family if you really wanted to.  You don't
want to.  You just keep getting smaller.  You get any
smaller, and we'll have to start calling you infant-Washu.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  And that isn't helping.  All I care about
is getting Tenchi back.  Sasami, can't you understand?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Sorry, Washu, but I sympathize with her.
She's been punished enough.  Just put her back together.

     HALL

          WASHU:  You sympathize with her?  You remember
what she was like?

          KIMIKO:  I've changed, Washu.  There's no way I
could possibly be the same person I was before.

          WASHU:  Huh...  You mean you're even worse, now?

          SASAMI:  Washu, try to see it her way.  All she
really did was get mixed up in a little misunderstanding.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (to Kimiko)  You see what I mean?  Even
Sasami is reverting.  (to Sasami)  Pretty soon, you'll
expect me to take care of you again.

     CU. SASAMI

     Sighing in annoyance.

          SASAMI:  Washu, I'm not the weepy little girl you
once knew.  I'm going to have a family.  I'm an adult, now.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  Yeah, Washu.  Cut her some slack.  You
always were a little overbearing.  You're the one who hasn't
changed.

     HALL

          WASHU:  I can't believe what I'm hearing.  (to
Sasami)  I'm trying get your husband back from her alter-
ego, and all you can do is sit there and defend her.  I
thought I knew you, Sasami.

          SASAMI:  (grim)  Evidently not.

          KIMIKO:  I'm not holding anyone hostage, Washu.
If you want Tenchi back, you can have him.  It doesn't
matter anyway.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Why is that?

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  Because the door has been sitting open
the whole time.  It was really just a matter of time before
you would have found it, anyway.

55   INT. MAIN OFFICE

     Tenchi sits up again, scowling in pain.  He looks
around and sees Tokimi, again sleeping--sitting next to his
bed.  He groans and begins to have a coughing fit.  Tokimi
murmurs, as he continues coughing.

          TENCHI:  Oh, man.  I can't go on like this.  How
long have I been here?

     CU. TENCHI

     He leans on his hands, looking around blearily.  He
smiles in some weakened recognition.

          TENCHI:  Oh.  Hello.  Sorry, I can't get up.

     ROOM

     Ryoko and Ayeka have appeared.  They look down at him,
somewhat pitifully.

          RYOKO:  (casual)  Is this really you, Tenchi?  I
destroyed myself for this?  What was I thinking?

     Ayeka rolls her eyes.

          AYEKA:  Don't kid yourself, Ryoko.  You destroyed
yourself because of Kagato, not because of anything Lord
Tenchi did.  Not that it matters, now.

     Tenchi squints and rubs his eyes.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko?  Ayeka?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Sorry, Tenchi.  Just a little flight of
fancy.  I'd tell you more, but I hate creating pardoxes--I
mean, any more than I already have.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Your life is one big paradox, Ryoko.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (sigh)  Anyway, Washu always bugs me
anytime I'm about to do something stupid--

     CU. WASHU

     She suddenly appears.

          WASHU:  Like right now.  Hey there, Tenchi.  Boy,
you look a lot worse than I thought.

     CU. TENCHI

     He gasps for breath, starting to cough again.

     ROOM

     Mihoshi and Sasami suddenly appear.  Mihoshi looks
curiously stiff, and Sasami has a faint glow all around her.

          MIHOSHI:  Hey there, Tenchi!  It's us, again!

          SASAMI:  Hello, Tenchi.  Wow.  You really did get
the worst of it, didn't you?

     Tenchi sighs, coming out of his coughing fit.

          TENCHI:  Oh...  Hey.  Wow, this is nice.  I'm glad
to see all of you again.  Especially you, Little Washu.
It's been too long.

     CU. WASHU

     She looks a little smug.

          WASHU:  I told you he liked me best.

     CU. RYOKO

     She rolls her eyes.

          RYOKO:  Washu, you're such a lousy cheat!  You
know he only said that because he hadn't seen you in years.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Yes.  We should keep in mind that Lord
Tenchi is somewhat delirious, as well.  We came here to
comfort him.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  You came here for me?  I just came here
to meet this lady.  She's my mentor, you know.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  It's okay, Tenchi.  We know all about
Tokimi.  We think your work is just as good, if not better.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (wistful)  Anyway, Tenchi, all that
really matters is that you love your work.  Isn't that true,
Washu?

     ROOM

          WASHU:  Yeah, the kid has a point.

          TENCHI:  (very weak)  Well...  She isn't a kid,
Washu.  She's all grown up, and she's my wife, now.

     Ryoko and Ayeka flinch in distaste.

          RYOKO:  You must be kidding!  This is disgusting.

          AYEKA:  (sigh)  I still can't believe you chose
her over me.

          WASHU:  Careful, girls.  You don't want to upset
him.  He could have a relapse and die.

          MIHOSHI:  But if that happened, how would we be
here?

          WASHU:  It's called a paradox, you nitwit!  Now,
just stay quiet.  Nobody invited you two.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Well, I don't care about paradoxes.  I
think our love transcends all boundaries--time and space, as
well as life and death.  I just wish you would tell me
something, Tenchi.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  What?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  You do love me, right?  Isn't that
enough?  Why would you want anything else?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Anything else?  What do you mean?  Of
course, I love you.

     ROOM

     Ayeka and Ryoko look like they've been slapped, as
Sasami leans near Tenchi.  Tokimi murmurs to herself, again.

          SASAMI:  Well, just look around.  I'm not the only
one standing here.  I can't help wondering if things would
have turned out differently, had you been a little less
attached to the others.

          RYOKO:  Washu, I warned you this might happen.

          AYEKA:  Sasami is very devious, Washu.

          WASHU:  It's okay, girls.  I know Sasami, but I
think I know Tenchi, too.  He isn't about to say anything
stupid, right now.

          TENCHI:  (pondering)  Less attached?  You mean I
should stop caring about them?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Yes, Tenchi.  Just stop.  If you really
love me, then prove it.  Give me all your heart.  Why should
I have to share you?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Why would you ask me something like that?
You know how I feel?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (annoyed)  Yes, Tenchi.  But do you
really know how they feel?  You think they care about you as
much I do?  You think they care as much as you?

     CU. TENCHI

     Pondering, wiping his eyes, trying to form a clear
thought.

          TENCHI:  Hmm...  Well, how do all of you feel?
Tell me the truth.

     ROOM

     Washu smiles, immediately framing a response.

          WASHU:  I'm your angel of mercy, Tenchi.  I'd do
absolutely anything for you.

          TENCHI:  Really?

          WASHU:  Well...  No.  Actually, I really only
wanted you to kiss me.  Damn Ryoko and Ayeka...

     Mihoshi ponders, somewhat vacantly.

          MIHOSHI:  Washu and I both enjoy your little
quirks.  It's very silly, but we like your constant
youthfulness and naivete.

     Ayeka snarls, annoyed.

          AYEKA:  Much as I hate to admit this, I really
only wanted to sleep with you.  I don't like your art or
your music, and I especially dislike your sewing.  I just
cannot let go of this childish fantasy.

     Ryoko looks a little sullen.

          RYOKO:  I just think you're cute, Tenchi...
Although you'd be irresistable with a little mustache.  I
can't even say that I've ever really been in love with you.
I don't even know what love is.  I'm pretty pathetic, huh?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  You see what I mean?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  How do you feel, Sasami?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  I love you with all my heart, Tenchi.  We
deserve the best for each other.  Forget about them.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (amused)  Sasami, you're so greedy.

     CU. SASAMI

     Taken aback.

          SASAMI:  What?

     ROOM

     Tenchi scowls, trying to catch his breath, then
continues.

          TENCHI:  You knew how I felt when we were married.
You're only goading me, now.  Aren't you?

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, this isn't how married people are
supposed to be.  What is love, if it's not exclusive?

          TENCHI:  Who says?  I'll do anything you want, but
I can't stop caring about the others.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (sigh)  This isn't what Yosho would say,
Tenchi.  You know he would disapprove.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  I don't care about Grandpa, Sasami.  I
only want to make my father proud.

     ROOM

          SASAMI:  (frowning)  Your father?  (a little
exasperated)  But Noboyuki is nothing but a scoundrel.

          TENCHI:  (amused)  Yes, he is.  But he's still my
father, and I think more of him than any of you.

     Ayeka and Ryoko look pale, shocked.

          SASAMI:  This is silly, Tenchi.  You want to make
Noboyuki proud of you?

     CU. TENCHI

     Suddenly very annoyed.

          TENCHI:  Sasami.  Don't upset me.  You know I'm
right.  I love my father more than all of you.  He deserves
it.  If you really care about me, you'd understand that.

     CU. WASHU

     Smiling, proudly.

          WASHU:  Like I said.

     ROOM

          TENCHI:  There's someone missing...

          RYOKO:  Who could be missing?

     Just then, Ryo-Ohki appears, looks around and scampers
to Tenchi.

          RYOKO:  Oh no!  I forgot!  We never found her!
This must have been what happened...

     Ayeka and Ryoko look annoyed as Tenchi holds Ryo-Ohki
close, petting her.

          TENCHI:  Hey there!  Boy, did I miss you, girl!
What happened to you?  You look like you've been through a
war zone!

     Washu rolls her eyes and makes a curious gesture.

          WASHU:  Come on, girls.  Time to vanish before we
make a real paradox.

     Ayeka looks thoughtful, then gasps.

          AYEKA:  Little Washu, wait!

     Washu and the others vanish, leaving Tenchi with Ryo-
Ohki.  Tokimi stirs and sits up, a little stunned.

     CU. TOKIMI

     Pointing, a little disgusted.

          TOKIMI:  What is that creature?  What is it doing
here?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (annoyed)  This creature is my friend,
Ryo-Ohki.  She's here to rescue me.  (looking down)  Aren't
you?

56   INT. KIMIKO'S BEDROOM

     Sasami, Washu and Kimiko stand before a glowing silver
door--standing open, right where the mirror was.

          KIMIKO:  Ryo-Ohki left the door open when she went
through a couple hours ago.

          WASHU:  Why not just close it?

          KIMIKO:  The door can only respond to one person
at a time.  That way, once someone opens it, no one else can
close it.

          SASAMI:  Yes.  So, for example, if Tenchi had
opened it, even I could not close it.

     Sasami starts toward the open door.  Washu looks back
at Kimiko.

          WASHU:  Aren't you coming along?

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  This isn't the right way, Washu.  I'll
wait here.  Otherwise, it would be too great a temptation.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Huh?  Well, whatever you say.

57   EXT. GRASSY FIELD

     Sasami goes across a grassy field to a bare rectangle,
followed eventually by Washu.  Tenchi is sitting in the
rectangle beside Ryo-Ohki, sketching in a large pad.  Tokimi
is standing nearby, and she looks up in shock, as Sasami
approaches.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, are you okay?

     CU. TENCHI

     He still looks pale and a little shaky.

          TENCHI:  Oh!  Hey, Sasami!  Well, I feel like I've
got a bag of ice in my stomach, and my head still hurts, but
I think I'm going to be all right.

     CU. SASAMI

     Sitting down next to Tenchi.

          SASAMI:  Hey, you're right!  You look pretty beat
up, too.  (to Tokimi)  Hey, what have you been giving him to
eat?  Tenchi has a very delicate constitution, you know.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  No, I don't.  You're the one with the
delicate constitution, Sasami.

     RECTANGLE

     Washu enters the rectangle, glaring at Tokimi for a
moment, then sitting across from Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  Hey, Little Washu!  You're back!  This is
great.  It's been way too long.

          WASHU:  I'm very glad to see you again, Tenchi.  I
just wish you had taken better care of yourself.

     Tenchi looks around.

          TENCHI:  Where are the others?  Isn't Ryoko or
Ayeka with you?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Ryoko's already heard, Tenchi.  So has
Ayeka.  I was forced to tell them because Kimiko was being
rather stubborn about you.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Kimiko?  What does Kimiko have to do with
all this?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Never mind.  The important thing is that
you're okay, right?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Yeah, I'll be fine.  Damn.  I just wish
you hadn't had to have gone through that all by yourself,
Sasami.  I feel terrible about that.  Don't worry, though.
Ryoko and Ayeka will be fine.  If I know them, they're
already fighting with each other again over something
stupid.

     RECTANGLE

     Washu stands and gestures to the others.

          WASHU:  Well, let's get out of here.  This place
is creepy.  I can't imagine how you put up with it.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi was only here for about ten hours,
Washu.

          WASHU:  Yeah, but here, that translates to about
six or seven days.  Tokimi likes these little time-curves,
remember?

     Sasami stands, and helps Tenchi stand.

          SASAMI:  Six or seven days?  Tokimi must have made
a supreme effort of will to stay in this dimension for that
long.  You know, Little Washu, I could assimilate her,
myself.  It's really nothing for me.  I consider myself an
expert, now.

          WASHU:  (annoyed)  You go ahead and do that.
Don't come crawling to me, though, when she ruins your life
again.  She came pretty close to doing that here, as it was.

     Sasami slumps, looking back and forth between Tokimi
and Washu.  Tokimi is sullen and silent.

          TENCHI:  Assimilate her?  With who?  Kimiko?  Why
would you do that?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Because Tokimi and Kimiko are really the
same person, Tenchi.  They can't live a normal life as they
are, but she would never be a normal person, even if she
were assimilated, either.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Why is that?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Because she is a monster, Tenchi.  You
must have realized that, by now.  She loves everyone so
much, she leaves a trail of destruction in her wake, like
Godzilla with a big heart.

     RECTANGLE

     Tenchi, Sasami and Washu start to leave the rectangle.
Tenchi looks back, pondering.

          TENCHI:  She's looks so pathetic, though.  I wish
someone could do something for her.

     Ryo-Ohki looks back and forth, then scampers up to
Tokimi.  Tokimi sighs and picks up Ryo-Ohki, petting her.
The others go back and Sasami holds out her hands to Ryo-
Ohki.

     CU. RYO-OHKI

     Ryo-Ohki snarls and makes a swipe at Sasami with a paw.

     CU. SASAMI

     Very surprised.

          SASAMI:  Ryo-Ohki?  What has gotten into you?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  I think Ryo-Ohki doesn't like Tsunami.
Ryo-Ohki can be very particular, you know?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Yes, and very perceptive, too.  Funny,
that she likes Tokimi better than you.

     CU. SASAMI

     Scowling in anger.

          SASAMI:  Ryo-Ohki, I'm your friend.  I would never
do anything to hurt you.  You know that.

     RECTANGLE

     Washu takes Ryo-Ohki, and they slowly leave the
rectangle again.

58   EXT. GRASSY FIELD

     They approach the door, and Washu stops and sighs.  She
hands Ryo-Ohki to Tenchi and looks back.  Sasami stops at
the door, inquisitive.

          SASAMI:  Washu?  What is it?

          WASHU:  You all go on.  Now that I've thought
about it, Sasami, I think you're right.  Tokimi has been
punished enough--but we do this my way.  I'm the only one
who can put her back together properly.

          TENCHI:  You mean, with dominant and recessive
personas?

          WASHU:  Something like that...  Go on.

59   EXT. GRASSY FIELD

     Washu goes back to the rectangle, where Tokimi is still
standing.  Washu glares at Tokimi for a moment, then brings
up her console, typing for a moment.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (shocked)  Earth?

     CU. TOKIMI

          TOKIMI:  (amused)  Where else?

     RECTANGLE

     Washu looks down at her display again, pondering.

          WASHU:  Oh, I see.  You use a force field to keep
it hidden.  Disguised as molten rock--very clever.

     She types for a few moments.

          TOKIMI:  So, you'll do it, after all.  You're
going to assimilate me?

          WASHU:  Yes, but you won't be Mimi, again.  That's
for sure.

          TOKIMI:  That's okay.  I just hate what I am right
now.  It's a real chore, being so good and kind all the
time.

          WASHU:  I can imagine--yes, I thought you might be
that way.  That's why I'm going to make Kimiko the dominant
side of your persona.  It's the natural lean, anyway.  You'd
never stay in this dimension, otherwise.

     CU. TOKIMI

          TOKIMI:  This is incredible.  We'll be like a
family again.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Well, don't get your hopes up.

     RECTANGLE

     Washu hits one button, and a bright flash goes through
the air, followed by a low boom.

          TOKIMI:  What do you mean?  What have you done?

          WASHU:  (casual)  I still haven't forgiven you for
what you did to Tsunami.  And there's that matter of what
you did to me.  You robbed me of seven years of my life,
too.  Did you think I'd forgotten?

     Tokimi gapes in shock.

          TOKIMI:  Robbed?  You were on vacation.  I thought
your delay in returning was intentional.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  You didn't sabotage my time-machine?
Hmm...  Well, it doesn't matter.  I can't encourage your
present attitude.  Don't worry, though.  I will assimilate
you, but only after I get back.  I have to go gather some
materials.  It takes a lot of energy to do an assimilation,
properly.

     RECTANGLE

     Washu puts away her console again, and starts to leave.

          TOKIMI:  When will you get back?  How long will
that be?

          WASHU:  Oh, no more than a week or two.  Of
course, you'll still be here.

          TOKIMI:  How do you know that?  What did you do to
my force field?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  I've just reversed the polarity on the
gates, and keyed it to my astral pattern.  Anyone can enter,
now, but only I can leave.  I destroyed your machine, too.
So, only I can undo it.

     CU. TOKIMI

          TOKIMI:  You destroyed my machine?

     CU. WASHU

     A little irritated, thoughtful.

          WASHU:  What do you care?  After you're
assimilated, you won't want to come back here, will you?

     CU. TOKIMI

          TOKIMI:  Oh.  Right.

     CU. WASHU

     Turning again, pondering casually.

          WASHU:  This way, when I get back, you'll be used
to this dimension.  There's nothing wrong with it, you know.
It's just a little more dangerous.  Accidents do happen.
See you, Tokimi.

     RECTANGLE

     Washu leaves, and Tokimi starts to go after her, then
stops, subdued.

60   INT. DINING HALL

     Kimiko, Washu and Sasami are sitting at a table.
Kimiko has her head lying in her arms on the table, passed
out.  Washu looks at Kimiko suspiciously, then at Sasami.

          WASHU:  Is she really passed out?

          SASAMI:  She sure looks like it.  I doubt she
really cares what we talk about, anyway.  She really only
wanted to be put back together, again.  In a way, this is a
lot harder on her than Tokimi.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (smiling)  I know.  Who do you think I'm
really punishing, here?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (sigh)  You're right.  She does need to
be properly punished.

     CU. WASHU

     She looks down, a little nervous.

          WASHU:  You said before that Tenchi wants a
family, right?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Yeah...

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Does that mean what I think it does?

     CU. SASAMI

     Amused, half-surprised.

          SASAMI:  What are you saying, Washu?  Sometimes,
you can be very vague.

     HALL

     Washu looks around, somewhat exasperated.

          WASHU:  I mean, are you having a child?  You
aren't already expecting, are you?

     Sasami gapes in feigned shock.

          SASAMI:  Little Washu!  What a shocking thing to
say, right out of the blue!

          WASHU:  Well?

          SASAMI:  Yes, of course.  You know I would never
be happy, otherwise.  I want everything.

     CU. WASHU

     Frowning with disgust.

          WASHU:  Sasami, you know it's quite impossible.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Why is that?  Actually, I happen to know
that I'm having a little girl.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Tenchi's child, right?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Who else?  What are you saying, Little
Washu?

     HALL

     Washu ponders carefully for a moment.

          WASHU:  Sasami, you know about genetics?  You are
quadruple-recessive.

          SASAMI:  So?

          WASHU:  Well, you know what they say--recessive
quads cannot match with less than racial fourths.

          SASAMI:  I fail to see the point.

     CU. WASHU

     Leaning over near Sasami.

          WASHU:  Tenchi is one-eighth, Sasami.  You can't
possibly be having his child...  Not unless...  Think about
it.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (shocked)  Oh, I see.  (mortified)  It
looks bad, doesn't it?

     CU. WASHU

     Flinching with disgust.

          WASHU:  I meant, besides the obvious.  You see, if
this child was conceived of Tenchi and Tsunami, it means
that she'll be powerful.  Maybe even as powerful as you.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (thoughtful)  Oh, boy.  Tenchi really
will have his work cut out for him, huh?

     CU. WASHU

     Glaring at Sasami.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  What?

THE END




