
Author:   Mike Fenton <mpfenton@hotmail.com>
Title:    AFS #7 (SENSELESS SILLINESS)
Notes:    Regular (OVA), script format
Summary:  Stories of adventure and daring rescues.

[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EXT. HILLSIDE MANSION

     A fuzzy redness hovers on the horizon of an otherwise
completely darkened sky.  Tilt down to a small mansion on
the side of a rolling hill, surrounded by desert shrubs and
little patches of trees.

          OLD MAN:  (OC)  Go to sleep, little one.  It's no
time to be staying up.

2    INT. BEDROOM

     An old man looks down at the form a girl, lying in bed.
She squirms and pouts, stubborn and disdainful.  (The girl
has long, dark red hair, and appears to be scowling most of
the time.  The old man is balding and thin, and appears to
have a slight smile and an easy manner most of the time.)

          GIRL:  Oh...  It's too hot.  How can I sleep when
the air is so dry?

     The old man stands next to the bed and gestures with an
unlit cigar.

          OLD MAN:  Just get used to it.  This isn't Jurai,
you know.

          GIRL:  Dry--dry--dry--dry...

          OLD MAN:  (rolling his eyes)  Oh, all right.  If
you be quiet and promise to go to sleep, I'll tell you a
story.

          GIRL:  (looking up, gasping)  A story?  All right!
Tell me a story!

     The old man pulls up a chair and sitting, adjusting his
glasses.

          OLD MAN:  Now, I'm going to tell you about things
that happened centuries ago, and I'm going to be reciting
from memory...  You know what I mean?

     The girl sits up, briefly contemplating.

          GIRL:  No...

     The old man lights his cigar.

          OLD MAN:  It means I'm a little fuzzy on the
details, so don't expect everything to add up, okay?

          GIRL:  Okay!  What's it about?

          OLD MAN:  It's a story about two little
princesses--one older, one younger.

          GIRL:  Are they pretty?

          OLD MAN:  Yes--

          GIRL:  Are they nice?

          OLD MAN:  Of course--

          GIRL:  (hardly containing herself)  Oh!  Is this
about pirates?

     The old man glares at the girl in anger for a moment,
then is suddenly pleasant.

          OLD MAN:  You want to hear the story or not?

     The girl lays back, sullen.

          GIRL:  I'll be quiet.  Go on.

          OLD MAN:  Okay.  Once, there were two princesses.
They had recently run away from Jurai, and they had found
themselves on a remote planet.

          GIRL:  (softly)  Whoa!

          OLD MAN:  The older one was on a quest, but her
journey often caused them both to end up in one adventure
after another.  Anytime they happened to encounter trouble,
the younger one would insist that they stop and help.  Or,
sometimes, she would go off without waiting at all...

3    EXT. FLOATING ONSEN

     Bright sunlight sparkles off the illogically floating
hot springs.

4    INT. POOLS

     Ryoko bathes, as Sasami peeks in.  Ryoko looks around,
curiously.  Sasami scans the area, suspiciously, stopping to
glare at Ryoko for a moment, then exits.

          RYOKO:  Geez!  I wonder what that's about?

5    TITLE:  "EPISODE 7:  SENSELESS SILLINESS"

6    INT. MAIN HALL

     Mihoshi is sitting at the sofa looking through a book,
as Ayeka knits at the chair.

          MIHOSHI:  (reading)  'Stairway construction
consists of several components--the fundamental rule being
the proportion between the riser and the tread.  The
stringers are cut to support the risers and treads.  The
rough work is finished off with a skirting board--placed on
either side of the steps...'

          AYEKA:  Mihoshi, this is all old material to me.
Could we move on to another subject, please?

          MIHOSHI:  (a little irritated)  That's 'teacher,'
Miss Ayeka.

          AYEKA:  (rolling her eyes)  Yes, of course.  Miss
Mihoshi Teacher, can we please change the subject?  This one
is becoming monotonous.

     Mihoshi lies down on the sofa, still holding the book
up.

          MIHOSHI:  Really?  I think it's fascinating.  I
never knew architecture was so complicated.  (flipping
through the book)  Uh, let's see...  Here we go.

          AYEKA:  (under her breath)  I really must demand a
replacement for her.

          MIHOSHI:  'Orientation of the rooms with respect
to the position of the sun is a significant determinant in
planning.  A living room, for example, should be located on
the southwest side, bedrooms and dining room on the
southeast side, and the kitchen on the east side.'

     Mihoshi stops for a moment, drowsily reading on.

          MIHOSHI:  'Dining rooms should also face the east,
so that sunlight is provided during breakfast.  The windows
should be placed in a manner that provides illumination for
midday during winter, and provides shade during the warmer
months of...'

     Mihoshi sleeps as the book rests open on her face.
Ayeka looks up, a little relieved.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  About time.

     Sasami enters and looks around at Ayeka and Mihoshi.
Ayeka gestures at Sasami, and Sasami softly exits toward the
kitchen.  Ayeka gets up and starts to leave.

          AYEKA:  Now, to find a good place to hide for a
while.

     Mihoshi continues sleeping as Ayeka exits toward the
entrance, and Yosho enters from the kitchen.

          YOSHO:  Hide and seek, again?

7    EXT. NEAR ENTRANCE

     Ayeka stands, facing the guardians--Azaka and Kamidake.

          AYEKA:  Azaka, make certain that I am not
followed.

          AZAKA:  Yes, your highness.

          AYEKA:  Kamidake, come with me.

          KAMIDAKE:  As you wish, Princess.

8    EXT. CARROT FIELDS

     Tenchi takes a break from working in the field.

          TENCHI:  Boy, it's sure nice to be back, working.
It's awfully hot, though.

9    EXT. HILLSIDE MANSION

     The horizon begins glowing red, and stars begin to fade
in the night sky.

10   INT. BEDROOM

     The old man ponders for a moment, thinking.

          OLD MAN:  The older one was called 'Ayeka,' and
the younger 'Sasami.'  The planet they had landed on was far
from any known planets, and had not even been colonized by
the Juraian empire.

          GIRL:  Oh, I've heard of them!

          OLD MAN:  Yes, I'm sure you have.  And Ayeka
explored in many places, searching for her older brother,
Yosho.  No one had known where he went, and the emperor--her
father--sent out ships to try to take her back from time to
time.  Since no one knew where he had gone, she chose the
most direct route away from Jurai, and that led her to an
old boundary world.

     The girl yawns and lies back, very sleepy.

11   EXT. DUSTY COUNTRYSIDE

     The Ryo-Oh hangs high overhead, as Ayeka and Sasami
approach an old building--weathered and beaten--the streets
empty and clogged with swirling dust.

          OLD MAN:  (OC)  Now, the princesses had discovered
the remains of an old outpost--once, the station of a
legendary general in the auxiliary forces of the ancient
Galaxy Union army.  Ayeka hoped that the old man could
provide a clue about where Yosho had gone to finish off the
demon, Ryoko.

12   INT. BEDROOM

     The girl looks up, surprise in her face.

          GIRL:  Ryoko?  The space-pirate?

          OLD MAN:  Yes...  Anyway, by this time, they were
growing a little impatient, and they were hoping for any
kind of clue.

13   EXT. OLD BUILDING

     Ayeka looks into a window of the building, as Sasami
sits nearby, holding a pet.

          OLD MAN:  (OC)  Just at that moment, they met a
young woman...

          AYEKA:  There doesn't appear to be anyone here.

     A woman wearing heavy robes runs up to them.

          SASAMI:  Ayeka--

          AYEKA:  Not now, Sasami.

          WOMAN:  Hello...

     Ayeka turns.

          SASAMI:  Hello.  My name is Sasami.  What's yours?

     Ayeka protectively moves between Sasami and the woman.

          AYEKA:  Sasami, please stay out of this.  We're
not here to converse with strangers.

          SASAMI:  Sorry, Ayeka.  I'm just being polite.

          WOMAN:  Is there something I can do for you?

          AYEKA:  We've made a mistake.  I was certain the
old general was still here.

          WOMAN:  You mean General Morgan?

          SASAMI:  That's him!

     Ayeka looks back at the woman, skeptical.

          AYEKA:  How do you know the old general?

          WOMAN:  I can explain inside.

          AYEKA:  Inside?

     The wind picks up for a moment, sending a cloud of dust
around them.

          WOMAN:  This is my home we're standing in front
of.

          AYEKA:  I see.

          WOMAN:  (gesturing)  If you would, please?

          SASAMI:  Ayeka is really curious.  She just
doesn't want to admit it.

          AYEKA:  Sasami!

          SASAMI:  (to Ayeka)  It's true.  (to the woman)
We really need a place to begin.  Ayeka can't even start to
guess where Brother went.

     The woman smiles, her expression softening.

          WOMAN:  Oh, is that it?  Well, then...  You should
really come inside.  And my name is Lamalia.

14   INT. BEDROOM

     The girl gasps, suddenly intent.

          GIRL:  Lamalia!  But that's--

          OLD MAN:  Yes.  You both have the same name.

15   EXT. NEAR STRANGE CAVE

     Ayeka looks around, as Kamidake floats nearby.

          AYEKA:  Strange.  Is there no one on duty?

          KAMIDAKE:  The perimeter was recalled after the
last council session, your Highness--

          AYEKA:  Oh, yes.  I remember.  (gesturing)
Kamidake, guard the entrance.  Let no one enter while I am
in here.

          KAMIDAKE:  I will guard it without fail, your
highness.

16   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami is standing with her back to the sink, a little
listless, as Mihoshi enters.

          MIHOSHI:  Sasami, where's Ayeka?  Have you seen
her?

     Sasami looks up, merely acknowledging Mihoshi's
presence.

          SASAMI:  Oh, hey...

          MIHOSHI:  (blankly confused)  It isn't time to eat
already, is it?  What are you making?

          SASAMI:  (suddenly furious)  I'm not making a damn
thing!  I hate you all!

     Mihoshi looks on in shock as Sasami bursts into tears
and runs from the kitchen.

          MIHOSHI:  What did I do?

     Tenchi enters from the main hall, and looks around.

          TENCHI:  Hey, Mihoshi.  What's up?  Is Sasami
around?

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  I think I'd better go find Ayeka.

17   INT. FORTRESS HALLWAY

     Ayeka is carrying a small torch, looking around at the
connecting doors.

          AYEKA:  (muttering)  I don't see what the big deal
is.  Not much of a fortress, if you ask me.

     The hallway slowly blends into a small trail of dirt
between two forests.

          AYEKA:  Hmm...  Now, this is interesting.  No one
ever told me about this.

18   EXT. HILLSIDE MANSION

     A large red orb hangs on the horizon, providing faint
illumination in the night sky.

19   INT. BEDROOM

     The old man stops to think for a moment.

          OLD MAN:  Now, the young Lamalia was not so young
as you, of course.  She was also very pleasant and kind.

          GIRL:  (pouting a little)  I'm kind, too.

          OLD MAN:  Of course.  But this one was filled with
grief, to hear of Ayeka's problem, and although she knew
exactly what to do, she wasn't eager to help out the young
princesses...  Not right away, at least.

20   INT. OLD BUILDING

     The main room of the old building is well-furnished--
several straight chairs surround an old, but well-built
table.  A doorway leads to a small kitchen around the side,
and a stairway leads up into bedrooms.  Under the stairway
is a small library--partly separated from the main room by
small partitions made of tapestries.  Hanging lights provide
illumination in every part of the main room.

          OLD MAN:  (OC)  You see, the young woman had lost
someone very dear to her, as well.

          LAMALIA:  Please, make yourselves comfortable.
I'll go get something to drink.

     Lamalia gestures, and Sasami and Ayeka sit at the
table.  Lamalia exits to the kitchen.

          SASAMI:  Wow.  It seems a lot nicer in here than
from the outside.

          AYEKA:  Yes.  I'm very surprised, myself.

          SASAMI:  It's no palace, but it's very nice,
anyway.

          AYEKA:  (pondering)  I wonder if this woman is
related to the old general?

     Lamalia returns with a pitcher and some cups.

          LAMALIA:  It's not much, but I've managed to find
us something.

          SASAMI:  (excited)  Wow!  Thanks!

     Lamalia sets the cups and the pitcher down on the
table, thinking for a moment.

          LAMALIA:  Oh dear, I think I've forgotten the
spruce.  You can take your tea without it, I suppose?

          AYEKA:  It's quite all right.

          LAMALIA:  (taking the pitcher)  Yes, it hardly
matters much, now.  I keep thinking that I should store some
away, and then we get a storm and I forget all about spices
and such.  I really should write some of this down.

     Sasami smiles, as Ayeka blankly scowls.

          AYEKA:  If it's not too much trouble, I was hoping
you could tell us where General Morgan went?  I'm very
grateful that you seem to know him, but I really must ask
him a few questions.

     Lamalia pours some tea.

          LAMALIA:  The general?  Oh, yes.  I was just going
to introduce you to him.  You see, he lives in a place not
far from here.

     Sasami picks up her cup.

          SASAMI:  Really?  That's great!  We could leave
right away, then!

          AYEKA:  (frowning at Sasami)  Sasami, let's not be
rude.  We're guests here.

     Lamalia sits at the table.

          LAMALIA:  Oh, it's all right.  I'm used to people
coming and going.  No one ever stays more than a day or two,
anyway.  Even my own family disappears on me.

     Lamalia picks up her cup, apparently deep in thought.

          LAMALIA:  My poor uncle!  He goes away on a mining
expedition and never returns!  I haven't heard a word from
him, since then!

     Lamalia slowly takes a drink, and Sasami exchanges a
look with Ayeka.

          SASAMI:  You think he might have been taken
captive?

          AYEKA:  (softly)  Not again.

          LAMALIA:  It's terrible!  I can't stand thinking
about it.  He was right here, only a few weeks ago.  I keep
thinking I'll see him again, but I'm all alone.

          SASAMI:  (glancing at Ayeka)  We'll help you out!
(looking around)  Right, Ayeka?

          AYEKA:  (looking sorrowfully at her cup)  Yes, of
course.  (softly)  It's just fate, playing cruel tricks on
me again.

21   EXT. FOGGY TRAIL

     Ayeka's torch merely illuminates a dense fog that has
surrounded her on all sides.  A soft voice pierces through
the fog, somewhat similar to Ayeka's own voice.

          VOICE:  Is there someone else here?

     Another voice immediately replies--speaking abruptly,
as Ayeka looks around in shock.

          SECOND VOICE:  I don't know.  Maybe you could try
asking.  And, anyway, who would be foolish enough to be
wandering around down here?

     Ayeka flinches in surprise.

          AYEKA:  Washu?  Is that you?

     A third voice cuts through the fog.

          THIRD VOICE:  It's going to be all right.  I think
we know her.

     Ayeka ponders briefly, then is suspicious.

          AYEKA:  (VO)  Sasami?  But that can't be!

22   INT. AYEKA'S BEDROOM

     Sasami is lying in her bed, crying.  Mihoshi softly
slides open the door.

          MIHOSHI:  Sasami?  Are you all right?

     Sasami looks up and then looks away, extremely
mortified.

          MIHOSHI:  Sasami, why do you hate me?  What I have
done wrong?

     Mihoshi slowly enters, and Sasami looks down, just as
Ryo-Ohki enters.  Ryo-Ohki looks up at Sasami, very
pleasantly.

     Sasami looks at Ryo-Ohki through anger and grief.

     Mihoshi flinches as Sasami suddenly hugs her and
continues weeping.

          SASAMI:  (muffled)  Oh, I'm so sorry, Mihoshi!
Please, just forget whatever I said before!  I feel so
awful!

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  (chuckling)  Okay, but why were
you so angry to begin with?

          SASAMI:  (wiping her face)  It's nothing.  Forget
it.

          MIHOSHI:  (confused)  But--

          SASAMI:  (annoyed again)  Please!  I said it's
nothing!

     Ryo-Ohki frowns--puzzled--as Sasami bursts into tears
again.  Ryoko suddenly appears at the doorway, and curiously
looks in.

          RYOKO:  Still?  This is weird--even for little
Miss Princess, here.

23   INT. KITCHEN

     Tenchi and Yosho are standing in front of the cutting
board--Tenchi is preparing some food.

          YOSHO:  I believe you're starting to get the hang
of it.

          TENCHI:  (flinching in pain)  Ouch!

          YOSHO:  (rolling his eyes)  Be careful, Tenchi.
It's very easy to cut yourself.

          TENCHI:  (glaring back at Yosho)  Thanks a lot,
Grandpa.

24   EXT. DUSTY STREET

     Dust swirls around the forms of three people, slowly
emerging toward the old building.  Lamalia watches as the
three forms slowly resolve into Sasami, Ayeka and a middle-
aged man.

          OLD MAN:  (OC)  True to their word, the princesses
rescued the young woman's uncle from the slave mines--
sneaking him away in the middle of the night.

     Lamalia runs forward and hugs the middle-aged man.

          LAMALIA:  Uncle!

25   INT. BEDROOM

     The girl sits, up a little irritated.

          GIRL:  That's it?  I thought you were going to
tell me how they did it.  Where's the adventure, the
excitement, the drama?

     The old man sighs, covering his face with one hand.

          OLD MAN:  You really know how to ruin a good
story, don't you?

          GIRL:  Huh?

     The old man leans forward, face to face with the girl.

          OLD MAN:  It's rubbish, kid.  Trust me.  In real
life, things like that just don't happen.  They went in,
grabbed the guy and got out.  Badabing-badaboom.  Nothing to
it.

          GIRL:  (disappointed)  That's all?

          OLD MAN:  Yep.  (leaning back, smoking his cigar
again)  Oh, well, I never said that this was the end of the
story, did I?

          GIRL:  Huh?

          OLD (smiling)  MAN:  I'm just warming up, you
know?

26   INT. OLD BUILDING

     Lamalia and the other three are standing around--Sasami
and Ayeka watching as Lamalia and her uncle talk.

          OLD MAN:  (OC)  And so, reunited with her long,
lost uncle, Lamalia was overjoyed, and longed to hear of the
many trials he had endured--and Lamalia thanked the
princesses.

     Ayeka rolls her eyes with boredom, as Lamalia
continually thanks her and Sasami.

          AYEKA:  Yes, yes...  You're very welcome.  Now,
what can you tell me about Morgan?

          LAMALIA:  (hesitant)  I know you wish to see the
general, but...  Well, Uncle...?

     The middle-aged man looks at Ayeka and Sasami sadly.

          UNCLE:  It's just as I said before, your Highness.
Neither one of us can remember what he looks like.  Now, if
you were to ask my brother...

          AYEKA:  But, you said you knew the place where he
lives...

          LAMALIA:  Yes.  I know the town, but I cannot
remember exactly which house.

     Ayeka sighs deeply, growing annoyed.

          AYEKA:  Okay, where is your brother?

          UNCLE:  I don't remember.  Isn't he here?

          LAMALIA:  Father said he was going into town to
sell our copper-wares.  I think he must have been captured
by bounty-hunters.

          AYEKA:  (trying hard not to grimace)  Bounty-
hunters?

          LAMALIA:  (looking downward in embarrassment)
Yes.  It shames me to say this, but we didn't technically
own the copper-wares.  They were given to us in exchange for
our groundcar, but I found out just recently that they had
been stolen.

          UNCLE:  (very surprised)  Stolen?!  Oh, no!  We
must go get Brother back!  This is all a terrible
misunderstanding.

          AYEKA:  (folding her arms)  And I suppose you
expect us to help?

     Lamalia looks at Ayeka--pleadingly, then exhilarated.

          LAMALIA:  Oh, you will?  Thank you, so much!

     Ayeka grimly muses to herself.

          AYEKA:  (VO)  This had better be worth it.

27   EXT. FOGGY TRAIL

     The voices are still lost in the fog, albeit the trees
near the trail are becoming more and more distinct.

          FIRST VOICE:  Does she see the future?  We should
test her.

          SECOND VOICE:  How do we do that?  She's not easy
to extract information from.  Even Kagato couldn't find out
where--

          FIRST VOICE:  We have to think of something.

          THIRD VOICE:  I think it would be wise to test her
devotion.

          SECOND VOICE:  I think she's already proven that.

          THIRD VOICE:  No--I mean her devotion to Jurai.

     Ayeka takes a step back, worried.

          AYEKA:  Wait a minute.  You're not Sasami!  I left
Sasami in the kitchen.  Just what is going on, here?

     The fog rolls for a moment, as silence hovers in the
air.

          FIRST VOICE:  Yes, that would be wise.  Then we
can deduce how much she really knows.

     An image of Tsunami slowly emerges from the fog, and
Ayeka freezes in shock.  Tsunami stands no more than a
couple feet from Ayeka, as she gently considers.

          TSUNAMI:  Ayeka, I know you would do anything if I
asked you to, but would you even defy Yosho for me?

          AYEKA:  (flustered)  W-w-what?

     Tsunami looks downward, slowly approaching Ayeka even
closer.

          TSUNAMI:  You must know by now that Yosho is
planning to marry you to Tenchi, soon, but the time isn't
right.

          AYEKA:  (barely able to speak)  He is?  H-how do
you know this?

          TSUNAMI:  (gazing intently)  He has already made
several discreet arrangements, meant to surprise you.

          AYEKA:  (confused)  What does that have to do with
Jurai?  Don't you approve?

     Tsunami is a little surprised, then smiles, nicely.

          TSUNAMI:  Ayeka, it would never do to have Tenchi
marry you just before the emperor arrives.  Yosho hasn't
been made aware, but the king is coming, and will soon be
here.

     Tsunami takes a step back again, serious.

          TSUNAMI:  I'm afraid Yosho isn't going to wait for
Tenchi's approval, either.  He's becoming impatient, and he
knows that Tenchi will go along, just to be polite.

          AYEKA:  But--

          TSUNAMI:  (softly)  Ayeka, Tenchi's not a child,
anymore.  Yosho expects far too much of him, and it may cost
him his life if the emperor arrives in the middle of all
this.  Do you understand?

          AYEKA:  I...  I think so.  What do you want me to
do?

          TSUNAMI:  Yosho is crafty, Ayeka.  Remember how he
tricked you into making Mihoshi your mentor?

28   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka is sitting at the sofa, holding a pen and paper.
Yosho is sitting across from her.  Ayeka gasps, softly,
after a glance at the paper.

          AYEKA:  (clearly shocked)  This is in the same
hand...  You wrote that other petition...

     Yosho is carefully indifferent.

          AYEKA:  (chuckling)  I underestimated you, I see. 
You know me too well.  (she signs)

          YOSHO:  (just a hint of smugness)  I see right
through you, Ayeka.  But you need not fear.  I am looking
out for you, remember?

29   EXT. FOGGY TRAIL

     Tsunami sees comprehension lighting in Ayeka's eyes.

          TSUNAMI:  Yosho would think nothing of tricking
Tenchi into making some rash proposal to you.  Tenchi is
still very naive, after all.

          AYEKA:  What does that matter?  If we were
together, it would work out anyway.  I know it would.

          TSUNAMI:  (gently)  Doesn't it matter?  Would you
really go along with Tenchi, even if his heart wasn't
completely in it?

          AYEKA:  (matter-of-factly)  Yes, I would.  And, I
don't really buy this nonsense about there being any danger
from the emperor.  If my father comes, I'll deal with him.

     Tsunami is a little taken-aback, then sighs.

          TSUNAMI:  I see.  You really are more devoted to
me than Jurai.  Thank you, Ayeka.

          AYEKA:  (grimly smug)  If Tenchi proposed to me--
even in a mocking, sarcastic way--I would gladly accept it.
You should know that.

     Tsunami slowly disappears into the fog, as Ayeka
congratulates herself.

          AYEKA:  Yes, a fine idea.

          SECOND VOICE:  Well, that settles that.  No way
she could possibly know the future.

          FIRST VOICE:  Hmm...  I'm not convinced.

     Above, the alchemist is sitting on a cloud, high above--
rubbing his chin.

          ALCHEMIST:  (VO)  She sees it too, eh?

30   INT. MAIN HALL

     Mihoshi sits at the table, where Yosho and Ryoko are
already sitting--eating.  Tenchi enters from the kitchen,
holding a plate of food.  He sets it on the table and looks
around.

          TENCHI:  Isn't Sasami going to eat?

          RYOKO:  (smiling)  Hey, Tenchi!  Great stuff!  I
love it...

     Tenchi scratches his head, still looking around.

          TENCHI:  Where's Ayeka?  Is she out on diplomatic
chores, again?

          YOSHO:  Tenchi, sit down and eat.  No point in
worrying about those two.  They can look after themselves.

     Ryoko grins, gesturing.

          RYOKO:  Yeah, Tenchi.  (winking)  Sit by me.

          TENCHI:  (frowning)  I don't know.  I should check
up.

     Tenchi picks up a bowl and some sticks and starts
toward the stairs.

          RYOKO:  (VO)  That brat!  I'm going to get her for
this.

          MIHOSHI:  Where did Ayeka disappear to?

          YOSHO:  Somewhere she didn't want anyone to follow
her to.  (sighing)  She takes after Mother--always meddling
a little too much.

          RYOKO:  We're not going to rescue her again?

          YOSHO:  No.  I refuse to interfere in her affairs.

31   EXT. DUSTY STREET

     Lamalia and her uncle watch as three forms emerge
through the swirling dust into Ayeka, Sasami and Lamalia's
father.

          LAMALIA:  Father!

     Lamalia runs forward and hugs her father.

32   INT. BEDROOM

     The old man stops, adjusting his glasses and taking his
cigar in his hand.

     The girl appears to be asleep.

          OLD MAN:  (softly)  Works every time...

          GIRL:  You can go on.  I'm not asleep.

          OLD MAN:  Huh?

     The girl opens her eyes and smiles.

          GIRL:  I'm still awake.  What happened after the
father came back?

     The old man leans back in his chair, and puts the cigar
in his mouth.

          OLD MAN:  Well, let me think...  Oh yeah--

33   INT. OLD BUILDING

     Ayeka looks bored as Sasami and Lamalia talk with
Lamalia's uncle and father.

          OLD MAN:  (OC)  Although encouraged by their
success with the rescue missions, the older princess began
to grow suspicious of the young woman's intentions, and she
began to doubt whether they would ever discover the location
of General Morgan.

     Ayeka folds her arms, annoyed.

          AYEKA:  Now, can we go see the general?
(addressing the father)  You know what Morgan looks like?

          FATHER:  (scratching his head)  Yes...  Well, I
used to.  It was many years ago.  I'm sorry.

     Lamalia suddenly thinks of something.

          LAMALIA:  Wait a minute.  Didn't Sister say she
had recently seen the general?

     Lamalia continues explaining something, while Ayeka
scowls with disgust.

          AYEKA:  (VO)  This doesn't look right.  They must
be lying to me, but how can I confront them?  I must see
this through.

34   EXT. FOGGY TRAIL

     Ayeka approaches a strange, floating form as she makes
her way through the fog toward where she had entered.

          FIGURE:  Goin' somewhere, lassie?

     The figure slowly resolves into the form of a
leprechaun, his legs crossed and floating at least three
feet off the ground.  He takes a pipe from his mouth and
blows smoke in Ayeka's face.

     She waves at the smoke, coughing.

          AYEKA:  Out of my way, creature!  You will not
play your tricks on me again.

          LEPRECHAUN:  (a little puzzled)  Again?  You must
be mistaken.  I would remember you.  I have the luck of the
Irish, you know?

     Ayeka tries to move past the leprechaun, but he blocks
her, chuckling.

          AYEKA:  (vicious)  I do not have time for this!

          LEPRECHAUN:  You have all the time in the world,
girl.  Don't ye know a thing about us little folk?

          AYEKA:  What do you mean--all the time in the
world?

          LEPRECHAUN:  I mean, once you enter the lair of
the little people, you have to stay forever.

          AYEKA:  I think not!

     The leprechaun continues to giggle as Ayeka suddenly
appears in her battle outfit--glowing with silvery energy.

35   INT. AYEKA'S ROOM

     Sasami is sitting at the window, staring outward.
Tenchi slowly enters with a bowl of rice in his hand.

          TENCHI:  Sasami?  I brought you something.

     Sasami looks away from the window.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi?

          TENCHI:  (nervous)  Uh, it's not very good,
though.  You see, me and Grandpa made it.  Well, I made it
while Grandpa stood around cracking jokes.

          SASAMI:  (very sullen)  You can leave that here.
I'll eat it.  I promise.  I...  I'm just worried about
Ayeka.

          TENCHI:  Really?  Oh, okay.  I'll just leave this
with you.

     Sasami takes the bowl and sets it aside.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi?  Why is it--?  Oh!

     Ryoko suddenly appears at the doorway, floating in an
offhanded fashion--apparently impatient.

          RYOKO:  Hey!  Are you going to spend all night up
here?  Geez!

          TENCHI:  (looking around)  Oh!  Hey, Ryoko.  No,
I'll be right down.

     Tenchi turns back to Sasami, who is sitting by the
window again.

          TENCHI:  Sasami?  What was it you wanted to ask?

          SASAMI:  Nothing.  Never mind.

36   EXT. DUSTY STREET

     Ayeka and Sasami return with Lamalia's sister.

          OLD MAN:  (OC)  And, once again, they were
overjoyed to see their beloved family member again.

37   INT. BEDROOM

     The girl looks up at the old man, strangely serious.

          GIRL:  Grandpa, what's my family like?

          OLD MAN:  (perplexed for a moment)  Your family?

     The girl is a little embarrassed for a moment, then
resolved.

          GIRL:  I mean, our family.  What's my father and
mother like?  Don't I have any brothers or sisters?

          OLD MAN:  (grimly smiling)  This is a subject for
another time, my sweet little girl.

          GIRL:  (a little angry)  Tell me!  I need to know.
What was my life like before you first found me?

     The old man's face slowly softens, as he considers for
a moment.

          OLD MAN:  Well, I can tell you one thing.  Your
mother was a very special person.  I remember her well.

     The girl sits up, intent but a little nervous.

          GIRL:  What was she like?

          OLD MAN:  It's hard to say.  She loved to talk,
though.  She could be difficult and rude at times, but she
always gave people a warm feeling deep in their hearts.  I
don't think I'll ever forget her lovely smile.

     The old man takes out a picture, and gives it to the
girl.

          GIRL:  What's this?

     A small group of Juraians, posing in formal uniform.
One of them is a young Ayeka, another Sasami.  One woman on
the end with long, red hair is grinning widely.

          OLD MAN:  That red-haired woman was your mother.

     She gasps softly, touching her hair.  She then gazes at
the picture again.

          GIRL:  My mother...

38   EXT. FOGGY TRAIL

     Ayeka stalks the disembodied chuckle, attempting to
catch him.

          LEPRECHAUN:  Give it up, girl.  You're no match
for me!

          AYEKA:  Never!

     Ayeka strikes out with her fist.

     He gasps as Ayeka narrowly misses his face.  Then, he
starts chuckling again.

          LEPRECHAUN:  Oops!  How clumsy of me!  I almost
let you hit me.

     Ayeka grimaces in shock, as an unseen force strikes her
down to the ground.

          AYEKA:  You scumbag!

     He floats directly over Ayeka--who is lying face-first
on the trail.

          LEPRECHAUN:  (gesturing with his pipe)  What a
pity!  You'll never get me pot of gold this way!

     Ayeka makes another desperate strike, kicking backward
with one foot.  The leprechaun easily dodges, and Ayeka
falls to the ground again.

          AYEKA:  I'll never give up!

          LEPRECHAUN:  Won't ye, now?

     The leprechaun gestures with open hands, and Ayeka is
held to the ground by an invisible force.

          LEPRECHAUN:  (grinning sadistically)  I'd say I
have thee at my mercy.

     Ayeka smirks and breaks free of the force.  She strikes
directly at the leprechaun's face again.  She seems sure to
hit--but, just as her fist is about to connect, the
leprechaun disappears and a tree branch appears in his
place.

     Ayeka flinches in pain, then grabs her hand.

          AYEKA:  Ow!  Ow-ow-ow-ow!  Damn!

     He appears again, floating upside-down, hovering next
to Ayeka's head.  He chuckles again, and folds his arms.

          LEPRECHAUN:  Most amusing!  You know, Princess,
it's not everyday that I am entertained like this.  I'll
tell you what.  I'll let ye leave if you can tell me
something.

     She nurses her bruised fist, taking a moment to glare
at the leprechaun's upside-down face.

     He slowly turns to right-side-up.

          LEPRECHAUN:  Tell me where ye've seen me before.

     She is still fierce and challenging for a moment, then
ponders.

          AYEKA:  Well...  Hmm...

39   INT. MAIN HALL

     Tenchi sits down at the table to eat, alone with Ryoko.

          TENCHI:  Oh, well.  I guess I should be used to
it.  Those two can be such a pain, sometimes.

          RYOKO:  Really!  I don't know why you put up with
them.

     Tenchi glances at Ryoko in disgust for a moment, then
sighs deeply.

          RYOKO:  (irritated)  Okay, okay!  I get it.  Geez!
You and your stupid promises.

40   EXT. DUSTY SQUARE

     Several old buildings surround a courtyard--filled with
people.  Sasami is hiding behind one building, as Ayeka
meets up with her.

          SASAMI:  Ayeka!  What brings you here?  You
changed your mind?

          AYEKA:  That Lamalia is not being straight with
us, but I can't just sit around.  What's going on here?

          SASAMI:  (anxious)  Oh, Ayeka!  It's terrible.
They dragged the mother out in the courtyard, and now the
regent is bent on having her hung!  We've got to do
something!

     Ayeka sighs for a moment, then sizes up the situation.

          AYEKA:  Okay, I suppose they have guards all over
the place?

     Sasami gestures toward the crowd.

          SASAMI:  Several in plain clothes as well as
uniforms.  I saw them reaching for weapons, from time to
time.

          AYEKA:  Right.

          SASAMI:  Ayeka, you don't think the regent is
going to go through with it, are you?

          AYEKA:  Huh?  Well, it doesn't matter.  We're
moving, now.

          SASAMI:  But, Ayeka--

          AYEKA:  (flaring in anger)  Sasami!  This is no
time for games!  We came here for one reason.  To find the
general.  We can deal with the regent, later, if we choose
to.  (softly)  Now is not the time to be clever.  Let's go.

41   INT. BEDROOM

     The girl is lying back, thoughtfully musing.

          GIRL:  That Ayeka seems very... commanding.  Like
she must know what she's doing.

          OLD MAN:  She always acted with deliberation and
care--sometimes, too much--but she can be decisive, as well.

          GIRL:  I wonder how--

     Several lights flare in the windows, and the door
crashes open.  A couple uniformed figures burst into the
room, knocking down the old man, and taking the girl.

          GIRL:  Grandpa!

          FIRST FIGURE:  Be quiet!

     She screams as the second figure pulls on her hair.
The hair comes out in one solid wig, revealing a mass of
dark, curly hair.

          FIRST FIGURE:  It's her!

41   EXT. FOGGY TRAIL

     Ayeka stands alone, addressing the fog.

          AYEKA:  I remember, now.  That devil-woman had
invaded my little sister's dream.  My sister and I have a
strong bond, and I could remember sensing that she had seen
the form of a strange little person, smoking on a pipe.

          LEPRECHAUN:  Is that it?

          AYEKA:  Yes.  But if that was you, why are you
here?  Are you really that monster-woman, Ryoko?

     The leprechaun chuckles through the dense fog.

          LEPRECHAUN:  Maybe I am, maybe I'm not.  Anyway,
it doesn't really matter.  I'm letting you go.  Farewell,
Princess!

42   INT. MAIN HALL

     Tenchi is stacking dishes together, as Sasami descends
the stairs.  Ryoko is lying on a support beam, and looks
down at her.  Mihoshi enters from the kitchen, looking
around.

          MIHOSHI:  The dishes are done!

          TENCHI:  (holding a stack on dishes)  Huh?

          SASAMI:  (holding a bowl)  Wha?

     Ryoko rolls her eyes.

          MIHOSHI:  (looking around in surprise)  Oh dear!
There were more?

43   EXT. OUTPOST

     The sky is slowly growing blue with early-morning
light.  Airships go over a large building, masked with
shadows.

44   INT. HOLDING AREA

     A small office sits aside several rows of lockers.  Off
to one side is a doorway, guarded by three layers of
delicate-looking bars.  The girl enters the office area,
just outside the small cell--where the old man is sitting.
The girl is escorted by an old woman with deceptively frail-
looking features.  The girl stops outside the cell, and the
old woman returns to the office.

          GIRL:  I was told that I could speak with you for
a minute.

          OLD MAN:  Well, that's really generous of them.
What's on your mind?

          GIRL:  Are you doing okay, Grandpa?

          OLD MAN:  Never better.  I'm going to use my time
to work on my memoirs.  Sharing that old story with you made
me think.

     She leans on the bars.

          GIRL:  You're not really my grandpa, are you?

          OLD MAN:  (smiling)  I'm more of a generic
fatherly-figure.

          GIRL:  (worried)  You'll be all right?  Really?

          OLD MAN:  (gesturing nicely)  I'll be fine.  Trust
me.  I've done time before.  It's nothing.  You'll be okay?

     The girl steps away from the bars and looks downward.

          GIRL:  I'm still trying to sort out who I really
am.

          OLD MAN:  You're just an ordinary girl, Lania.

          GIRL:  'Lania?'  Why do people keep calling me
that?

          OLD MAN:  Because it's your name.  I called you
Lamalia because that was what your mother always called you,
but Lania is your proper name.

     The girl hesitates for a moment.

          GIRL:  I--  I can't get them to tell me.  What
happened to my mother?

          OLD MAN:  It's better not to think about it,
Lania.

          GIRL:  Why?  Did something bad happen?

          OLD MAN:  Yeah.  I guess you could say that.
Don't ask me any more.  You don't want to get me in trouble,
and besides--you don't really want to know.

     She wipes her face for a moment, then smiles.

          GIRL:  At least tell me how that story ends.  Did
the princesses rescue Lamalia's mother?

     The old man is very pleasant, the picture of calm.

          OLD MAN:  Yes, they did.  And it was a most
satisfactory conclusion.  I wish I had the time to tell you,
but--

     The old woman takes the girl by the arm, and gestures.

          OLD WOMAN:  It's time to go, Lania.

          GIRL:  Goodbye!

          OLD MAN:  You'll just have to read about it,
later!

45   INT. MAIN HALL

     Sasami is reading a book, as Ayeka returns, still
nursing her bruised fist.

          AYEKA:  What a day!  Sasami, isn't there anything
to eat?

          SASAMI:  Oh, sorry, Ayeka.  I think Tenchi made
something, though.

          AYEKA:  Tenchi?

46   INT. NOBOYUKI'S ROOM

     Mihoshi is in her GP uniform, looking through stacks of
her books and other stuff.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, this is so frustrating!  Where is my
command log?

     Sasami walks by on the way to Ayeka's room--still
holding the book, and curiously looks in.

     Mihoshi digs through her stuff.

          MIHOSHI:  Why can't I ever find it?  Geez!  What's
this doing here?

     Sasami gasps in shock, as she sees Mihoshi holding a
small statuette of Tenchi.  She casually glances at it and
tosses it aside.

     Sasami nearly faints from shock.

          SASAMI:  Mihoshi!  How did you get that?

          MIHOSHI:  Get what?

     Mihoshi turns, nearly stepping on the statuette.
Sasami shrieks and dives--scooping up the object just as
Mihoshi drops a large stack of books on her own head.

     Mihoshi rubs her head, annoyed.

          MIHOSHI:  Really, Sasami!  I have work to do!
Could you get out of my way?

     Mihoshi looks around, alone in the room.

          MIHOSHI:  Sasami?

47   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ryoko is still lying on her support beam, reading a
book.  She chuckles softly, as Ayeka comes back from the
kitchen, holding a plate of food.

          AYEKA:  What are you so happy about?

          RYOKO:  Wouldn't you like to know.

          AYEKA:  Hmph...  Well, you have nothing to
celebrate.  I just learned something that's sure to make you
more miserable than you dreamed possible.

          RYOKO:  Oh?  And what would that be?

          AYEKA:  (smug)  Wouldn't you like to know.

     Ryoko thoughtfully frowns, as Ayeka laughs.

          RYOKO:  That's my line.  Copy-cat.  You're just
jealous I thought of it first.

THE END

