
Author:   Mike Fenton <mpfenton@hotmail.com>
Title:    AFS #14 (SILLY KNIGHTS)
Notes:    Regular (OVA), script format
Summary:  Tenchi and the gang go through the usual growing
          pains as they confront wayward knights and
          pirates.

[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Early morning.  Leaves are turning as summer turns to
autumn.

2    EXT. FOREST

     Kilaro stands at the head of a large animal path.  He
looks upward and makes a short wave, then waggles his finger
back and forth.

3    EXT. TREE BRANCH

     Lilian is sitting in a branch of a tree, quickly
glancing one way, then looking back down.  She gestures in a
fairly simple manner to relay a message.

4    EXT. FOREST

          KILARO:  (softly)  "Six guns, two swords, two
raiders.  Three academics."

     Kilaro frowns for a moment, then quickly darts into the
forest.

5    EXT. SMALL CLEARING

     Near a hillside, we see the group of intruders emerge.
One of the swordsmen steps to the head and halts the group.

          FIRST SWORDSMAN:  This is far enough.

          SECOND SWORDSMAN:  Yeah, let's cut back.

     The ones with guns start muttering, and one of the
academics makes a protest.

          FIRST ACADEMIC:  Isn't this a mission?  Shouldn't
we take some initiative here?

     The guns start muttering appreciatively, as the
swordsmen look up, blankly.  Ryo-Ohki (cabbit form) appears,
and looks at the first swordsman, curiously.

          FIRST SWORDSMAN:  Well, you're more than welcome
to storm the castle, if you like.  As for me, I think I'll
wait back at camp.  Anyone wants to join me, they're welcome
to that too.

     The swordsmen head back, and the guns hesitate for a
moment, then follow.  The academics exchange a few glances
and then decide to follow.

6    EXT. FOREST

     Kilaro looks around, calm but a little nervous.  Lilian
hops down nearby, and walks to him.

          KILARO:  Another recon?

          LILIAN:  I didn't get a good enough look.  I don't
think they're going for the bait.

     Ryo-Ohki scurries up next to them as Kilaro off-
handedly considers.

          KILARO:  I'll bet they're starting to lose
interest.

          LILIAN:  Maybe.  Let's just hope that's the last
we see them today.

     Mihoshi strolls up to them, looking a little surprised.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, I'm sorry!  Isn't this area off-
limits to diplomats?

          KILARO:  (to Lilian)  I'll second that.  You know,
you still haven't paid up for that wrestling match.

          LILIAN:  Which one?

          KILARO:  The Swan championship.  You gave me
three-to-one on that, remember?

          LILIAN:  Two-to-one.

     Mihoshi glares innocently at them, as Ryo-Ohki scampers
off.

          MIHOSHI:  Hello?

          KILARO:  No, no.  It was three-to-one.  I remember
that in particular because you were so insistent that the--

     Ayeka appears, escorted by her guardians--Azaka and
Kamidake.

          AYEKA:  Good morning.  I hope that I am not
interrupting anything.

          LILIAN:  (baffled)  Huh?

          KILARO:  Good morning, Princess.  We hope you had
a wonderful day yesterday.

          AYEKA:  (feigning satisfaction)  I most certainly
did.  (turning to Lilian)  I gave word of your ideas to my
father.  You will be happy to know that he agrees with you,
I'm sure.  Please let me know of any other suggestions I can
give.

     Kilaro looks confused, as Mihoshi tries to follow.

          AYEKA:  In the meantime, I wonder if you had
considered the enemy--

     A small group of soldiers in knight's uniforms appear.

          FIRST KNIGHT:  Your Highness?

     Ayeka cringes, as the guardians move to protect her.

          KAMIDAKE:  Sir, please identify yourself.

          FIRST KNIGHT:  Forgive me, but we seem to have
lost our way.  I'm the commander of the fourth unit of
our Supreme Lord Emperor's army.

          MIHOSHI:  "Supreme Lord Emperor?"

          AYEKA:  (disbelieving)  Fourth unit of--?

     A couple of the knights haul a few disreputable-looking
guardians from behind them, and gesture disgustedly at them.

          FIRST KNIGHT:  We found these weaklings guarding
the entrance of our master's fortress.  We were quite
distressed at their lack of respect toward us.  Are they
really Juraian?

     Kilaro rolls his eyes, as Ayeka sighs.

          AYEKA:  I'm afraid they are.

7    TITLE:  "EPISODE 14:  SILLY KNIGHTS"

8    EXT. TRAINING GROUNDS

     Tenchi is going through a basic strike-and-guard
routine, making very short strokes with his sword.  Yosho
looks on, adjusts his glasses, and nods to himself.

          YOSHO:  That looks a lot better, Tenchi.

     Tenchi stops and puts the sword down, causing Yosho a
moment of cringing sympathy for the practice sword.

          TENCHI:  You think so?

          YOSHO:  (casual)  I've been telling you for months
to work on your running and weight-training.  I can tell
just by looking at you that it's starting to pay off.

          TENCHI:  That's funny.  I don't feel any
different.

     Yosho picks up the practice sword, and wipes it off
with his hand.

          YOSHO:  No.  You'll start to notice if you slack
off, though.

     Tenchi throws a few practice punches at the air, then
makes a couple of quick kicks.

          YOSHO:  You'll never get any better, though.  From
now on, you only get worse.

     Tenchi stops and glares at Yosho, trying to be
offended, and failing miserably.

          YOSHO:  You think it's not true?  It is.

     Tenchi starts laughing, and Yosho frowns--almost taken
aback.

          TENCHI:  I'm sorry, but that's so funny.

     Yosho taps Tenchi a couple times on the shoulder with
the sword, then gestures with it--the basic guard stance--
which helps Tenchi calm down a little.

          YOSHO:  I've never known you to be the comedian,
Tenchi.  Are you really concentrating on your discipline?
There is no substitute for true discipline, Tenchi.

     Tenchi calms down, suddenly.

          TENCHI:  No, no.  I'm concentrating.  I just can't
help thinking how funny it is to think that I'll never get
better than this.  I mean, I'm not exactly a swordmaster as
it is!

     Tenchi starts to chuckle again, as Yosho nods.

          YOSHO:  Ah.  You had me worried for a moment.

9    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     A couple columns of knights stand ready in a line going
up the trail to the house.  Ayeka is at the lead, pondering,
as Mihoshi shows up.

          AYEKA:  What on Earth will we do with all these
men?  (to the first knight)  How many, again?

          FIRST KNIGHT:  Two-hundred and four, your
Highness.

     Mihoshi looks as if she just noticed the knights.

          MIHOSHI:  Wow!  Where did all these guys show up
from?

     Ayeka looks at Mihoshi in disbelief.

          AYEKA:  You just passed us down below!

     Mihoshi chuckles, a little embarrassed.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  I forgot.

     Ayeka continues to ponder.

          AYEKA:  This is something my brother could handle
better than I.  If I weren't the crown Princess, I could
refer them to him.

     Mihoshi interrupts, helpfully.

          MIHOSHI:  Excuse me, but didn't the emperor make
Tenchi the fortress Something-Or-Other?

          AYEKA:  (a little snippish)  The "technical
ambassador--"

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, right.  Don't know how I forgot
that.  I must be getting awfully distracted, lately.

          AYEKA:  Distracted?  (immediately dismissing)
Never mind, Mihoshi.  This gives me an idea.  After all, the
emperor never actually revoked his claim.

10   EXT. TRAINING GROUNDS

     Tenchi is sitting on a rock, resting, when Mihoshi
appears, followed by a couple of the knights.

          MIHOSHI:  Tenchi?

          TENCHI:  Oh, hello.  How can I help you?

     Mihoshi stops and sighs, then immediately restates what
she was told to say.

          MIHOSHI:  You are formally admonished by her
Highness, the princess Ayeka, to administer the duties of
these men.  As technical ambassador, you have the...  Now,
how exactly did she put it?

     Tenchi doesn't seem at all disturbed by the news.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, yeah.  You have the appointed task
to settle the managerial arbitration in this matter.

          TENCHI:  Okay.  Why didn't she just tell me,
herself?

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  I think this is one of the duties
of a royal teacher, actually.  I'm not too sure.

          TENCHI:  Huh?

     One of the knights boldly steps forward.

          KNIGHT:  Sir, with your permission, we would like
to assign duties to the troops as soon as possible.

     Tenchi looks around, pleasantly curious.

          TENCHI:  The troops?

     Mihoshi seems about to explain, but Tenchi interrupts.

          TENCHI:  Oh, there's more than just the two of
you?

          KNIGHT:  We're are a complete unit--all but the
original commander, that is.

          TENCHI:  I see.  Thanks, Mihoshi.  You can go on
back.  I'll take care of this.

     Mihoshi looks doubtful.

          MIHOSHI:  You sure?

          TENCHI:  (sweet as can be)  Of course.  And tell
Ayeka that she's got nothing to worry about.

          MIHOSHI:  Okay.

     Mihoshi exits, as Tenchi gets up and does a stretch.

          TENCHI:  So, what's your name?

          KNIGHT:  Manleki, Sir.

          TENCHI:  Manleki.  All right.  We'll just have to
make do without the old commander for now.

          KNIGHT:  Right.

     Tenchi starts toward the path.

          TENCHI:  Have your men follow me.  Don't worry.
It's not very far.

11   EXT. CLEARING

     Tenchi is jogging across a clearing toward the road.
Across the road is a carrot patch.  The knights are quick-
marching, not too far behind him.

12   EXT. NEAR LAKESIDE

     Ryoko is sitting near the lake, watching as Tenchi and
the knights go across the road.  She frowns and folds her
arms, promptly vanishing.

13   EXT. CARROT FIELDS

     Tenchi stops and leans on his knees to catch his
breath.  The knights begin to assemble nearby, as Ryoko
appears.

          MANLEKI:  Sir!  Behind you!

     Tenchi looks around in shock, then starts chuckling.

          TENCHI:  Stand down, Manleki.  It's okay.

          MANLEKI:  But, Sir!  She just--

          TENCHI:  I know.  She's a space-pirate.  We go way
back.  (turning)  Hey, Ryoko.  What's up?

     Ryoko glares at the knights, not trusting them for a
moment.

          RYOKO:  Tenchi, what's the matter with you?  These
guys can't go back to the fortress?

          TENCHI:  Oh.  So, that's where they're from.

          RYOKO:  (grim)  Tenchi, space-pirates and Juraian
thugs do not get along.

          TENCHI:  Why not?

     Ryoko looks a little nonplussed, and then a little
upset.

          RYOKO:  We just don't, okay!  Geez!

          TENCHI:  So, what's the problem?

     Manleki steps near Tenchi, softly speaking to him.

          MANLEKI:  Sir, do you really think you should
fraternize with a pirate in front of the men?

     Tenchi stops to think for a moment, as Ryoko floats
next to him.

          RYOKO:  Tenchi, this guy is giving me the evil
eye.  Why are you putting up with that?

     Tenchi briefly rolls his eyes, then smiles.

          TENCHI:  I've never heard any serious complaints
about this one.  Let's just be friendly, for now, okay?

          MANLEKI:  Well, if you say so, Sir.

     Tenchi frowns, taking in Ryoko's shocked expression.

          TENCHI:  Her name is Ryoko, by the way.

          MANLEKI:  So?

          RYOKO:  Yeah, so?

     Tenchi sighs, then gestures gregariously.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko, meet Manleki.  Manleki, this is
Ryoko.

     Tenchi shakes his head, observing their stony silence.

          TENCHI:  Let's try to be a little less rude in the
future, huh?

14   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami is preparing food at the cutting board and
flinches as she cuts herself.

          SASAMI:  Ow!  Damn it!

     Sasami reflexively sucks her finger, and glances
around.  She then begins chopping again, as Mihoshi enters.

          MIHOSHI:  Good morning!

     Sasami reels in shock, then sighs.

          SASAMI:  Good morning, Mihoshi.

     Mihoshi seems about to blather when she stops and does
a double-take.

          SASAMI:  What?

          MIHOSHI:  Huh?  Oh, nothing.

     Mihoshi looks up, and awkwardly glances at Sasami out
of the corner of her eyes.  Sasami turns and glares at her.

          SASAMI:  All right.  What's going on?  Stop
pretending it's nothing.

          MIHOSHI:  I...  I gotta go check on Ayeka.  See
ya!

     Mihoshi hurries out of the kitchen.

          SASAMI:  Geez...

     Sasami stops and wonders for a moment, looks at her
finger, then shrugs and continues chopping.

15   INT. LIBRARY

     Ayeka is reading out of some dusty old books, when
Mihoshi marches in--looking a little flustered.

          AYEKA:  Mihoshi?  Isn't it a little early in the
day to be prowling around?

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  (a little offended)  Oh, I wasn't
prowling.  (cheerful)  Just making a clean break.

          AYEKA:  Hmm...  I'll pretend that that is a
sufficient response.

     Mihoshi looks at the books--noticing an obvious absense
of a certain variety of manga, then starts to leave again.

          MIHOSHI:  I've got a job to do, so I'll leave you
to your study.

          AYEKA:  Hmm...  (looking up from her book)  You
certainly do.

     Mihoshi frowns in disappointment and leaves.  Ayeka
looks back down at the book.

          AYEKA:  What a strange person that woman is.  It
never fails to amaze me.  I wonder if she is having an
influence on Sasami.

     Ayeka looks up again, worried, then closes the book and
gets up.

16   INT. KITCHEN

     Ayeka enters, as Sasami is cooking at the stove.

          AYEKA:  Good morning, Sasami.

          SASAMI:  Oh, good morning!

     Ayeka looks a little annoyed, then brushes it off.

          AYEKA:  Did Mihoshi just go through here?

          SASAMI:  I think so.

          AYEKA:  You think so?  What kind of answer is
that?

          SASAMI:  (chuckling)  It's a person or thing to
which is being referred, but I don't think you really needed
me to tell you.

          AYEKA:  (scowling)  Are you making fun of me?

          SASAMI:  (giggling)  What?

          AYEKA:  I said...  (grimacing)  Oh, I really hate
it when you get in this type of mood!

     Sasami chuckles again and goes back to her cooking.
Ayeka clenches her fists, then calms down--closing her eyes.
She then grimaces again and examines the situation.  Ayeka
flinches in shock, as she notices something.

          AYEKA:  Oh!

          SASAMI:  What?  What is it?

          AYEKA:  (hesitant)  I...  I'm not sure.  I'll have
to do a little checking.  Excuse me.

     Ayeka suddenly leaves.  Sasami frowns and looks at
herself in the reflection of a pan.

          SASAMI:  Maybe there's something on my face...

17   INT. UPPER BATHROOM

     Ryoko is looking at herself in a hand-held mirror.

          RYOKO:  Funny.  I didn't realize being a space-
pirate was so obvious.

18   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Ryoko appears, immediately poking around in Tenchi's
closet.

19   EXT. CARROT FIELDS

     Tenchi and a few of the knights are standing around as
the others continue working in the field.

          TENCHI:  It's not much, but I suppose you're used
to rationing out your food, right?

     Manleki flinches as he sees one of the knights break
his sword on the ground (using it as a spade).

          TENCHI:  Then again...

20   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka is sitting at the sofa, knitting, as Sasami
brings out some dishes.  Sasami stops and considers, folding
her arms.

          SASAMI:  (VO)  She's avoiding me.  Strange.

21   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Ryoko stops, frowning and considering as she looks at
something in Tenchi's closet.

22   INT. MAIN HALL

     Sasami glares down at Ayeka from the end of the sofa--
which seems to cause Ayeka a bit of a shock.  Sasami then
sits across from Ayeka (perpendicular to the sofa), and
frowns.

          SASAMI:  Sis, what is it?

          AYEKA:  Hmm...

     Sasami leans forward and peers at Ayeka, and Ayeka
looks a little flustered--not accustomed to the gesture.

          SASAMI:  Is something wrong?

     Okay, from this angle you can definitely see what's
bugging Ayeka--Sasami has leaned precariously close--a feat
that she could never accomplish unless she was at least as
tall.  Sasami is unaware, though, continuing to glare at
Ayeka.

          SASAMI:  Something on my face?

     Ayeka fidgets then frowns, getting a little upset, then
growing calm again.

          AYEKA:  (VO)  What would my half-mother say?

          SASAMI:  Well?

          AYEKA:  (politely)  Sorry if I seem rude, Sasami.
But you know, there are times when you are looking straight
at something but not really seeing it.

     Sasami looks disappointed, then strangely satisfied.

          SASAMI:  That's true.

23   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Ryoko is clearly staring at the Tenchi-sword, laying at
the bottom of Tenchi's closet.  She sighs and looks away,
starting to leave, then immediately turns around again,
reaching for it (anticipating a good shock).

24   INT. MAIN HALL

     Sasami has retreated to sitting back in the chair, as
Ayeka continues to knit.

          AYEKA:  It isn't healthy for you to worry so much,
Sister.  Things never improve with worry, you know.

          SASAMI:  I wasn't worried.  Okay, maybe a little.

          AYEKA:  (sighing)  You're always doing this, you
know.  You have some kind of problem, then you think the
universe is going to end because of it and it turns out to
be nothing.

          SASAMI:  What?  It is me!  What is it?

     Ayeka rolls her eyes, then smiles cunningly.

          AYEKA:  Now, Sasami.  You know this isn't how it
works.  I can't just offer up information to you for no
reason.  I need a good excuse.  At least give me something
in exchange.

          SASAMI:  This isn't another stupid trick, is it?

          AYEKA:  Don't be absurd, Sasami.  I never trick
the people I love.  You know that.

          SASAMI:  I'm sorry, Sis.  You're right.  What do
you want?

     Ayeka smirks, very delicately.

          AYEKA:  I happened to overhear a bit of what
transpired between you and Ryoko a few months ago, and I
became very curious.  Tell me--

     Sasami looks up, a little shocked.

          AYEKA:  --if there's something so important you
cannot tell Ryoko or Tenchi, then perhaps I could be
persuaded to mediate between you.

     Sasami looks a little bewildered, then a little glassy-
eyed.

          AYEKA:  (smoothly)  You know I am not the type to
go around blabbing whatever is on my mind, and I can be ever
so helpful with my own suggestions.  Of course, if you don't
want to know what's on my mind, I don't blame you.  I can
already tell that this must be a trying time for you.  Yes?

     Sasami looks a little introspective for a moment.

          SASAMI:  Yeah.  I guess you're right.

25   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Ryoko is holding the Tenchi-sword, hardly daring to
believe she's actually holding it.

          RYOKO:  Whoa!  I did it.  Now, what?

26   INT. MAIN HALL

     Sasami shudders for a moment, then looks strangely
resolved.  Ayeka suddenly looks nervous, not sure she
actually wants to know anything.

          SASAMI:  Okay, Ayeka.  I'll tell you, but do not
breathe a word of this, all right?

          AYEKA:  You can trust me.

          SASAMI:  Okay.  The truth is...

     Ayeka is getting very absorbed in the moment.

          AYEKA:  Yes?

          SASAMI:  The truth about Tenchi and Ryoko is...

          AYEKA:  Yes?

          SASAMI:  Well...

          AYEKA:  ...

          SASAMI:  You've knitted yourself to your shirt.

     Sasami slowly gets up and sighs, sadly shaking her head
as Ayeka reels in shock--looking at her knitting in alarm.
Sasami slowly looks around, getting her bearings--then
starts to realize.

          SASAMI:  Oh my--!

          AYEKA: --god!

27   INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Ryoko is still looking at the sword is disbelief, then
suddenly vanishes.

28   EXT. NEARBY CLEARING

     The six guns and two raiders meet up with another
twenty men--all dressed in similar garb.  The first gun
takes out a pack and takes a small bag out of the pack.

          FIRST GUN:  Seventy-five.  That's all we got.

          SECOND GUN:  For a job like this?  It's an insult.

          FIRST GUN:  We're supposed to be able to collect
most of our reward on the inside, but--

          SECOND GUN:  You ask me, we're just being had,
again.

          FIRST GUN:  You have a better idea?  You want to
go back to that prison planet?

29   EXT. NEARBY FOREST

     Ryoko is sitting at the base of a tree, totally unaware
of the situation going on nearby--focused on the sword.

          RYOKO:  (VO)  This can only mean one thing.

     Ryoko gets up, strongly tempted to leave the sword.

          RYOKO:  (VO)  It must be an invitation.

     Ryoko focuses on the gems, like staring into a couple
of eyes.

          RYOKO:  (VO)  I'd better prepare for a tense
situation.

30   EXT. NEARBY CLEARING

     The raiders are fighting with the guns over how to
distribute the money from the bag.  The first gun has
already stowed it away into the pack again.  He looks around
in disgust.

          SECOND GUN:  We're doing most of the work!  I say
we get most of the money!  Sixty-forty!

          FIRST RAIDER:  You're crazy!  We never went along
with that!

          SECOND GUN:  What are you going to do about it,
huh?

          FIRST RAIDER:  Maybe we should take all of it!

          SECOND GUN:  Just try it!

     The first gun breaks up an imminent fight.

          FIRST GUN:  Stop it!  Stop it!  Both of you!
We're all sharing the same danger!  We split it up equally.
That's what we agreed to, that's what we're going to do.
Anybody who doesn't like it can go talk to one of those
elites.  Or just go home.

     The guns and the raiders don't seem too satisfied on
that point, but they aren't willing to fight about it, just
yet.

31   EXT. NEARBY FOREST

     The Tenchi-sword is lying on the ground, as Ryoko
reappears--holding a small book in one hand.  She sits in
front of the sword, and begins reading.

32   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Day turns to evening.

33   EXT. NEARBY FOREST

     Ryoko is still reading--using a light dagger to read
by.

34   INT. MAIN HALL

     Mihoshi and Ayeka are sitting at the table, eating, as
Tenchi comes in from the entrance.

          TENCHI:  Hey, everybody!  (looking around)
Where's Ryoko?

          MIHOSHI:  I haven't seen her all day.

     Tenchi starts to sit at the table.

          TENCHI:  Oh, well.  She'll turn up, I guess.

          AYEKA:  I gather that she doesn't much care for
all the Juraian military we suddenly seem to have at our
doorstep.

          TENCHI:  Yeah...

     Tenchi looks up at the dishes and starts to help
himself, when Sasami enters.

          TENCHI:  Evening, Sasami.  (turning back to Ayeka)
I don't know about that.  I was with the knights all day,
and I think Ryoko steered clear of them.

     Ayeka forces a smile, and gestures at Tenchi.

          AYEKA:  You worry too much about her, Lord Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  Geez!  You're right.  I guess I should be
worried about what we're going to do with those knights.
Mihoshi, I don't suppose we could borrow a couple of
cruisers from the local space station?

     Mihoshi looks up in thought for a moment, then looks
down--a little sheepish.

          MIHOSHI:  Well, actually--

     Sasami sighs, sitting at the table.

          AYEKA:  I'm afraid that the Galaxy Police have
rather strained their budget already.  With the most recent
crash that Mihoshi had a while ago, they've been cutting
back on the allowances for cruisers.

          MIHOSHI:  (chuckling)  We could shuttle the
knights to the preserve station by way of my shuttle.

          TENCHI:  (casual)  No.  That would be too time-
consuming.  Ayeka, I don't suppose that the emperor has a
few spare ships?

     Ayeka stops for a moment to consider.

          AYEKA:  Well...

     Sasami smoothly interrupts.

          SASAMI:  The problem with that is that Father is
trying to consolidate the fleet--what with that battle they
just had, and raiders showing up more and more frequently.

     Ayeka and Mihoshi stare at Sasami for a moment, who
suddenly looks defensive.

          SASAMI:  It's true, you know.

     Tenchi sighs, looking down at his food.

          TENCHI:  Oh, well.  I guess a week or two wouldn't
be a big deal.

     Ayeka glances at Tenchi, then smiles at Sasami.

          AYEKA:  Lord Tenchi, I wonder if you've noticed
anything unusual, lately?

     Tenchi looks up, confused.

          TENCHI:  Unusual?  What do you mean?

     Sasami looks down, aghast, as Ayeka smirks and
continues.

          AYEKA:  I mean, here at the table.  Notice
anything different?

          TENCHI:  No.  I mean nothing strange.

     Tenchi looks around at Ayeka, Sasami, and Mihoshi--
noticing that Mihoshi is avoiding looking at Sasami.

          TENCHI:  Oh, unless you mean Sasami.  Yeah.

     Ayeka chuckles, as Sasami turns red with embarrassment.

35   EXT. NEARBY FOREST

     Ryoko snaps the book shut, looking resolved.

          RYOKO:  (VO)  Well, now or never.

     She grabs the sword, and it gives her a shock.  She
grimaces, and manages to pick it up--getting a mild dose of
shock from the sword until she finally grips it.

          RYOKO:  (VO)  Calmly.

     She holds up the sword and inverts it, bringing the
gems upward.  They flash with light and slowly float toward
her--one to her right wrist and another to her forehead.

     At first, nothing seems to happen, but then Ryoko
smiles and faints to the ground--still clutching the sword.

36   EXT. NEARBY CLEARING

     The horde of knights have assembled around a fire--some
moving here and there between a few large tents.  A bright
flash goes off, and a huge explosion shakes the ground.

     Manleki gets up from beside the fire, and immediately
starts shouting orders.

37   EXT. SPACE

     Silent and deadly, one can yet hear explosions.  One in
particular hits Ryo-Ohki--modified with the habitat section
of Ayeka's Ryo-Oh.  There is another moment of anticipation
as a monstrous blast hits the section squarely--taking
Tenchi along with it.

38   EXT. NEARBY FOREST

     Ryoko is still passed out, but she starts to muttering
to herself.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  Typical.  I should have known.

39   EXT. MODIFIED FORTRESS ENTRANCE

     A small, makeshift building stands where the site
entrance used to be--now being overrun by raiders and
pirates.

40   EXT. NEARBY CLEARING

     Manleki is still shouting orders, while a scout
approaches.

          SCOUT:  Two arms of attack at the old fortress.
I think they're pirates.  Shall we ambush them?

          MANLEKI:  (hesitant)  Ambush one of them--but only
if we know for sure they are enemies.  Let's not get caught
up in a crossfire.

41   EXT. SPACE

     Tsunami appears, but she doesn't look at Soja or
Kagato.  Instead, she appears to be looking squarely at the
camera.

          TSUNAMI:  You know you aren't ready for this.

          RYOKO:  (OC)  The memory or the gems?

          TSUNAMI:  Either.

42   EXT. NEARBY FOREST

     Ryoko is still smiling, muttering to herself.

          RYOKO:  Tedious old witch.  Let me see, already.

43   EXT. NEARBY CLEARING

     Tenchi shows up, looking annoyed.

          TENCHI:  Hey!  What's going on out here?!

     Manleki finishes a few more orders, then turns his
attention to Tenchi.

          MANLEKI:  Oh!  Sir, it's nothing to worry about.
Recon just reported a couple of hostile advances on the old
position.  I think we can out-maneuver them, though.

     Tenchi looks around at a few columns of knights,
marching off toward the fortress entrance.

          TENCHI:  They know who they're up against?

          MANLEKI:  No, Sir.  But they're well prepared for
any eventuality--including death.

     Tenchi cringes for a moment, then starts to stalk off.

          TENCHI:  I'm going to have a look around, myself.

44   EXT. SPACE

     The Soja fires a killing blast toward the Earth--
blocked at the last moment by Tsunami.

45   EXT. NEARBY FOREST

     Ryoko is chuckling, unable to stop, as several shots
are fired above her.

46   EXT. FOREST PATH

     Tenchi ascends the path toward a higher position,
suddenly aware of a couple men with swords.  They
immediately notice him, and pursue him.  Tenchi dashes off
into the woods.

47   INT. TSUNAMI

     The spaceship Tsunami approaches the Soja, as Tsunami
turns and approaches an image of Tenchi.

          TSUNAMI:  Now, you know.

     The image of Tenchi wavers and flickers out of
existence.

48   EXT. NEARBY FOREST

     Ryoko sits up, shafts of golden light streaming from
her eyes as she opens them.  She looks somber for a moment,
then annoyed.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  No.  It can't be.

     Several men with guns go running by her--a few turn and
notice her, as she continues looking around.  She seems
totally unaware that a battle is raging around her.

          RYOKO:  What the hell did she do to him?

     She looks down at the sword and picks it up.  In
amazement, she watches as the sword blade springs to life.
Several raiders come at her, and Ryoko finally notices them
--bringing up the sword to guard her stance.

49   EXT. FOREST

     Tenchi is running just ahead of the swordsmen.  He
looks down for a moment, then frowns.

          TENCHI:  Damn!  I wish I'd remembered the sword!

50   EXT. NEARBY FOREST

     A few examples of Ryoko's work are lying on the ground
--raiders cut in half--the rest of the raiders mostly just
swarm around her.  They take one look at her, the sword, and
their fallen comrades and decide to run for it.

     Ryoko nods to herself, and the blade of the sword
vanishes.  A moment later, a flickering image of Tenchi
appears--glowing with a faint blue light.  He holds out a
hand to Ryoko.

          TENCHI:  It's over.

          RYOKO:  What is?

          TENCHI:  The battle.  We've won.

          RYOKO:  That was it?  Just a few raiders?

     The image of Tenchi smiles wryly, and offers his hand.

          TENCHI:  Just give me the sword back.

     Ryoko reluctantly hands over the sword.

          RYOKO:  Oh, all right.

          TENCHI:  And the gems.

          RYOKO:  My gems, too?

     Tenchi frowns and folds his arms.

          TENCHI:  You remember what Washu told you?

     Ryoko thinks for a moment.

          RYOKO:  Well, yeah...

51   EXT. WASHU'S LABORATORY (flashback)

     Ryoko is floating nearby, as Washu has the sword in one
of her elaborate experiments.

          RYOKO:  If I'm such a quick learner, I don't see
how I can't have the gems, already.

     Washu doesn't bother looking up from her console.

          WASHU:  Don't be silly, Ryoko.  Those gems would
fry your brain in two seconds if you installed them now.
You aren't ready.

     Ryoko folds her arms, pouting.

          RYOKO:  This is so unfair.

          WASHU:  Even if you were somehow strong enough to
handle them, you still have to be pure in heart to actually
control them.  You think you're pure in heart?

     Ryoko rolls her eyes, casually smirking.

          RYOKO:  Of course, I am.

     Washu looks up at Ryoko--knowingly glaring at her in
that way only a mother can.

          WASHU:  Really?

     Ryoko looks down.

          RYOKO:  Hmph...

          WASHU:  I thought not.

52   EXT. NEARBY FOREST

     Ryoko grimaces and looks down, a little disappointed.

          RYOKO:  Fine.  Take them.  Hurry, before I change
my mind.

     The glowing image of Tenchi smiles very nicely, as the
gems return to the sword.  Just as Ryoko returns to normal,
Tenchi bumps into his own image, looking very flustered.

          TENCHI:  Oops!  Excuse me.

     The image of Tenchi holds out the sword to Tenchi, as
Ryoko looks on in amazed silence.

          TENCHI:  Hey, thanks!  Just what I need.

     The sword blade immediately leaps to life, just as the
two swordsmen appear, brandishing their weapons.  The image
of Tenchi winks at Ryoko, then vanishes, just as the actual
Tenchi turns and glances around.

          TENCHI:  Hey, I didn't catch your name...

     Tenchi looks around in confusion, then spots Ryoko.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko?

     Ryoko shrugs, just as the two swordsmen decide to back
off.

53   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka is making some lists at the sofa, as Mihoshi
reads a magazine, and Sasami briefly returns with a platter
and some cups of coffee.  (Sasami's left hand is bandaged in
a couple of places.)

          AYEKA:  Thank you, Sasami.

          SASAMI:  My pleasure.

     Mihoshi looks up from her reading.

          MIHOSHI:  Where'd Tenchi go?

     Ayeka frowns, as she moves to another page.

          AYEKA:  I do not have the slightest idea.

     Sasami chuckles and looks at her hand.

          SASAMI:  Didn't you hear the fighting, Mihoshi?

          MIHOSHI:  (surprised)  Fighting?

54   EXT. MODIFIED FORTRESS ENTRANCE

     A small spaceship descends from the sky, as Tenchi and
Ryoko look around.  The knights are busy hauling away
bodies, as they approach the entrance.

          TENCHI:  I sure hope that's all of them.

          RYOKO:  What about those other two?

          TENCHI:  Which ones?

          RYOKO:  (casual)  The ones with the swords.

     Tenchi stops and looks up, pondering.

          TENCHI:  I think I scared them off.  You too,
maybe.

     A few of the knights look at Ryoko reproachfully and
glare at her as they walk by.  Ryoko frowns and sighs.

          TENCHI:  (musing)  I guess you can't please
everybody.

          RYOKO:  Why are they afraid of me?  Do they hate
me, specifically, or do they just not like pirates in
general?

          TENCHI:  Don't know.  You'd have to ask them.

     Manleki approaches, surveying the scene.

          MANLEKI:  Sir, I'm glad to see you made it out.  I
was worried for a moment you went and did something heroic.

          TENCHI:  You were worried, Commander?  That's
flattering.  I didn't know those pirates were gunning for
me.

          MANLEKI:  Actually, Sir, I was just worried
because the men have grown rather fond of you.  I just wish
we had a place to put them.

          RYOKO:  What about the fortress?

          MANLEKI:  Not an option.  We weren't exactly
invited, to begin with.

     Kilaro approaches, looking at the scene with some
disgust.

          KILARO:  What happened here?  I heard there was
some fighting, but this looks major.

          MANLEKI:  You're the diplomat who scouted this
field?

          KILARO:  That's right.  I'm Kilaro, from Beta.

     Tenchi takes a moment to glance at Ryoko, and Ryoko
seems strangely calm.

          TENCHI:  Kilaro, this is Commander Manleki.  He's
the head of the Juraian forces of an old expedition.

     Kilaro smiles and congratulates Manleki.

          KILARO:  Ah, good luck to you, Sir.

     Manleki frowns, as Tenchi scratches his head.

          TENCHI:  Uh... that's not exactly--

          MANLEKI:  Thank you, but your good will is timed a
little late.

          RYOKO:  Like about a thousand years.

     Kilaro looks at Tenchi and Ryoko, and corrects himself.

          KILARO:  Oh.  Well, sorry then.  Wish I could help
you out.

     Manleki nods and strides off to join a few of his men,
now that the area has mostly been cleared.  Ryoko continues
to casually glance between Kilaro and Tenchi--still
strangely calm.  Tenchi smiles awkwardly at Ryoko, then
pulls Kilaro aside.

          TENCHI:  Say, doesn't the ambassador have his own
personal cruiser?

          KILARO:  Yeah, but he never lets anybody use it.

          TENCHI:  How big is that thing?

          KILARO:  I don't know.  You thinking about a
personnel transfer?

          TENCHI:  Exactly.  You don't have a problem with
it, do you?

     Kilaro ponderously sums up the situation.

          KILARO:  Well, let's see.  We'd be stealing the
ambassador's personal conveyance--that he mostly just uses
to impress the female couriers.  So, he'd be pretty ticked
off at both of us if he found out.  He might even have me
shipped off to a prison planet, I think.  It would be a
scandal for the emperor, of course, so you'd get nailed big
time.  Is that about right?

     Tenchi calmly nods.

          TENCHI:  Yeah.

          KILARO:  All right.  I think we can probably put
about fifteen in at a time.  Maybe twenty if we squeeze them
in good enough.

     Tenchi laughs, and glances around at Ryoko.

          TENCHI:  Good.  Good.  Strange, but I'm a little
embarrassed to admit I'm actually enjoying this--especially
with Ryoko looking at me like that.

     Kilaro looks around at Ryoko, then shrugs it off.

          KILARO:  Ah, just forget about it, Tenchi.  Women
are all that way.

          TENCHI:  Really?  Even Dotty?

          KILARO:  (suddenly grim)  Well... no.

55   EXT. SPACE

     A small space station, currently busy with trade ships
streaming from it.

56   INT. OFFICE

     Lilian is sitting at a desk, piled with books and
papers, typing.  She looks up at a display and quickly looks
away, grimacing.

          LILIAN:  (VO)  Argh!  Even in space, I do nothing
but paperwork!

57   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Early morning.

58   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ryoko is lying on a beam, looking around as Ayeka sits
at the table and Sasami enters from the kitchen.

          SASAMI:  Okay.  It just started.

          AYEKA:  Thank you, Sasami.   Could you bring some
tea?

          SASAMI:  No problem!

     Ayeka flinches again, as Sasami gets up and dashes off
to the kitchen.  Ryoko appears and watches as Sasami leaves.

          RYOKO:  (absently)  Is it just me, or does the
room seem smaller?

          AYEKA:  Pardon?

     Ryoko looks down seriously at Ayeka, and Ayeka smiles--
very indulgently.  Ryoko then appears--sitting across from
Ayeka at the table.

          RYOKO:  Okay, Princess.  You seem to be the
religious one around here.

     Ayeka looks a little taken-aback.

          AYEKA:  Religious?

          RYOKO:  Yeah.  Is it possible that I'm--?

          AYEKA:  Hopeless?  Oh, yes.  I've said it many
times, myself.

     Ryoko sighs and mutters to herself.

          RYOKO:  Why did I bother?

          AYEKA:  No, do go on.  I was merely being
facetious.  I will take your concerns seriously.

          RYOKO:  Really?

          AYEKA:  Yes, of course.  You really aren't as
honest about yourself as you should be--even after all that
business with Dr. Clay.

     Ryoko looks down, a little introspective.

          RYOKO:  Could I actually be a good person?  Is it
possible that I'm not evil, after all?

     Ayeka's eyes widen in shock.

          AYEKA:  I've never truly thought of you as evil,
Ryoko.  You are annoying and pestilential, but I never
believed that it was from an ill will.

          RYOKO:  But, what I mean, is--?

     Sasami enters, holding a pot of tea.

          SASAMI:  Tea's ready!

          AYEKA:  (softly)  That was quick.

     Ryoko looks around and finally notices.

          RYOKO:  Gyah!  Sasami...

     Sasami sets the pot down, and looks around.

          SASAMI:  What?

     Ryoko stands and considers, shaking her head slightly.

          SASAMI:  Did I spill something on myself?

     Ayeka rolls her eyes as Ryoko flickers and disappears.

          SASAMI:  Oh!  I get it!  Last one to notice, I
guess.

     Ayeka picks up the pot and starts to pour some tea.

          AYEKA:  Last one to notice, first one to panic.

THE END

