Dreamcast

Written by Adrian Tymes <wingcat@soca.com>

[Legal disclaimer:

This story is based on characters created by Hiroki Hayashi, Masaki Kajishima,
AIC, and Pioneer.  Permission is granted to freely distribute this story, so
long as:
a: no recompense of financial value is received or given by the person who
distributes the story, and
b: the distributed copy is identical to the story as originally authored.
In other words, don't sell it, and don't alter it.

Copyright (c) 1998, all rights reserved, et cetera.]

******

All was dark and quiet, for the moment.  Even the stars did not shine, but 
this did not concern the dreamer.  She knew what she saw now was but a product 
of her slumbering imagination, so she relaxed and let it show her what it 
would.

Her viewpoint swiveled to the only objects in this void: Ryoko and Tenchi.  
The former pirate was kneeling in front of her desired, with her eyes and head
looking somewhere below his feet.  The presence of solid, yet invisible, 
ground for Ryoko to kneel on did not disturb the dreamer in the least.

Tenchi, for his part, seemed very nervous, almost afraid.  He looked as if he
expected Ryoko to try stripping in front of him again - a sight that, while he
would never claim it to be unbeautiful, caused him significant discomfort due 
to his shyness.  Even so, his gaze did not wander from the woman in front of 
him.

Ryoko broke the silence.  "I love you, Tenchi.  With all my heart and soul, 
with every shred of my being, I love you.  I have since we first met, and I 
will until the moment I die...possibly longer.  I would do anything to 
earn...to be worthy of your love, or even just your respect."  She looked up, 
her eyes pleading.  "Anything."  She reached into a pocket, and brought out a 
gold ring with a large ruby set in it, then held the ring up to Tenchi.  
"Would you be my..."

"R-Y-O-K-O-!-!-!"  Aeka stormed in from nowhere, looking like she carried the
fury of the gods in her heart.  "STAY AWAY FROM MY TENCHI!"  She swatted 
Ryoko's outstretched hands from below, sending the ring flying.

"Your Tenchi?"  Ryoko rubbed the backs of her hands where Aeka had hit them.  
"I don't see any sign on him."

Aeka pulled out a large rubber stamp from behind her, and forcefully applied 
it to Tenchi's forehead.  When she removed it, the words "Property of Aeka" 
were tatooed in black above his eyebrows.  Carrying the stamp in one hand, she 
picked up Tenchi with the other, and carried him away like a hollow mannequin. 
 Tenchi did not move, his face still staring at a point in front of his knees.

Ryoko silently crawled to the ring, and picked it up.  When she studied the
ruby, Washu's face reflected back from inside.  "I failed."  Her voice broke
into sobs.  "I'm sorry, I failed..."

A single teardrop landed on the gem.

******

Ryoko woke with a start.

What a strange dream.  Her words...they were true, all of them.  She really 
did love Tenchi, and yet every attempt to get him to return that love had 
failed, usually due to Aeka.  She was getting desperate, but she could not let 
that show.  One of the first things she had learned as a pirate was that to 
display weakness was to invite your enemies to attack.

Maybe she was going about this the wrong way.  Perhaps, if she just told 
Tenchi, like in the dream...

An old part of her mind, one which was not part of her yet had been with her 
for her entire life, spoke.  "No.  This is wrong."

Still half-asleep, Ryoko could not identify the voice's source, but she 
trusted its advice with her life.  Surely, she mused, she could also trust it 
with her love.  "Very well.  It won't happen this way."  She would have to 
find some other method of convincing Tenchi to love her.

She drifted back to slumber while wondering why the image of a carrot 
presented itself to her mind's eye.

******

Aeka woke with a start.

What a strange dream.  Ryoko had been lying, as usual, but her lies almost won
Tenchi over this time.  Only Aeka's intervention had saved the day.

But the way she intervened troubled Aeka.  To treat Tenchi like a posession, 
no more noble than a dress or a trophy, was unthinkable.  Tenchi loved her; 
Aeka had already seen more than enough proof of that.  True, he was taking his 
time admitting it, but Aeka was perfectly happy to let their relationship 
bloom at a pace he was comfortable with.

Or was she?

Tenchi was going to marry Aeka eventually, she was sure of it.  But, the 
longer it took, the worse Ryoko's attempts to steal him from Aeka became.  She 
had already claimed to sleep with Tenchi, although Tenchi later confirmed that 
that was another of Ryoko's fabrications.  Still, Aeka could not help but fear 
that Ryoko might try to rape him some day, or even kill him, just to make sure 
Aeka no longer had him.

Was nothing sacred to that pirate?  Stealing material things, Aeka could kind 
of understand.  Having lots of money, and jewels, and objects...in that 
regard, at least, it was not too different from her own life.  Despite their 
many fights, Aeka could almost feel pity for one who so desperately wanted the 
same material comforts that Aeka had been born to.  Stealing love was 
completely different, and beyond Aeka's comprehension.

Unless...could Ryoko really love Tenchi, too?

No.  That was not possible.  Aeka had seen Tenchi's heart, and the love it
contained for Aeka.  She had also seen Ryoko's heart, many years ago, before
either one came to Earth.  It was cold and empty, trusting no one except her
cabbit, Ryo-ohki.

She glared at the purring bundle tucked in her younger sister's arms.  That
friendship had been truly unexpected.  Why did you have to be friends with 
that pirate's beast, Sasami?  And, as for you, Ryo-phki, how dare you have the 
nerve to come in here, night after night, and curl up with Sasami...

..and to be so furry, and so cute...

..and why can't I ever stay mad at you?

Suddenly too tired to do anything but smile weakly and yawn, Aeka plopped back
down and let concious thought fade back into sleep.

******

Washu woke with a start.

What a strange dream.  What was she doing in that ring?  Why did Ryoko talk
about failing?

Of course!  It must have been some plot to capture Tenchi for my experiments.
That ring must have been a mind control device.  But, how could I get Ryoko to
help me get it on Tenchi?

A miniature version of Washu popped up over her right shoulder.  "That's easy.
It was also a wedding ring."

Another miniature appeared over her left shoulder.  "Yeah, Washu.  Ryoko wants
Tenchi's love.  You heard her; she would do anything to get it."

"Give her a plan to force things to go her way..." the right statue continued.

"...and she'd go along with it, no matter how crazy it seems," the one on her
left finished.

"You're right."  Washu smirked.  They must have been listening in on her 
dream. "Thanks."

"Don't thank us."  "Yeah.  It's your idea, Washu."

Washu broke out in a grin.  She had programmed these robots to bolster her 
ego, so she would never get depressed.  So far, they had worked like a charm, 
even if they overdid it at times.

"Another idea from the greatest genius in the universe."  "Yaaay, Washu!"

And they had just suceeded again.

Too happy to go back to sleep, Washu headed for her lab.  She had set up an
experiment to record and analyze Ryoko's brainwaves.  Perhaps it could tell 
her what Ryoko was dreaming of at this moment.

******

Tsunami kept Sasami from waking up.

It was neither Tsunami's nor Sasami's dream, which is what alerted Tsunami 
that she might have to intervene.  Feeling the dream out, Tsunami felt the 
familiar rhytym of Washu's devices sending the psychic movie.

What was that scientist up to this time?

Whatever it was, Sasami would have no part of it.  Having to watch her sister
and Ryoko fight by day was bad enough; if even her dreams were invaded, Sasami
might give up trying to make them friends.  That would bode ill for Tenchi, 
and by extension, everyone near him.

A thought occured to her, and she quickly scanned the male residents of the
household as she struck all memories of the dream from Sasami.  Fortunately,
none of the men seemed to have been affected; Washu's telepathic trickery only
touched the females for now.

A shifting mass near Sasami began to wake her despite Tsunami's efforts.  Both
Aeka and Ryo-ohki were already up, but neither one was aware of the other's
current conciousness.  If Sasami were to wake, she would notice both.  Her
intuition was an asset, but in this case, the conclusion she would inevitably
draw would lead her to realize what had just happened - including Tsunami's
editing, which Sasami would not approve of.  Even a seed of doubt could
irreparably damage their bond.

Tsunami quickly slipped a replay of a Pretty Sami dream into her other self's
mind, and relaxed as Sasami stopped her climb to wakefulness.

******

Ryo-ohki woke with a start.

What a strange dream.  She didn't get any carrots.

Reflecting on the dream, the cabbit realized what had happened.  With a mental
link as deep as she had with Ryoko, sharing dreams was not a new experience 
for either one.  Clearly, this had been Ryoko's dream.

But it ended in failure.

She sang to her partner, in a psychic language that can only be crudely
transcribed into words.  "No.  This is wrong."

There was a small pause as Ryoko pondered Ryo-ohki's advice before the pirate
repiled, "Very well.  It won't happen this way."

Ryo-ohki purred at Ryoko's response.  Ryoko would never give up, not that
easily.  Pushing her luck, she queried if Ryoko would mind getting Ryo-ohki a
carrot.

Silence on the other end of the link told the cabbit that her soulmate had 
gone back to sleep.  Shifting in Sasami's arms, Ryo-ohki decided to join her.

******

Mihoshi was not asleep, although she wished she were.

Several hours ago, she had come to Washu's lab to ask some advice.  The
scientist had sent her into a maze, saying something about trying an Earth
scientist's stereotypical experiment.  When Mihoshi finally found her way out 
- more by stumbling around than anything else, as the maze was not well lit - 
a brick of swiss cheese awaited her.  She experimentally nibbled on it, but in 
the dark, she did not see that it had gone moldy quickly.

Her first clue as to what type of mold it was, was when a sudden rush nearly
made her lose her balance.  She could not read the clock next to the cheese 
that told her how long she had taken, and what time it was now.  Not knowing 
that it was the middle of the night, Mihoshi stumbled off to find Washu again.

Before long, she came to a computer terminal.  Figuring that perhaps it would
know the answer to what she wanted to ask of Washu, Mihoshi tried typing her
question in to it, but the terminal only chimed that it was still monitoring
Ryoko's brainwaves.  Trying again, she got it to broadcast Ryoko's current
mental processes.  Deciding that enough was enough, Mihoshi felt around for 
the power switch, and soon turned it off.

After tripping again as she walked away, the Galaxy Police officer wisely 
chose to sit down and stay put.  With nothing else to do, she continued to 
chow down on her cheese...

"MIHOSHI!"

The voice was Washu's...or maybe it was Tenchi's...Ryo-ohki, perhaps?  Looking
in the direction it came from, Mihoshi decided that the two pink-haired forms,
walking in step towards her, must have been all three of them.  And Sasami.

Regardless, she just knew she was going to find her way out of the lab soon.







