I don't own Tenchi. Pioneer does. This story takes place in a world mostly based of the  
OVA series, except it has Kyone and the First movie occurred. The second movie  
also occurred so Mayuka is in the story.



Tenchi Muyo
Dreams within Dreams
Episode 1
Dreams Begin
By Nexodus


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
All that we See or Seem is but a Dream within a Dream
			-Edgar Allen Poe, "A Dream Within A Dream"
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


A dark figure looked out at the blue sphere in deep space.  The Earth.  Soon, it  
would be his time.  He would steal the blue Jewel away from the Jurai.  The Jurai has  
caused him so much pain.  Especially that boy.  The boy with the brown eyes.  The boy  
that can generate the Light Hawk Wings.  Now is the time to strike.
		
	Ayeka awoke to the sounds of yelling and fussing. It was way to early for this, she  
thought. As she descended the stairs from her room, she saw Ryoko squeezing Tenchi.  
Ayeka immediately got pissed. "Ryoko, get away from him." She yelled. Ryoko, still  
holding Tenchi shot an electric glare at the Princess.  
	"Mind your own business Princess," Ryoko began. She made a smile at Tenchi as  
she looked at the Princess. "Tenchi and I were just going to have some fun." Ayeka  
started to walk closer the Ryoko. She was ready to send Ryoko to the moon.
	"Fun!" Exclaimed Ayeka. "He doesn't look like he wants to have fun with you,  
you guttertrash tramp!" Ryoko gave the Juraian princess an icy stare.  
	"What Was That You Said." Tenchi couldn't believe that the girls where starting  
the day like this. He desperately tried to escape Ryoko's loving and bear-like embrace.  
Tenchi was caught deep in the crossfire. Very Deep. Ayeka looked at Ryoko with as she  
made her way closer. She had one of her psycho grins.
	"I said," Ayeka began. "You Guttertrash Tramp!" Ryoko beared her fangs at the  
Princess. Ayeka had crossed the line. Normally, Ryoko would have the sense to let what  
ever the princess say just slide past her, but now this was personal. Ryoko ran over to  
Ayeka while she still held Tenchi.  
	"That's it!" Ryoko yelled. "Come here you bitch!" Ryoko, still holding Tenchi  
began to chase Ayeka around the house. Tenchi, being the only voice of reason left,  
decided to try to stop them.  
	"Please Stop it Girls." Tenchi yelled. "You're going to blow up the house again!"  
but Tenchi's words fell on deaf ears. Ryoko and Ayeka where battle ready, and both  
wanted a piece of each other. Sasami came out of the Kitchen to tell everybody that  
breakfast was ready.  Walked next to Sasami while she was in her Humanoid form.
"Breakfast is Ready Every one." Sasami said cheerfully.  "I made." and then  
Sasami stopped. She knew what was going to happen. "Uh Oh." Was all she could say.  
Ryo-Oki grabbed Sasami and ran with her to the backyard. Both ducked for cover and  
placed their hands on their ears. Ayeka decided that now was the time to attach Ryoko.  
She stopped running and raised as many log shields as she could.  
	"I'm going to teach you a lesson once in for all Ryoko!" Ayeka stared at Ryoko as  
electricity began to fill the room. Ryoko laughed at the past remark.
	"Any Time." Ryoko said. She activated an energy ball in her free hand. Tenchi  
began to panic. Both girls weren't listening to him at all. I'm Dead, was all Tenchi  
thought as they attached one another.
"PREPARE TO DIE!" Ayeka yelled
	"UP YOURS YOUR ROYAL BITCHINESS!" Ryoko charged. And then there  
was a bright light.
		
	Those two are at it again was the only thing Kyone thought as she saw the  
massive explosion.  Kyone was on patrol with Mihoshi when she saw the explosion, and  
what an explosion.  If the energy beam that shot out of the earth was pointed in the  
opposite direction, then the resident officers would have to find a new apartment on  
another planet. As Kyone stared at the blast, she wondered what it was this time. The last  
bowl of ramen noodles, Arguing over who was going to go into the bath first, or the usual  
fight over Tenchi, It didn't matter to the police officer, but she really needed to figure out  
how to get a good promotion to get away from that hell hole, and to get away from her  
greatest fear. Mihoshi.  It is common to have Mihophobia, just not as bad as Kyone has it.  
All of a sudden, the command consul began to beep uncontrollably
	"Kyone, its a distress call." Mihoshi cried. As Kyone began to answer the call, she  
was shocked at how Mihoshi just sounded. That's a first, Kyone thought. Mihoshi was  
actually paying attention more then me. Kyone answered the call.   
"This is Detective 1st class Kyone of the galaxy police," She began. "Please  
respond." She couldn't hear any thing for a minute or two, but then she heard a loud  
garble of speech and static.
"Ple_se _elp us!" The voice yelled. Kyone was having trouble trying to  
understand some of the words. The message continued. "W_ are being A_tacked by  
s_ome te_rible man in a _igantic shi_! P_lease R_e_pond.  Lo_ing Con______" and then,  
there was nothing but static. Whoever made the call was really in trouble, Kyone thought.  
She tried to respond.
"Please repeat the Message." Kyone yelled into the speaker. No answer. This  
frustrated Kyone. The message said something about a giant attack ship. "Damnit.  
Mihoshi, trace that message." Mihoshi gave a GP solute to Kyone.
"Yes Sir." Kyone looked out of the viewport and thought to herself. I hope we can  
save those people in time.
		
	"I don't want to tell you two one more time." Tenchi began. "I don't want you to  
fight each other period! No Energy Blasts. No Log Shields. No Vaporizing Particle  
Beams!" Ryoko, Ayeka and Tenchi where standing outside of what was the Masaki  
Residence. The giant household was now nothing but ash and wood. Ryoko and Ayeka  
looked down at the ground in shame as Tenchi continued to scold them.
"But Tenchi." The Girls said in Unison. Tenchi stopped them before they could  
get another word out.
"No Buts got it." Tenchi said. "Now I want you to go and think about what you  
two did, I'm going to ask Washu to build a new house. Hopefully it'll be Ryoko and  
Ayeka Proof!" And with that, Tenchi walked into the only thing that was left standing of  
the house, the utility closet. The Girls both went to the Onsen. As the Girls washed of the  
burnt marks, they sat in silence. Ayeka was the first to break the silence.
"I hope you know this is your fault." Said a slightly singed Ayeka. Ryoko  
couldn't believe what Ayeka just said. It was as if she had just farted in church.
"My Fault," Ryoko shot back. "Tenchi and I were just having fun while you went  
all gung-ho on us." Ryoko and Ayeka continued to scrub. Ayeka shrugged of Ryoko's  
last Comment.  
"Whatever." The Princess began. "I don't want to talk to you right now." Ryoko  
agreed entirely
"Fine" was all that the space pirate said for the rest of the morning.
		
	Kyone and Mihoshi arrived to the outer reaches of Pluto. They where looking at  
what was once a Terrafarming project. It was now a crater the size of Texas. "What do  
you think Kyone?" asked Mihoshi with her classic I don't know were I am, who I am,  
and where I came from face. Kyone was astonished by the damage.  
"I'm not sure." Kyone began. "There was supposed to be a terra farming  
plantation on the north side of Pluto, but there is nothing." Remembered what the  
message they had gotten earlier said. A giant ship. "They message said that a giant ship  
attacked them. I don't think a Pirate Warbird did this." Mihoshi tried to look at the bright  
side of the crater
"Maybe they went on vacation." The GP Detective stated. Kyone shook her head.
"I don't think they just upped and left," Kyone began. "And that call is just too  
disturbing." Mihoshi, get me a spectral analysis." Mihoshi nodded
"Ok. I hope this is the right button." and so Mihoshi pushed a single button that  
Kyone was hoping wouldn't send here into the vacuum of space.  "All right, I pushed the  
right button." Thank you god thought Kyone as she checked the analysis.  It was the  
normal stuff she saw except for one thing. It was a large ship trail, one she had never  
even seen. This surprised Kyone cause she knew what every ships spectral trail.  
"Mihoshi according to this," Kyone began. "The entire plantation was vaporized.  
Also,  
There is a spectral trail just above the site.  I've never seen anything this big." Mihoshi  
looked at the screen. She knew what the ship was.
"Oh wow, it looks just like the Soja," said Mihoshi. Kyone looked at Mihoshi  
with a raised eyebrow.  
"What did you just say Mihoshi." Kyone said.  
"I said that it looks like the Soja." Kyone Stared at the Trail for a few minutes.  
She had never seen anything like. She tried to remember where she heard the name Soja  
before. She tried to place a name with the ship. And then, like a speeding bullet, it hit her.
"Oh my god." Kyone said. "He's alive. Kagato is alive. And according to this trail.   
Oh no." Mihoshi looked at her partner with a scared expression. She wanted to ask Kyone  
what it meant, but she couldn't do it. Then she finally took a deep breath and asked.
"What is it Kyone?" Kyone stared at the monitor. It wasn't the fact that it was  
Kagato that scared her, it was the fact that she knew the Soja's Destination.  
"Mihoshi." Kyone said with a tremble in her voice. "Set course for the Earth."

	Tenchi stood in a giant room filled with machines, Giant Tubes, and monitors.  
Infront of Tenchi was the caretaker of the massive facility. A girl with long red hair. She  
looked 15 years old, but was in actuality over 2000 years old. She was Washu, the  
greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe. Tenchi asked the Genius with unease in his  
voice. "Please little Washu," Tenchi began. "Could you please rebuild my house?"  
Washu looked at Tenchi with a large sly grin.
	"Tenchi, you know what I want in return." Said Washu. Tenchi began to sweat.  
He knew what she wanted, but he was so afraid. Tenchi decided to come up with an  
alternative.  
	"Oh Man." Tenchi began. "Can't you just take my blood instead." Washu just  
kept looking at Tenchi with that same face.
"I have enough of that." Washu said. Tenchi began to sweat even more. He  
needed to get out of the lab as fast as possible, or he would go insane.
"Please Little Washu, please just fix the house." Tenchi pleaded. Washu decided  
that Playtime was over. She smiled back at Tenchi.
"Well," Washu Began. "Since you asked so nicely and you called me Little  
Washu, I'll do it," This made Tenchi very happy. "But You'll have to give me an IOU for  
You Know what." Tenchi was sweating even harder. But at least she wasn't going to  
probe him.
"Ok." Washu loved to mess with Tenchi's Mind.  It was one of her favorite  
hobbies.  Tenchi was so much like a comic book character with his reactions.  Washu  
decided not to ever get the sample because she loves Tenchi's reaction to that Idea the  
Most.  Anyway, Washu decided to stop looking at Tenchi and focus on the task at hand.   
She already had the blueprints to the house and she had to commend Nobiyuki for his  
designs. They were excellent.  And with a flick of Washu's wrist and the press of a  
button, the house appeared.
"All done." Washu said. Tenchi smiled and his perspiration stopped.
"Thank you Little Washu." Tenchi said
"Don't worry about it Tenchi."
		
	Tenchi was at the dock looking for Ayeka and Ryoko.  He was going to tell them  
that he was sorry if he hurt their feelings and see if they were getting along but they  
weren't there. "Ryoko, Ayeka. It's going to rain soon. Ayeka, Ryoko. Where could they  
be."
"Where could they be you wonder." came a voice behind Tenchi.  Tenchi froze.   
He knew that voice. He knew it to well.  It was the man who tried to kill him and the girls  
a year ago. But it can't be him, Tenchi thought.  Tenchi began to turn around as it began  
to rain.  Tenchi stared at what he thought was a ghost.  A voice from the past.   
"Kagato." was all Tenchi said as he stared at the being he hated the most. "But  
your.."
	"Dead." Kagato said. "You really are pathetic if you thought you killed me.   
Didn't you think it was odd?  How I stood there and dissolved.  How I didn't have a  
painful expression on my face. How there was no blood.  You Idiot it was just a shadow.   
I'm not that weak.  The Jurai cannot harm me.  You cannot harm me!" And with that,  
Kagato grabbed Tenchi's Neck and began to squeeze.  
Tenchi couldn't breath.  Kagato's grip was viselike.  All he could think was before  
he died, he wished he could apologize to Ryoko and Ayeka for all the times he's yelled at  
them.  As his life flashed before his eyes, he saw his mother, when he released Ryoko,  
The fights with Kagato and Dr. Clay.  Tenchi wanted to be free.  He wanted Kagato to let  
go.  Then, all of a sudden, Kagato let go.  Tenchi was on the Ground Gasping for air as  
the dark shadow stood above him. "You're not going to die, yet.  I have plans for you,  
son of Jurai."  Then, Kagato just stood there and began to laugh that Maniacal Laugh.   
This was Tenchi's chance.  He had to contact Ayeka and Ryoko. Sasami wondered where  
everybody was. She had been alone in the house for some time now. She heard a small  
Ruckus come from the back yard so she decided to investigate. Figuring that it was  
Ayeka and Ryoko, She grabbed a tray with several western orderves that she made. It  
was her first attempt at western cooking so she wanted some people to taste it. She also  
thought that it could stop Ryoko and Ayeka from fighting for several minutes. But as she  
looked out the window, she saw a shadow from the past. She Gasped and dropped the  
tray. She thought Kagato was gone, but he was there, and he was, standing above a fallen  
Tenchi. Before she could think, she yelled.
"Tenchi!" Sasami yelled.  She ran to Tenchi, Crying his name.  Kagato saw the  
little princess running towards her. She's just whom I wanted, he thought. As she ran,  
Kagato lifted his free arm and Sasami froze. She couldn't move a muscle. Kagato then  
lifted his arm, and then Sasami was floating in mid air. All Tenchi could do was try to  
contact Tenchi. "Tenchi," The little Princess yelled. "Please get up! I can't move.  
Tenchi!" Kagato continued to stare at the little Princess.
	"Well well," Kagato Began," If it isn't Princess Sasami, or should I say Tsunami  
Unit!"  Sasami's eyes widened. How could he know, Sasami thought. She just floated  
there and stared at the Evil Genius.  
"How did you know?" Sasami called out. "How can you be alive Kagato?"  
Kagato smiled and brushed his hair out of his face.
"I'm not ignorant, little girl." Kagato said. "I could easily detect Tsunami's energy  
resonating from your body.  As for the second question, I'll save that for another time."  
	Ryo-Oki was watching the whole thing as it transpired.  The Cabbit knew she had  
to do one thing.  She had to get Ryoko and Ayeka.  With that knowledge, the Cabbit ran  
in the direction that Ryoko was The Masaki Shrine.

	"Mihoshi, we have to hurry!" Kyone yelled. They had been racing for the earth  
for the last 3 hours, but she was afraid that they would be too late.  
	"But Kyone," Mihoshi began. "The Yagami can't take much more pressure.  If we  
go any fast we'll get there in peace's." Kyone sweared a silent swear as she stared at the  
little blue ball ahead of her. She had to do something.
	"Damnit," Kyone cursed. "Kagato has to be there by now." She got up and ran to  
the door of the cockpit. She turned and looked at Mihoshi. "Mihoshi, continue on the  
course.
"What are you going to do?" Mihoshi asked. Kyone took a deep breath.
"I'm going to contact Washu and alert her of the situation." She began. "Maybe  
she can warn Tenchi before its to late." And with that, she made sprint through the door.
		
	At the shrine, Ayeka and Ryoko where still arguing over the recent arguments. "I  
still think it was your fault Ryoko." Ryoko stared at Ayeka as she continued to work. It  
was their day to clean the shrine. She couldn't believe that the Princess was still going off  
on what had happened earlier. She stopped sweeping for a minute to look at Ayeka.
	"Why cant you just give it up and keep sweeping." Ryoko said. Ayeka stood tall  
and tried to make herself look like the Goddess Althena or something like that.
	"Because," The Princess began. "I want to prove to Lord Tenchi that it was all  
your fault to begin with." Ryoko couldn't believe what Ayeka just said. She looked at  
Ayeka as if the little Princess had just farted in church.  
	"Don't you remember what Tenchi said." Ryoko began. "He said no more  
fighting. And I for one am at least going to try to do what Tenchi's told me to do." Ryoko  
continued to look down at the Princess. "I swear Ayeka, Mihoshi isn't that dense." That  
was the last straw. Ayeka threw her broom to the ground and began to make a sound  
similar to growling.
	"What Was That You Said?!" Ayeka demanded. Ryoko continued to look at the  
Princess, except now she was having a hard time keeping from laughing. The space Pirate  
decided to answer the princess.
	"I said" Ryoko began, almost taunting the princess. "That Mihoshi wasn't that  
dense, your royal Pain in the Ass!" Ayeka's eyes began to generate electricity.  
	That's it." Ayeka yelled. She began to roll her sleeves up as she stomped towards  
Ayeka. The two stood there and began to get into their battle stances, but they where  
halted by the myaing of a familiar Cabbit.
	"Mya, Mya Myaaa!" came a very urgent Cabbit. The girls looked down at her  
hand both wondered what the intrusion was for.
	"Ryo-Oki.  What is it." Both girls said in unison, with a slight agitation. The  
Cabbit began to jump up wildly as she yelled to them.  
	"MYA MYAMYA MYAAA MMMYYYAAA!" Ryoko understood every Mya  
while Ayeka was in the dark. As soon as Ryoko heard the message, she immediately  
froze. Her face no longer had that carefree look. It was replaced by a look of horror.   
Immediately, she looked at the sky, to search for evidence to the message. And there it  
was. In plain site. It was the Soja.
	"It can't be!" Ryoko muttered as she stared in awe of the vessel. It was something  
she hadn't wanted to see ever again in her entire life. It was the ship that enslaved her  
many years ago. But now it was even bigger. Ryo-Oki continued her message to Her  
bigger sister. Ryoko immediately looked toward the small cabbit for more info, but what  
she heard, struck her like a bullet. She flew into the air. "Kagato!" The space pirate called  
out. "Tenchi, I'm coming!" and with that, she darted toward the house as fast as she could  
fly. Ayeka heard the word Kagato and immediately Ran in the Direction that Ryoko was  
heading.
"Wait for me Ryoko!" the Princess called out.

	Kagato was enjoying the scene before him. He hadn't been so entertained all his  
life. He wanted to wait for Ryoko to show up, so he could mock her by taking away the  
one thing she cherished. Suddenly he felt the Presence of another. He turned around to  
find a teal-haired Galaxy Police Officer pointing a blaster at his face. The officer began to  
speak. "Kagato!  I am first class detective Kyone.  Put them down this instant!" Kagato  
shrugged of her orders and began to smile.  
	"I was hoping that Ryoko would be the first to challenge me." Kagato began.  
"This suprises me." Kyone continued to point the blaster at his face.
	"I repeat," Kyone began. "If you don't put them down this instant, I will arrest  
you." Kagato threw his head back and began to Laugh. It chilled Kyone to the bone. She  
continued to hold her blaster up.
"You have no authority in this matter, Officer Kyone." Kagato began. "As I  
recall, my warrant expired the day of my death."  
	"But I can arrest you." Kyone continued to level the gun to his head. If he isn't  
going to put them down soon, Kyone thought, then I'm going to have to kill him. Kyone  
opened fire. The first shot just slide over Kagatos head like a drop of water. She  
continued to fire, but every shot would bounce of his head. It wasn't long before Kyone  
ran out of Ammo. Kagato began to laugh. And at that moment, Ryoko, Ayeka, and  
Washu all entered the picture that Kagato was painting.  
	"Kagato!" Ryoko yelled. This caused Kagato to laugh even more. He enjoyed  
tormenting his former Puppet. "If you don't put them down I'll kill you." Ryoko  
generated her Energy sword. Kagato continued to smile.
"If you take one step closer," Kagato began. "Then Tenchi and Sasami will become a  
distant memory." Ryoko froze. She immediately turned her sword of. "Good." Kagato  
continued. "Now, I'm taking these two with me.  You can follow if you wish but I must  
warn you that you will experience a painful death.  Ryoko, Normally I would allow you  
to return with me but now I'd say that the pain of losing Your Tenchi is far to worse.  I'll  
be in the Gemini Star with these two jewels of Jurai, if you wish to follow.   
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" and with that, Kagato disappeared with Tenchi and  
Sasami.  Ryoko looked at were they were and a single tear rolled down here left cheek.   
There was only one thing she could do right then and there.   
"KKKKAAAGGGAAATTTOOO!!!" She screamed into the rainy October sky.  
Ayeka was scared. She couldn't think of the pain that Sasami and Tenchi were going  
through. Kyone angrily threw her pistol to the ground. She just let her Promotion go  
through the crapper, along with Tenchi and Sasami. The Detective looked at Washu
"Washu, is there any thing we can do?" Kyone asked. Washu put her hands on her  
hips and responded.
	"Of course there is," The Genius said. "We go after them."
			
	Tenchi Masaki finally caught his breath. He had no recollection of what had just  
happened and he couldn't move. Where am I, Tenchi thought?  Oh no, Where's Sasami?   
Tenchi looked around at his surroundings.  He was held by large metallic restraints on a  
wall in a large spherical chamber.  In the room were 3 trees.  Jurai Energy Tree's.  And in  
the middle lay Sasami, chained to the floor.  "Sasami!  Can you hear me Sasami?" Tenchi  
called out her name as if it meant life or death. And it did. She didn't respond. Tenchi  
was completely afraid of what was about to transpire. Suddenly, he heard a voice.
	"Tenchi!" It was Sasami, she was alive. Tenchi burst into tears, knowing that she  
was alive meant a lot. They could still escape. He heard her voice again, this time it was  
trembling. "Tenchi, I'm scared." Tenchi lowered his head. He had to think of a way to get  
out of there. But first, he had to help Sasami. He decided to comfort her with words.
	"Don't worry, Sasami," Tenchi called out. "I'll get you out some way or another."  
But suddenly, Tenchi heard the voice of his capture.  
	"Do you really think you can escape Soja?" Kagato said. Tenchi looked around  
for the owner of the voice, but found nothing. He decided to call Kagato out.
	"Kagato," Tenchi shouted. "Were Are You!  Show Your Self!" All of a sudden,  
then entire room was silent. Tenchi couldn't hear anything. Then, the silence was broke  
by Kagato insane laughter. After the laughing died, he heard a response.
	"I'm all around you Tenchi." Kagato said. "I'm going to enjoy this." Tenchi closed  
his eyes, trying to figure out where the voice was coming from, but he couldn't. It was  
coming from every direction he could think of.  
	"What are you going to do to use?" Tenchi called out.  
	"I might as well tell you." Kagato began. "I'm going to use your three light Hawk  
wings, along with the three wings of these Juraian trees to extract Tsunami from Sasami."  
Tenchi gasped. Can it be done? Sasami began to cry. He could hear her trying to suppress  
her tears. Kagato continued. "I hope it doesn't kill you two. I'd rather do that as slow as  
possible. I want you to beg for mercy.  I will enjoy killing you." Tenchi couldn't believe  
what he was saying. 		
	"Kagato," Tenchi yelled. "I swear on my Mothers Grave that I will Make You pay  
for this!" Kagato wouldn't respond. He was enjoying every minute of this. He decided to  
end the conversation. Tenchi heard Kagato's insane laugh one more time before there  
was silence.  

Ryoko stared at the raining night sky.  The same group of images running through her  
mind as if it were the 100-meter dash.  The look on Tenchi's Face as Kagato laughed.   
The evil in Kagato's voice.  She's heard that evil before.  She hated that evil.  It was that  
evil which caused her to destroy.  Which caused her to kill.  Never again Ryoko thought.   
Never again will I let Kagato try to destroy my life.  Never again will Kagato attack her  
or her friends.  Never again will he hurt her Tenchi.  "NEVER AGAIN!" Ryoko Yelled.  
Her Cry of anger could be heard for Miles around. Ryoko phased into her battle suit.  
"Kagato will NEVER AGAIN HURT MY TENCHI!"  And with a blink of her eye, she  
Teleported away.  Ayeka looked over to were Ryoko just was. For the First time in her  
life, she felt sorry for the Demon, and for the first time in her life she agreed completely  
with Ryoko.   
"Ryoko is right." The Princess said. Tears were falling of her face. Ayeka looked  
up in the Sky with Vengeful eyes. As if to stare a hole through the space time continuum.  
She wanted her sister back. Kagato doesn't have the right to take Tenchi and Sasami from  
Ayeka. She looked over at Kyone. "Kyone," The Princess began. "I want you to prepare  
the Yagami for Take off." The princess then looked in the direction of Mihoshi.  
"Mihoshi, get my Brother." Ayeka commanded. "We might need his help." Washu ran to  
her lab, calling back to the others as she went.
"I'm going to get some gear." The redheaded scientist yelled. "We may need it."  
Washu ran as fast as she could. She knew that now was not the time to make jokes. It was  
very serious. She had to save her greatest Guinypig from that Devil, Kagato. She just  
hoped she could be able to stand against Kagato. And she also hoped that it wasn't too  
late.

	Tenchi struggled against his bonds with all the strength he could muster. But it  
was no good. The more he tried, the more energy he lost. He decided that it would be  
better to conserve his energy. Damn it, Tenchi thought. There's got to be something I can  
do. I have to get Sasami out of here. She's just a little girl. Damnit. Tenchi looked over at  
where the young princess lay. She was trembling with fear. He decided to talk to her. To  
comfort her. "Sasami?" Tenchi said. The Princess stopped shaking enough to listen to  
Tenchi.  
	"Yes Tenchi." Sasami replyed. Tenchi was happy to know that the Princess was  
ok. So far. Tenchi began to take deep breaths and meditated with the skills his  
grandfather taught him. It wasn't long before Tenchi was no longer nervous. Tenchi then  
held his breath when he noticed that Sasami was shaking uncontrollably. She's just a  
little girl, Tenchi thought. Even if she is Tsunami, she doesn't know how to handle the  
situation they are in. He decided to talk to her, to make her feel better.
	"Sasami." Tenchi began. "I promise, I'll get us out of here.  Don't worry.  It'll be  
all right." Sasami stopped shaking. She began to take deeper, longer breaths to calm her  
nerves.  
	"I hope so." Sasami said.  For the first time truly in Sasami's life, she was terrified  
beyond belief.  Tsunami won't speak to her.  She doesn't know where she is or how she  
got there.  All she knows is that Tenchi is with her and so is Kagato.  She heard the whole  
conversation earlier with Tenchi and Kagato.  Kagato mentioned using the Light Hawk  
Wings to separate Sasami from Tsunami. This scared Sasami even more. What if it kills  
me, Sasami said. What if I seize to exist? All Sasami knew was that Tenchi was with her.  
Tenchi would help her escape. Tenchi would save her. She broke the silence. "Tenchi?"  
Sasami said. Tenchi looked over at Sasami.
	"Yeah Sasami." Tenchi asked. Sasami began to take slow deep breaths.  
	"I want to go home." The Princess said. Tenchi couldn't agree more. He just  
wishes that he could rewind back to this morning. Correct that. He wants to go back to  
yesterday afternoon, before his house was vaporized. Tenchi responded to Sasami's wish.
	"So do I Sasami. So do I." Tenchi said. He then went to sleep.

	Flew as fast as she could through the depth of space. She had forgotten Ryo-oki,  
but it didn't matter.  All that mattered was Tenchi and Sasami, and Ryoko would fly to  
the very center of the universe just for Tenchi. As Ryoko continued, she pondered what  
Kagato wanted. She knew he wanted Tsunami, but why Tenchi. The question raced  
throughout her head as she continued to fly. Why did this have to happen, Ryoko asked  
herself. But it was no time to ask questions. She wasn't out just to save Tenchi, She was  
out for blood as well. It was time for her to take out her former master once and for all.  
"I'm coming Tenchi." Ryoko yelled. "Kagato, Were I'm going to send you will be far  
worse then any thing in Hell." And then, Ryoko began to fly even faster as she flew past  
Jupitor.

	The girls where riding in the Yagami, on their way to fight Kagato. Ayeka looked  
over at her brother. "I'm glad you came, Yosho," said Ayeka, already in her battle  
Fatigues. Yosho, known as Lord Katsuhito on Earth, looked over at his younger Half  
sister. He hadn't had a chance to have a real conversation with her for some time. The  
man Yosho, the Juraian Prince. Most people looked at the Lord Katsuhito like he was in  
his Seventies. He looked like it, but only his mother, the Lady Funaho of Jurai, knew that  
his appearance was a disguise.  
	"I had to come." Yosho said. "I can't just sit back and watch this fight.  Tenchi  
and Sasami must be saved. It is for the future of Jurai and the Earth that those two don't  
die." Yosho looked at Ayeka with a smile. "Besides, I haven't had a real challenge in a  
long time."
	"Can you quit your blabbering and focus on the problem at hand!" yelled a very  
agitated Washu. She had set up a small table in the Yagami's cockpit and on it, she had  
an old blueprint of the first Soja. She was praying that Kagato's knew Soja was just like  
his first. "Ok, this is the plan." The red headed Scientist began. "Tenchi should be with  
Sasami so that should slow down our search. Kyone and I will find Tenchi and Sasami  
and free them.  Ayeka and Yosho will confront Kagato. Hopefully Ryoko will show up  
and you can triple team him." Washu looked over at Mihoshi. "Mihoshi will stay on the  
ship so we can get away in a hurry if we have too. Kyone will take Sasami to the Yagami  
while myself and Tenchi will meet up with you guys and help fight Kagato." Mihoshi,  
sitting in her chair, let out a small giggle, the rest of the crew looked at her with raised  
eyebrows. When Mihoshi stopped, she noticed that everybody was paying attention to  
her. Washu was the first to speak. "What is it?"		
"I was just thinking." Mihoshi said. "This isn't that hard after all." The entire  
crew facefaulted. Ayeka got up and immediately got in Mihoshi's face.
	"Simple for you." Ayeka yelled. "We have to do the hard work." Kyone looked  
out the main View port and saw the Soja. It was bigger then anything she had ever seen.  
It was even bigger then the GP headquarters. Well, Kyone thought, Somebody does  
appreciate the fact that size does matter. She looked back to see Ayeka still yelling at  
Mihoshi. She decided to break up.  
"Enough Arguing people," Kyone said. "We're approaching the Soja." The others  
stopped to look out the view port. There it was, big as life and twice as ugly. It was huge.  
Washu stared at her former prison. She never wanted to come back to the hellhole, but  
now she was forced to do it.

	Kagato was sitting in his throne room, around him, was a lavish display of  
artwork he had collected. Behind him, a fine Organ. He was looking at the tiny ship  
through his giant viewscreen. Such a small ship, he thought, but even the smallest of  
ships can cause trouble. I mustn't underestimate my enemy's. The last time I did that, I  
lost my first Soja. To his right was his one and only henchman, or Henchwomen. Her  
name was D. Simply D. D was a Biosynthetic Android built by the late doctor Leonhart.  
She was his last masterpiece, before Kagato killed him for his work. Kagato to send D to  
do his bidding. She looked like Ryoko, the same size and figure, but her hair was shorter  
and Black, compared to Ryoko's Long Silver hair. Her eyes where completely black. D  
realized that when he returned to earth, he would need a new assistant. The Doctor  
wouldn't give her to him, so he killed him and took her. He promised that when D earned  
his respect, she would be able to see her "Father" again. "D," Kagato began. He stood up  
from his throne and began to walk out of the room. "I leave these pest's to you. Activate  
the defense cannons, I'll be in the chamber."
	"Yes, lord Kagato." D said. Kagato stepped out of his Throne Room and made his  
way to the Separation chamber. It was a long walk, but he wanted to pace himself. He  
would be the victor of this day. This brought a smile to his face. It wasn't long before he  
stood by the command Console of the Separation chamber. He looked into the  
videomoniter and saw his treasures. He decided to get their attention with a Laugh.  
	Tenchi awoke to the Sounds of Kagato's Cackle ripping into his skull. It was very  
loud. He tried to clutch his ears, but then he remembered that he was bound to the wall.  
He looked around for the owner of the voice, but found nothing. "Kagato." Was all  
Tenchi could say. Suddenly, the floor around Sasami began to glow. Sasami noticed this  
and immediately screamed. And then Tenchi heard the Voice of Evil once again.
	"Well know," Kagato began. "Let us begin." Kagato Slowly began to twist a knob  
on the Conceal. He watched in awe as the room got brighter and brighter.  
	"You bastard," Tenchi Cursed. "Let Sasami go." Kagato just stood there and  
laughed some more. The room filling with Laughter and Light. Tenchi's arms began to  
hurt.
	"I can't do that." Kagato began. A smile grew on his face even bigger then the last  
one he wore. "By the way." The evil Scientist began. "You will feel some momentary  
discomfort." and with that He flipped the main Power Switch to the Electric Generator.  
Tenchi closed his eyes to avoid blinding himself as his body began to smoke. Tenchi  
yelled for Sasami
	"Sasami! Close Your Eyes!"  Sasami instantly closed her eyes. She was in  
incredible pain from the high Voltage. Her Body shaking like never before. Tenchi  
continued to call Sasami. "SASAMI! HANG ON! AAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!!"   
And then Tenchi's Forehead began to glow uncontrollably.

	"Incoming! Brace for impact!"  Yelled Kyone.  The Yagami just got hit for the  
fourth time. The Ship rocked back and forth by every incoming blast. The power cells in  
the main Engine were almost dead. Mihoshi began to yell uncontrollably.
	"Kyone, The shields cant take much more of this."  Yelled Mihoshi. Kyone  
clenched her teeth as they were hit a fifth time.  
	"Tell me something I don't know."  Kyone Shouted. And then Kyone looked out  
side at the Soja.  There it was. Perhaps the largest Cannon she had ever seen in her career  
and it was pointing directly at her. "Oh My God." was the only thing she could say before  
the dark Vacuum of Space became as bright as the brightest Corona.

	Ryoko stopped her flight when she saw it.  The brightest flash she's ever seen.   
Bright enough to blind a normal person. She knew that the Soja was there, but now she  
was very worried about that Flash. She Started to Fly faster then she ever thought  
possible. "Tenchi, Hang On!" The Space Pirate called out. "I hope I'm not too late."  

	Kagato stood there, amazed at his handy work. The Process was Amazing.  
Breathtaking. "It's working, just as the Theory stated." Kagato Began. "Twelve Wings at  
Full power can absorb energy. Perfect."  Tenchi was hurting.  Hurting badly.  His wings  
were activated and he still hurt.  All Tenchi could do was lay there and Pray that he  
survives.  Pray that he and Sasami make it.  He looked into the middle of the room and  
Sasami was glowing.  The entire room was so bright.  Then it stopped.  The wings. The  
hurting.  The Light.  All gone.  Tenchi slowly looked up.  He was smoking.  Tenchi then  
looked at Sasami.  Until that moment in time, Tenchi thought he'd seen every thing.  But  
nothing in life prepared him for this.  In the center of the room lay an unconscience  
Sasami, and above her stood Tsunami.  That was the last thing Tenchi saw before he  
passed out.

Tenchi Masaki couldn't see.  All he could possibly see was white, that's all.   
Tenchi was hurting.  The last thing he could recall was a burst of electricity, a maniacal  
laugh, and a glowing goddess.  Tenchi tried to look around, but it was impossible.   
"Where am I", he said.  Nobody answered.  Tenchi began to panic.  He couldn't  
remember what happened and new something was terribly terribly wrong.  Am I, am I  
dead, thought Tenchi.  No, that cant be. Tenchi began to wonder what was really going  
on. He also knew he needed help. Suddenly, he heard a voice
	"Tenchi." The voice spoke his name.  It was soft and sweet. Tenchi recognized the  
voice, but couldn't place it. It was a voice he hadn't heard for a very long time. He  
thought back to when he was a kid, and then he finally remembered. Tears slowly began  
to drip from his eyes.  Tenchi knew who it was, and he decided to call out her name.
	"Mom? Mom is that you?" Tenchi yelled. He knew she was there, but he couldn't  
see her.   The mother he lost when He was a child. And then, in a brilliant flash of light.  
She appeared. She looked just the same as when he was a child. Much older then the girl  
he saved from the evil Kain.  
	"Yes Tenchi," Lady Atchika Began. "Its me.  Don't worry, you're not dead, just  
unconscience." Tenchi looked at her with a raised eyebrow. If he wasn't dead, then how  
could he see her? Tenchi decided to ask that very question.
	"Then what are you doing here?" Atchika smiled as she looked at her Tenchi.  
	"Tenchi, I'm here to be your guide." Tenchi was even more in the dark. Why  
would he need a guide? It wasn't like he was really going anywhere.  
	"My, My Guide." Tenchi asked.  
	"Yes." Atchika said. "I'm here to guide you out of this coma. Perhaps, you'll learn  
more about yourself in the process. Come with me." Tenchi began to follow his mother.   
He had no idea what was going to happen but he knew his mother wouldn't hurt him.   
The surroundings began to take shape.  I went from white to something like Technicolor.   
Then, Tenchi knew were he was.  Out side the cave.  The one were he freed Ryoko one  
year ago.  "This is were we will begin." Atchika said.
		
	The Yagami floated in Dark nothingness. There was nothing. No Stars. No  
Planets. No Soja. Nothing. Washu wiped the sweat of her forehead. "That was close."   
Commented Washu. "We almost bite the farm back there." Ayeka looked at Washu with  
a questioning smile on her face.  
	"Miss. Washu, where are we." asked an almost agitated Ayeka. Washu stood up  
from her seat and folded her arms infront of her chest. The crew of the Yagami all looked  
at the Small Scientist for an answer.
	"Subspace." Washu said.  
"How in the blue hell did we end up in subspace?" Kyone asked. "I mean, it's  
impossible without a Subspacial Transceiver." Washu looked at the Teal-heard Detective.  
She was almost tempted to turn Kyone into a water sprite, but she was the only  
dependable pilot on the Ship. So, she decided to answer her question.
"I built a subspace transporter that would activate if I was ever in any real  
danger." Washu began. "I used the transporter on the Yagami so that if the ship was  
about to be toast, I would use my brain waves to teleport the ship into subspace." Washu  
let a very large grin cover her face. "You may all bow down before my greatness." Kyone  
raised her eyebrow at the red-haired scientist.
	"That's nice Washu," Kyone began "But how exactly do we get out of here."  
Washu was about to tell her but then, she thought of something. Then, her eyes went  
wide as a giant sweat drop appeared on her forehead.  
	"Oops." Washu said, still sweating. Ayeka began to panic along with the rest of  
the crew. Mihoshi spaced out right there. Kyone face faulted and Yosho just sate there,  
meditating. Ayeka ran over to Washu and began to violently shake the Scientist.
	"What do you mean oops?" Asked a Frantic Ayeka. Washu tried to stop the  
Crazed Princess, but it was no use. When angered, the Princess's Strength and Speed are  
increased a thousand fold.
"I built a Transporter that can take us into Subspace," Washu began. "But it never  
occurred to me that I would need a way out." The Crew face Faulted again, including  
Yosho. Ayeka stopped Shaking Washu and began to choke her. Washu `s face instantly  
turned a bright blue. Kyone jumped out of her seat and tried to pull the Princess from the  
Scientist. Kyone instantly grabbed the Sedative from Washu's emergency medical kit and  
ran to the Princess.
"Sorry about this your highness." Kyone began. "But we need her alive." And  
with that, she jammed the needle into Ayeka's Rear. The Princess immediately let go of  
Washu and fell asleep. Washu rubbed her neck. It was red.  
"Thank you Kyone." Washu said.  
"You can thank me by getting us the hell out of here." And with that, Washu  
agreed.

	 Tenchi was standing next to his mother at the Cave. He had been here many  
times before, but this time, something was different. He knew something was different  
but he just couldn't place it. Tenchi's mother, the Lady Atchika, Began to speak. "Tenchi.   
Look at this image." Achika said.  "What do you see." Tenchi continued to look at the  
Image before him.
	"It's the cave." He began. "Looks like the way it always does." Atchika shook her  
head. Tenchi knew he must of giving her a wrong answer. Atchika began to speak.
	"You see the cave," She began. "But look closer.  Do you see anything  
important." Tenchi began to look harder. Suddenly, images began to slowly appear at the  
cave. He began to see him self as a young boy, playing around the cave. This surpassed  
Tenchi. He wasn't expecting this.
	"I see myself, as a child, playing near the cave." Tenchi began. "Grandpa always  
said never to go near it but like most boys that age, I was full of curiosity.  I always  
wanted to go in there.  To see what the demon looked like." Atchika sat down on one of  
the larger rocks.  
	"You did go in there." She said. Tenchi nodded his head in agreement.
	"Your right." He began. "One year ago.  I'll never forget that day.  The day I met  
Ryoko.  It was also the day that my adventures began. I owe alot to Ryoko." Tenchi  
thought back to the fun he's had with the Girls, all because of him Releasing Ryoko.  
	"You came here every time we visited father." Atchika began. A small tear  
trickled down her cheek. "I loved to watch you play.  It was one of my pastimes.  I want  
to show you something Tenchi."  Achika waved her hand and the scenery began to  
change.  "I want to show you your greatest power."  The scenery stopped moving.   
Tenchi saw it.  The day his mother died.  Tenchi saw himself as a child, sitting on the  
rock crying his eyes out, but it was what was next to him that shocked him the most.   
Ryoko was sitting next to the crying Tenchi, Comforting him.  In Ryoko's eyes, Tenchi  
saw tears.  Ryoko was crying for him.  "Ryoko was always there.  When you played, she  
played with you.  When you slept, she watched over you.  And when you wept, she did,  
too.  Tenchi Masaki.  Your greatest power isn't in a sword or even a Light Hawk Wing.   
It was your heart.  Ryoko knew this.  She wants to be with you for your heart.  Your  
greatest power is Ryokos love.  If you love Ryoko, then you both will be unstoppable."  
Tenchi continued to stare at the image of him and Ryoko as if he was possesed. He had  
no idea that she loved him this much. He always thought that she was just trying to get  
under Ayeka's skin. He knew she had feelings for him, just never this strong.
	"Ryoko." Tenchi said in astonishment  
	"Yes." Atchika began. "It is the power of love, Tenchi.  Use it well." Tenchi's  
mother began to vanish, but tenchi could still hear her calling his name. "Tenchi Tenchi  
Tenchi Tenchi Tenchi, Wake up.  Please Answer me Tenchi."  The Voice changed to  
Ryoko's, and Tenchi Woke up and saw those Golden Eyes. Ryoko was sitting over  
Tenchi, tears streamed down the side of her face. She had been crying for a long time.
	"Ry, Ryoko." Tenchi said, with a stutter. Ryoko gave a sigh of relief. She thought  
that he was never going to wake up.
	"Oh God Tenchi, Never Frighten Me Again." Ryoko said. Ryoko was crying.   
The same tears he saw earlier. Tenchi smiled. His entire body hurt more then anything he  
had ever felt, but he managed to lift his right arm, so he could wipe her tears from her  
eyes. He began to caress her cheek.
	"I'm sorry Ryoko." Tenchi said. "I'll never frighten you again." Ryoko stopped  
crying. She now had a large smile on her face. She began to stand up.
	"Lie still Tenchi," Ryoko said, calmly. "I'm going to check on Sasami." Tenchi  
lowered his arm with a grunt of pain.
	"Ok." Tenchi said. He began to sit up.  It hurt incredibly, but he knew he was ok.   
His vision was blurry, but otherwise fine.  As his eyes corrected, he discovered he was in  
the same room.  He was free from his bonds now.  He looked around now as his vision  
slowly returned.  The three trees are dead now. They couldn't sustain the electric shock.   
Sasami was in the middle of the room were Ryoko was now trying to awaken her.  But  
the glowing Tsunami was gone.  This worried Tenchi.  "Is Sasami ok." He asked. Ryoko  
looked over at Tenchi and smiled.
	"She'll be fine." Ryoko began."  She just needs rest. It took me forever to find you  
guys." Tenchi looked at Ryoko with a puzzled look. How could it be hard to find the  
Soja? It was as big as a small moon.
	"What do you mean," Tenchi asked. "Aren't we still on the Soja?" Ryoko looked  
over at Tenchi with a happy expression.
	"No, Kagato ejected this piece of the Ship from the Soja." She paused for a  
minute, trying to remember where they are. Then it came to her. "You're in the middle of  
Northern Pluto." Tenchi couldn't believe where they where. For one thing, he thought  
that Pluto had no air. If that's the case, how can he breath.  
	"Pluto!?" Tenchi yelled.
	"Yeah." Ryoko said. She looked down at the still unconscious Sasami. She looked  
like she was the most exhausted. Ryoko decided to let her rest. "You going to be ok,  
Tenchi?" Tenchi looked at Ryoko and smiled.
	"Yeah.  I just need to rest." But then, Tenchi frowned. He wondered what  
happened to the others.  "Ryoko," He asked. "Were are Ayeka and the others?" Ryoko  
frowned and looked down at the ground. She knew she would have to tell him, sooner or  
later. Ryoko took a very deep breath.
	"I don't know." She began. "I left without them after Kagato.  I flew all by myself  
to Pluto to find you.  When I reached this Area, I saw a Bright Flash.  It must've been  
some sort of Cannon. I also saw the Yagami, but it disappeared. My guess is that the  
Yagami and its crew are now Vapor." Tenchi went wide-eyed.
	"WHAT!?" He yelled. He could've woken up the dead. Ryoko decided to reassure  
him.
	"But I'm Sure Washu saved them." Ryok began, a sweat drop appearing above her  
head. "I have a Telepathic Link with her and can Sense if she's Ok. I Contacted Ryo-Oki.   
She's on her way.  When she gets here, We can go after Kagato. I have a score to settle  
with him." Tenchi calmed down and lay himself back down. He then began to speak.
	"Ryoko." He said, a small tear sliding down his eye.
	"What?" She asked.
	"Thank you. Thanks for coming after Sasami and me." Tenchi said. "And Thanks  
for Every thing you've done for me." Ryoko smiled back at Tenchi.
	"Sure." Was all she could say. Ryoko was happy. Tenchi was alive and he  
thanked her for it.  perhaps, Ryoko thought. Perhaps Tenchi has finally chosen me.  She  
looked over at Tenchi and noticed he fell asleep. He looks so cute when he's asleep,  
Ryoko thought. Ryoko flew over to the dead Jurai Trees and began covering Tenchi and  
Sasami it Jurai leaves to keep them warm. Pluto can be very cold. She then double  
checked for any hostility in the area and flew to the roof of the capsule to wait for Ryo-
Oki.

	Kagato sat in his throne staring at the Goddess before him.  Tsunami was in a  
large Glass Hourglass filled with Argaso sand, just like Ryoko was one year ago.  Except  
for the fact that Tsunami was connected to Soja's Main Defense computer.  Every thing  
was going to plan for Kagato.  He now has the most powerful ship ever created in his  
possession and was about to make a speech that would be transmitted to Jurai.  He ran the  
speech again and again in through his mind.  "Ladies and Gentlemen of the Juraian  
Homeworld.  I am Kagato.  700 Years ago Ryoko under my control attached your great  
planet with deadly force.  This time however, I don't want to destroy Jurai.  I want to  
Own Jurai.  I have, currently in my possession Tsunami Unit.  Through her, I can  
command every Tree on Jurai.  As of this moment, I issue this statement.  I wish to have  
total control of all Juraian Command Centers.  I want full dictatorship rule under myself.  
And I want the Juraian supercomputer, Epsilon.  If I don't get what I want in the next 100  
hours, Ill activate the self-destruct Command of every Tree, Causing a complete Melt  
down of the Juraian Homeworld.  I will also shoot down any and all ships that approach  
my ship.  Remember, 100 Hours.  I know you'll all make the right choice."  It was music  
to Kagato's ears.  The People would riot and Chaos would control all. And the  
Government would believe that Kagato would actually want Jurai, but the Secret is  
within. Kagato would love to see Looks on the Jurai Imperial Family when they discover  
that the greatest power in the Universe was under their noses. He would soon gain the  
greatest power of all and there is no one that can stop him.

	D sat alone in her room. It had been a while since Kagato imprisoned the goddess  
in the glass. She was getting tired. She wanted her father, but Kagato said that she  
couldn't see him unless she did his bidding. But if that's true, then where is her father.  
She was scared. She didn't know what to do. All she knew was that she had to continue  
searving her master.

	Kagato stared at the girl in the hourglass.  She was marvelous, Kagato thought.  A  
being who's power could rival his own.  Could, but wouldn't.  Tsunami had been asleep  
ever since the separation.  Kagato tried to wake her threw various ways, but he couldn't.   
She just stood there.  A frozen Goddess.  But Kagato needed her awake.  He can't  
perform his master plan without her powers.  His statement had been broadcast all over  
the Universe for the last hour and he was getting impatient.  He looked over at D.  D was  
a masterpiece.  She was built by the best.  A Dr. LeonHart.  LeonHart was a genius when  
it came to producing artificial intelligence and was considered one of the best and  
brightest out of the Galaxy Science Academy.  He was though.  Kagato didn't need his  
services any more after the creating of D.  D wouldn't be needed any longer though.  But,  
all and all, Kagato continued to look at D.  She looked a lot like Ryoko minus several  
features.  She had black eyes, short Black hair; but she had the same abilities.  Kagato  
knew he would need them soon, because when it comes to Emperor Azusa, You need all  
the help you can get.

Lady Funaho had spent the last hour trying to contact Washu, but to no avail.   
Something was terribly wrong.  It was as if she had disappeared from the face of the  
Universe. Lady Masaki was with her, trying her greatest to figure out how Kagato got  
Tsunami, and what has become of her baby Girl. She was panicking ever since the  
message was broadcast. All she wanted now was to hold her baby girls and never let  
them go. Funaho Continued to yell through a long distance video transmitter.  "Washu, if  
you are there, please answer me!" Funaho yelled.  "Damnit, how could this have  
happened." She was getting very frustrated. Masaki looked over at Funaho from where  
she sat.  
	"Any word, Funaho?" Masaki asked. Funaho just shook her head. She looked  
over at the Blue haired girl. She was her equal. Both queens of Jurai. Both married to the  
same man. Funaho hated to see her equal like this. Lady Masaki sat on the couch in their  
royal quarters. She was clinging to a large throw pillow as if it where one of her  
daughters.  
	"No Misaki." Funaho began. "Not a word from them." Masaki looked up at  
Funaho with tears in her eyes. She was shivering from her fear. Something must've  
happened, or they would've been able to contact Washu. Funaho thought about all the  
possibilities that could've happened which involved Tsunami being in the clutches of  
Kagato. But, every scenario mentioned Death. Funaho began to cry as she looked at her  
equal. "Masaki, I'm afraid." Masaki was now even more scared then ever before.  Never  
in her life has she heard Funaho say she was scared. Never. And this thought made her  
tremble even more.

	It had been three hours before Ryo-Oki arrived, but it was a sight for sore eyes.  
Sasami had awoken prior to the Cabbits arrival and was feeling a little better. But still,  
one thought roamed throughout her head. She was no longer Tsunami. They were  
separate now, and this scared her. For many years, she had thought that she was just a  
clone of Sasami, that the real Sasami died during the attack on Jurai by Ryoko. For years,  
she believed that she was just a replacement. She began to cry as she wondered what was  
to become of her life. If Tsunami is gone, the Princess thought, then what is to become of  
me. She looked up at the sky, searching for an answer, and found only one. Kagato.  
Kagato went too far. He violated Sasami, taking away something that was very precious  
to her, her soul. She swore vengeance on the monster. Claiming that justice will be  
served. But right now, she just wanted to go home with everybody and forget about it.  
She wanted to Cook again. She wanted to watch MolDiver with Mihoshi again. But, it  
would have to wait. Right now, they needed to defeat Kagato once and for all. Ryo-Oki  
Let out a large Mya as it Transported Tenchi, Ryoko, and Sasami aboard her bridge.  
Ryoko ran towards her command chair and plopped down with a sigh of relief. She was  
exhausted from her earlier flight and was hoping to get some sleep on their Trip after  
Kagato. She looked over at Tenchi. "Where to Tenchi," Asked Ryoko? Tenchi gave it a  
thought as he sat down on the cold steel of Ryo-Oki's Bridge. He had no Idea where  
Kagato had gone. Suddenly, Sasami spoke out.
	"Kagato is heading for the Arcadian Nebula." Sasami said. "That's where we go."  
Tenchi and Ryoko looked at Sasami with a surprised look on their faces. Tenchi spoke  
up.
	"How do you know that, Sasami?" He asked. Sasami stood there for a while  
before talking.
	"I can feel Tsunami's energy in that direction." The little Princess began. "It's  
smaller then normal, but it is definently in that direction." Ryoko smiled with a look of  
adventure on her face. She turned to the main view screen. 		
"You heard the Princess, Ryo-Oki." The pirate yelled. Ryo-Oki called back with  
several Myas. "Alright, then lets go, full speed." And with that, Ryo-Oki was on her way  
to Kagato, Carrying the Universe's only hope.

	Ayeka began to walk back and for, impatiently through the Yagami's bridge.  
They have been stuck in subspace for the last couple Hours and the Princess was about to  
go over the Edge. "Washu! I'm really getting Impatient.  Haven't you gotten us out of  
Subspace yet!?"  Yelled a very Irritated Ayeka. She began to Tap her foot, as if to make  
time go faster.
	"Hey, subspace is a very fragile thing." Washu yelled. She stood up from her  
work and walked over to the Princess. "How would you like it if I just ripped a hole  
threw you, huh, because it would have the Same Consequences in subspace as it would  
with you!" Mihoshi looked over at from her seat at the two passengers with an excited  
look on her face.
	"Oh wow Washu," The Blonde haired Detective began. "You mean if we put a  
hole through Ayeka, we could escape subspace?" The entire crew facefaulted to this  
remark. Kyone got up from the floor and got back in her chair. She Grabbed Mihoshi's  
Collar and began to shake her uncontrollably.
	"You are Such an Airhead." Kyone yelled. As she was yelling at Mihoshi, Ayeka  
continued her ranting at Washu.  
	"Washu, I demand you get us out of here this instant!" The Princess yelled.  
Washu had a smile on her face as if she thought of something very amusing.
	"Fine then." The Genius said and with that, Washu's hollo Top appeared out of no  
were and Ayeka turned into a water sprite with a flip of Washu's wrist. Washu stood up  
and put her hands on her hips as she began to laugh uncontrollably. "Now then," She  
looked at the other girls. "What did we learn?" Kyone sat up from her seat and faced  
Washu, sweat dripping from her forehead.
	"Never piss of Washu." came a frightened Kyone. Washu smiled a brighter smile.
	"Very good."

	Tenchi sat in a corner of Ryo-Oki. He was afraid of what might happen in the  
near Future. Kagato was too strong, Tenchi knew this. But what really worried him was  
the fact that Kagato had Tsunami. And with Tsunami's power, they might have to bend  
over and kiss their butts' goodbye. Tenchi decided what to do. He slowly stood up and  
walked over to where Ryoko was talking to Sasami. "Ryoko," Tenchi called. Ryoko  
stopped talking to Sasami to look at Tenchi. Tenchi took a deep breath. "When we face  
Kagato, we need all the power we can get so, I'm giving back all of your gems." Ryoko  
literally began to beam with joy as Tenchi said this. A small tear welled up in her eye.
	"Tenchi, Do you mean it." The Space pirate asked. Tenchi noticed that she looked  
very, very cute when she was happy. He almost couldn't stay standing. It was like  
Kryptonite to Superman. (I don't Own Superman)
	"Yes Ryoko." Tenchi said. Ryoko was now almost ecstatic. She jumped out of her  
seat and wrapped her arms around Tenchi like a Boa Constrictor would to their pray.
	"I'm so happy." The Pirate said. Tenchi was turning red from lose of air and his  
shyness.  "I was more expecting a ring but it will do." Tenchi immediately face faulted.  
What did she just say, Tenchi thought. Suddenly, he had a burst of adrenaline and he  
pushed her away gently. He looked at Ryoko.
	"What do you mean?" he asked, slightly studdering over his words.  
	"I mean, our engagement." Ryoko said. Tenchi immediately facefaulted and  
screamed at the top of his lungs.
	"WHAT!?" He yelled. Ryoko looked at Tenchi, Coyly. Sasami hugged Ryoko  
with a very happy expression on her face.
	"Wow Ryoko," The Princess began. "You and Tenchi are getting married."  
Tenchi tried to stand, but he couldn't, blood rushed from his nose. He finally managed to  
control himself and stood up with a piece of tissue stuck up his nose.
	"No it doesn't mean that." Tenchi yelled. Ryoko and Sasami looked back at  
Tenchi. "Ryoko, I just want us to have an extra advantage against Kagato!" Sasami let go  
of Ryoko as Ryoko walked over to face Tenchi.
	"What ever you say Tenchi." Ryoko winked at Tenchi. Tenchi almost had another  
nosebleed, but he was in control now.
	"Come on and stand still."  Tenchi pointed sword Tenchi's Hilt at Ryoko and  
closed his eyes.  As the transfer took place, something was bugging Tenchi. A fraise that  
just kept going through his mind. A single sentence. "Tenchi Masaki.  Your greatest  
power isn't in a sword or even a Wing.  It is your heart.  Ryoko knows this.  She wants to  
be with you for your heart.  Your greatest power is Ryokos love.  If you love Ryoko, then  
you both will be unstoppable.  It is the power of love, Tenchi.  Use it well." the words his  
mother spoke to him.  He knew what they meant but Tenchi was embarrassed.  What  
would Ayeka do if he spoke his true feelings to Ryoko?  It would probably break her  
heart.  He spoke the words before; he would rather die then forsake any one of the girls.  
Tenchi looked at Ryoko.  She had a great smile on her face.  He then looked at Sasami.   
She was smiling to. Tenchi decided what to do.  He needed to talk to Sasami. "Sasami,  
can I talk to you for a minute in private?" Tenchi asked. Sasami nodded as they both  
walked over to the far corner of the ship. "Sasami," Tenchi began. "What do you think  
Ayeka would do if I said I loved Ryoko?" it didn't take long befor Sasami had an answer  
for the Juraian Prince.
	"Tenchi." She began. "Ayeka loves you for who you are.  If you confessed your  
love to Ryoko, she would understand that it was your choice.  It would be Tenchi  
Masaki's Decision.  She has to respect that." Tenchi looked reassured. He felt better. He  
put his hand on Sasami's head and messed with her hair.
	"Sasami, for a little kid, you're very wise." Tenchi said. Sasami blushed a little as  
she replied.
	"Thank you Tenchi." And then the two went back to their seats.

	Tsunami awoke from her deep sleep.  She had know Idea were she was.  She was  
confined.  Confined in a large glass structure.  Tsunami wanted out and she wanted to  
find Sasami. She began to struggle as hard as she could, but it failed. Suddenly, a sinister  
voice shot through the glass like a bullet. "Your awake I see." The voice said. Tsunami  
couldn't see whom the voice belonged to. But she knew who he was.  Kagato.  The man  
who had been seeking her for hundreds of years had finally caught her.  But why, she  
didn't know.  She tried to speak, but it was hard to do, all that came out were rasps.  "I  
see you can't speak.  I figured that.  You haven't spoken a real word in your existence,  
haven't you?" Kagato looked at the Goddess with a very broad smile. "I know what you  
want.  You want Sasami.  I stranded her in the middle of a dead planet with your Chosen  
Warrior, Tenchi. They won't be posing a problem to me ever again.  As for Princess  
Ayeka and the rest of their marry crew, they've become a cloud of Vapor.  I won  
Tsunami, and if you want any of your pathetic Duration Empire to survive, then you will  
do as I say." Tsunami was beat. There was nothing she could do.  She hung her head in  
shame.  It was over and she knew what Kagato really wanted.  She'd known for a long  
time.  He wanted the Treasure of Jurai.  The fabled absolute power.  And she was the Key.

To Be Continued...

Next Episode: The Sacred Key of Jurai

Sent comments to Nexodus@msn.com
