I don't own Tenchi. Pioneer does.  
Last Time, Kagato returned and Seperated Sasami and Tsunami to try to take over Jurai.



Tenchi Muyo
Dreams Within Dreams
Episode 2
The Sacred Key of Jurai
By Nexodus


"For the woman - the kiss, for the man - the sword."  
			Top Hat


	"I did it!" A loud cry of success filled the Yagami. Immediately, all of the crew  
members ran to the cause of the Cry. The girls found Washu in the large Cargo bay of the  
Yagami, dirt covered her Science Academy Uniform as she stood triumphant. Kyone was  
the first to ask the question.
	"You managed to get us free Washu?" Asked Kyone. She was very excited, she  
had been trapped in the Yagami for the last day and wanted to get away from Mihoshi  
and Ayeka as fast as possible. Washu looked at Kyone with a large grin.
	"Nope." Was all she said. The girls instantly facefaulted. Washu continued. "But I  
did get an outside link to the Universe.  Now we can watch TV and find out what's been  
going on." The girls were happy. Very happy.  
	"That's great but we still have to get out of here."  Said Ayeka.  Washu must've  
allowed Her to stay in her Humanoid form on good behavior.  (Also known as speaking  
the Magic words in water spriteese, Little Washu.)  
	"Yeah, really Washu." Kyone said. Washu got in Ayekas and Kyones faces.
	"Hold your horses," The small genius yelled. The girls immediately pipped down.  
"I got a link didn't I.  All I have to do is stretch the hole and we're free." Washu put her  
hand on her hipps as she let out her Triumphant Laugh.  
	"Yay!" The other girls said in unison. Washu stopped Laughing to look at the  
Girls.
	"But that will take at least another 5 hours." She said.
	"Ah."  Came a sad cry from the other girls. Katsuhito had just arrived at the scene,  
yet he knew what was going on. He moved to a command consule and started to press  
some buttons.
	"Well then," He said. "We might as well find out what's going on in the universe.  
Maybe something happened."  Katsuhito turned Yagami's main screen on to find the  
news. Immediately, they where informed of some bad news.
	"Its hour five and still no word from the Council."  Said the TV.  "To anybody  
who have just tuned in.  It's been 5 hours since Kagato, One of the most wanted criminals  
in the universe, Issued a statement stating that if he does not have control of all Juraian  
imperial planets, then he will activate the self-destruct devises of every Tree on Jurai."  
	"WHAT!?"  Yelled Ayeka. "How could this've happened. I don't believe it." The  
group continued to listen to the reporter.
	"He said that he has in his current possession, Tsunami Unit, and will use it if he  
needs to." This explains everything, Washu thought. That's why he kidnapped Sasami,  
but why does he want Jurai. It dosent make sence. All Washu knew was that Kagato  
didn't have Sasami or Tenchi because the reporter wouldve said it. this whole situation  
began to frighten Washu even more. And the fact that Washu was scared, frightened her  
even more then she thought possible.

	Tenchi, Sasami, and Ryoko couldn't believe what they just heard on the screen.  
"So that's what Kagato's going to do with Tsunami," said Ryoko. Tenchi seconded her.
	"I makes sense.  That bastard would want absolute power." Tenchi Remarked.  
Sasami just couldn't make it all up. She just couldn't believe that all kagato wanted was  
power. There had to be a greater reason then just absolute power. Sasami decided to  
speak up.
	"No, it doesn't make sense." The Princess said. Tenchi and Ryoko looked over at  
Sasami. "Kagato doesn't want Jurai's Empire.  He doesn't care for power through  
politics.  He believes that Physical and Mental Power is the greatest power."  
	"Then, why does he want Jurai?" Asked a puzzled Tenchi. Sasami hung her head  
low.
	"I don't know." Was all she could say. Ryoko sat back in her chair.
	"Well, until that count down is over, we can't risk flying after Soja."  Stated  
Ryoko. Tenchi looked at Ryoko
	"But Ryoko, we have to." He said. "If we don't, then something very bad is going  
to happen." Ryoko sighed as she looked at Tenchi.
	"It wouldn't work." The Pirate said. "Kagato said he would shoot down any and  
all ships. Even if they were outside transporting range. And believe me, he can." Tenchi  
slumped down on the floor. Helpless. He had never felt this helpless befor in his life.
	"So there's nothing we can do." Tenchi said. There was a moment of silence as  
they tried to think up something. There had to be something they could do. Ryoko rested  
her head on her forearms as she layback.
	"I didn't say that." Ryoko said. This immediately got Tenchi and Sasami's  
attention. Ryoko continued. "We need Washu if we want to get on board." For the first  
time since they got on Ryo-Oki, Sasami wondered what happened to the others. She had  
no idea where they were. Tenchi and Ryoko never said anything about them.  
	"Where is Washu?" asked Sasami. Ryoko looked out the main view screen.  
	"She's out there somewhere." The space pirate said. "I'll send her a message  
through our link, don't worry.  Until she finds us, I suggest we find a good place to wait.   
We can get some food, too." Suddenly, the moral of the ship perked up.
	"All Right! I'm starving," Exclaimed a very excited Sasami. Tenchi stood up with  
new determination in his body.
	"Where to then Ryoko?" Tenchi said. Ryoko looked at Tenchi with a smile on her  
face.
	"I know of a nice little hotel in this very nebula." Ryoko said. "They got great  
food and we can get some rest." Tenchi was very excited now. They could finally get  
some rest, and they could come up with a plan.
	"Then what are we waiting for," stated Tenchi. "Lets go Ryo-Oki." And with that,  
The mighty Cabbit Myaed a couple of times and they where off.

	Washu was slowly working with the tools she had. Normally, this wouldn't take a  
minute, but because of the situation they where in, it took longer then they thought.  
"Almost there, got it."  A giant hole opened up in subspace. The crew of the Yagami  
excitedly jumped for joy. Washu did it.  Now as soon as Kagato's beat, she can return to  
her favorite pastime.  You guest it, Complete idolizing herself.   
	"Then lets go." Ayeka yelled. "The sooner we're out, the sooner we can save lord  
Tenchi." Kyone felt the same way Ayeka did. They could finally leave.
	"All right," Kyone yelled. "Full speed to maximum, lets go!" And with that,  
Kyone piloted the Yagami out of Subspace.  Freedom, Kyone thought.  She never  
thought that she would miss outer space so much. Washu suddenly was hit by a telepathic  
message from her daughter. As she listened, she knew that there would be trouble. She  
didn't want to cause anything, but she had no choice in the matter.
	"Guys." Washu began. "I also got a message from Ryoko." She stopped to take a  
deep breath. "She says that she has Tenchi and Sasami and has found a meeting place for  
us.  She's in the Arcadian Nebula at the "Cabbits Eye".  It's supposed to be a really classy  
Hotel and Restaurant." Suddenly, Ayeka's eyes buldged and her face turned blood red.  
She knew what was going on.  
	"Oh," Ayeka began, trying to control her temper. "So Ryoko's thinking with class  
now." She quickly turned to Kyone. "Kyone Full Speed!!" Kyone had no Idea what  
Ayeka was going on about. All she wanted was take a nice hot bath at a Hotel. She  
decided to ask what was wrong.
	"What's wrong Ayeka?" Kyone asked. Ayeka began to get madder.
	"Ryoko is with Tenchi ALONE!!  Who Knows What That Devil Women Will Do  
to Him." Kyone's eyes buldged just like Ayeka's did. Now she knew what was wrong.
	"What!?" Yelled Kyone. "Mihoshi, give me full throttle!" Mihoshi tried to work  
the controls but was having problems.
	"I cant Kyone, I'm giving her all she's got!"

Tenchi ate silently as Sasami and Ryoko talked to each other. It was a very  
peiceful setting, Tenchi thought. For as long as he could remember, he could never get to  
have a decent, quiet meal unless he was at school, and even then, it was hard. Tenchi,  
Ryoko and Sasami where able to get new clothes since Tenchi's and Sasami's where all  
dirty from earlier. Ryoko just had to phase into her outfit while Sasami paid for their's.  
Ryoko noticed that Tenchi wasn't talking so she decided to make conversation. "This is  
great, isn't it Tenchi." Ryoko said with a smile. Tenchi snapped back into reality and  
smiled back at Ryoko.
	"Yeah, I can't remember when I last had a real meal." Tenchi said. Ryoko smiled  
at Tenchi even more. She was now hypnotised by how handsome he was. Suddenly, a  
voice from behind her brought her back to reality as well.
	"And how will the you be paying." It was their waiter. A rather snooty man with  
pointy ears and long blue hair.  
	"Put it on the Hotel Bill," Ryoko said. "I'll pay it as soon as my friend gets here."  
Tenchi wondered what she was talking about. He knew she was going to do something,  
and he had to stop her.
	"Ryoko, who are you talking about?" Tenchi asked. Ryoko Looked back at  
Tenchi with a super smile. (Man, whats with all the smiles)
"Why, my good friend," Ryoko began. Tenchi and Sasami stopped eating to look  
at her, waiting for her to continue. "Ayeka's Wallet." Tenchi and Sasami had to grab hold  
of the table to prevent them from face faulting.  
	"I should've known." Tenchi said. Ryoko raised an eyebrow to what Tenchi just  
said.
	"Known what Tenchi?'' Ryoko asked.  
	"Um.... Nothing, lets eat."  Tenchi was finally enjoying himself.  He was finally in  
a civilized area with good food.  For the last couple days, he's been eating carrots.   
Apparently that's all the Cargo Ryo-Oki carries in Ship mode.  Right now Ryo-Oki's in  
her rare Human form.  But it doesn't matter the form; she'll always eat Carrots.  To  
Tenchi, this one moment was perfect, he was with the person he loved and she wasn't  
blowing up stuff.  Unfortunately, Tenchi just doesn't have enough nerves to express his  
feelings.  He's tried at least five times. All is resulting in the same thing.  A nosebleed  
and a Concussion caused by the impact of his head due to fainting.   
	Ryoko knew what Tenchi was thinking.  She knew his feelings for her already.  
She figured it out around the first Nosebleed/Concussion.  She just wants closier, That's  
all.  She figured she could play around with Tenchi some more.  Something she inherited  
from her Mother. It wasn't long befor the group was finished and they headed to their  
room through the courtyard.
	"That was great." Tenchi said patting his stomach. Sasami agreed.
	"Yeah, thanks Ryoko for bringing us here." Sasami said. A high pitched Mya  
came from behind them as Ryo-Oki folowed them. Ryoko Laughed at her baby sister, as  
she followed.
	"Sure thing." The pirate said. "Anytime.  I really know that Tenchi wants to thank  
me personally.  I'll be expecting it." Tenchi's face immediately turned red as blood  
poared from his nose and sweat dripped from his forhead.
	"Oh Man." Tenchi began. He tried to think of some way to change the subject, but  
he couldn't think of anything. He stamering around, and then he saw his subject change  
in the air. "HAY, WHATS THAT!?" Tenchi yelled as he pointed at the sky. Sasami,  
Ryo-Oki, and Ryoko looked at the sky in time to see a familiar ship speeding right  
towards them. Immediately, Ryoko took action.
	"Get Down!" Yelled Ryoko.  That's all it took as Tenchi and the Girls dove for  
cover. The Yagami collided right into the ground at full speed, leaving a huge crater for  
all to see. When the dust cleared,  Tenchi looked at the Crashed Yagami as the main  
hatch opened and out jumped a group of very angry Women.  
	"Ryoko," Ayeka yelled as she made her way down the ramp. "What have you  
done to MY TENCHI!"  
"Hey wait a minute." Yelled Mihoshi." Since when is he Your Tenchi!"
	"That's Right." Seconded Kyone.
	"Well you know. I mean uh well." Ayeka tried to explain everything, but it  
wouldn't work this time.
	"That's it, I'm tired of not getting involved.  Damnit Tenchi is mine."  Yelled a  
very angry Kyone.  Ryoko was loving this, but has to get involved. Its Tenchi they're  
talking about. As the Four girls began to bicker and argue, Tenchi was relieved he wasn't  
in the middle of this one.

	Tsunami awoke to what was probably the sound of drums, but it was just her  
head.  She looked at her surroundings.  Gone was the throne room/bridge.  She also  
wasn't in the giant hourglass anymore.  She was now in a large round room.  But she was  
still trapped.  She was in an even more confining tube.  The tube is attached to some  
heavy machinery. She looked over to her left and found Kagato in the room. With him  
was a dark-haired woman with black eyes. Tsunami had no idea who that was. She had  
never met her before.
	"You really should stop fighting like that." Kagato said. "It's beginning to get on  
my nerves." Tsunami paid more attention to Kagato, as if it was the only thing in the  
room. She tried to speak for the first time in a long time.
	"Ka..Ga..To," Tsunami spoke. Kagato walked closer to the tube.		
	"I see." He began. "Still trying to talk.  At least you're improving.  I'm sure you  
want to know were you are now and what you're hooked up to." Tsunami nodded her  
head.  "I'll go ahead and tell you.  It's an antenna.  I'm going to use you as a targeting  
mechanism.  You can control all of jurai's trees." Kagato stopped and pointed to a far  
wall. Tsunami saw numbers tiking down in numerical order. Kagato continued his  
explanation. "On that wall to your left is a count down. If Jurai doesn't submit to my  
demands, I will use an electrical field to jumpstart that brain of yours causing you to send  
a self-destruct command to all of jurai's trees. You have 86 hours to live, I suggest you  
pray to a greater god Tsunami, because when that timer runs out, it's the end of Jurai and  
The Entire Universe!"

	The gang was now situated in their hotel room. All the girls have calmed down  
since Ryoko didn't do anything to Tenchi. Kyone was the first to speak. "Ok, so we're all  
in agreement that we can't just go head to head with Kagato," Kyone began." But we still  
need to find a way to get on his ship." Ayeka stood up to speak.
	"I suggest we send a message to Father, telling him of our situation," said Ayeka.  
Kyone looked down at the floor.
	"That would be nice," The Detective began. "But he's probably to busy to listen to  
you, He's to busy dealing with Kagato." Ayeka began to get impaciant, moveing back  
and forth through out the room. Everybody just sat there and watched the princess. They  
also positioned themselves so that if she blew a fuse, they could get the hell out of there.  
But instead, she just sat down and crossed her arms. Everybody let out a sigh of relief.  
Ayeka looked around the room.		
	"Then what should we do then," Ayeka asked. She looked over at her rival.  
"Ryoko?"
	"Hey, I'm not the brains of this outfit," Ryoko shot back. "Washu is. You tell her  
Washu." Washu jumped up and put her hands on her hips.
	"Your absolutely right Ryoko," Washu said. "Anyway, we should at least contact  
lady Funaho and tell her we're all right.  I'll get to work on a subspace transceiver."  
Ryoko nodded.
	"Good idea, Washu," Ryoko said. She looked over at Tenchi.."What do you think  
we should do Tenchi?" Tenchi folded his arms infront of his chest.  
	"Well," Tenchi began. "I think we should just wait.  Something is going to happen  
soon.  The universe is to calm." Kyone agreed
	"Its like they say," Kyone began, "The calm before the storm." Ryoko instantly  
got a great idea.
	"Well, if its calm," Ryoko began. "Then I think we should relax." Ryoko grabbed  
Tenchi's arm. "Come on Tenchi, let's go take a bath." Ayeka immediately shot up and  
ran over to Ryoko and Tenchi.
	"WHAT!?" Ayeka began. She managed to get her self in between Tenchi and  
Ryoko. "Ryoko, you get away from him." Ryoko stuck her Tungue out at the Princess.
	"Hey Tenchi wants to go, right Tenchi?" Ryoko said. Tenchi began to Sweat  
uncontrolably.
	"Well um uh." Tenchi couldn't Talk at all. I need to get out of here before its  
ground Zero all over again, Tenchi thought. Ayeka continued to yell at Ryoko.		
	"I'm sure Tenchi would rather be with me the with a ugly monster women like  
you Ryoko!" That was the straw that broke the Camels back. It wasn't Ryoko who was  
pissed, it was Tenchi.
	"Hey, Ayeka, Don't call Ryoko Names," Snapped Tenchi." She's just playing  
around." The entire room was in shock. Tenchi had never yelled at any of the girls like  
that before. Ayeka was speechless.
	"But lord Tenchi, I" Ayeka stambered over every word.  
	"NO BUTS!" Tenchi snapped even more. "Apologize this instant." Ayeka tried to  
continue.
	"But lord Ten"
	"NO BUTS!" Tenchi repeated himself. Ayeka looked at the floor, a defeated  
princess. She turned to Ryoko, who had a shit eating grin on her face. Ayeka knew that  
this was by far the hardest thing she ever had to do in her life.
	"Oh all right, I'm Sor...ehem...I'm Sorr...y" Ayeka finally let it out. Ryoko was  
almost giddy from what she had just seen.
	"Apology accepted." The space pirate said. Tenchi then turned to Ryoko.
	"As for you Ryoko," Tenchi began. "I'd love to take a bath with you, just not  
now." Tenchi immediately froze. He couldn't believe what he just said, out loud.
	"WHAT!!!!???!!??" Yelled all the girls in unison. Tenchi began to blush more  
then he ever had in his entire life.
	"Tenchi?" came a confused, but bashful Ryoko. Ayeka ran to grab Tenchi by the  
sholders.
	"What did you say lord Tenchi?" Ayeka asked, allmost frantic. Tenchi knew he  
was in trouble.
	"I said.......uh.......um......Gotta go. BYE." Tenchi quickly with the speed of a  
rocket dashed out of the room threw the lobby of the hotel and Hide behind the potted  
plant.  Oh man, tenchi thought, I almost lost it.  I can't believe I said that out loud.  I gotta  
be more careful.  I'm glad Dad isn't here.  He'd give me the biggest talk about being a  
man I ever heard from him.

Kagato sat on his throne, like he always did. He was watching planet Jurai, with  
an evil smile. But he was getting impaciant. Jurai hadnt talked to him in hours and he  
needed to do something to kill time. He noticed that D wasn't doing anything so he  
decided to make planet Jurai a little more interesting. "D, I have an Errand for you to do."  
Kagato said. D's attention turned to Kagato.
"Yes master Kagato," The Biosynthetic android began. "I'm here to serve."  
Kagatao was grinning devilishly as he thought of a way to have some fun.
"I want you to go to a small city on Jurai." He began. "It doesn't matter which; it  
just has to be small.  When you get there, I want you to have fun.  You know what I  
mean." D nodded, knowing full well what Kagato wanted her to do. It also frightened D.  
She hated doing this, but she wanted her father back. It was the only way. Reluctantly, D  
spoke.
"Yes master Kagato." And she turned and headed to the main hanger.
"Oh and D," Kagato called out. "Make sure that when you get back, that you wipe  
your feet.  I don't want blood on the bridge."

"Tenchi, were are you, Tenchi."  Ryoko couldn't find Tenchi anywhere.  She  
wanted to talk to him in private about what he said earlier.  She couldn't stand it  
anymore.  She knew what he thought of her.  She just didn't want him to hide it any  
more.  Why doesn't Tenchi just say it, Ryoko thought, I mean. He loves me, I know that,  
but the fact that he hasn't said it is tearing me apart.  Maybe it's the other girls.  Maybe,  
he doesn't want to hurt them.  That could be it. I've known Tenchi for along time and if  
there's one thing I know about him. It's the fact that he hates to hurt people. Even his  
enemies.  Oh Tenchi.  I need to get him alone.

D arrived at her destination.  She landed on the roof of one of the larger buildings.   
Her master told her to play, and play she would.  She looked at the inhabitants, D liked to  
be around people, but she had to follow orders.  D opened her right hand and light began  
to emanate from it. I am a servant of Kagato, D Thought.  I must do this.  And then D  
rose from her perch and began to Fire at the city.  It started with one fire, and then it  
multiplied.  Soon the city was engulfed in flames.  D could hear the cries of the civilians.   
But for the first time in her life, D felt sympathy.  She was doing something wrong.  Her  
master said it was right.  It if it was right, why was she crying.  D then lowered her hand  
and flew away.  She decided to fly back to Soja so she could think about her actions.   
There is something wrong she thought, and made her way to what she called home.

Asuza was tired.  It had been 35 hours of hell and they still have 65 Hours left.  A  
madman threatened his Whole planet.  I have to do something, Asuza thought.  I can't let  
that bastard just hang up there.  He already went too far when he kidnapped my Sasami.   
Now, he's vaporized a city.  Bastard. Asuza lost his train of thought when a messenger  
appeared. "My lord." The Messanger said. This got Asuza's attention.
"What is it?" the emperor asked.  
"The hunter you wished to see is here." The messanger said. Asuza's mood  
suddenly perked up. This will help, he thought. The messanger continued to stand there  
as Asuza impatiantly stared at him.
"What are you waiting for, bring him in." Asuza said. The messanger immediately  
sprang to the door to let the hunter in. Asuza couldn't wait to meet this hunter.  Hunters  
are specially trained fighters under command of the empire.  They are swift and deadly.   
This particular hunter he called for is the best of the best.  Asuza watched as the door to  
the throne room opened, and out stepped the Hunter.  He was about 6 foot with blonde  
hair.  A former member of the Science Academy, he was skilled in the art of Knowledge.   
His name was Martel Shan, and was considered the best of the best of the best.  The  
hunter started to walk down the aisle toward the King of Jurai.
"You called, my lord." Martel said. Asuza sat back in his throne and callmed  
down.
"I just received word from my wives that my daughters, Ayeka and Sasami, are  
safe and are in the Arcadina Nebula, at a hotel called the Cabbits Eye." Asuza said.  
Martel immediately lowered his head, so that the Emperor would not see his face. He was  
blushing. Martel had known Ayeka for many years, yet she didn't know him. He had  
guarded her befor on many occations and had developed a fondness for the Princess. He  
was excited to finally get to acctually talk with her. You could say he had a crush on her.  
Asuza continued. "I want you to go there and protect my Daughters." Martel looked up at  
the Emporer.
"Is there any danger?" Martel asked. The Emporer shook his head.
"Not yet." Asuza began. "Kagato thinks their dead, they told me them selves.  I  
want you to keep them away from Jurai.  At least until this mess is over." Martel stood up  
and nodded his head.  
"Very well." The Hunter said.  Martel turned and walked out of the throne room.  
Little did he know that this asignment would change his whole perseption of life forever.

	Kyone lay down on one of the hotel beds with her head dangleing from the edge.  
It had been a while since they decided to wait, but right now the Detective would rather  
be on patrol then couped up in a small room. "This is so boring," Kyone said. Washu  
looked over at Kyone with an iretated look on her face.
"Well I'm sorry if this is boring you Kyone, but we just have to wait." Washu  
began. "Besides, I just got word from lady Funaho.  They are sending a Royal Hunter to  
be a body guard." This cought everbodys attention. Sasami looked questioningly at  
Washu.
"What for?" asked Sasami. Washu folded her arms while she sat down in the hotel  
pappazone.  
"My guess," The Scientist began. "Is that they know we're going to fight Kagato  
and they want us to stay out of the way, or atleast Ayeka and Sasami." Mihoshi looked  
aroun the room.
"Were is Ayeka anyway?" Mihoshi asked. Suddenly, the door to the room opened  
and Tenchi ran into the room, slamming and baracading the door with anything he could  
find.
"Tenchi, Whats wrong?" Kyone asked. Tenchi wipped the sweat from his brow.
"I got away as soon as I could." Was all he said. "Ayeka and Ryoko were just  
about to start their normal fight"
"When was that," Washu asked. Tenchi looked at his watch.
"about 5 minutes ago." He said.  
"OK."  Washu looked at her crab watch, and began to count down. "5..4..3..2..1.  
Brace for impact."  All of a sudden, there was an explosion in the background and then a  
rumble. Then, it was over. They gang relaxed into their old positions.
"I'm not going to pay for that," said a thankful tenchi.

	Why, D Thought. Why does lord Kagato want to do these things? I don't  
understand his logic.  Maybe I should ask him why.  D flew to the Soja and entered threw  
a large airlock and made her way to the Throne room. "Back so soon, D" Kagato said.  
"Yes." D said as she look at her master.
"And the city?" Kagato asked.
"Gone." Was all she said.
"Good." And with that, Kagato continued to moniter the planet below them. D  
looked at the ground for a minute before she spoke.  
"Master, why must we kill?" D asked, with a sad look on her face.
"Come here, child." Kagato said. D walked over to were Kagato was sitting.  She  
looked up just in time to see the back of her master's hand colliding with her cheek.  
"Don't you ever ask such stupid questions again, you got that!" D fell to the ground and  
clutched her cheek. Even if she was super strong, she could not have with standed that  
blow. She look at her master, tears streaming from her black eyes.
	"Please master, I want to know." The android cried out.
	"Forget it," Kagato began. He was in a very adgitated mood now. "you're not  
worthy of being in my presence!  Go to your quarters, this instant." D looked to the  
ground, defeated.  
"Yes, master Kagato."  D began to walk towards her room.  She looked at herself  
in the mirror she kept and was surprised.  Tears.  She was an Android and she was  
shedding tears.  This didn't make sense to her.  She wanted to leave, but she couldn't.  I  
am a servant of my master, Kagato, she thought.  I am obeying the will of my father.  
Kagato watched D's every move in her room thanks to surveillance Camera he had  
installed.  She is Defective, Kagato thought.  She's going against her programming.   
Damnit.  I should've told the professor not to install the Artificial Intelligence.  I'll just  
have to remove it soon.  Then, I'll have my D back.  My ruthless killer back.

	Martel Sham stood outside the hotel. So this is the Cabbits eye, Martel Thought.   
What a dump, the princesses deserve better.  All well, orders are orders.  Martel walked  
into the hotel and went to the counter. The manager was checking the accounts of his  
guests when a unexpected guest appeared in the door frame.
	"How can I help you." The manager asked befor he could get a good look at the  
man. Martel pulled out a PhotoHolographic Picture of the Princesses.
	"Have you seen these girls?" Martel Asked. The Manager rolled an eyebrow at the  
man befor him.
	"Are you some sort of stalker." The Manager asked. "I can't afford to tell you.  
Pervert." Martel got pissed. He grabbed the Manager by his shirt and rammed him into  
the wall.
"If you don't tell me right now," The Hunter began. "I'll make you look like you  
were the victim of a Tragic Terrafarming accident.  GOT IT!" the Manager reached into  
his pocket and pulled out a key.
"Room 23 be, to you left." The manager said. Martel let go of the Manager and  
grabbed the key. He made his way twords the left courtyard, but he decided to turn  
around.
	"Thank you. Have a nice day." Martel said. The Manager face faulted instantly.

	The gang was working on their plan when they heard a knock at the door. Sasami  
got up and ran to the door. "I'll get it." Sasami said. As she opened the door, she was met  
by a man that was slightly taller then Tenchi. He had long yet slightly curly yellow hair  
and carried a large battle sword on his back. He wore a Juraian Uniform that Sasami had  
never seen before. "Hello?  Who are you?" The Princess said. The man bowed down  
instantly.
	"At last, I've found you Princess Sasami," The Man said. Sasami had no idea what  
was going on. The gang crowded around the door to see who this newcommer was. "I'm  
your bodyguard," The Man continued. "Hunter Martel Shan." Sasami smiled and turned  
around.
	"Hey, everybody, the bodyguards here." She turned back to see Martel. "We've  
been waiting for you."
	"Yeah, now we can get to work on the plan," said Washu. Martel looked  
dumbfounded. Martel looked at Princess Ayeka, asleep on the Couch.  "What happened  
to Princess Ayeka. And while we're at it, What is this plan and who in the blue hell are all  
you other people.  I was told I was to protect the Princesses from any Danger.  What the  
hell is going on?"  
	"It's a long story." Tenchi Said. Martel shot an angry look at Tenchi.
	"Who the Hell are you?" Martel asked as he pointed at Tenchi. Kyone spoke up.
	"I'd watch your mouth, Martel" Kyone said. "He is the Crown Prince of Jurai."  
Martel looked dumbfounded.  
	"WHAT!?" Martel yelled. "You mean to tell me that he is the next in line for the  
throne.  I crapped Turds that are tougher then this guy." Ryoko immediately got in  
Martel's face.
	"DONT YOU EVER COMPARE TENCHI TO A TURD!!!" Ryoko yelled. She  
looked over at Tenchi. "Tenchi, can I vaporize him?" Tenchi shook his head.
	"No Ryoko." Tenchi said. "We need him if we're to get into the Soja." Ryoko  
looked disapointed. Martel ran over to Tenchi.
	"Hold on for a minute, Your Royal Lowness," Martel shouted. "I'm to keep you  
guys here, end of story." Washu, during the commotion, managed to get a hair of Martel's  
and scanned it through her holotop.  Martel noticed this and got in her business.  "Who  
the hell is she?" Washu just stared at the Monitor. Totally ignoring Martel. She had just  
discovered something she never thought she would see again.
	"Watch it Martel," Washu began. Tears where beginning to well up in her eyes.  
"Don't you dare speak to your Mother like that." Martel instantly froze along with the  
rest of the room. Ryoko went over to her mother.
	"What are you talking about, Washu." Ryoko began "I'm your only child." Washu  
shook her head.			
"No." Washu began. "Remember the story I told when Taro was visiting, How I  
said I had a Son." She pointed to Martel. "It's him.  I just found out." Martel sat down.
	"Mom?" Martel said, "The last thing I can remember about my Mom was that she  
had long red hair." Ryoko stood open jawed.
	"I don't believe it," Ryoko said, "I have a brother."  
	"Congratulations, Ryoko." Sasami said. Martel walked slowly to the door.
	"I didn't expect this," Martel began."I need to think about this, I'm going to the  
bar."

	"Pour me another one."  Martel said.  He couldn't get over it.  He thought that this  
was going to be a normal bodyguard mission.  He never expected to find his long lost  
family.  This was weird. A voice came from behind him.
	"Can I sit here."  Martel looked at the source of the voice. It was Washu. "I'm  
sorry if I just blurted it out.  I was so happy." Martel felt the end of his long pony tail.
	"Why did you pull my hair out?" he asked. Washu smiled, lovingly.
	"Its something I do." She began. "Every time I meet somebody new, I gotta have  
a DNA sample." Martel sat huntched over the Tavern of the Hotel. He couldn't help but  
smile.
"Your just like what dad said you would be." Washu put a hand on her sons  
sholdur.  
	"How is your father any way?" She asked. Martel frowned as he drank.
	"Dead." He began. Washu looked surprised. "One of his experiments.  He tried to  
convert antimatter into matter using subatomic particles.  It wasn't pretty when I had to  
Identify the body." Washu sook her head.
	"How sad." She said. There was a moment of silence. Both of them had questions  
running through their heads like bullot trains. It wasn't long befor Martel broke the  
silence.
	"Mom, why did you leave us?" He asked. Washu looked hurt. But she calmed  
down.
	"I didn't." Washu said. "Your father stole you away from me when you were a  
baby.  I was heart broken." Martel was even more saddened.
	"What about that other girl." He said. "My sister" Washu smiled.
	"Ryoko was made through my egg cells and the genetic structure of the creatures  
known as Mass." She said. Martel was surrprised. "She was the closest thing to a child I  
was ever going to get.  I thought you were gone forever." Martel then put his hand on  
Washu's.
	"I won't be going anywhere." He said with a smile. "I'm going to stay with you  
guys. At least until my job is done. I might be able to stay with you guys after it's done."  
Washhu suddenly felt a ray of hope.
	"You mean, your going to fight Kagato with us?" Washu asked, very excitedly.  
Martel nodded.
"I still have to do my job." He said. "I'll protect the Princesses during the fight."  
Washu threw her arms up and jumped into the air.
	"Hurray!" she yelled enthusiastically.

Tenchi stood in what has become his little corner of the Universe.  The Courtyard  
of the Hotel.  Alone in thought, Tenchi stared at the Stars.  It had been 50 hours since the  
countdown began, which meant that the people of Jurai have only a little longer then two  
days left.  For the first time in his life, he was truly scared.  He'd been scared before, just  
not like this.  Tenchi wished he could just go back to 5 days ago.  It had been almost a  
week since Kagato returned.  Tenchi looked at the girl across the courtyard.  Ryoko was  
looking at the stars too.  Pondering what he was pondering.  What is going to happen to  
them?  What will become of the Universe?  Time was running out and Tenchi knew what  
he had to do.  He must get to Soja, and he must get there soon. Ryoko knew that Tenchi  
was in the courtyard with her. With even diverting her gaze from the stars, she looked at  
Tenchi.
	"Their Beautiful, aren't they." Ryoko said. Tenchi nodded in agreement.
	"Yeah." He said. He looked back up at the heavens.
	"Tenchi." Ryoko said, with a slight hint of fear in her voice. "We have to do  
something.  We can't let this beauty end.  If Kagato gained the Power of Jurai, then the  
stars will end their shine." Tenchi looked over at Ryoko.
	"I know," He began. "And I won't let Kagato Win.  I've got a Plan.  Ryoko, could  
you gather everyone?" Ryoko nodded.
	"Anything, my Tenchi." And with that, they left.

	D had just brought Kagato some news after her reconesence work. The news  
pleased Kagato. "So, the Galaxy Police can't interfere." Kagato Said.  
	"They cant." D began. "They are not allowed to Interfere with Diplomatic Wars.   
Also, your Warrant was Terminated the Day you died." Kagato had to keep from  
laughing.
	"Good." He said with a smile. D's hope suddenly brightened.
	"Does this mean, I can see father?" the android asked. Kagato sat up from his  
throne and walked over the android. She closed he eyes thinking that he would strick her  
again, but instead, Kagato placed a hand on the androids sholder.
	"Soon," He said. "Remember my promise.  When I get Jurai, he will see you.   
Now, I want you to detach Tsunami and bring her here." D looked at her master with a  
puzzled exprestion.
	"Master?" she asked.  
	"You heard me." Kagato said. "Its Time, I talked to her." D bowed to her master  
and left to fetch Tsunami. What a pathetic excuses for an android, Kagato thought as he  
watched D walk out of the Throne room. It doesn't matter. Once I have Jurai, then I can  
get rid of Her.  She's been a pest ever since I found her. Pathetic machine.  That's what I  
get for messing around with Biosynthetic Androids. Kagato looked out the main view  
screen. There it was. The blue green orb called Jurai. He reached out as if to grab the  
sphere in his hand. He then made a crushing motion as he balled his hand into a fist.  

	The gang all sat in the hotel room as Ryoko and Tenchi walked in. "What do you  
want Ryoko?" Ayeka Said." Why did you call us here?" Tenchi walked past Ryoko and  
sat in the middle of the group, infront of Washu's old Soja plans that where on a coffee  
table.
	"She didn't call you here," Tenchi said. "I did." Ayeka and the rest of the group  
looked over at Tenchi with puzzling expressions on their faces.
	"What is it Tenchi?" Martel asked. He had come to terms on the fact that he  
would be searving the Crown Prince in the future. He's allso become less restless and  
plans on cooperating with the group.
	"I've been thinking." Tenchi started. "We must stop Kagato as soon as possible.   
I've came up with a plan. I already told Washu so she's working on it right now. We  
know what Kagato wants and when he wants it.  I think he isn't a threat." Tenchi's words  
supprised everybody. They had no idea that Tenchi could get this serious.
	"One thing we know." Ryoko began, "is that Kagato dosent want political power,  
even though it is one of his demands.  Sasami pointed this out earlier." Sasami nodded.
	"I talked to Sasami." Tenchi said. He looked over at the smaller princess.  
"Sasami, I want you to tell everybody else what you told be about Tsunami."
	"Tsunami?" Kyone said. Sasami took a deep breath as she began to speek.
	"Tsunami, even though she has great power, isn't that powerful." Sasami said.  
"Let me explain.  Without a host body, Tsunami's Power is depleted by 75 percent."  
Kyone instantly got the picture as if it was just thrown right in front of her.
	"Which means that if the deadline ended," Kyone began. "Kagato would be  
shooting blanks.  Then, its all a ruse." Ryoko shook her head.
	"Not quite," Ryoko began. "Kagato does plan on owning Jurai.  It's just not the  
planet or the Government.  Jurai is a third meaning.  The Jurai he wants is the Jurai key."  
	"The Jurai What?" Martel asked. Ryoko continued.
	"The Jurai Key.  Washu, get in here and explain." Washu walked in from outside  
the room. She had a holotop projected in front of her.
	The Jurai Key is an artifact." The scientist began. "Kagatos crimes involve Art  
theft, Murder, and Artifact Theft, just to name a few.  The Jurai Key is the whole reason  
that Jurai is called Jurai. With it, you would truly have great power." Washu typed in  
some comands into her Holotop and a 3D model appeared in front of them. It looked like  
a gauntlet. "This is the Key." Washu said. "It can enable its owner to create worlds, or  
destroy them with a single whisper.  It's the whole reason Kagato Attacked Jurai 700  
years ago."
	"But, why did he take Tsunami?" Ayeka asked.
"Tsunami is the Key to the Key." Washu said. This shocked everybody. "She is  
the gatekeeper of the Key. The Trees are her servants.  The Trees protect those born of  
Juraian Blood and their planet."  
	"This is Confusing?" Mihoshi said. Kyone slapped her forhead.
	"Such an Airhead." The Detective said, slightly angry. Tenchi got up and pointed  
to the plans of the Soja.
	"This is what we do," Tenchi began."Washu is building a Holoshield.  It will  
disguise Grampa as Emperor Asuza.  Grampa will tell Kagato that Jurai gives up.  He  
will then tell him that we are bringing a ship to the Soja with the Juraian Diplomatic  
Leaders, but it will be the Yagami in disguise with use. When we get there, we will split  
up into two groups.  Ryoko, Martel, Ayeka, and myself will head to the bridge to fight  
Kagato.  Meanwhile Washu, Grandpa, Sasami and Kyone will find Tsunami and escort  
her to the Yagami.  Mihoshi will guard the Yagami from any threat.  That's it." Martel  
folded his arms.
	"Seems easy enough." The Hunter comented. Tenchi just wished it really was that  
easy.  

To Be Continued.

Next Episode: Love Will Leave You Crying

Email Nexodus@msn.com
