[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EPIGRAM:

     'Sweet boy,' she says, 'this night I'll waste in
          sorrow,
     For my sick heart commands mine eyes to watch.
     Tell me, Love's master, shall we meet to-morrow?
     Say, shall we? shall we? wilt thou make the match?'
        He tells her, no; to-morrow he intends
        To hunt the boar with certain of his friends.

     -- William Shakespeare, _Venus and Adonis_

2    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     The house embraces the side of a hill, basking in snowy
sunlight.  Pan around past snow-covered trees to the lake.

3    EXT. LAKE EDGE

     A large boulder sits at the edge of the lake.  On it,
sits Ryoko.  She is dressed heavily--gloves, furry hat and
scarf included.

     CU. RYOKO

     Ryoko is sitting crossed-legged, apparently meditating.
She is staring, unfocused.  The scarf flutters in the
breeze.  She shivers in a slight chill.  She then closes her
eyes in thought.

     LAKE EDGE

     Trees sway in the slight breeze.  A shaft of sunlight
breaks through the clouds briefly and then vanishes.  The
lake makes a soft but distinct splash.  A moment of complete
silence hovers in the air.

     CU. RYOKO

     Looking up in sudden surprise.

4    EXT. JUST ABOVE LAKE

     Little wisps of steam rise from the lake, as a figure
slowly rises from the water.

5    EXT. LAKE EDGE

     The figure appears in a flicker of light, just next to
Ryoko.

     CU. RYOKO

     A look of suspicious curiosity turns to stunned
recognition.

          RYOKO:  (softly)  Washu?

     CU. WASHU

     Soaked and shivering, looking very annoyed.

          WASHU:  (teeth chattering)  Damn!  Cold!  (stern) 
Okay, Ryoko.  What did you do with the house?

     CU. RYOKO

     Tears are welling in her eyes.

          RYOKO:  (disbelief)  Is that really you?

     CU. WASHU

     Casually, she pulls a towel from a hole in the air. 
She starts to apply the towel to her face and hair.

          WASHU:  Oh, it's up on the hill.  (wistful)  I
wonder how it got up there, all of sudden.

     LAKE EDGE

     Ryoko, now weeping shamelessly, embraces Washu--who
looks very confused.

          RYOKO:  Oh my god, Mom.  I was starting to think
I'd never see you again!  Why were you gone for so long?

          WASHU:  (nervous)  Uh...  Ryoko, is there
something you want to tell me?

     CU. WASHU

     Nervously consoling Ryoko, as she looks around
curiously.

          WASHU:  Wait a minute.  How long have I been gone?
I left in the spring.  Why is it winter, now?  Have I been
gone nearly a year?

     CU. RYOKO

     She pulls away from Washu in shock.

          RYOKO:  How long?  You don't know?

     CU. WASHU

     Very disconcerted, now.

          WASHU:  Of course I know.  I was only gone two
weeks.  I just went on a little vacation, you know. 
(sullen)  Oh, no...  How long was I gone?

6    EXT. FLOATING CITY

     A huge city hangs suspended in mid-air over a barren
wasteland.  Coaches pulled by winged horses flick here and
there.  The air is lit by a soft reddish glow from a large
planet hanging in the sky directly above.  On the horizon, a
bright, sun-like star appears and pours light down over the
landscape.  Tall, graceful towers appear among forests
within the city.

7    EXT. FOREST

     A young woman--Tsunami--is riding on a winged horse. 
The horse is just trotting along a path.

     CU. TSUNAMI

     She scans along the path into the forest, curiously.

          TSUNAMI:  (to herself)  Wolf snare--

     FOREST

     Tsunami dismounts casually and goes over to an
elaborate rope trap, hanging just inside the forest.  She
examines it carefully and scowls.

          TSUNAMI:  (softly)  Hunters--  How are there any
hunters, these days?  They were forbidden, long ago.

     CU. TSUNAMI

     She holds out her right hand, palm up--closing her
eyes.  A moment later, a shining dagger appears and lands
squarely in her palm.

     FOREST

     Tsunami cuts the rope and carefully coils it up with a
curious chant, moving her lips without speaking aloud.  She
takes the coiled rope and attaches it to the saddle of her
horse.  The horse looks around and snorts.  Tsunami sighs
and pats the horse's mane.  She considers the dagger and
lets it drop.  The dagger falls nearly to the ground,
vanishing just before it can land.

     CU. TSUNAMI

     Looking into the distance, sadly.

          TSUNAMI:  Lady would never forgive me if I let one
of her pack stray into a clumsy trap.  Who is guarding these
woods?  I really must find that station and report this.

     FOREST

     She mounts the horse again, looking around at the
forest.  The horse seems about to leave, but Tsunami urges
it to stay.  She considers the site, as another horse flies
over.  Tsunami dismounts again, as the other horse lands,
nearby.  A young woman--Araya--looks over at Tsunami. 
(Araya is diminutive and tan--with soft, almost delicate
features.  She appears vaguely wholesome but dejected.  She
frequently has a slightly sour disposition.)

     CU. ARAYA

          ARAYA:  (calling out)  Another copy of the Fate
Stone?

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  (looking around)  It's nothing.

     FOREST

     Araya dismounts and moves toward Tsunami, as Tsunami
looks at the site of the wolf snare.  Tsunami kicks some
leaves and shakes a couple of branches.

          ARAYA:  (wryly considering)  Yeah, the Stone would
have been flung in annoyance to be found in a place like
this.  What was I thinking?

          TSUNAMI:  (gently)  Knowing you, Araya, you were
thinking I could live in a place like this.

     Araya stands just next to her, as Tsunami continues
looking around.

     CU. ARAYA

          ARAYA:  What is it?

     CU. TSUNAMI

          TSUNAMI:  (casual)  I said it was nothing.  Hmm...
It looks too much like a good snare position.  A wolf would
never fall into this.

     FOREST

     Araya punches Tsunami in the shoulder, playfully.

          ARAYA:  Hunters, huh?  Maybe they were after
bigger game...

     Tsunami laughs as she considers, looking over at
another tree.  She reaches out for a branch and drops,
apparently, right through the ground.

     CU. ARAYA

          ARAYA:  (stunned)  Tsunami!

8    EXT. PIT TRAP

     Low, wide-angle shot from within the trap.  Tsunami has
fallen, face-down onto a row of spikes.  She tries to reach
up, but falters and collapses.

9    EXT. FOREST

     Araya, still stunned, looks into the trap.  She gasps
and trembles in fear.  She then turns and runs for her
horse.

     CU. ARAYA

          ARAYA:  (frantic)  Tsunami!  Oh, no!  This can't
be happening!

     FOREST

     Araya gets on the horse and flies off.

10   EXT. PIT TRAP

     Tsunami struggles for breath.

11   INT. CRAMPED ROOM

     Sasami awakens to discover herself in a small room,
filled with compartments.  (Sasami appears to be about
fifteen--a studious picture of a pre-Tsunami.)  She tries to
stand, and bumps her head.

     CU. SASAMI

     She looks around, very confused, as she rubs her head.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  Where am I?

12   TITLE:  "STOWED AWAY"

13   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     A nice, sunny frame.  Mid-morning.

14   INT. MAIN HALL

     Washu is sitting at the table with Ryoko and Ayeka.  A
dish of food is sitting in front of her, as she leans over
to the side, typing at her console.  She looks up at the
display, making some observations.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  It's such a pleasure to see you
again, Washu.  You don't know how many times we had wished
you were here.  That ancient fortress caused us so much
trouble.

          WASHU:  Ancient fortress?  Oh yeah, I'll want pick
up my studies again.  I wonder how much has changed over the
past seven years...

          RYOKO:  Well, you'll have to go to Jurai, if you
want to study it.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (looking up from her console)  Jurai?  How
did it get there?

     MAIN HALL (table)

          RYOKO:  It was just missing.  Then, a couple years
later, someone found it--sitting right under the royal
palace.

          AYEKA:  Yes, it caused quite a stir.  I'm not sure
any of our scientists can explain it, either.

     CU. WASHU

          She ponders for a moment.

          WASHU:  Hmm...  Well, it would explain why I found
nothing but rock there.  I had thought it was strange...

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  So, have you noticed anything different?

     CU. WASHU

          Looks at her console again.

          WASHU:  Aside from the obvious, no.  Everything
appears completely normal.  This is very encouraging.  Just
a few more modifications, and I think I can call your design
a suitable success.

     CU. RYOKO

          She looks vaguely amused.

          RYOKO:  Modifications?

     MAIN HALL (table)

          WASHU:  Just a few efficiency improvements in the
energy flow in your wrist capacitors.  You'd be surprised
what the right kind of filters can do.  After going over the
data I had from Tenchi's encounter with that guardian the
past two weeks, I've discovered a few more quantum
conservation variations.

          AYEKA:  I thought Ryoko had sabotaged that work.

     Ryoko frowns for a moment at Ayeka.

          WASHU:  Yes, but I did manage to save the record I
made from the dimensional vortex.  Oh, that reminds me.  I
never gave you your dagger back.

     Washu takes a wicked-looking dagger and slides it
across the table.  Ayeka looks at it, doubtfully, then her
eyes widen.

          AYEKA:  I never told you this was missing!

          WASHU:  Yes?

          RYOKO:  Whoa!  This is the dagger Tenchi took from
the vortex--

     CU. WASHU

     Looks at Ryoko, wryly amused.

          WASHU:  Don't be so naive, Ryoko.  Tenchi isn't
that powerful.  Where is Tenchi, anyway?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Another escort and survey out to Libra. 
He has an envoy cruiser for these little jobs.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Tenchi borrowed it from a local diplomat. 
They keep making assays, but they can't find him.  I don't
think they're going to find him.  He's probably stuck in
Tokyo.

     MAIN HALL (table)

          WASHU:  You mean the diplomat?

          AYEKA:  From Beta.

          RYOKO:  A notorious scoundrel.

          WASHU:  Ah, yes.  He seems to fit with your
explanation.

     Washu looks down at the console and then looks back
across the table.

          WASHU:  So, is Tenchi... spoken for?

     Ayeka frowns as Ryoko glowers at Washu.

     CU. WASHU

     Smiling gleefully.

          WASHU:  Oh, this is too good.  I can't believe my
luck!  Tenchi is just going to be too easy for me.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (scowling)  What do you mean by that?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (smug)  Well, let's see if I have this
right...  Tenchi has been growing more and more mature,
making himself the handsome and fit young man I always
imagined he would be.  All the while, he has been pestered
and annoyed by all the shenanigans you two could inflict on
him.  He has grown bored with you, and he probably dreams
about me.  He'll absolutely throw himself at me!  This is
too good to be true!

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Lord Tenchi is not bored with me, Little
Washu.  I am more radiantly beautiful, every day.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Washu has a good chuckle, as Ryoko folds her arms. 
Ayeka turns her nose up at them.  Washu leans over to have a
bite to eat.

     CU. WASHU

     She frowns in disgust.

          WASHU:  Oh, whoa!  What is this?  This food is
disgusting!  Who made this?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  I did.  What's the matter with it?

     CU. WASHU

     Rolling her eyes.

          WASHU:  Ryoko, you know you can't cook.  You have
to be able to taste food to make it right.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  I can smell it, Washu.  I'm not that bad a
cook.  Anyway, someone has to cook around here.

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Ayeka pouts as Ryoko scowls.  Washu has a considerately
annoyed look.

          WASHU:  What happened to Sasami?  You didn't drive
her away, did you?

          AYEKA:  Sasami is not here.  She will return when
she sees fit.

          RYOKO:  It's nothing, Washu.  Sasami just has a
habit of going off on her own for a few days, sometimes.

          WASHU:  (a little alarmed)  And you let her go?

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  I refuse to be a nursemaid!  Sasami is old
enough to look after herself.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Who cares?  I don't really like that kid,
anyway.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (nearly choking)  Hey!  What's the matter
with you?

     MAIN HALL (table)

     Ayeka looks thoughtful as Ryoko has a sudden look of
confusion.

          RYOKO:  What?

          WASHU:  Wait a minute.  What stage is she at?  She
can't be prepubescent, yet.  Juraians don't grow up like
this, even without the Juraian water-cycles.

          AYEKA:  It has been known to happen, Washu.  Not
all of us are of the one complete species, you know.

          WASHU:  (grimly musing)  That was just my point. 
Huh...  She's not pre-adult, is she?

          RYOKO:  Yeah...  What's your point?

     CU. WASHU

     Looks like she's about to have a hair-raising
conniption fit.

          WASHU:  (groaning)  I knew it was too good to be
true.

15   EXT. SPACE

     A small cruiser flies past the camera.

16   INT. SMALL CABIN

     Tenchi is sitting in a small recliner, holding a
sketchpad.  He looks over at a bunk, where he has arranged a
bit of model terrain and some tiny soldiers.  The little
scene is complete with cavalry, cannon, some elephants and
what appears to be a trebuchet on one side, poised to strike
a castle wall at the other side.

     He looks up thoughtfully, frowns and continues in his
sketchpad.  (Tenchi looks about twenty-five and more
defined--he still has short hair, but the pony tail is a
little thicker.)

     SFX:  A low hum starts to throb, then slowly starts to
die, like an old car engine going dead.

     CU. TENCHI

     He looks up, a little annoyed, then continues to work.

          TENCHI:  (sigh)  Damn power converters.  I should
just replace them.

     CABIN

     Tenchi holds his hand out, finger and thumb in an L,
trying to frame a picture of something on the bunk.  The
door slides open, and Sasami enters.  Tenchi looks blankly,
still holding out his finger and thumb.

          TENCHI:  Sasami?  What are you doing here?

     CU. SASAMI

     Sasami looks totally baffled.

          SASAMI:  I really have no idea, Tenchi.  I just
woke up.

     CU. TENCHI

     He frowns, then slowly looks back around at the scene. 
He sighs and then continues his work.

          TENCHI:  Well, that would explain why we've lost
power.

17   EXT. MILITARY BASE

     A few groundcars go through a gate in a fenced section
at the front, waved in by a guard who is standing by.  A
large airship sits on a giant pedestal between the lanes of
traffic, just within the base.  On either side of the
roadway are large buildings with underground lots--seemingly
normal.  Beyond the buildings in front are a grounds,
several rows of barracks, several small apartment buildings
and one large airport.  The airport is quiet, as usual.

18   EXT. NEAR APARTMENTS

     Three uniformed figures march by in-step, as Mihoshi
marches toward the first apartment building, carrying a
small bag.  (Mihoshi is dressed in a severe dark-gray
suit-and-tie affair that looks like an explosion of pockets.
She wears an ordinary baseball-style cap and has her hair
tied back.)

19   INT. HALLWAY

     There are three doors on each side of the hallway. 
Mihoshi stands at the first one, twisting a curious
knob--attached to the wall just beside the door.  The door
keeps making curious beeps, but refuses to open.

          MIHOSHI:  (annoyed)  Oh, come on!

     Mihoshi stops and takes out a blaster, aiming it at the
door.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     She frowns, considerately.

          MIHOSHI:  Hmm...  Better not.

     HALLWAY

     She puts away the blaster and goes back to the curious
knob, twisting and turning it.  She scowls in aggravation.

20   INT. MAIN ROOM

     The apartment is a simple three-room--a main room, a
small bedroom and a bathroom.  The door opens into the main
room.  The main room is littered with junk--a small TV with
a recliner.  A table is at the other end, clustered with
uneaten junk food.  A small desk sits in between, up against
a wall.  The desk has several books, all stacked together
with a pile of forms and folders.  Several of the folders
are open--the papers smeared across the fronts.

     Mihoshi enters, taking the bag with her to the
recliner.  The TV flicks on and she opens the bag--filled
with some kind of junk food.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     She stares vacantly, just getting enthralled in the
moment.  A beeping floats through the air, and she looks up
in mild annoyance.

     MAIN ROOM

     Mihoshi narrowly avoids an elbow injury on her way to
the desk, as junk goes flying.  She reaches for a device on
the desk, buried under folders.  The folders go flying, as a
display opens up out of the air.  Tenchi appears on the
display with the small cabin in the background.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Looking around at the papers and junk on the floor, a
little flabbergasted.

          MIHOSHI:  Just a second!  Whoa!  What is this
doing here?

     She picks up a little furry toy--a curious creature
holding a drum.

     CU. TENCHI (display)

          TENCHI:  Hey, Mihoshi!  It's me!

     CU. MIHOSHI

     She looks a little stunned, as she looks from the toy
to the display.

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  Oh, hey Tenchi!  Wow!  It's sure
nice to see you again.

     CU. TENCHI (display)

          TENCHI:  Uh...  Yeah.  Nice to see you, too.  You
look like you have your hands full, there.

     CU. MIHOSHI

     Looks around in some confusion for a moment, then looks
up again.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  Yeah.  Just a little paperwork, you
know.  So, what brings you out to Leo-three?  Some diplomat
needs a big withdrawl or something?

     CU. TENCHI (display)

          TENCHI:  Just a little stopover for some fuel
cells.  I'm taking the cruiser out to Alpha.  It's a pretty
long stretch, you know.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  In a cruiser?  I can imagine.  So, why
don't you stop by?  I have an apartment, now.

     CU. TENCHI (diplay)

          TENCHI:  Yeah, I know.  I'll be there in a few
hours.  I was just calling to see if you'd be in.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Hey, this is great!  I'm between the
core patrols, waiting for my course selection orders.  After
I get my orders in a few days, I have the graduation
ceremony and a nice little reception.  You can meet my
grandfather.  This is really great!

     CU. TENCHI (display)

     Looking a little amused.

          TENCHI:  That's really nice of you, Mihoshi, but I
don't know if I can stay that long.  I need to be on my way
in a day or two.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (a little disappointed)  Oh.  So, what's
the delay?  Are you stuck in customs?

     CU. TENCHI (display)

          TENCHI:  No.  I'm just waiting for the service
ship.  Fortunately, I'm on a first-name basis with most of
them.  It's no big deal, but it does take some time.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  A service ship?  You didn't lose the
power converters again?

     CU. TENCHI (display)

     He smiles and brings Sasami into the display.

          TENCHI:  Just a little extra cargo, actually.

          SASAMI:  Hey, Mihoshi!  What's up?

     CU. MIHOSHI

     She looks at the display, then at the toy again,
frowning considerately.

21   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     A nice evening shot, snow starting to fall.

22   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ryoko is lying on a support beam, holding a glimmer of
light in her hands.  It slowly resolves into a chunk of
coal, then into a glimmer of light again.  Washu appears
just off to the side, sitting on a side beam, looking
curiously.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (casual)  What the hell is that?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (startled)  Oh!  Just a little alchemy. 
What's the problem?

     MAIN HALL (ceiling)

     Washu scowls, annoyed.

          WASHU:  I know it's alchemy.  I just can't figure
out how you're doing that.  How in the world are you
blocking my telepathic link?  Who taught you how to do this?

          RYOKO:  (a little amused)  Oh, it's nothing. 
You'd be surprised what you can learn in a few years.

          WASHU:  Don't give me that, Ryoko.  I know
everything about you.  At least, I used to.  Now...  All I'm
getting is garbage.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (irritated)  I always knew you had trashy
thoughts, Ryoko, but this is ridiculous.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (smug)  You really can't tell what I'm
thinking, can you?  Wow--this is amazing.  I wonder how this
happened...

     MAIN HALL

     Ayeka enters, looking very composed.

          AYEKA:  (kindly)  Washu, weren't you about to fix
some supper?  If not, I believe I should just get a few
prepared dishes.

     Washu stands at the floor, suddenly.

          WASHU:  Doesn't it seem strange to either of you
that Tenchi has left and Sasami is also missing?

     Ayeka considers and casually dismisses it.

          AYEKA:  Not to me.

     Ryoko appears and puts a hand on Washu's shoulder.

          RYOKO:  You're just getting paranoid, Mom. 
Tenchi's not going anywhere.  We'd know.

     CU. WASHU

     Rolls her eyes and sighs.

          WASHU:  Well, it's a good thing I am, Ryoko.  I
just checked Tenchi's flight plan and manifest.  It says
he's headed for Alpha, not Libra.

     MAIN HALL

     Ryoko looks worried, as Ayeka starts to smirk.

          AYEKA:  So, he misspoke himself.  Alpha--Libra--
who can keep track of such things?

          WASHU:  You also said 'escort and survey.'  His
manifest mentions no escort nor any survey equipment.  Now,
do you see my point?

     Ayeka looks worried, now.

          RYOKO:  Yeah.  I also know for a fact that Sasami
would never stay out while it's snowing or raining.  I'm
starting to get a really bad feeling about this...

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (upset)  Oh, this is intolerable!  We must
know the truth.  It is quite unlike Lord Tenchi to lie to
us.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (pondering)  He's probably just in
trouble, Princess.  And it's probably all your fault!

     MAIN HALL

          AYEKA:  My fault?  How is this my fault?!

          RYOKO:  You have a habit of treating Sasami
rudely, you know.  A person can only take so much abuse
before they decide to run away.

          AYEKA:  (gasping)  I never treat Sasami rudely! 
If Sasami has run away, which I doubt, it was probably from
you!  You have a habit of meddling in her affairs,
especially when you are not welcome!

     CU. WASHU

     She looks down, smiling.

          WASHU:  (softly)  Ah.  It's so nice to see that
some things never change.

23   EXT. MILITARY BASE

     Tenchi is sitting on the right side of a groundcar
(driver's side), attending to the guard at the gate.  Sasami
sits on the left, looking a little sleepy.

          GUARD:  (obviously bored)  Visitor passes are
issued at the reception desk.  Fourth building on your
left--can't miss it.  Just follow the blue signs to the
parking area.

24   INT. APARTMENT HALLWAY

     Tenchi and Sasami stand in the hallway.  Tenchi is
holding a couple luggage bags.  Tenchi looks at a note,
uncertainly, then presses a button next to the first door. 
The door shortly opens, Mihoshi standing at the entrance.

          MIHOSHI:  Hey guys!  Tenchi!  Wow, this is so
terrific!

     Mihoshi hugs Tenchi.

     CU. TENCHI

     He looks over at Sasami, slightly amused.

          TENCHI:  Uh...  Yeah--nice to see you again,
Mihoshi.

     CU. SASAMI

     Sasami smiles at Tenchi, reassuringly.

25   INT. MAIN ROOM

     The room looks like it has been attacked by a deranged
anal-retentive maid.  Tenchi has to squint, from the gleam
that comes off the shine on the table.  All the folders and
books are neatly arranged, and the room has a sterile
feel--like a hospital room.  Tenchi and Sasami enter, and
Mihoshi follows.

          TENCHI:  Whoa!  Is this the right place?  It looks
so much cleaner.

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  I just fixed it up a bit.  Make
yourselves at home.

     CU. SASAMI

     She looks around, considerately.

          SASAMI:  You don't have to go to any trouble for
us, Mihoshi.  We'll just be here a day or two.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Hmm...  Still pulling KP every other
shift, I take it...

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  (amused)  No, just keeping on-call for
fatigues.

     MAIN ROOM

     Tenchi sets down his bags, looking around.

          TENCHI:  So, you don't have leave, huh?

          MIHOSHI:  (sighing)  Not till tomorrow.  This is a
nice base, though.  Tomorrow, we could go to the rec hall,
get some pizza or see a movie--whatever you want.

          TENCHI:  (amused)  Hey, that sounds good.  What do
you say, Sasami?

     CU. SASAMI

     Frowns, thoughtfully.

          SASAMI:  All right, but I have something else in
mind for tonight.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Oh, you mean that little bistro you were
talking about before?

     MAIN HALL

          SASAMI:  (wistful)  More of a cantina than a cafe,
actually.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh, there are a lot of those near here.

          TENCHI:  Yeah.  Well, the one she's referring to
is a little more upscale than the ones around the base.  I
think it's in a little village just outside of town?

          SASAMI:  I think so.  It's been a while since I
was there last.  I can remember it fairly clearly, though.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  Oh!  You've visited here before?

     CU. SASAMI

     Looks a little annoyed.

          SASAMI:  (subdued)  Actually, I've never visited
here before--but I did once have to work my way out of a
little debt.

     CU. MIHOSHI

          MIHOSHI:  What?

     CU. TENCHI

     Looks just as confused.

26   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     A close evening shot.  Washu, Ryoko and Ayeka go up the
front steps to the door through the snow, holding umbrellas.
Snow is now falling fairly heavily.  The door opens, and
Yosho appears.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  Ah--welcome back, Little Washu.  Anything
I can help you girls with?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Where's Tenchi?

     CU. YOSHO

     He rubs his chin thoughtfully, then produces the sword.

          YOSHO:  You mean this?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  You know what we mean, Yosho.  He would
never leave without telling you.  What's this about?

     CU. YOSHO

     He frowns and gestures, thoughtfully.

          YOSHO:  Perhaps we should all come inside and
discuss this.

27   INT. SHRINE

     Yosho takes some tea and sits at the table.  Washu and
Ayeka sit at the table.  Ryoko floats nearby.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  When I heard that Tenchi had presented his
work in a gallery, I became concerned for him--not that he
would become disappointed.  He knows a good deal about
disappointment from his time before any one of you came
along.  I was worried that success would drive him to an
extreme.

     SHRINE

          AYEKA:  So, he was successful.

          YOSHO:  Well...  Yes and no...

          RYOKO:  What do you mean?

          WASHU:  You mean, he achieved recognition, but not
acclaim.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  There was plenty of acclaim, actually. 
But there was even more acclaim for a particular rival of
his...

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  This is about a rivalry of artists?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  I see.  He's forgotten his love for the
work itself.

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  I'm afraid so.  Now, he's seeking out this
rival--some man by the name of Laren, or something like
that.

     SHRINE

          RYOKO:  And you aren't the least bit worried about
telling us all this?  He didn't tell you to keep this in
confidence?

          YOSHO:  Actually, Ryoko, he was worried that I
might try to hide it from you.  He left me a specific
request that I be very open with you about it.

          WASHU:  All he wanted was a head start, I take it.

          YOSHO:  Yes.  I think he was counting on having a
few days, though.  He surely didn't consider the possibility
of your return, Little Washu.  I think you may be able to
get ahead of him.

          AYEKA:  Catch up with him, you mean?

          RYOKO:  No, Princess.  Yosho is right.  We should
leave right now and find this rival ourselves.  That way,
we'll be waiting for Tenchi when he comes along.

          WASHU:  I don't know about this.  Slow down,
Ryoko.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  How exactly did Tenchi get this
information?  How did he know to go to Alpha?

     CU. YOSHO

          YOSHO:  Alpha, huh?  I have no idea.  It never
occurred to me to ask.  You think it might be a trap?

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  That's silly.  Why would anyone want to
lay a trap for Tenchi?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Ryoko...  The universe doesn't revolve
around you, you know.  Someone might want to trap him to get
to one of us...  A super-genius, for example, would have
many enemies.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  But no one knows that you are here, Washu.

     SHRINE

          WASHU:  No one except whoever sabotaged my
time-travel machine.

          RYOKO:  So, what should we do?  Just let Tenchi
fall into a trap?  All the more reason to get going, I say.

          AYEKA:  (a little annoyed)  Yes, Ryoko.  But it
would be nice if we knew who was behind it.  I'd rather not
get stuck in hyperspace, for example.  That would be most
inconvenient.

          WASHU:  Hyperspace?

          RYOKO:  We'll explain on the way, Mom.  Let's go. 
I'll call Ryo-Ohki.

28   EXT. OBSCURE CANTINA

     An ordinary row of houses stands along a grassy
roadway.  Several groundcars are parked near one particular
building.  A young woman--Kimiko--looks out the front
windows briefly, then returns to the interior.

29   INT. DINING HALL

     The room is fairly small for a dining hall, dotted with
little tables here and there.  At the center near the
entrance to the kitchen is a three-sided bar.  Most of the
patrons are sitting at the bar, talking or looking blankly
over a drink or two.  A few patrons are sitting at tables
near the walls.  Several ordinary tapestries hang on the
walls, along with a few paintings--most of which depict some
kind of ranching or desert scenes.  Near the back of the
room is a hallway, leading around to a bathroom and a
stairway.

     The wall behind the bar has a large mirror, lined with
counters filled with all kinds of bottles of beverages.  On
a few side racks there is some bric-a-brac, a couple lamps
and an ordinary fan.

     At the middle of the bar, in a display case, are a few
figurines--fixed in various positions, as if to look down on
the patrons, to remind them of their bar tabs.

     At each table is a small lamp--a simulated candle light
in a shaded bulb.

     At one table sits Tenchi and Sasami.  Sasami looks
around curiously, as Tenchi looks up at a particular
painting.

          SASAMI:  This place looks a lot smaller than I
remember it.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (wistful)  I get the same feeling
sometimes.

     HALL (table)

     Kimiko approaches the table, carrying a small pad. 
(Kimiko is compact, but fairly shapely--not exactly
entrancing, but she definitely catches the eye.  Her hair is
dark and little awkward, but she gives the impression of one
who is calm and confident even in her awkward traits.)

          KIMIKO:  Hello.  I'll be serving you, tonight.  My
name is Kimiko.  Is there anything I can get you to drink?

     Sasami grins widely in apparent recognition.  Tenchi
frowns, trying to consider.

          TENCHI:  I'm not really sure.  What do you think,
Sasami?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Hey, Kimiko!  Remember me?  I'll bet you
don't.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  (a little startled)  Uh...  Well, the
name is familiar...  I don't know--

     HALL (table)

     Sasami winks at Tenchi, and then gestures.

          SASAMI:  Sure, you do.  I was about this tall.  Me
and my sister were once stuck here for a few weeks.

     Kimiko considers carefully, trying to remember.

          KIMIKO:  Oh, Little Sasami--  I remember now.  I
had just started out here.  I remember Hikaru had a fit
every night for two weeks, trying to show your sister how to
use the speed rack properly and mix drinks in the proper
way.  He didn't trust you with a knife at first, either. 
'Just hold that,' he would say, and shove a big frying pan
in your hands.

          SASAMI:  I got a lot better since then.

          KIMIKO:  Boy, that was a while ago.  What was your
sister's name--?

          SASAMI:  Ayeka.

          KIMIKO:  That's right.  She kept spiking all the
soft drinks till I showed her the reracks for the sodas. 
(laughing)  Hikaru always thought she was doing it on
purpose.

          SASAMI:  Oh.  I always wondered about that.  So,
did Hikaru ever figure out my salami jardiniere?

          KIMIKO:  (pondering for a moment)  He got pretty
close, but I'm not sure he ever figured out the secret
ingredient.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Sounds like you two got along pretty
well.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  We had a few fun pranks on Ayeka, anyway.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  Hey, Sasami--why don't you come back to
the kitchen?  You can get caught up and meet the new guys.

     HALL (table)

          SASAMI:  Really?  Oh, wow!

     She gets up from the table.  Tenchi starts to get up.

          SASAMI:  Uh...  Tenchi, you go ahead and wait
here.  You'd just be bored, and this will only take a few
moments.

     CU. TENCHI

     He starts to sit back down.

          TENCHI:  Oh, okay.

30   INT. DINING HALL (table)

     Tenchi looks back around at the particular painting, as
Sasami leaves with Kimiko.

     CU. PAINTING

          An adorable little desert piece, depicting two men
playing guitars.  One man looks ragged and good-natured, the
other looks handsome but vaguely haughty.  A few vultures
stand on a dead tree limb, looking rather supple and
nonchalant.  The sun is setting in a corner of the painting,
giving the appearance of being sturdy but plaintive.  The
whole painting gives an air of being just a little too
tasteful, as if the painter painted it in a sanctimonious
fit of anger.

     CU. TENCHI

     He tries to look away, but the painting seems to have a
magnetic effect on his eyes.

          ACHIKA:  (OC)  It really captures the attention,
huh?

     HALL (table)

     Tenchi's mother--Achika--sits across from him.  He
looks around in wide-eyed amazement.

          TENCHI:  (nearly breathless)  Mother?

          ACHIKA:  (looking around)  Why are you so
surprised?  You think I'd forgotten about you?

          TENCHI:  (stunned)  But you're--

          ACHIKA:  Dead, yeah.  (casual)  It's no big deal,
Tenchi.  There are lots of dead people.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (still stunned)  Uh...

     CU. ACHIKA

          ACHIKA:  You were looking at the painting, I
think.  It looks familiar, doesn't it?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (slowly collects himself)  Well, in a
way.

     HALL (table)

          TENCHI:  This is very strange.

          ACHIKA:  The painting?

          TENCHI:  No.  I mean, you don't talk to dead
people every day, you know.

          ACHIKA:  You really should, Tenchi.  We do listen.
We can't always reach you, but it never hurts to just talk,
sometimes.

          TENCHI:  Can anyone else see you?

          ACHIKA:  Well...  I suppose they can.  They might
not want to, though.  Most people just ignore the dead.

          TENCHI:  Hmm...  (looking back at the painting)

     CU. ACHIKA

          ACHIKA:  Don't worry about Sasami.  They'll keep
her busy for an hour, I'm sure.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (wistful)  You know, now that I think
about it, this painting does look familiar.  It's not the
same style, but it's... well... the same attitude as a
Laren.  It has that ineffable sense of smugness that I've
really come to hate about him.

     CU. ACHIKA

     Looking around at the painting.

          ACHIKA:  Really?  To me, it looks very sad and
lonely.  I think whoever painted this is making a desperate
cry for attention.  It seems like a muted scream.  Many
great artists are like that, if you notice.

     HALL (table)

          TENCHI:  You don't sense the anger in this
painting?

          ACHIKA:  (softly)  Well, Tenchi--sometimes anger
and love go hand-in-hand.  What looks like anger may
actually be deeply buried love or vice versa.

          TENCHI:  Hmm... (looking down)  I never thought
about it like that.

          ACHIKA:  You were never trained to, as I was.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  So, why are you here?  Did you come to
warn me not to look for this guy?

     CU. ACHIKA

          ACHIKA:  (unsure)  I'm here to help you, Tenchi. 
If you don't think it's wise, then you should turn back.  I
think you should look for him, though.  I'll do whatever I
can to help you find him.

     HALL (table)

          TENCHI:  I didn't think it was any big deal.  I
mean, I just want to meet this guy.

          ACHIKA:  This is your quest, right?  What's more
important in your life than your quest?

          TENCHI:  He's pretty tough to find, but he's just
a person.  It's not like I'm looking for the bones of
Mahavira...

     CU. ACHIKA

          ACHIKA:  (amused)  Not every quest is what it
appears, Tenchi.  You do want to find him, don't you?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (firm)  Oh yeah.  I've got to know what
makes him paint like that.  I'd be crazy not to.

     HALL (table)

          ACHIKA:  Well...  I think it's safe to say that
this man you're looking for is actually a woman.

          TENCHI:  Really?  How can you tell?

          ACHIKA:  I just know.  There are many little
things that go into any art--surely you know that, Tenchi. 
A woman leaves a different impression in the mind than a
man.

          TENCHI:  Hmm...

     CU. ACHIKA

          ACHIKA:  What I sense in this painting is
undoubtedly female.

     CU. TENCHI

     He seems about to add something, then looks around,
uncertainly.

     HALL (table)

     He is sitting alone, again.

          TENCHI:  Mother?

31   EXT. SPACE

     A huge gate floats near the preserve station.  A huge
vortex of swirling orange light swells out of the middle as
a ship just ahead of Ryo-Ohki flies through.

32   INT. RYO-OHKI

     Ayeka and Washu study a display console as Ryoko
pilots.  Ryo-Ohki complains with a soft meow, and Ryoko
scowls.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Just go in there, you 'fraidy-cat!  It's
perfectly safe.

     RYO-OHKI (near console)

     Ryo-Ohki makes a soft growl, and the crystals shudder.

          WASHU:  Ryo-Ohki is afraid of hyperspace?

          AYEKA:  She had a close call a couple years ago. 
She panicked and nearly lost the homing beacon.

          RYOKO:  Don't worry, girl.  It's just a little
wormhole.  If you lose the beacon, they have automatic
systems for tracking you, now.  There's nothing to worry
about.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  I have to say, I'm with Ryo-Ohki on this
one.  I wasn't even sure you could build a stable wormhole
in space.  The thought of leaping into one just makes my
skin crawl.

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  (stern)  If you don't go now, Ryo-Ohki,
we'll lose time and we may never find Tenchi.  You want
that?

33   EXT. SPACE

     Ryo-Ohki complains loudly as she flies into the vortex.
The vortex collapses just behind her, leaving an empty
gate.

34   EXT. OBSCURE CANTINA

     Night has descended, lit by an eery red haze on the
horizon.  Tenchi and Sasami leave the building.  Sasami is
leading him out toward the back.

35   EXT. HILLSIDE PATH

     Sasami leads Tenchi up toward the top of a hill.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  You better hurry, Tenchi.  You won't want
to miss this.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Geez.  Sasami, slow down.  I'm coming,
already.

36   EXT. HILLTOP

     Tenchi and Sasami stand at the top of a hill, as a huge
red orb appears in the sky.  It glows, faintly.

          TENCHI:  Wow.  What is that?

     Sasami giggles and looks at Tenchi quizzically.

          SASAMI:  That's our mother planet, Tenchi. 
Leo-three is a moon, after all.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (awed)  I never realized how beautiful it
was.

     CU. SASAMI

     She looks back up.

          SASAMI:  (softly)  You haven't seen the best part,
yet.  Look carefully.

     CU. TENCHI

     He frowns, scanning the sky.

          TENCHI:  I don't see anything.

     HILLTOP

     Sasami points, and little bursts of light appear to
bloom in the sky.

          SASAMI:  There.

     Tenchi looks up, and he is struck speechless.

37   EXT. SKY SHOT

     Little wisps of light burst into blooms of light, like
inverted fireworks.  The blooms of light hang in the air for
a few moments, then vanish.

38   EXT. HILLTOP

     Sasami looks down as the sky has returned to normal--
just the red haze from the planet.

          SASAMI:  Pretty, huh?

          TENCHI:  Uh...  Yeah.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  I want this moment to last forever,
Tenchi.  You know what I mean?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Yeah--  I mean, who wouldn't?  This
doesn't happen every night, does it?

     HILLTOP

          SASAMI:  Not very often.  It was pretty lucky that
we showed up just before a meteor show.

          TENCHI:  Seems that way.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Well, we should go back.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Yeah.

39   EXT. HILLSIDE PATH

     Tenchi and Sasami walk back down the path.

          SASAMI:  You've really changed, Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  What do you mean?

          SASAMI:  You're a lot more calm now.  I expected
you to be more annoyed.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  I was pretty impressed, actually.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  I don't mean the meteors, Tenchi.  I
mean, annoyed that I'm here in the first place.

     PATH

          TENCHI:  Oh.

          SASAMI:  I think a year ago, you would have gotten
mad and insisted that I return home.

          TENCHI:  Huh...  Yeah, I think you're right.

          SASAMI:  Anyway, I'm the one who's lucky.  I have
everything I ever wanted except a home.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  What do you mean?  You know you're always
welcome with me.

     CU. SASAMI

     She smiles, wryly.

          SASAMI:  You know what you're saying?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (a little slow)  Huh?

     PATH

          SASAMI:  If I told you tonight that I renounced my
name and place as a princess of Jurai, would you understand
what I mean about not having a home?

          TENCHI:  Renounce your name?  Why would you do
that?

          SASAMI:  (sigh)  Because if I kept my titles, I
could never hope to live with you, Tenchi.  You must know
this from the countless times that Ayeka has kept hinting at
it.

          TENCHI:  Really?

          SASAMI:  It's okay, Tenchi.  I know you don't
understand things like this.  I just wanted you to know what
I've decided to do.  I wanted it to be a special occassion,
and I can't think of a better time than this.

          TENCHI:  Hmm...  So, as a princess, you would be
subject to the will of the emperor.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  I am--even more so now--but I do not have
the duty of a princess.  You see?

     PATH

          TENCHI:  Uh...  No, not really.

          SASAMI:  (chuckling)  It's okay, Tenchi.  I'll
take care of the details.  I promise I'll arrange a nice big
ceremony, too.

          TENCHI:  Ceremony?  Okay, what for?

          SASAMI:  Well, I can't legally change my name
unless I marry, can I?

          TENCHI:  Marry?  Whoa!  Who do you mean?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Who do you think?  You, silly!  How else
could I live with you?  You think I want to live in constant
political pressure, like Ayeka?

     CU. TENCHI

     Starting to look worried.

          TENCHI:  Doesn't a marriage involve some kind of
ritual?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (smug)  Well, we've already had the
requisite witness, the exchange of bride price and dowry. 
You've already acceded to my wish for a home.  I just need
to verify that you can accept my new name.

     PATH

     Tenchi stops walking and looks at Sasami, very
concerned.

          TENCHI:  You know what you're doing, right?

          SASAMI:  (serious)  I'm not forcing you to do
anything, Tenchi.  Just tell me if you object to the sound
of this:  Lady Sasami Masaki, bride of Tenchi Masaki, heir
to the throne of Jurai.

          TENCHI:  (casual)  It has a nice ring to it.

          SASAMI:  You know what you're agreeing to?

          TENCHI:  (smiling)  Yeah.  Do you?

          SASAMI:  (a little stunned)  Uh, yeah.  (wistful) 
Wow.  I expected you to be upset.

     CU. TENCHI

     He starts walking down the path again.

          TENCHI:  Now, why would I be upset?  I'm really
flattered.  I find it hard to believe I know you.  I never
thought I would ever marry you.

     CU. SASAMI

     She boggles in amazement, as she follows.

          SASAMI:  This is too easy.  I must be dreaming. 
You know what a bride is, right?

     PATH

          TENCHI:  Don't be so shy, Sasami.  I know exactly
what a bride is.  Just don't expect to have a ceremony any
time soon.

          SASAMI:  (sigh)  That's okay, Tenchi.  I'm in no
hurry.  Just don't forget.

          TENCHI:  If anyone asks, I'll say it was my idea.

40   EXT. SPACE

     A huge blue vortex bursts out of the middle of a giant
gate.  Ryo-Ohki flies out of it, into space.

41   INT. RYO-OHKI

     Washu is typing at a console.

          RYOKO:  There.  You see?  It's nothing to be
afraid of, you big chicken.

          WASHU:  Four more jumps to go, Ryo-Ohki.

     Ryo-Ohki complains softly.

          RYOKO:  Leo system.  This seems like a pretty
logical stopover, don't you think?

     Washu looks up from her console.

          WASHU:  Yes, but I don't think Tenchi is here.

          AYEKA:  What makes you say that?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Well, he rented a car, but I don't see any
reservations.  He doesn't know anyone who lives here, does
he?

     CU. RYOKO

     Scowling in thought.

          RYOKO:  I can't think of anyone.

     CU. AYEKA

     She has a sudden look of apprehension.

          AYEKA:  Leo?  Why is that familiar?  Hmm...

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  It's a big banking center, Princess.  Leo
is neutral, remember.  Your daddy probably makes lots of
deposits.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (sigh)  This is no time to argue.  If
someone staged a trap, I doubt they'll sit around and wait
for him at Alpha.  We should try to find Tenchi, just to
make sure we can double-back.  The danger may be greater
than we fear.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (firm)  We should look for him here.  I'm
certain of it.

     RYO-OHKI

          RYOKO:  How are you so certain?

          AYEKA:  I just am.  I don't know how.

          WASHU:  You're just imagining things again, Ayeka.
We can't waste time on a hunch.  For all we know, Tenchi is
already caught up in something terrible.

42   INT. DINING HALL

     The obscure cantina is buzzing with soft voices. 
Tenchi, Sasami and Kimiko sit at a table.  They have an
opened bottle of something resembling champagne.  Tenchi and
Sasami have been sipping, as Kimiko drains a glass with the
casual air of barfly.

          KIMIKO:  Bang!  The bottles went flying, and
Hikaru went sprawling!  Ayeka looked around like she forgot
to tie a shoe-string, and Little Sasami was laughing.  I
tried to tell him it was totally accidental, but I don't
think he believed me at that point.  Hikaru was like, 'I'm
fed up with all your stupid pranks!  You girls are going to
pay for all this damage, or you get out!'

     Tenchi smirks as Sasami laughs.

          KIMIKO:  That was the last time I saw Hikaru get
really angry.  He's normally a very congenial person.

          SASAMI:  Ayeka has that effect on people.

          KIMIKO:  Yeah.  She was a lousy waitress, but she
was very good at mixing drinks.  We even have an old house
specialty named after her, now that I think about it.  I
remember, now--we started calling it 'foxy princess' about a
year later.

     Kimiko drains another glass, as Sasami looks at Tenchi
with concern.  Tenchi is blank, apparently mulling.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  (to Sasami)  So, I gather your plan is
working, huh?  Is Tenchi starting to come around?

     HALL

     Sasami swats Tenchi on the arm, and Tenchi flinches.

          TENCHI:  Hey!

          SASAMI:  (to Tenchi)  You idiot!

          TENCHI:  What did I do?

          SASAMI:  You weren't supposed to go along with me.
I was just goading you!

     CU. KIMIKO

     Grinning with surprise.

          KIMIKO:  Oh, wow!  You mean, he agreed to marry
you?  That's shocking.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  What?  You want to back out?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (grim)  Not on your life, Tenchi.  I made
a recording, too.  So, don't get any funny ideas.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  (laughing)  You two love-birds crack me
up!  Stop being so romantic, already!

     HALL

     Kimiko drains another glass and snorts in laughter. 
Sasami starts to look a little disconcerted, as Tenchi
frowns.

          KIMIKO:  Hey!  Busboy!  Get a bucket of water so
we can calm these two down!  They're just crazy about each
other!  No really!  They can't keep their hands off each
other!

     A few of the other patrons give Kimiko some odd looks.

43   INT. KIMIKO'S BEDROOM

     Tenchi and Sasami are lying together in a small bed,
looking exhausted.  They look at each other, as if trying to
recognize each other.  They gently embrace and kiss.

     CU. SASAMI

     Gaping with stunned amusement.

          SASAMI:  This can't be happening.  Things like
this don't just happen.  There must be a reason.

     CU. TENCHI

     Smiling and intent.

          TENCHI:  It's a little weird, but I always felt
close to you.  We do have a lot in common.

     BEDROOM

          SASAMI:  Yeah, but this is surreal.  I had no idea
this was even possible.

          TENCHI:  It feels right, though.  Don't you think?

          SASAMI:  (suddenly lucid)  This is so wrong. 
Think of how devastating this will be.  This isn't like
stealing a head ornament, Tenchi.  This has gone way farther
than that!

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  What do you mean?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (groaning)  What was I thinking?  Oh my
god, Ryoko!  How am I ever going to explain this to her?

     BEDROOM

          TENCHI:  I didn't know you two were that close.

          SASAMI:  Ryoko is like a sister to me, Tenchi.  In
many ways, we're closer than me and Ayeka.  This will
totally crush her!

          TENCHI:  I don't think so.

          SASAMI:  Huh?

          TENCHI:  Look, there was something between us at
one time, but it's over now.  There's nothing there,
anymore.  Ryoko had to realize it at some point.  She's not
dense, Sasami.  She's very sensitive to these things.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  Really?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Trust me.  Ryoko will be just fine.

44   INT. FORTRESS LARGE CHAMBER (B/W--flashback)

     Ayeka is standing at the hallway entrance, holding a
torch.  She looks up in alarm.

          AYEKA:  Sasami!

     She starts to run toward the door.  Ryoko enters the
door, just behind young Sasami.

45   INT. LONG NARROW PASSAGEWAY (B/W--flashback)

     Sasami continues on ahead as Ryoko looks around in
shock.  Ryoko starts to go forward, but a hand reaches out
and grabs her shoulder.  She spins around and sees an old
man, smiling back at her.  The old man merely makes a waving
gesture.  Ryoko vanishes, and the old man fades down through
the floor.

     Sasami stops and looks around at the door, considering
for a moment.  She then turns again and continues.

46   INT. FORTRESS LARGE CHAMBER (B/W--flashback)

     Ayeka goes to the door and pushes.  The door doesn't
budge.  She strains, then looks up.

     Tilt up to Ryoko, who is hovering cross-legged with her
back to the wall.

     CU. RYOKO

     Scowls in irritation.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  Ryoko, what are you doing?  I must get
through!

     CU. RYOKO

          RYOKO:  Then go through!  Don't look at me. 
There's nothing I can do.

47   INT. RYO-OHKI

     Yellow and violet distortions go by a few displays, as
Washu contemplates the look on Ryoko's face.

          WASHU:  (musing)  We'll catch up with them, Ryoko.
Don't worry.  Nothing will stand in our way.

     Ryoko looks somewhat impugned as she considers.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (amused)  You really should take a few
lessons in comportment, Ryoko.  Now that I'm not relying on
the link, I'm forced to read your eye movements.  It's a
little unsettling, but I think it's easier to read your mind
this way.

     CU. RYOKO

     Her eye movements make an angry gesture.

          RYOKO:  Very funny.

48   EXT. FLOATING CITY

     Mid-morning.  There is almost no traffic, as the sky
starts to turn from violet to blue.  The huge planet
overhead starts to become very indistinct.

49   EXT. CYPRIS GARDENS

     Rock paths cross through orchards, arranged in a
seemingly random fashion.  A few rows of roses embrace the
path, leading up to a brook.  Along one side of the brook is
a row of tall hedges, somewhat obscuring one side of a large
glass enclosure.  The glass enclosure is shaped like a large
cube, and the glass itself is glossed with triangular
patterns.

50   INT. GLASS ENCLOSURE

     A large group of square flower beds are arranged on one
side, a standard sixteen-by-nine assembly, with little rock
trails along their edges.  On the other side is a grassy
field with two large trees at the center.  Tiny winged
creatures are fluttering through the enclosure--some with
little edgers, some with little water-spraying cones.

     The two trees merge together with branches that form at
the base into a small throne.  At the feet of the throne are
two rows of flowers.  Above the throne, the branches come
together in one shaft and then appear to explode with leaves
in all directions--like a palm tree.  On the opposite ends
of the trees, the branches appear to hang downward, like the
wings of a large bird.

     Sitting at the throne is a young woman named Mimi--
whose beauty makes the garden look desolate in comparison.
Her statuesque features are framed by brilliant golden hair,
edged with pure white streaks.  Her skin is like polished
copper, and her eyes are the green of well-watered grass.
On her face is a warm expression, like that of sheer
ecstasy.

          MIMI:  (softly)  Finally.  I thought that sword-
swinging geek would never leave.  Now...  If I can only
figure out a way to get rid of that troublesome kid...

     She closes her eyes in apparent thought as a curious,
swirling breeze wafts through the enclosure.

     CU. MIMI

     She opens her eyes in confusion for a moment, then
looks up.

     ENCLOSURE (above)

     A flight of birds goes over the enclosure.  One of the
birds descends.

     CU. MIMI

     She sighs and looks downward.

          MIMI:  Of course...

51   EXT. GLASS ENCLOSURE

     A small rock path leads up to the side of the
enclosure.  Along one side of the path is a wide pedestal
with statuettes of Washu, Mimi and Tsunami.  The bird lands
on the head of Tsunami, carrying a small metal rattle.

     A small door slides open, and Mimi steps out.  She
looks at the bird inquisitively, and the bird shakes the
rattle in response.  The bird flies off.

     CU. MIMI

     Her eyes widen in a sudden sense of shock.

          MIMI:  Oh no...

     PATH

     A small group of doves appear, attached to a small
chariot by slender threads.  Mimi scowls and looks downward.

          MIMI:  (to herself)  If she wasn't already dead,
I'd strangle her with my bare hands.

52   INT. DINING HALL

     Tenchi is sitting at the table again, sketching on a
small pad.  He looks up at the painting and works some more
on the sketch.  Kimiko appears, staggering toward the table.
She sits with a thud, and glares across the table at
Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  Hey, Kimiko.  What's up?

          KIMIKO:  (flinching in pain)  Not so loud.  My
head is killing me.

          TENCHI:  Sorry.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  You have any idea what time it is?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Hmm...  I'm not sure how to read time
around here.  I guess I'm too used to living on Earth.

     HALL

     Kimiko rubs her temples, as Tenchi looks away from the
painting, considering.

          TENCHI:  Maybe you should try drinking sake.

          KIMIKO:  (scowling)  Fermented rice?  No thanks. 
I'd rather have a nasty hangover.

     Tenchi goes back to his sketch, as Kimiko stands
unsteadily.  Sasami enters.

          KIMIKO:  Hey there, Sasami.  Can't sleep, either?

          SASAMI:  I'd like a few words in private, if you
don't mind.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  (smiling)  No problem.  Anything for an
old friend...

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Hey, Sasami.  I'm just making some
sketches.  This painting is pretty complex.  I didn't notice
it, at first, but the detail is incredible.

     HALL

     Sasami sits just across from Tenchi.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, did we really do what I think we
did?  I'm having some trouble believing it.

          TENCHI:  (softly)  No doubt about it.  I still
have the scratches on my back to prove it.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (looking up)  I'm just a little
surprised--  uh...

     CU. SASAMI

     The emblem on her forehead is glowing.

          SASAMI:  Is something the matter?  You seem to
have lost your train of thought.  What surprised you?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Sasami?  You are Sasami, right?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (sighing)  In many ways already, Tenchi. 
But, as you can see, I still need to protect her individual
thoughts from myself.  I wish I could explain in a more
suitable way, but it is just too much.

     HALL

     Tenchi puts down his pen, considering Sasami.

          TENCHI:  Wow.  I really thought you were Sasami
there.

          SASAMI:  I still think of myself as Tsunami, at
times.  (intent)  Tenchi, do you trust me?

          TENCHI:  Trust you?

          SASAMI:  Yes.

     CU. TENCHI

     He ponders for a moment.

          TENCHI:  I can't think of a reason not to.  You
saved my life.  You showed me how to believe in myself.  You
gave Ayeka her spaceship tree again.  I trust you more than
I trust myself.  Why do you ask?

     CU. SASAMI

     Leans near Tenchi, taking his hand.

          SASAMI:  I want for us to share everything, even
our trust.  I want you to know that I trust you completely. 
I don't want us to end up the same way you did with Ryoko. 
You see what I mean?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  You want us to be happy together...

     HALL

          SASAMI:  (softly)  I don't want any silly
confusion, Tenchi.  You think about things too much, and
Ryoko is just too gullible.

          TENCHI:  (sighing)  Yeah, I do get carried away
sometimes.

          SASAMI:  (hesitant)  I... I love you...

          TENCHI:  (serious)  I love you, too.

          SASAMI:  (a little grim)  There's so much I want
to tell you.  You won't get upset, will you?

     CU. TENCHI

     He almost seems a little amused.

          TENCHI:  It's okay.  You are Sasami, right?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  No.  I'm myself.  And... I love you.  I
can't stop thinking about you.  I don't want to share you
with Sasami, either.

     HALL

          TENCHI:  Oh.  (he ponders for a moment)  It's a
little bizarre, but I think Sasami would understand.

          SASAMI:  Huh?

          TENCHI:  She is becoming you, right?

          SASAMI:  Well...  (annoyed)  You're doing it
again.

          TENCHI:  What?  Oh, sorry.  Well, I trust you. 
Whatever you want, I'll do it.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (fretting)  I...  (very grim)  Oh, hell. 
I can't say this out loud.

     HALL

     Sasami's hands tremble as she picks up the pad and
flips to another page.  She takes the pen and writes
something down.  Tenchi looks at it briefly, his eyes
widening in shock.  Sasami tears the page out and flicks it
up.  The paper then bursts into flame and blows away in a
puff of smoke.

          TENCHI:  I see.

          SASAMI:  You do?

          TENCHI:  What are you so afraid of?  I'm not going
to hurt you.  I couldn't live with myself if I did.

     CU. SASAMI

     She frowns, as if swallowing an ice cube.

     HALL

     Sasami takes Tenchi by the hand and leads him toward
the hallway.  Kimiko looks up from the bar, slowly.

          KIMIKO:  Hey!  You guys better change the sheets
tomorrow morning!  Don't expect me to do it!

     CU. KIMIKO

     She scowls a bit and rubs her temples again.

          KIMIKO:  (to herself)  This is getting very
depressing.  Is all this really necessary?  (she pauses for
a moment, as if hearing a reply)  Oh, all right. 
(contralto)  Yeah--I know.  'Just shut up, Kimiko.'

53   EXT. TOWER OF THEMIS

     A tall slender tower rises up from a manicured lawn,
framed with narrow paths leading one way and another to a
forest.

54   INT. MAIN TOWER HALL

     The room is filled with ornate mirrors, windows and
elaborate balconies.  Four sets of stairs curve up into the
balconies.  The balconies have several rows of benches, and
are lined with paintings.  At one end of the hall is a huge
door.  At the other end is a group of thrones--a tall one
between two short ones.

     At the center of the floor is a stretcher held up by
four short, centaur-like creatures.  Two red-robed figures
stand near the stretcher--the first one is inscribing some
strange symbols in a small book.  On the stretcher lies the
pale form of Tsunami, bloody and still.

     Sitting up in a bench at a balcony is Araya, who still
looks very stunned.

     CU. ARAYA

     She looks down for a moment, then back up, as if making
sure her vision is functioning.

     HALL

     Mimi enters, looking straight at the center of the
room.  She marches lightly to the stretcher.

     CU. MIMI

          MIMI:  Can't you at least clean up the blood? 
This is sickening.

     HALL

     The first robed figure looks at Mimi for a moment, then
back at the figure of Tsunami.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Your concern is touching, lady. 
I'll try to make the body as presentable as possible.

          MIMI:  I didn't mean to be morbid, sir.  I just
can't believe this is happening.  She can't be dead.  How
will I ever explain this?

          FIRST FIGURE:  (sighing)  Lady, it is not my place
to say.  I can only assure you that we did everything
possible.  The wounds and the loss of blood were just too
severe.  I am very sorry for your loss.

     CU. MIMI

     Actually starting to look sad.

          MIMI:  No!  There must be something you can do!

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

     A little annoyed, but very calm.

          FIRST FIGURE:  I'm sorry, but--as I just said--we
did everything we could do.

     HALL

     The second robed figure pats Mimi, sympathetically. 
Mimi starts to cry and hugs the second figure.

          SECOND FIGURE:  There, there.  We all must die,
someday.  This is nature's common theme.

          MIMI:  (somewhat muted by the robe)  Not like
this!  This is terrible!

     CU. ARAYA

     She looks down again, and starts to cry.

     HALL

     Alepios--a young man with dark hair and similar
features as Araya--enters.  He looks around, somewhat
confused, and walks toward the center.

          ALEPIOS:  (casual)  What's all this about?  Why
are you all crying?

     Mimi looks up in shock and pulls away from the second
figure very quickly.  She wipes her face while scowling.

          MIMI:  Oh!  You servant boy!  Leave us alone! 
Can't you see my sister is lying dead, here?

     CU. ALEPIOS

          ALEPIOS:  (calm and curious)  Dead?  Really?

     CU. MIMI

          MIMI:  (furious)  Yes, dead!  And whoever is
responsible for this outrage will pay dearly!  Of that, I
swear by the father of my ancestors!

     HALL

     Alepios strolls to the stretcher casually and looks
down at the figure of Tsunami.

          MIMI:  (stiff)  What do you think you're doing?

     CU. ALEPIOS

     A look of shock crosses his face, and he closes his
eyes briefly, sighing.

     CU. MIMI

     Her face is contorted with grief and anger.

          MIMI:  I said, what do you think you are doing,
servant boy?

     CU. ALEPIOS

          ALEPIOS:  (annoyed)  Just checking.  It is as I
thought.  You are all wasting your grief.

     HALL

     Mimi goes to Alepios and reaches out, nearly taking his
arm.  He turns and glares at her.

          ALEPIOS:  Just stop it, already.  She'll be fine.

          MIMI:  (fearfully)  What?

          FIRST FIGURE:  Young man, you don't know what
you're saying.  Leave medicine to the experts.  Trust me,
she is quite dead.

     CU. ALEPIOS

     Alepios turns and glares at the robed figures.  His
face turns dark with anger.

          ALEPIOS:  Get out of here, you useless vermin!  Do
it!  Now!

     CU. FIRST FIGURE

     He looks taken aback for a moment.

     HALL

     The first robed figure stiffly walks from the room,
followed shortly by the second.  Araya gets up from her
bench and goes to a stair.  Alepios watches as the figures
leave, then looks back at Tsunami.

          MIMI:  (hardly daring to hope)  Have you gone
insane, Alepios?  Just look at her!

     CU. ALEPIOS

     He looks down at Tsunami very sadly and rolls his eyes.

     HALL

     Alepios places a hand on Tsunami's head for a moment,
then takes it away again.  He turns and stands back, folding
his arms.

     CU. TSUNAMI

     Suddenly healed again, she slowly stirs, as if waking.

          TSUNAMI:  (softly)  Oh boy, did I have a bad
dream...

     CU. ARAYA

     She looks completely stunned.

     CU. MIMI

     She is trembling in fear and shock.

          MIMI:  Uh...

     CU. ALEPIOS

          ALEPIOS:  (very calm)  You see?

55   EXT. SPACE

     A huge blue vortex bursts out of the middle of a giant
gate.  Ryo-Ohki flies out of it, into space.  Just as the
vortex disappears, a huge burst of light rocks Ryo-Ohki. 
Several large warships appear and begin blasting away with
lasers.

56   INT. RYO-OHKI

     Ryoko is looking around in confusion, as Washu's eyes
widen in shock.  Ayeka looks at Ryoko in alarm.

          AYEKA:  We've been ambushed!  It's a mine field!

     CU. WASHU

     Rolling her eyes.

          WASHU:  (softly)  Brilliant deduction.

     CU. RYOKO

     Looking around at Washu.

          RYOKO:  Keep firing back, Ryo-Ohki!  Washu, I
thought this trap you were afraid of was meant for Tenchi. 
Why are they firing at us?

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  (sighing)  Tenchi was just the bait,
Ryoko.  The trap was meant for me.  (groaning)  And I fell
right into it.  I am such an idiot!

57   INT. DINING HALL

     A few other patrons are sitting at the bar having a
small meal in the morning light.  Tenchi is sitting at the
table again, sketching in his pad.  He looks thoughtfully at
the pad and rips the page out.  He starts over on another
page.  Kimiko appears, looking fairly disheveled--calmly so,
as if she had spent hours getting that look just right.  She
sits next to Tenchi and looks at the pad.

          KIMIKO:  Any luck?

          TENCHI:  I'm afraid not.  I don't think I'm ever
going to figure this out.  My sketches just don't... soar
like the original does.

     CU. KIMIKO

     She flinches a bit, as if suddenly smelling something
nasty.

          KIMIKO:  Why do you bother?

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (casual)  Well, everybody needs a hobby.

     HALL

     Sasami enters and sits next to him on the other side.

          SASAMI:  Here we are again.

          TENCHI:  Yes.  We keep ending up back here.  I
wonder why that is.

     Kimiko seems a little amused.

          KIMIKO:  We need to stop meeting like this.

     CU. SASAMI

     She looks carefully around at Kimiko for a moment.

          SASAMI:  Thanks for the room, Kimiko.  We didn't
want to put you to any trouble.

     CU. KIMIKO

          KIMIKO:  It was no trouble, Sasami.  It's been a
while since I used the old bedroll.  I like to reminisce
with old friends every now and then.  Anyway, those
bedsprings haven't had a workout in a while, either.

     HALL

     Sasami gapes in shock, as Tenchi scowls--a little
mortified.  Kimiko considers them for a moment and laughs.

          KIMIKO:  Honestly!

     Kimiko gets up again and goes into the kitchen.

          SASAMI:  There's something very wrong with that
girl.

          TENCHI:  Just one thing?

     CU. SASAMI

     She sighs and leans over, taking Tenchi's hand.

          SASAMI:  Tenchi, before you say anything, I want
you to know that I'm not upset about what happened last
night.  A lot of things were said that I'm sure we never
meant.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  Oh?

     HALL

          SASAMI:  Yeah.  I wouldn't hold it against you if
you just forgot the whole thing.  I won't hold anything over
you, if you don't want me to.

          TENCHI:  I don't think I could do that.  I like
being married--it makes everything seem complete.  I want to
do so much for us, now.

          SASAMI:  You realize that you're not just marrying
me.  It's really more like you're marrying both me and
Tsunami.

          TENCHI:  (subdued)  Now, that's surreal.  I don't
even want to think about that.

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (a little amused)  It wasn't her idea to
sleep with you, either.  That was my idea.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  You did that?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  You don't think she would ever have told
you how she really felt, without my urging her?

     HALL

          TENCHI:  Now that you mention it, she didn't
really seem to have her heart in it, at first.

          SASAMI:  She's like a child, actually.

     CU. TENCHI

     He looks at his pad and starts to draw again.

          TENCHI:  So, how did you end up on my cruiser in
the first place?  You ever figure that out?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (softly)  Well, Tsunami has been pouring
her memories into me--ever since that tattoo you showed me. 
I'm not exactly sure why, but it triggered something in her.
I thought it was sweet, but she became restless and
dejected.  I think she finally realized how strongly she
felt about you.

     CU. TENCHI

          TENCHI:  (matter-of-factly)  I thought she might
have had a thing for me, ever since she saved me from
Kagato.

     HALL

          SASAMI:  Well, ever since she first saw Little
Taro...

          TENCHI:  Huh?

     CU. SASAMI

          SASAMI:  (amused)  It's strange, but I can't help
thinking that we've forgotten something...

58   INT. APARTMENT MAIN ROOM

     Mihoshi is sitting in the recliner, trying to watch the
TV.  She looks around, curiously, then back at the TV.

          MIHOSHI:  (to herself)  Geez...  I wonder where
they could be?

59   EXT. OBSCURE PLANET

60   INT. TENT

     Ryoko, Ayeka, Washu and Ryo-Ohki are sitting in a tent
around a small heater, shivering.  Ryo-Ohki is severely
bandaged, and Ayeka has a constant look of sneering
contempt.

          WASHU:  Well, I just set up the distress signal. 
Hopefully, this planet isn't too far out of the way.

          RYOKO:  Yeah.  And hopefully, those pirates we
blasted weren't waiting for reinforcements.  I'm not sure we
could hold any more off.

     CU. WASHU

          WASHU:  Hey, Ryoko.  Have a little faith in me!  I
am your mom, you know.

     CU. AYEKA

          AYEKA:  (mimicking Ryoko)  Thanks a lot, Mom!

THE END

