[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima. This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

PREVIEW:

Tenchi is moonstruck.  His problem is that the girls are too
much for him.  What's a poor boy to do?  Risk a love
triangle?  Sweep one off her feet and the others become
jealous--heartbroken.

Don't worry, though.  True love awaits Tenchi.  The game of
love is going to knock him head over heels.  It's a romance
to make any Tenchi-lover swoon with envy.  The only catch is
that it's just a half-truth.  Fate likes to tease Tenchi and
the girls.

Does Tenchi have a soul mate?  Are stardust dreams just
fantasy for our hero?  Will Tenchi finally have chemistry or
just find the other woman?  Stop flirting around with other
Tenchi sagas, and discover that Tenchi is...

KNEE-DEEP IN LOVE:

1  KNEE-DEEP IN KARMA

   Ryoko breaks new ground as Ayeka battles fate.

2  KNEE-DEEP IN SAKE

   Tenchi is becoming big trouble for the ladies.

3  KNEE-DEEP IN HARMONY

   Ryoko battles reality as things get tense.

NOTES:

Originally posted on ForeverTenchiFanFiction@egroups.com

Everything is in script format for this saga--mainly so I
could concentrate on working the action and the dialog.  I'd
prefer to work out the exposition a little later.

The style of this saga is elliptical--less playful and
serene than the original OVA stories, but pretty close to
the first three episodes of the OVA, in particular.

Things get complicated in the AFS, when the alchemist gets
involved.  The second trilogy resolves a few questions, but
the real resolution takes place in the third trilogy.

There's a series between the first two trilogies, but I've
only finished three of the episodes so far.

If I'm feeling particularly masochistic, I might try to
compose another three trilogies.  I already have a few ideas
for a fourth trilogy, but it'll have to wait for a while.

SAGA OUTLINE:

A  Knee-Deep In Love

   1  Knee-Deep In Karma

   2  Knee-Deep In Sake

   3  Knee-Deep In Harmony

B  AFS (Ancient Fortress Silliness) Series

    1 Dream Silliness

   15 Silly Lessons

   25 Silly Riddles

C  Tenchi Till the Cows Come Home

   1  Stowed Away

   2  Shipwrecked

   3  The Cat's-Paw

D  Dying For a Laugh

   1  Dying For a Piece of the Action

   2  Dying For a Little Intrigue

   3  Dying For an Explanation


