
Author:   Mike Fenton <mpfenton@hotmail.com>
Title:    AFS #2 (PATRIOTIC SILLINESS)
Notes:    Regular (OVA), script format
Summary:  A Beta version of Tenchi's fortress problem.

[Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the
property of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc. and was created by
Masaki Kajishima.  This story comes entirely from my
imagination, and is strictly intended to be apocryphal--so
please don't sue me.]

1    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Night sky.  Clouds drift past a full moon.

2    INT. MAIN HALL (sofa)

     Tenchi is writing.  Ayeka is sitting next to him,
reading a book.  Tenchi looks up, lost in thought.

          TENCHI:  Man, I can't get this strange impression
out of my head.

          AYEKA:  Hmm...

          TENCHI:  (a little startled)  Oh, uh...  Sorry, I
was just thinking out loud.

          AYEKA:  It's nothing to be sorry about, Lord
Tenchi.  I suspect you're thinking about Ryoko.

     Tenchi looks a little uncomfortable, chuckling
nervously.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko?  Why do you say that?

          AYEKA:  It's quite simple, really.  Anytime I get
confused, I simply reflect and it is inevitable.  That
devil-woman is nothing but trouble.  You mark my words, Lord
Tenchi.  She'll get you killed, one of these days.

          TENCHI:  (a little shocked)  Ayeka, I was just
worried about her.

          AYEKA:  What for?  You think she might still be
upset?

          TENCHI:  (blankly confused)  Upset?  About what?

          AYEKA:  About becoming your lover and then having
to face your scorn.  I know that would cause me nothing but
grief.  Really, Tenchi.  Your memory can be very dim, at
times.

     Tenchi stands, alarmed.

          TENCHI:  Oh my god!  I remember, now.  Ryoko's
split personality.

          AYEKA:  (a little amused)  Split personality?
Surely, you are jesting...

     Tenchi turns and looks at Ayeka curiously.

          TENCHI:  Huh?

          AYEKA:  Ryoko has never had a split personality,
Lord Tenchi.  You know that.

          TENCHI:  What the hell?  Didn't you notice?

          AYEKA:  (annoyed)  I certainly did.  I couldn't
help but notice the shameful way you kept leading her
around.  I was so embarrassed.

          TENCHI:  Leading her around?

          AYEKA:  (smiling)  Like a seasoned courtier.  It
was quite amusing, actually.

     Tenchi is irritated, and he glares at Ayeka, scolding
her.

          TENCHI:  You're not making sense, Ayeka.  You know
very well Ryoko suffered a split personality.

          AYEKA:  Really?  How strange.  I remember it quite
clearly.  Let me think...  (pondering for a moment)  Ah,
yes.  You were kissing her--right here, in fact.

     Tenchi looks incredulous, sitting next to Ayeka again.

          TENCHI:  Here?

          AYEKA:  Yes.  Indeed.

          TENCHI:  (introspective)  Why do I keep doing this
to myself?  (annoyed)  Is this the kind of thing you do all
the time, Ayeka?

          AYEKA:  Thing?  You think I'm making this up?
(angry)  I thought your feelings for me were plain.

          TENCHI:  (startled)  Feelings?

          AYEKA:  (upset)  Of course!  Don't tell me you've
forgotten that, as well!

     Scratching his head.

          TENCHI:  (scowling)  I must be dreaming.

          AYEKA:  Don't give me that!  I had determined to
be rid of you, once and for all.  I began an excursion home
and then you blocked my way.

     Tenchi looks very skeptical.

          AYEKA:  Ryoko was quite upset--that much I can say
for sure.  How Ryo-Ohki was able to catch up with the
cruiser, I cannot say.

     Tenchi is half-convinced that he's dreaming.

          TENCHI:  That never happened.

     Ayeka closes the book and sighs, taking up the book in
one arm.

          AYEKA:  (softly)  You are such a tease, Tenchi.
Come on, don't keep playing games with me.

          TENCHI:  Ayeka--

          AYEKA:  (sweetly)  Don't be harsh, my love.
You'll wake the baby.

     Tenchi is wide-eyed with shock.

          TENCHI:  Baby?

     Ayeka is suddenly holding a baby in her arms.

          AYEKA:  Little Yosho is such an angel when he's
asleep, but you know how he gets when he wakes up...

     Tenchi reels in shock.

3    INT. TENCHI'S BEDROOM

     Tenchi awakens, reflexively looking around.

          TENCHI:  Geez!  What a dream.  I need a drink.

4    INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka is sitting at the table, holding a cup.  She
turns in alarm as the door opens.

          AYEKA:  Oh!  (softly)  I thought you would be
asleep, Lord Tenchi.

     Tenchi pauses for a moment, then begins to turn toward
the kitchen again.

          AYEKA:  Tenchi, would you like to share a drink
with me?

          TENCHI:  Uh...  No, that's okay.  I was just
looking for something--

          AYEKA:  (casual)  It's quite all right, Tenchi.
You go on back to bed.  You need your rest.

          TENCHI:  (hesitant, nervous)  Hmm...  You know, I
think I will share a drink.

          AYEKA:  (a little surprised)  Really?

     Tenchi sits next to her at the table.

          TENCHI:  Yeah, but don't go crazy.  I'm still a
kid, you know.

     Ayeka smiles indulgently as she pours sake for Tenchi.

          AYEKA:  What an amusing notion.  I never lose
control, my love--

     Tenchi looks a little shocked, and Ayeka is suddenly
blushing, a little mortified.

          AYEKA:  I-I mean, Lord Tenchi...  (softly)  Oh
my...

     Ryoko suddenly appears, looking amused.

          RYOKO:  Hey, Princess.  Are you flirting with my
Tenchi again?

          AYEKA:  (upset)  Certainly not!

     Ryoko sits between them, watching as Tenchi lifts the
cup, sipping gently.

          RYOKO:  Hey, Tenchi.  That's not how you drink
sake!  (pouring)  Let me show you how to do that properly.

     Tenchi glares at Ryoko for a moment, then looks at
Ayeka somewhat questioningly.

     Ayeka rolls her eyes.

5    TITLE:  "EPISODE 2:  PATRIOTIC SILLINESS"

6    EXT. NEARBY HILL

     A figure is sitting alone on a hill, dressed in thick
clothing--despite the warm weather.  It is hunched over
something.

     Sasami approaches cautiously.

          SASAMI:  Hey...  Who are you?

     The figure is a woman wearing a hooded raincoat and
dark gloves--she looks around in faint confusion.  (The
woman seems of ordinary build, soft features, and light,
reddish hair.  Her face is vaguely piscine--large, delicate
eyes.  Her demeanor at once evokes a sense of languid
ruthlessness and brash agitation.)

          FIGURE:  Oh dear, I seem to have encountered a
native.  How dreadful.

     Sasami gasps, stops and considers.

          SASAMI:  An alien!  Are you from Australia?

     The woman stands, looking down at Sasami.

          FIGURE:  Oh!  You speak my language!  What a
relief.  Oh...  Uh, no.  I mean, I am from England.  Wales,
to be precise.

          SASAMI:  Oh...  What are you doing out here?

          FIGURE:  I was sketching, actually.  I'm an
artist.  I was told that this place is about as far from
civilization as anything, but I was obviously told wrong.

          SASAMI:  An artist?  That sounds exciting.

          FIGURE:  (amused)  Oh, heavens no.  It is awfully
dull.  I often wish I had gone into coal mining.

          SASAMI:  (smiling, very pleased)  My name is
Sasami.  Who are you?

     The figure is briefly confused, then a little
mortified.

          FIGURE:  Collins.  Samantha Mary Collins of
Caernarvonshire.  I'm afraid it is a bit of a mouthful.  My
friends usually just call me Sammy.

     Sasami is curious, still a little cautious.

          SASAMI:  What are you sketching?  Scenery?

          FIGURE:  My own hand, actually.  Uh...  If you
don't mind, I would prefer to keep this work private.

     Tenchi is approaching, Ayeka and Ryoko staggering
shortly behind.

          SASAMI:  Why is that?  You haven't finished yet?

          FIGURE:  No.  I'm just awfully shy.  I hate to
share my work.

          SASAMI:  Then why are you an artist?

          FIGURE:  Well--

          TENCHI:  Sasami?  What are you doing up so late?
You know it's the middle of the night.

          SASAMI:  I found a visitor.  She's from England.

          TENCHI:  England?  (turning to the figure)  Hello.
How do you do?  I'm Tenchi.

          FIGURE:  You speak my language, as well?

          AYEKA:  Of course, we do.  We know all the
primitive tongues of this world.

     Ryoko, however, looks very confused.

          RYOKO:  What the hell are all of you babbling
about?

     Tenchi seems a little embarrassed.

          AYEKA:  Oh!  Except Ryoko, of course.

          RYOKO:  (a little indignant)  That was an insult.
I just know it.

     The woman looks around and then back at her sketch pad.

          FIGURE:  Hello.  Sorry if I'm being rude, but I
was told this place was completely isolated.

          SASAMI:  She's an artist.  Samantha Collins.

          AYEKA:  Then what are you doing out here?  This is
private property, you know.

          FIGURE:  Actually, I was told that everything from
here to the shrine is public land.  The shrine itself is
owned by an old man of the Masaki clan, if I remember
correctly.

          TENCHI:  (chuckling nervously)  That's my name.
Masaki, that is.

          FIGURE:  Oh.  Oh, I see.

          RYOKO:  What are you all saying?  I can't get a
word of it.

          SASAMI:  (to Ryoko)  The lady's an artist from
England.  She's just sketching something.

          TENCHI:  An artist?  (to the figure)  Aren't you
cold out here?  It's pretty dark.  You need a light?

     The woman sighs, annoyed.

          FIGURE:  No, thank you.  I just need to be left
alone, if you don't mind.

          TENCHI:  Please.  You really should come in after
dark.  I'd hate to leave someone alone up here.

     Ayeka glances at Tenchi curiously.

          AYEKA:  Yes.  Otherwise, we'll do nothing but
distract you.  I know you wouldn't want that, now would you?

     The figure is briefly annoyed, then smiles nicely.

          FIGURE:  No, that would be tragic.  Sorry.  I'm
afraid I am rather rude.  (putting the pad in a pocket)  I
shall just have to incline, I suppose.  It's the only polite
thing to do.

7    INT. MAIN HALL

     Mihoshi is sitting at the table drinking, as Ayeka,
Ryoko, Tenchi and Samantha enter.

          AYEKA:  So, what do you think of the house?

          SAMANTHA:  You mind an honest opinion?

          TENCHI:  No.  Please.  What do you think?

     Ryoko is very bored and annoyed.

          SAMANTHA:  Appalling.  Simply awful.  How can you
stand to live here?

          AYEKA:  You think so?

          SAMANTHA:  Well, it has a certain rustic charm,
but the design is all wrong.  I mean, really!

     Tenchi sighs, somewhat indulgent.

          SAMANTHA:  Hallways, walkways, stairs, balconies,
hanging lights--!  Oh!  Who designed this place?

          TENCHI:  My father.

          AYEKA:  There are hallways and stairs in England,
aren't there, Samantha?

     Mihoshi looks on, curiously, as Samantha looks around
again.

          SAMANTHA:  Yes, but not so many all in one place.
Oh!  This is so disorienting...  (seeing Mihoshi)  Oh!

          MIHOSHI:  Hello.

          SAMANTHA:  Oh my!  Another one?

          TENCHI:  Mihoshi, this is Samantha Collins.  She's
an artist from England.

          MIHOSHI:  Hi!  I'm--

          SAMANTHA:  Is that all?  I should be getting back
to my lodgings.  I don't think this is working out at all.

     Mihoshi looks around lamely at Tenchi and Ayeka as
Ryoko glares out a window, and Ayeka folds her arms, a
little irritated.  Tenchi chuckles and makes a generous
gesture.

          TENCHI:  Well, if you have to leave, I understand,
but I wish you could stay a little longer.

          AYEKA:  (to Tenchi, softly)  Really?

          SAMANTHA:  (very stiff)  No, I simply must be
about my business.  This will never do.

     She gets up and starts to say something when the wrist-
band starts beeping at her.

          MIHOSHI:  Oh my!  (looking at her wrist, briefly)

          TENCHI:  What is it, Mihoshi?

          MIHOSHI:  I need to report in.  Something about a
full-scale investigation...

     Samantha watches, curiously, as Mihoshi takes her
control cube and twists it.  Mihoshi flickers, reappears in
her uniform for a moment, then promptly vanishes.

          SAMANTHA:  Uh--

          RYOKO:  Are we all done yet?  I wanted to get
back--

          TENCHI:  Ryoko.  You're in no condition to be
wandering around.  It's getting a little too late to be
looking around--

          AYEKA:  (a little alarmed)  Samantha, it was a
pleasure, to be sure.  Please come again, soon.  I hope you
are not offended, but we must all turn in.  Isn't that
right, Tenchi?

          TENCHI:  (confused)  Huh?

          AYEKA:  I said, we should be going to sleep, soon.
Isn't that right?

          SAMANTHA:  (still a little shocked)  Did you see
that?

     Ryoko glares at Ayeka.

          RYOKO:  There's something going on here.  Tenchi,
are you trying to get Ayeka to sleep with you?

          TENCHI:  Ryoko!  We're just trying to be polite!
We have a guest, you know.

     Ryoko pouts for a moment, then scowls.

          RYOKO:  So you say!  I don't believe a word of it.

     Tenchi seems about to continue, as Ryoko flickers and
vanishes in a huff.  Samantha watches in growing horror.

          SAMANTHA:  Oh dear!  I think someone should
really--

          AYEKA:  It's all right, Samantha.  There's really
nothing to be alarmed about.  Everyone here is harmless.

          SAMANTHA:  But, the-- uh--

     Tenchi chuckles again, wryly amused.

          TENCHI:  No, really.  It's pretty strange, but you
get used to it.

          AYEKA:  Yes.  Nothing to be alarmed about.

     Azaka and Kamidake promptly appear, moving toward
Ayeka.

          KAMIDAKE:  Your Highness, please take cover!

     Ayeka is suddenly wide-eyed in shock.

8    EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Three huge lights descend from the sky, making a
thunderous roar as they fall to the ground.  A huge cloud of
dust billows all around.

9    INT. MAIN HALL

     The walls tremble for a moment, and then the windows
shatter just before a monstrous explosion thunders through
the air.  One of the largest shards of glass narrowly
misses Samantha, cutting a rather ugly gash in the floor a
few inches from her.  Azaka and Kamidake stand near Tenchi
and Ayeka.

     Samantha looks up, trembling, as Ayeka releases the
spherical force field from around herself and Tenchi.

          TENCHI:  Are you all right, Samantha?

          SAMANTHA:  Quite all right, in fact.

     Samantha gets up quickly and looks out the window.

          AYEKA:  I could have used a bit more warning.

          KAMIDAKE:  Sorry, Highness.  We came as soon as we
could.

          SAMANTHA:  (a little upset)  Just what the bloody
hell is going on around here?!

     Tenchi scratches his head.

          TENCHI:  (muttering)  Boy, I sure wish I knew.

     Ryo-Ohki appears, child-form, and looks around at
Samantha.

          SAMANTHA:  Oh, my word!

          RYO-OHKI:  (just managing)  Australian?

          TENCHI:  No, Ryo-Ohki.  The lady's from England.

          SAMANTHA:  Uh--

          AYEKA:  Now, Ryo-Ohki.  Let's be nice.  She's a
foreigner.  How do we greet foreigners?

     Ryo-Ohki thinks for a moment, then bows, very nicely.

     Samantha scowls with confusion for a moment, then
promptly faints, face-first.

10   INT. WEST HALL

     A figure in a strange military uniform is skulking
through the hall.  He pauses for a moment in thought, then
enters Tenchi's room.

     Ayeka and Tenchi walk past (in the east hall) carrying
Samantha between them.

11   INT. EAST HALL

     Tenchi pauses for a moment to catch his breath.

          TENCHI:  Boy, she's heavier than she looks.

          AYEKA:  I smell something, Tenchi.  I think she
was drinking whiskey.

          TENCHI:  (nonplussed)  Whiskey?  How do you know
that?

     Ayeka is holding a small silver flask.

          AYEKA:  Just a hunch.

     They continue down the hall.

          TENCHI:  She'll be out for a while.  We'd better
keep an eye on her, though.

          AYEKA:  Yes.  You never know about these artists.

          TENCHI:  You have something against artists?

          AYEKA:  No, but they can be notoriously
capricious.  Better to be safe.

     They enter Ayeka's room and drag Samantha in with them.

12   INT. SOUTH HALL

     Ryoko appears for a moment, looks around and promptly
vanishes.  Another figure appears, cloaked in a strange
robe.  He skulks up the stairs, heading straight for
Noboyuki's room.

13   INT. EAST HALL

     Tenchi opens the door and exits, Ayeka close behind.

          AYEKA:  Tenchi, don't leave us alone with a
strange woman!

          TENCHI:  Just getting some fresh air.  I think
you're right, Ayeka.  That whiskey leaves some kind of
bizarre smell, all right.

          AYEKA:  Don't you find it peculiar that this woman
turned up right before some odd attack on us?  I'd feel
safer if we were all together.

          TENCHI:  Just let the guardians handle it...

          AYEKA:  Azaka and Kamidake are guarding the house,
Tenchi.  I can't spare them to help look after strangers.

     Tenchi sighs, somewhat annoyed.

          TENCHI:  All right, but we're going to sort all
this out in the morning.

     Tenchi and Ayeka go back into Ayeka's room, just as
the figure in Noboyuki's room emerges again.

          FIGURE:  (softly)  I knew it.  Just where I
suspected.  (looking around)  Oh boy, voices--  I'd better
get going!

     The figure takes out a curious boxy device and hits a
switch.  He flickers and vanishes.

14   INT. WEST HALL

     The figure in the military uniform emerges from
Tenchi's room, looking annoyed.

          FIGURE:  Damn diplomats.  One stupid wild goose
chase after another.  I'll bet this is nothing, again.

     He skulks into the east hallway, heading toward
Noboyuki's room.  Ryoko appears a moment later, looking
around, very irritated.

          RYOKO:  Tenchi?  (under her breath)  Where did he
disappear to?

15   INT. EAST HALL

     The figure in the military uniform enters Noboyuki's
room, just as Ryoko enters the hall.

          RYOKO:  He didn't go back to bed already, did he?

     Ryoko flickers and vanishes from the hall.

16   INT. AYEKA'S BEDROOM

     Samantha is lying in a futon, looking up, as Ayeka and
Sasami look on.  Tenchi is sitting with his back to the door--
arms folded--looking fairly irritated.

          SAMANTHA:  Oh!  Hello?  What am I doing here?

          SASAMI:  You passed out.

          AYEKA:  Yes.  We thought you'd be out all night.

          SAMANTHA:  Oh!  Well, thank you very much, but I
really need to be on my way.

     Samantha starts to sit up.

          AYEKA:  I don't think that's a good idea,
Samantha.  It's not entirely safe outside, right now.

          SASAMI:  We'll be safe in here, right Tenchi?

          TENCHI:  (not very enthusiastic)  Oh, sure.  Yeah.

          SAMANTHA:  Safe?  What's going on around here?
Did I really see that blonde woman vanish and that other
curious creature--

          AYEKA:  (indulgently)  There's no need for alarm,
Samantha.  It is as I said before.  Everyone here is
harmless.

     Samantha flinches in anticipation.

          SASAMI:  (amused)  You're funny.  We have lots of
strange visitors all the time.  It's nothing, really.

          TENCHI:  Okay, Sasami.  Let's all just get some
sleep.  I'm sure Samantha is pretty worn out.

     Ayeka brandishes the flask.

          AYEKA:  Yes, and I would have guessed that this
would have kept you out.  You must not be much of a
teetotaler.

     Samantha is indignant, almost snarling.

          SAMANTHA:  I'm not a bloody yank!  We civilized
creatures have a thing called moderation, you know.

     Samantha folds her arms and lays back.  Sasami looks at
the flask, curiously.

          SASAMI:  What is that?

          AYEKA:  Nothing you need to be concerned with,
child.

          SASAMI:  Is that what smells in here?

          AYEKA:  Yes.  That, and our strange friend here.

     Samantha sits up, a little outraged.  She reaches
around and snatches the flask.

          SAMANTHA:  How insulting!  I happen to know every
word you're saying!

          AYEKA:  (a little embarrassed)  Oh my!

     Tenchi briefly grins, as Sasami chuckles.

          SASAMI:  You can speak Japanese, too?

          SAMANTHA:  Enough to know that I'm not welcome
here.  (getting up)  Out of my way, boy.  I'm leaving.

17   INT. EAST HALL

     A figure in a sloppily-worn uniform appears and opens
the door to Ayeka's bedroom.  (The figure is a man with
sharp features--distinctive cheeks and brows.  He seems
lightly mercurial and plaintively magnetic--a man given to
as much clownish fumbling as courageous directing.  His
boyish features clash with his darkening aspect.)

          FIGURE:  Where are you hiding that flag?

18   INT. AYEKA'S BEDROOM

     Azaka and Kamidake promptly appear, moving just behind
Samantha, as she confronts the figure, slapping him in the
face.

          SAMANTHA:  Out of my way, you pervert!

     Samantha exits, stiffly clinging to a bit of dignity.

          AZAKA:  It's the intruder, your Highness.  We
followed him here.

          AYEKA:  Good work, Azaka.  Take this rude man
downstairs.  We'll show him the proper welcome for unwanted
visitors.

          TENCHI:  Uh--

          AYEKA:  (looking around)  Lord Tenchi, you and
Sasami should wait up here.  I want to ask our impertinent
friend a few questions, and it might turn a little
unpleasant.

19   INT. WEST HALLWAY

     Samantha looks around, trying find her bearings.

          SAMANTHA:  What kind of lunatic designs a house
with three sets of hallways?  (looking up)  Oh dear!

     Ryoko appears in a flash.

          RYOKO:  You!  Where's my Tenchi?

          SAMANTHA:  (briefly translating)  Oh, the boy was
in that room, last I saw.

     Ryoko seethes in anger for a moment.

          RYOKO:  I knew it!  That princess just can't keep
her hands off him!

     Ryoko turns, about to leave, then turns again, as
Samantha starts down the steps toward the west landing.

          RYOKO:  Uh--  Oh, never mind.

     Ryoko flickers and vanishes.

20   INT. MAIN HALL (balcony)

     Samantha enters, looking down briefly as Azaka and
Kamidake appear with the figure dressed in the sloppily-worn
uniform.  She nearly bumps into Ayeka--who is striding,
purposeful.

          AYEKA:  Oh!  Excuse me.

     Samantha stops and watches as Ayeka continues down the
stairs.

          SAMANTHA:  (muttering)  This place is a madhouse.

21   INT. AYEKA'S ROOM

     Tenchi is leaning next to the door, as Sasami looks up
at him, a little wide-eyed.

          TENCHI:  Stay here, Sasami.  I'm worried.  You
know how Ayeka likes to overreact.

          SASAMI:  I'm not staying up here by myself.

          TENCHI:  Sasami--

     Ryoko appears, looking a little flustered.

          RYOKO:  All right, Princess--  Where the hell did
she go?

     Tenchi grimaces, disgusted.

          SASAMI:  She's gone downstairs again.  We caught
an intruder.

          RYOKO:  Another one?  (muttering)  I've got some
questions that need answering right now.

     Tenchi looks around, about to gesture, as Ryoko
flickers and vanishes.

          TENCHI:  Ryoko--  Damn!  (sigh)  Come on, Sasami.
This is getting out of hand.

22   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka is sitting at the sofa, getting comfortable,
holding a cup of tea.  She takes a sip.  The figure in the
sloppily-worn uniform fidgets, looking around at Azaka and
Kamidake nervously.

     Samantha is sitting at the table, drinking from her
flask, watching curiously.  Ryoko appears in a puff of
absurdity, scowling at Ayeka.  Tenchi and Sasami appear at
the balcony, looking down at Ryoko.

     Samantha chuckles and takes a swig.

23   INT. EAST HALL

     The figure in the military uniform emerges and snarls
to himself.

          FIGURE:  Damn!  Stupid diplomats.  Always sticking
their noses where they don't belong.  Serves him right.

     The figure waves an ordinary-looking cylinder around in
the air and dissolves.

24   EXT. SPACE

     A Galaxy Police cruiser, docked with a small shuttle.

25   INT. CRUISER

     Several GP officers in special uniforms appear in the
cockpit, looking around curiously.

          FIRST OFFICER:  Mihoshi?  Damn!  Where is that
flake?

          SECOND OFFICER:  Never mind about her.  Let's just
leave the specifications and go.

          FIRST OFFICER:  Why?  You in a hurry?

          SECOND OFFICER:  You better believe it.  These
diplomatic missions always make me nervous.

     The first officer is about to leave, then looks around,
sighing.

          FIRST OFFICER:  You others go on ahead.  I just
remembered one more thing.  Don't leave without me!

     The first officer takes out a small pad and presses a
few buttons in rapid sequence.  He then types at a small
console at the control.  A moment later, Yukinojo appears.

          YUKINOJO:  Officer Kantabaro, how may I be of
assistance?

          OFFICER:  First of all, it's 'Special Agent.'
I've had a field promotion.  Secondly, I need to confirm the
duty assignment of detective Mihoshi.

          YUKINOJO:  Miss Mihoshi has been briefed on our
current situation, and should be arriving at any moment.

          OFFICER:  Good.  Oh...  Don't follow the homing
beacon on your return trip.  The beacon has been
experiencing some technical difficulties, lately.  I'm
afraid three other ships just crashed on Earth about an hour
ago.

          YUKINOJO:  I will be certain to relay this
information.

26   EXT. MASAKI SHRINE

     A light flicks on in the front office.

27   INT. SHRINE

     A figure cloaked in a strange robe approaches Yosho.
Yosho is sitting at a table, undisturbed.

          YOSHO:  You found the artifact, I take it.

          FIGURE:  Yes.  It was right where I assumed she
would leave it.

     The figure takes out a strange flag.

          FIGURE:  The Jurai Supreme Council will be most
grateful that I found this, certainly.

     Yosho pauses for a moment, considering.

          YOSHO:  Yes, I'm sure they will be.

28   INT. MAIN HALL

     The figure in the sloppily-worn uniform sighs, a little
exhausted.

          FIGURE:  For the last time, my name is Smith
Harvingson.  I'm from Wyoming.

     Ryoko looks ready to pull her hair out.

          RYOKO:  What?

          AYEKA:  Do stay out of this, Ryoko.  The man
obviously doesn't understand you.

     Ryoko growls and folds her arms, pouting.  Tenchi and
Sasami stand nearby, looking on curiously.

          AYEKA:  Yes, we have heard this all before, but it
doesn't explain why you are snooping around in here,
uninvited.  I would prefer to forego drastic measures, but
if I must--

          TENCHI:  You were on that spaceship that crashed
just now.

          FIGURE:  Spaceship?  What are you talking about?

          TENCHI:  (nicely)  Come on, just admit it.  You're
not from America.

     Samantha appears, standing next to the side chair.  She
takes a sip of some tea, and looks carefully at the figure.

          AYEKA:  You were snooping around the rooms above.
You asked about some silly flag.  Don't give me that
nonsense about being a tourist.

          FIGURE:  The flag was part of my special
collection.  I'm a world-traveller.

          AYEKA:  You mean you are wealthy enough to travel
the world, but so inadequately organized that you lose a
flag in a stranger's house?

          FIGURE:  Uh... yeah.  That's it.  I'm eccentric.

          AYEKA:  (amused)  My, my.  I'm a bit eccentric,
myself.  Maybe you've noticed my bodyguards.  They can be
quite fanatical in their duty to me.  I wonder if you wish
to find out how much so.

          SASAMI:  Ayeka--

          AYEKA:  Sasami, it is far too late for you to be
up.  Go to bed, this instant.

     Tenchi yawns, exhausted.

          TENCHI:  Yeah, you better go on, Sasami.  I don't
think anything's going to happen, now.

     Tenchi and Sasami exit, as Samantha sits in the chair,
curious.

          SAMANTHA:  You're from Wyoming?

          FIGURE:  Uh...  Yeah, that's right.  I lived on a
ranch.

          SAMANTHA:  Where exactly?  What town?

          FIGURE:  Cheyenne.

     Samantha smiles, taking a quick sip.

          SAMANTHA:  Cheyenne.  Yes.  That's just a stone's
throw from Laramie, isn't it?

          FIGURE:  (a little uncertain)  Huh?  Oh, yeah.
I've been there, too.

          SAMANTHA:  Oh!  So, you must have been to Rock
River?  Elk Mountain?  Hawk Springs?

          FIGURE:  Oh, yeah.  Who hasn't been?  (nervous)
You've been there?

     Ayeka looks at Samantha, curiously.

          SAMANTHA:  I can't say that I have.  I mean, not
in the crowded parts of Wyoming, that is.  Now, the northern
parts--I've recently been there.  Sundance, Gillette,
Newcastle...  That's where all the real artists are.

          FIGURE:  Out in middle of nowhere, you mean.

          SAMANTHA:  Yes.  America is so amusing to me.

          FIGURE:  Really?

          SAMANTHA:  Quite.  For example, did you know that
Laramie is in the Laramie mountains, but not in Laramie
county?

     The figure looks around at Ayeka, who is pondering
carefully.

          FIGURE:  Oh, sure.  It's common knowledge.

          SAMANTHA:  You lived there, after all.  You must
know this.

          FIGURE:  Uh...

          SAMANTHA:  It's an old Wyoming joke, after all.
'No, boy.  Laramie ain't in Laramie...'

     The figure scowls with confusion, and Ayeka looks a
little annoyed, pondering.

          SAMANTHA:  Oh, come on.  Admit it.  You're not
from Cheyenne.  If you were, you'd know the rest of that.
I'm from Wales, and even I know that one.

          AYEKA:  Yes, now that we've cleared up that silly
little business, it's time for you to be honest.  I can
assure you, you will not escape, and I will not let you
leave until I get some answers.

          FIGURE:  Forget it!

     Ayeka stands, visibly annoyed.

          AYEKA:  We're wasting our time.  Azaka!  Kamidake!

     The guardians bring the figure forward for a moment,
just as a thundering roar begins to escalate.

29   EXT. SKY

     A shooting star crosses the sky.

30   EXT. DISTANT HILLS

     A huge explosion engulfs several square miles.

31   INT. SHRINE

     Yosho stands, looking out a window.  He ponders to
himself, and takes a sip of tea.

          YOSHO:  (VO)  Someone should fix that beacon,
already.  Four times in one night!

32   EXT. SPACE

     A cargo ship cruises by.

33   INT. CARGO SHIP

     Two figures cloaked in strange robes are sitting across
from each other--surrounded by crates.

          FIRST FIGURE:  We should work on the manifesto,
now.  I think this incident will make the treaty more
consolidated.

          SECOND FIGURE:  You just made sure he got the Beta
flag?

          FIRST FIGURE:  Very sure.

          SECOND FIGURE:  That's good.

          FIRST FIGURE:  So, what's next?  How does any of
this help us?  Are we going to work on the manifesto?

          SECOND FIGURE:  Hmm...  No, we need to see if that
emperor takes the bait.  If he moves, we use the manifesto.
Otherwise--

          FIRST FIGURE:  Huh?  Oh, the manifesto will be
written to look as if it was composed in the Supreme
Council!

          SECOND FIGURE:  (smug)  Exactly.  Then we clear
out all this raider scum and sweep up--just the way we
always do.

     The first figure leans forward, a pose of deep thought.

          FIRST FIGURE:  Will he move?  The emperor has many
good councilors.  They'll sense our involvement, if they
haven't already.

          SECOND FIGURE:  You mean Yosho...  Of course, he
knows.  He and I go way back...  He'll be busy enough if his
father decides to commandeer the site.  We won't need to
worry.  Meanwhile, I've contacted another old friend...

34   EXT. MASAKI HOUSE

     Morning rays beat down on scenic countryside.

35   INT. MAIN HALL

     Yosho is standing near the shattered windows, looking
annoyed.  Mihoshi descends the steps, looking cheerful.

          YOSHO:  Mihoshi, have you seen Tenchi?

          MIHOSHI:  Uh...  I don't know.  Oh, wait.  I
remember!  He said something about going to meet Honorable
Father this morning, yesterday.

     Yosho takes a moment to comprehend.

          YOSHO:  I must remember to have a little talk with
Tenchi.  This mess is inexcusable.

          MIHOSHI:  (a little mortified)  Oh!  Well, I think
this was all my fault.  Although, technically, I think it
was that beacon.  I don't know why it wasn't working right.
I wish someone had told me before I came back here.

     Yosho looks very annoyed.

36   INT. KITCHEN

     Sasami is cooking, as Ayeka enters, fairly disheveled.

          SASAMI:  Good morning, Sis!  How did it go, last
night?

          AYEKA:  (haggard)  I'm afraid it did not.

          SASAMI:  What do you mean?  What happened to the
intruder?

          AYEKA:  (softly)  Nothing.  I'm at a loss, right
at the moment.

     Sasami looks around, somewhat mortified.

          SASAMI:  I'm sorry I followed you outside so late.

          AYEKA:  Hmm?  Oh, yes.  It was awfully reckless of
you.

          SASAMI:  I know.  But Ryo-Ohki wasn't around, and
I was hoping that you would find her.  (turning again)  I
hate being stuck here by myself.

          AYEKA:  Wasn't Mihoshi here?

          SASAMI:  I think Mihoshi likes to be alone
sometimes.  I kept calling out, but she never showed her
face.

          AYEKA:  Now, now.  You know Mihoshi simply gets
distracted at times.

     Sasami looks a little sullen, doubtful.

37   EXT. NEAR GATE

     Azaka and Kamidake are standing guard, along with a
couple of men in GP uniforms.  A few other men in GP
uniforms are marching out toward the wooded hillside.

     Tenchi is approaching the gate, holding a couple of
small bags, walking alongside Samantha and Noboyuki.
Noboyuki is talking with a figure in a sloppily-worn
uniform.

          NOBOYUKI:  Diplomatic immunity?  (playful)  So, I
can't have you arrested and thrown in a prison, somewhere?

          FIGURE:  Yeah, that's right.  It's not much,
though.

          SAMANTHA:  He's just a courier.

          NOBOYUKI:  So, you're stranded here?

          FIGURE:  No.  I can get my cruiser going.  I'll
just need a few parts.  It shouldn't be too much trouble
with all these cops hanging around.

     A man in GP uniform stops them for a quick inspection.

          FIRST COP:  (gesturing at Samantha and the figure)
Who are these two?

          NOBOYUKI:  He's from Beta.  He's got diplomatic
immunity.

          TENCHI:  This is Samantha Collins.  She was
invited here, but I'm a little skeptical about that, at the
moment.

          FIRST COP:  You want us to check her out?

          TENCHI:  No, no.  That's okay.  I'll just ask
Grandpa.  He'll know all about it, if anyone.

     They enter past the cops, and start across the walkway.
Azaka and Kamidake turn to the cops.

          AZAKA:  Wasn't that the guy who got away last night?

          KAMIDAKE:  I'm afraid so.  How embarrassing.

          FIRST COP:  If he's a diplomat, then I'll be
Juraian prince.

          SECOND COP:  (snorting)  You've got that right.

38   EXT. WALKWAY

     Noboyuki and the figure are in a conversation, as
Samantha laughs and rolls her eyes.

          SAMANTHA:  Yes.  My grandpa is always trying to
marry me off to royalty, too.  It's such a chore!  I hope
you aren't offended, but I sympathize.

          TENCHI:  They don't mind you running off to exotic
places?

          SAMANTHA:  Oh, heavens.  Yes, they mind!  I always
tell them I'm practicing my art--which I am.  I'm not
looking for a mentor, though.  I just know Grandpa would
figure out a way to mess that up.

          TENCHI:  I hope it works out.  You know, marrying
into royalty is probably not all that bad.

          SAMANTHA:  Are you kidding?  You know how
unpleasant their lives get?  You remember how much fuss
they've had just recently?  I shudder at the thought.

     Tenchi smiles, encouraging.

          TENCHI:  It's all right, Samantha.  You just have
to give it a chance.

     The four are approaching the entrance.

          SAMANTHA:  Over my dead body.

          NOBOYUKI:  Hey, Son.  Kilaro has been telling me
all about the diplomatic corps.  They have lots of openings
for interpreters and diplomatic consuls.

          FIGURE:  It's pretty boring work, though.  You'll
need to hang around with me for a while, or you could get
lost in it.

          TENCHI:  Uh...  No thanks, but I think I have
enough to do, right at the moment.

39   INT. MAIN HALL

     Ayeka and Mihoshi are sitting at the table with Yosho,
as Sasami sets out some dishes.  Tenchi and Samantha enter,
looking around curiously.

          SASAMI:  Oh, Tenchi!  Welcome back!

          TENCHI:  Hey, everybody.  Grandpa.

          YOSHO:  Good morning, Tenchi.

          AYEKA:  Good morning.

     Yosho is pleasant, not the least bit annoyed.

          YOSHO:  Tenchi, is your father around?

          TENCHI:  Huh?  Oh, yeah.  He just went back
outside.  He wanted to help find some parts for Kilaro.

          YOSHO:  Tenchi, would you please introduce us?

     Tenchi is confused for a moment, then looks around at
Samantha.

          TENCHI:  Oh!  Uh...  Yeah.  Grandpa, this is
Samantha Collins.  We found her last night, out by the hill
overlooking the training grounds.

     Samantha is a little bored, but dignified.

          SAMANTHA:  Hello.  I hope my English isn't too
much of a hassle.

          YOSHO:  (amused)  No, no, young woman.  Your
English is very good, actually.

          SAMANTHA:  (to herself)  How clever.  (speaking
up)  I'm sorry, but I was told that this place was
completely deserted.

     Yosho smiles, as the others exchange looks.

          SAMANTHA:  I only came here at the advice of that
dubious young man who operates a local restaurant, and I...
Uh--  Oh, dear.  I think I see a pattern, here.

          YOSHO:  Yes, I arranged that.  So, what do you
think?

          SAMANTHA:  It is quite isolated, and I can
understand why.

          YOSHO:  So, you won't tell anyone?

          SAMANTHA:  (chuckling)  Who would believe me?  No,
I'm afraid it is quite out of the question.  As long as my
work goes unnoticed, I swear I shall not whisper a word of
this.

          AYEKA:  Your work?

          YOSHO:  Yes, Ayeka.  Samantha is an aspiring
artist.  She was also instrumental in helping avoid a nasty
misunderstanding last night, if my guess is correct.

     Ayeka gasps in shock.

          SAMANTHA:  Quite correct.  I could see that the
princess was getting nowhere with her own questions.  So, I
took matters into my own hands.

          TENCHI:  (softly)  That explains that.

          AYEKA:  (a little angry)  I should have known.
You're all out to make fun of me.  (pouting)  I won't play
along any more!

     Tenchi sits across from Ayeka, concerned.

          TENCHI:  Ayeka, you're getting carried away,
again.

          AYEKA:  I am not!

          TENCHI:  Stop acting like a child!

     Ryoko appears, giggling, putting an arm around Tenchi.

          RYOKO:  Good morning, Tenchi.

     Samantha looks briefly surprised, then grins.  Sasami
frowns for a moment, looking at Ayeka, then sits at the
table.

          SASAMI:  Let's eat!

          TENCHI:  (sighing)  Good morning, Ryoko.

     Samantha briefly scowls in irritation.

          SAMANTHA:  (VO)  I just know Grandpa had something
to do with this!

THE END

