
No Need for a Dual Mission
by Mitch
wells17@gte.net

NO NEED FOR TENCHI is owned by AIC/Pioneer LDC, INC.  Created byç
Masaki Kajishima and Hiroki Hayashi.  Used without permission.

     It was not a bad afternoon.  The weather was nice and Kiyoneç
had the day off.  Mihoshi was spending her time off in the city,ç
so Kiyone was spending the day fishing.  She hadn't caughtç
anything yet, but that was okay.  She was just glad to get some Rç
'N' R.  This was what she needed: no Mihoshi, no cosmicç
emergencies, and no insanity.  There was just her, the fishingç
spot, the fishing rod...
     "BEEP  BEEP  BEEP..."
     And her Galaxy Police wristwatch.
     She groaned and activated it.  She prayed that it wasn't aç
major emergency, but somehow, she doubted it.  Her luck wasç
running true to form today.
-----
     Tenchi was working in the fields.  As hard work as it was,ç
he was glad to actually expect some quiet for once.  Washu wasç
doing scientific research in another dimension she found theç
night before.  The other girls had gone into town, believing thatç
they were going stir crazy.  It was a good thing that Tenchi toldç
Ayeka and Ryoko separately that the other was going to be goneç
that day.  Otherwise, one would stay to watch out for the other.
     He was heading back to the house when he noticed Kiyone atç
the door.  "Konnichi-wa, Kiyone."
     She turned to face him.  "Oh, Tenchi.  Thought you wereç
inside.  Where are the others?"
     "Oh, they're out for the day," explained Tenchi, "what doç
you need, Kiyone?"
     "Backup," Kiyone explained, "I got a call from GPç
headquarters.  There's a criminal loose in the solar system andç
it's Mihoshi's day off.  I was hoping one of the others couldç
come with me instead, although I might have trouble controllingç
them."
     "Well," said Tenchi, "I could go."
     "You?  Well, you've faced worse, but I'd hate to endangerç
you.  I was thinking of bringing Ryoko or Ayeka since they wouldç
have the type of power to help out, but okay."
     "Well," said Tenchi, "I was hoping for a quiet day, but Iç
don't want you go after this guy without a partner."
     "Sometimes," said Kiyone quietly, "I think a quiet day isç
unlikely for either of us."
-----
     Later, the two were aboard Yagami, flying toward Jupiter.
     "Um, excuse me Kiyone," started Tenchi, "but I alwaysç
thought Jupiter was a gaseous planet."
     "No offense, Tenchi, but your Earth teachers are a littleç
off," explained Kiyone.  "It has gas, sure, but there's a surfaceç
under it all that your scientists haven't discovered yet."
     It would take about a half hour until they would reach theçäplanet.  Tenchi decided to break the ice.  After all, he didn'tç
get to talk with Kiyone much.  "Uh, sorry you had to miss yourç
day off, Kiyone."
     "-sigh- It's okay, Tenchi.  I guess it's part of my luck.  Iç
was taught that hard work leads to rewards and I guess I getç
frustrated that those rewards haven't come yet."
     "Well, forgive me so sounding philosophical Kiyone, but someç
people say you don't get the same awards you expected at first."
     "I guess."  She was quiet until she asked, "How are things ç
on the home front, Tenchi?"
     "Same old, same old.  Ryoko/Ayeka fights.  Washu ç
experiments.  The occasional super villain.  You?"
     "Odd jobs.  Mihoshi snoring.  Quiet space patrols.  Same as ç
usual."  
     "Don't say I said so," said Tenchi, almost nervously, "but ç
I've always admired how you chose to rent an apartment when you ç
had the option of staying at my house."
     "Well," said Kiyone, "I prefer relying on myself.  Also, Iç
think the last thing you need is another moocher.  I don't mind ç
visiting, though."
     "You're always welcome."  Tenchi smacked his own head.  "Oh,ç
yeah.  Could you brief me on the guy we're after?"
     "Oh, sure.  His name's Henshin.  He's an ex-GP officer who ç
was put off because of brutality.  Since then, he's been wanted ç
for acts of armed robbery and plunder, mostly small stuff.  He ç
may be armed though."  
     "I've had to face enemies who -weren't- armed but still ç
dangerous.  Their powers made up for it.  Still, I wish this was ç
easier.  Think he'll just surrender at the sight of the two of ç
us?"
     "A First-Class detective and a crown prince of Jurai?  ç
Sorry, he's not into authority."
     "Man.  Well, at least he's just a crook and not a warlord or ç
anything."
-----
     After scanning the planet to find Henshin, Tenchi and Kiyone ç
used a small pod to get to the cave he was hiding in.  
     "Rather...cozy, isn't it?" asked Tenchi.
     "It's a one-man pod.  They didn't think to give us two."ç
Kiyone took out two small pills.  "Here," she explained, "they're ç
oxygen pills.  You should be able to breath for about an hour."
-----
     Later, the two were in a cave beneath Jupiter.  They hid ç
behind the various stalagmites.  In the distance, Tenchi noticed ç
a large man in a disheveled uniform by a fire, trying to work a ç
small radio.
     "He may be trying to call his underworld buddies," said ç
Kiyone, "let's disconnect his call."
     "Freeze!" Kiyone declared as she stood out of hiding and ç
presented he gun.  Tenchi similarly introduced himself and his ç
Tenchi-ken sword.  Henshin turned around, not looking too ç
surprised.
     "I'm GP detective First-Class Kiyone Makabi and this is Lord ç
Tenchi Masaki of the Royal House of Jurai.  We are placing you ç
under arrest for charges of armed robbery and...!"
ä     Henshin shot at them.  Tenchi and Kiyone dodged the blast.
"All right," said Kiyone, "so much for his right to remainç
silent."
     This started a shootout between Kiyone and Henshin.  Tenchiç
motioned to Kiyone that he would try to disarm him when there wasç
a safe chance.  When there was a chance, Tenchi leaped from hisç
hiding place, aimed his sword at the criminal's gun...and wasç
quickly floored by his other arm which had suddenly grown largerç
and longer.
     Tenchi stared in disbelief.  So did Kiyone.  Henshin just ç
glared at them.
     "You're a...shapeshifter?" stammered Kiyone, "that...that ç
wasn't mentioned in your files..."   
     "I know," said Henshin proudly, "It was kept even from the ç
med guys at GP headquarters.  It gives me an edge."
     "Well," declared Tenchi, "you'll be without your other edge ç
soon enough!"
     He aimed at Henshin's gun again, but his other arm became a ç
sword and lunged at Tenchi.  
     "Look out!" shouted Kiyone as she leapt into the fray, ç
trying to aim her gun to wing Henshin.  Henshin heard Kiyone'sç
warning to Tenchi, turned from him...and shot Kiyone in the side.
     "KIYONE!!!"  Time seemed to slow down as Tenchi saw Kiyone ç
fall limp as he rushed to her side.  He picked her up, almost in ç
disbelief of the situation.  All the time, Henshin simply ç
laughed.
     Kiyone slowly opened her eyes.  "Tenchi?  Don't...fight ç
him...on your own.  Keep...track of him.  Tell Mihoshi...not ç
to...fret.  I wish we...had a chance...to talk more, Tenchi..."
     With those words, Kiyone passed out.  Tenchi's eyes were in ç
tears, but he picked up her emergency transporter in her uniform.  ç
Kiyone and Mihoshi had taught him how to us it for emergencies.  ç
This was one.  He activated it and the two disappeared.
-----
     They appeared on Yagami in the newly built healing chamber.  ç
The pod they took to the planet was already on it's way back by ç
remote.  
     "Computer," started Tenchi, "this is Lord Tenchi Masaki of ç
the House of Jurai.  This is a Class-C emergency.  Prepare the ç
rejuvenation center for officer Kiyone Makabi."  He really hated ç
the protocols.  He also hated how this was considered a "Class-C" ç
emergency.  Wounded officers were seen as a secondary type ofç
emergency by GP standards, with citizens at "Class-B" and Juriansç
at "Class-A".  Also, he had to use his standing in the House ofç
Jurai to override the ship's computers.  He hated that.  Tenchiç
didn't like being graded above other people just because he was aç
young prince.  Still, if that was the language the computersç
listened to and if that would help Kiyone...
     Tenchi took a minute to look at Kiyone.  He laid her downç
and did some impromptu first aid.  It amazed him of how someoneç
so strong and resourceful would be so pale and lifeless rightç
now.  He hoped what he was doing would be enough to keep theç
blood in.  He thought of how she was the only woman in his lifeç
besides Mihoshi, not to have any special powers.  Yet, she hadç
been risking her life for others for a long time.  She's veryç
courageous, he thought, of course, all police officers are.  ç
Sometimes, Tenchi wondered if he was considering himself too much ç
as the girls' defender.  It wasn't as if any of them were ç
helpless.  Of course, like right now, they would need help ç
sometimes.
     "Kiyone?" he whispered, "I don't know if you can hear me, ç
but you're going to get help and I'm going trace that man like ç
you wanted."  
     Two small robots took the female officer to a conveyer belt ç
that led into the enormous healing chamber.  It was a new ç
addition to Yagami that Kiyone and Mihoshi taught Tenchi to use ç
one day in case there was no time to get Washu.  It would slide ç
Kiyone in via conveyor belt, a rebreather would be placed on her,ç
and a blue liquid would heal her.
     "Lord Tenchi?" asked the robots, "should officer Kiyone'sç
clothing be removed?"
     "WHAT?"
     "It would be easier for the rejuvenation process," they ç
answered.
     "Do I...have to look?"
     "If the wound is not serious enough for guidance, no."
     "-sigh- Okay.  Remove it, please.  Wait!  Keep the headband ç
and her bathing suit on, but remove the rest and slide her in."
     Tenchi didn't know what the headband was for, but since ç
Kiyone was never without it, he figured it might be a religious ç
practice from her home planet or something.  Since he was unsure, ç
he decided for the robots to keep it on her.
     "Tell me when you're done," he told the robots as he left to ç
the main controls.
     In the cockpit, Tenchi used the training Kiyone and Mihoshi ç
sometimes gave him on weekends to track down Henshin.  He was ç
still in his cave.  Either he still hadn't made his call or was ç
waiting for his ride.  Either way, Tenchi would keep his promise ç
and watch him.  In all honesty, he would bring Henshin to justiceç
himself for what he did to Kiyone but he was warned not to go ç
alone.  He figured that he owed it to Kiyone to honor thatç
warning.  
-----
     Everything they ever told her was true.  On her home planet, ç
Kiyone was taught that in the afterlife of her people, one would ç
be picked up by an angle, the angle would whisper to the ç
departed, the departed would be carried and removed of most of ç
their material clothing, be kissed by the breath of the cosmos, ç
and be soothed by the liquid of life itself.  It was relaxing, ç
but she had many regrets.  She never got the promotion she ç
wanted, got to say goodbye to anyone but Tenchi, and ç
never...thanked Mihoshi for accepting her for what she was.  She ç
always yelled at Mihoshi, but she never -really- hated her.  ç
Mihoshi screwed up a lot, but she wasn't a bad person, far from ç
it.  In fact, Mihoshi was one of the nicest people she ç
knew...with Tenchi on the same list.  She hoped neither of them ç
would take her loss too harshly, it could happen to anyone in her ç
line of work.  
-----
     Kiyone awoke, but not in the afterlife she expected.ç
Instead, she awoke in a bed in a small room, wearing a hospitalç
gown.  She recognized it as the ship's new recovery room.  Sheç
tried to piece everything together.  She fell asleep in Tenchi's ç
arms, then there was the dream about the liquid and the breath...
     Liquid?  Breath?  The healing chamber.  Tenchi must have ç
used it on her.  She should thank him for that, but she hoped he ç
didn't try stopping Henshin alone.  
     As she pondered this, Tenchi entered.
     "Kiyone, how are you?"
     "Better.  Uh, Tenchi?  I know that the circumstances might ç
have called for it, but...did you...?"
     "Hmmm?  No, the robots did that.  The wound wasn't serious ç
enough to require me to look.  By the way, I've been looking at ç
Henshin from the cockpit.  He's still in the cave."
     Kiyone smiled.  "You're the best, Tenchi.  Uh, don't tell ç
Mihoshi I said that."
     Tenchi chuckled.  "I won't.  By the way, what's with the ç
headband?  I let the robots keep it on you.  Is it religious ç
or..."  
     "Hmmm?  No, I just like the color."
     "Oh."  Tenchi chuckled to himself.
     Kiyone joined him. 
-----
     They went back to the planet hoping to catch Henshin off-ç
guard.  Maybe he wouldn't be expecting both of them this time.              
     "How about I try distracting Henshin?" suggested Tenchi.
     "We tried that last time."
     "Yeah, but he may only be expecting one of us."
     "Okay," agreed Kiyone "but this time, we disarm him first."
     "All right, but tell me Kiyone, what's this shape-shiftingç
business?"
     "Well," explained Kiyone, "some citizens in the galaxy have ç
evolved from their supposed restraints and can change their ç
physical forms.  Sometimes, it's limited to just one or two body ç
parts.  I'm guessing that Henshin controlled his ability so well ç
that the doctors at the academy couldn't tell.  I...may not have ç
asked you to come if I knew..."
     "I would have come anyway.  By the way, did you notice that ç
it's only his left arm that changes?"
     "That's probably why he has the gun.  Okay, Tenchi, go in.  ç
Whatever happens, destroy his gun.  Then, we only have to worry ç
about the rest of him.
-----
     Later, from her vantage point, Kiyone was admiring Tenchi's ç
act.
     "YOU'LL PAY FOR WHAT YOU DID TO KIYONE!" Tenchi shouted as ç
he charged at Henshin.
     Kiyone knew he was angry, but he was making it look like an ç
act of revenge.  He was only making it sound as if she had died.  ç
Henshin was kicked off the force long before the healing chambers ç
were added, so he wouldn't have thought of them.  During Tenchi'sç
act, he cut Henshin's gun in half.  Now, it was Kiyone's turn.
     "Henshin, FREEZE!"
     Henshin turned around and saw Kiyone.  He seemed slightlyç
surprised, but smirked at her anyway.
ä     "You wouldn't dare fire in here," he declared, "it may causeç
an avalanche."
     "Well," said Kiyone, "there's still Lord Tenchi's sword."
     "Oh," said Henshin, "in that case..."
     Henshin's left arm became flat and pointy, the carbon-basedç
version of a sword.  He lunged it at Kiyone, who dodged thatç
time.
     "Kiyone!"  Tenchi jumped in front of Henshin.  "Want a fairç
fight?" he declared.
     "Ummm..., no."  He lunged at Kiyone again.  She was backed ç
in a corner this time, there was no time to move...
     "NO!"  Tenchi jumped into the path of Henshin's makeshift ç
sword.  It stabbed him clear through his side.  
     "Tenchi!"  This time, Kiyone shot at Henshin, winging his ç
sword-arm.  He fell.
     "Okay," the criminal muttered, "I'll go quietly."
     Kiyone looked after Tenchi.  He was bleeding like crazy andç
was gasping for air.
     "Tell...Dad and Grampa...I'm sorry...and tell the girls...I ç
like them all..."
     He went unconscious.  Kiyone held him with a shocked look onç
her face.
-----
     On Yagmai, Kiyone quickly put Henshin in a detention cell ç
and took Tenchi to the healing chamber.  She gave the robots the ç
protocol and they responded quickly.
     "How are his wounds?" she asked the robots.
     "Very severe.  Near critical."
     "All right.  Remove clothing."
     As Tenchi was placed in the tank, Kiyone cursed herself for ç
two things: one was letting Tenchi get hurt and the other was for ç
how she was about to see Tenchi in his boxers.  The other girls ç
would run over themselves for this moment, but she wouldn't have ç
put him in this position otherwise.  Tenchi's condition was so ç
bad that it was safer for her to watch him case anything changed.  ç
Forgive me Tenchi, she thought.  He was placed into the tank.  ç
Wow, she thought, he's cute.  She snapped out of that, thinking ç
of what Ryoko and Ayeka would do to her if they knew about this.ç
Kiyone put her hand on the glass and felt her concern for Tenchi ç
rise.  She didn't quite have the same feelings for him as the ç
others, but she had concern for him as a friend and...something ç
else.  She couldn't tell what it was, but it was a feeling sheç
had for him for a while.  They weren't romantic feelings orç
maternal feelings.  They were almost...the feelings of an aunt orç
maybe....a sister?  Never thought of it like that, thoughtç
Kiyone.  Her and Tenchi...brother and sister?  Well, maybe in aç
surrogate way.  She wondered if he thought the same about her.ç
She lost track of time while watching him.  She didn't want hisç
blood on her hands.  Not only would the others never forgive her,ç
but it would be too big a burden on her.  It's always painful toç
lose a friend, especially a close one.  Just get better Tenchi,ç
she thought.
-----
     Tenchi awoke in a strange, but familiar looking bed.  It wasç
the same one he had Kiyone placed in earlier.  He rememberedç
passing out in Kiyone's arms.  For a while, Tenchi thought he was ç
going to join his mother.  Tenchi looked at himself.  He was ç
healed all right.  Kiyone entered the room.
     "Feeling better, Tenchi?"
     "Pretty much.  Thanks?"
     Kiyone looked down.
     "Kiyone, is something...wrong?"
     Kiyone now almost looked embarrassed.
     "Tenchi, when you were in the healing chamber..."
     "Yes?"
     "Well, your wounds were more sever than mine so..."
     "'So'...?"
     "Ihadtoseeyouinyourunderwear," Kiyone said quickly, "It wasç
to make sure there was no change.  I'm sorry.  You know Iç
wouldn't have if it wasn't necessary..  Please don't be mad atç
me..."
-----
     Tenchi looked more surprised than angry.  In fact, he seemedç
nervous.  Then, he began to smile.
     "Hey, you saved my life," he explained, "why should I getç
mad?"
     "Well, you said you looked away from me when I was in there ç
and..."
     "You had less choice than I did.  Besides, I trust you."
     "Wow.  Thanks."  Tenchi didn't seem to have much trust inç
the girls sometimes.  Gaining it somehow seemed important to ç
Kiyone.  
     They reached Earth that evening.  Tenchi explained what ç
happened without the...extra details.  Ryoko and Ayeka took ç
Tenchi's word and that was good for Kiyone considering the looks ç
they had on the two of them since she and Tenchi got home.  ç
Mihoshi seemed disappointed that she missed out on this mission, ç
but Kiyone assured her that it wasn't something she'd enjoy.
     "I don't know," Mihoshi said softly, "I think I'd like aç
solo mission with Tenchi."
     "Why?"
     "Er, uh, nothing," Mihoshi quickly covered up, "It's just ç
that he'd...make a good partner I guess."
     Kiyone felt puzzled by Mihoshi's statement.  The way she ç
said that...it was almost as if...
     As the family started dinner, Kiyone glanced at Mihoshi, ç
then at Tenchi, and finally at Ryoko and Ayeka.  She began to ç
fear for Mihoshi.            

END?
