Disclaimer: {Tenchi ain't ours, and never will be! Ain't
that too bad? }

LeeKing Works Proudly Presents:
Duty
by the KingKiller

I grit my teeth as I force my distaste back, try to make my
grimace into a smile as I am approached by my royal advisor,
who I would have to listen to as a matter of protocol and
for the sake of appearance in order to show my
subjects that I am indeed willing to adopt the ways and
customs of my people and not the backward, primitive culture
that I was born in.

I am the emperor of all of Jurai. The Knight of the Light
Hawk. Possibly the most powerful being in all the quadrants
of space that made up the Juraian empire. More powerful than
any ever recorded in Jurai's incredibly long history of
monarchs blessed with incredible might. So powerful I
could take on a fleet of war ships and win, destroy planets
if I wanted to. Maybe even neutralize a super nova
explosion. I practically have no limits.

What I can't do though, is skip a meeting.

It shouldn't have been so bad. Sure it was boring and dull
and the bowing and scraping in your face and muttering at
your back got annoying but I AM the emperor of Jurai. It was
my duty. Ignoring one's duty was sure to cloud
your mind. And I had felt so off balanced during my sword
practice session that I finally gave up in disgust and went
to hold court.

"Lord Tenchi, your presence fills me with joy and may I
continue to bask in your nobility for all of my days!"
Reikart said with a low bow and graceful flourish. The
elegant old noble Juraian smiled brightly at his brooding
lord. Like a hawk perched upon his throne, Tenchi's eyes
were
piercing and not all that happy to see the fat old advisor.

Even though you were the most vocal of protestors at me
marrying Ayeka? A Juraian who didn't think I was any better
than the dirt you trod upon because I was an earthling?
Really Reikart, what made you change your mind
about me? My winning personality? My diplomatic overtures?
My humility? Or perhaps the fact that I can now crush you
and your house on a whim?

"Report." My voice was simple, curt and to the point. No
doubt if Ayeka were here with me she would have spoken in a
more regal manner but I don't. I have long spoken plainly
and with no elaborate prose that was the
language of choice when you try to flatter royalty in Jurai.
Being an earthling, the effort Reikart put into his flattery
was wasted on me.

"Lord Tenchi, Professor Forufa, General Lageden and Minister
Gado have matters that may benefit the empire to your
attention." Reikart replied with barely a pause to register
the look of disinterest in the emperor's eyes. Immediately
Reikart's demeanor became even more neutral.

Politics was never really something I liked. I may have led
a team in action before but the difference between leading a
small force and an entire empire the size of several solar
systems were as great as the distance between earth and
Jurai.

I did learn though. Enough to dispel my naivete and show me
what was happening.

Reikart was his usual, insinuating self. He wouldn't call
upon attention to a good idea unless he could claim credit
for it or share in the glory in some way. The fact that the
imperial general of the royal army and the head of the
science council along with the minister was here meant that
the
ideas to be proposed were probably things I may or may not
whole heartedly
approve of.

If I approved, Reikart would become best friends with them.
If I did not, he would be the first to denounce them and
pledge his support to ousting them.

As much as the day was turning into fine mess, I decided to
try and deal with it instead of calling for Ayeka. She was
busy enough with her own agendas, and I couldn't count on
her to rule in my place forever. That was
partially the reason why I forced myself to hold court as
the emperor. It was high time I learned to rule.

"Professor Forufa, tell me of your idea." Gesturing to the
stern young woman in her stark green lab suit, I decide deal
with possibly the easiest and least complicated of my
matters. While Professor Forufa may confuse me
and leave me scratching me head at whatever scientific
finding or theory she was pondering at the moment, she
rarely appeared before me or tried to speak to me unless it
was a very important matter. An intelligent woman but
sometimes comically underdogged and insecure among the older
councilors. Her post was earned by merit though. Science was
her gift and her passion.
This was probably a request for more funding.

Forufa flinches and takes a small bow. Several moments pass
as her hands seem to be searching for notes that are not
with her. Giving up when she senses her emperor's curious
eyes on her, she launches into her speech.

"It is concerning the matter of your....old acquaintance. A
certain mad scientist named Washu."

"Washu-chan."

"Sir?"

"Washu-chan. That's how she prefers to be addressed."

"Certainly sir, on the matter of Washu-chan, we must insist
that she surrender her records to us immediately." She seems
to deflate as the emperor's eyes widen. "Um....please?"

Somehow, of all the things I expected to hear from Forufa's
lips, this didn't seem to fit the things I expected.

"May I ask why?"

"Washu-chan is a member of the council of science. Granted
she may be insane, her works still belong to the Juraiain
ministry from she is still a member."

"Correct me if I am wrong but didn't this same council once
sentence her exile? For the crime of inventing the very
things you now want? Why is that?"

"It is because of the Werians sir." General Lageden broke in
for the speechless Forufa, his voice still proud and strong
despite the flecks of grey at his temples.

"Werians?"

Some said I had a gift. A power that enabled me to see what
was right and wrong in an instant and act on it. Right now I
was confused. Something was happening, something very
important but it was still unclear to me. What
has all this got to do with the Werians?

The Werians. An old enemy of the Juraians but they were a
threat no more. Not since I came. After destroying all their
space ships and laying waste to their bases, the Werians
weren't going to be capable of offensive space
battles for years to come, much less pose any threat at all
to the Juraian empire. Their raiding were merely nuisances
anyway. Hardly something of national security.

"Sir, the Werians occupy a planet that is difficult to
approach and strategically defensible. It is surrounded by
asteroid fields and orbital stations that make up a solid
defense, but if we act now, while the Werians are still
weak, with you and the mad scientists creations at our side,
we will surely seize victory!"

"That's it? Attack a well dug in enemy force with no other
reason than because they are there?" I had no illusions
about what would happen. I defeated the Werians once but
this time they were backed against a wall.
Even with the Juraian navy behind me and Washu's inventions
the fight would be long and hard. Overwhelming odds birth
heroes.

"Of course not sir! The planet is very rich in compounds and
minerals we have not yet been able to synthesize. If we
could capture the planet, the wealth and power of the empire
would be increased enormously!" Minister Gado supplied with
a gleam of profit in his eye.

"Why not offer to trade?" This was senseless! A diplomatic
envoy could end this right now. Centuries of hostility would
finally cease. There was no need to go to war.

"Surely you jest your highness? Why barter like a common
street merchant when you can take it by your divine right!"
Reikart spoke, full of indignation at the very thought of
compromise.

"Divine right....you mean by force!" Anger welled inside me.

"Of course highness, we have the power! Nothing could stand
in our way!"

I ignore the bitter taste in my mouth and remind myself that
Reikart is my advisor it was his duty to offer advice, even
if I didn't like it.

"And once we have captured the planet, how do you propose to
control the inhabitants. Werains may not be Juraians, but
they poses the same love of their homeworld and their
freedom as any other race." I had fought them,
and even though I was their enemy, I admired them. Their
courage, honor and sheer tenacity was stuff of legend. They
would never surrender.

"Simple, we can simply remove the inhabitants." General
Lageden drew his thumb across his throat. "I'm sure I can
clear the planet of every last Werian within three months."

A burning heat rose in my belly. Death in battle was one
thing, to kill every last being of a race already defeated
was beyond human.

"GENERAL!"

I breath a sigh of relief at Gado's outrage. It was like a
cool spring shower to the fiery rage building inside of me.
I didn't think that man felt anything except greed but this
display of outrage made me pause in my evaluation of him.
Perhaps I could use him.

"Really, it would be more useful to us if they remained on
the planet to serve us! Mining is hard and dangerous work.
Better to let the Werians do it for us. We could even force
their princess to marry you my lord!"

No

"That would give you total control of their empire once the
other members of the royal family are dealt with,"

NO

"And I've heard she is quite fetching, surely to give you
much pleasure and..."

"ENOUGH!!!"

I storm out of the throne room, no longer being able to
stand it a minute more. Those, those greedy murdering
bastards! I had to find Ayeka, to see her. To hold her. To
let her know about the things the council was plotting and
what they wanted me to do.

Somehow despite the haze in my mind, I managed to make it
into the royal garden. Ayeka spent hours in her very own
garden each day when I went to practice my sword.

The garden was large enough to contain my old house many
times over and was composed of a tended lawn with patches of
Juraian flowers. It was artistic yet simple in its beauty.
The wide expanses were dotted by several
trees that added to its simple elegance. Amidst the trees
though, was a secret place that I knew of.

Stumbling on to the sheltered cove, I could see little
traces of Ayeka all over. Comforting little traces of her
presence. A ring of her favorite flowers by a stone bench.
Colorful pottery on a table. The faint smell of her perfume
in the air.

Ayeka. My love. The reason why I left everything to come to
a kingdom that I never asked for but was mine anyway.

She didn't know that I knew of her secret place. I didn't
tell her. I would have waited for her to invite me before I
set foot in her part of the garden but I needed her. Where
was she?

Calm down, she would be back.

I pace about the cove, seeing a monitor for the first time.
What's this?

Curious, I look at the monitor.

Recoiling in horror, I stumble to my knees.

No can't be, it's not possible. Not Ayeka. Not her.

They were tactical maps. For an invasion of Earth.

"Tenchi?"

Ayeka looks surprised at seeing me.

I point to the maps.

"Why Ayeka? Why?"

We were silent for a while. Like a tragic couple from play.
The emperor and empress in love yet at odds.

"It's better this way Tenchi."

I stare into her eyes and see only love and devotion. You
really believe that Juraian rule would be the best for all
of us.

I turn away in grief, the girl I fell in love with wasn't
here.

I believe in trust.

The wings spring from my body without any thought.

I believe in freedom.

The rush of flight fills me. The strain of the Light Hawk
wing keeps  me from dwelling on my pain.

I believe in honor.

The Light Hawk wings were mine, not Jurai's.

Far in space, I gave one last look at the planet Jurai. I
suddenly understand my grandfather Yosho's actions so many
years ago. Jurai's fiery glow was beautiful. But it gave no
warmth.

Setting a course to Earth, I shed a tear, but only for
Ayeka, and only one.

The emperor is dead, long live the knight.

END

==
If you like anime fanfiction, why not check out our site?
http://go.to/LeeKing