The characters of the Tenchi Muyo universe is the creation and possession of AIC and Pioneer
---------------
Echoes In The Mist
Camille Christansen
echoesinthemist@angelfire.com 
---------------

~~ Chapter 5 ~~ 

Quicker than light, all three galaxy policewomen were gone from the office. Hakusana dropped on her hands and knees to the
carpeted floor of the headquarters. To her surprise, it wasn't a carpeted floor but grass instead. 

Her landing was sudden but soft. She kept still for a moment, staring at the sunny sky above her and wondering where it had come
from. Then, she looked at Kiyone and Mihohsi and found they were in the same position. Kiyone looked surprised too but used to
the feeling. Mihoshi didn't seem to care less. 

"Washu," Kiyone said under her breath with a irritated warning tone. She then strode over and started picking up the papers that
had dropped. 

Hakusana winced and rubbed her head. "Where are we?" 

"Hakusana," Kiyone started. She took a deep breath, trying her best to stay calm. "Welcome to Washu's labratory." 

"I really don't agree with Miss Washu's sense of travel. She just zaps you up anytime. At least she waited this time until we were
ready." Mihoshi said. 

"Until YOU were ready," Kiyone mumbled. "Hey, does someone want to help me with these?" 

Mihoshi immediately rushed to Kiyone's aid and started picking up the research work that they had done.. "Is this your file,
Hakusana?" she asked as she waved a folder at Hakusana. 

"Mihoshi! Let me see that!" Kiyone took the paper from Mihoshi. 

Hakusana frowned at them without reply to Mihoshi's question. She started walking away and looking around at the plants. 

"Oh my god! This is Red's file. The Red." 

"Who's Red?" 

"This file is so old...classified...top secret... Hakusana, where did you get this?" Kiyone flipped through the file reading it's contents
and waited for Hakusana to answer her. She didn't. 

"Who's Red?" Mihoshi asked. There was a moment of silence once again. 

"Red died," Hakusana spoke up. "A long time ago. I have been on the case for a long time." 

"I didn't know he still had a case going on in the galaxy police," Kiyone commented. 

"Sure he does. It's not over yet. In fact, I don't think it well end." Hakusana looked away. "Besides, it's um, top secret." 

"I still don't get this! You're saying that Red is a dead guy with a case?" Mihoshi wailed. 

Kiyone closed the file. "Red was a brilliant character. His cases were very top secret. I don't know too much about him. An
incredible space pirate. I know he disappeared but I guess he's dead now. Right, Hakusana?" 

Hakusana looked up at Kiyone and gave her a small hurt look that made Kiyone step back in surprise. Then Hakusana turned
back to the plants. 

"Hakusana?" Kiyone murmured quietly. 

She ignored her and paid more attention to the garden. The place was fascinating. All kinds of plants were there. From an exotic
variety, to a more tropical type, till the ones found in the desert and even the most common plants. 

"This is...amazing." Hakusana breathed. 

"I think we should look for Miss Washu," Mihoshi said. 

"That's okay, Mihoshi. I'm right here!" Washu waved at the group as she walked down a stoned path. She looked the same as
always. Never aging but always changing in some sort of intelligent way. "Hello Kiyone, Mihoshi..." 

Hakusana bowed and greeted her. "Hello, Washu. Call me Hakusana." 

Washu raised her eyebrow and approached Hakusana. She extended her arm and they shook hands. Then Washu pulled herself
closer and whispered something into Hakusana's ear. 

Kiyone wanted so much to go over and listen. Or she could simply tear the two apart and ask what was going on. But she didn't
move a muscle. Not even as a single tear fell down the proud Hakusana's face. 

Hakusana and Washu pulled apart. They were both smiling wearily. Washu clapped her hands together. "Okay, ladies, I want to
make a deal with you." 

"A deal, Miss Washu?" Mihoshi repeated. 

"Yes. I understand you require some information from me." 

"Actually yes," Kiyone nodded. "Hakusana and I are..." 

"And Mihoshi," Hakusana added and laughed. 

Kiyone continued, "We are working as partners, Mihoshi is tagging along, on the case of the Scorpion and need more information."

"Ah, Desomitsu 'Scorpion' Saito. He's one of my problems too." Washu rubbed her chin, lost in thought for a while. "Okay. Here's
the deal: I'll help you, if you help me." 

"Agreed," Hakusana said. 

Kiyone sighed. Hakusana didn't know the things or experiments Washu would probably want them to do. She might even make
them the experiments! But she didn't take the agreement back. Instead, she looked at Washu levelly in the eye and asked, "What
do we have to do?" 

"Don't worry, too much, Kiyone. It's not that bad." She lead them out of the garden and to a locked metal door. She started
keying in a password. 

Kiyone frowned. If there was nothing much to worry about why were the doors to this _one_ room especially locked. Before,
Washu normally didn't lock any parts of her lab up. What could possibly be so special in here? As the door opened Washu bowed
and said, "Girls, you are going to be in for the surprise of a life time." 

* * * * * 

"Listen Tenchi," Aeka continued, not noticing the strange stony face Tenchi was giving her. "About our trip to Jurai..." 

"You're not going." Tenchi said solemnly. 

"What? Of course I'm going. I want to be with you." 

"I'll make sure you don't come." Tenchi took out a knife. 

That's when Aeka started to get scared. "What do you mean by that, Tenchi? And what are you doing with that knife?" 

Tenchi stepped forward. Aeka refused to move. Her pride was at stake. "Are you planning to hurt me, Tenchi?" Aeka laughed
accusingly. 

When Tenchi didn't say anything Aeka started to get serious. "If that's how you want to play it, Lord Tenchi..." 

Immediately, logs formed in rings around Aeka. Asaka and Kamidake appeared protectively behind the princess. 

Tenchi stepped back and hissed. "Guardians of Jurai." 

Aeka glared at Asaka and Kamidake. She was angry that they didn't go home like she told them to. But she was also grateful that
they didn't follow her orders. Then she turned her attention to Tenchi. 

"You spoiled my plans one too many times, princess." Tenchi snarled. 

"Who are you? What have you done to Tenchi?" Aeka demanded. 

"Can't you see, princess? I _am_ Tenchi." He laughed. "What would I want with him? Why should he pay for the sins which are
yours?" 

"My lord, I am afraid you are mistaken. I have make no mistakes. I am the princess of mighty Juraian Empire. It seems to me that
you underestimate my power." Three rings of logs circled Tenchi in orbit. 

Tenchi laughed. "Princess, have you ever thought that I might be in the body of your love? I hate to think what would happen if you
burnt this body with your power." 

Aeka grinded her teeth. "You make an innocent your slave! Coward!" 

"Just asking if you thought about it, princess. It doesn't mean that it is necessarily true." With that, a huge ball of fire exploded
around Tenchi. The guardians fell back and disappeared. When the light started to falter, Rosco walked out. 

Aeka shielded her eyes till the light dimmed out. She cringed when she saw Rosco. 

"Princess Aeka, it would be a good time to put your pride down and run," Kamidake suggested. 

"No! I refuse to be beaten!" Aeka cried. 

Asaka sighed feeling like the princess was making a bad choice. The guy was good and he knew it. But he wouldn't leave. He
would protect her. He had made a vow that he wanted and would keep. He would have to stand by his princess, hers through life
till death. Of course, he could always be transferred but he would always be loyal to the Juraian Empire. 

Aeka summoned more logs to orbit around in circles. She knew this impersonator was not someone you would take lightly. He
had escaped her guardians, all three rings. 

"Rosco," Aeka whispered. 

"Remember it when you die, princess, remember, because I'm the one who's going to kill you." With that he took out a laser whip
and before she could move, its wrapped around her neck. 

Aeka put her hands to her neck and tried to free herself. In an instant, lasers from the guardian logs, Asaka and Kamidake, burst
out and cut the whip She thanked the two and took a couple of deep breaths. "Now it's my turn!" 

The next few attacks that futile. Neither Aeka or Rosco could get past the other's defenses. Aeka didn't show it but she was
getting weaker. Her power was as strong as it always was but she didn't know if she herself could hold out any longer. 

She couldn't think. Rosco made sure that all she could concentrate on was attacking him or defending herself. 

"I need to send a distress signal," she muttered to Asaka and Kamidake. 

"You could try your tiara talisman," Kamidake suggested. 

"It's not time for me, yet. I can't do it now while I hold this guy back!" 

"Well, it's time you did, princess" Asaka said. 

Aeka closed her eyes for a very brief moment. She had seen the elders of the Juraian Empire do it before. She knew the
incantation but she had never done actually _used_ her talisman's total inner power. 

*Power and light of the Juraian empire, hear my call. I am your servant and I will always be loyal and devoted to you for
righteousness' sake. My honor rests with you.* She flinched. Rosco just sent her a huge blast. *From the highest of heavens to the
lowest of dust, over the ends of the universe, let the power fill my talisman.* 

The piece on her head started to glow. The guardians looked at her proudly. She was doing it! 

Rosco started to get surprised. He didn't understand what she was doing but he would have to stop her. She would probably
create a blast that might destroy everything. He gathered in all his power and took a shot. 

A ball of energy burst from his hands and a dazzling stroke of a scarlet glare flashed around Aeka. A strong thick blue shield had
formed and Rosco's attack ended up in a swirl of smoke and dust. He couldn't believe it. 

Aeka finished the incantation. She had sent a distress signal and she had power. The question was, was it enough? 

* * * * * 

Sasami looked up from her throne. At the same time, she realized that her mom, dad and Funaho had looked up too. 

Her mom was the first to wail it out. "My baby! My baby needs help! She's going to die! Send someone to help her" 

*Oh, Aeka.* Sasami thought sadly. 

* * * * * 

Tenchi felt a shock go through him and he looked up. He looked at Yosho who had stopped attacking him. He was looking at the
same direction too. 

"Grandfather?" 

"It's Aeka. She's in trouble." 

* * * * * 

Ryoko was watching the door open when she felt a signal whip through her body. She fell backwards. It was very unexpected.
The gems on her wrists started blinking brightly. They were burning through her skin. 

"Washu!" Ryoko cried out. 

Washu gasped and ran to her, closing the door behind her. In the garden, Kiyone was banging on the door. "Washu! What's
happening in there?! Let us in!" 

"Your gems!" Washu said. 

"I think I can see that!" Ryoko cried. 

"Look, you will be totally burnt if you don't follow my instructions. Point your wrists to me and pray that I will have it." 

Ryoko closed her eyes and moments later, the pain was gone. She opened her eyes and like Washu, stared at the gems. They
were glowing so brightly. They were even too hot for Washu to hold that she placed them in some special transparent container. 

"What's happening, Washu?" 

Washu turned to her computer and clicked in a few things. "Ryoko, someone is sending out major waves of power." 

Washu placed the container into one of the computers and scanned it. Ryoko watched one of the computer screens as Washu
placed her hands, hovering in the air, on an invisible keyboard which formed under her fingers. She typed something down and the
screen flashed showing a green, 3d diagram of waves. 

"This is the formation of the energy," Washu explained to Ryoko. Then she looked back at the screen. "I'm trying to match it with
sources of power." 

Another diagram of the similar formation appeared beside it. Washu dragged her finger across the invisible keyboard as the two
diagrams overlapped each other. They were identical. 

"Juraian power..." Washu's voice trailed off. 

Ryoko's mouth dropped. "What?!" 

"Well it's got you, that's for sure." 

"Why would it get me?!" Ryoko demanded. "I have enough things occurring in my life already!" 

"There is no time to explain. Someone needs our help. This power was used partly for a distress signal." 

"It was so strong!" 

"Well, obviously, the person is in _desperate_ need of our help." She scanned through the mountains of Kurashiki and the house of
Tenchi, looking for the person giving out the power. So far, there was no one. 

Bam! Bam! Bam! "Washu! I demand to know what's happening in there, right now!" Kiyone called through the door. 

Washu sighed and scurried to the door and typed in the password. The doors opened once again and the three Galaxie Police
officers stepped in and looked around. 

"Well, finally, Washu!" Hakusana growled. 

"What took you so long? What is happening? What is..." Her voice trailed off and she fell to the floor in shock. "Oh my god... It
CAN'T be..." 

Mihoshi waved. "Ryoko!" 

Hakusana stared at Ryoko. Ryoko stared back. Mihoshi and Kiyone watched them awkwardly and Washu just kept smiling.
Hakusana finally choked out, "I thought you were dead, Ryoko." 

"I thought you were dead..." Ryoko countered. Then she emphasized, "Hakusana." 

Kiyone blinked. She looked at the two. "Do you know each other?" 

Before any of them could answer, Hakusana cried out. "Oh my god! Isn't that Aeka and... and..." her voice trailed off but she ran
to the screen of Washu's computer. 

"Aeka? I never knew she could give out so much power..." 

"I'm going after her," Hakusana announced suddenly. 

Washu raised her eyebrow. But she clicked in a few things on her keyboard and a portal appeared. "Good luck," Washu called
after her. 

Hakusana waved back but there wasn't much to wave back to. Now, all there was, was a huge cloud of dust. All she could do
was keep moving forward into the light. 

She stepped out into the fields at the end of the portal. Hakusana looked around to see two distant figures at 12 o'clock. She
pulled out her gun and started running. 

"Rosco! Stop immediately. Drop your weapons. This is the Galaxy Police!" She yelled and took a shot inches away from him. 

Rosco's eyes followed the laser as a made a burnt mark on the ground. Then he followed it's path to the shooter. "Galaxy Police
scum!" He growled and took a shot at the approaching officer, unable to see his face. 

Hakusana dove for the princess. "Get down, Aeka!" she yelled. At the same time, she took a few shots at Rosco but made sure it
would miss. 

"You're a bad shot! What happened to all the men anyway?" Rosco laughed when he realized that the officer was a she. He
looked her up and down. Long brown hair and creamy skin. She was very familiar. 

"Rosco," she said in a whisper that he was barely able to hear. 

Aeka stood up again. "Thank you for coming. Now, let's send this guy back where he came from, shall we?" 

Hakusana didn't even look at her. Instead, she continued to stare at Rosco and he continued to stare back. 

Aeka looked first at the officer then at Rosco...officer, Rosco, officer, Rosco, officer, Rosco... "Arrgh! What is happening here!"
She cried. She closed her eyes as she felt the power of the talisman on her forehead grow more powerful. She opened her eyes to
take one strong shot that would finish Rosco off. But when she opened her eyes, he was gone. 

Hakusana looked at the princess and smiled grimly. Rosco had taken off. She sighed and walked away too, leaving Aeka behind. 
---------------
End of Chapter Five 
