The characters of the Tenchi Muyo universe are the creation and possession of AIC and Pioneer
---------------
Echoes In The Mist
Camille Christansen
echoesinthemist@angelfire.com
---------------

~~ Chapter 7 ~~ 

Sasami and Emperor Asuza watched the fleet of Juraian ships leave from the main deck of Tsunami. They were to escort Aeka
and Tenchi back to Jurai and were further protection for the two. 

Sasami kept glancing at her father, nervously and sadly. Finally, Emperor Asuza said, “Sasami! Will you stop glancing at me like
that?” 

Sasami giggled. “Sorry. I won’t anymore.” 

Emperor Asuza watched her stare at the ships. She glanced at him again. He glared at her. 

“Can I please go with them?” Sasami said at last. 

“No.” 

“Why not?” 

“They already left.” 

“I can still catch up with them. My ship is Tsunami, you know,” Sasami argued. 

Emperor Asuza countered, “You can’t handle your ship yet, Sasami. Maybe when you’re older.” 

“By the time I’m old enough to handle Tsunami, it will be too late to go to earth to be with Aeka and Tenchi.” Sasami frowned in
annoyance. She tried again. “What if something happens to them? I want to be there to help Aeka and Tenchi out.” 

“That’s what the fleets are for Sasami. Besides, I have contacted the galaxy police and the commander informed me that he has
two of his best lieutenants there already. Yosho, Tenchi and Aeka can take care of themselves in the meantime. They are Juraians
after all.” 

“Aeka might be dead already!” 

“I also contacted Aeka after she sent the distress signal. She told me personally that she was all right, “ Emperor Asuza said. 

“What if someone made her say it?” 

“Sasami, you have your own obligations here. Don’t worry about your sister.” 

“I know father,” Sasami replied sadly. Even if Yosho or Aeka were the most likely ones to take the throne, she was the second
princess of Jurai and she had her own responsibilities. 

“Then you stay here okay?” Emperor Asuza started to walk away. 

“See you at dinner.” Sasami waved as he was let out of the ship. When he was gone completely, she put her hand to her side and
took a deep breath. Then she added quietly, “But it’s still not okay.” 

Sasami looked back at the window. She could barely see the ships anymore. So she turned and started walking to the main tree of
her ship. 

The main deck looked like a huge forest. The plants were one of the finest in Jurai. The streams and falls were so clear. Utterly
beautiful. It wasn’t surprising since the ship WAS Tsunami. 

Sasami strode over to the main tree. There was a small lake around it. Her reflection on the water was Tsunami. Sasami smiled to
her and she smiled back. “Hi Tsunami.” 

“You know Sasami, you have good intentions. Don’t feel so let down. You can help Aeka and Tenchi from here.” 

“But how? Desumitsu is back… and that thing.” 

“That thing. You felt it, too in his presence. It’s evil, you know.” 

“It’s something greater than a mere person like Desumitsu... or me. Something or someone higher like a god. Something like you.” 

“Evil powers. Evil intentions. Desumitsu has it all.” 

“But so many people use evil powers and intentions. Like Cain and Kagato. This feels much worse. I don’t even think it can be
stopped with all powers combined. We couldn’t even stop Desumitsu when Ryoko was around.” 

“Sasami, you have to help your sister and the others. You can do it here in Jurai too. There is a key I want you to find in the ruins.”

“The ruins are in the out lands,” Sasami complained. 

“The key will unlock all the information you need. I don’t know everything on the subject. I warn you, it will be dangerous. Avoid
the Mercury tower.” 

“Don’t worry. That’s the last place I’ll go to.” 

“Take your guardian, Madake. He will help you and he knows more than you think.” 

* * * * * 

Tenchi ran to the house. After seeing the explosion marks in the field and no people, he immediately started to get worried—a
reasonable reaction. Though, normally, getting worried about people dying was starting to become normal for him, considering
everything that had happened. 

What troubled him most was Ryoko’s death. Lots of times, it seemed like they would never make it through some battles, but they
always did. His luck just finally ran out that day. It was as tragic as his mother’s death. 

Amazingly, after Ryoko died, hardly anyone started bothering them. Except the once in a while visits of Misaki and others when
Aeka and Sasami were staying at his house. Also the suitors that were occasionally at Aeka’s heels though she always turned them
down. 

Aside from Jurai, there were no more space pirates, bounty hunters, evil scientists, etc. that would come knock on the door of the
Masaki residence. There were also no more fights around the house so not much damage was done anymore. 

Tenchi was kind of relieved already actually. He was still at a distance from the house but he could already spot Aeka pacing in the
front porch nervously. So what if maybe she was worried about something. At least she was all right… for now. 

Aeka was the first one to greet him. She called anxiously, “Tenchi!” 

“Aeka! What happened?” He slowed down to a walk and stopped when he reached Aeka’s side. He took a minute to catch his
breath. 

“Rosco is back!” 

“What? What are you talking about?” Tenchi asked, still heaving. 

“He attacked me Tenchi! I was so scared!” She hugged Tenchi for support. 

Tenchi held her awkwardly. “But you’re okay, aren’t you?” 

“Yes, but what does he want now? Ryoko’s already dead.” Aeka swallowed. “Does this mean that Desomitsu is back too?” 

“I hope not but that’s probably so.” 

“We’re the only ones here, at home.” 

“Maybe we should call grandfather. He’s in the shrine. We can’t do much about dad but he’ll probably be fine since he’s working
late today… even if it IS Saturday.” 

“Ms. Washu is in her lab but I can’t get in. She locked it. Don’t you find that strange?” 

“Let’s go inside,” Tenchi suggested. “I have to get something in my bedroom anyway.” 

Aeka nodded. “Oh and, Tenchi? There’s one more thing I wanted to talk to you about.” 

“Yes? What is it Aeka?” 

“What if…” she hesitated. “What if Ryoko wasn’t dead? What if she came back and Rosco is looking for her?” 

Tenchi didn’t move at first, not wanting to answer like it hurt him to do so. Finally, he said, “I don’t know Aeka. I wish she wasn’t
dead.” With that, he turned around and ran upstairs. 

The screen door closed on Aeka. She sat down on the porch without any expression on her face. Unable to control her anger, she
burst into tears and clenched her hand angrily. “I wish you WERE dead, Ryoko!!!” 

* * * * * 

“That still doesn’t explain why you didn’t do anything to Rosco,” Kiyone said gruffly. 

Mihoshi put her hand on her ex-partner’s shoulder. “Oh Kiyone! Let her finish the story! It was such a good one too!” 

“Okay, fine! So what was ‘the way’ to make you young?” Kiyone asked. 

“I was half Juraian remember? The trees give Juraians their youth and strength. So, Aidan put me through some sort of process and
at the end, I was young again.” Hakusana explained. 

“How do you think Funaho lives that long anyway? She is totally, thoroughly human,” Ryoko pointed out. “Tenchi is like that too…
I think.” 

“Funaho was gifted with having the youth from the trees when she married Emperor Asuza,” Washu said. “Tenchi and Yosho are
part Juraian, so they don’t need to go through the process. I don’t understand though… I’ve never heard of that kind of process.” 

Hakusana shrugged. “I don’t know what Aidan did but it worked. I’m young again. Maybe he refreshed my gift of the power of
youth from the trees or something.” 

“Wait a minute, don’t you need a Juraian tree to keep the youth?” Kiyone asked. 

“Yeah.” Hakusana nodded. “I merged Keiji with a Juraian tree so basically, I like to call him the ‘burning bush.’ So now I can stay
young, as long as I have my ship.” 

“She was going to leave Jurai anyway after she became young,” Ryoko explained. 

“What can I say? I really hated it there.” Hakusana paused. “But Aidan loved me so much, he wouldn’t let me go. He was the best
friend ever but not someone I would think of as a um… lover?” 

“He wasn’t the type.” Washu agreed as she stood up from her chair and went over to the huge computer. 

“What are you doing, Miss Washu?” Mihoshi asked. 

“Oh, I’m getting something ready,” Washu replied. 

“Will you shut up?” Ryoko raised her voice, clearly irritated. “I wanna listen to this. I never got to hear the whole thing you know.” 

Hakusana continued. “A week after I was young, I decided to leave Jurai already. Aidan got mad at me for leaving him once again
and this time, probably forever.” 

“There was a small band of space pirates in Jurai at the time,” Ryoko added. 

Hakusana glared at her. “Do you want to tell the story, or should I?” Ryoko apologized and shut up. “Anyway, Aidan was killed in
one of the battles. I watched him die. It was…terrible.” 

“Aw… that’s so sad!” Mihoshi exclaimed. 

“One of the space pirates had killed him. I swore to kill that space pirate. But I never had the chance. I’m working on it, privately,
though.” 

“Wait a minute… weren’t you on Red’s case? Was it him?” Kiyone asked. 

“Red?” Ryoko snorted. 

“No, it wasn’t uh, him,” Hakusana protested immediately. “It was someone else.” 

Kiyone put on a questioning look on her face when she hear Hakusana’s nervous answer. “Okay… then it was Rosco?” 

Ryoko rolled her eyes. “Look Kiyone. If it was Rosco… why didn’t she kill him today?” 

“That’s exactly why I’m wondering what it is with Rosco!” Kiyone yelled in exasperation, “Why didn’t you kill him!?!” 

Hakusana took a deep breath, trying to stay calm. “Can I finish first? Aidan wanted me to follow the ways of the good. That was
his last request. Since I didn’t want to stay in Jurai, I joined that galaxy police. Besides, they have most of the information on the
space pirate…” 

“I don’t care why you joined the galaxy police!” Kiyone shouted. In a calmer but still irritated tone she asked, “Can I say this
question again? Hmm? May I?” Then she yelled in Hakusana’s face, “Why didn’t you kill Rosco!?!” 

“Will you just lay off, Kiyone!?!” Hakusana yelled back. 

“You were suppose to tell a story with Rosco in it! Instead you tell me you were born in China, etc. etc.! Come to think of it…
you didn’t tell much about your space pirate life! Did you meet him there!?!” 

“She met me there,” Ryoko piped in. 

Hakusana shouted, “Yes, Kiyone! Is that what you wanted to hear?! Yes! I did know him as a space pirate! I met Ryoko back
then too!” 

“So what?! Why didn’t you kill him? What were you afraid of?!” 

“He doesn’t know I lived and joined the galaxy police, are you satisfied?!” Hakusana yelled. She plopped down on her seat and
held her head, aggravated. She started again slowly this time. “Look Kiyone, I fell in love with him. He was my boyfriend. When I
disappeared as a space pirate, I wasn’t able to contact him ever again in anyway until now.” 

Silence. 

Mihoshi said quietly, “Um, Kiyone? Maybe you should let it go for now.” 

Kiyone nodded but kept glaring at Hakusana. “Fine. I will let it go… for now.” 

* * * * * 

After Tsunami finished her instructions, Sasami went to fetch Madake. They boarded Tsunami again and left the city of Jurai. 

Even if Madake and Sasami had a guardian - princess relationship, they kept it as friends. Sasami always treated everyone the
same, no matter what class he or she was. Of course, she would also have respect when it came to older people but basically, she
was always friendly. 

“Where are we headed, Sasami?” Madake asked. 

“You can’t say anything about this, okay Madake? My dad doesn’t even know but we are going to the ruins in the out lands.” 

“Here in Jurai? Sasami, what were you thinking? This is dangerous!” 

“Precisely why I have you.” 

“That’s not the point. We are going back home.” 

“Oh Madake, you worry too much.” She looked outside the window. “We’re here.” 

They were teleported down to the ruins. Nothing was left standing perfectly… except for a tall tower in the middle of the ruins.
There were rocks everywhere and not many plants were around. 

After checking a few houses, they stepped into a mansion. It locked ancient but broken-down. There were many pillars and walls,
which were only partly complete. The covered furniture had dust spread over them. 

“This is the one,” Sasami said. 

“Who put you up to this Sasami?” Madake asked. 

“Someone, uh, powerful.” 

They walked into the next room of the house. It was the what they presumed to be the main ballroom. It was gigantic with two
floors and window that reached up to the ceiling. The paint on the walls were peeling already. The chandelier was a bit rusty but it
still shone on the dusty floor. 

Madake whistled. “Wow.” 

Sasami looked at him and smiled. “Okay start searching.” 

Madake stared at her as if she was crazy. He took a look at the ballroom again. It didn’t seem gigantic anymore. It seemed much,
much bigger. And they would have to search every part of it. 

Reluctantly, he walked to the carpeted staircase that led to the second floor of the ballroom. Since the second floor was more like
a balcony, he could still see Sasami from where he was searching. He called to Sasami on the other side of the room, “This place is
huge!” 

He barely caught Sasami’s smile. “Amazing, isn’t it?!” she called back. 

“Oh, and what am I looking for?!” Madake asked. 

“A key! I don’t know where in the room it is!” 

“Okay!” Madake dropped to his hands and started looking on the floor. Once in a while, he’d stand up and look around. 

Sasami pressed her hands on the wall and felt around. She moved her hand through the wall smoothly and swiftly. Then she
stopped. There was something, like a lump on the wall. Sasami scratched the paint off. Beneath it was the lump and it had a
gold-ish color. 

“I don’t think it’s up here on the second floor, Sasami!” Madake called again. 

“Well, I think it’s down here!” 

“Where here?!” 

“Madake, can you burn a whole through that wall?!” 

“Of course, I can!” Madake took his staff obediently. It started to glow a deep purple color. Quickly, a ray flashed from the staff
and crossed the room. The light disappeared and Madake set his staff down. Then he ran down the stairs and over to Sasami. 

The wall now had a black hole going through it. The smell of smoke from the freshly burnt wall rose in the air. In the middle of the
wall was a gold key, steaming from the blast. 

Sasami took out a cloth and held the key with it. “Beautiful,” she remarked. 

The key was gold with an exquisite design. Mainly, there were three rings inside the other, one smaller than the next. An X was
placed in the middle of the center ring. Sasami turned to Madake and said, “It’s suppose to be a map.” 

“To where?” 

“I don’t know.” Sasami sighed. She took the key, which had cooled already, and pointed to the X in the center. “See, that’s were
we have to get to.” Then she slipped the key in her pocket. 

* * * * * 

“Okay kids! Break it up!” Washu called, breaking the tension between everybody. “Come over here, will you?” 

Reluctantly, Kiyone and Hakusana stopped glaring at each other and faced Washu. Ryoko and Mihoshi followed. 

“What’s up Washu?” Mihoshi asked. Everyone else stayed silent. Hakusana and Kiyone were too mad to do anything and Ryoko
just found it smart to keep quiet. 

“My dear officers of the galaxy police,” Washu started. “You don’t even know what I wanted you to do when I asked you to
come here and already we’re saving princesses, telling stories and arguing.” 

“Sorry Miss Washu,” Mihoshi said, on behalf of the lieutenants. 

Washu gave a peace sign on both of her hands and smiled cheerfully. “Okay! You remember that we made a deal when we
arrived, am I correct?” 

Hakusana nodded. “So what do you want from us?” 

“Three years ago, Ryoko disappeared with Desumitsu on her trail. We presumed that she was dead. Am I correct?” 

“Yes,” Kiyone answered. 

“The truth was she had managed to escape but she crashed on the other side of Japan. The reason there were no contacts made
from her was because she had amnesia. Am I correct with that?” 

“Yep,” Ryoko answered. 

All three galaxy police women said at the same time, “WHAT!?!” 

“I got amnesia,” Ryoko said sheepishly. 

“Oh that explains everything.” Kiyone threw her hands up in the air. 

Washu continued. “Ryoko had an accident last night which explains the wound at her side.” 

Kiyone, Mihoshi and Hakusana glanced at Ryoko’s side only realizing now that she WAS hurt. Their glance turned into a stare as
they examined her further for any other bruises. They noticed the bump on her head. 

Washu let them look at it for a while before she started talking again. “She also hit her head in the accident which triggered her
memory to come back. Only then did she remember that she was Ryoko. I found Ryoko and so did Desumitsu for some strange
reason.” 

“Desumitsu is attacking again?” Kiyone asked. Then she muttered to herself, “So it wasn’t just Rosco who came back.” 

“Yes, according to my calculations... and my calculations are never wrong for I AM the greatest scientific genius in the universe!
Anyway, Ryoko seems to be the only one who knows why he’s after her. Unfortunately, no one else does and Ryoko can’t
remember it herself.” 

Everyone groaned. 

“She will eventually but by the time that happens, Desumitsu will probably have killed us by then so we have to speed the process
up,” Washu said. 

“And how do you propose we do that?” Hakusana asked with a tone of doubt in her voice. 

“Through this. I like to call it the controller.” Washu held up a flat, black, round device that fit in her palm. It was a piece that fit
behind her ear as she demonstrated. “This here, is our key inside Ryoko’s subconscious mind where we will unlock her memory.”
“What?” Kiyone demanded. 

“When you have amnesia, everything is compacted into a part of your brain and enclosed in a wall,” Washu explained. “Since this
is virtual reality, everything will seem like a picture. The wall will be there and we will have to break it. Along the way, the parts you
will see will all be related to Ryoko’s life or dreams.” 

Everyone took a quick glance at Ryoko. Ryoko shrugged and ignored them. “So for example Washu,” she said. “If I dream about
kissing Tenchi we’ll see me and Tenchi kissing?” 

Washu nodded. “Or if you dream about Desumitsu killing you, you’ll just might see that too.” 

Ryoko frowned. “I’ll probably see me killing you,” she muttered under her breath. 

Washu raised her eyebrow. “I’ll ignore that. Since this is Ryoko’s mind, she will have the most control. And since Ryoko probably
wants to have privacy in her memory, once the wall is broken, I will transport you back to reality immediately.” 

“Wait a minute! Hold everything!“ Hakusana put her hands into a T signaling time out. “Let me get this straight. We go in, break
the wall and leave?” 

“You got it!” Washu smiled. 

“And then we receive our part of the deal? The information on Desumitsu.” 

“Absolutely.” 

“Great…and if anything goes wrong? What if someone slices us up in Ryoko’s mind?” 

Washu stroked her chin. “I’m serious but basically, I think you die in real life as well.”
---------------
End of chapter seven

