The characters of the Tenchi Muyo universe are the creation and possession of AIC and Pioneer
---------------
Echoes In The Mist
Camille Christiansen
echoesinthemist@angelfire.com
---------------

~~ Prologue ~~ 

The staff of reality struck Ryoko like lighting. She was dying. Desumitsu's blows were sharp and the latest had slit her side. At first
and for a second, she was shocked and numb. Then the pain flushed all over her. Ryoko gave a piercing cry and dropped to her
knees 

"Help me," she whispered in anguish. 

Desumitsu towered over her, laughing. 

Blood was dripping from the huge slit on her left side. The mud was mixed with her blood into a crimson color. Her head was
pounding from the pain. She was getting weaker. 

Despite that, Ryoko staggered up and threatened Desumitsu, "You are not going to win. Not this fight. Not any fight. I'm not
beaten yet." 

Desumitsu laughed again. "This finishes here," he said as he opened his palm. An energy ball started to form. 

"No," Ryoko tried to call out though nothing came out of her mouth. She could not support herself anymore and she collapsed to
the ground. 

Suddnely, Ryoko heard a voice call her name. She looked up weakly. Her friends were there. Her Tenchi. 

Desumitsu hesitated. 

Ryoko pushed herself up to run to Tenchi. Her arm brushed against Desumitsu. He grabbed the scarf around her waist. It tore and
Ryoko fell into Tenchi's arms. 

Desumitsu's eyes shot daggers as Kiyone started to shoot him. Her blows didn't harm him, though they did give the game some
time. 

Desumitsu put the scarf in his pocket then opened his palms to form another energy ball. He could feel it's power building up.
Taking aim, he blasted at Ryoko. 

Aeka produced a shield. The blast missed. But the shield wouldn't last long. 

Ryoko finsihed her last words, closed her eyes and died. A light opened around them from Ryo-ohki, who was flying above. 

"Tenchi!" Aeka screamed. 

Tenchi jumped away, avoiding Desumitsu's blow. It probably would have hit Ryoko but Ryo-ohki teleported Ryoko up into the
ship. 

Desumitsu teleported away, himself, into his own ship, leaving Tenchi and company behind. 
---------------
End of Prologue



