The characters of the Tenchi Muyo Universe are the creation and possession of AIC and Pioneer
---------------
Echoes In The Mist
Camille Christansen
echoesinthemist@angelfire.com
---------------

~~Chapter 14~~ 

It was only a few hours until daybreak. 

The group had planted themselves in the Masaki living room. No one had gotten any sleep but despite their exhaustion, they were
wide awake. Each was deep in their own thoughts. There was the possible exception of Mihoshi. 

She was asleep on the armchair. Tenchi was pacing back and forth. Ryoko had stationed herself on a beam in the ceiling. Aeka
was sitting on the couch and Kiyone was sitting on the other side. Hakusana was in her usual place: leaning on a wall with her arms
across her chest. 

A creak of the door broke the silence. Everyone turned to see the door to the lab open and Washu stepped out. She was the only
one smiling in the group. 

"What's wrong with everyone?" Washu laughed. 

Everyone stared daggers at her. 

She laughed again. "Actually, don't answer that. Can everyone step in the lab for a moment?" 

Everyone reluctantly stood up and headed for the lab. Kiyone shook Mihoshi awake. Mihoshi groaned, not waking up. "I don't
wanna go to school," she whined. 

"Wake up Mihoshi!" Ryoko commanded, pushing her off the armchair. 

Mihoshi woke up and looked at Ryoko unhappily. "Not a really nice thing to do, Ryoko. I was asleep you know. That was rude,"
she scolded. 

"You're so infuriating," Hakusana smiled as if it was a compliment. 

Mihoshi smiled back, "I know. Thank you!" 

After a few sighs and groans, the group proceeded into Washu's lab. They entered the marine studies of the lab. It was filled with
tanks of all sizes, containing marine animals all over the universe. The place was mostly metal but at times there were just a circle of
rocks with water inside. There were small fish there, starfish, turtles and some alien fish. 

They entered a tunnel. Instead of rocks or metal, the walls were glass. Behind the glass were more fish, corals etc. 

"They're 10 inches thick," Washu explained proudly. 

Out of the blue, Mihoshi asked, "By the way, what does infuriating mean?" 

Eyes rolled once more and people started to groan and sigh. The group kept moving until they reached the end of the tunnel. It was
a room but just like the tunnel, its walls were glass with fish behind them. 

"Okay, I feel like settling down here," Washu said as a pillow appeared under her. She spread her fingers apart and a transparent
computer materialized under them. 

"I think I want some explanations," Aeka said after a small pause. 

Washu nodded, "You're absolutely right. Nothing should be kept hidden. After all, we're all part of this and you have the right to
know what you're part of." 

"I think I should start," Kiyone volunteered. "First of all, we are all probably going to be experiencing what we did three years ago
when we presumed Ryoko had died." 

"You didn't die," Tenchi said, looking at Ryoko. 

Ryoko smiled. She took his hand and squeezed it hearing a growl from Aeka. "No I didn't. I had summoned Ryo-ohki to try to
leave. Then you guys came and I fell unconscious," Ryoko explained. 

Everything else was explained too: the amnesia, the galaxy police officers, how they unlocked the amnesia, Hakusana, and Sasami. 

"So who exactly are who dealing with?" Tenchi asked. "Before, only Desumitsu and Rosco attacked. Who are all these other
people?" 

"Can anyone identify the beast looking guy?" Washu inquired. 

"That's Dakota Hisuke," Hakusana answered. "A.k.a. Griffin. Case number 82130102. like you would care." 

"No, no, that helps," Washu said. She typed in her computer and a file came up. "I'm looking his profile up from the galaxy police
files." 

Kiyone looked over Washu's shoulder to look at the screen and read the profile. She said, "Griffin doesn't really have any super
powers except for his amazing strength. He can fly with his bat looking winds and all. His tail can be an amazing whip. Plus it has a
blade with poison, so watch out for that. His claws could be a problem too." 

Ryoko tapped Hakusana on the shoulder and asked, "Why does he sound so familiar?" 

Hakusana shook her head and grinned, "We worked together, remember?" 

Ryoko frowned, trying to remember. Then in clicked into her head. "Oh yeah! Bat-boy!" she started laughing hysterically. 

Hakusana answered everyone's puzzled faces. "Griffin didn't used to be such a big strong guy. He was deadly though, with his tail,
claws and agility because of his wings. He was actually puny looking, back then. Ryoko used to make fun of him and call him." 

"Bat-boy," Ryoko finished. She grinned. "He must be pissed at me." 

Aeka pouted. "I don't see why you're laughing, Ryoko. "With so many people against you, you have a lot of chance to die..." 

"He can't beat me," Ryoko answered, in an irritated tone. "And why are you on this side anyway. Go join them." 

Kiyone shook her head. "I wouldn't know about you beating him. I was helpless when I was trying to fight him." She had gotten a
huge swipe on her back. Her shirt was torn and her back was scarred. At this point though, Washu had already applied bandages
during the explanations. 

Mihoshi said, "Who's that really pretty girl?" 

"V," Hakusana snarled. "And I don't think she's pretty at all." 

"No, but she is!" Mihoshi insisted. "Her face looked so fragile and white. She has amazing blond hair. You could practically get
lost staring in her deep blue eyes. And her smile is to die for! What's there not to like?" 

Ryoko looked at Hakusana sympathetically. 

Aeka shook her head as she watched Mihoshi. Then she said, "V said she was from the planet Cleonith of the what system?" 

"The Kield system," Kiyone answered. 

"Apparently, she's half goddess," Washu said. "No exact profile on her. No criminal records. No nothing." 

"So what's her story?" Tenchi asked. 

"Simple really. A goddess created her. A third of her DNA is pure divinity. The rest is human," Washu explained. "That human
DNA is obviously from another human. And that human will be found on the planet Cleonith." 

Mihoshi stared at Washu with a blank expression on her face. "What are you talking about, Miss Washu?" 

Washu ignored Mihoshi and continued, "V has mental powers. Very strong mental powers, I might add. But that's about it, as far
as I know. Of course, I could be wrong. I did only see her once. Tsunami helped a little." 

"So which goddess? How come it can't be a god?" Tenchi asked. 

"Well, the divinity part is from the mothers side. Frankly, I believe it was Tokimi. Sasami and Tsunami are checking in on that." 

"Who's that other girl?" Aeka asked. 

Tenchi pointed to Ryoko. "She called her Akari. Did you know her, Ryoko?" 

"Yeah." Ryoko frowned and turned away. "Akari Hirasheal." 

Hakusana continued for her. "They were best friends. Apparently, Scorpion brainwashed her or something so now she's with
them." 

"I want to know what she's capable of now," Kiyone said. 

"She used a gun to attack," Tenchi answered after some thought. "She's probably still as ordinary as ever. No super powers.
Difference is: how she thinks." 

"Rosco is gaining more power," Ryoko said. "He attacked me by summoning creatures from his home planet." 

Aeka nodded. "I saw them. That's why I was wondering where all those creatures from Symel came from. It's no where near
earth after all. And men of Symel are very selfish. They never follow another person." 

"Rosco Spiel," Ryoko said his name out loud. "I know he's a magician and all, but summoning wasn't in his spell book before. It
would take a little longer than three years to perfect a spell like that. I think. Unless he had a power." 

The answer clicked into Washu's brain. "I think he's gaining power from the Dark Lord. That's their bargain. That's why they're
doing it. For the power." 

"Who's the Dark Lord anyway?" Tenchi asked."You were talking about Sasami researching on him, but I still don't understand.
Why doesn't he ever show up?" 

"He's another partner of theirs. He's been with them since the beginning. Since Scorpion attacked us and even before that,"
Washu answered. 

"Which makes me come to the same question I have been asking since Desumitsu attacked," Aeka said. "Why does Desumitsu
want Ryoko dead." 

Ryoko interrupted her. "Okay! Now that we have everything explained. What are we going to do? We'll have to destroy them
sometime." 

"I still want to know why." Aeka started. 

"Let's storm their ship!" Hakusana cried happily. "I haven't done that in a really long time." 

"It would be better if we took them down silently. One by one," Kiyone suggested. 

Tenchi shook his head. "They're watching the house, I bet. They know where we are. We have no idea where their position is." 

Washu laughed. "On the contrary, their ship is directly above us. It's 51,336 kilometers up in the air. They're invisible to the human
eye and earth's satellites but they can't hide from my machines." 

"You know," Ryoko said quietly. "This whole mission feels incomplete. It's missing something." 

Everyone looked at her. 

"Like what?" Hakusana asked. 

Ryoko just stood there, thinking silently. Then she looked up and everyone and smiled. "Ryo-ohki," she answered. 

* * * * * 

"Okay, so we go get Ryo-ohki and we're out of there, affirmative?" Washu asked. 

"Oui," Hakusana answered in French as she took her place in the captain's chair. 

The gang had boarded the ships. Hakusana and Ryoko were on Keiji and Kiyone, Mihoshi, Washu, Aeka and Tenchi were in
Magame. Hakusana and Kiyone steered their ships through the air. Everyone had gone to sleep and rested except for Ryoko and
Washu who were directing the two pilots, Hakusana and Kiyone. 

"So where in the Pacific ocean did you crash exactly?" Kiyone asked Ryoko through the monitor. 

"Near Japan," Ryoko answered briskly. 

A question that had popped up in the group was why they couldn't just summon Ryo-ohki. Ryoko said one of Ryo-ohki's engines
were lost. Washu said it didn't matter because by now, it probably would have healed. So Ryoko would still be able to summon
her without Ryo-ohki having trouble in flying. 

So Ryoko did summon Ryo-ohki. Then for some strange reason, Ryoko said Ryo-ohki said she couldn't move. They tried again
but Ryo-ohki just wouldn't budge. 

Questions arose again and finally, with some objections, the gang decided they go check out Ryo-ohki. Besides, she was a very
special member of the group as far as Ryoko and Washu were concerned. 

The two ships soared high through the clouds above Japan. Ryoko watched the path she had taken three years ago through the
lightly misted window. She directed Hakusana and Kiyone where to go. 

"I lost him around here by taking a fast dive," Ryoko said. 

The ships plummeted under the clouds. Blue stretched under them to the horizon till the beaches of Japan. 

"That's the place!" Ryoko pointed over to a spot in the ocean. "I can sense Ryo-ohki there." 

The ships proceeded forward. Then this huge blast of air pushed the two ships backward ever so slightly. Hakuana, Ryoko,
Washu and Kiyone looked up to see what it was. But nothing was there. Yet, it was up there. Hakusana spotted the waves first.
"Look!" she cried. Right over the spot Ryo-ohki was in, huge waves were forming. It was like something was blowing from above
and pushing the water away. 

"Like a ship hovering above water," Kiyone whispered. 

Washu's head turned abruptly to Kiyone. "What did you say?" she demanded. Immediately, she sat down in the co-pilots seat
typing at the controls. 

"What are you doing?" Hakusana asked. 

"I'm using Magame to get into my computer and check that thing out," Washu answered. 

"Should we proceed?" Ryoko inquired. 

Kiyone was looking at the monitor where Washu's computer memory had appeared. Washu opened a window and the ocean
scenery in front of them had appeared on it, except zoomed in. Kiyone peered closer at the computer screen. Then suddenly, a
ripple. 

"Did you see that?!" Washu cried, victoriously. 

"See what?" Hakusana and Ryoko asked at the same time since they couldn't see Washu's computer screen. 

"It was a ripple in the sky. There's a ship there!" Kiyone cried. 

Washu typed in a few things. A red line zoomed across the computer and scanned the picture. Then a silhouette of a ship
appeared. 

Kiyone's jaw dropped, "Is that.?" 

"Desumitsu?" Ryoko suggested, though she still couldn't see the screen. 

Washu nodded. 

"Let's kill them!" Hakusana cried a typical statement of hers. Before anyone could protest, she sent the Keiji flying to the spot.
Kiyone had no choice but to follow. 

Desumitsu and company must have seen them coming and realize they probably figured them out. So the ship appeared. 

Washu gasped. 

"What?" Kiyone asked. 

Ryoko frowned. "Isn't that ship. the Soujia?" 

"The what?" Hakusana asked. 

"It sure looks like it!" Washu said angrily. "How'd they copy it?! I demand to know how they got those blue prints!" 

"It not exactly the same maybe," Ryoko said uneasily. 

Hakusana though, didn't really care if it was the 

Soujia or any other space ship. What she did care about why they were after Ryo-ohki. "I bet they put a force field over Ryo-ohki
to hold her down," Hakusana muttered. 

Washu glanced at her from the monitor but she didn't say anything. Instead, she left the pilot's cabin. Seconds later, she came out
with Aeka, Tenchi and Mihoshi. 

"Washu told us what's happening," Tenchi said. 

"So what are we going to do?" Aeka asked. 

Mihoshi sat down at the co-pilot's seat and yawned. "I didn't sleep a wink!" 

"Computer, auto-pilot," Kiyone commanded as she stood up from her chair. "Time to put these guys away." 

Hakusana nodded in agreement. "Keiji, take care of things okay?" 

"You joining us Washu?" Tenchi asked. He stepped into the teleporting machine. 

"I'll just cheer you guys on from here, thanks," Washu grinned as they all teleported away. 

* * * * * 

When they got to the top deck of the ship, they found Desumitsu, Rosco, V, Akari and Griffin waiting for them already. 

Tenchi took charge. "What is it this time, Desumistsu?" 

"Ryoko. She's the only one I want," Desumitsu answered. "Well?" 

"You're not getting anyone," Tenchi shook his head. 

"Neither are you," V said, staring directly at Haksuana. 

Haksuana just stared back angrily. 

"Perhaps the reason you are so quiet is because you know you're fighting a loosing battle," V continued, flashing her eyes at
Hakusana again. "And I mean that in more ways than one." 

"V!" Rosco cried. 

"Honey, whose side are you on?" V asked sweetly and Rosco shut up. She went on, "It's going to be so easy to defeat you. A
pleasure too." 

Hakusana just stood there, silent and swallowing, trying to not listen to V's taunting. 

"Too bad you can't stick around for the ride, Red," V smiled. 

"You're mine!" Hakusana gave a battle cry. She took a huge leap across the ship shooting knives out at the same time. 

V gasped as she Hakusana grasped her throat tightly. Her throat's flesh started to burn. V realized fire was starting to appear
around Hakusana. *The firebird! She's burning me!* 

"Hakusana, no!" Rosco cried, pushing Hakusana away from V. 

Haksuana flipped away. 

V grasped her throat. She glared at Hakusana as she started working on her power. Her talisman started to glow. 

"What the hell?" Hakusana cried. She started to float in the air and it was like this invisible hand had grasped her neck. 

V smiled, "You see, I don't even have to touch you to kill you. It's all the mind." 

Hakusana burned with hatred. Her body followed her emotions, lighting up with fire. A sudden burst of energy freed her from V's
grasp. 

V lost her concentration and lost her grasp on Haksuana. Hakusana leaped on her and the two women struggled. They both
toppled over the ship and into the water. 

Kiyone saw the opportunity to attack while everyone was shocked. Taking her gun she leaped onto the "Soujia" and took a shot
at Griffin. 

Griffin howled in pain. Then he ran toward Kiyone. Kiyone rolled away and took a few more shots. Bulls eye. 

By now everyone was fighting the other. Rosco had gone for Aeka. Akari had gone for Ryoko. Desumitsu was about to get
Ryoko too when Tenchi stopped him, so they started to fight instead. 

"Akari, I can't fight you," Ryoko protested, but she formed her sword anyway. 

"Nice. I have a new interest in sword fighting myself," Akari laughed taking the sword at her side. But it was an ordinary sword
and nothing like Ryoko's energy sword. 

Akari slashed her sword so fast that all the human eye could see was a blur. But Ryoko was just as fast. She blocked each hit,
backing up slowly. Behind her, Aeka was hopelessly trying to fight Rosco. Like before, their powers were matched. Neither could
hit the other. 

Aeka and Ryoko stepped toward each other so they were now back to back. Akari and Rosco circled them like how a predator
circles its prey. 

"I'm not doing too well," Aeka smiled glumly. 

"You never are," Ryoko grinned. "But I'm not doing to well either so I can't boast. I can't hit my best friend you know." 

"What? Wait a minute, don't you get it?" Aeka said as created a small force field, stopping Rosco's attack. Then she summoned
her logs around Rosco. 

"Get what?" 

"She's not Akari anymore, Ryoko. It's a kill or be killed world out there. You choose your fate!" 

Desumitsu once again blocked Tenchi's blow 

effortlessly. "Are you a man or aren't you, boy? Give me your best shot!" 

Tenchi heaved from exhaustion. Desumitsu had become so much better over the years. His moves didn't seem to change, yet
Tenchi couldn't even hit Desumitsu at least once anymore. Tenchi took another try, leaping behind Desumistsu. Desumitsu could
feel the attack coming on and he dodged to the right. Still, Tenchi was able to slash the Tenchiken through his skin. He drew the
sword out of Desumitsu. 

Desumitsu's face flushed with pain. He looked at the stab. The sword burned his skin and worse, stabbed him. Desumitsu started
laughing. It didn't matter. The blow wasn't enough. 

Tenchi gasped as Desumitsu healed the wound. "You see boy, it's hopeless," Desumitsu smiled. "I'm just too powerful." 

Suddenly, two figures leaped over him. One was Ryoko and the other was Akari. 

"I liked it before you were powerful," Ryoko commented, glancing at Desumitsu but still concentrating on Akari. 

"I like being powerful," Desumitsu declared. 

"I'd like to kill you," Tenchi said. 

"I'd like to kill you," Akari repeated but directed it at Ryoko. 

"I hate this!" Mihoshi wailed from the other side of the ship. Griffin was chasing her. Kiyone was losing so Mihoshi took a few
shots at Griffin to help her friend out. It worked except now, Griffin was mad at her. 

"Hold on Mihoshi!" Kiyone called. Holding out her gun, she took a few shots at Griffin. *Missed. Damn, out of ammo.* 

"Aaaahh!!" Mihoshi yelled as Griffin swooped down on her, carrying her into the sky. 

Kiyone loaded her gun. With her arm extended, she aimed carefully. She followed Griffin slowly across the sky. 

BAM! 

It was like this huge bird fell from the sky. Mihoshi was released from Griffin's grasp. Griffin snapped out from the shock of the hit
and flew away, landing on the ship. But Mihoshi was still falling from the sky and into the sea. 

The suddenly, this red bird made out of fire shot out from the sea. The water below her was steaming. If you look closely, you
could see Haksuana in the middle of the bird. Hakusana caught Mihoshi and brought her to the deck of the ship. 

Rosco jumped away from Aeka and toward Hakusana. "Where's V?" 

Hakusana glared at him when suddenly, the ship began to shake. Everyone fell down except for Desumitsu. He grinned. "This
child's play is over." The Souija began to rise. Under was another ship: Ryo-ohki. 

"Get off my ship," Desumitsu commanded. A bolt of energy glared from his hands and Tenchi and company flew off board. 

The Souija began to lift with Ryo'ohki fastened under it. Through the glass, you could see V handling Ryo-ohki from inside in the
main deck. 

"Take a hostage," Desumitsu commanded. 

Griffin nodded and swooped down catching one of the girls before they fell into the water. Then he flew off again together with the
Souija and Ryo-ohki. 

Tenchi and the rest of the group plunged into the water. They surfaced again watching the two ships and their passengers fly away. 

The sun just peeked over the horizon. The moon was going down. So were they. 
---------------
End of Chapter 14 
