




						   Seven


 Disregarding all the other's questions, Washu walks silently back to her lab. 
Not a word to any of them. Her hands clasped in front of her, she walks through 
the emptiness of her lab towards her main computer console. She sits on the 
chair and closes her eyes, reveling in the silence. After a long silence, her 
eyes slowly open and she stares into the depths of her lab.

 "How long have you been standing there?"

 From a shadow behind her, the figure of Jaaku emerges and looks at the young 
girl. "Since I left from the others." She nods slightly but doesn't even look at 
him. 

 "Why did you come here?" Her questions meets silence once again as Jaaku just 
looks at her back for a moment. 

 "I.....want to know if something is wrong with me." Washu turns slowly, 
surprised by his request. Jaaku places his hand over the place where Ryoko 
stabbed her sword in his arm. "I seem to be having trouble concentrating lately. 
It happens when Ryoko is around. Maybe......her jems are affecting my orbs." His 
word are barley spoken as he looks at the place on his shoulder.

 "Maybe they aren't affecting you at all. Maybe it is Ryoko." Washu suggests and 
clasps her hands in front of her. Jaaku looks at her like she is crazy. "Maybe 
meeting your sister for the first time has awoken some feelings you haven't felt 
before."

 "Bah, impossible. I am five thousand years old. At some point these 'feelings' 
would have surfaced before. Just run a test to see if the Nataki orbs are being 
affected so that I may resume my search for Dargon." Washu winces at his words, 
but decided to do as he asks. She walks over to a large machine and starts 
typing on a clear control panel.

 "Come over here and step into the machine." Jaaku is reluctant and lowers his 
hand from his shoulder. Washu looks at him oddly and blinks. "I am not going to 
hurt you, Jaaku. If you want the orbs scanned, you must get into this tank." 
Jaaku looks at her for a moment, then walks over to the machine. He gives her 
one last look before stepping into the tank as she asked.

 "If this is a trick....."

 "Have a little faith in your own mother." She interupts and glares at him. He 
sighs and crosses his arms over his chest as the door to the tank closes. A red 
mist fills the tank and Jaaku closes his eyes. After a few minutes, a panel on 
the machine lights up and she looks over at it. "What happened to the orbs in 
your collar?!" she almost shrieks. Jaaku's eyes slowly open and he reaches 
behind him, taking Shibo-Ken-bo from his back. He holds the top of it towards 
her and she looks at two elliptical orbs in the hilt near where the blade comes 
out. "They are in this sword?" Jaaku nods and replaces the hilt behind his back. 
"You must tell me how you did that, Jaaku." Her voice was almost warm with pride 
of his accomplishment but he just crosses his arms again and waits for the test 
to be over. Her face dims a bit and she looks over the panel once again. "Well, 
just as I predicted, the Nataki orbs are still functioning as they always have. 
There is a .01% chance they would be being affected by Ryoko's jems. The tank 
door opens and the red mist seeps out around Jaaku. He steps out also and looks 
at his hands.

 "I don't understand. There has to be something wrong." 

 "There is nothing wrong. You are feeling a natural attraction to your sister. 
You two really are so much alike." She smiles weakly and looks at him. He looks 
up to her and tilts his head a moment, pondering what she has said.

 "Tell me about Ryoko. When did you create her?" Washu gets a little bit of 
relief as he speaks to her with no tone of hatred for the first time.

 "About two thousand years after I created you. I used many of the same 
techniques on her. The only major difference is her jems are vastly different 
from your orbs. While your orbs are dimensionally based, hers are terrestrially. 
She can fly, manipulate energy and matter and teleport." she explains.

 "But I can manipulate matter and energy and teleport through dimensions also." 

 Washu blinks for a moment, "Of course you can! Of course I knew that." she 
cheers. He blinks also and looks at her strangely. "So how about letting me run 
a few more tests on you, my little Jaaku? I want to see if you are doing okay." 

 "I am doing fine. And do not call me that." He snorts and turns to walk away 
from her.

 "Fine, just walk away from your mother. Who cares if she only trying to see if 
you are okay." she says loudly and puts her fists on her hips. He stops and 
stands there for a moment. "Please, Jaaku? I just want to know if you are okay." 
He slowly turns his head to look at her and lets out a belated sigh.


 "What was that all about? Washu's son? I can't believe it." Tenchi says and 
rubs his head.

 "Jaaku....here? What are we going to do Kiyone?" Mihoshi looks over at Kiyone 
but she is yelling into some kind of device. They all look over at her and she 
hits the device with her hand.

 "Miki, come in! This is Special Detective Kiyone, answer me. Do you read, 
Miki?" 

 "Who is Miki?" Tenchi asks and rubs his head.

 Kiyone sighs and lowers down the device, "Miki is not a person. The Miki is a 
GP battleship in this area along with it's sister ship. If this truly is Jaaku, 
we will need both of those ships to arrest him."

 "He's that dangerous?" Tenchi asks. Kiyone looks at him and nods with a serious 
look on her face.

 "He didn't seem so evil to me." Sasami says with a cheery smile.  

 "Jaaku is one of the most dangerous criminals in the universe, Sasami. Any GP 
officer who has attempted to arrest him was either put in the hospital or worse. 
Being as it is only Mihoshi and I, I am afraid we may be in a bit of trouble." 
Kiyone says and looks over at Mihoshi. Mihoshi is rubbing her hand and whining 
how the gun hurt it when she shot it. 


 "Physical cumberence....check. Muscular fortitude....check. Facial 
degradation....minimal." Washu says as she circles a figure. Jaaku stands 
motionless covered by nothing more than a metal device covering his waist and 
the clasps around his wrists. His orange eyes are closed and his face relaxed, 
Washu examines his hair. "Follicle strength and density....nominal." she says 
and types into her panel. She moves to the next spot and examines him more. 
Tubes and wires are attached all over his lean body. His torso, perfectly shaped 
with the curves of a lean muscle mass, shade her face as she examines his chest. 
"You certainly have kept excellent care of your body, my dear Jaaku." His 
handsome face doesn't even twitch as she adjust the tube in his chest. "Yep, you 
are basically in the same shape as you were when before you were awoken. I must 
say, I had forgotten how handsome you were. You must have had to just beat the 
girls off you with Shibo-Ken-bo." she says and smiles at him. Again his face 
doesn't even move and she pats his cheek, "You are so cute. You better watch 
out, you may steal all these girls away from Tenchi." she says and giggles. 
Again silence and she continues typing on her panel.

 Her door opens and Ryoko pokes her head in, "Washu? If you got a minute could 
you...." she says but trails off. Washu looks to the door as it closes and 
blinks. She looks back and Ryoko is doing an examination of her own on Jaaku. 
She looks at his face slightly covered by some stray strands of green hair. She 
moves down to look at his lean chest and arms. She looks at every aspect of his 
body and blinks wildly.

 "Well, what do you think of your brother? Not bad, is he?" Washu says with a 
grin.

 Ryoko looks at her and blinks more, "He is.....is...." she stutters.

 "Yes, I know. He was made with an attractive body so any girl would find him 
desirable. Not just looks, he has charm, class, sexual magnetism. Even his 
sister is going red at the sight of him. Only I am immune to it because it 
wouldn't be right for a mother to be attracted to her son." she says and grins.

 Ryoko glares at his relaxed face and rubs her head, "This jerk is my brother? I 
don't even like the guy but he is just so...so.." she repeats again.

 "Just so irresistible?" Jaaku says and opens his orange eyes. She winces and 
blinks, "Well, how nice of you, Ryoko. That's quite a compliment." he says and 
tilts his head a bit.

 Ryoko shakes her head and glares at him, "He looks so nice until he opens his 
big mouth! Charm huh? More like only the charm that would work on a sea bass." 
she growls at him.

 "Now now, Ryoko. Be nice. I have just gotten through with his first physical 
ever. He passed with flying colors." Washu says and smiles widely.

 "Very well, Washu." Jaaku says flatly and begins removing the hoses and tubing.

 "Aww, not even you will call me mom?" Washu whines. Jaaku blinks at her and 
looks at Ryoko, who sticks her tongue out at him.

 "Ryoko! Have you talked to Washu yet?" Ayeka says and steps through the door. 
She stops suddenly and gasps at the sight. Her eyes slowly move over Jaaku's 
mostly exposed body and she blushes wildly.

 Jaaku removes the last of the hoses and sees her, "Oh, Princess Ayeka. I 
suppose I am not very dressed at the moment My apologies." he says and bows 
lightly. She only just stares and stands there. "I do need to find my clothes 
quickly." he says.

 "Oh....don't go to any bother....on my account." she says quietly and blankly.

 A grin crosses Jaaku's face and he lifts his pants from a hanger next to him. 
"You are acting rather odd, Princess. Is everything all right?." Ryoko rolls her 
eyes at him and looks away.

 "Yes.....everything is....fine." Ayeka says blankly again.

 "Well, the emperor would be delighted to hear that, Princess." he says.

 "Yes.....my father....." she says in the same tone. Washu smiles a bit and 
looks at Ayeka.

 "Well, if my presence is no longer required, I shall leave.." Jaaku says and 
slides his pants on. He turns around and gives Ryoko a sideward glance, "Charm 
and class." he says and quirks his brow.

 Ryoko realizes he was just proving a point and smirks, "Oh gimme a break." she 
says.

 He gathers the rest of his clothing and walks towards the exit of the lab. He 
stops next to Ayeka and takes her hand in his, "It was a pleasure to see you 
again, Princess." he says and kisses her hand softly. She blushes furiously and 
raises her other hand to cover her red face. His orange eyes stay on her as he 
leaves and closes the door behind him, leaving a grinning Washu, "Well, at least 
his visual acuity seems to be all right." she says. Ryoko mutters something and 
crosses her arms. Washu grins and then looks to Ayeka, "Miss Ayeka? Did you need 
me for something?"

 "Hmmmm?" Ayeka says and finally opens her eyes smiling.

 "The shadow, Ayeka. Remember?" Ryoko says and again rolls her eyes. 

 Ayeka snapped out of her trance and went even more red in embarrassment, "Oh 
yes. Miss Washu? Sasami says she saw a dark shadow in one of her dreams. It was 
coming to Earth and she said it scared her. Could you somehow see if anything 
like that is happening in real life?" she asks.

 "Yes, I will do it after I processed this information on Jaaku." Washu says and 
taps on her panel. Ayeka goes red again at his name and sighs. 

 "Probably that guy. Maybe I aughta keep an eye on him." Ryoko says and looks at 
the door.

 "I doubt you will have to, Ryoko. Jaaku seems to be quite interested in you 
also." Ryoko looks at Washu and blinks. "He is your brother, after all. There is 
no surprise he would take a liking to his little sister." Washu cheers and 
smiles widely at Ryoko. 

 "Yeah, whatever." Ryoko says and floats into the air. Washu smirks at her then 
hears Ayeka sigh. She looks down and Ayeka is looking blankly into the lab with 
a slightly red face. 

 "Miss Ayeka, perhaps you should go wait outside and get some fresh air." Washu 
suggest with a grin. Ayeka nods dreamily and walks to the exit of the lab.

 As she walks out, Ryoko scoffs, "What an idiot. Getting all gooey over Jaaku. I 
still don't trust him, Washu." She looks at Washu but Washu is sitting at her 
console quietly typing. Ryoko sighs and thinks to herself, 'Maybe I should go 
keep an eye on him.' With that she disappears and leaves Washu quietly working.  
