The characters of the Tenchi Muyo universe are the creation and possession of AIC and Pioneer
---------------
Echoes In The Mist
Camille Christansen
echoesinthemist@angelfire.com
---------------

~~ Chapter 9 ~~  Wrapped in her kimono Aeka lay on her bed that night. She was shivering beneath the thin cover of her soft
cream wool blanket. It was actually early to go to sleep, 6:00 p.m. Everything that happened just tired her so much. Especially
using her tiara talisman. 

 She didn't know what to think about Ryoko. She used to be so sure that Ryoko was dead but now, she wasn't so certain
anymore. Who was that Misato Nihana person if Ryoko was dead? Could Ryoko be haunting her? If Ryoko was alive, why did
she give the name Misato? And what was taking her so long to come out? 

 Aeka crawled out of her bed. Things weren't going well. She was so close to getting Tenchi to Jurai when Misato and Rosco
appear. She was so close. 6 more days. Maybe she could live through this. 

 Aeka smoothened her dress and fixed her hair. Her cheeks had gotten hot and were tinted into a pale pink. She closed the lights
and stepped out of the door. Aeka's feet padded softly on the smooth wood. She took a deep breath and knocked on Tenchi's
door. 

 Tenchi opened it. "Oh, hi Aeka." 

 "Um, Tenchi, can we talk?" 

 Tenchi sighed. "Sure, come in." He opened the door wider and let Aeka inside. He closed the door behind him and sat down on a
chair. 

 Aeka sat down on the bed. "It's about Ryoko." 

 "Oh." Tenhci nodded his head. "Well, to tell you the truth, I've been thinking about her too." He squirmed when he saw Aeka
glare at him for a moment. *Good going genius, you just made her mad.* 

 Aeka narrowed her eyes on him. "So what have you been thinking about her?" 

 Tenchi trembled, not daring to talk about the subject with Aeka but she urged him on with her eyes. Finally he said,  "I keep
seeing her, Aeka. Like visions. Does that make sense?" 

 "Ah, I see. Do you see her in her sleep or you just see her walking around?" 

 "I see her walking around. She stops, looks at me and smiles at me. But she never approaches me. Maybe I'm daydreaming it or
just plain dreaming." 

 "I think starting to get this now. You know what, I think Washu knows the answers to all of this. She's Ryoko's mother after all
and they have a link." 

 "Washu said she doesn't know where Ryoko is. Their link was cut off, remember?" 

 "And so she says. Have you seen Washu crying over Ryoko when Ryoko died? Have you even seen her look sad? Why is her
door locked today when Ryoko suddenly appears?" 

 "You have a point there. What if it's entirely coincidental?" 

 "Washu will forgive us. She'll understand. But if I'm guessing right, Ryoko is down there in her lab. Rosco wouldn't attack again if
not for Ryoko." 

 "I guess we could ask Washu," Tenchi said, doubtingly. 

 Aeka put on a satisfied smile. "Glad you saw it my way. Come on." She got up from the bed and went outside. 

 Tenchi grabbed his sword, just in case something happened. He sighed and shook his head. Tenchi was closing his door when he
heard Aeka scream. Immediately, he ran down the stairs and saw Aeka collapsed on the floor. 

 "Aeka! What's wrong? What happened? Are you okay?" He scrambled to her side and knelt down beside her. 

 Aeka panted, like she could hardly breathe. She slowly lifted her hand and showed him a piece of cloth stained with blood. 

 Tenchi took it. "What's this?" 

 Aeka coughed out, "Don't you recognize it Tenchi? Ryoko was wearing the night she died." 

*     *     *     *     * 

 "Wow," Sasami gasped. She clutched at the chest's cover for support. In the chest, there was the most amazing, beautiful crystal
she had ever seen. It was floating in the chest, giving off a gentle pink radiance. 

 "Wow?" Washu repeated. She couldn't see what was happening, Sasami was blocking her view. 

 "Washu, come look at this," Sasami whispered hoarsely. 

 "Well, I'd love to look at it Sasami but I can't. You're blocking the way." 

 Sasami turned around and looked at the screen where Washu was watching here patiently. Shaking her head but giving off a
nervous laugh, she brought the screen so it hovered over the chest. 

 Washu had the same reaction. Her eyes widened in amazement. The crystal was powerful and absolutely stunning. She stared at it
for a while. 

Then she slowly turned to her computer and opened another window. Her fingers were slower, feeling weak and paralyzed from
the sight. 

 "Sasami?" She called softly. 

"I'm here." Sasami laughed. "It got you too, didn't it?" 

"Shocking," Washu replied sarcastically. She was out of her daze. "I'm looking for information on it. It doesn't have a name. the
power and light it gives off are unfamiliar too so far. Wait, my computer is still searching." 

 "Try matching it with Cain's power," Sasami suggested. 

"Okay, whatever you say." Washu typed in `Cain' and the computer went into his profile. Waves of his power appeared on the
screen. Washu clicked in the waves of the crystal's power. "It's a match!" she announced. 

Sasami smiled in satisfaction. 

Washu raised her eyebrow at her. "How did you know it was Cain? And what does he have to do with the crystal?" 

"Well, his name is on the chest." 

"It is?!" 

"The last time I checked." 

"Who else is there?" 

"Aside from all the people I mentioned. prepare to be shocked. there is also the name," Sasami paused trying to make it more
suspenseful. "Desumitsu." 

Washu raised her eyebrow at Sasami again. "The Scorpion? Our Scorpion? Could it be a coincidence? There could be a dozen
Desumitsu's." 

"Well, I'm pretty sure it's our Scorpion. After all, the chest reads Desumitsu Scorpion Saito." 

"Okay fine. Keep talking, I'm still here. I just have to take care of something." Washu stood up from her computer and went over
to the Kiyone, Hakusana and Ryoko. 

"There's also a book in here," Sasami said. Being careful to not touch the crystal, Sasami picked up the book. It was old and the
pages were yellowed with age. Sasami blew the dust off the cover book and wiped it. Cautiously, she opened the book. "Washu!
This is some kind of journal. What a beauty. The date goes back billions of years ago." 

"Uh. read a passage." Washu said, barely paying attention. She lay Ryoko on the floor. A machine then picked Ryoko up and
put her down on a bed. Washu did the same for Kiyone and Hakusana. 

"I am hiding in fear of the Dark Lord. He knows where I am, for sure. Hopefully he won't come. But that just might be wanting too
much. My nights have been endless nightmares. What have I done?" Sasami's hand scrolled down the entry as she read. 

"Yeah, what did the poor guy do?" Washu asked. She lost her concentration and accidentally dropped Hakusana. "Whoops!" 

Sasami continued. "I am the first to ever rebel from the Dark Lord and actually win. No matter, I am only his second victim and his
power will grow stronger. He knows that I am no threat to him at the moment. He will have me, someday." 

"Hey, is this the very first entry?" Washu asked. 

"Truthfully? Um.no. Like the 8th entry in the journal," Sasami answered. "Um, what are you doing Washu? Where are you?" 

"Uh. to the left of the screen." Washu went over to the computer and turned it around so it was facing Ryoko and the Galaxy
Police officers. 

"That's Kiyone! What's she doing unconscious? And who are those two beside her?" 

"You wouldn't believe it if I told you." 

"Try me." 

"Ryoko and Hakusana." 

Sasami laughed. "No, seriously, Washu. Who are they?" 

"I told you. Ryoko and Hakusana. You know, my daughter the space pirate. You must have heard of the rebellious child." 

"They're dead Washu." Sasami rolled her eyes. 

"Nope, they're alive.in a way. Unconscious, but alive." 

Sasami looked at them again. "I guess you're right." 

"Of course I'm right." Washu couldn't help but notice Sasami wasn't exactly surprised. Tsunami probably had been preparing
Sasami for something like this but didn't tell her exactly that Ryoko and Hakusana were alive. 

Sasami threw her head back and laughed. "Madake is with me." 

"I know. What about him?" 

"Guess even the greatest scientific genius doesn't know everything." Sasami snuck a peek at Washu who was glaring at her.
"You're just smarter than everyone," she said quickly. 

"So what about him?" Washu repeated, ignoring the remark. 

"He was Hakusana's guardian, Washu. Won't he be surprised? Did I mention that he's unconscious too? Seems like we're the
only ones awake." 

"Yeah." Washu laughed. "Madake huh? I'm starting to remember now. He had a partner, um, Amphitryon?" 

"That's right. I thought they'd partners forever. Like Asaka and Kamidake. Except, Amphitryon left for vacation. After that, he's
going to be transferred so he'll be guarding another nobleman or something." 

"I bet Madake isn't too happy about it." 

"He isn't." 

"Just for the record Sasami, Amphitryon didn't seem too happy about it either." 

"What? How do you know Am." 

She was interrupted by the beeping on Washu's computer. "Sorry, just a second." Washu clicked in a few things. "They're here." 

*     *     *     *     * 
  
 "Okay," Tenchi said uneasily. His grip on the cloth tightened. "How did it get here? I thought Rosco tore it away from her when
Ryoko was running toward us." 

 "That's what I thought. Rosco had it." Aeka stood up and dusted her hands off. "Someone's playing with us. I don't like it." 

 "I don't like it either," Tenchi agreed. "Let's go to Washu." 

 "My thoughts exactly." 

 "I hope she can hear us since the door is." Tenchi reached for the door and it opened, easily. He looked at Aeka. "Locked?" 
  
 Aeka look at him, bewildered. "It was locked when I checked it before, Tenchi." 

 "You don't think that Rosco might have gone to Washu." 

 "I hope not!" Aeka said, clinging on to Tenchi's arm as the walked through the lab. "She could be anywhere." 

 "In any room," Tenchi agreed. 

 "In any dimension," Washu added. 

 "Yeah." Aeka smiled in satisfaction. Then her mouth dropped when she took a second glance at Washu. "Washu! What is
happening?" 

 "Where have you been, Washu?" Tenchi asked. 

 "You'll be quiet surprised, actually. I was just got off the phone with your sister, Aeka." 

 "Sasami?" Aeka wondered out loud. 

 "Do you have any other sisters?" Washu laughed. "Anyway, we have discovered a lot about Rosco's attack and Desumitsu." 

 Aeka exclaimed, "Aha! So you did know about it!" 

 Washu looked at her levelly in the eye. "My dear, I know everything." She continued, "Anyway, Sasami's was, uh, researching
and she found a chest with a crystal and journal inside." 

 Aeka interrupted Washu again. "Washu, there are hundreds chests full of jewelry or books in Jurai. What we're wondering is, we
think Ryoko is back. Maybe she's back physically or as a ghost. We don't know but we think you do. Any comments, Washu?" 

 "What are you accusing me off, Aeka?" Washu said in a stony voice. 

 Tenchi laughed nervously. "Okay, um, listen, you guys. We're all really tense right now because Desumitsu is back. Let's loosen
up." 

 "No! I want to know what's going on! I will not allow that monster woman to be running around. She's probably allies with
Desumitsu and Rosco!" 

 "There is no reason to why you should be mad at me," Washu replied coldly but she couldn't hold it anymore.  Washu really was
having a bad day. She burst into a yell, "You could go to prison for that Aeka! You contradict yourself one too many times!" 

 "Oh yeah? What about you, Ms. Washu, greatest scientific genius of the universe?" 

 "I am the greatest aren't I?" 

 "You could go to prison for building the most insane machines! Nuclear bombs?!" Aeka spat back. "Destructive spaceships and
space pirates like Ryo-ohki and Ryoko!?" 

 "You leave them out of this!" 

 "That's our topic isn't it?" 

 Tenchi crept out of the labratory silently. *Cat fight,* he thought. The two probably didn't even remember that he was there.
Washu must be going through hell. She never acted like this before. 

 Tenchi went up the stairs and into his bedroom. He lay there on his bed for a while, staring at the ceiling. He hadn't bothered to
turn on the lights so it was really dark in the room, especially since the sun had gone down already. 

 After a while, Tenchi's eyes were getting heavy. Aeka had knocked on his door a little while before but he didn't bother to
answer it. His mind was spinning. It wasn't about problems but more about Ryoko. And all the memories he had with her. 

*     *     *     *     * 

 Ryoko was drained. She pushed herself to a sitting position on the.bed? She blinked at Kiyone and Hakusana, the two were
unconscious beside her. Washu was no where to be seen. 

 Taking a deep breath, she stepped down from the bed. Her legs felt numb and she trembled as she walked. Ryoko clutched at the
wall for support. Her feet felt like stone as she lifted them to walk. She gradually made her way to a filing cabinet. 

 She jerked back with surprise when a pain went through her spine. Papers went flying from a file as she toppled over the table.
Groaning, Ryoko started to collect the pieces of paper. They were designs and descriptions, she realized, of her. 

 *My powers,* she read silently as she picked up one sheet. *The energy of her sword comes from the power of her gems instead
of natural power like flying.* Ryoko skipped a few paragraphs, scanning for the right power she needed. Tapping the description,
she said out loud, "This is the one." 

 She stepped back and took a deep breath, collecting the energy in her. It wasn't that she was weak or tired, just injured from
virtual reality. It wasn't that she was physically hurt, no wounds or anything. Just sort of paralyzed from the shock. 

 Ryoko balanced herself, and made a flip up in the air. Her flight powers let her practically drift through the flip. Closing her eyes,
she prayed to changed her appearance. Her brown hair merged into light blue, spiking up. Her clothes turned into her black and
red battle suit. Landing in a squat position, Ryoko paused feeling much more refreshed. 

 Her hand reached up to her hair. The change felt sudden, considering she always wore her hair down for three years. It wasn't
spiky like now, but this new hairstyle felt much more comfortable for her. Ryoko stood up and teleported out of the lab. 

 At the same moment, Washu opened to door to the room. She gasped and ran to the empty bed. Tracing Ryoko's footsteps,
Washu looked at the mess near the filing cabinets. She picked up the pile of papers gathered on the floor. 

 Washu threw the papers down in frustration. She turned around and screamed, "Ryoko! Come back here!" 

*     *     *     *     * 

 Dark and forbidding, the man stared through the window toward the barely visible house.  His eyes were burning with hatred, his
soul burning with anticipation. It was time. 

 *Five thousand years,* he thought furiously. 

 Five thousand years in exile, of scorching hatred spawned from another. Ryoko. 5,000 years to plan the perfect revenge. Her
perfect death. 

She may have thought that she had escaped him three years ago, but she was wrong. The three years didn't matter. Time didn't
matter. He had the perfect gift of patience. Of course he couldn't wait to see the day Ryoko would breathe her last but he could be
patient. Besides, within a few days, Ryoko would be dead. 

A roar of laughter came from the room outside. His partners were enjoying themselves no doubt. The man gave a malevolent smile.

The boy.Tenchi was so innocent. Ryoko had an eye for him and that was what brought her down. Her feelings would bring her
down again, this time. But the weak, loathsome fool hadn't even opened his heart to his deceitful bitch of a space pirate. 

Ryoko. 

Memories hurled back in hard, stunning blows to his head. 

The man set his staff down and headed into the room with his partners, Rosco, Griffin and V. They were all seated at the table.
The room silenced. Rosco stood up and greeted him, "Desumitsu, what do you want?" 

Desumitsu paused and looked at him. "I want the girl." Then he left them and started through the hallways of the ship. He
approached a locked room, he willed it to open. 

The door flung open and Desumitsu stepped in. "Lights," he commanded. 

The girl hung from chains, fastened on her wrists. She had to tiptoe to reach the floor. Her body was beaten and bruised from her
struggle with Rosco. She had given a good fight, for an earthling. 

"Akari," he whispered into her ear huskily. 

Akari looked up, weakly. Her tears had dried up long before. Her body was trembling with fear. She cried softly, "What do you
want?" 

"Join me." 

*     *     *     *     * 

 Great white wings illuminated the sky. The great white horned owl flew over his domain. He was as majestic in his flight as he
soared through the air. 

 Ryoko sat, spell bound, on the roof. Already on her vacation to Kurashiki, she had seen several owls in her explorations but in all
her years on earth she had never seen one as white and awesome as this. 

 "Ryoko! Come back here!" Washu's voice burst in Ryoko's mind. 

 Ryoko shuddered from the surprised. She wasn't going to come back. Not yet. She put on a stubborn look on her face and
dropped down to hover in front of Tenchi's window. 

 Again, she heard Washu's voice yell, "What do you think you're doing?" 

 "You interrupt me one more time, you'll be very, very sorry," Ryoko threatened. 

 "Not as sorry as you'll be," Washu said for the last time. Then she didn't say anything else. 

 Ryoko sighed. She appreciated what Washu was doing for her but she just had to see Tenchi. She had to let him know. What
kind of pain had she caused him? Ryoko knew that if ever Tenchi died, she probably would feel like she died with him. 

 Another thought clicked in. What if he had fallen all over Aeka for support and now. Washu had mentioned that Tenchi and
Aeka were leaving for Jurai. 

 Ryoko walked through the wall and into the room. It was dark. She knew there was a chair near the door. Feeling her way
through the walls she walked toward the door. 

 CRASH! Ryoko slipped and all these books toppled over her. She winced at took a glance at Tenchi. He didn't wake up.
*Good.* 

Her eyes were starting to get used to the dark. Taking the chair, she sat down and stared moodily at the shadowed room to the
bed where Tenchi slept peacefully and unaware of her presence. His dark complexion made him so handsome. 

 Ryoko watched him for about half an hour then she stood up from the chair. She leaned forward and kissed Tenchi's forehead
then his lips. Taking a deep breath, she took both of his hands in hers. The hard wall of his chest pressed against her body and their
foreheads touched. 

They teleported out of the room.
---------------
End of chapter nine
