

					Three		



 "Where is Sento, Grandpa?" Tenchi asks and looks up from the table. Yosho 
strolls in with his hands clasped behind his back and looks at them all.

 "He won't be joining us after all. He said he was going to search around a bit, 
get familiar with the surroundings." Yosho says and kneels at the table.

 "Hey Grandpa, can we really trust this guy? I mean, he looks kinda suspicious 
to me." Ryoko says as she stuffs a biscuit in her mouth.

 "All I will say is he is as trustworthy as you are, Ryoko." Yosho says. She 
rolls her eyes and looks at Ayeka, waiting for an insult. She finds Ayeka still 
looking at the table blankly, not touching her food. 

 "Heya Princess, not hungry?" she asks. Ayeka only sighs lightly and shakes her 
head. Tenchi looks at her worried but Ryoko just lifts her sake up to drink it, 
"Well, don't think just cause you didn't eat it means you don't have to clean 
the dishes. It is your turn." she says. Ayeka nods and raises to her feet, 
taking her dishes with her and goes into the kitchen.

 "Ryoko, that wasn't very nice." Tenchi says and glares at her.

 "Oh, come on, Tenchi. She'll get over it." Ryoko says and swigs her sake. 
Sasami looks after her sister and also gets worried.


 The long, black cloak flaps lightly in the wind as Sento stands on a snow 
covered rock. His hands outstretched, they also glow and odd blue color. His 
orange eyes are closed and he is muttering something softly. Slowly his eyes 
open and his lowers his hands, "Dargon, I see you have sent a scouter team. Wise 
decision but it will not do you any good. You will not find what you are looking 
for." he says to himself. He turns his head slightly and peers at the glowing 
lights of the Masaki house. A light snow starts to fall as he closes his eyes, 
"It is a great risk, but I need to keep the House of Jurai out of this. I know I 
may regret this but, it looks like Jaaku will have to take care of this." he 
says. An eerie glow surrounds his whole body and makes his appearance nothing 
more than a silhouette. His hair starts to lift off his head and spikes up 
slightly, resembling that of Ryoko's and Washu's. The cloak drops to the ground 
and a lean, muscular figure fills the glow. The hilt along his back also 
changes, it becomes more jagged and along the middles glows a dull yellow. Down 
by the cloak, the mask also falls to the ground. Two orange eyes glow brightly 
and a light smirk crosses the mouth of the shadowy figure. "Now, time to take 
care of those scouters." a dark voice says. Quiet laughter fills the woods and 
in a flash of blue light, the figure is gone.



 The bottle of sake falls to the ground and shatters, spilling the contents all 
over the ground. Ryoko clutches her head and groans, her face straining in pain. 
"Ryoko, what is wrong?" Tenchi asks and holds her arms. 

 "I...don't know. I can sense something. It's in my head but I don't know what 
it is!" she says and holds her head. Everyone at the table stop eating and look 
at Ryoko. Slowly, she lowers her hands down and opens her eyes, "Oh, it's 
passing." she says and breathes heavily.

 "What is it, Ryoko?" Mihoshi asks.

 "I don't have a clue. But now there is something in my head. Someone is 
connected to me." she says and rubs her eyes.

 "Who is it? Is it Washu? Ryo-oki maybe?" Tenchi asks. Ryo-oki perks up on 
Sasami's head and tilts her head.

 "No, I don't know who it is. All I see is....a tower. A large tower. And four 
figures." she says.

 "Well, I wonder who it can be." Tenchi says.

 In Washu's lab, a shaking hand shadows the transparent panel. Washu looks 
blankly at the panel and gasps. She sits for a moment and looks around quickly, 
then starts typing into her computer quickly. "Why am I feeling something? Is 
this Ryoko I am connecting to this strongly?" she says to herself. She types 
faster on her computer and stares at the screen sternly.


 As the morning sun rises up over the shrine, Tenchi yawns and opens the sliding 
door outside. He sees a new layer of snow and sighs, "Oh man, you clean it all 
up and it just snows the next day." he says and hangs his head. He takes the 
shovel from it's place against a post and pulls his coat up a bit. He starts 
moving snow from the ground when he hits something. He looks up and finds his 
shovel against Yosho's foot. He blinks and looks at him as he looks up into the 
sky, "Grandpa, what's the matter?" he asks. He doesn't answer, just keeps 
looking at where he is. "Uhm, Grandpa? Are you okay?"

 "You remember how I told you that you can do anything if you put your mind to 
it?" Yosho asks.

 "Uhm, yes." Tenchi says and stands straight.

 "What if I told you to stay outside all night and watch the house?" Yosho says 
and looks at him.

 "In the snow? No way, nobody would do such a stupid thing. You're not going to 
make me, are you?" Tenchi says.

 "No, but tell him how stupid it is." Yosho says and walks through the snow 
towards the house. Tenchi blinks and looks up at the roof. A solitary figure 
stands on the peak of the roof with a long cloak flapping in the wind. 

 "Sento!" he yells and drops his shovel. The figure moves slightly and then 
turns to him. He steps down and starts sliding down the roof on the icy 
shingles. He leaps off just as he reaches the end and lands hard on the ground 
next to Tenchi.

 He stands straight and bows slightly, "Yes, Lord Tenchi?" he asks.

 "Were you out there all night?!" Tenchi yells.

 "No, only most of it." Sento says as his orange eyes contrast the white snow.

 "Why? Why didn't you come inside and get some sleep?" Tenchi asks.

 "Dargon might have sent some scouters. I kept watch to make sure you would be 
all right." he says.

 "That's insane! You could have frozen! It gets cold around here at night!" 
Tenchi says loudly.

 "I have been in colder. I appreciate the concern but I was fine." he says.

 "Well, tonight will you stay inside with us? We have an extra room, as hard as 
it is to believe." Tenchi says.

 "Thank you, Lord Tenchi. I don't wish to intrude but I will consider your 
offer." he says.

 "You don't have to call me Lord. I am just plain Tenchi. Now I have to clear 
all the snow from this walkway before breakfast." Tenchi says and digs his 
shovel in the ground. A vapor breath from Sento's mask appears and his orange 
eyes flash. He holds out his left hand and a blue glow surrounds it. Suddenly, 
all the snow from the walkway disappears and Tenchi looks around. "Hey, what 
happened?" he asks.

 "I helped you, Lord Tenchi." Sento says and lowers his hand back down.

 "Oh, wow. Thanks. And don't call me Lord." he says, looking around the ground.

 "As you wish." Sento says.

 "Heya, where'd you put all that snow?" Tenchi asks.

 "Oh, somewhere where it would be of more use." Sento says and grins under his 
mask.

 "Oh, all right." Tenchi says and rubs his head.

 "Tenchi! Breaksfast!" Sasami calls from the house.

 "Great! Are you going to join us for breakfast, Sento?" Tenchi says and places 
the shovel back where it was.

 "It would be my privilege." Sento says. Tenchi nods and they both walk into the 
house. They remove their shoes and walk into the den.

 "It'll be out in a sec." Sasami says. Mihoshi and Ryo-oki sit at the table 
watching the television set. Ayeka strolls down yawning and rubs her eyes.

 "Good morning, Ayeka. Sleep well?" Tenchi asks. Ayeka's face dims when she sees 
Tenchi and nods lightly.

 "Ah, nothing like a good night's sleep." Ryoko says as she appears above the 
table. Sento's eyes quickly move to her and lock on her just as the day before. 
Suddenly, Washu bursts out her door with a large mound of snow on her head.

 She stomps into the den dripping water and glares at Sento, "You! You did 
this!" she yells.

 "You are mistaken, Miss Washu." Sento says calmly.

 "I am not! My lab is impervious to any teleportation but to dimensional 
shifting. Correct me if I am wrong but isn't that how you move around?" she 
steams.

 "True, that is how I get around. However, if it was my doing, then it was 
unintentional. My apologies." Sento says. Washu glares at him and grunts, then 
turns around and stomps back into her lab. A large smile distorts Sento's mask 
and he clasps his hands in front of him.

 "Sento, did you do that?" Tenchi asks.

 Before he can answer, the television flashes brightly, "Attention, this just 
in. In an unexplained event in Tokyo, part of the Tokyo Tower was damaged in 
what looks like an electrical explosion." 

 "Whoa, how bizarre." Mihoshi says. They all have their eyes fixed on the 
television as images of the tower appear. Structural beams are broken, wires are 
hanging around and part of the tower tilts slightly. Sento looks at the images 
and his orange eyes reflect the light brightly.

 "Oh hey...that's it." Ryoko says as she stares at the images. Everybody looks 
at her and blinks, "That is the tower I saw last night. The images in my head." 
she says. Sento quickly looks at her and stares at her.

 "Four bodies, rather, what was left of four bodies were found at the scene. 
Although the police were very discrete, we have been informed that the bodies 
were mechanical. Some kind of androids that are unexplainable by the...." the 
television continues but Sasami shuts it off.

 "Breakfast is served." she says cheerfully. They all look at Ryoko and she 
blinks, "What's going on?"

 "The four figures. I saw the four figures also." Ryoko says and holds her head.

 "This is too weird, can you explain it, Sento?" Tenchi says and turns his head. 
He only finds the door sliding shut with a piece of a cloak getting out right 
before it does. "Huh? What's with him?" Tenchi wonders and rubs his head. A loud 
beeping suddenly startles him and everyone looks at Mihoshi. Mihoshi blinks and 
looks at her wrist, the device blinking rapidly and making the noise.

 "Oh, it's a message from outside the solar system." she says and plays with it 
a tad. Her eyes sparkle and a large smile crosses her face, "Oh my! She's going 
to be here any minute!" she yells and jumps up. Tenchi rubs his head and 
everyone looks at Mihoshi.

 Sasami pokes her head and shakes a spatula out the door, "Okay guys, breakfast 
is ready now." she says with a smile. Mihoshi suddenly runs outside and books it 
for the lake. Everybody just stands there and looks after her. "Uhm, what's 
going on?" Sasami asks and tilts her head. Ryo-ohki looks up at her and takes 
off after Mihoshi, running into the door, then going through it on the second 
try. "Ryo-ohki, where are you going?" Sasami yells and runs after her in her 
apron.

 "Well, we might as well go see what's going on." Ryoko says and disappears. 
Tenchi looks at Ayeka and she walks out after them all.

 "Oh man, another girl?" he says and reluctantly follows. Outside, Mihoshi looks 
around excitedly as the other catch up to her. "Mihoshi, what is it? Who is 
going to be here?" Tenchi asks. Mihoshi keeps looking around and muttering 
happily. A dark hole opens above the lake and bolts of lightning jump around 
from it.

 Everybody looks at it and Mihoshi jumps up happily, "She's here!" she yells. A 
small, red ship slowly emerges from it and floats above the frozen lake. The 
hole fades away and the ship floats motionlessly in front of them. 

 "Well, it's nice to see one person can land a ship normally." Ryoko says and 
grins. A bright Galaxy Police emblem shines on the side of the ship as it lowers 
down onto the iced over lake. It sets down on the ice and the lake seems to 
creak under it's weight. After a moment, a door opens and a bright light shines 
from inside the ship. Tenchi covers his eyes and tries to focus on a slender 
figure in the doorway. The figure stands a moment in the doorway, then with a 
quick leap, lands on the dock facing all of them. Her tight suit has GP emblems 
on it and a patch on the left shoulder that says 'Special Ops'. The figure 
raises up to her feet and the light slowly fades as the door shut revealing her 
face. Long green hair drapes partially over one side and an orange headband 
stretches across her forehead. Her soft face reflects off the clear ice as she 
lightly places her hand on her hip. Ryoko and Ayeka glare at her and look 
annoyed.

 "Kiyone!" Mihoshi squeals and runs to her. She throws her arms around this new 
person and giggles happily.

 The woman looks at Mihoshi oddly, "Hey Mihoshi, long time no see." she says.

 Mihoshi pulls back and clasps her arms out in front of her, "I know it! It's 
been forever! I hear you've been promoted into the Special Ops." she says.

 Kiyone looks at the patch on her arm and nods, "Yep, just got out of training a 
few weeks ago." she says.

 "Oh, where are my manners." Mihoshi says and turns around to the others. "This 
is Kiyone, she used to be my partner. She's with the GP also." she says.

 "Oh, uh pleased to meet you." Tenchi says and bows. Ayeka smiles and bows 
slightly also, as does Sasami.

 Ryoko crosses her arms and sneers, "Great, another girl to chase after Tenchi." 
she mutters.

 "Pleased to meet you all." Kiyone says and smiles.

 "This is so great! I haven't seen you in years. What are you here for anyway?" 
Mihoshi asks.

 Kiyone looks at her more seriously, "I was sent here by headquarters to track a 
high-level criminal, a very high-level criminal. I was ordered directly by 
Marshall Kagami." Kiyone says.

 "Really? How is my grandfather?" Mihoshi asks.

 "Worried, actually. He sent me here with equipment and supplies in preparation 
for this criminal. I am sure your computer has detected him by now." she says.

 "Oh well, uhm...my ship is kind of....at the bottom of the lake." Mihoshi says 
sheepishly.

 Kiyone sweatdrops and shakes her head, "Mihoshi, didn't your wrist band detect 
him?" she says.

 "Oh yes, it did. It was about the same time that Sento came here." Mihoshi says 
and puts a finger up to her mouth.

 "Sento? Who is that?" Kiyone asks.

 "Sento is a Jurai warrior sent to chase the same criminal you are." Ayeka says.

 Kiyone and looks at her and tilts her head a bit, "Why does the Jurai have such 
an interest in this criminal?" she asks.

 "You would have to ask Sento for I have no idea." Ayeka says plainly.

 "Very well, where is he?" she asks.

 "Well, he's not here right now." Tenchi says.

 Kiyone looks at him then back to Mihoshi, "Mihoshi, I have important 
information and equipment for you." she says.

 "Oh great, do I get a new gun?" she asks cheerfully.

 "Ugh, we'll talk when we are alone. Right now I need to speak with that Sento 
person." she says.

 "Is this criminal that high-level?" Mihoshi asks.

 Kiyone nods and looks around, "What the computers have told us is that he may 
be on the Class X list." she says.

 Mihoshi swallows and looks frightened, "Class.....X?" she repeats.

 "That's right, X. We don't have much information about him. All we know is he 
is here and his criminal level is very high. All other information is just 
speculation. There is a rumor that is could even be....Jaaku." she says and 
looks at Mihoshi.

 Mihoshi steps back and stutters, "Jaaku? You mean...thee Jaaku?" she asks. 
Kiyone nods and crosses her arms lightly.

 "And who exactly is Jaaku?" Ryoko asks loudly.

 Kiyone looks at her and narrows her eyes, "The Space Pirate Ryoko. I see you 
haven't gotten arrested yet after all. As for your question, Jaaku is a very, 
very high-level criminal. He is on the X-list and one of the few criminals that 
have no statute of limitations on his warrant. Five thousand years ago he went 
on a killing spree that included the destruction of seventeen galaxies, two 
thousand Galaxy Police vehicles and cost thousands of operative's lives before 
he just disappeared. He hasn't been seen in over two thousand years and if it is 
him, we need to stop him before he goes on another killing spree." she explains.

 "Sounds like a monster." Ayeka says.

 "He's more than a monster, he is nicknamed AkumaNoShibo, the devil of death. 
Nobody knows what he looks like, who he is, where he is or anything about him. 
We pray he has not surfaced again." Kiyone says.

 "Maybe it is this Dargon that Sento was telling us about." Tenchi suggests.

 "Dargon? Brother of Kagato?" Kiyone asks.

 "Yeah, Washu said he was Kagato's brother." Mihoshi says.

 "It's a possibility. Dargon is a high-level criminal and he was reported in 
this area last time I was notified." Kiyone says.

 "Well, no matter who it is, I am just so glad to see you, Kiyone!" Mihoshi says 
and smiles. "You can stay with me at Tenchi's house, right Tenchi?" she says and 
turns around.

 Tenchi closes his eyes and rubs his head, "Oh, right. The more the merrier. 
We've got plenty of room." Tenchi says.

 Mihoshi grins and hugs Tenchi, "Thanks Tenchi!" she says. Ryoko and Ayeka go 
beet red with anger and about to blow up on Mihoshi when she grabs Kiyone's arm 
and pulls her towards the house. "Come on! I'll show you around, Kiyone." she 
says happily. 

 "Gah...Mi....Miho...let....ow, let go Mihoshi. You're pulling my arm off." 
Kiyone complains as she gets dragged to the house. Tenchi sighs and goes to 
follow when Ayeka and Ryoko grab an arm and walk with him glaring at each other. 
He swallows hard and walks between their deadly looks.

 Sasami suddenly realizes that her meal is getting cold and shrieks, "Oh no! 
Breakfast!" she yells and runs towards the house. Ryo-ohki bounds after her, 
leaving only silence over the frozen lake. 

 "Well, now another Galaxy Police officer is here. This one is Special 
Operations even. This could prove to be inconvenient" a voice says from on top 
of the ship. Sento steps up from behind the ship and stands, watching them all 
go into the house. "So, she suspects Jaaku. I didn't give these GP people their 
due credit. It is impressive they are even able to track Jaaku as they do. 
Still, I certainly hope she doesn't do anything foolish. It would be a pity if 
Jaaku had to kill yet another GP officer." Sento says and pulls the cloak around 
himself. A blue glow surrounds him and in a flash, he disappears.
