 

					    
					           Six



 Two figures were standing in a clearing in the forest. Several pieces of 
equipment surrounded them as one spoke to the other. 

 "Okay, Mihoshi, let me go through it again. These are the dimensional anchors. 
These are the new field pistols and these are the conductive restraints. Got it 
this time?" Mihoshi looks at all the equipment on the ground in front of her and 
raises a finger to her chin.

 "Let me think." Kiyone peers at her with her hand sat on her hip lightly. 
Mihoshi smiles cheerfully and nods. After a moment though, she opens her eyes 
again and looks at Kiyone. "Uhm, not really." Kiyone sighs and slaps her hand to 
her head. 

 "We have been through this a million times already, Mihoshi. Why don't you just 
listen to me for once? At least remember the field pistols. You did shoot one, 
remember?" Kiyone asks with a tone of annoyance.

 "Yeah but.....it was loud and it hurt my hand." 

 "Well, with the level of the criminal we are facing, we need the stronger 
energy bullets. Get used to it." Kiyone says and picks a sleek pistols from the 
ground, looking it over carefully. Mihoshi whines again but Kiyone just looks at 
her with a sigh. 

 "Whatcha doin?" a voice calls and they turn to greet Tenchi and Sasami walking 
up. 

 "Well, I am TRYING to bring Mihoshi up to speed on new equipment and tactics. I 
am not having much luck." Kiyone says and looks at Mihoshi. Mihoshi has the same 
pistol but is just twiddling it between her hands, a bewildered look on her 
face. Kiyone sighs and looks back to Tenchi and Sasami.

 "That is a lot of stuff, Kiyone. What's it all do?" Sasami asks. 

 "It's mostly new equipment from headquarters. Since I am chasing such a high 
level criminal, we are using the best stuff the GP has." Kiyone proclaims 
proudly. Sasami giggles and looks around at all the stuff on the ground. They 
all hear some other talking and look to see Sento strolling up next to Ayeka. 
They seem to be having a pleasant conversation as Ayeka is laughing in her 
princess laugh again. They both come to a stop and look into the group.

 "Princess Sasami, Lord Tenchi." Sento says and bows respectfully. Tenchi rubs 
his head uncomfortably and Sasami just smiles brightly. Sento looks at all the 
equipment and then to Kiyone.

 "New toys?"

 "You could say that. Dargon won't know what hit him." she smirks and looks back 
at him. Ayeka smiles and looks at Tenchi to speak, but finds Ryoko floating next 
to him with her arms around his neck. Tenchi is trying to pull her arms off him 
and Ayeka gets steamed.

 "Get your hands off of Tenchi! Sento! I order you to make her let go!" she 
roars and points at them. She doesn't hear anything and looks back to Sento. 
"Sento? Did you hear me?" Sento doesn't respond, but his orange eyes are locked 
on Ryoko again. She is about to yell again when Sasami looks into the air and 
sees something sparkling.

 She smiles and points, yelling loudly, "Look! A falling star!" The whole group 
looks skyward, except for Sento. Finally his gaze moves from Ryoko and to the 
sparkling. While the others admire the beauty of the streaking light, Sento 
narrows his eyes. 

 "Scouters. Lord Tenchi, you must take Princess Sasami and Ayeka back to the 
house." 

 They all look from the light and to him, "What? What is going on?" Ayeka asks.

 "Do not waste anytime. They are scouters from Dargon. You and Princess Sasami 
must be somewhere safe." Sento says and takes his hilt from behind his back. The 
long, glowing blade erupts from the end and he watches the light falling closer 
to the ground. 

 "Wait a minute, how do you know that?" Kiyone asks and Mihoshi stands up next 
to her. Sento looks down at her to answer but stops speaking. Washu is standing 
a bit behind Kiyone and Sento looks at her silently. 

 "Oh, hello, Little Washu. What brings you out here?" Tenchi asks and looks at 
her also. Washu just stares back at Sento without a word. Sento narrows his eyes 
a bit but a huge explosion in the distance gets all of their attention. Sento 
looks towards it and growls. "Wow, that falling star landed just a little ways 
from here." Tenchi says. A gust of wind blows through the trees and starts 
blowing dirt and dust around them. They all cover their eyes with their arms, 
except for Sento and Washu. Sento is looking in the direction of the wind and 
Washu is looking at him. 

 "You must get the Princesses out of here now!" Sento yells to Tenchi again as 
the wind dies down. They all blink and look at him again in confusion. Right as 
he about to repeat his suggestion, he is suddenly hit from behind and sent 
skidding along the ground next to them. They all gasp and look at the creature 
that did it to him. A gray, stone-like creature steps out of the bushes and 
looks at them. It's almost human figure just stands motionlessly until it lowers 
it's arms back down from striking Sento. It has a featureless face and a smooth 
body that almost shimmered in the sunlight. Sento growls and stands up, turning 
back to the creature.

 "What is it?" Ryoko asks and stands ready next to Tenchi. 

 "Scouter golems. Dargon uses them to reek havoc on a planet so he can arrive in 
chaos." Sento says and holds his hilt in front of him. Sasami shrieks as another 
golem picks her up in one of it's hands. They all look in shock but Tenchi pulls 
out his own sword and lunges at the creature.

 "Put her down!" he orders and slices down on the arm of the golem. His blade 
stops after only going in mere inches into the stone-like material of the 
golem's arm. He winces and the golem swings it's other arm around to hit him. He 
pulls the sword back and jumps back to avoid it's massive arm. Sasami struggles 
to get free and Ayeka gasps loudly, fearing the worst. Suddenly Sento lands 
right next to that golem and stabs his own glowing hilt into the arm of it. His 
blade also stops but it's hand opens and Sasami is dropped to the ground. She 
jumps back by Ayeka and watches Sento struggle with his embedded blade. The 
golem grabs Sento with it's other hand and lifts him into the air. He struggles 
to get free all the way down as the golem throws the Jurai warrior right into 
the ground, sending up a cloud of dust. 

 "Sento!" Ayeka yells and watches the golem stand back up. It ignores the 
motionless warrior half-buried in the ground and looks back to the group. Two 
more golems steps out of the trees and stands next to the other. Ryoko looks 
around and creates a sword in her hand, ready to fight. Tenchi holds up his 
sword and looks between the three of them. Ayeka wraps her arms around Sasami 
from behind and looks at Sento full of concern. Kiyone and Mihoshi raise their 
pistols up at one of the golems and Washu just looks at Sento also. The four 
scouters peer at them all and their stone eyes glow brightly. Tenchi lunges at 
one again and brings the blade of Tenchi-ken right at it's head. The blade slams 
into the rock but again, does not penetrate it.

 "Wha....what is wrong? Why can't we hurt these things?" Tenchi yells and winces 
a bit. The stone golem rears it's hand back and knocks Tenchi away with great 
force. He rolls along the ground and comes to a stop against a tree, disoriented 
as a drunken sailor. 

 "Tenchi!" Ayeka yells loudly in concern.

 "Why you stone cretins! Take this!" Ryoko yells and flies right at one. She 
brings her own glowing sword into the chest of the golem but it does not even 
phase it. It suddenly grabs her arm and slams it's rock fist into her stomach. 
She wheezes and falls to the ground in front of it, a spurt of blood coming from 
her mouth. 

 "Now, Mihoshi!" Kiyone yells and fires the huge green blasts from her pistol. 
The blast impacts one of the golems and knocks it back a bit, but doesn't harm 
it. 

 Mihoshi looks at her own gun and whines, "But Kiyooooone, I don't want to shoot 
this thing again." 

 "Just shoot the damn thing!" Kiyone yells loudly.

 Mihoshi points the gun nervously and turns her head away, "Ohhhhh, I hope I hit 
them." She does not even get the chance to try for one of the golems lands on 
the ground right in front of them both. It wraps it's hands around the barrels 
of the two guns and crushes them into twisted tubes. Mihoshi and Kiyone wince 
and back up from it but it starts to advance on them. The other three golems 
surround the gasping Ryoko and are about to all finish her off when a bright 
light starts to glow. All the golems look up at Sento, who has gotten back to 
his feet and is fully illuminated.

 "Enough....I have had enough." he says as his eyes glow a deep red, contrasting 
his green hair. His hair flip forward and gets it's spiky appearance again. He 
grabs the mask from his face and throws it to the ground, his handsome face 
scowling. He grabs the cloak and throws it straight to the side, exposing an 
unusual fighting suit. The shirt was black but the sleeves looked like twisting 
ribbons of electricity as they ran down his arms, exposing random sections of 
skin. His hands are still covered in gloves but they now only cover part of his 
palm and the two middle fingers. His black pants shot out to the side of his 
legs, giving maximum agility as they flowed down onto the small, tight shoes. Up 
the sides of his face were black marks that resembled electricity also, running 
over his eyes. He spun the reformed Shibo-Ken-bo around quickly and brought it 
to a stop along his left arm, glaring at the four golems. "Now it is time." he 
says darkly. Washu still is in shock from the first time he did that and now 
everybody stares at Sento's true form, Jaaku. 

 "Ugh...who....." Ryoko says and turns her head to look at the form. In a flash, 
Jaaku appears right behind the golem facing the two Galaxy Police Detectives and 
a smile crosses his face. Out of the top of Shibo-Ken-bo, a glow much brighter 
than Butso-Ken-bo's erupts into a crackling, yellow blade. In less than an 
instant, there is a swirl of yellow motion and Jaaku brings the hilt to stop as 
he spins to face away from the golem. Mihoshi and Kiyone blink and look at the 
motionless golem in front of them. Then it crumbles into countless pieces and 
makes a pile of rubble in front of them. Everyone blinks at the speed at which 
the seemingly invincible golem was destroyed and stare at Jaaku as he glares at 
the other golems.

 "Don't....you....touch...my....sister...again." he fragments his sentence and 
grips Shibo-Ken-bo tightly with both hands. The golems' eyes glow again and they 
all thrust their solid hands down at the weakened Ryoko. What they find is Jaaku 
crouching above Ryoko. A moment in time seems to stand still as a smirk crosses 
Jaaku's face, revealing his small fangs. At the same time yet another glow 
erupts from the bottom end of Shibo-Ken-bo, forming into a crecent shaped blade. 
Jaaku quickly spins the hilt around above his head and brings it down to a stop. 
Two of the golems are severed right in half and fall into piles, but the other 
springs into the air quickly to avoid it. In almost the same instant, Jaaku 
leaps into the air also and raises slightly above the golem. It's lifeless eyes 
peer up at him and Jaaku lets out a demented grin. In his right hand, a fireball 
grows and Jaaku laughs softly, "Back to Dargon you go." he says. His hand flies 
forward through the air and the fireball finds it's target head on. There is an 
explosion in the air and dust from the golem's rocky body is spread into the 
air. Out from the dust cloud, Jaaku falls back to the ground lightly and lands 
facing away from all of them. Ayeka blinks for a moment as a groggy Tenchi walks 
up next to her rubbing his head.

 "Ohhhh, what happened?" he says and she turns to him.

 "Tenchi!" she shrieks and throws her arms around him. He blinks and she quickly 
regain her composure, stepping back red-faced. "I'm sorry, Tenchi!" she 
apologizes. Ryoko rises to her feet holding her stomach and gets steamed at 
Ayeka, but Washu steps up next to her looking at Jaaku. She follows her stare 
and looks at the back of Jaaku also. Tenchi and Ayeka join in also making the 
whole group to be looking at him. Sasami looks at Ryo-oki on top of her head and 
she returns the look.

 "What....are you?" Ryoko asks and her hand slides from her stomach.

 A smile crossed Jaaku's face but he didn't turn around to face them, "Why don't 
you tell them, Washu. It would be fitting that you told them." his voice calls. 
They all look at Washu but she just stares at Jaaku, not saying anything. The 
two blades from his hilt fade away and he sets it along his back, held their by 
some unseen force. "You don't seem to talk a lot when I am around......mother." 
Jaaku says flatly. 

 "Mother?!" everyone yells and stares at Washu. 

 "That's right......he is my creation. My son." Washu says and closes her eyes, 
clasping her hands in front of her. They all stare at Jaaku again and blink.

 "Why all the secrecy then? Why not just tell us right out who you were, Sento." 
Kiyone says and sets her hand on her hip.

 A soft chuckle comes from Jaaku, "Because, Detective, Sento is not who I am. I 
am better known throughout the universe as....." He turns his head slightly and 
his orange eyes flash at them all, "Jaaku." he says. Kiyone and Mihoshi both 
wince and step back.

 "Jaaku?" Mihoshi stutters. Jaaku finally turns to them all and reveals his 
form. His orange eyes gleam in the sun and he crosses his arms lightly over his 
chest. 

 "That's right. Jaaku. The ShiboNoAkuma. Criminal offender 16. File number 12573 
in the Galaxy Police database. The officer demolisher is another one I have 
heard. But they are all me." he says and eyes the two officers.

 "This....is not good, Kiyone." Mihoshi says and grabs Kiyone's sleeve. 

 Kiyone turns and screams at her, "Don't you think I know that!?"

 Suddenly Jaaku leans in right by them and he raises an eyebrow, "Is there a 
problem, officers?" he asks. Both of their pupils shrink and Mihoshi shrieks 
loudly. She pulls out another one of the new guns she was given and sticks it 
right in Jaaku's face, sending a blast of energy that envelops his head. They 
both jump back and when the smoke clears, Jaaku's charred face has a look of 
annoyance. He exhales a black cloud of smoke and closes his eyes, "Oh, I should 
have expected that from the late, great Detective Mihoshi." he sighs and rubs 
the black from his face. He hears a cocking of two pistols and pulls his hand 
from his face slowly to find them both with their spare pistols. "I take it you 
don't wish to thank me for saving your life." he says and turns around to walk 
away.

 "Halt right there! Jaaku, you are under arrest under the criminal code 4875 of 
the Police Tribune. You're coming with us for.....for..." Kiyone orders but 
starts to stutter when Jaaku laughs softly.

 "Yes yes, I have heard it all before. You are not the first officer to forget 
the list of my crimes. After all, there are so many." Jaaku says and grins at 
Washu, showing his fangs. Washu slowly opens her eyes and stares back at him 
emotionlessly. 

 "Ugh! You are still under arrest. Give yourself up now and I will put in a good 
word for you since you helped us." Kiyone yells and her finger tightens on the 
trigger. Mihoshi shakes nervously and looks between Kiyone and Jaaku.

 Jaaku grins and turns back to her, "How kind of you, officer Kiyone. I do think 
you will find arresting me is quite a task, as all of your more....unfortunate 
colleagues have found out." he says. Kiyone narrows her eyes and fires a 
powerful shot from her pistol. Mihoshi, already jumpy from Jaaku's presence, 
fires also from being startled. The two shots hit Jaaku and tear right through 
his chest, coming out the other side. Jaaku groans and hunches over, leaving 
Mihoshi and Kiyone lowering their weapons down. Jaaku breathes heavily, then 
starts to laugh softly. He stands back up and roars with laughter, the two holes 
in his chest sealing back up. "You Galaxy Police officers are too rich. Do you 
really think your pathetic weapons can harm me?" he says, his orange eyes 
glaring at them. They both raise their guns back up and empty their energy clips 
on him, but the blasts this time just bounce off and fly into the forest. Jaaku 
reaches to his back and takes his hilt once again, "It is a pity I have to kill 
more of you people before you learn." he says and the upper blade forms on his 
hilt. He holds it out pointing it at them and smirks, "Well, add two more 
officers to the list." he says and raises the hilt above his head. As he brings 
it down, Tenchi leaps in between them and stops his blade with Tenchi-ken. Jaaku 
blinks and just holds his blade against Tenchi's.

 "No, Sento or whatever your name is. Don't hurt them." he says.

 Jaaku winces and shakes his head, "It is better to rid myself of them now. Move 
out of the way or I will move you, Lord Tenchi. I may have been a servant of the 
Jurai those many years, but survival comes first." he says.

 "I won't let you harm them." Tenchi says and widens his stance a bit. 

 "Sento, stop this. I order you!" Ayeka demands and steps forward.

 "I am sorry, Princess Ayeka. Sento was a servant of the Jurai. Jaaku serves no 
one." Jaaku says and one of the orbs on Shibo-Ken-bo starts to glow. "I'm sorry 
it has to come to this, Tenchi." he says. A sudden gust of wind blows Tenchi 
back away and slams into a tree hard. He slides to the ground with a disoriented 
look again.

 "No!" Ryoko yells and lunges at Jaaku. Her sword appears in her hand and she 
rams it into his shoulder. Jaaku yells and steps back, holding a bloody shoulder 
and his hilt in the other hand. He glares at Ryoko and grips Shibo-Ken-bo 
tightly.

 "You?" he asks and gives her a shocked look. She growls and holds her sword out 
again. "I...can't believe it. Ryoko...." he says but she just glares at him. He 
look at Washu and she just looks away. "I would have never believed my own 
sister would attack me." he says and looks at Ryoko. 

 "I am not your sister, buddy. Nobody hurts Tenchi when I am around." she warns.

 His eyes narrow and he uncovers his shoulder, which has healed, "So be it. Then 
hear my words, all of you. I am here for Dargon and nothing more. As soon as I 
have taken my revenge, I shall leave. Do not get in my way! I will not be kept 
from killing Dargon. Not by you...." he growls and points at Mihoshi and Kiyone. 
"Or you........or you....." he says and points at Tenchi and then to Ryoko. His 
eyes glow with anger and he turned to Washu, "And especially not you, Mother." 
he says. She looks at him but still says nothing. He looks back at Ryoko and 
starts to glow blue, "Good-bye, Ryoko." he growls and in a flash of blue light, 
disappears.
