



						Four

 Outside the solar system, a large shadow slowly makes it's way towards Earth. 
The distant sun illuminates a large, terrible ship. It's sleek design and sheer 
size looms even in the emptiness of space. It's black hull makes it almost 
invisible as it moves closer to the sun. A little ways behind it two other ships 
are coming up very fast. These ships have Galaxy Police symbols on them and 
large armaments reveal they are battleships. Inside the black ship, on a large 
platform in a dark room stands a huge figure. All around him images of the two 
battleships approaching fill the darkness. He stands looking at them and behind 
him in a shadow, a large chair is filled with another figure.

 "They are Galaxy Police battleships. Two of them with full battle armaments." 
the huge figure says.

 "Excellent, I have wanted to test the energy cannon on the Hexum in a battle." 
a familiar voice says from the chair.

 "Should I blast them now?" the large figure asks.

 "Patience, Dargon. Let them get closer, I wouldn't want to miss them." the 
other figure says.

 "Yes, as you wish." the large figure says and steps into some light. His huge 
figure is covered by thick, bulky armor and on his helmet a symbol of a dragon 
shines. His face is covered partially by his helmet and a half-mask on the 
bottom part of his face. His red eye on the left is contrasted by the deep 
purple one on the right. "If the Hexum can destroy these two battleships in one 
blow, then you will be assured it's power rivals that of Tsunami." he says.

 The two ships surround the larger ship and a voice speaks in the black room, 
"This is the Galaxy Police battleships Konoha and Miki. We have you surrounded, 
Dargon. Surrender this instant." the voice says.

 "Well?" Dargon asks and turns to the figure in the shadow. 

 "Show them." the voice says.

 Dargon turns and the red eye flashes, "This is the battleship Hexum. We don't 
recognize the Galaxy Police as being any kind of authority figure. Get out of 
our way or prepare to burn." he says.

 "This is your final warning, Hexum. We have all weapons locked on you and if 
you do not surrender your ship, we will open fire." the voice says again.

 "Feel free to fire your pathetic weapons." Dargon says and crosses his immense 
arms.

 "Very well, we will cripple your ship and arrest you the hard way." the voice 
says. On the GP ships, large cannons glow with energy and aim at the large black 
ship. Dozens of energy blasts erupt from the two ship and impact on the black 
ship's hull. The GP ships keep firing until the black ship is lit up by the 
explosion on it's hull. They cease firing and the explosions slowly die out on 
the hull of the Hexum. In the Hexum, Dargon laughs softly and looks at the two 
ship's images, "As you can see, your weapons can't harm the Hexum." he says. The 
hull of the Hexum catches a stray sunlight and no damage was rendered from the 
volley from the other two ships. Suddenly, two large cannons start to light up 
on each GP ship and turn to the Hexum. "They are firing their main cannons." 
Dargon says a little bit worried.

 "Fools. Let them see how grand my ship is." the figure on the chair says. The 
cannons glow brightly and then fire two huge beams at the Hexum. The same from 
the other GP ship as the two huge beams from each ship slam into the Hexum's 
hull. An explosion fills the space around the Hexum and even the two battleships 
are rocked from the force. The two battleships circle the dying explosion and 
wait for wreckage. As the smoke disappears, the horrible outline of the Hexum 
still looms where it was before, not even scratched by the attack. 

 "That is incredible. Not even a shudder when they hit." Dargon says and looks 
around.

 "I told you, this ship is indestructible" the figure says. "Now, let me show 
you what a real attack is supposed to look like." he says. Dozens of lights and 
panels light up inside the black room and Dargon looks around. Outside, the 
Hexum's form shifts slightly as a huge spike slides out the front. Around the 
hull, green electricity crackles and starts to condense around the spike. As 
soon as enough energy has been formed on the spike, an immense beam fires from 
the spike at one of the ships. The beam slams into the ship and the hull of the 
GP ship starts to tear apart. Suddenly the ship breaks in half from the force 
and, in a huge explosion, is scattered across space. The other GP ship fires 
wildly at the Hexum with it's smaller artillery as it's main cannons charge up 
once again. The Hexum shifts back into it's original shape as the spike slides 
back into the ship. It starts moving towards Earth once again even as the 
remaining GP ship is reading to fire on it again.

 "Aren't you going to destroy the other ship?" Dargon asks.

 "If there isn't anybody to remember how great my ship is, then how will the 
Hexum become the most feared ship in the universe?" the figure says plainly.

 "Oh, I get it. But won't they follow us to Earth?" Dargon asks. Suddenly a beam 
from the back of the Hexum fires out at the pursuing ship. It hits the side and 
destroys a part of the ship. The ship loses power and starts to float dead in 
space, it's cannons silent from the attack.

 "Now, they will tell everyone how powerful this ship is. After our business on 
Earth, we will go on to my destiny...to rule the universe." the figure says. 
Three crystals above his head glow brightly the same color of the cannon fire. 
"With these crystals powering my ship, not even Tsunami can equal my power." he 
says and laughs softly. The black ship again makes it's way towards Earth.


 "Oh man, now I have six girls living here. Why me?" Tenchi says and sits on the 
steps down a ways from the shrine. He sighs and looks at the snow covered 
forest, "I wonder where Sento is." he says.

 "Heya Tenchi." Ryoko says and appears next to him. She sticks her hands in her 
coat and looks down at him, "What wrong?" she asks.

 "Oh, nothing. Just wondering where Sento has gone off to." he says.

 "I don't trust that guy, Tenchi. I have this gut feeling that he isn't telling 
us something." she says and looks out over the forest also.

 "Do you think he is lying? I mean, my grandpa knows him and everything and says 
he is all right." Tenchi says and looks up at her.

 "Yeah but, your grandpa is getting kinda old, Tenchi. Maybe he's not all right 
up in the head." Ryoko says and grins at him.

 "Ryoko, there is nothing wrong with my grandpa's head." Tenchi says.

 "Hey, he is Ayeka's brother. If you ask me that whole family is insane." she 
says and snickers.

 "Hey! I am part of that family. I am Yosho's grandson, remember?" he yells.

 She smiles and sits down right by him. She throws her arms around him and pulls 
him close, "Yeah but....you are different. You aren't like them all." she says.

 Tenchi winces and tries to pull away, "Argh, let go, Ryoko. What are you doing? 
Let me go." he says. She just snickers and holds on to him.

 "Am I interrupting something?" a voice from behind them asks. They both look up 
and Sento stands at the top of the steps with his arms lightly crossed.

 "Yeah, now go away." Ryoko says and glares at him.

 "Tenchi, I must speak with you." he says. Ryoko sticks her tongue out at him 
and hugs Tenchi tighter. Tenchi gasps for air and tries to pull Ryoko's arm off. 
Sento closes his eyes and shakes his head lightly, "It is urgent, Tenchi." he 
says.

 "I....know. I am trying.....to....urgh..." Tenchi says but Ryoko won't let go. 
Sento opens his eyes and they flash suddenly. Tenchi blinks and Ryoko is no 
longer holding him.

 He looks around and rubs his head, "Hey, where is.....?" he asks.

 "I sent her to cool off." Sento says flatly. Down on the icy flat of the lake, 
a hand breaks up through the ice. Ryoko pulls herself up from the ice and floats 
into the air shivering uncontrollably.

 She is almost frozen and puts her arms around herself, "I..I...I am-m-m-
m....going t-t-to killlllll him-m-m-m." she stutters.
 


 Back up on the steps, Tenchi stands up and walks up to Sento, "All right, what 
is it, Sento?" he asks.

 "It's about the reason I am here." he says and turns to him. Tenchi nods and 
looks at him, "You need to know that..." he starts but a voice from behind him 
interrupts.

 "Sento from Jurai?" Kiyone asks. Sento turns his head and looks at her in her 
casual clothes. She has her hand on her slim hips as she wears a leather jacket 
over her white shirt, some tight pants and heavy boots. 

 "That's right." he says.

 "I am Detective Kiyone, Special Operations level 3. I need to talk to you about 
the criminal I am tracking." she says. 

 "I am sorry, Tenchi. I will have to tell you later." he says and looks at 
Tenchi.

 "Oh, that's okay. Whenever you are ready." Tenchi says and rubs his head.

 "I am sorry Tenchi but I need to talk to Sento alone." Kiyone says and looks at 
him.

 "Oh, okay. I'll just go see what Sasami is making for dinner." Tenchi says and 
goes down towards the house.

 "Now, how can I help you, Detective?" Sento asks, his cloak flapping slightly.

 She looks up into his orange eyes and at his mask, "You are the most unusual 
Jurai warrior I have ever seen." she says.

 "I am not your usual Jurai warrior. I am not even Jurai." he says.

 She blinks and looks him over again, "I thought the Jurai didn't accept 
warriors outside of their bloodline." she says.

 He looks her over in return and uncrosses his arms letting his cloak fall over 
his body. "Mine was a....special case. Is this an interrogation or a friendly 
exchange of information?" he asks.

 She smirks lightly and shakes her head, "Okay, enough small talk then. Why is 
it the Jurai sent you and did not inform us so we could cooperate?" she asks.

 "I cannot discuss that with you. This is a very discrete mission for the Jurai. 
They are not even acknowledging my presence here." he says.

 "So you are here but you are not here?" she asks.

 "Let's just say when you make your report, my name will not come up in it." he 
says.

 She nods and looks out into the forest, "Okay then, it won't. Tell me, is it 
Dargon that I am tracking?" she asks.

 "Perhaps, don't you know who you are tracking?" he asks and smirks.

 "Our information is very sketchy right now. We are almost sure it is Dargon but 
there is still a chance it could be someone else." she says.

 "Like...Jaaku?" he asks.

 She looks at him and blinks, "How do you know about that?" she asks.

 "It is amazing how well I can blend in when there are so many around." he says.

 She winces a bit and nods her head, "Yes, it could be Jaaku. You have heard of 
him?" she asks.

 A smiles crosses his face under his mask, "A little. There is some information 
on Jurai about him. Why would you think he has come here after disappearing for 
two thousand years?" he asks.

 "Who knows? Maybe he is after the master key that Tenchi holds. Maybe he is 
even coming with Dargon, they were last known to be allied to each other." she 
says.

 "Jaaku would not be with Dargon, believe me. They may have been allies once but 
I don't think they are anymore." he says flatly.

 She looks at him and tilts her head, "You seem to know more about Jaaku then 
you are letting on." she says.

 "Jaaku is not here right now, let's just leave it at that. Dargon is the 
criminal you want and the one I want. I will cooperate in anyway you need but I 
will do what it takes to protect Tenchi and the princesses." he says.

 She nods and looks towards the house, "All right, it's a deal. If one of us 
gets any information on Dargon then we share it, okay?" she asks.

 "Agreed. Now I have duties to attend to, if you'll excuse me." he says and 
bows. She nods and watches him walk towards the shrine.

 "Hey Sento?" she yells after him. He turns to her and she crosses her arms, 
"What about information on Jaaku? Will you share that?" she asks. He looks at 
her a moment and then turns and starts walking again. She watches him disappear 
and sighs, "I wonder what the Jurai are doing here. It is so odd that they 
didn't inform me about this." she thinks. She turns and starts down the stairs 
towards the house once again.
