The characters of the Tenchi Muyo universe are the creation and possession of AIC and Pioneer 
---------------
Echoes In The Mist
Camille Christansen
echoesinthemist@angelfire.com
---------------

~~ Chapter 3 ~~ 

Washu smiled. "Good girl," she said gently. 

Misato cried out and flinched away as if she had been burned. She couldn't believe this this was happening. "So what happens
now?" she asked. 

"You follow me," Washu answered simply. 

Misato wanted to protest but decided against it. Instead, she followed Washu in silence. Even with Washu smiles and laughs every
now and then, Misato couldn't help but feel... angry with the red head. 

*What's she up to?* Misato wondered when Washu started typing on a translucent computer which appeared out of no where. 

Washu grinned and lifted her finger. "Brace yourself," she chuckled in that annoying voice of hers. With that, her finger came down
on the enter button. 

And in that very instant, they disappeared. 

* * * * * 

"Where are we?" Misato asked. 

Their little disappearing act was amazing. It gave Misato chills to not see herself there at all. Chills to see her hands disappear; arms
with no hands. But it was only for a brief moment. 

Now, she was in some sort of very small room. It was very, very bare. In fact, there was nothing there at all except for some flying
cushion Washu was sitting on. 

"Okay!" Washu cracked her knuckles and stretched. "I know you have a lot of questions, but take it easy will you?" 

"Who are you? You never answered that before." 

"Who am I? Who am I!?! My dear, I am Washu! Greatest scientific genius in the universe! Your creator and mother. Why, didn't
you know that already?" 

"I did but I... I, um, guess I had to make sure." Misato took a deep breath. "What's my name Washu?" 

Washu whipped around to face her. "Huh? WHAT!?!" 

"I said what's my name?" Misato repeated. 

"You don't know your-? Okay, fine. The space pirate Ryoko. Serious offender. Case number 808..." 

"...12029," Misato finished. She nodded slowly. "I remember." 

Washu looked at her in amazement. "Very good." 

Misato looked like she was on the verge of tears. She finally got what she wanted after all these years. She thought it would feel so
good to know who she was again. 

"Maybe you should take a rest for a while," Washu suggested. "This might be too much for you." 

"No, I don't think so." 

Washu lauhed. "To tell you the truth, if I started to fly, then I learned I was a space pirate from someone who looked 12 and
claimed to be my mom, I'd probably faint. And all the time before that, I was living a normal life. Then again, what's normal these
days?" she laughed again. 

Ryoko smiled. "Yeah, that is kinda wierd huh?" 

Washu grinned. "So what are you going to do now that you know, well, what you know?" 

"I think I'll..." Ryoko paused. "I think I'm going to forget." 

"You can't do that," Washu snorted in disbelief. 

"Can't I? Who's stopping me?" 

Washu's mouth dropped when she realized her daugher wasn't kidding. "That is the dumbest choice..." 

"Choice?! Life is full of choices and for once I would like to decide! I never wanted to have this to happen. To have amnesia. To
fall in love." Her voice cracked at the last few words. 

But Washu caught them. "Fall in love?" She smiled deviously. "Not even with: Ten-chi?" 

"No. I mean, but..." Ryoko's lip trembled, not wanting to answer Washu. She shook herself out of her small daze and stared at the
redhead angrily. "Get out." 

Washu was relieved, however, that Ryoko could not answer her question. "Fine Ryoko. I'll leave you alone for now, if that's what
you want. But I leave you now, with a warning. And if you ever want to talk to me again, just say my name out loud." 

"Don't worry, I won't. Just get out," Ryoko growled. Washu stepped aside. "This is WAY over," she said. She stomped away and
teleported out of the room. 

A huge grin was planted on the little greatest scientific genius in the universe as she watched Ryoko walk out of sight. Washu
chuckled, "Oh no, my little Ryoko. It's barely just begun." 

* * * * * 

Akari opened the door. "Misato? Misato? Are you here?" She gasped. Apparently, nothing in the room was left undamaged.
Everything was broken, torn or something. 

Akari looked around frantically calling Misato. She wasn't there. What if she was kidnapped? This couldn't be happening. Misato
was injured and can't help herself! She scrambled for the phone and dialed for the police. 

RRRIIINNNGGG!! RRRIIINNNGGG!! 

"Pick up! Please pick up!" Akari pleaded as she clutched the cordless phone. "Come on!" 

"Hello? Kurashiki Japan Police. Can I help you?" 

"Hi. I'd like to file a missing person's..." Unexpectedly, a hand shot out on Akari's shoulder. Akari dropped the phone and
screamed. 

"Hello? Mam? Hello? Are you all right? Hello?" 

Akari took a couple of deep breaths. "Oh, Mi-Misato...It's y-you!" she stammered. "I was so worried! What happened here?" 

"Hello? Mam?" 

Akari picked the phone up. "I'm sorry. Never mind." Then hung up but still held on to the phone. She turned back to Misato.
"What happened?" 

Misato kept staring at her, her expression was as hard as stone. 

"Misato? Stop that. You're scaring me." Akari gave a nervous laugh. 

Misato took a few steps toward Akari. Akari scrambled backward. Too frightened to see where she was going, she tripped.
Misato smiled an evil smile and pulled out a knife. 

"What are you doing? What are you doing? Misato? Misato!" 

* * * * * Ryoko landed at the bottom of the stairs in the Masaki shrine. In her hands were her gems. She had just fetched them. 

Ryoko looked up to the Masaki shrine. Akari would be there really soon and boy did she have a story to tell. 

Ryoko paused for a breath. Somehow, she didn't feel like going to the shrine. At least, not just yet. 

Ryoko abruptly turned around headed toward another direction. She had to see someone else first. She knew exactly where she
was headed for. Tenchi. 

Ryoko slowed her pace down. She was in no hurry, just excited. Even if so many thing happened that day, nature still was very
peaceful. She noticed the grass hadn't been cut yet but it had a scent of summer. Ryoko inhaled deeply and smiled. 

She was at the dock of the house already and her shoes made a soft clamping sound on the wood. Ryoko circled the house a few
times looking at the windows to see if she could spot him. 

*Wait a minute! What am I doing anyway? Who am I trying to see? I don't even know this person! Heck, I don't even believe in
love at first sight!* Ryoko stopped at that thought. Was it really love at first sight? 

She shook her head and turned away from the house. The best decision at the moment seemed to be to see Akari. She would
know what to do. Akari always had the answers. 

Still, Ryoko couldn't help but look back one more time at the very same window she saw Tenchi in last night. 

Was it by instinct or coincidence that she turned around? Because at that same moment, Tenchi came out of the house. He saw
Ryoko first. Dropping his bag he continued to stare. 

Ryoko's eyes finally wandered down to Tenchi. It might have looked kind of awkward for them to be just standing there, a mile
apart, staring at each other. But it certainly didn't feel like it. 

Three years seemed to have been an eternity for them. Either way, both of them were practically shining with light. If you could see
them, you'd think, 'whoa! Those are two happy people.' Or then again, maybe not. Even if they were beaming, their face showed
no expression. Probably fearing what would happen if someone actually did catch them. 

The moment was broken when a scream came from the direction of the cabin. It was a scream of pain and horror. Ryoko knew,
she had screamed like that plenty of times before. 

*Akari!* she thought. Her eyes tore away from Tenchi's gaze and she ran back to the cabin. 

A part of her wanted to go back but she knew Akari was in trouble. Those men were probably still at the house waiting for her.
Another part of her cringed when she realized Tenchi wasn't do anything. Not calling her, not running after her, nothing. 

* * * * * 

"Akari! Akari! Where are you?!" Ryoko ran into the house. There had been no sign of people around so she felt safe enough to go
in. She'd have to either way, anyway. 

The house was a complete mess. But what horrified Ryoko most of all was when she saw, on the counter in the kitchen, the
groceries. 

"Oh my god! They took her!" She gasped starting to back away. Somehow, she couldn't because of a hurting feeling inside of her
stomach. She wanted to puke there. 

What was worse, was when she saw blood on the phone. Akari's blood. *What if they killed her?* Ryoko thought desperately. 

That couldn't happen. Her best friend forever was now gone. *No it can't be!* Ryoko ran to the phone and pressed re-dial. 

"Hello? Kurashiki Japan Police. Can I help you?" 

Ryoko closed the phone. *She was trying to contact the police for help! She was definitely in trouble. Or what if she was just
worried that someone robbed the house and I wasn't there? What if she's down at the police station right now?* she wondered. 

Ryoko trudged through the mess and flopped down on the couch. She raised her hand to her forehead. Headaches were getting
very common these days. 

*She couldn't be at the police station because someone should at least be here. Some cop or something. Then if it's not that,
what?* millions of questions circled Ryoko's head. 

"Penny for your thoughts," a voice said. Ryoko jumped up. The man smiled. *Bitch.* 

* * * * * 

Aeka was taking her usual afternoon stroll in the woods. She loved taking walks on earth. The trees and plants were slightly
different from those on Jurai but different, never the less. She loved the fresh smell of rose wood that hung in the air. The pleasant
walks also gave her time to think. 

At the moment, she was thinking about how wonderful it would be to have Tenchi with her in Jurai. She couldn't wait till the week
ended. Sure, Tenchi would be sad he left for a while. But that would change once he arrived in Jurai, right? They would spend
hours together alone and it would be perfect. 

Now a days, Aeka was usually free. The reason was, Sasami was getting older and was taking more responsibility. Not that Aeka
still didn't have responsibility, just that Sasami was at the trial period in her life where she would even have parts of Jurai to rule. 

*The trial period was never easy in the beginning,* Aeka remembered. *But it gets much easier later on.* 

Another thing that was on her mind was that Aeka was headed toward some place for once. Normally, she would just walk
anywhere and explore. But now, she was on the road to a cabin she had found on her last visit on earth. 

She had asked Yosho about it that morning and he said, 30 years ago, a woman built the house for her and her fiancee to live in.
But the fiancee left for a journey and didn't come back. The house was passed on to children after children until finally, a doctor
bought it. They say that the doctor is the ghost of the first owner. 

Aeka shook her head. Personally, Yosho's made up stories were getting quite pathetic and did not impress her anymore. They
were obviously fiction. 

Still, it would be fun to explore the haunted cabin. Aeka never really told anyone but she had always enjoyed exploring the
unknown. 

But what really surprised her was when she approached the cabin. She saw a figure in the window. Aeka had only assumed the
place was abandoned. What if Yosho's story was really true? 

Aeka rolled her eyes. *No, I doubt it.* The she called for her logs quietly. "Asaka? Kamidake?" 

Two logs immediately appeared behind her. They reported promptly in loud clear voices. "Yes, mam!" 

Aeka clenched her teeth. "Sssh! Can't you see that I'm trying to spy on someone here? Do you purposely want to give me away?" 

"No, mam!" 

"Quiet! Not so loud. Back me up." 

This time, the logs soundlessly moved behind the princess as she walked up to the window and peeped in. 

* * * * * 

"I'm surprised Ryoko. You have hardly used your powers." 

"You're not good enough for me to waste it on," Ryoko replied and sneered at him. The truth was, she had no idea how to use her
powers. She didn't even remember what kind of powers she had. 

"You didn't use to think that." 

"Oh, really now? What WAS I thinking!?!" 

"We'll see what you think after this," The man snapped his fingers. 

A band of aliens, at least a dozen of them, came out from the ends of the house into the room. They were manlike bears, slightly
taller than three feet. Their lean arms rippled with muscles. Each was holding a spear, topped by a wicked looking point. 

"What do you think of them? I am still gaining the power to summon things, these are the worst I can summon so far. They may be
small, but their amazing fighters." 

"You are so low class," Ryoko muttered. "So where's Akari?" 

"Akari? Who's Aka…oh, your friend! The doctor, yes. She was a waste you know. What a pity. So beautiful too. Do you know
what she said when I was about to slit her throat?" 

Ryoko couldn't help but tremble. Not from fear but from anger and hatred. Her voice was solemn. "Bastard." 

The man went on, quite enjoying himself. "She couldn't believe that her friend would kill her. Smart and beautiful, eh? Speaking of
looks, what did you do to yourself? Quite a change." 

Ryoko ran her fingers down her hair. She could feel her cheeks getting hot. Turning away, she took of her contact lenses. "Fool.
Don't you know who you're dealing with? Do you know where I've been all these years? Hiding?" 

"It's not my position to say." 

"It's called training. Building more power up. What do you think Washu was doing in her lab? Moaning about me? No. She knew.
In fact, she helped me. I am stronger than any of my bosses ever." Ryoko lied through her teeth. The man turned pale. That was a
good sign. Very good sign. 

"I thought Kagato was your one and only master..." 

"Shows how little you know." Ryoko replied. She couldn't believe how smoothly she was talking. *That was a close one! I don't
get it though. I only had one boss?* 

"What is knowledge right now Ryoko? All I need at the moment is power. I have enough to kill you." 

"We'll see about that!" Ryoko dived for his ankles and tripped him. Her landing was soft but the struggle got worse. Soon,
everyone was piled on top of her. They struggled for a moment but she was finally able to free herself from them. The sudden
release caused her to fall backward. 

The shock washed over her like a wave but she got up immediately. She precariously started moving to the door. Limping, she fell
and rolled into the lake. 

The men ran up in front of her. One, shrieking with rage, grabbed her by the neck and began to slowly force her head below the
surface. 

The cold water kept her alert, even as blackness began to swim before her eyes. Her head hurt and she felt so dizzy. The darkness
grew deeper and more solid around her. *Air! Air!* Her lungs were on fire causing her to give one huge surge of energy. She burst
back into the surface and kicked the man off. 

Ryoko was breathing in big gasps now. The leader laughed. "You never cease to impress me, Ryoko." Then to the other man he
said, "You weak fool. You wouldn't stand a chance against her. She hasn't even used a drop of power." 

"Rosco, what if she doesn't even have power?" Another man suggested. 

*Rosco?! Rosco?! Where have I heard that name before?* Ryoko wondered. Another part of her said, *They know! They
know! They know that you don't have any power!* 

"Don't..." Ryoko staggered to her feet. "Don't be foolish. This is child's play for me." 

"He's right Ryoko. You just fly and basically that's it. Go on. Impress me with your power. At least, prove my men wrong." 

"I don't have to prove anything." 

"She doesn't have her gems, Rosco. Look at her! She's beat." 

Rosco stepped back, not knowing what to think anymore. "I don't believe this. Ryoko, you came to us without anything. You
know my power. You've seen it. And you come..." 

"No, Rosco! Don't believe it!" 

"It doesn't matter. It's going to be much easier to kill you, then." 

*I'm finished.* Ryoko thought exasperated. She was already using all her energy just to stay conscious. *No way am I giving in to
oblivion again! It hasn't even been an hour since the last time.* 

Rosco raised his staff, sneering. The point was glowing a deep green color. The light flowed down to Rosco's hand. It got brighter,
like an extended point of the staff. 

"Aren't you forgetting something?" Ryoko said at last. 

"What?" 

"Rosco!" A loud female voice yelled out from afar. Everyone turned around to look at Aeka. 

Everyone except Ryoko, who had fallen to the ground, though no one noticed. 

Aeka continued, "What business does a man of Symel have with a child of earth?! Didn't you have enough three years ago?" 

"And what do you, Princess Aeka, daughter of the king and queen of Juraian Empire, have to do with the men of Symel and their
business." 

"It is my duty, Rosco. Part of my family is of the children of earth." Aeka then called her logs, "Seize them." 

Rosco and his band got the picture. They got on their crafts and left with a huge group of logs behind them. 

Aeka, Asaka and Kamidake ran to Ryoko. *I do hope she's all right,* Aeka thought as she kneeled beside the girl. *I wonder
who she is.* 

She stared at her face. There was something very familiar about it. She'd never seen it before... light brown hair. Her eyes opened
but she seemed spaced out. Aeka didn't want to say anything. It couldn't be possible. It couldn't! She was dead! Dead! 

"No! This can't be happening!" She cried out. But it was happening. There was only one person she knew with those kind of eyes. 

"Why? Who is it?" Kamidake asked. 

Aeka didn't want to say it fearing her guardians would laugh at her or worse... admit that it was real. 

But Asaka said it for her. "It's Ryoko!" 
---------------
End of chapter three

