




				Chapter Two <The depths of the past>


 "I don't trust him, Tenchi. He's too cocky, too loud, too...." Ryoko starts but 
Ayeka finishes for her.

 "Too much like you." she quickly chimes in. Ryoko sticks her tongue out at her 
but Tenchi just keeps looking at Sento. Sento is facing away from them all, just 
peering out into the forest.

 "Tenchi, what is going on up here? Why aren't your chores finished yet?" Yosho 
says as he walks up the path. Sento slowly turns around and sees this old figure 
walking towards them all.

 "Oh yeah, sorry Grandpa. I got kind of...." Tenchi starts.

 "Sento?" Yosho says as he sees Sento standing there. All the other blink and 
look at Sento as he walks over to Yosho.

 "I would never believe it unless I saw it. Lord Yosho, how are you?" Sento says 
and bows to him.  Yosho smiles and sets a hand on his shoulder, "Oh, I am fine. 
I haven't seen you in over seven hundred years. You haven't changed a bit, 
Sento." Yosho says.

 Sento smiles at him as all the others stare blankly, "Thank you, but you, what 
happened? I heard you went off chasing this demon but why did you stay here?" he 
asks.

 "Oh, that is such a boring story. How long are you staying and maybe I could 
tell you." Yosho says.

 "I am just here to chase someone down. Same old story." Sento says.

 Yosho chuckles and lowers his hand back down, "Yes, things never change, do 
they?"

 "Brother, you know him?" Ayeka finally breaks in.

 Yosho turns to them all and stands next to Sento, "Oh yes, I have known Sento 
for a very long time. He and I used to spar in my youth. He is a very trusted 
person among the royalty of Jurai." he says.

 "Lord Yosho is the only member of the Jurai that could fight me to standstill." 
Sento says.

 "Oh, I thought that's what Tenchi did just now." Ryoko says with a grin.

 Sento looks at her and suddenly laughs, "That little battle? Oh, you 
misunderstand, that was just to see if he could handle Tenchi-ken, to see if he 
was Yosho's descendant. No offense, Lord Tenchi, but I was only toying with 
you." Sento says.

 Tenchi blinks and crosses his arms, "Oh, none taken." he says.

 "Oh, don't worry about it, Tenchi. Sento has thousands of years of fighting 
experience. It would be unheard of if you could defeat him." Yosho says.

 "If you say so, Grandpa." Tenchi says.

 Yosho sighs and tuns back to Sento, "My apologies, he is young and proud. He 
really is a good kid." he says.

 "Oh, don't worry about it, Lord Yosho. He actually did quite well, he truly is 
a Jurai warrior." Sento says, looking at Tenchi.

 "Stupid piece of junk! Work correctly!" Washu suddenly blurts out at her 
computer. Everybody looks at her oddly and she looks up at all of them. "Oh 
don't mind me, just working on my computer." she says sheepishly. All of them 
start assaulting Sento and Yosho with questions when Mihoshi comes running out 
of the house.

 "Guys! My wrist thingy just started beeping! Something is going on!" she 
shrieks as she runs up. They all look at her and Sento narrows his eyes. 

 "So what does that mean?" Ryoko asks a little annoyed.

 "Uhm, I'm not sure but I think a high-level criminal is headed for this planet. 
According to this thingy, it is a very dangerous one." she says and looks at her 
wrist band.

 Yosho looks at Sento and he mutters, "Dargon, it has to be." 

 They all look at him and Mihoshi blinks, "Who is that?" she inquires.

 "Oh, this is a Royal warrior from Jurai, Sento." Ayeka explains. 

 Mihoshi smiles and waves, "Oh, nice to meet you. I am Mihoshi, Detective First 
Class in the...."

 "In the Galaxy Police, yes I know." Sento says oddly.

 Mihoshi blinks and puts a finger up to her mouth, "But, how did you know that? 
Are you with the GP also?" she asks.

 "Oh, far from it. Let's just say I have been told about you." Sento says.

 "Oh yeah? How cool! I told you guys I am known around the galaxy!" Mihoshi says 
and does a little pose. Everyone stares at her sweatdropping when Washu once 
again yells out loud.

 "Agh! Why can't you just do what I tell you to!" she yells and pounds on her 
transparent panel. 

 "If ya ask me, I think this is all just a load of baloney." Ryoko says to 
Tenchi.

 "Baloney! You are saying one of our warriors is lying?!" Ayeka yells at her. 
Tenchi cringes and tries to break them up.

 Sento blinks at them all and looks at Yosho, "Are they always like this?" he 
asks.

 "Oh, just another normal day on planet Earth, my friend." Yosho says to him.

 "Oh yeah! I forgot to tell you guys something really important!" Mihoshi 
suddenly blurts out. Everyone looks at her quickly as she smiles widely, "Lunch 
is ready!" They all sigh and shake their heads. 

 "Oh, very important." Ryoko says and starts to float towards the house. Ayeka 
and Tenchi follow with Mihoshi close in tow.

 Sasami turns to Sento and smiles widely, "Are you gonna eat with us, Mister 
Sento?" she asks.

 "We'll be there in a second, we're just going to talk a bit first. You go 
ahead, Sasami." Yosho says. 

 "Okay, hurry up though!" Sasami giggles and runs down after them all. Ryo-oki 
bounds after her as Washu still looks at Sento. 

 "Well, I am going to my lab to check you out, Sento. You are not all that you 
claim to be." she says and turns, walking towards the house.

 Sento looks at Yosho as he peers after Washu, "So, what do you think?" Yosho 
asks.

 Sento looks back after them all and crosses his arms under his cloak, "It's all 
a bit overwhelming. I didn't think I would meet her here. She looks just as I 
remember her. And Ryoko, her daughter?" he says.

 "Are you going to tell them about.....him?" Yosho asks. Sento just looks at 
Washu disappear into the house. 

 "I don't know, it might complicate things." he says.

 "At least tell Washu, she deserves to know." Yosho says and looks at Sento.

 Sento nods a bit and sighs, "Five thousand years, it's a long time to be bitter 
towards one person." he says.

 "You need to talk to her. Maybe it all isn't how you think it is." Yosho says 
and places his hand on Sento's shoulder. Sento doesn't answer and looks at the 
house, "Welcome to Earth, Sento." Yosho says and looks at the house also. 
