




The characters of the Tenchi Muyo Universe are the creation and possession of AIC and Pioneer
---------------
Echoes In The Mist
Camille Christansen
echoesinthemist@angelfire.com
--------------- 

~~ Chapter 1 ~~ 

"Oh god! Are you alright?!" Akari cried and ran over. 

The first thing Misato felt was shock. There was a pain on her head. Dizzily, she pushed herself up to a kneeling position. 

"Wow! That was some fall you took," Akari commented. Then she saw Misato's shirt starting to turn red. "Misato, your side!" 

"What, what-" Misato started. She groaned and closed her eyes again. "What was that?" 

"You slipped and hit your head," Akari answered, handing Misato some ice to put on her head. Then she went over to get
bandages for Misato's side. "I can't believe I left a knife on the ground," she muttered. 

"Another accident,” Misato groaned. A few years back, she had been in a terrible accident. Misato was found unconcious on a
beach in Japan. Her body was filled with bruises and scars. She was brought to Akari’s clinic. That’s where the two bestfreinds
first met. 

When Misato woke up, she couldn’t remember anything about her past. The only thing to identify her by was three ruby gems and
a paper that read: Misato Nihana. 

The strange thing was, when Akari and Misato went to the police she had no files at all. 

Nevertheless, Misato continued with life. In fact, she and Akari were now on vacation in Kurashiki Mountains of Japan.
Supposedly, they thought it was going to be perfect. They both thught wrong. 

“Another accident that will last me a life time,” Misato commented, putting the ice on the bruise. But the bruise wasn't the one that
was hurting. It was her side. The pain was incredible. Blood started to run down to the floor from her soaked shirt. 

"Oh, you're all right. Be careful with your head. Talk about a nasty blow." 

"Talk about a nasty slit." Misato frowned, rubbing her head. The bruise felt kinda swollen, but that wasn't the only thing it felt like.
Maybe it wasn’t the bruise at all. It was something bad but there was something different, something had changed. It was... damn!
She couldn't put her finger on it. 

"So the lesson now, is to not run around in the house," Akari laughed as she finished putting the bandages on Misato's side. 

"And not to lay things around," Misato countered. She pointed to the shirt she had slipped on. Akari had left it there. Then Misato
handed Akari the knife she had also left too. That was the only flaw with Akari. She was really organized, punctual, kind,
successful, etc but she would always lay things around. 

Akari rolled her eyes. "Oh, fine." She smiled and helped Misato up, as she tossed the knifed into a closet nearby. 

"You know, I fell kinda wierd. Tired maybe? Strangely refreshed?" 

Akari laughed. "You should be. Your side was just cut open... luckily not THAT deep, but bad enough. Wierd, I'm kinda used to
it. It's normal for me." 

Misato rolled her eyes. "You're a doctor. My side hurts so much. Argh! And my head!" 

"Maybe you should just get some rest," Akari suggested as they headed to Misato's bedroom. "You might not be able to do
anything for two weeks or so in that condition." 

"Well, okay. I guess I just spoiled two whole weeks of our vacation. Sorry," Misato apologized as she slipped under the bed
covers. 

"Misato, we have two whole months. Besides, it's nice to work again and treat someone. Besides, I was exaggerating." 

"And I don't need to go to a hospital. My condition isn't that bad, right?" 

"You're overreacting! Of course you don't need to go to a hospital. Look, I better give you some privacy and rest." Akari started
to get up to leave. "And, Misato? Please don't get into anymore trouble." 

"Oh, don't worry. I'm not going anywhere. Not like this," Misato murmured as she drifted off to sleep. 

* * * * * 

It was black. Misato found herself sitting down on a wall. An image of a city appeared in the darkness. It seemed to be a great city
just moments before. Now, almost all the buildings were in ruins or on fire. People were screaming in pain and in fear. Misato
found herself laughing at that. Her finger cast forms of energy creating more destruction. 

"Depart you wicked demon!" A voice echoed in Misato's mind. A man appeared from the dark holding a light sword. Apparently,
he was the one shouting at Misato. 

Misato found herself forming her own light sword. She was going inside a ship and that man was after her. The flight was long and
the man was right behind her. It was hard to dodge his blows. Finally, she crashed on a planet. Misato saw the flames go up in the
darkness. Then the image dissolved into black. 

A new scene had appeared. It was dim and rocks surrounded her. Misato found herself now in a cave. She felt trapped and
miserable in the solitude. Suddenly a boy appeared outside the cave. Misato watched him play and get older till he became a
young man. 

The rocks around her disappeared. But the young man didn't disappear. Misato felt hypnotized by his dark eyes and his smile. It
felt wonderful. She didn't want to let the feeling go. 

Another background started to appear again. Misato was in a house. It was very familiar though she had never been in it before.
But she knew there was a lab under the stairs. She knew where the bedrooms where, the kitchen, the living room, and where
everything else was. 

There were faces too. Faces which flashed before her. They made Misato smile but she had no idea who they were. What made
her so happy though was the face of that young man. 

That young man. Tenchi. 

* * * * * 

"Tenchi..." Misato whispered. 

"Who?" Akari asked. 

Misato woke up and opened her eyes. She blinked. "Huh?" 

"Who did you say? Tenchi? Who's that?" Akari repeated. 

Misato racked her brains for an answer. Looking through pages of a book but it seemed like the pages were blank. *Tenchi?* She
shook her head and replied, "I honestly don't know." 

"Okay well, sorry. I didn't mean to disturb you. I was just getting this towel." 

"No problem. I was dreaming I guess." 

"What was it about?" 

"I don't remember, exactly. I know I've never had it before." 

Akari shrugged. "Well, pleasant dreams." She waved and closed the door. Akari stepped into the living room and glanced at the
clock. 

11:45 

*Misato slept through dinner. She's probably hungry,* Akari realized. She turned around and headed back for Misato's room.
Knocking on the door, she called softly, "Misato? Are you still awake?" 

"Yeah, come in!" Misato answered. 

Akari came in to see Misato in a nightgown. It was a white, featherweight dress with long loose sleeves. 

"Nice." Akari whistled. 

Misato brushed away the hair from her forehead and smiled. "Thanks. I'm going to sleep anyway so I had to get out of my jeans." 

Akari noticed Misat shivering. "Cold?" she asked, "Wear this." Akari handed her white robe which had a simple cape-like design.
"Anyway, I was wondering if you were hungry. It's been a few hours-" 

"Yes!" Misato cried, realizing that she was hungry. Her stomach had been growling forever. She knew the hunger was there but her
thoughts were on something else... like, that guy. 

"Okay. I'll heat up a microwave dinner for you. Is that okay? It'll only take a minute," Akari said as she led Misato into the kitchen.

Misato seated herself at the table. "That'll be fine. Hey, who's tea is this?" she asked as she took a glass and poured herself some
tea. 

Akari popped the food in the microwave. When she turned around to look at Misato, she laughed. "It's mine and... yes, you may
have some." 

Misato smiled back. 

Akari looked at her watch and yawned. "Look, I'm really sleepy. Can you handle-" 

Misato cut her off. "I'll manage, really! Go to sleep. I don't want to be responsible for your worries." 

"Well, if you're sure..." Akari said uneasily. 

"I am." Misato replied firmly. 

Akari nodded. She turned around and walked to her bedroom. 

After Misato heard the door of Akari close, she turned to watch the rain outside. It was unusually rainy that summer day. The news
predicted it to be very hot the next few weeks and never said anything about rain. 

Misato felt restless. There was an emptiness in her stomach but somehow, she didn't feel like eating. Was it because she felt weak?
No. She was very energized, she was just injured that's all. 

She walked to the door and looked outside. The wind blew through the screen in the door playing around with Misato's hair. 

Misato had an urge to push the door open and go out of the house. The woods in the mountains was very nice. Her ride on her
horse across the wonderfulness of the mountains gave her a very soothing feeling. It probably would have been perfect had it not
been that accident. 

Misato took a step forward, then another and another. She pushed the door open and took a few quicker steps. Her pace grew
faster and faster till she was in a sprint. 

She ran through a hedged walk which curved around the cabin and ended at a gate. The gate opened into a piece of ground
enclosed by a low wall of rough stones. The low wall did not stop her. She simply leaped over it landing on a road on the other
side. After crossing the road she entered the endless sea of trees. 

It had been about 10 minutes and Misato was still running through the woods even though her side was aching and she her lungs
were already burning. She didn't care about the strain. 

Her feet were bare, dirty from the mud and scarred from the twigs and rough stones. Mud splattered on the bottom of her soaked
dress. Akari's robe and her long loose sleeves were flowing behind her. 

That's when she started to hear voices. 

"I hate you... I hate you... I hate you..." 

"No could ever love a monstrous woman like you... like you...like you...." 

"Never again, Ryoko...never again...again...again..." 

Misato covered her ears but the torment of the voices just kept coming. "No go away! Go away! Leave me alone!" She cried,
running even faster. 

It was strange because for some reason, she knew where she was escaping to. It was like a magnet and it was calling her. 

Finally, Misato stopped. Her chest was heaving. She sank to the floor, tired and in pain. Looking around, she realized she was a
lake surrounded with mountains. There was a house nearby and another building a little farther away in a mountain. But the scenery
didn't really mean anything to Misato at the moment. Too much of other things were on her mind. 

"I guess I just don't know who I am anymore." 

* * * * * 

Tenchi woke up for the third time that night. It was raining outside and the lightning would flash into his room. He could see the
tree's shadows toss in his room as the wind lashed them about. 

Tenchi stood up to look outside the window, his blanket wrapped around him. The clouds would cover the moon once in a while,
creating shadows that would race along the path. 

Tenchi frowned. He would be leaving earth in a week to go to Jurai with Aeka. Aeka and Sasami would go to Jurai every two
months then come back to visit for a weeks. 

Mihoshi and Kiyone were not partners anymore and neither one of them were stationed on earth. Kiyone was now working solo
and being promoted rapidly. Amazingly, Mihoshi had become from a bimbo to a passing for normal. However, from what Tenchi
heard, the galaxy police had their hands full since she started to assist her grandfather at the main headquarters. 

The only people who hadn't changed were Washu, Nobiyuki and Yosho. They were still the same. Yosho would never change...
old dogs don't learn new tricks. As for Nobiyuki, well, who knows what goes on in that perverted mind of his. Washu though, it
was strange that the greatest scientist in the universe hadn't shed one tear over her greatest creation and above all, her daughter. 

Tenchi sighed not knowing what to think anymore. Was he doing the right thing, to go to Jurai? Life on earth wasn't the same
anymore for some reason. Those days, there was always this emptiness inside of him. A part of his life was just torn away... just
like that. 

It all happened three years ago when a guy arrived. According to Kiyone, Desomitsu was a most wanted criminal. According to
Washu, he was no one to mess with. According to Ryoko, he was after her. And soon enough, they all proved right. 

Tenchi shuddered at the thought of what occurred after Desomitsu's arrival. And what it all came down to was Ryoko's death. She
had died in Tenchi's arms. 

Lately, for the past two weeks, Tenchi had been having the same nightmare over and over. If only it was on something else aside
from Ryoko's death. It was always Ryoko's death. Every night, every time he slept, it was Ryoko's death. 

That's when Tenchi saw her. 

*Ryoko!!!* Tenchi gasped. His mouth dropped open. He wanted to smile but he was in shock. He knew it was not real... was it? 

Ryoko looked beautiful sitting there at the edge of the lake. The rain drops streamed down her face. Her eyes looked red from
crying. Her white dress was flowing behind her and her hair was tangled up. 

*I love you my Tenchi.* Tenchi remembered her voice. 

"You don't know how much I've missed you," he whispered. Then he closed his eyes slowly like curtains over windows. 

Lightning flashed and he opened them again. She was gone. *She was never there.* Tenchi realized. His face saddened. *She
never will be. She's gone.* He thought. With that he slowly crawled back into his bed. 

* * * * * 

Misato slowly slid out from behind the tree from which she was hiding. *Who is that guy?* she thought as she watched him go
back into his room. She leaned her head against the tree and answered herself softly, "My Tenchi." 
---------------
End of Chapter One 
