The characters of the Tenchi Muyo universe are the creation and possession of AIC and Pioneer
-------------------------
Echoes In The Mist
Camille Christansen
echoesinthemist@angelfire.com
-------------------------

~~ Chapter 15 ~~ 

Ryoko crouched down in the tall grass of the fields. She couldn't hear or see anything to indicate that she had to be careful. Yet,
she lay low, creeping slowly towards the tree. In a snap, she teleported up to the branch of the tree. The thing was, what she saw
or heard didn't matter. It was about instinct and how she felt. She could feel something just grinding at her neck telling her to be on
guard. 

Then, someone dropped on a branch behind her. Ryoko stood up slowly and snapped her fingers frustratingly. *Damn I almost got
away!* 

"What are you doing here?" Ryoko demanded jumping down to the ground. She turned her head and looked over her shoulder. 

Above her, Desumitsu was snickering in the trees. "Here to finish the job. You know, I should have killed you along with him. You
just couldn't let go could you? Just had to attack me again and again." 

"You striked me first with his death. You killed him, you merciless damned pathetic excuse for a space pira...," Ryoko argued. 

Desumistu laughed and jumped down beside her. "Such a hypocrite. Weren't you the one who attacked..." 

"You started it first and you know it," Ryoko growled. Then, straightening herself up she continued, "And you sure are persistent. I
almost forgot about you... But like you said: we have a job to finish." 

Then, Desumitsu went up really close to Ryoko, just behind her, and whispered in her ear. She could feel his warm breath on her
neck. "It's ending right here. Time to let it go, Ryoko." 

Ryoko snarled, "I'll never let it go..." 

* * * * * 

"Never let it go... never let it go..." 

Ryoko's eyes flipped open and started to panic. She couldn't breathe anymore. Where in the world was she? What was
happening? Everything around her was so dark... so watery... so cold... she couldn't think anymore. 

Then the memory started to slip in. When Desumitsu's blow hit her, she passed out instantly. She took the hit the hardest since she
was nearest to Desumitsu. 

*I must have fallen off the ship after that,* Ryoko thought. *But what am doing now?* 

Ryoko tried to scream but she couldn't. There was water on her mouth. Water everywhere. And where was the surface? Up or
down? It was hard to tell. Ryoko groaned and teleported herself up above the water. 

Around her, the rest of the gang was popping up to the surface one by one. 

"Is everyone okay?" Tenchi asked. 

"I think so," Aeka answered. 

"So much for that mission," Kiyone muttered. 

"There goes my Ryo-ohki," Ryoko sighed as she looked up at the small silhouettes in the sky. Ryoko's smile faded. 

"What Ryoko?" Hakusana asked. 

"Nothing. It's just that, Griffin's silhouette, and well, I could have sworn I... nah. Couldn't be. Forget I said anything, Red." 

"Well, I could have sworn I heard someone scream right now, honestly," Hakusana shrugged. 

Tenchi instructed them, "I guess we're back to step one. Let's get back into the ship and decide our next move." 

Hakusana grinned, amused with Tenchi. She found the guy pathetic but it was cute how he tried to lead the others. He wasn't at all
like the other Juraians. Still, he was... pitiful. 

Hakusana jumped up to the deck of Keiji. Ryoko teleported up to the Keiji. Kiyone used her earring to teleport Aeka, Tenchi and
herself inside her ship. 

Visuals appeared from each ship. 

"Hey there, Ryoko, Red, Tenchi," Washu greeted. 

"Hey Washu," Tenchi replied. 

Hakusana reported, "I'm setting coordinates back to Tenchi's home. Or are we going somewhere else?" 

"No offense, but I don't think we should go back to Tenchi's home. We'll be watched from there," Kiyone said. Then everyone
started talking. 

"Do you think we should go to Jurai with Sasami?" Aeka suggested. 

"I have an idea! Why don't we get Ryo-ohki?" Ryoko asked brightly. 

"We'll have to get her sometime," Tenchi agreed. 

"The thing is, how, when and even where?" Kiyone asked. 

"So where are we going?" Hakusana demanded. 

"To Ryo-ohki," Ryoko said at the same time Aeka said, "To Sasami." The two glared at each other. 

"HOLD IT!" Washu yelled. Everyone shut up. "Where's Mihoshi?" 

Everyone looked at the other, realizing only now that she was missing. Hakusana growled, "I know where she went!" 

* * * * * 

Mihoshi sneezed. "Someone must be talking about me," she sniffed. "Wonder who it is!" 

"Yes, I wonder who," V agreed sarcastically as she stared at the blond ditz in disgust. It had to take effort to be that stupid. She
walked closely beside Mihoshi, producing a force field that surrounded the officer to keep her from doing any more harm. 

Rosco walked on the other side of Mihoshi. Thinking that she hadn't gotten any smarter since the last time they met. "We're
probably taking a load off from Ryoko," Rosco muttered. 

Griffin let out a sly grin. During the last 10 minutes, Mihoshi had managed to accomplish the following:
1. Pushed Rosco off the Souja II
2. Tore some design plans
3. Turned off all the electricity of the ship
4. Toppled V over who hit her head on the corner of a table
5. Smacked Griffin in the face
6. Tried to fix things but only destroyed the coordinates of the ship

There were other details he preferred to forget. V and Rosco were pretty much able to fix everything again. Griffin sighed, wishing
he had taken the other officer. He still couldn't understand why Desumitsu wanted a hostage and not Ryoko herself. 

"Wasn't it obvious Griffin?" V asked, reading his thoughts-literally. It was a very useful power she had. But she couldn't penatrate
through the thoughts of strong-minded people. Unfortunately for Griffin, he was a weak-minded guy. 

"Um... no?" Griffin answered. 

"What's obvious?" Rosco asked, relieved there was finally a conversation going on. The silence was killing him. 

"Okay, Griffin... where was Ryoko when Desumitsu wanted you to get her?" V went on. 

"You know, come to think of it, she wasn't around," Rosco answered for him. 

"Exactly," V answered triumphantly. "You can't get her when she's not around." 

"Then where did she go? Wasn't she the last person to fall off the ship?" Griffin asked. 

V nodded. "I bet that Washu person had something to do with it. From what I know and have heard about her, she was probably
able to make a hologram of some sort so we couldn't see Ryoko or something. I sensed it." 

"You were in Ryo-ohki! How do you know?" Griffin protested. 

"Don't worry, I know. It was a hologram for sure. Why she did it, I wouldn't know." 

"Hologram, or no hologram, Desumitsu would know if Ryoko was there." 

"Then if that isn't the case and if I know Desumitsu, he has some plan going on in the back of his head." 

"And what's the plan?" Griffin asked. 

"I'm not certain, but I think part of it deals with Ryoko coming to him. Desumitsu likes it that way, I suppose. Wonder what could
be in store for her." 

"I hate how he doesn't tell us his whole plan," Griffin grumbled. 

"Why would he want to make Ryoko come to him?" Rosco asked. 

"That I also don't know. But in the meantime, we'll have to stick with his orders and deal with Mihoshi," V shrugged. 

"Which brings me to another point," Griffin said. "Where is she?" 

V and Rosco slowly turned their heads to stare at Griffin. The three widened their eyes in horror when they realized Mihoshi had
gotten out of the force field when V was concentrating on something else. 

In a distance, an explosion was heard followed by a high voice, "So that's what that button does!" 

Griffin, V and Rosco looked at one another. Rosco took a deep breath and closed his eyes. Opening them, he bellowed, "Get that
officer!" 

* * * * * 

Washu threw her hands up in the air. For the past half hour, Sasami had been telling her things she didn't need to know. "Doesn't
that book tell anything on HOW to destroy him?" 

"Well," Sasami said without looking up at Washu. She flipped through the journal's pages. "The Dark Lord can give people power.
A lot of power, at that. The people love it so much, that they want more and more. The more they want the more they bond with
the Dark Lord and when they finally realize the power is bad, they can't go back anymore. They've pretty much crossed over and
lost their human side." 

Washu groaned. "You already told me tha... wait! Did you say, bond with the Dark Lord?" 

Sasami nodded. 

"And didn't you also read an entry where Shizuka merged with the Dark Lord?" 

"Yes." 

"Then, Shizuka is the Dark Lord. The Dark Lord is Shizuka. Or Desumitsu is the Dark Lord and the Dark Lord is Desumitsu." 

"I guess it's... I mean, it's something like that." 

"Then if we kill Desumitsu, we kill the Dark Lord?" 

"No. It's more complicated than that," Sasami said in a tone where you're trying to explain something but you can't seem to be able
to explain it right. 

Aeka hurriedly walked past Washu. Catching a glimpse of Sasami she turned back to look at them. "Sasami! Are you still in the
Mercury Tower?" 

"Yeah, sis." 

"Well, get out of there immediately! I have enough going on here. I don't want to worry about you too." 

"You don't have to worry... hi Tenchi! Hi Kiyone!" 

Kiyone and Tenchi walked intot he room and gave a small wave to Sasami. 

Kiyone continued, "Jeez, I don't know whether to be happy or sad! But still, here I am, about to save Mihoshi." 

"I know. So, what's the latest Washu? Where do we find Mihoshi?" Tenchi asked. 

"You're not seriously going in there without knowing anything about anything?" Washu said. 

"We've done it before," Tenchi answered sheepishly. 

"What?" Aeka yelled. "What about Ryoko? Shouldn't she know things about Desumitsu?" 

"And Hakusana should know about Rosco," Kiyone piped in. 

"But the most dangerous is the Dark Lord! I don't know anything about him yet. You guys should wait!" Sasami wailed "I don't
know what I'd do if any of you were hurt and I could have prevented it!" 

While all of the confusion was happening, two space pirates were doing some business of their own in a small corner in the Keiji. 

"Double or nothing?" Ryoko asked. 

"Definitely," Hakusana grinned as she picked up a card. "You first." 

Ryoko scanned her cards one last time and finally put them down on the table. "Royal Flush, I win," Ryoko declared with much
confidence. 

"Royal Flush, you loose," Haksuana replied, setting her cards down. 

"Do not!" Ryoko growled. "It's a tie! You probably cheated anyway." 

"Look who's talking!" Hakusana retorted. 

"Will you girls stop playing cards?" Tenchi asked, appearing on a screen. 

"What do you want us to do? Play sit down and rot?" Hakusana replied. "It's better than doing nothing. We're just waiting for the
command." 

"I just can't believe you guys aren't worrying about anything!" Aeka exclaimed. 

"Worry? Why should we be worried?" Ryoko answered. "It's not like we're hurt or anything." 

"Hello? Does Mihoshi ring a bell?" Kiyone asked. 

"Are you talking about the blond ditz that messes everything up?" Hakusana snickered. 

"It's not like it's so bad that she's gone," Ryoko shrugged. She took Hakusana's hand and teleported them into Magame. "At least
now we can at least get some work done." 

Tenchi turned around to face them as they walked up to the group. "Don't you care? You're a heartless woman, Haskusana." The
words were out before Tenchi could stop himself. Why he directed it at Hakusana, he didn't know. 

"Care?!" Haksuana raged. "Look pal, she may have you fooled but I'm actually surprised the thought of rescuing her actually
entered my head. It'd be much better to leave her." 

"Look I'm sorry I said that about you," Tenchi started. 

"You know, we'll actually be lucky if it actually pushes through without Mihoshi messing anything up," Ryoko interrupted. "Just a
thought." 

Tenchi stared at her in surprise. "Ryoko, she's a friend," he whispered, not sure if the words actually did came out. 

Ryoko caught them. "Friend? My ass! What has she done for me? I'm a space pirate Tenchi, not a galaxy police officer like
Mihoshi. It's two different fields. And pity isn't something I'm good at." 

"And by rescuing her," Hakusana added. "What good would it do? It's stupid to risk the whole group for a single ditz." 

"We're doing this whole mission for a single space pirate," Kiyone pointed out. 

"Better her than me," Ryoko retorted. "Besides, I'm not a ditz. There's a difference." 

"Yeah, instead of accidents, planets blow up," Haksuana grinned. "But it's not just for Ryoko. If we loose, there won't be anyone
to stop Desumitsu." 

"There are always more galaxy police officers. What about the Juraians?" Kiyone said. 

"Right. There's always more. Our lives don't really count," Ryoko replied sarcastically. 

"She's our responsibility. Mihoshi is very innocent and does not deserve to be kidnapped," Aeka said. "It isn't right for her, or
anyone, to be left in the hands of that barbaric Scorpion." 

Haksuana rolled her eyes. "She's an adult for goodness sake!" 

"Not by her IQ she's not," Ryoko smiled. 

Hakusana continued, "We have no responsibility for her. When was she ever loaded on me?" 

"She was loaded on me," Kiyone replied. "She's my partner." 

"She's a friend," Tenchi declared. 

"She's responsibility," Aeka added. 

"She's a ditz!" Ryoko declared. 

Tenchi couldn't believe Ryoko was acting like this. Ryoko had even gone with him to save Aeka. Did that mean Mihoshi was
worse for Ryoko? Or did Ryoko like saving enemies like Nagi? *It was for me... to make sure I lived,* Tenchi reminded himself.
Right now, it was the influence of this Hakusana Red person. He spoke up, "Ryoko, you know how much it hurts me to see you
not even care?" 

Ryoko was obviously taken back when she looked at the floor, guilt stricken. 

*It's working,* Tenchi thought. Still, a part of him felt bad for doing this to Ryoko. *It's for the better.* 

Haksuana though, could see was going on. *This Tenchi guy thinks he's some sort of prince charming!* she thought in disgust.
*And it's working for Ryoko. One word out of him and she's like a puppy dog!* 

"How can you not feel guilty?" Tenchi continued. 

Haksuana stepped in. This wasn't going to let this happen. "Guilty of what?" she demanded. "She hasn't done anything wrong...
well, not exactly. Nothing wrong for her to go running after Mihoshi at least." 

Tenchi ignored Hakusana. He had to get through to Ryoko. They couldn't just let Mihoshi go. "Ryoko, Desumitsu is after you.
Mihoshi was trying to help and because of you, she's probably going to die." 

"People die everday," Haskusana said. "Why would Mihoshi be any different to Ryoko?" 

"Because it's Ryoko's fault that an innocent is going to die," Tenchi answered, angrily. 

Hakusana was calm about it. "Big deal. Ryoko's killed lots of innocents before. And this one deserves it," she replied. 

Tenchi looked at Ryoko. "Yeah, I know for a fact about you killing innocents. It's murder, Ryoko. Murder." 

"It's life," Haksuana corrected. 

Tenchi sighed. What was with this Haksuana person anyway? At least Aeka, Sasami, Kiyone and Washu were with him. He
looked at them for help. "Don't you have anything to say?" 

No one moved. Kiyone murmured, "Well, it would be taking a load off of us." 

"What?" Tenchi cried. "Kiyone, she was your partner." 

Kiyone looked away. "Exactly. Was." 

"I have to agree that she messes things up all the time," Aeka said. 

"Sasami?" Tenchi asked, getting desperate. "What do you think?" 

"Wonder what's for lunch. I'm so hungry," Sasami muttered. 

Everyone stared at her. She looked up. " I meant, uh... I wanted to go to the bathroom! Yes, that's it. Um... be right back!" Sasami
grinned uneasily. She left the screen. After a few moments, she crossed the screen, and said to the gang, "Heheh... bathroom's
that-a-way. Gotta get to my ship." 

"Sasami, drop it! What do you think?" Tenchi repeated. 

"Well, stating a fact, I assure you that nothing bad has happened to Mihoshi yet. I can sense it." 

"Sasami!" Tenchi gasped. 

"Sorry Tenchi. I'm not siding with anyone. It's just a fact. She's not hurt," Sasami said. She murmured, "I never did like her." 

"What?" Everyone cried, in disbelief. 

Sasami looked up again. "Oh my! Did I just say that out loud?" 

"Sasami, follow your original plan and go to the bathroom please," Aeka requested, partly amused with her sister. 

One last try, Tenchi looked at Washu. Everyone's heads turned toward her too. 

Washu's eyes widened and her forehead creased. "Hey, don't ask me!" 

Tenchi grabbed her. "Washu! You gotta say something!" he yelled, shaking her furiously. 

"Okay! Okay!" Washu said, pulling away. "But you know, it's not really like she hasn't broken any of my equipment. She just, well,
you know, blew up a couple of dimensions I made." 

Tenchi wanted to scream. This wasn't happening. 

Washu continued, "It's whatever you decide but rescue or no rescue, you'll have to go to the Soujia II and eventually destroy
Scorpion. Ryoko, you are still going to get Ryo-ohki though, right?" 

Ryoko nodded quietly, still sad that Tenchi had gotten mad at her. 

"I think you are terrible friends if you don't even want to do something for a friend in need... that was an opinion," Sasami added
quickly. She looked at Tenchi and smiled reassuringly. 

"And just because Sasami says her opinion means we have to follow?" Hakusana demanded. "We are back to the friends question
again. Get it into your heads: Mihoshi is not a friend!" 

"She is to me," Tenchi spoke up. 

Hakusana ignored him. "She's not Kiyone's partner anymore. She's not her problem. Mihoshi was the one who wanted to tag
along. Anyway, it's every man for himself. And Aeka, you always talk about responsibility! When are you going to get out and
live? You're daddy's little girl aren't you?" 

"I'm not daddy's little girl," Aeka protested. 

"You know the understanding," Haksuana continued and looked at Ryoko. 

"The survival of the fittest," Ryoko nodded. 

"We are not pushing through with the rescue," Haksuana declared. "End of discussion. Let's get out of here, Ryoko." 

Ryoko nodded and they disappeared back into Keiji. 

Washu turned to Sasami to get back to their discussion. 

"So who died and made Red boss?" Sasami asked. 

"She doesn't take orders from anyone," Washu answered. 

"Why is Ryoko following her?" 

"Ryoko normally wouldn't take orders from anyone either. Right now, she's being a supportive friend. She and Red think the same
way. The only reason she will rescue Mihoshi is because she's being a supportive friend to Tenchi and the rest. But now that there
is someone who thinks the same as her, her opinion is pretty strong." 

"Supportive friend huh?" Sasami smiled. 

"She has her good points," Washu answered. "And you, how are you doing? How come you're so unsure of yourself, lately?" 

"It's nothing." 

"Yeah right. I feel it too, Sasami. You think she hasn't been bugging me?" 

"Oh, Washu, I'm so sorry! I guess I didn't think of you. Do you thinks she's part of this? How come she's becoming so...mean." 

"Careful Sasami, she might hear you. With Tokimi, you never know. But I think she's going through some phase herself." 

"I suppose." 

"Tell me something, I was wondering why you didn't exactly side with Tenchi." 

"You didn't side with him yourself." 

"But they have to learn for themselves. That's why I kept quiet. I just stated a facts... mostly, at least. So did you." 

"Tenchi has the right of way. But I never did like Mihoshi in the beginning, to tell you the truth. But she sort of grew on me and I
can't bear to think of her in the hands of Scorpion Saito." 

"Don't think about it Sasami. Imagination is your worst enemy when it comes to this. Do you think they'll rescue her eventually?" 

"Don't worry. No matter what they decide, it'll push through. You'll see." 

"I know." 

* * * * * 

"Okay, this time, if she ever gets away again!" Rosco threatened, not finishing the sentence. He pushed the door to the control
room open. 

"No mistakes anymore," Griffin nodded. 

"This is impossible! We are professionals!" V seethed. "What's happening Akari?" 

Akari looked up at her skeptically from her desk. "Um, do you want to good new or the bad news first?" 

V groaned. "Oh all right, good news." 

"Good news is that I fixed computer E-14 -the one Mihoshi broke- and the bad news is that computer partakes in transmitting
files, accessing files, that sort of thing. The thing is, it sent a file." 

Griffin eyed Akari uncertainly. "And what's that, I'm afraid to ask?" 

"It wasn't able to send the whole file -I stopped it in time- but it did send our location to the Galaxy Police Headquarters." 

"What?" the three yelled. 

"So let's get out of here!" Griffin bellowed, diving for the control panel. 

Akari shook her head. "Apparently, Griffin, it isn't that easy anymore. No matter where we go, the GPH will be able to track the
letter to this ship. From there -though I believe it will take time- they can track our location. But it would be advisable to get out of
here. You do that Griffin." 

"And we can't do anything? else" V asked. 

"Well, they can't track our exact location... unless we communicate." 

Rosco narrowed his eyes. Angrily, he stomped out of the room and slammed the door behind him. All that work to get to Ryoko
might be for nothing. "I wonder how we're going to tell Desumitsu about this," he muttered. 

* * * * * 

"This reeks!" Hakusana screamed. "I don't want to save that stupid ditz!" 

"Guess we are pushing through after all," Ryoko smiled and shook her head. "I knew we were. Can't escape destiny." 

"I don't believe in destiny," Haskusana answered, closing the letter sent to her from the Galaxy Police commander. She connected
to Magame's computer. 

"Haksuana?" Kiyone's voice could barely be heard before they could even see each other on the screeen. 

"Did you get it?" Haksuana asked when the picture cleared. 

"Obviously," Kiyone muttered. "I knew this was coming." 

"Well, we had to go to the Soujia II anyway for Ryo-ohki," Ryoko shrugged. "What if we just kill Desumitsu, save Ryo-ohki and
leave Mihoshi there." 

Kiyone shook her head. "No point in leaving her. Besides, the commander will find out and we'll just have to go back for her
anyway." 

"Yeah, he even sent a 'greetings to Mihoshi. I congratulate you three for working together,' part," Haksuana pointed out. 

"Wonder how the commander got the information on Desumitsu's location and stuff," Ryoko said as the two officers set their ships
coordinates to the location of the Soujia II. 

"You know what I don't like?" Kiyone asked changing the subject. 

"Aeka?" Ryoko mocked. 

"No..." Kiyone started. 

Hakusana interrupted her, though. "That could be one. I'm not daddy's little girl!" she imitated and laughed. 

"She just can't grow up, can she?" Ryoko snickered. "She's just gotta be the princess. Jeez, I may be a space pirate but at least I
HAVE a life." 

"Aw, that's going to far," Kiyone protested, but she couldn't help but smile. 

"Why is she on this mission anyway? Like she really helps. She only slows us down. Jeez, Griffin should have kidnapped her
instead of Mihoshi. It would be so much easier!" Hakusana declared. 

"And it's so obvious that Tenchi hates her. He's just too nice to do anything about it," Ryoko sighed. "You know, sooner or later,
we're probably going to be risking our lives for her." 

"Our lives gone to waste," Kiyone grinned, but meant it sarcastically. 

"I remember the first time I saw her," Hakusana giggled. "Talk about your everyday slut." 

"Slut? I can barely tell her face from her rear! But try vanity! I swear, her ego gets so bloated!" Ryoko cried. "My skin is so
delicate! Cream white. The color of milk!" Ryoko mimicked. 

Hakusana laughed, "Yeah, and the Milkyway is made out of milk." 

"Ok, as much as I don't want to agree, but vanity to the max!" Kiyone exclaimed and started to laugh herself. She knew it was
mean, but Ryoko and Hakusana made it sound so funny. She couldn't help it. And at the door, she didn't notice Aeka standing,
watching everything.
-------------------------
End of chapter 15