The characters of the Tenchi Muyo universe is the creation and possession of AIC and Pioneer
--------------------
Echoes In The Mist
Camille Christansen
echoesinthemist@angelfire.com
--------------------

~~ Chapter 10 ~~ 

You're just too good to be true 
Can't take my eyes off of you 
You'll be like heaven to touch 
I want to hold you so much 
At last love has arrived 
And I thank God I'm alive 
You're just too good to be true 
Can't take my eyes off of you 
But in the way that I stare 
There's nothing else to prepare 
The sight of you leaves me weak 
There are no words that to speak 
But if you feel that I feel 
Please let me know that it's real 
You're just too good to be true 
Can't take my eyes of of you 
I need you baby 
If it's quite all right 
I need you baby 
To warm the lonely nights 
I love you baby 
Trust in me when I say okay 
Oh pretty baby 
Don't let me down I pray 
Oh pretty baby 
Now that I that I found you stay 
And let me love you baby 

Tenchi woke up and saw himself hovering a few miles up in the air. Immediately, he started to panic, but when he realized he
wasn't going anywhere he calmed down. *Dreaming again,* he thought. Dreams those days seemed so real. 

"Isn't it a beautiful scene, my Tenchi?" he heard Ryoko whisper in his ear. 

He gulped and nodded though she was no where in sight. Looking around, he noticed the mountains were beautiful. At first, it
seemed like the green would never stop. As he stared further, it became a wilderness of trees filled with summer gold. A huge field
of flowers flashed violet blue and flaming scarlet. The moon light scattered everywhere making a glowing effect over the darkness
and silhouettes of plants and mountains. 

"Yes," he whispered back. "It is." 

"I missed you so much Tenchi," Ryoko whispered and appeared behind him. Her arms were wrapped around his waist, carrying
him. 

Tenchi flinched. This was really awkward. He couldn't believe that he was dreaming about Ryoko once again. "I missed you too. I
definitely missed you," he said, still staring at the view. 

Tenchi turned around to face her. He put his hand on her cheek. She was so real. so beautiful. Was he just playing a fantasy?
Was this the kind of fantasy he wanted? A wave of guilt swept through him as he thought about Aeka. He pulled back. 

Ryoko looked hurt just for a second then she looked at him lovingly again. "Are you afraid of me Tenchi? I won't bite." 

"No, I'm not afraid," Tenchi answered briskly. 

Ryoko slid her arms around his neck. "How about now?" 

"No." 

Ryoko put her head down on his shoulder. "And now?" she taunted. 

"No." 

"Then you are the first." 

Tenchi gulped again. Everything seemed so real. How could he be dreaming about this when he was going to be with Aeka the rest
of the time. Was he clinging on to the last time he'd have pleasure? Wait a minute, did that mean Ryoko was pleasure to him and
Aeka was not? 

"Rosco is back," Tenchi finally sputtered, not knowing what else to say. 

"What does it matter?" Ryoko said. "I'm back too." 

Silence. This gave time for Tenchi to think some more. It felt great to have Ryoko back and in his arms too, safe. Still, nothing had
been explained. He didn't know if Ryoko really was back or if it was just his imagination. Why did she come back only now?
These were the questions he had been pondering about for the whole day with Aeka. Aeka. he felt guilty all of a sudden. Who
did he really want? Did he really want one of them? 

"I'm confused," Tenchi interrupted suddenly, pulling away. 

One thing he knew for sure was that he had taken Ryoko for granted over the years. He never noticed it until the day she was
gone. It made him realize that he might have taken Aeka, Sasami, his dad and grandfather for granted. Ryoko's death brought him
closer to people. 

Then again, it seemed like Ryoko didn't die after all. He was there in her arms right now, wasn't he? Perhaps it was a dream, once
again. 

Ryoko stifled a laugh. She pulled him back, even closer this time. "Me too. You don't know what I have been through." 

"And do you know what I have been through, Ryoko?" Tenchi asked a little harshly. "Where have you been the past few years?" 

Ryoko paused. "Dead?" she suggested. 

"The impact of your loss hit me so hard. And the worse thing was, even if you were dead, you'll always been alive in me," Tenchi
maundered. "So I could feel it inside yet I couldn't do anything because you weren't there. You were dead Ryoko. You are dead." 

"I'll never die." Ryoko leaned forward to kiss Tenchi. 

Tenchi put his hand to his mouth. Ryoko pulled back in surprise. Tenchi shook his head and said, "You're a dream I want to come
true. I'm with Aeka now. I can't dream or think like this." The moment he said it, he felt crippled. It pained him to say it but it was
true. It also surprised him to actually have made a choice in his dream. "Can you understand that?" 

Ryoko studied his face a little. Then she said, "I'm no dream Tenchi." 

* * * * * 

Aeka had been lying awake turning from side to side for about an hour, when suddenly, something made her sit up in bed and turn
her head toward the door listening. 

There was a moaning sound inside the house. As she listened even more, she became more confident that she wasn't hearing
things. There really was a moaning. Her wondering mood made her bolder. She put her foot out of the bed and stood on the floor. 

There was a candle at her bedside. She took it up and went softly out of the room. The corridor looked much longer and darker
but Aeka didn't mind that. So she went on with her dim light and, almost feeling her way. 

Her heart was beating so loud when she reached Tenchi's room. Aeka leaned against the door to listen. He was probably still
asleep. Quietly, she opened the door. 

It came like a shock. He was gone from his bed. He was gone from his room. The window was closed. There was a small mess at
the front of the door. *There probably was a struggle!* Aeka thought. 

She hastily ran out of the room and down the stairs. The far-off faint moaning led her on. Sometimes it would stop and then start
again. 

Stopping at Washu's room, she tried to open it again. Locked. *I'm the only one left in the house!* she thought. 

The moaning had stopped. Aeka sat down at the living room. Holding her head to stop her headache, she blinked through the tears
forming in her eyes. She barely noticed the letter in front of her. 

Her eyes suddenly widened in fear when she read who it was addressed to in red capital letters. 

"Aeka," she read softly. Her hands were shaking as she opened it. Pulling the latter out she read silently, "Surprise." In a smaller
size at the bottom it read, "You're going to die." 

BAM! Something hit her head and Aeka blacked out. 

* * * * * 

"I'm no dream Tenchi," Ryoko said. 

Tenchi's eyes swept through her features. Her gold eyes. Her lips. She was beautiful. Then suddenly, she disappeared. He was
back in his room again. 

"Could it all have been a dream?" Tenchi wondered out loud. 

"No, this time it's for real," Ryoko's voice said. 

Tenchi turned around abruptly, facing the voice. It came from the mirror. He shakily stepped forward. Nothing. He touched his
face. 

At the same time a bright gold light shined through and Ryoko's reflection appeared. She smiled. Tenchi turned around to look
behind him. No one was there. He faced Ryoko's reflection again. She wave at him and disappeared, along with the gold light. 

This time, Tenchi didn't wonder if had all been a dream or not, if Ryoko was dead or not because this time, he knew. A huge smile
planted itself on his face. 

Ryoko was alive. 

* * * * * 

Aeka's eyelids fluttered open lazily. Her eyes adjusted to the dimness in the room. She was slumped against a chair. 

Rosco squatted down in front of her, checking if she was awake. Then he walked away, behind her. 

Aeka was too dazed to know what was happening. Without a warning, her whole body was lifted up into the air. Her eyes
widened in fear, waking up immediately. Almost instantly, Aeka's hands went to her throat. There was rope tied to it. Choking, she
tiptoed on the chair. 

Rosco circled her like a hawk and it's prey. "Old fashioned, but it will do," he said. "Where's Ryoko, Aeka? Tell me." 

"I don't know what you're talking about!" Aeka gasped. 

Aeka could barely speak. Her throat was killing her. "Asaka, Kamidake," she called. 

Rosco had completely forgotten about the guardians. He spun around to defend himself, looking for the two logs. No one. 

TSEEEEEWW!! 

A laser cut the rope like a hot knife slicing through butter. Aeka fell to the floor. She threw off the rope and gasped, holding her
neck. 

Rosco turned took look at Aeka. He saw her on the floor with her guardians behind her. He clapped. "Good one Aeka. But next
time, I'll make no mistakes. I'm going to be watching your every move." 

Aeka summoned her logs to hold him down but Rosco disappeared before it happened. She sat down on the chair and sighed, still
holding on to her neck. Rosco was right, he knew exactly where they were and could kill them anytime. But he wanted someone
else. 

BOOM! 

Aeka jumped up, in surprise. Without hesitation, she summoned her logs at once at the intruder. 

"Aeka!" Tenchi yelled, twisting in the grasp of the logs. "It's me Tenchi." 

Aeka sighed and sat back down. She called off her logs and Tenchi sat down beside her on the couch. "Oh it's you. I thought it
was someone else," Aeka breathed, taking Tenchi's hand. 

"I heard a noise down here. What happened?" 

"It's Rosco. He's watching us Tenchi. He knows our every move." 

"I don't think he can get to Washu though," Tenchi said. "I checked her door. It's locked. Do you think she knows.?" 

"I bet she does. She didn't tell us everything she knew or what we needed to know. Should we go back down there?" 

"Aeka, maybe I should tell you this but um.I think Ryoko's alive." 

Aeka squeezed Tenchi's hand. "I think so too." 

* * * * * 

Ryoko materialized in front of the Washu, Kiyone and Hakusana again. Mihoshi was still sleeping in her glass case. 

"Where have you been?" Hakusana asked. 

"He knows," Ryoko said, ignoring Hakusana's question completely. Her eyes were sparkling. She strode over to the table and sat
down with them. 

Kiyone laughed. "What did you do to him, Ryoko?" 

"Who's him?" Hakusana asked. 

"Tenchi, of course," Washu answered. 

"Yeah, so, how do we destroy this cloud thing?" Ryoko asked. "What have your brilliant minds been brainstorming while I was
gone?" 

"The best way to destroy your enemy is to know them," Kiyone said and looked at Ryoko as if she wanted her to say something. 

"And so?" Ryoko asked, hesitantly. 

"Come on Ryoko. We all know everything you don't remember is trapped in the wall. This wasn't in it," Hakusana pointed out out.
"Spill it. What was that cloud?" 

"Hey, do you remember everything you know even if you don't have amnesia?" Ryoko asked, defensively. 

"Actually I do," Washu spoke up. 

Ryoko threw her hands up in the air and shook her head. 

"I saw your eyes Ryoko," Kiyone said. "You knew what it was when we entered. It might not be a good thing but you have to tell
us." 

"I'm not sure what it was," Ryoko replied. She was careful not to think about the dark cloud so Washu would not sense it through
their link. 

Ryoko had learned that Washu could only detect what she was thinking and not everything she knew like before. This was
because their link was really weak now. Of course, even before, Washu couldn't look into her darkest secrets. Still... it might be
better if she told them. 

Washu did know that she didn't want to tell them. She sighed. "Look Ryoko. Are you willing to kill yourself and friends just
because you don't want to tell us what the cloud was?" 

"I can't tell you," Ryoko said meekly. 

"Can't or won't?" Washu asked. 

"Can't. It's not part of my memory. Someone put in there. Look, can't we just find a way to get past it?" 

"Wait a minute! Wait a minute!" Kiyone said. "What do you mean someone put it there? Who someone and since when? What
does this cloud do, Ryoko?" 

"Someone dark and evil," Ryoko answered, struggling to keep up with the questions. "About 5,000 years ago. The cloud is a
memory, sort of. But not mine. It's like someone else's memory is with me but I don't know what it is, exactly." 

"Okay, so it's dark and evil. We gotta destroy it with light and good," Hakusana said. "Great, does this sound like a fairy tale or
what?" 

"It's only logical," Kiyone said. 

"Are you stupid? That's not logical at all!" Hakusana argued. "We're going to take a lamp light and throw it at the cloud while
whispering love and good will always prevail?" 

"I have to admit," Ryoko snickered, "I think she's right." 

"She is right," Washu confirmed. "That is not how we're going to destroy this cloud thing." 

"So what do you suggest we do?" Kiyone asked. 
--------------------
End of Chapter 10 