

					        Five



 "Now, who are you, my dear Sento." Washu asks herself as she types into her 
computer. She yawns a bit and stretches, her echo coming back from the walls of 
her lab. After rubbing her eye, she continues to type on the panel. "Why can't 
my computers scan you?" she asks the silence once again. She gets a bit 
frustrated and rests her head on the palm of her hand, "This is getting on my 
nerves. The most advanced equipment in the universe and I can't even find out 
who this guy is." she grumbles and types with one hand.

 The data on her screen compiles and a soft voice comes from her computer, 
"Race.....unknown. DNA analysis....inconclusive. History.....unknown. 
Age....approximately five thousand years old." 

 Washu sighs loudly and yawns again, "Great, at least you can tell me how old he 
is. Now if you could just tell me who he is, we'd be in business." she says and 
starts typing with both hands again. "Hmmmmm, let me see. Why don't I try a 
basic nomenclature scan." she says and types quickly. The screen flickers and 
Washu leans back looking at the data intently, "Okay, metaphysical being with 
transdimensional capabilities, seemingly infinite linear existence, advanced 
matter-energy manipulation ability...source unknown, and a possible duel form." 
she says and taps her fingers on the panel lightly. Suddenly, her hand rests 
lightly on the panel and she stares at the data with an odd look on her face, 
"Wait, why does all this sound so familiar?" she asks and starts typing on the 
panel. "Let's see, if I go back five thousand years....then I can cross examine 
all creatures that fit this description. There can't be that many." she says and 
starts typing extremely fast. She finishes and glares at the screen, waiting for 
the new data to start compiling. As the new data starts to run down the screen, 
Washu's eyes widen at some of it. "No....it...can't be. That would be 
impossible." she says quietly.

 "Find something interesting?" a voice calls from nowhere. Washu whips her head 
around to find Sento leaning against a piece of her equipment. 

 "Sento? How did you get in here without me knowing?" she demands.

 "How indeed, your lab is quite well guarded. Had to split dimensions to enter 
unnoticed by your sensors." he says.

 "Well, very clever. I may have to adjust those." Washu says with a smirk. She 
gingerly types something into the panel with her hand and a field appears around 
Sento. "There now, that'll teach you not to barge into people's labs. Plus now 
maybe I can scan you." she says and turns back to her panel. Sento raises an 
eyebrow and looks at her intently. He calmly walks right through the field and 
stands in front of it. Washu blinks for a moment and turns back around. Seeing 
what he had done, her jaw drops and she stares at him. 

 "Very cute. I would not be as old as I am if I could not escape such pathetic 
traps." he says flatly and walks towards her. She just watches him, still 
shocked that he just walked through her field. Sento stops a bit away from her 
and glares at the screen, "Been busy, haven't you. I told you to not go digging 
in things you may not like." he says and looks back to her.

 She blinks and looks at the screen, "What? What wouldn't....I..." she says but 
trails off. She looks back at Sento and her eyes widen. "But this data claims 
you are....are.." she says and covers her mouth. "Jaaku."

 Sento uncrosses his arms and stands straight. A small smile forms in the corner 
of his mouth, shifting his mask and an odd glow fills his eyes. Washu watches in 
shock as Sento's hair starts to raise off his head. It stands forward and starts 
to resemble her own hair's appearance. As his hair spikes up, Butso-Ken-bo 
starts to change also. The hilt becomes more jagged and the place where it is 
held glows the same color as the blade does. Sento's ears grow slightly pointer 
and the mask that covered his face now falls to the ground. Through the stray 
strands of green hair, a very handsome face stares at her. His orange eyes now 
fully accent his pleasant face as a small smile crosses it. Washu leans back in 
her chair just staring at him speechlessly.

 He takes a deep breath and smirks, "Hello, Mother. It's been far too long." he 
says coldly.



 "Oh, hello Kiyone. How are you doing this morning?" Tenchi asks Kiyone as she 
walks into the kitchen. 

 Kiyone yawns loudly and rubs her neck, "Oh, fine thanks. Space travel can 
really take it out of a girl, ya know." she says and yawns again. Tenchi smiles 
and goes back to unloading some fresh carrots into a basket on the table.

 Kiyone leans against the table and sets her elbows to her sides on it, "So 
Tenchi, you are Jurai, aren't you?" she asks.
 
 Tenchi blinks and looks at her, "Uhm, my grandfather was. I don't think I have 
much Jurai in me." he responds and rubs his head.

 "Well, you gotta have some inside stuff on the Sento guy, right? The Jurai 
usually tell us when they have special operatives out. Come on, I won't tell 
anybody that you told me." she says and grins secretively. 

 "Uhm, really I don't know. Ask Ayeka, she would know better than me." he says.

 "All right, don't help me out. I guess I'll have to have Princess Ayeka help 
me." she says and stands normal. "See ya around, Tenchi." she says and raises 
her hands above her head to stretch.

 He nods, "All right Kiyo......eyah!" he yells and turns away from her with a 
beet red face. As she stretches, her shirt is pulled up revealing she is only 
wearing small, revealing shorts under them.

 She blinks and lowers her hands back down, "Huh? What it is, Tenchi?" she asks.

 "Oh, it's nothing, Kiyone." he says and keeps looking the other way. She rubs 
her head looking at him, then shrugs and walks out. "Why me? There are too many 
girls in this house." he says and gets back to work.



 "Why, you look surprised. Aren't you glad to see your one of your first 
creations? Or perhaps disappointed that you couldn't destroy me like you had 
planned." Jaaku says and narrows his eyes. Washu is still speechless, she only 
stares at him. "Really Mother, you look so very shocked. Aren't you going to say 
anything?" Jaaku says and crosses his arms. 

 "Jaaku." Washu squeaks out.

 Jaaku smirks lightly and looks around her lab, "If that is all you have to say 
after five thousand years, I will be disappointed." he says. She still just 
stares at him, "You still are skeptic? Very well, you designed me to be able to 
reflect all scanning equipment unless I chose to be scanned. So now run your 
scan and then tell me if you believe me." he says and stops walking. She blinks 
and looks at her screen as new data runs down.

 She stares at the data blankly and reads it quietly, "Designation...Jaaku. 
Race.....demon creation number one. Creator...Professor Washu. DNA and MASS 
hybrid. Creation date...Academy Year....." she starts to read but trails off.

 "Satisfied.......Mutti?" Jaaku says, his orange eyes locked on her.

 "Mutti.....only Jaaku called me that." she gasped and stared at screen. "You 
are who I keep connecting telepathically to every once and awhile. Why couldn't 
I keep the connection?" she asks, turning back to him and lowering her hand away 
from her mouth.

 "Oh that is simple, you had no connection with Sento. I only revert to my true 
form when it is needed." he says and turns his head to look around her lab.

 She closes her eyes and speaks quietly, "No, you can't be Jaaku. This is 
impossible." He tilts his head a bit and slowly raises his hand up. He removes 
the glove from his hand to reveal an elliptical blue orb embedded in his palm 
that resembles the orbs in his hilt. She opens her eyes to the glimmer of the 
orb and covers her mouth with her hand, "It...is you. Oh my Jaaku, it really is 
you. I...can't believe it." she says quietly. 

 He lowers his hand back down and replaces the glove, "Yes, it really is me. I 
knew only when you saw the orbs would you believe me." he says and looks away 
from her.

 "How long have you been active? Since the explosion?" she asks.

 He looks back to her coldly and nods, "Almost, I did float in space for four 
months in stasis. Then I was found by Dargon."

 "Dargon? He found you?" she inquires loudly.

 Jaaku growls and turns his head away, "Yes, he did. And for three thousand 
years he used me to do his dirty work. Using these clasps, he could control me." 
he says and raises his hands up, showing the clasps around his wrists.

 She gets somewhat angry, "What did he make you do?" she asks.

 He takes a breath and lowers his hands back down, "Go into the Galaxy Police 
database under search query 'Jaaku'." he says flatly.

 Washu blinks but does what he says, a red screen flashes as her computer's 
voice speaks, "Warning, level nine access required. Class X criminal information 
restricted to Marshall Kagami only." it says.

 Washu is shocked and looks at him, "Class X? You mean you are in the Special 
Operations creation file?" she asks.

 "Look in the file, you will see all you need to know."

 Washu turns back to her screen and begins to type, "It will take me a moment to 
get through this security."

 "Password is ShiboNoAkuma. Access code is five-eight-seven-alpha-bravo-nine-
two. I am sure you can get past the DNA scan." he says quietly. Washu looks at 
him, then back to her computer. She types in all the data and then bypasses 
other security.

 The computer's voice speaks again, "Access granted. Good day Marshall Kagami." 
New data starts to runs down the screen and Washu's eyes dim at it.

 "Now, you tell me what he made me do." Jaaku says coldly.

 Washu's voice is flat and cold, "Criminal offender number 16. Class X with 
infinite warrant. Special Ops creation offender. Wanted for the destruction of 
seventeen galaxies, four thousand Galaxy Police vehicles and the murder 
of...of..." Washu trails off and looks at Jaaku.

 "The murder of ten thousand Galaxy Police operatives over a period of three 
thousand years. Not to mention all the things they didn't put in the file." 
Jaaku says coldly.

 "No, you couldn't have. I didn't create you to kill." Washu gasps.

 "No, but you created me with the capability. Under Dargon's control I killed 
without remorse. I even recall destroying a planet only because Dargon said the 
people there were too ugly to live. So many people have lost their lives because 
of me. That is why I have come here, to stop Dargon." 

 "It is you, you are the reason that Kiyone woman is here. She was tracking you, 
not Dargon." Washu says and her chair floats down from the computer console.

 "Yes, it seems the GP will not learn and they will force more of their 
operatives to die in vain. This Kiyone cannot know I am here or I will kill 
her." Jaaku says.

 "Jaaku, I don't want you speaking like that. I am your mother and I say you 
can't kill anybody else." Washu says as her chair floats above the floor of the 
lab. 

 "My mother you may be, but for the last five thousand years I have been on my 
own. You think you can come around now and make me reform? Think again, I will 
do what is necessary to survive." Jaaku says. Washu closes her eyes, hurt at his 
blunt words. He growls and narrows his eyes at her, "For five thousand years I 
have hated you for creating me. Every time I saw a planet I destroyed, I thought 
of you. With every person I killed I blamed you. It is you who should be on that 
screen, not me. I have spent my whole life hating you and I do not intend to 
stop now. If I hadn't expected you to find out that Sento was only a mask, I 
would have not even exposed myself to you." he says with an apathetic voice. She 
opens her eyes and they are actually watering. She pleads with him with her eyes 
but he only becomes more angry. "You are pathetic, Mother. I was a fool to show 
myself to you. Those are probably not even real tears you cry." he says and 
uncrosses his arms.

 She stands up from her chair and walks over to him. She grabs his arms and 
looks up into his eyes, "How dare you say that. What mother wouldn't cry for her 
child? I don't care if you hate me, you are my son and I care for you." she says 
passionately.

 He looks at her for a moment, then tears his arm away and steps back, "For a 
moment....I could almost believe you." he says coldly and turns around. "Don't 
tell anybody about me, if you don't want the consequences to fall upon you. I 
would hate to have to kill anymore GP officers.....or anybody else." he says and 
raises his hand up. A swirling vortex opens in front of him and steps into it.

 "Jaaku! Wait!" Washu pleads but it seals behind him and leaves her alone. She 
drops to her knees and stares blankly where he disappeared. "Jaaku....." she 
whispers and sits there in her lab.
