The characters of the Tenchi Muyo universe are the creation and possession of AIC and Pioneer
--------------------
Echoes In The Mist
Camille Christansen
echoesinthemist@angelfire.com
--------------------

~~ Chapter 11 ~~ 

 Kiyone stepped back on the platform and sat down. Ryoko followed her. Kiyone noticed that she went back to cyan spiky hair
style. Hakusana sat down last. She had rolled up her sleeves to her elbows. Washu handed a controller to each of them. 

 "Okay Washu, let's do it," Kiyone said to Washu as she placed the controller beside her ear. 

 "Right," Washu said. 

 "Accessing profile for Hakusana Liang," the computer said. Like last time, a small beam of light from the small black round device
on Hakusana's ear covered Hakusana's eyes like sunglasses. Her chair tilted down so Hakusana was in a lying-down position. 

 "Accessing profile for Ryoko Hakubi," the computer said. The same thing happened to Ryoko. 

 Kiyone turned to look at Hakusana. She barely noticed the small tattoo mark on her shoulder since Hakusana's sleeves were
covering 95% of the tattoo. Kiyone nearly sat up but her seat belt strapped her down. She was about to take a closer look at the
tatto but the mall light beam from the controller flashed out. 

"Accessing profile for Kiyone Makibi," the computer said. The huge dome of light from the edges of the circular platform covered
them. The computer started to countdown. "Entering in 5...4...3...2.1." 

*     *     *     *     * 

 Ryoko, Kiyone and Hakusana whirled around the long tunnel. They screamed, unused to the traveling from reality to virtual reality
but their screams were drowned in the computer's countdown. All of a sudden, the tunnel disappeared. The three dropped on to
some hover boards and they went flying to the cloud. 

 "Washu, location?" Hakusna inquired. 

 "At the moment, you are headed directly toward the cloud. This place represents Syton's Pass in planet Orythia." Washu
answered. 

 "Yeah, I remember blowing up that damn Orythia headquarters," Ryoko smirked. 

 Kiyone gave her a disapproving look. The suddenly, she yelled, "Missal at 5 o'clock!" She took a hard swerve to the right.
Ryoko raced downwards and Hakusana flew the left. The missal zoomed through them, as expected, splitting the group up. 

 Ryoko laughed nervously. "That's funny, I was thinking about that missal. It destroyed Ryo-ohki you know." 

 Right after she said it, a huge explosion blew up in front of them. Kiyone, Hakusana and Ryoko got together again, watching the
light. 

 "Ryoko, you're willing for those things to happen. That's why they come. You have to focus on thinking about it instead of wishing
it would actually come," Kiyone said. 

 Hakusana nodded in agreement. "Yeah, and to think that could have been us." 

 They flew on. Ryoko learned fast. Sometimes she would play with the scenery, changing it from one place to another, until Washu
told her to stop. Washu explained that by doing that, Ryoko might accidentally shift the cloud too. 

 A few minutes later they reached it the cloud without anymore trouble. The three slowed down to a stop, about 50 meters away
from it. From that distance, they could still hear it thundering angrily. 

 They all stepped down from their hover boards and the boards disappeared. New equipment materialized beside them. A triangle
mark emerged from the ground with three darker triangle marks at each corner. There were three small sized metal pyramids that
appeared. 

 "Ryoko, do you think we're doing the right thing?" Hakusana asked as she placed one of the miniature pyramids in it's place at
the triangle laser. It fit perfectly at the corner. 

 "Absolutely," Ryoko dropped the pyramid she was carrying in it's place. 

 Kiyone jogged over to them. "Well, I'm ready over here," she announced. 

 "We're ready here too," Ryoko called to Washu, glancing at Hakusana to double-check if she was ready. Hakusana nodded,
urging Ryoko to continue. 

 Washu switched screens to check everything. Then she pressed the flashing red enter button on her key board and spoke in the
mike, "It has begun." 

*     *     *     *     * 

 The moment Washu pressed the button, the first pyramid started to glow. A streak of white light flew into the second pyramid and
into the third. Now, there was a bright triangle outline, with glowing pyramids 
  
 Ryoko, Kiyone and Hakusana stepped into the middle of the triangle. The second they were in, a huge light burst from the bottom
of the base headed straight up. 

 "1,000 volts!" Washu reported the progression chart of the energy that was shown on her computer. 

 "Only?" Ryoko gasped. Even if 1,000 volts was high, it wasn't high enough. They needed 100,000 volts to be sure they made it
through the cloud it total safety. 50,000 would do but there was less chance and more pain. 

 "3,000!" 

 "That's only 3%!" Hakusana muttered. 

 "9,000!" 

 "Be patient," Kiyone said. "It's only starting to progress faster." 

 "15,000!" 

 "It rises by 6,000?" Hakusana wondered out loud. 

 "21,000!" 

 "I think so!" Kiyone answered. 

 "27,000!" 

 "73% left!" Ryoko said. 

 "Oh damn!" Washu cursed. "32,000 volts!" 

 "Is it just me, or did the energy building process getting slower?!" Ryoko asked loudly. It was hard to be heard in the triangle. It
felt like a hurricane trying to blow you away but you had to stick on your feet. 

 "36,000 volts!" 

 "It's getting slower by a lot," Hakusana agreed. 

 "39,000! This is not good! 41,000.! 42,000!" 

 Nothing. No more sounds after that except the roaring of energy rushing past the three in the triangle. "Washu! What's
happening?!" Kiyone asked. 

 "It stopped," Washu said. "I'll try shutting down the rest of my lab and use that energy. Hold on a second." 

 All three waited, sweating from the heat being created. They probably would have burned if it wasn't for the extra shield produced
by their suits. 

 "I'm back!" Washu yelled after a minute. "Okay, boosters activated!" 

 There was a huge whirring sound. The three were practically lifted off their feet as the energy increased. The light got even brighter
that Ryoko, Hakusana and Kiyone couldn't even see anything anymore except for white. 

 "Am I the only blind one in here?" Hakusana asked. 

 "I can't see you too!" Ryoko said. 

 "Washu, how many volts?!" Kiyone questioned. 

 "62,000 and it's slowing down rapidly!" Washu answered. 

 "How much now?!" Hakusana asked. 

 "64,000 and it stopped." 

 "What are we gonna do Washu?" Ryoko asked. 

 "64,000 volts will have to do," Washu said. "Okay, we're zooming in at.5.4.3.2.1.!  You're on your own! Good
luck!" 

 The three felt themselves being lifted off the ground. A tingling feeling rushed through their bodies. They were flying a little faster
than the speed of light. If you could pull back from the scene and look at them, it would look like a shooting star. 

They all screamed, heading into the cloud, face first. The scenery darkened and they entered the cloud. They were racing pain and
darkness. Lightning crashed at their feet as they zipped through the cloud. 

Suddenly, there was this sort of hand reaching out for them. It was like it as pulling them back, not letting them get through. All
three of them could feel their speed slowing down, even though they were traveling at speed faster than light. 

If they stopped, right there, in the middle of the cloud, they would be stuck there forever. They would probably die in virtual reality,
as Washu had said. What was worse, they could loose themselves in the cloud, forever in pain. 

No one would be able to help them. Not even Washu. She had explained it to them earlier. The deeper they were in the cloud, the
less she could help. Washu had already lost all means of communication with them, at this point. She could only help the out when
they were out of the cloud. 

 "We're not going to make it!" Ryoko screamed. 

 "We have too!" Kiyone's voice choked in her pain. 

 Hakusana glanced at her partners. Even through the blinding light, she could see them twisiting in pain like before. She was hurting
also. 

*No way any of us are going to get stuck in this cloud,* she thought angrily. 

 Everyone has their own specialties. And everyone has their own ultimate weapons. Hakusana closed her eyes slowly and worked
on her ultimate power. 

*     *     *     *     * 

 Washu sat on her seat silently with her computer in front of her. Her hands were clasped together on her mouth. She was praying. 

 She had lost all visual and audio contact from the three. She couldn't talk to Ryoko through their link anymore. All she had was
how much energy they were using to get through the cloud. 

 It didn't look good. They were loosing energy by the minute. It was down to 42,000 volts. 

 Washu nervously glanced at Mihoshi. She had woken up and was running around the glass container throwing her hands in the air
wildly. Apparently, it looked like she was screaming. 

 Washu turned back to her computer and screamed. "Aaaah!" she yelled in surprise and fell out of her chair. She rubbed her head
and looked up at Tenchi and Aeka. They had their arms folded across their chests and angry looks painted on their faces. 

 "Miss Washu!" Aeka addressed a furious tone. 

 "Jeez, could you knock? How'd you get in here anyway, that door is locked." 

 "Sorry, Washu. I sliced it open with the Tenchiken," Tenchi apologized. 

 Washu glanced nervously at the three in the light dome. Their faces weren't clear because of the light over them and Aeka and
Tenchi didn't seem to notice them anyway. Washu turned back to Aeka and Tenchi and smiled. "What can I do for you?" 

 "We know very well that you're hiding something from us!" Aeka said. 

 Tenchi asked. "Why do lock your door anyway? You knew Rosco was back You didn't even warn us about him and just hid in
safety yourself! Do you know he's been stalking Aeka?" 

 Washu smiled, obviously amused. "Really? How interesting. Wonder what he wants. Wasn't he after Ryoko the first time? Him
and Desumitsu? I already told you before about them, on your visit the first time today." 

 "I know you know a lot more than that Washu. You have too!" Aeka cried. 

 "And what if I don't?" Washu asked. 

 "Look Washu," Tenchi began, "me and Aeka keep seeing um, visions of Ryoko. We kind of think she's alive. Do you have
anything like that? You are her mother, after all and have the link." 

 "I have not had any visions of Ryoko today, yesterday and for weeks before," Washu answered. It was true. She never had
visions. She had seen Ryoko in real life. Aeka and Tenchi probably did too. There were never visions. 

 "By the way Washu, why is it so dark in your lab?" Aeka asked. 

 "I am conducting an experiment and it requires a lot of energy," Washu answered truthfully. Which reminded her, what was
happening on the screen of her computer!? What if they had died already?! Washu kept calm. 

 "And why is Mihoshi in that glass container?" 

 "She would have annoyed me and destroyed my experiment," Washu answered truthfully again, "Like you two are doing now?" 

 Aeka and Tenchi looked at each other and stepped aside. They apologized at the same time, "Sorry Washu." 

 Washu acknowledged their apology forgivingly. When she faced the screen for the second time, she fell out of her chair again.
Washu rubbed her head and scrambled back on the chair typing furiously to make sure what she saw was real. *No! It couldn't
be.!* she thought. 

 Aeka and Tenchi ran over behind Washu, peering over her shoulder. The screen was practically blank except for a small line,
advancing rapidly and a caption that read, "720,000 volts." 

 "What does that mean, Washu?" Tenchi asked. 

 "It's good news!" Washu cried joyfully. "960,000 volts!" 

 "One million,"  Aeka read. 

 "I can't believe it! What could have happened?" Washu wondered out loud softly. She glanced back and forth at the screen and
to Aeka and Tenchi. 

 "What's happening?" Aeka asked. 

 "Sorry, but I have to show you two out," Washu said. She pulled down a lever and a trap door opened underneath Tenchi and
Aeka. 

 Aeka covered her eyes and screamed when she fell into the trap door. It was like a slide for the first two seconds. But nothing
happened. Slowly, took her hands away from her face. She was sitting right outside the door of Washu's lab right beside Tenchi.
The door was fixed again. 

 "I'm having one too many realistic dreams," Tenchi muttered. 

 "That wasn't a dream. None of these have been dreams," Aeka said and stood up. She held out her hand and helped Tenchi up.
Together they went outside to sit down and talk. 
  

*     *     *     *     * 

 The speed they were rushing was unbelievable. In less than a second, they were out of the cloud, without the slightest pain. 

 Hakusana was the only one in agony. Her power died down and she fell into a boneless heap on the floor. Her body was
steaming. 

 "We're alive," Ryoko said, in relief. Then she saw Hakusana and gasped. 

 Kiyone shook herself out of the shock. From slow to extremely fast, they had zipped through that cloud so easily. *What in the
world did Hakusana do?* Kiyone wondered. She blinked and looked around her. 

There were sparks of fire bursting from the ground. Red, orange and yellow painted the sky. A few miles away, behind some
volcanoes, you could spot the wall. 

 "Faunolger," Ryoko answered her puzzled face. "It's a fiery planet." 

"Oh I see," Kiyone said, taking a look around again. Then she called out into the open, "Are you there, Washu?" 

 No answer. 

 "Washu?" Kiyone repeated. 

 "I'm here. You guys made it! What happened?" Washu asked, sounding a little bit over exhilarated. It was weird because she
wasn't the one who actually experienced what Ryoko, Kiyone and Hakusana did. 

 "Hakusana summoned the phoenix," Ryoko explained. 

 "Oh that figures," Washu said. 

 "What?!" Kiyone demanded, in bewilderment. It was unbelievable. The phoenix was an remarkable bird but totally fiction. Kiyone
thought about the amazing power Hakusana had displayed, confirming the truth in Ryoko's words. At last, she just asked, "Where
did she possess a gift like that?" 

 "It's complicated," Ryoko answered. "Even I don't know the whole story." 

 "I can bring Hakusana back here to reality to rest. Kiyone, Ryoko, you have to break that wall yourselves. I won't be with you,
since I'll be attending to Hakusana. She looks burnt up pretty bad." 

 "No kidding," Ryoko nodded, forming her sword. 

 Kiyone materialized a gun and hopped on to a hover board, tailing Ryoko. They flew toward the wall, as Washu transported
Hakusana back to reality. 
--------------------
End of Chapter 11