The characters of the Tenchi Muyo universe are the creation and possession of AIC and Pioneer
---------------
Echoes In The Mist
Camille Christansen
echoesinthemist@angelfire.com
---------------

~~ Chapter 8 ~~ 

 "We'll what?!" Hakusana and Kiyone cried at the same time. They looked at each other and frowned. Then Kiyone turned back
to Washu. "I thought this was virtual virtual reality and not for real." 

Washu explained, "Well, you see, virtual reality is a computer-game basis thing which is in a machine that you wear as a helmet. In
the helmet, you'll see yourself in a whole `nother world in a body. Then you play the game. For example, car racing. But if you
crash, you don't break an arm in real life." 

"Okay, I'm following you." Kiyone said uneasily. 

"With my high genius, I have converted it so it works it the subconscious mind itself. Since the mind is the 'real thing' and not a
computer game, if you pinch yourself, you will feel pain." 

 "Oh I get it." Hakusana nodded. "But if we're sliced while we're in Ryoko's mind, do our bodies in real life fall in half too?" 

 "No. Only your brain will know the hurt you feel. So if you die, it's just your brain. Your body is still alive." 

 Kiyone started to nod her head too. Mihoshi was still wailing because she didn't understand. Kiyone sighed and said, "Look at it
this way Mihoshi. I have body A, body B and a brain. My brain is only feeling what body B can feel." 

"And if body B dies, the brain dies too. Body A will still be breathing but our brains will be out completely. So it'll be like a coma,"
Hakusana finished. 

 "I still don't get it!" Mihoshi cried. 

 "You don't get anything!" Ryoko snapped. "Doesn't matter anyway, you won't be joining us. No way are you going into my
mind." 

 Washu nodded, to what Hakusana said. "That's what I figured. It might not be exactly like that. It could be worse. But there is
also the possibility that you'll come back to reality once you die. It's like game over and you loose, end of game and story. Restart
everything. Of course, that's the most unlikely possibility." 

 "You don't know what might happen to us?" Kiyone asked. 

 "I have never done this before Kiyone. I have never tested it. In fact, I only made the invention this afternoon!" 

 "Wait. Before we risk our lives, what dangers are we going to face?" Hakusana asked. 

 "It all depends on Ryoko," Washu replied. "Whatever she happens to think of will be there. But she can't control it since this is her
subconscious mind. For example, you can't control what you dream about." 

 "But she can think that we have a huge laser and we can shoot it with that right?" Mihoshi asked. 

 Ryoko stood up. "We? No, no, Mihoshi. Not we... just Kiyone, Hakusana and me. You can stay here and help Washu." 

 Washu stood up too. "With me? No way! You guys take her! She might press one of the buttons and close my connection with
you or something." 

 "Well, WE are not taking her." Hakusana snorted. Then everyone turned to look at Mihoshi. 

*     *     *     *     * 

 "Guys! Let me out of here! Please? Come on! I've never caused any real trouble!" Mihoshi banged on the glass door. 

 "Real trouble?" Hakusana repeated. "Yeah right. If that's not real trouble, I'd like to see what is." 

 Ryoko frowned. "Can't we shut her up?" 

 Washu nodded. "My sentiments exactly." Washu pressed a switch and another huge glass container came out from the ground
around the container Mihoshi was in. Washu explained, "It's sound proof." 

 Washu led the rest to another part in the room where four metal chairs were. They were all secured on a round platform and were
basically back to back with each other. They had a cushion that aligned at the front of the seat and control pads were placed on
the armrests. 

 Without any hesitation, Ryoko stood up on the platform and sat on one of the chairs. Fixing the belt around her waist, she crossed
her legs comfortably. "Let's go!" 

 Hakusana nodded. "Okay, let's do it." She followed Ryoko up the platform and sat on the chair to Ryoko's right. 

Kiyone seated herself on the chair on Ryoko's left. 

Washu fixed the controllers on their ears and took her place on the flying cushion a little bit away from them. The transparent
computer formed under her fingers and she started to type. 

 "Accessing profile for Hakusana Liang," the computer said. At the same time a small beam of light from the small black round
device on Hakusana's ear covered Hakusana's eyes like sunglasses. Her chair tilted down so Hakusana was in a lying-down
position. 

 "Accessing profile for Ryoko Hakubi," the computer said. The same thing happened to Ryoko. 

 "Accessing profile for Kiyone Makibi," the computer said. The same thing happened to Kiyone. Then a huge dome of light from
the edges of the circular platform covered them. 

 The computer started to countdown. "Entering in 5...4...3... " 

*     *     *     *     * 

 Kiyone felt herself zipping through a long tunnel. She could hear the computer finishing its countdown. ".3...2...1." 

 All of a sudden, the tunnel disappeared and she was herself again. She was in her own body but this time she was not in her galaxy
police outfit anymore. 

Kiyone had dark blue leggings and black boots. Her shirt was tight fitted, was long sleeved and with a turtle neck. The suit was
topped of with a long stripped blue and white sash on her waist. Last but not least there was a small red triangle mark on top of her
chest. 

 Kiyone also noticed that she was not in Washu's laboratory but in some beach instead. Hakusana and Ryoko stood beside her
and were also checking the place out. They also had the same kind of suit except Ryoko wore purple and Hakusana wore red. 

 "This is the beach of my hometown," Ryoko said. 

 "Your home town?" Kiyone repeated. "Isn't this place a bit remote?" 

 Ryoko smiled sheepishly. "I mean when I had amnesia, I was washed up on this beach and I lived here for the past three years." 

 "Not a bad place," Kiyone remarked. "Beautiful actually." 

 "Sunset or sunrise is the most beautiful time." 

 "You know Ryoko, you seem to have grown soft over the years." Kiyone and Ryoko went into a small conversation. 

 Hakusana on the other hand, wasn't paying attention to them. Instead, she started checking out her suit's qualities. She learned
that she could produce her own weapons. Another thing she realized was that Washu could see, hear and talk to them. 

 "Washu, are you seeing this?" she asked quietly. 

 Ryoko and Kiyone stopped their conversation and looked at her. 

 Washu's voice called out. "Yes I am." 

 "Then watch." Hakusana held her hand up in the air. *Daggers,* she wished silently. Immediately, a dagger formed in her hand
and she took a fast shot at Kiyone. 

 Kiyone didn't have time to react. Luckily, Hakusana was aiming right in front of her feet. Kiyone stepped back, a little bit shaken.
Then she looked at Hakusana and glared at her. 

Hakusana just smiled then looked away. Loosening her sash, she spoke out loud to Washu again. "Washu, did you design these
damn outfits?" 

"Apparently," Washu answered, "yes." 

"They suck Washu," Ryoko commented cheerfully walking around in a circle. She rubbed her chin as if she was wondering what
was missing. Ryoko paused, she said, "Oh by the way, we need transport here!" 

 "I have just the thing," Washu responded. 

 Ryoko walked one more circle and jumped up into the air. When she started to land, a hover board appeared under her feet. Still
moving she went around Hakusana and Kiyone, then came to a smooth stop in front of them. 

 "Show off," Hakusana muttered. She stepped onto her own hover board that appeared in her hands, courtesy of Washu. Then she
started flying through the beach with Ryoko behind her. She called, "Come on Kiyone!" 

 Kiyone shook her head and laughed. She threw her hover board so it started to fly already. At the same time, she jumped and
landed directly on it. Soon, she caught up with Ryoko and Hakusana. All of them started flying out of the beach. 

 It was actually kind of fun. It felt good having the wind blow on your face like smooth sailing. Normally, it would be hard to keep
balance on it but the skill of flying the hover board came easily to the three of them. 

 Washu laughed. "Okay! Slow down guys! Someone might take you by surprise." 

 Ryoko snorted. "We won't let our guard down, you know." She formed her sword and they all started flying straight ahead. 

They whizzed past the beach and a few other things too. Soon, they approached a really dark cloud. It was like a wall from left to
right, seeming like it would never end. The three flew at the cloud's side but the cloud just went on and on. 

 "Hold it!" Washu yelled. 

They all stopped, not daring to go any farther anyway. 

"I'm loosing visual contact but my audio is okay," Washu informed them. 

 "Okay, Washu. There's a dark cloud before is. It seems to be producing lighting and rain inside. Formation is like a tunnel.
Obviously, it's really dangerous," Kiyone reported. 

 "I know. I saw it before my visual contact went down. I think the cloud is the cause of the defect in our communication," Washu
said. 

 Ryoko asked, "What is it Washu? I don't think I've dreamed about it before." 

 "Do we proceed Washu?" Hakusana tapped her foot impatiently. 

 "Just one second. I'll look this thing up. Don't go anywhere near it." 

*     *     *     *     * 

Madake and Sasami went into the library of the mansion. Once again, it was huge but they had gotten used to the wide space
already. They took out the maps and atlases and spread them on the table. 

 "These are, uh, old maps. We need updated ones if we're going to find something," Madake commented as he brought out the
last two maps. 

 "Yes, but the key is old also. So it would resemble an old place if it were a map." 

 Sasami placed the key on the table and Madake picked it up. "Do you notice the inner ring, the middle ring and outer ring?" 

  "Do you know a place like that?" 

 "Actually. no." 

 Sasami sighed and walked to the window. "This is urgent, Madake. We have to find the city or some of my friends could die." 

 "I'm sorry Sasami," Madake apologized. He was opening the maps and looking at them. "Look, here. This is a map of Jurai.
Wow. the city used to be a mountainous area. Did you know that?" 

 "I think you're looking at it upside down. The mountains are on the other side of the city." 

 Madake turned it around. "Oh. Yeah, you're right." He opened another map. "Oh, Sasami, do you know a place called
Orithens?" 

 Sasami glanced at him. "It's the town we're in right now, here in the ruins." 

 Madake laughed quietly to himself and brought the map to Sasami. "I think you might like this." 

 Sasami took the map and looked at it. Her eyes grew bigger. There was an outer ring of a wall, a middle ring of water and the
inner ring was land filled with houses. She demanded, "What's the building in the middle?" 

 Madake took a look a the map. Then he looked out the window and pointed to it. It wasn't very hard to see. You could say it
was tall and stable or you could refer to it as a dark, silent and enigmatic building. 

 Sasami stared at it for a long time. "The Mercury Tower." 

*     *     *     *     * 

 "Okay. proceed. I think it's just a nightmare of Ryoko's," Washu said into the mike. 

 "I never had a nightmare about a cloud before," Ryoko's voice muttered through the speaker. 

 Washu waited patiently. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see that Mihoshi had fallen asleep. Washu rolled her eyes. 

 Suddenly, an earsplitting scream came from the speakers. Washu sat straight up along with the hair on her body. It was full of pain
and anguish. "Ryoko? Kiyone? Hakusana? Answer me!!!" Washu yelled. 

 "Hakusana," Washu heard Kiyone whisper, "Look, her eyes." 

 Inside the light dome, Washu could see the three squirming in agony. "What's happening in there!?!" Washu screamed trying to
abort the whole thing. The computer wouldn't allow it. Washu took the axe she kept for emergency and, with some effort, cut the
huge wire that connected everything. 

 The dome of light disappeared and so did the light from the controllers. The devices were steaming. Washu took them out
immediately. Shaking each one of them she called their names. "Ryoko? Kiyone? Hakusana?" 

 "Washu." Kiyone whispered weakly. She slowly opened her eyes. But that was all she could do. She closed them again, tiredly.

 Hakusana managed to move her arm and head. Washu transferred from Kiyone to Hakusana. Hakusana glared at her through her
blurry sight. "I hate you Washu," she muttered. Then she fell unconscious again. 

 Washu threw her hands up in defeat. There were four girls, twice her size and all of them were not conscious. Plus Desomitsu was
probably going to knock on her door any second. What about Ryoko? She hadn't even lifted a finger. 

 Washu checked Ryoko's pulse. Still there. Still breathing. Not conscious, which was really bad. If Ryoko was dead in the mind
but not in the body. this wasn't good. 

 Washu ran to Kiyone, being the only conscious one there. She shook her. "Listen Kiyone, I know you're really tired and
everything, but I have to know what happened? What happened there Kiyone? Talk to me!" 

 "Inhuman beyond words, Washu. Inhuman beyond words." 

*     *     *     *     * 

According to what Sasami knew, every fourth month of the year, the Mercury Tower would send out a huge pink light. It didn't
happen every year, more like every few hundred years. The date was never certain but always it always happened on the fourth
month of the year. 

 The light was like a plague. Plants and building were not affected but animals and people were. If the light touched people or
animals, they would be burned or catch some disease. There would be no source of light at all. This would go on for days. 

 The thing was, there was a barrier where it would happen. Starting from the walls of the ruins. Beyond the walls, you would not be
affected by the light. Everything would work fine. 

 No one had ever been inside the tower though people have seen the shadow of an old man walk around at the one and only
window that the tower had. 

People had tried to get in or destroy the tower. Nothing worked. To touch the tower, was suicide. Like if you held the door knob,
instant death. That's why no matter what, it stood there untouched. Even when the town was destroyed by mercenaries. 

 That's when the city turned into ruins. Soon, it became part of the out lands in Jurai. A new city was built. Life in Jurai continued.
The tower was no longer a bother though the light would still happen once in a blue moon, on the fourth month of the year. 

 "The Mercury Tower?" Madake repeated once again. He kept up with Sasami as she quickened her pace even more. "Are you
nuts?!" 

 "I know what I have to do, Madake and I have to do this." 

 "No you don't. Let's just go back next month." 

 "It'll be too late by next month." 

 They stopped at the tower's door. It was made of stone and vines covered almost half of it. Sasami looked at Madake and
showed him the door. 

 "What?" Madake asked. 

 "Well. open it!" 

 "I'm not opening it. Not this month. It was your idea anyway!" 

 Sasami sighed and shook her hands nervously. "Okay fine!" She reached for the doorknob. 

 "Sasami! No! Wait!" Madake yelled. Sasami jumped up and looked at him. He walked up to the door. "What do you think
you're doing?! I'll open it!" 

 Sasami rolled her eyes and watched Madake's shaky hands open it. The door creaked open and both of them peeked inside. The
place was pitch black. The only light came from outside. Madake felt the walls for a light switch. There was none. He did find
some candles, though that didn't help. 

 "I opened it," Madake said in a disbelieving tone. "I'm inside it too." He took a few steps forward. "And I'm alive! I'm alive
Sasami!" 

 "I think that was just the easy part," Sasami said. "Someone let us in for a reason. Just us and no one else over the billions of
centuries. Light the place up will you?" 

 Madake took his staff and it started to glow brightly. Now they could see what was in the tower. It was actually just a winding
staircase, a table and a mirror. That's all there was. 

 "Follow me," Madake instructed. 

They quickly ran up the cold stone stairs until they came to the top. When they did, they came to a door. They went into that and
entered a room that was about four meters large with another staircase. They ran through that, only to come to another door
leading to another room with another staircase. 

It was so silent in the tower. All you could hear was the soft padding of Sasami and Madake's footsteps and their soft breathing. 

Madake and Sasami ran a bit longer through more doors, rooms and staircases. Everything looked alike. They were loosing hope.
In fact, they had lost themselves quite a while ago. They couldn't retrace their steps anymore and find the entrance of the tower. So
they went through more passages. What they didn't know was that they were going through the same stairways over and over
again. 

At last, when they entered a room, there was no staircase. There were no doors either. However, there was a glass ceiling high
above thier heads. 

"Blow it up," Sasami commanded. After some thought, she added, "please." 

Madake took his trustful staff and a bright ray shot out, shattering the glass. He was careful not to make the explosion too huge. He
then sheltered Sasami and himself from the glass. 

After all the glass had fallen, Sasami used her powers -inherited from Tsunami- to make them lift them into the room above. The
room was much larger but had as much furnishings as the others did. There was also: another staircase. 

"Here we go agian," Madake sighed, taking the lead up the stairs. 

The stairs led to a room that was also about 4 meters large. It also had a door except this time, the door was metal and not wood.
It had a lock too. Plus, there was a window revealing the ruins outside. 

"We're at the top of the tower," Sasami said. 

"Yeah," Madake nodded. But he was more interested with the door. "But what about the door?" 

"It's a change," Sasami commented. 

"Is that a good thing or a bad thing?" Madake asked. 

"Only one way to find out." Sasami took the lock of the door and tried to pull it open. Locked. She then took the key from her
pocket and slipped it in the lock. Twisting it nervously a few times she gave up and looked at Madake. "The key won't work," she
gasped. 

 "Let me try." Madake took his staff again. It glowed a deep purple color then the ray blasted into the door. He set the staff down.
The door stayed the same. 

 "Magic," Sasami said. "This whole place is under some protection spell. But why were we let in? No one has ever gone in
before." 

 "Maybe it likes us," Madake laughed. "But seriously. there's no such thing as magic." 

 "That's what I thought. Power yes, of course, but magic.it's just not the same thing." Sasami looked at the key again. *Tsunami,
what do I do now?* 

 *Oh Sasami. magic does exist.* 

 *Uh-huh. sure, Tsunami. Name me one that I know that exists.* 

 *Love is one of the many kinds of magic.* 

 *That's not the same thing! Love is power too.* 

 *Power and magic. Nature has it's own magic, also.* 

 *That doesn't count either and it's beside the point. We need to get into that room.* Sasami blinked in the darkness. Madake's
staff light was wavering. 

 Suddenly, another voice entered the conversation. *Tsunami.Sasami.* 

 *Tokimi?* Tsunami asked. 

 Tokimi's voice sounded as sweet as always but it spoke with the same hateful tone. *Tsunami. do you know where you have
brought Sasami? Have you even thought about what dangers there could be in the Mercury tower and in that room?* 

 *Of course I have. Sasami will not be harmed, I can assure you that.* 

 *I'm not satisfied. How can you assure me that?* 

 *Why are you even here and bothering with us, Tokimi?* 

 *I have my reasons. The Dark Lord.* 

 *What about the Dark Lord?* Sasami interrupted. *Tsunami! What's she talking about?* 

 Tokimi sighed. *I have said too much.* 

 *You're here already. You might as well help us,* Tsunami said. Silence again. 

 Sasami turned to look at the door. With a click, the lock was unlatched and it dropped to the ground. The door slid open and
Sasami could hear the faint words of Tokimi. *That's the last time, Tsunami.* 

 "Hey it's open!" Madake cried, unaware of the conversation. "Did you do that, Sasami?" 

 Sasami shrugged. "Not really but in a way." 

 "Well, let's go in." Madake walked into the room. 

*     *     *     *     * 

 "I know it was bad but." Washu said. She stopped. Her eyes got wider as she glared at Kiyone. She had fallen asleep again.
"Hey! Kiyone!" Washu slapped Kiyone's cheek. "Kiyone!" 

 Kiyone shook her head. "What?" 

 "I know it was bad but you got to tell me what hurt you?" 

 "I don't know Washu." she started to close her eyes. 

 Washu slapped her again. "Wake up! Not now, Kiyone. Don't give in now. It's not time yet." Kiyone opened her eyes and
looked at Washu. Then she closed them again. Washu blinked. "I SAID WAKE UP!!" She gave one huge slap. 

Kiyone sat straight up. Exhausted, she slumped back down, but awake. "Okay, listen. Once we entered the cloud, my head went
spinning. The pain was incredible. I collapsed on my hover board. Hakusana did too. Ryoko was hurting the most but she was also
the last to give in to the pain." 

 "It was that bad, huh?" 

 "Extremely terrible," Kiyone whispered through her weakened lips. "You should have seen Ryoko. She knew what it was. She
remembered." 

 "Remembered what? What was it? I have to know in order to help you, Kiyone!" 

 "When she wakes up," Kiyone continued. "Look into her eyes. and you'll see.pure terror.just like I did." 

Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! 

 Washu looked over to her computer as Kiyone finished the last of her strength and fell unconscious. "Damnit!" Washu cursed
under her breath and stormed over to the computer. She sat down on the floating pillow and flipped her hair back. 

 "Message transfer," Washu read out loud. She clicked the okay button and the message transfer was initialized. A window
appeared on the computer screen. 

 "Washu!" Sasami cried anxiously. 

 "Sasami!" Washu said at the same time. They both laughed anxiously. Washu was the first one to say, "You first. What's
happening over there?" 

 "It's incredible.uh, terrible. I don't know! I just discovered something you won't believe." 

 "Okay.I had that coming. More bad news huh? Sasami, at this point in my life, I think I can believe anything. Especially after
everything I've been through." 

 "Right, Washu. And pigs fly." 

 "Been there, done that. It's possible. You have to take the DNA for the wings of the pig first. But develop those wings so they'll
be big enough." 

 "Washu, this is serious!" 

 "I am serious! Pigs can fly!" Washu noticed the look Sasami was giving her. She sighed. "Okay, Sasami. I'm sorry. You won't
believe what's happening here too. I'm a wreck right now." 

 "Me too. It's okay." 

 "But you still brought the subject of flying pigs first." 

 "Washu!" 

 "All right! So what were you going to say?" 

 "Right now, I am in a really dark room. The only thing giving off light is a dim pink mist in the room. There is a chest in the middle
of the room. My guardian is unconscious on the floor. He just fell when we entered. The door is locked." 

 "What did Tsunami say?" 

 "She was the one who told me to contact you. She put the message through." 

 "Sasami. where are you?" 

 "Uh, the ruins in the out lands of Jurai?" 

 "You wouldn't happen to be in Orithens Town, would you?" 

 Sasami nodded. 

 "Oh my god! You're in the Mercury tower! What are you doing in there? What is wrong with Tsunami? No. what is wrong with
the universe today? I am going to have a mental break down. Sasami! Do you realize that it is the fourth month in Jurai?" 

 "Uh. yeah, but Washu, that's not the point." 

 "Sasami, do you know what else happens besides the plague in the town every fourth month in Jurai years? Oh jeez, the mist!
Don't breath Sasami, don't breath!" 

 "Washu, I'm fine. Look, you're upset. I've never seen you like this before!" 

 Washu took a couple of deep breaths. "Okay, I'm sorry. I'm fine and you're fine. But four women in my lab are not!" 

 "What?" 

 "Sorry again. Never mind. So open the chest." 

 "I am NOT opening that chest." Washu saw Sasami leave the screen. 

 "Sasami? Sasami? Where are you going? Sasami?" Washu called. Sasami didn't answer. Washu leaned back waiting patiently. 

 BOOM! 

 Washu stood straight up. On the computer screen, she could see the huge chest Sasami had dropped in front of the screen. It was
old and there were writings on it. Washu couldn't make it out. 

 Sasami pulled the screen up to her face so Washu was now facing her. "What do you think?" 

 "What do the writings say?" Washu asked. 

 "Actually there are names. Um, Jonathan Davis, Angelique Lark, Shizuka Koga, Kyoko Manezaki, Alejandro Loanzon, Toru
Sakata, Lin Yang, Taimi Miller, Hussein Ali, Mei Lee, Jake Boston, Kano Yasuke ." Sasami stopped reading. "What are you
doing?" 

 Washu opened another window in her computer screen and started typing. The computer quickly scrolled down a list of millions
of names. 

 "I'm looking these people up. I've heard of that Kano Yasuke person. A criminal, say a million years ago. He led one galaxy into
a huge war. Interesting what one person can do, these days." 

 "I don't think it's just one person, Washu. He was paired up with someone." 

 "Name?" Washu inquired. 

 "Well, I don't know Washu but I uh. if I had to give a name, see, um. let's say the Dark Lord?" 

 Washu didn't respond but Sasami could see the anger build up in Washu's eyes. After a moment, Washu looked up again. "The
people you've mentioned are all criminals, though I can't seem to find Koga, Davis and Lark." 

 "Why are they on the chest?" 

 "Open the damn chest, and find out!" Washu groaned. "Nothing will harm you, Sasami. I promise." 

 "Easy for you to say. You're not the one in the tower! You're way over there, safe in the labratory." Sasami smiled nervously at
Washu. Her fingers fumbled with the lock. It wasn't opening. The key wasn't working either. "Uh. Washu?" 

 "Grr.just break it!" 

 "Break it? Break it? Open it, break it, open it! Washu, help me out here!" 

 Washu shook her head. "Give me one second." 

All the windows on the screen were minimized. Washu opened up another window. A 3-D picture of the lock appeared on one
side of the computer screen and a key on the other side. The key changed quickly, molding into the shape of the lock. 

"Okay, all done!" Washu said, opening the screen with Sasami in it. "This key ought to open it." 

The key materialized into Sasami's hand. Sasami turned it with her shaky hands and threw the chest open. A brilliant pink light
scattered through the room. It shone on Sasami's face. 

Sasami's eyes widened as she stared at the objects inside the chest. "Wow." 
-------------------- 
End of Chapter Eight 
