The characters of the Tenchi Muyo universe are the creation and possession of AIC and Pioneer 
-------------------- 
Echoes In The Mist 
Camille Christansen 
echoesinthemist@angelfire.com 
-------------------- 

~~ Chapter 12 ~~ 

It had been hours later since Sasami opened the chest. She had managed to drag Madake out and once he wasn't in the room
anymore, he woke up. After that and all this time, they had been going over the journal. They had to translate it since it was a
mixture of Japanese and another language. 

 They had learned that Shizuka Koga was the man wrote the journal. He also lived in the tower too. He was half dead. A
complication between his father being a ghost, falling in love with Shizuka's mother. Shizuka's father would come appear to
Shizuka's mother many times. Finally, he was given the wish to have flesh for a day. Shizuka was born 9 months after, inheriting his
father's ghostly genes instead of the flesh his father had. As mentioned, it was a complication. 

 Shizuka ranked higher and higher in the military of Jurai. It was because of his ghostly powers. He was an amazing fighter but
battle after battle, his heart turned darker and darker. Still, he was the fastest in Jurai promotion. 

Then one day, in battle, he was stranded on the planet. The Juraians had won but only a tenth of the army was able to return to
Jurai. Shizuka was one of the survivors but he was not part of the returning soldiers. 

 The reason was that Shizuka was visited by the Dark Lord that day. What happened during the visit, Sasami was still translating.
But Madake read ahead and was able to translate what happened after the visit. 

 Shizuka apparently got confused but agreed to the bargain the Dark Lord offered. He went with the Dark Lord and began what
Shizuka called, "the merging." 

 Shizuka described the merging as a wonderful thing. It felt great plus so much power was added to your original powers. He could
almost match the whole Juraian force. 

Shizuka said that after a while though, his conscience started to bother him. It was something about the Dark Lord. Something he
didn't like at all. "What would happen if I decided to refuse the offer the Dark Lord made?" Shizuka wondered. 

 What happened after that, Madake was still reading and translating. They had actually gone over a lot in the book. About 49
pages already and 26 entries. 

 Sasami closed the book and stretched, yawning tiredly. Madake glanced at her. then he turned his attention back at the book and
kept reading. Sasami leaned on the wall and smiled at Madake. "You still translating?" Sasami asked. 

 Madake shrugged. "Oh well, it's kind of interesting actually. I could never write a journal like this. I used to have a diary when I
was a kid and I only wrote in it every 4 months? I was never consistent and I didn't write as well and as deep as this Shizuka
person does." 

 "Yeah, me too. The diary part." Sasami laughed. "Gets you kind of jealous, huh? That you could write like him?" 

 "I wouldn't say it was jealous. just amazed?" 

 Sasami shrugged and sighed. "I wonder if Aeka and Tenchi are okay." 

 "They're probably fine. According to the story you told me, it's Washu and Kiyone I would be worried about. Although I'm
surprised that the greatest scientific genius didn't get anyone else to help." 

 Sasami felt her cheeks getting hot. She didn't like lying but she didn't really want Madake to know the whole story about Ryoko.
Besides, she didn't want him to have a heart attack from hearing that his former master wasn't dead. 

 Sasami leaned forward and started reading the book again. "I guess you're right, Madake." 

*     *     *     *     * 

 Desumitsu hushed Akari to sit down at the table with Rosco. A stony look was plastered on her face. She was whiter than usual
and her eyes had no pupils inside. Her hair was covered half of her face. She was now wearing a tight outfit with a gray jacket. 

 Then Desumitsu sat down himself. He looked like any normal person but he felt different. It was like he was wearing a mask, only
Rosco knew that under the fake sweetness of the mask, there was something twisted in foul. 

 "Whoa, Scorpion! What did you do to her?" Rosco yelped. He looked at her and smiled. "Hi there doctor." 

 "Wonderful piece of work, don't you agree?" Desumitsu smiled a bitter proud smile. "Report!" 

 Rosco sat up straight and informed Desumitusu what had been happening on earth. "Princess Aeka of the Jurai Royal Family is
officially intimidated by us, though she makes no effort to tell me the whereabouts of Ryoko." 

 "So she continues to pretend she doesn't know," Desumitsu said. 

 Rosco glowered, remembering what happened with Aeka and her guardians. "I could have killed her if not for her guardians," he
muttered. 

 "I thought I made it clear not to kill the princess," Desumitsu bellowed. 

 Rosco started to get nervous right away. He stammered, "I-I-I wa-wa-sn't p-p-lanning to-to kill her. Just, just showing you how
vulnerable she is." Calming down, he took Akari's hand. "But this one is much more innocent, aren't you, doctor?" 

 Akari scowled, taking her hand away. 

 "Where are the others?" Desumitsu demanded, noticing the empty chairs at the table. 

 "They're at the ships main control room." Rosco considered about discussing Hakusana but he chickened out. Instead, he said,
"Scorpion, there's still no sign of Ryoko." 

 "What about the boy? Does he know anything? Is he making this difficult for you?" 

 "He's won't be getting in our way." 

 "Good. Because if you fail me just because of that boy, your head would be in my trophy case," Desumitsu threatened. "What
about that cursed Yosho and the boy's father?" 

 "We've taken care of them. Took them completely by surprise. They're trapped right now in crystals. We placed them inside the
cave, no one will be finding them anytime soon. Are you sure we can't kill them?" 

 "They are no threat anymore. They'll be fine. It's Ryoko I want." Desumitsu spoke with so much anger and hate when he said
Ryoko's name. "Go back down to earth and don't return until you've found her." 

"Should I bring the gang?" 

Desumitsu paused before answering, "Yes, but I'll be needing V to help me locate..." 

"Yeah, I know. But can she fight?" Rosco asked, referring to Akari. 

 "Of course I can," Akari snapped, taking Rosco by surprise. She glared at him, angry for taking her as a fool. 

 "I was beginning to think you weren't good enough," Rosco said. 

 He didn't impress Akari. "Is that a challenge?" She sneered. 

 "Maybe another time, doc.  Right now, we have an assignment to do." 

*     *     *     *     * 

 Sasami silently flipped through the pages. Beside her, Madake had fallen asleep. The content of the book was something Sasami
decided that she would never forget. In the book, Shizuka lived through a wild, abominable woe of which he never spoke to
anyone but the journal. There was no one who would have understood. 

 The night the Dark Lord had visited him, he offered Shizuka power and life. At the time, Shizuka was dying and probably would
have died if not for the Dark Lord. Shizuka was actually fine with dying, he had done it for his country after all and he would be
marked a hero. But the Dark Lord offered him another chance at life and promised more power. It was so tempting, Shizuka
agreed. 

 The Dark Lord had seen how cold Shizuka's heart was growing and what a brilliant fighter he was. Shizuka used to be a good
person. It was just that war had made him seen too much, feel too much. War could do terrible things to a person, it's just too
much to bear. The only way to survive was to not feel. Like a machine, that's what Shizuka had done. That's what made his heart
cold. That's what attracted the Dark Lord. 

 So Shizuka and the Dark Lord started the merging. It was a good thing Shizuka started to doubt. His conscience was amazing and
that's what saved him from loosing his insanity and killing every single living thing. He pulled away from the Dark Lord early
enough. None of the others before him had. None of the others in line with him would be escaping too. 

 It seemed to Sasami, from Shizuka's point of view, was that all the Dark Lord wanted was to destroy life. It was fun for him. A
sadist. The Dark Lord had no reasons to kill. It's like someone who wants happiness all the time except the opposite. 

 Sasami wondered, if the Dark Lord had so much power, why couldn't he just come over and destroy the universe? Why merge
with someone and use him or her as his destruction tool? And what was merging in the first place? 

 All the answers were in the book. Sasami had covered a third of the journal with the help of Madake. But right now, she was so
tired. Poor Madake had already fallen asleep. Sasami pulled his staff closer to her. It's glow felt wonderfully warm in the cold,
eerie tower. 

 Then it occurred to Sasami. The first was that she ought to flip through all the pages and scan them briefly first, before reading it
intimately. It would probably be much easier to do. If she kept reading everything and studying it, she probably would fall asleep
right there. 

 Sasami took the book and opened the cover, starting from the back. "What the heck?" she cried out softly. 

*     *     *     *     * 

 Hakusana lay back against the pillow, her dark brown hair spread out over it like a silken cover. She kicked off the blanket and
stared at the ceiling. The lamp light made the room dim but still, Hakusana could still see the wavering shadow of Washu. 

 "Do you plan on turning on the lights Washu?" Hakusana finally asked. 

 Washu turned around, looking up from her desk. "Oh yeah, sure. Computer, lights on." 

 Obediently the wall screen displays came up, illuminating the room. The bare walls were covered with thin screen panels that
could show real time imagery. At the moment, they played a very bright, simple, mindless show of greens like the garden outside. 

 To Washu and Hakusana, the light was blinding since their eyes had already gotten used to the darkness in the lab. 

 "Whoa!" Washu cried, shielding her eyes. "Computer, switch to mid-lighting." 

 The lights faded away to a softer and warmer light that matched the normal daytime illumination on Kurashiki. 

 Swinging her legs out of bed, Hakusana padded across the room to Washu. She had changed from a galaxy police suit to shorts
and a sleeveless shirt. 

 "Wanna change back?" Washu asked, holding up her galaxy police clothes. 

 "I hate that uniform," Hakusana scowled. "Do you think you could teleport my Keiji over here? I have something in there I would
prefer to wear." 

 Washu nodded and her transparent computer formed under her hands. "Easier done than said." 

 Hakusana laughed. "How is Ryoko and Kiyone doing?" 

 "They reached the wall," Washu answered. "And they'll be fine on their own. Are you ready? Your ship awaits." 

 Hakusana nodded as a light glow formed around her. "See you later Washu," she muttered and disappeared from the room. 

*     *     *     *     * 

 The magnificent sunsets and sunrises at Faunolger was one sight Ryoko never got tired of seeing. A brilliant orange ball rose
behind the volcanoes. Ryoko always made it a point to watch sunrises or sunsets. It was probably cause most of her life she hardly
ever had the experience of sunrises or sunsets. A Faunolger sunset was the most beautiful out of all the ones she'd ever seen. The
bright orange sun would turn the sky into amazing different colors the higher of the lower it got. 

 Kiyone was getting tired of the Faunolger sunrises and sunsets. Ryoko was playing at the moment with the sun. A moment after
the sunset, Ryoko would wish it back up again. Kiyone swerved right on her hover board to avoid a huge boulder. 

Ryoko followed. "Hey, what's up with you Kiyone?" 

"You really want to know?" 

"Yeah sure." 

"Will you quit playing with the sun!?!" Kiyone demanded. 

"Okay! Sorry!" Ryoko laughed and the sun stayed up in the sky. Ryoko attempted to continue the conversation again. "You know
what's really weird?" 

"What?" Kiyone asked as they floated down the last volcano that was in front of the wall. The wall was already huge from a
distance but up close, it was gigantic. 

"Everything here just represents what I'm thinking. Not everything is here." 

"Washu explained that some more to us while you were off with Tenchi. She wasn't 100% sure what was going to happen in your
brain, like how she wasn't sure what would happen if we died. This is the first time you know." 

"Yeah I know. Follow me, this way!" Ryoko led Kiyone around the wall. There were no doors or anything. You couldn't go
through the ceiling. The place was closed up thoroughly. 

"I guess we have to blow it up," Ryoko said. Her sword disappeared, then she cast her hand out with an open palm.  Immediately,
it began to fill with a ball of orange-red energy. 

"I'm with you," Kiyone agreed, taking aim with her gun. 

"First one to blow it up wins, do we have a deal?" Ryoko bargained. 

"Absolutely." Kiyone took aim an pulled the trigger 

TSSEEEWWWW! TSSEEEWWWW! 

One blast came after the other from Kiyone's gun, each making a huge blast in the wall. Ryoko's energy balls were thrown silently.
Silent but deadly. They too, made huge explosions that the ground would shake each time the energy balls would hit the wall. The
area was smoking heavily from the blasts that you could hardly see the wall anymore, just smoke. 

At last, Kiyone commanded, "Hold it. Pull back!" She held her gun up. 

Ryoko formed an energy ball in her hand but did not fire. They both waited for the smoke to clear. When it did, their jaws
dropped. 

"We didn't do a thing to it!" Ryoko gasped. 

"We HAVE to have done something!" Kiyone cried. Pausing to think for a while, she continued, "There must be some hole. How
else would you remember? It has to leak out somewhere. If it's not on the wall. what if there's a tunnel?" 

"Tunnel?" Ryoko repeated. At the same time, a huge hole opened beneath them and they fell in. 

*     *     *     *     * 

 Hakusana materialized in the main deck of her ship. Behind her was the hot burn of Keiji. She turned around and smiled at him. 

 "Tell me Hakusana, how did I get here?" Keiji asked in his usual raspy voice. 

 "Washu, the greatest scientific genius, teleported you from the Galaxy Police headquarters," Hakusana answered simply,
approaching him. She put her hand on her hip. "I need a makeover." 

 "I'm no beauty salon, why are you asking me." 

 "You have my old stuff. It's time I go back to the old days." Hakusana looked up, holding her hands out, "Sorry Aidan, but I tried
to be good." 

"It's been a long, but I have to say it's about time. You weren't cut out to be an officer. Not a Juraian either. Space pirate was
always fine with me you know. " 

 Hakusana laughed and changed her accent, "So ye be me trusty ship. We be sailin' the hundred galaxies, matey! Where be me
clothin' now?" 

 "Thar she be matey, thar she be," Keiji laughed too. A glass cabinet appeared. Lights were on inside, revealing Hakusana's
weapons and clothes. 

"Still looking pretty good," Hakusana commented as she opened the cabinet's door. She took the outfit and laid it in her arms. 

It was a red sleeveless Chinese outfit. The collar was V shaped. The skirt went down to her ankles and it had two huge slits at the
side. The skirt had a small wave design, cut off by a bird like shape. 

Haksuana put it on and wrapped the black belt around her waits. She also had a black choker and black leather boots to match it.
She strapped on her gloves, slipping blades in it's hidden pockets. She stood in front of the mirror. The tatoo was revealed on one
of her bare arms. 

"Firebird," Keiji recalled, naming the tattoo. 

"Phoenix," Hakusana corrected. 

Keiji muttered, "Same thing." 

Hakusana then took her hair and parted it into four ponytails. The top two, she made into buns and the bottom two, she made into
rings. "Seems like everyone is going back into their old styles again," she commented. 

"What do you mean?" 

"Ryoko dyed her hair light brown and cut it. She changed back today also." 

"Oh I see." Keiji said uncertain, who Ryoko was. He quickly looked her up in his computer files as Hakusana looked at herself
in the mirror again. 

"You know, I was never a vain person," Hakusana said. "But something's missing." 

Keiji looked at her up and down. "I know what it is," he said at last. He materialized a silver armlet in mid air. 

Hakusana looked at it, hesitating to take it. 

"What's wrong? You used to love wearing this." 

"Oh Keiji, you know that Rosco gave this to me," Hakusana sighed. She took it anyway and placed it on her arm above her
tattoo. 

"I've been meaning to ask you Hakusana.I never did all these years but, where did you get that outfit? It's certainly not from
Jurai." 

"It's from China, Earth," Hakusana explained. Her voice suddenly got sad. "It was from my dad. He had it made when he was
dying. He got a woman's size, using my mother's measurements, because he knew he'd never see me grow up." 

"Then you had more made, similar to that outfit," Keiji remembered. "Oh I remember now.  The original didn't fit, huh?" 

"Too loose," Hakusana nodded. "Okay, Keiji, teleport me back down to earth." 

*     *     *     *     * 

 The tunnel was long and dark. It was actually more like a slide. But it ended eventually. Ryoko fell on her butt. They were now in
a cavern, filled with magma pools. Hot lava bubbled deep inside. Small flames would shoot up from the pools, time to time. 

 "Is it just hot in here, or that just me?" Ryoko asked, as Kiyone fell beside her. 

 Kiyone smiled. "Can you spot any kind of hole?" she asked, still looking around. Then she pulled herself to her feet and helped
Ryoko stand up. They both started walking around in it. 

 "Looks like we're in a volcano or something," Kiyone commented. A spark of red fire burst in front of her, and she stepped back
in surprise. 

 "Um, Kiyone? What if the volcano erupts?" Ryoko asked touching the rocky cavern walls. 

 Kiyone shrugged nervously. "I guess you just have to think it doesn't erupt. Or else we could always summon some kind of shield.
We survived a few million volts of energy, didn't we?" 

 Ryoko looked around, as Kiyone's voice echoed through the walls. They proceeded deeper into the cave. Here, there was no
more lava and the darkness was complete. Ryoko formed an energy ball, lighting the cave up. 

 When they came to the end of the tunnel, Kiyone placed her hand on the wall. "This is a dead end!" she cried hopelessly. 

 "Where have you two gotten yourselves into, now?" Washu's voice boomed. 

 Ryoko and Kiyone stepped back in surprise. Ryoko was the first to speak, "Damn you Washu! Help us out here!" 

 "I did say I would have to leave, you agreed to that. Your lucky I came back at all." 

 "We're in a cave, in one of the volcanoes," Kiyone reported still feeling around at the wall. "We think the entrance is here
somewhere." 

 "Maybe when it erupts, a part of Ryoko's memory comes out with it," Washu said. She sighed and asked Ryoko, "Couldn't you
have thought of an easier way to get to your memory?" 

 Ryoko shrugged. "Hey I wish I did. But how are we gonna get all my memory to erupt, or whatever you call it. Um. Kiyone?
What are you doing?" 

 "It's hollow," Kiyone explained. "If only there was some way to open it." 

 "Open it? No problem, I'll just blow it up." Ryoko started to throw her energy ball when Kiyone held her hands down and
stopped her. 

 "No, crazy! You'll cause a cave in or something!" Kiyone yelled. 

 "Cave in, shmave in," Ryoko replied, zapping the wall. The collapsed and a longer, darker tunnel was revealed. 

 Kiyone froze, letting Ryoko's arm go. Ryoko stopped to stare too. The cave had started shaking hard. Small rocks had started to
tumble from the ceiling. What's worse was something was coming from the cave. 

 "Let's get out of here!" Ryoko cried shakily, but her feet stuck to the ground. 

 Kiyone nodded shakily, starting to back away. "What is it?" she asked. 

 In the midst of backing up, a rush of what seemed to be water knocked both girls over. Kiyone and Ryoko covered their heads,
screaming. 
-------------------- 
End of Chapter 12 