The characters of the Tenchi Muyo universe are the creation and possession of AIC and Pioneer
--------------------
Echoes In The Mist
Camille Christansen
Echoesinthemist@angelfire.com
--------------------

~~ Chapter 16 ~~

Tenchi tripped in his hurry to get to the Keiji. Kiyone had called the whole gang for a meeting about their rescue for Mihoshi pronto and he had taken at least 15 minute since she gave the request.

Suddenly, a hand yanked him backward. Tenchi stumbled into Ryoko. "Hi, Tenchi," Ryoko smiled.

"Ryoko," Tenchi gasped, trying to catch his breath. "What's up?"

"I guess I wanted to ask you if you were, well," Ryoko said. *Say it!* "Um, mad at me?" she finished. *Wuss.*

"I'm not, don't worry about it! But you know, we're about 15 minutes late so let's get to the Keiji already," Tenchi glanced at his watch then took her hand. They started racing down the hallway.

*Just ask him!* Ryoko thought, as she ran along side of him. "Wait Tenchi," she pulled him back again, "that wasn't my real question."

Tenchi raised his eyebrow and smiled. "Okay, then what is?"

Ryoko took a deep breath and bit her lip. "What's happening between you and me?" She looked at him hopefully.

"Ryoko, do you remember you first appeared to me?" Tenchi asked.

"Yeah, I took you from your bed, and you were wondering if you were dreaming or not."

"So it wasn't a dream," Tenchi grinned triumphantly. "I knew it wasn't! Something like that had to be real." He saw her frowning at him. "Uh, that wasn't the real explanation. I just wanted to clear that up."

Ryoko nodded slowly. "Okay, so what's the real explanation?"

"Ryoko, when I set foot on your cave I could feel you there and I don't know how else to put it but I just fell in love, I guess. I went there everyday to be in your presence. When my mom died, you were the only one there for me… dad's not a great consoler, though he did kind of help."

"Is there a point in this?" Ryoko asked impatiently.

"Yeah. Wait. Then, when I saw you for the first time physically (not as a mummy), it wasn't love exactly but it was definitely something."

"Something positive?"

"Definitely something positive," Tenchi smiled. "Then that kiss, I fell in love with you all over again. I was so happy when I found out you were alive."

Ryoko's eyes lit up. "Are you saying you're in love with me… and not Aeka?"

"Ryoko, look, you are this amazing person who has opened up ever possibility to me, and you were there to support and love me no matter what happened, and nothing I could do could possibly repay your friendship with me." He paused. "But I can't choose."

"What did you say?" Ryoko demanded in a soft voice, partly shocked.

"Aeka and the rest are just as important to me as you are. I love you as a friend. Now, you got to understand that when I say love…"

"No, you got to understand. You know what Tenchi?" Ryoko interrupted, narrowing her eyes. She wasn't just shocked, she was disgusted. "That's not good enough. This game has been going on for too long. Five years or so? It's time you choose Tenchi? Who will it be? Me, Aeka, or none at all?"

Tenchi sighed. "Ryoko, me and Aeka are going to Jurai to get married." After he said it, Tenchi felt like he just stabbed his best friend.

"You really do love her, don't you?" Ryoko's voice was shaky.

"I really didn't' choose to. Everyone else just decided."

"Well, Tenchi, for once in your life, stop being so selfless and look at the world through here," she tapped over his heart, "and in here," she tapped his head. "Then you can decide weather to follow or lead. You're always just following. You know people do look up to you, Tenchi. Like me. Hakusana tried pointing that out a couple of times."

"I can't abandon her Ryoko."

"Oh, but you can abandon me, that it?"

"It's not like that."

"I believe it is," Ryoko declared. "Do you really want this Tenchi? If you do, I'll spare you and just leave. I really don't want to let you go but the perspective has changed now that I'm back."

"I can't choose," Tenchi shook his head.

"No. You have too. You can't just do nothing. You can't just do that to me, you can't just do that to Aeka, and you can't just do that to yourself. Now please, Tenchi, choose, and for god sakes, choose me. I love you so much."

"Can I ask you something first?" Ryoko nodded and Tenchi continued, "Do you really want me for love or for winning?"

"Tenchi, I love you so much that I'll be glad that you love Aeka because I know that you're happy. But I don't know that you're happy. You have to make it clear to me. So do you love Aeka or can I be the one to make you happy?"

"Why me, Ryoko? You could practically have any guy you wanted."

"And I want you. You're the first person who has ever treated me like I'm a real human being."

"Well, Ryoko, if I had to choose right now," Tenchi took a deep breath. "It's Aeka."

"Oh." *That really stung,* Ryoko thought. She steadied her voice. She was prepared for this. After all, she hadn't been there for three years. *Three god damn years,* she thought, feeling like destroying everything. But she didn't. Still, she had never felf to terrible before.

"Ryoko?"

"I'm glad you made a choice," Ryoko answered, surprised at how calm her voice was. "Though I would have preferred if you did it in my favor. I shouldn't be hanging around here anymore. After Deesumitsu, I'm leaving."

"Well, I don't know what to say."

"I guess this is goodbye," Ryoko whispered, biting her lip. She put her arms around Tenchi, pulling him closer, and closer and closer. Finally, she just collapsed in his arms, holding him tightly. "I loved you so much, it's so hard to let go," she sobbed over again.

And Tenchi just held her, stroking her hair, hugging her back. After a long, he said, "I'm so sorry Ryoko, I feel so bad about this."

"Don't be," Ryoko whimpered, straightening up. She wiped her tears. "That felt good. Can I ask you one more question?"

"You just did," Tenchi smiled.

Ryoko took a deep breath. "Can I have this first and last kiss?"

At first, Tenchi hesitated but then he thought, *One kiss wouldn't hurt. It's the least I can do after treating her like dirt.* He gently cupped her face with his hands and kissed her. It was like an electric bolt through his body. He suddenly couldn't think anymore and he didn't want to. He just wanted this kiss. *What am I talking about?* Tenchi thought, finally breaking away. He smiled at her sadly and started to walk away when his eyes locked with Aeka's. She was frozen at the corner.

"You love her?" Aeka mouthed. Her eyes welled up and she ran out of sight.
 *     *     *     *     *

Washu casually stepped into a dimension she created in her closet in the Magame. She stepped up to a chair and placed some headgear over her. Quickly typing the password and commands, Washu transported herself.

Suddenly, she wasn't in a chair anymore. She was in the garden. A golden light bounced off the floor. Brown, orange and yellow leaves scattered the pathway. In the middle of the garden was a tree surrounded by three rings of water and land.

Washu ran through the stepping stones that led to the tree. Under its shade, she waited patiently.

Soon enough, after a minute, Tsunami appeared beside her. "Hello, Washu."

"Hi, Tsunami," Washu replied. "Am I the greatest scientific genius or what?"

"I suppose. You were able to transport yourself to this realm where only divine spirits may enter. Of course, you can't see everything."

"Don't need to. Don't want to."

"So, our trinity has been threatened," Tsunami changed the subject.

"It's not exactly much of a trinity anymore. I am now officially mortal, not a goddess."

"Yes, but you still have your powers in Ryoko's gems. I wonder where Tokimi is."

Washu answered with a skeptical look on her face, "She's probably listening to our conversation right now. Insolent, that's what she is."

"You know, Sasami can feel it. She knows what's wrong. She may even know what's happening to us at this very moment."

"Ryoko too… well, barely. She doesn't know how to control herself. If she did, she could be so much more powerful." Washu sighed. "Um, Tsunami? Did Tokimi give you a box?"

"A gold one, yes, to give to Sasami. You too?"

"I was to give a gold box to Ryoko."

"Did you?"

Washu said after a long pause, "No."

"Neither did I."

"Tsunami, do you know what's up with Tokimi?"

No answer.

"Tsunami?"

"Washu, Tsunami," Tokimi greeted all of a sudden, appearing on Washu's left side. Her presence was indescribable. She was there as a person yet she was omnipresent. It was…weird.

Washu turned to look at her, narrowing her eyes. "Perhaps you can tell me what's up with you, she requested sarcastically.

"Our trinity is in danger as you probably presumed," Tokimi answered in an even voice. "Anyway, I just wanted to make sure that our creations will be safe."

	"Sasami," Tsunami nodded.
	
	"Ryoko," Washu sighed.

	"And my own," Tokimi ended the list.

"Who is your own?" Washu asked suspiciously.

"She's been around longer than any of yours have," Tokimi replied. "Anyway, I want them all safe. If they do die…"

"For what cause?" Washu interrupted. "What's in it for you?"

"Do you always have to presume something is behind what I say?"

"I have no reason not to.

Tokimi looked Washu in the eye and studied her for a while. After a long paused, she seethed, "You didn't give Ryoko the box. Why?"

"It's not right."

"Washu, when you cleared Ryoko's mind, there was this problem about getting around a certain cloud. Do you know what that cloud represented? It was from the Dark Lord. She has been marked and she is probably one of his first victims."

"What are you talking about?"

"If you don't give her that box, she will most probably die."

"No, I refuse to do it. It won't help her, it will destroy her. All that power is too much for her to handle. She'll loose her human side."

"That's another situation!"

"Don't you get it? Once she looses her human side, we'll never be able to get her back!"

"We? You must be mistaken."

"How dare you!"

"You insolent…"

"That's my adjective!"

"What?"

"Forget it.

"Give her the box, Washu!"

"Never!" 

"Fine! I'll give it to her."

"Stop fighting!" Tsunami cried. "Tokimi, Washu's right. We can't give it to them."

"You didn't give it either," Tokimi steadied her voice.

"No," Tsunami admtted.

"Will you?"

"No."

"How do you expect to protect Sasami this time, Tsunami?" Tokimi asked.

"I don't know."

Tokimi threw her hands up in the air in defeat. "I don't know what to do with you," she growled and disappeared from the scene.

"That went pretty well," Washu commented.

*     *     *     *     *

	Aeka thrust the accelerator forward. She could barely see where she was going through her teary eyes. She ignored Tenchi.

	"Aeka, open this door!" Tenchi banged on the entrance. He begged, "Aeka, please!"

	"Go away, Tenchi," Aeka's voice quavered. "Leave me alone!"

	"Aeka!" Tenchi yelled. "You don't understand!"

	Aeka's hand slowly rose over the teleport button. Shivering, she closed her eyes and pressed it. Then everything was silent. Aeka couldn't hear Tenchi anymore or Ryoko's soft side comments. No other life form was on the Magame except her.

	"Oh god," Aeka sobbed, breaking down in tears as Tenchi and Ryoko's kiss played over and over in her head. Normally she would have gotten angry at Ryoko for seducing Tenchi, but Tenchi was the one who kissed her. *He hasn't even kissed me,* she thought.

	To think she thought Tenchi loved her. To think she had thought Tenchi would understand her feelings. To think, she came to him, hoping he'd listen to how terrible Ryoko, Red and Kiyone were talking about her. To think it ended like this.

	"This is all Ryoko's fault," Aeka declared to no one in particular.

	Aeka stared at the coordinates of the Magame. Kiyone had set it for the Soujia II. The meeting she had called was probably all about rescuing Mihoshi.

	*I'll rescue Mihoshi myself,* Aeka thought. *Tenchi will love me for it. But what if I die…*

*     *     *     *     *

	"Great, you're here!" Kiyone smiled as Tenchi, Ryoko and Washu appeared. "I have something important to say… where's Aeka?"

	"She's kind of…" Tenchi started.

	"Never mind. We'll inform her later, but we're going to save Mihoshi and check out the Soujia II. Tenchi, I can't let you come on this mission. Neither can Aeka."

	"Why?" Wahsu asked, surprised herself. She didn't have this coming. A mission like this without any Juraian power was crazy.

	"Look," Hakusana explained, "me and Kiyone have talked this through. Our third priority is saving ourselves. Our second priority is destroying Scorpion Saito and our first priority is to keep the Juraians safe."

	Ryoko snorted. "It's a little late for that."

	Kiyone stared at her uneasily. "What do you mean?"

*     *     *     *    *

	"Waiting for someone?" a man's voice cut through the silence in Tsunami. Emperor Asuza looked at his daughter from the screen.

	"Well, papa, it certainly isn't you," Sasami replied coldly, closing the journal. She blushed in embarrassment. "Sorry."

	"Sure you are. What are you doing out there, Sasami? I just found our you left without my consent."

	"I'm still in Jurai, aren't I?" Sasami sighed. "Aeka's in trouble."

"That is not your concern."

"It is my concern! She's my sister," Sasami practically, exploded in an exasperated tone. She knew this would happen. Her father was very angry. She could see it in his eyes. 

Yet, he remained calm. "Being there won't help."

"You don't know that."

"I want you home, now. Your mom is frantic."

"I'm sorry if you disapprove but can't you understand that I just want to be me. I don't want to keep living like this."

"You don't want to be a princess of the Juraian Empire? You don't want to be my daughter? You have your responsibilities Sasami, now come back home."

"Being a princess creates part of me too. But that's not the only thing I am. You know papa, Tenchi doesn't look at me like I'm a princess. He looks at me like I'm actually a person and treats me as a friend… not as something that might break. That's what we all see in him. But you won't have that, would you?"

Silence. "No," Asuza finally admitted.

"There's so much I have to be. Can't I just be the way that I am? I don't want to be just a part of some empire." She turned away, flushing. "Well, thanks for listening, anyway."

"Okay," Asuza answered in an even tone. "I still don't approve Sasami, but fine. If that's what you really want, you may stay there. I will let you have the choice."

"Thank you so much, papa. Give my love to mommy."
 
The screen disappeared and silence fell over Tsunami again. Slowly, Sasami took the journal and went back to the Mercury tower.

*     *     *     *     *

	"Ryo-ohki? Can you hear me?"

	"Ryoko?"

	"You're okay! Listen, Ryo-ohki, we'll be there soon. You hang on, alright?"

	"I'll try. What's taking you so long?"

	"Aeka's trying to save Mihoshi by herself but we're coming after her, and you and Mihoshi. I'll get you back. I promise."

	"I know you will, but that's not what I'm worried about, Ryoko. It's you."

	"Me?"

	"Yeah, you feel so depressed. It's not Tenchi is it?"

	"He turned me down flat, Ryo-ohki! What do you think?"

	"He did?"

	"You mean you didn't' know?"

	"I did, kind of. It wasn't too clear. Something's blocking our communication somehow. I don't know. So, are you going to give up on him? I don't think you should."

	"Oh, I'm getting tired of this roller coaster."

	"So let me get this straight: you're chickening out on a roller coaster? You know something Ryoko? Ever since Tenchi came to the cave, you changed beautifully. If it's not Tenchi, you have to hang on to whatever made that change. Am I making any sense?"

	"Kinda, but I get your point. But I don't want to stand in the way of his happiness."

	"Since when did you start thinking about others aside from yourself?"

	"When I befriended Akari, I guess I found the good side of me."

	"Who's Akari?"

	"Never mind. Anyway, Ryo-ohki. Maybe you're right. We are sticking around for a while, after all."

	"Let me get one thing clear though. If her still doesn't love you after this whole Desumitsu thing, we're gone, deal?"

	"Deal. I'll try to get him to see things my way, no matter how hard it is. All these problems and all this time is worth it, you know. And after that kiss, is he worth it!"

*      *     *     *    *

	Madake woke up suddenly. The room had gone red. The pink light generated from the crystal was disappeared and there was this deafening noise. Worse yet, Sasami was gone.

	Then it dawned on Madake instantly. "It's happening again," he cried, running for the chest. No journal, but the crystal was still there. Taking his staff, Madake will the chest to float.

	The door flung open. Sasami yelled, "What's happening?"

	Madake ran to her, bringing the chest with him. He yelled back, trying to be heard over the noise, "Thank god you're safe! I think it's happening again. The mercury tower phenomenon. We gotta get out of here!"

	"No, we can't leave!"

	"We already have the journal, the crystal and our lives! Let's go before we loose any!"

	"No, something may be hidden in here! Something that might save us from…"

	"Or someone."

	"What?"

	"It's Shizuka, Sasami! While I was sleeping, I think I saw him! He was trying to say something about the crystal! I think he was trying to warn me too about the phenomenon!"

	"You're delusional! Why would Shizuka go to you?"

	"We can always come back, Sasami! Sorry, but this is one thing I can disobey you on! Live now, fight later, as they say!"

	"No! What if this tower collapses?"

	"It survived a few billion years! Why collapse today?"

	"I just have a feeling…" Sasami screamed as a huge block of rock fell centimeters away from her. "I knew it! It's collapsing?"

	"Impossible! How?"

	"It's angry that we've stepped foot in here, or something. And we've learned so much!"

	"Angry? What are you saying Sasami? That this tower is alive?" He paused and looked up as the whole roof crashed over them. Buried in rock, Madake and Sasami fell to the floor.

*     *     *     *     *

	Tsunami fell to the floor.

	"Tsunami!" Washu screamed, rushing to her side. "Tsunami, what's happening?"

	Tsunami squeezed Washu's hand, trying to bear the pain that had befallen on her. Blood started to drip from her head.

	*Blood?* Washu thought. "Tsunami? Talk to me! I'm right here! Don't do this to me! Wake up Tsunami! Damnit, computer, what's happening to her?"

	"Lady Tsunami is experiencing pain that does not come from her but from another. It is not of this realm, yet is here all the same," the computer answered.

	"What is that suppose to mea…" Washu cut herself shrot. "Oh, god, Sasami!"

	"Washu!" Tsunami finally gasped, coughing up blood. "She's dying! She's dying, Washu."

	"Who's dying? Tell me Tsunami! Is it Sasami?"

	"I can see her," Tsunami bit her lip, tears streaming down her cheeks. "I can feel her pain. She's hurting so much. Oh Washu, she's so innocent."

	Washu sat motionless beside her sister, not knowing what to do. "Where's Tokimi when you need her?" she growled.

	"Washu," a ghostly voice filled her head.

	Washu dropped Tsunami's hand and sat up straight. Her eyes stared out like a zombie. "Shizuka," she answered automatically.

	"It only takes three," he whispered. "You must fight as one." Then he vanished like he was never there.

	Washu shook herself out of her daze, then looked at Tsunami again. She was sitting up now. "Wha-wha-what happened to Sasami?" Washu asked, still shaken from the vision of Shizuka.

	Tsunami stared at her, appearing to be in a daze herself. Then, still staring at Washu, she disappeared from the realm.

	Washu sighed, guessing what happened. *Oh well, we're not meeting with Tokimi anytime soon,* she thought as she started to teleport back into the real world. *Not while Sasami's dead.*
--------------------
End of Chapter 16