Disclaimer: All characters herein (aside from Roric Tak) are not mine; they 
belong to other people, whose 
names I don't know. I thought that I should just stick this in here to make sure 
I don't get sued. This fanfic 
is for private use only, please E-Mail me if you want permission to post it 
elsewhere. 



				Episode I: The New Guy

	Pin-pon!
	Roric stepped back from the door, holding his suitcases to either side. 
The cool, crisp mountain air felt good on his tired body, and the gentle wind 
ruffled his t-shirt and loose jeans. His autumn-gold hair brushed his forehead, 
and his glasses slid down his nose, making him feel rather awkward for some 
inane reason. 
	It had been a very long day for Roric Tak. He had taken an overnight 
flight to Japan in a very shoddy plane, and trying to find a cab in Tokyo took 
him nearly five hours. But he felt he had finally hit it big when he walked up 
the steps of the Masaki home.
	He waited. He waited and waited and waited. Finally, he was greeted to the 
sound of thumping and crashing behind the door, followed by a curt "Ryoko, stop 
it!" The door opened soon after that. 
	"Hey, Tenchi," Roric said with a grin. He had been pen pals with this guy 
for almost two years, so they knew what the other looked like. "We finally meet 
in person."
	"Roric from Maine," Tenchi, held out his hand. "Glad to finally see you. I 
didn't know you wore glasses."
	"We all have our limits, I guess."
	"Come on inside. You're staying in my room until the extensions to the 
house are done. Oh, and pay no attention to the drunk woman passed out on the 
floor."
	Roric blinked. "Beg pardon?"
	"That's Ryoko, the one I wrote you about," Tenchi looked a little 
crestfallen. "When she gets drunk, she gets violent. Not that she isn't already 
violent. But anyway, come on."
	The interior of Tenchi's home was very nice, opening up first into the 
genkan, with the stairs to the right, the living room to the left, and the back 
door way at the end. It smelled nostalgic, like noodles and sweat, and that 
smell brought goosebumps to Roric's arms. He felt that he had smelled it before, 
but just couldn't place it.
	"Come on," Tenchi was already halfway up the stairs. "Jii-chan and the 
girls went shopping with Dad, so they won't be back until late. I guess Sasami 
will have to make quick ramen again..."
	"Girls?" Roric asked quizzically as they topped the stairs. "Sasami? You 
never wrote about those."
	"I didn't?"
	"Not that I remember, no."
	"Not about Washuu, Sasami, Mihoshi, any of 'em?"
	"That's a big N-O, Tench."
	"Tench?"
	"It's just a nickname I came up with."
	Tenchi grinned. "Well, maybe having another boy my age in the house will 
relieve some of the pressure," He said as he opened his door. "All these girls 
just hound me all the time. Mostly Ryoko and Ayeka. Be careful around them, 
Roric. They can be dangerous when they want something."
	"I see."
	"Just set your suitcases on the bed. I hauled up an old dresser out of 
storage, so we'll put your clothes in there."
	Roric complied, and began taking out his things, most of which consisted 
of jeans and t-shirts, his favorite mode of dress. He had a few long-sleeved 
shirts and a turtleneck as well, but those were just in case it got REALLY cold. 
In the mountains of Japan, he supposed, it could get a bit nippy. 
	A very strange thing happened then. A small creature, closely resembling a 
cat mixed with a rabbit, leapt through the solid wood door, hopped across the 
carpet, and deposited itself directly on Roric's foot. 
	"Neow?" It looked up at him.
	"JESUS HAROLD CHRIST!" Roric recoiled, dropping his shirt on its head. He 
backed up 
against the wall and pointed one slender finger. "What is that thing?!"
	"Ryo-Ohki," Tenchi picked up the creature. "Don't go scaring the new guy, 
okay?"
	"Wait...that is Ryo-Ohki? The family pet?"
	"Yeah. She's a cabbit. She's also Ryoko's ship."
	"Ship?"
	Tenchi blanched, and put the cabbit down. She hopped happily from the 
room. 
	"I think I need to explain all of this. Slowly." He gestured to the bed. 
"Sit down. This is going to take awhile."
*			*			*			*		
	Several hours later.
	"You're joking, aren't you?"
	"No joke, Roric. Watch."
	Tenchi held out one hand. What seemed like a large, glowing beam appeared 
on his palm, which further solidified into a sword. He spun it with expert 
grace, and it vanished into thin air.
	"Holy Mary Mother of God," Roric pressed a hand to his forehead. "This is 
just too much to comprehend. Why didn't you tell me sooner, Tenchi?"
	"I guess..." He laughed, rubbing the back of his head. "I got so used to 
it that it didn't seem important. You'll still stay here, though, won't you? It 
didn't hit you too hard, did it?"
	He took a moment to process all this new information sitting silently on 
the edge of the bed with his head cradled in his hands. All this new 
information.and somehow it didn't surprise him that much! He felt like he truly 
belonged here, as if he was a part of this motley bunch of space misfits and 
royalty. Tenchi had explained everything in complete detail, and Ryo-Ohki sat on 
his lap, purring quietly. He reached down with one hand and stroked the cabbit's 
fuzzy back. With a shaken, yet pleasant laugh, Roric gently placed the small 
animal to one side, and stood up. He stuck his hand out,
	"Let's finish unpacking, okay?"
	Tenchi grinned. "I'm glad you see things my way.
*			*			*			*
	It was almost dark when Katsuhito returned with the girls in tow, carrying 
bags of groceries and clothes. Roric stayed at the top of the stairs, feeling 
rather nervous in the presence of so many women. Back home, several of his 
friends were real players with the ladies, womanizing several at once, but it 
seemed that Roric had always been the odd man out. He leaned his arms on the 
rail, and waited in silent anticipation.
	"Hey, everyone," Tenchi walked down, his hand on the banister. "How was 
the shopping?"
	"Fine," The purple-haired girl said as she elbowed the blonde in the ribs. 
"Except that this peon embarrassed us at the diner."
	"Hey, it wasn't my fault that table had weak legs," The blonde said.
	A teal-haired little girl looked up at Tenchi with wide pink eyes. 
	"Is your pen-pal here yet, Tenchi?" She asked. 
	"Yeah, he is," Tenchi grinned, and looked back up the stairs. "C'mon, 
Roric! Come meet 
everyone!"
	He stepped down the stairway, feeling an enormous surge of trepidation. 
His hair bounced as he landed on the bottom on both feet, eyes lowered, hands at 
his sides.
	Katsuhito nodded. "He's quite a looker, isn't he, girls?"
	Roric blushed.
	"But he's not as cute as my Tenchi," Ryoko materialized on Tenchi's left 
shoulder, and wrapped her arms around his neck. "Come on, darling give me a 
kissy-poo, huh?"
	"Chew off, will 'ya?" Tenchi said with some annoyance.
	Ayeka stormed from the small group, and slapped Ryoko upside the head. 
What resulted was a mighty brawl that proceeded into the living room. Roric 
rubbed the back of his head in wonder.
	"Healthy, aren't they?" He remarked blandly. He was suddenly approached by 
Sasami and 
Mihoshi, who gazed at him with wide-eyed wonder.
	"Wow," Mihoshi said dreamily. "I've never met anyone from the U.S. before. 
Where are you 
from?"
	"What do you do?" Sasami asked at the tag-end of that question.
	"How old are you?"
	"Slow down," Roric waved his hand, smiling faintly. "In reverse order, I'm 
seventeen, I work as an aide for my Tai Chi instructor, and I live in Bangor, 
Maine."
	"Blood type O," A boisterous voice came from behind him. "Height, 5'10'', 
weight 202.3 lbs, in excellent physical condition...perfect for my next 
experiment!"
	Washuu popped up from behind him, gazing up into his eyes. "Hello there. 
My name is Washuu, but you can call me Little Washuu! Would you like to be a 
test subject?"
	"Say no!" Tenchi wailed from the flurry of feet and fists that raged in 
the living room. 
	"Eh, thanks all the same," Roric took a step back, straight into Mihoshi.
	"Come on...you know you want to!"
	"Uh...no. Thanks."
	He moved rather pointedly away from the tiny woman, and turned to speak 
with Mihoshi and 
Sasami.
	Dinner that night was sashimi and soba noodles. Roric had eaten enough 
Chinese take-out to use chopsticks with fair proficiency, and didn't make too 
much of a fool of himself come mealtime. The food was delicious, as Tenchi had 
promised him. Speaking of, the young Masaki had bruises and bandages all over 
his body from his involvement in that little brawl. Ryoko and Ayeka glared at 
each other from across the table. 
	"This is great, Sasami," He complimented. The little girl blushed. 
	"Thank you, Roric," She responded. "I did my best."
	"So, Mr. Masaki," Roric turned to Katsuhito. 
	"Just call me jii-chan," The old man said with a wave of his bony hand.
	"All right...jii-chan. What goes on around here? I mean...what are we 
going to be doing 
tomorrow?" He picked a load of soba from the dish, and slurped it up.
	"Well..." Yosho scratched his chin. "Mornings are dedicated to chores. 
With another person here, everyone's load gets a little lighter. Tenchi works in 
the carrot fields, then trains with me for a few hours. Ayeka, Mihoshi and Ryoko 
do the laundry and clean the house. Sasami cooks all the meals, and 
Washuu...well, she doesn't really do anything. You'll sweep the leaves outside, 
then replace part of the banister that rings the house."
	Roric nodded once.
	"By the way, you said you study in fighting arts?"
	He nodded, and bowed. "Yes, sir. I'm a practitioner of Tai Chi Chuan, the 
Ultimate Fist. I worked as an aide for my instructor back home."
	"You'll have to tell us all about your home when you get settled in," 
Mihoshi put in. It seemed as if she couldn't take her eyes off the young man for 
a second. She had her hands clasped under her chin, and she wasn't eating.
	"Yeah..." He blushed faintly. It made him feel rather uncomfortable.
	"Well," Nobuyuki sipped his tea, and placed his cup down. "I certainly 
hope things get a little easier for my son now that another teenage boy has 
shown up!"
	He laughed mightily.
*			*			*			*
	The sun shone down on the Masaki household brightly that morning, and the 
entire household was up early. At the break of dawn, Roric girded himself in a 
loose white tank-top shirt and long denim shorts, leaving his glasses on the 
edge of Tenchi's dresser. He walked down the stairs, parted ways with his 
friend, and stepped out the shoji door into the sunlight.
	He felt rather nice as he swept the walkway. The sun was warm, the leaves 
were green and pink, and the faint sound of birds chirping calmed his muscles. 
He clutched the straw broom in both hands, and swept the leaves into a small 
pile that burned on the ground. Sasami, on her way to the shed, waved to him. He 
waved back. 
	He looked up at the sun. It was still early yet. He could probably help 
the girls with the laundry before he headed off to train with Tenchi and jii-
chan.
	He blew out a contented sigh. The next two years would be great.
	 

End of Episode I: The New Guy
Episode II of the Eden Chronicles will find the new protagonist Roric in a few 
tight spots indeed. Mihoshi won't take her eyes off the boy, and Yosho wishes to 
fight with him! What will the outcome be? Trouble in the baths as well, as 
Tenchi and his friend are caught "peeping"! And Katsuhito makes a chilling 
discovery! Next time on The Eden Chronicles Episode II: Finding a Niche!
