				The Eden Chronicles
			     Chapter V: Garden of Tranquility

	"It's amazing how angry he is."
	The entire family watched the suspended form of Roric, who floated freely 
in a tube of water. The water seemed to be glowing a light red color, and every 
so often the skin around his broken ribs would move a bit. Washuu was keying in 
commands on her holographic computer as she spoke.
	"He's asleep," She went on. "But just look at him."
	Sasami turned concerned eyes up to the floating boy. He was dressed only 
in a pair of black trousers, and his eyes were closed. His eyelids were gently 
vibrating as his eyes zipped back and forth beneath them. His fists clenched and 
unclenched even as he slept.
	"What's going on?" The little girl asked. Ryo-Ohki pressed her hand 
against the glass of the tube, the other gripping the front of her smock. Her 
golden eyes were glistening and saddened. "Why is he so...angry?"
	"He doesn't quite know it himself," Tenchi whispered, gazing at his 
friend. His eyes also shone with some sort of unbound rage. "But he loves 
Mihoshi. I don't think he's realized it himself yet."
	Katsuhito folded his bony arms. "Have you found out what it was I sensed, 
Washuu?" He asked.
	"I found something," She said as she kept on typing. "But I can't be sure 
what it is. It's something in his Psycho-Layer Pattern that has a biological 
lock on it. I can't get anything from it without destroying my systems, but as 
far as I can tell, you were right about the inversion of Tsunami's power."
	She turned her red-eyed gaze to the young man. "That kid is an absolute 
nexus. He's got...something inside of him that defies everything I've ever heard 
of. The sheer thought of Tsunami's power being switched around is just...mind 
boggling."
	"But what is this about Gear being your son?" Ayeka looked thoughtful.
	"Quite simple. Kagato and I worked alongside each other for several 
hundreds of years. Naturally, we decided to follow our instincts a few times, 
and Gear is the result. Kagato raised him aboard the Soja, and I'm under the 
impression that he's holding a grudge against Tenchi for killing his father."
	Meanwhile, as they spoke, Roric's mind raced with thoughts of Mihoshi. He 
was reliving the kiss they shared, was feeling the boiling rage that had begun 
to flower within him. His eyes slowly slid open even as that scratchy, youthful 
voice began to speak to him.

	You're awake.

	....yeah...
	
	You okay?

	Why can't I hear what they're saying?

	It's a soundproof capsule. They're talking about you. If you haven't 
guessed yet, you're a different sort of person, Roric. There's a power in you 
that equals the energy Tenchi wields. Part of it is the spear.

	Tatsuyari?

	That's the one. It's name means 'Dragon Spear'. It was forged on Jurai 
several millennia ago, at about the same time as the Master Key, Tenchi-Ken. The 
creator was trying to prove that a weapon could be powerful without the 
influence of the Goddesses. It's been in Tsunami's care, waiting for you to 
wield it.
	
	....me?

	Get your act together, Roric. It's time to go.

	The capsule around the young man cracked and buckled outwards, and the 
water and glass shards vanished in mid-air. Roric dropped to his knees, holding 
his aching gut. Ryo-Ohki was immediately at his side, nuzzling his face with her 
cheek and purring in an appeasing fashion. Roric patted her on the head and 
hummed a few notes of 'Sukiyaki' to her before rising, dripping wet, from the 
remains of the capsule.
	"When do we leave?" He asked dangerously.
	Washuu grinned, waving her hand in front of him. In no time at all, his 
clothing was replaced by black jeans and a black turtleneck. Tatsuyari dropped 
into his waiting palm.
	"Right now," She said. "How do you feel?"
	"Like I got hit by a truck," he said, eyes narrowed. "But I don't care. 
Tenchi, are you ready?"
	Tenchi stepped up next to him. As he did so, it was as if he passed 
through a wall as his purple Juraian battle gear adhered itself to his body. He 
nodded stoically. 
	"Let's go get them back," He said, the Light Hawk Sword shimmering into 
his hand. "Let's make Gear pay for this."
	"Roric," Kiyone loomed stern. "Bring Mihoshi back safe, all right?"
	"You have my word," He smiled a bleak, determined smile. "Here we go. 
Whenever you're ready, Washuu."
	She nodded, and waved her hand in front of her keyboard. In a flash, the 
two boys were gone. 

*		*		*		*		*		*

	They emerged in a large, white room in which a low pitched hum could be 
heard. Tenchi took a step forward, eyes intent as he gazed around.
	"Let's go," He said after a time. 
	They moved from the small white room into a long hallway. This hallway 
further led into a large, domed chamber, about as large as a football field's 
length in all directions, including upwards. At one end of the room was a large 
staircase that climbed up at a sharp slant. At the top sat a large white throne, 
upon which Gear idly played with his sword. Mihoshi and Ryoko hovered to either 
side, eyes fearful. But they seemed to light up as the two boys entered, ready 
for battle. 
	"Roric!" Mihoshi's voice rose in an almost aching relief. 
	"Tenchi!" Ryoko breathed with a smile.
	"It took you two long enough," Gear spun the blade as he rose from the 
throne. 
	"What do you want?" Tenchi pointed the Light Hawk Sword. "Give them back 
to us, you bastard!"
	"I want one thing, my dear prince of Jurai,"
	He pointed.
	"You two. To die."
	He once more moved with deadly swiftness. Roric held forth the haft of 
Tatsuyari, catching the blade. Gear's foot shot out, slamming sharply into his 
shin. With a cry the young man pitched forward as Tenchi dashed in, executing a 
disabling cut. Gear swiveled on his heel, caught the blade with his own, and 
struck the young Masaki with an open hand. With a rush of escaping air, Tenchi 
was sent back into the wall, slumping down.
	"Tenchi!" Ryoko called his name desperately, helpless against her unseen 
bonds. 
	As Gear turned with a laugh, the blunt end of Tatsuyari's haft caught him 
directly in the nose, pushing him back with the crack of breaking cartilage.  
	"You wanted us!" Roric was limping slightly as he stepped forward. "You 
got us! Eat this!"
	He struck repeatedly with the razor-edge blade of his spear. Red blood 
flashed into the air as he struck again and again, ending in a particularly 
fierce spin-cut that sent Gear off balance. He reeled for a few moments, and 
slammed his foot into the ground, sending out a blazing shockwave. Roric was 
pushed backwards, rolling a few times on the cold steel floor.
	"Stupid kid..." Gear wiped a stream of blood from his mouth. How dare you 
even think of striking me down?"
	He was cut off after a few seconds by a hard slash to the back. Tenchi 
shoved him forward with all the force in his body, sending him directly into the 
waiting butt of Tatsuyari. Gear blew out a gust of air, gripped Roric by the 
throat, lifted him into the air, and struck Tenchi with him. The two teenagers 
tumbled back in a heap. They had absolutely no time to recover before Gear 
crossed the distance and jammed his blade into Tenchi's leg, pinning it to the 
floor. 
	A scream of pain echoed from Tenchi's lips, and with a growl of rage Roric 
drove forward with his spear. Gear's arm left the sword and backhanded the 
weapon, sending it spinning away.
	"You've got nothing left, boy," Gear grinned as the spear landed several 
feet away. "Give up and die quietly, and I'll promise your precious police 
officer a quick death."
	Roric limped to his feet, holding one arm. It had been dislocated in the 
fall. He grunted in pain, forcing it back into place. His dark gray gaze flitted 
back to Mihoshi, who watched him with those eyes, those glistening blue eyes 
that made his heart ache with longing. He turned back to Gear, extended his 
hands, and eased his weight onto his forward foot.
	"Let's rumble, you bastard," He whispered.
	Gear laughed, reaching up to the clasp on the cloak. He removed it, 
revealing a green vest and green pants on his lanky frame. 
	Feel your strength, Roric thought to himself. Your grace is your means. 
Your speed is your method. Your power is your vessel. 
	He paused for a moment.
	Your love is your motive.
	Gear threw a crushing punch that was deflected by Roric's forearm and 
rolled away from his body. Gear recoiled quickly, sending a punch towards his 
knee, but his young foe's arm came down again, blocking with the inside. 
	Gear, however, had been ready for that. His leg shot forth, hooking ankle 
with ankle. He pulled Roric's leg out from under him, then kicked down into his 
other knee, sending him to the floor. Roric pushed his weight back onto one hand 
and rolled away, falling into position on one foot. He bent his entire body back 
onto one knee and held his arms wide, one hand forward, one hand back.
	He spun his arms like a blender as he approached, scoring an upward cut 
with the side of his hand to Gear's jaw, and ending with a resonating punch to 
his gut that sent him rolling backwards. 
	"Tenchi," He said, still gazing forward with spread hands. "Are you all 
right?"
	The sword had been pried from his upper leg, and he was pushing himself 
backwards, leaving a trail of blood.
	"I've...been better," He whispered hoarsely. "But...I'll be all right..."
	"You're both going to DIE!" Gear launched himself at Roric, his sword 
flying from the ground and into his waiting hand. The young man held both arms 
in front of his face as if to ward of the strike.
	"Roric!" Tenchi dashed to his feet, splashing blood on the smooth ground. 
His weapon was lifted high above his head, and brought down in a crushing, 
righteous blow.
	Gear's left hand was sent spinning away, tied to a ribbon of crimson 
liquid. The evil bounty hunter barely had time to cry out before the Light Hawk 
Sword was driven straight through his throat.
	The sudden silence was deafening. Roric held his wounded shoulder. 
Tenchi's face was twisted with effort. Ryoko and Mihoshi simply watched with 
awed eyes. 
	Tenchi grunted as he tore the sword free, sending Gear's bloodied and very 
dead body to the floor. He fell to one knee even as the Juraian battle armor 
fragmented and filtered from his body, leaving him in a green t-shirt and jeans. 
He was breathing heavily, holding his run-through leg. 
	"Washuu..." Roric whispered, helping his friend to his feet. "She should 
be able to take care of that. Let's...let's go get the girls back."
	He nodded with a weak grin. 
	Their footsteps echoed in the cavernous chamber as they ascended the 
stairs. Ryoko's eyes glimmered with unbound love when Tenchi limped to her 
suspended form and placed his hands on her waist. She dropped into his arms, 
wrapping her own tightly around his neck.
	"Tenchi..." She whispered as she clung to him. She began kissing his cheek 
over and over before pressing hers to it. "You came for me..."
	"I would rather die," He returned, hugging her as best as he could with 
his battered body. "Than lose you again, Ryoko."
	"Mihoshi," Roric came to a stop in front of her. Mentally, he cast his 
thoughts to the disembodied voice in his head.
	
	How do I set her free?

	The same way Tenchi did. Touch her and pray for the bonds to be broken.

	Right.

	He closed his eyes as he placed his hand on Mihoshi's waist. As Ryoko had 
done, Mihoshi threw herself onto him, crying openly and squeezing his body. He 
returned the hug, letting all his feelings of tense anger and futility slide 
from him like a loose garment. 
	"Roric..." She sobbed into his shoulder. "Never...never leave me 
again...please..."
	"Never, Mihoshi," He whispered, stroking the springy locks of autumn gold 
hair. "I'll never leave you again. We'll be together, always...just you and 
me..."
	He also noticed with a wry feeling of detachment that he was crying as 
well. 
	It was one of the most beautiful moments in his life.
	It didn't last long.
	Tenchi grunted as he and Ryoko were pushed back by some sort of invisible 
force. The young Masaki wrapped her protectively in his arms, preparing himself 
for the forceful slam into the wall. He slumped down with blood dribbling from 
the side of his head. Ryoko fell onto him, likewise unconscious. 
	"What the...?"
	Roric turned just in time to see a silvery tentacle about two feet in 
diameter whistling towards him. The pointed end of the appendage drove directly 
into his chest, right beneath his sternum. The sound of bone and skin shredding 
could be heard as the tip of the silver object protruded from his back.
	He coughed an amazing amount of blood onto the floor.
	"RORIC!" Mihoshi dashed for him, only to be subdued by another of the 
tentacles. She was whisked away and Roric, struggling to move against the 
amazing pain in his body, followed the path she took.
	And there was Gear in all his glory. 
	His eyes were insane, wide and bloodshot. His mouth was twisted into a 
grin of madness, and bloodied fangs protruded from over his eyeteeth. His body 
was wrapped in wires and tentacles, sparking with electricity, holding him to 
the floor. One side of his face was pulled out of proportion, and blood was 
leaking from that eye. He laughed a high, evil laugh as he lifted the wailing 
Mihoshi over his head. 	
	"Die..." He cackled insanely. "Die...die! Die! DIE!"
	The tentacle began to push deeper, widening the wound in Roric's chest. He 
grunted, coughing even more of his lifeblood on the tentacle and the floor. 
Golden hair flecked with sweat, dark gray eyes narrowed, teeth clenched.
	Tenchi.
	Ryoko.
	Mihoshi.
	And himself.
	They were all going to die. 
	He was filled with a great and terrible rage as he came upon this 
conclusion. His weakened hands gripped the tentacle that pushed deeper into his 
mortal wound, and he ground his teeth together.
	What could he do?
	Nothing.
	He was useless.	
	USELESS!
	"DIE!" Gear began to squeeze Mihoshi's body. She whined under her breath, 
gazing at the impaled young man at the top of the stairs.
	"Miho..." Roric whispered. Emerald flickers of energy began appearing 
along his arms, legs and body. It was as if some wind were emanating from the 
floor, moving his hair in a gentle breeze. He lowered his head, eyes flashing 
green, gray, green. "Mi...Mi...MIHOSHIIIII!"
	The gentle glow intensified into a supernova of green light, surrounding 
him in a globe of pure force that completely vaporized the tentacle in his body. 
Gear screamed with pain as he withdrew the charred stub of his metal appendage.
	"You...?" He rasped, still holding Mihoshi tightly. "What the Hell are 
you?"
	But Roric was gone. 
	Standing in his place was a young man that looked to be the same age, 
wearing a green vest and wide-legged zubon pants of the same hue. His hair was 
spiked, forest green and unruly, and draped behind him in a long, jagged 
ponytail that reached well past his ankles. His slender face-Roric's face-was 
scarred and youthful. Both arms were bandaged from the elbows to the knuckles in 
green boxing wrap, and in one hand he carried an eerily gleaming Tatsuyari. 
Etched on his forehead were the Kanji characters that spelled the Japanese word 
for 'traveler': RYOKAKU.
	"I'm going..." This new boy whispered in a deadly voice. "To kill you, 
Gear!"
	His entire body once more glimmered with a harsh green light. The emerald 
boy launched himself from the top of the stairs, shattering the ground beneath 
him. He spun Tatsuyari as he descended, cleaving the tentacle that held Mihoshi 
hostage. The Galaxy Policewoman dropped onto her rear, gripping her shoulder 
with fear and awe.
	"R-Roric?" She asked hoarsely. 
	"Close," He said with a cocky grin. "I'll explain later. Right now, just 
sit back while I take care of this bastard."
	Gear coughed as he tried to back away, his entire body sparking with 
short-circuiting wires. His look was one of absolute horror.
	"Don't come near me..." He squeaked. "Stay away!"
	The green boy lowered the spear and closed his eyes. His forest-colored 
hair began to flutter and rise, and his clothing began to ruffle. The spear in 
his hands pulsed a bright green color, filling the room with it's soft light. 
	"Time to meet your maker, Gear!"
	He charged, driving the spear point between his foe's eyes, pushing the 
blade straight into his head. Ruby blood spilled in rivulets down the insane 
bounty hunter's face to stain the floor. The crackle of electricity intensified, 
and the entire room was filled with yellow sparks. 
	The explosion of the Battlecruiser Eden lit up the blackness of space.

*		*		*		*		*		*

	Roric opened his eyes with a groan. He seemed to be floating under water 
in an endless sea of blue. He could breath, though, and it was like some sort of 
euphoric bliss. He reached up and pushed his hair away from his eyes. Then he 
saw her.
	Mihoshi was floating freely not to far away, eyes closed as if she were 
sleeping peacefully. Her hands were crossed over her chest, and she had a faint 
smile on her face.
	Roric called her name, but it made no sound. He simply willed himself 
towards her, and his body began to move through the water towards hers. He 
cradled her in his arms, and stroked her hair back with one hand.
	"Mihoshi," He didn't say her name, merely thought it in the recesses of 
his mind.
	Her eyes slid open.
	"Roric," Her mouth didn't move, and her voice had a peculiar echo to it. 
"Where are we?"
	"I don't know..."
	"Roric."
	"...yeah?"
	"I love you."
	He could feel the heat rise in his face, but something was pushing him to 
say the same to her. He knew it in his heart as surely as he knew the sun would 
rise and that the sky was blue. His hand drifted from her hair and gently 
caressed her cheek.
	"I love you too, Mihoshi."
	They leaned towards each other and gently kissed, spinning and floating in 
this enchanted world between earth and sky.

*		*		*		*		*		*

	They awoke simultaneously, arms wrapped around each other and foreheads 
pressed together. Roric smiled a wistful smile, and realized off-handedly that 
they were sprawled together beneath the spreading leaves of Funaho. 
	"Not a dream?" he asked after a few moments.
	Mihoshi's eyes glimmered with unspoken love. "Not a dream," She whispered.
	Not too far away, Tsunami and the green-haired boy watched the scene 
unfold. 
	"How are Tenchi and Ryoko?" The boy asked.
	"Sleeping soundly. I always wondered when you would show up, Ryokaku," 
Tsunami said with a smile. "What took you so long?"
	"Hmm, mighty inquisitive, aren't we, sis?" Ryokaku leaned on Tatsuyari 
with a proud grin. "I had to wait for Roric. He was the only one in the universe 
who's spiritual wavelengths exactly matched mine."
	"So...the pen-pals, the trip to Japan...all so Roric and Tenchi could 
meet?"
	"No...so Roric and Mihoshi could meet."
	Tsunami looked surprised. "My dear brother," She said with a grin. "Are 
you telling me that the Wandering God has a romantic streak?"
	"I had to do a bit of nudging," Ryokaku admitted. "They both liked each 
other as soon as they saw one another, but it would have taken too long 
normally. A few strings here, a little tug there, and a lot of manipulating 
Washuu's experiments."
	"Please don't make a puppet out of our sister," Tsunami wrapped one arm 
around her brother's shoulders with a fond smile. "So does this mean you're 
going to leave Roric's body?"
	"If he keeps up his training in Tai Chi Chuan," Ryokaku looked far-off. 
"He'll eventually be able to call me whenever he wants to. I've touched him with 
my power now, and no matter what happens, he'll be at least as strong as Tenchi 
is now."
	"But you're forgetting...Roric will be leaving in another year and a half. 
Mihoshi and Roric will be separated, and that may end up killing them both now 
that they love each other so much..."
	"Ooh..." Ryokaku looked a bit concerned. "I'll have to look into that. But 
whatever will happen will happen, right?"
	"Mihoshi..." Roric sat up, turning his eyes to the sky with a grin. "Let's 
go back to the house, okay? And check up on Tenchi and Ryoko."
	"Sure," She took his hand tenderly. "We'll go together."
	They rose from beneath Funaho and began to make their way towards the 
Masaki home, side by side, hand in hand.
	As they had always wished to be.

End of Chapter V: Garden of Tranquility!
All has been said and done. All this time, Roric has been harboring the soul of 
Tsunami's brother Ryokaku. He and Mihoshi have come together, and peace has 
returned to the Masaki residence. But Tsunami has a point. Roric will leave 
soon, and when he does, how will the rest of the family react?
The conclusion will decide everything in the Eden Chronicles-Epilogue: Love You 
Forever.
