				The Eden Chronicles
			    Chapter IV: A Night on the Town

	"He's waking up."
	With a small groan of pain, Roric opened his eyes. Washuu's face hovered 
over him, and she seemed to be examining him silently. Ryo-Ohki was on the other 
side, her tiny arms folded with concern, and her little face contorted into an 
expression of worry. 
	"There he is," Washuu grinned, and backed off. The entire household was 
clustered behind her, including Tenchi, who had a bandage on one cheek and 
athletic tape wrapped around his torso. He winced a little with a grin. Sasami 
smiled mysteriously. She was holding the Naginata in her hands.
	"Welcome back to the land of the living," Tenchi said. "You all right?"
	"What...happened?" Roric asked weakly. His arms and legs felt absolutely 
drained from that one small attack he had implemented. He sat up, pressing a 
hand to his forehead. He felt like he was going to vomit. "Did I pass out...?"
	"After you drove away those two weirdoes," Ryoko leaned on Tenchi's 
shoulder casually. He winced again. "What happened, anyway?"
	"I guess I was just tired..." He tried to sit up, but Washuu pushed him 
back down. "Is everyone all right?"
	The little scientist grinned. "Yep. All thanks to you. I contacted Kiyone 
and Mihoshi, and they'll be here momentarily. Do you think you can get up and 
move around?"
	"Yeah..." He sat up successfully this time. 
	Everyone turned to leave, but Sasami stopped, turned around, and handed 
the spear to Roric. She stretched up on her tiptoes and gave him a child-like 
kiss on the cheek.
	"Tsunami says hello," She whispered, and scampered out of the room, 
leaving him alone with Ryo-Ohki. The little cabbit-girl meowed, and scrambled up 
onto the side of the bed. She snuggled up into his lap, and fell asleep.
	Roric smiled quietly. 

	"RORIC!"
	He was just coming out of Tenchi's room when Mihoshi, wearing her GP 
uniform, nearly swept him off his feet in a flying hug. Her arms were thrown 
around his neck, and her cheek was pressed against his, soaking it with tears. 
She was bawling comically in his ear. Kiyone, who was standing at the top of the 
stairs, smacked herself in the forehead.
	"Mihoshi, you bubblehead," She mumbled. 
	"Roric! Roricroricroric!" She pulled back and looked at him with huge, 
wiggly eyes. "I heard what happened, are you okay? Goodness, you're not hurt or 
anything, are you? How do you feel? Can you hear me okay? Roric, say something!"
	"I...would...if...you'd...stop...shaking...me...Mihoshi!"
	She hugged him tightly again, blubbering like a baby. He winced.	
	"I'm all right, Mihoshi. Just a little sore," He patted her head with one 
stiff arm. "You don't have to be so...tight."
	She loosened her grip-but only slightly. Her tears began to fade a little.
	"You're sure?" She sniffed heavily. 
	He winked. "By the way, Mihoshi, before I forget..." The young man took a 
step back, and bowed formally. "Would you be so kind as to accompany me on a 
date into Tokyo?"
	The silence was deafening. Kiyone face faulted down the stairs. Mihoshi's 
arms loosened from Roric's body, and she took a slow, bemused step back. The 
floorboards beneath her feet groaned quietly. 
	"I'd...I'd love to..." She half-whispered.
	Roric felt as if some tremendous weight had been lifted from his 
shoulders. He grinned with a wistful sigh.
	"All right then," He said quietly, backing away nervously. He could feel 
his face start to heat up. "I guess...I'll see you then, okay?"
	"Y-yeah," She likewise backed up, only to follow Kiyone down the stairs in 
a heap. From the bottom came the sound of repressed giggling, and the sounds of 
skipping feet. For the second time that day, Roric smiled quietly. He turned on 
his heel and walked down the hall.

*		*		*		*		*		*		

	"Who the HELL was that kid?"
	Gear stormed down the hallways of the Battleship Eden with Axis close 
behind. His dark eyes were set in a picture of annoyance as he threw open the 
door to the control deck, where several servitor androids were working the 
controls. He strode up to the bridge, and gripped the rail with white-knuckled 
fists.
	"How the hell did he manage to break my energy sword with just a plain old 
spear?" Gear asked to nobody in particular. "Not even that brat Tenchi could do 
that! I'm going to make those two pay six hundred times over! Tenchi for slaying 
my father...and that boy for humiliating me!"
	Axis cleared his throat nervously, adjusting his mechanic's hat. "If you 
don't mind my saying, sir, you miss Master Kagato, don't you?"
	"Of course I do, you dolt! He was my father! And as for my mother..." He 
growled a deep, guttural growl.
	Axis shivered. Those two boys were seriously in for the full brunt of 
Gear's rage.

*		*		*		*		*		*

	"What are you doing, anyway?"
	Roric didn't respond as he wrapped a brown cloth around the ancient spear 
that Sasami and Tsunami had given to him. The weathered, aged blade had old 
Japanese scrawled along the side of the blood trough that read; Tatsuyari. 
	"Those guys that attacked yesterday," Roric responded as he fastened it 
closed. "Were obviously after you in particular. They could attack again at any 
moment, and I want to be ready."
	Tenchi was buttoning up a white shirt, and he then turned the collar down. 
"Aren't you going a little overboard, though?"
	"Maybe. But I don't want to be as useless as I was in the last battle. So 
just let me do this, all right?"
	Roric rose to his feet, crossed to Tenchi's bed, and pulled on a white t-
shirt. Over that, he donned a sturdy, blue denim jacket, and examined himself in 
the mirror. The effect combined with his blue jeans made him look pretty good, 
he thought. 
	Tenchi pulled on his blazer, and folded it up a little at the sides so it 
looked formal, yet relaxed. They stood in the mirror together, and grinned.
	"Well..." Tenchi took a deep breath. "Ready?"
	Roric nodded with a nervous smile. "As ready as I'll ever be."
	They descended the stairs with trepidation, taking each step with a 
growing sense of exhilaration. Standing at the foot of the stairway were their 
dates. Ryoko was modestly dressed in a knee-length blue dress and a yellow 
blouse with a white kerchief tied around the collar. She had her hands clasped 
in front of her with a tiny, triumphant smile. Tenchi blushed faintly.
	Mihoshi was wearing a white, tight-fitting skirt and a white blouse 
beneath a blue blazer, with a purse slung over her shoulder. Her golden hair was 
done up in a ponytail. She was wearing lipstick and mascara and, all in all, 
looked lovely. Roric sniffed the air. She was wearing lilac perfume. The Galaxy 
Policewoman placed both hands on the sides of her face, and giggled with a very 
pronounced blush.
	Ayeka was standing near them with an indignantly regal expression on her 
face. "I must admit I'm surprised, Miss Ryoko," She said. "You managed to look 
half-decent, and you haven't mauled Lord Tenchi like an angry golfer just yet. 
What IS the matter with you?"
	Ryoko giggled, and blushed deeper. "I get a date with Ten-chi..." She sung 
half-to herself.  The young Masaki simply blushed deeper as well.
	"We ready to go?" Roric asked, slinging the spear over his shoulder.
	"Have a nice time," Sasami waved at them as they opened the door and 
stepped down the porch. Ryo-Ohki, still in her child form, waved from beside 
her. "Don't stay out too late!"
	"Thanks, 'mom'!" Roric yelled with a friendly grin. "Wow, she can be so 
parental sometimes..."

*		*		*		*		*		*		

	They arrived at the restaurant "Aoi Tsuki" later that evening. It was sort 
of a combination of a bar and a diner, and the sign above the door said 'karaoke 
night' in large, bold letters. Roric and Tenchi held the double-doors open for 
their dates, who nodded with smiles and entered the diner. 
	"So far so good," Roric whispered to Tenchi as they entered behind Mihoshi 
and Ryoko.
	They took a seat next to the small platform that housed a portly, middle-
aged man and a karaoke machine. The waiter came by to take their orders, and 
left them with four glasses of water.
	"Well," Tenchi said nervously, tugging on his rat-tail. "We're here, we've 
ordered. How is everyone doing tonight?"
	Silence. The tension was clear.
	There was a cacophonous roar as the man on stage stepped down. Ryoko 
tugged on Tenchi's arm, pointing at the stage. She had a kittenish, schoolgirl 
look in her wide golden eyes as she spoke to her date.
	"Tenchi," She said cheerily. "Let's sing!"
	"What?!" 
	"Come on, don't be a little wussy boy, Tenchi!"
	"What the...? Let go of me! I said let go!"
	Mihoshi and Roric sipped their water with wide eyes. 
	The song began with Ryoko gazing upward with glittering eyes and Tenchi, 
looking rather distraught, scratching his head. When the music started, Ryoko 
nudged her friend with her hip, and began singing in a surprisingly beautiful 
voice. Tenchi joined in shakily, but gradually began to solidify his voice. 
Together, they actually sounded pretty nice.
	"They're good," Roric commented. Mihoshi sat next to him, twiddling her 
fingers.
	"They sure are," She responded, walking her fingers through a small ring 
her water glass had left. "Excuse me, Roric. I have to go to the bathroom."
	Roric watched her go with an oddly detached feeling. She looked almost 
disconsolate as she made her way between the tables towards the bathroom. The 
young man sighed, and turned to watch Tenchi and Ryoko finish their song.
	"Good job," He remarked to a blushing Tenchi, who had Ryoko clinging 
fiercely to his arm. "I didn't know you guys sang that well."
	"Neither did I," Tenchi admitted with a faint blush. Roric noticed wryly 
that he wasn't making any attempt to disengage Ryoko from his arm. "But all's 
well that ends well, right? Where did Mihoshi go, anyway?"
	"To the bathroom," He responded.
	"Don't count your chickens before they're hatched," Ryoko grinned as she 
pointed towards the stage. "Look."
	Roric turned his eyes towards the stage.
	And there, in all her glory, stood Mihoshi.
	He could feel his body slacken, and his jacket hung loosely from one 
shoulder, but he didn't care. Her beauty kept him completely focused. The way 
the light played across her bronzed skin and wheat-gold hair made his heart ache 
with some sort of longing he had never felt before. 
	And as she opened her mouth to sing, it was as if a siren had descended 
from on high. 

"Ue O Muite...arukou...namida ga kobore naiyouni...
Omoidasu, haru no hi,
Hitoribotchi no yoru...

Ue O Muite...arukou...nijiinda hoshi O, kazoete...
Omoidasu...natsu no hi,
Hitoribotchi no yoru...

Shiawase wa kumo no ue ni...
Shiawase wa sora no ue ni...

Ue O Muite...arukou...namida ga kobore naiyouni...
Nakinakara...aruukuu...
Hitoribotchi no yoru...

Omoidasu...aki no hi...
Hitoribotchi no yoru...

Kanashimi O hoshi no kage ni...
Kanashimi O tsuki no kage ni...

Ue O muite...arukou...namida ga kobore naiyouni...
Nakinakara...aruukuu...
Hitoribotchi no yoru...

Hitoribotchi no yoru..."

	Mihoshi leaned away from the microphone as the last of her sweet notes 
echoed in the vaults of the diner. There was a moment of pin-drop silence 
followed by thunderous applause and several whistles from some of the obviously 
single men. Roric could only blush as he fumbled to wipe fog from his glasses.
	"Thank you," Mihoshi bubbled, bowing over and over to the crowd. "Thank 
you so much!"
	Roric's hands rather giddily found each other, and he, too, began to clap.
	Mihoshi sat next to him with a look of pride on her face. Tenchi flashed a 
grin across the table at her, tapping his fingers on the smooth, polished 
surface.
	"So, Mihoshi..." He said musingly. "Why were you staring at Roric the 
entire time you were singing?"
	She giggled with a blush, but said nothing.
	Dinner passed uneventfully, but the four of them had a marvelous time. 
Mihoshi once more looked worried when they went over the details of the fight 
between the Masaki Household and the crew of the unknown ship called Eden. Ryoko 
didn't even eat, merely hugged Tenchi's arm. Tenchi just blushed and picked at 
his food with a tiny smile. And Roric spent most of the time with his hand on 
the table next to Mihoshi's. As conversation was flung back and forth, their 
hands inched their ways towards each other. 
	Roric took a deep breath, and was about to place his hand on Mihoshi's, 
when Tenchi stood up with a grin.
	"Let's take a walk through the park, okay?"
	"What?" Roric jumped a little. For one evil, flaming instant, he hated his 
friend for interrupting a task that required so much iron will.
	"I like the idea!" Mihoshi shot out of her chair. "Come on! Let's go, 
let's go!" 
	Roric had no choice as he was bustled out of the diner. He turned and 
threw a few Yen on the table for a tip as he was ushered out the door.
	They emerged onto the sidewalk, and crossed the street to a small, 
forested park that lay on the other side. The moon was peeking through the trees 
with it's own stoic light, and the streetlights were just flickering on. Tenchi 
had at last relinquished himself to Ryoko's ministrations, and the two held 
hands, walking close to each other. The young Masaki had an oddly contented look 
on his face, and Ryoko looked serene as she brushed her fingers along a cherry 
blossom.
	"Kinda mushy, isn't it?" Roric whispered to Mihoshi as they walked a 
little behind. He pushed his glasses up on his nose.
	"I like it," Mihoshi slowed down a little more, and Roric was forced to 
compensate. Ryoko and Tenchi drifted further away. "Tenchi has been a little 
slow when it comes to girls. Now he's finally starting to see the light."
	"Don't you like Tenchi?" The young man ran a hand through his hair.
	Praying that her answer would be what he hoped.
	Mihoshi stopped dead in her tracks. Her face had turned a faint shade of 
pink, and her enormous blue eyes suddenly seemed to glisten. She lowered her 
head with a tiny giggle, poking her index fingers together.
	"Well...you see..." She giggled again, lowering her head a bit more. 
"There's...kind of somebody else that I like...and he's...y'know...hee hee..."
	"Mihoshi?"
	The night was silent. Mihoshi's eyes slowly rose to meet his. Roric could 
feel a knot in his stomach, and his throat was suddenly very dry. A few crickets 
began to chirp, and fireflies flittered from the bushes, making the entire path 
shine like some ethereal fantasy world.
	The young man took a deep breath, trying to calm the frantic beating of 
his heart, which he was sure she could hear. He took a step forward, bringing 
himself barely three inches from Mihoshi.
	"Hey..." He placed his hand gently on her cheek. Somewhere in the back of 
his head, he heard a voice that told him to kiss her. But...he just couldn't 
find the courage...

*		*		*		*		*		*	

	Washuu grinned as she surveyed the goings on from her place in the bushes. 
All was going exactly as planned, but it looked like the blond-headed kid could 
use a little boost. She waved her hand in front of her holographic computer, and 
began keying in commands.
	"Time to make a little romance," She whispered with an evil grin. Fangs 
and all.

*		*		*		*		*		*

	He gasped as his feet were lifted clean off the cobblestone path. Mihoshi 
also left the ground, and she wrapped her arms around his waist with a faint 
whimper. Roric protectively enclosed her in a loose embrace. Tatsuyari  spun 
from his grasp and stuck point-down in the stones of the path.
	The two of them were enclosed in a gentle, radiating aura of deep blue. 
Roric looked first one way, then the other as they hovered about a foot off the 
ground.
	"What..." He whispered. "What's going on?"
	Mihoshi placed her hand on the side of his face and turned his eyes back 
to meet hers. Her face was dead serious, eyes a warm, glistening blue. Roric 
could feel his face heat up.
	"Roric," She was whispering as well.
	"Y-yes...?"
	"Can...can you..."
	His breath caught in his throat. As much as it had surprised him, being 
suspended a foot in the air in a gentle blue flower of energy seemed suddenly 
and incredibly romantic. He swallowed heavily even as the whispered words left 
her lips.
	"Can you...kiss me?"
	His entire train of thought screeched to an absolute halt. 
	Washuu, meanwhile, was grinning like a demon. 
	Roric had always wondered what it would be like to kiss a girl. Never once 
in his life had he been that close to somebody, not even for a moment. When 
their lips met it was as if all sound and all doubt flushed from his body.
	For one brief instant all motion stopped. The birds stopped chirping, the 
wind stopped blowing. The trees and grass melted away into blackness. There was 
nothing in the world.
	Nothing but the two of them. 
	He barely registered the fact that they had touched the ground. Mihoshi's 
mouth was glued to his, and her arms tightened around his shoulders. As they 
stepped away from each other, her eyes were half-closed, her mouth barely open, 
and a look of profound truth in her eyes.
	"I've wanted to do that," She whispered. "Since I first saw you..."
	He couldn't say anything, merely nodded in response.
	Mihoshi's face slowly flushed, becoming a picture of girlish 
embarrassment. She suddenly began to giggle, and hopped about in a small circle, 
hands on her glowing red cheeks, eyes closed.
	"My first kiss!" She squeaked. "Hee hee hee..."
	
Roric!

	The young man suddenly stumbled back, gripping the shaft of Tatsuyari for 
support. Mihoshi turned her wide blue eyes to him with a look of concern. 
	
Who...who are you...?

Get ready, Roric! Gear is headed your way!

Gear? Who the hell is Gear?

	"Roric?" Mihoshi gripped his upper arm. "Are you all right?"
	"This is so amusing!" A new voice sounded from down the path. The white-
haired fellow from the other day was slowly making his way down the stones of 
the street, glowing green energy sword in hand. Roric ripped his weapon from the 
ground and spun it skillfully, snapping it into position at his hip. Mihoshi 
began fumbling through her purse for her blaster. "How touching. I hope I'm not 
interrupting anything."
	"You must be Gear!" The young man spread his stance.
	"That I am, boy. And you must be the kid who so humiliated me not too long 
ago."
	"Gear!" Washuu, to everyone's surprise, had stepped from her hiding place. 
"What are you doing on Earth?"
	"Ah, mother!" The man clad in green held his sword forward. "So nice to 
see you again!"
	"M-mother?" Mihoshi had finally retrieved her weapon, and held it trained 
at the sword-bearing man. 
	Washuu's face had hardened to stone.
	"Cut the crap!" Roric raised the spear, spun it once, and charged. "Shut 
up and fight, you bastard!"
	"Very well."
	He had no time to react. Gear's form blurred as he closed the distance 
with impossible speed. His knee found the young man's gut harder than Yosho's 
ever had. He doubled over, only to have the heel of Gear's palm strike him in 
the jaw. With several grunts of pain he rolled backwards down the path to slam 
into the trunk of a tree.
	"What are you doing?" Washuu pointed her hand. A bright crackle of red 
energy flared from her palm, striking her son full in the face. When the smoke 
cleared, however, he was untouched and smiling.
	"I took the liberty of having Axis design me a barrier that negates the 
energy given off by the Goddesses. Your feeble powers won't work on it, mother."
	"Dammit," She swore under her breath.
	"But MINE will work on YOU and your friends!" He cackled as he raised one 
hand, sending a great green beam straight for the recovering Roric.
	With the sound of crackling electricity the beam was diverted. It sailed 
to the left, leaving a great smoking crater and burnt trees. Tenchi, wearing his 
full Juraian battle gear and carrying the Light Hawk Sword in one hand, knelt in 
front of his friend, clutching a bleeding hand. 
	"Th-thanks..." Roric rasped, smiling through the blood dribbling from the 
corner of his mouth. "Tenchi..."
	"You owe me one," The young Masaki grinned, then turned back to Gear. "But 
we'll talk about that later. We've got something to do, first!"
	"Taking out the trash!" Roric rose to his feet, readying Tatsuyari. 
	"How tedious," Gear yawned. "Axis. Get them."
	Gear's form shimmered and vanished. From above, Axis dropped directly into 
the path. The greasy mechanic wore some sort of metal frame that clung tightly 
to his skinny body. In one hand he carried a gigantic firearm, which he had 
trained right at them.
	"Washuu," Tenchi whispered softly. "Mihoshi and Ryoko...get them out of 
here."
	"I'm staying," Ryoko materialized next to Tenchi, holding her energy 
sword. "I don't care what..."
	"Nobody is going anywhere!" Gear had appeared behind Mihoshi, and wrapped 
one arm around her waist, subduing her hands. Seizing this opportunity, Axis 
also dashed forward and held fast to Ryoko.
	"Roric!" Mihoshi wailed as she dropped her blaster. 
	All four of them began to shimmer and blur, then all at once, they 
vanished.
	"Ryoko!" Washuu and Tenchi wailed in unison.
	Roric's eyes narrowed, and had one been paying attention, one would see 
his gray eyes flash a momentary and bright green color. He dropped his spear and 
clenched his hands at his sides. He, too, began to vanish, but reappeared 
moments later along with Axis. They were suspended in mid-air, Roric clinging to 
the mechanic's leg. Ryoko was nowhere to be seen. 
	"Bring them back NOW!" 
	With a mighty heave, Axis was sent plummeting into the ground. Roric 
landed next to his spear and gripped it tightly in both hands.
	"If you want to see them again," Axis sneered as he pointed his gun. "Go 
up to our battleship, the one called 'Eden'. Come alone, just you and the Crown 
Prince of Jurai. Gear only wants you."
	Several shots were loosed at the trio remaining. Washuu dove for the 
bushes whilst Roric and Tenchi split ways. Roric spun his spear and drove 
forward, ready to drive the point straight through Axis' throat. The mechanic 
turned and bowled him over with strength that was almost inhuman. He turned on 
his heel and sent a blistering kick into Tenchi's face. Both parties were 
sprawled on either side, Roric with ribs that were clearly broken, and Tenchi 
with a bleeding nose. 
	"God...dammit..." Roric rose on one knee, and pressed a hand to his broken 
ribs. 
	"Roric..." Tenchi glanced at him, holding the Light Hawk Sword in both 
hands. He nodded discreetly. 
	
	He's trying to tell you something.

	Like what?

	Attack at the same time.
	
	I'll get creamed!

	I won't let you, Roric. Just close your eyes...and let me into your soul.

	Even as those strange words echoed in his head, his hands tightened on the 
haft of Tatsuyari. His body began to emit a soft, gentle aura of green, emerald 
power that simply blazed from him. Tenchi's body had as well begun to give off a 
faint blue glow. 
	"Now, Roric!"
	"Let's do it!"
	The two dashed for each other in unison, and for one brief, shining 
instant they were side by side, facing opposite directions. And then it was 
over.
	Ruby blood stained the grass as Axis' head bounced away. 
	Roric's stomach began to churn as the stench of blood and death rose about 
him. There were two thoughts running through his head at the moment.
	He had just killed a man.
	Mihoshi was in danger.
	The latter outweighed the former.
	Roric turned back to the crouched figure of Washuu, standing tall despite 
his wounded ribs.
	"Send..." He whispered hoarsely. "Send me up there."
	He let out a deep breath, falling back into the grass.

	Good job, Roric. You can sleep again.

	I won't rest until Mihoshi is back...with me...


The end of Chapter IV: A Night on the Town!
The stakes have risen greatly, and bounty is forgotten as Gear's rage escalates 
into all-out madness. It's up to Tenchi and Roric to storm the Battlecruiser 
Eden and rescue Mihoshi and Ryoko! Can they make it inside, much less save their 
loved ones? Chapter V will reveal the mysterious power that resides in Roric, 
and all questions will find an answer in the blackness of space. It all comes 
down to the wire in the next chapter of the Eden Chronicles. Chapter V: Garden 
of Tranquility!
	
 


