===========================================================================
Tenchi Muyo: Empathic Odyssey 
By Chris Carlson
Email Address: eric.e.carlson@worldnet.att.net
===========================================================================
Hail to all Tenchi fans! This is my first Tenchi fanfic to be published 
on the net. I have written other ones but couldn't get them on a fan fic 
supporting web site. This fan fic takes place during the TV series. 

This fanfic is about how Kiyone gets a visit from a man of her race 
telling her that she is a dormant empath and he wants to help her 
release her potential. He gets invited to stay and begins to train 
Kiyone but later they become to get very close. I wanted to write this 
story because the writers over at Pioneer won't give Kiyone a break from 
being beat on and strung full of bad luck. Also this gives her a chance 
to be one of the powerful characters in the Tenchiverse.  

Description of Darrian: Very tall, has tan hair with two sections of 
hair curled in a half moon shape on each side of the forehead. Green 
eyes and a very muscular body.
 
On a legal note all characters, cabbits, and certain blue haired 
goddesses are copyright of Pioneer Entertainment. On with the story!
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 1: A stranger's call
 
        On a bright and early morning near the Masaki residence, Kiyone 
was doing her usual workout. This included martial arts, target 
practice, and the usual physical weight lifting. Sasami was preparing 
breakfast as usual for everybody before they woke up, Sasami made the  
traditional tea and miso soup. Just as she was about to pour the first 
cup that was on the table, Sasami heard a knock on the door. "Now who 
could that be at this early in the morning?" She thought to her self. 
She walked over to the sliding door and opened it. There she saw the 
tallest man she had ever seen in her life. (He's 6'3. What can I say, 
it's Japan.) "This is the Masaki residence. What can I do for you?" She 
said in a cheerful but content tone of voice due to the man's 
intimidating size and overshadowing physical persona. "I am looking for 
detective Kiyone Makibi, is she here?" Sasami hesitantly said, "Um, 
yeah! Just follow me, she's not far away."
        Sasami walked out he sliding door and guided the man over to 
where Kiyone was practicing round house kicks on a hanging sand bag near 
the back of the house. "Thank you very much I can handle it from here." 
The man said in a kind voice. Sasami smiled at him and went back around 
the front of the house to finish cooking. Mean while the man was 
watching Kiyone throw punches and kicks at the sand bag, apparently not 
knowing he was there. "You know if bring your foot up a few more inches 
you can gain more leverage on your target." He said causing Kiyone to 
turn around. "Huh? Who are you?" Then immediately she noticed the black 
headband around his forehead like the red one on hers. "I see you are of 
my race. What is it you want with me?" 
        "Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Darrian Brell from the 
House of Z'yon. I am here of great importance concerning you." Looking 
confused Kiyone said, "What do you mean?" 
        "Perhaps we should go inside." Kiyone nodded and the two went 
around the front and into the house. By that time pretty much everybody 
was awake and wondering who this stranger was. Darrian sat Kiyone down 
on the couch and began to explain about his reason for being here.
        "Kiyone, what I am about to tell you may be of a shock but our 
scientists back on the homeworld have discovered that our kind is on the 
verge of a evolutionary change." Still confused Kiyone said "What kind 
of change?" By that time every body was listening to the conversation. 
"They have detected that in certain blood types that one out of every 
million is subject to a empathic conversion and you have been selected." 
Right there every gasped. "You mean I'm an empath?" 
        "Not yet. The gene that controls it is still dormant but that is 
the reason that I am here. I and many others have been specially trained 
to use our brains to activate that dormant gene." Kiyone was trying to 
contemplate herself as an empath. Then Washu began to ask, "I don't get 
it. How can you activate the dormant gene with your brain if your not 
an--" Then she realized the obvious. Darrian was a empath as well. 
        "Yes I am an empath. I have been training for months now honing 
my skills in telekinesis and telepathy. Now I am ready to teach others 
with the gene in how to use it also." Tenchi then said, "Well your 
welcome to stay here if you want. I can see that this is very 
important." Darrian accepted and told Kiyone that she should get some 
rest before starting her training.

Chapter 2: Initiation

        The next day Darrian had brought down his ship that he 
teleported down from. Every body helped him unpack and move into 
Kiyone's room. As usual Ryoko was flirting around Tenchi. This time more 
than usual because he had his shirt off from working so hard. "Hey 
Tenchi! Maybe I should take my shirt off too. I've been working hard 
also." She then attempted to take her shirt off. Tenchi started to turn 
red with embarrassment then Aeka came in and bitch slapped Ryoko in the 
head while she was half way from being topless. "What kind of a slut are 
you? We have a new guest here!" Rubbing her head from where it got hit 
Ryoko put her clothes back on and said, "You shouldn't have done that. 
You messed up my hair!" Ryoko began to collect energy in her hand to 
from an energy bolt while Aeka started to gather Jurai energy and form 
the wooden pillars that use that power. "I don't see how it could get 
messed up any more. You already look like a Tarkalian hedgehog!" Just 
about as they were to attack each other, a six foot tall wall of fire 
sprung up between the two and then suddenly extinguished. They were 
stunned in what just happened. "Please, no fighting before I get my 
morning coffee." Darrian said as he lowered his hand while about to sip 
a cup of java." Both amazed at what he just did Aeka said, "How did you 
do that?" After putting down his coffee Darrian simply said, "I use my 
emotions."
        Ryoko and Aeka both looked where the fire sprung up and there 
was nothing to indicate that a fire had occurred. Ryoko said, "Hey, what 
gives?" They looked up again and Darrian was gone. Later that night 
Darrian was organizing his clothes into a chest that he had brought from 
his ship and into Kiyone's room. Then Sasami walked in, "Hi Darrian! 
What'cha do'in?" Smiling at her he said, "Oh I'm just checking I have 
every thing." He moved some clothes out of the chest and reveled a box 
painted green with brass framing. Sasami asked, "Ooh, what's that?" 
Darrian pulled out the box and opened it. It had glowing transparent 
ball with a holographic morphing geode inside. "This is a Radilex 
Trigimatrix." He explained. "What does it do?" Sasami asked. "Well, it 
supposedly shows you if your mind is at peace. If the geode inside forms 
a block, then your mind is quite and at peace. If you are under a lot of 
stress the geode will disperse and fall apart." Looking at it Darrian 
handed it to her. When she held it the geode formed a perfect square and 
flashed with colors. "Wow, that shows you're at peace and extremely 
happy!" Sasami smiled as she looked at the sphere. "What do you need 
this for?" Sasami asked. "Well, I need it to make sure my mind is in 
check. If I get too much stress my mind can be very destructive." Sasami 
handed the sphere back to Darrian. "Thank you Darrian!" She kissed him 
on the cheek and went out of the room. "Cute kid." He thought
        "Dinner time!" Nobuyuki yelled through out the house. Every body 
ran down stairs and sat at the dinner table. Sasami had prepared rice, 
noodles, and cabbage as a vegetable. "Boy this sure is good, my 
compliments to the chef!" Darrian said. Sasami blushed. "You know, 
tomorrow I should barabque some hamburgers just so I can return the 
favor for all this great food." Tenchi looking puzzled, "What's a 
barbecue?" Laughing Darrian said, "Oh yeah I forgot, that's native to 
the western continent of this planet. I'll show you tomorrow." 
        "Darrian are there any side effects to being and empath?" Kiyone 
asked, "Well at first there may be seizureing from the brain making 
changes in it's chemistry but as it settles they will go away." Looking 
seriously worried Kiyone yelled under her breath, "What? How serious are 
these seizures?" 
        "It depends on how powerful of an empath your going to be. But 
don't worry since I'll be right next to you when they occur you'll have 
nothing to worry about. They only happen in your sleep." Looking a bit 
relieved Kiyone went back to eating. Later that night Darrian prepared 
to activate the gene in Kiyone. He sat her down on a ceremonial tapestry 
native to their homeworld in the family room of the house. Darrian 
placed his hands on Kiyone's forehead and closed his eyes. A blue aura 
began to from over his and Kiyone's head. All of a sudden a flash flood 
of pain and dizziness overcame Kiyone's mind, causing her to topple over 
on the floor. Tenchi and the others ran over to help her up but Darrian 
halted them saying, "No, you must not interfere." He picked Kiyone up, 
carried her upstairs and tucked her in for the night.

Chapter 3: Training   

        The next morning Kiyone began to open her eyes and start to feel 
a sense of deep perspective in her surroundings. She looked around 
wondering how she could feel things not within her reach like the 
curtains on the wall which were ten feet away. Then Darrian looked over 
her head. "Hi, looks like you came through without any complications." 
Kiyone began to sit up while Darrian helped her. "I feel weird. My mind 
is constantly having to refocus it's self." After getting up Darrian 
held Kiyone's hand while he guided her out of the room. They went down 
the stairs and in the family room only to see no one around. "Where is 
everybody?" She asked. "I told them to give you some space. So they went 
about to do their chores." The two went into the kitchen to get some 
breakfast. "How about I fix some French toast and tea. To celebrate your 
new abilities." Looking confused, "What is--French toast?" 
        "It's a bread dish native to this planet again most common to 
the western continent." Laughing Kiyone said, "Boy you sure are addicted 
to Earth food." Smiling Darrian said, "Yeah, well I guess I get it from 
my lineage." 
        "What do you mean?" Kiyone said, "My mother is human but my 
father is Ratixian (The name of their race.) I grew up in America but 
constantly went back and forth to the home world to learn about my 
father's race."
        "How did your parents meet?" 
        "My father was a Galaxy police officer and crashed here on Earth 
after being shot down by a criminal. My mother took care of him since 
she was living near where he crashed. During his recuperation they fell 
in love and my father sent out a signal that said his ship was destroyed 
and he was dead."
        "They got married and had me a few years later."
	Kiyone was astonished by Darrian's story. He cooked breakfast and 
the two of them sat down and began to eat. "So Kiyone how come you 
wanted to become a Galaxy Police officer?" 
        "Well, I suppose their wasn't anything out there that interested 
me as in jobs so I decided the only way I'm going to see the universe 
without worrying about breaking laws is be a cop." Darrian smiled 
saying, "Hmm a typical adventurer." Annoyed Kiyone yelled, "What is that 
supposed to mean?!" She then stood up and clinched her hands in anger 
not knowing that she was breaking the table in half with telekinetic 
energy. All of a sudden Darrian stood up and yelled, "Detective! Get a 
hold of your self." Finally realizing what she had done she sat down and 
lowered her head. "My you are a powerful one indeed just on a little bit 
of anger you cracked an oak table. I see this is going to take a while 
longer to focus your abilities." Looking upset Kiyone said, "I'm sorry, 
it's just that I hate it when people knock my hard work in getting to 
where I am." Darrian put his hand on her shoulder mentally telling her 
to get up. Kiyone had a tear in her eye "It's okay I didn't mean 
anything." He said softly looking into her eyes. When Kiyone stared back 
it gave her a feeling of comfort and security. She wrapped her arms 
around Darrian and put her head in his chest. He responded by holding 
her gently, smiling. They stayed like that for a few moments and then 
released. The sliding door opened and Tenchi came in wiping sweat off 
his forehead looking where Kiyone and Darrian were. "Auaaaaah! What 
happened to the dinner table?!" Kiyone looked a little embarrassed but 
Darrian finally said, "Sorry Tenchi. Kiyone lost control of her powers 
and kind of --well --broke your table in half." Looking at Kiyone's 
innocent looking face he lost his anger and finally said, "Don't worry 
about it. My dad can go and make a new one." Tenchi then headed upstairs 
to the shower. Kiyone and Darrian went outside and over to the dock 
extending out in the lake. The two sat down. "Okay let's start with 
telepathy. It's fairly easy and will become second nature once you grasp 
it. You have to talk in your mind and project it." Looking confident 
Kiyone closed her eyes and concentrated, opened her eyes and finally, 
(("Did I get it?"))(empath talk) Kiyone's words echoed inside Darrians 
head. He smiled, (("Perfect.")) The two practiced for about a half an 
hour then they decided to take quit. "Boy I'm getting a headache." 
Nodding in response, "Yes we kind of over did it didn't we. Let's go 
inside." They headed over to the house and went inside. Darrian went up 
to the bedroom while Kiyone dropped on the couch thinking to her self, 
"I had no idea thinking could be so exhausting." She then fell asleep. 

Chapter 4: Future glances

        The scene is filled with snow laid ground and dark clouds. A red 
glare is going across Kiyone's vision as she walks down a path in the 
woods. A red glare is flooding her vision as she stumbles and it 
suddenly goes black. Kiyone shoots up from where she was lying on the 
couch and gets up wondering what that strange dream was about. Then 
Darrian came up to her, "You okay? Your sweating a lot." 
        "Oh I'm okay I just had a weird dream." 
        "What was it about?" Kiyone told him from what she remembered. 
Snow and a red glare in her vision. He then noticed it was starting to 
snow. "Would you look at that." Kiyone notices it and smiles. Kiyone 
then heads up to her room while Darrian went into the kitchen. When she 
goes into her room there she sees Mihoshi, "Hey what are you doing in 
here?" Mihoshi turns around saying, "Oh hi Kiyone! I've been looking for 
you!" Grimacing her face Kiyone said, "What is it?" Looking a bit guilty 
she said hesitantly, "Well--you see- I - kind of broke this glass vase 
that was on your desk and -I wanted to--" Kiyone looked at the shattered 
remains of the vase that Mihoshi was holding and realized what it was. 
It was the present her parents gave her for graduation of the Galaxy 
Police Academy. "My-My graduation present!" Mihoshi interrupted her 
saying, "Oh it's okay we can glue it back together in no time." Kiyone 
felt like taking out her service pistol that she keeps in her closet and 
shoot Mihoshi where she stands. Instead she clenched her fists and 
stormed out of the room and out of the house. Darrian wondered what that 
was all about but nods it off. Kiyone walked down the path that lead to 
the shrine when she started to feel a pain shoot up her left arm that 
made it cringe. She started to grab her arm. "Wha-what the hell." She 
then stumbled to the ground going un-concious. Mean while Darrian was 
washing the dishes from breakfast. He started to wonder about what 
Kiyone said about her dream then he noticed the snow. "Kiyone said she 
had snow in her dream!" He thought to himself. Then he remembered that 
she saw red and then blacked out. He finally connected the two 
occurrences and he remembered her storming out of the house raging mad. 
Suddenly he realized what was going on. Kiyone had precognition. "But 
that means-" His eyes started to widen, "Oh my god." He dropped one of 
the dishes and ran out of the house. Sasami was sitting on the couch 
reading when he bolted out of there. "Hey what's going on?!" She yelled 
at him. Darrian hauled till her saw Kiyone's body on the snow bank along 
the path. He immediately checked if she was breathing. Nothing. Then he 
checked if there was a pulse. Nothing. With and extremely worried look 
in his face. He started to apply CPR, pushing on her chest. 
"One,two,three,four,five." He breathed then opened Kiyone's mouth and 
breathed are into it. Then Tenchi headed outside after being told by 
Sasami that Darrian had ran outside. He saw where Darrian was and what 
he was doing. "Oh god! What happened to Kiyone?!" Still pressing on her 
chest Darrian managed to breath out, "I-humph-don't know-huff- She's in 
some kind of-humph-cardiac arrest." Kiyone was still giving no response 
to the CPR. "This getting no where. Tenchi-huff- go into my room I have- 
huff-a gray box with two rectangles on it-huff-go get it!!" Tenchi 
immediately ran into the house and up the stairs. Sasami wondered what 
was going on, "Te- Tenchi what's going on?" He did not reply. He ray 
back down stairs with the gray box. Sasami decided to go with him. 
Tenchi got over to Darrian again and handed him the gray box. (By the 
way it's been 2 minutes since Kiyone collapsed.) Sasami began to cry 
when she saw Kiyone on the ground and Darrian pushing on her chest. 
"What happened to Kiyone?!" She said holding Tenchi, "I don't know." By 
then Darrian had opened the box and held two handled pads with 
electrical cords attached to them. He rubbed them together and placed 
them on Kiyone's chest. The box began to beep, beep, beep, beep. Darrian 
yelled, "Clear!" Kiyone's body spasmed and dropped. The machine beeped 
many times again. "Clear!" Kiyone spasmed then dropped. Darrian did this 
several times, Sasami held Tenchi crying in his arms. Looking extremely 
desperate Darrian took off his jacket and went back to CPR. After a few 
breaths he started to shake Kiyone's now pale body. "Breath dammit! 
Breath!" All of a sudden Kiyone inhaled deeply and began to regain her 
body color. She opened her eyes to see everybody around her. Darrian put 
his jacket on her and carried her in the house.
        Darrian carried Kiyone up to their room and set her down on one 
of the beds. Kiyone finally became councious. "Wha-what happened?" She 
said in a scared tone of voice. Chris loomed his head over hers. "Kiyone 
you had a very strong heart attack. From what I don't know. I'm gonna 
have Washu run a bunch of tests to see my it happened." Closing her eyes 
Kiyone said, "I know what happened. I should have seen it coming." 
Looking suprised, "Huh? What do you mean?" 
        "Ever since Mihoshi became my partner, I have been under 
constant stress from her screw ups. I guess the stress became too much 
for me to handle." Washu then came in the room with some medical 
equipment. "So you had a heart attack huh?" Darrian and Kiyone both 
looked at her with grinning faces. "You're right this is no time to be 
sarcastic." Washu hooked up a electric diode to Kiyone's chest and took 
some readings from it with a hand held data pad. After reading the 
results Washu said, "Well from what these readings say the attack was 
stress related." Kiyone looked down, "I knew it." Washu took out a hypo 
spray and injected Kiyone with it. There, that should keep the heart 
from having another attack from now on. However I suggest you stay away 
from any strenuous activity for awhile." Washu left the room then 
Mihoshi entered it with a tear in her eye. "Ki- Kiyone I'm sorry!" She 
ran over where Kiyone was and hugged her. "It's okay. Washu can probably 
restore it to new." Mihoshi smiled and left. Well I'll let you get some 
rest. Getting up Kiyone stopped him, "Wait." Darrian came back over. 
Kiyone bent up and kissed him on the cheek. "Thank you." Darrian smiled 
and went down stairs. Kiyone laid down and went to sleep. 
        When Kiyone woke up it was night time. She got out of bed and 
headed down stairs. A fire had been lit in the fire place and everything 
was peaceful. Tenchi was at the shrine, Ryoko and Aeka were looking for 
him and Sasami was cleaning up after dinner. Washu as usual was in her 
lab. But Darrian was no where to be seen. Kiyone went on to the patio 
and looked around. She then headed around the back where she does her 
workout and there she saw Darrian doing some martial arts moves not even 
she knew. He didn't have his shirt on but snow was evaporating off of 
his muscles. "I would sure like to know where you learned those moves." 
She said interrupting his kick, "Because there is no way in hell a 
civvie could know them." Darrian looked a little suprised, "Uh-wow, your 
out of bed so soon." He said nervously. She walked up to him with a 
serious look. "You were part of the Black Berets once weren't you?" 
Darrian grabbed a towel and walked toward her. "Yes I was, once. But 
that was years ago." He walked past her to go inside then she stopped 
him, "Why didn't you tell me. Why all the secrecy?" Darrian lowered his 
head. "Look, it's not something I'm proud of. I did a lot of unnecessary 
killing then." Kiyone lowered her tone of voice saying, "Look, it's what 
your trained for. You can't help it if it's not right." Darrian walked 
over to her and yelled in her face, "Don't you give me a dame lecture! 
You're just a detective!" 
        "Yeah and maybe if the Galaxy Police wasn't so screwed up I 
would be a Captain by now!"
        Kiyone's eyes began to tear from anger. Darrian lost the angry 
look on his face and said, "I'm sorry. Lets go inside." The two went 
inside while Darrian went to put a shirt on. Mean while Kiyone curled up 
on the couch and watched the fire. She remembered Darrian using his 
powers to get Ryoko and Aeka out of one their fights, could she have 
those powers too? If she did it would certainly change her career in the 
GP.