
	"Tenchi," a soft feminine voice said.

	Tenchi recognized the voice immediately. It belonged to a certain
Ryouko. Oh no, Tenchi thought, what did I get myself into by saying those
things earlier? He spun around to answer her, when he found that he had a
mouthful of water. The trouble was, his head was above water, and no one had
just splashed him.

	"Tenchi," a new but recognizable voice said.

	He saw the owner of that voice. It belonged to the angel. The angel
held out his arms towards Tenchi and his natural aura of light began to
glitter. Tenchi, who could no longer breathe, found himself reaching out for
the angel. So beautiful, Tenchi thought.



	In her lab, Washuu watched the lights went from red alert to blue
alert. Exactly 3.5 microseconds from manifestation by the old being that
Washuu was monitoring, Washuu had vanished from her lab. However, she did 
not
stop to check her remote sensors on Tenchi. His life signs were fading fast.



	In the kitchen, Sasami was happily chatting with Mihoshi as the two
cleaned the dishes. Suddenly, Sasami halted in utter fear and dropped the
dish she was holding. Simultaneously, Mihoshi grabbed her head and began to
scream. The dish hit the floor, fracturing into precisely 11 pieces, each
perfectly the same size.



                        The Magery Chronicles
                        Story IV: Empire's Dusk
                        Chapter 6: Arrival



	The angel floated above Tenchi, who was in a forced sleep in the
onsen. He was slowly drowning. The angel watched with fascination as 
Tenchi's
life force was slowly fleeing. Without warning, he teleported off to one 
side
just as three energy bolts pierced the space he had just left. Washuu stood
at their origin.

	Washuu ran over toward Tenchi and pulled him out of the water. She
then turned towards the angel, her emerald eyes glistening with sheer rage.
"Not today, Morning Star," she said slowly.

	The angel shrugged and grinned maliciously. "Whatever do you mean,
middle sister?"

	Washuu frown turned deeper. "You will not take him today, Morning
Star," she said.

	The angel scratched his chin thoughtfully. "So, you mean to tell me,"
he began with his evil grin, "that you don't want Tsunami's tool destroyed?"

	Washuu stopped short and considered her response. She grinned herself
and said, "It's bigger than you think, Morning Star. You are the one behind
on the times now."

	"Death is never late nor behind schedule."

	"You don't seem to understand. This isn't 100,000 years ago. These
people are actually close to Enlightment," Washuu said, her eyes never
leaving the angel's position.

	"Bleah," the angel said, sticking out his tongue in disgust. "You
two never wanted to admit it. At least Tenchi understands the truth. I told
him myself."

	"I know that, Morning Star. Trust me, you don't want to mix it up
with me right now over this," Washuu said, motioning for him to leave.

	"True enough. Tsunami would join in. Very well, Washuu. I leave for
now. Watch your back, Washuu. It's not 100,000 years ago," he said, 
vanishing
from the onsen, leaving only his name in ancient Hebrew and his sardonic 
grin
hanging in the air. Both hovered for a few seconds, then vanished.

	Washuu sighed and injected a hypospray into Tenchi. She then set him
back into the water and vanished back into her lab, but not before casting a
long look at Tenchi. She was honestly worried about him. He had the Morning
Star coming for him. He would be in great danger from here on out.



	Sasami shook her head, then noticed that she broke a plate. Mihoshi
looked about the kitchen for a few moments, both to collect herself and find
a cause for the sudden psychic attack. Sasami had swept up the bits of 
broken
plate before Mihoshi finally completed recollecting herself.

	"Well, Sasami, that didn't feel very good," Mihoshi said.

	Sasami nodded. Somehow, something seemed *WRONG*. She felt as though
her life was just put in deep peril. Mihoshi giggled and said, "I bet it's
just a bunch of ghosts."

	Sasami chuckled and they continued to work, each deciding to write
off the incident for now.


	*Sputter* *Splash* Tenchi woke up with a start and coughed up the
water he had breathed in. Well, Tenchi thought, I'll never pass out in the
onsen again. Good thing I woke up in time. Maybe I'm more tired than I 
think.

	Tenchi got out of the tub to go get ready for bed, shaking his head
the entire time.



	Tenchi yawned and stretched. Although only 9 o'clock, Tenchi was
absolutely bushed. Nearly killed by Grandpa today and nearly drowning
himself, Tenchi put his limit on near-death to twice per day, excepting
extenuating circumstances. He lay down on his bed and closed his eyes. 
Within
a few moments, he was off in dreamland.



	Aeka and Ryouko enter the house about 10. They had went out to
discuss how best to share Tenchi. After a long series of compromises, they
had come to a mutually acceptable agreement. Unfortunately for Ryouko, Aeka
was a master at manipulation and deal-making. Fortunately for Ryouko, Aeka
did not want to politically out-manuver a friend, so both got fair time with
him.

	Sasami had since gone to bed, but Mihoshi was still up, watching some
TV before she went to bed. Everything on the TV had changed subtly that day,
becoming more reflective and optimistic. Even though they had been produced
before the launch of Balance, the effects were still there, showing the 
power
of the Balance.



	"Sir!" the aide said, bowing before the Emperor, "We are in orbit of
Terra III."

	"Hmm.. give me the local time for my son's area," Emperor Azusa said.

	"It's halfway through their sleep cycle, approximately 3:30 in the
morning."

	The Emperor smiled, "If my son wants me to take the time to come all
the way out here, he should be ready to greet his father. Prepare to land."

	"Yes, sir!" the aide rushed off to make preparations to land.

	Misaki was everywhere at once. From readying the presents for Aeka
and Sasami to worrying about her two daughters, she was a big blue-tressed
ball of energy. Funaho was making ready herself. She had to help Azusa
renegotiate the treaty with the Terrans. She knew that she was going up the
same people that Azusa's father fought. They were old and extremely 
powerful.
Fortunately, she was prepared.

	Azusa stood and watched as the Balance orbital appeared from behind
the Earth. He shook his head -- the Terrans had been much too busy. He knew
one Terran already, the one who stole his heart. They were all thieves on
that planet.

	Funaho noticed a bright light coming from Earth's horizon, she looked
out and experienced the Balance, whereas her husband merely saw it. Her
blood was entirely Terran, as was her soul. She became Enlightened, but did
not decide to turn against Jurai. Instead, she saw the whole history of
events and saw that both sides were in the wrong. She decided even more
strongly to ensure that horrible war would not engulf them all.



	"Washuu," the chairman's voice issued forth from behind the goddess-
scientist.

	Washuu turned around very slowly and faced the chairman, who seemed
to sprout a flower pot atop his head. "I want to make this clear," Washuu
said slowly, "Do not ever sneak into my lab like that again."

	The chairman groaned an affirmative from under a small mountain of
flower pots, tanukis, and Laughing Buddha statues. He slowly crawled out 
from
under them and said, "You know that the Juraian Emperor is about to land."

	Washuu nodded, "I was aware of this. I suppose that we should go meet
him, even if it is 3:30 in the morning."

	The chairman nodded, and both left the lab to meet the potential
enemy.



	Yousho stood upon the deck that portruded into the lake beside the
Masaki home. He felt the arrival of his parents, and decided that it was 
best
to be out to greet them.

	"Your parents have absolutely no sense of decency, do they, Yousho?"
a voice said from behind the priest.

	Yousho turned to face Washuu and nodded, "At least I had not annoyed
my mother to come. If I had, we'd be getting this visit at dinner time."

	Washuu chuckled, "I see where you get your wiley streak from."

	The chairman shrugged, "It's actually a decent hour where I live."

	The two residents of Japan nodded thoughtfully.



	Ryouko had finished making her preparations. Tonight was to be _her_
night with Tenchi. Their deal, in its final version, was very simple. Tenchi
had one day with one girl, one day alone, one day with the other girl,
and another day alone, unless he had other things in mind. Even though
Aeka technically got to be first with Tenchi, the system would begin with
Ryouko on the night the agreement was to be made.

	The system was grand in its simplicity, something demanded by both
girls. As Ryouko finalized preparations, she found herself wondering about
Aeka's parents. Had Misaki and Funaho made similar plans? She quickly
pushed the idea out of her head, for it was distracting her from the problem
at hand -- how to best greet Tenchi. She opted to allow only the air to
clothe her. She smiled and phased into Tenchi's room.



	"And now, young Tenchi, you shall die."

	Tenchi blocked the green bolt with the Wings of the Light Hawk.
Kagato frowned when he saw that his shot had no effect. He sent crystals
at Tenchi. The boy responded by a single bolt formed from his sword. In
the smoke, Tenchi noticed the figure of Kagato rushing him. Acting on 
reflex,
Tenchi summoned another sword and struck Kagato. The two warriors turned to
face each other. Kagato said a few dramatic lines and faded away.

	Ryouko stood and spat at Tenchi, shouting, "LIAR!"

	Tenchi turned toward her, confused. The other girls appeared before
him, wearing evil frowns. They concurred, speaking simultaneously, "You are
nothing more than a despicable liar!"

	He turned to see Sasami, Tsunami, and adult Washuu. All three cast
baleful glares at him. Sasami and Tsunami spoke in unison, "You lied to all
of us, Tenchi!"

	Tenchi tried to look at all of the girls, for they were closing in
on him. Tenchi shook his head and took a step back. He stammered, "H-how am 
I
lying? What did I say?"

	"YOU PROMISED! LIAR! LIAR! LIAR! LIAR!" the girls chanted as they
closed in on him.



	*WARNING! WARNING!* the klaxons in Washuu's lab shrieked. A printout
on the screen announced that a succubus, a demoness of seduction, had
appeared in the vicinity of the Masaki household roof. Further readings
showed that this demoness was taking the form of Ryouko, implying only one
possible target: Tenchi.



	Ryouko found herself ripped from phased space and placed on the roof.
She had instantly changed into her battle suit. On the roof, Ryouko saw --
herself.

	The new Ryouko smiled and spoke, "Tenchi is mine. My master demands
it."

	Ryouko scowled, "The hell he is, bitch! Leave my Tenchi alone!"

	The new Ryouko said, "If I fail, I die. I don't want to kill you.
Simply give me Tenchi."

	Ryouko sneered, "I'd rather die than surrender Tenchi."

	The new Ryouko flashed three gems, which glowed brightly. She formed
three Wings of the Light Hawk. The real Ryouko did the same.

	"STOP!" a voice called out on the roof. Both Ryoukos turned to see a
man. He was shrouded entirely in a dull gray robe. He shook his head and 
said
thoughtfully, "Someone is cheating. I'm afraid you're disqualified."

	Ryouko blinked and both the imposter and cloaked man were gone. She
readied herself for a sneak attack for a few minutes, then turned her
thoughts to Tenchi after the attack never came. She phased into his room and
saw him twiching in his dreams. He was muttering, "Liar."



	"LIAR!" Achika shouted at her son.

	Tenchi was in tears, "What do you mean, Mom? How have I lied?"

	"Tenchi, are you all right?" a voice said from out of nowhere.

	Tenchi turned and saw everyone that he had ever known. All of them
shouted "LIAR!" one last time, then vanished to reveal his dark room and
a certain Ryouko hovering over him with a concerned face. He then noticed
that he was bathed in sweat.

	"Ryouko?" Tenchi asked, half-expecting her to call him a liar.

	"Are you okay, Tenchi? What's wrong?" she asked.

	"Aren't you going to call me a liar?" Tenchi asked, befuddled by the
turn of events.

	"Why should I? Have you lied to me?" Ryouko asked with a face full of
anxiety.

	Tenchi shook his head, "Thank goodness it was a dream. Everyone I
have ever known was calling me a liar, a murderer, a rapist, and even 
worse."

	Ryouko took Tenchi into a comforting embrace. "Tenchi, what's going
on here?"

	Tenchi took hold of Ryouko's arms and pulled himself out of the
embrace. He smiled at Ryouko and said, "Thank you, Ryouko. You and Aeka and
everyone else are too good for me. I want to return the kindness to 
everyone.
I want them to know that I care for all of them."

	Ryouko said softly, "We know you care, Tenchi. We know."

	Tenchi shook his head and said, "It's just not enough."

	He considered Ryouko's presence in his room in an attempt to break
out of this funk that had washed over him. A smile crept onto his face as
he asked, "By the way, Ryouko, are you still afraid that I'll leave?"

	Ryouko shook her head and smilied devilishly, "I had different
reasons for coming in here tonight."

	Tenchi noticed that she was in the final stage of undress and then
assumed that she had entered his room this way. Tenchi smiled a little and
said, "Ryouko, I'm not really in the mood right now."

	Ryouko nodded and said, "I understand. I've had nightmares before.
Do you want me to just be here with you tonight?"

	Tenchi nodded a little and said, "If it's not too much hassle."

	Ryouko shook her head. "Nothing is ever too much hassle, Tenchi.
Just please don't ask me to leave. I want to be with you always."

	Tenchi smiled and said, "You know that you have to share me with
Aeka."

	Ryouko shrugged and replied, "That's what I figured for a while. I've
gotten over that one. At least I can be sure that you're in better hands 
with
Aeka than with my kinky mom."

	A small sweatdrop formed on the back of Tenchi's head. "Umm, Ryouko,
Aeka was talking about whips and chains and such," he said nervously.

	"Really? I'll have to look into borrowing some," Ryouko said in a
casual tone.

	Tenchi felt all the color drain from him. They were all very kinky
around his house. Then again, he fantasized himself being chained up more
than once -- but no more than is normal for a young man. He looked at Ryouko
and said, "I'm sorry."

	Ryouko gave him a quizzical look, "Why are you sorry, Tenchi?"

	"Because I'm just too tired right now to do much more than sleep."

	Ryouko nodded and put her arms around him, "I don't mind. Like I said
before, I'm happy just being with you. Nothing else matters to me, Tenchi.
Remember that, okay?"

	A light snore answered her. Boy, Ryouko thought, he was really
exhausted.



	When Misaki discovered that her daughters were both asleep, she was
disappointed, but decided to go check on them and then go to sleep so that
she could spend the next few days with her daughters. Funaho and Azusa both
beamed down at the same time. They exchanged greetings with their son,
Washuu, and the Chairman of the Terran Empire. Then all five proceeded to
shrine to begin the discussion which would decide the fate of the galaxy.


	"My Lady, I have a most disturbing report," D3 said.

	Tokimi looked down upon him. "What is wrong, D3?" she asked.

	"My Lady, we have a report of the Morning Star's prescence on Earth.
We also have evidence that one of his minions illegally siphoned off energy
from the Universal Conciousness. I took care of the problem personally."

	Tokimi shook her head. She spoke, and concern filled her voice.
"I see the futures. Very few of them turn out good. I will have to 
intervene.
Very well, my sisters and the Morning Star, I will show all of you that I
care about this universe and its people more than anything else. D3, 
assemble
the forces. I want you to strike at the Morning Star -- the sisters will
listen to me, that angel will not."

	D3 nodded as only a disembodied head could, and vanished.

			End Chapter 6

Author's Notes:

        Just the usual malarkey. Tenchi and co. is owned by AIC and Pioneer/
LDC. The Council of Magicians is my own idea. Of course, this whole
thing wouldn't be possible without K'thardin's help. Thanks, dude!
I'd also like to add kudos to Lita! Not only a great writer, she gave me
many great points of advice. Lookin' forward to what she says about this ^_^
Tell me what you think about this fic! Do you like it? Hate it? I need to
know. Write me at magus_the_dark@hotmail.com and let me know.

MTD
