The Empires Prelate (Part II)

Disclaimer:  Any Tenchi characters in this fic
belong to AIC and Pioneer.  If there are any
characters that you have not heard of, they are mine!
Any legal letters sent to claim money will be filled under "I" for important.right in the pail!



	Sasami was happily munching away on her breakfast when she first heard the 
yelling.  Immediately, she bounded from her chair and followed by Washu and Ryo-ohki, 
they quickly arrived at Aeka's room.  Sasami pushed open the door and noticed that 
something terrible had happened.  All over, Aeka's things had been thrown about, 
obvious signs of a struggle.  But the most disturbing sight was that of Tenchi, in the 
corner, kneeling, and weeping.

	"Tenchi, what happened?" Sasami shouted as she ran over to where Tenchi was.  
"She's gone...she's gone..." "What do you mean gone, where did she go?" Sasami was 
beginning to cry, as she grew fearful as to what may have happened to her sister.  Washu 
immediately decided to take control of the situation.  She ran over to Tenchi and grabbed 
him by the shoulders.  "Tenchi, listen to me, tell me what happened?" Washu added a 
little emphasis to her question by slapping him across the face.  Tenchi had never seen 
her so serious before and realized that he had to pull himself together.  He stood up and 
recalled what had happened up to the point when they came in.  "So, someone has taken 
Aeka. Well, we better get going then, whoever took her has a bit of a head start on us!" 
Washu spoke firmly putting her fist in her palm. 

	Tenchi still looked a bit dazed, but stood straight up and nodded in agreement 
with Washu.  "You're right, but we'll need a ship" Sasami stood up and cleared her eyes 
"We should go find Ryoko, we might need her help" Washu gulped at this, she forgot 
about Ryoko, and that she knew about Tenchi and Aeka.  They began leaving the room 
when Tenchi pulled Washu aside.  "Thanks Washu, I, I just don't want to lose her..." "I 
understand Tenchi, let's go" 

	Not too far away from the palace, they caught sight of Ryoko who was simply 
standing by a lake, looking at her reflection.  She knew that were coming, knew what 
they wanted, and already had an answer for them.  "Ryoko, what are you doing out 
here?" Tenchi asked, but she didn't respond.  "Ryoko, Ryoko, we need your help, Aeka's 
gone, we have to go find her!" He was getting nervous over the fact that she appeared to 
be ignoring him.  "Ryoko, did you hear me?" She simply continued to look at her 
reflection.  (If only it was as clear to see peoples hearts, as it is to see your reflection) She 
thought this while Tenchi took her by the shoulders and turned her around.  "Ryoko!" 
Tenchi shouted and held her a bit tighter and looked her in the eyes, but there was 
nothing.  

	She quickly pushed his hands off her "I don't care, go find her yourself!" The 
three of them were shocked at what they had just heard.  "Ryoko, you don't mean that do 
you?" Tenchi asked, he was feeling numb all over.  "Oh I mean it!  You chose her, you 
want to be with her, you want to hold her, you want to kiss her, you want to...then you 
can go find her yourself!" She turned and began to walk away "Let's go Ryo-ohki, 
there's no place for me, for us here" "Meow!" Ryo-ohki tried to protest.  "NOW!" She 
yelled as Ryo-ohki simply lowered her heard and slowly began to follow Ryoko, she was, 
after all, her master.  Tenchi, Sasami and Washu simply watched in disbelief as Ryoko 
continued walking off into the distance till she was out of their sight.  A moment later, 
they saw Ryo-ohki take off and leave the planet.

	Tenchi simply stood there with his head lowered, and this reminded him as to 
why it had taken so long for him to choose.  He knew that doing so would drive one of 
the other girls away.  It was what he had feared, and today, it came true.  (Ryoko...I'm 
sorry...) He was so entangled with his thoughts that Washu had to let him have it again.  
When he came to, he looked at Sasami and Washu both looking to him for their next 
move.  "I never wanted this to happen, but I've made my choice, and Ryoko has made 
hers.  We need to find another way to get to Aeka.  Sasami, we need to get a ship" 
Sasami, who was crying over the sudden departure of Ryo-Ohki, shook her head "We 
can't Tenchi, if we do, then some of the council will start asking questions" Washu 
nodded "She's right, they'll want to know what happened, and that could cause another 
panic if the people knew that Aeka had been kidnapped" "So what do we do?" He stared 
off into space when a thought occurred to him.  "Wait, what about Mihoshi?" 

	Naturally, Washu was not inclined to ask the blonde detective for help, this time 
she would, if I were possible.  "Afraid not, she's been out on a top secret mission and 
there's no way to contact her, we'll need to look elsewhere" Washu looked around and 
found what she felt would help them "We'll need to look there," She pointed down to the 
village below where there was bound to be someone with a ship they could use.  Tenchi 
nodded and then turned his attention to Sasami.  (She must be hurting from all this, but 
we need her to pull through right now) "Sasami, I need you to go back to the palace" The 
little princess shook her head "But, I want to go too, she's my sister and I have to help 
her" Tenchi placed a hand on her shoulder and kissed her on the forehead "I know, and 
you can help, I need you to go back and buy us some time.  Make up any kind of excuse 
you can for Aeka's absence, please?" She looked up at Tenchi and as a tear ran from her 
eye, she nodded and began to run back to the palace, but first, she hugged Tenchi and 
whispered in his ear "Please save her, you have no idea how much you mean to her, and 
to me" With that, Sasami continued back to the palace.

	Tenchi was still stunned by her last statement, both about Aeka, and also the last 
part of her message.  He couldn't tell if those were her own words, or that of Tsunami.  
Before he could think any further, Washu tugged at his sleeve and they went their way 
towards the village.  His mind still in a jumble, Washu lead him to a nearby tavern.  
When they arrived, the door swung open as a wayward and rather drunk individual was 
making his way back towards wherever he came from.  Inside, they were greeted by 
several stares and a stench of stale alcohol.  As the door closed behind them, they began 
to scan the bar for the least intoxicated individual.  "Washu, how do we find someone 
with a ship in a place like this?" Washu smiled "Simple, we just ask" With that, she 
jumped on top of the nearest table, it wasn't clear, but she saw to that.  "Hey!  Do any of 
you here have a ship and aren't too drunk to pilot it?" 

	At first, most of the patrons ignored her thinking she was obviously out of her 
skull.  A bead of sweat began to drop across the back of her head, when she heard an 
answer.  "That...my dear...all depends on who's...doin' the askin'" From across the bar, 
Washu saw the origin of the voice.  Both her and Tenchi walked over to the man who 
spoke, he was a bit tipsy himself.  "We are, do you have a ship, and can we use it, it's an 
emergency!" He simply stared at Washu "My, you are spicy young gal aren't you?" She 
shot him a look "Look pal, we don't have time to make passes, do you have a ship, yes or 
no?" He nodded "I do, but I don't lend my ship out, I will be joining you on whatever 
excursion you're goin on, for the right price.  And what is this emergency?" "We...we 
need to go and rescue someone" Tenchi replied, but the man shook his head.  

	"Rescue eh?  Who is it? A damsel in distress, or someone who forgot to pay their 
protection money?" Washu shook her head and got closer to the man and whispered in 
his ear "If you must know, we have to rescue Princess Aeka, there, are you happy?" 
Immediately, the man spat out what he had just began drinking.  "WHAT!" He wiped his 
face clean and looked at Washu.  "Now if that ain't just the cat's meow...I went through 
all that so she can get herself..." He mumbled lowly to himself before he stood up and 
walked over to the bar keep.  He left a few coins on the table to cover his end.  He turned 
to Tenchi and Washu "Well, you coming, the drinks here aren't much to talk about you 
know" They both let out a sigh of relief and quickly followed the man.  

	At the spaceport, several cruisers and race ships were neatly lined up.  Tenchi was 
still getting used to space travel and the sight of some of the ships made his head swirl, 
the sight of the ship they would board, made him want to hurl.  He had a look of shock as 
he stared at the late model cruiser that stood before them.  Washu chuckled slightly to 
herself "You expect us to get into this?" The man shot a look at the both of them "I admit 
it isn't much to look at, but it's space worthy, hasn't let me down yet" He smiled proudly 
as he gave his ship a playful hit, which caused a panel to fall off, Washu and Tenchi face 
vaulted.  

	"Heh heh, not a problem" He slapped the panel back on and gave it a reassuring 
hit, this time it didn't fall off.  "Now before we go, there's the issue of my payment" 
Washu had hoped that he would be too drunk to ask, but she braced for the worst.  The 
man came closer to Washu and stared at her, this made her feel a bit uncomfortable.  
"You are Washu, the greatest genius in the universe, I recognized you the moment you 
walked into the bar.  Tell you what, after this little mission, you build me a ship, and a 
damn good one, and you got yourself a deal.  I mean, for the greatest genius in the 
universe a simple ship should be but child's play for you.  So...do we have a deal?" He 
stuck out his hand and waited for her response.  She thought it over for a moment (Oh 
Aeka, you so owe me for this one!) She smiled and rather reluctantly shook his hand, 
"Deal" With that they boarded his ship.  He started the ship up and turned to his two 
passengers "So, where are we headed?" Washu pulled up her computer from sub space 
and pushed a few buttons "From my calculations, there was only one ship that left this 
planet just recently, and its heading was different from the rest, it also contained a Jurian 
signature, Aeka's to be exact.  They were headed in the direction of the M'duhan section" 
He nodded his head, punched in the coordinates and started for planetary ascent.  "By the 
way, the name's D'amond, Darul D'amond" With that, he turned back to face the screen 
ahead of him.

	As they broke orbit, Darul set course and set engines at full speed, they would be 
there shortly.  As they tore across space at top speed, Tenchi couldn't help but feel 
anxious to get to Aeka.  Washu saw the look of concern across his face and she took his 
hand "Don't worry Tenchi, we'll get her back, she may be a princess, but if anyone can 
give my daughter a run for the money as she had, she should be able to take care of 
herself" He smiled at her "Thanks Washu, I appreciate all the help you've given, I'm 
only sorry about Ryoko, I didn't mean to hurt her, really" "I know you didn't Tenchi, I 
must admit, I really wanted the two of you to be together, but..." She stared out one of 
the windows into space; her mind seemed to drift in no direction in particular.  

	She had wanted so badly for her daughter to be happy, and when she found that 
Ryoko had taken a liking to Tenchi, well that made her feel a bit better knowing that 
maybe her daughter would succeed where she had failed, failed in finding true love, and 
keeping it.  She was so far off in thought that she forgot that she was still holding 
Tenchi's hand.  She blushed and let go and Tenchi did the same.  "Tenchi, sorry about 
that" She smiled slightly, but, she still had feelings for him, and somewhere, a selfish part 
of her wanted them to never find Aeka, and without Ryoko, then he would be all hers.  
She could find a way, somehow, to make him forget about the other girls and they could 
be together, and she could finally be happy.  (No, that's not right, he chose Aeka, and 
now is not the time for petty jealousy) "Washu, are you all right?" "Huh?" She blushed 
again as she tried to regain composure.  "Oh yeah, heh, just drifted off a bit there" 

	Before Tenchi could inquire anymore, Darul's monitor lit up.  He looked and saw 
what it was  "Oh @#$%, hey back there, brace for impact!" At that moment, the ship was 
rocked as if hit by a huge wave.  All three were thrown about as the ship was tossed 
around space.  After what seemed like forever, the ship stopped moving around and came 
about.  Tenchi was on his head and Washu was not too far off from where he was, also on 
her head.  Darul propped himself upright and immediately went for the controls, which 
would have told him just exactly what had happened, only they were dead.  

	He kicked the panel a few times, but still nothing.  (Time to give em' the news)  
"Are you two all right?" They both nodded as they too propped themselves upright.  
"Well, I got good news and bad news.  The bad news, this ship, for just about all 
purposes, is toast" Tenchi gulped "The good news is, we still got life support." He 
tapped one of the meters on the console that was still registering some numbers "Yup, I 
say about a few hours or so...oh and the emergency beacon still works...so if we're 
lucky, maybe someone will find us, though I doubt it, in this neck of the woods, not too 
many come round these parts"    

	"What just happened?" Tenchi looked at Darul who shrugged his shoulders and 
tried to give the best explanation he could.  "Well, I guess we hit a gravi..." Before he 
could finish his sentence, Washu interrupted "It was a tempestral wake...but how?" Both 
Tenchi and Darul looked to each other and then to Washu.

	"I'm sorry, what was that?" Darul inquired.  Washu looked up from her computer, 
which was throwing all types of numbers and figures at her.  "A tempestral wake, an 
enormous, and extremely rare anomaly in space which shakes the foundation of time and 
space itself, but I still don't know how it happened" She continued looking at her 
computer "From the looks of these figures, it wasn't natural, someone or something 
caused it, but that's impossible, the energy alone required to do such a thing is 
incredible!" Darul walked over to Washu and looked at the screen, but the figures didn't 
register to him, he was after all, just a soldier of fortune, not a professor of physics.  
"Well, no matter what caused it, you may want to keep your shouting to a minimal, 
remember, we only have a small amount of life support left" With that, Tenchi simply 
stared out the window and hoped that this was not the end of their mission.  Darul for his 
part, sat back and took a swig from a flask he had stashed underneath the console, he 
knew someone would come, just not when.  Washu, she continued with her computer to 
learn more about this artificial event, there was more here than met the eye.  As this 
happened, the ship continued to drift in space, with only a beacon for help their only 
hope.

	Not too far away, in a corner of space that, up until that moment, was a rather 
peaceful section, something unexpected happened.  At around the same time that the 
wake occurred, a small tear in the fabric of space tore itself opened, allowing an 
unsuspecting traveler to enter into this dimension.  As the tear closed almost as soon as it 
appeared, a ship appeared that was not there a moment ago.  On board, there was a bit of 
commotion between the owner of this ship and the onboard computer system, which was 
trying to explain what had just happened.  "COMPUTER, what the hell just happened?!" 
The computer replied "As stated, a spacial anomaly occurred causing a tear in the space 
time continuum, thereby bringing us to this plain of existence, in other words, an 
alternate dimension" "Noi`jitat!" He stormed up and down the bridge repeating this to 
himself "Computer, how do we return home?" The computer thought this over for a 
moment and there was an ominous silence, then it responded "...unknown, insufficient 
data to form a logical hypothesis" "So in other words...you do not have a damn clue?" 
The computer thought again "...correct" He stared at the terminal for a moment, tempted 
to thrash it to pieces...but instead walked over to a window and stared out into space.  
(This is not good, she's probably worried sick by now...and I may never see her again...) 

	This was not the way he wanted to get the day going.  Nevertheless, he was 
determined to make the most of the situation.  Before he could give the computer any 
instructions, "Excuse me sir, but there is...a distress signal coming from a source not far 
from here" He turned and walked to the terminal.  He punched a few buttons and the ship 
in distress came into view, it was rather damaged.  "Sir, the ship is badly damaged, most 
functions have ceased, life support is working, but only for a little while longer, shall we 
assist them" He leaned closer to take a look at the ship, it was a piece of junk all right. 
"Sir?" "Computer, set an intercept course, maximum speed, and establish contact if 
possible, and.prepare for company" "Yes sir" With that, the black ship that hung 
silently in space came to life, lurched forward and proceeded on its rescue mission.


Please email all questions, comments and complaints to yours truly at: despairisu@aol.com.

