The Empires Prelate (Part IV)

Disclaimer:  Any Tenchi characters in this fic
belong to AIC and Pioneer.  If there are any
characters that you have not heard of, they are mine!
Any legal letters sent to claim money will be filled under "I" for important.right in the pail!




	Deep within the bowels of the planet of Tethlohan, one lone figure was venturing down 
the hallway, which was thought to lead directly to the planets core as well as the main hub of its 
operating system.  (It must be around here somewhere, I can't be far, and it's getting mighty 
warm around here) Washu had narrowed down the location to the main reactor to just a few 
hundred meters away when she slowed her pace a bit to think.  She truly wanted to succeed with 
her mission; yet, there were still some nagging feelings about Tenchi...and concern over her 
daughter.  (Ugh, I've been through this already, Ryoko made her choice, yes I wanted her to be 
happy, yes I wanted her to be with Tenchi, but she needs to understand that some people you just 
can't make them love you...something I need to understand as well...).  She picked up her pace 
as she continued down the hall till she reached her objective.  The main reactor was enormous; 
locking itself into the very heart of the planets core and extending outward it stretched for several 
miles in each direction.  It was dark and hot, Washu began to perspire even harder but she rolled 
up her sleeves and approached the terminal that accessed the planetary power grid with a look of 
determination.  "Well, let's see what secrets little Washu can get from you..." At that, she began 
typing away madly on the terminal getting past all security restrictions that were placed in the 
system.  (Give me some time guys, just a little more time...)

	In a distant room miles from where Washu was, there was a battle already in 
progress.  (Crap, he hit me again!  Right, if it ends here, then so be it!) "Oh Darul, hiding again 
are we.just like the rat you always were." Darul was not a religious man, nor did he ever want 
to be one, but this time, he'd make an acception.  He said a silent prayer to whatever god might 
still listen to him, took a deep breath and went into the fray, guns blasting.  Immediately Sevyn 
began firing at Darul who returned the favor.  Again, both men narrowly avoiding being killed 
took cover behind some columns that were in the room.  Darul leaned back against his respective 
shelter, he was breathing heavy now, and his wounds were severely slowing him down.  He 
refused to accept defeat so he stepped out from behind the column and fired at Sevyn.  Sevyn 
avoided most of the shots but was hit by one in the leg.  However, Sevyn managed to get off a 
few shots of his own, one of which getting Darul in the arm.  Darul leaned back against the 
column again and tied a piece of his shirt around his wound (Dammit, he got my arm...ok, this 
sucks now!) 

	"Had enough partner?" Sevyn spoke rather smugly from behind his column.  He too tied 
a piece of cloth around his leg to cover the wound.  Sevyn was no fool, he knew he couldn't keep 
this up for long either.  He wanted to bring Daruls head back home as a trophy, but in order to do 
that, he had to survive this gunfight, and at this rate, Darul would wind up having the last laugh.  
He leaned back and let his mind wander for a moment (How did you let it get to this point, 
dammit we had our pride, was it really worth selling that to that old mummy...and to think that 
once...I was...) He came back to reality, and decided to end this game, now, for good.  "Darul, 
you still there?" From behind his column he replied "Yup" Sevyn collected his thoughts "Look, 
you and I know we can't keep this up for long, and by my last count, we're both down to one last 
bullet, am I right?" For a moment there was silence as Darul checked his inventory to confirm 
what Sevyn had just said "Yup, seems about right, you goin somewhere with this?" Sevyn got a 
bit peeved by his comment, but paid it no further mind "My point is.let's settle this, one shot, 
one winner, a duel if you will, what do you say, partner?" A smile crept across Sevyns face as he 
awaited Daruls reply.  Again there was silence and Darul answered, "You really are a character 
you know?" Sevyn knew this was Daruls way of agreeing.

	Both men stepped out from behind their shelter and stood in front of the other.  Both 
Darul and Sevyn threw aside their empty guns and held their loaded weapons by their side.  There 
was a deathly silence as a cool breeze flew through the room.  Sevyn licked his lips in eager 
anticipation of taking home his trophy, Darul simply wanted this over with, and to get back to the 
bar for another drink.  One shot, one chance, one victor, for both of these men, it was what they 
had both come to expect the day they parted ways.then the breeze stopped flowing, and both 
men fired.  In the blink of an eye, both men saw their lives flash past, both had their regrets, their 
good times, their bad times, times as friends, times as enemies.  Of either of them, Darul felt the 
regret of having let it get to this point; they were after all, friends at one time.  Sevyn, he had 
quite a bit to regret, but his past would be a story left untold, a song left unheard as his shot made 
its mark, as did Daruls.  

	Both men fell to the floor, both dazed and tired, both looking up at the ceiling, both 
counting their last breaths, and then Darul got up.  He walked over to Sevyn who was coughing 
up blood and was barely able to prop himself upright with his gun.  Darul approached him slowly; 
the last shot hit him in his already wounded arm, which now hung by his side.  Sevyn looked up 
at Darul "Well, I guess you won, it took long enough though damn you...<cough>...too bad you 
only had one shot left to finish me, now I must die on my own...<cough>" Darul stared at his 
former partner and friend for a moment, then he said his final words, the last Sevyn would ever 
hear "Oh, I lied about having only one shot left, but then again, you always were one damn big 
fool, so long...partner" As Sevyn found a look of shock across his face he noticed Darul simply 
stare coldly into his eyes, and then pull the trigger.  His hot found its mark right between Sevyn's 
eyes, and he fell back to the ground, his eyes looking heavenward.  Darul closed his partner's 
eyes and covered him with his jacket.  (Now, where do I go from here?) He looked around, but 
felt to tired to go on, so he took a seat across the room, looked at Sevyns fallen body, and when 
he assured himself that he was dead, he closed his eyes.and waited.

    In another room closer than one would think, Vin-Roc was having his fair share of 
troubles squaring off against Lendyn, the older brother of the recently deceased Sevyn.  Both men 
had gone back and forth from sword parrying to hand-to-hand combat, neither of them gaining 
any distinct advantage.  One reason was that Vin-Roc was distracted with the thought that he was 
stuck in this dimension, that he may never get back, to his home, to his people, but most of all, to 
his wife.Ryoko.  He had to come back to reality to avoid nearly being flattened by a shot from 
Lendyn who wasted no time in taking the advantage.  Lendyn sent a fury of shots at the soldier 
who was almost unable to block the oncoming attack.  Once more they changed over to swords 
and Lendyn went in for a quick strike when Vin-Roc countered his move and came around behind 
Lendyn nailing him with the hilt of his sword.  Lendyn was sent reeling from the blow and came 
to just in time to avoid being decapitated.

	They were beginning to breathe heavy as they both jumped back from one another "I 
see...you are quite a challenge indeed." Lendyn smiled as he complemented Vin-Roc.  "And to 
you, you are quite the opponent yourself.all rested are we?" "Indeed, let us continue then." At 
that, they continued their duel, all the while Lendyn knew that his brother had failed, and that it 
was up to him to stop his opponent and keep his name in honor and glory.  Finally, both men 
locked up again as their swords clashed together and in the struggle, their swords were thrown 
aside.  Next they locked hands in a struggle of sheer power.  Both men grunted as they struggled 
against immovable objects.  The sweat poured down their faces, this would be settled crudely and 
barbaric, a test of power, no fancy techniques whatsoever.  Both pushed back and forth, giving it 
their all, until something caught the attention of Lendyn.  From the corner of his eye, he noticed 
that Vin-Roc was (...no he couldn't be, I must be seeing things) but he wasn't, for indeed he did 
see something, a most disturbing thing indeed...he saw Vin-Roc smiling.  
"What...is...so...amusing!?" 

	Lendyn struggled just to get those words out as he tried to hold his own ground.  The 
soldiers' smile grew even wider "I must say, I have to apologize to you.here you are giving it 
your all, and doing quite well indeed, and yet I for my part, have been holding back this whole 
time" Shock ran through Lendyns system as he tried to understand just what had been said to him 
"You...can't be...serious...no one is that powerful!" Vin-Roc only smiled and before Lendyn 
knew what had happened, Vin-Roc loosened his grip and held his hand to Lendyn's chest and 
with great ease, he released a shock wave that sent Lendyn hurtling into an adjacent wall, which 
he hit with a sickening thud.  The soldier slowly walked over to where his opponent was.  Lendyn 
tried to move, tried to counterattack, anything, but soon realized that nearly every bone in his 
body had been shattered...soon the end would come.  "I see...then both my brother and I have 
both failed.very well Vin-Roc...end it...now!"  The soldier stepped closer to his fallen 
opponent and without words, lifted two fingers up and let loose a stream of energy that engulfed 
Lendyn, leaving nothing behind but an outline of where he once sat.     

	He next directed his attention to the wall in front of him, if there was no exit, then he 
would simply make one.  Vin-Roc raised a hand to the wall and emitted another wave of energy 
and leveled the wall.  From behind the debris, he saw a figure sitting against a column.  After the 
dust had cleared he heard a voice  "...<cough> damn near took you long enough.guess we both 
chose the wrong path eh?" Vin-Roc walked over to Darul, examined his wounds and helped him 
to his feet "Your wounds are not severe, and yes, we both chose incorrectly...it would be best to 
double back and take the path that Tenchi chose, we must hurry though" At that, both soldier and 
mercenary made their way back to the main hall and began down the path which would lead them 
to Tenchi.

	Kagato went for another strike at Tenchi.  Tenchi instinctively blocked his strike, but in 
the process was sent hurtling across the room and landed with a hard thud against the wall.  He 
nearly went unconscious, but he managed to stay awake, only to look up and see Kagato already 
overhead.  He had a thirst for blood and a wild look in his eyes as he readied for another and 
possibly final strike "Well, I guess evil can win after all HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!" And then he 
struck...

	Tenchi came so close to failing his mission, but avoided Kagatos attack.   He quickly 
retreated to a distant corner of the room to gather his thoughts, but in a moment Kagato was again 
on top of him.  They clashed swords and vied for leverage, Kagato leaned closer to Tenchi "Why 
do you keep fighting, you are only delaying the inevitable.  You possibly can't hope to defeat me 
twice boy...and if you did, you will never stop the Directorate from completing his mission.  
Soon, all of Jurai will be nothing more but a hallowed memory" At that, Kagato pushed Tenchi 
away and began for another attack.  (Oh man, there's now way I can beat Kagato, not without the 
Light Hawk Sword...but I don't know how to make it work again) He continued to parry against 
Kagato's attacks, but his confidence was beginning to fade, and he was getting careless with his 
fight.  Kagato came ever so close again to beheading the boy prince as his smile only made 
Tenchi feel even less confident.  (Damn, he makes this look so easy...) Suddenly, Kagato pulled 
back and put a distance between he and Tenchi.  "What is your problem boy, have you no heart?" 

	This was quite a shock to Tenchi...what was he up to.  "Here you have come all this way, 
traveled far across the galaxy and you are but a short distance from your damsel in distress, all 
you need do is defeat me and she is yours...why do you hold back?" His smile began to fade as 
Kagato held a stern yet blank look on his face.  (What does he mean...does he want to lose, is he 
really that eager to die...again?) Kagato could tell what he was thinking so he deiced to clarify 
"Please don't misunderstand me, I have every intention of killing you, I was merely trying to 
inspire you, I don't appreciate a half hearted battle, especially when it is against one who has 
already slain me.  A victory over your slovenly attempts would bring me no satisfaction 
whatsoever" What he did next, Tenchi could not prepare himself for.  Kagato withdrew his sword 
and turned his back to Tenchi "Then if you will not even try against me, then leave...get out from 
my sight!  I was wrong; you are not a worthy opponent, merely a hapless boy who got lucky the 
first time around.  Leave, let someone else try, someone.who really cares about the princess" 
With his back turned to Tenchi, Kagato drew a sickly smile across his face; he knew Tenchi 
would not disappoint him.  

	Those last words hung on Tenchi (...someone who...really cares about Aeka.well do I?  
Of course I do...but I can't beat him...not again...I just can't...) He hung his head low and his 
sword deactivated itself for his owner had lost its confidence.  This was a defeat that was even 
greater than death, for he could not go on, or could he? (If I don't even try, then Aeka will 
die...and I would have to live on...without her...) This was something he could not live with.  At 
that, Tenchi activated his sword again, raised his head with eyes slanted, and full of anger and 
determination, he grasped the handle tightly "Prepare yourself Kagato...this time...I will show 
you no quarter!" Kagato turned to face him with a smile still across his face "Good, I see you will 
not disappoint me this..." Before he could finish his sentence, it was Tenchi who was within 
inches of decapitating Kagato "Ugh..." He muttered as he was struggling to block every shot that 
the now angered Tenchi was unleashing.  (...Ugh...what have I done...he is truly mad and out of 
control...) The now shocked Kagato was backed up against the wall as Tenchi swung furiously 
knocking Kagato's sword aside several times and nearly missing Kagato who managed to evade 
all his attacks but one.  Tenchi went for one last drive, and his effort was not in vain, he swung 
and as he knocked Kagato's sword aside, he managed to get in a good swipe across his face 
which sent him reeling across the room shouting in pain.

	He wiped the blood from his face as he saw Tenchi standing, though breathing very 
heavily, still holding his sword tightly, and readying himself for another attack.  "Most 
impressive boy, I see you have improved, and that I was successful in getting you to release your 
anger, tell me, did it feel good...oh it must have...to get that close to defeating me...to avenging 
your pitiful pride...I truly hope it was worth it...for now it ends" As Tenchi began for another, 
and hopefully final attack, Kagato withdrew his sword and aimed both hands at Tenchi.  
Concentrating his power, Kagato unleashed a beam of pure green evil which engulfed Tenchi and 
began to burn away at him.  "AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH" Tenchi fell to the ground as his sword was knocked away.  
Kagato smiled greatly, for he had managed to get a good fight out of Tenchi, he was almost sorry it had to 
end so soon.  He continued his attack and began to walk closer to Tenchi, gloating over his victory.  
"A pity indeed, here you were so close to victory and now, you stand on the threshold of death...for I 
am your deliverer!" At that, he turned up the power and the amount of energy increased causing Tenchi to 
scream greater.  Far down the hall, both Vin-Roc and Darul thought they heard screams and began to pick up 
their pace, but they knew they would not make it in time if it was Tenchi who was in danger.  Closer Kagato came 
and Tenchi felt his life slipping, and he began to see back on all the times that he could 
remember...if this was truly the end, he wanted to know again why he tried his best, pushed so 
hard, went so far and ultimately failed. 

	He recalled again when he had first met her, the times she showed her feelings towards 
him, though never saying a word (...Aeka...that one word...of all the words I spoke, that one 
means the greatest to me...maybe when we are both dead, we will meet each other and then we 
can be together...no more pain...no more suffering...just you and I...failed you...that's what I 
did.and you will never know...how I truly wanted you...NO! I can't...fail...) Kagato came 
closer to the point of being overhead, he wanted this to end too (I won't fail...because I care for 
Aeka...I need Aeka...I LOVE AEKA AND I WILL NOT FAIL!!!) Kagato was about to finish 
Tenchi when a bright light flashed forth and blinded Kagato for a moment causing him to stop his 
onslaught and back away.  He covered his face from the bright light "What...what is this...why 
won't you just die...you can't win...damn you boy!!!" At that, Tenchi, completely healed from 
Kagato's relentless attack, stood tall, and bathed in a blue light.for once again, he had 
summoned forth the most powerful weapon known, the Light Hawk Sword.  He finally came to 
realize what was needed to call them forth, the first time and this time...it was his love...for his 
friends, family...and now the one he so cherished the most.  

	"The name is Tenchi Masaki...remember it Kagato!" Tenchi formed a sword and rushed 
Kagato; defeat now was not an option.  Kagato recovered from the blinding light and drew his 
sword, he knew this was the end...but for who?  He charged as well as both men met sword 
against sword, Kagato barely escaped as his sword was spilt in two.  He formed another and 
threw it at Tenchi who calmly knocked it aside.  His thoughts were clear, and he charged Kagato 
again.  The criminal tried to form a sword and defend himself, but soon felt a warm sensation as 
his midsection was cleaved in two.  As he fell to the ground, he looked up at Tenchi, in his eyes, 
there was no remorse for the fallen criminal, he had been defeated again.  "Very...good...at 
least...you fought with...all you had...she is waiting for you.go to her and save her...if you 
can...Ten...chi." With that, the life of the infamous criminal known as Kagato had finally come 
to an end.  Tenchi powered down and turned to the door ahead of him, Aeka was there, and he 
would not leave without her. 

	

Please email all questions, comments and complaints to yours truly at: despairisu@aol.com.

