

        No one slept well in the Tenchi household that night. Terrible
nightmares  of the sight of Sasami getting ripped open most savagely plagued
Tenchi. Ryouko could not even get to sleep; instead, she simply watched the
moon rise. Aeka had the most terrifying dream.


        "Intruder alert in Sector A-20 through Tau Gamma 27!" the klaxon
blared.

        Aeka was stumbling to get into the throne room, dodging the attacks
of all the enemy. Laser fire, elemental fire, and raw bolts of chaos flew
about, destroying Jurai soldiers. Just as Aeka nearly made it to the throne
room, a bolt of fiery chi flew at her. Asaka and Kamidake both interposed
themselves between the princess and the deadly energy. As Aeka pulled shut
the door to the throne room, Asaka and Kamidake screamed their last, being
turned to splinters.


        Aeka sat up in bed. "Second nightmare tonight," she said to no one
in particular. She got up, and went to the bathroom, splashing some water
on her face, then she decided to check up on Tenchi.



                        The Magery Chronicles
                        Story IV: Empire's Dusk
                        Chapter 2: The Fellowship



        Washuu could not sleep. Whatever it was that had hurt Sasami was
festering inside her. Her vital force grew weaker and weaker. All the bio-
medical scans Washuu had performed revealed that Sasami's body was breaking
down, with no biological cause. Suddenly, Washuu realized that she had
overlooked a possible cause. "But I didn't think they had this technology,"
she muttered to herself.

        Sure enough, Washuu thought, they do! A highly magnified view on a
readout screen showed the unmistakable image of a nanobot disassembling
the girl's cells. Washuu smiled, and fired a localized EMP into the tank.
The readouts on Sasami showed that she had stablized, but that healing
functions were still useless. Angered, Washuu slammed her fist on her
pillow and got back to work.


        "Tenchi!" Sasami screamed.

        She screamed from her recovery crystal. Tenchi ran up to the
recovery crystal for the tenth time tonight. First, he tried to open it,
but upon opening, only her skeleton fell out. Then, he tried to simply
calm her down, but soon he saw the Grim Reaper come for the girl. In every
dream, he saw the number thirteen scrawled somewhere, usually in Roman
numerals. This time, the man that injured Sasami ripped the supports from
her crystal, causing the life support to shut down.

        He sat up in bed with a start. Sweat poured down his body. He stood
up and went over to the door. He saw a very preturbed Aeka standing there.
She had been crying, Tenchi thought to himself as he noticed the telltale
signs. "It's early, Aeka. Is something wrong?"

        "I can't sleep, Tenchi. It's Sasami."

        "I know what you mean."

        "Tenchi, I've been having these horrible nightmares. My family and
friends are all killed without purpose."

        Tenchi went and sat on his bed. Aeka walked in as well, sitting
beside him. All of the sudden, Aeka burst into tears again, and threw her
arms around Tenchi. "It was so horrible," she sobbed.

        Tenchi put his arms around Aeka, trying to soothe her. He knew that
if Ryouko was watching, she'd have a fit.

        Ryouko was in fact watching from outside. While she was a bit miffed
that Aeka was all over *Ryouko's* Tenchi, she couldn't help but feel a bit
of pity for the girl. After all, Aeka had just watched her sister get
disemboweled today. Ryouko didn't know how much it must hurt, but she had
a feeling it was close to the things that Kagato put her through.

        Aeka felt a set of feminine fingers run gently through her hair.
She and Tenchi both looked up to see Ryouko, who smiled at Aeka. Ryouko
then blew a kiss at Tenchi and phased out of the room. Ryouko went back
up to the roof, where she found Ryo-Ohki. They watched the moon in its
full glory track the sky.

        Aeka might be my worst rival, Ryouko thought, but she really isn't
that bad a person. Hell, I can even drink with her. She really needs to
be comforted right now, and my Tenchi is great at making people feel
better. He just doesn't know it yet.


        "Tenchi?" Aeka began. She had stopped crying.

        "Yes, Aeka?"

        "Do you want to make some tea? I don't think any of us will be
getting any sleep tonight."

        "That sounds like a good idea."

        "Maybe, um.." Aeka stammered. Uh oh, Tenchi thought, here she goes.
"Well maybe, we, err, could invite.. Ryouko."

        "What it is this, Aeka? Have you two finally decided to get along?"

        Aeka giggled a little, "Tenchi, you don't understand, do you?"

        Tenchi didn't understand it at all. However, he was glad to hear
Aeka laugh. He shrugged his shoulders, and stood up.

        "I'll make the tea," Tenchi said. Well, he thought, since I'm making
tea, Ryouko and Aeka won't go and have a fit about the qualities of the tea,
and it means I won't have to risk Aeka's or Ryouko's tea (thank god).

        Aeka went up to the roof and walked over to Ryouko. She sat beside
the demoness. "Thank you, Ryouko."

        "It's nothing. I figured that you needed someone to cry on. My
Tenchi is good for that, isn't he?"

        "Oh, my Tenchi is great for that!"

        They shot each other a cold stare, then burst into laughter. "Tenchi
and I were having tea, and we thought that you might need someone to talk
to as well."

        "Great! I suppose we could see who can make the best tea. Winner
gets a date with Tenchi."

        "Um, Ryouko, he's making the tea."

        "Really? I wonder why."

        "I don't really know. Let's go downstairs and see if he's done."

        The two girls stood up and began to walk away, leaving the cabbit
to stare at the moon. My friend Sasami is in pain, Ryo-Ohki thought. I
wish there was something I could do. Ryo-Ohki cried softly to the full moon
that hung low in the sky, and ran downstairs into Washuu's lab to check on
Sasami.
        

        Tenchi and the two girls sat down in the dining area to consume
their tea. A scant few hours earlier, they had all sat down to grim fare
prepared by Washuu. The food was good, but it did nothing to lift their
spirits. Grandpa and Dad were absent from dinner tonight, Tenchi
thought. They both took the news pretty hard and I had gone to bed before
either returned. Dad's coat had the unmistakable smell of sake, though.

        "Is something the matter, Tenchi?" Aeka inquired.

        "Oh, I was just worried about having to rebuild the house when
Mihoshi returns."

        All three had looks of horror and good chuckles. "She has been gone
nearly a week," Ryouko commented, "She should be back here soon."

        All three talked, joked, and communed with each other until about
4 in the morning, when, nightmares or not, the sandman beckoned. All three
were yawning fairly steadily. Tenchi smiled and said, "Let's try to get some
sleep, anyway."

        Ryouko nodded, and bid the two goodnight. She flew up into her
usual sleeping location -- the rafters -- while Tenchi and Aeka walked
upstairs. Tenchi stopped in front of his door, but it didn't seem that
Aeka was wanting to go to her room.

        "Aeka, I need to sleep," Tenchi said.

        "Tenchi, I don't want to sleep alone. I can't, not tonight. When
I was Sasami's age and had nightmares, I used to crawl in bed with my
mother. Even before I left, I could still crawl in bed with my mother if
I had a bad dream."

        "Aeka, what was it like? To have a mother to quell your bad dreams?"

        "It was like.. no, I cannot put it into words. Tenchi, it doesn't
look like you need to be sleeping alone, either. We need each other,
especially after what happened today."

        Tenchi looked down. She was right, he did need a female to help
quiet the waiting nightmares. Toss in the fact that it was 4 in the morning
and the answer was obvious. He smiled a little, then opened his door. "Not a
word to Ryouko, though."

        Aeka managed a little smile as well. Tenchi crawled into bed, and
Aeka followed him. She cuddled up next to him. Ryouko saw this through
a recon spirit she had called. She thanked it then stood up. She phased
directly into Tenchi's bed, on the other side of the boy as Aeka, much
to the surprise of Tenchi.

        "Ryouko!" Tenchi hissed. Aeka had fallen asleep almost immediately.

        "Tenchi," she whispered softly into his ear, "will you be with me,
too?"

        Tenchi sighed. He couldn't toss either girl out to twist in the
wind. He moved a little, but gently, to accomodate Ryouko without waking
Aeka.

        They had peaceful dreams the rest of the night.


        Tenchi was first to wake. He was immediately aware of the two girls,
each one planted firmly on a shoulder. He craned his head as to look at a
clock without waking either the girls. The clock read 2:15 PM. Damn, Tenchi
thought, it's late already. However, a more urgent need pressed him;
his bladder was at its limit. He looked at the two girls cuddled against
him, and tried to will away the urge.

        He gently moved both off him and walked to the restroom. Sure is
quiet, Tenchi thought. That means I had better hurry and use the john. The
wind is calmest right before a storm.

        Tenchi relieved the pressure and flushed the toliet. He washed his
hands and was drying them when he heard Aeka scream from his room. Wasting
no time, he charged to his room, getting ready for a fight. He threw open
his door and nearly hit the floor. He thanked his lucky stars that he woke
up when he did.

        Poor Aeka was in Ryouko's embrace. Ryouko caressed Aeka's form,
muttering "Tenchi.." Aeka struggled the best she could, but neither the
struggling nor the scream woke up the demoness. The sad part is, Tenchi
knew why -- if she was dreaming about him, then undoubtedly he was trying
to get away.

        Ryouko, still in dream state, was softly kissing Aeka. Tenchi
turned red and Aeka had a look of sheer mortification on her. He felt
a presence beside him. He turned to see Washuu with her video camera,
giggling about the joys of motherhood. Washuu said, "Aeka, keep acting
like Tenchi and she'll keep this up until she wakes up. Of course, that
won't be for another hour or so."

        Tenchi turned bright red at that remark. Was it that obvious that he
acted like this toward Ryouko's affections? Then he saw Aeka get a whithering
look on her face as she verified that her only course of action was to return
the affection she was receiving. Washuu's smile gave Aeka her answer.

        With a grimace, she returned Ryouko's kiss. When she released the
kiss, Ryouko muttered "Tenchi.." once more and fell into motionless sleep.
Washuu shook her head, "Who disturbed her sleep? She only starts acting
out her dreams whenever she is jostled or moved."

        Aeka, having been freed, jumped up and charged into the bathroom.
The sounds of mighty toothbrushing could be heard within. "Washuu,"
Tenchi began, "what are you going to do with that tape?"

        Washuu said matter-of-factly, "Blackmail."

        A crow could be heard over the Tenchi household.



        Yousho was meditating in the shrine. After Sasami's injury, he and
Noboyuki spent last night sharing a few drinks at a bar. It was a shame
that the coward had taken care of himself already. He stood up - Tenchi
needed an extra-rough training session today, to clear both their minds.
Yousho walked outside when he saw an old man dressed in Shinto robes
clearing the top of the shrine stairs.

        "Good morning, sir." Yousho said.

        The priest gruffly replied, "Good morning to you."

        Although Yousho was 700, he only looked 70. The Shinto priest could
easily be placed at 700 simply by his looks. His wrinkled head had hair
that nearly reached down to his feet. He leaned upon an oaken staff and had
the air of one who had seen everything three times over.

        "Come to pay respects to the shrine?" Yousho asked.

        "Yes," the priest said.

        "Very well," Yousho said, "come with me."

        Yousho led the priest into the shrine, whereupon the aged priest
sat in full lotus. "By the way," the priest added, "where's the temple
master?"

        Curious, Yousho thought. "I am he."

        "Ha ha, you tell an old man a funny tale. You couldn't be any more
than 27. Now, unless Shintoism has fallen upon hard times and you truly are
the temple master.."

        "I assure you, sir, I am the temple master. By the way, how do you
think I am 27?" Yousho said. Is this man blind, Yousho thought.

        "I see more than you can comprehend, boy. You lack the wisdom."

        Did I say that aloud, Yousho thought in sudden surprise.

        The old priest held up a mirror. "Tell me, boy, what do you see?"

        Yousho was mortified. He did not see any trace of the disguise.

        "Now, young Yousho," the priest began, "tell me, why are you here?
Do the Jurain treaties mean nothing now?"

        Yousho tensed. This old man, whom Yousho had never seen, knew his
name and place of origin. The same supposedly happened yesterday, when
Sasami..

        "Worry not, young man. I am here in peace. However, I may defend
myself if need be. Will it?"

        "No. What is your connection with the one who hurt the little girl?"

        "Ah, yes. That is one of the more zealous of my kind. Do not worry,
if you seek to correct your transgressions, we shall heal Sasami's wounds.
However, the fact that you are harboring two criminals of war here does not
please the Council. Remove them and yourselves back to Jurai. Or call down
the Emperor, your father, and let us begin the process of negotiation."

        "How much do you know, old man?"

        "Simply this: in the days of Atlantis, your kind attacked and sunk
the continent, killing billions. However, we were also driving you back
to Jurai. We worked out an agreement after Atlantis and Perdo IV. We would
confine human magi and the potentials to Earth. Jurai would consider us a
colony, but would have no interference or prescence. You have violated both.
Especially with the war criminals."

        "War criminals? We have none!"

        "That is not true. I suggest you find them, or bring down your
father and let us write a new treaty."

        Yousho was speechless. How much did this person know? And if he
could get his father to return, what if they could not work a treaty? What
war would be upon everyone?

        "I told you, I see more than you than you can comprehend. And about
the war criminals -- they were responsible for the slaughtering of trillions
of potentials on several systems, and the death of millions of mages on
Atlantis. We signed seperate pacts with those criminals, banishing them from
Earth for all time.
        "Humanity grows restless, Yousho, and we grow restless with it. Are
you going to continue to violate the peace treaties? Or are you going to
leave us be? Or maybe send for the Emperor?"

        "I don't know what you're talking about. Earth is a planet that was
seeded by Jurai-"

        "You speak lies now. What is next, you will claim that you stayed
here because you had no way to contact Jurai?"

        "Actually.."

        "More lies. You did not wish to go, and I do not blame you. However,
you are Jurai. Earth is not your home. If you die here, you will not be
held as a human. You are a charlatan, Yousho. I feel no pity.
        "I speak once, and that is all. Earth wants the stars once more. We
are willing to abide the current treaty if you will leave. Otherwise, send
for your father. We will discuss setting up this little spot for Jurain
royalty to live. The third and final option is gruesome war.
        "Do not think that we have not improved since Atlantis. Our magick
runs ever stronger today. The Council is patient, Yousho; we have waited
700 years for you to leave or renegotiate. Your time is up. The Council is
willing to grant 32 more days of time, no more, no less. When you have
reached your decision, pour this upon the steps of the shrine."

        With that said, the priest stood, handed Yousho a bottle, and walked
out. Yousho watched him leave, and shook his head. He could not simply
reveal his form to Tenchi or Aeka. It would be too much a burden to bear.
But how to explain to them by any other means? How to convince them to
leave. Maybe it would be better to face his father again. Whirling in
indecision, Yousho sat and meditated.



        "The Society of the Void reports that we have delivered the
warning to the Jurain Crown Prince," the monk said to the other Council
members.

        "Very well. The Council thanks you, brother," the chairman said
with a genuine smile.

        "My underling tells me that he gave them 32 days. We shall know by
then," the monk added.

        "Excellent," the chairman said, smiling.



                        End Chapter 2

Author's Notes:

        Just the usual malarkey. Tenchi and co. is owned by AIC and Pioneer/
LDC. The Council of Magicians is my own idea. Of course, this whole
thing wouldn't be possible without K'thardin's help. Thanks, dude! 
Tell me what you think about this fic! Do you like it? Hate it? I need to
know. Write me at magus_the_dark@hotmail.com and let me know. Hey, if
anyone's gonna MST it, please include at least 3 obscure references ^_^

Either way, I'm also working on my "Horrible Fic MST" series. However, this
is my main work in progress, so please give me feedback!

MTD
