The Empires Prelate (Part III)

Disclaimer:  Any Tenchi characters in this fic
belong to AIC and Pioneer.  If there are any
characters that you have not heard of, they are mine!
Any legal letters sent to claim money will be filled under "I" for important.right in the pail!




	By Earth standards, they had been adrift for about an hour, and to one Earthling, 
this was the longest hour he faced.  He merely looked out the window, wishing he were 
home, with the one he loved.  Love, now there was a word he never thought he would 
hear himself say, never be brave enough to admit too.  This man, was no average man, 
for in his hand, he held the affection of many a tempting and beautiful women, but in the 
end, he chose, chose to be alone no longer.  But with choices come consequences, some 
good, some not, there were doubts, but in the end, there would be a way.

	"Tenchi, wake up, I see something!" Washu slapped Tenchi a few times to get his 
attention; he finally came back to reality.  "What is it Washu?" The scientist simply 
stared out the window.  "Well, whatever it is, it sure does look impressive, like no design 
I've ever known" While Tenchi was daydreaming, a large black vessel had appeared and 
contacted their ship.  Darul was rather pleased that someone had heard the distress signal, 
and had answered.  "Yeah, we kind of got caught in some space anomaly, my ship is 
dead.  Would you mind giving us a lift, one way if possible?" he had spoken into the 
communicator to the black vessels computer. The computer spoke and replied that its 
owner would have them beam over.  As far as his ship was concerned, Darul had to agree 
to leave it for loss; there was no hope for it now.  "So long, you may have been a hassle 
at times, but you saved me more than I can recall.may the stars take you in" With that, 
Darul was the last to beam over, the black vessel began to leave the area.

	On board, the owner of the vessel was not too happy with having guests on board, 
but it was the noble and honorable thing to do, and he was a man of his code.  As the 
final passenger beamed over, he had noticed something about this motley crew.  The 
owner of the decrepit ship was of no one special, a soldier for hire as far as he could tell.  
But the other two, he could not help but feel a sense of awe around them.  With the boy, 
he felt such a power, one that could very well rival his own, and a power such as that in 
the hands of a boy, what the gods must think when these decisions are made!  But there 
was more, not just a power of the physical kind, but also that of the heart.  That was the 
only thing that made him similar, to the Tenchi of his dimension.  

	The woman, he vaguely recognized her, she was Washu, his wife had told him all 
about her, but he had also met her a few times while on the run.  She was a genius in his 
dimension, but here, he felt something so much more, a power so great, almost to the 
point where he felt that he should bow to her.  He knew that different realms had different 
existences, and this was one that he would need some getting used to.  There was 
something else, a presence that was missing, he reached out to see what it was...and then 
he realized.  (Kiyone...I do not feel you here, perhaps you do not exist on every plain, a 
pity, a dimension without you...a sad loss indeed)

	He walked over to his guests "I...am Vin-Roc, and this..." He waved his arm 
across the vast interior of the ship "This...is the Heart of Darkness" He gave a slight bow 
and draped his cloak over his shoulder.  "I'm Washu, nice to meet you" She looked closer 
at Vin-Roc "You look like a healthy specimen, tell me, would you mind being my next 
guinea pig?" A bead of sweat went across the back of his head "Uh, thank you, but no" 
The boy stepped forward and extended a hand to shake "My name is Tenchi Masaki" 
Vin-Roc shook his hand and turned to the last of his guests, only to find him already 
sitting in one of the chairs near a window.   "And I am Darul D'amond, thanks for savin 
us back there" This did not make him very happy.  He cleared his throat and walked to 
the console "So, where were you three headed?"  

	"We were hading towards the M'duhan section, I can give your computer the 
coordinates" Washu told Vin-Roc.  He nodded and she walked over to the computer.  She 
began to run her fingers slightly above the surface of the terminal.  (Well, this is quite a 
set up here...hmmm...this must be the Artificial Intelligence) "Hello, may I help you?" 
The computer spoke as this caught Washu off guard.  "Uh...dammit...don't do that!"  
She regained her composure  "I have some coordinates for you...are you ready?" The 
computer stirred for a moment "Proceed" While Washu gave the computer the necessary 
information, Vin-Roc walked over to Tenchi "You can have a seat, though I see your 
friend here wasted little time in making himself at home" Again, he frowned at Darul 
who simply smiled.

	Soon the Heart of Darkness altered its course to follow the coordinates given.  "At 
this speed, we should reach our destination within one klith (thirty minutes Earth 
standard).  I take it this is some kind of rescue mission, yes?"  Tenchi stared out the 
window for a moment then turned to Vin-Roc "Yes, I...I have to find someone, someone 
very special to me" He took a seat next to Tenchi and gave him a look to continue with 
his story.  "Her name is Aeka...she was kidnapped a short while ago, and we're trying to 
find her, and to bring her back"  "I see, any idea as to who would want to take her?" He 
shook his head "No, all I know is that I won't stop till I find her" Vin-Roc smiled and put 
a hand on his shoulder "Ah, spoken like a man in love, do not worry, we will find her, 
and punish whatever vile trash is responsible for such an act" Tenchi felt better knowing 
that he would help them.

	"We'll need a plan if we are to succeed though" Vin-Roc spoke as he stood and 
walked to the console.  "I got your plan, we find whoever is responsible for this, find 
where he lives, go in guns blazin and take the Princess back before they knew what hit 
em', possibly putting a few holes in whoever gets in our way...simple enough" While 
Darul was saying this he jumped out of his seat and pointed his guns in the direction of 
the enemies he felt would try to stop them, acting out his plan.  Vin-Roc turned and 
walked over to Daurl "And may I ask pray tell, who exactly put you in charge on board, 
need I remind you as to whose ship this is?" They were both eye to eye, neither backing 
down.  "You got a problem with my plan guy, I'll have you know that plan has worked 
many a time, no reason why it shouldn't work again" Vin-Roc began to show signs of 
irritation as a look of anger began to grow on his face "That is the exact kind of 
foolishness that will get not only you, but everyone else killed, or does that not matter to 
a hand for hire such as yourself?" Darul grew a bit peeved at this and pushed Vin-Roc 
back.  "Hand for hire eh, well it beats keeping my fingers clean pretty boy!  You 
probably never drew blood, except when ya shave!" Vin-Roc immediately grabbed Darul 
by the throat and raised him rather easily some two feet off the ground.  

	"You little peck! Before your ancestors were even conceived I was fighting for 
justice and peace, and yes I did spill blood, though I take no joy in that fact!" He looked 
menacingly into Daruls eyes "But perhaps, you may be an acception!" As he began to 
squeeze tighter around Darul's neck, something caught his attention.  "What do you find 
so amusing, as you are but inches from death?" Darul smiled some more "Well...I may 
be going...to the great beyond...but you won't be having kids anytime soon pal...heh 
heh" At first, Vin-Roc did not know what to make of his comment, but Darul motioned to 
him to look down.  He noticed that there was a gun pointed at a very important part of his 
anatomy.  (Unbelievable...how did he manage to get a gun out that fast...and without me 
noticing?) "So...what's it...gonna be..." Before he could answer, Tenchi stepped in.  
"That's enough, both of you, save it for when we find whoever took Aeka!" Vin-Roc 
stared at Tenchi for a moment, but realized that he had allowed himself to get into a rage 
for blood, and it was rather disgraceful on his end to behave as such, he was after all, a 
prince.  He reluctantly lowered Darul who massaged his neck to get the feeling back 
again.  They both walked over to the bridge, each eyeing the other cautiously, where 
Washu was making quite a bit of conversation with the computer.  "This sure is an 
impressive bit of work you got here, the intelligence of this AI is something all right...oh 
and we're here"

	The M'duhan section was little to look at.  Many of the planets in this system had 
either been destroyed in some great war, decimated to the point of becoming lifeless 
rocks in space, and the other planets had been abandoned out of fear of sharing the fate of 
their neighbors.  This was a section that many travelers avoided; it was truly a depressing 
sight and could possibly cause one to go mad.  There may have been life, perhaps even 
great civilizations at one point in time, but now, there was only one planet that showed 
any life readings, and that was where they were headed.  The two suns in this system 
offered light in vain to the other worlds, hoping that one day, there would be someone to 
appreciate it.  

	As they neared the planet, Vin-Roc ordered the ship to go to stealth mode and 
take orbit around a nearby asteroid.  He pointed to the orbiting ships that were guarding 
the planet along with the many defense satellites that were surrounding the area.  So far 
they were undetected, but not for long.  "I can not believe their sensor equipment, it will 
take them but a few minutes to detect this ship...very impressive indeed" Vin-Roc stood 
before the window and looked as several ships passed their way, but none stopping in 
their area, not yet.  "Computer, identify this planet..." The computer hummed for a 
moment "Unknown, this dimension is foreign...no known maps are in my data files 
and..." "Tethlohan..." At that, they all turned to Darul who had his back to them.  

	"What was that?" Vin-Roc inquired.  "Tethlohan...the name of the planet is 
Tethlohan...and I had hoped to never see this place again" "You know this place?" 
Tenchi was eager to learn more.  "Yes, some time ago, I...used to work jobs with and old 
partner, he used to get his work from here.some sick old character named the 
Directorate, he runs things here...he's insane...always going on about making the high and 
mighty bow and gravel before him...and he may have been the one behind all the turmoil 
back on Jurai...damn, I should have realized when I heard where we were going, but that 
was so long ago...and now..." They all stood there silently as Darul walked over to the 
window and looked at the planet.  

	"Well, I guess we should get going, they'll find us any moment now." At that, 
Vin-Roc nodded and ordered the computer to begin approaching the planet.  He 
reluctantly asked Darul "Do you have any suggestions for a proper place to beam down?" 
who nodded "Try...over here" He pointed to the planet which the computer magnified 
the image several hundred times to get a better fix on the location.  "Computer, as Darul 
had instructed, make a pass over that area...and prepare for combat" 

	The Heart of Darkness came from around the asteroid it had been hiding behind 
and began its approach...and then the attack began.  Immediately, the satellites had 
opened fire on the general area, which the ship was in and was soon joined by the 
surrounding ships.  The black vessel, though unseen to the naked eye, but visible to their 
monitors, began to shake slightly from the attack of the hostile forces around them.  On 
board, Washu and Tenchi held on to the console nearest them and Darul was thrown 
across the floor.  Vin-Roc stood his ground, or rather floated a foot from the surface.  
"Well, I suppose there is no use in hiding any longer, computer, uncloak and fire, 
maximum bursts!" The Heart of Darkness became visible and began launching a barrage 
of its own.  Just as quickly as the ships had begun attacking, many were either completely 
destroyed or were heavily damaged and were retreating.  As the ship came closer to the 
planet, they were hit with another barrage as the orbiting satellites reminded them of their 
presence.  But they were soon dealt with as the vessel sheared the satellites in half with 
several energy blasts.

	"That takes care of that, shall we depart then?" with that all four passengers 
aboard the vessel were transported down to the planets surface, directly into the main 
compound where it was believed that Aeka was being held.  As they materialized, Vin-
Roc immediately tapped a button on the communicator on his wrist and informed the ship 
to remain in orbit but be ready to leave at a moments notice.  "Now for this Directorate 
fellow, where shall we find him?" They had beamed down into a large room, and it was 
nearly pitch black, that is, until the voice spoke.  

	"Finding me should be the least of your worries" It was an old voice, old and 
empty, void of feeling, of compassion, of pity, of any good.  Both Tenchi and Washu 
tried in vain to see where the voice was coming from.  Darul the same and Vin-Roc 
merely stood his ground and tried to feel any presence around him, he felt one.but it 
was not this Directorate character.  "Enough, show yourself coward!" Vin-Roc was 
growing impatient.  Suddenly, a light came on, one that shined through the entire area.  
When the light had been reduced enough for them to see, they were shocked at the sight 
before them.

	In front and all around were monitors that were watching every aspect, every 
detail, every action of a million faces across a million planets, but that began to change 
till hey all showed the same image, that of the room they were presently in.  Each 
monitor showed them from different angles, showing their expressions across a million 
monitors, but that was not what shocked them.  In the middle of the room, there was a tall 
cylinder, approximately seven feet high and ten feet wide.  It was filled with a glowing 
substance that didn't appear to be water as much as some form of plasma, but that still 
was not shocked them; it was what was being suspended inside the cylinder.  

	At first, it was dark, but then the tube began to glow, and its content was revealed 
to them.  "AEKA!" Tenchi shouted, as it had indeed been her inside the tube.  "Indeed, it 
is Aeka..." From behind the tube, a throne appeared and was suspended in mid air next to 
the tube.  "So, you are the Directorate?" Washu looked over the old figure seated on the 
throne.  "Correct Professor Washu...I have heard of you as well as you Tenchi Masaki" 
He turned his attention to Tenchi and pointed an old, shaking finger at him "I have 
watched you for some time now...though I never expected the day would come when I 
would actually meet the one that had caused me to go through all this" Tenchi looked 
puzzled "I don't understand, what do you mean I caused you all this, and what have you 
done to Aeka...is she..." "Dead, no...she is much too important to my plan to die...just 
yet"

	The Directorate leaned further back into his chair and folded his hands "For too 
long now, the royal family of Jurai has grown fat off the sweat and tears of its people, and 
off the blood of other worlds.  The monarchy has fallen into a state of decadence and 
greed and self-ambition are the key motivators now.  But soon, very soon that will 
change.  Darul, I had hoped to have the Princess eliminated thus making it easier to 
conquer Jurai, but you ruined that!  I wanted so much to plunder the one world which 
simply turned its nose upward from us when we cried out for help" He again motioned to 
the tube with Aeka inside.  "What you see here, is the final weapon, the one which will 
put an end.to all life on Jurai...for if I cannot have its beauty and spoil...then no one 
shall!!!" Washu looked to the Directorate "You know something...you're quite mad" He 
took this in "Ah, you doubt me...I believe you felt but a small taste of the power that lies 
untapped in this little vessel here.  That tempestral wake that hit you and your merry little 
group earlier was caused artificially.  By combining the core matrix of this planet and 
with the ultimate power, that of Jurai, such a feat is possible.  Soon, the weapon will be at 
full power, then none shall stand in my way of completing my revenge...quite ironic 
would you not agree, the very one sworn to protect the people, shall be the one to cause 
their demise...lovely isn't it?"  

	A menacing smile came across his face as he waved a hand, and Aeka woke up.  
She was still recalling the last thing she saw, being attacked by Bendin, and then passing 
out.  Her last thought...was of Tenchi and if she would ever see him again.  When she 
came to, she immediately she realized something was wrong, she began pounding on the 
walls of the tube trying desperately to break out, but it was no use.  Then, she saw the 
others, and Tenchi.  "Oh Tenchi...please help me!" "Aeka, I'm coming!" with that, 
Tenchi activated his sword that he had taken with him and began running for the tube.  
He instinctively drove his sword right through the tube, which passed through and didn't 
make a scratch, for it had been a hologram.  The Directorate chuckled at Tenchi's vain 
attempt of heroics.  "Bastard, eat this!" Darul had had enough of these games.  He pulled 
out his guns and began firing at the Directorate, who too was a hologram.  

	He began to chuckle "Fool, do you really think I would endanger my plan by 
being so ignorant...I am some way off from here, as is the Princess" The holograms 
faded away and three paths appeared before them.  "As you can see, there are three paths 
ahead of you, I am a fair individual, therefore chose a path, but beware, as only one of 
them leads to the Princess and myself.  Move quickly, as her time shall soon expire, as 
well as that of all that she holds most dear...quickly now...quickly..." His voice 
eventually faded away.
     
	"Wretched fool, he truly is mad...such a plan will result in the loss of all life on 
this world as well.  Tenchi, are you all right?" Vin-Roc walked over to Tenchi to help 
him up.  "No, but thank you anyway.  We have to go save Aeka!" "I agree Tenchi...we 
shall divide and take a path each, I shall take the path to the left" Tenchi simply looked 
straight ahead "I'll take the middle path" Darul simply shrugged his shoulders "Guess I 
get stuck with the right path...sheesh, you'd think they'd ask my preference first but 
nooooo." 

	As they began waling to their perspective paths, Tenchi turned to Washu "What 
about you?" Washu smirked at Tenchi "Don't worry about me, I'm going to go looking 
for their main reactor for this weapon and shut it down, permanently...Tenchi, go and 
find Aeka...she's waiting for you" Tenchi came back and hugged Washu "...thanks...little Washu, be careful too" "Yeah, make sure you come back, you still owe me a ship!" Darul mentioned this as he disappeared into the long path ahead of him.  As Tenchi and Vin-Roc too disappeared down their paths, Washu simply looked on for one last moment, then after wiping a tear from her eye, she too turned and began walking down the path that, from her estimates, would take her to her destination.

	Darul was halfway down the path, or at least he hoped he was, when he saw a 
shadow move past him.  At first, he thought he was seeing things, so he continued.  Then, 
he saw it again, only this time, it wasn't alone, not by a long shot.  It wasn't until one of 
them took a shot at him that he knew he was in for some trouble.  The shot missed and he 
instinctively pulled out his gun and fired back, making its mark.  The shadow fell to the 
ground with a thud and he continued walking when the rest came at him, firing as well.  
Darul casually continued walking as he took out one after another as they approached 
him, never once missing a shot.  "Well, at least I get to amuse myself along the way" 
Then the attacks stopped, and he felt a cold chill in the air.  "...you just don't know when 
to die...do you Sevyn?" 

	There was a brief silence then "Oh, I just couldn't leave, not without one last 
dance, partner" "You should never refer to me as that again, that was a mistake I 
regret...now show yourself, and let's get this over with!" Darul took a blind shot or two 
into the dark to see where he was.  "Tsk, tsk, mustn't be too impatient, let's see, I killed 
you once, and you killed me, that makes us even...best 2 out of three then?" With that, 
Sevyn appeared, well dressed in black and with a devilish smile to boot.  Without words 
both men began firing at one another, avoiding the cross fire, both men tried to get the 
other and each was hit by the other Sevyn took a graze to his mid section, Darul was not 
as fortunate.  Sevyn stood his ground, while Darul took shelter behind a nearby corner.  
(Crap, he hit me again!  Right, if it ends here, then so be it!) "Oh Darul, hiding again are 
we.just like the rat you always were..." Darul was not a religious man, nor did he ever 
want to be one, but this time, he'd make an acception.  He said a silent prayer to whatever 
god might still listen to him, took a deep breath and went into the fray, guns blasting.

	At the end of the path, Vin-Roc was displeased to find that he had chosen the 
wrong path.  (It looks as if it is up to either Tenchi or that Darul character...but 
wait...what is this presence I sense?) He looked around, and though it was too dark, he 
knew he was not alone.  "Wherever you are, come out and face me...or have you no 
honor?" Still there was silence "Honor...what an antique you are" The figure stepped 
forward and met Vin-Roc only a few yards away.  He was an impressive figure, nearly as 
large, if not the same as Vin-Roc, there was a look of evil in his eyes and he too was 
dressed in black with a sword draped over his shoulder.  "Who are you?" The figure 
stood there and bent his neck in opposite directions, readying himself  "I am Lendyn, 
older brother to Sevyn, he wanted to have the pleasure of dealing with Darul, now I am 
stuck with you..." Vin-Roc bowed slightly to his opponent "I shall try my best not to let 
you down then, shall we begin?" 

	At that, they both charged one another and drew swords and clashed together.  
They parried several times back and forth, neither gaining the advantage.  As Vin-Roc 
pulled back from one attack, he sheathed his sword and went diving at Lendyn with a few 
hand strikes, but Lendyn who appeared to be no novice himself blocked them.  They both 
jumped back and Lendyn grinned "You will find that I am quite skilled in swordsmanship 
as well as hand to hand combat...please do not feel too intimidated" Vin-Roc returned 
the smile  "Not at all, I always thrill at the prospect of a great challenge, now en garde!" 
Again they drew swords and parried again.  (He is good...this may take longer than I had 
expected, I pray Tenchi is faring better than I) 

	As Tenchi continued down the path, he grew more anxious and frustrated.  His 
anger was getting the better of him, he felt responsible for Aeka being here.  (If only I 
hadn't left her alone that night, if I had stayed with her...) finally, Tenchi reached the end 
of the path, and he had chosen correctly, for at the end there was a door.  "Great, Aeka 
must be just on the other side!" His anger quickly faded to joy as he began for the door.  
"You shouldn't leave so soon, that would be rather rude of you" Tenchi saw from the 
corner of his eye a lone figure walking toward him.  "Y...y...you're Bendin, you 
kidnapped Aeka?" The figure simply smiled and stopped walking toward Tenchi.  "I took 
Aeka to fulfill the task that I had failed at doing once before...and as far as this Bendin 
business is concerned...well perhaps a visual aid is needed" At that, Bendin began to 
swell all over and his face began to twist and turn rather painfully.  Tenchi gulped as he 
saw all the color fade from his body till he was pale.  Finally, his transformation was 
complete.and Tenchi nearly fainted at the sight of the figure in front of him.  "No...it 
can't be...it just can't be..." The pale figure began to hover slightly above the ground.  
"Oh but it is...did you truly think that a boy like you could defeat me...KAGATO!?" He 
began to laugh in the same manner that would haunt Tenchi's dreams some nights and 
this time, it was no dream. 

	Tenchi activated his sword and readied himself for a battle he wasn't sure if he 
could win twice.  "Now, before I destroy you, you're probably wondering how it was that 
I am still alive.  Before we originally fought, I had the Directorate, who by the way is 
quite a good man yes he is, take a sample of my genetics just in case of, shall we say an 
emergency.  After my original had lost, the Directorate immediately went to work on 
devising a resurrection for me.  He chose the body of Bendin, for who better to serve as 
the key element than one so close to Aeka.  A secret agent had my genetics inserted into 
Bendin while he was asleep one night.  As time passed, my superior genes took over 
eventually giving me total control over him.  Now that his use was done, I merely erased 
his existence, permanently...and now for you" Kagato drew his sword and took a few 
slashes at Tenchi who narrowly avoided being decapitated.  Tenchi went for a few strikes 
of his own, but Kagato easily dodged them.  "Silly boy, have you still learned nothing 
since we last fought.  You are still sloppy and undisciplined, and I have a few thousand 
years experience than you...this time even the Light Hawk Wings will not save 
you...HIYAAA!!!!!" Kagato went for another strike at Tenchi.  Tenchi instinctively 
blocked his strike, but in the process was sent hurtling across the room and landed with a 
hard thud against the wall.  He nearly went unconscious, but he managed to stay awake, 
only to look up and see Kagato already overhead.  He had a thirst for blood and a wild 
look in his eyes as he readied for another and possibly final strike "Well, I guess evil can 
win after all HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!" And then he struck...



Please email all questions, comments and complaints to yours truly at: despairisu@aol.com.

