
	The angel surveyed his forces. It was the strongest force ever
assembled in the universe. However, not one living being stood in this Army
of Hell. Most were the bodies of those the angel had destroyed. To the side,
the angel's officers stood. These creatures were multitude -- horrid beasts
only seen by madmen, men beguiled by pride and wealth, and a select few that
were in fact angels just like Morning Star himself.

	"My troops, my officers," Morning Star began, "The time is upon us.
We have the largest force that this universe has seen, yet all of this army
has no more existence than anything else. It is time we demonstrate the
power of non-existence. It is time to send the Elder back! Our battlefield
shall be in the Galaxy inhabited by both the Middle Sister and the Younger
Sister. The fight shall be hard, but since most of you are dead already, I
don't think you'll mind too much. Let's move out."

	The angel outstretched his arms and was enveloped by pure adamantium.
Surely the strongest material this universe knows could defend him well in
the upcoming fight. Morning Star turned to his forces and blipped out. All
his armies blipped out in succession, following their master to the Milky
Way.



                        The Magery Chronicles
                        Story IV: Empire's Dusk
                        Chapter 7: Of Negotiations and Betrayals


	"This is UNACCEPTABLE!" Azusa shouted, throwing down the document
laid before him by the Chairman.

	"Now, now, sweetie, let's talk to them," Funaho said softly to her
enraged husband.

	"Indeed," the chairman said, "It's unfitting to see an emperor have
such an outburst. I believe the deal in both our interests. Very simply put,
the Terran Empire wants its territory back. I'm sorry that our old space is
about 40% of your Empire. I guess you guys could expand the other way."

	Funaho shook her head a little, "Listen to yourself, Chairman. Do you
truly believe that? By the way, how is ceding nearly half our territory 'in
our best interests'?"

	The chairman shook his head. Washuu had not said anything past the
formalities involved in sitting down for peace talks. Yousho had said even
less. The chairman stood and set a small sheet of paper on the table. Azusa
peered at it -- it was little more than scrawling and shapes on a sheet of
paper.

	"What is this?" Azusa demanded.

	"That," the chairman said, "is one of the protection wards on our
scouting craft. It is potent, and would make useless most of Juraian
technology. Your father would not have scoffed it."

	Funaho looked at it and said, "This seal would defend against any
Juraian weaponry, so long as said weaponry was at least 20,000 years old. I
should hope that my husband has not neglected the fleet for 20,000 years!"

	Azusa smiled and said, "Looks like you've been trumped. I believe the
current treaty to be useful enough. I think your space station is in
violation, though. It will have to go."

	The chairman said, "Would you provoke war with us? You only won last
time because Washuu did not get herself involved."

	Azusa snickered, "Tsunami would just as quickly come to the aid of
her children now as she did before. I'm sorry to hear that your precious
goddess is such a poor mother-"

	Uh oh, Yousho thought.

	Azusa stopped as he tried to dodge an energy bolt from Washuu. The
bolt missed its intended target, the Emperor's heart, but found his arm just
as appealing. Azusa gasped in pain as blood spilled from the wound.

	Funaho stood and faced Washuu, whose emerald eyes reflected sheer
rage. Washuu looked at Funaho with the eyes of a woman who had just
been wronged beyond belief. Funaho nodded, understanding her pain. After her
son ran off to this planet, Funaho had endured many catcalls and her
mothering had been called into question. She knew the look Washuu wore all
too well. She had worn it too often. She helped her husband back up and told
him to apologize.

	Azusa's wound had begun to close by the power sent down from his
flagship. He was about to demand an explanation, but the look on his wife's
face was explanation enough. He grumbled out an apology. Washuu's eyes were
no longer dangerous, but they were baleful nonetheless.

	"I'm surprised at you, Azusa," Washuu said softly.

	"Why is that?" he said.

	"You would use my sister's name as a threat. Has she become so
utterly corrupt that she would allow such an occurrence to go unanswered? I
suppose she would, especially if she honestly believes you to be her
children," Washuu said just as softly.

	Azusa merely answered with a shrug. "This is getting nowhere," he
said, "and it will not until you, Mr. Chairman, make a reasonable offer. I
simply cannot give over 40% of my Empire to you. It's just not feasible."

	The chairman nodded, "I understand your fears, but let me tell you
something. That 40% was surrendered by the Terran Empire 50,000 years ago.
You may think it to be a long time, and it has been. However, I know for a
fact that the teachings of the Terran Empire continue on each of those
systems in that 40%. Your father tried to eradicate that knowledge and 
failed
to do so. In 38% of these systems, the majority of the people follow the 
ways
of the old Terran Empire. In the other 2%, which was new frontier space at
the time of the Great War, had not gained the proper channels for learning.
Hence, I could understand dropping that two percent.
	"The fact remains, Emperor, that if you are provoking war, you will
find that the asked-for 40% will quickly respond to the War Alert. They have
waited 50,000 years, Azusa. The Terran Empire will be restored one way or
another."

	Funaho shook her head, "Our census data suggests something different
entirely. According to our figures, any remnants of Terran teachings are
followed solely by hermits and outcasts. Your statement is invalid."

	The Chairman nodded and said, "After the tyrannical oppression of
liberating Terran ideals by Azusa's father, would it surprise you that most
claim to be loyal Juraians? Of course, we could find out which argument is
correct, and we will, if Azusa cannot come to grips with a slight ceding of
a minor parcel of space."

	"Minor parcel?" Azusa shrieked. "That is 40% of our territory! Come,
Funaho, we are leaving."

	Funaho looked at Azusa, "Azusa, we must not another war start. I'm
certain they would negotiate down."

	The chairman frowned and replied, "No negotiating this down. Now, we
are not demanding all of this land at once. You could return it to us over
time. I remind you that your father is dead and buried and that we of the
Terran Imperial Council are all still alive and well. We have replaced one
member in 50,000 years. How has the Juraian Holy Council fared?"

	Azusa spun to face the chairman, "You longevity means nothing to
me. You would not give 40% of your territory to another budding empire 
simply
because it lost a war long ago. You would laugh and bid them adieu. Well,
then, we Juraians shall follow your lead. Come on, Funaho. Ha ha, we are
bidding them good day."

	The chairman stood, as did Yousho and Funaho. She whispered into her
husband's ear, but it did nothing to stop him. He walked out of the door and
headed for the dock. He was not about to surrender to such an arrogant group
as these Terrans.

	Funaho cast one last look at the chairman. Her eyes asked with him to
be reasonable. The chairman hung his head and said, "Wait."

	Azusa stopped in the doorway. "Finally decided that 38% was too
high?"

	The chairman smiled, "Oh, no, it's just the right size. But there is
no need for us to war over it. I'll get it from you one way or another. I
realize now that starting small is the best way to go."

	Azusa nodded thoughtfully, "I doubt you will claim most of Juraian
space, but I don't see any problem in selling you a few systems."

	The chairman frowned, and said, "Sell? Why, we have nothing with
which to buy."

	Azusa opened his mouth to speak, but everyone in the room knew what
he was going to suggest -- that the Terran Empire pledge fealty. Funaho 
poked
his side in such a way that no one noticed. Azusa found himself saying, 
"I'll
let Funaho determine the nature of the deal."

	Funaho nodded with a smile, and said, "Thank you. Now, chairman, I
have prepared a short document for the conditions of cessation of systems to
the Terran Empire."

	The chairman looked around. Seeing no documents, he asked, "Where are
they?"

	Funaho smiled and hit a button relaying the transport message to the
ship. Azusa had taken the liberty to reseat himself, but Funaho did not.
Soon, the temple seemed to explode in paper as the "short" document was
beamed down directly onto the table. Funaho was able to ride the paper
avalanche out the door while everyone else was buried an extremely complex
legal document. A muffled voice, belonging to Washuu, sounded from within 
the
paper-filled temple, "Could you just give it to us in a nutshell?"

	Funaho said, "We don't have a nutshell that big. If you'll wait a few
minutes, I can get one, though!"

	Groans of pain were heard from within the temple.


	Tenchi was awoken by a small explosion towards the temple. He sat up,
accidentally knocking a sleeping Ryouko aside, to see what it was. When he
looked out his window, he swore that he saw his grandfather's temple
overflowing with what looked to be like paper! He shook his head and 
promised
himself to investigate in the morning. He noticed the time was 4:00 AM, and
that nature was giving Tenchi the demands it normally gave him when he woke
up.

	When Tenchi got back into his room, he noticed that Ryouko had not
waken up at all. He lay back down and watched her sleep. She rolled over to
face him. Her eyes closed, she mumbled out, "Tenchi."

	Tenchi smiled and asked softly if she was awake. A small, relaxed
sigh seemed to be a negative answer. Then, Ryouko began to feel him up like
she did when she was awake. Tenchi grimaced, "This early, Ryouko? Shouldn't
we get back to sleep?"

	Ryouko only muttered, "Tenchi.. promise.. won't leave.."

	Tenchi realized that she was still asleep and felt the color drain
from his face. He remembered the last time he had disturbed Ryouko in her
sleep -- Washuu still had the videotape. Ryouko put her arms around him and
mumbled, "Say.. you'll.. with me.."

	Tenchi also remembered what Aeka had to do to get Ryouko to stop. He
shrugged his shoulders. Other guys have suffered worse fates, Tenchi 
thought,
than an alien woman who acts out her dreams until kissed. However, Tenchi's
brain suddenly remembered that it was 4:00 AM and proceeded to go back to
sleep. Oh well, Tenchi thought as he drifted off, maybe she'll realize that
I'm not trying to scramble away.

	Sure enough, as Tenchi began to enter the realm of Morpheus, Ryouko,
too, calmed down. Both slept peacefully until morning.



	Morning Star found himself between the galaxies. He was about to do
another jump when a being appeared in front of him. The dark, metal-covered
angel faced another angel, who bore a flaming sword that turned every way.
The angel stared at him, "Halt! Who would enter the Garden?"

	Morning Star grinned, "It is I, Lucifer, the Bearer of Light! I have
returned to the Garden to confront the Elder. But what would a cherubim like
you care?"

	The cherub frowned, "I am the Protector of the Sacred Garden. You
are not allowed here."

	Lucifer laughed, "Really? I have been here for years."

	The angel seemed to grow 3 feet taller than Lucifer, "Only in the
hearts of those you tempt. Those who speak the Sacred Name easily defeat 
you.
One day all shall speak the Name."

	Lucifer bared his bent sword. He said slowly, "Let us settle this
right now. I enter."

	The cherub looked into the eyes of Lucifer and said, "In the name of
God, leave here. By the Tetragammon, you will not pass."

	Lucifer swung his blade, which met the cherub's. However, before
Lucifer could react, the holy sword turned another way and passed Lucifer's
defenses, cutting him. Lucifer backed off, shrieking in pain.

	"Wretched slave of the Fool!" Lucifer spat, tending to his wound.

	"You cannot defy the will of God," the cherub said. "Leave here."

	Lucifer stepped away from the Gates of the Milky Way. In order to
enter, he knew that he needed to be summoned. He made preparations to gain
corporeal form once more. He would find a way in and find a way to force the
Elder to leave. He simply had to find a way. The was no other choice for 
him.


	"So, in a nutshell, you're saying that we get a dozen of our most
powerful systems back in return for halting all teaching on other planets?"
the chairman asked.

	Funaho shrugged, "More or less."

	The paper was teleported back to the ship soon after it was beamed
down. Funaho merely wanted to make the point that she had spent a long time
preparing these documents. She had known something of this sort were to
happen -- as Head of Intelligence, she knew that the Terran Empire did in
fact have majorities on their old planets.

	However, the chairman was hardly a fool and had picked Funaho's brain
clean of information scarcely 5 minutes after the meeting began. He smiled
in a friendly manner and said, "Funaho, even though we call ourselves an
empire, we cannot try to force our people on other planets from teaching.
Unless, of course, we are allowed a police force there."

	Funaho's eyes narrowed. She had figured that he had rummaged through
her mind - she remembered the histories - and she knew that he had caught 
her
in an impossible spot. It was very true that the Terran Empire could not
legally exert influence on the planets not given to them, but the teachers
of the Terran Ways could not be stopped otherwise. The Terran Empire would
get the systems eventually, for Jurai would not execute the teachers. To do
so would be to risk war. Funaho said softly, "Can't you just ask them to 
stop
teaching?"

	The chairman shook his head, "Could you just ask the Juraian people
of our soon-to-be-acquired worlds not to teach the ways of Tsunami? Of 
course
you could, but only a few people would stop. The teachers on both sides feel
as though they are performing a sacred mission."

	Funaho nodded slowly. Azusa looked carefully at the chairman and
said, "Why can't you police the planets? Of course, this police would have 
no
influence over the general public, only the few hermits mentioned in census
reports. Personally, I am surprised that they are even still alive."

	The chairman said, "Your reports are wrong, Azusa. If you don't
believe me, ask your wife. She knows the truth."

	Azusa looked to Funaho in disbelief. She glanced between Azusa and
the chairman for a few moments, then nodded a little. "It's true," she said
softly.

	Azusa's eyes widened. He stared at the chairman in disbelief, "How
could you have known? We have detected no transmissions from those outer
planets! There's no way they could have been communicating with you!"

	The chairman said, "I know the truth of the reports and can speak to
those on the outer planets in the same way I know that you get off watching
Misaki and Funaho going at it."

	Yousho's eyes became saucers at that statement and he quickly fled
the room, pausing only to excuse himself hurriedly. Azusa merely scratched
his head, "Hell, man, that's been known publicly for at least 3,000 years!
Even longer, if you listened to the tabloids."

	The chairman hung his head, "Okay, that was supposed to shock you. I
learned it through telepathy just before we sat down. I telepathically
scanned yourself and Funaho."

	Azusa shrugged, "That's okay. I slipped a 'happy berry' into your
drink."

	The chairman grinned, "I know. I exchanged cups with Yousho."

	Washuu, who had been silent up until that point, joined in the
laughter with the others. At the bottom of the shrine stairs, Yousho was
enjoying a trip of the type that he hadn't felt since leaving Jurai. Indeed,
all was happy thoughts and games and joys for the mighty Yousho. His parents
offered to close tonight's meetings, to resume them tomorrow when the
chairman finally forced his hand.

	"Listen, I'm going to say something. Basically, I can't stop my
teachers unless we control the planets, which is what will end up happening
if they are allowed to continue. Jurai cannot begin an Inquisition against
the teachers without causing a war that none of us want, and which would
probably weaken both empires to the point that a third group could enter the
picture and conquer us both. So, I'm suggesting that you cede over the 38% 
of
your Empire that currently has a majority of Terran supporters."

	Azusa shook his head, saying, "We don't want a war, either, for
precisely the same reasons. If we cede over 38% of our Empire, either in one
large chunk or several small parcels, the people will demand war. It seems
that all paths lead to war."

	Washuu spoke up, "Perhaps we can get Tsunami to agree to this. My
sister is rather stubborn when it comes to certain matters, so I don't know
if she'll agree to this. But if she does, then the citizens of Jurai could
call for war all day and nothing would happen."

	Funaho shook her head and said, "I don't see why she wouldn't agree.
She has always seemed to be rather peaceable to us."

	The chairman snorted, "You didn't live 50,000 years ago. However, if
she is willing to commit to peace, then I suppose that I can forgive her 
past
transgressions. Go in peace, Azusa, Funaho."


	At the Gates of the Garden, the cherubim noticed that Lucifer had not
shown himself in some time. He reached out telepathically to Michael to warn
him of a possible intrusion by the Morning Star. He then gazed back out
across the seas of galaxies, content.



	Lucifer, cloaked as a follower of Terra, landed on Jurai. He knew
what the fastest way was to start a war -- terrorism. He also knew that if
both Tsunami and Washuu were at war, the negative emotions from this galaxy
would be enough to allow him entry. He would destroy this universe and 
Tokimi
herself, for no other way would awaken her.

	He teleported into the Main Council Chamber while the Holy Council
was debating the Terra issue. All members were shocked to see a Terran
Mystick appear in front of their dais. A murmur flew throughout the hall. 
One
of the Council members demanded that he identify himself. The new arrival
looked directly into a camera and shouted, "Justice for Terra! I come in the
name of the Chairman's secret organization!"

	A few Councilmen stood and demanded that he leave. The mystick
grinned and waved his hands in a complex pattern. Suddenly, powerful
bolts of sheer life-sucking negative energy flew across the room, killing
several dozen councilmen. The various cameras caught the disturbance, and
planetary shields went up, assuming that a full-blown attack was coming.

	The mage's attack continued for a few seconds more, wiping out over
90% of the Council. It was at that time, however, that Tsunami herself began
to focus her attention on the activity there. All her efforts were a few
moments late, unfortunately. The follower of Terra had already vanished,
leaving as he came -- bending the very fabric of space-time around himself.
Tsunami only saw the tell-tale aftershock of dimensional gating. She sent
the message directly to Azusa's ship. Meanwhile, Lucifer had appeared in
high Earth orbit.


	Azusa and Funaho stood to leave. They were in the midst of making
formal farewells, when an aide beamed directly to the temple grounds. He
charged in, begging for Azusa's attention. He and Funaho turned with a sneer
to the aide, who humbly beseeched their forgiveness. The aide stammered out,
"There's been an attack on Jurai!"

	Azusa roared, "WHAT? Chairman, Lady Washuu, forgive us for leaving
so soon. Flagship, beam us up at once!"

	Azusa stormed to his throne, where he demanded that he see footage
of the attack. He remembered the last attack on Jurai, 700 years ago, and 
was
very worried. He saw every second of footage with Funaho. After all 7 
seconds
were played, Tsunami explained, "I sensed an ancient evil presence, but when
I went to view it directly, all I saw was a piece of bent space-time. I
think that he got in the same way he got out, space-time bending."

	Azusa frowned, "We don't have any way to counter it?"

	Tsunami shook her head a little, saying, "It's a direct modification
of reality, but it's within the rules."

	Azusa grumbled out a thanks to Tsunami, then ordered the ship to
move out. Funaho began to speak to him, but Azusa's face spoke volumes of 
the
anger within him. She wisely retired to bed. She knew that when he got 
angry,
it was best to just let him run with it until time let him settle down a 
bit.
She just hoped that she could convince him otherwise. However, she did know
that war was virtually guaranteed. She knew what Azusa was thinking: the
Chairman's negotiations were a trick. She doubted it was true, but she still
had to find her. It was her job to find out.


	"This is the chairman, Funaho. Is something wrong?"

	Funaho frowned and said, "You're damn right something's wrong! I
want to know about this!"

	She showed the recording to the Chairman and Washuu. They looked at
the attack, looked at each other, and asked each other simultaneously, "Do
you know anything about this?"

	They shook their heads and turned back to Funaho. "I'm sorry, Funaho,
we don't know anything about it," Washuu said.

	Funaho cast a dubious glance at the two. She said, "My husband tends
to disagree. What's this about a 'secret organization'? Is this the same
organization that dates back to Atlantis?"

	Washuu frowned, "How dare you insinuate that one of the Mage Council
would attack in such an underhanded manner! The Inner Council would never-"

	Funaho spat back, "Then explain your student's and daughter's actions
700 years ago! We know that Kagato was working with in tandem with Terran
Inner Council members and sent Ryouko after-"

	The comm screen cut off. Washuu left the temple without another word.
The chairman turned the channel back on. He caught Funaho just as she was
walking away. "Funaho, listen to me," he said, "You knew that you shouldn't
have said that."

	Funaho nodded. She said, "Listen, it's late and most of my friends
have just been evaporated by a Terran or who-knows-what. Please don't 
lecture
me."

	The chairman shook his head. He said, "She's a bit touchy when it
comes to Kagato. To be honest, I think that if you were here, she'd have 
torn
your head off and bludgeoned you with it. She doesn't like being accused for
Kagato's actions."

	Funaho replied, "She needs to take some responsibility for his
actions! Well, do you have an answer for who attacked us?"

	The chairman shook his head, "I don't know who it was. It was none
of us."

	Funaho said, "That's not very reassuring. I need to know who did it?"

	The chairman smiled, saying, "As far as I know, it was the devil!"

	Funaho snickered and said, "Yeah, right. Seriously, find out by the
time we get back to Jurai, or we will be forced to go to war!"

	The chairman said, "I'll begin a crackdown. The attack was far too
powerful to be from anywhere but Terra. I'll keep in touch."

	The chairman cut the comm and immediately summoned the Council to
its secret chamber.


	Above Earth, Lucifer was snickered delightedly. The Juraian flagship
had detached from orbit, but Funaho was desperately trying to talk the
chairman to find out about the attack on Jurai. Lucifer heard the entire
conversation and knew that it was in vain. His disguise was uncanny, for he 
had
cloaked himself very heavily. If Tsunami had been able to see him, he would
have been forced to fight her right there. Fortunately, he was able to get 
away
fast enough. There would be war, and he spoke the truth for once -- his 
forces
would eat the entirety of the Garden. Sadly, he was extremely vulnerable in 
his
corporeal form, so he left to marshal his forces.


	Lucifer disbanded his corporeal form and headed back out beyond the
galaxy. He ensured that the Juraians saw the Terran mystic kill those
Juraian Elders. Soon, full-scale war would occur and he could liberate 
Tokimi
from herself.


	The delicious smell of food popped Tenchi into the waking world.
Ryouko followed suit when the aroma drifted to her a few seconds later.
"Good morning, Tenchi," Ryouko purred out.

	"Good morning, Ryouko," Tenchi said with a smile. "Thank you for
staying with me last night."

	Ryouko put her arms around Tenchi. "Thank you for letting me stay,
Tenchi."

	Tenchi would have held Ryouko, but nature had other plans. He
smiled at Ryouko and said, "Umm, Ryouko, I need to take care of few things
right quick."

	Ryouko sat up, confused, and Tenchi made a beeline for the bathroom.
She shrugged, willed some clothes on, and floated downstairs for breakfast.
She saw Aeka and Mihoshi already waiting at the table. Washuu was nowhere to
be seen. "Mom," Ryouko sent through her empathic link.

	Inside Ryouko's mind, the Pits of Hell responded. A demon stepped
forth and, in a voice that would make a believer out of Kagato, said, 
"What?"

	Ryouko grew two sweatdrops. She knew that the Pits of Hell implied
that Washuu was either seriously upset or in the midst of PMS. Ryouko told
Washuu that breakfast is about to be ready. The demon announced that Washuu
was not hungry and not to disturb her any longer. Ryouko grew yet another
sweatdrop and dropped the conversation.

	Ryouko floated over to the table and sat down beside Aeka. Aeka
turned to Ryouko and said, "Who was thumping around on the roof last night?
Surely you and Tenchi didn't go up there!"

	Ryouko shook her head. She said, "Actually, he was busy having
nightmares."

	Aeka nodded and said, "To be honest, I was having nightmares last
night, too."

	Ryouko frowned for a moment, then said, "That thumping you heard was
me squaring off with some form of demon. That is, until that weird guy
made her disappear. It all happened so fast."

	Mihoshi smiled and added in, "Last night, I dreamt that Ryo-Ohki,
Sasami, and I were at the Galaxy Police Headquarters! We went on this big
adventure to the hideout of the infamous Poyo Gang, and then I arrested them
all while Sasami and Ryo-Ohki freed the hostages."

	Aeka and Ryouko looked at each other and shrugged. Tenchi came down
the stairs about this time and greeted Aeka and Mihoshi. Sasami and Ryo-Ohki
emerged from the kitchen while Tenchi was taking his seat. Sasami set the
food down and asked, "Where's Yousho and Washuu?"

	Ryouko gave an uncomfortable smile. She said, "I don't think Washuu's
coming to any meals today."

	Sasami frowned and said, "That's not good for her! How about Yousho?"

	Tenchi stood and said, "I'll go get him."

	Tenchi went outside and stopped in his tracks as he saw his
grandfather by the lake. He was completely stark naked and was running 
around
in circles giving praises to the four directions and the sun. Tenchi, vowing
to speak to a psychiatrist, turned and went into the house. Sasami said from
the table, "Did you find him?"

	Tenchi nodded as he walked over to eat. "He won't be at breakfast
today. I also recommend that you all stay inside for a while."

	Aeka turned to Tenchi. "Is something wrong, Tenchi?" she asked.

	Tenchi contemplated the question for a moment. He smiled and said,
"I think he might be doing some ritual right now."



	Yousho felt GOOD. God ran around with him, singing happily of the
wonders of nature. Yousho was secure in knowing that any sin was long-since
forgiven and that all was right. Fortunately, he had kept his disguise up,
because he knew that the others, and especially Aeka, would be shocked to
find out his true form. The happy berry lasted several hours, so the midday
sun would find Yousho still dancing, but the evening sun would not.


Author's Notes:

        Just the usual malarkey. Tenchi and co. is owned by AIC and Pioneer/
LDC. The Council of Magicians is my own idea. Of course, this whole
thing wouldn't be possible without K'thardin's help. Thanks, dude!
I'd also like to add kudos to Lita! Not only a great writer, she gave me
many great points of advice. Lookin' forward to what she says about this ^_^
Tell me what you think about this fic! Do you like it? Hate it? I need to
know. Write me at magus_the_dark@hotmail.com and let me know. BTW, is anyone
actually reading this? I'd really like to know that my work isn't all in
vain! Send me that feedback (you know you wanna).

MTD

