

	The mother screamed. The baby took its first breath and began to
cry. Suddenly, unnaturally, all went silent. In the place of the hospital's
maternity ward was empty void. A pinpoint of light appeared in the void. It
grew closer and betrayed the form of a winged being. However, the winged
being appeared to be the source of the light as he drew nearer. The being
could be human if not for the wings. He smiled and withdrew his blade. Only
then was Tenchi aware of himself.

	"Well, my boy, it has come to this," the angel said.

	"Who are you? What do you want?" Tenchi asked as he attempted to
summon up his internal power, the Wings of the Light Hawk.

	"Who am I?" the angel asked with a sneer on his face. "Why, I am
the sunderer of the Qabala!"

	"What?" Tenchi asked. "I don't understand."

	"I am ignorance, fear, tyranny, and hatred. I am the poisoner, and
I am the fundamentalist who seeks to strike all. At least, that's what my
enemies say. In fact, I merely have a secret to share with you, Tenchi."

	"How do you know my name? Is this a dream?" Tenchi asked, befuddled.

	"Ah, yes, I can sense your inner power. Only one person has such
power. Of course I'd know the name of someone so noble! As per your second
question, I'd like to hear you define 'dream.' Your body isn't moved, your
mind is."

	"But how?"

	The angel sneered once more. "Tenchi, you must realize that I see the
truth. I have been maligned since the beginning. Then again, so was Galileo.
Tenchi, do you want to know the truth?"

	Tenchi had shaken off most of his confusion at this point. This
encounter seemed to be a waking dream -- and Tenchi accepted that. The boy
looked at the angel and said, "You are the most beautiful thing I have
ever seen."

	The angel smiled and said, "I know that, but do you want to hear the
truth?"

	Tenchi shook his head. What did I just say? he thought. He looked
back at the angel. He shrugged, "If you're offering, I'm interested."

	"I was hoping you'd say that. You see, not many people like to hear
the truth. Thank you for listening," the angel said.

	The winged being gestured his hands, and a complete image of the
universe appeared, surrounding Tenchi. The angel smiled at the boy's wonder.
"Tenchi, none of this is real."

	Tenchi nodded, "I know that."

	The angel shook his head, "No, you don't. Tenchi, that image holds
power. To touch it here is to touch it in your waking world. The important
thing is that none of it exists. _YOU_ do not exist."

	Tenchi looked at the angel, "What do you mean? I certainly do exist!"

	The angel laughed, "Don't worry, my boy. I don't exist, either. It's
not a bad thing, unless you want non-existence to be a bad thing. However,
merely wishing you existed doesn't mean you do."

	"But you mentioned my power. What did you mean?"

	"Hey, even this illusion plays by rules. It's good to follow them.
Anyway, imagine yourself as a dream and nothing more. You and your universe
are all the dream of some being that wanted to be a deity. Now, consider me
as someone who understands all of this and, being a loyal servant of this
deity-wannabe, attempts to break said deity-wannabe out of its dream.
Granted, this will cause the destruction of this entire illusionary universe,
but that's just the price one must pay."

	"So," Tenchi said, "let me get this straight. I'm not real, you're
not real, and you're here to--"



                        The Magery Chronicles
                        Story IV: Empire's Dusk
                        Chapter 5: Truth


	He never got to finish. He found himself sitting up in bed, drenched
in sweat. He shook his head. Man, he thought, that was a dream? It seemed so
real.

	A knock on his door broke his reverie. A soft voice said, "Tenchi,
are you awake?"

	Tenchi got up and walked over to the door. When he opened it, he was
unsurprised to see Aeka. She walked in, and he closed the door. "Aeka, I
didn't think you were going to come over," Tenchi said softly.

	Aeka sat down on Tenchi's bed. He sat down beside her. Aeka shook her
head, softly responding, "I wasn't going to, Tenchi. I thought it would upset
Ryouko. She really doesn't know what has been happening between us, Tenchi. 
I thought about it, but I realized that if I came over, I'd be hurting 
Ryouko, and I'd be putting you in a bad position. I didn't want to do that."

	Tenchi smiled and said, "I appreciate that, Aeka. So why are you here
anyway?"

	Aeka looked down towards the floor. "I'm here now for the same reason
that I came in two weeks ago," she said. "Another nightmare. This one more
horrible than the others. I watched a being destroy you, rip you limb from
limb, and force you to.. to.. oh, Tenchi, I can't say it. It was so horrible,
I just couldn't be alone. I only hope you aren't mad."

	Tenchi put his arm around Aeka. He kissed her cheek and said, "Aeka,
you don't have to worry. These past weeks made me realize something. Aeka,
I don't know how to say it -- I love you."

	Aeka gasped when she heard him say those words. She looked at him,
astonished. He smiled at her, and then she threw her arms around him. They
began kissing each other. Neither heard Ryouko enter or leave.


	* Knock, knock *

	Washuu ignored the knocking on her door and continued to work. When
the crab chime sounded, she spun around, ready to drop a flower pot on the
head of the intruder. Instead, she saw her daughter in full battle garb,
light sword at the ready. Washuu quickly left her former spot as the light
saber went through the soft cushion.

	Ryouko simply gave off a low growl as she pressed her attack on her
mother. She screamed, "IT'S YOUR FAULT!" as she swung time and again. Washuu
wasn't used to using her adult body, but she managed to dodge all attacks.
Within a few moments, Washuu was able to access the gems and shut down their
power flow to Ryouko. Ryouko's light sabre vanished with a flicker. Washuu
then found herself blocking punches and kicks as Ryouko continued to scream,
"IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT!"

	Washuu then accessed some of her equipment, which grabbed Ryouko and
held her fast, binding her even when she tried to phase. Ryouko struggled
with all her might against her bindings, and, upon realizing that she could
not get free, resigned herself to screaming at her mother.

	Washuu, becoming very exsacerbated at this point, cut all sound waves
in her lab. Within a few minutes, Ryouko had stopped screaming. Washuu
reinstated normal sound waves and said angrily, "Are you quite done, Ryouko?"

	"You bitch," Ryouko said in a dangerous tone, hate shooting from her 
eyes like lasers, "You made me lose Tenchi!"

	Washuu shook her head, "Wait a minute! What are you talking about?"

	Ryouko spat towards her mother, and growled, "You locked me away from
him for weeks, and now Aeka has him. If you hadn't have dragged me away from
him, I might still have a chance." She began to sob, as tears of rage began
to fall. She continued, between sobs, "I loved him, and now he says that he
loves Aeka. I lost him."

	Washuu stared at Ryouko with a cold, hard stare. She said flatly, 
"What does that have to do with me?"

	Ryouko continued to sob, managing to say, "You took me away and that
was it. I've lost him forever. I can't try to kill Aeka over it, for then
he'd hate me. It wasn't her fault, either. I was there that night! He wanted
to be with both of us. You had to get in the way. YOU PROMISED TO LET ME LIVE
MY LIFE!"

	Washuu's stare had not let up, nor the deadly flatness in her voice.
"Are you finished, Ryouko? I didn't do anything to you. It just happened. I
had nothing to do with it. I'm sorry that you think the way you do."

	Ryouko's sobbing continued as she struggled to continue talking. "I
can't beleive this. You knew! When you were talking to him earlier this
evening, he told you. You got ready for me. You knew this was going to happen
and didn't do anything. Why?"

	Washuu walked up towards Ryouko, until only inches separated their 
faces. "You may be my daughter, but I won't let anyone accuse me like that.
Unless you have something more to say, I'll be going to bed. Whether or not
this means keeping you here in the dark coldness depends on your next words."

	Ryouko's tears continued to roll down her face. "What did he say,
mom? I really want to know."

	Washuu stepped away from her and shook her head, "I'm glad you have
more to say than empty accusations. True, we talked about him and Aeka.
However," she paused for emphasis, "He doesn't really know what he is
thinking or doing. I have a good feeling that he loves the both the you, but
he doesn't know how to say it."

	Ryouko was silent for a while. The tears slowed to a stop. She looked
at Washuu and said, "Did he really say that?"

	Washuu shrugged, and said, "Not in so many words, but he meant it."

	Ryouko looked at the floor. She looked back up at Washuu and said,
"Mom, I thought you had taken Tenchi away from me. It all seemed to make
sense to me. Now that I know.. what I'm trying to say is.. I mean.."

	Washuu shook her head and smiled. "Sorry for trying to hack you up,
mom?" Washuu offered.

	Ryouko's bindings went loose. Ryouko walked up to her mother and
stood face-to-face with her. They stared at each other for a few moments,
not in rage, but in understanding. Washuu said, "Are you going to be okay?"

	Ryouko nodded slowly. Washuu said, "Well, I have work to do. Don't
worry, Ryouko. It'll be okay. Just don't try anything like that again. I made
a promise to you, Ryouko, and I'm going to keep it. I always keep my
promises. Okay?"

	"Okay," Ryouko said softly. 

	Ryouko began walking to the door. She turned to see that Washuu had
already gone back to work. Sighing a little, she walked out.


	Aeka slept soundly beside Tenchi. He prayed to all the gods that no
one, especially his dad, would come in, for any reason. After he uttered the
magic words, "I love you" to Aeka, they had started making out. In
retrospect, Tenchi realized that he should have tried to stay in control of
himself, but in saying those words to Aeka, he felt strangely liberated.
Before long, Tenchi found himself making love with Aeka. Sex wasn't the awe-
inspiring thing Tenchi thought it would be, but it definitely rated high
on his list. They were sure to keep quiet during the event, as not to wake
up anyone else.
	
	If anything, Tenchi found out how much he really did care for Aeka.
He wasn't sure how to say "I love you" to her before, but he now understood
another facet of love. There was an almost spiritual side to the experience,
one that Tenchi wanted to figure out. There would be time for that tomorrow.
Now Aeka was nude and sleeping beside Tenchi, cuddling him tightly. Both were
under the covers, but all the same Tenchi was praying that no one would 
disturb them.

	The gods had put him on hold.

	"Tenchi," a soft voice whispered into the boy's ear. He turned to
see Ryouko, and nearly jumped out of his skin. "R-R-Ryouko?" he whispered
softly.

	Ryouko looked down at the two with a shake of her head, "Looks like
she took me up on that offer," she whispered softly to no one in particular.
She saw that Aeka was holding onto him like there was no tomorrow. She shook
her head again, and whispered into Tenchi's ear, "We need to talk."

	"Can it wait until tomorrow? Now is a really bad time, and I'm 
seriously tired, besides," Tenchi whispered back as softly as he could.

	Ryouko gave a devilish look and whispered, "I can wake you up in my
special way, and Aeka won't know a thing."

	Tenchi grimaced and whispered, "What do you need to talk about?"

	"Yes, Ryouko, what about?" Aeka said groggily. "Your whispering woke
Tenchi and I up."

	"Aeka," Ryouko said, "I really need to talk to Tenchi. It's about,
well, us."

	Tenchi's groggy mind thought about it for a moment. Suddenly, it
occurred to him -- he was *really* freakin' tired. The only way he'd stay
awake is to have some tea. "Listen, Ryouko. How about if Aeka and I get
dressed and we all have some tea."

	Ryouko shook her head, "I really need to talk to you alone."

	Aeka said, "You said that you wanted to talk about 'us.' Shouldn't
I be in this conversation as well?"

	Ryouko mulled it over a bit. However, she couldn't refuse without
looking very obvious and suspicious, so she relented. Tenchi and Aeka quietly
got dressed. Tenchi's mind was still in operation, however. As he was pulling
on his nightshirt, he said, "I'll make the tea."


	After they each had a little tea, Ryouko began by saying, "I saw
what happened tonight. I heard you, Tenchi."

	Tenchi gasped a little. Oh no, Tenchi thought, had Aeka and I not
been quiet after all? I'll know by morning.

	Ryouko said softly, "Tenchi, I heard you say 'I love you' to Aeka.
Does this mean that you decided to choose her?"

	Boy, cuts straight to the chase, Tenchi thought. He was seated by
Aeka on the couch, and Ryouko was sitting on another cushion. He thought of
what to say, but Aeka and Ryouko were looking at him expectantly. "Well,"
he began, "I really don't know how to say this.." He paused, trying to find
the words.

	Ryouko looked away from Tenchi and towards the floor. A tear was
beginning to form. "I understand, Tenchi. It was the best time of my life,
and it had to end sometime."

	Tenchi shook his head, "That's not what I'm trying to say. I don't
really have the right words for it except, well, I love both of you. I want
to be with both of you. You both love me, right? Well, I want to return that
love to the both of you."

	Aeka and Ryouko both looked at Tenchi with smiles gracing their
faces. He grinned, "I was just worried that you two might not understand, or
that you two might go and do something wacky to get me to love one of you
more. That's why I never said anything or did anything. Ryouko, what happened
between Aeka and myself occurred because I didn't know if you would be coming
back. I thought that I could then act on my feelings. I don't know.. I just
remember that night. It just seemed so right, us three like that."

	Ryouko phased over to Tenchi's side, opposite Aeka. They both looked
at Tenchi with eyes sparkling with love. He placed an arm around each of
them. Suddenly, they heard sobbing and chuckling behind them. They turned to
see Noboyuki and Washuu each filming them. Noboyuki was sobbing softly and
Washuu was chuckling. Tenchi, Ryouko, and Aeka just stared into the cameras
like deer staring into headlights. "Keep on going," Washuu said. "Don't mind
us," Noboyuki said.

	"Like hell we will!" the three said simultaneously. Ryouko phased out
as Tenchi and Aeka went upstairs. To prevent the two voyeurs from gaining any
more data, each went to their own rooms.

	Noboyuki winked at Washuu as he went back to his room. Washuu winked
back as turned to go into her lab. As she went into her lab, she noticed the
presence of several other beings. She got ready for action as she went into
the main part of her lab. She was very surprised to see her new visitors.


	"Um, chairman," a voice said from inside the lab, "I think we forgot
about the time zone differences."

	"It appears so," another voice responded.

	Washuu walked in, prepared to dish out the most damage that her
equipment could deal. She entered the main part of her lab when she saw nine
figures, each dressed in rather unique ways. One of them, an old man in
brown robes decorated with msyterious alphabets, stood and faced Washuu.
"Ah, the woman of the hour!" he said.

	Washuu recognized them immediately. She smiled and said, "Well, if it
isn't the Council of Mages. How did you nine manage to get in here?"

	The chairman chuckled and pointed to a simple wooden door that
floated approximately three feet above the ground. He smiled and said, "The
hard part was finding your dimension. Those defenses you had where hastily
disabled for the time being. Remember -- those defenses were built by someone
who did not know of the mystickal approaches. I trust you are making new
defenses."

	Washuu shook her head and said, "What need have I for defenses? I am
a goddess, for crying out loud."

	The chairman nodded. "True," he began, "You are the First. We are the
Nine who reflect you back onto this world. We have come to you seeking to
rebuild the Terran Empire."

	Washuu's eyes widened a bit. Of course, she thought, why else would
they be here? Her eyes narrowed slightly, "So, explain to me how you would do
this and why."

	The chairman nodded. He bent the light waves to create images. The
first image was of the Moon. The image focused on the dark side of its
surface. A great fortress sat upon it. "This is the Floating City. Tsunami
destroyed it in the Great War of 50,000 years ago. We have rebuilt it and
await to launch it. When launched, all Terrans will understand their
birthright."

	Washuu nodded, but said skeptically, "Yes, but how do you know that
everyone will?"

	The chairman smiled, "On board this is the Balance. It is a special
mineral that has reactivated the subconcious of all those currently on Mars
and Venus. They support our resolution."

	Washuu nodded and the chairman continued in his presentation. A new
image arose. This new image appeared to be somewhere outside of the solar
system, yet within the Oort cloud. It appeared to be a great number of ice
chunks. "Within each ice chunk," the chairman said, "is a fully-crewed ship
capable of destroying a Juraian vessel."

	Washuu was shocked. There were so many chunks of ice in the image.
"What of the crew?" she asked.

	"They are all living in stasis. Our process is so complete that we
need only give 1 year of life for 20,000 years of sleep. Only recently did we
reawaken ourselves," the chairman said.

	"This is all very good," Washuu said, "But why do this now? Aren't
there treaties against this?"

	"Ah, you refer to the treaties with the Juraians. There is no need
for worry -- we are about to renegotiate. Also, we are not forbidden from
choosing our system of governance. We want to do this to show that tyke
Azusa that he will not be able to finish what his father started. We are
going to demonstrate our power."

	Washuu nodded, "Very prudent when attempting to reforge a treaty.
What is the potential for unrest, though?"

	The chairman smiled, "Absolutely none. Remember that everyone here
was here 50,000 years ago, simply in other bodies. The people will not have
the typical adjustment period. Instead, they will know of great things now
and even greater things to come."

	Washuu pondered her response for a few moments. "I see.. my 
calculations coincide with yours, chairman. May the glory of Atlantis be
remembered fully in the hearts and minds of all its people."

	Elated, the Council left to fulfill their duties.


	"Emperor! EMPEROR!" an aide screamed as he ran to Emperor Azusa's
throne aboard the Juraian Imperial Ship.

	"What is the meaning of all this racket?" Azusa demanded of the aide.

	"The Terrans! Just-- LOOK!"

	The aide pointed to the holoscreen which showed a real-time image of
Terra. Terra's moon was launching something in orbit around the planet.
Suddenly, the planet was engulfed in a bright light. Within moments, the
light had faded.

	The aide said excitedly, "All our spies on Terra have been killed.
Lynch mobs took them and burnt them."

	The Emperor shook his head and found that he was standing up. He
sat down and said, "Stay on course. This is Jupiter, correct? We will be on
Terra soon enough."

	The aide bowed and left.


	"Tenchi!" Yousho shouted, hitting his grandson for the fifth time.
Normally, this would not bother Yousho, but they had only started practice
three minutes before.

	"I'm sorry, grandpa. Something -- incredible -- happened last night,"
Tenchi said.

	"Very well, talk to me later about it," Yoshou said, following his
words with a sharp *twack* as bokken connected skull once more.

	"Oww.." Tenchi said, picking himself up slowly.

	"Tenchi, I have changed my mind. We will talk now. Something must be
going on. You normally put up a better fight. What's wrong?"

	"Grandpa, Aeka and I..  last night.. it was incredible," Tenchi said
in starts and stops.

	"Tenchi, quit speaking in phrases and tell me what you are trying to
say."

	"Grandpa, Aeka and I made love last night," Tenchi said, turning a
little red as he said so.

	Yousho simply nodded, "Was she good?"

	Tenchi was a bit confused, expecting his words to have a greater 
shock on the old man. Tenchi caught his bearings and said, "Well, I guess."

	Yousho laughed out loud. "Tenchi, my boy, do you expect to shock an
old man like that? Now, if you had told me that you spent an extra hour
practicing your forms, then I'd be shocked. When you've had as many children
as I had, you become immune to shocks such as those."

	Tenchi shook his head, "Well, it still was wonderful."

	Yousho chuckled, "No doubt, but you are now fighting me. If I was an
enemy, I would not wait for you to swap bed stories. Now, prepare yourself!"

	It was a full ten minutes before Tenchi enjoyed another bokken upside
his head.


	Sasami cooked dinner that night for everyone. When Noboyuki got home,
he had a moderately stoned look about him. He smiled to everyone and said,
"I'm home," before sitting down to a dinner that was being brought out.

	Tenchi looked at his father in amazement. "Umm, dad, anything of
interest happen at work?"

	Noboyuki nodded. "It was about lunchtime, when all of the sudden 
there was a bright light. All of the sudden, everything just seemed to fit
together, as though all of history was gathering just for me. It just felt
so wonderful. I looked down at some plans that had been giving me difficulty,
and I felt a deep inspiration. I finished a month-long project in 3 hours. Of
course, I will check it tomorrow, but it seemed to work out. The odd thing
is that all my associates were doing the same. We were very inspired today,
and I still feel so inspired."

	Tenchi nodded as the remainder of the meal was set before him. "I
didn't see any light here. I wonder why not?"

	Washuu said, in between bites, "This area is in a newly-designated
Juraian Safe Zone. Anyone with a strong concentration of non-Terran blood
will not be affected by anything the Council does to awaken humanity."

	Noboyuki stood up, "Awakened! That's it! That's how I feel! It's
incredible!" 

	He resumed his seat and continued. Sweatdrops were the order of the
room for the others, except for Mihoshi, who turned to Noboyuki. "Noboyuki,
you look so bright! I can hear you more than anyone!" Noboyuki heard Mihoshi
say.

	Noboyuki said, "Really, Mihoshi?" out loud. No one had heard what
Mihoshi had said, for she spoke telepathically to Noboyuki.

	Everyone looked at him and Mihoshi, who proceeded to giggle in her
bubbly way. Everyone but Mihoshi and Noboyuki shook their heads and continued
to feast upon the delicious meal that Sasami made.



	After the dinner, Sasami and Mihoshi busied themselves with the 
cleanup as they normally did. Noboyuki, Washuu, and Yousho went into their
own respective havens. Tenchi went up to his room and gathered his bathing 
supplies. He truly needed a nice, hot bath alone to collect his thoughts. So
much had happened, and he needed some time to think.

	Aeka and Ryouko went outside immediately after dinner. They both
said that they would return after a while. Tenchi sighed as he entered the
onsen. The hot water flowed over his skin and relaxed him completely. He sat
in ecstasy for a while, simply being. His mind was almost about to ponder
his situation again when the angel from his dream appeared before him.



	Inside Washuu's lab, the redhead was doing a simple sensor sweep of
Terra. She had just noted that the Juraians would arrive the next day when
her entire lab went into red alert. She noticed the energy signature of a
very old figure inside the onsen. However, the signature was not one of
manifestation. Washuu also noted that Tenchi was in there. I'll wait and
see, Washuu thought. If this energy signature is who I think it is, Tenchi
has nothing to fear -- yet..


	"Tenchi," the angel said with a smile, "You never where able to
finish your words last night. Of course, you had more important things to
do. Not that I blame you, of course."
	
	"That's right," Tenchi said, recalling his dream, "You had told me
that the whole universe did not exist, nor did anything in it. But that was
just a dream, right?"

	"I told you it wasn't, Tenchi. You were there."

	Tenchi scratched his head in confusion, "How can that be? I was in
bed asleep."

	The angel shook his head, "Do not worry about it, Tenchi. The truth
in this case is highly technical. I suppose you consider it a sort of dream.
That is all well and good, but remember that it really happened."

	Tenchi shrugged, "Okay, so why are you here?"

	The angel grinned, "Remember what I told you about being able to 
touch the universe in your dreams?"

	Tenchi thought for a moment, then replied, "Yes, you said that to 
touch it in my dreams was to touch it in the real world."

	The angel nodded, "Precisely. Tenchi, do you often have waking 
dreams?"

	Tenchi chuckled, "Not really, although my waking world seems rather
surreal."

	The angel laughed heartily with Tenchi, "I suppose it would. I have 
to admit, Tenchi, for an illusion, you sure have it pretty good."

	Tenchi was beginning to wonder if this angel was only here to joke
around. As if in reponse, the angel traced a sigil in the air. The flaming
sword appeared as a result. Tenchi noticed that, up close, the sword looked
bent in several places. He looked back at the angel. The angel had some form
of writing upon his head that Tenchi did not recognize and his pleasant smile
had vanished without a trace.

	"Tenchi," the angel said slowly, "Do you wish to live a lie?"

	Tenchi shook his head, "No, not really. But I'm not living a lie. I'm
trying to figure out what I really think -- the truth."

	The angel frowned, accenting his darkly beautiful features. "Tenchi,"
he said, "I told you the truth. I ask again, why live a lie?"

	Tenchi shrugged and said, "It just doesn't seem like a lie. I am me."

	The angel shook his head, "You'll see clearly soon enough, my boy. 
You Terrans have long since been the bright ones. Tenchi, if you knew for a 
fact that your life was a lie, would you sacrifice that lie of a live for the
truth?"

	Tenchi, not wanting to sound selfish, agreed. The angel nodded, his
frown replaced with a smile, "Remember that, boy. Remember that well."

	Before Tenchi could get in another word, the angel had vanished. Only
the ancient markings remained where he once stood, although they vanished
quickly. Tenchi shook his head and settled back into the bath, content to 
soak more before trying to make heads or tails of anything.

				End Chapter 5