	

	"Mom, that was a fantastic trip, huh?" Ryouko, still manifesting her
three Light Hawk Wings, said to Washuu.

	Washuu was in adult form, manifesting ten Wings. She replied, "Well,
the family that trips together..."

	Ryouko grinned a moment and chuckled. The Wings faded from both
women. Ryouko turned to Tenchi and said, "So, what happened?"

	Tenchi just stared at Washuu and Ryouko and shook his head.



                        The Magery Chronicles
                        Story IV: Empire's Dusk
                        Chapter 4: Mighty Plans

	
	"Washuu," Tenchi began, "How did these gems vanish?"

	"Oh, they're Ryouko's gems. I certainly do not need them anymore."

	"Oh, okay.. sorry I asked.."

	"Is this Tsunami's doing?" Aeka asked.

	Washuu shook her head. Mihoshi interjected, "Aren't you hungry? You
haven't eaten in weeks!"

	Washuu and Ryouko chuckled. Washuu said, "I suppose I had better go
make dinner, huh?"

	Aeka added, "Have you seen Sasami?"

	Washuu smiled, "She's going to be okay. Now, let me go make dinner,
or else you five will go hungry."

	A new voice interjected from the couch, "Better make that six, 
Washuu."

	A man in a dark suit and reflective glasses sat on the couch. He had
a cigarette in his mouth and a cybernetic left arm. Ryouko, Aeka, and Tenchi
each prepared for the imminent conflict. Washuu scowled at the new figure.
Tenchi shouted, "Who are you?"

	The man stood, then immediately sat as an energy bolt shot from
Ryouko as a warning, missing his head by inches. The suited man chuckled,
"Not too nice around here, hmm?"

	"You are in league with the one who hurt Sasami, aren't you?" Aeka
asked, her voice not raised but filled with a dark and dangerous promise.

	The suit shook his head, "He was in error. I have come to fix that
error."

	Tenchi was furious, shouting, "If you are here to kill Sasami, 
prepare to die!"

	Washuu flashed an odd look at the man, then her face shone with
understanding. Mihoshi nodded, as well. "Tenchi," Mihoshi said, "he's not 
here to hurt anyone."

	Tenchi glanced at Mihoshi. "What do you mean?" he asked.

	The suited man smiled, saying calmly, "I am here to heal the girl,
not hurt her. It's a long, complex story, everyone. Washuu and I understand
it."

	Washuu nodded her head. Tenchi lowered his weapon a bit, but Ryouko
and Aeka refused to relax. "How do we know," Aeka asked, "that you haven't
taken control of Washuu's mind?"

	Washuu glanced over at Aeka with a look that said, "Are you trying
to be funny?" Washuu's keyboard appeared and the scientist pushed a button.
Aeka was quite surprised to feel a flower pot materialize atop her skull.
Washuu smirked and said, "Does that answer your question, Aeka?" She
snickered all the way into the kitchen to make dinner.

	Aeka nodded and relaxed her battle stance. "Well, then, are you here
to heal my little sister?" Aeka asked of the man.

	The man laughed heartily. "Of course I am! Why else would I be 
here?"

	Tenchi said, "Well, the one who hurt Sasami looked a lot like you,
and we just didn't want to take any chances. I apologize, sir."

	The man shook his head, "I'm just happy that you guys didn't kill
me. I should have known better than to materialize directly in your living
room. Ah, my name is John Omega."

	Ryouko nodded, "John Omega, eh? I'm Ryouko, the bride of Tenchi."
She wrapped her arms around Tenchi and winked at John.

	Aeka yanked Tenchi away from Ryouko. She shouted, "You are not the
bride of Tenchi! If he is anyone's husband, it should be me."

	John Omega laughed, distracting them both, "You two are a riot!
Hey, Washuu, do you know that your daughter's in here arguing with perhaps
one of my greatest foes?" He looked directly at the kitchen for a few
seconds after speaking.

	Aeka and Ryouko gaped at the man as Washuu said, "Yes, I know, and
I agree perfectly. You have a knack for this stuff, John."

	Mihoshi suddenly laughed, "Do you really think so, John?" John
looked at her for a few seconds, and then she blushed deeply and giggled.
"Do you *really* think so?" Mihoshi asked again.

	When John nodded, Mihoshi squealed in delight and ran into the 
kitchen. Aeka and Ryouko were both gaping at the man still, while Tenchi was
keeping himself busy trying to sort out what had just happened.

	John Omega looked at Ryouko and Aeka, then over at Tenchi. He walked
up to Tenchi and whispered into his ear, "I was communicating telepathically
with Washuu and Mihoshi. I'd wager that you had no idea that Mihoshi could
do that."

	Tenchi shook his head asked, "You think that's why she's always so
absent-minded?"

	Omega grinned, "I'm positive. You'd be scatter-brained, too, if you
heard everyone else's thoughts all the time."

	Tenchi nodded a bit, and he went to put away Tenchiken. Ryouko found
her tongue before Aeka and asked, "Omega, how do know Washuu is my mother?"

	John smiled, "Well, Little Ryouko-"

	"Don't call me that!" Ryouko scowled at John.

	John continued, as if Ryouko hadn't said a word, "Your mommy told
me about you already. You sure are a cute little girl."

	Ryouko snorted, "Got a thing for little girls, eh? You should see
Washuu sometime in her lab."

	John laughed, "Don't worry about it, Ryouko. Washuu told me that you
were a little sensitive about being called 'Little Ryouko.'"

	"Never mind that, Omega. You said something about Aeka."

	Aeka shook her head, finally recovering from her shock. "You called
me your greatest foe. Why do you say that? I've never seen you before," she
said with great puzzlement.

	John looked at Aeka with a dark expression in her eyes, "The people
of Jurai ruthlessly butchered our people millennia ago. I remember it in my
subconscious. The Council elders saw it and lost loved ones in the attack.
Now the Juraian Empire has reached its apex. It will fall."

	Aeka frowned and readied her battle stance once more. "So, what are
you going to do?" she asked, preparing to bring about a fast defense.

	John Omega's tachyon emitter whined to life. "Princess, I do not
recommend attempting anything odd. I will kill you before you can see me
do it. I came here in peace. I do not wish to harm anyone, but if you
attack me, you will be destroyed."

	Ryouko flew in between the two and floated up to John's face. She
breathed out, "If you try to attack her, I will kill you."

	John snorted, "You know I would never attack you, Ryouko. You are
not my enemy."
	
	Washuu came out with a big plate of food. She set it down and looked
over by the three. Mihoshi came out of the kitchen as well, carrying more
plates of food. Washuu walked over to the three.

	"Mr. Omega, Aeka, Ryouko, there is no need for this. Mr. Omega, I
recommend that you do what you came to do and leave," Washuu said.

	Mr. Omega nodded and walked into Washuu's lab. Aeka went to follow
him, but Washuu caught Aeka's arm. "Don't, Aeka. He won't harm the little
girl -- she is defenseless. You, on the other hand, are not helpless. He
remembers deep down the loss at the hands of Jurai."

	Aeka shook her head, "But the Terran Empire was evil and bent on
universal domination!"

	Washuu said softly, "Don't believe everything you're told, young
woman. They'll all lie to you if you are not careful." She smiled, "Come
on, sit down and eat. I'll go get Tenchi."

	Ryouko and Aeka both moved to protest, but Washuu was already gone.
They looked at each other, blinked, and sat down to eat with Mihoshi, who
was already digging in.



	"Tenchi," Washuu said, opening his door.

	Tenchi was sitting on his bed, looking down at his sword. He looked
up and saw Washuu. She sat down on the bed beside him. "Tenchi," Washuu
began.

	"Washuu, what did you and he discuss?" Tenchi asked.

	"Nothing at all, Tenchi. Nothing you need to know about."

	Tenchi turned toward Washuu, "Why do I feel like a spectator in 
all this?"

	"Hmm.. you're more like the eye of a storm. You're right in the
middle of it all, but you are the only part that is calm. How does it
feel?"

	"Nerve-racking. I don't know what's going on now."

	"Tenchi, we were discussing you, Aeka, Ryouko, the whole bunch."

	"What did John Omega think?"

	"It's not important. If I told you, it would mess everything up."

	"What about the gems? I thought Tsunami's power bound them into the
sword."

	Washuu shook her head, and said, "Tenchi, that's not why I came up
here. Those gems are mine, not Tsunami's. I want to ask you something."

	Tenchi's curiousity was raised. "What is it, Washuu?"

	Washuu looked concerned. She asked, "Tenchi, how do you feel about
my daughter?"

	"Well, I'm not sure.. the past few weeks, it's just been Aeka and
myself."

	"How do you feel about her?"

	"I think I might love her."

	Washuu looked at him sadly, "Do you know what love is?"
	
	"No."

	"Let me tell you something, Tenchi. If you love her, tell her. Molov
told me that he loved me constantly. Even after 20,000 years, I still want
to be with him. That's the power of love, Tenchi. It bonds even over great
distances. Are you happy that Ryouko has returned?"

	Tenchi smiled at Washuu, "Yes, but not really. Aeka and I have 
been growing closer. Much closer than we had been. I really think I love 
her, Washuu. It's just that.."

	Washuu's eyes flashed anger. She said, "So? Are you just going to 
let my daughter suffer? Are you just going to lead her on?"

	"No, Washuu. I don't want Ryouko to suffer. If I told her that I 
loved Aeka, she'd be heartbroken. She'd never forgive me."

	Washuu grew even angrier, "So you're just going to let her continue
believing that she has a place in your heart? How long will you hide it,
Tenchi?"

	Tenchi looked at the floor, "To be honest, Washuu, I'm not sure how
I feel. I know that I love Aeka. I just need some time to think." He looked
back at Washuu, "Why can't I love both?"

	Washuu's face suddenly dropped its anger. She took Tenchi into a
hug, "Tenchi, if you want to love them both, and you think you can make
both of them happy, then no one can stop you from loving both of them."

	Tenchi said softly, "I'd die for both of them. I'd die for any of
them. Does that mean I love them?"

	Washuu shook her head, "I'm sorry, Tenchi. Love is more than that.
But if you already feel that way, keep it in your heart. You're about to
face trying times, Tenchi. You'll think that everything in the universe
is against you. But never forget your love. Never forget your devotion. It's
the only way you'll make it."

	Tenchi broke the embrace and looked at Washuu. Tears were dripping
from her eyes. Washuu smiled at Tenchi and added, "I'm famished. Let's go
eat."

	Washuu stood, drying her eyes. She then passed her hand in front
of her face. If she had been crying, one would be hard-pressed to figure
it out. She and Tenchi walked downstairs and sat down at the table.

	Ryouko smirked, "You were with him a while, mom."

	Washuu gave a sultry smile and said, "I decided it was time to make
Tenchi into a man."

	Tenchi turned white as a ghost as Aeka and Ryouko began shouting at
Washuu.


	"Geez, those people sure are noisy," John Omega mumbled as he did
a final scan on Sasami. The Council did not ask him to kill Aeka, and likely
they did not even want him to. Still, to see a tremendous foe and be able to
do nothing was sheer torture. He brushed away those thoughts and shut off his
special device. The girl was now healed -- she would awaken in a few hours.

	"Who are you?" a feminine voice asked from a pool of shadows in the
lab.

	"Hmm? I am John Omega. Who are you?"

	Tsunami stepped forth from the shadows and began to glow radiantly.
"I am Tsunami of Jurai," she said softly. "Thank you for healing this girl."

	"Really, now. Tsunami, was it?" John knew precisely who it was:
The Dark One who destroyed Atlantis. Funny, John thought, she sure doesn't
seem all that evil. As soon as that thought passed his head -- he received
instructions through his neuro-comm-link: attack and destroy the Wicked One.
He linked his brain to his combat computers; their hatred for Tsunami flooded
him and became his thoughts.

	"Yes, I am Tsunami. Why have you healed this girl?"

	"Not for you to to know, Whore of the Dark Empire."

	Tsunami took a step back. She remembered those words being uttered to
her over 50,000 years ago. "What do you mean?" she asked.

	"Destroyer of Atlantis. Rapist of the Ten Sacred Halls. Oppressor
of Terra."

	Tsunami shook her head, "I do not understand why you say such
hateful words."

	"Robber of Jurai. Wicked sister of Washuu. Come now, I am ready to
face you. I do not know if the wards will work here, but I am ready all the
same," Omega's face was the embodiment of hatred and he spoke.

	Tsunami shook her head, "Why are you doing this?"

	Omega spat, "I do not forget. Neither does the Council."

	Omega's tachyon emitter came on with a whine. He sprouted huge
steel wings from his back and razor talons from his knuckles. He twitched a
bit and a softly-glowing ooze coated the metal.

	Tsunami shook her head, "Do not do this."

	Omega nodded, "I suppose you are right. Let us take it to Luna --
one of the parts _you_ so devastated."

	Tsunami spun around to find herself upon the side of Earth's moon
which faced the planet below. Omega charged Tsunami. She emanated 10 Wings
of the Light Hawk, blowing him back and causing him to slowly bounce along
the ground. Bits of skin were torn away, revealing metal underneath. He 
stood calmly. He broadcast telepathically towards Tsunami, "I am not a
human, but a cyborg. My brain is that of a human, but the body is not.
I can stay out here forever."

	He leapt into the air, using his wings to control his descent. When
he was 50 feet from her, she raised to block. She felt the connection and
struck back with a Light Hawk Wing. A few seconds later, his image came
down to strike her, then was cut in half. The tachyon emitters continued
their whine. The vacuum of space made short work of what remained of the
cyborg. Tsunami shook her head. She was going to offer him something. 
Perhaps this was what he truly wanted. Either way, Sasami would survive and
awaken soon.

	"Funny," Tsunami mumbled to herself, "I thought that was Washuu.
Why would she allow something like that in her lab?"



	While Tsunami was defending herself from an enraged cyborg, and 
while Washuu was defending herself from an enraged daughter and princess,
the people of Tosced II has troubles of their own.

	The universe rippled when he appeared. An angel of metal. Its
body and wings were metal. His robes were metal. His sword was metal as
well. He appeared just outside of Tosced II's atmosphere. He flew at one
of the planet's space stations. They fired upon him, but he was too small
to hit. Even though he was no more than 6 feet in height and had a sword no 
longer than 4 feet, he managed to take out the station in one shot. He 
swung his blade and the station exploded.

	"Sir! Sir! Post #34 has just gone down! Unidentified being heading
towards the planet!" an underling shouted from his display on the planet.

	The being flew into the atmosphere at a high rate. However, the
atmosphere had no effect on him. He did not appear to grow hot or even
show signs of burning up. However, the ground-based lasers were firing upon
him. One laser hit, and his metal body slagged off, revealing the most
beautiful being the people of Tosced had ever seen.

	Appearing as a winged human, the angel was darkly beautiful. His
skin was pale white, his hair had a light blonde color. His wings were
dazzlingly white, surrounding him with a halo of light. His sword was a
tongue of flaming adamantium with a mithral hilt. His robes seemed to glow
with a natural radiance. News cameras were turned on him, and the people
watched his graceful fluid motions in silent awe. Even the computers that
assisted the beauracracy stopped functioning in awe of his presence.

	The man smiled, revealing blindingly white teeth. He took his sword
and drove it into the ground. The planet rumbled and screamed in eternal
pain. A column of plasma fire shot out of the other side of Tosced II. The
angel withdrew his blade and spoke "HVHY" in ancient Hebrew. Tosced II
began to rumble and collapse in upon itself. The people screamed and 
perished, sharing the agony of their planet.

	The white angel stood in the midst of the chaos. He raised his hands
and the dead arose. They joined the army of the dead that followed him out
of the Tosced system.



	"Lady Tokimi," D3 said within Tokimi's chambers, "I hate to disturb
you, but there seems to a problem."

	Tokimi opened her eyes, "D3, you know that I must gather energy for
the coming conflict. What is the emergency?"

	"Milady, it's the Bearer of Light. He has struck again."

	"Which system?" Tokimi asked, her eyes flashing concern.

	"XA201-39985/ -AB. The natives called it Tosced II."

	"Hmm.. Is there anything significant about this?"

	"Yes, my lady."

	"Truly? What is the importance of Tosced II?"

	"Judging by his previous strikes, he is heading straight for galaxy
GL-2112."

	A look of humor passed Tokimi's face, "Most amusing! My sisters both
reside there."

	"Indeed."

	"Do they know of his arrival?"

	"Unknown but unlikely. Washuu and Tsunami are too caught up in their
own affairs to be likely to notice the loss."

	Tokimi smiled and said, "This will make things interesting. When will
he arrive?"

	"Soon, my lady."

	"Very well. Thank you, D3. You are as loyal as ever."

	"Your words are wasted upon me, lady."

	"One more thing, D3."

	"What, milady?"

	"Try to determine the Light Bearer's likely target."

	"I already have. He will strike the Galactic Core."

	"Then he is going to try to destroy the entire galaxy?"

	"It seems that way."

	"D3, step up preparations for my manifestation. We will have less
time than we think," Tokimi said, closing her eyes once more.

	"Yes, my lady. Sleep well."

	D3 vanished from the chamber, and all went dark.



	"Washuu!" Aeka shouted, "It's not appropriate to make jokes about
things like that!"

	Washuu grinned, "Make jokes about what?"

	Aeka blushed deeply and began to stammer. Ryouko, however, was happy
to take over. "Mom, I agree with Aeka--" Ryouko began.

	"That's a first," Washuu said with a smile.

	Washuu's statement inflamed Ryouko, "Don't lay even a finger on my
Tenchi, Mom!"

	Aeka glared at Ryouko, "I think you mean _my_Tenchi, Ryouko."

	Ryouko glanced over at Aeka with a grin, "I meant what I said."

	Aeka smiled demurely, "Well, I don't know if you noticed or not, but
you are thousands of years old and a hardened criminal. I doubt Tenchi would
care for someone like that."

	"He would care for me with all my faults before he'd chase my mom,
who is even older and who has a husband!" Ryouko said, turning towards
Washuu.

	Aeka nodded, "You are so right. Someone as eccentric as her cannot be
a good wife."

	Washuu looked at the two girls. Bah, Washuu thought, this will be too
simple. "What about Sasami when she grows older?"

	Aeka and Ryouko both stopped in her tracks. Washuu chuckled and
began to eat.

	Suddenly, Washuu's door opened. A small voice was heard, "Aeka, I had
a really bad dream."

	Aeka saw Sasami, clothed in the robe she was wearing on that fateful
morning over two weeks ago. Aeka dropped her chopsticks, stood, and rushed
over to the little girl. "SASAMI!" Aeka shouted, giving the girl a hug.

	Tenchi, Ryouko, Ryo-Ohki, and Mihoshi began to get up to go over to
the little girl, but Washuu shook her head. With little more than a look, she
convinced the four to stay put.

	"Aeka, why was I in Washuu's lab?" Sasami asked confusedly and
groggily.

	"Sasami, thank goodness, you're all right. Do you remember what
happened?" Aeka asked, her face flowing with tears of joy.

	Sasami was still extremely groggy from her weeks-long sleep. She
shook her head. Aeka nodded, "It's okay, Sasami. Are you hungry?"

	Sasami shook her head again, "I'm really sleepy, though."

	Aeka smiled at her little sister, "It's okay, Sasami. You can eat
later."

	Sasami nodded, and let Aeka lead her to her room. She lay down on the
futon and pulled up her covers. She looked at her older sister and said,
"Aeka, I think I heard Tsunami in my dreams."

	Aeka looked concerned, "What did she say, Sasami?"

	Sasami shook her head, "I don't really remember. I think she wants to
hurry up and take back her body that she made for me."

	Aeka smoothed Sasami's hair. "It's all right, Sasami," Aeka said, "It
was just a dream. You'll always be you."

	"But I'm afraid. What if she comes tonight?"

	Aeka smiled, "She won't Sasami. She won't. Okay?"

	Sasami smiled for the first time since she woke up, "Okay."

	Aeka got up to leave. She was walking to the door when Sasami said,
"Aeka?"

	Aeka turned around, asking, "Yes?"

	"Why did that man have such a confused face?"

	"Which man, Sasami?"

	Sasami said sadly, "The man who hurt me."

	Aeka gasped and turned a little pale. "What do you mean, Sasami?"

	Sasami closed her eyes, "He didn't want to hurt me, but something was
forcing him to. Why?"

	Aeka shook her head, "I don't know, Sasami. I just don't know."

	Sasami said, "It's okay. Good night, Aeka."

	Aeka smiled, "Good night, Sasami."

	Aeka opened the door, when Sasami said, "One more thing, Aeka."

	Aeka turned and asked, "Yes Sasami?"

	"I love you, big sister."

	"I love you, too. Good night."

	Aeka closed the door after leaving the room. She walked slowly back
to the table. The others looked expectantly. Aeka shook her head. "She
remembers," Aeka said, "And I think Tsunami's coming to complete the
assimilation."

	Tenchi shook his head in sorrow. "I should have done something," he
said ruefully.

	Ryouko looked at Tenchi with concerned eyes. "You tried, Tenchi. You
didn't know what he could do, and you gave it your all."

	Aeka nodded, "Yes, Tenchi. You did everything that you knew to do.
No one could ask for more."

	Mihoshi smiled, "Can I have some more, Washuu?"

	Everyone else around the table face-faulted. Aeka sighed, "You know
what I mean, Tenchi."

	Tenchi chuckled and said, "Yes, I understand."



	"I report that John Omega | 27392094 - HA has confronted Tsunami
and gave his life," Mr. Goldbrush reported to the rest of the Council.
All nine seats were filled; an Arabic fellow sat in the chair of the Society
of God.

	The chairman nodded, "She is here. When can we expect Azusa?"

	The monk simply said, "Soon."

	The shaman spoke up, "The Great Spirits warn of dark tidings from
the great beyond. A loss of life, a perversion of being. A dark cloud is
approaching."

	The Arabic man, dressed in Middle Eastern garb, stood, "I agree. I
feel the Dark One approaching. Satan."

	The chairman nodded, "I'm sure we've all felt his approach. We will
discuss this with Washuu when we meet her."

	The geek stood, "My contacts have rooted out all Juraian spies. They
will not interfere."

	The druidess stood, "I motion to begin the mighty Transformation. We
need to resurrect the Flying City so that we may meet Azusa from a position
of power."

	The Jew stood, "I second."

	The chairman nodded, "Agreed. We will speak with Washuu, then 
initiate the Transformation. Execute the Juraian spies, as well - we do not
need them befuddling our plans. Is the Council is agreement, and at peace?"

	The rousing "Aye!" coming from the others left no questions. "Then
let us be adjourned for this cycle," the chairman said. With a ripple in
reality, they all left the Council chamber.



			End Chapter 4

Author's Notes:

        Just the usual malarkey. Tenchi and co. is owned by AIC and Pioneer/
LDC. The Council of Magicians is my own idea. Of course, this whole
thing wouldn't be possible without K'thardin's help. Thanks, dude!
I'd also like to add kudos to Lita! Not only a great writer, she gave me
many great points of advice. Lookin' forward to what she says about this ^_^ 
Tell me what you think about this fic! Do you like it? Hate it? I need to
know. Write me at magus_the_dark@hotmail.com and let me know. 

More notes: 
  "HVHY" is Yahweh (a name of God) spelled backwards.
  Yes, GL-2112 is a Rush joke.
  This is the end of the setup for this plot. Now, the real meat of story
is about to begin. Or, as they say, "The stage is set, the actors are on,
let the show begin!" I hope to take this thing to places no other Tenchi
fic has been before (I don't mean that in a bad way). Stay tuned!

MTD
