

        "In conclusion," the Native American shaman said, "I feel that our
Council must take action to protect our world and countless others."

        The venerable shaman, decorated in dozens of tattoos and ritualistic
ornaments, took his seat. An elderly man, dressed in a robe decorated with
letters from countless mystick alphabets, stood up. "Members of the Council
of Earth, we all know the veracity of the Great Eagle spirit. As the
chairman, I ask two to stand in motion."

        A man dressed in a black suit arose. His mechanical eye and cyber-
netic limbs glistened in the dim light of the spartan Council Chamber. He
faced all of the Council magicians who sat around a circular table. "I,
representing the Society of Technology, move for a vote on action."

        The chairman smiled inwardly. The Society of Technology could always
be counted on to move for action. He waited patiently for one of the others
to second his motion. An Irish woman, dressed in druidic robes, stood, "I,
representing the Society of Gaia, second the motion. Vote on action."

        The chairman stood and smiled, "Very well. We shall now vote on
action. We shall start with the Society of Vision."

        The Native American, whose whithered face doubtlessly saw endless
upheaval in his time, stood. "The Society of Vision votes yea."

        The cyber-enhanced man in the black suit arose, "The Society of
Technology votes yea."

        The druidess arose, "The Society of Gaia votes yea."

        A young man, no older than late-teens, stood. He was dressed in a
loud T-shirt and ripped denim jeans. He said, "The Society of The Web votes
yea."

        Another young man, who was sharing a bong with the Society of The Web
rep stood. He was dressed in a tie-dyed shirt and even-more-ripped denim
jeans. He smiled and said, "The Society of the Sensual votes yea."

        A Jewish man stood up next. He was dressed in a conservative
business suit. He said, "The Society of Qabala votes yea."

        An oriental monk arose. He was dressed in a simple orange robe and
sported a shaved head. "The Society of the Void votes yea."

        The chairman smiled and said, "The Society of Hermes votes yea. Now,
the final vote from the Society of God."

        All eyes were now on the man in the dressing of a Catholic priest.
He rose and said, "The Society of God votes nay."

        A murmur went throughout the room. "What do you mean, 'nay'?" the
young Web rep shouted. "They broke the treaty signed millenia ago! Do you
not understand what this means?"

        The priest simply stated, "I have not seen any proof outside of
false gods and lies."

        The Web rep simply shouted in disgust. The chairman called for order
and all the Council members sat down. "Well," the chairman began, "The vote
was 8-1 in favor of action. Normally, action on this scale would require
a full unianimous decision. However, I do not think that my fellow Council-
members would argue that we have a most serious matter at stake. As chairman,
I declare a State of Emergency within the Council. Henceforth, only a
majority is required to take action. Seeing as though we already have a
majority - unless any wish to withdraw their votes-"

        The chairman paused, no one spoke. "Very well, it is done. We shall
now take action under this State of Emergency. As we will, it shall be done.
I expect the full aid of all Societies. If any Society is under great duress
and cannot provide aid, they must petition the Council. If they are found
wanting, then they must provide full assistance lest their Council seat be
jeapordized."



                        The Magery Chronicles
                        Story IV: Empire's Dusk
                        Chapter 1: Feeling the Way


        "Tenchi, we are almost out of carrots again," Sasami told Tenchi as
he prepared to go to the fields. The sun was just peeking out over the
horizon, promising a wonderful new day. Upon mention of "carrots," Ryo-ohki
miyaed happily.

        "Well, if you weren't so greedy," Tenchi smiled at the cabbit, "we'd
have more carrots."

        "Miya!" Ryo-ohki protested, to no avail. Tenchi shouldered his
basket and began to walk off. Ryo-ohki and Sasami returned to the kitchen
to prepare breakfast. As Tenchi was walking away, he heard Sasami scream.

        Tenchi dropped the basket, charged back, and flung open the door.
A man in a black pinstripe suit with reflective shades was glowering at a
very frightened Sasami. Ryo-Ohki interposed herself between the two,
growling low. The man simply ignored the cabbit as he grinned at Sasami.

        Tenchi interposed himself between the girl and the man. The man
simply frowned and pressed a finger to his wrist. He was wearing a set
of expensive leather gloves. His Caucasian eyes laughed as Tenchi, Sasami,
and Ryo-ohki found themselves about 500 feet from the house, in the woods
surrounding the Masaki house and shrine. Reality seemed to ripple as he
did this teleportation.

        Ryouko and Aeka both charged into the kitchen, only to find it empty.
They looked at other, shrugged, and proceeded outside in a full dash. They
had both heard Sasami and were intent upon ensuring that she was okay.

        "What are you doing?" Tenchi shouted at the man in black. The man
simply chuckled, and said something in English. Tenchi shook his head and
said, "I don't understand." Sasami pressed close to Tenchi, highly afraid
for her life.

        The man adjusted his shades, and began in Japanese, "I said, 'Back
away from the oath-breaker.'"

        Tenchi was dumbfounded, "What do you mean by 'oath-breaker'? She's
just a little girl!"

        "I will now kill her and then her sister. If you care about your
life, young man, I'd suggest leaving. I will not hold you in dishonor --
you have no clue what I am capable of."

        "Don't assume you know me, either!" With that, Tenchi assumed his
Jurain battle garb.

        The man was highly impressed. "Very interesting, young man. Are you
from this planet?"

        Tenchi was a bit taken aback. "Yes, I am."

        "Are you a member of the Council? After all, I'd understand if you
didn't hear yet, but both the lives of this girl and her sister are forfeit.
They broke treaties when arriving here."

        "They couldn't help it! Their ship is crashed!"

        "They had their chance to return home. I doubt they would have
trouble returning."

        That is true, Tenchi thought, Azusa was going to take Sasami and
Aeka home.

        "Azusa Jurai? He was here? This will be most interesting," the man
stated. "So, boy, what affiliations have you? I do not seek to harm one
who has treaties with the Council. Please back away so that I may go about
my mission."

        "You'll kill her only after you kill me!" Tenchi shouted.

        The man only shook his head, "Fine then, have it your way."

        Tenchi ignited Tenchi-ken, but before he could do anything with it,
the man gave Tenchi an uppercut which flung him back 20 feet into a nearby
tree. The tree was reduced to splinters upon impact. The man grimaced as
he saw the tree splinter.

        "Damn it! Gaia is gonna be so pissed. Never mind, I'll just finish
it here and now," the man said.

        Suddenly, two cannons, each the size of a .75 caliber, came out of
his back. Their mounts came to life as the cannons were set up on his
shoulders, each pointing at the hapless Tenchi. The man chuckled, and the
left cannon fired. A packet of magnetically-sealed plasma streaked red
towards Tenchi. Sasami screamed, covered her eyes, and hit the ground.
Tenchi's eyes widened in panic.

        Red-hot plasma burned a small path of destruction on a trail
starting at Tenchi. The haze of smoke and dirt obsured everything where
Tenchi was at. Then, the opaque haze parted, revealing the three Light Hawk
Wings. The man stared in wonder as Tenchi received two of the blades and
formed a sword from the third one.

        This will be fun, the man thought to himself. He shifted to a battle
stance, and a whine began to eminate from him. Then, his gloves were
shredded as he revealed foot-long blades anchored on steel hands. Wires
sprang from various devices hidden by his clothes and attached to his head,
each connecting to their own jacks, which had been hidden by artificial skin.

        Tenchi felt the man's punch before the man even moved. Soon after,
he saw the man's form begin to move. After that one punch, which left Tenchi
in a daze for a moment, he saw the man stay put for a moment and laugh.
"Like it? It's a tachyon-emitter. Tachyons move faster than light, and the
emitters empower me with their engeries. I personally move at 2 times c as
I amplify the power. NOW!"

        Suddenly, Tenchi began to feel the flurry of shots. The Light Hawk
Wings amplified his speed, but he was unable to move as fast as this man.
Nor was he able to divine a pattern to this man's attack. He simply focused
his will on defending himself.



        Washuu was sitting in her lab, starting her day out right -- with a
new theory. Suddenly, about a dozen alarms sounded in her lab. She checked
the readout and frowned. She disappeared from her lab.



        Washuu appeared suddenly. Both Sasami and Tenchi were surprised to
see her. The man stopped his assualt on Tenchi to see the newcomer.
The man frowned at Washuu, then looked shocked as his tachyon emitters
powered down. "Who are you?" the man asked Washuu.

        "I think we should ask that question of you first. Tenchi, please
come here."

        Tenchi, having gotten his bearings again, was about to confront the
man blade-to-blade. Then, he realized that no one was between Sasami and
the man. Tenchi calmly walked over to Sasami, as did Washuu.

        "Now," Washuu began, "far be it for me to say, but simply appearing
in a person's house and attempting to slaughter an innocent little girl is
not considered a friendly activity. So, what do you have against this poor
little girl, not to mention the rest of us?"

        "Absolutely nothing," the man answered. "I am simply here to fulfill
my orders. I hold nothing against the girl, the boy, or yourself. I simply
have to kill the girl, that's all."

        "There is nothing that can be done to keep you from having to kill
this little girl?"

        "Well, take her out of Earth's zone of control. If she went to
Mars or Alpha Centauri, my boss wouldn't care. She can't be on this planet,
though. The same goes for her sister. Get them both out of here, or they
both will have to die."

        Tenchi was positively pissed at this time. "Where do you go off
justifying the death of an eight-year-old?" Tenchi shouted.

        "Goddammit, boy, listen! I am not going to kill girl because I hate
her. Besides, I know you all probably your little sister very much, and I
don't like the fact that I must hurt all of you like this. What would you
have me do, tell my boss to stuff it? That's a good way to get me killed!"

        Tenchi and Washuu looked at each other in confusion. "One moment,"
Washuu said, "this girl is a Jurain princess-"

        "Exactly the point!" the man shouted, "We have treaties with the
Jurains. I don't know why they are here, but all I know is that I have to
come out here to rural Japan just to kill some little girl! Do you think
that makes me happy? Do you know what kind of nightmares I'll have?
However, I must kill her for the sake of Earth."

        By this time, Ryouko and Aeka showed up. They interposed themselves
between the man and Sasami. "Let me guess," the man said whitheringly, "I
have to get through you two in order to get to the girl, right?"

        Ryouko grew fierce and fired up her sword; "Damn straight!" she
shouted. Aeka added, "I will not allow you to ever hurt my sister."

        "Goddammit," the man said. "Some days it doesn't pay to get out of
bed. Listen, all of you, I'm not fighting all four of you. That boy would
give me problems, not to mention some red-head who can shut off my devices,
a Jurain princess, and some girl who can fly and has a big red energy blade!
Forget it! It's just not worth it! Just go away, the lot of you. No, not
to your house, just leave Earth. I'm sure you all have treaties with those
with the power here that say that you have to stay away. Live up to them,
please."

        With that, the man shot up straight into the air, as if a bullet.
Ryouko gave chase. After one leap that took him nearly a mile, he heard
his tachyon emitters fire back up. He also noticed Ryouko flying at him,
firing her energy beams at him. He easily dodged every one, and waited for
the girl to land.

        Ryouko's feet touched the ground long enough for her to be greeted
by whirling blades and feet. She felt herself get cut a thousand times and
saw the ground rushing to meet her. Then, she felt about one thousand pounds
per square inch upon her back and saw a razor at her throat.

        "Tell me who you are, girl, or you die," the man said.

        Ryouko had already began to regenerate the damage caused by the
fierce attack and phased into the ground. The man lost his balance for a
moment, but recovered. Ryouko was nowhere to be seen. He adjusted his
shades, reached into his jacket, pulled out what appeared to be a small
pill with machinery inside, set it on the ground, and turned it on.
Ryouko felt herself become ripped from her phased state. She fell with
a cry of anguish but was soon on her feet.

        The man noticed before that her gem glowed whenever she channeled
any power. He decided to go for it. He struck at Ryouko once more, hand-
blades and feet flying faster than light. Then, he slashed her wrist,
ripping the gem right from her. Ryouko fell with a shout, and the man
noticed the gem was about to have a critical mass. He put a stasis field
around it and pocketed it for further research. He looked at Ryouko and
snapped his fingers. Her position was immediately traded for Sasami's.
Excellent, the man thought, the quantum probability adjustor worked.

        Sasami looked up at him, fear in her pink eyes, "W-why do you want
to hurt me?" she meekly asked.

        "Listen, little girl, some grown-ups hurt us a long time ago and the
same grown-ups have put you here. Really, I don't mean anything personal
by it. I promise that it'll be over with quickly."

        "Stop," a voice sounding much like Sasami, but older, interjected.

        The man looked up to see Tsunami, and hung his head, "Just not my
day."

        "I cannot allow you to hurt her."

        "Okay, Miss Whoever-You-Are, I really DO NOT CARE. I am not here to
bear some horrid revenge, nor am I some sick, twisted psycho. I am here to
do a job. Got that? A j-o-b. You think I like killing little girls? Sheesh."

        Tsunami frowned, "Do you think that justifies murder of the
innocent?"

        He shook his head, "No, but--" he took one long look at Tsunami.
"You aren't supposed to be here either. However, you are powerless outside
of Jurain trees, especially here, TSUNAMI!"

        "How do you know-"

        "Never mind that!" the man smiled maliciously at Sasami, who began
to cry. "Sorry, little girl, it takes a little more than that!"

        Tsunami reached out to shield Sasami, but the man was right. The
blades passed through Tsunami's ectoplasm and buried themselves deep in
Sasami's midsection. Sasami cried out, and the man stared deeply into
Sasami's tear-filled eyes. "Sorry, little girl. I wish you well in the
next life. You have a wonderful spirit -- whatever you reincarnate as,
you'll make people happy."

        Sasami winced in pain as she saw him pull out the blades. What did
he mean, she thought, when he said that? Why is he in such a whirlpool of
confusion right now? "Why?" she whispered as she finally hit the earth.

        The man frowned at her limp form, then finalized his logs. Final
log: I have completed the mission. She has been punctured in her midsection
and the nanomachines are placed inside her. I will surely burn in hell for
what I have done. Only one thing now can save me -- sacrifice.

        He shot up into the air and detonated himself.



        Washuu was cursing the fact that Ryouko was outmatched. I must
fix this flaw, Washuu thought, but first, we must find Sasami.

        Everyone scattered the moment Sasami disappeared, except for Washuu
and Ryouko, for Ryouko was too injured and Washuu was tending Ryouko. Then,
she saw the detonation, and vanished to its location.

        Washuu appeared beneath the explosion to see Sasami's limp form
and a red pool beneath. Not much time, Washuu thought. She pointed her
finger at Sasami and encased the injured girl inside of a stasis crystal.
She then teleported herself and Sasami directly into her lab. No time for
the others, she thought, if I lose Sasami, they won't forgive me.

        Washuu flooded the stasis crystal with curative agent 82735/A. The
most potent I have, Washuu thought. Sasami's lifesigns, once very faint,
began to pick up. Washuu sighed with relief. "Good ol' 82735 works every
time," she muttered to no one in particular.

        "Not this time, Washuu," a weak voice said behind Washuu. The genius
spun around to see Tsunami. The Jurain goddess did not look well at all.
She was very pale, and shook a lot. She attempted to stifle a cough, which
appeared to take every ounce of effort she could muster. "Tsunami," Washuu
began.

        "She's dying, Washuu. I saved her once -- that time, it was only
her body that was destroyed. But now, her very soul is being eaten by
machinery, as am I. I fear the results if we should be conquered by this
seething mass of metal. Washuu, I-I.." Tsunami stammered out.

        "You need my help. Don't be afraid to say so, sister. I do not
want to see this little girl die. However, I have one condition."

        Oh no, Tsunami thought, she wants to bring back Earth. "What might
that condition be?"

        "I want to hear how much you love your big sister."

        Tsunami fell flat on her face. She looked up at Washuu in amazement.
Washuu smiled and nodded.

        "I- I- love you, sister."

        "Not good enough. You know, tell it to me like Aeka tells it to
her mother Misaki."

        Tsunami sighed, and made her pink eyes well up tears. "SISTER!"
she shouted, and threw herself into Washuu's arms. "I love you so much,
and dear and wonderful older sister!" Tsunami cried out, tears gushing
from her eyes.

        Washuu hugged and comforted Tsunami. Tsunami said, "Will that do?"
and it was Washuu's turn to face-fault. She nodded, and Tsunami stood up
and dusted herself off. Washuu grinned, walked over to a corner of the
lab, and pulled out an AV recorder. Tsunami's eyes grew wide as she saw the
playback. Washuu chuckled, "Little sister, I hope I never have reason to
remove this tape from my lab."

        Tsunami gasped in horror as Washuu chuckled a bit more. Then, Washuu
tossed the tape into a pocket dimension and set herself to the problem at
hand -- Sasami.

        A knocking on Washuu door interrupted her study. Tsunami faded away
as the door opened, revealing Tenchi, Ryouko, and Aeka. Washuu looked at
them and slowly shook her head. The three charged up to Washuu, all shouting
different things but with the same message, "Do something for Sasami!"

        Washuu stopped all sound waves for a brief moment, just to get their
attention. They all stopped shouting when they realized that no sound left
their mouths. Washuu reinstated sound and began, "I am doing all I can. Right
now, I am running countless scans. This stuff takes time, people. She's
stable for now. However, if I cannot find anything, she'll be dead in a few
days. I'm sorry."

        The silence that filled the room was deafening. Tenchi decided to
speak first, saying, "Washuu, isn't there something we can do?"

        Washuu nodded, and held up what appeared to be a playing card. "The
man left this, along with a note offering endless apologies. He truly wanted
us to save Sasami. Why he had to go to such lengths, I do not know. Perhaps
he was being monitored. However, this one card spoke volumes. I think you
three should listen to it."

        Ryouko took the card and looked at it. A picture of an angel pouring
water from one chalice to another. The number fourteen was written in Roman
numerals at the top of the card and one word was written at the bottom:
Temperance. "What the hell is this supposed to mean, Washuu?"

        Washuu shook her head. "It means patience. That is a card from a
Deck of Tarot. He meant for us to be patient and look for a cure."

        Ryouko, Aeka, and Tenchi nodded. Tenchi said, "We need to get in
contact with Mihoshi, Washuu. Do you know where she is?"

        Washuu shook her head, "Somewhere in this galaxy. More than likely
it has to do with a spatial anamoly that destroyed the Galaxy Police ship
'Shinba.'"

        Tenchi shook his head, "But-"

        Washuu placed her finger on his lips. "Patience, Tenchi. I need time
to scan Sasami. Mihoshi can learn this when she returns. Now, let's try to
eat some dinner, okay?"

        They nodded and turned to leave the lab. Aeka was closely examining
the Temperance card, admiring every detail. Washuu muttered under her breath
as she set up the devices for autoscan, "They are probably gonna keep that.
Damn, now I need to go get a new Tarot deck. My probability/fate/divination
experiments were so close, too."

        Washuu left the lab and began to cook a nice dinner for everyone.



        "The Council of Technology reports, Chairman, that one of the
treaty-breakers has been at least injured," the black-suited cyber-man
said to the rest of the Council. All were there, except for the priest.

        The druidess had rage in her eyes. She stood, "The Society of Gaia
felt the trees' sacrifice today. They are willing to surrender their lives
for Atlantis."

        Mention of that legendary land gave all the members present eyes of
times past. Finally, the chairman broke the reverie, "I must report that the
Society of God has withdrawn from the Council."

        Murmurs went through the Council, "Are they traitors now?" the Jew
asked.

        The chairman thought for a moment, then spoke, "I know you all have
trusted my judgement since the time of Atlantis, but I cannot say what we
are to do. Let us wait in the meantime with regards to our priests. We will
know whether we must fight them or not. However, it appears to me that the
maiming of little girls is hardly conducive to our goals. Mr. Goldbrush, I
thought you would have given better judgement to this."

        "My apoligies, chairman. I gave orders to strike the easiest target.
I did not know that it would end up with a little girl being maimed or one
of our better operatives being destroyed. I am currently conducting an
investigation into the target selection and intelligence."

        "Very well, the Council accepts what you have done. Now, let us all
hope that we all don't end in failure because of this. It is clear that we
must go about this tricky task in a new way. I need someone to go out there
and attempt to negotiate with the treaty-breakers. First, I doubt they even
know their transgression. We should remind them and ask them what they wish
to do. I think we might be able to negotiate a new treaty, one that will
lift restrictions on humanity while allowing those individuals access.
        "Now, I ask of the Council, who can claim to have someone wise and
patient? Who will go?"

        The Council remained seated for five minutes, each looking at the
other. The Society of the Void's representative arose. The old monk said,
"The Society of the Void shall send one capable of negotiations."

        The rest of the Council nodded their heads in agreement.



                        END CHAPTER 1
        

Author's Notes:

        Just the usual malarkey. Tenchi and co. is owned by AIC and Pioneer/
LDC. The Council of Magicians is my own idea. Of course, this whole
thing wouldn't be possible without K'thardin's help. Thanks, dude! 
Tell me what you think about this fic! Do you like it? Hate it? I need to
know. Write me at magus_the_dark@hotmail.com and let me know. Hey, if
anyone's gonna MST it, please include at least 3 obscure references ^_^

Either way, I'm also working on my "Horrible Fic MST" series. However, this
is my main work in progress, so please give me feedback!

MTD
