
	* Thud * went the bokken upon Tenchi's cranium. Down the boy went.
"Ow, grandpa, that really hurt," Tenchi said, rubbing his sore skull.

	"Yes, well, I think you need an extra-hard lesson today. Yesterday's
events are disturbing you, Mr. Sleep-until-3."

	"You slept until 3, too," Tenchi responded, standing up.

	* Thud * went the bokken upon Tenchi's cranium. Down the boy went.
"Owww... you didn't need to hit that hard."

	"Get up and face me, boy!" Yousho shouted.

	"Here I-" Tenchi was cut short by the bokken once more. "Owwww..."


                        The Magery Chronicles
                        Story IV: Empire's Dusk
                        Chapter 3: Breaking the Bonds


	Tenchi somehow dragged himself back into the house by the time the
lesson was over. It had lasted one hour, but felt like an eternity. Aeka and
Ryouko were watching some television together when Tenchi hauled himself in,
about an hour before supper. "Tenchi," Aeka began.

	Tenchi merely smiled at them, kicked off his shoes, and collapsed
exhaustedly upon the couch. Aeka and Ryouko scooted over to him. "Tenchi,"
they unanimously began. Tenchi looked at Ryouko, then at Aeka, and shook
his head. After what grandpa put me through, he thought, I certainly do not
wish to be caught in the middle here. He hung his head.

	"Tenchi," Ryouko said, "you all right?"

	A light snore was the response from the tired boy.

	Aeka and Ryouko shared an odd glance, then looked back at Tenchi.
"Tenchi, wake up. You've only been up a couple of hours and we're about to
eat dinner," Ryouko said, shaking him gently.

	Tenchi mumbled something and lay his head down upon Ryouko's lap.
Ryouko and Aeka exchanged glances once again. Ryouko looked down at Tenchi.
So peaceful, she thought, I'd hate to wake him. However, he isn't going to
sleep through supper. We all need our strength.

	At that time, Yousho opened the bottle the Shinto priest gave him and
poured out the contents. They gave a off a sickly sweet aroma, which Yousho
gave a slight sneer at. Suddenly, he felt a blunt weapon -- a staff -- at his
back.

	"Don't like the smell, boy? Drink it three times a day - the bitter
taste will boost your reflexes. You need it," a familiar ancient voice said.

	Yousho continued to sit. To move is to die, he thought.

	"Precisely. Now, have you reached a decision? Shall I watch you pack,
wait for your to call your father, or kill you here?"

	"Actually, I had a question."

	"Heh. Don't worry, we can wait longer than 32 days if your father's
ship is too slow."

	"You little-"

	"What, for reading your mind or insulting your father?"

	"Both."

	"It matters not. So, can we expect you to summon your father?"

	"I will try. If I cannot get him to come, we shall leave."

	"Good. I know you cannot risk sacrificing your whole family just to
stay here. Tell your father to come. How long shall we wait, 10 centuries or
twenty? Of course, we could go there in a matter of moments, but we are not
breaking any treaties, you are. Don't worry, someone of great importance is
watching. We will know when your father will come. We will also know if you
do not call your father. No secrets, Yousho.
	"Hmm, very interesting. I hadn't noticed it before, but.. that is
most interesting. A third player, and a very interesting player it is! Well,
until then, work harder," the old Shinto man said, vanishing.

	Yousho continued to sit where he was. Even though the stick was gone,
he could not help but feel that he would be struck down. He sat like this
for several hours, until the moon was high in the sky. Only then did he risk
movement. His continued corporeal existence proved his fears wrong.

	The moment the Shinto priest left, Ryouko was thinking on how 
peaceful Tenchi was. Suddenly, she heard a bright and piercing voice shout,
"Sleep no more! Awaken your inner light, your inner flame! Seek that which
was and that which shall be! Prepare to awaken!" 

	"What's wrong, Ryouko?" Tenchi said, a look of worry upon his face.
Aeka's face expressed similar worry. Ryouko looked at both in confusion,
"What?"

	"You've been screaming for the past 20 minutes!" Tenchi said.

	"Wha-?" Ryouko began.

	At that moment, Washuu emerged from her lab, looking more shaken
than stirred. "I apologize for my delay. I had a few experiments go awry. I
will cook dinner now."

	She staggered into the kitchen. Aeka looked on with confusion. Very
odd things were afoot, Aeka thought. Washuu's experiments going awry without 
Mihoshi's "help," Ryouko screaming for 20 minutes, Tenchi with a headache 
"this big," Sasami.. well.. Sasami.. finally, her own nightmares. What is
going on, she thought, this is certainly unusual, even for this house.

	After about 15 minutes, Washuu presented something that looked very
delicious. She set the table, went back into her lab, plucked Ryo-ohki from
within, returned with the cabbit, set said cabbit upon Ryouko's head, and
sat down beside her daughter. They each had a look which could be best
described as 'stoned.' When Tenchi saw this, he could only laugh.

	"What's so funny, Tenchi?" Aeka asked. The three were oblivious,
except Ryo-ohki, who was miyaing happily.

	"Look at them, Aeka. Don't they look stoned?"

	"'Stoned'?" Aeka inquired.

	"Umm, never mind. Yea, you can tell that they are related."

	Aeka giggled, "You certainly can."

	Washuu, Ryouko, and Ryo-Ohki were having a light show inside their
brains that would make any drug seem lame. All their senses were expanded.
They saw, felt, heard, smelled, and tasted the fullness of the spiritual
aspect of Earth. 

	Washuu then realized something. Even though she knew Tsunami was her
little sister, she did not remember anything past that. She then tried to,
and found an enormous wall. She struggled against this wall with her full 
will, but to no avail. It still stood strong. Washuu could not break down the
wall.

	"You simply haven't tried yet," a voice came from nowhere. A rather
laid-back voice.

	"What do you mean?" Washuu shouted from the confines of the mind.

	"You're holding back. Release yourself from your mind! Unlock the
power within!" a young man appeared inside her mind. He wore a tie-dye and
ripped jeans.

	"What are you doing in my mind?" Washuu shouted in anger.

	"I've come to free you. We need you back, Washuu. We need to match
Tsunami. Our wards keep her from being able to stay upon this world for any
length of time. However, since our wards end at the atmospheric edge, Jurai
still has the edge. We need your help."

	"Who are you?"

	"I represent the Council of Mages."

	"You hurt Sasami! Get out, now!"

	"I did not! We all opposed it. It was an error of the intelligence
of the Society of Technology."

	"So what? She's hurt, and you want me to help you?"

	"We'll heal her, show you how to get past this wall, and all walls.
You will remember how to transform the world."

	"As though I cannot now??"

	"Not like you could."

	"Quit speaking in enigmas!" Washuu shouted angrily. They were playing
with her, and she knew it.

	"What can we do to cause you to listen?"

	"Nothing. Tenchi is apparently Juraian by your standards, and I will
not do anything to hurt my daughter. If I joined, I would have to strike
your enemy, Jurai. That includes Tenchi."

	"Does it?"

	"WHAT?! Shit, quit speaking in riddles, goddammit!"

	"You obviously don't understand. Just let go, Washuu, let go. You
know, your husband is still alive and well. We know where. We also know that
he still loves you."

	"How dare you, attack me emotionally!"

	"Hey, do you want the power? It's up to you. We can't give it, only
show you the way. It's within you."

	Washuu fumed, "You son of a bitch. You're still speaking in those
damned riddles! Stop it!"

	"But I am merely speaking as straight forward as I can. You're 
obviously afraid. Not that I blame you - I was scared at first, too."

	"Well, what do you want me do to?"

	"Simply put it away. Your anger, fear, hatred, everything. Let it go.
Drop it. Hang it out to dry. That's the way to go."

	"What's behind this wall?"

	"Go look. If I told you, you wouldn't believe me, and I'd catch
hell. You can look if you drop those fears and anger."

	Washuu shook her head, and looked back at the wall. She saw her 
husband staring back, in front of the wall. He was walking away.

	"Wait! Come back! Morov!!!" Washuu shouted at the man, chasing after 
him. Suddenly, her mind registered the fact that he was still alive.. and
still loved her. How could this be, after 20,000 years? Love cannot last that
long, can it? However, she loved him still. Maybe he still loved her.
If she ever saw him, she'd let him have it with a handy mallet, but she 
already forgave him. She longed to see him again, and she would, soon.

	Unseen by her, the wall got a hairline fracture.

	Kagato appeared before her. Not the power-mad lunatic, but the young
man. She met him soon after Ryouko's creation. He helped train her. He also
helped build the Souja. However, during Washuu's century-long sojourn to
visit Earth's Xanadu, Kagato went power-mad. He tricked her into her 
Reversed World and sealed her shut. She then locked herself away, protecting
herself with two mighty serpents in case he decided to try to hurt her.

	Kagato smiled at her. He was so darling back then. He also had a
wonderful girlfriend and later wife. She wondered what happened to her. She
got her request. Kagato sat down and beckoned Washuu to sit as well, "You
want to know what happened, right? I'll tell you.

	Kagato began with tale with a sad smile, one that spoke of happy
times that, alas, would not last, "Jov'l and myself were living happily 
together while we waited for you to signal back for us to come get you. 
She was such a wonderful woman."

	Kagato's eyes welled up with tears. He was reminiscing about past 
times, about happier times. About times before he was known as the "Ruins
Buster," before the death, before his fall from grace in the eyes of all.
He continued, "She bore me a son, you know. I had such high hopes for him. 
He wanted to become a great scientist just like his papa. I was a great 
scientist, then, able to do lab work under the brilliant Hakubi Washuu.
It was at the Galactic Academy branch on Jurai where we stayed, remember?"

	Washuu nodded. The Juraians were never too enthusiastic about the
Academy setting up a branch there. It reminded them of the Science and
Magick that the Terran Empire employed millenia before in the mighty war
which destroyed a planet -- and a people. She remembered hearing of the
branch's closure, but she never heard of anything beyond that fact. "Kagato,
you were one smart cookie. It was an honor working with you, before those
dark times."
	
	Young Kagato blushed a little. He continued with a wink, "You always
paid me rather scarcely, but that's okay. I enjoyed my work and I made 
enough to live well. You were here on Earth, a little over 5,000 years ago."

	Washuu said, "Yes, I was working with the monks and scientists of
Xanadu. I don't remember why, just that it was important that Earth relearn
its lost sciences. Kinda funny, I don't even remember why I'd do such a
thing, given that they destroyed an entire planet! So, while I was in
Xanadu, what were you doing?"
 
	Kagato smiled, "I remember doing some work on Ryouko. I was
programming her emotion circuits in order to surprise you. I thought that 
you would see them and maybe then take me on as a partner. Alas, it was not
to happen."

	Washuu looked surprised, "You *programmed* her? I'm very impressed!
I thought she simply developed them by herself. They seemed so.. natural.
Just as though they had developed."

	Kagato nodded, "I programmed them so that it would appear as such.
However, I left a secret for you. Mention 'jalapeno miso soup' to her. I
think you will be pleasantly surprised. I set that trigger just for you."

	Washuu said, "Kagato, if I had known.. I know I would have made you
a full partner with me."

	Kagato said, "It's not too late."

	Washuu chuckled, "But you're dead! No, don't tell me.."

	Kagato shook his head, "My past corpeal form is gone. I seek your
blessing for the next incarnation."

	Washuu studied him, "Well, let's hear the rest of your tale. I do
not wish to give my blessing to a madman."

	Kagato shook his head again, "Please, Washuu, listen to my tale.
I swear that I was not meant to turn out the way I was. I.."

	He caught himself and choked back tears. He quickly lost control
and they burst forth as water from a dam. He was looking down, unable to
face Washuu, "I loved them so much.. I loved my work so much.. Ryouko,
the Academy, I loved them all," he stared into Washuu's fiery emerald eyes,
"I loved you. I think.. I still do.. That's why I came back here to tell
you. It's because I love you."

	Washuu beheld him with pity. "Kagato," she said.

	Kagato shook his head, and dried his eyes. He forced his emotions
back down. For a moment, Washuu swore that she saw the madman once more.
She said, "Kagato, don't hold them back. Please, tell me the rest."

	"It hurts too much to say it."

	"Sometimes we must hurt. Sometimes we must hurt to the bone. Without
the hurt, though, we could not know joy or love. Please, don't swallow your
pain again. You killed yourself once, don't do it twice."

	Kagato nodded, and continued, even when sobbing, "A scandal broke 
out at the time, surrounding myself and you. The Juraian press claimed that 
we were working to revive the evil Terran Empire and that the Academy was 
working with you to do it. They claimed that you went to Terra to form an
army to attack."

	Washuu shook her head, "Kagato, you know that's not true! I was there
for humanitarian reasons."

	Kagato nodded his head violently. His eyes were already red and 
puffy with tears, but he still spoke, "You know that the truth means nothing
to liars like that. The people were enraged and formed a mob. We kept Ryouko
on board the Souja to ensure her and Ryo-Ohki's safety. I was also on board 
at the time. I had intended to bring up my family the following morning,
but my wife, Jov'l, demanded that she stay planetside to collect our
belongings. She said that she'd see me the next morning. She promised me.."

	Kagato broke down once again. Washuu simply sat there and watched
him cry. "Kagato, please, I need to know what happened. I need to know what
they did. You must tell me, if only for yourself."

	Kagato continued to sob, "That night, I received a call from my 
house. When I turned on the video phone, I saw the leader of the mob. He
was just a noble at the time, but he got the people's support. He forced
my comm-link to stay open, and then.. and then.."

	Kagato's words were drowned by his tears, choked by his sobs. Washuu
shook her head, "Kagato, if you don't finish, I won't be able to right any
wrong."

	Kagato shook his head, "I righted the wrong, then wronged the right.
But you do need to know, don't you? You want to know. You're right, I do 
need someone to listen to this. But, it gets so hard from here."

	Washuu put her hand on Kagato's shoulder, "Be strong, Kagato."

	Kagato nodded, and continued, "The Juraians burnt my house, raped 
and butchered by wife, and burnt my son alive! And they did it in front of
my own eyes. I was powerless to stop them. They hurt me worse than anyone
else could have. They formed a mob and did that! Don't you understand, 
Washuu?"

	Washuu nodded, "I understand, all too well. I remember the purges
in the Old Academy. I lost many good friends those days."

	Kagato shook his head, "Imagine instead of your husband and son
walking away, that they were violated and butchered, tortured and burnt,
before your very eyes. Imagine seeing your husband torn apart after being
maliciously raped. What would you do?"

	Washuu said stoically, "I'd kill all of them. One by one. Until no
one on that planet remained. Such a callous action would be repaid many 
times over."

	Kagato looked at her understanding eyes, "I wanted to hurt them like
they hurt me. I wanted to kill them. That's why I sent Ryouko."

	Washuu shook her head, "I'd go myself. Personally return the favor.
Why didn't you tell me, Kagato?"

	Kagato said, "I didn't think you'd believe me. I thought you were
with them. I couldn't trust anyone else. I tricked you so that you couldn't
stop me. If I had known now that you would have believed me, I would not
have treated Ryouko in that way."

	"So you tricked me, and sent Ryouko after them. Why not go yourself?
Ryouko had nothing to do with it."

	Kagato nodded, "I wanted to, but I wasn't strong enough then. That's 
why I turned her into a monster! She had nothing to do with it, but by that
point, I did not care. Yet, after seeing how easy a task like conquering the
Juraians would be, I decided that I had to rule the universe."

	"Now this is one I don't get? Why conquer the universe? Why take
all that responsibility for yourself?"

	"I met someone, Washuu. A beautiful winged man. He told me of the
ultimate power. He told me that the whole universe was responsible. He
promised to help me. He lied to me and told me what I wanted to hear. I
agreed to take the universe, and he promised to destroy it for me. Washuu,
I was so corrupted and violated by that point, even my own body had refused
me. All I had left was my face, which was so twisted and corrupted that it
could never leave."

	Washuu shrugged, "I see you made interesting friends while I was
locked away."

	"Tell me about it. He told to seek the secrets without mercy. So,
I looked everywhere for secrets, killing all that stood in my way."

	Kagato looked down at his hands and started crying again, "Now, 
even if I could have Jov'l back, my hands are covered with too much blood 
and filth. I pollute everything I touch now! I let my hate consume me,
and I ended up burning alive the sons of the Juraians and raping Ryouko, our
daughter. I did not contribute any genetic material, but I did help you
raise her. Then I tricked you and raped her. It's too much, Washuu. I cannot
ask your forgiveness."

	Kagato could go on no longer. He tried to say, "It's all my fault,"
and only choked sobs and screams of pain emerged from him. He did not look
like either the young man nor the madman. He looked wretched and pathetic.
He was like a beggar, pleading with others for a scrap of compassion, for
a tidbit of understanding. He looked at Washuu, pleading for something he
did not think he could ever have.

	Washuu looked at Kagato, tears welling in her eyes. She said to him,
"Kagato, I had.. no idea.. *sob* I understand now. You had undergone such a
change during my pilgrimage that you were unrecognizable. You died that day,
didn't you?"

	Kagato nodded, and Washuu embraced him. "Be at peace, Kagato. I do 
not hate you. Please, Kagato, just set your soul at peace so that we may
work again."
	
	Kagato buried himself into her shoulder and cried like he would
never shed a tear again. He shouted his crimes into her tear-soaked shirt
again and again. Washuu stroked his hair and with gentle sounds of "shhh,"
soothed him from his self-torture.

	"Kagato, I want you to know that you have my blessing. I probably
should not have come to Earth at that time. I did not know at the time what
it would cause. I'm sorry beyond words, Kagato. It is I who should be asking
you for forgiveness. My own mistakes hurt you far worse than any other could
have," Washuu said.

	Kagato looked up at Washuu, his eyes nearly cried cried out. He
looked deep into her eyes. She saw in him the young man, bright and cheery
once more. He said, "Thank you, Washuu. I did some terrible things to
everyone, and I want to change that. I want to fix the damage. I will carry
on your work in my next life." He then moved quickly and kissed her full on
the lips. She jerked back at first, shocked, but allowed him to continue.
They stayed locked for a few minutes, then Kagato pulled back and parted
lips with her.

	"I love you, Washuu. Even though I loved Jov'l with all my heart,
I loved you, too. Isn't it odd how love goes? You can love someone with
your whole heart and still love others?"

	"Kagato, I know you will love many others in your next life."

	"I promise this to you, Washuu: I will love many."

	"Good journey, Kagato."

	Kagato smiled and vanished. The wall got a visible crack in it. 
Washuu saw the crack in the wall and turned around to the young man in
ripped jeans. He nodded, "You are doing this, Washuu. Set your anger aside.
You can heal and care the injured. See how you can transform the world."

	She turned back around and saw a Tenchi. She didn't have any real
feelings for the lad, but loved teasing him. He was so naive. Besides, it
took his mind off the contest Ryouko and Aeka were having. She was bothered
that she would end up on the wrong side of Tenchi. The wrong side of her own
daughter.

	"It'll be okay, Washuu," the young man said with a smile. "Just trust
me, it'll be okay. Tenchi's more Earthling than you think. That Jurai Empire
is a mysterious, nebulous thing to him. He won't fight to protect it. He will
fight for his home here on Earth. His lineage does not matter. For all our
posturing, Yousho would fight for us, as well, and we'd love to have him. 
He's got a nice spark, and we could kindle that spark into flame. Just repeat
after me, 'Don't worry about it.'"

	Washuu said those words, and she felt lighter. The young man was
right, she thought. Tenchi vanished, and the wall gained more cracks in it.
She then saw a mist roll in before the wall. She gazed into it, and saw
mysterious haze images of her past.

	"You already know all that this mist will show you. It will not put
it in context, nor will it tell you the full truth. It even lies sometimes.
It is your false you. Your consciousness which holds you back. It is your
final barrier."

	"I am a scientist! I seek the truth. This mist is easily banished.
I don't want lies."

	The mist remained. "Washuu, who are you?" the young man asked.

	"Hakubi Washuu, the universe's greatest scientific genius!"

	"That's nice. Who are you?"

	"I just told you."

	"You gave a few labels. Who are you, really?"

	"I'm Washuu!!"

	"I know your label for yourself. Who are you? Think this time."

	"Well, I seek the truth."

	"You seek lies."

	"What?"

	"Banish the mist!"

	"I can't."

	"Why not?"

	"I know that I cannot return to here if I banish the mist."

	"Good! Why are you afraid?"

	"I'm afraid I will see myself. I have hurt so many others in the
guise of my experiments. I'm afraid I will see me!"

	"That's truly what you will see."

	"Then why should I banish the mist?"

	"Why face your fears? Live a coward's life. It's easier."

	"Shut up! You haven't lived for 20,000 years!"

	"You're right, I've lived 50,000. You're even older."

	"Impossible! I can't remember anything before 20,000 years."

	"It's there. You fear it. Is the current you really you?"
	
	"I.. don't know.."

	"Why not find out?"

	"I want to live in the current world."

	"Do you? Really?"

	"No. I'm just afraid of the truth."

	"Is that why you seek it?"

	"No. I want to know why things are."

	"Banish the mist. You are a good person, Washuu, so long as you
desire to be. It's all up to you. I have done all I can do."

	The young man vanished. Washuu sat down, looking at the mist for a
while.

	Kagato, Washuu thought, poor Kagato. He had his entire world, his
reason for being, torn from him like my husband was torn from me. We both
hurt, and we both addressed the hurt in different ways. I returned myself
to a childlike state, running from the constant pain. He met it head-on
and returned it. I'm not much different from him. I raped Ryouko, too. Maybe
that's why I can forgive him. He and I are both guilty of the same crimes.
I've shared his path, so I can turn around and tell him that I can forgive
him. But who forgives me?



	"Washuu?" Mihoshi said, walking into the lab.

	"It's no use, Mihoshi," Tenchi said. "Washuu, Ryouko, and Ryo-Ohki
have been like this for the past week."

	"The first night, when Washuu had cooked dinner, was the worst,"
Tenchi said to Mihoshi. "We didn't know what was happening. So, we laid
Washuu down in her lab, thinking that there would be devices to she made for
such an instance. Sure enough, the lab is easily sustaining and monitoring
her. Ryouko, however, is another story. Turns out she doesn't need to eat.
We found this out by the fact that she hasn't eaten anything since that 
night. We've tried to feed her, but it does no good.

	Mihoshi nodded, "It's a shame, isn't it? What did you and Aeka do
in the meantime?"

	Tenchi shook his head, "Well, I'm sure Aeka enjoyed the fact that
she had me all to herself."

	Mihoshi giggled, "I suppose so, huh?"

	Tenchi chuckled as well, "Yea, I guess."

	Mihoshi said, "I guess we'll just have to wait and see. Hey, there's
something good on TV now."

	Tenchi thought about it, and nodded, "Worrying about it won't help
us. Let's go watch TV until Dad gets done cooking dinner."

	Tenchi and Mihoshi found Aeka on the couch, already watching TV. The
princess was a bit too disturbed by the recent events to try to make any
"moves" on Tenchi. After all, her sister was gutted, her friend/rival went
to la-la land, her older brother isn't leaving the shrine except to train
Tenchi, and she was still having nightmares. Tenchi was, as well, and they
spent most nights together, sharing the other's prescence and warmth.

	However, she remembers two nights before. They had been lying in
bed, when Tenchi asked her, "Are you going to leave me, too?"

	Aeka was shocked. "Of course not," she answered.

	Tenchi smiled at her and said, "Thank you." Then, he did something
that would redefine all the events up until now.

	Tenchi kissed her.

	She shared its beauty and warmth, but then, when their eyes met
after the kiss, Tenchi quickly apologized and spun around. She lay there,
most of the night, disbelieving the event. However, no dream was as rich
as that experience had been. Tenchi had not made mention of the event, nor
did he even acknowledge it's existence. Aeka was plagued with doubts, but
she decided to worry about those doubts after the more important concerns
of Sasami, Ryouko, Washuu, and Ryo-Ohki were taken care of.

	She did not know if this was going to win her Tenchi or not. Right
now, she didn't care. Mihoshi had returned, and she brought her bubbliness
along with her. The house was sure to perk up now.



	"WHO FORGIVES ME???" Washuu screamed at the top of her lungs.

	"I, for one, do NOT!" a familiar voice screamed back.

	"Ryouko?" Washuu said.

	"Look at what you are doing! Not only have I been your little pawn
since the beginning, you have abused me and now you lock me away in eternity
just because of your self-pity. I HATE YOU!" Ryouko screamed.

	"Ryouko," Washuu said.

	"Don't say that you had no idea I thought that way. You never gave
me a choice! Every time I wanted to try something of my own, you would 
always stop me! Even now, with Tenchi. Mom, I hate you."

	"How can you say that? I simply want to make sure that my experiment
is going properly!"

	"I AM NOT AN EXPERIMENT!!! I AM A *PERSON*!!!"

	Ryouko flew into a rage, and formed an energy blade. She rushed
Washuu, swinging wildly. Washuu blocked and dodged every shot. After an
eternity, Ryouko finally stopped in exhaustion.

	"Are you quite finished, daughter?"

	"Shut up!" Ryouko said tiredly, "You call me a daughter, so just
start treating me like one. Or maybe, you wanted a monster, too, just like
Kagato. You are just like Kagato.. you hurt me and steal Tenchi from me,
just like Kagato almost did."

	Washuu took a step back. Ryouko looked at her, "Struck a nerve, huh?
It's the truth. You are no better than he is."

	"You're wrong, Ryouko. I have given you free will."

	"Free will to be completely mainpulated by your schemes!"

	"Did I make you fall in love with Tenchi?"

	"You-" Ryouko began, but then paused.

	"Ryouko," Washuu said after a long block of silence. "You're right,
Ryouko, I am no better than Kagato."

	"No, mom, you aren't Kagato. You didn't force me to love Tenchi. 
But why do you keep him from me?"

	"Ryouko, dear, do you think I really want to go after Tenchi?"

	"Yes! No! I don't know! Tell me, please."

	"I know you love Tenchi. I just want to make sure that you really
love him. I want to know that you aren't just chasing after someone, only
to break his heart."

	"Why would I do a thing like that?"

	"I don't know. All I know is that someone I love left me 20,000 years
ago, broke my heart, and still loves me as deeply as I love him. I want to
make sure that you won't do that to him, and that he won't do that to you."

	"Mom, why not let me live my own life?"

	"Because, I don't want you to be hurt anymore! Kagato hurt you so 
much."

	"You did, too, if only by standing around doing nothing."

	"Ryouko, I had no choice. I know I have let you down, and I don't
want to anymore."

	"Then let me live, mom. I want to experience life like the real 
person that I am."

	"You'll be hurt even more."

	"I know."

	"Are you sure?"

	"Yes."

	"Very well."

	"Mom," Ryouko said, tears forming in her eyes, "Thank you. That means
so much."

	"Do you forgive me, Ryouko?"

	"Are you asking for forgiveness?"

	"Yes. I have been wrong, and want to know that I can change."

	"You can. I forgive you."

	Washuu and Ryouko were both about to break out in tears. Neither
knows who broke first, nor do they care. They both ended up in tears and
in each other's arms - a testament to the power of family love.

	The wall cracked even more.

	Ryouko disappeared, and Washuu turned to the mist. If her own
little Ryouko could forgive her, perhaps she could forgive herself. She
looked at the cracked wall. She hated herself just a few -- whatever --
before. She reached out, and willed the mist away. A great wind blew, and
the mist blew up against the wall. The wall shattered in a million pieces
and blew away into the mist.

	On the other side lay her memories and her true power. She saw the
three gems, and found them worthless. The true power came from her; the
gems were just a way of reminding her of that power. However, the others
could use them still, so she sent them to Ryouko. Then, she opened her eyes
for the first time in 20,000 years.


	
	Two weeks had passed in the Tenchi house. The nightmares had faded,
but Tenchi and Aeka still slept in the same bed. They had grown accustomed
to the other. Tenchi was becoming more open with Aeka, and they were 
becoming more intimate. Tenchi just prayed that his father wouldn't burst
in with a video camera to tape his new nightly activities. However, he did
not know if or when Ryouko and Washuu were returning to normal states, or 
when Mihoshi would leave again. Nor did he know when Sasami would be better.
It seemed to Tenchi that the only female who was going to be there for him
was Aeka. She loved him, and he knew it. Now, he could return that love, for
he could not believe that Ryouko was going to awaken any time soon.

	Yousho was still being a hermit. The pain remained, but was
not nearly as sharp. Yousho said that he thought Sasami would be better
very soon. When he said it, the words rang with a certain truth, the type
of truth that eliminates all doubt.

	Yousho was almost ready to face his father. He still had two more
weeks to contact him, so he wanted to ensure that he could convince his
father to come. He went down to the Funaho tree, determined to do the
impossible.


	"Thank you for reaching the government offices of the Jurai Empire,"
the operator said, "Who would you like to reach?"

	Yousho, having shed his disguise, said, "The Emperor, please."

	The operator chuckled, "You cannot simply call the Emperor in this
way. I'll patch you through to one of his secretaries as soon as one becomes
available. May I have your name, sir?"

	Yousho smiled. He knew she'd freak out when she heard his name.
He spoke, "Jurai Yousho."

	The operator hit the floor. "O-o-one moment, Crown Prince Yousho,
I'll go get your father right away!" She took off running.

	Yousho gave himself a satisfying chuckle. A few moments later, the
operator returned. "I'll patch you right through!"

	"Thank you," Yousho said.

	His father suddenly appeared. "So, son, why are you causing commotion
in my palace? That's not the way to rule an Empire."

	"Father, I need to talk to you."

	"Have you, Aeka, and Sasami finally agreed to come home?"

	"Well, it's about the Council of Mages here on Earth. They want us
to either leave or bring you here to talk about a new treaty."

	"Hmm," Asuza thought, "then I'll send a transport ship to pick you
three up."

	"Are you coming here?"

	"No."

	"Oh, well, I'll just have to call Mom."

	"What?"

	"I'm sure she'll agree that the treaty is out of date. Misaki will,
too."

	"Son, you can't do that! You know that your mom and Misaki hold 
position on the Juraian Holy Council."

	"So do you. Simply swing support away from a new treaty."

	"Dammit, boy, your mother could sell faud to Jarkins!"

	"I'm sure she could. I'm sure she could also swing support for a
new treaty. Besides, imagine what Misaki would think if her daughters were
to be forcibly returned to Jurai and forced to be unhappy there."

	"Boy, you're getting personal now. You know what Misaki would think.
Okay, I'll talk to the Holy Council, okay?"

	"Okay. Thank you, Dad."

	Yousho cut off the comm-link, reformed his disguise, and went back
to the shrine.

	Azusa cut the comm-link, yet continue to stare at Yousho's after-
image. "He hasn't called me 'Dad' in years," he mumbled to no one in
particular. "Oh well, I'm sure Misaki and Funaho will be delighted to see
everyone once more."

	Azusa began walking down the halls of the palace to the throne room
where that damnable court awaited.


	Yousho was walking the steps when the light enveloped the Masaki
house.

	"I... ... ... AM!" Washuu shouted, emerging from her lab. She
mainfested 10 Wings of the Light Hawk. When Tenchi gazed upon them, he saw
perfect order and truth. Ryouko phased in beside her mother, bearing all
three gems and manifesting 3 Wings of the Light Hawk, much like Tenchi. He
saw the three gems upon Ryouko, and remembered where they were orignally.

	Tenchi ran to his room and found the Tenchi-ken devoid of its gems.
His jaw fell off and bounced around the room. He returned to the living
room while reattaching his jaw. "Wa-Washuu?" he stammered.

	"Yes, Tenchi?" Washuu asked. She was in adult form and her eyes
flashed power. She smiled at him, and he felt like like he was looking at
Tsunami.

	"FUCK YES!" a voice shouted behind Tenchi. Tenchi spun to see who
it was, but all he saw was a giant line of computer code floating in the
air.


	
	Locked away from both time and space, Tokimi opened her eyes. She
felt the mighty disturbance. So, she thought, Washuu has awakened. This is
worse than I thought. I had hoped I could awaken her, but it will be
impossible to now. Looks like many people will have to die as a result.

	"D3," Tokimi said.

	"Ma'am."

	"I no longer need you to look for Washuu."

	"Has it occurred?"

	"Do not concern yourself with it. Make the preparations -- I must
soon manifest."

	"Are you sure you must? After last time-"

	"I originally existed like they do. I will be fine."

	"Yes, Lady Tokimi. I will make preparations."

	"Very good, D3. Thank you."

	"It is pleasure enough to serve you, my lady," D3 said before
disappearing.

	Tokimi sat in darkness once more.


	
	"The Society of the Sensual reports a successful mission to revive
Washuu," the young man in a tie-dyed shirt and ripped jeans said.

	"Excellent," the Chairman said. "What is Yousho's status?"

	"He has called his father. His father shall come soon," the geek
reported.

	"Wonderful. Society of Vision, what is your report on the recently-
departed Society of God?"

	"They are not of any concern. They may soon return, as apparently
many of the Society's members did not like the split. I would not worry,"
the shaman said.

	"My, my. This just keeps getting better and better. Any other issues
to be addressed?" the chairman asked.

	The cyber-man in the suit arose, "The one who chose the wrong target
has been reprimanded and reassigned. We are dispatching a member to go heal
the girl."

	The others nodded their approval. The Society of the Void speaker
arose. The wizened old monk began, "So, who is going to go meet Washuu?"

	The chairman said simply, "We will."

	The others nodded once more. The druidess arose, "The Society of Gaia
proposes a recess."

	The chairman nodded, "Sounds like fun. We'll meet again in a few
days."

	The meeting ajourned with many high spirits and high hopes.

			End Chapter 3

Author's Notes:

        Just the usual malarkey. Tenchi and co. is owned by AIC and Pioneer/
LDC. The Council of Magicians is my own idea. Of course, this whole
thing wouldn't be possible without K'thardin's help. Thanks, dude!
I'd also like to add kudos to Lita! Not only a great writer, she gave me
many great points of advice. Lookin' forward to what she says about this ^_^ 
Tell me what you think about this fic! Do you like it? Hate it? I need to
know. Write me at magus_the_dark@hotmail.com and let me know. 


MTD
