The Empires Prelate (Part I)

Disclaimer:  Any Tenchi characters in this fic
belong to AIC and Pioneer.  If there are any
characters that you have not heard of, they are mine!
Any legal letters sent to claim money will be filled under "I" for important.right in the pail!



	A new day was beginning on the planet of Jurai.  For all its majesty it was truly a 
jem in the galaxy, one that was respected by some, envied by the rest.  Many civilizations 
came to respect Jurai as a model of peace and order, others thought of it as a repressive 
society that caged its citizens in with fanatic like restrictions.  But, to one Princess Aeka, 
this was home, and it would soon be even more appealing to her.  That is because on this 
day, not only having survived an attempt on her life, she would soon be reunited with 
friends, but one more so desired than the rest.

	Aeka quickly hurried to the landing port where Ryo-ohki would soon be landing.  
Accommodations were already being taken care of for the newly arriving guests.  As 
Ryo-ohki touched down, a current of wind blew through Aeka's hair, as she could wait 
almost no longer.  Shortly after, all of the passengers onboard beamed to the ground.  
Sasami was the first to hurry to Aeka who greeted her with a hug, and a lengthy one at 
that.  "Oh Aeka, I missed you, are you all right, we heard about what happened!" "Yes 
Sasami, I am fine thankfully" Aeka smiled as she ran her hand through her sisters hair, 
she truly cared about her sister, to her, family was a major part of her life.  Washu walked 
over to Aeka and poked her in the chest looking curiously at the princess.  "Hey, what 
was that for?" "Keep your shirt on princess, I was just checking to see if you were still 
responding to any stimuli, scientific stuff you know.  I wanted to see if you had any 
changes coming back home, and especially after the incidents you've been through 
lately" Aeka grew slightly irritated but held her composure for, off in the distance, was 
Tenchi.  

	"Oh Lord Tenchi, its good to see you again" Aeka began walking toward Tenchi, 
slowly picking up her pace.  Regrettably however, Aeka also saw Ryoko materialize right 
next to, or rather on top of Tenchi, she was visibly drunk.  "Tenchi, are you sure you 
won't have the rest of this with me?" Ryoko was trying to shove the sake in his face for a 
majority of the trip.  "No Ryoko, really cut it out, we're in public" Tenchi was growing 
embarrassed with her behavior.  Ryoko looked at Tenchi and had an idea "Well, if you 
won't have some here in public, then why don't we have a nice little private party later 
then?" As Ryoko was saying this she drew closer and tried whispering this in his ear.  
Tenchi became red and a bead of sweat ran across the back of his head.  Tenchi tried to 
get away from Ryoko's advances, but Ryoko wasn't about to give up so easy.

	"Ryoko, just what do you think you're doing to Lord Tenchi?" Aeka beamed right 
at Ryoko who tried to do the same but was still a bit too under the influence to do much.  
However, she quickly shook of the effects and glared at Aeka.  "Look Princess, it was me 
who brought everyone here, you could show a bit more appreciation you know" Aeka 
stifled a bit "Humph, well, thank you, now would you please get off Tenchi, you're 
embarrassing him as well as myself" Aeka walked over to Tenchi who was rather happy 
to see Aeka himself.  "Aeka, are you all right, we were all worried about you, especially 
when we heard when someone tried to kill you" Tenchi spoke as he put a hand on her 
shoulder to comfort her.  

	Aeka blushed slightly at this and Ryoko grew rather indignant at the situation.  
"Well, it certainly doesn't take long for the two of you to start flirting now does it?" 
"What are you talking about Ryoko, really, you are one to talk, hanging all over Lord 
Tenchi in your condition" The two shot a look at one another and Tenchi nearly went to 
take cover.  Aeka however, quickly regained her composure "Anyway, I do not wish to 
fight you Ryoko, not here, not now.  You are all my welcomed guests and we have 
prepared a special dinner in honor of your arrival" 

	At that, Ryoko too regained her composure and simply shrugged as they all began 
walking towards the palace followed by Ryo-ohki who transformed back to her cabbit 
state.  Tenchi breathed a sigh of relief and was quite impressed at Aeka's ability to 
control her temper this time around.  He also noticed that she was walking rather distant 
from him and tried to avoid eye contact with him.  (It really is good to see her again, I'll 
have a talk with her later on, I've got a feeling I'm not the only one with some things on 
my mind) They continued on till they reached the main hall and Aeka led them to the 
dinning room.  

	Upon entering, they were amazed at the splendor of the room.  It was a vast room, 
which was carpeted by what looked like expensive material; several paintings of Jurian 
royalty lined the walls.  A large table made of some very attractive wood was placed 
directly in the center of the room.  Several servants helped the gang into their chairs.  
Washu made sure she took a seat next to her daughter to keep a close eye on her.  Sasami 
took a seat to the left of Aeka and Tenchi took a seat to her right.  Once again, Tenchi 
found himself between both Aeka and Ryoko and hoped that this wouldn't get messy.  
Ryo-ohki simply flopped over next to Sasami and didn't mind sitting on the floor.  

	Immediately, several more servants came out and presented a dish before each 
one of them and they were quite excited about digging in to their meals.  Before they did, 
Aeka rose and proposed a toast.  "A toast to us, to our friendship, we have endured much, 
but through it all we are still here" Everyone raised their glass in agreement.  After that, 
they began to eat.  Sasami was happy for a change not to have been the one to get dinner 
ready this time, and this meal looked as if it would have taken her hours to prepare.  

	Washu took in her meal and when no one was looking, she sneaked a small bit 
into a small vile of hers to research later.  Ryoko simply wolfed her meal down much to 
the disgust of Aeka.  Tenchi began to eat but was more interested in having a talk with 
Aeka, it was after all the reason they came all this way.  Aeka too mostly nibbled on her 
meal, though it was delicious, her mind too was on talking to Tenchi; she had a few 
things to talk about as well.      

	After they had finished dinner, Washu, Sasami, Ryo-ohki and Ryoko left to the 
rooms that were provided for their stay.  Tenchi simply sat at the table and fiddled around 
with his meal.  Aeka stood from her chair and looked to Tenchi "Lord Tenchi, I..." "Yes 
Aeka?" Tenchi looked to Aeka who was still trying to avoid eye contact.  "Oh, its 
nothing, really, please excuse me" Aeka quickly left the dinning room leaving Tenchi 
alone to his thoughts.  (I should really go and talk to her, this can't wait till morning) 
With that, Tenchi stood from his chair and with a firm resolve, set out to find Aeka.

	Atop one of the towers there was an excellent view of the city, with its bright 
lights, wondrous structures and busy markets.  Even at this hour, there was still much 
going on down in the city below.  Aeka simply looked on and took it all in, it was so nice, 
a late night breeze went through her hair and she simply let out a sigh.  (It is so good of a 
night, if only I weren't left to spend it alone, oh Tenchi, now that you're here, why am I 
still pushing myself away from you?  Somehow, I know you care for me truly, and 
though I know that my father would not approve, I would still accept you into my life 
forever...) She started to cry because of the conflict inside of her that she felt could never 
be resolved.  The only one in her life who she truly loved, the one who first blessed her 
with a kiss, the one who could make her feel alive every time he was around her, yet, 
were they just never meant to be?  "Oh Tenchi..." Aeka put her face in her hands and 
began to cry, not knowing if there ever would be a solution to this dilemma of the heart.  

	As Tenchi turned the corner, he could feel his heart race.  True, he had been 
running all the way to where he had been told Aeka could be found, but that wasn't the 
reason.  He knew he had to say something to Aeka, but he wasn't sure what.  Somewhere 
in his heart, there was a place for her, but there was also a place for all the other girls as 
well.  Yet, with Aeka, there was something else.  As he turned another corner, he 
remembered when they first met, true it had been an awkward situation, what with him 
trying to steal back his grandfathers sword and all, but ever since, he knew that she was 
different.  True, at times she could be a bit snooty and what not, but he knew that there 
was still good in her heart.  Before long, he had arrived at the tower where Aeka was.  At 
first, Tenchi almost turned back, his heart nearly was about to explode, he felt his 
breathing quicken, but he took a deep breath and began walking towards her.  

	Tenchi looked at Aeka, watched her hair flowing in the wind, she was beautiful, 
but that wasn't the only thing that interested him.  Unlike the boys in his school back on 
Earth, Tenchi was also interested in what lied beneath.  With Aeka, he knew her rather 
well, but there was still more he probably didn't know about her.  He also noticed that 
she had been crying.  

	"Aeka...are you all right?" Aeka was startled by his sudden presence as she 
turned and gasped and put a hand to her chest.  "Oh, Tenchi its you, yes, I am all right" 
She cleared her eyes and straightened out her clothing.  "What are you doing up still?" "I 
might ask you the same Aeka, is there something that's on your mind?" Her pulse began 
to pick up as she felt Tenchi stare right through her.  "Tenchi, well, I have been under 
quite a bit of pressure lately with the recent attempt on my life.  I was truly hurt that 
someone would try such a thing.  My people have done so much in the line of good 
diplomacy with neighboring planets that for such a thing to happen, well, it is 
unthinkable.  But now that is over with and I must continue to uphold Jurian standards 
and prevent this from ever happening again"   

	"Is that all that's bothering you Aeka, you've been avoiding me since we got here, 
are you upset at me over something?" Aeka realized he was right, she had been avoiding 
him ever since they had arrived, in fact, she was avoiding him right now, and she was still 
looking away from him, not once looking him directly in the eye.  She was afraid that if 
she did, he could see all her secrets and know all her thoughts, including how she really, 
truly felt for him.  "Tenchi, its just that, I missed you" Tenchi smiled and playfully 
responded, "Well, I missed you too" Aeka shook her head "No Tenchi, I truly missed 
you.  For the first time since I met you, I finally realized what it would be like not to have 
you around, and for the first time in my life, I felt empty.  I felt as if a part of me had 
been taken away, and I don't want that to happen again" 

	Tenchi was stunned, she had described the exact same way that he had felt while 
she was away.  "That, that's exactly how I felt Aeka.  When you were gone, I also felt the 
same, like something was missing, and I didn't like it either" His voice was more serious 
now as he realized the direction this conversation was taking.  He knew full well that the 
next few words might very well determine the future of their relationship.  Aeka now 
looked Tenchi in the eyes, and decided to go for it all.  "Tenchi, we've known each other 
for sometime now, we've seen each other at our best and our worst, me more so, and...I 
want you to know that you mean so much to me.  I've been so afraid to say anything to 
you because, I was too selfish to be honest and admit how I felt for you.  I've worn a 
mask all this time, hiding how I felt, afraid to show you my true face.  Then, on that night 
when you kissed me before I left...I want you to know that you were my first kiss, I had 
wanted it to be special, from someone special, and it was, even if it was just once, thank 
you" 

	She started to turn from him to make her way back inside, when she felt his hand 
on her shoulder.  She felt herself being turned around and found herself looking right into 
his eyes, her pulse went wild.  For a moment, she felt like she could see every thought, 
every emotion, every need, every want that he ever had.  Somewhere, she hoped, that she 
was one of them.  The next words that Tenchi spoke answered all her questions, and 
silenced all her doubts.  "Who said it had to be just once?" With that, Tenchi took Aeka 
and held her close and she was overwhelmed as he put his lips to hers.  Inside, her heart 
cried out to finally know that this was really happening, and that it was no dream.  The 
wind blew gently around the two embraced figures, and on that day, on a distant planet, 
two lonely souls finally found each other in the endless stream of existence.

	When they had finished, they both looked each other in the eyes.  "You realize 
Tenchi, this changes quite a few things" Aeka spoke after finally catching her breath.  
"Yes, I do, it means we can finally start being honest with one another" She smiled and 
kissed him again.  "It's late, we'll talk more about this in the morning" Tenchi spoke and 
Aeka nodded as they started walking back to her room.  All the while, they were never 
aware that two lonely eyes had been looking on from above, watching their every move, 
hanging on their every word, and in the end, these two eyes, were filled with tears.

	Washu sat up in bed; she hadn't been able to sleep, at least not just yet.  "So, he 
finally chose, well I guess I just wasn't his type after all, and they do make a cute couple, 
maybe he just might have room for me later on" Washu pondered this thought for a 
moment, smiled her mischievous grin and was about to call it a night.  (I'm sorry, my 
daughter, I was the only one aside from you that knew how you truly wanted it to be you) 
She knew that last message would probably be ignored, but it made her feel better 
knowing that she had at least tried.  With that, she turned out the lights, pulled the covers 
over her and went to sleep.

	Tenchi had walked Aeka back to her room and kissed her once more as he 
reminded her that they had a few things to talk about in the morning.  As he left, Aeka 
closed the door behind him.  She felt herself lean against the closed door as she put her 
hands to her chest; she felt her heart still beating quickly.  Aeka finally found out what 
she had been missing out on, and she hoped that it would never end.  Finally, she let out a 
deep breath and went to one of her dressers.  After finding a suitable change of clothing, 
she began to remove her jewelry and such.  (Oh Tenchi, thank you, I promise you, I will 
do all that I can to make this work, no matter what!)

	As she was getting ready to get changed, she heard a noise from behind her.  
"Who's there, come out!" Aeka nervously eyed the room looking for any hint as to 
whether there was someone, or something in her room.  At first, she thought she was only 
hearing things, but then she saw it.  There indeed had been someone there, waiting for 
how long, she did not know.  "You, show yourself!" Slowly the figure came out from the 
shadows and revealed its identity.  "Bendin, what are you doing here?" She spoke barely 
a whisper, as she was shocked to see the Imperial Messenger come into full view.  "Well, 
answer me, what are you doing in my room at this hour?" She raised her voice in case he 
had not heard her the first time. He merely stared at her, but there was something 
different about him, his eyes, they beamed at her.  "What indeed..." 

	His face was pale in the moonlight and a sickening smile began to creep across 
his face.  Aeka began to head towards the door as she noticed he had a cloth in his hand.  
Before she knew it, he was behind her.  She didn't have a chance to scream as he forced 
the cloth across her face.  There was a foul smelling odor from the cloth that began to 
make her feel lightheaded.  As she struggled against him, she knocked over several items 
from her dressers and finally succumbed to the foul odor that drenched the cloth.  As she 
began to lose consciousness, she saw Bendin standing over her with that same sickening 
smile...somehow...she had seen that smile before...but where.  Before she could guess, 
she lost all contact with the world around her.

	When morning came, everyone gathered in the dinning room for breakfast.  At the 
table however, Tenchi noticed that two were still missing.  (Hmm, Ryoko is probably still 
sleeping, but Aeka, she's never one to sleep late, but we were up pretty late last night) 
"Washu, do you know where Ryoko is?" Tenchi turned to Washu who was already 
helping herself to the dish in front of her.  "Well...she's probably hung over that's all, 
just leave her some leftovers" Sasami giggled at this and Ryo-ohki was simply too busy 
eating to be concerned over the status of her master.  "I'm going to go check up on Aeka" 
Tenchi excused himself and went off to awaken his princess.  

	As he was walking he thought of how to tell the others of his choice.  With the 
exception of Ryoko, they may all take it rather well.  He then thought of Ryoko, and the 
kind of response she would have, he shuddered at the thought of what she would do, what 
kind of damage she could cause.  

He was at her door, but there was something wrong.  "Aeka, are you up?" As he 
went to knock, the door slightly swung open.  He proceeded cautiously inside.  
"Aeka...AEKA...NOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"  


Please email all questions, comments and complaints to yours truly at: despairisu@aol.com.
