The Empires Prelate (Part V)

Disclaimer:  Any Tenchi characters in this fic
belong to AIC and Pioneer.  If there are any
characters that you have not heard of, they are mine!
Any legal letters sent to claim money will be filled under "I" for important.right in the pail



	As both Darul and Vin-Roc hurried down the hall to the screams they had heard, they 
both knew that if it were Tenchi were in trouble, they would not make it in time.  But then the 
screaming stopped, but that did not stop them from running, at least not immediately.  It was 
Darul who noticed that Vin-Roc had stopped running, and had a look of awe on his face.  "By the 
gods...it...it can't be...it feels so...powerful...yet so pure..." The soldier stood still while Darul 
walked over and waved a hand in front of his face "Hey.anybody there.what the hell are you 
talking about?" Vin-Roc turned to the mercenary "Did you not feel it...it was incredible..." Darul 
slowly shook his head "Look man, you're creepin me out...come on...we're almost there...don't 
start getting all mystical on me..." They continued down the path till they reached the end.  In the 
room they noticed the door that unmistakably led to the room where Aeka was being held.  They 
noticed that an outline had been left of a body that had just recently been incinerated; they were 
relieved to see that it was not Tenchi's.  "Well, guess our boy Tenchi made the grade on this 
one...after you my good man" Darul gestured to Vin-Roc to go first through the door.  The 
soldier ignored his crude attempt at humor and proceeded.

	Washu was getting fatigued with the length of hacking she had before her, but she was 
nearly finished, soon the central core would be deactivated and the threat would be averted.  What 
Washu never noticed though was the security measures that had been set in the unlikely event that 
someone would be so foolish to try what was being done.  Several tentacles appeared through 
small ports in the walls and began making their way towards Washu.  As Washu was nearly 
completed with her task, she paused to take a breather.  From the corner of her eye, she noticed 
that there was something approaching her.  Quickly turning, she avoided being electrocuted by 
one of the tentacles.  Washu formed a small energy saber and began to take out the security 
devices till it appeared there were none.  "That takes care of that, now if there will be no further 
interruption, super genius at work here!" As she was nearly completed, she never noticed the last 
tentacle creeping up from behind till it was too late.  It struck her with an electric force that would 
have killed her but she managed to slice it with her saber.  As the tentacle fell to the floor, so did 
she.  Washu began to fall into unconsciousness (...Tenchi...don't let me down...I still...you...) 
and then she passed out.

	In the great hall where the Directorate sat waiting next to the tank where Aeka was being 
held, his patience soon paid off, for he was soon joined by Tenchi and then by Vin-Roc and 
Darul.  The three turned and nodded to one another happy that they had all made it, and then they 
turned to the Directorate who clapped his hands in amusement.  "Well done...well done 
indeed.this is most splendid.  You have bested my heralds, a feat I thought you would not be 
able to accomplish.  And now, you are all here, how convenient" He smiled and folded his hands 
together.  Tenchi stepped forward "All right, we made it here, release Aeka...NOW!" The 
Directorate leaned forward and stared directly at Tenchi "My...we are the bold one...good...  But 
you see, I simply cannot give up my prized possession, for I still have not yet accomplished what 
I set out to do...but worry not, you are all invited to stay and witness a momentous event...the 
complete destruction of Jurai...a pity though as such a feat will undoubtedly end dear Princess 
Aekas short and meaningless existence, but so be it" Vin-Roc stepped forward "Surely, you do 
not expect us to simply stand back and do nothing?" Darul too stepped forward "Oh hell yeah, 
look old timer, we didn't come all this way so you could toast a whole planet" He pulled out his 
gun with his only good arm "So give up the Princess or its 'Lets see what the Directorate had for 
lunch' time" He took aim straight at the Directorate who continued to smile.  "Disrespectful 
whelp, you truly do not yet fully comprehend the situation do you...very well then...fire if you 
will" Darul full welcomed the invitation and took several shots at the Directorate.

	All of his shots merely reflected off the Directorate as a field of sorts surrounded him.  
They also noticed that Aeka showed visible signs of pain with each reflected shot.  "As you can 
see, this field is quite effective, so much so that any damage you may try to inflict on me will be 
felt by dear Princess Aeka...do be careful for in her condition I fear she may not be able to handle 
much more...Ha...Ha...Ha...HAHAHAHA!"  All three of them took a step back; there was 
nothing that could be done.  "You damned coward." Vin-Roc shouted, it was all he could do.  
Tenchi merely watched on, looking down at the ground.  He did not come all this way to lose.he 
would try one more time.  He focused his thoughts on Aeka only, ignoring the taunts and laughter 
from the Directorate, drawing inward, he felt it and called it out once more.  Again, he was bathed 
in a blue light, as both Darul and Vin-Roc looked on in awe.  The Directorate raised an eyebrow 
"My...such power, perhaps you would make an excellent replacement when I am done with the 
Princess" Tenchi merely looked coldly into the old mans eyes "Like hell you will" He formed one 
sword and lunged forth, but not at the Directorate, his aim was Aeka.  "You're mad, what do you 
think you are doing?" The old man shouted, but it was too late.  Tenchi closed his eyes, thought 
of all that he had wanted to do with Aeka and struck the tank which held her.  His sword broke 
through the field causing Aeka great pain, but she was set free.  As Aeka fell into Tenchi's arms, 
once more, the Light Hawk Wings disappeared again.  

	"Aeka...are you all right?" Tenchi tried to awake Aeka "...Tenchi...you 
came...for...me...thank...you..." She fainted from the ordeal and he held her close.  The 
Directorate swung madly in his chair "You fool...do you think that this is the end...well it is...for 
all of you!" He began to punch away at the buttons on his chair "It does not matter, I have 
absorbed enough power from her!  I may not be able to destroy Jurai, but there is more than an 
ample amount of power to obliterate all of you!" Another button was pressed and a fierce red ball 
of energy engulfed his chair, the Directorates voice now boomed throughout the hall 
"BEHOLD...THE TRUE POWER OF MY PERFECT WEAPON!!" They were engulfed in the 
red fire and would have perished if Vin-Roc had not stepped in and immediately raised a field 
around them, but it would not last.  "I...I can not hold this...too much energy...even I cannot 
stop an entire planet!" The shield that surrounded them grew smaller and smaller, soon it would 
fail them.  Tenchi held Aeka closer as time and space began to distort around them (...well...this 
is it...wait...there's still Washu!)

	Off in the center of the planet, Washu lay unconscious...she had no idea how desperately 
she was needed.  (Oh...its so quiet here...no distractions, no noise...no Aeka or Ryoko 
fighting...and no Mihoshi!  I could stay here forever...but...there's something 
missing...Tenchi...where are you...why aren't you here...I need you...please don't leave 
me...but if you won't be here...then I guess it has to be...guess I should get up now...I still have 
to finish my job) Slowly, Washu began to get up, rubbed her arm where she had been shocked 
and got back to the terminal.  She noticed that most of the power had been directed to the main 
hall.  "Oh no, its begun, I have to hurry!" Like mad, Washu typed away in hopes that she would 
be able to implement her last ditch attempt.

	The shield was getting smaller, and everyone knew it would only be a matter of time.  
Darul sat back and hopelessly watched, he could only wait and hope that something would 
happen, and something did.  As the Directorate increased the power, his eyes grew wide as 
victory seemed imminent for him.  "So sweetly this tastes, oh vengeance how lovely." Without 
warning, the power levels began to fluctuate "What...what is this...no!!!!!!!!!!" He punched 
angrily at the console on his chair, trying to realign the power flow.  Suddenly, the entire flow of 
energy was set in reverse, and the Directorate found himself engulfed by his own weapon.  
"AAAAAAAAGGGGHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!" He screamed as every part of his body was 
consumed and tossed forwards and back through the infinity of time, and then he vanished.        	
	
	Much to Vin-Rocs relief, he released the shield from around them.  They all stood in 
disbelief "What just happened?" Darul asked, puzzled though not ungrateful for the apparent 
miracle.  Tenchi stood, still holding Aeka "Thanks...little Washu...wait...we still have to get 
her!" A look of shock came across his face.  "Vin-Roc stepped forward and put a hand on his 
shoulder "Do not fear, I will get her" He tapped a few buttons on his console and manually 
activated the transport mechanism aboard the Heart of Darkness and had it home in on Washu, he 
then activated the transporter and Washu materialized before them.  "Nice" Washu noted as she 
walked over to where the rest of the gang were.  Before there was any chance for small talk, the 
ground began to shake quite violently.  "What is the meaning of this?" Vin-Roc inquired as the 
ground shook more violently this time.  Washu pulled up her computer and looked frantically at 
the screen "This is bad people...all that power used for the weapon caused an overload in the 
hyper manual flux sensator and is causing massive hemorrhaging through the superstructure..." 
Tenchi grew impatient "In English Washu!" "The energy used by the weapon caused the core of 
the planet to go nuts, this whole rock is about to go kaboom!" Darul had a look of panic "Oh 
@#$%, this ain't good, lets get out of here...hey Vin, call your computer buddy up there and 
have it get us the heck outta here!" Vin-Roc nodded and tapped the console and contacted the 
ship "Computer...situation red...immediate evac now!" A moment passed and there was no 
response "Computer...COMPUTER IMMEDIATE EVAC!" But again there was no response, 
just static.  "We have to get to higher ground, there seems to be too much interference from all 
the free roaming energy that is being released" With that, they began to run for the nearest exit 
which would lead them to the surface.  

	When they had finally reached the surface, they looked in awe as they saw the ground 
literally collapse into itself "All matter is being pulled into the planets core, we have to go now!" 
Washu shouted.  Again, Vin-Roc tapped his console trying to raise his ships computer 
"Computer...computer...I need an immediate evac, I repeat an immediate evac...do you hear 
me?" A moment passed and there was a voice heard over some crackling "Sir...I hear 
you...however...I have sustained severe...damage from a surprise attack...planetary defense...all 
gone now...but unable to...execute evac...I am sorry." There was a look of solemn despair 
across the soldiers face...this was it, he spoke quite possibly for the last time to his computer 
"You...you did well, I am proud of you...try to escape the planets wake if possible...and...try to 
return home...let my wife know what has happened..." Another moment passed "Affirmative, I 
shall try my best...out" He turned to face the others, but by the look on his face, he could tell that 
he didn't need to tell them.there was no escaping this.  Darul hung his head low but still 
managed a smile "Well, at least I got to finish my little war.and I got to meet some interesting 
characters along the way...guess you're off the hook for that new ship you owe me Washu" She 
let out a slight chuckle.  Vin-Roc only gazed heavenward.wishing this was not the end...he 
almost thought he saw a shooting star pass nearby.  The ground continued its descent into the 
planets core, which was now reaching critical mass.  Soon, they were left standing on the only 
solid block of ground as far as they could tell.  Tenchi simply held Aeka close, if it were to end, 
he wanted it to be with the one he cared most for.  Washu walked over to Tenchi, feeling 
powerless, she simply put her arms around him and waited.  As the ground beneath them began to 
crumble, they noticed themselves bathed in a white light of sorts and they began to feel 
lightheaded...then, everything went black.

	  (...Aeka...Washu...Darul...Vin-Roc...they're all gone...and so am I...but where am I?  
Is this heaven...I don't want to die just yet...not when...not when I finally have 
someone...someone always to be with...please...if anyone can hear me...don't let me die!!!) 
"...no...don't let me...die...Aeka." "Tenchi...Tenchi wake up...TENCHI!" There was a hard 
slap across his face and Tenchi immediately came to.  At first, everything was a blur...but then he 
cleared his eyes and saw Washu standing over him "Well...you decided to join us sleeping 
beauty" The scientist smiled as she helped him up.  He looked around and immediately realized 
they were aboard Ryo-ohki.  "But...that means that..." He looked over and saw Ryoko at the 
controls, she briefly glanced over and had a look of relief that he was fine, she then turned back to 
the main screen.  Washu briefed him on what had happened, how that at the last moment Ryoko 
had a change of heart and came to the rescue, transporting them up moments before they hit the 
planets core.  The Heart of Darkness was in close tow, as Vin-Roc had requested to beam over to 
assist and oversee repairs.  This was not necessary, as the ship was quite capable of repairing 
itself, but he was very uncomfortable being around this version of Ryoko.  Darul had also beamed 
over to get some medical assistance from the ships onboard med program.  "Where...where is 
Aeka..." Tenchi began to panic but Washu pointed to a bed where she had been resting the whole 
time.  He felt some relief, but he had to know "Washu.will she.will she be all right?" She 
shook her head "I don't know Tenchi, she lost a lot of life from that weapon...my hope is that 
back on Jurai there may be a way of her recovering her lost Jurian life-force" He walked to Aeka 
and kissed her gently on the lips.  He then went over to Ryoko who tried not to look his way "I...I 
know you're still angry at me...but for whatever it's worth...thank you...you saved us 
all...you're a hero Ryoko...we owe you our lives." He went to put a hand on her shoulder, but 
decided not.  He walked back to Aeka and never heard her reply "But...that still doesn't get me 
you..." She tried, but could not hold back a tear or two.  They tore across space at top speed, 
Jurai was soon within viewing.

	On Jurai, Aeka was quietly rushed back to her room where Sasami was waiting with a 
small kit, which contained the items necessary for such an event.  "Tenchi, you have to wait out 
here.I'll tell you when we're done" He nodded as Sasami closed the door behind him.  Tenchi 
sat outside her room, refusing to give up hope.  He simply closed his eyes and kept praying over 
and over that Aeka live...live to be with him...nothing more.  He stayed that way for the duration 
of the day.

	Outside by the spaceport, Vin-Roc was overseeing the final touches to the repairs of his 
ship.  He looked it over; it was a fine ship, one of the best in the universe, both dimensions as far 
as he was concerned.  But, he was still stuck in this dimension, and quite possibly for good.  He 
leaned against the ship and sighed, although they had succeeded in stopping a great threat, there 
was still his dilemma.  He reached into his pocket and pulled out a holo-crystal, it had a recorded 
image that never left his side...or his heart.  The image was of the wedding day of he and his wife 
Ryoko.it was a day he never could forget.the thought of never seeing her again nearly brought 
him to tears.  He almost didn't notice that Ryoko who was coming up from behind him "Hey 
whatcha got there?"  Before she had a chance to see what was the image, he put the crystal away.  
"Oh...nothing...I want to thank you again for rescuing us...I do not have much to offer in the 
form of payment however..." She simply waved off his offer to repay her "Hey...it was 
nothing...really" But he insisted "I insist, my code will not allow a debt so great to go 
unpaid...please...take this" He reached over his shoulder and took off his shoulder sling which 
held his sword and offered it to her. 

	At first he was reluctant, but then realized if it had not been for her, he would not be here.  
"Wow...nice...really nice...thank you...I got a feeling this was important to you" She 
unsheathed the sword and tried it out.  "Yes...but I have come to realize that there are somethings 
that you must soon come to part ways with, no matter how dear they may be...it happens to us 
all, it is a part of life, a painful part, but one that cannot be denied" He bowed to Ryoko in thanks 
as she too bowed and began walking away (...you have no idea how right you are...I only wish 
you were wrong though).  He again took on a solemn face, and this time was met by Washu 
"Hey, looking a little glum there...how come?" He sighed again, but felt that talking aobut it may 
help "I...I am from another dimension...I came here when that weapon was used, it caused a 
spacial anomaly that brought me here...but now" He turned to face the sky "Now...I fear I may 
never get back home..." Washu smiled a bit "Well, it would be a difficult thing to 
accomplish...unless of course you're the greatest scientific genius in the universe" He turned to 
face her  "You mean...you can help me get home?" "Of course I can...just one thing..." "Name 
it...anything you wish" She held her hands together and had a look of childish intent "Would you 
please call me little Washu?" He was a bit confused by this request but was so grateful of the 
prospect of returning home he was more than happy to oblige.  He clasped both hands together 
and bowed deeply in great appreciation "Of course, thank you little Washu...thank 
you...goddess." She looked puzzled over his last comment, but began working on the proper 
dimensional gate to get him back home.  The soldier turned and went to bid farewell to Tenchi.

	He was still outside Aeka's room; it had been all day and still nothing.  He refused to 
leave even to eat, and then Vin-Roc was standing over him.  "Oh.hi." The soldier looked 
solemn "I see she has still not fully recovered then?" Tenchi shook his head.  "I have come to say 
goodbye, Washu has provided me with a means to return to my home.and to my wife.  I feel 
your pain Tenchi.but do not fear.I have. a feeling things will turn out for the best.  You 
simply need to believe, in the end, all you can do is believe.I must go now.thank you again.  
To say that you fought with honor and courage.would still not do you justice enough, I am 
proud to have fought side by side with you" He bowed to Tenchi "Will.will we ever see you 
again?" The soldier smiled "Look to the stars young man.look and perhaps one may look back 
to you.and that one may be me" This time they both bowed, and he took his leave.

	At the space dock, Vin-Roc went over his final inspection, all systems were sound.  
Before boarding, he thanked Darul "A scoundrel you may be...but there is honor even among the 
lowly, or so I have been told.  I am proud to have fought alongside you as well", he wished him 
well and bowed.  Darul merely stuck out a hand to shake, bowing wasn't his style "No offense, 
but its just not me" He smiled and Vin-Roc accepted his shake.  He boarded his ship and looked 
back one last time before taking off.  His ship quickly left the planet and was in space  
"Computer...lets go home...open the dimensional gate" At that, the portal opened and the Heart 
of Darkness entered, leaving this dimension behind, and returning to his own.  Washu watched, 
happy that she could help him but still..."Now what did he mean by goddess?"
	
	Darul turned his attention now to Washu who did the same; she knew what he 
was going to ask.  "Heh, not to worry, I haven't forgotten our little deal, one ship coming up" He 
rubbed his hand against the bottom of his chin and thought it would be best to exploit the 
situation as much as possible...he was after all, a mercenary, not a gentleman.  "Now, about that 
ship, I need you to make sure that it is a fine one, my last one was faithful to the end, and I won't 
accept anything less from this one" Washu gulped as she saw a long day ahead of her.  "Sure 
thing..." Just as she was getting ready to leave he made one last request "Oh, one more 
thing.make sure the AI has...shall we say, a very attractive personality...if you know what I 
mean" He gave a little wink with his eye and Washu sighed (What did I get myself into...) She 
hung her head low and opened a portal which would lead her to one of her workshops where she 
would begin on making the ship according to Daruls 'specifications'.

  "Well, that's that...now what have we here?" He looked over to Ryoko, who was 
simply standing over a balcony looking into a river down below.  (I never was one to let a pretty 
lady alone looking so sad) He walked over to where she was "Hey there, thanks again for saving 
us...names Darul" She kept looking into the river thinking about the changes happening in her 
life, "Names Ryoko...don't mention it." There was a bit of silence and Darul felt uncomfortable 
(This is not a great way to start things off) "So.what do you plan on doing from here?" Darul 
tried to start some small talk.  "I don't know, I guess go back to roaming the stars...not too many 
reasons to stick around here...he told me something...there are somethings that you must soon 
come to part ways with...and he was right.  It won't be easy, but I guess I have to try" Darul 
didn't have a clue to what she was talking about, and he really didn't seem to care either.  "Look, 
how 'bout I buy you a drink at the tavern in town, I'm gonna be here a while till my ship is ready, 
care to join me, I hate drinking alone?" Ryoko was a bit irritated that he was trying to hit on 
her...but figured it beats sitting around watching water pass under the bridge "Sure, why the hell 
not" They both went their way to town "By the way, did I mention that I'm a pretty well known 
guy around these parts..." Really..." "No Really...Darul D'amond...mercenary 
extraordinaire..." They continued walking to town, all the while Darul was busy doing his best to 
make himself look good and Ryoko trying not to sound too interested in all his bragging.  Washu 
poked her head out of a dimensional hole and watched with a smile as the two faded off into the 
distance (...Ryoko...good hunting with this one...he's no Tenchi that's for sure).  

	It was nighttime, and Tenchi was still waiting outside Aeka's room.  He had been there 
since morning, keeping an ever-constant vigil.  (Aeka...please...don't leave me...) Finally, the 
door to her room opened and Sasami stepped out.  He immediately jumped to his feet and ran to 
her "Sasami...will she." Sasami simply put a hand on Tenchi's arm "She's resting right 
now...I've done all I can, most of her Jurian life force has been restored...now the rest is up to 
her" Tenchi hung his head low, he had hoped for more positive news, but at least she was alive, 
for now.  Sasami saw the look of hurt on his face "Go to her Tenchi, maybe with you by her side, 
she may come back to us" Tenchi nodded and went to kiss Sasami on the forehead, but was 
surprised when she picked her head higher, and their lips met.  He was shocked at first, but then 
realized that there was more to Sasami then met the eye, she was also Tsunami as well, and he 
knew they both cared very much for him as well.  When they had parted, Sasami blushed slightly 
"Remember me Tenchi...you mean just as much to me as well..." "I could never forget you 
Sasami, or your sister...the two of you are important to me, I realize that now...I have to go to 
her, thank you Sasami" He walked into her room and closed the door behind her.  Sasami wiped a 
tear from her eye; she truly loved Tenchi and wanted to be with him, but also with her sister, the 
three of them.   As she began to turn and walk away, she saw Washu standing a few feet off in the 
distance.  "Well, I finished with Darul's ship, I hope this calls it even.  You really care about him 
don't you Sasami?" The little princess nodded and went to hug Washu.  "I'll tell you a little secret 
too Sasami...you aren't the only one who cares for him." Sasami looked up into Washu's eyes, 
she knew who she really was, what she was, Tsunami had told her, but made her promise not to 
tell, that was something Washu needed to find out on her own.  Washu continued "Who knows, 
maybe...maybe he might accept me too...in this crazy universe...strange things have been known 
to happen" she held Sasami close and they then turned and began walking away, Tenchi and 
Aeka would need some privacy now.   

	Inside Aeka's room, Tenchi walked over to her bed and saw the princess laying there, 
still and motionless.  He ran his hand through her hair, and caressed her face.  This was not the 
way he wanted it to end.  He had gone through so much, tried so hard, would he be left with a 
lifeless shell, empty of the life that he wanted to be a part of, the love he wanted to make a part of 
his own?  He picked Aeka up and held her in his arms.  He didn't care if this would be the end; he 
just wanted her close to him, to feel her warmth one last time.  "Aeka...please don't leave me...I 
need you...I want you with me always...please...I love you." A tear fell from his eye and 
landed on her cheek.  He buried his head in her hair and took in her scent one more time; it was 
nothing short of beautiful.  He was about to lay her back down, but he felt a hand reach for his.  
He leaned her head back and saw Aeka open her eyes and look into his.  "Aeka...you're...you're 
back!" He held her closely and tried not to cry too much, but he could not help it, and he kissed 
her.  

	He sat beside her in her bed and held her close in front of him.  Aeka leaned her head 
against his chest and held both his hands " I knew you would not leave me...I tried so hard not to 
leave...and then when I heard your voice...I knew that I simply could not leave." Aeka looked 
into Tenchi's eyes, she knew they had been through so much recently, but now that they were 
together, none of that mattered anymore.  She leaned up and kissed him "I...I love you 
Tenchi...I'll always love you...never forget that" Tenchi kissed Aeka "If ever I should forget, 
may my life end that same moment" They kissed again as the stars came out overhead.  Aeka's 
parents would be returning soon from lengthy negotiations with a far of system, and they would 
be quite pleased and quite shocked as to the recent events their daughter had been involved in.  
Nevertheless, with the exception of her father, her mother and aunt would be pleased with her 
choice, and for her father, he would eventually come around and accept Tenchi, for in time, all 
things are possible.    

"So...you finally decided to come back home...where were you...I was worried 
sick...next time I'm coming with you.  Who knows what little hussies may be throwing 
themselves at you...well I won't have any of that!" It was a long day back home on Alcaron, Vin-
Roc knew that his wife was glad to se him again, she just had a rather.unique way of showing 
it.it was good to be home again.  "Are you listening to me?" Vin-Roc pulled his wife close to 
him and kissed her for quite sometime "I never stopped listening to you.my wife" They both 
smiled and as they began walking through the garden outside the palace, she mentioned to him 
how if they hurried, they would make it in time for the wedding of Tenchi and Kiyone.  Vin-Roc 
looked up to a clear and beautiful sky and held Ryoko close to him "Yes...that is an event I 
would not miss for all the tears of Techlar"




Notes from the author:

I truly hoped that you enjoyed this, it was a bit of work, but I can finally say "phew" I hope you 
enjoyed this rather lengthy fan-fic.  Please as always send all your questions and comments to yours truly at 
despairisu@aol.com.  Remember, the only way to improve is to be made aware of your faults as well as 
your best points.  Oh, and here's a little extra to go along with Tenchi's feelings for Aeka:

Let them know


I have you here
I have you now
Please take my hand
Do not ever let go
I want you here by me 
By my side always
And soon a part of me
From beginning to end 
I have you here
But will you believe
After the end
Will you remember our days? 
And not forget our nights
I have you here
Please take my hand
Be my shelter from the cold 
Keep my heart warm
Sharpen my smile
And give my soul
A reason to go on
If I should cry
Do not stop me 
For, it is the sound
Of my heart rejoicing 
I have you here 
I have you now
You have me 
And I pray
That it will not be 
Just for now
  




