I do not claim to own any of the characters below, they are the property of 
Pioneer. I am writting about them for my pleasure, and the pleasure of others. 
So don't take this wonderful privlage of using them away!
This is my second fan fic and it is a little better than the first, but not by 
much. The paragraphing is much better and the dialog is more organized, that is 
about it.


Emptiness

By Lindsay Pivin



Ryoko strolled into the room, wearing her favorite outfit. It was the blue 
jumper with yellow stripes. The belt hung limply, which was unusual. Ryoko 
almost always had it swishing behind her, as if it lived.
Kiyone looked up from where she was sitting. She noticed the belt hanging 
lifeless, but said nothing. Kiyone knew better than to comment about how Ryoko 
was dressed. She would pay for a remark Ryoko didn't like.
Instead of speaking, Kiyone gave Ryoko a smile. Ryoko totally ignored her and 
went straight outside.
Mihoshi, who was also in the room, glanced away from the TV.
"What's the matter with her?"
"I'm not entirely sure."
"Uhhh. Hmmm. Maybe she couldn't find something to eat?"
"No Mihoshi, that's not it!" Kiyone said, obviously aggravated by Mihoshi's 
mindless guess. 
"Well, I'm starved, so I'm going to get a snack." Mihoshi said, as she left the 
room, in search of food.
Kiyone groaned at Mihoshi's own ignorance. Why did she always have to get stuck 
with Mihoshi? It was getting on her nerves. The fact that Mihoshi was a grown 
woman, but had the lowest brainpower of any Jurian, made Kiyone wonder how she 
ever got a job with the "Galaxy Police". In fact, a bug would be the only fair 
opponent in an I.Q. test with Mihoshi.
Mihoshi's voice interrupted Kiyone's thoughts.
"Hey! Guess what I found! Chips! Oh, and some pie too!"
"Wonderful Mihoshi." Kiyone said, the least bit enthusiastic.

Ryoko wandered solemnly over to the archway in front of the Masaki family home. 
Flying up to the top, she reclined back, looking at the cloudless, blue sky. 
Tenchi had rejected her earlier today. She had asked him to take a walk with 
her, but he refused. No matter how much Ryoko coaxed and tried to entice him, 
Tenchi would not go, which was not normally the case. She was glad no one seemed 
to take notice of her after the incident of the morning. No one even knew about 
the rebuff from Tenchi as far as she had knowledge of. That was the way she 
wanted to keep it.
"Why didn't he want to go? It's not like him to just...just...." 
Ryoko's fist came down hard on the arch, making a massive crack streak right 
though the wood. The arch collapsed into a heap beneath the now hovering Ryoko. 
She slowly came down to the ground. 
Ryoko walked back to the house and passed through the wall, which she 
occasionally did, instead of using an entrance. She proceeded to her room 
without stopping and went through the door, just like a spirit.

Yosho came running out of the house to see what the noise was. No one was there, 
excluding himself, which surprised the old man.
"What caused this?" He said, pondering over the mound of wood fragments.
Tenchi came bounding from the carrot field with the sight of his Grandfather 
running. Was something the matter?
"Grandfather, is everything all right?" He said, trying to catch his breath. 
Tenchi knew his Grandfather ordinarily took his time to get somewhere. The sight 
of him running made Tenchi worried.
"Well, I wouldn't call that right." Yosho said, pointing to the mass of wood 
where the arch used to be.
Tenchi was stunned only momentarily at the sight.
"What happened, Grandfather?"
"I am not certain. I heard a loud noise, so I came outside. I though you or one 
of the girls might have been hurt. Apparently, that is not the case."
Tenchi expression was of confusion as he glanced around at the surrounding area. 
What ever smashed it was strong, because the archway was now in ruins. He 
scratched the back of his head.
"I sure don't know what caused this, but I think it is in to many pieces to 
fix."
"I do believe you are right, Tenchi." His Grandfather chuckled. 
Kicking the mound of wood, Tenchi spoke again.
"Should we go to the store to get supplies for a new arch?"
"Yes. But who said anything about 'we'?"
Tenchi grinned. He knew the only way to get his Grandfather to go was to win one 
of his tests.
"What must I do to get you to come with me, honored Grandfather?" He said, 
mockingly.
"Show that you are worthy of traveling with such an honored person." Yosho 
teased back. Though, in his mind, he knew this was an important part of Tenchi's 
training. He would not let him off easy.
And the trial began.

Ayeka walked into the kitchen to get some tea. Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Washu were 
also there, enjoying the cookies Sasami had made.
"I have not seen Ryoko since this morning. Where could that woman be? Not that I 
care. She can be in hiding for as long as she wants and I wouldn't mind." 
Kiyone turned to Ayeka, wondering why she even wanted to know. 
Since Ryoko was kind of mysterious at times, Kiyone hardly paid attention to 
her. It was almost impossible to guess what Ryoko wanted or was about to do 
next. The fact that Ryoko was not about, following Tenchi around like a dog, 
drooling all over him, didn't even occur to her.
"I saw Ryoko walk outside a couple of hours ago, Ayeka. But incase you want to 
know more, she was not wearing her belt as she constantly does."
Indecisive of what Kiyone was getting at, Ayeka replied harshly. 
"Why does it matter if Ryoko wore her cloth rope differently? I wouldn't care if 
she put it in a bow!"
"Calm down, Ayeka! I just thought it was strange for Ryoko not to move the belt 
around like she had a tail."
Ayeka sat down and sipped on her hot tea. "What am I yelling at?" She pondered. 
"At least Ryoko is out of my way and far from Tenchi. Wait! Where is Tenchi?"
"Kiyone, have you seen Tenchi?"
"You aren't going to yell at me on this one, are you?" Kiyone questioned.
Ayeka was losing her patience, but held her temper. 
"No, but I will if you don't hurry up."
Kiyone carefully chose her words this time.
"I know Tenchi went to the store, but he should be back by now. I heard the 
archway was broken, so check over there."
Ayeka ran off, without even a 'Thank you'.
"Some thanks I get." Kiyone thought. "I end being the information giver, but I 
never receive anything in return."
"Ha ha ha ha! So you made it back Tenchi?" His Grandfather laughed. "Next time 
you'll take me more seriously when I say, 'You will drop it if you lift it that 
way.'" 
Yosho was remembering the words said to Tenchi at the trial. Tenchi had to 
demonstrate his strength. If he showed he still needed exercise, his Grandfather 
would make Tenchi do it himself. 
Yosho had him lift one of the beams of the arch still intact. Tenchi did, but 
when asked to support another piece of wood, he could not. No matter how much 
Tenchi tried, he couldn't lift it, so he failed and had to go by himself to the 
store. 
Having carried all the wood back from the store, Tenchi plopped to the ground. 
"Grandfather, I hope you don't make me do this again. I had to make four trips! 
That is why I asked you to come in the first place." 
Tenchi looked exhausted and rubbed around his shoulder. He winced when he hit a 
sore spot.
Yosho smiled. 
"I know that was why, Tenchi my boy. But you needed the exercise. You proved 
nothing when you couldn't raise the wood like I asked."
Tenchi looked at his Grandfather's old face. Sometimes Tenchi didn't understand 
what the purpose of some of the training was for. Why didn't his Grandfather 
just come with him and help? Now his back was sore and aching from carrying all 
the wood back to the house. Oh well. It was over and he did it.
"Now, let's see." His Grandfather glanced up at Tenchi before turning to the 
pile of rubbish. "I need help clearing this away."
"Grandpa!"
"All right, all right, Tenchi." He chuckled. "I will do it myself. You go inside 
and lie down for awhile."
Tenchi gladly departed his Grandfather, only to meat Ayeka hurrying towards him. 
Tenchi slumped his shoulders.
"Will I ever have time separated from all these people?" He thought.
"Lord Tenchi! I was wondering if...."
Tenchi wasn't listening. 
"Guess not."
Ayeka finished speaking and was waiting for an answer. Tenchi snapped back to 
reality and gazed at Ayeka. He became aware of the fact that she had asked him a 
question. 
"Great. Now I really wont have time by myself." Tenchi speculated, obtaining his 
conclusion by Ayeka's face.
"Tenchi, you weren't listening were you?" Ayeka said, frustrated.
"Well, not exactly." He admitted.
"Then I guess I'll have to repeat my request again, Tenchi." Ayeka lifted one of 
her eyebrows, annoyed written all over her face. "Now then, Tenchi...."
Before she could start, Tenchi butted in, knowing that interrupting would really 
aggravate Ayeka. He could regret it, but did not feel like anything more than 
taking a nap. Tenchi was not going to fill out one of the princess's wishes 
right now. He was sure of that.
"Ayeka, I really want to just lie down and...."
This time Ayeka interrupted him.
"How does it feel to have someone barge in while your talking, Tenchi?" She put 
her hands up to her face and faked a surprised look. "Oh! You don't like it? Too 
bad!"
All Tenchi could do was stand there and listen to the raging princess. Tenchi 
looked helpless.
"Tenchi, this is important! I do not want you to disrupt me again. Is that 
clear?"
Tenchi barely managed a nod.
"Good. Now as I was saying, Ryoko is not around at this moment, so I thought we 
could go out to dinner." Ayeka looked longingly at him. "We haven't done that in 
such a long time, Lord Tenchi."
Tenchi did not know what to do. He really had no good reason not to go, except 
that Ryoko would probably kill him if he did. On the other hand, Ayeka would 
give him serious injuries if he didn't.
"Tenchi!" His Grandfather called. "I thought I told you to do something." 
Yosho walked over to the now relieved boy. "Ayeka, I told Tenchi to do a chore 
for me, so he must follow through. I am sorry to ruin any plans you were making, 
but Tenchi has to learn to obey." Yosho pretended to be angry with his grandson.
Ayeka huffed back into the Masaki's home.
"Grandpa, thank you very much. I thought I had no choice but to go with her."
"I may have relieved you this time, Tenchi, but you need to learn to do it 
yourself. I might not be in such a convenient place during the next incident."
With those words, he left Tenchi to think over what was said. Tenchi wearily 
turned and went inside to his bed. He fell asleep shortly after.


Ryoko came down the stairs to eat whatever Sasami had fixed for dinner. 
"I wonder what's on the table tonight." She spoke with little enthusiasm in her 
voice.
Sasami peaked around the kitchen wall and saw Ryoko coming down the stairs.
"There you are! Dinner is ready and I fixed extra because I thought you and 
Tenchi might be really hungry. I didn't see either of you eat lunch."
Ryoko walked on by, and sat down at the table. 
"Come to think of it, I am rather hungry." She thought.
Tenchi sat at the end of the table, across from his Grandfather, as always. This 
was to avoid any confrontation from the girls on who gets to take a seat next to 
him.
Mihoshi was stuffing her face, as usual, and hardly took time to breathe, unlike 
Ayeka, who sat up straight, and properly ate her food, disgusted with the way 
Mihoshi was eating. Tenchi was picking at his food, feeling both Ryoko's and 
Ayeka's eyes on him.
Sensing the awkward silence at the table, Yosho spoke up.
"Does anyone know why the archway, in front of the house, was crushed and in a 
pile outside?"
Ryoko looked at Yosho immediately, but then turned her attention back to eating. 
"I probably shouldn't give this one away, at least for now." She thought, taking 
another bite of sweet potato. "I might be able to use it to my advantage." A 
nasty leer appeared on her face.
"Yah." Tenchi agreed with his Grandfather. " I had to get wood from the store to 
build a new arch and now my back is killing me." Tenchi pressed on his back with 
his hand.
Ayeka jerked her head towards Tenchi upon hearing that he was in pain.
"Lord Tenchi, are you all right? Maybe you should rest in the baths for awhile. 
The warm waters will feel good on your aching body."
"I guess that would be nice." He said, wishing he were in the hot water at that 
moment.
Sasami gave Ryo-ohki a bowl of carrots and sat down to eat the dinner she had 
cooked. Ryo-ohki meowed in contentment and started eating the orange vegetables 
like there was no tomorrow.
Washu reached for her chopsticks and started eating the bowl of curry rice set 
before her. 
"What is this talk I hear about a broken archway?" Washu asked.
Ryoko turned to her and spoke without any interest. 
"It is in a big pile over in the front yard."
"What did that?"
Ryoko shrugged. "Oh, I don't know. A monster. Who knows?"
Mihoshi stopped eating and stared at Ryoko. Fear came over Mihoshi.
"M-m-m-m-monster?" She asked, shaking with fright. Mihoshi quickly glimpsed 
around the room, checking for some unknown creature lurking in the shadows.
"Come on Ryoko!" Tenchi said, not at all convinced. "You know there are no such 
things!"
"Maybe not, but what else smashed it?" She sipped on her tea. Looking a bit 
nervous, she continued. "I heard something like a growl earlier today while I 
was taking a walk. I stayed hidden for awhile, so that explains my absence."
Mihoshi grabbed Kiyone. "Oh! What if it comes to eat us?"
Ryoko noticed that only Mihoshi was convinced. 
Ryoko abruptly stopped what she was doing and listened. She slowly went into the 
next room and then a loud growl filled the air. Ryoko ran back scared and 
grasped Tenchi's hand.
"Tenchi! Something is out there!" 
Ryoko saw everyone's frightened faces.
Ayeka's eyes became wide. "Wh-what is exactly out there, Ryoko?"
Ryoko could no longer hold back the amusement. She doubled over laughing, 
rolling on the floor.
Tenchi knew they had been tricked. "Ryoko!" He said crossly. But he could not 
stay very angry with her. It was kind of funny.
Mihoshi still wasn't positive if there was a monster or not. "Y-you mean there 
is no monster?"
Kiyone rolled her eyes. "No, there isn't, Mihoshi"
Ayeka was shaking with anger and she could barely speak without yelling. "Ryoko, 
if you even do so much as think about doing such a thing again, I will 
personally let you know how greatly I dislike being deceived."
Ryoko wasn't paying attention. She was to busy trying to stop laughing at the 
entire predicament.
Washu just smiled at the whole thing. Ryoko could cause trouble with her 
mischief, but she never really meant any harm.
Sasami was the first one to bring up the subject of what happened to the arch 
after Ryoko's ruse. 
"Does anyone have the slightest idea of what destroyed the arch?"
Ayeka glared at Ryoko. "I think I do." She crossed her arms. "That devil woman 
over there is the one who smashed it."
Ryoko gave her a wicked grin. "What makes you think I would do that?" She said, 
while bringing her hands to her hips.
"Well, for one thing, you are always doing your dirty tricks on people."
"Dirty tricks! You call that dirty?" Ryoko was surprised at what Ayeka called a 
'dirty trick'.
"Yes I do! You nearly scared us out of our wits!"
"Ha ha! I'll say."
"Oooooh! You are a demon!"
"Tsk! Ah ah ah!" Ryoko scolded, waving her finger. "The name is demoness. I'm a 
woman, remember?"
Tenchi knew there was no stopping them now.
"Woman? Hardly!"
Ryoko looked at herself, then at Ayeka. "Are you implying something?"
"Hmmmm. It does sound that way doesn't it?"
"You better take that back princess, or you'll be in for it!"
"No way! After what you did to me, the princess of Jurai, next in line to the 
throne?"
"That's it you old maid!"
"OLD MAID!" Ayeka screamed, rage taking over her body.
Before Ayeka could attack, Ryoko gathered energy in her hand and shot it at her. 
Ayeka put up her force field to block the shot.
Each person in the room took cover. Tenchi peaked out from under the table.
"Come on, guys."
"GUY!" Ryoko roared, dodging one of Ayeka's bolts.
"Wait! I wasn't saying that you were Ryoko!" 
A blast of energy made a hole in the floor right in front of Tenchi's face. 
Tenchi backed up right away, grabbing a pillow near the table. Tenchi hid behind 
it, knowing the pillow wouldn't really give him any protection.
"Stay out of this Tenchi!" Ryoko yelled.
Another attack from Ayeka whizzed by Ryoko.
"Take that, demon!" Screamed Ayeka, shooting of more of her bolts.
Ryoko hid behind the kitchen wall, gathering up energy in her hand. She peaked 
around the corner and shot directly at Ayeka's feet, blasting her to the floor.
Ayeka looked dazed and tired, contrary to Ryoko, who was just warming up.
"Getting tired, Ayeka?"
Ryoko came from behind the wall and formed energy in her palms. She pressed her 
palms together and made a beam sword, which Ryoko held ready, incase Ayeka was 
to strike again.
Yosho stepped in between the girls. This was getting out of control.
"Listen here! You have no good reason to be fighting each other. Therefore, you 
should stop immediately. You both know that you could easily injure or even kill 
the other person."
Tenchi's Grandfather faced Ryoko.
"I am mainly speaking to you, Ryoko. Your powers are greater than all of ours 
are, and sometimes you get out of hand."
Ryoko gave him an angry face. "Out of hand? I don't get out of hand!"
Ayeka giggled. "Who's losing her temper?"
The demoness whirled around and raised her sword. She slashed at Ayeka's arm, 
cutting the fabric, but left the princess unharmed. The severed sleeve fell to 
the floor.
Ayeka just stared at the now ruined dress, one sleeve on the ground. She picked 
up the sliced piece of cloth and then threw it to the kitchen floor. Without 
saying a word, she left the triumphant Ryoko and headed upstairs.
Tenchi confronted Ryoko. "Uhhh, was that was necessary?"
"Are you siding with that stuck up princess, Tenchi?" Ryoko had jealousy in 
eyes.
"You...uhhh...I...ummm.... Tenchi stammered.
Washu walked over to Ryoko and put a hand on her shoulder.
"Why don't we leave it as 'you won' and not involve Tenchi in this matter."
Ryoko jerked away and opened her mouth to say something, but nothing came out. 
She then teleported away.
"Phew! I am glad that is over with." A relieved Tenchi said.
A sudden pain reminded him of the baths and how good they would feel.
After Sasami assured him that she could clean the mess herself, Tenchi trudged 
off, leaving the others.

"Ahhhhh. That feels good." Tenchi said, sliding into the water. He reached for 
his iced drink and took a big gulp. Tenchi was finally able to relax.
It had been a big day for him, lifting wood, avoiding the girls, being scared 
out of his socks, and trying to stop Ryoko and Ayeka from fighting.
Tenchi slid farther down into the hot water.
A call alerted him of someone approaching the baths, and he knew whom.
"Oh Tenchi!"
Ryoko peaked in through the door and saw Tenchi sink down into the water until 
only his head was visible.
"Ryoko, what are you doing here? This isn't the woman's baths." He said, 
fretfully scratching his neck.
Ryoko had a grin on her face. "I know that, Tenchi. You have a towel on, right?"
"Yah, of course. But...."
"Well then, why can't I come inside?"
"Uh, because this is the men's bath?"
Ryoko walked in, dressed in her pajamas and robe.
Tenchi's eyes were big, not expecting her to actually come in. He chose to keep 
his mouth shut. Tenchi had been through enough experience with Ryoko to know 
that once she made up her mind, it was hard to change it. 
Ryoko sat down at the edge of the bath wall and dipped her feet in the water. It 
felt good on her cold toes. The steam rose from the bath and swirled around 
Ryoko's legs, giving her goose bumps from the sudden warmth.
"Mmm, this does feel good, Tenchi."
Ryoko kicked her feet, splashing Tenchi in the face.
"Hey! Stop that!" Tenchi laughed.
"What? You are already wet. Why does it matter if a few drops of water splash on 
your face?"
"Few drops of water? I just got hit with a lot more than a few drops of water, 
and you know it!"
Ryoko gave Tenchi her evil smile. Tenchi knew he was in for it now.
Ryoko began furiously kicking her legs, water coming over Tenchi in waves and 
spray.
"Ryoko!" Tenchi shouted, covering his face with his arms. He hunched over and 
tried to shield himself better, but to no avail.
Ryoko ceased, and looked at Tenchi. She struggled to keep from laughing.
Tenchi was soaked. His hair was flattened on his head and droplets of water came 
down from his chin. Tenchi and Ryoko both burst into laughter, tears streaming 
down Tenchi's face from laughing so hard.
Ryoko composed herself and looked up at the stars in the sky. Tenchi wiped his 
eyes and gazed at what sat before him. Before he could say a thing, Ayeka burst 
into the men's bath, infuriated.
"Ryoko! I know you're in here!"
Ayeka first saw Tenchi, soaked to death and looking rather sheepish for being 
found with Ryoko. Then, Ayeka saw Ryoko, not paying the least amount of 
attention to her.
"Why is she in here, Tenchi! Is it all right for Ryoko to come in, but not me?" 
She growled.
"Uhhhh...no...I mean....um...."
"Ryoko, I demand you to leave at once!" Ayeka ordered.
"Why are you in here Ayeka? If you can stay, so can I." Ryoko retorted.
"Oh no you don't! I am not leaving until you do vixen."
Tenchi crept out of the bath and snuck out, while the two women argued.
"Vixen. Hmmm." Ryoko pondered at the word. "I kind of like that name."
"Ryoko, you're impossible!" Ayeka shrieked, turning her back on Ryoko, refusing 
to move until she did.
"Humph!" Ryoko did the same.
After a minute or so, Ryoko look toward the water, expecting Tenchi to be there.
"Tenchi?"
Ryoko slowly walked over to Ayeka, who had not noticed Tenchi's absence.
"Princess, I think there is something you would like to know."
"Like what, Ryoko?" Ayeka said, betting that what Ryoko was about to say, was of 
little importance.
"You know that attractive boy named Tenchi?"
"Of course! Who do you think that is?" She pointed to where Tenchi was supposed 
to be.
"He isn't there anymore." Ryoko finished.
"Don't you think I can see that, Ryoko?"
Ayeka looked irritated, and started for the door.
"Lord Tenchi, where are you?" She called.
"I know a better way of finding him." Ryoko mischievously said.
"Well?" Ayeka was impatiently waiting.
"This." The demoness whispered, vanishing into the air.
"Ooooooh! Not fair Ryoko!" 
Ayeka stormed out of the baths, hoping Ryoko hadn't found where Tenchi went off.


Morning came and Tenchi awoke, refreshed and ready for the day to start. He took 
a shower and went down the stairs tow at a time. The 17-year-old felt ready for 
anything.
Sasami was busy in the kitchen, baking muffins and washing carrots for Ryo-ohki. 
Ryo-ohki meowed and paced, waiting for her carrot breakfast.
"All right, Ryo-ohki!" Sasami tittered. "I'll get your breakfast first. Just let 
me finish washing it, ok?"
"Meow meow!"
Ryo-ohki jumped on Sasami's shoulder and watched, anticipating the moment 
Ayeka's little sister was done.
Sasami placed a big bowl of carrots on the floor for the cabbit.
"Here you go!"
Ryo-ohki picked up one of the vegetables and started chewing on it. Sasami 
stepped over the dinning cabbit and continued breakfast.
Tenchi walked in moments later and could smell the muffins that were just pulled 
from the oven. He took a muffin from the plate, tossing it back and forth 
because of its temperature. Tenchi managed to take a bite.
"Hey, these sure are tasty! What flavor?"
"Carrot. I picked to many carrots for Ryo-ohki, so I used the rest to make 
muffins."
Tenchi grabbed the coffeepot and poured the hot liquid into his mug. He noticed 
one of Ryoko's bottles of sake sitting on the counter. It was open, but Tenchi 
assumed Ryoko had drank some last night and thought nothing more of the subject.
Ayeka came inside and put her empty cup in the sink. Ayeka believed getting an 
early start was healthy, so she got up at sunrise each morning.
"I hope you are well rested, Lord Tenchi."
"Thanks, I slept very well."
Ayeka beckoned Tenchi to come into the living room with her. Tenchi did and he 
sat down on a chair. No one else was in the room but them.
Ayeka cleared her throat. "Tenchi, can you make me a promise?"
"What kind of promise are you talking about?"

Unknown to them, Ryoko was within listening range. She had opened the bottle of 
sake, but left it there when she heard Tenchi coming down the stairs. She had 
planed to surprise him by waiting around the corner, except that Tenchi never 
did come her direction.
Ryoko poured the drink into a cup and was about to drink it when she heard the 
word 'promise'. She stopped and listened intently.
"You and Ryoko, you have fun together right?" Ayeka asked.
"Yes, I suppose so." Tenchi thought a little. "Most of the time."
"You go out with her too, correct?
Tenchi looked completely lost.
"Ayeka, what are you getting at?"
"What I am saying is that you seem to enjoy Ryoko's company more than mine."
Ayeka gazed into Tenchi's eyes. Tenchi became uneasy and looked down at the 
floor, avoiding eye contact. He knew he went out with Ayeka before and enjoyed 
his time. Nevertheless, Ryoko conquered again, taking him out more than the 
princess. You could pretty much just call it war between those two females.
"Ayeka, Ryoko is...well...I don't know. Pushy? If you know what I mean. A lot of 
the times, I had to go whether I wanted to or not."
"True, but you never even asked me out before."
Tenchi fiddled with his hands. "I don't think I ever asked anyone out before."
"Lord Tenchi, promise me you wont date Ryoko anymore." 
Tenchi's mouth dropped. How could he possible do that? Ryoko would eventually 
take him by force, and there was no stopping her from doing such a thing. Ayeka 
needed to ask Ryoko, not him.
Ryoko's ear was pressed against the wall, picking up every sound. She was very 
fidgety in the other room, thinking about what was said.
"Tenchi wouldn't make a vow like that, would he?"
She thought about it and shook her head. Even if Tenchi agreed, that 
hypocritical princess would end up breaking her side of the promise.

Tenchi started playing with the lock of hair on the back of his head. What 
should he say?
"Tenchi, I am growing impatient with you. Why don't you answer me? We are both 
from the same line of family, having royal blood, which would make it natural 
for us to be together."
Tenchi sighed, knowing the only fair answer.
"Ayeka, I can't make this oath to you. Even if Ryoko had asked me, I would be 
forced to say the same answer. It isn't fair to me, and it isn't fair to anyone 
else."
Ayeka stood up, looking dejected.
"I understand." She said, almost inaudibly.
Ayeka gave Tenchi one last look and then left the room.
Tenchi stared at the wall for a moment.
"Great, now look what I did."

Ryoko was overjoyed. Tenchi had refused! She clasped her hands together in 
happiness. As she did so, Ayeka walked by quickly. Ryoko took a double take.
"Was it just me, or was Ayeka crying?"
Ayeka had been raised proper and so lived that way, eating right, speaking 
properly and controlling her emotions. Though she did a poor job keeping her 
anger restrained.
Ryoko was so deep in thought; she didn't even notice Washu come in the room.
Washu touched Ryoko's shoulder, making the woman jump.
"Calm down, Ryoko. It's only me, the greatest scientific genius."
Ryoko still appeared tense. "Next time, say something before you lay a finger on 
me."
"I generally do. However, your mouth was hanging open, so I forgot my custom."
Now self-conscious, Ryoko shut her mouth tightly.
Washu eyed Ryoko with curious eyes. "Is something the matter?"
"No." Ryoko mumbled, flying up and over the stairs.
Washu did not believe her answer. She felt something was bothering Ryoko, but 
the demoness just wanted to be left alone.
Ayeka threw herself on the bed, tears steaming down her cheek. She knew the 
question she had asked Tenchi was unfair, but she thought he might at least 
compromise. 
A soft knock on the door made Ayeka look up. She wiped the tears from her face 
and hurriedly went to the door and opened it, thinking it was Tenchi.
Ryoko strode in and sat sown on Ayeka's bed motioning for Ayeka to close the 
door and then sit down. Ayeka did so with a puzzled look.
"Ryoko, what do you want?"
"Well, first, I would like to admit I listened to your conversation with 
Tenchi."
Ayeka put her hands to her hips.
"And who, may I ask, gave you permission to eavesdrop?"
"No one."
"Then why did you do it?"
"Because I wanted to hear what Tenchi said to you."
With those words still lingering in the air, Ayeka covered her face from Ryoko 
and softly cried into them.
To Ayeka's surprise, the so-called demoness put her hand on the weeping 
princess's shoulder.
"To tell you the truth, Ayeka, I was happy with Tenchi's answer. Even though 
Tenchi didn't really pick whom he preferred, I felt like I was winning the 
battle."
Ayeka began to sob, her hands becoming wet with tears.
"When I saw you rush by, I changed my mind at that very moment."
"What do you mean?" Ayeka said between tears.
"I mean that Tenchi cares a great deal about you."
It was hard for Ryoko to get those words out, but she managed. She knew that the 
only way Tenchi was able to say his words to Ayeka, was out of love.
"Ryoko, you know he likes you better!"
Ryoko took her arm off Ayeka's shoulder. "Do you remember the time you went up 
to a cabin in the mountains? Only you, Tenchi and Ryo-ohki? Oh, I wouldn't count 
my little cabbit friend as being there."
Ayeka nodded, remembering the good time she had with Tenchi. The thing she 
didn't understand was why Ryoko was being so caring. The only conversations 
they've had almost always ended in a fight.
"Ryoko, I...I was wondering why you are being so kind to me right now."
Ryoko stood up. This was when she made her exit, for she was expecting the 
question. Ryoko swung open the door and left Ayeka sitting on the bed, more 
bewildered now, than before Ryoko came.

Tenchi was still sitting on the chair downstairs. His thoughts were of 
confusion, swirling around in his head. . What he knew to be true had been 
shattered into pieces. It hit him harder than any burden ever did before. His 
heart was crying out, reaching for something it couldn't grasp.
Tenchi put both hands on his head and moaned loud enough for someone in another 
room to hear.
Someone indeed did hear his wail. It was his Grandfather, old and wise. He 
stepped over to his grandson, who had his head down on his legs.
"Tenchi, what ails you?"
Tenchi did not lift his head. He was not sure if he wanted to tell his 
Grandfather about what happened.
"I need to tell somebody." He thought. "Who? Who could understand my problems?" 
Tenchi's mother, Archika, appeared in his mind. He never really knew her, for 
she was gone from his life when Tenchi was only a babe. He did know, from what 
his father told him, Archika was caring and full of love. She almost knew what 
you were feeling just by looking at you.
"Are you going to speak my boy?"
Tenchi lifted his head and tried to disguise his true feelings.
"Grandfather, I don't know where to start."
"Then don't. I can see you don't really want to tell me. I just wanted to know 
if there is a way that I could help you mend."
"The only way you could help is to change the past."
Yosho shook his head. Tenchi still had some training to be done. "Tenchi, would 
you really like to do that? Is that what you want, a change in the past?"
"Well, yah."
"Do you want me to ask Washu to create a time portal? She could very well create 
another."
Tenchi was about to say yes, but held back. He now understood what his 
Grandfather was getting at.
He smiled his first smile after the talk with Ayeka. Though his Grandpa did not 
heal his wound, he did help him catch what had passed him by.
Yosho grabbed Tenchi's had and helped him up, pushing him gently, as if saying 
to move on and climb over the obstacle.

Ryoko was watching a samurai show on TV, engulfed in the whole thing. That is, 
until a commercial came on about mountain real estate, speaking particularly 
about log cabins. 
Tenchi! How could she ever forget him? What was he thinking about the occurrence 
of the morning? Was he even here?
Ryoko got up from the couch and started searching the house for him, a thousand 
questions raced through her mind.
At last, Tenchi's form caught her eye. He was outside, sitting on the front 
steps.
Tenchi's eyes were fixed on a cherry tree, in the yard, full of pink blossoms. 
His heart still ached, but he felt a great deal better.
As he gazed, a form materialized in front of him. He instantly recognized who it 
was.
"Tenchi." Ryoko spoke affectionately. She saw that he was all right, and let out 
a silent sigh of relief. 
Ryoko held a basket of apples in her hand and had changed into her blue jumper 
with the yellow stripes. The belt swayed back and forth, like a cat's tail.
Tenchi's eyes had sadness in them, but Ryoko brightened them up a bit. He smiled 
when Ryoko dropped an apple into his hand and sat down next to him on the steps. 
She leaned against the wall.
"Tenchi, I know what happened this morning. I listened to everything in the 
kitchen. I'm sorry if that angers you."
Tenchi was uneasy now. If Ryoko had heard, would she take advantage of it or....
Tenchi moved his eyes back over to the cherry tree, only to find himself looking 
at a flowing dress. He glanced up and saw a gently smiling Ayeka.
Ayeka also sat down and caught an apple thrown by Ryoko.
Tenchi glared at the two, expecting a fight, but none happened. 
"So they've made a truce. For now." He thought.
Tenchi decided not to worry about future arguments between the two girls. He 
must enjoy it while it lasts.
Tenchi bit into the apple. It tasted sweet and juicy. Some of the juice dripped 
near Ryoko's hand. Ryoko moved her hand slightly and finished off her fruit. She 
started on another, while Ayeka's apple was still in her hands, untouched.
"Tenchi, I am sorry for asking such a selfish question. I don't know what came 
over me."
"That's ok, Ayeka."
Ryoko, who had eaten her second apple, tossed the core at Tenchi. It hit him 
hard on his ear.
"Ow!" Tenchi exclaimed. "What was that for?"
Ryoko wore her evil smile once more.
"Nothing."
Ayeka felt sorry for Tenchi at first, but then saw his face. There was now 
amusement in his eyes, not pain, as of before.
Instead of joining Ryoko and picking on Tenchi, Ayeka had other plans. She 
banged the apple against a step, splitting it in two.
Both Tenchi and Ryoko looked at Ayeka. Something was different about her. Ryoko 
was just about to find out what.
Ayeka took one of the halves in her hand and threw it fiercely at the wall Ryoko 
was leaning alongside. The apple splattered all over the wall and the demoness. 
Ryoko wore a scorn at first, but it faded. Ayeka had finally gotten even with 
her.
Ayeka was giggling at the sight of Ryoko covered in apple pieces. She was happy 
she had been able to get back at Ryoko and also glad Tenchi had waved the words 
said to him at daybreak.
Ryoko brushed off what she could of the gunk. Tenchi stood up and moved out of 
the way, for squashed fruit particles were flying everywhere.
They all heard a voice beckoning them. 
"Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka!" Sasami called from the dinning room. "Are you coming in 
for lunch or not?"
Tenchi turned and started for the door, pausing when he felt two pairs of eyes 
on him. He faced them and bowed.
"Ladies first, of course."
Both girls got up and went to the door. The young man opened it for them and 
they went in together.
As they walked to the dinning area, Ryoko saw, from the corner of her eye, 
Ayeka's hand clasp onto Tenchi's. It was too much for Ryoko liking. The truce 
was broken.
She slowed her pace and put her foot on Ayeka's dress, causing the princess to 
fall to the ground.
Ryoko ran over to Tenchi and grabbed him under her arms. She sprinted for the 
kitchen, Ayeka close behind, seeking revenge.
Ryoko laughed maliciously as she lifted of the ground, flying to the table. She 
seized a salted fish and then continued on towards the stairway, eating the 
morsel of food.
Ayeka was yelling at the top of her voice.
"Ryoko! Put Lord Tenchi down this instant!"
"You have to catch me first!" Ryoko hollered back, a sneer on her face.
Tenchi looked pitiful, being carried off by Ryoko.
"So much for the truce."



Like it? Comments welcome, but absouluty no promise for a reply. I will try to 
answer back any quetions that I can.
E-mail me at: Fuzzycreatures@Juno.com
Why fuzzycreatures? Because Ryo-ohki is a fuzzy creature and so are many other 
anime characters, so just stay quiet about the name.
