Tenchi 2000
A New Tenchiverse
Created by Jacob McDonald
Episode Three: No need for Revelations
Disclaimer: Pioneer and AIC own all of Tenchidom forever more! May we
Fanfiction
Authors never say that we made up Tenchi or it’s cast! Sure we can say
that we made up
the stories we write, but we’re using someone else ideas to do so. That’s
what this
disclaimer is for.
Authors Notes: Read parts one and two if you haven’t already. That’s it
for now.

        “Yes little Washu,” Kagato said with an evil laugh, “I’ve come to
claim
that which
is mine. Hand it over now!” he scowled and stepped forward.
        Ryoko suddenly appeared in front of him with a light sword in her
hand,
“Ah ha!”
she yelled and slashed at him.
        Kagato simply caught her arm and whipped her around like a rag doll.
He
threw
her into the wall, which she hit, then fell to the floor. Hiro jumped up
and ran over to her
to see if she was hurt.
        “Washu, I don’t have all day, so I’ll just do this the easy way...”
Kagato massaged
his temples. He reached out with one hand and plucked Washu up by her
shirt front. He
smiled at her as they disappeared in a flash of light.
        Ryoko groaned from the floor and sat up.
        “Are you okay?” Hiro asked her.
        “I’m fine. Where’d he go?” she floated up off the ground.
        “They seem to have gone.” Katsuhito said as he stood. He hadn’t
moved
the entire
confrontation, “Let us see what we can do.” he walked out of the shrine.
        “Grandfather!” Tenchi called as he ran out after the old man, “What
do
you
mean?” Hiro walked out after him and Ryoko floated behind him.
        “Well now,” the Shinto priest said as they all stood looking up in
the
sky on the
steps of the shrine, “you don’t see that every day...”
        A huge Jurian tree ship loomed over them, and a female voice spoke
out
of it,
“You are all to be detained for trial on Juri, by order of the Prince
Kagato!” it said. they
were all suddenly engulfed in a blue light, and then they found
themselves in a holding
area, made from tree branches.
        “What the hell just happened?” Hiro asked as he fell over. He felt
kind
of
disoriented.
        “I don’t know, but I’m getting out of here!” Ryoko flew over to the
branch bars
and tried to go through. She received an electrical shock for her attempt
and was flung
back into Tenchi, who caught her.
        “Are you alright?” he asked her in a worried tone.
        “Yeah...” she muttered as she looked into his eyes, “I’m fine...”
        “Ahem.” the turned to see Hiro and Katsuhito standing there. They
separated
quickly and both turned a little red.
        “Well, it seems as if we’re prisoners now...” Katsuhito said in a
calm
and rational
voice.
        “My prisoners.” the same female voice that had spoken to them
earlier
said. They
looked and saw a young woman with violet hair walking over to the cage.
Her eyes were a
pink, almost ruby shade, and she carried herself with an air of dignity.
A crown adorned
her head.
        “And to what do we owe the great pleasure of being held captive by
the
Crown
Princess Ayeka?” Ryoko sneered.
        “Ryoko!” Ayeka screamed upon seeing who was addressing her.
        “It’s been a while, Princess.”
        “Not long enough, you fiendish criminal!” Ayeka seemed very angry.
        “You two know each other?” Hiro asked.
        “Like Mom said,” Ryoko turned to him, “I grew up playing with the
Emperor’s
kids, and Ayeka is actually the closest to my age...”
        “Only I turned out as a Princess as I should have, and she became a
space pirate
and plundered the galaxy!” Ayeka yelled at her.
        “Hey, it’s better then being sent all over the universe hoping to
find a
husband!”
Ryoko shot back.
        “Shut up or I’ll have you shut up!” Ayeka screamed as two large log
like
things
appeared next to her.
        Ryoko looked at the guardians with a bit of apprehension, but
sneered at
the
princess any way, “Why are you holding us captive Ayeka?”
        “I’m holding you because you are a known criminal!”
        “Who cares about me?” Ryoko said waving a hand at the rest of the
group,
“What
about them?”
        “My brother said they were criminals and needed to be brought back
to
Juri for
sentencing.”
        “And you believed him? Ayeka, do you even know what he’s been doing
for
the
past few years?” Ryoko looked at her like she was a moron.
        “I don’t care what he’s been doing. I just want to get rid of you
and
get on with
my life!” Ayeka turned and stormed away.
        “Wait!” Tenchi called after her. She turned and saw him, and stopped
suddenly.
She looked a bit closer.
        “What is it?” Tenchi asked, suddenly quite aware that she was
staring at
him.
        “Nothing... you just remind me of someone I knew a long time ago...”
Ayeka
shook her head to clear it, “Now what do you want?”
        “Kagato is trying to kill us because he wants this!” Tenchi held out
the
sword.
        “That’s my Father’s!” Ayeka said, grabbing it out of his hand, “This
must be why
Kagato wanted me to capture you! You stole this from my Father and he’s
getting it
back!”
        “No! That’s not it!” Tenchi started but a wave of energy knocked him
back and
out cold.
        “Tenchi!” Ryoko looked down at him with worry on her face, but that
melted to
rage in a matter of seconds. She whirled on the princess, “Why’d you do
that?”
        “No one calls me a liar!” Ayeka yelled back, “Now all of you be
quiet
and peaceful
and no one else will get hurt.” she walked away, leaving Ryoko seething
with anger.
        “Don’t worry, Ryoko.” Katsuhito said, putting a hand on her
shoulder,
“We will
find a way out of this mess.”
        She turned and looked at him as he sat on the ground and started
meditating. She
looked over to where Hiro was trying to wake Tenchi up and sighed.
        “Yeah, right.” she said, and floated to the ground.

        “Where is it!” Kagato bellowed at Washu as he shocked her with the
Juri
power
yet again. She screamed in pain and pulled at her restraints, but to no
avail. She landed
against the wall again and panted.
        “I will never tell you...” she said with determination still in her
voice.
        A control window popped up next to Kagato, “Brother!” Ayeka called.
        “Yes Ayeka?” he asked turning to the window.
        “Is this what you’re looking for?” she asked, holding up the sword.
        “Yes! That is it! Stay where you are, I’m coming for it and the rest
of
the prisoners
right now!” he threw an evil grin at Washu.
        “You have poor Ayeka in on it now too?” Washu screamed as loud as
she
could,
“Ayeka! Don’t trust him! He’s-” he threw a blast of energy at her and she
was smashed
against the wall. She lay limp in her chains.
        “What was that?” Ayeka asked, worry evident in her voice.
        “Just the other prisoner. She wouldn’t shut up, so I had to use
force.”
        “Oh, okay... I’ll see you in an hour then.”
        “One hour.” Kagato smiled at her in a big brother kind of way. The
window
vanished and he lost his smile, “And in one hour, dear Sister, I will
remove you from the
line of succession as well....” he laughed evilly as he walked back to
his ships bridge.


        Ayeka closed the com window and sat back in her chair on the bridge
of
her ship.
That had sounded like Miss Washu. Why would Kagato be calling her a
criminal?
        Suddenly, Ryoko’s evolvement didn’t seem so random. And the sword...
was
Kagato using her? She would have to talk to the boy she had blasted. He
seemed to know
what was going on.
        “Azaka! Kamidake!” she called. The two guardian logs appeared before
her.
        “Yes ma’am?” they asked in unison.
        “Go and retrieve the boy who had the sword. I wish to question him.”
        “Right away, Princess Ayeka.” Kamidake said, and they floated off.

        Tenchi woke up in a soft bed with fluffy pillows all around him. His
head still hurt
from being blasted, but he managed to sit up and look around. The room
wasn’t anything
like a prison cell or that strange cage he had been in with the others.
It was more like a
state room for a dignitary...
        The door opened suddenly and he flopped back down to avoid
detection. He
thought how stupid it was to try and hide in a bed that someone had
obviously moved him
to however, so he sat back up. He saw the princess girl blinking at him
in a rather
confused way.
        “Are you going to sit up or lay down?” she asked.
        “I’ll... uh... sit up....?” Tenchi didn’t know what to say to her.
He
noticed now how
lovely she was when she wasn’t interrogating prisoners.
        “Just as well,” she said, gracefully walking in and sitting down in
a
chair next to
the bed, “I want to ask you a few questions.”
        “Like what?” Tenchi asked, settling into a sitting position on the
bed
and facing
her.
        “Well, to start, where did you get this sword from?” she held it up
so
he could see
it.
        “Washu gave it to me...” Tenchi said, looking down at the bed, “I
hope
she’s
okay...”
        “So it was Washu then that my brother has...” Ayeka seemed worried
now,
“Tell
me... Tenchi, right?” he nodded and she went on, “Why did Miss Washu give
you this
sword?”
        “She told me that it was a Jurian artifact, and that it could only
be
used by a Jurian
noble. It bonded to me, so she assumed that I was a Jurian noble and that
I could keep it
safe from Kagato, who wants it to kill the Emperor and rule the
Empire...” Tenchi looked
on as Ayeka’s face took on an expression of pure terror, “Is something
the matter? I
didn’t mean to speak badly of your brother! Please don’t blast me again!”
Tenchi jumped
back and hid under the covers.
        “No, please,” Ayeka pulled the covers off of him and yanked him out
of
the bed,
“You must tell all of this to my Father... come with me, and hurry!”
        Ayeka pulled Tenchi out of the room and they ran to the bridge of
the
ship, where
she called up a communications window and asked for a link to the Emperor
of Juri.
        A few minutes passed while the link was set up and then an image of
a
strong
looking man popped up onto the screen and smiled warmly at Ayeka, “How
are you doing
my dear?” he asked in a fatherly tone.
        “Father, can you tell me what my brother is doing?” she demanded.
        “You mean Kagato?” his face suddenly grew grim, “Stay away from him
Ayeka,
he’s dangerous. We must keep the Tenchi-Ken away from him at all costs.
I’ll assume that
you found Miss Washu then?”
        “No Father, Kagato has her...” the Emperor’s face fell. Ayeka
reached
over and
dragged Tenchi in front of her, “But this is Tenchi, and he and some of
his friends are
helping Miss Washu. He has something to tell you...”
        So Tenchi told the whole story again. The Emperor looked thoughtful
as
Tenchi
finished his story, then spoke, almost to himself, “I wonder then if
Yosho...”
        “Father, what about Yosho?” Ayeka asked.
        “Nothing Dear... now where is the Tenchi-Ken?” Ayeka held it up,
“Good,
now
give it to Tenchi. He is it’s owner now.” Ayeka handed the sword to
Tenchi.
        “What should I do with it Sir?” Tenchi asked with a gulp.
        “You must face Kagato...”
        Tenchi gulped again.

         Tenchi walked over to where Ayeka sat, staring down into the stream
that ran
through the large garden inside her ship. She seemed to be lost in
thought, and she had
been distracted by something ever since they had talked with her father.
        “Lady Ayeka?” Tenchi asked as he sat down next to her.
        “Yes? What is it?” Ayeka looked up at him with a sad expression on
her
face.
        “Is there something troubling you about Kagato’s betrayal? Any thing
I
can help
with?”
        Ayeka smiled sadly, “Well, naturally I’m a little upset that a
brother
that I loved as
a close family member could do something so evil, but that’s not what’s
been bothering
me. Tell me Tenchi, does the name Yosho mean anything to you?”
        Tenchi thought for a moment, “The name comes up in an ancient legend
from the
shrine that my Grandfather keeps. He was a warrior of some skill that
help found the
shrine hundreds of years ago...”
        “So he is no longer alive then?” Ayeka asked.
        “No, he would have died like any normal human. Why?”
        “You remember my Father saying something about Yosho when we were
talking
to him?”
        “Hey, yeah... do you think maybe he was the one who came to Earth
and
started
my family line?”
        “Yes I do... he was my other brother...”
        Tenchi’s eyes went wide, “Then we’re distentently related...” he
smiled,
“Nice to
know I have family in high places...”
        “Yes...” Ayeka looked into his eyes. They looked so much like
Yosho’s
that she
didn’t see how she could have missed it before. But they were brown.
Yosho had...
        “Tenchi...” they looked up to see Katsuhito standing there, “It’s
time
for your
lesson. If you’re going to be doing battle with a dangerous swordsman,
I’d like you to be
in top form.”
        Ayeka absently glanced at the old man’s eyes, since she was thinking
about the
color of her brother’s eyes. She froze. They were violet...
        “Just like Yosho’s...” she whispered.
        Tenchi had been standing up, and turned to her, “What was that, Lady
Ayeka?”
        “Nothing...” she said with a smile, “Kagato is indeed a strong
fighter,
so you must
go now. He’ll be here in less then an hour.”
        “Sure... I’ll see you later then.” Tenchi smiled back.
        Ayeka watched them walk off then turned back to stare into the
stream
again. She
saw her reflection and the face of a blue haired woman floating over her.

        “Ryoko!” she screeched, batting the floating woman away from her,
“Don’t
sneak
up on me like that!”
        “Hehe...” Ryoko chuckled, “Still can’t take a joke, huh Princess?”
        “You are so impossible!”
        Ryoko grinned and floated down to a sitting position next to her,
“Tenchi’s quite a
brave young man, don’t you think?”
        “Yes, to take on my Brother her must be brave... or stupid.”
        “He’s not stupid. Kinda’ cute too if you ask me...”
        “Yes...” Ayeka stared off into space for a moment before thinking
about
what she
had said, “Not that I was looking for that sort of thing in him... I have
to find a suitable
husband when this is all over, and I don’t think Father would approve of
him...”
        “So you don’t like him?” Ryoko asked.
        “I didn’t say that,” Ayeka snapped back, “I just said I don’t think
I
should peruse
him...” her eyes went blank for a moment as she thought about something.
        Ryoko smiled, “Good, all the better for me then...”
        “What?” Ayeka spun on her and growled, “What do you mean by that?”
        “Well, you said you weren’t interested in going after him, so why
should
I not?”
        “You... you.... monster!” Ayeka grabbed for the space pirate, but
Ryoko
teleported up above her and out of her reach.
        “Can’t catch me!” Ryoko laughed.
        Ayeka jumped up and lunged for her again, but Ryoko darted out of
the
way. The
princess fell forward and stumbled towards the stream. She closed her
eyes as she fell,
expecting to be soaking wet in a matter of seconds, but strong arms
caught her and held
her up. She regained her balance and opened her eyes. It was the other
young man that
had been with Tenchi.
        “Are you okay?” he asked her.
        “Yes I am... I’m sorry, what was your name?”
        “Hiro.” he said with a smile.
        “Yes, that’s it. Thank you Hiro...” she stared into his eyes now and
saw
that they
were gentle and kind. Why had all these young men come into her life
right when she
couldn’t be with them? This one seemed to be kind and good looking too,
just like Tenchi.
Ayeka sighed.
        “So if you want him, then I can have Tenchi right?” Ryoko asked.
        Ayeak released she was still in Hiro’s arms and stood up and away
from
him. She
turned a bright shade of red and smoothed her robes, “Did you want to ask
a question of
some sort Hiro?” she asked him.
        “Well yes I did...” he shot a look of annoyance at Ryoko, who just
grinned, “In all
this worry about Tenchi fighting Kagato, everyone seems to have forgotten
about
Washu...”
        “Let her sit there in her cell...” Ryoko said, “She’s been through
worse
then
that...”
        “I think we should go after her while Tenchi is fighting Kagato.”
Hiro
said,
“Ryoko and myself. You should stay here with Tenchi, and Katsuhito should
also stay in
case Tenchi needs some help.”
        “I can arrange for you two to be beamed over to Kagato’s ship while
Tenchi is
fighting him. You’ll have to act quickly though, I don’t know how long
Tenchi will last
against my Brother.”
        “What does that mean?” Ryoko asked, floating over to them.
        “That Kagato will beat him in under two minutes easily, and that’s
if he
plays
around for a while. My Brother is the best swordsman in the Universe, and
there’s no way
a young Earth boy could beat him.”
        “So how do you plan on beating Kagato?” Hiro gulped.
        “I don’t know yet...” Ayeka said quietly.
        One of the log guardians dropped out of the sky and floated down
next to
them,
“Lady Ayeka?” it asked.
        “Yes Kamidake?” she turned to it.
        “Kagato’s ship has just dropped out of sub space travel. He will be
here
in ten
minutes.”
        Hiro looked at Ryoko, who for once looked grim. Ayeka’s face fell.
        “We’ll just have to hope for a miracle now...” she said sadly.
