        Deep in the woods surrounding the Masaki shrine, there is a path of
stone steps
that leads from the shrine it’s self, down to the lake not far away. A
side path from there
leads to the great Wishing Tree where countless people had come and hung
their wishes
from it’s branches, hoping for them to be granted by the Kami.
        On one particular bright sunny day in these woods, in front of the
Wishing Tree
(called Fanaho by the Shinto priest who lived at the Masaki shrine) sat a
young man. He
was a fairly handsome teenager, with dark hair and eyes. His tanned skin
showed that he
spent a great deal of time out of doors, and his slightly muscular build
showed that he
practiced some sort of physical activity on a regular basis.
        The young man sat at the foot of the tree on the small island it
stood
on in the
middle of a pond. His eyes were closed and he smiled as the sun light
filtered through the
tree branches and played upon his face and body. The gentle hum of the
insects and the
slight breeze made for a very relaxing afternoon.
        It was on this breeze that flirted with the young man’s hair that he
heard the
familiar voice of his grandfather, the Shinto priest.
        “Tenchi!” his grandfather called, “Tenchi!”
        That could only mean one thing: it was time for sword practice.
Sighing
as he
stood up, the youth named Tenchi jumped across the skipping stones that
crossed the
pond to the island, and ran up the path to the lake. Pausing to catch his
breath when he
reached the beginning of the long stone pathway that lead to the shrine,
he called out,
        “Coming Grandfather!” then took off at a jog up the steps. It was
several minutes
before he reached the shrine and his waiting grandfather, who held two
wooden practice
swords.
        “It is time for your training, Tenchi.” the old Shinto priest said
to
his grandson.
        “Yes Grandfather...” Tenchi gasped, “Just let me catch my breath and
we
can
start.”
        “Very well.” The priest, who’s name was Katsuhito, turned and walked
to
the
training area behind the shrine. Tenchi joined him after a few seconds.
        “We’ll pick up where we left off yesterday.” Katsuhito said.
        “Okay.” Tenchi replied, and they started to move through the motions
of
a familiar
kata.

        Latter that night, Tenchi sat under the branches of Fanaho again,
this
time gazing
up at the stars through the branches of the tree. They were brilliant
this far from the city
where he lived. He visited the shrine and trained with his grandfather
every summer. He
had for as long as he could remember. It didn’t bother him that he missed
going to the
beach with his friends, or finding a cute girl to hook up with. He
enjoyed his time spent at
the shrine, training and exploring his own personal feeling and thoughts.
It was a great
time for self reflection.
        Then, as he stared at the stars, a breeze rushed by his face.
Something
about it
seemed... wrong. Like there was danger or trouble near by. Glancing down
at the
reflection of the moon in the water, Tenchi saw it ripple, and then grow
still. Suddenly, the
noise of the woods stopped. No insects hummed, and no late night birds
sang their songs.
        Movement to his left made Tenchi jump up and roll away. He grabbed a
rock from
the ground where he had rolled to and held it up, ready to hurl it at
what ever had just
jumped out of the bushes and into the pond. Looking at the possible
threat he dropped his
rock.
        A girl stood in the water up to her waist. She wore a black shirt
with
some sort of
insignia on it. It reminded him of a school uniform for some reason. She
couldn’t have
been more then thirteen or fourteen years old, yet her hair was longer
then any one else
he’d ever seen. And it was red. Very red.
        “Excuse me miss, but are you lost?”
        The girl looked around and waded up to the island. He tan shorts
were
soaked,
and so were her black shoes and socks. She didn’t seem to care though,
and stared
straight at Tenchi with a look of scrutiny on her face.
        It was then that Tenchi noticed the thing in her hand. It looked
like a
sword hilt of
some sort, with no blade. She lifted it up and looked at it.
        “You’re sure he’s the closest one?” she asked it, then as if it had
replied to her, she
shrugged and said, “Okay, whatever.” Walking up to Tenchi she held it out
to him.
        “What’s this?” he asked, reaching out hesitantly and taking the hilt
from the girl.
        “It’s for you to hold on to for now. I’ll be back to tell you about
it
latter.” she said
in a cure voice and smiled a cute smile at him. A sudden low boom sounded
from a few
hundred yards off somewhere, and birds flew up into the night sky. The
girl looked behind
her and gasped, “Damn, they’ve caught up already.”
        Tenchi cried out as she shoved him aside and ran off across the
stones
to the path.
        “Hey wait!” he called out after her.
        She didn’t respond and he was about to go follow her when a dark
form of
immense proportions blotted out the sky. The sudden darkness made Tenchi
stop and look
up at it. He couldn’t tell what it was, but it was huge, and it was
flying.
        A red light welled up on the bottom of the thing suddenly and then a
beam of
energy lanced out in the direction the girl had run. There was an
explosion and a boom,
and splinters of wood and stone flew in Tenchi’s direction.
        Then, just like that, the thing was gone, and he was alone in the
woods
again.
Smoke rose from a crater in the ground he could see a short distance off
down the path.
Gulping, Tenchi looked down at the sword hilt thing in his hand. Whatever
it was, that girl
had just been killed for having it, and now he was holding it. It was
important, he could
tell, but the poor youth had no idea just how important it, or he, truly
was.

Tenchi 2000
A New Tenchiverse
Created by Jacob McDonald
Episode One: No need for Aliens
Disclaimer: Pioneer and AIC own all of Tenchidom forever more! May we
Fanfiction
Authors never say that we made up Tenchi or it’s cast! Sure we can say
that we made up
the stories we write, but we’re using someone else ideas to do so. That’s
what this
disclaimer is for.
Author’s notes: Before you read any more, and get even more confused then
you already
are, let me explain what just happened to poor Tenchi. He’s been thrown
into yet another
weird pervasion of his original reality. That is to say that I was having
a hard time writing
anything that kept the characters of the other Tenchiverses in proper
character. So I told
myself, “Why not just make up a whole new Tenchiverse and you can make
them however
you want them to be!” It also solves the problem of wanting to place the
character of Hiro
(which I created in my first series, Tenchi Muyo! What Happens Next) in
everything I
wrote. I’ll just make him a main character from the start and I wont have
to explain how
he get’s written in! Obviously I’ll try to hold true to the original
personalities that all the
original characters had, and try to make this just as good as the
actually series. Now, on
with my creation, Tenchi 2000....

        “Hey Tenchi! Wait up man!”
        Tenchi turned and looked down the hall of his school to see Hiro
running
to catch
up to him. He stopped and waited for his best friend to join him, and
they continued down
the hall to their next class side by side.
        “So how was the shrine this summer?” Hiro asked.
        “Not too bad. Some weird stuff happened, but it wasn’t anything I
couldn’t handle
by myself.” Tenchi grinned as Hiro’s eyes got a little wide.
        “Spill dude.”
        “At lunch. I’ll tell you then.” Tenchi grinned, “How was the beach
and
the girls?”
        “I wasn’t here at all over the break actually.” Hiro said.
        “Really?” Tenchi frowned, “I thought you told me you were gonna’ be
in
town all
break?”
        “A change of plans came up right after you left. My uncle in America
asked me to
come visit him for the summer. That’s not something I was about to pass
up.” Hiro
grinned as Tenchi’s eyes went wide.
        “You’ll have to tell me about that!” he said, poking Hiro in the
chest,
“Did you
improve your English?”
        “Quite a bit, though people in California tend to speak
improperly...”
Hiro laughed
and Tenchi smiled.
        “Who do we have for math this year?” Tenchi asked as they came to
the
door of
their next class.
        “Mr. Yukimia.” Hiro sighed. Tenchi moaned. Yukimia was notorious for
failing at
least half of his class every year.
        “We’re doomed.” Tenchi said.
        “Yup.” Hiro agreed.
        They both took deep breaths and then walked through the door.

        “So this girl was just vaporized?” Hiro asked after Tenchi had told
his
story.
        “Everything in the area where she had been was gone. It was just a
big
hole in the
ground.” Tenchi frowned, “It’s kinda’ sad really...”
        “Yeah...” Hiro agreed. They sat in silence for a moment,
contemplating
the events
Tenchi had just described. They sat outside the school, on a small raised
tree planting.
Students ran about them, enjoying the warm afternoon, and eating their
lunches before
classes resumed. A squirrel cautiously scampered up to Hiro, who absently
fed it a few
grains of rice from his lunch. As he did, he spoke softly, “So what’d you
do with the hilt
thingy?”
        Tenchi smiled at his friends tenderness in not wanting to frighten
the
squirrel. Hiro
was a loud, boisterous, volatile teen most of the time, but deep down, he
was a kind and
caring young man, and he rarely showed that side to anyone. Tenchi was
able to see it
because he was Hiro’s most trusted friend. He liked the thought of having
a friend like
Hiro.
        “I kept it. It’s right here.” Tenchi said after the squirrel had
scampered off. He
pulled the hilt from his bag and showed it to Hiro. The other young man
squinted at it.
        “Looks like a sword hilt alright. Weird...” he shrugged, “Oh well,
let’s
get out
minds off of it and hit the books. Four pages of math home work the first
day....
Yukimia’s a bastard....”
        Tenchi laughed at his friends sudden gruffness. They pulled out
their
math books.


        A half hour latter, the two sat on the ground in front of the tree
planting with
books and paper spread out all around them. Tenchi had a pencil in his
mouth and was
punching buttons on his calculator.
        “I think I got it now... we just need the square root of 367.86....
which is....” he
started punching more buttons.
        In unison with a female voice he said, “19.17967674.” Both he and
Hiro
looked
over to their right to see the same red haired girl that Tenchi had seen
that night over the
summer. Her clothing hadn’t changed at all (except that it was dry now)
and her hair was
tied up in a purple bow.
        “You!” Tenchi said jumping up.
        “Is this that girl Tench?” Hiro asked.
        “Yeah! You’re that girl! The one who.... wait, how’d you know what
the
square
root of 367.86 was without using a calculator? No one can do that in
their head...” Tenchi
glared at her.
        “I can.” she said simply, and sat down in front of them. Tenchi sat
down
as well
and they all look at each other for a moment. Then the girl picked up the
Hiro’s book and
looked at it, “You’re working on number five right?”
        “Uh... yeah....” Hiro replied.
        “The answer is 13.56207949.” she said, and closed the book.
        “Hey!” Hiro said as he scribbled the number down on his home work,
“We
were
working on that!”
        “We need to talk.” the girl said to Tenchi, “Remember I said I would
explain to
you why you had to take the sword latter? Well it’s latter and now I need
to explain a few
things.”
        “I thought you were blown up...” Tenchi said.
        “Oh, no. They missed me.” the girl winked, “My name is Washu Hakubi,
but
you
can call me....” she looked at them both slyly.
        “Call you what?” Hiro asked.
        “You can call me Little Washu!” Washu said in her cute voice, and
hugged
herself.
        Tenchi and Hiro both face faulted.
        “Maybe we could find a place a bit more private to go to talk?”
Washu
asked.
        “Uh... we have to go to class in just a few minutes....” Tenchi
said.
        “Aw, comon’ Tench!” Hiro said, whacking his friend on the back, “We
can
skip a
little class!”
        “On the first day back?” Tenchi asked.
        “Sure! We have English class next, and I can catch you up on what
ever
we miss in
there!” Hiro replied.
        “I don’t know....” Tenchi said.
        “Please?” Washu asked, crawling forward and cuddling up to Tenchi’s
arm.
She
looked up and him and blinked her bright green eyes, “For me?”
        Hiro laughed as Tenchi turned red.


        “This looks like a good spot!” Washu said as she slid down the slope
of
a steep hill
and landed down on the grassy bank of the river that ran through town.
Tenchi slid down
after her, and Hiro jumped down. They all sat and looked out at the
river.
        “So what’s this sword hilt and that big flying thing that blasted a
hole
in the ground
have to do with me?” Tenchi asked.
        “First of all, it’s not just a sword hilt. It’s an actual sword. It
just
has an energy
blade.”
        “Like in Star Wars?” Hiro asked.
        “Star Wars?” Washu asked.
        “Never mind.” Tenchi said, “So this sword, how do you get the blade
to
appear?”
        “I’m not really sure. I can’t do it, because I’m not Jurian.”
        “Juri?” Tenchi and Hiro asked in unison.
        “Which is where we come to the ship you saw.” Washu said with a nod.
        “Ship?” Tenchi and Hiro asked again in unison.
        “That’s right. A living Juri space ship, actually. They have trees
in
the center of
them that control the entire ships operations.”
        “Trees?” Hiro asked.
        “Intelligent ones, yes. These ships can get quite large, like the
one
you saw,”
Washu said to Tenchi, “and they can also create large energy blasts. I’m
lucky to be alive
really.”
        “So these Juri people have living tree ships and are from what
planet?”
Hiro asked.
        “Planet Juri,” Washu replied, “Where else would they be from?”
        “Don’t know,” Hiro said with a laugh, “Tell me, are there little
green
men on Mars
too?” he and Tenchi laughed at the joke. Washu frowned.
        “You don’t believe me.” she said.
        “Not a bit. What was that thing really?” Tenchi asked.
        “I guess I’ll just have to show you...” Washu said. She stood up and
put
her hands
out. Hiro and Tenchi stopped laughing when a translucent computer
appeared at her finger
tips. She tapped away at the keys for a moment, and a door suddenly
appeared in the hill
behind them. The computer vanished, and Washu opened the door. Beyond was
blackness.
        “Come into my lab and I’ll show you that I’m telling the truth.” she
said, and
walked through. Tenchi and Hiro looked at each other, shrugged, and
followed her.


        “Okay, so we believe you now.” Hiro said as they all sat and drank
tea
around a
table Washu had made to just pop into existence.
        “So why did the sword ‘choose’ me?” Tenchi asked.
        “Because it needed to be in the hands of a Juri noble to bond it’s
self.” Washu
explained, “You see, on Juri right now, the king is an kind man, but his
son, Kagato, is
greedy for power and wants badly to take the thrown. That’s where I come
into the story.
        “I had requested that the king let me borrow the Sword Tenchi-Ken
for
study of
the Juri power. Because I was the dean of the Galactic Science Academy,
and because I
was a close personal friend, he agreed to let me take it for a few
months. I was just
starting to get some where when Kagato showed up and demanded that I hand
over the
sword. It’s one of the most prized artifacts of the Juri Empire, and it’s
said that it’s
wielder will hold great power, far beyond that of a normal Juri noble,
and Kagato wanted
that power to over throw his father and take the Empire as his own. He
demanded that I
give him the sword.
        “I naturally refused, knowing the evil that lay in his heart, and he
threatened to kill
me. I’m not quite so easy to intimidate though. I may not be Jurian, but
I have my own
power. I sent him off with a stern no.
        “As soon as he was gone, I contacted the King. He told me that I had
to
protect
the sword at all costs, so that Kagato could not gain it’s power. It
would surely mean the
end of the Empire if he was to control the Tenchi-Ken.
        “So, because I’m such a good friend, I resigned as the dean of the
Academy, and
left. Kagato pursued me, and I’ve been running from him for six years
now.”
        “But you’re just a kid!” Hiro said, “How could you have been the
dean of
an
Academy? Does your race just not grow up or something?”
        “No, actually, I was a very lovely woman at one point, but I had to
hide
from
Kagato some how, so I used my science to alter my genetic make up to turn
me into a
child again. Clever disguise, huh? Any way, I ran until I made it out to
this system.
        “Once here, I noticed that the sword was starting to weaken. It was
too
far from
Juri, and had no one to control it. It would have died if I hadn’t
detected a Juri power
signal from this planet. I came here and gave it to you,” she pointed at
Tenchi, “and it
bonded to you. Kagato can never have it now. Unless he kills you that
is...”
        “Uh.... I’m not Jurian...” Tenchi said.
        “Yes you are.” Washu said, “Half Jurian actually, but still, noble
blood
runs in your
veins, and you are able to control the Tenchi-Ken.”
        “It’s weird that the sword in called Tenchi...” Hiro said.
        “Why’s that?” Washu asked.
        “Because my name is Tenchi.” Tenchi said, “Tenchi Masaki.”
        “That just proves it then!” Washu exclaimed.
        “What?” Tenchi asked.
        “Who ever named you must have been from Juri originally, and in
exile or
something. They named you after a powerful artifact, and took a fake
surname from the
name of the Queen of Juri herself, Misaki!”
        “That’s too weird...” Hiro said.
        “I think we need to go talk to Grandfather...” Tenchi said. He knew
for
a fact that
Katsuhito had chosen his name, and that his grandfather’s surname was
Masaki. He’d
always thought it was taken from the shrine...
        “Maybe he’ll be able to help?” Washu asked.
        “Maybe... I don’t know though. We should leave right away if this
Kagato
guy is
still looking for the sword.”
        “He is, and he has agents all over the planet looking for me,
because he
thinks that
I still have it. I’ve been able to hide it from him because you have it,
but I’ll have to travel
with you to make sure you keep safe if you’re going back to that shrine.”
Washu frowned.
        “I’ll come too....” Hiro said, “I wouldn’t miss this for the world!”
        “No, Hiro... this is my problem... I guess I’m the alien noble that
has
to save the
galaxy.... you’re a normal Earth kid still.... you should stay out of
this. It’d be the safe way
to go.”
        “Tench, I’ll stay if you break both my legs and crack my skull.”
Hiro
replied
simply.
        “Okay then!” Washu said happily in her cute voice, “We’ll all go
together then!”
        “Great,” Hiro grinned at Tenchi, who just smiled back and shook his
head, “Let’s
get out of here and hit the train station. I’m sure we can get a train
out to the area the
shine’s in that will leave today or tomorrow...”
        “We could just travel in that.” Washu said, pointing behind herself.
A
spot light
flashed on and lit up a huge space craft.
        “Is that yours?” Tenchi asked.
        “Yeah! I built it after all!” Washu squealed in delight.
        “You BUILT that thing?” Hiro asked. This girl was amazing.
        “Of corse! I am after all....” Washu took a deep breath and shouted
out
with a
shine in her eyes and a look a pure joy on her face, “THE GREATEST
SCIENTIFIC
GENIUS IN THE UNIVERSE!!!”
        A spot light appeared on her and confetti began to fall from no
where.
Tenchi and
Hiro looked at each other.
        “Um... Little Washu?” Tenchi asked.
        “Yes, Tenchi, what is it?” Washu asked.
        “Maybe, we should just keep a low profile and take the train?”
        “Well, if want to avoid detection, I suppose that would be the best
way
to go...”
Washu said, and the spot lights went off.
        Tenchi and Hiro sweat dropped.

        Washu sat by the window of the train and watched all the scenery fly
by.
She
looked just like a little kid the way she was so excited by all of it.
        “How old are you exactly, Little Washu?” Hiro asked.
        “I’m a little over 12,000 years old.” Washu nodded.
        “12,000?!?” Hiro asked.
        “Yup. Jurian’s tend to live for a long time, and so do I.”
        “What race are you?” Tenchi asked over the table they shared in the
dining car.
        “I don’t really know.... I guess I’m just like a human or a Jurian,
except that I have
a unique source of power. I’ve never seen anyone like me.”
        “You don’t remember your parents at all?” Hiro asked.
        “Oh, I was raised on Juri...” Washu said, “But I knew my whole life
I
wasn’t
Jurian. My parents told me that I was found when I was just a baby. I was
raised in the
Juri court and became good friends with the then Crown Prince. When he
became the
King, I left for the Academy. After I graduated I stayed there and
continued as a teacher.
Eventually, I became the dean, and held that position for almost 2,000
years before I had
to resign.”
        “You really love your work don’t you?” Tenchi asked.
        “Yes, I do. You’ve heard my life now, so tell me a bit about
yourselves.” She
smiled and leaned forward as Tenchi and Hiro told her stories.
        She found out that Tenchi lived with his father in the city, and
that
his mother had
passed away when he was very young. He went to the shrine to live with
his grandfather
every summer, and trained to one day take over the shrine for him.
        Hiro was a completely different story. His mother had left his
father
when he was
just entering high school. She had moved to America and re-married there,
and his father
had remained single. Hiro stayed with his father and his mother came to
visit every year
for a few months. He seemed happy with his life with his father in their
bachelor pad down
town. He had enrolled in a local martial arts academy soon after his
mother had left, and
directed all of his pain and anger there. He soon surpassed every student
at the academy
and the teachers sent him out to train on his own, telling him there was
nothing they could
do to help him advance any further.
        The two had become best friends when they discovered their common
interest in
combat technique. Tenchi was a swordsman, and Hiro a hand to hand
fighter. They
exchanged tips and some times even trained together, teaching each other
what they
could.
        Washu was so absorbed in their stories that she didn’t see the tall
woman walk up
behind her and Hiro. Tenchi looked up, laughing at a joke Hiro had just
made, and
stopped laughing quickly. The woman had yellow eyes and vertical pupils,
and her spiky
blue hair stuck up wildly. She grinned at him and he could see her short
fangs. Cat like....
        “Uh.... hello...” Tenchi said. Washu and Hiro looked back to see the
strange
woman, and Washu’s eyes grew wide.
        “You...” she said, “What are you doing here?” suddenly angry, Washu
almost
jumped out of her seat.
        “Nice to see you too.” the other woman said in a melodic voice. Hiro
eyed her
seductive curves that were barely hidden in a dress that didn’t leave too
much to the
imagination.
        “Do you know this vision of loveliness?” Hiro asked Washu.
        “Do I know her?” Washu asked in an exasperated tone, “Yeah I know
her...”
        The woman walked around the table and sat down next to Tenchi. He
gulped
as
she winked at him.
        “Tenchi, Hiro,” Washu said, “I’d like you to meet one of the
Galaxies
most wanted
space pirates...”
        “Space pirate?” Tenchi gulped again and tried to move away, but the
woman put
her arm around him.
        “Don’t shy away from me...” she cooed at him, “I think you’re kinda’
cute!”
        “What’s with you?” Tenchi asked, “Get off of me!”
        “Let him go, he’s too important to have you damaging him.” Washu
glared
at the
blue haired woman.
        “Uh, Washu, how do you know one of the Galaxies most wanted space
pirates?”
Hiro asked.
        “Well boys,” Washu said, “I’d like you to meet my daughter, Ryoko.”
        Ryoko smiled and winked at Tenchi, and then Hiro. Both of them
looked at
each
other nervously. Ryoko laughed out loud.

That’s the end of this Episode! The next one is coming soon, so mail me
with any
suggestions you think would be good to include in this series! Remember,
it’s an open
slate, because it’s a whole new Tenchiverse! I think most of you can see
where this is
going if you’ve seen a few of the real series, so go ahead and make
suggestions, or write
and tell me how great I am! Or how much I suck! I don’t care, but I need
feed back to
make this thing work! Mail is Japhith@Juno.com!!!

-Jacob McDonald, author