Tenchi 2000
A New Tenchiverse
Created by Jacob McDonald
Episode Two: No need for Juri
Disclaimer: Pioneer and AIC own all of Tenchidom forever more! May we
Fanfiction
Authors never say that we made up Tenchi or it’s cast! Sure we can say
that we made up
the stories we write, but we’re using someone else ideas to do so. That’s
what this
disclaimer is for.
Authors Notes: This is a whole new Tenchiverse. If anyone seems a bit out
of characture,
it’s because it’ll make them fit into my story better. So far, we’ve met
Tenchi, his best
friend Hiro, his grandfather Katsuhito, the genius scientist Washu, and
her space pirate
daughter, Ryoko. We also know about the evil Prince of Juri, Kagato. We
pick up in a rail
car on the way to see Katsuhito at the Masaki shrine...

“Do you know this vision of loveliness?” Hiro asked Washu.
        “Do I know her?” Washu asked in an exasperated tone, “Yeah I know
her...”
        The woman walked around the table and sat down next to Tenchi. He
gulped
as
she winked at him.
        “Tenchi, Hiro,” Washu said, “I’d like you to meet one of the
Galaxies
most wanted
space pirates...”
        “Space pirate?” Tenchi gulped again and tried to move away, but the
woman put
her arm around him.
        “Don’t shy away from me...” she cooed at him, “I think you’re kinda’
cute!”
        “What’s with you?” Tenchi asked, “Get off of me!”
        “Let him go, he’s too important to have you damaging him.” Washu
glared
at the
blue haired woman.
        “Uh, Washu, how do you know one of the Galaxies most wanted space
pirates?”
Hiro asked.
        “Well boys,” Washu said, “I’d like you to meet my daughter, Ryoko.”
        Ryoko smiled and winked at Tenchi, and then Hiro. Both of them
looked at
each
other nervously. Ryoko laughed out loud.
        “Ryoko, what the hell are you doing here?” Washu demanded.
        “Well gee, Mom, it’s nice to see you too after 45 years! I’m great,
how
are you?”
Ryoko smiled plesently at her mother.
        Washu sat back with a sigh, “I’m sorry, Ryoko... you know I don’t
aprove
of the
life you lead, and I just get a little riled up when you just burst in on
me like this.”
        “Not a problom. I know it pisses you off. That’s why I do it.”
        “I figured as much... you must get that from your father...”
        “I don’t have a father...” Ryoko said.
        “Exactly,” Washu replied, sitting forward again, “That was the point
of
the joke.”
        “Oh...” Ryoko laughed a little, “Oh yeah, I get it. Say what
happened
any way?
Did you go through the dryer for a bit to long or something?”
        “I had to change myself into a child to avoid detection by Kagato.”
        “Kagato? What’s that bastard chasing you for?” Ryoko frowned.
        “He wants the Tenchi-Ken.” Washu said.
        “The what?”
        “This.” Tenchi said, pulling the sword out of his pocket. He showed
it
to Ryoko,
“It’s dangerous to be near us Miss Ryoko. Maybe it’d be better if you
stayed away until
we can get all this sorted out...”
        “Hell no! If Kagato wants a fight, I’ll give him a fight!” Ryoko
shouted. Several
people in the dining car turned and looked at them. Ryoko settled down.
        “Ryoko grew up playing with one of my best friend’s children. It
just so
happens
that my friend was the King of Juri. She knows all of his children. Well
almost all of them.
Those that are her age any way.” Washu smiled, “She used to fight with
Kagato all the
time. Acually, you never really got along with any of them, did you?”
        “No not really.” Ryoko growled at her mother.
        “Acually, you don’t really get along with anyone at all do you?”
Washu
said
inoccently.
        “That I do get from you...” Ryoko mummbled.
        Washu suddenly stood up in her chair and her hand shot out. She
grabbed
Ryoko
by the ear and yanked her head forward, “Don’t you ever talk bad about
your mother,”
she said, “I didn’t raise you to be disrespectful.”
        “Fine! Okay! Let me go!” Ryoko complained. Washu released her and
sat
back
down. Hiro and Tenchi just sat and stared.
        “So anyway,” Washu continued, “Kagato wants that sword so he can
gain
great
power and take over the Empire. He wants to kill me for hiding it from
him, and he’ll kill
anyone who gets in his way.”
        “Sounds like you’re in over your head.” Ryoko laughed.
        “Not yet.” Washu said in a serious tone that made Ryoko pay
attention,
“Tenchi
here is part Jurian. The sword has bonded to him, which means he’s a
nobal of some sort.
We may still have a chance if he can learn to control the sword’s power.”

        “So that’s why he’s so important to you?” Ryoko said, “Hmmm.... you
have
a
girlfriend Tenchi?” Ryoko asked him.
        Tenchi turned red and Hiro laughed at him. Washu frowned, “Daughter,
please.”
Ryoko turned back to her expectantly, “We can use every ally we can get,
and if you don’t
want to side with Kagato, then could you please help us?” Washu looked at
her with her
bright green eyes.
        “I guess so. Not because you’re my mother, but because Kagato’s a
shit
head.”
Ryoko replied.
        “Great!” Washu exclaimed in her cute little kid voice. Ryoko laughed
at
her.
        “So uh....” Hiro looked around at all of them, “My name is Hiro...”
        “Nice to meet you Hiro.” Ryoko said, “And you too Tenchi.” she
winked at
him.
He blushed again.


        Far off in space, a Juri ship floated in a sea of stars. It wasn’t a
very large ship, but
still quite sizeable. The bridge consisted of a tall Juri tree, set on a
island in the middle of a
large open area. To either side of the tree were two large logs, with the
symbols for their
names writen across them. They were Azaka and Kamidake.
        In front of the tree stood a figure cloaked in elaboret garments.
Her
face was
framed by violet bangs, and her mouth was set with poise and dignity. She
stared straight
ahead at a large veiw screen, where a dark man was talking with her.
        “Sister, please. I need the help of another Juri ship here, and you
are
the closest
one. I beg of you to depart your silly reseption of the suiter of the
month and come to my
aid!” he said in a deep voice.
        “Father would not be happy...” she replied, “But I’ve been going
from
suiter to
suiter for the past nine years! I will take a break for a few days and
come help you
Kagato.”
        “Thank you Ayeka. You’ll not regret this, I promise.” Kagato ended
his
transmition.
        “Azaka! Kamidake! Full speed to the Sol system. We need to help my
bother.”
Ayeka said in a commanding tone.
        “Yes ma’ma.” both of her Gaurdians said in unison.
        “What is the nature of his request, Princess Ayeka?” Azaka asked.
        “We are to help him in aprehending a wanted criminal.” Ayeka replied
as
the ship
started to move forward at increidibal speed.
        “Should we prepare for battle then?” Kamidake said.
        “Yes. We don’t know how dangerous this criminal may be.” the Crown
Princess of
Juri replied. “This criminal must be dangerous though,” she thought to
herself, “If Kagato
needs help...”


        Tenchi payed the cab driver who had dropped them off at the foot
path
that led
down through the forest to the lake. He turned around and looked at the
group he was
with. Hiro, his best friend. Washu, the genuis kid who was really 12,000
years old. Her
daughter Ryoko, a space pirate.
        “And me,” he thought to himself, “The half alien kid who has to
defent
the Galaxy
from a mad alien prince.” Tenchi sighed.
        “Let’s get going. We don’t know where Kagato’s agents may be, but
they’re
probobly watching this place fairly closely. We wouldn’t want them to
catch us when
we’re this close to our goal.” Washu said.
        They all started walking down the path, with the exception of Ryoko,
who
floated.
Hiro and Tenchi had been slightly freaked out by it at first, but they
got used to it after a
few minutes. Now it just seemed like it was natrual to have her floating
a foot off the
ground all the time.
        They reached the stone steps that led up to the shrine and began the
accent.
Washu’s smaller legs were having trouble with the steps after a minute or
two, so Hiro
picked her up and tossed her on his back. She called out and whooped her
delight.
        The top of steps were in veiw when it happened. A breeze blew by,
much
like the
same one that had blown by the night Tenchi had first met Washu. Tenchi
froze.
        “What’s up Tenchi?” Hiro asked, as he too came up short to avoid
running
into his
friend.
        “Something’s not right....” Tenchi said, and suddenly dashed up the
steps,
“Grandfather!” he called out.
        The other three ran (or floated) up to catch up with him, and as
soon as
they got to
the top of the steps, they saw two dark forms appeare on either side of
Tenchi. The young
man stopped and ducked as both of the dark forms threw punches that would
have taken
his head off.
        They were large, bulky, man like things, but they seemed to be
entierly
black,
making it hard to distiguish any thing except arms and legs and heads.
They both jumped
away from Tenchi, one landing in front of him, the other landing between
him and the rest
of his friends.
        “Drones!” Washu cried out and dove to one side. Hiro followed suit
and
Ryoko
looked at them with confustion on her face.
        “What are you two doing?” she asked and looked back at the drone. It
held it’s
arm out and a ball of red energy had formed on it’s hand, “Oh...” she
said, and the energy
blasted her full in the chest. She flew back and tumbled down the steps.
        “Ryoko!” Tenchi cried out and got up to run after her. The drone
that
was now
behind him grabbed his belt however, and tossed him aside. He landed with
a thud and a
moan.
        The drone that had just blasted Ryoko turned and saw Washu. It
started
to
advance on her, and she formed a sword of energy in her right hand. A
grim look
decended on Washu’s face, she was a scientist, not a warrior.
        The drone struck, and Washu jumped back. The genetic mutation had
too
great of
a reach however, and she was struck a glancing blow, bowling her over to
one side. The
drone rasied it’s fits for a crushing final blow.
        Hiro got to it first. He jumped through the air and kicked it in the
side of the head
as hard as he could. He landed before it had even hit the ground, and
spun on the ball of
his foot, lashing out again with his leg, and kicking the drone in the
chest before it even hit
the ground. It tumbled away and lay there.
        Hiro half smiled and looked to see if Washu was injured. He relised
his
mistake a
millisecond too late, and didn’t jump out of the way in time to avoid the
other drone’s
punch. It hit him in the side when he started to stand and jump, and he
flew almost ten feet
before landing on his right side and sliding for a few feet. He didn’t
move.
        “Hiro!” Washu yelled and jumped past the drone. It watched her go
and
check his
pulse before it raised it’s hand to form another energy blast. Washu
looked back and saw
it. Her eyes grew large.
        Then a blast of crimson energy exploded through the drones chest,
spraying white
blood and organic material in a wide arch across the shrine grounds.
Washu spit some
fluid out of her mouth and scowled at her daughter, who stood grining,
her hand still up
against the drones back. It fell over and lay in an expanding puddle of
goo.
        The other drone had picked it’s self up and lumbered over to Ryoko.
She
looked it
up and down, and threw a punch that snapped it’s dark head back. It’s
head tilted back
forward and it’s eyes suddenly flared red.
        “Uh oh...” Washu said in a smug voice, “I think you made it mad.”
        “Shit.” Ryoko swore. She recived a punch to the gut, followed by a
rapid
knee to
the jaw. She flew back and landed hard, “That smarts...” she said,
rubbing her jaw.
        “Enough of this!” called a stern voice. It seemed to jar Tenchi out
of
the daze he’d
been sitting in, and he looked up.
        “Grandfather!” he called.
        “Tenchi! What kind of trouble have you brought to this holy place?”
Katsuhito
said as he walked forward, arms folded inside his priestly robes.
        “Nothing Grandfather. These monsters came from no where!” Tenchi
replied
defensivly.
        “I bet.” Katsuhito said as he walked up to the drone. It looked down
at
him and
it’s eyes flashed again, “I must ask you to leave now.” he told it.
        The monster raised an arm and swung in a low arch. The old priest
simply
ducked
under the blow, stood again, and pulled a wooden pratice sword from the
sleave of his
robe. He jumped into the air, and with two quick slashes, cut the beast
into thirds. It fell to
the ground in chunks.
        Tenchi gulped, “I didn’t know the practice swords could do that...”
he
said.
        “They can if you know how.” Katsuhito replied. Ryoko picked herself
up,
and
Hiro moaned. Washu quickly checked him over for any injuries, and,
satisfied that he
would be able to move again soon, walked over to the Shinto priest.
        “How do you do?” she asked with a slight bow, “My name is Washu!”
        “I’m very well today, young miss, and my name is Katsuhito.” he
replied.
        “So you’re Tenchi’s grandfather hmmm?” Washu asked, “We have a few
questions
for you...”
        “I see. Well, we can talk after you clean this up. We can’t have the
shrine looking
like a war zone now can we?” he said, and turned and walked away.
        Washu stared after him, slack jawed. Clean this up? She looked
around at
the mess
littering the court yard. White blood and guts all over, and three huge
chunks of evil drone
that were growing stickier and slimier by the second.
        “That’s Grandpa for you!” Tenchi said, rubbing the back of his head
as
he walked
over. Washu looked up at him with an angry look, “What?” Tenchi asked.

        After they had all pitched in and cleaned the mess in front of the
shrine up, Tenchi,
Washu, Hiro and Ryoko all sat around a table in the shrine, with
Katsuhito at the head. He
looked at all of them, then spoke, “So what is it you want to ask me
about?”
        “My name.” Tenchi replied, “Where did it come from?”
        “From the name of the sword that a hero of the Masaki line once
held.”
the old
preist said.
        “And what about the name Masaki?” asked Washu, “Where did it come
from?”

        “That name has always been the name of this place and all who
guarded
it.”
Katsuhito replied.
        “Then it looks as if the Juri nobal who was here died a long time
ago.
His ship
must have been destroyed then.” Washu frowned.
        “Juri?” Katsuhito asked.
        “A planet a few star systems away...” Washu waved her hand in a
dismisive way,
“Don’t worry about it too much if you don’t know anything about it.”
        “Tenchi, are your friends not from around here?” the old priest
asked
his grandson.
        “Well... no, not exactly... they’re.. uh..... aliens...” Tenchi said
and
smiled meekly.
        “I see.” Katsuhito said. He continued to sip his tea.
        “Nothing really suprises your grandfather, huh Tenchi?” Hiro asked.
        “Nothing at all....” Tenchi replied.
        “Well,” Washu said as she stood up, “I guess that solves that little
mystery. The
Juri nobal got here, his ship crashed, and since he had no link to Juri
any more, he died of
old age like any normal human would. The name Makaki comes from the name
of the
queen of Juri, and the name Tenchi comes from the sword in the ledgend.”
Washu nodded
her head, then frowned, “But wait, you said that a hero of the Masaki
line once held the
sword, so it must have been before he left Juri...”
        “No,” Katsuhito responded, “He held it here on Earth.”
        “Then... how did it get back to Juri?” Washu asked.
        Tenchi pulled the sword from his belt and laid it on the table, “Do
you
know
anything about the sword Grandfather?”
        “Only that it was a very powerful weapon. It is said that the first
Masaki, the hero
who weilded the weapon, was able to destroy many demons and enimies with
the sword,
and that it never failed him.”
        “You don’t by chance know what the name of this hero was do you?”
Washu
asked.
        “I belive his name was Yosho.” Katsuhito replied.
        “Yosho....” Washu’s eyes grew large, “But he’s...”
        “Washu?” Hiro waved a hand in front of her face.
        “I think Mom remembered something that she didn’t know she knew,”
Ryoko
busted up laughing, “She has so much cramed into that little head of hers
that it all gets
mixed up sometimes!”
        “Yosho was killed a long time ago...” Washu said finally.
        “Maybe he just ended up here though...” Hiro sugested.
        “No,” a voice from the door way said, “I killed him myself.”
        They all spun around and looked to see a tall dark man with handsom
features, but
an evil grin. His hair was long and tied back, and his nose seemed to end
in a point, giving
him an even more sinister appearence.
        “Kagato...” Washu wispered.