Well, I guess I'll start with a-
Disclaimer: Pioneer and ACI (I think) own Tenchi Muyo, and all characters used 
in this story. I'm simply using them in a story for my own personal enjoyment 
and am 
making no money whatsoever from writing this story.  So please, please don't sue 
me.  

Also, I am basing this story off of the OAV, because I like the story concepts 
of the OAV better.  However, I've only seen a few of the OAV episodes. I've 
mostly watched the TV series on Toonami.  Everything that I know about the OAV 
series I've learned from reading fan fiction. So, if I goof up, let me know.  
This is my first fanfic, so I need feedback.

Now that that is over with, here we go!

Tenchi Muyo!
No Need for Eternal Conflicts
Chapter 1: No Need for a Death Match
By Ian VanWyhe 

	Ayeka, the crown princess of the planet Jurai, impatiently brushed a few 
wisps of her long violet hair out of her eyes.  She looked back down and started 
sweeping again, rather violently. 
	"Ohhh, that monster woman makes me angry!  Always hanging on Lord Tenchi, 
sneaking into his room or his bath, insulting me constantly!  She's probably out 
with him right now, bothering him while he is trying to work, while the rest of 
us slave away on our chores."
	Ayeka swept for several more minutes, silently fuming.  She finally 
finished, then stopped and thought a bit longer.  Suddenly, energy crackled out 
of her hands, and the broom burst in to pieces.
	"I can't take it anymore!" she cried, and rushed of toward the carrot 
fields.  
	Princess Sasami stuck her head out of the kitchen window, looking puzzled, 
with an equally puzzled looking Ryo-Ohki on her head. "Ayeka? Where'd she go?"
She looked around for a moment, then spied her sister running down the road 
toward the fields.  "I wonder what's going on?  What do you think, Ryo-Ohki?"
	"Miya! Miya mi-YA!" Ryo-Ohki replied.
	"You think so?  Yeah, you're probably right.  Oh, well, they'll probably 
be late for dinner again." Sasami sighed. "I wish those two wouldn't fight so 
much."
	Sasami withdrew into the kitchen.

	Sure enough, there were Tenchi and Ryoko, standing in the carrot fields. 
Ryoko's arms were, of course, thrown around Tenchi, and Tenchi was looking very 
uncomfortable.  Ayeka ran faster.  <Can't that horrible woman see that Lord 
Tenchi doesn't enjoy her attention?  Why won't she leave us alone and stop 
coming between us?> Ayeka thought.  
	"Ryoko, can't you please let go?" Tenchi said, sounding desperate. "I have 
a lot of work to do, and if Ayeka sees you-"
	Ryoko cut him off. "So what if the little princess sees us, Tenchi?  I can 
handle that bitch." 
	"WHAT DID YOU CALL ME RYOKO?!" Ayeka yelled. She marched right up to the 
pair and pushed Ryoko, who had quickly disengaged herself from Tenchi and turned 
to face the enraged princess. Ryoko went flying back, and almost landed in 
Tenchi's basket of carrots, but caught herself just in time.  She floated above 
the basket and glared at Ayeka.
	"Nothing you didn't just prove, Ayeka." She floated over and landed nose 
to nose with Ayeka.  Teeth gritted, she growled, "However, if you push me again, 
I'll do much worse then call you names."
	Ayeka pushed her even harder, using her Jurai power to put in some added 
'oomph'. Ryoko flew backward with surprising speed and slammed into a nearby 
tree.  She then jump up and screamed, "YOU STUPID RETARDED LITTLE OLD MAID! YOU 
ARE GONNA PAY FOR THAT!" She flew at Ayeka, her red and black combat suit 
forming out of her clothes, her energy sword forming in one hand, a fireball in 
the other. 
	Ayeka's eyes widened slightly.  She hadn't ever made Ryoko quite this 
angry before.  Then they narrowed.  "Old maid? How dare she! If she wants to 
play rough, I can handle that!"  Ayeka's clothes shifted to Jurian battle gear, 
and dozens of small logs appeared in the air around her, energy crackling out of 
them, forming several force fields around her, in three layers.
	Tenchi stared at this wide eyed for a moment, then shouted.  "AYEKA! 
RYOKO!  STOP!  QUIT FIGHTING!!!"
	Both girls ignored him.  Ryoko slammed into the first force field the logs 
had put up, and went right though it without even slowing down.  She threw the 
energy ball and it exploded on the second one, wiping it out.  
	Tenchi backed away, a sinking feeling in his heart.  This was it.  The big 
one, the doozy.  If he didn't do something, one of them was gonna kill the 
other. He could see it in their faces. He'd seen it coming, seen their 
fights becoming more and more violent, but he hadn't know what to do.  He still 
didn't.
	All this went through Tenchi's head in a mere moment, but in that moment, 
the battle had progressed quickly.  Ayeka had shot the third shield, which was 
covering her body like a second skin, full of as much energy as she could 
muster.  Ryoko slammed her energy blade against Ayeka, but it bounced right off, 
throwing Ryoko back several feet.  Ayeka raised her hand and shot a barrage of a 
dozen or so huge blasts of energy at Ryoko.  Ryoko managed to dodge most of them 
by quickly flying and teleporting, but several hit her shields, knocking her 
around a bit.  Ayeka paused for a moment to regain energy and Ryoko returned 
blast after blast of her own. Ayeka jumped out of the way of the first one, was 
hit with the second, winced visibly at the third, and was blown back and sent 
sprawling by the fourth blow, shields destroyed.
	Tenchi cowered away from the explosions, not quite believing the quickness 
and intensity of the battle.  Then there was a single second of silence.  He saw 
Ayeka, energy gone, on the ground, moaning and trying to sit up, with her pale, 
violet eyes huge with terror.  He saw Ryoko, face contorted with anger, 
energy sword in hand. 
	Then, suddenly, Ryoko was next to Ayeka, energy sword raised.  Tenchi's 
bellow of "Ryoko, NOOOO!" mingled with Ayeka's wordless scream of terror and 
Ryoko's equally wordless shout of rage. 
	Tenchi knew there was nothing he could do, that before he had taken three 
steps Ayeka would be sliced in half, dead, but still, he tried.  He still 
started running, still started trying to call up the Light Hawk Wings, though he 
knew that even if he could call them on command, it would be too late, because 
Ryoko's sword was already swinging downward. 
	Suddenly, the energy sword disappeared.  As it did, Ryoko's face contorted 
for a moment, as if she were fighting for control.  She stood there, hand 
stretched toward Ayeka.  Ayeka looked up at her, eyes wide, but her face had 
seemed to show acceptance as the sword had come down.  Now the two stood there, 
(well, Ayeka laid there) and stared at each other.
	Ryoko abruptly grinned, leaned down a little, and said, "Had you going 
there for a minute, didn't I, Ayeka?  Betcha thought I was actually gonna kill 
you, huh?"
	Ayeka stared at her, still a little in shock. "I, I..." she whispered. 
	"Well, you were wrong.  Are you kidding?  Yosho would have killed *me*!  
Here, let me help ya up!"
	Without waiting for a reply, she grasped Ayeka's arm and yanked her to her 
feet.  Ayeka stood there for a second, then started to collapse.  Ryoko shot her 
arm underneath Ayeka's, and supported her.  "Whoa, there, Princess.  Slow down. 
You're energy's shot.  Here, I'll take back to your room, and get Sasami to make 
you an early dinner.  You need rest and food."
	Ayeka continued to stared at the space pirate.  "O...ok, Ryoko.  
Tha...thank you..."
	Ryoko looked over at Tenchi.  "Hey Tenchi!  What's with the Light Hawk 
Wings?"
	Tenchi came out of his shocked amazement at what had just happened, 
indulged in more shocked amazement as he realized the Wings had actually come 
when he had called, closed his gaping mouth, and let the Wings go. He shook his 
head in bewilderment.  "Er, ok, guys, I'll be up to the house as soon as I get 
my tools and the carrots."
	Ryoko grinned cheerfully.  "Ok, Tenchi! Don't be long!"  Then she flew off 
toward the house at top speed, and phased through the wall of Ayeka's room.  
Tenchi stared after them, still amazed.  Then he gathered his stuff and headed 
back to the house.

	Ayeka couldn't stop staring at Ryoko as the space demon bustled about 
making her comfortable.  
	"Here, Ayeka, you hot?  I'll put up this fan." "Here's some water." 
"Here's an extra pillow!  Make you're self comfortable."
	Ayeka replied to each comment, "Thank you.  Thanks," and continued staring 
at Ryoko. 
	Ryoko finished.  "Ok, Ayeka, I'll go get you some food from Sasami." She 
started to phase through the floor."
	"Ryoko?" Ayeka asked suddenly.
	Ryoko stopped and combined a look of cheerfulness with concern.  "Sure 
Ayeka! What can I get you?"
	Ayeka looked down.  She realized she was still in her battle gear but 
didn't have the energy to change back.  "Um, I'm sorry I pushed you."
	She looked back up.  Normally, Ryoko would be shocked and amazed by an 
apology from Ayeka, but she simply continued to wear her cheerful expression. It 
looked a bit forced, though. Ayeka continued.  "Yeah, I guess you're right.  You 
had me going for a bit."
	Ryoko's expression changed from cheerful to serious, and she solemnly 
said, "Well, to be honest, I had me going for a bit too."  Then she phased 
through the floor.

That’s the first chapter. I don’t know if I’ll keep it in this form, or change 
it a little more. I’m still waiting for a little feed back. Speaking of 
feedback, please send any to mstrshark@aol.com. Make sure to tell me which story 
you are giving me feedback on, though. Thanks for reading this, everybody.
