Tenchi Muyo: Eternal Love


        A month had passed since the Kagato incident. Things
seemed to have gone back to normal in the Masaki
household. It was calm and quiet. Tenchi had gone back
to school. He was in college now, a freshman to be
precise. Mihoshi and Kiyone had found a new home and
continued their frenzy of job hopping and searching.
Ryoko had also been looking for a job. She had
discovered that she needed to do something with
herself in order to keep herself away from boredom.
        Ryoko was looking through a newspaper in the
classified section. She sighed and put the paper down.
She had a look of disgust on her face. “Why is it that
all the good jobs require you to have a high school
diploma?” she asked no one in particular. The only
jobs that seemed available to the space pirate where
fast food restaurants. Either that or waitress jobs.
She knew that being a waitress would inquire allot of
patients with complete strangers, she didn’t have
allot of that.
        She then heard the front door close from downstairs.
She rushed to her door and opened it up. She turned to
the left and ran down a flight of steps the turned
sharply to the left again and down another small
flight of stairs. She then reached the final stair
case and looked down them. Tenchi was taking his shoes
off at the door. He sighed quietly and the proceeded
to hang up his jacket.
        Ryoko smiled and walked down the stairs at a normal
pace. Tenchi looked up and saw the smiling Ryoko. He
smiled at her when she reached the bottom step.
“Hello, what’s up?” he asked warmly. She walked up to
him and put her arms around his neck and sighed. “Oh
you know, the usual. Sitting around doing nothing.”
she said in that tone that told Tenchi that she was
once again bored.
        He put his hands on her waist and nodded once. “Still
can’t find a job?” he questioned. She sighed once
again and nodded. Ryoko was getting impatient with her
day to day routine. All she did was get up in the
morning, eat, watch a bit of TV, took a bath and
looked at nothing but adds and such while taking care
of Mayuka through out her afternoon. Not that she
didn’t care for her daughter, it was just that she
wanted out of the house and have some fun.
        Tenchi knew that Ryoko was getting worse by the day.
A few times it seemed like Ryoko was going to explode
from all the boredom. “Don’t worry, I’ll help you find
a job.” he told her. She gave him a small smile of
appreciation.
        Just then the couple heard little thumping noises.
They turned to see their daughter Mayuka run up to
them. She had a big smile on her face. “Welcome home,
daddy!” the little girl cried out once she reached
them. Tenchi and Ryoko had let go of each other and
the prince knelt down to the girl’s level. He gave her
a smile and hugged her. “Was my little girl good for
mommy today?” he asked. Mayuka nodded. “We went out to
lunch today.” Mayuka said.
        Tenchi stood up with Mayuka in his arms. He looked to
Ryoko and then back to the girl. “Is that so.” Mayuka
nodded and giggled. Ryoko had a full smile on her face
now. She had always loved spending time with her
daughter. Like Sasami though the girl had a love for
video games. She loved board and card games too. She
was like some game pro because she never lost.
Everyone had always tried their hardest to beat the
girl but never seem to have gotten any luck.
        Tenchi put the girl down. “Why don’t you go on and
help your Aunt Sasami out in the kitchen.” he told
her. Mayuka nodded and turned for the kitchen and sped
off. Tenchi smiled at his two year old daughter. She
was so carefree and had an abundant of energy to boot.

        Tenchi then turned to his love and placed his hands
on her arms. He then slid them down to her waist and
pulled her closer to him. She blinked and blushed a
bit. She gently placed her hands on his shoulders and
got a bit redder. Tenchi chuckled at the redness in
the pirate’s cheeks.
        “I love you.” he said as he looked into her deep
golden feline eyes. She gave Tenchi a knowing grin and
leaned up against him. “I love you too.” she whispered
seductively in his right ear. Tenchi turned real red
at that. She giggled and shook her head. Tenchi,
though, had regained his composure and smiled back at
her. He then leaned in a bit and kissed her fully.
        Ryoko slid her arms completely around his neck. She
was trying to deepen the kiss as much as she could.
They had not have had allot of time together lately.
Tenchi was busy keeping up with school and Ryoko was
trying to find a job while she tried to take care of
Mayuka.
        As they continued with their kissing Washu stepped
out of her lab for the first time in a couple of
weeks. She was behind once again with her research and
development. She looked around for the faces of her
crazy family. She then spotted her daughter and most
likely to be son-in-law off by the doorway kissing.
        She shook her head. Those two where hardly able to
keep their hands AND lips off of each other for one
moment. She cleared her throught loudly. “Excuse me if
I’m intruding on you two love birds but, when is
dinner?” she asked with a hint of sarcasm in her
voice.
        Tenchi broke away from Ryoko and turned red. Ryoko,
on the other hand, was getting angry at her mother.
“Mind your own damned business mother!” Washu cackled
as she walked off towards the kitchen. She loved being
mean to her daughter. It was her favorite game to
play.
        Washu walked into the kitchen with a satisfied smile
on her face. Her stomach rumbled. Sasami looked over
her shoulder from the kitchen’s sink. She blinked at
the mad scientist as she rummaged through the fridge.
“Not hungry are you?” joked Sasami. The mad scientist
sighed. “Well, I was getting hungry.” she replied in
good sports-manship. Sasami chuckled then went back to
washing some dishes.
        Mayuka hopped off of the counter to the right of the
sink and up to her “grandmother” and smiled. “Grandma
Washu, what are you doing in the closet?” Mayuka
asked. Washu chuckled at the girl’s question. She
pulled out a sub sandwich and walked over to the
island counter. She placed the sandwich on a white
plate that had been sitting there. “I’m doing some
research.” Washu answered.
          Mayuka was confused now. She didn’t know what Washu
had meant when she said research. Hell, she didn’t
even know what the word meant. “What does research
mean?” Mayuka then asked. Washu smiled and picked her
plate up. As she walked to the kitchen door Mayuka
followed, eager to find out what this new word meant.
“Well, it means to learn new things.” Washu replied
sweetly. Mayuka nodded. “Ohhhh! I get it now!” she
shouted out with joy. Washu smiled down at the girl.
Mayuka giggled happily.
        Washu sat down at the dinning table and watched the
little girl run off to her parents. She chuckled under
her breath as she heard Mayuka tell her mother and
father that she learned a new word. Tenchi’s daughter
had always been a bright young girl but they all had
only begun to find this out. Washu knew that one day
Mayuka would be a smart young woman with a bright
future.
        Washu got a bit sad all of a sudden. She was happy
for her daughter to finally have the man she had loved
for so long. The only problem was that Washu knew that
she wouldn’t always be around for her daughter or
granddaughter. It was just this one thought that had
upset the most greatest most scientific genius in the
universe. She didn’t want to die on them but since she
was no longer a goddess she didn’t possess the
immortality that she had passed along to her daughter.
        Yes it was true. Ryoko would live as long as she
didn’t die from any conventional means, such as
disease or death in battle. She knew that five others
had possessed the wonderful yet unpleasant gift of
immortality. The other five were Tenchi, Mayuka,
Sasami, Yosho and Mihoshi. Tenchi had his immortality
because of his linkage with Tsunami. The same with
Sasami only it was a bit more so because of their
assimilation. Yosho had it as long as Ryoko was alive
and her gems kept on feeding his space tree the energy
it needed to live. Mayuka had it because she had
inherited it from her father. Though she never told
anyone, Mihoshi was her granddaughter and she
inherited it from Washu’s son. (-shudder- Mihoshi is
Washu’s granddaughter....... Poor Washu and poor
Ryoko.. oO) (Notes: I came up with all of this. I’ll
explain. If Tenchi has the power of Tsunami and
because somehow he has a small part of her inside of
him, he will remain young and alive until, by any
chance, Tsunami dies. Well we know about Sasami, Ryoko
has it because she is the daughter of a formal goddess
and we all get the picture for that. And Mihoshi
inherited it from along down the line. Mayuka well
same as Ryoko with her mother. Yosho, well we heard
all that stuff in episode 13: Here Comes Jurai!)
        Washu never bothered to say any of this yet. She felt
that no one was ready for it. Though she figured that
she had better tell her daughter and her love this
before they realized their aging process. Ryoko’s
immortality had kicked in when she was 17 but Ryoko
could make herself age just a bit more, only to about
25 so she could get away with the alcohol in public
and such. Washu had figured that Tenchi would continue
to age until about 26 or 27 then his immortality would
kick in. Though his Juraian inheritige  had started
and had expanded his normal lifespan he wouldn’t age
beyond 27.
        Washu didn’t want to think about this anymore. It
seemed to have made her even more depressed. She just
ate her sandwich quietly while she watched the TV
program that Mayuka had selected. It was some
cute/stupid little kid show that had to do with three
preteens with some weird pocket monsters that could
only say their names. (If you don’t get the hint of
what show that is, then you’re flat out stupid......
¬.¬’)

        It was about 10:00 pm. Ryoko and Tenchi had been
going to bed at that time every night since they got
home from the war. Tenchi had told his grandfather off
and had Ryoko move into his room. Tenchi didn’t care
whether the old man liked it or not. All he had to say
was something about many feat or something strange
like that. But that was just Yosho for you.
        Tenchi got onto the bed and lied down. Ryoko soon
joined him. Tenchi wore a simple pair of boxer shorts
and Ryoko was wearing her gray and yellow tank top
with matching shorts. The yellow strips ran along down
her side on the shirt and on her shorts they ran down
the side and at the end of each pant leg they wrapped
around about that last inch or so.
        Ryoko scooted up next to him. She was on his left
side. She put her left arm around his waist and her
right arm went under his neck and her hand hung on his
right shoulder. He gently held her left arm with his
right hand, on about the middle of her arm. He put his
left arm around her shoulder and sighed. She rested
her head on his left shoulder and smiled. “I love you,
my Tenchi.” she said quietly. He smiled also and
kissed her on the forehead. “I love you too, Ryoko.”
he replied with a yawn.
        They just lied there for ten minutes. None of them
said a word. Ryoko was thinking about things while
Tenchi did the same. They both thought that the other
had already fallen asleep. Ryoko was mainly thinking
about her future with Tenchi. She wanted to have a
child with him. One they could actually call their
own. She loved Mayuka as her own but she just wanted
to have one that was blood related to her and Tenchi.
She just wanted another child period. But the only
problem was that she couldn’t have kids. Washu had
made it to the point where she couldn’t reproduce.
Sure she had all the necessary equipment, but it was
no use. But she knew that Washu could probably help
her out with that.
        She was afraid to talk about it with Tenchi though.
She didn’t know why that was either. She guessed it
was just because she was nervous about talking about
things like that with someone. Even though he had
admitted that he loved her and she always wanted to be
with him she never thought it would actually be. Maybe
that and the fact of what happened to her back in the
prison camp. It sort of scared her to do something
like that with someone right now. She hadn’t even told
Tenchi that they had.... She didn’t want to think
about that though. It was over and it would never
happen again.
        She sighed quietly and moved her left hand up to the
center of Tenchi’s chest. She felt his chest slowly
rise up and then go back down as he breathed. She also
felt the steady pace of his heart beating. “Tenchi,
you still awake?” she asked quietly. If he wasn’t she
didn’t want to wake him up. “Ya.” he replied.
        Good, she didn’t wake him up then. “What is it,
Ryoko?” he asked her. She broke away from their hold
on each other and sat up. He was a bit confused at her
sudden action. He sat up beside her and looked at her.
He wasn’t sure but he thought he saw her cheeks turn
into a light shade of red. She just had to ask him.
Even though she herself didn’t quiet feel ready for
it. She might have been a few years back but not now.
Not after what had happened in the prison. “I was
wondering,” she trailed off. She felt her heart
beating rapidly in her chest. She could hear it also
and hoped that Tenchi couldn’t hear it too. “I was
wondering if you ever wanted to have a child with me.”
she finally said.
        There was silence. She looked up at him. He had some
redness in his cheeks but he looked as though he where
thinking. The silence she was getting from her beloved
began to make her nervous. What if he didn’t want to
talk about it right now. After all he was still in
school and he hasn’t even proposed to her yet. “I
would love to have children with you.” he said
breaking the silence that he had created.
        Ryoko’s heart skipped about three beats. Did he say
that he would love to have children with her? That’s
what it sounded like. She turned even more red now. He
smiled at her and chuckled. “Boy, you blush more
easily than I thought.” Tenchi commented. Ryoko placed
her left hand on her cheek in a modest sort of way.
She playfully hit him on the shoulder. “Oh be quiet.”
she said.
        She took in a deep breath to steady her nerves. She
couldn’t believe that he had said that. Now all she
wanted to hear from him was the proposal. Of course
she knew that he wouldn’t ask until he had a ring for
her.
        She felt him lay his hands on her shoulders. She then
felt him bring her closer to him. She soon felt the
warmth of his body as their bodies touched. He lifted
her head up gently with his left hand so that she was
facing him face to face. He had a loving smile on his
face and his eyes were also full of love. But there
was something else she saw in his eyes. Something she
knew. It was a certain mischievous look she had always
gave him.
        He then drew her head closer to his. His lips then
grazed hers before he completely drew her into a
passionate kiss. He then grabbed her wrists gently and
put her hands on his shoulder. He then wrapped his
arms around her waist as if to keep her there. She
wanted to stay there and never let him go. She
completely wrapped her arms around his shoulders. She
loved him with all her heart and if it was necessary
she would die for him. He had felt the same way for
her. On a couple of occasions he almost did die for
her.
        He then slowly pulled away from the kiss. She was a
bit flushed but barely noticeable. He just smiled at
her lovingly all the same. She gave him the same smile
as she regained her composure. He watched her as she
rested her head on his shoulder. She closed her eyes
and breathed in deeply as she relaxed.

        It was later in the evening. The couple where lying
in bed wide awake. Ryoko had the covers pulled up to
her shoulders while Tenchi had them pulled half way up
his chest. Ryoko was tracing the scar that had formed
from a battle wound on his left shoulder. Tenchi had
his right arm around her shoulder. They both hadn’t
said a thing for about an hour and a half. (And no,
they did not hop on the good foot and do the bad
thing...o_O)
        Ryoko chuckled to herself. “Why do you keep the scar?
You know Washu could remove it.” Tenchi looked to
Ryoko. He shrugged lightly. “I guess I kept it because
it reminds me of what I did to protect the people of
Jurai and the rest of the universe. Besides that, it
reminds me of how much I love you and what I would
sacrifice to keep you safe.” he answered.
        She didn’t quite expect to hear that from Tenchi. He
was so passionate when it came right down to it. She
then turned a bit red. What he had said about
sacrificing things to keep her safe. That was the most
caring and loving thing anyone had ever told her. She
sighed and rest her head on his right shoulder.
        This was the most perfect ending for the most perfect
night ever for Ryoko. Though they had barely exchanged
a word she could sense that they where both thinking
about each other. She didn’t know how that was either.
She shrugged it off though and smiled. It was all
lovely all the same. He kissed her once on the
forehead and said, “I love you, Ryoko.” He heard her
sigh with contentment. “And I love you, Tenchi.” she
answered back. They both then slowly drifted off to
sleep.
        It was even later into the evening now. Ryoko was
stirring in her sleep. She was sweating some too as
sounds of despair and fear came from her throught. She
was having a nightmare, no not a nightmare... more
like a memory as a dream. It was about the prison she
was stuck in.
        Two large guards dragged her through the halls. She
tried to escape them but couldn’t. There was some sort
of dampening field that surrounded the prison. It had
cut her powers off all together. She really didn’t
have much strength without the source of her powers
either. Sure she was still stronger than a normal
woman but still not strong enough to fight off the
soldiers.
        The dream itself was sort of hazy but she could still
make it out pretty good. They had chained her to a
wall and would try to get information out of her but
she resisted. They would smack her around and threaten
to kill her but she still stood strong. She knew that
they wouldn’t kill her. They needed workers for their
mines and would still try to get info from her until
they beat her to the point of death.
        She snapped awake just as the worst part of the whole
thing almost happened. She was panting for breath as
she tried to adjust to the lighting in the room. She
wiped some of the sweat away from her face and looked
down at her alarm clock. It was a quarter to  three in
the morning.
        She looked down at Tenchi. He was sleeping peacefully
and it seemed that he hadn’t noticed her stirring
around in bed. She sighed with relief once she had
realized it was all a dream. She was still home and
safe. She then lied back down on the bed and turned to
her left side. She saw that Tenchi was lying on his
right side. She scooted up to him and rested her arm
over his waist. She then rested her chin on his
shoulder and slowly and uneasily fell back to sleep.

        It was the next morning. Tenchi slowly came back to
reality. He blinked a few times allowing his eyes to
adjust to the morning light that filled the room. He
was lying on his stomach, one arm under his head while
the other was stretched out above him.
        He slowly began to raise himself up into a sitting
position. He rubbed his right eye carefully and looked
down onto the bed. Ryoko wasn’t there but she had left
a note for him. He grabbed it and began to read it to
himself. “Went to the onsen to take a bath. Should be
back soon. Lots-o-love Ryoko”  He smiled and lied the
note on his nightstand.
        He took a small glimpse at his clock. It said 9:36
am. He yawned and got out of bed. He put a pair of
pants on and a green shirt. He didn’t bother to tuck
it in though. He then proceeded to the dinning table.
Once there he was greeted by Washu.
         Washu looked up to Tenchi and grinned at him. “Did
you two get it on yet?” she asked. Tenchi turned
completely red while Washu sat there cackling her ass
off. Tenchi guessed that she was listening in on his
conversation with Ryoko from last night.
        “Mind your own business ‘mom’.” came Ryoko’s voice
from nowhere. She then appeared behind Tenchi. She had
her left arm over his shoulder and her right arm
around his chest. She gently rested her chin on his
right shoulder.
        “Morning.” she said in Tenchi’s right ear. Tenchi
blushed a bit and Ryoko chuckled at that. She knew
that it didn’t take much for Tenchi to blush. Although
from when they had their brief conversation about
having children he didn’t get too red. Well neither
did she as she thought about it...
        Tenchi gently removed Ryoko’s arms and then sat down
at the table. She joined him soon after and rested her
head on his shoulder. “So, what’s for breakfast?”
Tenchi asked. Washu shrugged as she began to type on
her holo laptop. Ryoko too shrugged. She had just
gotten back from the onsen and everyone already knew
that.
        Ayeka then came down the stairs. She lifted her right
arm up and covered her mouth as she yawned. She was
dressed in her simple purple and pink Juraian kamono.
She reached the bottom step and turned to the left.
She then walked a couple of feet and turned to the
left again. Now she was walking towards the dinning
room table.
        Ayeka saw Tenchi and Ryoko sitting together side by
side. They couldn’t leave each other alone for two
minutes if their lives depended on it. Ayeka sighed
and shook her head. It didn’t bother her all that much
anymore, actually it was just the fact they had to
ALWAYS be all over each other. No matter where they
were. A good example would be when they all went out
to dinner a couple of weeks ago. Ryoko couldn’t stop
hanging on Tenchi if her life depended on it.
        Just as she sat down Sasami came out of the kitchen
bearing pancakes and eggs. Ayeka smiled at the little
princess as she sat the food on the table. “Morning,
Sasami.” Ayeka greeted. Sasami sat down at the table
and returned the smile. “Morning sis.”
        Ryoko had already flopped two pancakes and some eggs
on her plate. Tenchi now stabbed his fork into the
softness of the pancake. He had managed to get three
stuck on his fork. He then placed them on his plate
and pried them off of his fork. Washu either didn’t
notice the food or she was to busy to get some for she
was still typing away at her holo laptop.
        Ayeka, now, picked her fork up. She stabbed the first
pancake in site and placed it on her plate. She then
scooped up two cooked eggs and put them on her plate
next to the pancake. She grabbed the syrup bottle and
squeezed the thick substance out onto her pancake. She
then wiped the nozzle off and passed the syrup to the
waiting hand of Ryoko.
        Tenchi had already begun to eat his breakfast. He
then look up to Ayeka. “Did you get any sleep? You
look tired.” he said. Tenchi was right. Ayeka had dark
circles around her eyes and she didn’t get to sleep
until 12:30. Ayeka shook her head and sighed in
annoyance. “I didn’t. I don’t know what the deal was
either..” she said with a yawn.
He then looked to Sasami who looked just fine. “Did
you get some sleep?” he asked her. Sasami nodded.
        Ryoko looked up from her plate and looked around the
table. “What are you guys talkin’ about?” she asked
with a small mouthful of food. She raised an eyebrow
and swallowed her food. The space pirate was sometimes
completely oblivious to her surroundings. Everyone
just sighed in over exaggeration.

        It was later in the day now. Ayeka had been reading a
romance comic for about fifteen minutes now. She had
found it slightly vulgar. She expected that feeling to
come along since the comic belonged to Nobuyuki.
        She placed the comic down beside her and sighed. She
looked at the clock on the VCR. 3:57 Pm. Ryoko and
Tenchi had taken Mayuka to a water park in town about
an hour and a half ago. They had said that they would
be back at about 4:30. Until then Ayeka was stuck at
home with nothing to do. Sasami was busy doing her
homework in her room.
        Sasami wanted to go to school when they got back home
from the war. Everyone had agreed to let her go. Well
Ayeka had hesitated at the thought, but she gave in
once she realized that Sasami had really wanted to go
to school. With some help from Washu, birth records
wise, Sasami was enrolled in school.
        It was a long commute but she was willing to make
that trip. She was enlisted in the seventh grade,
because she had scored above average on the IQ test.
Sasami had been enjoying her new life. She was gaining
lots of new friends her age and was getting out of the
house.
        Ayeka was glad to see her sister happy. Ayeka also
got news That Ryoko was going to start her new job in
two days. She got a job as a cell phone salesperson at
the mall in Okeyamma. Ryoko was so excited when she
had gotten the job.
        Ayeka’s expression turned to that of a depressed one.
Everyone seemed to have been moving along in life
while she sat at home all day. At times Ayeka felt as
though she didn’t belong in the Masaki house hold
anymore.
        A thought then struck her. She could find a job and
move into her own place! That sounded like a good
idea. But then again she would be all alone in her
home.  But then again she could ask if Sasami wanted
to move along with her. It would help her get to
school easier. That and it would give Tenchi and Ryoko
more room.
        Just then the phone rang. Ayeka looked to the
telephone and got up from the couch. It was an excuse
to get up off her rear. She walked to the phone as it
continued to ring. The ringer wasn’t very annoying. In
fact it was quite subtle. She picked the receiver up
and put the phone to her ear. “Hello, Masaki
residence.” she said in a cheerful tone.
She listened to the other person. “Just a minute.” she
said as she put the phone down. She looked towards the
stairs. “Sasami, your friend Yui is on the phone.” she
shouted up. She then heard Sasami rushing to the
stairs. She practically flew down the stairs and into
the living room.
        Ayeka smiled at her little sister. She handed her the
phone and Sasami grabbed it. “Thanks, Sis.” Sasami
said with a smile. The little princess then pressed
the phone’s head piece to her ear and immediately
emerged into a conversation with her friend.
        Ayeka sighed and turned back for the couch. Before
she even talked to Sasami about her idea she would
look for a job and an affordable place to live in. But
she didn’t even know where to look. She sighed as she
sat there thinking of what to do.
        She then noticed the current day paper scattered out
on the coffee table in front of her. She guessed that
Ryoko had already gone through it for the day. Ayeka
had also noticed that Ryoko seemed more mature these
days. Life was simple yet dull to the space pirate.
But instead of reeking havoc on the Masaki house hold
she looked for a job and took care of her daughter.
Ayeka was very amazed at the change that had taken
place. She couldn’t tell what had caused it either.
Was it because of the war, or was it because Tenchi
had admitted his love for her, or was it because of
Rinoa’s passing on? She didn’t know. It could be one
or the other, or even all the above.
        She heard Sasami hang the phone up. She then watched
the girl run up the stairs and back to her room. Ayeka
shook her head and then leaned over to the table. She
grabbed a section of the paper. It was labeled
Classifieds. She began to skim through the page. She
had noticed that it consisted of job findings. She
smiled and settled back down on the couch.
        This was what she was looking for. As she read
through she got a disgusted look on her face. Most of
the good jobs needed a college education. Sure Ayeka
had the intelligents of a college graduate but people
wanted the proof from what school they came from. She
through the paper down with a grunt.
        Now she knew why Ryoko had been getting so inpatient.
But she also knew that being a salesperson needed at
least two years of college education on sales and
stuff like that. How was it possible that Ryoko had
gotten a job? She did want to worry about it right now
though. Probably had something to do with Washu. She
shrugged it off.
        The more she thought about this, the more
non-relevant it became. She then got a look of
concentration. Then a thought snapped into her mind.
Maybe she should just go back to Jurai. Besides, her
parents could use the help rebuilding what ever damage
Tokimi caused. (Yesh, I know, it is getting boring....
Well, I’ll try to make it more lively! V.V the thing
is... I need a good action packed plot line.... Here
goes nothing!)

        Tenchi and Ryoko had already brought Mayuka home now.
It had been at least an hour since they got home.
Tenchi had mentioned something about him and Ryoko
going out on a date that evening. So it has been about
a half an hour since they had been getting ready.
        Tenchi walked down the stairs and onto the main level
of the house. He walked over to the couch and sat down
next to Ayeka. She looked over to him and looked at
what he was wearing. He wore a nice pair of tan slacks
and a dark green coloured collared shirt with black
dress shoes.
        She couldn’t help but still get a bit upset about
Tenchi’s love for Ryoko. She looked away from him.
“Tenchi, why did you chose Ryoko?” she asked quietly.
Tenchi looked over to Ayeka with a slightly confused
look. He thought that that whole subject about him and
Ryoko had already gotten all tossed in the air like
yesterday’s news. (If you catch what I mean oO....
<(^.^<) Jiggaly Puff! eep! that came from nowhere...)
        He knew why. He loved her and her only. He tried to
think of how to put it. He looked away from her and to
the floor as he leaned forward, clasping his hands
together. “Well Ayeka, when you love someone...” he
trailed off not knowing what to say. “When you love
someone you can’t imagine being with anyone else.” she
finished for him. He nodded his head. That was pretty
much it. She had nailed it right on the dot. “Pretty
much.” he said quietly.
        Ayeka then took in a deep breath. “Well, I hope you
two have a good life together.” she said, breaking the
small pause of silence. Tenchi looked to Ayeka and
blinked. “What do you mean?” he asked. A small smile
appeared on her face. “I’m going home.” she answered.
        Tenchi then looked away. He remembered what Ryoko had
told him in the war after he had told her that he
loved her. She said something about Ayeka saying that
she would go back to Jurai if he had loved another
woman. He was sort of expecting this to happen.
        “Tenchi, I’m ready!” Ryoko said from the top of the
staircase. Tenchi turned to look at Ryoko, who was
descending the stairs gracefully. He was in pure awe
at her beauty. She wore a long red dress that sparkled
with her every movement. Two slits ran up along the
side of her legs, allowing more movement for her to
walk. Her hair was pulled back, her bangs still
falling loosely over her eyes. She had on a light
shade of pink lipstick also.
        He stood up from the couch and continued to look at
her. She only smiled brightly at him as she neared
him. “Ryoko, you look beautiful.” Tenchi said, still
amazed at how she looked. Ryoko smiled even more when
she heard that from him.
        Ayeka just looked at the two with a smile. She knew
that they would be happy together. “Well, I’ll watch
Mayuka,” she started. “You two have fun” she finished
with a happy sigh.  Ryoko nodded to the princess with
a small smile. “Make sure Mayuka is in bed by 8
o’clock.” she told Ayeka. Ayeka nodded then waved at
them. “Go on, have fun.” she said reluctantly.

        It was about an hour after Tenchi and Ryoko left now.
Ayeka and Mayuka were both sprawled out on either end
of the couch. They were watching some movie that was
on a movie channel. They both wore there PJs and there
was a bunch of candy wrappers and chip bags
everywhere.
        Sasami was also with them, lying on a blanket that
was spread out on the floor. She was munching on some
popcorn that was in a bowl to the right of her. They
all seemed to have been having some fun.
        Earlier that evening they had been playing multiple
games, dress up (By Sasami’s suggestion) and other
girlish things like that. It was as if they were
having there own little sleep over party. Of Mayuka
had enjoyed it all. She hadn’t had any fun like that
with anyone before. It was all new and fun for the
little girl. Mayuka had fallen asleep now and no one
really noticed this yet.
Ayeka then looked over to the girl and smiled. Mayuka
was nicely curled up holding her stuffed tiger that
was redundantly named... Tiger.. (Um actually that
stuffed animal is mine in real life.. >.>) Ayeka then
got up slowly and moved over to her. She carefully
picked Mayuka up and stood up. She told Sasami that
she going to put the girl to bed and then went up the
stairs soon after.
        After a matter of moments Ayeka had returned and sat
down on the couch. She sighed some and looked down at
her sister. “Sasami, I... I’m going to go back to
Jurai..” Ayeka then said suddenly.
        Sasami turned to look at her sister. She seemed a bit
shocked at that. “Why? Aren’t you happy here?” she
asked, her voice sounding a bit upset. Ayeka gave her
little sister a reassuring smile. “I just don’t fit in
anymore.” she said plainly. Sasami looked away for a
second then looked back to Ayeka. She sighed some and
the conversation continued between the two. (If I keep
going I’ll bore you people so I’ll stop while I’m
ahead....)

        It was later in the evening now. The couple had been
enjoying every minute of it too. First Tenchi had
taken Ryoko to a fancy American like restaurant called
Jake’s. They both had enjoyed a lovely steak dinner
and fine whine.
        Ryoko was holding Tenchi by his right wrist as they
hurried along Station Park. He had said that once they
reached the fountain that he wanted to talk to her
about something very important. Of course when he
mentioned it, they where driving down to Jake’s.
        She was more than anxious to hear what Tenchi had to
say. He had mentioned that it was a surprise too. She
loved surprises. Especially from Tenchi. He usually
had something fun or good stored in mind when he
mentioned surprises.
        Ryoko had slowed down some and he put his right arm
around her waist. She rested her head on his shoulder
and had a relaxed smile on her face. The moon was high
and the night air was cool and calm. It was a perfect
night for what Tenchi had planned. Calm and peaceful.
He could hear the crickets chirping in a soft melody
too.
        They soon reached the fountain and they stopped.
Tenchi turned a bit to face his love. He had an
adoring smile on his face. It was the kind of smile he
gave her when he said that he would love to have
children with her. So loving and full of devotion. It
should have tipped off something to Ryoko but it never
did. She was to busy admiring Tenchi to notice.
        He took Ryoko’s hands gently in his. “Ryoko, I wanted
to ask you something important. It could change our
lives altogether.” he said. He felt his heart begin to
beat faster after he said that too. He then got down
onto one knee and looked up at her. He pulled out a
small navy blue ring box and held it up for her.
        She knew the significance of this as soon as he
kneeled down onto his right knee. She was breathless
at this too. “Ryoko, I love you with all my heart and
so much more. I have protected you in the past and I
want to continue to do so in the future.” Ryoko felt a
warm tear slowly running down her face. She couldn’t
believe this was happening either. “So, I want to ask,
will you marry me?” he finally asked as he opened the
box.
        Inside was a golden ring toped with a diamond shaped
diamond. It twinkled in the moonlight as Ryoko stared
at it. It was the most beautiful thing she had ever
seen. She couldn’t believe that Tenchi had proposed to
her either. It felt like it something out of a dream
to her, but she felt that this was to real to be a
dream. This feeling came along to her even when she
already knew this would happen sooner or later.
Actually she wasn’t really sure if it would have or
not.
        Ryoko couldn’t say anything. Her words where being
choked as yet another tear slowly made it’s way down
her face. She finally gave up with the words and
nodded. She then slowly fell to her knees and grabbed
him in a hug. “I would love to be your wife, Tenchi.”
she said in between sobs of happiness. Tenchi wrapped
his arms around her now. She said yes. His heart must
have skipped at least three beats too.
        He planted a kiss on her cheek. He then looked up to
the sky and thanked god that the woman he loved would
marry him. After all they had went through together.
It was like living in hell. Kagato, Clay, Yuzuha,
Tokimi and her war, and the return of Kagato. It was
all worth it to know that Ryoko would become his wife.
        Ryoko had let go of him now. She wiped the tears away
from her face with her right hand. She sniffed
slightly. He took the ring out of it’s box and gently
put it on her wedding finger. She wiped the tears from
her face yet again as she felt more slowly slip down
her cheeks. She then examined the ring in the light
provided by the moon.
        This was the most perfect ending to the already most
perfect night. She was now engaged to the man she had
loved for what seemed like an eternity. She looked to
her fianceé and smiled at him. He smiled back as he
leaned in, pressing his lips against hers. He then
tenderly kissed her.
        She slowly slid her arms around his neck. She felt
him put his arms around her waist and brought her
closer to him. She had loved this man for a long time
and now nothing could take him away from her. There
might have been a time when she never wanted to fall
in love with someone but that had all changed when she
met him.
        Tenchi released her and pulled away from the kiss. He
smiled at her lovingly as she did him. He remembered
that once upon a time he would have never thought
about being with Ryoko let alone marry her. But that
was a simple scared farm boy that didn’t know what
love truly meant. Now that boy had long since
disappeared and the man that he had became thought
differently about the space pirate. He would give up
anything and everything to be with her and his
daughter. They meant the world to him and they would
all be family for the rest of their lives.

More Notes: o_o well, not the longest story I have
ever written. But of course, I can’t write stories all
that well with out it having some epic plot and so on.
O_O I don’t know why that is either.... Well, anywho,
I guess I will continue my writings of this fabulous
series, neh? Yesh.... Well c-ya all! comments go to:
the_demon_sumoner_ryoko@yahoo.com and label the
subject Eternal Love comments, no da? (Translations,
Neh= no, no da= You know. Just incase a couple of
people didn’t know that.... >.>)
.