Well, I guess I'll start with a-
Disclaimer: Pioneer and AIC own Tenchi Muyo, and almost all 
characters used in this story. I'm simply using them in a story for my 
own personal enjoyment and am 
making no money whatsoever from writing this story.  So please, please 
don't sue me. However, I own Iain (pronounced E-an) and Chris, and will 
be very unhappy if anyone uses them.

Also, I am basing this story off of the OAV, because I like the story concepts 
of the OAV better.  However, I've only seen OAV episodes 1-7. I've 
mostly watched the TV series on Toonami.  Everything that I know about OAV 8-13 
I've learned from reading fan fiction. So, if I goof up, let me know.  
This is my first epic fan fic, so I need feedback. 

Now that that's over, I give to you:

Tenchi Muyo!
No Need for Eternal Conflicts
Chapter 2: No Need for American Visitors

	Ryoko phased through the floor of Ayeka's room, down into the kitchen, and 
yelled, "Sasami, I need some food for your sister!"  Then she stopped, and 
stared into the dining room.  Seated around the table were Washu, Mihoshi, and 
two boys around Tenchi's age who she had never seen.  One, a boy of about 5'9", 
with dark brown hair and bright blue eyes, was openly gaping at her.  The other, 
a very handsome young man of about 5'7" with black hair and strange gray green 
eyes, was simply looking at her with one eyebrow raised.  Washu shook her head 
and sighed, and Mihoshi was her usually cheerful self.
	Sasami poked her head out of the kitchen, looking surprised and curious.  
"Okay Ryoko. What happened?"
	Ryoko felt a little nervous, because she didn't want Sasami to know she 
had almost killed the little princess’s sister.  "Well, Sasami, we got in a 
little fight and Ayeka got tired.  She's fine, she just needs some food and some 
rest."
	"Okay!" Sasami said cheerfully. "I'll get a little food together.  I was 
making some refreshments for our guests, anyway!"
	She popped back into the kitchen.  Ryoko stood there for a moment.
	"Did your little fight have something to do with those explosions we saw 
on our way here?" a voice said in flawless, though accented, Japanese.
	Ryoko looked up.  The black haired boy was looking at her expectantly.  
Ryoko glared.  "What's it to you?"
	Mihoshi looked shocked.  "Ryoko, they're our guests!  Be polite!"
	Ryoko glanced at Mihoshi, then looked back at the boy.  "Probably.  There 
could have been more then one fight causing explosions around here, but not 
likely."
	The boy nodded, then glanced at Mihoshi, who jumped, and said, "Oh, 
sorry!  Chris, Iain, this is Ryoko!  Ryoko, this is Christopher Gramyre" she 
motioned to the black haired boy, "and Iain Caduceus."  She motioned to the 
brown haired boy.
	Iain smiled nervously and said, "Uh, hi."  Then he blinked and looked 
amazed. 
	Ryoko laughed.  "What's the problem?"
	He looked back at her. "Huh? Oh, um, I'm not used to speaking Japanese.  
Miss-er, Little!- Washu put this weird helmet on my head, typed on her computer 
a little, and suddenly I could understand what everyone was saying." He said 
this sounding slightly awed, then looked at Washu with a similar expression.  
	Washu smirked and said, "Nothing to it for the greatest (and cutest) 
scientific genius in the Universe!"
	At that point, two dolls made in the form of Washu appeared on her 
shoulders.  One yelled "Washu, you're the greatest!" and then the other yelled, 
"Washu, you're a Genius!!" Then both dolls disappeared. (Author's note: C'mon, 
don't tell me you didn't see it coming.)
	Iain and Chris stared at Washu, and blinked twice.
	At that point Sasami poked her head out of the kitchen and called, "Ryoko, 
the food is ready!  It's on the counter in there."  She walked out of the 
kitchen with a platter containing cups of tea and various small food items.
	Ryoko flew through the kitchen wall.
	Iain looked after her nervously.  In fact, he'd seemed nervous since he 
had arrived.  Sasami gave his a curious look as she sat the platter down.  "Mr. 
Caduceus, what's the matter?"
	He started.  "N-nothing!  I'm fine!"  He seemed sincere.  
	Chris smiled at Sasami.  "Iain is always like this, Miss Sasami.  He 
doesn't even realize it."
	Iain glared at Chris.  "What's that supposed to mean?"
	Sasami giggled.  "Okay, Mr. Gramyre!"  She started to serve everyone.  
Iain eagerly took a cup of tea. Chris was more dignified about it.
	Chris continued to smile, and said, "Please, Miss Sasami, call me Chris."
	Iain nodded as he sipped his tea.  "And call me Iain, would you?"
	Sasami smiled. "Okay. In that case, you can call me Sasami!" 
	Suddenly a surprised voice said, "We have guests!"  Everyone looked up, 
and saw Tenchi walk in with a basket of carrots, and Ryo-Ohki on his shoulder.
"Hello," said Tenchi, "I'm Tenchi Masaki.  My dad owns this house.  I see Sasami 
has taken good care of you."  He beamed.
	Chris stood, and pulled Iain to his feet as well.  Iain made a small 
"Uhrk!" sound, being in the middle of sipping his tea, but managed to avoid 
spilling it, more or less.  Chris said, "Hello..." he paused for a moment, 
trying to decide of the right title, then continued with, "Lord Tenchi.  We are 
honored to be your guests.  I am Christopher Gramyre, and this is my friend and 
companion, Iain Caduceus."
	Tenchi laughed.  "Well, I'm honored to *have* you as guests, Chris and 
Iain.  But I’m not a lord. Just call me Tenchi."
	Chris blinked, showing some slight surprise, and Iain frowned, perplexed.  
He said, "B-but I..."
	Interrupting smoothly, Chris said, "Well, we were of the understanding you 
were actually a prince."
	Tenchi stared at them a moment, then glanced at the girls.  They all 
looked surprised and perplexed as he was.  He looked back at the two boys.  
"Well, I don't know what gave you that idea," he said as he scratched his head 
nervously.
	Chris pursed his lips.  "Well, I may as well tell you why we are here."  
He thought for a moment.  "Iain and I, as well as another friend of ours, have 
been aware for sometime of, well, unnatural occurrences around us.  We have had 
several encounters with beings not of this earth. We have used certain skills 
and items to which we have access to deal with the hostile ones, and have allied 
ourselves with the ones that are friendly to humans.  It is one of these-"
	He cut off suddenly as Ryo-Ohki walked out through the closed back door. 
	"One of these friendly beings, whom we term ‘The Dragon’," he continued, 
as though nothing had happened, "has access to strange powers that seem rather 
unique, and was able to give us what I can only term a 'prophesy'.  Through this 
'prophesy' we were directed to make a trip to Japan, and to learn fighting 
techniques from a 'Prince Yosho Jurai' and a 'Prince Tenchi Masaki'.  I was also 
to learn about certain powers" at this he frowned "that I possess, from one 
'Little Washu,' who I believe we have already met. However, that is all we 
learned."
	Tenchi, Mihoshi, and Sasami looked at him amazed. Washu was looking at him 
with glittering green eyes.  "Learn about powers, hmmm?" she said evilly. "I'd 
be happy to help learn about your powers. I didn't think you were a normal 
Terran.”
	Chris looked nervous for the first time. Iain's eyes went wide, and he 
inched his chair away from the little scientist. Tenchi quickly spoke up. "Well, 
okay, then. I don't know how much I can help, but I'm sure grandfather can.   
I'll take you to him. Let me put these carrots away, and I'll meet you outside."
	Chris smiled and nodded. "We thank you. Let's go, Iain," he said as he 
grabbed his companion and pulled him outside. The look on Iain's face caused all 
three girls to crack up laughing.

		Ayeka lay in her futon and stared at the ceiling. <I feel so 
strange,> she thought. <I think I might be in shock. I’ve never been defeated 
like that before. I didn’t realize how powerful she was with only one gem. I 
wonder... Has she been holding back all this time? She must have been. Except 
for at the spa, when she summoned the monster, she must have been holding back 
in every fight we’ve even had. I knew she was powerful, but I always felt we 
were even if she only had one gem.>
	Ayeka shook her head and tried sitting up. She did so with surprising 
ease, and realized that she felt much better. <It doesn’t matter. I think that 
I’ve been going about this the wrong way anyway.>
	Just then Ryoko phased through the floor with a tray of food. “Um, here 
you go- Ayeka? You shouldn’t be sitting up!” 
	Ayeka actually smiled at her rival (in a nice way). “It is alright, Ryoko. 
I’m feeling much better. Thanks for the food.” Ryoko stared at her, wondering 
if she’d had her head injured in the fight. Ayeka looked at herself and realized 
she was still in her battle gear, and quickly shifted out of it. She looked back 
up as Ryoko set the tray down next to her futon.
	Ryoko said nervously, “I’ll just be going. Yell if you need anything.”
	Ayeka smiled and said, “I think I’ll be okay, Ryoko. I’ll just eat this 
food. Could you stay and talk to me for a minute, though?”
	Ryoko stared at the princess. <Her pupils aren’t dilated,> she thought. 
<Maybe Juraian eyes don’t do that when one has a concussion, though.>
	Ayeka was busy eating some rice. She looked up to see the perplexed look 
on Ryoko’s face, and laughed. “I’m okay Ryoko. I just want to ask you a couple 
of questions. 
	Ryoko blinked, and said, “Okay, princess, shoot.”
	Ayeka smiled again. “Right. First of all, I’m sorry I pushed you. It 
Obviously, as you would say, pissed you off. Could I ask why?”
	Ryoko again felt surprised, and considered her answer. Finally, she said, 
"I can't stand being pushed, princess."
	"Why not?"
	Ryoko looked at her for a second, then decided to answer. "Being pushed 
reminds me of when they first put me in the cave. When Yosho took my last gem, 
it knocked me out, but I woke up before they put me in that damn cave. When I 
awoke I wasn’t under Kagato’s control anymore, which was such a shock I could 
barely function. So I was awake, though barely, when they threw me into that 
cave, and on the way I was pushed and pulled a lot to keep me moving.” 
	Ayeka felt bad when she heard that. “I am sorry, Miss Ryoko. I’ll never 
push you again.”
	Ryoko looked down at her. “Thank you Ayeka.”
	They were both silent for a moment. Then Ryoko said, “You know what, 
Ayeka? We should call a truce. I came way too close to killing you today. 
That scared me. I don’t want to kill you, princess, no matter what I sometimes 
say. We both know that we both love Tenchi, whether you admit it or not. We love 
him because he is wonderful, kind, just, and handsome, and he accepts everyone 
for what they are. I think we should trade off. On even days of the month, I 
will leave you and Tenchi alone. That means you can do whatever flirting you 
want with him and I-” she swollowed hard, “won’t glomp on him, or enter his 
room, or his bath, or whatever, or try to seduce him, or anything else that 
pisses you off. And on odd days of the month, you leave me and Tenchi alone, 
which means no bugging us when I’m doing my things with him.” Evil grin at this.
	Ayeka pursed her lips, then said, “You know Ryoko. I was thinking almost 
the exact same thing. Except-“
	Ryoko cut her off with a grin. “You were gonna say that *you* got the 
odd days, because some months have thirty one days, and whoever has odd days 
will get two days in a row.”
	Ayeka looked surprised, then laughed. “I really need to stop 
underestimating your intelligence, Ryoko. Fine, I guess you proposal seems 
reasonable. However, on the days that aren’t ours, we should still be able to 
talk with Tenchi, and things like that. Just no interrupting each other,
and as you said, no glomping or seducing.”
	Ryoko smiled. “You know, though, all our fights sure have kept me in good 
shape. We should keep sparing.”
	Ayeka smiled as well. “Very true. I guess we could do that.
	“Great. Then we agree.”
	“Yes, we do.” 
	The two shook hands.

	Iain Caduceus stood nervously in the Masaki's yard, and looked around. He 
happened to be looking at the roof when the cyan haired lady called Ryoko 
floated right through it. He gaped, tugged on Chris's sleeve, and pointed. Both 
boys looked at Ryoko as she stood on the roof. Then Ryoko noticed them, and she 
leapt down, landing with cat-like grace directly in front of them.
	Ryoko looked at them, trying to remember their names. "It's Iain and 
Chris, right?"
	They exchanged glances, and nodded. Chris then spoke up. "You seem rather 
unique, Miss Ryoko. May I ask where you are from?"
	Ryoko's eyes narrowed. “Why do you want to know?”
	Chris shrugged. "I'm simply curious. I asked the three ladies in 
there-" he nodded towards the house, "and only got one satisfactory answer. 
Little Washu was very vague. She went into a long talk about everywhere and 
nowhere and subspace and parallel dimensions, but she never came out and said 
where she was from. Miss Mihoshi didn't seem to remember the name of the planet 
she is from, she seemed to be getting the numbers and letters confused. Sasami 
gave the only direct answer. She claims she is a princess from the planet Jurai, 
though I've never heard of a princess who cooks quite as well as she does. What 
I have gathered is that you're all extra-terrestrial's, more or less."
	Ryoko blinked, and Chris pursed his lips. "Sorry, I tend to ramble on 
occasion."
	At this, Ryoko laughed. "Yeah, I can tell. I was actually created by 
Washu. She’s never told me where she did it."
	Iain blinked. "So you're one of those test tube babies."
	Ryoko laughed. "Yeah, you could say that. Well, if you boys will excuse 
me, I have things to do." With that she flickered out of sight.
	They glanced at each other for a moment, not having much to say, then 
simple went back to waiting.

	Ayeka finished her food, relishing every bite. As she ate, she thought a 
little more. 
	<Wow. Everything is going to be different suddenly. That’s okay. No 
problem. I’m a princess, I have total self control. I won’t mess with Ryoko, and 
on odd days, and if she messes with me or Tenchi on even days... well, I’ll deal 
with that if it happens. I don’t think I’ll have to worry, though. She’ll keep 
her word.> 
	Ayeka walked downstairs, carrying the tray. She walked into the dining 
room, and found Mihoshi, Washu, and Sasami sitting at the table drinking tea. 
Sasami got up when she entered. "Ayeka! You're up! Are you feeling better? 
Did you like the food I made for you?" The little princess's face was full of 
concern for her older sister. 
	Ayeka smiled at her. "Yes, Sasami, I'm feeling much better. The 
food was very good. I enjoyed it immensely. Thank you." 
	Sasami looked relieved and smiled. “That’s good. Where are you going?”
	Ayeka paused. “I’m looking for Lord Tenchi.”
	“Oh, Tenchi just went outside,” Sasami said, pointing to the door.
	Ayeka continued through the room and stepped outside.
	Washu probably would have said something to Ayeka, but was busy explaining 
the basic facts about America to Mihoshi, which was a tiring activity, even for 
the universe’s greatest genius.
	Immediately, three faces looked up and stared at her. One was Tenchi's, 
full of clear concern, and it made her heart flutter. The other two, she had 
never seen before. 
	Tenchi glanced at his two companions, then at her, and said, "Hi, Ayeka. 
You're feeling better?" She simple nodded in response, though she felt a thrill 
at the concern in his voice. "Well, we have some guests." He motioned to the two 
boys next to him. "This is Christopher Gramyre, and this is Iain Caduceus. 
They've come from America to train with my grandfather and me." He smiled a 
little nervously at her. He turned to the two boys, and motioned to her. "This 
is First Princess Ayeka, of the planet Jurai."
	Ayeka blinked, then decided Ryoko had probably given them away. "I'm 
honored to meet you. I don’t get to meet many locals. Everyone here, except 
Tenchi’s father, is at least part non-Terran.”
	The two boys exchanged glances, then nodded and smiled at her. “Well,” 
Iain said, “we’re happy to help. I know I’m a full Earth guy. We don’t know 
what Chris is yet.”
	Chris looked at Iain with narrow eyes, and said, “Funny.”
	Then he turned to Ayeka with a charming smile. “I admit, I have abilities 
that most normal people on this planet don’t possess.”
	Iain leaned toward her conspiratorially. “His most dangerous power is the 
ability to, whenever he talks, sound like he is making a formal speech.”
	Ayeka laughed, and smiled at the two boys. She had a good feeling about 
these two. They seemed sincere in what they did. Ayeka considered herself an 
excellent judge of character (surprise). She then looked at Tenchi, who seemed a 
little less ill at ease now that she had seemed to be okay. She asked, without 
thinking, “Could someone please tell me what the date is?” 
	This produced three very amusing expressions of confusion, and she had to 
work hard to keep herself from laughing. Chris glanced at Tenchi, then started 
to say something, but Iain looked at his watch and said, “It’s the fourteenth.”
	She was glad about that, and smiled broadly. They all looked at her, and 
then Tenchi said, “Miss Ayeka, have I ever mentioned that you have a really 
beautiful smile?”
	Ayeka felt very surprised for a moment, and then she *really* smiled. 
“Perhaps, once or twice. Thank you, Lord Tenchi.”
	Tenchi’s breath caught in his throat, then he said, “Y-you’re welcome.”
	Still smiling beatifically, Ayeka stepped off the porch, took Tenchi’s arm 
(one of the most forward things she had done towards him since the day in the 
cabin) and said, “Well, Lord Tenchi, shall we bring our honored guests to meet 
my brother?”
	Tenchi nodded, and said to the two Americans, “Please follow us.”
	They exchanged glances, then both gave a funny, forced seeming grin. Chris 
said, “Right behind you.”
	They started off, the Americans still forcing grins. Chris leaned over and 
whispered to Iain. “So this Yosho guy is Tenchi’s grandfather and Ayeka’s 
brother, but Ayeka is obviously into Tenchi in a major way.”
	Iain nodded. “Yeah. Kind of scary. But, what do we know when it comes to a 
bunch of Strangers. Especially when they are all kinds we’ve never encountered 
before. Let’s give Ryan a ring with that junk he gave us, and see if he or 
The Dragon know anything about Juraians.”
	Ayeka turned her head at this point and gave them a look. “Were you two 
saying something?” she asked suspiciously. Before Chris could say something, 
Iain said, “Only commenting on what a cute couple you two are.”
	Ayeka looked pleased, blushed, and smiled at the same time, and Tenchi 
kind of gave a little jerk, and sweat formed on his brow. He turned his head to 
look at them, started to say something, then seemed to think better of it. They 
all continued their trip up to the shrine.
