Rising from the musty depths of the Fanfiction Archive comes a:
Disclaimer: Pioneer and AIC own Tenchi Muyo, and almost all 
characters used in this story. I'm simply using them in a story for my 
own personal enjoyment and am not only not making money off this story, 
I’m losing money collecting your OAV videos so that this story can make 
sense! So don't sue me, guys, I’m broke as it is.  
However, I actually do own Iain (pronounced E-an), Chris, and Ryan, and if 
someone uses them I’ll cry.

By the way, I am basing this story off of the OAV, because I like the 
story concepts of the OAV better. I’ve finally seen all the OVA, and I've also 
watched the TV series on Toonami. I’ll occasionally have TV series tie ins, like 
Washu’s dolls in the last chapter. I think I know what I’m talking about by now, 
but if I goof up, let me know. This is my first epic fan fic, so I need 
feedback. 

Now that that's over, I give to you:

Tenchi Muyo!
No Need for Eternal Conflicts
Chapter 3: No Need for Demonstrations

	Iain Caduceus collapsed in a heap on the grass. “So, many, stairs...” he 
panted. “Legs, burning... falling, off...”
	Chris Gramyre leaned against a tree, breathing hard. “Yeah. I’m a tad bit 
winded.” He chuckled a little. “And I thought I was in shape.”
	Tenchi and Ayeka looked at each other, then looked down the line of stairs 
that led from their house up to the Masaki shrine that Tenchi’s grandfather 
tended. Then they looked at their guests, and then looked at each other again. 
Finally, Tenchi ventured, “There *are* a lot of stairs, aren’t there?”
	“Yes,” Ayeka replied, “I suppose there are.”
	Iain’s breathing was slowing down by now, and he pushed himself to his 
feet. “I think... that my pulse... is down below a terminal rate now...”
he said, still breathing a little hard.
	Chris looked at Tenchi. “No wonder we’re supposed to train with you. 
You’re probably in better shape than anyone in the world, just because of those 
stairs.”
	Tenchi shrugged uncomfortable. “You get used to them.”
	Ayeka approached Iain. “Mr. Caduceus, are you alright now?”
	Iain took two deep breaths. “I think so. Let me see if I can walk.”
	He took a tentative step and started to shake, as if his legs were about 
to collapse. Chris glared at him and said, “Lay off the melodramatics, Iain.”
	Iain instantly steadied, then he snapped to attention, saluted Chris, and 
said, “Sir, yes sir!”
	Chris looked at him with a blank face. Tenchi and Ayeka gave him very 
puzzled looks. Iain glanced back and forth, then nervously put his hands in his 
pockets and looked at the ground. “Oh boy,” he muttered.
	One corner of Chris’s mouth curled up into a half smile, and he walked 
over and patted Iain on the back. “Iain, you’re a laugh riot. Really. We have 
things to do right now, though.”
	Iain glanced at Chris, and nodded. 
	They both turned to Tenchi and Chris said, “Lead on.”
	Tenchi looked at them for a moment, then said, “Okay. Lets go.” He started 
toward the main building, where his grandfather was no doubt drinking tea, 
writing strange poetry, or both. The rest followed him.

	Sasami was cleaning up the kitchen after the impromptu lunch, with Ryo-
Ohki sitting on her head, when she heard the door open behind her.
	“Hello, Sasami,” said Washu behind her. “Would you like some help?”
	Sasami glanced at her. “I don’t know, Little Washu. I can already see the 
counter. It shouldn’t take me more than another hour. Are you sure you aren’t 
busy?” she said in her usual friendly, cheerful tones.
	Washu frowned and looked at her more closely. “Sasami, were you just being 
sarcastic?”
	Sasami looked back with wide-eyed innocence. “Gee, Little Washu, what gave 
you that idea?”
	Washu looked at Sasami with narrowed eyes. “Okay. I guess I was just 
imagining things.” She picked up some cleaned dishes from the dish drainer and 
started to dry and clean them. Sasami hid a smile.
	They worked for several minutes in companionable silence. Then Washu said, 
“So, do you know what Tsunami is doing?”
	Sasami looked up from her work and frowned. “No. I didn’t know she was 
doing anything.”
	Washu shook her head. “Yes. I was doing some work in my lab, and having 
one of the computers doing routine energy and matter scans. About thirty minutes 
before our guests arrived, it without a doubt detected Tsunami. It was 
definitely her astral pattern and energy signature. They are quite distinct from 
those of any other being in the universe. I looked back at the records after our 
guests headed up to the shrine, and she was at the same place as they were. I 
strongly suspect that she was directing them here. I did a little research, and 
several of the extra-dimensional beings known on this world as dragons have a 
history of working for Tsunami. So I thought that you might have some idea about 
what she’s doing.”
	Sasami shook her head. “Nope. I can’t really keep track of her. She does 
her own things. I guess those guys are pretty important though. She doesn’t like 
to manifest too often. She only does when she needs to do something important, 
so for her to do it just to give them directions means that it’s really 
important for them to be here.”
	Washu nodded slowly, and continued to dry dishes, deep in thought. 

	Tenchi stood at the door to his grandfather’s house and took a deep 
breath. He raised his hand to knock, then jumped about a foot when from inside 
his grandfather’s voice said, “Come in, Tenchi, and bring your new friends with 
you.” 
	Tenchi looked at Ayeka and muttered, “How does he do that? None of us made 
any noise!” Ayeka shrugged, looking clueless, so Tenchi called. “Ok, 
grandfather!” He entered and the rest followed. 
	Katsuhito was kneeling at his table, drinking tea. He looked at the four 
young people in front of him calmly. “Hello. I hope my grandson has taken good 
care of you. You are both from America, correct?”
	Chris nodded. “Yes...” again he paused over the correct form of address, 
“honorable sir. We are. We have come here to Japan to learn from you and your 
grandson.”
	Katsuhito nodded. “Is that so.” He looked at Tenchi, who quickly 
introduced both Americans and explained what he had been told. While this was 
happening, Chris waited calmly and Iain clasped his hands behind his back, 
started to rock back and forth from heel to toe, and tried to whistle. He 
failed.
	Again, Katsuhito nodded. “So you both battle hostile aliens in your 
country. Tell me, are your actions publicly known about?”
	Chris shook his head. “No. Only a few of our closest friends know about 
it. And, in general, we fight extra-dimensional creatures as opposed to extra-
terrestrial.”
	“Mmmm,” Katsuhito replied.
	Chris and Iain exchanged glances, then Iain ventured, “We actually use the 
term Stranger, since some of the friendly ones we deal with don’t like being 
called aliens. I think they’ve seen the movie.”
	Chris rolled his eyes. Katsuhito looked at Iain more closely. “The movie?”
	Iain nodded. “Yeah, the movie. ‘Aliens.’ You know, with Sigorny Weaver?” 
Katsuhito didn’t look impressed. “You... haven’t... seen it, I guess. I’ll just 
shut up now.” He proceeded to do so.
	Katsuhito nodded. “Mmmm... I believe you said that you would like to learn 
from me. I assume you want to learn to fight.” He stood, and said, “So, if you 
would like to follow me, we can start today. Tenchi, please get them some 
training uniforms. Ayeka, you may watch, if you like.”
	Ayeka looked surprised. “Okay, Grandfather.” Katsuhito didn’t often let 
her or Ryoko watch Tenchi’s training.
	Tenchi lead the two boys into the next room to change.

	Washu put the last dish away, and Sasami said, “Thanks, Washu.”
	Washu smiled at her. “Sure thing, Sasami. Ask whenever you need help.”
	“Well, Ayeka or Tenchi will help me a lot.” Sasami shrugged. “So I don’t 
need help that often.”
	“Okay. I’ll help when you need it though.” A thought occurred to the cute 
little mad scientist. “Say, Sasami, do you know if our guests had any luggage?”
	Sasami nodded. “Yeah, I had them put it in the living room. They each had 
a backpack.”
	“Thanks. I was just wondering if I’d have to make some clothes for them, 
since I didn’t see any when I came up.”
	“I think they’re okay,” Sasami said. “They seemed to have what they need.”
	Washu nodded, and wandered back into her lab. She sat down on her cushion, 
and started typing on her phantasmal computer. She finished her command, and sat 
back. After a moment (during which she hummed the Mission Impossible theme) a 
subspace hole appeared, and two backpacks popped out of it. She smiled. 
“Fantastic. Time to see what kind of stuff tourists pack these days.
	She hit another button on her computer, and a desk appeared in front of 
her. She put one of the bags up on the desk and opened it.
	Washu stared. “Wow. A dimensional pocket bag, a lot like the design I 
patented the year before Kagato trapped me. Not many people ever saw those 
designs. I didn’t think this planet had this kind of technology. Their “friend” 
must be from off planet, and must know an awful lot of science. These weren’t 
exactly easy to make,” she commented out loud. 
	She reached into the bag, which was about ten times as large inside as it 
was outside, and started to pull things out. After she pulled out a large wad of 
clothes, a toiletry kit, and several books (“Hmm, ‘The Fall of Hyperion’. Not a 
bad book. Oh, what the hell? ‘Obsidian Butterfly’? What’s this, a 
cheap porn novel?”), she found two photographs wrapped in a towel. They were 
framed,(presumably the towel was to keep them from breaking), and quite nice. 
One was a picture Chris, in a tuxedo, his arms around a very pretty, blue eyed, 
blonde girl in a beautiful formal dress. The other had five people 
in it. One was Iain, leaning back against a wall, with a rather melancholy 
smile. Just to his left was Chris and the blonde girl. Chris’s arms were around 
her waist, and she was leaning back against him, looking happy and very smug. 
Just to Iain’s right, there was another couple, in a similar pose as Chris and 
his girl. The girl was very petite, with blood red hair and shining green eyes. 
The guy was short, lean, and blonde, with steel gray eyes. 
	Washu looked at that picture for several minutes, studying the details, 
especially the blonde boy. She murmured, “*This* must be the friend that they 
mentioned. Interesting. I wonder...”
	She carefully placed the pictures off to the side. A little farther down, 
she pulled out what appeared to be a portable TV, with a flat-screen display. 
“Even more interesting...” There was a keypad on the side. She bit her lip in 
concentration, then typed in several of the keys. She smiled as the screen lit 
up, showing a scrolling display of binary. “Thought so,” she said to herself, 
smiling. Waited for a moment, and then the screen changed, displaying what 
appeared to be a portion of a normal Space Academy graduate laboratory, very 
similar to hers. A moment later, a voice said, “Damn it, Caduceus, it’s the 
middle of the night! This had better-” The voice stopped in mid-sentence, as the 
person who owned the voice, the blonde boy from the picture appeared on the 
screen. He stared out at her.
	“Hello Daemoniko,” said Washu. “It’s Little Washu. Long time no see.”

	Tenchi, Iain, and Chris stood at attention in the middle of the usual 
clearing, garbed in training uniforms. Katsuhito stood in front of them, dressed 
in his own uniform, that of a master. Ayeka stood off to one side, watching with 
interest. 
	Katsuhito looked over them for a moment, then said, “Now then. Iain, in 
what way do you typically combat the creatures that you face?”
	Iain was silent for a moment, then said, “Like this.” He dropped into a 
crouch, then immediately sprang into the air. He sailed up, curling into a ball 
and doing a front flip, twisting at the same time. He sailed straight over 
Katsuhito, and landed behind him, facing him. 
	Iain was rather disconcerted to find Katsuhito already facing him when he 
landed. “Er, that’s about it. Lot’s of evasion. That and if I can get a gun I’ll 
get this whole Lara Croft thing going on, blasting away at whatever I’m fighting 
while I’m jumping over them.
	Tenchi looked at Iain around his grandfather. “You actually play Tomb 
Raider? Ryoko bought it because she liked the story theme, but none of us could 
get any good at it, it had such a weird engine.”
	Iain shook his head. “Oh, no, I don’t play it. I’ve seen it played before, 
but I can’t stand it, myself. Too boring.”
	“Hmmmm,” said Katsuhito.
	“Oh! Sorry,” Iain said, quickly returning his attention to Katsuhito.
	“So your strategy to stay away from them, and your weaponry is typical 
20th Century Earth.”
	Iain thought for a moment, then said, “ Er, yeah.”
	“Katsuhito turned to Chris. “Please come back to this side of me, Iain,” 
he called over his shoulder. Then to Chris he said, “I take it Iain works as 
more of a distraction. You would be the main warrior in your battles.”
	Chris nodded. “Yes, sir.”
	Katsuhito nodded in approval of the honorific. “What is your method of 
combat?”
	Iain grabbed Tenchi’s arm and pulled him away. Tenchi started to ask what 
he was doing, but Iain pointed at Chris, so he turned and watched. 
	Chris closed his eyes for a moment, and then he floated into the air. Out 
of his back grew a number of glowing tendrils, which quickly grew to be ten feet 
long, and to rise and fall in such a pattern that they looked like two great 
white wings, like those of an angel. Then he reached out, and appeared to grasp 
something in the air in front of him. He pulled down, and a sword appeared, as 
if it were being pulled out of an invisible scabbard. It was a normal metal 
sword, not a light sword, except its blade was the same glowing white as his 
wings. The blade came free, and he dropped to the ground, armed and ready for 
battle.
	“Impressive,” said Katsuhito. “Tell me, what do those wings do?”
	Chris thought for a moment. “Well, they allow me to fly, for starters. 
Each ‘feather’ can be used to grasp things, or I can cause them to become sharp 
and they can be used to slash and pierce. I can wrap them around me and they 
will shield me from attacks.”
	Katsuhito nodded. “Mmm. And you can control them? You can call them when 
you want them, at will?”
	Chris returned the nod. “Yes, sir.”
	“Good. Please...cancel your wings.”
	Chris pushed the sword back up into the invisible scabbard, causing both 
it and the wings to disappear. 
	“Thank you. Are either of you familiar with kendo?” Katsuhito asked.
	Both Americans shook their heads. Katsuhito said, “Hmmm. Well, it doesn’t 
matter. I will be teaching you Juraian sword techniques. However, it is not the 
techniques themselves that are important. The greatest Juraian warriors know 
that the true value of the techniques is what they teach you about yourself, 
your body, and your soul. Knowing oneself is the greatest key to being 
successful, not just in battle, but in life. Let us begin.”
	 And begin they did. Ayeka watched as Tenchi and her brother began showing 
the two Americans the basic techniques of Juraian swordplay. She had always 
loved watch Juraian swordplay, even the basics. The advanced forms were truly 
beautiful, in her eyes.
	After about 15 minutes, she heard a familiar sound to her right, and said, 
“Hello, Ryoko.”
	“Hey Ayeka,” came the response. “The old coot’s actually letting us watch, 
huh?” Ryoko cringed slightly and then waved and smiled ingratiatingly when 
Katsuhito looked right at her and raised an eyebrow.
	“Yes, he appears to be.”
They watched for several minutes in silence, having nothing to say to each 
other. Then Ryoko said, “Well, as much as I like watching Tenchi, this is pretty 
boring. Think I should liven things up a little?”
	Ayeka turned her head towards Ryoko and said, “NO, you had better not!” 
but halfway though her sentence, Ryoko disappeared. Ayeka sighed in 
exasperation, and quickly stood. Before she could do anything, though, Ryoko 
appeared in the air above Tenchi, a bokken in hand, and dropped on him with a 
great yell of “BANZAAAAIIII!” Though why she yelled that, we may never know.
	Tenchi looked up in surprise and gasped, “Ryoko!” He managed to parry her 
blow, and she landed, grinning. “C’mon, Tenchi, let’s see if your ‘swordplay’ is 
up to par.” 
	“Ryoko,” Katsuhito said. “Don’t you and Ayeka still have some chores to 
do?”
	Ryoko glanced at him, and said, “Er, yeah. We do.”
	“I think that you had probably better go do them. I’ll see how good a job 
you did this evening.”
	Ryoko nervously scratched the back of her head. “Er, yes, sir, honorable 
Grandfather, sir.” She quickly turned and flew past Ayeka.
	“You just had to liven things up, didn’t you!” Ayeka snapped as she flew 
by.
	Ryoko turned and glared at Ayeka. “Yeah, well, not being a boring person, 
I don’t really like being bored.”
	Ayeka gritted her teeth for a moment, then said, “Just to remind you 
Ryoko, it is an even date.”
	“No, really? I never would have guessed.” Ryoko turned and started 
floating down toward the house. 
	Ayeka followed. “Then why were you bothering Tenchi?”
	“I wasn’t ‘bothering’ Tenchi, I was just livening things up...”
	The two continued arguing until they were out of earshot. Iain and Chris 
exchanged a glance, then looked at Tenchi. Tenchi hung his head and sighed. 
“Those too will never stop fighting.”
	Katsuhito said, “Come boys, let us continue.”

	“Huh?” the boy on the screen said.
	Washu smiled. “Oh, come now, Daemoniko, don’t you remember you’re old 
teacher Washu?”
	The boy’s mouth dropped open. His jaw moved up and down several times, but 
he failed to articulate anything. Finally he managed to find his voice. “WHO the 
HELL are YOU? Where’re Iain and Chris, where the HELL did you get that 
telescreen, and why are you calling me at 3:30 in the BLOODY MORNING?!!!”
	Washu looked at him for a moment, and sweatdropped. “I take it you don’t 
recognize me.”
	The boy on the screen shouted back, “NO I don’t recognize you! Why the 
hell should I?”
	Washu pressed her lips together. “Well, you bare an uncanny resemblance to 
an old student of mine, named Daemoniko. Actually, you look exactly like him. 
That and the fact that your friends seem to be carrying very advanced technology 
for this planet lead me to believe that you might be him. I suppose it would be 
too much to expect that he could survive for 9,000 years.”
	The boy shook his head in apparent disbelief. “Student? Survive 9,000 
years? Huh?!” He shook his head harder. “How old are you, twelve? What the hell 
are you doing with that screen? Where are Iain and Chris?”
	With a frustrated sigh, Washu answered, “Iain and Chris are fine. They’re 
out training with Tenchi and Katsuhito. I’m simply snooping around in their 
baggage because I have insatiable curiosity. I’m actually 20,250 years old, give 
or take a decade. Even for a genius like me it’s hard to be exact after 20 
millennia. I simply wear the body of a child, since it is the most comfortable 
and because I hate the way adults think. It’s better to be a kid.”
	The boy gaped at her for a short time, again, then, in a rather good 
imitation of Dr. Evil, said “Riiight. And you would be, besides insane, I 
mean...”
	Washu closed her eyes, counted to 153,423 (in 2.47 seconds), then opened 
them and said, “I am Little Washu, the greatest scientific genius in the 
universe. Who are you?”
	The boy blinked at her and said, “Ryan Daemon.” His jaw clenched slightly 
and his eyes narrowed. “Writer, mathematician, analyst, and sorcerer 
extraordinaire. Certainly the smartest person in the state of Washington, 
probably in the United States, and possibly in the world,” he said, as if 
defying her to disagree.
	“I knew it!” Washu shouted in triumph. “You must be one of his 
descendants. Maybe even a clone. Tell me, do you consider this telescreen and 
these dimensional bags to be magic?”
	Ryan looked at her worriedly. “Er, yeah. They... would be... magic...” He 
trailed off and nodded uncertainly.
	Washu snorted and said to herself “Hmmph. What else would you expect? 
Doesn’t even know what he’s doing.” She returned her attention to Ryan. “I 
suppose one day you were just wishing you could go somewhere else, just to get 
away from it all, and a door to that lab you’re in just appeared. Am I right?”
	“Yeah,” Ryan all but whimpered.
	Washu nodded. “Is there, perhaps, a family legend about a demon being one 
of your descendants, perhaps to explain the name Daemon?”
	Ryan nodded, too frightened to speak. 
	“Yup. Thought so. Okay, kid, here’s the long and short of it. You are the 
descendant of a mad scientist who came to this planet for reasons I don’t know, 
a long, long time ago. You ended up with the right combination of DNA, 
brains, and whatever else this guy programmed to be the key to his laboratory, 
so it opened for you when you wanted it to. You found out you could work the 
things in the laboratory, though how well, I don’t know, and since it was far 
beyond the scope of any technology you knew of, it seemed to be magic. After 
all, as that ‘science-fiction’ writer, Clarke put, ‘Any sufficiently advanced 
technology is indistinguishable from magic.’ You figured you were the heir of 
some wizard, and considering the powers that your friend Chris possesses, that 
certainly wasn’t a bad guess. I’m telling you right now, though, that what 
you’re utilizing is science, not magic. Sorry to burst your bubble.”
	Ryan nodded dumbly at her.
	She waved her hand in front of the screen. “Hey, kid, you awake?”
	Ryan shook himself slightly. “Yeah, I’m awake. So you’re Washu. And you’re 
from this dimension, not some other one?”
	Washu nodded. 
	Ryan’s brow wrinkled, and then cleared. “You’re a scientific genius, you 
say.” Washu frowned, but before she could snap at him, he held up his hands 
defensively. “I’m not doubting your word. I’m just making sure. Do you have any 
experience with creatures from other dimensions?”
	Washu raised an eyebrow. “Of course.”
	Ryan nodded. “Okay. Do you know anything about...” He hesitated.
	Washu frowned at him again. “About what? I know about damn near 
everything. What do you want to know about?”
	Ryan took a deep breath. “Demons. Hell, or at least a dimension very 
similar to it, is intruding on our world. Iain, Chris, and I are fighting to 
keep these creatures from hurting people, but things just keep getting worse.”


Hey, folks. Just a note, if you want to know what Chris’s wings look like, find 
a picture of the Archangel Tyrael, from the game Diablo II. That is where I got 
the inspiration. If anyone’s getting bored, there might be some action 
in Chapter 4, which I guarantee will be done before 2002. Thanks for reading, 
and feel free to send feedback, good or bad, to mstrshark@aol.com. (C’mon, do 
it. I know you want to. Break the monotony of my day. I’ll appreciate it. 
Really.)
