Eve of Darkness

By Vincent M. 'Max Raven' Eskilsson

Part 1 "Resurrection"

------------------------------

Disclaimer:
All Tenchi Muyo! characters are the property of AIC and Pioneer.
I did not create them, I'm only using them in this fanfic.
I would like not being sued, because my cash for the moment is all
used up on anime.
Eve is a character created by me, so I guess it's copyright Vinnie 1999
on that character and stuff
(i.e., please ask me before you use her in a fanfic).

------------------------------

"Noone can withstand the power of Kain." -Kain

A few cells was all that remained of the once so powerful Kain.
Tokimi looked at the cells, twisting and turning, trying to regenerate 
themselves.
She took the cells in her hand, observed their struggle.
"Perfect", she whispered to herself.

Tenchi was in the carrot patch, as usual these days.
Ryo-Ohki's love for carrots had turned the landscape into the figure
it had today.
 Tenchi didn't have much against working there though.
This one place he could get away from the girls for a moment, be alone
with his thoughts.

 Some time later, he was wandering home, carrying a basket filled with
carrots. 
>Ryo-Ohki sure will be happy<, he thought to himself. 
 Suddenly something crashed into the road, some large black shape.
Tenchi hurried to the crash point to find out what was going on.
Brown-haired, pale-faced woman staggered out from the crater.
She seemed to be around 20, and her hair fell down in a plait on her 
lightblue silk shirt. Her beautiful blue pants, which were made of some
unknown material which reminded of samite, were completely unscratched.
"Are you alright?", Tenchi asked.
The woman put her left hand to her brow, as if she was feeling dizzy.
And then she collapsed in the grass next to the road.
Tenchi stared for a moment, unsure if the sitaution was real.
Then he hurried up to the woman, checking if she was alright.
Her pulse seemed steady, and she was breathing normally.
>She probably just fainted<, Tenchi thought to himself.
He looked in the crater in the road, seeing a black pod of some sort.
It seemed to be some sort of escape pod.
Tenchi looked at the woman again.
>I better take her home.<, he thought, and put his basket down.

 As Tenchi arrived at the Masaki house, Ryoko was standing in the gate,
waiting for him.
She came up to Tenchi, suddenly noticing that he was carrying a woman
in his arms. 
"Who's that Tenchi?", Ryoko asked suspiciously.
"Some girl who crashed nearby.", Tenchi answered.
"Just by coincidence?", Ryoko wondered, not really believing it.
"I guess. Ryoko, could you carry her inside and put her on the couch 
or something? I left my basket down the road."
"Sure", she grumbled.
Ryoko took the woman from Tenchi's arms, carrying her inside.
Tenchi turned around, and went to get the basket.
Ryoko carried the woman inside the house, the woman lying lifelessly in
her arms.
Washu met Ryoko at the door.
"Put her on the couch. I'll handle this. You go make some tea.", Washu
immediatly told her, not giving Ryoko the slightest chance to answer her.
Ryoko put the woman on the couch, and went into the kitchen.
Washu looked at the woman.
"Strange.", she mumbled to herself.
 Minutes later, Ryoko returned with a tea cup and a kettle.
"Thank you.", Washu said, as she took the cup and the kettle from her.
Washu poured tea in the cup, and forced some of the tea down the 
woman's throat.
 The woman immediatly came to, waving her arms like she had been 
poisoned.
"Water! Water!", she managed to say between the gulps.
Washu got a glass of water and helped the woman getting it into her
mouth and down her throat.
"Thank you.", the woman said in relief after swallowing the water.
"What was that?", she asked, a little worried.
"Errr... Just a cup of tea... You liked it?", Ryoko said.
"So it wasn't poison.", the woman sighed out, slightly more relieved.

 Mihoshi and Kiyone came into the room, seeing the girl.
"Who's she?", they both asked in unison.
"We don't know yet.", Ryoko told them.
She turned around, facing the woman.
"So, who are you?", she asked with a low voice.
"I'm Eve. Nice to meet you.", she replied.
"Whatever. So why were you unconscious?", Ryoko asked.
<Liked the tea?>, Eve heard in the back of her head.
<Please, not now, I'm rather busy.>, Eve replied with her mind.
<You don't enjoy my company?>, the voice asked mockingly.
<You sent _me_ here. Don't worry, I will fulfill my mission.>, 
she answered.
<Very well... Carry on, my child.>
<Yes, mother...>
 Meanwhile, Ryoko was waving her hand in front of Eve's face.
"Hello...?!", she said.
Eve snapped her attention back to this reality.
"Sorry, my thoughts started wandering.", Eve answered.
"So why are you here?", Kiyone asked.
"My ship was... Attacked... By some increadibly powerful being. 
I might have been the only one to escape.", Eve replied.
"Where was this?"
"Near Saturn, at least that's what the captain said just before we
were attacked."
"Alright. Mihoshi, get yourself into uniform. 
We've got to investigate this."
Kiyone got into uniform instantly, leaving Mihoshi behind her.
Mihoshi could be heard yelling "Kiyone, wait for me!", as she hurried
after Kiyone.
 Five minutes later, their ship was on it's way to Saturn.

 Tenchi came to the spot where he had left his basket.
He picked up the basket, then saw something in the corner of his eye.
He turned and looked at the crater.
"Strange...", he said to himself.
Where the crater and the escape pod had been, there was nothing left.
It was like both of them had never existed.
Worried, he hurried back to the house.

"Are you sure you're okay?", Washu asked Eve.
"Yeah, I'm alright. I'm just a little dizzy.", Eve answered.
Eve breathed out deeply, and leaned back in the couch.
 Just a couple of minutes later, she was asleep.
"She's exhausted.", Washu said. "Let her sleep."
 With those words, Washu left the room and went back into her lab.
"Yeah, whatever.", Ryoko said, and teleported up to the support beam.

 Sasami entered the living room, on her way to the kitchen.
As she walked past the sleeping Eve, one thought went through her brain.
'Who's she?', she thought.
Sasami went into the kitchen and started cooking, and the smell of food
and cooking started filling the house.

Aeka came out of her room. Walking downstairs, she saw the sleeping
female on the couch.
"I wonder who she is...", Aeka mumbled to herself.
"She's called Eve.", a voice from the support beam answered Aeka.
"Great. That's just what we needed... Another girl running around after
Tenchi.", Aeka said.
Ryoko teleported up beside her.
"She was in an accident of some sort. She'll probably not stay for very
long.", Ryoko suggested.
"Hah, right...", Aeka mumbled.
Ryoko was about to comment, when Eve mumbled something in her sleep.
"Huh?", Ryoko said.
She moved closer to the woman, to hear what she was saying.
"...Tenchi...", Eve mumbled.
Ryoko frowned, and then whispered in Eve's ear:
"He's mine, don't you dare get near him."
"What was that?" 
Aeka had appeared next to Ryoko.
Ryoko was about to tell Aeka exactly what she had whispered to Eve,
when Eve mumbled again in her sleep.
"...No... Please don't... Don't hurt me...", she mumbled with a 
frighthened voice.
"Huh?", Aeka and Ryoko said at the same time.
Eve woke up, and stared at the two women leaning over her.
"What are you doing?", she asked.
"Nothing.", Aeka said, and quickly moved away from Eve.
"Just checking if you were alright.", Ryoko said with a smile, while
she moved back aswell.
"That was very considerate of you.", Eve said, "But I'm alright."
"It sounded like you were having a nightmare.", Aeka said.
"I... I think I was... I think I _was_ having a nightmare.", Eve replied.
"About what?", Aeka asked.
"I... I don't remember...", Eve answered.
 But that was a lie. In her mind, Eve could still hear their screams,
see them being maimed and slaughtered without the mercy that they
so desperately begged for. Then, that bright light which ended it all.
 Then, Washu came out of her lab. 
"So, you feel any better now?", she asked Eve.

The Yagami stopped next to the ship. Outside, it looked completely
untouched.
Kiyone hailed the ship, but noone answered.
"I guess we better go in and investigate.", she said.
As they boarded the ship, Mihoshi wondered about one thing.
They walked down the halls of the ship, heading for the bridge.
"Ummm... Kiyone...", Mihoshi finally said.
"Yes Mihoshi?", Kiyone asked her.
"Just one little thing..."
"Spit it out!"
"If the ship was attacked by some increadibly powerful being...
Uhmm... Where are all the corpses? This ship is as clean as a whistle."
 >She's right...<, Kiyone thought,> There's absolutely nothing here...
No life signs, no bodies, nothing at all.<
Kiyone was starting to wonder if this was a ghostship or something,
set on autopilot by someone who had left it.
They rounded a corridor, and finally saw something.
Bodies.
The floor, roof and walls were covered with the remains of people,
mostly, judging from the guns and their uniforms, soldiers.
"Kiyone, I'm scared!", Mihoshi whimpered.
"Mihoshi, get a grip!", Kiyone screamed at Mihoshi,"Whatever attacked
this ship is gone now!"
"Are you sure?", Mihoshi asked a little nervously.
"Completely sure, Mihoshi.", Kiyone answered her.
But inside of her, she had a bad feeling about the whole thing.
They finally entered the bridge. The corpses had become less in number
as they had approached it, and the bridge itself only had one corpse.
>From what they could tell, it had been the captain of the ship.
Kiyone walked over to the ship computers, who still were active.
She checked the log.
The attacked was logged as it had happened several days ago.
Noone had escaped, according to the ship sensors, and no escape pods
had been launched. There was a final recording made by the ship 
captain, made just before all life signs had disappeared from the ship.
Kiyone played the recording.
"This is captain James Thresh of the military ship Hefaistos. 
We've been attacked by some being... It's powers are incredible...
Everyone else has been killed... God! It's here!!!"
The recording was interrupted, and all you could see was distorsion.
>Military ship? She didn't look like she was from a military ship...
And what about the escape pods? The ship computers said they never
were launched...<, Kiyone thought.
Kiyone didn't like this, she didn't like it at all.

"Ouch! What did you do now?", Eve asked.
"Just a DNA sample, take it easy.", Washu replied.
Eve was strapped to an examination table, with all kinds of strange
machines around it.
"How long do I have to be stuck to this table?", she asked.
"Just a minute...", Washu answered her.
"Washu, what are you doing?", Tenchi asked as he entered the lab.
The whole situation was a little embarrasing for Eve, her being 
strapped to that table, only wearing her panties and bra.
Tenchi started looking the other way when he noticed her.
"Uhmm... Excuse me but...", Eve begun.
"Yes?", Washu asked.
"Well... Why am I only wearing my panties and my bra?", Eve asked.
"I needed to have most of your clothes off so I could make a full
body scan.", Washu answered her.
"Why?"
"Well, just a bit curious..."
"About what?"
"About where you're from. You're very elusive Eve,
and I can't figure out where you're from."
"Fifth Quadrant.", Eve answered her.
"Fifth Quadrant? But that's...", Washu begun, and her eyes grew wide.
Suddenly, Eve disappeared from the table.
"Where did she go?", Tenchi asked.
"Quick, down!", Washu yelled as she pulled Tenchi to the floor.
A burst of some black materia just missed them.
Tenchi stared at the materia as it twisted, changed form, ever 
changing.
Washu tried to pull herself and Tenchi out of the 
way of a second burst, but was caught herself in the materia.
It surrounded her, encaged her, left her imprisoned in it.
"What the hell is going on in here?!", Ryoko screamed as she entered
the lab. 
"Ryoko, look out!", Tenchi screamed, but it was too late.
The black materia surrounded Ryoko, and started closing around her.
Somehow, Ryoko still managed to teleport out of it's grasp.
"Where are you?! Show yourself!", Ryoko screamed.
"Very well...", Eve's voice echoed throughout the lab.
Eve appeared in front of Ryoko and Tenchi.
She wore a black skin-tight dress, and dark energy burned all around her.
Tenchi managed to summon up the Light Hawk Wings, and with a battle 
cry, he charged her.
Just as it seemed as the the blade would cut Eve in half, she was 
3 metres to the left.
Ryoko teleported up behind Eve, and let her blade cut through Eve's 
stomach.
For a while, it looked like Eve was defeated, sinking to her knees.
But then, the wound regenerated, dark materia flourished through the
gaping hole, undoing Ryoko's attack.
A shield of dark materia formed around her.
Ryoko hadn't noticed that some of the dark materia had come up behind
her, and suddenly, she was caught in it's grasp, struggling to get out.
"Tenchi! Run!", she yelled as the materia covered her mouth.
In a matter of nanoseconds, you couldn't see her through the dark
cell-like walls of the dark materia.
 But Tenchi wasn't planning on running away.
He charged Eve, his blade cutting throught her defences.
When he came through the shield, Eve wasn't there.
The shield started closing around him. Tenchi desperately tried to get
out, his blade cutting the shield into shreds, but all his attacks
were in vain. The shield regenerated itself, twisting closer and closer 
around him, finally capturing him.
And then, all darkness around him turned into a bright white light.

<Tenchi...>
A voice in his mind?
He didn't know where he was, everything was so bright around him.
<Tenchi. Are you alright?>
He stood up. For a moment he wondered where he was.
"Are you hurt Tenchi?", someone asked.
He looked around. He had tripped when he was trying to catch the ball,
and his head had hit something hard. 
He looked at the person who had asked him if he had been hurt.
Brown hair in a single plait, a pale face with eyes blue as the ocean.
He reckognised her, but he didn't know why.
"Yeah, I'm alright. I just tripped.", he answered her.
"You're so clumsy Tenchi.", the woman giggled, "You almost pulled me
down with you. Not that I mind."
"Uhmmm...", Tenchi managed to say.
"So Tenchi, when are we going to get married?", she asked him.
"Wha?!", Tenchi exclaimed.
"We _are_ engaged, you know. 
How long will it take for you to decide when?", she asked.
"Well I..."
His mind was jumbled. He couldn't think straight. 
There was something wrong, but he couldn't remember what.

The Yagami dropped Kiyone and Mihoshi off near the house.
They entered it, and went into the living room.
"Tenchi? Sasami? Aeka? Ryoko? Washu?", Mihoshi yelled.
Aeka came walking down the stairs.
"Yes Mihoshi? What is it?", Aeka asked her.
"Where is everyone else?", Mihoshi asked her.
Sasami came into the room.
"What do you want Mihoshi? Could you hurry up? This meal could easily 
get burnt.", she said.
"Oboy! Food!", Mihoshi exclaimed.
"Mihoshi!", Kiyone yelled,"Sasami, where's everyone else?"
"Eve and Washu went into the lab, as I remember it.", Aeka said.
"I'll check it out.", Kiyone said.
She opened the door, and looked in. 
"Hello?!", she yelled.
No answer.
"Washu?!", Kiyone yelled.
Noone answered.
The whole lab was shut down, Kiyone discovered, and there was no trace
of Washu or Eve.
"They're gone.", Kiyone told the others as she came back out of the lab.
"So where is Tenchi and Ryoko?", Aeka asked, "They're not upstairs."
Aeka had checked every room upstairs while Kiyone was in the lab.
Mihoshi had checked outside.
"I couldn't find anyone.", she said.
"Hey Mihoshi, what's that on your shoulder?", Kiyone asked.
Mihoshi noticed the small black thing on her shoulder.
"Eeeeeek!!!! Get it off!! Get it off!!", Mihoshi creamed, 
brushing her uniform like a madman.
Kiyone calmly picked up the thing, and put it into a small plastic bag.
"I'll anaylise this.", she said, "Until we know who's got them, we will
just have to wait."
The door slammed.
"Sasami?", Aeka asked confused.

Sasami was running, running towards Funaho.
She wasn't just going to wait for the person who kidnapped Tenchi and
the others to identify itself. 
As she stopped in front of the tree, she started chanting.
She wasn't going to wait, she was going after them.

Eve's ship shook as a second blast hit it.
>Damn the Galaxy Police!<, she thought to herself.
She aimed her guns, everyone of them on seperate targets.
Another advantage she had, she didn't have any trouble aiming all those
guns at seperate targets at the same time.
The guns fired, and the GP ship was left immobelised, unable to fire,
and unable to communicate, and with major damages to it's hull.
>Sorry about this my friend...<, she thought as she fired another round
at the GP ship, utterly destroying it.
>Easy enough.<, she thought with a grin on her face.
<Grinning really doesn't suit you, you look horrible when you do it>, 
the voice told her.
<It's my life.>, she answered.
<Still, it doesn't suit you.>
<Whatever.>
Eve started to prepare the ship for hyperdrive.
 Then, something else hit it.
>What?<, she thought.
Eve checked the screens, but there was only empty space all around the 
ship, nothing at all seemed to be there.
A burst of energy hit the ship from the seemingly empty space.
<Ah, my sister...>, the voice in Eve's head said, <Prepare to engage 
the booster engines.>
<Is that really necessary, mother? 
I'm sure I could defeat her with ease.>, Eve replied.
<Enough my child. You don't need to defeat her, so don't. 
We don't want Jurai breathing down our necks, however powerful we may 
be. Now go.>
<Yes, mother.>
And with that, Eve engaged the booster engines, leaving Tsunami in
the ship's wake.

Aeka and Mihoshi turned to the door as Sasami stumbled into the house. 
Tears were filling her eyes, and she said, with a tearfilled voice:
"Tenchi..."
 Then she collapsed on the floor, sulking.

They neared the galaxy where Tokimi 'resided' at the moment.
Eve swung back into her chair, relaxing her head in her hands.
"Ahhh... Home sweet home.", she said.
 In the cargo-hold, someone was stirring.
"Continue sleeping Tenchi... Nothing is wrong.", Eve whispered.
As they closed the landing bay, Eve sung a song in Tenchi's mind,
a song about happiness and love.

And inside the Yagami, four familiar letters flashed in front of 
Kiyone's eyes.
"It can't be...", she said in shock.
But it was. The analysis proved it.
And on the screen, you could see the four letters forming the name:
"KAIN"

*************************
*     End of part 1     *
*************************

I hope you enjoyed the fanfic.
Next part will be coming in a while.
Thanks John-Ohki for pre-reading this fic.

Send all flames, comments, suggestions and etc. to:

_8thlegion_max@mail.bip.net

Vincent M. 'Max Raven' Eskilsson