Standard Disclaimer:  It's there just in little teeny, tiny, fine print.  
Trust me.

Ever After

Chapter 2 : No Need for No Needs.

	Sasami regained consciousness, blinking to clear away the salt left over 
from the tears she had shed.  Without moving, she attempted to figure out 
where she was.  The place looked to be all white.  The bed, the walls, even 
the curtain dividing her from the rest of the white room, were of that 
color.  The brightness of the white room was overpowering and hurt her eyes. 
  Unfortunately, she knew that if she closed them, she would fall asleep and 
that was a much worse fate then anything in a white room.
	Voices seemed to creep into the little white area.  One was obviously 
crying.  She, there was no doubt of the sex, was profusely apologizing.  
Another voice was trying to act like a mediator.  Obviously male.  And the 
third voice, female, was angry.  Not that this third voice was talking.  Its 
whole conversation seemed to be made out of hisses.  The person hissing was 
also the closest person to Sasami, forcing the other two voices to keep away 
from where she had been sleeping.
	"Ryo-Ohki" she tried to choke out. It sounded more like a gurgle then 
anything a Jurian would make.  Somehow though Ryo-Ohki heard her and stuck 
her head through the curtain and seeing that Sasami was awake, shouted 
"Miya" and jumped onto the bed forgetting her size and her anger in a 
moment.  Not that it mattered to Sasami, who pulled the overgrown cabbit 
close and hugged with all of her might, crying softly again while stroking 
Ryo-Ohki hair.  She wished that Ryo-Ohki could shrink down into cabit form, 
but knew that would only make more trouble in the long run, even if it did 
soothe for the moment.  After a while of just being cuddled Sasami noticed 
that she was being observed by two other people.  One face belonged to 
Sakura who was sporting thin lines of blood where someone had scratched her 
face with a set of finger nails.  She appeared to have been crying as well, 
long trails of tears crossed her face, clearing and mixing with the blood.
	The other face belonged to a skinny man wearing thick impossible to see 
through glasses.  His expression was that of professional concern.  
Adjusting his glasses he took just a few second glance at Sasami and then 
ducked his head back into the rest of the room, his look of concern replaced 
with that of satisfaction.
	Sakura finally noticed that Sasami was aware of her presence.  For a 
second 
it looked like she was going to flee and then stealing herself slowly 
approached the bed.  She looked a little older then before, as if she had 
aged five years in the last hour.  The way her face was set with worries.  
Ryo-Ohki noticed Sasami stopping the stroking of the brown hair that adorned 
her head.  Looking up, she hissed, and arched her back.  Sakura worriedly 
started to back away from the bed.
	"Shush, Ryo-Ohki."  Sasami scolded resuming the stroking of Ryo-Ohki's 
hair 
till the cabbit calmed and eased back into a relaxed position, still keeping 
a wary gaze on Sakura.
	"I'm sorry Sasami, I had no way of knowing you were claustrophobic.  It 
was 
a harmless joke."  She paused stopping herself from rambling knowing that 
once started would not stop until she was crying again.  "I'm sorry."  She 
bowed waiting for a reply.
	Sasami looked at her new friend over Ryo-Ohki's head before she replied.  
"Don't worry about it."  She forced cheerfulness into her voice trying to 
get back the good mood she had felt earlier.  Letting out a breath Sakura 
hadn't known she was holding happy that her new friend wasn't angry.
	"If you girls are done can I see to your scratches Miss Lee and Miss 
Masaki 
I contacted your uncle and he should be here soon to take you home."  He 
turned and forcefully escorted Sakura out of the curtained area into the 
nurses office.
	Ryo-Ohki was giving Sasami the reproachful look.  The one cats had 
mastered 
when they domesticated humans.  "Ryo-Ohki you need to apologize to Sakura as 
well."  Sasami said threateningly.  As she hugged the oversized and human 
bodied cat.  Taking any bite out of her words.  With one final hug, she sat 
up and eased Ryo-Ohki off of her.  Then straightening her uniform into a 
somewhat respectable manner though far less then that required for a 
Princess of Jurai.
	The curtain parted for Sasami and for the first time she got a look at the 
rest of the nurses office.  It was about what she had expected... white.  *I 
guess there's a law or something.  Though they really should change it.  The 
place hurts my eyes.*
	Sakura was now sporting a number of Band-Aids over her face.  She smiled 
at 
Sasami looking better now that the blood and tears were washed away.
	Noboyuki entered the room looking decidedly out of place in his salary man 
suit.  "Ah Sasami... There you are I've been looking all over for you."  He 
paused, starring at the other people in the room for a second as the wheels 
in his head turned.  "And Ryo-Ohki is here as well.  Doctor is everything 
ok."  The spectacled doctor nodded.  "Then we should be going home."  He 
said trying to hurry the girls along.  His goal now that everything was 
fine, to get home and relax.  This being the first day in a long time he had 
gotten off work early.  Now that Noboyuki was the boss of his own company, 
he seemed to get even less time off from work then before.  But the commute 
had improved to that of just about half an hour.  Also as an added benefit 
using a few gadgets Washu had given him for Christmas he was now one of the 
most demanded and respected architects in the prefecture.
	"Just a moment *uncle.*  Could you and the doctor step outside for a 
second 
please."  Pouring into the command every bit of royal voice she had learned 
from Ayeka, a master at getting people to do what she wanted them to do, and 
knowing her whatever she wanted was in her opinion the best thing for them 
at the time.  For once the voice worked for Sasami and the two men left 
without even trying to put up a fight.
	"Sakura, Ryo-Ohki has something to tell you."  She said still using the 
voice to make sure that Ryo-Ohki wouldn't back out of apologizing.  The 
whole time giving a stern expression to Ryo-Ohki.
	"Ryo-Ohki is sorry that she scratch you.  Please forgive Ryo-Ohki?"  She 
asked grudgingly staring at Sasami.
	"It's ok, I know that it was really my fault.  Ryo-Ohki will you forgive 
me 
for what happened?"  Sakura asked starring at her until Ryo-Ohki had to turn 
and face her.
	"Ryo-Ohki forgive you."
	"Good, now that's out of the way.  Ryo-Ohki and me really need to be 
going. 
  Do you need a ride Sakura."  She said hurrying.  Noboyuki would not be 
that patient in the empty halls of a girls school and that after a few 
minutes he might go searching for the gym or a club room.  She shuddered at 
the thought.
	"No, I can still make the next train.  I'll see you tomorrow Sasami."  She 
left the room allowing the two men back into the nurses office as she 
wandered down one of the already dark hallways.
	"Lets go *uncle.*  We need to stop by the store anyway and pick up a few 
things for this weekends dinner.  After all this will be the first time 
since Christmas that Tenchi returns from college."  She said forcing that 
good thought to the top of her mind.
	"Sasami can't you do that on your way home from school tomorrow."  Whined 
Noboyuki seeing his hoped for few extra hours of off time being sucked away.
	"No, there might be to much to carry especially on the bus."   She replied 
once again resorting to the voice.  Aeka had told her that she should 
practice it while Aeka was away with Tenchi, especially if Noboyuki tried to 
do anything funny.  Sasami had a very good idea what Ayeka would have 
consider funny.  Anything that got in her way.
	"If we have to."  Dr. Tofu heard as the salary man and the young ladies 
wandered down the hall.

***

	"Thank you, Tsunami, for joining us."  The King of Jurai bowed deeply to 
his guardian deity.  He waited a few seconds for her to take a seat and then 
followed her example.  Which was followed by everyone else still standing in 
the room.  Tsunami looked radiant, it was usually hard to believe that this 
body was just an astral projection.  Though today she appeared just a little 
translucent as if her concentration was else where, her perpetual calm face, 
the mirror of Sasami's, a little uneasy.
	  "People, we are here to discuss the same concerns that have been 
discussed for the last three years, this time though we have an extra one to 
add to the kettle.  These meetings are to find solutions to our problems.  
Not to mourn over them."  Azusa paused,  these meetings had been fruitless 
for the past three years and he have found a pressing concern somewhere else 
to avoid this one if not for the disaster earlier today.
	"Admiral Sagami could you please sum up our current situation."  Azusa 
mumbled under his breath.  "In less then two hours for once."
	The Admiral must have heard part of that mumble for his speech the same 
one 
he had made for over two years now, was promptly cut to the bare facts.  "My 
Lady Goddess, My King, honorable and respected members of the Jurian Court.  
Three years ago we took horrible losses against Tokemi's fleet losing 
approximately two thirds of ours.  As you are all aware it takes some twenty 
thousand years for a space tree to grow from a sapling to a fully 
operational battle ship.  With those constraints we are seriously under 
manned.  The home fleet is a tenth of it's original strength and the rest of 
our fleet is on continuous patrol in the warm areas.  Piracy is on the rise 
again and even with the help of the Galaxy Police certain portions of our 
territory have not seen a patrol for months now."  He paused wetting his 
lip.  "You are all aware of this, as you are all aware of how this is 
affecting the trees, there has been an increase in the number of mechanical 
as well as biological components breaking down.  The Lady Tsunami has 
infused the trees with a little more of her self and that has helped lessen 
the problem slightly."  He bows towards her.  "But I fear that this is only 
a stop gap solution.  We need more ships."
	Pulling out a folder marked with the Jurian equivalent of top secret, a 
red 
tree that had shed its leaves, he opened it and pulled out a disc which he 
slid into the central holographic unit.  "What you are about to hear is the 
reason why this meeting has the presence of such agust persons."  The 
hologram projector fired up and a picture of a small craft appeared and 
began rotating in front of them.  The ship was long and thin obviously 
designed for war.  Its shape would have been sleek if not for a number of 
round bulges spaced around the exterior.  "This is an unknown type of craft 
that has been making reconnaissance through our space.  It or it's sister 
ships have been spotted at least four times usually in erratically patrolled 
sections of our space.  It was pure luck that we saw any of them at all.
	"I issued orders recently to the effect that the next time one of these 
ships was spotted it was to be captured.  The Soyokaze interrogated and when 
it received no response latched on to the ship with a force field."
	A  screen appeared showing the Jurian ship's status.  Another display came 
up showing one of the unknown craft being held by a Jurian Force Field.  
Seconds later it was discharging something from it's front.  The missile 
raced towards the Soyokase increasing in size until an explosion was seen at 
the bottom of the camera.  The technical display showed a long red circle 
surrounding the Soyokaze as well as damage to one of its lower roots.  The 
ship freed of the field swiveled around the Jurian ship and like a hound 
taking down a bear began firing missiles and lasers upon the much larger 
ship.  The Jurian ship fired back as well but the shots were just absorbed 
by the opposing ships shield or missed all together.  In thirty seconds the 
enemy ship had exhausted all of its missiles and was relying solely on 
lasers.  Not that it mattered the Jurian ships singularity core had slipped 
its shielding the screen went blank and began showing the circling picture 
of the original enemy ship.
	"The wreckage was searched for survivors their were none."  He grimly told 
his audience.
	"This disaster occurred less then two hours ago.  And we have no way of 
knowing why the Light Hawk Wings were not activated.  We can not afford any 
losses of ships or personnel at this or any time.  According to what little 
data is available, the enemy ship alone would not have been powerful enough 
by itself to take down the Soyokaze if the Light Hawk Wings had deployed.  
Though the data does suggest that it's power was that of about a tenth of a 
Jurian ship.  That is amazingly strong for any ship of that tonnage."  
Admiral Sagami  heard a throat clearing behind him and cut short his speech. 
  Sitting down he once again gave up the chair to his king.
	"This is a very serious matter.  Lady Tsunami would you care to add 
anything."
	"I have seen ships like this before.  A long time ago.  They have appeared 
once every few hundred years for a few weeks and then disappearing as 
suddenly as they arrived but none have ever attacked one of our ships 
before.  Nor have we ever attacked one of their ships before."  A piercing 
gaze directed at the Admiral.  "This worries me."  She concluded.
	"About the Light Hawk Wings not responding.  Is the same thing that 
happened when we fought Tokemi."  The Admiral interjected.
	"No, this was different."  Tsunami answered.  "If you gentle men and 
ladies 
will excuse me I have some important things to do and must leave."  Tsunami 
stood up.  Everyone of course followed her example while she walked out the 
door.  Which thankfully closed behind her allowing the body she was 
projecting to breath a sigh of relief.  It had been unusual for her to 
attend a meeting, any meeting, even though custom required that she be 
invited.  But this was one she had to attend.  It was her fault that the 
Soyokaze had been destroyed.  Tsunami had been watching Sasami.  Feeling her 
joy at her avatar's first day of school.  When she had panicked Tsunami had 
felt that as well and then the unconsciousness had engulfed them both.  She 
had dreamed.  For the first time in her entire existence she had dreamed.  
Dreamed of formless shadows and terrors.  Echoes of Sasami's terror.  But 
unlike Sasami, Tsunami had no way to cope with something this new and vivid. 
  Even worse the Soyokaze had been destroyed because she had been unable to 
provide it with her protection.  Right now the space trees were covering up 
the lapse, but she could feel them.  They were scared as well, scared for 
her and for themselves it was a new experience for both trees and goddess.  
Even worse she could still feel Sasami and somehow now she couldn't stop 
feeling her emotions.  Rather then Sasami merging with Tsunami it looked to 
be the other way around.  Tsunami was experiencing a whole new emotion one 
that she had merged with Sasami to block from that little girl.  She was 
terrified.

***

	"It would seem that after all are hard work at Tokyo.  One day of school 
in 
the boonies paid off with remarkable results."  He took a long drag on his 
cigarette as the rest of his face remained in the shadows.  "We've finally 
found a weak link.  One that should allow us to easily capture one of the 
aliens and hold it hostage."
	"Wasn't a human injured in the procurement of this information."  Another 
person at the table inquired.
	"Not seriously, and the gain far out ways the loss."  A young voice with 
an 
American accent responded.
	"More importantly, has anyone found out the reason none of our recording 
devices function near any of the aliens or their residences."  He said 
stabbing out the cigarette and lighting another.
	One of the men in the rear wearing a white lab coat responded to the 
question.  "No sir, we think that it is intentional though.  We're still 
researching it."
	"This operation still requires more research by all of our departments.  
Their is no need to make a hasty decision.  Recovery team please use the new 
information and come up with a plan around it.  That is all people."  He 
stood and exhaled a cloud of smoke  before leaving the room.

***

	"Hey, Kiyone, do you think Sasami made Sukiyaki tonight."  Mihoshi asked 
grinning at her partner.  As they slowly headed back to Earth after a long 
boring patrol of the Sol System.
	"I doubt it after all she started school today."  Kiyone paused and stared 
at the stars it was always a miracle when she survived a patrol without 
trying to kill Mihoshi.  	"Uh, Kiyone, doesn't the Earth look a little 
weird.  Like a warped window.  Or like you were looking through a glass.  Or 
a ..."
	Kiyone turned her attention back to the monitor to see what her partner 
was 
babbling on about just in time to see the cloaked satellite smash into the 
forward view screen.
	"You know Kiyone I think were going to crash into the Earth again."

Hit the back button on your browser now.

	Hi I thought I'd bore you with my thoughts since I promised myself I'd do 
five pages and I've got all this room at the bottom left.  But hey I'm 
already boring myself.  Please contact me with your criticism at 
STRIKESTWICE@HOTMAIL.COM
This is Vers 2!


