The Everlasting Dream Series: Part One: Sasami's Deep Sleep
By The Unknown DJ

        It had been a long and rather boring day at school for Tenchi
Masaki.
His teacher had ranted on about some tidbit of completely useless
history and it had almost put Tenchi to sleep. Tenchi knew if he did
fall asleep and fell behind in his studies that it would cost him and
he would always regret it, but the man had just never shut up.
        Walking down the path towards his house, Tenchi began to here a kind
of music playing from the direction he was headed. When he reached the
point at where the music was the loudest, he looked up and saw an old
man sitting in a tree that was directly above him. The old man was
dressed in clothes that had been torn and patched. He also carried a
banjo, which had been making the nice melodies. "Hello, My Son. From
where have you come?" asked the man.
        "Uh, I was just walking home from school," replied Tenchi.
        "That I can see, for books you carry."
        "Yeah, well I have to get going now. My grandfather will probably
make
me sweep the steps if I don't hurry home."
        "Then move along, for I will be gone." Then, a black mist appeared
from the tree and formed a big cloud that covered the whole path. The
cloud made Tenchi cough for a couple minutes and his eyes burned so
bad, that tears seeped out of his eyelids. When the misted cleared the
old man was gone. What a strange man, must have also been in a hurry,
thought Tenchi.

        Meanwhile, at the Masaki household, everyone was sitting around and
doing their normal activities for the day. Washu was in her lab,
working on some new invention. Lord Katsuhiro was in the shrine, deep
in prayer. Aeka was taking a bath and Ryoko was sleeping on the couch.
Sasami sat in the kitchen, trying to decide what to make for dinner.
She knew that she wanted to make a big and extremely tasty dinner, but
she had no idea what to make it with. "Miya! Miya!"
A familiar ball of fir jumped into Sasami's arms and started to pull
her usual stunt. "No, Ryo-oh-ki. We had a lot of carrots last night and
you just had a couple a little while ago," said Sasami.
"Miya! Miya! Miya!"
"Ok, I guess I could give you one for a snack. But you had better not
tell Ryoko."
"Miya!"
"Please wait just a minute." Sasami walked over to the refrigerator and
opened the door. As she reached into the vegetable bin, Sasami wondered
how this animal could be a great, fighting spaceship if all she did was
eat. Sasami reached for the carrot, when suddenly a jar of pickles
began to fall from one of the higher shelves. With her quick reflexes,
Sasami stuck her hand out and caught the jar."Whew, that was a little
too close." Next, Sasami closed the door with the carrot in one hand
and the pickles in another. "Ok, Ryo-oh-ki. I got that carrot you…"
Sasami stood there for a second. She knew something was horribly wrong
with the kitchen. The bright of day had turned to the black of night.
The wind howled against the windows as the eerie voice of death.
Sasami… "Who's there? What do you want?" asked Sasami. There was no
answer. That is when Sasami felt the pain coming from her chest.
Sasami looked down at where her heart was and saw a knife in it. Blood
had soaked her clothes and dripped down to the floor. Then, she felt
her back hurt, too. She reached behind her self and felt the knife
protruding through her back. Blood also was dripping there. Sasami…
Sasami… Sasami! Sasami dropped the pickle jar and screamed.

        Ryoko woke up startled. "What was that?" asked Ryoko. She had been
dreaming about the day Tenchi would finally admit that he loved her,
when someone had screamed. It had awoken her so fast that the dream had
faded from her memory completely.
Ryoko got off the couch and noticed that her feet were wet. She
followed the trail of water, which lead into the kitchen. "Oh My God!"
Ryoko looked down to see Sasami lying face down on the floor and a
smashed pickle jar next to her feet. "Sasami, wake up before you cut
yourself." There was no answer. Ryoko slowly turned Sasami over and
checked to see if she was cut or bruised. The only mark or wound Ryoko
could find, was bump on Sasami's head. She probably hit her head the
counter, thought Ryoko. Ryoko heard a slow creek come from the hall.
"Hey could you two tone it down out there. The universe's greatest
scientific mind can't work with your constant screaming."
"Washu, " yelled Ryoko,"Come here fast!" Washu walked into the kitchenc
"What do you… What the hell happened?" asked the stunned Washu.
"I don't know. I was sleeping when I heard her scream," explained
Ryoko.
"Well we had better get her to the lab quickly. I don't think this is a
normal case of epilepsy." As Ryoko carefully picked up Sasami, Washu
began to lead the way.

"Hey, everybody. I'm home!" yelled Tenchi, as he opened the door. "Hey
where is everyone and why does it smell like pickles?" Tenchi heard a
door open from the hallway and Aeka appeared. "Why hello, Lord Tenchi.
How was your… Hey what's that smell?" asked the princess.
"It is the smell of pickles. Sasami must be making a special or
something." Both Aeka and Tenchi walked into the kitchen. All they saw
was the smashed jar of pickles lying on the floor. "Ah, jeez. They
could have at least cleaned up their accident. Miss Aeka, have you seen
Sasami, Ryoko, or Washu?"
"No, Lord Tenchi, I'm afraid I have not. For the last hour, I have been
in the bath."
"I think something is extremely wrong. We had check the lab." Both of
them went down the hallway. At the door, Tenchi stuck his hand out and
knocked. Ryoko opened the door. "Hi, Tenchi, Princess. Come on in."
When they were inside, they lab was in the surrounding appearance of an
infirmary. Sasami lied in a bed, while Washu looked over her and ran
some tests. "Oh, Goodness! What has happened to Sasami?" asked Aeka.
"Well, right now I am running some simple tests that will take a couple
of seconds. Then, I can answer that," replied Washu. After a couple of
clicks on the keyboard, Washu spoke. "Sasami's sense of foresight
really kicked in this time. She went into a trance while getting
Ryo-oh-ki a carrot from the refrigerator. As she stood there, she saw
the future."
"Yeah, but what did she see?" asked Ryoko.
"Simple. Overtime Sasami's bond with the goddess Tsunami has gradually
strengthened. By now, the bond has strengthened so much, that if one
were to die, both would perish. Tsunami, being a goddess, could never
really be in any danger of dying a mortal death, but that is different
for Sasami. Sasami went into this trance, because she not only sensed
her death, but the death of a goddess. That, my friends, is a very
powerful force," concluded Washu.
"Does this mean Sasami is going to die?" asked Aeka, with tears
adjusting to her soft eyes.
"I can not make that judgement now, because the results are indefinite.
Plus, Sasami is not going to be awake for awhile, she will be in this
coma. All I can say is someone is going to try…"ENDZ

To be continued???

All characters property of Pioneer Entertainment/AIC except the guitar
playing man who is The Unknown DJ's property and the guitar playing man
will most likely never be seen outside of the Everlasting Dream Series.
 Any questions, comments, or other remarks about The Unknown DJ or The
Everlasting Dream Series can be sent to The Unknown DJ
TheUnknownDJENDZ@yahoo.com. Be ready cause, the sequel will be ready in
a while, if I see it is necessary and if people like it this chapter.
Thank you and as the great Carlin once said, "@#$#@%$. You can't say
that on television.
