Prelude to a Journey

Tenchi walked up the path from the school bus stop, thinking about the upcoming summer vacation
with mixed emotions. He wasn't looking forward to the many chores he knew were in store for him.
The break from schoolwork would be nice, and he would get to spend more time with the "Family."
The living situation in the Masaki home caused him to have mixed feelings as well.

He was almost to the house (that's funny, Ryoko usually would have jumped me by now). The daily
occurance, at a different spot everyday to prevent Aeka from intercepting her, usually took place
before he was in sight of the house. A bit of concern began in the back of his mind. Aeka wasn't
there either, trying to get to him first. It was the game they played, each trying to greet him first,
with Aeka trying not to appear the aggressive one, but trying to stop Ryoko all the same.

It was the same old rivalry. After a while it seemed like they were almost friends, then it would
revert back to the near blood-feud. Ever changing patterns, never predictable, trying new
strategies against each other. The endless cycle. He felt that it was all his fault at times.
He just didn't know how to handle it. He cared for both of them so much, but he didn't know
how to handle the raw affection that was heaped upon him - or to find the solution to his nearly
impossible situation. The worst part was that he wanted to decide in the worst way, but didn't
want to hurt anyone in the process. So the battles raged on. What's a young guy to do?

As he walked in the door, he saw from the shoes that everyone was home. He heard voices
from the dining room. (It's quiet, but I guess everthing's okay)
He walked in to find everyone sitting at the table. They all seemed a little subdued. "Hello eveyone!",
he said in his most cheerful voice. Aeka and Ryoko perked up a little, "Hello Tenchi!", then the rest
greeted him in turn. Then his Grandfather,"Hello, Tenchi, please walk with me the the shrine."

Yosho and Tenchi made their way up the steps up to the Masaki Shrine. "Grandfather, why was
everyone so quiet when I got home?"

"I told them about your upcoming training."

"Oh? Why would they get so quiet about that? We train together all the time?"

"This is different Tenchi. Since you were very young I have taught you how to fight, I have worked
very hard to train you in all the fighting techniques I know. There is no more that I can show you.
You have reached a training plateau. Your learning curve is flattening out. It is no fault of yours
or mine. The problem lies in the lack of variety. You have only trained to fight against me. Other
than actual combat, of course."

"So are we going to have visitors to come and spar with me?"

"No, you are going away for the whole summer."

Tenchi was stunned. The whole summer? Wait a second-no chores all summer!

Alright! But...........none of the girls either.

"Grandfather, why can't I just stay here and spar with Ryoko? She's pretty good........"

"No, I have many reasons for you to go away and train, Ryoko is one of them."

(Now I know how they felt when I walked in.)

At the shrine, Yosho told Tenchi of his upcoming travels. He was going to visit ten of the best
sword masters on Earth, spending five days training with each. His travel arrangements were
a little unusual though.....


"Grandfather? Can I ask you for some advice?"

"Yes?"

"I am very confused. Confused about my feelings towards the girls, Ryoko and Aeka. They
fight all the time over me, and I feel that it is my fault sometimes because I haven't made up my mind
about them yet. I feel I have to choose, to end it, but I think I may need help deciding. I don't want
to go away for the whole summer and leave them hanging, so to speak."

"You cannot choose."

"I know, that is what I just said........"

"NO", Yosho said as he got to his feet, looking down at Tenchi.

(What did I do now?)

"What would you do? Place them on a scale, weighing out the good points and the bad? The advantages
and disadvantages of the two? Deciding which offers better opportunities? More fun? It is not a decision
you can make. Why not just have someone older and wiser choose for you, an arranged marriage? Hmm?"

"No, Grandfather. I wouldn't want that either."

"So, my advice is to follow your heart in this matter. When you know, you know. But don't try to put
a timetable on it."

"So if I don't know before my journey........." Tenchi trailed off, already knowing the answer.

"You have ten days left before you go, I suggest you concentrate on final exams until then.

But first, show me what you have learned." As Yosho produced two bokken out of nowhere.

They took up fighting stances on either side of the small field outside the shrine. The wind had
picked up a bit, making the tree branches sway. They cast alternating swaths of shade and
sunlight across the field, and the mock combatants. Yosho lifted his bokken in both hands
vertically above his head, (come to me Grandson, don't hold back) Tenchi ran at him, bokken
raised diagonally next to his right shoulder. Yosho jumped into the air, bringing the wooden
blade down. Tenchi swung his out in front to block it - then dropped to one knee ducking the
downward slash to deliver a strike to the stomach - the instant he should have felt the impact
and didn't - he desperately swung the bokken around his head and dropped it down behind his
back, feeling the mighty impact of the other blade. Splinters flew as he barely parried the
strike. He spun about in time to parry another. From offensive to defensive in a flash. He
held his own for a while, but began to wear down. Was that a drop of sweat on his Grandfathers
forehead? Was he actually giving as good as he got? Suddenly, they locked blades together.
Yosho swung his leg in a front sweep, Tenchi falling over backwards - then rolled smoothly over
his shoulder, coming up in a kneel - sword blocking a diagonal strike. Standing to deliver a
strike of his own - which Yosho barely parried. Tenchi saw this - and for the first time in his
life, he thought he might actually be winning. These thoughts gave him a lift, and he concentrated
on blocking a new flurry of strikes - on the defensive again. Suddenly, his grndfathers sword
starting moving in ways that were hard for the eyes to see. He's changing his technique to
throw me off balance. He remembered this one, which he hadn't quite mastered yet. It used
the moving shadows and sunlight to mask the movement of the sword. (Better try to work
around to get the sun behind me where the technique had its weakness.) Time for some
improvisation. On the offensive he stabbed straight forward, as Yosho swept the blade
aside, Tenchi spun stepping forward and wound up back to back with his opponent, then he
dove and rolled, popping back up to his feet, sun at his back. Now Yosho was on the
defensive, the sun in his eyes now as it lowered on the horizon. Tenchi saw an opening,
but it was a setup to draw him in, he barely blocked the next strike. He quickly shuffled
back and was on the defensive again. Then offensive, and back again. Then he noticed
the sweat on his Grandfathers head, not an imagined drop, it ran freely. Then they met
each others swords, simultaneously delivering mighty strikes with all the power they had...

And both bokken, having had enough, shattered into kindling.

The sun set at that moment. The breeze began to die down. Yosho smiled. He was ready
for the journey, (My Grandson will soon surpass me. I hope that this idea of mine helps him
to work out his problems.)

Tenchi was silent. He couldn't believe it. (all these years, all this training, it is paying off. I
never in my wildest dreams imagined I would ever be able to match him.)

Both were feeling elated for the same reason - success. On as student and one as teacher.
Yosho bowed to Tenchi, who returned it. Then ran to his Grandfather and hugged him.
No words needed to be exchanged, they both fully understood what just happened.

"You need to practice the Wind and Sun technique a bit more Tenchi."

"Yes Grandfather, lets go have dinner."


It was a quiet dinner. Yosho had laid down the law: No distracting Tenchi from his studies.
No fighting between Aeka and Ryoko - verbal or otherwise. No pleading for him not to leave,
as he had little to say about the matter. Being the elder of the household, a grandfather, a
Prince, big brother, and arguably the greatest swordsman alive granted him a bit of authority
when he decided to use it. He needed it all to restrain this bunch for ten days.......

Ryoko was having none of it. (Oh sure, I'll obey now, act the little subdued space pirate, but
when nobody is looking, yeah baby! And no way am I going without my Tenchi for the whole
summer. I'll find him or follow him somehow. I miss him already and he is sitting right here!)
Washuu was not pleased at her daughters thoughts (I'm not helping her find him. I at least will
follow Lord Yoshos wishes. You're on your own little Ryoko......)

Aeka was not happy (Oh, but I will miss him so much! I hate to think of him out there, away from
me. It will be so lonely without him here. At least that... that... Ryoko won't be all over him for
a while, and he'll have a chance to think about me without her interupting all the time.)

Tenchi (This is the most peaceful dinner I've had in a while. It's almost too quiet.)

After dinner, Ryoko and Aeka disappeared, Mihoshi and Sasami went to watch TV, Washuu left

for her lab, and Tenchi attended to his studies. (Final exams! If I don't know this stuff by now I'll
never know it.) It was difficult to concentrate. In a way he was excited about the trip. He would
be seeing new things, meeting new people, trying different foods, and no chores for the whole
summer! (Study, study, wouldn't want to fail a exam.)

Ryoko hovered outside his window, watching. See wanted to be by his side, but she didn't want
to get in trouble with Yosho so soon. If she went in there with him Aeka would know because
of her uncanny ability to get in the way. Then all hell would break loose and she'd probably get
sent to the cave for a few more centuries. Still, just watching him would get her by. (As long
as I don't disturb him I'm not breaking any rules am I? Oh well, I'll just relax here for a while.)
She settled onto a ledge, careful to make no noise and remain in the shadows. She had been
watching him his entire life, and old habits die hard.

Aeka had settled into her room, lying on her futon, lost in thought. She left the door open listening
for telltale sounds of Ryoko intruding on Tenchi. Where is she I wonder? After a while Sasami came
upstairs. "I'm going to miss him too Aeka," said the younger princess, trying not to let her voice
break. Aeka looked over at her sister, and saw the sadness in her eyes. "We won't see him for so long!"

"Sasami, it will be alright. Listen, Yosho said we could write to Tenchi. You could send him some
care packages. You know he won't be eating as well as he does here."

She brightened at this thought,"You think he would like that?"

"No doubt about it!"

Tenchi at his desk, was feeling a bit tired and put his head down,(I'll just rest my eyes for a moment)
and drifted off into sleep. Dreams came rapidly, as he had so much on his mind. Aeka and Ryoko,
even fighting over him in his dreams.

Ryoko fell into a fitful slumber on her ledge. Her usual nightmares came. Death, by her hand. Kagato,
cruel and merciless, smashing her spirit at every chance, erasing her will to live. Controlling her. She
suddenly was back in the cave. Cold, dark, pain - but only for her. She projected her spirit outside to
see Tenchi crying. He had lost someone he loved, and She longed to comfort him, but couldn't......
She woke and sat up quickly, and almost fell. She looked in the window and saw him dozing
there, and sighed. (I can't let him sleep like that, he's got to go to bed). Risking a violation of the rules,
she quickly teleported into and out of his room to nudge him awake.......

"Huh?" (Oh, I fell asleep! Enough studying for tonight, I should lay down). Not knowing what woke him, he
got ready for bed. Soon he was asleep again, dreamless this time.

Ryoko decided to pay a visit to Washuu. Down in the lab, "Uh.....Washuu."

"I'm in the middle of something right now.......but if you think you could call me MOM!"

(Grrrrrrrrrr............well, maybe I could do that in this special circumstance)

"Ok, Mom........"

Washuu pops up instantly in front of Ryoko and grabs her in a great hug,"Awwww.....how sweet!"

(Grrrrrrr)"Uh, can I ask you something?"

"Sure, anything for my darling little girl!"

(Grrrrrrrr........maybe I can't)

"Wash....I mean Mom, I need to talk to someone about Tenchi........."

"I won't help you find him, if that...."

"No, thats not it. I have only ten days before he's gone for the whole summer" As she says it, the feelings
manifest themselves on her face and in her voice. "I want him to understand how I feel and why, I don't want
him leaving for so long without that. Why does he always push me away? What can I d..d.." She had to
stop before she lost it, not being entirely comfortable with "mom" yet, she had noboby else to turn to, but
she didn't want to collapse into a crying mess in front of her either.

"It's okay, just have a seat, relax, I'll be right back." Washuu ran to the kitchen to get some tea.

"Okay, she's opening up to me a bit. Have to put on my best mother act. Should I stay as Little

Washuu or go to big? No, she's not used to that. Okay, I can't blow this."

After sitting with a cup of tea for a bit, Ryoko got a better hold of herself.

"Okay, you want to communicate with Tenchi, right?"

"Right, but I've been trying too..."

"No, not the right way. You need to communicate in more subtle ways than throwing yourself at him.

You see, that's not what most men respond to. You are sending all the wrong signals."

"Signals?"

"Right. You send men signals, then let them initiate contact."

"Like what?"

"Well, let me see.........", as she began digging through her extensive electronic library, and relating this
and that to her daughter as she found the good bits.



Other than the lack of fighting, everything was more normal the next day. Sasami was up early to make
breakfast and fix Tenchi his lunch, Mihoshi was off on an early patrol, and Aeka and Ryoko sat on either
side of Tenchi during the meal. Ryoko was tired, she was up all night with Washuu. (If knowledge is,
power, I have a hell of an ally in ....Mom.)

"Tenchi?"

"Yes Aeka?"

"May I walk with you down to the school bus stop this morning to see you off?"

"Okay"

Ryoko (My, but she's being forward now! I wish I'd have asked him first! Well, I'd better

back off or we'd just fight and I'd be blamed of course.) "See you after school Tenchi!" she
said in the most cheerful voice she could muster. Before turning to leave, she looked at
him long enough to establish direct eye contact - then lowered her gaze and turned away.
Fast enough that Aeka didn't notice, she wouldn't have anyway because she was too
shocked that Ryoko wasn't instantly competing.

Tenchi and Aeka were both silent for a moment, a little unbalanced by Ryoko's leaving them together.

On the way to the bus stop.

"Tenchi, good luck on your tests today."

"Thank you Aeka, its just one actually, but a big one."

"Oh. Are you excited about your upcoming trip?"

"Oh yes, I'm looking forward to all the new things I'll see. You know, besides space, I've never been
outside of Japan. There are so many places I've only read about or seen on TV and now I'm going to
visit some of them."

"You will be careful and come back to us safely?"

"Of course, nothing to worry about."

"I'll miss you while you are gone!"

"I'll miss all of you too."

Aeka, looking slightly unhappy about way he said it,"Oh", then brightening,"I'll write to you."

"I'll write back and tell you of all that happens."

Aeka smiles a little more now. "Have a good day at school!" She departs as she hears the
bus approach.

Walking back up the path she was lost in her own thoughts
(What is Ryoko up to? She gave in too easily. I'l find out what her
little game is soon enough. Oh, how I'll miss Tenchi! The whole summer!
What will I do in the meantime?)

While Aeka walked back up the path, Ryoko was wondering how she would spend the summer.
She saw Sasami cleaning up, without her sisters help. (Maybe I can put that old plan on mine
back into action) "Sasami, let me help you there."

The princess with the sweet disposition smiled and thanked her.

"You know Sasami," as they were nearly finished,"I would love to learn to cook like you do.

Since Tenchi will be gone all summer, maybe I could help you as you teach me?"

Sasami, hesitantly answered, remembering her solo past attempts."Sure Ryoko, it would
be nice to have your company in the kitchen."

Ryoko was putting her mind into combat mode. She knew that wars were fought not just by
the warriors. There were Generals putting together stragety, spies getting information on the
enemy, technicians keeping the equipment in shape. She was going to have to be all of these
now. She would have all summer to dedicate herself to winning this war. (I'm not changing
myself, just my tactics. Once he is mine, he won't mind my advances anymore! I'll have to
have another all nighter with ......Mom.) Since she had been up all night, she phased up to
her favorite beam for a nap.

Washuu was happy. Last night was a step in the right direction. Bonding with her daughter
again would take time, and helping her with her problems was one way of starting. (I will respect
Yosho and obey the orders he gave, but I'll help my daughter any way I can.) She sat down and,
experiments forgotten for a while, she continued work on her newest project, Ryoko.

A tinkling of noise awoke her, Sasami in the kitchen. With a yawn and a great feline stretch, she
floated down off the beam into the kitchen.

"Hi Sasami, where do I start?"

"Oh, Ryoko! First we get out all the ingredients......."

Lunch was another less than normal affair. Mihoshi was out on a patrol. Ryoko sat next to Washuu, both eating
quietly. Nobody knew they were having a silent conversation. Putting ideas and plans past one another. (You
know, Ryoko, you have to learn patience. These things take time. Great idea, learning to cook if you can pull
that off. Aeka tried and gave up.)(Yeah, but are you sure this stuff will work? I couldn't tell if he reacted positively
or not to my "signal.")(Remember what we talked about. If you stick to the plan she will seem the aggressor, even
though what you will be doing is more aggressive. He has alot to think about with his upcoming trip. If you back
off from him you are just doing as Yosho asked, but maybe he will miss the attention, hmm? Help him to bring
out any feelings he has inside.)(But what if he chooses Aeka?)(Then you must accept his decision.) What

Washuu wanted to tell her, but felt like she couldn't until she trusted her more, was that you couldn't make Tenchi
choose. But you could stop climbing all over him, give him a chance to breathe, stop the fighting, remove the
pressure, and he would learn sooner who he loved as a friend, and which as a girlfriend.

After lunch, Aeka was getting ready to hang clothes out to dry,

"Can I give you a hand there?"

"Ryoko......yes, thank you." Ryoko picked up one of the clothes baskets and walked with the princess out to the
clotheslines. (What is she up to now?) They worked together a while in silence, "Could you pass me some more
clothes pins Aeka?","Yes, here." Aeka was suspicious as always. Still, Ryoko and her had been through much
together. Even though she had wanted to kill the space pirate at one time, now she just wanted her out of the way.
(When Tenchi is finally mine, and we stop fighting, we'll probably become really good friends. I know that I get so
mad at her, but it is mostly jealousy. All the reasons I really hated her before, were not really her fault. But she
will not win Tenchi from me. In nine days he couldn't possibly decide one way or the other. Let her try what she
will. I will not worry about it.) "Thank you for your help Ryoko. Tenchi will be home soon, would you like to go
with me to meet him?","Sure, okay." (That should give her something to think about.)
Ryoko was off balance. She didn't expect this. (Oh, well go with it.) They walked down the path to the bus stop,
and waited just out of sight along the path. Tenchi didn't need the questioning from his schoolmates he would
get if seen being met everyday by exotic looking women. Aeka unconsciously began adjusting her robes and
straightening her hair. Ryoko noticed this and smiled. (Signals Princess, but unseen by him) Soon they heard
the bus stop, then pull away. As Tenchi came across them he looked at Aeka and they shared a smile. Ryoko
began her preening now, running her hands through her hair, then stood alert. Tenchi looked at her then, she met
his eyes, then looked downward and said,"How did the tests go today Tenchi."

Tenchi looked at her, curiously. She was acting differently. Not attacking him. And they were both there - not
fighting. (I like this. I could get used to this. But I'll be leaving soon........) That was it, he thought. They
are acting like this because of the trip and the rules. "Great Ryoko, today was my foreign language final. I
seemed to do really well in class, I enjoyed it. I guess that made it easy."

"Maybe you will get to put that skill to use on your trip Tenchi." Aeka said.

"I had not though of that. Yes I hope so."

Ryoko stayed alert, tilting her head to one side as she listened to Tenchi. "So what subject do you have to
test in tomorrow?"

"I have two, Math and History"

Ryoko met his eyes again, holding his gaze a little bit longer this time before looking down.

"I know you will do just fine."

"Thanks Ryoko, lets get to the house. I have to do some studying before I meet Grandfather for training."

They all walked up the path together. Tenchi flanked by the two girls. Arm in arm. (Most guys would kill
to be in my shoes now, little do they know how complicated it would be.) He contemplated the two of
them. His wild one and the demure proper princess. He remembered his Grandfathers words, about
weighing and measuring. It wasn't a calculation, it was a feeling. How did he feel? (Pretty good, right
about now!) He thought ahead to the future,(one will be hurt, I know. I care so much for them both.
They must know that no matter what.) Another feeling, one he couldn't identify immediately. Confidence?
Around these two? When did that happen. Self assuredness. (Hmm, I could get used to this too.)

Back at the house he immersed himself in study. Math was sets of rules. History was remembering past
events and learning how they shaped the future and present. Math had rules that couldn't be broken,
and History was full of broken rules. He found his thoughts returning to the girls. How Ryoko had
looked at him. Looked into his eyes. The two of them not fighting. Rules, yes. And their History
together. The rules would be broken soon. 


Oh, Great Spirit, Grant that I may not criticize my neighbor, until
I have walked a mile in his moccasins.
-American Indian Prayer





The Last Days of School

Ryoko had another all nighter with Washuu. They had much to talk about. "You just stick to the plan
Ryoko, you are doing just fine." Ryoko wasn't as confident. "Are you sure? I don't really see too much
happening?" Washuu reassured her daughter,"You won't see it all happen at once. Does a flower
spring out of the ground in full bloom the first day? Well, if it had a particular genetic splice in it......
well forget that. Just trust me." Ryoko still had difficulty with that. She had opened up a little to
Washuu, but she couldn't keep the incident out of her mind where she had been restrained in the
lab. In the dark, alone. Washuu could sense this in her daughters thoughts. It had been a necessary
experiment, to test the effects of Zero's assimilation. Of course, the little mean streak she had gave
her a little fun from it. Sensing this distrust now hurt a little bit, hell - it hurt alot. Washuu was having
genuine feelings of guilt. She shoved these aside, (I will make up for it, I will make it up to her.)

"Okay, now I want to prepare a little something. It's an idea I've been toying with." Ryoko got nervous
all of a sudden. Washuu sensing this was quick to reassure,"Its okay, it will only take a minute."

Ryoko hesitantly agreed. Washuu placed a metal band around her head attached to a machine.
She operated her holo laptop for a moment, took a look at her daughter, and pressed a button.

"Thats all! Here we go." She lifted the band off Ryokos head. "Thats it?" "Yep. Okay, I looked
around and found a little something for you." She gave Ryoko something gift wrapped. She took
it with a little apprehension. "It's okay, nothing mechanical, biological, chemical or electronic."

She opened it, to find a book. A frown clouded her face, her eyes almost glowed as her body
tensed,"Cooking for Dummies! How could you!" She saw Washuu cringe, and the look on her
face calmed her slightly. Washuu explained quickly,"It's not like that - it is a popular series of
books for beginners. I wasn't insulting you, it's just a really good way to start." Ryoko calmed
down. "If Aeka saw me reading this book, I'd never hear the end of it." "Learn how to cook, and
what can she say? Maybe you could give her the book when you are done with it." At this,
Ryoko smirked, then smiled and gave a hearty laugh. "No, I'll hold onto this. I need all the help
I can get." She sat on one of the couches in a corner and began thumbing through the book.

(This isn't so bad, this doesn't seem so hard.) It was like having a great ancient mystery revealed
to her. She couldn't but the book down. Eventually, she nodded off on the couch, book open across
her chest. Wahsuu found her like this. She looked down on her daughter. Sleeping in the lab. (How
long has it been?) The diminutive scientist changed into her adult form, and the tears began.

Tenchi woke to the sound of his alarm. He had a great nights sleep, and sprang out of bed energized.
He quickly got ready for school, looking forward to another conflict free breakfast. As he walked
downstairs, he saw Ryoko helping Sasami set out breakfast. He got a little nervous at this, as he
remembered Ryokos past attempts at cooking. She turned and saw him on the stairs. She made
eye contact, and put on a most dazzling smile. He returned her gaze and smile. (This new found
feeling of confidence again, and she isn't smothering me either. She's actually being very pleasant.)
She turned back to her work, ending the moment. She felt all warm inside, and almost dropped a
dish, but held firm and continued on. (This might just work.)

Aeka asked to walk him to the bus again, and Tenchi agreed. "Are you ready for today's tests Tenchi?"

"I think so, I've had lots of time to prepare with no distractions. I really appeciate all the support you have
given."

Aeka smiled and blushed slightly. Then a thought popped into her head. "Thank you Tenchi. To be fair.....
Ryoko has been behaving herself as well." It wasn't easy to say. But it was the truth, and Aeka appreciated
the peace as well.

"It's really great to see you two getting along. It will make it harder to leave when the time comes. Maybe
while I'm gone, you and Ryoko can keep up the truce, become better friends......."

"Perhaps, Tenchi."

"See you tonight Aeka!", and he ran to the sound of the approaching bus.

Tenchi was lost in thought on the bus ride. (Aeka is so understanding, so easy to get along with. She is
gracious enough to compliment her rival. She can be pretty mean to Ryoko at times, but that only stems
from jealousy now. She helped me save Ryoko before, from Kagato and Dr. Clay. She will be a great
Empress someday. Ryoko on the other hand is an enigma. Her behavior can be so erratic, I wish I could
understand her like I do Aeka.)

Washuu worked on her project as the day passed. She wasn't sure it it would be used, but she wanted it
ready just in case.

After her post breakfast nap, Ryoko helped Sasami start lunch. She tried some of the things she read about
in the book, and Sasami gave her some pointers. "Here Ryoko, chop these up in smaller pieces, it lets more
of the flavor out, okay, can you stir this for me, just enough to keep it from bubbling over." One habit Ryoko
was developing in the kitchen was snacking on some of the ingredients. "Oh Ryoko, now I need to get some
more of those...." But it was her first steps, she began learning.

Yosho joined them for lunch. When it was over he spoke to Ryoko. "If you have time, would you accompany
me to the shrine?"

"um, yes ... sir."

They ascended the steps in silence. Ryoko considered the man next to her. (So much history we have
together. So much unresolved. What was done, what I was punished with, what I was spared from.)
She could only be nervous. They never really talked. Then again, he didn't talk much anyway.

At the shrine.

"Ryoko, Tenchi will be leaving soon. I need to ask a favor of you."

"Um...."

"I am used to training daily with Tenchi. With him gone, I need someone to spar with in order to maintain
my skills. "

"Uh....well, you see, I, uh, well"

"A simple yes or no will suffice."

Ryoko didn't know what to say. The last time the two of them fought, well, maybe the memories of what
happened would be too much.

"Uh, sir....could I have time to think about this?"

"Of course, you have until Tenchi leaves."

"Thank you, sir."

She turned to leave......

"and Ryoko, whatever you decide, I will accept any answer."

"Yes sir."

She phased quickly away.

Aeka, was out sweeping the deck of the house, sometimes looking out to where her ship, Ryu-oh, was growing.
Already it had grown past being a sapling. In another year or less it would be ready to go. She began to consider
the future. (Some day, I have to go back. With or without him.) She didn't want to deal with it. She put on a big
act with Ryoko, saying that it would be impossible for him to choose the Space Pirate over her, but her actions
undermined her confident words. She had doubts. If for no other reason than the fact he hadn't decided already.
(Oh, what does he see in her? How long must this go on? I, a Princess, with suitors from across the Galaxy
who would kill and die for my hand in marriage, for my status. And I love this humble young man!) She would
wait for that decision, no matter what her Father pulled, no matter how infuriated she got over Ryoko's actions.
Maybe she would lose patience and just leave. (But no, Ryoko has more patience than anyone else realizes.
And Tenchi.......he would go after her. Would he go after me if I did the same?) She wanted him to rule beside
her. She knew he had a good, fair heart, and would be an excellent Emperor. She thought of her little sister's
future too. As much as she had been assured by Tsunami of how they would merge as Sasami matured, she
hated the anguish it caused Sasami to think she would disappear. She would definitely return to Jurai someday.
It was her destiny. As much as the little girl loved it here, Tsunami would know she had to return. It was such
a burden to bear, all the responsibility, the destiny of her sister. But it would be bearable with him at her side.
Mihoshi returned from her long patrol. It was uneventful as usual, way out in the backwaters of space. She
was having some problems with her ship again. It just wasn't running right. At least she was having better
luck with her landings lately. She walked through the house, pausing at the kitchen to see Ryoko in a subdued
mood helping an enthusiastic Sasami - playing the role of chef-sensei - prepare dinner. "Hi Sasami! Have you
seen Washuu?"

"She's probably in her lab."

Washuu was passed out from working non-stop since Ryoko opened up to her. She had finished her little
device however. Mihoshi walked about in the lab, calling out her name and searching, but no luck. A nuclear
blast couldn't have brought Washuu from her deep slumber.

Mihoshi saw something on a workbench that caught her eye.

"Oh wow! Look at these cool sunglasses!"

She saw a small vanity nearby and sat in front of it to see how they would look on her. She placed the glasses

on and.......................

One word doesn't even come close to describing it. Horror, Atrocity, Holocaust, Armageddon, all rolled into one.
Planet after planet, civilization after civilization. And the feelings, they were the worst. Anguish, Suffering, Pain,
Despair, Hopelessness. Fear. Over it all a spectre. An evil presense, in her her, invading her very soul.
Mihoshi couldn't take it anymore and her mental self defense kicked in....she fainted. As she fell, the "sunglasses"
were knocked off.

"Thanks for your help again Ryoko, you're doing great."

This got a small smile from the older woman.

"Could you go find everyone and let them know dinner is almost ready."

Ryoko phased about, letting everyone know. Funny, she though, I was so distracted by my work and my thoughts
I forgot to meet Tenchi. A twinge of jealousy went through her as she saw Aeka and Tenchi walking together up the
path. They were just chatting away, laughing it up. Ryoko's heart sank. (This plan won't work. I'm hopeless.)

Then Tenchi looked up and saw her. He looked into her eyes, and smiled warmly. He began to walk in her direction.
She couldn't break eye contact. She felt butterflies in her stomach (Snap out of it, don't just stare like a dummy.)

"Dinners almost ready!" And she phased away.

Tenchi stood there as she disappeared. He felt.....disappointed? (I thought she would have joined us and walked the
rest of the way with us?)

Ryoko sat under Funaho, pulling herself together. She had her emotions pulled in too many ways too quickly. The
assimilation with Zero changed her in ways she wasn't fully used to yet. She then heard a familiar comforting sound?

"Miya!" Her best friend, and for a while, her only friend, jumped onto her lap. She cuddled Ryo-Ohki in her arms.

"You can always make me feel better."

At dinner Mihoshi, Washuu, and Ryoko were conspicuously absent. As Sasami brought out the dishes, she looked
about the table and asked if anyone had seen them.

Aeka said,"Well, I saw Mihoshi come in, and her ship is still out there. She never misses a meal when she is here."

She got up to look about. Tenchi joined the search. He made his way to Washuu's lab.

"Washuu!" He called out and searched, until he found Mihoshi.

The beautiful sweet blonde, who he considered a sister, lay on her back, a look of pure pain on her face, out cold.
He gathered her up in his arms and started yelling for Washuu, hollering for help.
Washuu pulled herself up groggily. (What's all the racket?) She followed the sound of the shouting. Then, a shadow
of dread passed through her. She found Tenchi running through the lab, calling out for help, cradling Mihoshi in her
arms. (Oh, no. It would have been her.) "Tenchi! Tenchi! Bring her here!" With relief he ran to Washuu, and set
Mihoshi on what appeared to be a hospital bed. Washuu produced her holotop and began typing furiously, as bits
of machinery surrounded Mihoshi. She ran several scans. "Tenchi, when you found her, what did you see?" "Well,
she was on the floor, passed out." "Was she wearing anything unusual, like a pair of sunglasses?" "Not that I could
see." "Show me where!" Tenchi led her to the vanity, and she spotted the 'glasses' and showed them to Tenchi.

"Was she wearing these when you found her?" "No, she was just on the floor." Washuu returned to her equipment,
and ran a few scans. "Well, she was wearing them",she ran a few scans, then slightly relaxed and sighed."She
passed out and they fell off before real damage could be done. She will need caring and comfort for a few days."

"What happened to her?" "These!" Washuu held up the glasses to punctuate her speech. "I should have locked
them up in case someone came around." "What are they, and what happened to Mihoshi?" Tenchi was visibly
upset. Next to Sasami, Mihoshi was the sweetest of the bunch, and he hated the though of anything happening
to her. Washuu debated telling him what the device did, because she might have to explain why she made it.

"Are you sure she'll be okay?" Washuu ran a few more scans to double check. "Yes Tenchi, she may have a
few nightmares, but she'll be fine." (I have to tell him, he'll find out eventually.) "What happened to her?"

"Tenchi, these," she help up the glasses,"are a simple VR device. Well, maybe not simple in the sense that
you are used to..." "Wait Washuu, what is VR?" "Virtual Reality. Your scientists are playing with some crude
versions of it I think. Very primitive. They allow you to see a computer generated visual reality...""Kind of like
a game, right?" "In a way, but these are different. These allow you to feel, and not just your senses. You can
feel the emotions, the pain. Basically they allow you to live someones memories. I was going to test them,
but I had to get some rest. I had them turned up to a level I would have been able to handle, but not her."

Tenchi thought about this awhile. "So she relived some memories. Whose?"

Washuu paused. (What do I tell him, how do I explain?)

"Ryoko."

"Why would you make something to allow someone to relive her memories?"

"Well," (here comes a whale of a lie),"I wanted to live through what she did, since I missed out on so much
of her life. Being a mother and all, I though reliving her memories would help to get us closer. I thought I
could make another one so she could experience some of my life as well." She waited, to see if he bought
into it.

Tenchi considered it. (Maybe I would finally be able to understand her if I tried that.) "Washuu, can you turn
down the intensity so I could get a glimpse."

(He's playing right into my hands.) "No, no way. I need to run some more tests. Besides, I made this for
me, it's a mother daughter thing, understand?"

As much as he wanted to see, the old curiousity that set Ryoko free in the first place was very strong, he
glanced at Mihoshi and had second thoughts. "Okay, professor. When will Mihoshi be okay, what can we do? "

"She'll probably be out for the night. I'll stay up with her, and try to keep her brain waves mellow to keep
the nightmares to a minimum."

"I'll bring you some food then." And he left the lab.

Washuu mentally called out to her daughter,"Ryoko, are you okay."

"Yes, I'm fine. I just want to be alone for a bit."

Tenchi went to see Sasami and asked her to help him put a plate together for Washuu.

"Is everything alright? Where are Mihoshi and Ryoko?"

"Well, Mihoshi had a little accident in the lab."

"Oh," a worried look of deep concern for her friend,"is she alright."

Tenchi downplayed it a bit,"Oh yes, she'll be just fine. You know how Mihoshi is in that lab."

Sasami relaxed and put two plates together, one for Mihoshi.

Tenchi took them down to the lab and gave the one plate to Washuu.

"Do you know where Ryoko is?"

Washuu thought for a second. Concentrating. "She is out by Funaho."

"Thank you, little Washuu."

As he left the little genius smiled.

Tenchi found Ryoko, resting on a tree branch, deep in thought, staring out over the water.

"Hey, Ryoko!"

She looked down and her heart leapt. He came looking for me!

"I brought you some dinner, I hope you like it!"

He sat down on a big rock, and Ryoko phased down to him. She accepted the plate gratefully.
She wasn't really that hungry, having eaten a bit during the preparation of the food, and with her
nerves being a little bit bad.

"Thank you." She sat there next to him, not looking at him directly, and began picking at the food.

(How horrible has her life really been? Look what her memories did to poor Mihoshi!)
"So how was your day Ryoko?" He could sense she wasn't feeling well. What was wrong?

(I want to fall into his arms and cry my eyes out, but he'll only push me away.)"Well, I've been
hanging out with Washuu and Sasami, helping with the cooking."

"You helped cook?" He saw a chance to reassure her. "Let me see." He took the chopsticks
from her and ate a little bit. "This is good." She looked at him. He sat there chewing, looking
at her with that smile of his. She looked deep into his eyes, saw the comfort in them. The
floodgates began to open.

Tenchi saw her start to........cry? He set the plate down and faced her directly. She started sobbing.

(I can't help it, I feel so weak.) The news of Tenchi going away, the thought of him leaving her not just
for the summer, the pressure of Yosho's request, the caring he was showing her now. She really
started losing it. Damn that Zero, why did she have to make me like this.

(Oh, I can't stand to see her hurting like this, what can I do?) He reached for her, and she fell into his
arms, pressing her face between his shoulder and chest, crying her eyes out. Her body racked with
sobs. He found himself speaking softly to her, murmuring comforts to her. "It's okay...it's alright...I'm
here for you.......I've got you....."

He felt like a jerk. (This is all my fault. How bad must I make her feel, this tough as nails Space Pirate,
to bawl like a baby?) He hugged her and rocked her, softly speaking comforts, until the sobbing died
down. After a while, she pulled away and started to say, "Oh, I'm making a fool of myself...."

"No Ryoko, I'm sorry, it's all my fault."

"Tenchi, no, you have no blame, all you do is take care of me, all of us, even though I don't deserve......"

"Don't say that Ryoko. You deserve a better live than you've had. I'm sorry I couldn't have been there to
help you sooner, comfort you sooner...."

"Oh Tenchi...."

She was crying again, he held her for the duration, gently stroking her hair and back. She wanted this, but
not in sadness and sympathy, but in love. The comfort for now was enough.

When her crying had died down a bit,"C'mon Ryoko, let's go back. They willl be sending a search party soon."

He took her hand, and led her back to the house.

Aeka was fit to be tied. Tenchi and Ryoko had been gone for quite some time, and it was getting dark out.
But, she stayed put. She would obey her brothers wishes. Going out and finding them together would
ultimately lead to a fight. Then she relaxed. (My Tenchi will come back to me eventually) she thought
as she regained her confidence.

Ryoko and Tenchi stopped outside the door. He faced her and took out his handkerchief drying her eyes.
She looked at him, gratefully. "I don't want them seeing me like this." He gave her a quick hug. "Just go
and phase on in somewhere. I'll see you later." She smiled and disappeared.

Tenchi walked inside to see a concerned Aeka. "Is everything alright Tenchi?"

Placing his hand behind his neck and smiling,"Sure Aeka, everything is just fine. Well, I have to find
Grandpa!" Yosho was in the livingroom with Noboyuki, sharing some sake.

"Tenchi, you missed practice today." "Hello son, everything alright?"

"Yes Grandpa, I'll make it up to you. Everythings fine Dad!"

"Alright, we'll train twice as long tomorrow, I want to work the bugs out of a couple of your techniques."

For once, Tenchi looked forward to it, self assurance again. His increasing mastery of the martial arts
was carrying over into other parts of his life as well he was just beginning to realize.

He went down to the lab to check on Mihoshi. When he got down there, Washuu smiled at him warmly.

"How is she?" Washuu sighed,"Well she's past the worst of it. Tenchi......."

"Yes?"

"I will consider your request, about the memories."

Tenchi though it over. "Thank you, little Washuu."

Out of the lab, into the kitchen. Sasami was just finishing clean up. "Hi Sasami!"

A look of concern,"How are Mihoshi and Ryoko?"

"Oh they are okay. I hear you are quite a teacher. Ryoko is actually learning to cook from you, huh?"

Sasami smiled and blushed slightly, with eyes downcast,"Yes Tenchi, she is starting to learn a little,
if only she'd stop eating the ingredients." She finished with a giggle.

(That sure sounds like Ryoko) Tenchi joined her in a little laugh.

He found Aeka watching TV alone. He sat down next to her.

"Hello, Tenchi. How is Mihoshi?"

"She will be okay. That lab and Mihoshi do not mix well."

He earned a smile from Aeka for that.

"Well, I have some studying to do before I go to sleep. Goodnight Aeka."

"Sleep well, Lord Tenchi."

He would never get used to being called that, he thought. Back in his room - (Just a few more
finals, then the school picnic. And I'll be away all summer.) All those unresolved issues will
be there when he got back. It would be a vacation. He'd be training too hard to worry about
much else he thought. (Time to hit the books.)

Ryoko lay on the roof and stared up at the stars. (He held me, he comforted me, he cares about
me, he's there for me.) An unusually bright shooting star passed overhead, leaving a bright trail.

(Ryo-Ohki, is it?) (Miya - {Translation - no just a meteorite}) Feeling drained from crying, but buoyed
by the comfort and caring Tenchi gave her, she fell asleep, with the stars as her nightlight.

Mihoshi opened her eyes. She felt very tired and had a splitting headache. "ohhh...my head." Washuu
sat up, as she had dozed off during her all night vigil. "How do you feel Mihoshi?" "Oh, awful. What am
I doing here. The last thing I remember is coming into the lab and..." Her eyes went wide, as she
remembered the feelings of what happened. An uncharacteristically sober and serious Mihoshi continued,
"What happened to me Washuu?" The little redhead explained, "You put on what looked like sunglasses,"

The blonde nodded,"They were actually a virtual reality device that allows you to relive someones past
experiences. I think you managed to make it through about fifty years worth before you passed out."

"Who.....whose life was I reliving." (Mihoshi grasped the concept immediately?) Washuu frowned,
usually Mihoshi required much more explaining. "Ryoko's, you experienced what it was like for her
while Kagato was in control of her." Mihoshi's expression was unreadable. For a bit she looked angry.
Then a look of resolution and determination set on her face. "I have to see Ryoko...." Wait Mihoshi, you
must rest...." In her new serious demeanor again, "No, I have to see her now." With that she got up and
left the lab, leaving Washuu alone with a concerned expression.

Breakfast had come and gone. Ryoko had just finished with clean up when she almost ran into Mihoshi.

"Ryoko....." Ryoko looked at Mihoshi (What is that look about?) "Lets go somewhere, I want to talk to
you about something." Something about the look on her face stopped any thoughts of saying no. "Okay."

They went outside and walked down to Funaho. "Ryoko, something happened to me last night. I, well...."

She explained Washuu's little device. She started talking about some of the details of what she saw, what
she felt. "Ryoko, I had no idea. It was so horrible, I......" Both women looked at each other, and the old
Mihoshi surfaced again,"Oh, I'm so sorry!!!!" She grabbed Ryoko into a big hug and started crying. For
the second time in as many days, Ryoko broke down too. Understanding. Someone really understood her.

It wasn't real, what Mihoshi had gone through, but it felt real all the same. They shared that experience
together. For the first time, she felt close to someone besides Tenchi. After a while both women calmed
down enough to talk about it for a while. The more they talked, the more Mihoshi began to return to normal.
One thing that wouldn't change though. The two women shared a common bond now, and would forever be
closer friends because of it.


Babe I'm gonna leave you

-Led Zeppelin



Babe, baby, baby, I'm Gonna Leave You.
I said baby, you know I'm gonna leave you.
I'll leave you when the summertime,
Leave you when the summer comes a-rollin'
Leave you when the summer comes along.

Baby, baby, I don't wanna leave you,
I ain't jokin' woman, I got to ramble.
Oh, yeah, baby, baby, I believin',
We really got to ramble.
I can hear it callin' me the way it used to do,
I can hear it callin' me back home!

Babe...I'm gonna leave you
Oh, baby, you know, I've really got to leave you
Oh I can hear it callin 'me
I said don't you hear it callin' me the way it used to do?

Ohhh

I know, I know
I know I never never never gonna leave your babe
But I got to go away from this place,

I've got to quit you, yeah

Ooh, baby...

Baby, ooh don't you hear it callin' me?

Woman, woman, I know, I know

It feels good to have you back again
And I know that one day baby, it's really gonna grow, yes it is.
We gonna go walkin' through the park every day.
Come what may, every day
Oooh, mama baby

I'm gonna leave you--go away

It was really, really good.

You made me happy every single day.

But now!

I've got to go away!

Baby, baby, baby, baby

That's when it's callin' me
I said that's when it's callin' me back home...



Chapter 3

In the next few days, a new routine started to emerge. Ryoko helped Sasami prepare all the meals. Since she snacked
during the preparation, she behaved less like a glutton during the actual meals, since the edge was taken off her hunger.
Mihoshi and Ryoko started watching TV together, and generally hanging out together whenever she wasn't on patrol. Aeka
began to notice this, and couldn't figure it out.

Tenchi had finished all his finals. He did really well, and at dinner he had to say something to everyone. He stood,"Hey,
I'd just like to thank everyone for bearing with me during this last week of school. I did really great on those tests, with
everything being so pleasant around here I got alot of studying done."

The mention of him going away put a slight cloud on the gathering, Aeka attempted to lighten the mood. That is wonderful
Lord Tenchi, we should celebrate."

Sasami brightened,"Oooh! A party! You deserve it Tenchi for doing well in school! It could be a going away party too!"

Aeka continued,"Yes, a happy time for you to remember us by while you are away!"

Mihoshi bubbled up,"A party! We can sing Karaoke!"

"And I'll get some sake!" Ryoko added.

"Really, Ryoko, can't you have a party without drinking?"

Ryoko flashed Aeka a dirty look, and was about to say something nasty when,

"Be nice to her Aeka! You aren't above drinking a little Sake now and then!"

Everyone stared shocked at Mihoshi, except Washuu. Where did that come from?

Sasami joined in on her,"You aren't supposed to start any trouble Aeka! No fighting!"

Even Tenchi had a look of disapproval on his face.

A now subdued Aeka,"I'm sorry......Ryoko."

"It's okay princess," She almost added 'I know you can't help yourself' But caught a warning thought
from Washuu.

They set about planning for the party. Each figuring out how they could contribute. Nobody noticed as
Washuu slipped away from the table. She had to think about Mihoshi, and her change. Ryoko had
given her Hell about taking her memories and making the device from them. After she had calmed
down a little Washuu explained that she made it to help Tenchi understand her better. "No way are
you putting that thing on Him!" She had said. "It was enough that I had to go through all that. I wouldn't
want anyone else to go through what Mihoshi did, least of all Tenchi!" Maybe I'd better rethink letting
Tenchi try it out. It might be better to have him talk to Mihoshi about it. The four of them had kept the
details of Mihoshi's 'lab accident' to themselves. It would be good therapy for Mihoshi to talk about it
some more. (Mihoshi has changed. Maybe only a little, but life experience does change us. It shapes
us into who we are. I wonder?) Washuu retrieved the glasses. She went to a part of the lab that she
used for taking breaks, and settled down into a reclining chair. (Well, here goes. A taste of my own
medicine so to speak.) She set the glasses to begin at the time of Kagato taking over her daughter,
and turned the intensity level all the way up. (Here we go!) She put them on.........

Aeka was beside herself with frustration. (She is making me look bad by behaving herself these past
few days. And Tenchi is spending more time with her that me! I have to get a hold of these feelings
of jealousy. I must maintain my bearing. Is this part of her scheme? Is she just being obedient for a
change?) She didn't know what to think. Ryoko was cleaning in the kitchen with Sasami. Tenchi was
up at the shrine with Yosho. Noboyuki was home early for a change, relaxing in front of the TV along
with Mihoshi. She decided to take a walk around the lake to think about things.

Up at the shrine, Tenchi and Yosho were going through a series of Kata. He had declared an end to
sparring sessions for the remaining time before the trip. When finished they sat down for some tea.

"Tenchi, there's something I want you to do."

"Yes Grandpa?"

"I want you to return all Ryoko's gems to her."

Tenchi was wide eyed in amazement. Why? He didn't ask for an explaination, he got one anyway.

"While you are away, it would be better if the gems remained here. I want you to take Tenchi-Ken

with you. If anything happens while you are gone, I want Ryoko at full strength."

What he didn't add was the fact that having Ryoko's gems nearby allowed his tree Funaho to draw
power from them, to prevent his aging. Someday, Tenchi would have to learn of the fact that his
Grandfather wasn't so old. Maybe after he fully matured, and started noticing he wasn't getting
any older either.

"Are you sure about this? I could just leave the sword...."

"No Tenchi, keep it with you just in case. Don't worry about Ryoko. Before you leave, make sure you
have a long talk with her."

"Well, okay. Goodnight Grandfather."

Tenchi got up to leave.

"And Tenchi.........Have a talk with Aeka alone before you leave too."

"I will Grandfather."

Tenchi was getting ready for bed when he heard a noise downstairs like someone stumbling around. He
went to investigate, finding Washuu at his fathers liquor cabinet, reaching for a bottle of Nikka Whiskey
with shaking hands. She turned at his approach, and smiled weakly."Sometimes the good old fashioned
remedies are the best." He helped her into a chair, and he sat across from her. "It was horrible Tenchi.
Worse than I had imagined. Mihoshi drew an analogy for me after her experience. She had been through
a class at the Police Academy they have for Women officers. It dealt with helping victims of rape. It was
designed so officers could have an understanding of the psychology of the victim, so they could better
comfort them at the scene, make them more comfortable so they could talk about it, to aid in the investigation.
She said the feelings.......were like that. I understand now what she meant. The imprisonment part, that I
already knew about. But to be controlled, abused....." She took a big slug of whiskey right out of the bottle.
It looked funny, a little girl swigging booze. "Long term abuse produces a certain psychology, a certain
behaviour. It explains alot of why Ryoko acts the way she does. I can get you some books if you want to
read up on it...."

"I want to try it."

If Ryoko's request wasn't enough, her recent experience was. She wouldn't let him.

"No Tenchi. Ryoko doesn't want you to. She knows what it did to Mihoshi. I suggested that
if I turn the intensity down you might try it to understand her better. She is violently opposed
to you going through that." Well, he knows now what the original purpose was at least. If
not why I built the thing in the first place.

"Why? I though she wanted me to know her better?"

"Not like that Tenchi, she doesn't want you to suffer like she did."

Tenchi thought for a little while as Washuu knocked back a few more shots. "Alright. But promise
me one thing Washuu. That you will keep that thing available. I want to talk to Ryoko about this."

The alcohol started to influence the scientist,"Well on one condition."

"What would that be?"

"That you call me, Little WASHUU!!!!"

Tenchi smiled. "Okay, little Washuu. Let me help you up. You don't want to pass out up here."

"Oh Tenchi, you trying to take advantage of a drunk vulnerable lady?"

Tenchi laughed nervously at this, and helped her to the sleeping quarters in her lab.

As he took his leave from her she called after him,"Tenchi....."

"Yes Little Washuu?"

"She loves you. Did you know that?"

"Well, I'm sure that it's....."

"No, she really does."

With that thought, Tenchi headed out of the lab, and up to bed.
Tomorrow was the school picnic. The last day of school. Saying goodbye for the summer, signing
yearbooks, everyone would be excited about summer vacation. ( And my trip begins the following day.
A party tomorrow night too. I'll have such a busy day tomorrow. I've had no time to think about my
feelings. Oh well, I need my rest.) Tenchi drifted off to sleep. After a time, a figure appeared in the
air above him. She couldn't keep away anymore. His guardian angel. His friend. Ryoko.

She had been behaving after all. What harm was there in it. A mischievous grin crossed her face, back
into character again. She had a little plan for tomorrow.

Tenchi woke up before his alarm went off, feeling well rested. He got up and started getting dressed for
his school picnic. More casual clothes than usual for the day. He went downstairs for breakfast, the
smell of food making him all the more hungry. Washuu wasn't there, (I guess she needed to sleep in
after last night.) Sasami came out of the kitchen and sat to eat. She had a bit of a concerned look.

"Anyone seen Ryoko this morning? She has been helping me out in the kitchen every morning until
today." Nobody had. Aeka was relieved to have a breakfast with Tenchi free from Ryoko.

( I knew she couldn't keep this up for long. That bottle of whiskey I saw out this morning explains it,
she tied one on and is passed out somewhere. I will just keep my comments to myself) Aeka thought.

After breakfast she helped Sasami clean up instead of walking Tenchi to the bus. She planned on asking
him to take a walk with him after school today.

At the picnic, Tenchi sat mostly alone with his thoughts. He wasn't one of the popular 'in crowd', but he
had a couple friends. He was quiet, because most of the things he wanted to talk about and had on his
mind just couldn't be discussed. He could picture it now, {What's up Tenchi? Oh nothing, just the usual,
an alien robot that looked like one of my girlfriends tried to kill me the other day} Being quiet was probably
the only reason he wasn't the most popular guy in school. He got up when he saw a friend of his and took
out his yearbook, "Hey Amagasaki!" "Tenchi, vacations finally about to begin! I bet you are looking forward
to hanging out at the old shine all summer huh?" He playfully elbowed Tenchi in the ribs. "Well actually, I
am going traveling this summer." "Oh, where are you...." His friend trailed off and looked over Tenchi's shoulder.

"Who's that?" Tenchi followed his gaze. Walking across the school field was a girl that they didn''t recognize.
All the guys stopped what they were doing to follow her progress across the picnic, many earning a dirty look
or slap from their suddenly ignored girlfriends. She moved with a feline grace that fit her beautifully sculpted
body. She was wearing a simple sundress with a floral pattern, and wearing sunglasses. Her dark hair
fell about her shoulders and framed her face. She walked to the tables where all the food was set out, and
started loading her plate with a ridiculous amount of food. "Wow, she's beautiful," said Amagasaki in a sigh.

"I wonder if she is someones guest. Bet you wish you knew her Tenchi." "Who wouldn't, here sign my
yearbook!" "Okay, lets see. "To my friend Tenchi, have a great summer, but stay away from the mummies
this time, signed, Me!" "You are still the old clown aren't you." The two friends sat down to eat, when
Amagasaki saw another buddy and went to chase him down."See you later Tenchi!" He didn't notice the
approach of the mystery woman. "Mind if I join you?" Tenchi looked up to see the raven haired beauty.

Taken aback for a moment he gestured to a spot next to him with his hand, "Please." Now all eyes were
on Tenchi, relief on some of the girls faces, jealousy and envy on some of the guys. Tenchi hated attention.

(She's gorgeous, why is she sitting next to me? What is this?) He watched her as she sat down, transfixed.
She arranged her plate in front of her and looked at him. She reached up and lowered her sunglasses a little
revealing her eyes, golden, staring deeply into his. Realization hit. "Ryoko! What are you doing here? Your
hair!","Shhh Tenchi, don't worry, I promise to behave." He was embarrassed that she had seen him looking
at her like that. (It's funny, I never really looked at her purely as a woman. I associate so many other things
with her that I just never took a good look. She really is beautiful.) "I'm in disguise Tenchi, I think my hair and
eye color might be a bit much for them to handle around here." Tenchi laughed at that, and relaxed a little.

"Okay fine. Just don't start any trouble. I don't want my school blown up again." Ryoko looked down at that,

"I only wanted to spend some time with you away from home for a change." They talked for a bit, Tenchi
telling the stories of different classmates, pointing each one out as he told stories of the happenings at school.
He had to admit to himself, he was glad she was here. He was closer to her than anyone at school, and they
could talk about anything together. Tenchi noticed that some people were paying more attention to the two
of them than he would have liked. "C'mon Ryoko, lets go for a walk." He beat a hasty exit. They began a
walk around the outskirts of the school grounds. (I guess now is as good a time as any),"Ryoko, when we
get back to the house, I want to return the rest of your gems to you." Ryoko reacted with an intake of
breath, eyes unreadable as she faced him because of the sunglasses. "Tenchi, why?" "They are yours
of course. You should have them." "Why now?" "Well, I'm going away for the summer, and I'm taking my
sword with me. With the stuff that happens around here you might need them while I'm gone." She
didn't know what to think, then an awful thought occured to her. (Is he giving them to me because he thinks
they are what is keeping me here? Does he want me to leave) It was terrible to contemplate. Tears, hidden
behind the glasses (Damn that Zero making me all emotional), but not in hidden in her voice. She had to
ask, "Tenchi, do you want me to......go?" In a heartbeat, he saw her misunderstanding. He turned to her,
placing his hands on her shoulders. "No way, Ryoko. I want you to stay, as long as you want." He
reached over and took off her glasses, seeing the hope and fear in her eyes. "I'll be expecting you to be home
waiting for me when I return at the end of summer." He put an edge of command in his voice, in a joking sort
of way. She brightened, her face lighting up with her natural beauty. Tenchi's heart skipped a beat, and gave
into impulse, pulling her to him in an affectionate hug. A longer hug than that reserved for family and friends,
by just a little. "C'mon, I want to introduce you to some of my friends. Let's see, who will I tell them you are?"

He cooked up a story about Ryoko being a friend he had met during the last summer break, who goes to school
in the next district over. Tenchi enjoyed the momentary popularity, always pulling away before the questions
got too difficult to answer. Ryoko was enjoying the whole thing, (This is what it would be like to be Tenchi's
girlfriend at school.) She sighed dreamily. At the end of the day, they made their goodbyes and headed to
he busses. "Tenchi, can we keep this between us?" Tenchi was feeling pretty good. She had behaved very
well. She hadn't really broken any rules, and actually saved him soome time. "Sure. In fact, I want to thank
you for going to the trouble of coming out here. It would have been boring without you." He was rewarded
with a beautiful smile. "No bother at all, my Tenchi. Well, I better go back the way I came." With that, she
rounded a corner and disappeared.

Back at at the house Aeka had been fuming ever since she discovered Ryoko had been gone all day. (What
kind of trouble was she getting Lord Tenchi into. She has to be with him. Where else would she be. That
Demon woman is up to no good, I''m sure of it.) She started down the path to the bus stop to meet Tenchi,
fearing the worst.

Mihoshi sat up when she heard someone come in. She stared agape at Ryoko's hair. "What...."

Let's go to the baths Mihoshi, I'd enjoy your company." With her friends invitation, the unusual
color was soon forgotten. At the baths, Mihoshi helped Ryoko scrub the coloration and chemicals
out of Ryoko's hair, who dismissed it as just trying a new style. They relaxed later in the hot water,
discussing police and pirate procedures and tactics. Mihoshi found this fascinating, and figured
she could use this information in the future. Ryoko of course, had no intention of ever using this
knowledge again.

"So how was the school picnic Tenchi?"

"It was very nice. I had a pleasant day today."

"Anything unusual happen?" She asked in a nonchalant way.

Tenchi hid his nervousness at this question. "No Aeka, why would there be."

"Oh, no reason, Lord Tenchi."

(Man, is she ever suspicious of Ryoko. Well, I guess she has good reason to be.)

Tenchi couldn't suppress a laugh.

"What is it, why did you laugh?"

"Oh, just thinking about some of my yearbook signatures."

They took a seat and he went though the book with her, page by page. Explaining who was who and
what was what. (Grandfather wanted me to talk to her before I left, but about what? Maybe just to
talk to her as I am now - is that what he meant?) After a time they went to the house. Tenchi went
up to the shrine for his last practice, and Aeka went to take a bath before getting ready for the party
that night.

She entered the baths to find Ryoko and Mihoshi there, chatting away. (There they are, the odd couple)
She began to think of the two that way, the unlikely pair. She dared not voice that little nickname until
Tenchi was safely away on his trip. "Hi Aeka!" said the ever happy blonde,"you excited about the party
tonight?" "Yes Mihoshi, Sasami and I have been busy all day in preparation." "I know, I saw the decorations
when I got back from patrol, you both did a nice job, it's beautiful." Ryoko remained silent throughout. She
wanted to avoid answering any questions. Not a chance. "So Ryoko, what did you do all day?" Cornered,
think fast! "I spent a little time with Mom" (Cover for me please!)(You got it little Ryoko.)"You know, we
have a lot of catching up to do." Aeka seemed satisfied with this answer. Ryoko got up and decided to
go see Tenchi. He would be training now.

She phased to the top of the steps. Tenchi was doing some unusual sword work. Since they weren't sparring,
Yosho had given him a katana to practice with. He wove an unusual pattern that seemed to blend into the
alternating shade and sunlight produced by the overhead branches. It was almost hypnotic, watching the
blade flash, then seemingly disappear and reappear. She saw the focus and determination in his features.

Watching him like this, made her feel a little funny. He looked so good to her when he was serious about
something. He was finished all of a sudden. He quickly sheathed his blade with an elegant practiced
movement, when he noticed Ryoko. He smiled at her. "Ryoko, what's up?" She snapped out of it. "Just
came up to see what you were doing." Yosho appeared. "Tenchi, this would probably be a good time for
it." "Right. Come inside please, Ryoko." He took her hand and led her into the shrine. "I'm giving them
back to you now." It was almost ceremonial. Tenchi had her sit across from him, with Yosho in attendence
in the front of the small dojo inside the shrine. He produced Tenchi-Ken. He nodded to his Grandfather,
who nodded back. With that he pointed the hilt towards Ryoko, bowed his head and closed his eyes.

The two gems started to glow brightly, and disappeared. They appeared again on Ryoko, one at her other
wrist, and her neck. The power she felt then, coursing through her. Her pulse quickened. It was intoxicating
Not for 700 years had she felt so.....complete. Then memories began to flood her mind. She quickly relived
the chase across the galaxy from Jurai to Earth, the sword in her throat, then.....nothing." She had her eyes
squeezed tightly shut, and was shaking. Tenchi looked up, worry and concern writ clear across his face.

He started to get up to go to her when a hand gesture from Yosho bade him to hold. In time, her shaking
ceased. She looked up at Tenchi, and saw his concern. "It's alright, I'm fine." He visibly relaxed. Then
she looked at Yosho. "My answer is yes. Honorable Grandfather." (What would be an appropriate exit?)
She stood, bowed, and phased downward through the floor. Tenchi looked at his Grandfather questioningly.

"It's alright Tenchi. You can trust her. I do." It still didn't answer his question. (Grandpa, cryptic as usual,
and now Ryoko too?) "I believe we have a party to go to, right Tenchi?" They got up and headed home.

Ryoko now had three things to occupy her time over the summer. Cooking, fighting, and her new friendship
with Mihoshi. She thought about playing around with some of her powers, experimenting. (No, better wait
and talk to Washuu first.) Getting back her gems gave her some of the old fire back that she felt had been
diminished when merging with Zero. (I will do my best to behave, for Tenchi.) She thought about the way
he had looked at her today. He seemed a little different lately, and acted a little different towards her. Of
course, she had been acting more restrained. He did seem more confident though. It made him all the
more attractive to her.

Tenchi was more confident, for more reasons than one. Things seemed more peaceful, he had mastered
the sword, he did great on his finals, and the way he felt at the picnic. The way everyone acted towards
him with Ryoko at his side, (Well, that was an ego booster, I think I'm letting too much go to my head.)
But he couldn't help but feel very secure. Well, he would have the attentions of several beautiful women
tonight. For once, he looked forward to it.

The party was wonderful. Better than he expected. With his Father and Grandfathers permission he even
had some sake. It produced a nice warm feeling inside. It also boosted his confidence a bit more, and
loosened his inhibitions a bit. He danced with the girls, and even sang some karaoke. Ryoko was a bit
in the cups herself. She got the nerve to ask Tenchi to sing a duet with her. Feeling loose, he agreed:



Now I've had the time of my life

No I never felt like this before

Yes I swear it's the truth

And I owe it all to you

'Cause I've had the time of my life

And I owe it all to you

I've been waiting for so long

Now I've finally found someone

To stand by me

We saw the writing on the wall

As we felt this magical

Fantasy

Now with passion in our eyes

There's no way we could disguise it

Secretly

So we take each other's hand

'Cause we seem to understand

The urgency

Just remember

You're the one thing

I can't get enough of

So I'll tell you something

This could be love because

I've had the time of my life

No I never felt this way before

Yes I swear it's the truth

And I owe it all to you

Hey, baby

With my body and soul

I want you more than you'll ever know

So we'll just let it go

Don't be afraid to lose control, no

Yes I know what's on your mind

When you say, "Stay with me tonight"

Just remember

You're the one thing

I can't get enough of

So I'll tell you something

This could be love because

I've had the time of my life

No I never felt this way before

Yes I swear it's the truth

And I owe it all to you

But I've had the time of my life

And I've searched though every open door

Till I found the truth

And I owe it all to you

(SOLO)

Now I've had the time of my life

No I never felt this way before

Yes I swear it's the truth

And I owe it all to you

I've had the time of my life

No I never felt this way before

Yes I swear it's the truth

And I owe it all to you

'Couse I've had the time of my life

And I've searched though every open door

Till I found the truth

And I owe it all to you...

(Bill Medley and Jennifer Warnes (I've Had) The Time of My Life - Dirty Dancing Soundtrack)




Aeka couldn't let that go, and made him sing one with her:



HER: They say we're young and we don't know We won't find out until we grow

HIM: Well I don't know if all that's true 'Cause you got me, and baby I got you

HIM: Babe

BOTH: I got you babe I got you babe

HER: They say our love won't pay the rent Before it's earned, our money's all been spent

HIM: I guess that's so, we don't have a pot But at least I'm sure of all the things we got

HIM: Babe

BOTH: I got you babe I got you babe

HIM: I got flowers in the spring I got you to wear my ring

HER: And when I'm sad, you're a clown And if I get scared, you're always around

HER: Don't let them say your hair's too long 'Cause I don't care, with you I can't go wrong

HIM: Then put your little hand in mine There ain't no hill or mountain we can't climb

HIM: Babe

BOTH: I got you babe I got you babe

HIM: I got you to hold my hand

HER: I got you to understand

HIM: I got you to walk with me

HER: I got you to talk with me I got you to kiss goodnight I got you to hold me tight I got you,

I won't let go I got you to love me so

BOTH: I got you babe I got you babe I got you babe I got you babe I got you babe

(I Got You Babe - Sonny and Cher)

It was all in good fun. It was getting late, and Sasami had nodded off on the couch.
Mihoshi was yawning loudly. It was late and she had a bit of Sake herself. Tenchi
carried Sasami to her room and barely made it to his own. Ryoko and Mihoshi passed
out on the couch. It had been a great day, and a great night. Tomorrow, was another day.



How do I get through the night without you?
If I had to live without you,
What kind of life would that be?
Oh, I need you in my arms, need you to hold,
You're my world, my heart, my soul,
If you ever leave,
Baby you would take away everything good in my life,
And tell me now

How do I live without you?
I want to know,
How do I breathe without you?
If you ever go,
How do I ever, ever survive?
How do I, how do I, oh how do I live?

Without you,
There'd be no sun in my sky,
There would be no love in my life,
There'd be no world left for me.
And I,
Baby I don't know what I would do,
I'd be lost if I lost you,
If you ever leave,
Baby you would take away everything real in my life,
And tell me now,

How do I live without you?
I want to know,
How do I breathe without you?
If you ever go,
How do I ever, ever survive?
How do I, how do I, oh how do I live?

Please tell me baby,
How do I go on?
If you ever leave,
Baby you would take away everything,
I need you with me,
Baby don't you know that you're everything,
Real in my life?
And tell me now,

How do I live without you,
I want to know,
How do I breathe without you?
If you ever go,
How do I ever, ever survive?
How do I, how do I, oh how do I live?

How do I live without you?

How do I live without you baby? (How Do I Live - Written by Diane Warren)





Chapter 4

Ryoko woke up sometime before the birds began their morning song. Not from a nightmare for a change. She looked over
at her friend Mihoshi, snoring loudly. (Better to be woken that way.) She felt the urge to check on Tenchi. Phasing just
outside his window, she looked in. All seemed well. He slept peacefully. She felt restless. (I wonder if Washuu is up?)
(I sure am!)(Oh.....mind if I come by?)(You never have to ask me that, come on down.) Ryoko made her way to the broom
closet and into the lab. She found Washuu working on some project. Many active holotop screens surrounded her floating
in the air. At her daughters approach she looked up. She looked anxious. Of course it was because of Tenchi's imminent
departure. "Ryoko, I want to talk with you about something." "Okay, sure." "Tell me about your past, what you remember,
this is very important." Ryoko snapped out of her funk and had an angry expression on her face,"I'm not an experiment!"
Washuu began to speak rapidly,"Ryoko, please listen. Give me a chance okay? Please, just trust me. I'm trying to be the
concerned parent here." Ryoko calmed down a bit. She looked upward, took a deep breath, and let it out. "Okay, what do
you want me to remember, alot has happened to me." "Well, start with the beginning, the earliest memories." "Well, it is
kind of fuzzy. Some of the first things I remember were being given orders by Kagato and going out on missions. In the
process I killed people. I stole many ancient artifacts for Kagato in his quest for power." Ryoko continued, and spoke
dispassionately of many horrible atrocities she had commited. (This is all wrong, she doesn't seem bothered by it.) She
interrupted,"It must have been horrible for you, Ryoko." A puzzled look appeared on her daughters face,"You know, it
didn't really bother me then." Washu explained her concern,"Ryoko, I tried the device to relive your memories, throughout
them I felt your feelings of horror." Ryoko looked perplexed,"That isn't how I felt at the time." This came as a shock for
Washuu. Her device couldn't be faulty. "Are you sure you didn't feel horrified at what you were doing?" Ryoko thought
for a minute. She bowed her head and was silent. Washuu was about to say something when Ryoko continued in a
very weak voice. "It was enjoyable. It gave me pleasure." Washuu's eyes grew wide at this. Ryoko continued. "I had
no choice, I had to obey. In the beginning, I felt no emotion. Over time, I saw the way people reacted towards me, and
I tried to understand it. I began to like the recognition in their eyes.....the fear of me. They had feelings for me. After a
time the more brutal I was, the stronger the reaction I got. That was the only relationship I had, killer and victim. After
a time, I grew weary of it. I wanted to get different responses. Something else......but since eveyone feared me it was
never to be." Washuu was horrified. How could she have been so cold and cruel, so.....inhuman. Ryoko was shaking
now,"Then I was sealed in the cave. Trapped with my memories. My feelings. I had alot of time to contemplate what
I had done. I thought I would be in there forever. I learned new feelings. Despair, fear, hopelessness. In time, I found
I could project myself outside of the cave, and observe. I saw people going about their lives, happy, sad, in love. I felt
sorrow. I knew that I could never have that. I was trapped forever. I began to feel guilt. The people I killed. That which
I desired most, I had deprived others of. What I would have given to be them. I wished for merciful oblivion to envelop me.
I wanted it all to end." Ryoko was crying now. As she grew introspective, she didn't care if Washuu saw now. "Then.....
he saw me." She paused and looked up,"and the look on his face wasn't fear. H-h-he....smiled at me." Washuu was
totally lost. The feelings she was describing now agreed with what she had experienced with her device. "He saw me,
after all that time, someone saw me, and he wasn't afraid." (I have to understand this, what did Kagato do to her, he
must have done something to her mind.) Washuu could feel the pain in her daughters mind and carefully approached her.
She looked into her eyes and saw the hurt there, the fear. She put her arms around her and hugged her as a mother
holds her daughter. Ryoko finally accepted her comfort as mother, and broke down. Crying like never before. (I will get
to the bottom of this. This is my only purpose in life now, to straighten her out.)

After a time, she led Ryoko to a couch. She curled up into the fetal position and Washuu placed a cover over her. (I need
to go over the data again.) She analyzed and recross checked her data until the sun came up. She had an answer.
Ryoko had stretched out a little bit, awake, but with a blank expression on her face. Washuu pulled a chair close to her
and sat. She reached over and took one of Ryoko's hands in both of hers. "Kagato did some things to your mind. He
closed doors to certain parts of your mind, and amplified parts of others. There were feelings in you, but they were trapped
down deep inside. He shut those parts of you away to be a more effective.......tool to him." Ryoko looked at her mother,
and sadness showed in her eyes. "It will take some time to figure it all out. The mind is very complex. It is not too difficult
to find what was done. The tough part will be fixing it. I might not even be able to sort it all out." She saw a look of despair
from her daughter. She had to tell her something hopeful, "Much has been fixed already though. Being out of Kagato's
control for so long allowed your emotions to redevelop. Merging with Zero did you some good as well. I will keep working
on this, and I will take care of it." She had said the right thing. A look of hope dawned across Ryoko's visage. Washuu
felt that was enough for her to swallow for one sitting. There was still much for her to deal with that day.

Tenchi awoke to the sound of his alarm. He felt a little woozy from the sake. It suddenly dawned on him. (I've got to get
ready!) He jumped up and quickly dressed. He ran about the room and gathered the last of his personal items to go
along, putting them in the top of his duffel bag. He ran down the steps, placing the bag by the door. Sasami was up,
setting food out on the table. Tenchi smiled at her, remembering how cute she looked as her carried her up the steps
the night before. Mihoshi was at the table already, and was yawning and stretching as Tenchi sat down. He favored
her with a smiled that she returned sleepily. Aeka came out of the kitchen carrying some more things for the table and
looked at Tenchi, with a small smile, but a sad look in her eyes. Yosho and Noboyuki were there as well. Tenchi's
father made arrangements with work to come in later than usual so he could see his son off. Only Washuu and Ryoko
were absent. Everyone was generally silent, except for Noboyuki. He was excited for Tenchi. He wished that he
could get away on a similar trip, but was very happy for his only son. Aeka saw that Tenchi was concerned about
something. He must be unhappy about not seeing me for the summer, he won't admit it to me to spare the others
feelings. After breakfast Tenchi went into the kitchen to see Sasami. He kneeled down in front of her so they were
more eye to eye. "I want to thank you Sasami, for always being the bright sunshine of the house, and for keeping
the other girls in line too." He was rewarded with a bright smile and giggle. He gave her a big hug and kissed her
forehead. "Do me a favor, take care of everyone while I am gone." She said,"I will for you!" with a serious look on
her face. He stood, mussed her hair, and was gone.

Mihoshi was sitting on the couch, watching some of the morning cartoon shows. He sat next to her and placed an
arm around her shoulders. Mihoshi seemed suprised at this unusual show of emotion from Tenchi, then quickly
recovered and rested her head against his shoulder for a moment. "I know I can count on you to protect everyone
while I am gone." Mihoshi turned to him and nodded soberly to him. She was on the verge of tears he could see.
He gave her a quick hug and disappeared before the dam burst.

The first part of his travel was to be a van that would pick him up at the house and take him to the airport. It would
be arriving shortly. He went to see Aeka. She was waiting at the door with Yosho and Noboyuki. "Dad, Grandpa,
I'd just like a moment outside alone with Aeka. They smiled and bowed out. Outside the weather was very nice,
but there were thick clouds in the distance. He led her out onto the deck that streched out over the water. He
truned to face her and took both of her hands in his. "You know Aeka, this isn't easy for me."

"Tenchi...."

"I will miss you, and think of you while I am gone. Take care of Sasami for me, and Grandfather."

"You know I will Tenchi......I"

Before she could say anything else, her grabbed her up in a big hug. Aeka began to melt against him...

Then he quickly broke away, and walked off. He moved like a man on a mission.

Back in the house, see seached. The rafter, the baths, the roof, his room.........to the lab.
He walked in to find mother and daughter sleeping, one on a couch and the other in a chair
nearby. (Should I wake them? They will have wanted to good-bye, bu they are sleeping so
soundly. They must be getting along better, getting closer. That's good. I'd better wake
them.) He went to Washuu first, laid a hand on her shoulder, and slowly moved it back and
forth. Washuu sat up, suddenly alert. She looked at Tenchi with an unreadable expression.

"Little Washuu, I am leaving soon. I wanted to say good-bye." Washuu smiled then, "Tenchi,
I'm glad you came by. There's something I want you to have. She got up and went to a table
and handed him a box. "What's this?", he asked nervously. "Oh, it's no big deal. It's not
even an invention of mine. It's a little something for when you really miss us." He'd have to
trust her. "Thank you, now I've got to wake Ryoko." Washuu looked at her daughter,
concerned. The way she went to sleep, to wake up to Tenchi to say goodbye. It might be
like a rubber band snapping. "Tenchi, I want you to trust me on this. Let her be for now."

He didn't like it. He looked at Ryoko sleeping. He looked at her face. Something was up.

"Okay, Little Washuu." He suprised her with a big hug, and was gone.

Out front of the house, he met with his Father, Grandfather, and Aeka. They walked towards
the road together, Noboyuki laughing and patting his son on the back, wondering out loud
about all that his son would see. The unusual thing about Tenchi's travel arrangements was
that only Yosho knew where he was going. It was a secret to keep the girls from tracking him
down. Tenchi was upset about not getting a chance to say goodbye to Ryoko. Not only would
she be mad at him, but he just felt miserable about it. All of a sudden, the van was there.

Tenchi gave Aeka and his Father quick hugs then his Grandfather.

Yosho grew very solemn. "Learn all that you can. There is much more to all this than Martial
Arts. I am very proud of you." Tenchi nodded. He got onto the van and it sped off. Just before
the bend, he waved, then was gone.



Ryoko awoke alone. She sat up and looked around. (What time is it.) She looked around wildy and
spotted a clock on the wall. (oh, no!) She jumped up and was about to run screaming for the door
when in her mind she heard (STOP, it's okay. You will see him off.) Washuu appeared around the
corner. "He....he's gone?" Washuu smiled,"Not yet, not exactly." Perplexed, Ryoko was about to
ask for an explaination. Washuu just said,"Let's go to the baths. After that, you can go see Tenchi
and say good bye. The bath did Ryoko some good. She was still a little shook up from her
revelations earlier that morning, but soaking in the hot water cleared her mind. Afterwards she began
to get dressed in her regular clothes when Washuu stopped her. "Wait, not those, here." She handed
Ryoko something covered on a clothes hanger. She removed the cover and saw the dress beneath,
eyes wide with wonder. "Go ahead, try it on.' It wasn't a particularly fancy or revealing dress. It was
a simple blue dress. The skirt went to just above the knees, and it had short sleeves, with a modest
cut to the neckline. A simple dress, yes. But on Ryoko, the effect was stunning. "Here, before you
go, let me do your hair." Washuu brushed her hair for a while, and then pulled it all back into a pony
tail. "Okay, that'll do. Let me show you," she pulled a map out of nowhere,"here we are, and there is
the airport. Stay low when you get closes, I don't want you running into any planes." Ryoko studied
the map for a bit, then disappeared. (Thanks Mom.)(Sure thing daughter.)

"Attention all passengers, due to the weather in the vicinity, there will be a delay in all flights until
further notice." Tenchi sat with his shoulders slumped. It was bad enough that he didn't get to
say goodbye to Ryoko, but here he was with all this wasted time he could have used to do so.
When he arrived at the airport, the van driver told him the airline to check in with. At the counter,
they had all his information on the computer. They checked his baggage and handed him a
ticket. He looked at his destination. (America, San Francisco, wow! Good thing English was
one of the languages I took in school.) When the excitement wore off, he noticed the tall storm
clouds all around the airport. They were the obvious reason for the delay. Lost in his thoughts,
he heard his name on the public address system,"Tenchi Masaki, you have a call on the yellow
courtesy phone." (Ryoko!) He got up and looked around for the courtesy phones, they were
nowhere to be seen. He ran to the desk at the gate and the woman there told him where to find
one. He reached it shortly and grabbed the phone off the hook and breathlessly said,"Hello......
hello?" No answer. Disappointed, he hung up the phone and as he turned to go back to the
gate.... Before him stood Ryoko. Without thought he grabbed her and picked her up and spun
her around. Any of the clouds left over in her mind were swept away. (Oh, I wish I could have a
picture of the way he looked at me just now!) He set her down and said,"How did you find me?"

She titled her head down and looked into his eyes,"Washuu said you'd be here, so I came."

"Well, I'm glad you made it, I have a while to wait because of weather delays."

"Great, hey are you hungry Tenchi?"

"Well, yes actually!"

"Lets have lunch, it's on me okay?"

(Now where did she get money?)

Washuu was not without resources, and managed to supply Ryoko with enough yen
for a decent lunch at airport prices.

They sat together while they ate, reminiscing about the times they had, laughing and joking
together. It was a wonderful lunch. Towards the end, Ryoko's brow furrowed, as if in thought.
She reached across the table and took Tenchi's hand. He didn't pull it away, instead, he
squeezed her hand in return. She looked into his eyes. There were things she wanted to
say, but the time wasn't right yet. Maybe when he returned.......

They got up and began walking towards the gate where Tenchi's flight was parked.

"It's time for you to go." Tenchi was about to ask for clarification when she continued, "I'm not
very good at saying goodbye. I haven't had much practice." He saw the sadness in her eyes.

He pulled her into a hug. She pulled back a bit so she was face to face with him. She wanted
to kiss him, but was too afraid of him rejecting him at this moment, so she kissed him lightly
on the cheek. They faced again, and looked deeply into each others eyes. There was something
about her eyes, her look, her smile. Something happened then, that just seemed so natural to
him. Her kissed her, lightly, yet slowly on the lips. He broke off and looked into her eyes again.
She had a mixed look of joy and sadness. She was about to say something to him when he
put a finger to her lips,"Shhh, wait until I get back. We can figure things out then."

"Attention, Continental flight 67 nonstop service to San Franciso will begin boarding, we would like......"

"Goodbye, Ryoko."

"Goodbye, my Tenchi."

They parted and she started walking away. Tenchi just stood and watched her go. He had suprised her,
and himself as well. Before she turned the corner, she looked over her shoulder at him and smiled......
then she was gone.



****************************************************************************



Mixed emotions, wasn't life full of them. Ryoko tore through the air at a high rate of speed. Having all her
gems back allowed her to go much faster than she ever had before. She felt her love for Tenchi, her greatest
treasure. It made her feel stronger too. That kiss, it would carry her through the following months. She had
some things to work through, but she had her Mom and Mihoshi for support, and her love. To think that the love
she had for him would finally be returned filled her heart with joy. It eclipsed the sadness of his departure.

Soon she was home. (Home, his home, my home. Family. Love is the anchor that keeps me here, so that
I don't go adrift.) She phased into the house and went to the lab. She found Washuu looking over her many
screens. "Thanks for the weather delay Mom." Washuu beamed,"Well, it was easy really, I just had to stall
that cold front by..." Ryoko cut her off. "Thanks anyway, it means more to me than you know." (Of course I
know) Washuu thought to her (MOM! That was a private moment!) "Did you think I could tune out that sudden
burst of emotion from you?" Ryoko laughed, "Well I guess not." Washuu though for a moment. "It has been
a tough day for you, for both of us. Why don't we go over to my entertainment center and watch a movies."

"Sure, okay."

Washuu's 'entertainment center' had about the same layout as a standard movie theater, but with much nicer
places to sit - including a hot tub if anyone felt so inclined. Washuu searched through the movies available
to her until she found something Ryoko might enjoy Batman Returns, mainly because of the Catwoman
character. She was right.

Dinner was a quiet affair. Ryoko made it to the kitchen in time to help Sasami prepare the meal. Sasami was
glad to see Ryoko, she was worried when she wasn't around for lunch. During the meal, the women all sat
close to each other. Aeka, Sasami, Ryoko, and Mihoshi in that order. With Tenchi missing, they unconciously
huddled together for reassurance. Yosho noticed this and smiled. Maybe now they would learn to appreciate
each others company more. After dinner, all four girls pitched in to clean up. Yosho asked Ryoko to meet him
at the shire when she was finished, and departed.

He found her waiting for him. It was a much faster trip for Ryoko up the stairs.

"Ryoko, I'm glad you decided to do this. Today we begin with meditatation." They sat in the small dojo
located within the shrine. "Okay sit like this, make sure you are comfortable. Rest your hands like so.
Now close your eyes. Relax. Think about your breathing. Breathe in through your nose and out through
your mouth, now I want you to clear your mind..........." He went on to explain more of the technique. It
seemed as though she was having a tough time with it, but them she seemed to relax. Yes, thats it.

Yosho brought himself into a deep level of meditation..............

Ryoko in deep. She found herself at a level of peace she had never known before. Then she heard a voice,

"Open your eyes."

Yosho beaconed for Ryoko to rise. "That is enough for the first day. You did very well." He bowed and she
returned it, then phased away.



****************************************************************************


Tenchi looked out the window over the ocean so far below. The plane was still climbing, passing though some
thin cloud layers. (I'm on my way. I wonder what they are doing right now?) Tenchi thought of the box Washuu
had given to him. He was afraid to open it, but curiousity go thte better of him. He found two things inside. One
was a global satellite phone. One of those really high tech ones he'd seen businessmen in Tokyo carry around.
(Well that's not so bad.) The other was a group picture, wallet size. He smiled as he remembered the occasion
it was taken. (That Washuu is really something. I know time on those phones is really expensive, so I'll try to
limit myself.) Soon the inflight entertainment system was turned on. He looked through the guide to see what
movie he wanted to see first. He decided on an action movie, but he watched it in English, to practice his
comprehension. As the flight attendents brought the meals by, they had a choice of Japanese or American food.
(May as well get used to what I'll be eating) Not that airline food was a benchmark for judging food served on
the ground. He settled in for the long flight. Soon he started to get sleepy, and the last thing he saw before
nodding off was the blue sky out the window, blue like her dress.........





Paradise

by Tesla

Hold me close now, hold me tight
Don't let go of me tonight
You're all I want, you're all I need
Hold me close now, hold me tight
Don't let go of me tonight

Sweet paradise, yeah

How I love all of those crazy little things
You've said and done for me
You're the one for me
Darlin', dry your eyes
I can't stand to see you cry
Now just turn and walk away
Don't look back when I say goodbye paradise

Days go by and life goes on
Feel I've been away too long
What I would give to be with you
Days go by and life drags on
Feel I've been away too long
For much too long, yeah

And all the while that I'm away
Don't let our love fade away
Don't you fade away
Now as sure as the sun is gonna shine
The day will come
Now I'm waitin' for the day
There'll be no more sayin' goodbye paradise

My sweet paradise
You are the reason why
It tears me up inside
And I break down and cry
Didn't want to say goodbye paradise

Comin' home to you tonight
Comin' home to you tonight, so hold on tight
Tonight I'm on my way back home to paradise

I'm so lost without you
I can't live without you
I've been away too long now
Tonight I'm on my way back home to you

My, my paradise

My, my paradise

To hold you in my arms, you're all that I adore
To see your smilin' face as I walk through the door, yeah
I'll never say goodbye again, no 



All text enclosed within [brackets] in Tenchi scenes is being spoken in Japanese.



Chapter 5

Tenchi dozed on and off lightly throughout the 10 hour flight. He woke up for the meals, and only
managed to watch one movie. He tried not to think too much, he wanted to be rested for his
arrival. (I wonder what arrangements have been made for me at the airport.) After his flight was
parked at the gate, they began offloading. Tenchi made his way out and up the ramp. He felt
a little funny. It didn't seem right that it was light outside. Jet lag, he'd heard of it. He felt a
little excited. (America! To finally see America!) Once inside the airport, he looked about.
He couldn't recall ever seeing so many different people in one place (makes my house seem
downright plain.) It was a little disorienting, the many different clothing styles, skin colors,
manners of speaking. (No wonder these are called international airports.)

Tenchi breezed through customs. He was worried that the Tenchi-Ken would bring unwanted
attention. They just dismissed it as a decorative piece.
Once inside the main terminal he was lost. (Okay, I'm here. Now what am I supposed to do?)
Then out of nowhere he saw a sign with his name on it, written in Japanese. He focused on it
and moved in. The man holding the sign was searching about. He was about 5' 8", with short
curly hair and light brown skin, and a small mustache. Tenchi stood before him and caught his
eye. The man, who looked to be about 22 smiled and said, [Hello, are you Tenchi Masaki?]

[Yes sir.]

[Do you speak English?]

"Yes."

"That's great, because all the Japanese I know is what I just said!"

Tenchi smiled at this,"Okay, but please speak more slowly. I have not had much practice with
normal conversational English."

"Let me introduce myself. My name is Raoul Fernandez. My fathers name is Ernesto. He is the
man you will be training with. He asked me to be your guide while you are here."

Tenchi slowly absorbed this information, at least the words he understood. "I am pleased to meet
you Raoul. Do you know where I have to go to get my luggage?"

"Sure, let's go!"

Raoul stepped off with a springy, energetic gait. Tenchi walked behind him as he was led through the
terminal. Soon they stood before the luggage pickup point, and the bags slowly made their way onto
the conveyor. After retrieving his duffel, they walked outside. Cars were lined up as people loaded and
unloaded. The weather was very pleasant, a little warm with a light breeze. Everything just smelled
different to Tenchi, and things just didn't seem as clean as he was used to. Soon Raoul was waving
to someone, and a green Jeep Cherokee pulled up. A woman about Raoul's age got out, with dark
sandy blonde hair and dark eyes, with skin just a little darker than Raoul. She smiled at Tenchi and
said,"Hello Tenchi, my name is Maria. Let's just get your bags in here and we can talk on the way.
They don't like you parking here too long." Tenchi kind of caught what she meant, and followed her
to the back of the truck and placed his bags inside. Once they were on their way Raoul gave Maria
a quick kiss and said in a joking manner,"Maria is my wife, so don't you be getting any funny ideas."

The impression Tenchi had of Raoul was of a happy, funny, charismatic individual. Maria seemed
outgoing as well, very friendly, and very pretty. They spoke rapidly in what seemed like Spanish
sometimes, between pointing out the sights and talking to him. "So how was your flight Tenchi?"

"It was okay. I tried to rest mostly."

"When you aren't training with Papa, we are going to show you around, and take you out partying!"

(Partying? Well, when in Rome!) "That sounds like fun."

"We'll get you to the house and feed you a nice dinner. Then we'll get you settled in. You will need a
good nights sleep after such a flight. Papa is out taking care of some things. He will be back later
tonight, and sends his regrets for not being able to greet you at the house. You will see him in the
morning." They seemed to notice Tenchi was beginning to nod off, and talked quietly together.

"Okay we're here!"

Tenchi woke and sat up, a little disoriented. He saw that they were sitting in the driveway of a modest
two story house in a suburban neighborhood. Raoul got his bags for him and led him into the house.
He showed him where the guest bedroom was and set his bags inside, and walked him out to the backyard.

"Have a seat, relax," as he indicated a lounge chair on the back patio. "Would you like a beer?" Tenchi
didn't want to refuse the hospitality, and a beer sounded good right about now, so he accepted. Relaxing
in the shade with a cold one too, Raoul chatted away. Apparently from what Tenchi could gather, his
Father taught Martial Arts part time, and did some light residential construction work full time. Raoul
helped his father with the dojo sometimes, but he and Maria worked full time and were saving money
so they could move out of their apartment and into a house. Maria did administrative work for a corporation
and Raoul worked at a machine shop. Someday he wanted to open his own shop, but he admitted he
had much to learn about the trade yet. Tenchi couldn't help but like the guy. Thankfully, he hadn't been
asked much, because he was better at listening to English than speaking it, and he wasn't sure what of
his homelife he would be able to relate. After about three beers, Tenchi was beginning to nod off again.
About that time Mrs. Fernandez came home. She was a slightly plump woman with dark eyes and hair,
with very light skin. When Raoul introduced Tenchi she came over and gave him a big hug. She reminded
Tenchi of Aeka and Sasami's mother Misaki. She remarked on what a handsome young man he was and
insisted that he refer to her as Tia. After a little while she excused herself so she could go to the kitchen
and help Maria finish making dinner. Tenchi felt very welcome here, and couldn't get over how nice they
all were to him. After a pleasant dinner with Tia, Raoul and Maria they suggested he take a shower and
try to get some sleep. (Sounds good to me.) After a nice hot shower, Tenchi settled in and was fast
asleep when his head hit the pillow.


****************************************************************************

Ryoko was beginning to get over her euphoria, and little nagging doubts started at the back
of her mind. (Was he just caught up in the moment? Did he kiss Aeka too? Has he finally
chosen me, or was he just being nice and kissed me so I would not be as sad?) She pondered
all this over Sake in the womens bath, enjoying the warm feeling inside and out. She wanted to
ask Aeka if he'd kissed her too, but in a way she didn't want to know. She had been on an
emotional roller coaster for the past few days, and now with Tenchi gone she had some other
issues to work out. But first, more Sake........

Washuu peered in on her daughters mind. She was getting drunk. (Well, might actually be good
for her right now. Good old fashioned remedy for what ails her.) In her lab, she was going over
her info on Ryoko's mind and memories. The "sunglasses" were on a workbench in front of her.
She was going over the data deciding how to modify them to reflect what Ryoko actually felt on
the surface of her mind. She was experimenting with different filters to adjust the output. It was
difficult, since Ryoko's mind had changed so much in the past few thousand years. There was
no common baseline to follow. She formulated some algorithms based on her notes of Ryoko's
creation interpolated with her current data, but it was conjecture. It was truly impossible to
accurately recreate what she felt at any given moment in the past. Maybe if she could get some
data from Clay on Zero's composition..... No, never happen. (Well, there is something I can do.)
She reformatted the data, to eliminate the emotional feelings - right up until the imprisionment.
Ryoko said that was when her feelings began to really surface. Okay, first problem solved. Even
if noboby else would use it but herself, she wanted her invention as close to perfect as possible.
After all, how can you recreate imperfect memories? Next, a look at these nightmares. Washuu
went over some of her information on the psychology of dreams. Study of Ryoko's nightmares
alone could make a psychologists career. Washuu carefully sorted the data. Occasionally, she
had to place on the VR glasses to relive a particular scene. (Ahh, here we go! This makes sense,
if I just remove this block, then.......oh no.) Washuu found a problem. Ryoko's nightmares were
the result of the centuries long repression of her true feelings. The nightmares were her minds
ongoing attempts to reconcile the subconscious with the conscious. The barrier that Kagato
had placed in her mind slowed that process. If the barrier were removed the nightmares would
sometimes engulf her when awake. The result would be...(What do they call it here on Earth?
Post Traumatic Stress Disorder?) Unwittingly, Kagato had put in something helpful. Looking
at some of her charts she noticed an anomaly. She narrowed the timeline down to when she
was resurrected. The barrier had come down for a little while, why? She placed on the VR
glasses and relived the resurrection. (Oh, I see! The shock of being revived, along with the
pain from touching the Tenchi-Ken brought the barrier down. I'll have to talk to Ryoko about
this one.) She did some research into post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), following
some case studies of combat veterans on many different planets. Ryoko's did not follow the
norm, of course neither did her situation. It explained much of her behavior, but it also gave
rise to more questions,(I think I may never unravel all this, Damn that Kagato!) Washuu
was getting frustrated, and very upset. (Who do I go to for comfort?) At that moment, she
felt very much alone.

Sasami had prepared breakfast alone, and was starting on lunch. Both Ryoko and Washuu
had been absent from breakfast. She was starting to worry a bit. Aeka dismissed Ryoko's
disappearance as a return to her old ways, "Now that Tenchi is away, she doesn't have to try
to impress him anymore." Lunch was almost ready, and nobody was around, so she decided
to round everyone up herself. (Washuu is probably caught up in her experiments, and just
needs a friendly reminder.) Sasami braved her way inside the lab, where she found Washuu
leaning over her workbench, with her face buried in her hands, obviously upset. "What's wrong
Washuu?" The red headed scientist looked at the young princess, pain apparent in her green
eyes. (Tsunami, she is someone I could turn to. But not for quite some time yet. Couldn't
hurt to talk about it, but I don't want to burden a little girl with these troubles.) Sasami continued,
"You know, sometimes it helps to talk about it." She didn't know what else to say, but she saw
the hurt in Washuu's expression. It pained her to see anyone unhappy, so without another
thought she went to Washuu and hugged her. Finding this strangely comforting she hugged the
little girl back, and tears began to fall silently. "C'mon Washuu, you'll feel better if you have
something to eat, your work isn't going anywhere is it?" Thinking of Ryoko's attachment to
Tenchi, she thought out loud, "I sure hope not."

Aeka, Sasami, and Washuu had a quiet lunch. Sasami kept an eye on Washuu with a concerned
expression. Washuu noticed this and smiled,"Thoughtful and caring beyond her years this one."
It was reassuring to have someone worried about her. She pondered the Sasami/Tsunami
relationship. (I wonder how much each affects the other. How many thoughts and feelings spill
over? Is the concern I see from Sasami alone?)

Mihoshi returned from patrol and decided to take a bath. She found Ryoko there putting away the
sake and joined her. "So it's just us girls now Ryoko. I'll bet you really miss him, don't you."

"Well, you know how I feel about him Mihoshi. I'm lost without him." She began to sulk.

"I didn't notice if you got to say goodbye to him or not, I didn't see you around that day until
he was gone." At this Ryoko seemed less unhappy. She poured Mihoshi a bit of sake.

"Well I did see him off actually..........in fact", Ryoko lowered her voice,"He kissed me goodbye."

Mihoshi's fists flew to her mouth while giving off a little squeal. "Oh, Ryoko, I'm so happy for you!"

She started shedding tears of joy while giving her friend a big hug.
Ryoko broke from the hug and confessed her doubts.

"Do you want me to ask Aeka about it? To see if he kissed her too?"

Ryoko considered this. "No, but thanks. If he did, I'm sure it will come out sooner or later, but keep
this between you and I, okay?"

"My lips are sealed!"

Aeka made her way to the baths after lunch to find (the odd couple) chatting away and drinking.
(Well, just as I thought. Tenchi leaves and she's back to the old Ryoko.) It was a relief in a way.
To think that Ryoko could be anything other than a rowdy mischeivous cretin........made her less
sure that Tenchi would return with her to Jurai one day. She did have a grudging respect for the
space pirate though, when things were tough you could count on her. With Tenchi gone, the
times would seem tough indeed.

Mihoshi spotted Aeka first,"Hi Aeka, c'mon and have a drink with us."

"I'm not sure if this is a good time..."

Ryoko spoke up, "The more the merrier, lets have a toast.....to Tenchi!"

With that, Aeka gave in. Soon all three women were feeling pretty good. Aeka managed to loosen
up a little. Ryoko began having her fun. "So Princess, since Tenchi is gone will you be heading
home soon?"

Aeka replied angrily, "For your information, I consider this my home until Tenchi returns with me to
Jurai." A dreamy look appeared on her face, "He will realize I am the one for him, and he will come
back with me and we will rule, side by side."

Mihoshi saw a chance, and used her police training for getting information from a suspect without them
realizing,"Oh Aeka, can you imagine what that first kiss will be like?"

Ryoko tensed. Mihoshi sensed this and held her friends hand under the water. Aeka had that dreamy
look on her face still, "Ahhh......it would be under Funaho, in the moonlight, a warm summer evening.
He will confess his love for me, and that first kiss........it will be magical."

Ryoko digested this. Mixed feelings again. (He kissed me, not her. He did choose! Maybe he doesn't
know it yet but he did! ) Then she thought of Aeka. She loved teasing her, but this would really hurt her.
Hurt her in a way that she didn't think she could handle herself. In that moment, she decided to try to be
nicer to Aeka. Not knowing that this would be unsettling to the Princess. "Well Aeka, that does sound
very romantic. Best of luck to you." Aeka's jaw dropped. (What's this? So much for relief.)

Little did anyone know, but Ryoko could rapidly process alcohol out of her body when necessary. She
did this now for two reasons. She didn't feel the need to be drunk anymore and she wanted to make sure
she didn't say the wrong thing to Aeka. She would have to measure her words very carefully around the
Princess for a while. "Well, it's been fun. I'd better go help Sasami with dinner." With that, she rose
from the water, dried and got dressed. The remaining two women watched, astonished, as the Masaki
Shrine Demon went from totally loaded, to apparently sober.

Sasami was glad Ryoko was back. It was more fun when she had her help in the kitchen. Ryoko was
making good progress. In the week and a half that she had been learning, she'd managed to get a
handle on many of the basics. It was rewarding for Sasami to see her teaching taking hold. In about
three more weeks, Ryoko would be able to make some basic dishes alone. The fact that Sasami had
the patience of a Goddess sure helped.

Ryoko had cheered up immensely. Washuu sensed this and felt better herself (What's gotten into you
now.)(I'll tell you later Mom.)
Yosho was evaluting the actions on the women at dinner. Everyone seemed cheerful (especially Ryoko),
except Aeka. She seemed a little uncomfortable. It seemed as if Ryoko was getting along better with
everyone. She wasn't even fighting with Aeka. (Seems like this plan is working better than I thought.)

"Ryoko, please meet me for training one hour after dinner."

She replied cheerfully,"Yes sir!"

Later at the shrine....................

"Ryoko, let me lay out the ground rules. First, no using powers while we spar. That means no flying,
teleporting, or energy discharges. Just plain old wooden swords." She nodded. But wondered, (How
can I become a more effective fighter by limiting myself? Well, this is more for him than me I guess.)

"Now when we meditate, keep that in your mind."

Ryoko found that meditation was very pleasant. It was rest without nightmares.

"Open your eyes." She complied. "Now today we will start with light sparring. I want to evaluate your

skills."

They faced each other in the dojo, and bowed. 700 years has passed since the two of them crossed
swords. They both had this thought in their heads. It was a solemn moment, and they both felt that
something needed to be said. Not sure how to begin, they just stood there for a bit. Silent, and
unmoving. Then Yosho said, "It is an honor, to finally meet you under better circumstances." Ryoko,
speechless for a moment, then "Ditto."

They started slowly. Feeling each other out. Ryoko held her strength in check, then slowly increased
her speed. Yosho was taking note of every move (Crude, yet effective. She relies too much on her
strength, not so much on form. She is very fast, yes. There is much for her to learn, but she will in time
surpass Tenchi and I.) After fifteen minutes or so Yosho called a halt. "Now Ryoko, we start with the
basics. Please follow my motions." He began the kata, and she followed along.

After training, Ryoko took a quick bath and went to see her mother. Washuu wanted to find out how the
training had gone. "So, how did you handle it?" Ryoko replied,"Well, it seemed a little strange at first,
considering our history. But it was alright. No problem." Washuu seemed a little relieved. "Well, there
are some things I'd like to talk to you about, but they can wait a while. In the meantime, want to watch
a movie with me?" Ryoko smiled and agreed, remembering "Catwoman". Washuu had a movie already
picked out, based on her earlier research. Let's see what Ryoko thinks of "First Blood."

Ryoko watched the movie, and as it progressed, she became totally engrossed. It was about a war
weary veteran, with no family and friends, who just wandered. All he wanted was peace, but could not
return to a normal life because of the trauma his mind had suffered. Washuu watched her daughter
during a scene where the veteran loses it because of a PTSD related flashback, and subdues his police
captors and escapes. At first her expression was of concern, then it changed to glee as he escaped
and made fools of those chasing him down. Ryoko's reaction to the movie pleased Washuu,(It will
give me a good starting point when we finally talk about some of the problems.)

Later that night, Ryoko sat on the roof thinking about Tenchi. She had finally come to grips with the fact
that she was the one. It made her miss him even more. Yawning she decided that she would fulfill a long
held desire, to sleep in Tenchi's bed. She phased through the roof into his room, which seemed so
empty without him. She snuggled down in his covers, hugging his pillow. She could pick up a bit of his
scent. This comforted her, to lay where he did. Slowly, Ryoko drifted off to sleep.

She was dreaming, a fight across the galaxy. Then on Earth, a mighty fight. Except this time it was
Kagato instead of Yosho. They fought forever it seemed. Then suddenly, Kagato changed into Tenchi?
No! She was fighting Tenchi? No! This has to stop! She was about to deliver a killing strike when.........
Someone was shaking her, telling her to wake up. It was Mihoshi. Ryoko sat up and saw Mihoshi, Sasami,
Aeka and Washuu all around her. She grabbed onto Mihoshi like her life depended on it and started crying.
Washuu was at her side, stroking her hair and back, telling her everything was alright, that it was just a dream.

Sasami held her hand. Aeka kneeled nearby, unsure of what to do. Then she had an idea, and went to fetch
some tea. When Ryoko had calmed down, Aeka gave her some tea, which she accepted gratefully. When
they were satisfied that she was okay, Aeka and Sasami went back to bed. Mihoshi wouldn't leave her, and
neither would Washuu. The three slept in Tenchi's room the rest of the night.

****************************************************************************

Tenchi woke up in a strange place. He sat up quickly, then realized where he was. The sunlight streaming
in the window had brought him out of his deep sleep. He got dressed and made his way downstairs. He
looked around the house, not finding anyone until he reached the kitchen. He found a man there he hadn't
met yet. He had the morning paper in front of him, and a cup of tea. Ernesto Fernandez had long wavy hair
tied back into a ponytail. His hairline had receded to leave him bald on top. He looked up from his paper
and gave Tenchi a very warm and friendly smile. [Tenchi Masaki! I am very glad to finally meet you. Mrs.
Fernandez left early, but set aside a plate of breakfast for you. Please help yourself. It is in the oven.]

While his Japanese was heavily accented, it was perfectly understandable. It put Tenchi at ease. He
quickly found the food and dug in. The food they served her was different, but very good. Ernesto sat
quietly while Tenchi ate. He was completing the daily crossword puzzle, it was his daily mental exercise.
When Tenchi finished Ernesto said, [Just put that in the sink. We will go to the studio and meditate for
a bit, then we'll get started.] They rode together in Ernesto's Chevy station wagon to an industrial area.
His studio turned out to be a section of a warehouse. It was secluded, and gave them all kinds of room.
They chatted for a bit. It turned out that Ernesto didn't actually know Katsuhito Masaki, but knew of him
through a mutual acquaintance. As it turned out, his grandfather was a bit of a legend in the sword fighting
community. Nobody knew where to find him, else he would be constantly approached by aspiring students.
Ernesto politely avoided any questions that would yield useful information in tracking him down. The deal
was that Tenchi would get to spar with the worlds best, and in return allow them to study the techniques
he used. To have the student of the legendary sensei come by to train was a great honor indeed. Tenchi
would later find out that all his travel expenses were covered by the Masters he would visit.

After meditation, Ernesto broke out the Kendo armor. The bamboo sword was his practice weapon of

choice. Tenchi had used it before, but was used to being unencumbered. Ernesto could tell that Tenchi
was not happy with the armor. [It's for me mostly, my old bones can't take the beating of Bokken anymore.]
Tenchi laughed at this. Ernesto looked to be about twenty years younger than Yosho, (but then again, when
was the last time I actually landed a strike on him?) They faced off across the floor and bowed. The first
thing Tenchi realized was that the face mask portion of the armor would prevent either of them telegraphing
their strikes with eye movement. (I'll have to watch for turns of the head instead.) Ernesto was very good,
and Tenchi found himself sweating profusely fending off the older swordsman. (This armor is going to take
getting used to.) He began to see why his Grandfather had wanted him to experience variety. Ernesto's
different technique and pace was throwing him off balance, not to mention the armor. Tenchi had to give
the best he had just to defend himself. After a while, Ernesto called a halt. [This old man needs a break
now. Let's get out of this armor.] He passed Tenchi a water bottle and they rested for a moment. [Alright
now young man, let's see how your empty hand technique measures up!] Ernesto apparently had blackbelts
in six different forms of fighting. Tenchi didn't do as well against the Master this time. Tenchi managed to
get thrown to the mat four times, but had landed two strikes for every three of Ernesto's. Some of the
techniques he used were new to Tenchi, and they spent half an hour reviewing them. It was a grueling
morning for the both of them. They stopped for lunch at a Boston Market fast food restaurant on the way
back to the house. Once there, Tenchi was told to make himself at home. Ernesto had to go meet with
a customer, so Tenchi would be alone for a bit. He settled in front of the TV and began surfing the channels.

****************************************************************************

Ryoko woke up to find she wasn't alone. Mihoshi was on the floor next to the bed, and Washuu was curled up
in bed alongside her daughter. She remembered the dream (What was that about? Me trying to hurt Tenchi?)
She shook her head and made her way downstairs to help Sasami. Sasami looked at her friend with concern.
Ryoko just smiled reassuringly and said, "I'm alright, just another nightmare is all." Sasami continued to look
at her, now with skepticism. "I think you should talk about it with someone, definitely." Ryoko sighed,"Well,
okay, but only because I don't want you to worry." They began preparations. Ryoko was eyeing a jar of habanero
peppers curiously. "Sasami, why do they call these hot? They don't feel hot?" Sasami giggled,"They taste
hot silly!" Ryoko looked puzzled,"Taste.....hot?" Sasami giggled again, "You know, they're really really
spicy. When I use one of those I have to use a very small amount or the inside of your mouth would feel
like it was on fire." Ryoko continued to consider the jar. She opened it and popped one in her mouth. Sasami
watched in disbelief as Ryoko chewed carefully, a look on her face as she considered the flavor. "Well, I
don't see what you mean, it seemed like any old vegetable to me." The jar forgotten, Ryoko continued with
the cooking. Sasami thought, (I have to tell Washuu about this.)

Everyone was relieved to see that Ryoko was back in her new routine (except Aeka) after her nightmare.
After clean up Ryoko decided to find a quiet place somewhere to meditate. Sasami sought Washuu out
in the lab. "Washuu? Can I see you for a bit?" "Sure, come on down."
Sasami related the hot pepper eating incident. Washuu thanked her and went over her data again with
this new bit of information in mind. (I only looked at the psychological blocks in her mind, I never even
considered the physiological ones. How could I have missed them?) As she ran a few diagnostics
she found what she was looking for, (Here, yes.....that explains that one. Now what else?) She looked
through a few more and spotted another. (Oh, that beast! He removed any distraction he could! Well,
I'll talk to her about this another day. These I can eventually do something about.) She set about
formulating solutions to the new problems at hand.

Ryoko sat quietly in a small clearing in the woods away from the house. She sat so still, that birds and
small animals began their normal local activities around her. Without any real training, she was capable
of reaching very deep levels of meditation. Her time in the cave developed these skills for her. After a
while her gems began to glow softly. With all three returned, and in her deep trance, the power hidden
in the red jewels began to slowly heal some of the damage in her mind.


I wake in the night
to find you on my mind
Deep in a dream,
you'll always be
until the end of time
I look in your eyes
They touch my soul
My love is hard to hide
I'm never alone when we're apart.
I feel you by my side

And here in my heart,
where no one else will ever be
I know who you are,
so lock the door and throw away the key

Save all your love
Save your love for me
When I'm alone at night,
you're all I see

I wake from a dream
and see you by my side
How could I belong to someone else,
when holdin' you feels so right?
And here in my heart
where no one else will ever be
We've made it so far,
so lock the door and throw away the key

Save all your love
Save all your love for me
When I'm alone at night,
you're all I see

Save all your love
Save your love for me
Don't turn your back on me
You're all I need (Save Your Love - Great White)



Chapter 6

Tenchi quickly began bored with the television programming. He had
a tough time understanding the rapidly spoken english, and didn't
get most of the jokes in the sitcoms. He was so used to a demanding
physical schedule that he became restless. Tenchi went out to the
backyard and began running through some of the empty hand routines
Ernesto had shown him. Soon he grew tired, and realized that after
his morning session, he was overtraining. (Okay, let me try some
meditation.) He relaxed sitting in the lotus position in the shade.
No luck, this wasn't working either. His problem stemmed from the
subconscious realization he had to resolve the whole Ryoko/Aeka issue.
Raoul stopped by after work to check on Tenchi. He started work very
early, but Maria kept normal hours so he always had a few hours to
kill before she got home. "Hey Tenchi! Just dropping by to check up
on you. Mama is visiting with some friends and Papa is getting in
late again tonight. How about you hang out at my place for a while?"
Tenchi agreed. Taking a quick shower, he got dressed and rode with
Raoul to his apartment. "I hope Papa took it easy on you the first
day." Tenchi winced, thinking about the times he was thrown onto
the floor. Raoul saw this look and laughed. "I been in your shoes
before, believe me, I know." They arrived at Raoul's place and he
was given the quick tour. It was a single bedroom apartment with a
small living area with a combination kitchen/dinette. Raoul offered
him another beer, which he greatly accepted. It would make him
relax. Raoul began to tell Tenchi some amusing stories about his
early training with his Father. The conversation started branching
off to other things. Tenchi enjoyed talking to Raoul. Tenchi asked
about Maria, and how they met. "Well, I've known her since I began
High School. It was funny, at first I never really noticed her. I
had a few girls who liked me, and I went out alot with them. I
usually went out with a group of people, once in a while alone
with a girl. Maria was in with my circle of friends, but I never
really looked at her as more than that. After a couple years, I
grew really attached to this one girl I'd been dating. We started
going steady, and I thought I was in love with her. Then one day
she dumped me for a senior. I wasn't happy about that of course,
but then Maria was there - as a friend. I talked to her about it,
and it was very comforting to have her listen to me. After that,
I would talk with her anytime I felt down or had a problem. I
started dating again, but never asked Maria out. After a bit
she started hanging out with the crowd less and less. I was too
young then to realize how much she cared for me. In our senior
year, I began to consider the prom. Who would I go with? I
was talking to some of my friends about it one day, when someone
suggested Maria. All of a sudden, it all made sense. I went
and found her. She seemed a little distant when I started to
talk to her, but when I asked her to the prom, she brightened
right up. Then on the night of the prom, I went to pick her
up. Standing in her house, I saw her walk down the stairs,
when it finally hit me. I'd never really looked at her
before until that moment. She was so beautiful. After that
night I new that she was the one. It just happened, I was in
love." Tenchi listened to it all with interest.

He asked, "So how did all your other girlfriends handle that?" Raoul
looked at him with a smile, "Well, I can say a couple were not
very happy, but life goes on, you know?" Tenchi decided to
relate his dilemma to Raoul. Leaving out the alien and royalty
parts of course. "So you kissed Ryoko, huh? And you are still
having doubts?"

"No not really doubts. I'm not sure how to proceed when I get
back home."

"So, do you love her?"

"Well, in a way......"

"I think you should do some soul searching, and meditate on it.
I believe you know the answer already. When you are ready to
admit it to yourself, I think you should tell her."

Tenchi was silent, looking at the floor, deep in thought.

"Here have another beer."

*****************************************************************



Ryoko came out of her meditative state. Startled by sudden
movement, the birds and squirrels scattered. She got up and
stretched. She took in the details of her surroundings. (It
really is beautiful here. She walked slowly back to the house,
taking in the sights. Then she noticed how low the sun was in
the sky. (How long was I out there?) As she walked in she saw
Sasami cleaning up after dinner,"Oh Ryoko, there you are! I was
worried about you," she said while running up to the ex-pirate
and giving her a big hug. Taking her hand she said,"Here, I
saved a plate for you." Ryoko sat down to eat while Sasami
hovered over her like a worried mother. Ryoko noticed this
and smiled,"Don't worry about me, I'm just fine." And she
meant it. It was a beautiful day, she had a nice walk to the
house, and she had a caring friend nearby. She felt........
balanced? She didn't ever recall ever feeling like this.

Sasami seemed to notice Ryoko's tranquil demeanor, and went
about the rest of the clean up. When Ryoko was finished, she
cleaned her own dishes and went to visit Washuu. Being
cheerful, when she saw the little redhead she called out,
"Hi Mom!" Pleasantly suprised by this Washuu turned and
smiled, (My, aren't we full of cheer...........what is she up
to?) "Whatcha doing?" Washuu was working on her computer
running models of how different ways of fixing Ryoko's mind
would turn out. She needed an updated baseline. "oh, just
going over some data. Could you do me a favor? Put this on
for a minute." Ryoko hesitated suspiciously, then complied.

After downloading what she needed, Washuu removed the device
from Ryoko's head and saved the data. "What I'm doing is
figuring out ways to undo the damage done by Kagato. I've
found more things wrong," Ryoko's eyes began getting bigger,

"But the new things are easy fixes."

"What about the nightmares."

Washuu sighed at this, "There's nothing I can do now, but
I must tell you, in time they will go away."

Ryoko brightened a little, but Washuu held up her hand, "I
wouldn't expect them to end any time soon though, I just
wanted you to know that someday, you will be free of them."

Ryoko remembered her time in the cave, the worst part of it
being that she thought it would never end. So knowing that
the nightmares would end was a beginning.

Washuu began a partial list of someof the things that were
done, and told her what she could fix soon. Some of those
things were very private in nature. "I should have some of
my models complete in a few days. I could begin removing
most of the physiological blocks then. The psychological
blocks will take much longer."

"Can I think about this first?"

Washuu was suprised. Her daughter, who was such a pleasure
seeker, was considering a delay in having such things restored?

"Of course you can, but can I ask why?"

"Some of those things, I want Tenchi around when I start to
experience them."

Washuu understood then. He could share her joy in the new senses.
Washuu smiled at her daughter, "Okay then, in the meantime, I'll
work on some of the other solutions."

Ryoko then remembered her training with Yosho then, "Gotta run,
bye Mom!" With that, she disappeared.

Washuu returned to her new data, and ran a quick comparison with
the last one. A few differences jumped out at her. Concerned,
she ran them through the computer. (The levels of neurotransmitters
have changed? Why?) The chemistry in Ryoko's brain had altered
slightly. She ran some analysis on the new data to see the
implications. She compared the old to the new again. She looked
at the old chart, (Here we have the classic neurochemistry of acute
attention deficit disorder.) She did some research on this, (Kagato
again. I don't think he specifically did this, it may be a side
effect of his tampering.) Her new chart, however, had a different
pattern, (now she has the patterns of a mild case. What changed
her?) New questions being raised again. The most difficult thing
was with her unique biochemistry, all this analysis was uncharted
territory. While she could draw comparisons to other humanoids,
her daughter was different enough to throw it all off a little.
She dumped all her currently running models,(Well, back to the old
drawing board.)



Ryoko appeared outside the house. It was still nice out, with about
two hours of daylight left. She decided to run up the long steps
to the shrine instead of using her powers. It was actually pleasant,
enjoying the feel of the stone steps and she lightly bounded up them.
She noticed flowers here and there that had never caught her attention
before. (I'll have to check them out on the way down, I think I'm
late.) With that thought, she phased to the top of the steps. Yosho
stood there, waiting patiently. "Well, I was beginning to think you
got lost." Ryoko apologized, and bowed. "Since it is so nice out,
let's train out here today." He tossed her a katana, which meant no
sparring today. She fastened it about her waist, feeling silly
wearing a sword when she had her built in energy blade. Yosho began
movements, motioning here to mimic and learn them. After he showed
her twice, he motioned for her to try doing it on her own. To his
amazement, she went through the whole set, with only two minor errors.

He blinked, then went through it again with her one more time, and
mentioned the mistakes as they reached those parts. Then he had her
repeat the moves alone again. She did, flawlessly.

"Again."

It was a repeat performance.

"Again."

Same deal, it wasn't a fluke.

"Again, faster."

She complied, effortlessly.

"Again, full speed."

Perfection.

"Again, with power!"

Amazing. Yosho stood, shaken from his calm demeanor into a state
of amazement. Ryoko noticed this and asked if anything was wrong.

"No Ryoko, you have done well. Let me show you a new Kata."

Again, it was the same. After performing the moves about a half
a dozen times, she had them mastered.

Yosho showed her four Kata that evening, and had her repeat them

all in random order. There was no question. What he had taken
decades to master, she had in a matter of minutes. (I must speak
to Washuu about this.) "Excellent Ryoko, I think I've never had
a better pupil."

"But I thought I was here to help you stay in top form?"

He quickly answered, "Yes, but I want to fight someone who is well
trained in my style."

She didn't seem satisfied with this answer, but bowed and took her
leave of him.

Yosho saw this. (She suspects something. I will have to be honest
with her about this eventually.) Yosho was glad he could trust
Ryoko, especially with this new ability to learn revealed. Soon,
they would have to have a talk about that day, long ago.


*******************************************************************

Maria showed up around dinner time. Raoul usually mad dinner, but not
today because he was entertaining a guest. They decided on ordering
pizza, which Tenchi enjoyed. "This is much better that the pizza they
have back home." During the meal, Raoul had Tenchi bring up his girl
troubles to Maria. "So, you have two girls fighting over you, huh? Do
you have a picture?" Tenchi pulled out the photo from Washuu that he
kept very close. Fortunately, it was a black and white photo. "Okay,
let me see.......oh my! Look at this honey!" Raoul sat closer to his
wife and his eyes got big. "So, this is what the great Katsuhito
Masaki looks like, I thought he would look older than that! Oh, and
those girls are pretty too." Maria said,"Oh sure, I'm sure the old man
was the first thing that caught your eye." Raoul smirked,"You know I
only have eyes for you baby." She elbowed him playfully in the ribs.

"Oh, be serious. Tell me Tenchi, which of these are the two?" Tenchi
sighed, "The ones surrounding me." She looked again. "Tell me about
them." Tenchi considered what he could say, "Well, first there's
Ryoko. She is a bit on the wild side, a little mischievious, very open
and honest. She is a pretty tough, but she has a soft side as well.
She's used to always be hanging all over me, trying to seduce me...."

Maria cut him off,"Seduce you? What do you mean?" Well, she is always
making passes at me and trying to kiss me. She sneaks up behind me,
grabs me, suggests we should go be alone somewhere."

Maria and Raoul were fascinated by this,"What do you do?"

"Well, I usually push her away, or Aeka shows up and they fight."

"Does Aeka ever make such advances?"

"No, Aeka is pretty confident. She figures she'll get me in the end,
but she still gets pretty jealous. She has a nasty temper when Ryoko
gets her all riled up."

"So when Ryoko starts her advances, Aeka starts a fight. How bad are
these fights?"

"Pretty bad."

"They yell really loud?"

"Well, it starts that way."

"They get physical?"

"You could say that."

"Who usually gets physical first?"

Tenchi never really considered this. He thought back to the first time.
"Well, the first time Ryoko just tried to get away, then only fought
back in self defense. The second time it got physical, Aeka slapped
Ryoko in the face. Ryoko was taunting her pretty bad though."

"There's a big difference between taunting and hitting Tenchi."

"Lately they have been better though."

"Tell me about Aeka."

"Well, she is very proper. Very well mannered. She can be very nice.
She tries to be fair, even giving Ryoko credit when she deserves it.
They would be friends if it wasn't for the rivalry I think."

Maria thought for a moment. "What about their pasts, their families?"

Well, I'll start with the easy one first,"Well Aeka comes from a rich
family. They want her to come back, but she would rather stay with me.
A man she loved and wanted to marry left her, and in her search for him
she met me."

"And what about Ryoko?"

"Tenchi paused in thought, how do I even begin to put this in Earthly
perspective, "Well.....she has had a tough life. She....lost her mother
when she was young and.....was raised by an abusive.....uncle. One day
she ran away and.....well, she was in prison for a while. We gave her
a place to stay."

Raoul, being a very perceptive person, knew Tenchi to be holding something
back, but said nothing.

"So, how do you feel about Ryoko's past Tenchi?"

"Well, I guess alot that happened to her was pretty bad. For what she has
been through, she still turned out to have a good heart. I feel very close
to her. I get mad at her antics, but I guess in the end it is just her way
of expressing herself. I honestly think she doesn't know any better, but
lately she has been behaving. I think that spending time in a caring
household has done her alot of good."

"It was very kind of your family to take her in. What about Aeka, how do you
feel about her?"

"Well, she is a good person at heart. She tries to do what she feels is right.
Her temper is really something, but I think she has gotten better since she
has been around too. She is so traditional and formal. She has such high
expectations of me though."

"What kind of expectations?"

"Well, I think she wants me to go into her family's business. I'm not sure
I want to though. I don't know if I would like it in her....world."

"What does Ryoko expect of you?"

Tenchi paused in thought. "She just wants my love, I guess. To be fair, I
think Aeka would give up her position with her family to be with me."

"Which one in the photo is Ryoko?" Tenchi pointed.

Maria and Raoul talked quickly in Spanish for a bit.

Maria said, "Well, from what I've heard, I think I like Ryoko better."

With that she changed the subject. Tenchi talked about his training
with his grandfather with Raoul for a while. It started to get late,
and Raoul said he had to get up early. Since Maria didn't have any
drinks she would drive Tenchi back to her in-laws house.

On the drive home, Tenchi was mostly silent. At Ernesto's house he got
out of the car and turned to say goodnight. Maria said, "I think you
should tell Ryoko how you really feel. I could tell from the way you
talked about her." Tenchi thanked her, and went inside. Mrs.
Fernandez was still up, "Oh Tenchi, come to the kitchen, I just made
some tea!" He thanked her and sat in the kitchen. "So, you gave
Ernesto quite a show today from what I here. He said you gave him
his best fight ever." Tenchi modestly said, "Not in empty hand Tia."
She just smiled, "Well, you made him go to bed early tonight. Maybe
you should do the same." Tenchi finished the tea, thanked her and
said goodnight. He would try harder with the empty hand tomorrow.

********************************************************************

Ryoko sat up on her rafter. She had the usual nightmares, but they
weren't as intense. She actuallly slept through the night. The
reason she woke up was the sounds of Sasami getting up to make
breakfast. She floated down from her wooden bed to help and learn.

She found that she was more focused on what was going on in front of
her. Before, it was demanded a large amount of willpower to pay
attention to what she was being shown and what she was doing. Even
then she managed to be distracted by eating during the preparations.
Today was different. Not only did she remember all that she was shown,
but she didn't eat until it was done. Sasami would have worried about
her friend, but Ryoko seemed to be in a decent mood.

At breakfast, Aeka watched Ryoko suspiciously. Ryoko noticed, but didn't
let on. She remembered her resolution to be nicer to Aeka. It turned
out to be a quiet, peaceful, and boring breakfast.

Aeka was doing some dusting and cleaning after breakfast while Ryoko
helped Sasami clean up. (I wonder when she will drop this little
charade? Why does she even expend the effort with Tenchi away.....
unless? Unless she really is changing?) Aeka found herself losing
confidence and becoming unsettled again. Just then Ryoko came around
the corner, "Need any help Aeka?" Aeka jumped like she had been
caught doing something wrong. When she recovered she said, "Yes,
thank you Ryoko. I'm going to be sweeping and mopping soon, I need
to move some of the furniture to get the floor underneath." Aeka
went to get a mop and broom. They were going to start in the living
room. When Aeka returned she found all the furniture and carpet....
gone? She heard noise outside and saw that Ryoko had arranged it all
on the deck outside. (Well, I guess her powers can be used for more
that just fighting after all,) she grudgingly admitted to herself.
Thanks to Ryoko, what would have taken all day only took a couple
hours. They finished just in time for Ryoko to start helping make
lunch.

Katsuhito Masaki (Yosho) decided to pay Washuu a visit in her lab. He
didn't really like it in there, but he was making a special trip. She
was Ryoko's mother after all. "Washuu, do you have some time." She
looked at him in an odd way. She didn't know how to feel about the man
before her. He had simultaneously helped and hurt her daughter. "Sure,
what is it?" He related the amazing learing potential she had displayed
the previous evening. Washuu remembered the new readings on Ryoko.

"That only makes sense."

"Why is that?"

"Well, because.......SHE IS THE DAUGHTER OF THE GREATEST SCIENTIFIC GENIUS
IN THE UNIVERSE!"

Yosho's face remained passive. "Well, there is that. But she didn't show
the same potential previous to last evening."

"Well, there had been a block in her mind that discouraged learning. Even
with that, she still had the ability. Somehow, the block went away very
recently. I don't know how yet. I'm still going over the data."

"She is learning new skills at an incredible rate."

"You have to remember, although she is my daughter, I did engineer her. She
is a weapon as well. It was not her main function, but Kagato made it to be.
I did it so that she could protect herself and be independent."

Yosho considered this. "There is another matter. What happened 700 years ago,
the whole incident. I have to make my peace with her. I feel very badly about
it." He wanted to say more, but Washuu held up her hand for him to stop.

(Ryoko?)

(Yes Mom?)

(How do yo feel about Yosho, and what happened long ago?)

A pause (He did what he had to do Mom, he was defending his family. Besides,
because of it I am free of Kagato and I have a love in my life. Why do you
ask?)

"Don't worry about it, she's over it. I think you should get over it to."

"But...."

"It's okay, she's already made her peace with you. The cave was bad, but
being under Kagato was far worse. Just let it go."

Katsuhito bowed to her, and left the lab.

****************************************************************************

Couldn't sleep. Maybe it was still jet lag, maybe he was anxious about
training tomorrow. Maybe it was......hell.....it was Ryoko. He knew, only
the gods know why he resisted it for so long, but now he knew. (What time
is it back there?)


****************************************************************************

Sasami and Ryoko had just finished cleaning up. With nothing further to do
until dinner preparations, they went to watch TV. They just settled in to
watch a program when the phone rang. Ryoko phased quickly to the phone and
picked it up, "Masaki residence!"

****************************************************************************

He felt his heart leap in his chest, it was her! (Oh, how do I start this?
What do I say? Maybe should be like her and just say how I feel?)

"Hello...."

He was tongue tied, speechless, dumbstruck...

"Hello.....is anyone there?"

"Ryoko."

****************************************************************************

"Tenchi! I miss you so much? Where are you? How is your trip so far? Do
you miss me?"

****************************************************************************

(Well, I can simply answer her questions) "Yes, I miss you too. I'm in the
United States. The trip is interesting, fun." He knew that if he didn't say
it soon, the phone would be swarmed with alien women soon, and he would have
to try again later. "Ryoko listen......there's something I have to tell you."

****************************************************************************

Sasami heard Ryoko answer the phone, and it was.....Tenchi! (I have to go find
Aeka!) Aeka was outside weeding the flower beds surrounding the house. Sasami
ran to her breathlessly, "Aeka.........Tenchi........phone!" Aeka jumped up and
headed for the door.

****************************************************************************

Aeka saw her first, holding the phone handset with both hands to her chest. She
was looking up, but her eyes were closed, she stood very still. Were those tears?
Yes, she was crying! What did he tell her? Aeka thought (Is he hurt? Is he
calling from the hospital?) Then other thoughts surfaced, (Has he chosen? Did he
find it easier to tell her on the phone?) She felt hopeful. But then she thought
about Ryoko. That would be a really horrible way to be told. She felt bad for
her former enemy. She and Sasami respectfully kept their distance for a bit.

****************************************************************************

"Ryoko! Ryoko! C'mon, say something!"

****************************************************************************

She was so happy, she could just burst. She savored the moment, (This is the best
thing that ever happened to me!) This was something she would treasure forever.
She put the phone back to her ear, tears of joy streaming down her face. In a voice
too low for the other girls to hear, "Tenchi, I love you so much...."

**************************************************************************

"Ryoko, listen......I do truly love you. Do me one small favor?"

"Yes Tenchi?"

"Don't tell anyone about this. Wait until I get back. I want to tell Aeka in
person. It would be very cruel to her to be told this way."

**************************************************************************

Ryoko was so happy, in such bliss, that she would have agreed to anything her
Tenchi asked of her, "Yes Tenchi, I understand. I love you." The other two
girls began to approach her, not having overheard the conversation. Ryoko
phased away as Aeka took the phone, "Tenchi?"

*************************************************************************

What do I say now? How do I explain this one. "Aeka, hi! How are things back
home?"

"Well, everything is going well. It has actually been peaceful. Ryoko and I are
actually starting to get along."

"That's great Aeka, that was something I'd hoped for."

"How is your trip so far?"

"Well, it is very interesting. I'm learning alot. I like the food
they have here. It's different."

"Tenchi, why was Ryoko upset?"

Uh......"I guess she was just so happy to hear from me."

Aeka considered this and said, "Did you even say goodbye to her
when you left? I don't remember seeing her that morning?"

Aeka seemed concerned about Ryoko? "Well, I did. She was in the
lab with Washuu that morning." Not a lie.

Aeka wanted to say more, but she saw Sasami looking at her expectantly,
and said good bye and handed the phone to Tenchi, "Hi Tenchi! We miss
you so much around here! I'm going to go make some rice cakes and send
them to you!"

Aeka walked off as her little sister chatted away. Wondering what was up
with Ryoko.

When Aeka was out of earshot she said to Tenchi, "I think Ryoko misses you
most of all. You should have seen her crying....."

Ryoko was up alright. She was flying through the air high above the house,
circling at hundreds of miles an hour. She flew higher and higher, happy.
Finally she had found happiness in her life. All that pain and suffering
leading up to this moment was worth it. Loved at last. She wasn't really
paying attention as her speed approached Mach 1.

".....and Mihoshi and Ryoko are becoming really close. Ryoko is getting

really good in the kitc.....", there was a loud crack, like thunder, "wow,
I think it is going to start raining here. Is it raining where you are
Tenchi?"

Aeka was outside when she heard the sound of thunder. She looked up at the
sky to see nothing but blue. (That's strange.)

************************************************************************

Tenchi said goodbye and hung up the phone. It was like a large weight was
lifted off his shoulders. Unburdened, he was finally able to drift off to
sleep.



Chapter 7

Kai and Morai were standing over the navigation console, while discussing their
strategy. Kai was the most enthusiastic, as this was his plan, "Okay, these
freighters always pass through this part of the galaxy along their route. The
GP doesn't have much of a presence here, only one officer from what I've learned.
They'll be crammed full of all kinds of rare and valuable gems and metals. If
we hit them here," he pointed at the Sirius system, "we will be gone before anyone
could get in our way." Morai had some doubt, "I don't like it. We will be too
close to the restricted area. The system in there is under the protection of
Jurai. I don't want to have them breathing down our necks." Kai reassured him,
"It's not a big concern of theirs, that planet is protected for sentimental reasons
only. Besides, we'll be a few light years away." Morai wasn't fully convinced,
but he agreed anyway. It was quite a fat target after all. After going over
some of the tactics, they finalized their plan, and prepared to bring the rest
of the gang up to speed on their newest venture.

*****************************************************************************

Ryoko sat in the bath, cursing softly. With a brush she was slowly and painfully
working the knots out of her hair from her recent supersonic dash across the sky.
Aeka showed up to take a bath as well, and heard Ryoko grumbling. (Well, now this
is the Ryoko I'm used to!) She thought with relief. "Mind if I join you?" Ryoko
looked up and her angry expression softened a bit, "No, come on in." She went
back to brushing. "Got some knots I see, I have something for that." Aeka found
a bottle of detangling conditioner and handed it to Ryoko. "Here try this." She
looked at the bottle curiously, then rose out of the bath to the little falls to
work the stuff into her hair. After a bit she was back and tried her brush again,
which to her suprise didn't hurt as much and soon she was knot free. "Thanks Aeka,
that stuff is great." Her problem being solved, her mood improved dramatically.
The princess looked at the pirates hair, and it seemed to have lost its spiky look.
"I miss him too you know. It's only been a couple days, but it seems much longer
than that." Ryoko looked questioningly at Aeka. (She's opening up to me? The first
time I ever opened up to her, she was awfully cruel.) Ryoko replied, "You know
what they say, absence makes the heart grow fonder." Aeka didn't know if she was
being taunted by this comment or being set up. She decided to give Ryoko the
benefit of the doubt. "Well, perhaps so. You know, Ryoko, Tenchi wished that we
get along better, and it seems we have been doing that somewhat. Perhaps we
should go into town together sometime." Aeka had many reasons for asking this,
but mainly she was getting bored, and after doing a little soul searching, she
realized that Ryoko would be easier to deal with than Mihoshi. Ryoko felt boredom
as well. She needed someone else to hang out with whenever Mihoshi was working.
Although elated by Tenchi's declaration, she did feel that things
were getting a little dull. "Alright, sure. We don't get out much anyway."
With that she sat back in the water and relaxed. One of the few senses not
dulled by Kagato was her sense of temperature. He wanted her to be able to feel
the heat caused by various weapons in battle, such as an energy sword approaching
a blind spot. Because of this, the hot bath was something she really enjoyed.
She actually dozed off a bit, sitting there next to Aeka in the hot water.
Aeka had thought an uncomfortable silence was developing between them when she
heard Ryoko lightly snoring.

*****************************************************************************

Mihoshi was cruising along the outer edge of the solar system on her standard
patrol route. She monitored the standard galactic radio traffic, and kept a
watch over her instruments for anything unusual. Yukinojo was in top shape
after Washuu's last repairs. Mihoshi was happy her ship could do almost
everything automatically, so she could catch up on her reading. She was
deeply engrossed in her latest manga when a warning sounded. She looked up
and saw that someone had activated a distress beacon. "Yukinojo! Assess
situation!" The robotic head appeared, "Distress, source unknown. In region
of Sirius system bearing 345 mark 78." Mihoshi quickly brought the ship
about and accelerated away at full power. Once established on her course she
sent a message to the nearest station reporting what she knew.

*****************************************************************************

Kai was grinning ear to ear, his plan was proceeding perfectly. The pirate
fleet under his co-command consisted of 24 Kurami class fighters. While not
the fastest or most powerful, when employed in great numbers like this with
proper planning they were quite lethal. The freighters had only a small
escort of four Kyudo class space fighters. While very agile and heavily
armed, they didn't have a good defensive shield. The freighters had some
armaments, but they weren't very accurate. In the end, none of it amounted
to much. Morai had taken 16 pirate fighters and hid behind a small moon,
while Kai moved into a position to attack the caravan from the side. From
extreme long range, Kai's group engaged the freighters. The fighter
escorts immediately moved into a defensive position between Kai's group and
the caravan. The Kyudo fighters energy cannons replied in kind. One had
managed to score a hit on one of the pirates, if only a minor one. The
damaged Kurami peeled off from the rest, while the others moved to cover
it's retreat. Sensing weakness, the caravan guard gave chase, pressing the
attack. It was then that Morai struck them from the side. The escorts
never knew what hit them. Then their two best shooters made several high
speed passes at the freighters, using the Kurami fighters main guns to
disable the weapons and life support units. Once done, they sat back and
waited. Once in a while they would use smaller weapons to prevent the
attempts by the freighter crews to repair the damage. It was just a matter
of time until all aboard expired, and they could tow the disabled ships
to their base for pillaging. Or so they thought......

Yukinojo seemed to appear from nowhere, it seemed to Kai and Morai. A comm
link was established and a cute blonde appeared on their screen. Mihoshi
said in a serious voice, "This is Detective First Class Mihoshi of the
Galaxy Police. I order you to deactivate all weapons systems, and assist
me in rescue operations. Cooperate and I promise to put in a good word
at your trials." The pirate co-captians were stunned, then they erupted
in laughter. "D-did you hear that brother! Ha ha ha!" Morai was holding
his sides, laughing so hard it hurt. "S-she, she, ha ha ha ha! Rescue!
Ha ha..." Mihoshi frowned. Why weren't they taking her seriously?
"Comply, or I will have to use force!" The two pirates continued their
laughter. Morai calmed down first, and began working his weapons console.
He began sending commands to the other ships in his small fleet. Yukinojo
picked up the encoded message traffic and his sensors detected the weapons
powering up. "Mihoshi, they are preparing to attack." The GP officer had
a grim look appear on her face, "Yukinojo, battle configuration!" She took
manual control of the ship and attacked the pirates with engines at full
power. The GP ship danced in and out of the Kurami fighters, barely
avoiding several blasts. Mihoshi then realized she'd bit off more than
she could chew. A blast connected and rocked her ship. There had been
a time once when Mihoshi would have panicked. Unfortunately for the
pirates, she had changed. In the stress and fear of combat, she became
something else - someone else. With a cackle of unholy glee, she began
to maneuver agressively through the pirate fleet. With weapons blazing,
she began picking them off one by one, making impossibly accurate shots.
The comm link was still open, and Kai and Morai were transfixed by what
they saw. Where they had first seen a harmless looking babe, they now
saw evil incarnate. Mihoshi had an evil expression on her face, and her
eyes - were they glowing green? The co-captians watched as their small
fleet was brutally cut to ribbons. "Morai, this cannot be the GP! They
would never attack like this! It's against their procedures!" Across
the comm link Morai was about to reply when the link was cut. His
brother's ship was no more. Across the way, the freighter crews looked
up from their repairs with awe, as one ship engaged the pirates. Only
three were left now, and on the run. Morai was running at full power
towards the restricted area. Mihoshi gave chase, destroying the other
two and zeroing in on Morai. Feeling desperate, he turned to the screen
with the fearsome woman on it, "I surrender! I surrender!" He powered
down his weapons systems.

*****************************************************************************

"Mihoshi! Mihoshi! You aren't following procedure! The suspect is
trying to....."

"Shut up!"

"MIHOSHI!"

Yukinojo almost understood what it must be like for a human to be in fear.
The pirate on the comm screen was pleading for his life as the possessed
blonde locked the targeting system on his fleeing ship. In his programming,
he could take over control if the officer in charge was incapacitated. Her
current condition seemed to count. He deactivated the targeting system and
engaged a tractor beam, locking onto the Kurami fighter.

Mihoshi was furious, her weapon wasn't responding. "What the hell is this
shit!" She kept stabbing at the firing control. "Mihoshi! Mihoshi! You
are violating standing orders! You are not following procedure! I must
take control!" When she finally realized the ship wasn't responding, she
screamed in rage, then passed out.

*****************************************************************************

Tenchi and Ernesto were at it again. Tenchi was slaughtering him. After
relieving himself of his mental burden the night before, his mind free to
focus fully on the task at hand, his sword technique gained an edge. And
that little bit was enough to overcome the older mans experience. After
about the tenth killing blow, Ernesto called a halt. "Alright, alright!
Let me take a breather here." Removing the kendo armor, he sat heavily on
a short stool, finding his water bottle. Tossing another to the young man,
he looked at him appraisingly. (What is different about him today?) After
a short break, "Alright, let's see how much you remember from yesterday."
It was time to go through the empty hand portion of their sparring.
Tenchi fared better than yesterday, but Ernesto still had the upper hand.
After getting thrown to the ground once, Tenchi actually managed to put
his opponent down. In the end, Ernesto seemed to inflict more pain than
he received. After a rest, "Well, it would seem that we should work on
your weaponless fighting for the rest of your time here. It's obvious
that I have nothing more to show you in sword fighting." They stood and
bowed to each other. They stopped for some Chinese take-out on the way back
to Ernesto's house. They ate together before Ernesto went off to work,
leaving Tenchi with the house to himself again. He relaxed in the shade of
the back yard for a bit, thinking. (I love Ryoko, I really do. First problem
solved. Now the second problem.....telling Aeka.) This didn't seem to
weigh on him as heavily. He knew who he was in love with, his course of action
was clear now. Just how was he to say it? At least he'd have Raoul and Maria
to talk to tonight. After relaxing for a bit he got up and practiced some
of the new empty hand kata he'd been taught. An hour of practice later he
hopped in the shower and got ready for his visit with Raoul.

Raoul picked him up and drove to his apartment. "I'm making dinner tonight
Tenchi. I hope you like lasagne!" Tenchi relaxed on the couch with a beer
while Raoul worked on dinner. (I'm starting to like having a drink while
relaxing, I guess Ryoko has affected me more ways than one.) "I've never
had that before. How was work?"

"We're not too busy this week. The boss was showing me how to operate some
of the more advanced machines after I'd finished this one order. It was
a pretty easy day. How did you do with Papa today?"

"Well, I think he got even with me in empty hand for the beating I gave
him with the sword today."

Raoul turned towards Tenchi with raised eyebrows, "The beating?"

"Yeah, I felt pretty good today with the sword. I guess I had a lot
on my mind yesterday, but today I was more focused and gave a much
better show."

Raoul wasn't convinced, "You'll have to show me sometime. Maybe Papa
is getting soft in his old age?"

Maria got home just after dinner was finished.

"Hello Tenchi. How badly were you beaten up today?"

Tenchi smiled, "Not as badly as yesterday. Oh, and I took your advice
last night."

"Hmm?"

"I called Ryoko and told her how I felt."

Maria smiled, "So what did she say?"

"Well, at first she was speechless, I'm pretty sure she was crying. She
told me she loved me too, although it's never really been a secret."

"Getting a bit of a big ego are we Tenchi?"

Raoul stepped in, "I think so, he was bragging earlier about beating Papa
up with the sword today."

"No way, c'mon Tenchi."

Tenchi raised both his hands in front of him, "No, really! You should see
the way she acts towards me back home. As for sparring today, I did eat a
bit of the floor today in empty hand!"

"We're just messing with you Tenchi, relax. Have another beer."

Maria asked about Aeka.

"Well, I didn't tell her. I didn't think it would be the best time. I did
want to ask you how I should tell her when I get back."

Maria thought for a bit, "You should tell her how you feel about her first.
Be honest, then explain how you feel about Ryoko. It's the best way."

"Well, I'm not sure of the best way to word it."

"Only you can do that. It'll work out alright. She has alot going for her
back home. She'll get over it."

"I hope so."

Raoul jumped in again, "See, I told you he was an egomaniac. You think some
rich girl wouldn't get over you?"

"Hey!"

Raoul just grinned, "Touchy subject, huh?"

********************************************************************

Mihoshi woke up. She felt groggy, and had a migrane. She slowly opened
her eyes. She was in an unfamiliar room, at first glance she could tell
it was an infirmary. There was an odd burnt smell in the air. She could
hear some activity behind her so she rolled over. The scene before her
was frantic. Every bed (and a large part of the floor) was occupied with
injured people. A few doctors and nurses worked in a frenzy, treating
the victims of the pirate attack. She sat up slowly, wondering what had
happened (The last thing I remember was flying into the fleet....) One of
the nurses came over to her, "How do you feel?" Mihoshi looked into her
eyes and saw a mix of awe, and fear? "My head hurts is all, what's going
on?" The nurse gave her something for the headache, "I have much to do,
no time to talk....."

"Let me help, you seem really really busy."

The nurse was hesitant, then "Alright, come with me."

Part of her training at the GP academy included basic and advanced first
aid, so she turned out to be a big help to the overworked medical staff.
She got alot of the same looks from some of the injured that the nurse
had given her.

Several hours later, when everyone had been attended to, Mihoshi felt
dead on her feet. The nurse came back over to her, "Thank you for
your help, c'mon let's find somewhere for you to rest." She led
Mihoshi to the ships quarters and an empty bunk. "Rest here as long
as you need to. My names Nina. If you need anything, just call the
infirmary and ask for me." Nina went back to work, and Mihoshi lay
down. Soon she fell into a deep, dreamless sleep.

***********************************************************************

Washuu was running new simulations based on her latest data from Ryoko.
The little scientist was in a good mood. It took a few thousand years,
but it finally happened. Her daughter was happy. She hadn't heard
what Tenchi said to her, but when she sensed an unusual surge of energy,
she opened up her mind link and the feelings that poured through........
It brought tears to her eyes, it was so wonderful. Now on to business.
The more she looked at the data, the more it seemed that she should not
mess with the psychological blocks at all. Based on her latest set of
data and some long term projections - they would work themselves out on
their own. It might take a while, but some things are done best when
done slowly. The physiological blocks were another matter. She had the
fix engineered already. It would be finished tomorrow. All she needed
was Ryoko's go ahead after that.


***********************************************************************

Ryoko phased up to the shrine to find Katsuhito waiting for her. Not
saying a word, he tossed her a bokken and attacked. He kept his attacks
simple, as he would with a beginner. He kept the pace of his attacks
slow at first, then sped up as she got her rhythm. As he pressed harder,
she began using her old techniques. He called a halt, "Ryoko, I want you
to only use what I have shown you when sparring." Ryoko grinned a bit,
"What's the matter, can't keep up anymore?" He ignored the taunt, "You
must focus on the new techniques. The training is more effective that
way. Let us begin again." They fought back and forth across the small
courtyard. Yosho held back so that she would remain true to form. When
she seemed to begin reverting to her old ways, he would back off a bit.
He tried to restrict himself to only the moves he had shown her. The
fight became more of a drill eventually, but she was learning. Yosho
called a halt and had Ryoko demonstrate the kata and techniques he had
shown her so far. After running through the whole series flawlessly,
she taught her two more kata, and some three step moves. Then they
moved on to some meditation. Ryoko quickly went into a deep level of
consciousness. She loved the peace and tranquility of it. Yosho arose
from his own meditation, and noticed Ryoko's gems glowing softly. The
look on her face mirrored pure serenity. It seemd a shame to disturb
her, as he had never seen Ryoko so peaceful before. Clapping his hands
twice, she opened her eyes. "Another good performance today Ryoko."
She got up and they bowed. Ryoko decided to walk back to the house and
take a look at some of those flowers she had seen on the way up the
other day.

***********************************************************************


Tenchi woke up a feeling a little woozy (ug..I think I had one too many
beers last night. Now Ryoko and I have something else in common.) He
got dressed and stumbled down the steps. Ernesto had his morning tea
and paper in front of him. Mrs. Fernandez was still there. "Good
morning Tenchi! I'm glad you're up, I just finished making breakfast."
Tenchi smiled gratefully as she set two plates before him. One plate
had some scrambled eggs, toast, sausage and homefries. The other was
all pancakes. "Eat up Tenchi, you'll need lots of energy today!" Not
being fully awake, this comment went in one ear and out the other. He
was enjoying the food too much to notice the sly grin Ernesto was
watching him with.

Later on they pulled up to the warehouse/dojo. They began with a long
period of meditation. Afterwards, Tenchi was suprised to see Ernesto
breaking out the kendo armor, even more so by the fact that he had three
sets out. Just then Raoul showed up. Tenchi looked rapidly back and
forth between the two men and the three sets of armor as realization
dawned on him. "Hey Tenchi, since it isn't very busy at work this week
I took a couple days off. Time I got to see what you are made of!"
Ernesto was all suited up, "Well, since I don't seem to provide much of
a challenge anymore, maybe you are better suited to a two on one fight?"

Tenchi inwardly groaned, his head was not up to this.

The staccato clack of bamboo banging together increased Tenchi's headache
as he fought off the two men. While Ernesto used solid technique and
tricks, Raoul just attacked with energy and enthusiasm. It really kept
him off balance as they circled and struck. Tenchi managed to get in a
couple good strikes on Raoul, at the price of one good whack on the head
from Ernesto. Eventually, Tenchi wound up getting bashed consistently.
It seemed like a good time to call a halt, so they stripped out of the
armor and drank large amounts of water. Raoul praised Tenchi, "I have
to say, I was a little skeptical last night. Looking back you were
actually kind of modest about your ability. I wouldn't want to fight
you alone for sure!" Tenchis head hurt too much to do much more than
smile and nod. (They ganged up on me when I had a hangover.) Still,
he realized that for his training to be effective it had to be more
challenging, and they had just pushed him to his limit. After a rest,
Raoul sat back and watched as his Father made short work of Tenchi in
empty hand fighting. Afterwards, they all did kata together. Ernesto
showed Tenchi a new one which he practiced a while on his own. It was
a tough day, but he learned alot (especially to lay off the beer while
in training!)

**********************************************************************

Mihoshi woke up feeling much better. She found a comm console and
called down to the infirmary asking for Nina. She came back to the
sleeping quarters and took Mihoshi down to the mess area to get her
something to eat, "Sorry that all we have are these packaged meals.
Those attacks really messed up our facilities." Mihoshi didn't mind
at all, but was curious about something, "Why are people looking at
me all funny? Did I do something wrong?" Nina hesitated before she
answered. "Well, it was the way you handled those pirates. It was
.....I don't know what to say. They were going to kill us all, so I
shouldn't feel bad for them. But when you were blowing up the fleeing
ones, who were trying to surrender......begging you. You just laughed
at them.....and killed them." Mihoshi looked at her in disbelief. "Me?
I....I don't remember that." Nina just looked down at her breakfast.
After a while she said, "Have you seen alot of action on the job? Maybe
too much? Maybe it's starting to get to you?"

"I don't know, maybe."

Some of the crew found out who she was and expressed thier graditude.
Eventually she was summoned by the caravan commander.

"Detective Mihoshi, it would seem that I owe you one. Please, have a
seat." The commander was an older man, with long grey hair and a
beard, and piercing blue eyes. A scar ran diagonally across his face.
"I know a fellow veteran when I see one, but I never saw one so pretty
as this." Mihoshi blushed at the compliment. "You really gave those
bastards what they deserved. The remaining one has been placed in the
holding cell aboard your ship. I have to ask you though, where did
you learn to fight like that? They don't teach that at the GP academy
now do they?" Mihoshi didn't know what to say, as she didn't remember
the fight. "Well, I have seen some combat in my career. Also, a friend
of mine is a reformed space pirate. She gave me some pointers once."

"Well, take my advice. Lose that prisoner of yours before you get back
to the station."

"Lose him? Why would I do that? I'd never let him get away!"

"Uh....I mean you might be better off if he was never seen again. None
of my people would ever bring the details of this incident to the GP, but
if that pirate ever lodged a complaint and my people had to testify....."

Mihoshi was perplexed. If only she could remember what happened. Maybe
it would make sense then. "Thank you Captain. I'll stay with your
caravan to escort you to a safe space port."

Back aboard the Yukinojo, Mihoshi settled into the bridge. The ships
computer saw that she was acting normally. "Yukinojo, bring up a recording
of the recent combat action."

Mihoshi watched herself destroy a pirate fleet through the eye of the gun
cameras. "Show me the video feed from the bridge."

The scene played itself out as Mihoshi watched in fear. She saw herself
possessed, grinning evilly as she killed the pirates one by one. She
heard the begging, the screams. It was horrifying.

In a whisper, "That wasn't me....couldn't have been me..."

But it was. Mihoshi was very frightened. How could she have been so out
of control? The captains words came back to her now (Lose that prisoner
of yours......). If the GP ever got word of this, she would be off the
force. Possibly even charged as a criminal! She didn't know what to do.
(Well, I have a few days to think about this until I escort these freighters
to a safe port.) She decided to check on her prisoner.

Morai was not very happy. His brother was dead, his fleet was gone. To top
it off he was stuck in a tiny holding cell of a GP patrol ship and nobody
had come to feed him for a whole day. "Well, I guess it could be worse. SHE
isn't around." Just then Mihoshi showed up. Morai saw her and with a yelp
got as far away from the door of his cell as he could, cowering against the
wall. She read him his rights. Figuring he hadn't eaten in a while, she
worked her control cube until a package of food entered his cell from a slot
in the wall. He made no move to take it, but continued to watch her with
fear in his eyes.

(I'll have to talk to Washuu about this. Maybe she can find out why I can't
remember, and what happened to me.) She returned to the bridge, and prepared
to escort the freighters.



Chapter 8

Ernesto had no appointments or work that day, so he took Tenchi by his office
on the way back from the dojo. His "office" was nothing more than a two bay
garage with a room attached where he kept his desk and files. Tenchi had a bit
of a headache from the pounding he took. Raoul left the two of them to go see
Maria for lunch.

"Ernesto, do you have any aspirin? My head is killing me."

With a bit of concern showing on his face, Ernesto nodded. "We should have lunch,
it's no good to take that stuff on an empty stomach. Just give me a minute to
check my messages."

Tenchi wandered about the small shop while waiting, looking at the ladders, tools,
and supplies. He recognized some from the few times he had gone to new construction
sites with his father. He began to wonder why Ernesto didn't teach full time. Then
he thought about his own future. (What will I do when school is over? College?
Then what?) Ernesto caught his attention and they went off in search of lunch.

They pulled up to a small Japanese restaurant. After they were seated and had their
orders taken Tenchi asked Ernesto about his job. What he seemed to enjoy was the
transformation from new to old. What he really liked was gutting an old house and
rebuilding the inside to look brand new. Lunch arrived and Tenchi took his aspirin.
When finished eating, Tenchi had a few more questions

"When did you decide you wanted to do this type of work?"

"Well, when I was in the military I worked in a engineering unit that specialized
in construction. When I got out I wanted to start my own dojo. I have been into
the martial arts since I was eight years old, and it was my dream for years to
start my own school. Since I needed money to open a school, I went back into
construction. When I first started my school, I taught part time because I still
needed the money from my other work. After a while, my school grew to the point
where it would be self sustaining, and I quit the construction job. Eventually,
I found that I missed the other work, and started my own business in construction.
Over time, I found I enjoyed the construction work more than the teaching, plus
there was a growing demand for my work."

"I hope I can find something I enjoy like that. Did you ever get homesick while
you were in the military?"

"Sometimes. Are you feeling homesick?"

"A little."

The ambiance of the restaurant had Tenchi thinking of home. On the way back to
Ernesto's house, his thoughts drifted to Ryoko. Like Ryoko, once the thoughts
were in his head they wouldn't let go. Since he was no longer in denial, he
found that he really missed her. All the hugs out of nowhere, waking up to
see her over his bed in the morning, the way she fought over him. It all seemed
so endearing now. He wondered what she was doing now. Looking at his watch,
he figured she was sleeping. Tenchi felt a little tired himself and figured he
would take a nap once they got back.

***************************************************************************

Mihoshi departed the spaceport at Rendeverez after making sure the caravan
ships had all docked safely. She didn't want to hang around for long because
she didn't want to talk to the local GP liaison. Once she had her course for
home established, she turned to the quandary at hand. (What do I do? If I
take this pirate to a GP station I could lose my job. But it is my job to
turn him over! How would I explain myself? I need to go over the regulations.
There's got to be an answer in there. I need to talk to Ryoko, she will know
what to do!) With that last thought, she felt a little better.

****************************************************************************

Tenchi woke up on Ernesto's couch where he had passed out after getting back
from lunch. He could smell appetizing odors wafting from the kitchen, and
made his way over to the dining area. Ernesto, Raoul, Maria, and Tia were
all there having a conversation not in Japanese. Raoul was the first to
spot him, "Well, I'm glad to see you up. I was worried we had been too
much for you today."

"Well, it was good training. I guess I have more of the same in store for
tomorrow?"

Ernesto answered that one, "Pretty much, just make sure you get a good nights
rest. We only have two more days. We have to make the most of it."

After another wonderful dinner Tenchi excused himself and went to his room.
He thought about fighting two people simultaneously. His thoughts went to
some of his Grandfathers Aikido lessons. Settling into the lotus position,
he began to meditate, preparing himself for the battle tomorrow.

****************************************************************************

Night fell across the city. Between the brightly lit streets and the shadows
people walked, oblivious to the dark shadow moving across the sky. Had anyone
looked up, all they would have seen was stars appearing and disappearing in
a sinister outline. Not a sound marked it's passage as the shape stealthfully
crossed Tokyo. Slowly, it came to a halt, hovering over a darkened empty
alleyway. Two figures appeared, then moved quietly out of the alley onto the
sidewalk. The shape overhead began moving back the way it had come, gradually
accelerating until it was beyond the horizon. The figures whispered quietly
amongst themselves, not wanting to draw any attention to themselves. Due to
their appearance, attention was inevitable.

"I don't know how you talked me into this. Here I am stalking around these
dark streets and alleyways like a common thief!"

"Relax princess, would you have rather taken the train?"

"Well, I suppose not...."

"Well, we couldn't just teleport onto the main street now could we?"

Aeka and Ryoko walked into the light of a main street, and caught the eyes of
many men. They wore matching sequin dresses, Ryoko's was blue and Aekas was
purple. The skirt of each stopped just above the knee, the neckline was a
compromise between Ryoko's immodesty and Aeka's modesty, and they were both
sleeveless. Ryoko wore a matching necklace and bracelets made of gold and
rubies that served to both hide and complement the red gems on her neck and
wrists. Aeka wore a similar set made of diamonds and platinum. The overall
effect was stunning. They made their way to a popular nightclub that had
dancing and karaoke. It was a girls night out, and they both planned on
having fun. They were almost to the club when they saw the line. The club
was popular indeed.

"What do we do now? We'll be in that line all night from the look of it."

"C'mon, I've got an idea!"

Ryoko grabbed Aeka by the hand and walked past everyone to the front of the line.
Two large men stood at the entrance, collecting the cover charge.

"Aeka, trust me on this. Follow my act and we'll get right in!"

Still holding her by the hand, Ryoko led them to the door, swinging her hips
suggestively while they walked. They stopped before the bouncers. Ryoko got
behind Aeka and wrapped her arms around her waist, resting her chin on Aeka's
shoulder. Aeka stiffened in shock at the sudden closeness of the space pirate.
Ryoko felt this and whispered, "Relax, it's just an act - it'll be over in a
minute." To the bouncers, now that she had their full attention, "Hello boys,
mind if I sneak in here with my girl?" She then licked her lips and ran a hand
down the side of Aeka's leg, causing her to tense even more as her eyes grew
as big as saucers. The doormen were dumbstruck for a moment, then one of them
recovered and waved them in with a smile.

Once inside, Aeka shook off Ryoko's hand in disgust, "How dare you! I can't
believe you sometimes......"

Ryoko cut her off, "Look, we didn't wait in line, and it didn't even cost us
anything to get in! It was just an act - it worked didn't it?"

Aeka calmed a bit, but was still a little flustered. "Alright, but warn me
a little more before you pull something like that."

Ryoko just smiled as they made their way to the bar. Many pairs of male eyes
tracked their progress. Aeka was becoming very self-conscious as she felt
the pressure of all the gazes. When she asked Ryoko about going into town
with her, she hadn't considered a trip like this.

Ryoko didn't mind the attention. In the back of her mind she had an idea to
try to find a guy that Aeka might like. She certainly had the attention of
enough. (Maybe after a couple of drinks she can relax.) She got the attention
of the bartender, "Could we get a strawberry daquari and a long island ice tea?"
The bartender smiled at the ladies appreciatively before getting the drinks.
When he returned, Ryoko slipped him a 5000 yen note, "Make sure you keep those
drinks coming, okay?" Aeka cautiously sipped hers, then smiled and took a big
drink through the straw.

"Thank you, Ryoko. This is quite good."

(And they'll sneak up on you too Princess!)

Ryoko took hers in one gulp and slammed her glass down on the bar for a refill.
She scanned the room for likely men for Aeka. (Nope......nope....nope....maybe,
....oh, he's too into himself...........that one looks gay........nope....ah ha!)

Ryoko spotted a pair of guys at the table. They looked like Westerners. Hopefully
they spoke Japanese. She looked over at Aeka. She sat facing the bar, and only had
eyes for her drink - which was almost gone. She turned to the two at the table
again. One had long blond hair, the other had short dark hair. They were having a
conversation. Using her incredibly sharp hearing, Ryoko listened in.

The blond spoke first, "Look man, I drag you all the way into Tokyo and all you do
is sit there! Go ask one of these girls to dance!"

The dark haired guy replied, "I would Greg, but I can't dance worth a damn!"

"It doesn't matter Joey! Just get out there and move with the music. Here, watch!"

Greg the blond got up and approached a girl and they talked briefly, then proceeded
to the dance floor.

Joey the dark haired guy watched, sighed, and returned to his drink.

(Another terminally shy Tenchi type guy. Perfect for Aeka!)

"Hey Princess, let's go dance."

"I don't think I want to dance with you after that incident at the door."

Two more drinks arrived, and Ryoko gulped hers down quickly as Aeka sipped
at hers. The barkeep noticed Ryoko's trend and quickly brought another
one as she slipped him another 5000 yen note. She put part one of her plan
into effect. "Hey, we can go ask that guy over there to dance." She
motioned to Joey the dark haired one. Aeka considered him for a moment.
He seemed non-threatening to her. (Well, I haven't been out dancing in
700 years after all.) "Alright, but let me finish my drink here first."

Ryoko was on her seventh drink while Aeka was finishing her first. "Ryoko,
don't you think you need to take it easy on the alcohol?" Ryoko just
laughed. "I'll be just fine, these drinks aren't that strong," she lied.
"And I don't mean to pry, but where did you get all this money from?"
Ryoko winked and said, "Well, the first Bank of Jurai seemed to have some
extra cash for the taking." Aeka sprayed her drink out, "WHAT!"

"Just kidding, jeeze! My mom just happens to be very wealthy. I guess all
that time in the lab isn't a big waste."

Aeka calmed a bit. Finishing her drink at the same time as Aeka, they went
over to go see Joey. "Hi there!" said Ryoko. Joey looked up in suprise,
then his eyes got really big. "Me and my friend here would like to dance,
care to join us?" Joey just nodded, and Ryoko took his hand and Aeka's
and led them to the dance floor. Aeka had attended several balls at the
Royal Court of Jurai, and had formal dance lessons. She was able to
quickly improvise and adapt what she knew to match what others on the
floor around them were doing. Ryoko was just a natural, and found herself
moving with the beat of the music. Joey couldn't follow Ryoko's lead, so
he tried to keep up with Aeka. He couldn't believe his dumb luck. (What
did I do to deserve this? Two gorgeous women come outta nowhere and ask
ME to dance?) Ryoko noticed the guy paying more attention to Aeka, and
inwardly smiled.

Greg the blond couldn't believe his eyes. Here was his bud Joey dancing
with the two hottest women in the club? How'd that happen? He thanked
the girl he had been dancing with and moved towards his friend.

Ryoko saw the blond approaching, and starting thinking how best to run
things tonight. Greg got her attention and motioned for her to dance
with him. She turned to him and they danced together. (He's pretty
good) Ryoko thought. Joey seemed to have gotten his rhythm with Aeka,
despite his misgivings about his dancing ability. After a couple songs,
they all returned to the same table, Joey sitting next to Aeka and Ryoko
with Greg. Ryoko waved to the bartender and he got a waitress to take
their order. "This one's on me boys, what'll you have?"

Joey said, "I'll just have a coke, I'm driving" Greg said the same.

Aeka was thirsty from dancing, and was quickly into her third daquari.

"So what brings you guys to Japan?" Ryoko asked.

"Well, we kind of live here." Joey answered. "We both teach English
actually." Greg kicked him under the table. Joey looked at Greg angrily,
remembering suddenly his friends advice not to mention that.

"Really? Where did you learn Japanese so well?" Ryoko asked.

Greg answered, "Well, I was a military brat. My Dad was stationed here
for a long time when he was in the US Air Force. I picked the language
up quickly because I took classes and hung around off base alot. What
brings you two to Japan?"

Aeka answered, "All our friends and family live here, it's home to us."

Joey asked, "So what do you girls do for a living?"

"Oh, we don't have to work, our families are rich." Ryoko said.

It was Aeka's turn to kick Ryoko under the table. Wanting to change the
subject, Aeka turned to Joey, "When did you first arrive in Japan?"

"Well, I joined the Marines when I was seventeen and they shipped me
off to Okinawa........"

Joey continued on with his story with Aeka listening. Ryoko turned to
Greg and whispered in his ear, "I'm trying to set my friend up with
someone, since I've already got a boyfriend. Think you can lend me a
hand here?" Greg looked at her, and winked conspiratorially. Ryoko
waved to a server, and motioned for another round. Then she went
with Greg back to the dance floor, leaving Aeka and Joey alone.

(He seems like a nice man. Kind of like Tenchi. He doesn't have noble
blood though. Oh how I miss Tenchi! The more he reminds me of him the
more I miss Tenchi.) Aeka thought.

".......and after my second tour in the military I decided to come back
here. Teaching English can be fun. So are you two really rich or are
you just pulling our legs?"

Aeka laughed nervously "Well, Ryoko tends to exaggerate!"

Joey relaxed a little, "So what do you like to do? You have any hobbies?"

Aeka thought for a while, (Do I?) "Well, I like to work on the garden around
the house. It's more like housework than a hobby, but I enjoy it. How
about you?"

"Well, I really enjoy the martial arts........."

Ryoko looked over from the dance floor to the couple at the table. They
seemed to be having a good conversation. Time for some game playing.

"Say Greg, I'm going to dance with Joey for a bit. Keep Aeka company
would you?" Greg nodded and they headed to the table.

The two were deep in conversation when Ryoko slid into the booth next to
Joey and wrapped her arms around his neck. Joey tensed up and Ryoko
cooed into his ear, "C'mon and dance with me now. Don't let Aeka have
you all to herself."

"Really Ryoko, do you have to be so rude and interrupt!"

"Let's go Joey!" Suprised at her strength, Joey was reluctantly dragged
out to the dance floor.

"She's really something, isn't she?" Greg asked Aeka.

"She is SOMETHING all right!" Aeka huffed.

(Wow, Ryoko sure knows her friend well to be able to press her buttons like
that. What a player!)

Joey danced half heartedly with Ryoko, and quickly returned to the table
when the song was over.

Aeka was glad to see Joey return. She didn't enjoy Greg's company as much.
Ryoko saw this, and ordered some more drinks. The DJ annouced that the
karaoke contest would begin soon. "Hey guys, we have to enter! Aeka, lets
show everyone what we can do!" Aeka had loosened up after her third drink
and was working on her forth. "Will you be singing too Joey-sama?" Ryoko
raised her eyebrows at Aeka's form of address. "Uh....yeah, sure!"

"Very well, yes Ryoko, let's do it!"

They looked over the song list. Ryoko got that up to no good gleam in her
eye, "Joey, what song would you like me to sing for you?" Aeka looked
annoyed at her again. "Just decide for yourself Ryoko!"

Eventually they wrote down the songs they wanted to do and handed it in to
the DJ. The contest began and the four chatted quietly amongst themselves
while listening to some of the singers. A few were decent, but many tried
very hard to be - causing a few people around the bar to wince painfully.
Of the four, Greg went first - with a not too awful attempt at singing
Pink by Aerosmith. Soon Joey was up, doing a good job at She talks to
Angels by the Black Crowes. He was rewarded with a bit of applause, and
an appeciative smile from Aeka. She was up next, singing the LeAnn Rimes
version of Unchained Melody. Her singing was wonderful, and she held the
attention of the whole bar for the duration. She couldn't hit some of the
high notes though, but improvised enough that nobody cared. She finished
up to a great many cheers, whistles and applause. She took a bow before
leaving the stage. Ryoko was absent from the table when she got back.
After a few more singers, Ryoko still hadn't returned. Aeka began to
get a little nervous. She was about to excuse herself to look for the
ex-pirate when the DJ called for her turn.

Suddenly, all the lights in the club went out, plunging everyone into
darkness. Then three spotlights focused on the stage to reveal......
Ryoko of course! She had changed into a very tight revealing outfit.
The music began - Oops, I did it again by Brittany Spears. From the
look of it, Ryoko must have studied the artists dance moves, because
for those few minutes on stage - she WAS Brittany Spears. Everyone
went wild, as Ryoko danced across the stage. Even Aeka was impressed.
At the end of the song, the DJ fired off some smoke cannons for effect.
When the smoke cleared, Ryoko was gone. After a moment of stunned
silence the crowd erupted into wild cheers.

There were still several contestants to go, but it seemed the winner
had already been chosen. Ryoko appeared at the table about ten minutes
after her performance. She was back in the blue dress. Greg and Joey
sat in awe of her, making Aeka just a *little* jealous. Soon the contest
was over, and all eyes were on their table. The DJ called out for both
Ryoko and Aeka. Ryoko had a big grin on her face and was rubbing her
hands together in anticipation. First prize was two tickets to the
Tokyo Disneyland Resort. Second prize was dinner for two at one of the
best restaurants in town. Everyone cheered when Ryoko was awarded
first place. She bowed dramatically to the crowd many times. Aeka was
not happy with being second place, but at least Ryoko shared the spotlight
with her.

The dance floor opened up again. Aeka was on her fifth drink, while Ryoko
was into the double digits. Joey asked Aeka to dance, and led her away
from the table. Ryoko and Greg joined them. After a fast song, the DJ
annouced it was time to slow it down. Ryoko danced with Greg long enough
to make sure that Joey had Aeka's attention, and quietly went back to the
table. Greg asked her, "Are you sure you are serious with someone? Go
out with me sometime, I promise you'll enjoy yourself." Ryoko turned to
give him a look, and that look for some reason chilled him to his core.
"I'm sure." Then seeing Greg's expression of confused apprehension, "We
can be friends though." After that 'look' Greg wasn't sure he wanted
even that now, wondering why he was suddenly frightened of her. "Uh, okay."
Ryoko flashed him a smile, "I need your help getting those two together.
I'll need all the help I can get." Greg nodded, not seeming very happy.
"I'll tell you what, if we are successful, I'll introduce you to a friend
of mine you might like!" Imagining what her friend looked like, Greg
shook off the lingering fear and nodded enthusiastically.

Ryoko looked back to the dance floor as the second slow song started.
Joey and Aeka continued dancing, much to Ryoko's delight. "Hey Greg,
you got a phone number or something? I think those two are too shy
to ask each other." Greg actually had a business card, which he handed
over. "You two live near each other?" Greg nodded, "Yes, we live in
the suburbs to the southwest."

Joey and Aeka returned after the last slow song. They talked for a bit
more when Ryoko excused herself to use the ladies room, with Aeka in
tow. "So what do you think?"

Aeka looked questioningly, her wits dulled slightly by all the alcohol.

"You want to hang out with those guys again sometime?"

"Oh, well.....you see......um...."

Ryoko got frustrated, but didn't let it show, "You obviously like the guy!
It doesn't hurt to make friends, does it?"

"No....I suppose not...."

"Well then, go ask for his number or something. We have to use these
tickets we won. Maybe they would like to go along?"

Aeka's expression slowly shifted from indecision to resolve, "Alright
then, Joey seems nice enough, but just friends!"

Ryoko grinned. They headed back to the table. Upon request Joey
hastily scribbled his number on a matchbook and handed it to Aeka.
Greg had regained a bit of his bravado, "So ladies, can we offer
you a ride home?" Aeka started with, "No, we were just..." but
Ryoko cut her off, "Sure, take us to the train station!"

Ryoko screamed with delight from her perch on the back of the sleek
Suzuki sportbike as Greg weaved through the city traffic at a breakneck
pace. Joey was not as daring, mainly because he didn't want to
terrify Aeka on her first motorcycle ride. She might not want to
get back on if he did. At the train station, Ryoko leapt off the back
shouting a happy whoop. A couple minutes later, Joey and Aeka arrived.
Ryoko jumped up and down shouting, "Beat ya! Beat ya!"

"Ryoko, really!" but she wasn't mad. She enjoyed the ride on the
primitive machine too much to get angry at Ryoko's antics. They
waved goodbye as the two men departed on the high performance bikes.

(Come, Ryo-ohki.) "So, did you have a good time tonight Princess?"

"Well, at first I wasn't sure this was such a good idea. Although I must
admit I rather enjoyed myself tonight."

"We sure showed them all with the Karaoke, didn't we?"

Aeka smiled, "Yes, indeed we did."

Soon they were enveloped in bright light, as Ryo-ohki beamed them off
the empty train platform.

********************************************************************

Tenchi was up with the sun. After a few stretching exercises he went
to the backyard and went through some of the kata he contemplated the
night before. After a half hour he went inside for a quick shower
before breakfast. Ernesto was at his usual crossword puzzle while
Tia brought out breakfast. She winked at Tenchi and said, "Don't whip
up on them too hard today now." Tenchi smiled back and dug into his
meal.

At the dojo, Tenchi quickly settled into his meditation, building his
strength for the coming challenge. He would have to be very quick on
his feet.

They all began donning their armor. Tenchi took care to tie his on
carefully, setting it up to allow maximum freedom of movement. He
was very focused and serious this morning, and vowed not to give a
repeat performance of the day before.

They began, with Tenchi shuffling and circling to keep the two men in
front of him. At first it didn't go the way he wanted. As he struck
and leapt quickly away, trying to keep his distance, one of the others
would try to move in behind him. Tenchi was very fast, and that was
the only thing sustaining him now. Raoul couldn't resist a taunt,
"Are you going to run all day, or fight." Tenchi remained silent,
ignoring the distraction. Then he began to see the patterns of it all,
and something clicked in his mind. He leapt at Raoul, knocking his
weapon up and away while sweeping his leg under him and knocking him
into the onrushing Ernesto, who shortly found his son tangled in his
legs as Tenchi's bamboo sword struck against his twice quickly, one
hitting down and the next batting the older mans sword aside and at
the same time striking him in the midsection with a powerful sidekick,
putting father and son together on the ground in a heap. Tenchi then
leapt back into a defensive stance waiting for them to get back up.
If he could only have seen their faces, he would have become over-
confident. Instead, he contemplated on the upcoming empty hand bout.
(Paybacks a bitch.)

The two were quickly back on their feet. Ernesto was impressed with
the tactics. Raoul was just recovering from the shock. They would
not let him get away with that tactic a second time. They began
circling again, trying to get Tenchi between them. Ernesto had an
idea to try to manuever Tenchi into a corner. With a bit of subtle
movement, his plan seemed to come together. Tenchi was almost into
the corner when the two men struck out at the same time. Instead
of leaping back as Ernesto wanted him too, Tenchi leap forward,
catching Ernesto's sword on his while ducking under Raouls strike,
slamming into his body. Tenchi twisted the kendo sword out of
Raouls suprised hands while parrying a second swipe by Ernesto.
Then Tenchi was behind them, a weapon in each hand. He rushed at
Ernesto, swinging the two bamboo swords in a pattern more suited
to Escrima fighting sticks. After landing a strike on the top of
Ernesto's head, he leapt back, tossing Raoul's sword back to him.

(Amazing) Ernesto thought. Getting back into it, Ernesto tried
just engaging Tenchi directly giving Raoul time to circle around.
Tenchi was too fast though, always leaping away before his son
could get into a position to strike. Tenchi put up a seemingly
invincible defense. Then all of a sudden, Raoul found himself in
a position to strike. As he swung downward he found Tenchi had
spun his back fully towards him with his sword parrying over his
right shoulder, then he dropped to his knees and caught Ernestos
sword on Raoul's, then he pushed both off his and did two quick
swipes across both of their midsections, then landed a open hand
strike to Raoul's stomach while parrying another strike from
Ernesto, then sweeping his leg out to trip the older man up. As
they both regained their balance, Tenchi leapt back into a defensive
stance.

All three men were breathing heavily. They hadn't expected this.
Ernesto bowed to Tenchi, Raoul following suit. Tenchi returned the
bow after relaxing. They began peeling off the armor, and Tenchi
knew what came next. Getting trounced.

"You know, Tenchi, I was just a warm up for the rest of your trip.
As far as the top ten swordsmen go, I've got to be number 10. Well,
maybe 11 now," The master said with a smile. "Where I really shine
is in empty hand." Tenchi inwardly groaned, Ernesto knew that he
dreaded the next part, and was rubbing it in.

Tenchi was suprised when he was tossed a bokken instead. Ernesto
regarded him with a smile, "Now, young sensei, please teach us some
of those esoteric sword kata!"

*****************************************************************

Mihoshi was on final approach to the lake in front of the Masaki
home. After settling in for an uncharacteristically perfect landing,
she slumped over the controls and let out a long pain filled sigh.
It was late at night, so she didn't expect anyone to be awake.
Once inside, she heard a quiet conversation in the kitchen. She
found Aeka and Ryoko having a late night chat over tea. She was
suprised by many aspects of the whole scene. Instead of asking
about what was going on, she joined them at the table. Ryoko
poured Mihoshi a cup. Aeka noticed Mihoshi's troubled look through
the alcohol induced fog, "What's wrong Mihoshi? I don't think I've
ever seen you so subdued?" Ryoko noticed the same thing. "What
happened Mihoshi? Something bad happened didn't it?" Mihoshi
slowly nodded, confirming Ryoko's fear. She drained her cup for
strength, then began relating the details of her battle with the
pirates.


Chapter 9


WASHUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Ryoko stormed into the little scientist's lab, very upset. In tow
was a very tipsy princess and an equally upset Mihoshi. Hearing
Ryoko revert to her old form of address, Washuu winced, wondering
why. She popped up behind them, and quietly asked, "What's wrong."
Ryoko spun about quickly, and Aeka bounced off of her, falling to
the ground. Very quickly, Mihoshi grabbed onto her, preventing
her fall and steadying her on her feet. "I think thats supposed
to happen the other way around," muttered the princess.

"I'll tell you what's wrong," yelled Ryoko, "That damn THING you made,
it really messed up Mihoshi, that's what!"

Mihoshi stepped in, crying, but not in a hysterical wail, "Ryoko, it's
not her fault, it's mine. I should have known better than to mess
with anything in the lab."

Ryoko disagreed, "She had no business making that THING in the first
place!"

Aeka was confused about the subject, as most things discussed in Washuu's
lab seemed to be over everyone's head but Washuu. She provided a voice
of reason, however, "Ryoko, it doesn't matter who is at fault right now.
I think we could accomplish more here if we try to solve this problem."

Ryoko got a grip, and lowered her head, forcing herself to calm. Aeka
saw this, and found a couch to sit on. Ryoko regained her composure,
and looked up again. "Okay, I'm calm. Now, Mihoshi has a problem, and
you, Washuu, are going to fix it, right?"

Washuu looked at her daughter with a mixture of hurt and alarm. (The VR
glasses did more to Mihoshi than I realized!) "Alright, lets get her to
this bed over here," she summoned her holotop and equipment began to
appear. Once they got Mihoshi settled in and had some scanners hooked
up, "Okay, tell me what happened."

As Mihoshi related the incident, Washuu tapped into Yukinojo to pull up
the video, audio, and other data relating to the incident. She also
downloaded the GP manual and pertinent sections of Galactic law. Soon,
she had enough data from Mihoshi to begin analysis. Ryoko sat by the
bedside the whole time, holding Mihoshi's hand, while Aeka had passed
out on the couch.

Washuu went over the data for a while, noting this and that. Eventually
she came to a conclusion, and let out a long sigh before beginning. "Okay,
here's the situation. Ryoko, Mihoshi relived some of your life. About
fifty years worth. Now, since she has only lived about half as long as
that, so in her psyhce, she has been you longer than she has been herself.
Plus, she experienced all the trauma without the psychological blocks
that you had which protected your mind. Some of the problems generated
include something similar to multiple personality disorder, and post
traumatic stress syndrome. But like you, it is a unique case with unique
problems. I'll work on this, but right now, she needs to avoid all stress
and relax for a while."

"But her job! She's GP! Stress is inevitable! She can't just take off
work whenever she feels like it. And that prisoner of hers, what do we
do with him?"

"Let me handle it, okay? I'll work on this tonight. Why don't you go
get some rest."

"I'm not going anywhere."

"Alright, but don't distract me, I have alot of work to do."

Ryoko nodded and sat my Mihoshi for a while. Then she remembered Aeka.
She began searching around for something, when Washuu cleared her throat,
"Ahem!" Ryoko turned about in time to catch a blanket hurled at her.
"Now sit still! I said no distractions!" After covering Aeka up on the
couch she sat by the bed again and looked over at her mother. She was
typing away furiously, a look of intense concentation on her face. The
Blonde GP soon fell asleep. Ryoko began to nod off, when the sounds of
Mihoshi moaning in her sleep made her sit up. After a while, Washuu
noticed too, as Mihoshi began to toss and turn. She pulled up a second
holotop, and began typing on it with one hand while continuing to work
on the other. A second array of equipment appeared near Mihoshi's head,
and she began to rest easier. After a few hours or so Ryoko looked back
over at Washuu, who hadn't slowed a bit in her work.

"Is there anything I can do to help?"

Washuu paused and looked over at Ryoko, "No, I'm almost finished here."

Ryoko looked down at the floor before replying "I'm sorry I yelled at you
earlier...........Mom."

Washuu smiled and sighed, smiling with her mouth, but with sad eyes.
Ryoko looked up and saw this, and releasing Mihoshi's hand, she got up
and went over to Washuu and gave her a big hug. A single tear ran down
Washuu's cheek, unnoticed by either one.


**********************************************************************

Tenchi spent the whole morning going over Juraian sword techniques with
Ernesto and Raoul. After lunch, they returned to the house. "So, you
ready or the big weekend Tenchi?" Raoul asked. "What do you mean?"
"Well, we said we were going to take you partying! You don't have to
leave until Sunday, so we have tonight and Saturday."

"But what about training?"

"Are you planning on training every day all summer? You can over do it
you know. Time off is good for you."

Ernesto appeared, "Yes Tenchi, you need to take time off for balance. Go
have fun. You have earned it."

"Okay, I suppose you are right. Where are we going?"

"Well, first things first, let's see what you have to wear. I have to
make sure you look good for the ladies," Raoul said with a smirk. "Now
let's see if you have anything to wear out."

Tenchi showed Raoul the clothes he brought along. "Nope, these just
won't do at all."

Waving goodbye to Ernesto, the two took off for the mall. Raoul picked
out a couple of outfits for Tenchi, with the help of a salesgirl, and
they headed back to his place. "Alright, there are fresh towels in the
bathroom closet. Go get ready, so when Maria gets home we can get her
opinion."

Later on, Tenchi was relaxing on the couch when Maria came in. "Stand
up, let me take a look at you." Tenchi complied, sheepishly.

"Damn boy, you look so handsome in that outfit!"

Tenchi turned a shade of red, and looked down at the floor.

Maria just laughed and went to find Raoul. A few hours later, the three
drove off. Soon they came to a house that had cars parked all around it.
As they got out of the truck, they could hear the loud beat of music that
was coming from inside. Tenchi was a little nervous, and Raoul noticed.
Putting his hand on his shoulder, he said, "Just relax and have a good
time! You are here to have fun."

Inside he was greeted with an assault on his senses. Since he was very
hungry, the first thing he noticed was the smell of food, which he quickly
located set out on two table along the far wall. The music was loud
enough to prevent conversation. The stereo played an intense latin dance
beat. It looked as though all the furniture was shoved against the wall,
to make room for dancing. Some of the women on the 'dance floor' got his
attention then. One in particular caught his eye. She wore a short
skirt with a top that left her midsection bare. As he watched her, she
noticed and met his gaze with a big smile. Tenchi realized he was staring
and quickly looked away. Then Maria was in his ear, "That's Jenny, why
don't you go dance with her." Tenchi quickly answered, "I'm going to eat
first." Over at the buffet, Tenchi helped himself to the veritable feast.

While eating, he watched Raoul and Maria dancing with abandon, having a
good old time. They looked so happy together. Tenchi sighed, and thought
about Ryoko. As his thoughts drifted, he felt someone grab his hand.
Looking up he saw Jenny smiling. "Come and dance!" She shouted over the
music. He looked around quickly and spotted Raoul and Maria. They were
both looking at him with serious expressions. They made motions with
their hands, indicating he should go with her. Reluctant and nervous,
he was led to the dance floor. He began dancing a bit half heartedly,
but Jenny would have none of that, and tried to get him to relax and
follow her lead. Tenchi wasn't a quick enough study, and soon found
himself flanked by Raoul and Maria. With a nod to Jenny, they took
him over to a counter with an impressive line up of alcohol. Raoul
sat with Tenchi and poured two shots of Bacardi. "Down the hatch my
man!" he toasted. Tenchi's face twisted a bit as the rum made it's way
down to his belly. Raoul poured him another. After a few, Raoul said,
"You know, you really should loosen up. It's necessary for balance too."
Tenchi just nodded, feeling the alcohol take affect. He knew what Raoul
was trying to do, and figured he'd go along with it. Soon Jenny was back,
and Tenchi looked at Raoul who nodded, and motioned with his head over
to the dance floor.

This time, Tenchi was able to dance. He fell into a rhythm with the music,
just letting himself loose. Jenny smiled and danced, and soon took him by
the hands, and led him in some dance moves, which he quickly picked up.
With the sense of balance and timing he achieved through years of Martial
Arts practice, he was able to catch on fast. At first, Tenchi tensed up
anytime their bodies would make contact. He learned over time to just
deal with it, as it was part of dancing. He began doing very well, and
they danced for a long time. Eventually, feeling a bit overheated, he
shouted to Jenny he needed a drink and a rest. She grabbed his hand and
took him over to the bar. Instead of alcohol, Tenchi found a bottle of
cola and some ice. Jenny made herself some concoction and began sipping.
Tenchi quickly drained his glass, burped, and poured another. Jenny just
watched him, sipping slowly from her straw. Tenchi took his time on the
second drink, afraid he would get hiccups. Jenny was making him nervous.
"I'm going to go outside for a bit. See you later!" Tenchi shouted, and
found his way to the back porch. Outside, at least he could hear himself
think. Tenchi sat down on a chair and looked up at the stars, wondering
about the things that went on up there. From the increase in the volume
of the music, he could tell that someone had opened the door. Jenny
came out and sat down next to him.

"So what are you doing out here all alone?"

"Just needed some fresh air and a little quiet." said Tenchi.

"Weren't you having fun with me?"

"Well, yes. Thank you for the dance."

After a long pause,

"You really miss her, don't you."

"How do you know? How can you tell?"

"No man walks away from me without a good reason," Jenny smiled.

Tenchi looked over at her and smiled back, "The best reason."

Someone else came out the door then.

"So, is this guy you're cheating on me with?"

Both turned to see a pretty big guy looking none too pleased.

"You can't cheat on someone you're not going out with Manny. Even
you can't be stupid enough not to know that."

His face turned very dark, "You're coming with me, now!"

"Go home Manny, I'm not going anywhere tonight."

Manny grabbed Jenny by the wrist and pulled her onto her feet. Tenchi
was still seated, looking up at the two, "Let her go."

The larger man looked down with mixed anger and amusement, "You better
mind your own business, kid. You're lucky I don't just bitch slap you
for talking to her."

"Let her go."

And he did, swinging an open hand to deliver the slap he promised. Tenchi
reached up, almost casually, while simultaneously rocking back on the rear
two legs of his chair, catching Mannys hand. As the chair rocked back
forward, he used its momentum along with the swing of his antagonists arm
to engage him in an Aikido stlye wrist lock while smoothly rising to a
standing position. Applying just enough pressure to let the other guy
know who was in charge, Tenchi looked over at Jenny, "You alright?"

Jenny sat back down, rubbing her wrist, "Yeah, I'm okay." She appraised
the situation for a moment. "Wow, you sure Kung-Fued his ass!" She walked
around behind Tenchi, feeling safer with him between her and Manny.

Tenchi looked down again at Manny, who was grunting in pain, and afraid
to move lest Tenchi break his arm. "Actually, Kung-Fu is more of a Chinese
style." Then he said to Manny, "So, where do we go from here?"

"What?" Manny grunted through clenched teeth.

"Well, you have two clear paths. Apologize to the lady here, or I subdue
you further. I'd rather relax and have another drink, what do you say?"

Manny was letting his anger get the better of him, and tried struggling a
bit, in vain. "Are you sure you wouldn't rather have a drink?"

"OKAY! OKAY! Just let me go!"

"Apologize."

He began to struggle a bit more, but Tenchi added just a bit more pressure
for persuasion.

"ALRIGHT! I'M SORRY! OKAY! I'M SORRY! JUST LET GO!"

Tenchi pushed forward and let him go, and he fell in a heap on the ground.
Manny stood up, looking angrily at Tenchi. It looked like he was
considering something, when someone else joined the group on the porch.
"Picking fights out here my man?" Tenchi turned to see Raoul.

Manny knew Raoul by his reputation, a nice guy you don't want to mess with.
Whatever he had been considering seemed forgotten now. Then he turned
angrily and stalked off into the night.

"You get a restraining order against him yet?" Raoul asked.

"Damn sure did! His ass is in big trouble now!" Jenny replied angrily.
Then she shouted out into the darkness, "HEAR THAT ASSHOLE! YOU'RE GOING
TO JAIL NOW, STUPID!"

"C'mon, let's go get a drink." Tenchi said. The three made their way back
inside. 



********************************************************************


Ryoko walked out of the lab, stretching and letting out a big yawn. 
Sasami had just started making breakfast. Ryoko walked over and
laid a had affectionately on the little girls head, "Good Morning
Sasami."

"What's wrong, Ryoko? You look tired."

"Long night. Say, we have a ..... guest. Could you make up a plate
for me to take out to Mihoshi's ship?"

Sasami looked up excitedly, "We have a guest!" Then she got a perplexed
look, "But why on Yukinojo?"

Ryoko bent down and whispered conspiratorially, "We have a space pirate
held prisoner on board."

Sasami's face lit up and she clasped her hands together, "Oh boy! A real
space pirate! Can I go see? Can I, can I?"

Ryoko titled her head to the side and with a tone of mock hurt in her voice,
"Oh, so I'm not a REAL space pirate now, huh?"

"Well, you were under.....I mean, it wasn't ...."

Ryoko smiled down at the little princess, "I'm just kidding!"

Sasami brightened, "Well, can I bring it over to see?"

Ryoko thought for a minute, "Well, you can go over with me. But
I want you to stay behind me okay?"

"Yippee!"


********************************************************************

Morai was doing push ups in his cell. Sitting around for so long in the
enclosed quarters was really starting to get to him. He was wondering about
what was going to happen. (That crazy woman, I don't even think she is GP.
But why else would she attack? Why didn't she kill me? Why didn't she
leave me at the space port at the GP station?) Numerous other questions
and doubts filled his head, but the exercise helped clear his mind and
relieve his restlessness. He heard someone coming, and quickly got up to
sit on his bunk. Through the force field door he saw a woman with a tray
of food with a little girl in tow. (At least it isn't HER!) he thought.
Morai started to think about how he could get past them, but in light of
recent events, acting too quickly now might cost him dearly, so he decided
to bide his time, gather information, make a plan, then act. With the little
girl keeping a distance, the woman brought down the force field that was the
door. She actually seemed very relaxed and unafraid. And something about
her was......familiar? (Have I seen her somewhere before?) He decided to
try to talk to her. She handed him the tray of food, which distracted him
for a moment because it smelled so good, especialy after eating rations
for so long.

"So, what planet are we on?"

The woman looked at him for a moment before responding, "Nowhere you've ever
heard of."

"You aren't GP are you?"

This got a laugh out of her, "Definitely not!"

"So what's going to happen to me?"

"Don't know yet, but when we decide, you'll be the first to know."

With that, she left the cell, and Morai with even more questions.

Back in the lab, Aeka and Mihoshi were still asleep. Ryoko went
back to talk to Washuu, who was yawning over her holotop. "Any
answers yet Mom?"

"Well, I just looked through the GP manual and the law books. Since
this is protected territory, officers assigned out here have quite a
bit more flexibilty within the regulations. Since they are spread so
few and far between, they are granted pretty wide authority. It's a
bit of a stretch of the regulations, since according to the ships logs
the capture took place on the border, but I can fix the logs. After
all the legal mumbo jumbo, the bottom line is, Mihoshi can hold a
prisoner as long as she thinks necessary."

"So that keeps him from messing up her career. What about her mind?"

"Well, that is difficult to say. As I told you before, the mind is a
complex thing. You fool around in one area to fix one thing, and you
mess something else up. There were no blocks in her mind to begin
with, and she doesn't have the mechanisms to put them there either.
The more I look at it, she may have to live with it."

"But there must be something we can do?"

"Well, first off, I'll have her put in for some comp time. She was so
happy living here she hasn't taken any time off since she arrived. I
checked and she has six weeks coming to her. In that time, I should
be able to figure out a way to help her deal with this."

Ryoko nodded, and made her way up to the rafters to catch up on some
sleep.


*********************************************************************

Tenchi rolled over and looked out the window. From how bright it was
outside, he figured it was pretty late in the morning. He didn't feel
to bad, those few shots of rum didn't hit him to hard. Tia was in the
kitchen cooking, humming a merry tune.

"Good morning Tia, what's for breakfast?"

She smiled at him and said, "You mean lunch Tenchi!"

Raoul and Maria kept him out really late the night before. They stopped
at an all night diner after the party for a *very* early breakfast. He
looked up and Ernesto came through the door, "Looks like you have a care
package here Tenchi!" Tenchi thanked him and opened the box. Wrapped
up inside very carefully were some rice cakes and other treats. From
the date on the package, it must have been sent the day he left. There
was only a small note from Sasami inside:

Hi Tenchi!

I hope you are having fun! I made these for you after you left. I wish
I could have gone with you to see more of Earth. You have to write and
tell us all about the places you visit. See you later!

Sasami


There is no feeling that compares to what it's like when you get a package
from home. Tenchi smiled, feeling just a little homesick, and thought of
his family. He decided he'd spend some time after lunch writing a few
letters.

"So Tenchi, I heard you had a little disagreement last night?" Ernesto
asked over lunch.

Tenchi laughed nervously, putting his hand on the back of his head.
"Oh, it was no disagreement. Just this guy bothering a lady." Tenchi
felt like he was about to be scolded.

"Raoul told me all about it, you did the right thing. Many of your age
and abilty would have been tempted to do great harm to someone mistreating
such a pretty young lady. I'm pleased to see that someone of your age can
act with such great restraint."

Memories of Ryoko's antics quickly flashed through Tenchi's head.

"I've had lots of practice." Tenchi smirked.

After lunch, Tenchi excused himself and went up to his room to do some writing.
Writing to these unusual girls in his particular situation presented quite a
challenge. Especially since he wasn't all that confident in his letter writing
abilities. (Well, I promised, may as well get to it.)


Dear Sasami,

Thank you for the tasty snacks. This is my first week away, and I've been
in a suburb of San Franciso. I've been busy training, so I haven't been around
to see much other than the dojo and some friends houses. Back home just about
everyone is Japanese, but here, there are more nationalities than I can count.
The training has been tough so far, but I'm learning new techniques. I've made
some new friends (and maybe even a new enemy!) My host, Ernesto, is a very nice
man with a wonderful family. I went to a party last night and learned how to
dance. I hope all is well back home. Take care of everyone for me!


(Well, that was one of the easy ones.)


Dear Aeka,

Well, it's been a pretty long week for me. The master I am training with, Ernesto,
is well versed in many of Earths advanced fighting techniques. He has been keeping
me very busy. I haven't done much other than train, eat, and rest. Some summer
vacation, huh? But honestly, it has been alot of fun. I hope everyone is getting
along back home. Tomorrow I'm going to leave here to meet the next master. All
this secrecy in my travel arrangements turned out to be a way to keep anyone from
finding out where grandpa lives. It seems he is a legend in Earths sword fighting
community, and he would be swamped with aspiring students if anyone knew where he
was! I'll write back next week, good bye until then!

(That wasn't so easy. Wish I had more to write about.)

Dear Mihoshi,

I'm having fun out here, learning alot. I hope you are feeling better after what
happened in Washuu's lab. I was really worried about you. I was glad to see you
and Ryoko getting along so well. Take care of each other for me while I am gone,
okay? You would have been proud of me yesterday! I protected someone from a mean
guy who wanted to boss her around. I think he is in trouble with the police now.
Stay safe when you are out on patrol. See you later!

(Okay, that's it for the easy ones, now for the tough one.)

My dearest Ryoko,

Never does a moment go by, without you on my mind. I was blind Ryoko. How could
I have not seen my love for you? Maybe because I was blinded by its brightness?
This past week without you has been the longest of my life, or so it seems, by
not having you near me. In missing you, I feel my only comfort is how much more
wonderful it will be when we are together at last. I Love you, and I wish I could
see you when I tell you again. I want to look into your lovely golden eyes and
see you smile. I miss having your arms around me. I want to hear your sweet
voice in my ear as I hold you close. That is all I look forward to now. Until
then,

Love,
Tenchi


He read over his letter to Ryoko again, wondering if he went a bit overboard.
(Well, it will just have to do!) He sealed the letters in four separate
envelopes, which he placed in one larger envelope. Ernesto promised him he
would send it out as priority mail first thing Monday morning. He spent
the rest of the day and evening relaxing, chatting with Ernesto and his family.
He had a long day ahead of him, so decided to go to bed a little early. Saying
goodnight to everyone, he then excused himself to his room. Sleep didn't come
all that easy, because of Ryoko on his mind and his anticipation of the journey
ahead of him tomorrow. Eventually he drifted off, and had a pleasant dream of
going on a vacation with Ryoko out among the stars.

**************************************************************************

Aeka woke up with headache and a terrible taste in her mouth. (uh! What did she
do last night, try to poison me?) Slowly opening her eyes fearing she would be
blinded by the seemingly harsh lights, she found herself in Washuu's domain. The
little scientist was passed out, half of her resting on her floating cushion, the
other half lying at the other end of the couch. She saw Mihoshi resting on a
bed nearby. Wondering what was wrong, she searched her memory of the night before.
(Something bad happened to Mihoshi, but what? She said something about a battle
with a pirate fleet, and..... what? I can't remember.) She left the lab and went
into the living room. She heard snores from overhead. She wanted to grill Ryoko
for answers, but didn't feel like dealing with the foul mood she would be in if her
sleep was disturbed. Sasami was in the kitchen, making lunch. She turned when she
heard her sister come in. Her eyes got real big, "Wow, Aeka! That outfit you are
wearing is beautiful! Did you go out in that last night?" Aeka thought back to the
nightclub experience, "Yes Sasami, we had a very good time....for the most part."

"I'm so happy you and Ryoko are getting along Aeka. I hope you can keep doing so
after Tenchi comes back."

Aeka smiled sadly, "We will see, I suppose."

Then Sasami remembered something, "Hey, Aeka! Did you know we had a space pirate here?"

Aeka frowned, "Well, of course we do Sasami. Ryoko's always here....unforturately."

Sasami looked at her warningly, "No Aeka! Mihoshi captured a REAL space pirate on
her last patrol! Wanna go see him? I have to bring him lunch."

"I don't want you going near any strangers Sasami," Aeka scolded, "Especially not
criminal strangers!"

"It's okay Aeka, really! Ryoko went with me last time. It'll be okay."
Then the little princess looked up at the rafters, "Well, if you don't go with me,
I'll have to find somebody else."

Aeka then decided reluctantly to go. Although she was getting along better with
Ryoko, she didn't want her little sister running to Ryoko when Aeka wouldn't do
something with her.

****************************************************************************

Morai considered what little items he had in is cell. The bed was a simple
lightweight affair with no useful parts to remove. His breakfast tray was
made of light plastic. Giving up hope on making a weapon, he turned his bed
on its end so he could do pull ups. If he couldn't make a weapon, he could
at least stay in shape so he could use his bare hands if needed. After working
out and relaxing, he saw someone coming again. It was a different woman this
time, but with the same little girl along. The woman took the tray and stood
before the barrier. She seemed tense, not all relaxed and nonchalant like the
last one. He decided better than trying anything at the present time. He
needed more information than he had. Unlike his brother, Kai, Morai was much
more cautious, and crafty. When the time came, he would get out of here, and
do it right. The force field door of the cell opened. With the little girl
watching, Aeka stepped inside and handed him the tray. (They are so damn relaxed
these girls. What am I missing here?)

"So, what's your name?"

Aeka didn't even answer. She just turned her nose into the air, "Humpf!"
and walked out, sealing the doorway. (Little snob huh?) Another bit of
knowledge. Piece by piece, he would find out what was going on, and have
his revenge.


Chapter 10

Mihoshi sat up wearily from her bed. Looking around, she spotted Washuu laying
on her cushion and the couch, sound asleep. Quietly, she got up and made her
way out of the lab. She went into the living room and heard sounds coming from
the kitchen. Sasami was cleaning up from lunch "Hello Sasami."

"Hi Mihoshi, are you okay?"

"I'm just a little tired, that's all. Have you seen Ryoko around?"

"Yes, she went with Aeka to the baths. Say, would you like to go with me to feed
the pirate after dinner? Ryoko and Aeka went with me the last two times."

Mihoshi reluctantly agreed, not wanting to disappoint her little friend.

She decided to join her friends in the bath.

*****************************************************************************

"C'mon Aeka, you said there's no harm in being friends with those guys!"

"well, I'm allowed to change my mind, aren't I? Besides, you got me drunk
to get me to agree to that, so it doesn't count."

"Chickening out Princess?"

"No, it's just......I don't think Tenchi would appreciate me spending time
with another man!"

"Just as friends Aeka! I didn't say you had to make out with him or anything!"

"You don't understand, it wouldn't be appropriate."

Ryoko tried a different approach, "Oh well, I guess I'll just have the two
of them all to myself."

"Of course, dear Ryoko! Have as many men as possible! I'm sure you prefer
it that way."

Ryoko ignored the barb, "Thanks Aeka! I think I liked Joey better anyway.
Imagine how jealous Tenchi will be."

"What?"

"Nevermind princess, you wouldn't understand."

"Oh, so that's your plan! It will never work you know. In fact, Tenchi will
probably be happy to see your attention diverted elsewhere."

Mihoshi showed up just then, not bubbling over with her usual enthusiasm, "Hi
Ryoko, hi Aeka. How are you doing."

The two women looked at her, their current topic of discussion forgotten for
the moment. Ryoko magically produced a bottle of sake and some cups. "Hey
Mihoshi, let's have a drink!" She poured two cups and after looking at Aeka
questioningly, and recieving a nod from the princess, poured a third.

After a couple of rounds, Ryoko brought up matters of more importance.

"Mihoshi, Washuu says you should put in for some time off so we can figure
out how to deal with things."

"Yes, Mihoshi dear. You work so hard, at your job as well as helping around
here. You deserve a vacation anyway," Aeka added.

"Well, I do have alot of vacation time saved up. How long should I take off?"

"All of it, " was Ryoko's instant response.

"Are you sure? What about my prisoner?"

"Don't you worry about him. Me and Washuu will take care of this whole mess
for you. We just want you to relax for a while okay?"

"Alright."

"Besides, I already have plans for you."

"Really?"

"Yeah, we met these guys last night, I think one of them is your type. What
do you say? Want to go out next weekend?"

"Well, first I have to make sure I can get the time off....."

"Okay, but make sure you call soon. Now Princess, back to what I was saying
earlier. You sure you don't want to come along?"

Aeka had mulled the matter over in her head, and decided that if Mihoshi
went with them, three girls with two guys wouldn't seem as inappropriate.
Not to mention the fact that she did actually enjoy talking to Joey.

"Oh alright. I suppose so."

"Try not to sound so enthusiastic," Ryoko smirked.

The pricess made sense to Ryoko of course. She didn't want to make Tenchi
jealous at all, she just wanted Aeka to get to know Joey a little better.
With Mihoshi along, Ryoko would be the fifth wheel that Aeka professed to
want to be. She wanted to talk to Washuu about it, but she already had
her hands full with Mihoshi's problem.

The three women relaxed in silence for a while. Ryoko getting what pleasure
out of life she could from the hot bath and sake.

************************************************************************

Sasami was about to start on dinner when Ryoko showed up. "Hey Ryoko!"

"Ready to start on dinner kiddo?" she smiled.

"Yes, but first, can you tell me what's going on? I'm dying to know
about Mihoshi and the pirate!"

Ryoko didn't know what she should tell her. So far only her, Washuu, Tenchi
and Mihoshi knew about the incident in the lab. She would have to tell
everyone eventually, but it would be better if she told Aeka about it first.
"Well it's a long story. I'd rather Mihoshi tell you because she was there."

Disappointed, Sasami said okay as they began preparing dinner.

After eating she put another tray of food together and went with Mihoshi out
to her ship.


************************************************************************


Morai had fallen asleep. Between the stress, thinking and exercise, he
had pushed himself to exhaustion. Mihoshi saw the lights had dimmed in
the cell. This was an automatic response to the prisoners brain waves,
indicating he was asleep. This served to reduce the workload of the GP
in charge and to make sure a prisoner wasn't faking sleep. Mihoshi
deactivated the force field door, and the lights came up as the pirate
quickly sat upright. All his years in criminal activity had conditioned
him to be a light sleeper. He saw who was here this time, and jumped up
standing with his back against the far end of the cell from the door.
SHE brought him the food this time. Calming himself for a moment, he
realized that maybe he wasn't doomed. He took a long appraising look at
Mihoshi for the first time since his capture. (She's afraid? Maybe even
more than me.) This confused him further. She carefully set the tray
down, and gathered up the remains of the past meal. She backed out of
the cell cautiously, and reactivated the door. The little girl stared
at him for a moment in wonder, then they both left.

*************************************************************************

Yosho and Ryoko were sparring. He told her not to hold back. In fighting
her over 700 years ago, he had to deflect and redirect her strikes, because
she was just too powerful for him to absorb a direct impact from her blade.
This time it was different, because she could rely on technique as well as
brute force. For the third time this session, the result was the same.
The sound of a loud crack rolled down the mountainside, and splinters
filled the air. Katsuhito Masaki sighed, and tossed what was left of
his bokken on the woodpile, to join the remains of three others.
Ryoko just stood there nervously, thinking he would be mad at her for
destroying the last of his wooden practice swords. "I supposed we can
move on from sparring to kata now." Ryoko relaxed and smiled at him
sheepishly, as he went to retrieve two katanas. (It won't be long until
I've run out of sword kata to teach her) he thought. After teaching her
two more, they took a seat next to each other on the shrine steps.

"So Ryoko, what is this news I've heard of a new guest in our home."

"Well, he's not in the house really. He's a prisoner of Mihoshi's."

Ryoko hadn't considered what Yosho would think of the current situation,
and realized that he might actually be able to come up with an idea or
two about how to deal with it.

"So why did she bring him here, and not to the GP station?"

"Well, maybe you should talk to Mom about that. It's a long story,
but she is trying to take care of a little problem of Mihhoshi's."

"Hmm, I suppose I will. I have a problem of my own I'd like to discuss
with her. Would you accompany me to the house."

"Um...sure."

Back down at the house, Yosho went down to see Washuu while Ryoko went
to find Aeka.

Washuu was lookng over some things on her computer screen, when Yosho
entered the lab.

"So, need some new training swords, Lord Yosho?"

He raised an eyebrow, then remembered the mental link the little redhead
had with her daughter. "Yes, as a matter of fact. But I would like to
discuss with you some recent events."

"You mean Mihoshi and her prisoner of course. Well, it all started with
an idea of mine to help people understand my poor little Ryoko........."

Aeka was watching TV when Ryoko joined her on the couch. She sat quietly
until the show was over. "Aeka, if you have time, there's something I
need to talk to you about. It's Mihoshi."

"Well, I've been meaning to ask you about that all day, but you kept on
changing the subject. What exactly is wrong with her?"

Ryoko related the story of the VR glasses and Mihoshi's little lab
accident.

"So you see, that's why she went ballistic in that battle. I don't want
to see Mihoshi getting locked up for police brutality. I also wanted
you to know because I wasn't sure how to explain all this to Sasami."

"I see. Now I understand why you two got so close all of a sudden. All
she said last night makes sense to me now. What can we do about this?"

"Well, Mom says Mihoshi needs to rest, and to avoid stress while she works
on the problem."

"And you, what about your problems?"

"My problems?"

"Yes, all those mental blocks you have, the ones from Kagato."

"I'd rather not talk about it, Aeka. It....hurts to talk about."

With that she phased away. Aeka looked at where she had been for
a while, thinking of Ryoko's revelations about herself.


Washuu had just finished filling Yosho in on the details.

"So, if I understand this correctly, Mihoshi and Ryoko have shared
a piece of Ryoko's life, and now Ryoko is a small part of her?"

"Well, you could say that."

"Hmm. I will give this matter some thought. Let me know if you find
out anything else."

"Oh, and I'll make up a little something to help with your training
problem."

"Thank you Miss Washuu."

She decided to let the 'Miss Washuu' bit slide for now.

********************************************************************

Tenchi opened his eyes and looked over at the clock. (Well, gotta get up in
a few minutes.) He sighed, thinking about his week at the Fernandez house.
They seemed like such a happy family. He thought of his mother, wondering
what his home would be like if she was still around. He thought about his
future, wondering what his future family would be like, his children. He
pictured Ryoko, on the day he saw her wearing his mothers kimono, before
she ripped it, then he winced, remembering what he said to her. (I never
even said I was sorry for telling her I hated her. Why am I thinking of
this now?) He rolled over and reached into his bag, pulling out his phone.

*******************************************************************

Aeka looked up at the sound of the phone ringing. She jumped up quickly
from the couch and ran to the phone, almost knocking it to the floor in
her haste to answer it.

"Masaki residence!"

"Hello Aeka. I'm just calling to check on things. How is everything
going?"

"Oh Tenchi! I miss you so! Well, things have been pretty quiet here up
until last night."

"A big fight?"

"No, nothing like that at all. In fact Ryoko and I have been getting along
quite well. But tell me something Tenchi. What do you know about Mihoshi's
lab accident? Ryoko told me what happened."

"Ah, well....I didn't want to worry Sasami, but I do know about it."

"Apparently, it caused her to have a problem on the job. Washuu is trying to
fix things, so don't worry about it too much, Mihoshi seems fine."

"Well, alright then. Is Mihoshi around? I'd like to talk to her about it."

Aeka reluctantly set down the phone and went to look for the blonde.

After searching the house with no luck, she went outside and called for her.

"MIHOSHI!"

"Up here Aeka!"

Turning, Aeka looked up on the roof to see Mihoshi and Ryoko sitting together.
"Tenchi's on the phone and wants to speak to you."

The two disappeared suddenly from view.

The two reappeared next to the phone, thanks to Ryoko's teleportation talent.
Mihoshi picked up the phone first. "Hello Tenchi!"

"Hi Mihoshi. I'm sorry to hear about your problems. How to you feel?"

"Alright I guess. Thank you for asking, but don't worry about it Tenchi, I
have lots of friends here to help! Why don't you talk to Ryoko for a while?
See you later!"

Mihoshi handed the phone to Ryoko, winked, and went to head Aeka off. She 
caught her just as she was walking in the door. "Aeka, would you take a
walk with me please?" The princess reluctantly agreed.

"Hello my Tenchi!"

"Hello Ryoko, I've been thinking about you."

"Really!"

"I can't help it. I'm so used to having you around that now that I'm away,
I really miss you."

"I miss you too Tenchi. Are you having fun?"

"Well, it would be more fun if you were here. I had a dream last night about
us."

Ryoko was just floating on air, literally, hearing Tenchi speak to her like
this. "So was I any good in this dream?"

She could almost hear Tenchi blush over the phone.

"No, it wasn't like that. We went on a vacation together."

"Where did we go?"

"Out into space! You took me to all these exotic worlds."

"We could do that someday. Do you want to?"

"I would like that very much. So, you and Aeka are getting along?"

"Mostly Tenchi. I took her out last night to a club. I'm trying
to fix her up with this guy we met."

Tenchi didn't like the idea of Ryoko meeting a guy. "Well, she doesn't
know about us yet, does she?"

Ryoko decided to be playful, "What do you mean Tenchi?"

"Well, you know, us!"

In a very sexy whisper, "Us what, my Tenchi?"

He knew then what she wanted to hear, "Our love, Ryoko. Me and you. Us,
I love you."

"Say it again my Tenchi."

"I love you, my Ryoko."

"Honestly Tenchi, I don't know if I can wait the rest of the summer to
see you."

"Ryoko?"

"I need to see you Tenchi. I need you very badly."

Tenchi thought about this for a moment, remembering what he had written
to her, and how he felt. "Maybe you won't have to wait."

Ryoko couldn't believe it, "Really!"

"Really. But I don't know when okay? I'll think of something.
And you have to keep it a secret, okay? I don't want grandpa
finding out"

Ryoko could barely contain her excitement. Her gems even began
glowing fiercely. "I love you Tenchi."

"I love you too. Now, Aeka doen't know yet right?"

Her excitement died down. "No Tenchi, she doesn't. That's why I'm
trying to get her to meet other guys, so she has someone to go to
when she finds out."

"That's very thoughtful of you. You think it will work?"

"I don't know, but she had fun last night. Maybe."

"Alright. Well, I have to get ready to travel. I don't know
where I'm going yet, but I'll call you again soon to let you
know where."

"Yes, my Tenchi."

"Good bye Ryoko, I love you."

"I love you too."

She was very excited, just bursting at the seams with enthusiasm.
Ryoko danced through the house twirling and leaping over furniture
and singing. Sasami saw her and shook her head, wondering what
had made her friend so happy.


******************************************************************

Tenchi had his bags all packed and was sitting in the living room waiting
for his ride. Tia had cooked a hearty breakfast for everyone, and now
all were relaxing and enjoying each others company.

"So Tenchi, one down, nine to go, huh?" Raoul said.

Tenchi just nodded, fully realizing how much he had enjoyed himself at their
place, and that he would miss it. "I'd like to come back and visit sometime."

Ernesto smiled, "We'd be happy to have you back anytime."

They heard a car pull up to the front, and two short blasts from the horn.

"I guess that's for me."

Maria and Tia each gave him a big hug, and he shook hands with the men.
Only Raoul walked him out to the car. A limousine awaited him, but what a
limo! It was the stretched version of a Lincoln Navigator. Raoul didn't
seem too suprised. He looked at Tenchi and laughed, "You are really going
to love it where you are headed next. Old Larry's gonna take real good
care of you."

"You know who I'm training with next?"

"Oh yeah! He was one of Papa's students for a while. Does the expression
'fatted calf' mean anything to you?"

Tenchi shook his head no, not being familiar with that expression.

"You'll see. Take care my man!"

Raoul opened the door for him, and patted him on the back as he went in,
closing the door behind him and knocking twice on the side of the large
vehicle to let the driver know he could go.

Tenchi's eyes slowly grew accustomed to the dark shaded interior. The
first thing to catch his eye were two beautiful Japanese women.

"Ohayoo Tenchi-Sama."

(Uh oh....)

Tenchi fell over forwards, as the limo started rolling, right into the arms
of the two.

"Aak!" He quickly extracted himself from them, apologizing profusely, and
crawled over to a seat.

Noticing his shyness, the two shared a knowing smile with each other before
turning back to him. "Please relax Tenchi. We are here to ensure your comfort
for the long journey today. I am Emi."

"And I am Rie."

"If there is anything we can do to make you more comfortable,"

"Anything at all,"

"Do not hesitate to ask."

Tenchi couldn't have been more uncomfortable.

"Um......I'm fine. I'll just relax in this seat here for a while."

Emi giggled and Rie sat there smiling, trying to catch Tenchi's eye.
He sank down in his seat.

"Would you like a drink Tenchi?"

"No thank you."

"Perhaps a massage?"

"Uh....no thank you."

Rie really liked trying to get through to the shy ones, it was a
rare treat for her. She got up an sat next to Tenchi, who sank
even lower in his seat. "Are you sure, Tenchi? I'm really good
at massages."

At that moment, memories of a time when he still feared Ryoko
flashed through his mind. Then he considered the two girls
here and now, (Why should I be afraid?) Suddenly he had an
idea. "So, anything to make me comfortable you say?"

Both girls smiled and nodded.

"Anything at all?" Tenchi smiled.

Two two nodded yes more vigorously.

Then Tenchi's voice and face turned stern, "Then I ask you to leave
me alone."

Looking disappointed, Rie got up and Emi joined her at the far end
of the limo from Tenchi. Forty-five minutes of silence later, the
vehicle came to a stop. Someone opened the door, and squinting in
the sudden brightness, Tenchi looked out at a red carpet leading up
to a small jet airplane. Rie and Emi stepped out, beckoning him to
follow them. Tenchi didn't believe that they were seriously going
to ride on the jet until a man carried his luggage onto the plane.
Then he shrugged his shoulders and followed the girls on board.
The man who carried his bags then briefed him on the flight and the
use of seat belts. Soon they were airborne, heading east. During
the flight, the two girls sat quietly, looking a little unhappy.
Tenchi felt a twinge of guilt. "I'm sorry if I was a little harsh
earlier." Rie looked up at him, "Don't you like us?"

"It's not that at all....."

"Emi looked up hopefully, "Then you do like us!"

Tenchi looked down and sighed, then looked up again at the two girls.
He pulled out the picture of his family and handed it to them, "See
the one next to me with the light hair?"

They looked at the photo for a moment before nodding.

"She's the only one for me. Got it?"

"Yes Tenchi." said Emi.

"We're sorry to have troubled you." apologized Rie.

"It's alright. Now, could I have some tea please?"

Emi got up and made some tea, and brought a tray of snacks as well.

Now that he felt more comfortable, he needed to satisfy his curiousity.

"So, can you tell me where we are going?"

"Yes Tenchi, we are going to New York."

"The city?"

"No, in the countryside."

"How long have you worked for," he remembered the name, then struggled
with the 'L' sound, "Rarry?"

"We are only here for this week, he brought us all the way from Japan
to see to your needs." Emi finished with a giggle.

Tenchi blushed for a moment before continuing, "So, have you been to
his place yet?"

"We were there yesterday before flying out to get you last night." Rei
answered.

"What's it like?"

"You will soon see Tenchi. Mere words do not do it justice."

Tenchi was curious about the airplane, and decided to bother the pilots
for a while. "So, how can you tell where we are?"

"Well, it's really easy nowadays, see this screen here? It's called a
moving map. The little airplane symbol represents us, and this line is
our course. The autopilot follows it for us." Tenchi thought it looked
easy enough. "So, how did you do this before?"

"Well, there are radio stations that we can track as a backup to the GPS.
Look here....." The copilot unfolded a chart and explained to Tenchi
how radio navigation worked. Understanding it somewhat, he then asked,
"So how did they find their way around before that."

The copilot sighed, and pulled out a battered old chart. "Most people
aren't interested in this stuff anymore, but you still have to learn it
to get your first license. See here?" He indicated a small magenta
circle on the map, "This is the airport we are flying to. Now these
blue areas here and here are lakes and rivers. These yellow areas...."
As he described the chart further, Tenchi memorized the features around
the airport indicated as their destination. Tenchi interupted for a
moment, "How far from the airport is,"struggling again with 'L',"Rarry's
house?"

The pilot laughed, "Oh, it's right here....he has his own private runway!"

(Well, I might pull this off after all.) "Could I borrow this chart? I
find this very interesting."

"Sure, be my guest. I've memorized most of the important information on
there already, and I know the land features like the back of my hand."

Tenchi thanked him, and returned to his seat. "So, what is there to eat
for lunch?"

Rei actually handed Tenchi a menu. He didn't think that a plane this small
would have the capacity for such luxuries. Selecting what looked like an
American meal, he sat back and watched as Rei took something similar to a
TV dinner out of a freezer and put it into a microwave (Well, what did I
expect, a kitchen up here?)

A couple hours later, the pilot announced that they would be arriving in
twenty minutes. Tenchi spent the rest of the flight looking out the windows,
trying to identify features on the ground using the air chart. He noticed
a lake similar in shape to one on the chart, then quickly began to pick out
other landmarks as well. As they drew near the destination, the pilot
instructed him to sit and secure his seat belt. They circled the field to
the west and touched down near the beginning of the runway. They hit the
brakes pretty hard because the runway wasn't very long. The jet pulled up
in front of a hangar before shutting down the engines.

*******************************************************************

Lawrence Arthur Hamilton III watched as his private jet touched down on the
runway. (He's here, finally. I've waited so long for this chance to meet
the legend, and this young man may be the key.) Lawrence (or Larry) was one
of those fortunate enough to be born into a wealthy family. From an early
age, he had been fascinated by the Martial Arts. His parents liked to
spoil their little boy, so they flew in masters from all over the world to
teach him. He started early with empty hand styles, then progressed to the
bo, sai, and other classic weapons. Mastering the integrated fighting
system of Okinawan Karate Kubudo, a mix of empty hand and weapons, at age
fourteen, he then discovered his true passion. Those close to him thought
it more of an obsession - the sword. He nearly dropped out of Harvard
when his father couldn't persuade a certain sword master to come out and
train him. Larry's father asked a favor of Ernesto Fernandez, who then
told Larry that he would only consent to train him if he graduated first.
Larry thanked him for convincing him to finish school years later by loaning
Ernesto the money to start his own business. While training with Ernesto,
he had been invited to go along with him to the secret annual tournament
that determines the top sword fighters in the world. At the last one,
he had finally beaten Ernesto, earning the number nine position. While
being pushed to his limits by the number eight man, he realized he needed
an edge. To train with the legend, Katsuhito Masaki. Katsuhito had only
ever competed in two of the tournaments, many years ago. The stories told
of those fights were the stuff of legends. He had tape recorded interviews
with all those who'd seen and were willing to talk about it (some thought
that discussing The Tournament was improper.) It was rumored that he would
send out his heir one day to train with the champions of The Tournament,
but too many years went by. Then one day the word went out, and Larry got
his notice. He decided that he would do what was necessary to convince the
heir of Katsuhito Masaki to arrange an introduction.

*******************************************************************

Tenchi yawned and stretched, looking forward to exiting the jet. After
the copiot opened the door, he stepped out with the two girls and was
met by middle aged man in a suit. "Good afternoon Tenchi. My name is
Alan Higgins. I work for Mister Hamilton. Come this way please?"

Alan led Tenchi and the girls to a jeep. After the copilot deposited
his luggage in the back, Alan drove off towards the residential portion
of the estate.

Crossing a hilltop, several words went through Tenchi's mind when he
first saw it. Palatial, Majestic, Grandiose. Tenchi thought of
how much effort must go into just keeping the house clean, and winced.
Then he thought of something else and smiled, (This place would be
really easy to spot from the air.)

Larry was waiting for him near the main entrance to the house. Guests
normally would have been ushered to a reception room in the house, where
he would keep them waiting until he was ready to see them, but not this
guest.

As the jeep pulled up to the mansion, Tenchi saw a man standing outside.
he stood about six feet tall, with dirty blonde hair and blue eyes. He
wore a loose fitting short sleeve shirt, and from the look of his
exposed arms it was obvious he was pretty strong. Tenchi immediately
learned that he also spoke perfect Japanese.

"Welcome, Tenchi. Lawrence Arthur Hamilton III, but please, you can call
me Larry, or Art. Whichever you are more comfortable with."

Larry (Art) had bowed, which Tenchi returned. Then Tenchi offered his
hand, trying to get used to the western custom of the handshake. Art
took his hand in a grip made powerful from the years of sword practice,
and used for intimidating people in business meetings. Tenchi's grip
was no less powerful, being somewhat naive to the practice of the
handshake, he returned the grip equally. Art (Larry) seemed to take it
as a challenge, but decided that being confrontational was not the best
way to arrange a meeting with this boys grandfather. They released
simultaneously, suprising Art. "Thank you, Art. This is a nice place
you have here."

"Thank you, I trust your trip was 'pleasant'?" Art asked, smiling at
the two girls.

"Yes, thank you. I'm not accustomed to such luxury."

Art smiled, "Well, I'm just going to spoil you this week then. C'mon
in."

Alan departed in the jeep as the four entered the house.



**********************************************************************

Chapter 11


There's a story in my eyes
Turn the pages of desire
Now it's time to trade those dreams
For the rush of passion's fire
I can feel you tremble when we touch
And I feel the hand of fate
Reaching out to both of us
I've been holding back the night
I've been searching for a clue from you
I'm gonna try with all my might
To make this story line come true
Can ya feel me tremble when we touch
Can ya feel the hand of fate
Reaching out to both of us
This love affair can't wait

I can't hold back, I'm on the edge
(I can't hold back) 
Your voice explodes inside my head
I can't hold back, I won't back down
Girl it's too late to turn back now

Another shooting star goes by
And in the night the silence speaks to you and I
And now the time has come at last
Don't let the moment run too fast
I can feel you tremble when we touch
And I feel the hand of fate reaching out to both of us
There's a story in my eyes, turn the pages of desire
Now it's time to trade those dreams
For the rush of passion's fire

I can't hold back, I'm on the edge
(I can't hold back) 
You voice explodes inside my head
I can't hold back, I won't back down
Girl it's too late to turn back now (I Can't Hold Back - Survivor)








Tenchi looked around in awe as he was led through the spacious mansion. Art
saw this and smiled. "Like what you see Tenchi?"

"Uh....it's pretty big."

"You could say that. After such a long trip I'm sure you'd like to have a
bath and relax before dinner. I set you up in a room with a private bath.
The girls will take you there. I will see you at dinner."

With that, he walked off down a different corridor. The girls led him down
a hall to an elevator. Once upstairs they took a long walk down the hall to
his room. They pushed wide open the double doors and walked in. Just inside
was a water fountain about six foot in diameter. The soft soothing sound of
the water splashing and flowing echoed off the marble floor. The walls were
finished in polished wood, sporting the occasional tapestry. Large french
doors led out to a huge balcony, and against one wall was an enourmous bed.
There was a large desk against another wall with a large computer monitor.
A state of the art entertainment system was against another wall. Tenchi
dropped his bag off by what looked like a priceless antique dresser. "So
where are the baths?" He asked the girls. They went to a smooth section of
wall and pressed inward. The wall swung away an a bit of steam wafted out.
Tenchi walked into the baths and looked around. The bath itself was about
twenty by forty feet, with steps leading into the water. Rei and Emi stood
by expectantly. He looked over at them and they asked, "Are you sure you
wouldn't like us to join you?" Tenchi smiled at their persistence, but told
them no thank you. Soon, he was alone and relaxing in the water. He started
dozing off, but shook himself awake deciding he had relaxed enough. Dressed
and back in his room alone, he wondered what to do next. He walked out onto
the balcony and looked out over the scenery. The estate was situated in the
middle of a sparsely populated and heavily wooded area. Where he stood he
could see out to the airfield. He was pretty confident he could describe the
approach to the area well enough for Ryoko to find it. Before he did, he had
to ask Art if it was okay. Not giving much thought to anything but seeing her,
he spun on his heel and walked back into the room, where the two girls were
waiting for him. They led him back to the elevator and down to a dining room
where Art met them. Set out on several long tables were many different dishes,
set out buffet style. "I wasn't sure what you like to eat, so I gave you a
variety." The amount of food was staggering. All this for the four of them?
Then Emi and Rei left. All this for two? "Um...Art, what do you do with all
this when we are finished?" Art raised his eyebrows at the question. Then
realized why he was asking, "Don't worry, it won't go to waste. My staff will
finish what is left over. I have quite a few people working here for me."
Tenchi seemed satisfied and dug in. After eating enough to take the edge of
his hunger, they began speaking between mouthfuls. "So Tenchi, how do you like
Rei and Emi? Nice huh?" Tenchi turned a slight shade of red, "Um....Art, you
really shouldn't have. I feel bad, with you flying them in from Japan for
nothing."

"Nothing? You mean you don't like them?"

"Well, it's not that...." Tenchi felt ashamed for refusing such 'hospitality.'

"Would you have prefered some European women, blondes perhaps?"

"No, really. It's just that......"

"You don't like women?" Art asked cautiously.

"NO! I mean yes I like women! It's just that I have a girlfriend."

"And you are loyal to her. I see. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to offend. I
assumed, incorrectly, that you would like some female companionship during
your stay here. I know I would have in your situation."

"Well, there is one favor I'd like to ask."

"Name it."

"Would it be alright if my girlfriend came to stay here fo a bit."

(Ah, young love.)"Of course! Would you like me to send my jet to pick her up?"

Tenchi hadn't considered this option, but when he thought about it, by the time
the jet got all the way to Japan and back would be quite some time.

"No that's okay, she has her own ride."

Questions came to Arts mind about this, but before he could voice them, Tenchi
changed the subject. "So Art, what is our training schedule like?"

"Oh, well, we will be training in the evening. My business dealings require
a great deal of my time, and unfortunately, I have a big project going on this
week. I want to try to start around 6:30 every evening, but some days it may
be later. I want you to enjoy your stay here. Alan will take care of you
during the day. There is plenty to do here, so you shouldn't get bored. Just
don't tire yourself out before 6:30."

For a while Tenchi asked him about his business, but much of it involved options
and futures trading, which seemed incomprehensible to him. The international
trading he was involved in was easier to understand, as well as the managing of
several of his manufacturing companies. Tenchi found himself yawning.

"Excuse me Art, it's been a long day. I think I'll turn in for the night."

"Alright. Do you remember the way?"

"Um.. not exactly."

Rei and Emi appeared from the doorway. "They'll take you. Have a good night."

Tenchi bowed and followed the girls, paying more attention now to his surroundings
so he could find his way back on his own.

Art sat alone at the table, considering what he had learned about his guest during
the meal. He wouldn't be easy to persuade. To get him to arrange the meeting, he
would have to try a different approach.



********************************************************************************

Ryoko stood up on her favorite rafter, yawning and stretching. Floating down to
the floor, she though about the way she had cut Aeka off last night. It was one
thing to talk to Washuu and Mihoshi about it, because they had both lived through
it with her. Aeka just wouldn't understand, besides the fact that she didn't
feel close enough to the princess to open up to her about those things. It would
be a long time before she was comfortable enough with her to talk about it, if ever.
Still, Aeka had seemed genuinely concerned, and she felt bad just leaving on her
when she asked. She was shook out of her reverie when the phone rang.

"Tenchi?"

"How did you know it was me?"

"Just hopeful I guess. You at the next place?"

"Yep, I'm in New York, near the east coast of America."

"So can I come over?"

Tenchi smiled, finally being able to tell her yes to something she wanted to do.

"Are you sure you want to travel all this way?" Tenchi joked.

"TENCHIIIIIIIII!"

"Yes, Ryoko. But I have to tell you how to get here, and when......"

Tenchi told her of the surrounding area, the position in relation to surrounding
landmarks, and distances to major cities, rivers, and coastlines. He described
the different types of lighting systems on the airfield and the basic layout of
the estate. "You think you can spot it?"

"Well, there is one thing you could do to make it easier."

"What's that?"

"When I'm about to arrive, could you stand out in the open somewhere and hold up
your sword?"

"Okay, so tomorrow night then?"

Ryoko wanted to go there right now, but remembered Washuu's offer.

"Yep, 10 o'clock your time?"

"Sounds good! I think you'll really like it here."

"I'll like anywhere as long as I can be with you."

Tenchi blushed. He had mixed feelings about this upcoming visit, but he had kept
her waiting too long already, and he really did miss her.

"I love you. See you tomorrow night."

"Love you too my Tenchi, get lots of sleep tonight."

CLICK

Ryoko heard Sasami busy in the kitchen. Nobody else was up yet. She phased over to
help make breakfast.

"Good Morning Ryoko!"

"Hi Sasami! What are we making this morning?"

Sasami started describing the procedures for making the morning meal. As she named
different ingredients Ryoko quickly obtained them and the necessary pots, pans, and
utensils. Ryoko had learned enough that she was doing half of the work now. She
hummed a merry tune as she chopped vegetables and stirred a pot.

"You sure are in a good mood today Ryoko, what's up?"

Ryoko realized that nobody had heard the phone call that morning, so much the better.

"Well, I'll let you in on a little sercet, if you promise not to tell anyone."

"I promise!"

Ryoko leaned over the little girl and whispered "I have no sense of taste."

Sasami looked up at her sadly, "I kind of guessed that, Ryoko. That's terrible.
But why are you in such a good mood?"

"Washuu said she would fix it for me!"

"Really! Wow! We'll have to think of something special to do when you get it back!"

"That sounds good to me!"

They finished making breakfast together and set out the table. Sasami went upstairs
to let everyone know while Ryoko went down to the lab to find Washuu.

"Mom!"

Washuu appeared out of nowhere on her floating cushion. "What's up."

"Breakfast is ready."

"Anything else?"

Ryoko wanted to ask, but was afraid that Washuu would realize the implications.

"Um, remember when you said you could restore my sense of taste and....other things?"

"And you said you wanted to experience them first with Tenchi around?"

Ryoko winced, then looked down at the floor.

"Don't worry, I won't tell."

Ryoko looked up and saw Washuu beaming at her. She grabbed her petite mother up
in a big hug. "You didn't really think you could keep a secret from me did you?"

"I guess not Mom, thanks!"

She put her down and Washu produced a needle out of nowhere. "Okay, after I give
you this injection, you should have all the physiological blocks removed from
your system within twelve hours." Ryoko began rolling up her sleeve.

"But I must warn you first. You have to accept the good with the bad."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, you'll get your sense of taste, but you will find out that some things
don't taste good to you. You will also get a burning sensation in your mouth
from really spicy foods."

"That's no big deal, I'll just have to watch what I eat."

"There's also the side affect of removing the block that prevents sensations of
physical pleasure. It will make you feel pain more acutely as well."

"So in other words, I'll be more like a normal person?"

Washuu smiled, "You can say that, yes. I just wanted to forewarn you. We also
have a long overdue mother/daughter talk to have."

Ryoko turned red, "MOM! I know that stuff already!"

"Do you? What do you really know, hmm? Remember, I know, okay? My link with
you," She tapped her forehead with her finger, "Just let me give you a few pointers.
Those videos you stole from Noboyuki aren't the best thing to use as guidance."

Ryoko then turned a deeper shade of red. She didn't know if she wanted this
conversation, but part of her was curious. "How about later today instead, breakfast
is ready."

"Sure thing! But first let me give you this shot"

Ryoko sat quietly during the meal, glancing occasionally at Aeka. She was wondering
how she would explain her disappearance when she got back. They were all going out
again Friday night, and she didn't want the princess all bent out of shape, ruining
the evening. "Say, Mihoshi? Have you put in for vacation yet?"

"Um..no, I was going to after breakfast."

"Mind if I tag along?"

"No! It'll be fun!"

After breakfast the two went out to Yukinojo and headed off into space to the GP docking
station out by Saturn.

"Okay, when we get there, you have to stay out of sight when I make the call to my boss."

"No problem. Guess what Mihoshi! I'm going to visit Tenchi!"

"No Way! Really! How are you going to find him?"

"He told me where he was! He wants to see me!"

"Oh Ryoko, I'm so happy for you!"

"There's one small problem, I don't know how to explain disappearing for a few days."

"What about those guys you met? You could just say you were hanging out with them."

"That might work."

"Oh, Ryoko, could you do me a favor and bring breakfast to....him?"

They had brought a prepared tray from Sasami for Morai. Ryoko took it back to the
holding cell.

Morai could tell he was in space again from the motion of the ship. He had felt the
shock of take-off and questions about his fate flooded his mind. First and foremost
he thought the time had come for them to get rid of him. As he dwelt on the darker
thoughts Ryoko showed up with breakfast. This one seemed the most likely to get some
information from, as she acted very comfortable around him. She deactivated the force
field door and stepped inside with the tray and handed it to him, "Here ya go!"

He took it and she picked up the old tray. Whenever she did that she made a point of
turning her back to him to see if he'd try anything. If she killed the guy in 'self
defense' he wouldn't be a problem for Mihoshi anymore. Once again, he disappointed
her. This was an especially big disappointment because she could have taken care of
him without Sasami having to see it. Instead, he talked, "So where are we off to
today."

Ryoko looked over her shoulder with an evil smile, "A GP substation."

This woman had already told him she wasn't GP. A bounty hunter maybe? No, why would
bounty hunters risk so much to save a caravan? It only added to his confusion.

"Do you have a name at least?"

"Yeah." She didn't elaborate further.

Sighing he said, "What do I call you then?"

She thought for a moment before giving him an evil smile, "You can call me Demon"

Something in her eyes frightened him, and he got a feeling of deja vu.

Laughing, she walked out of his cell and reactivated the force field.

Mihoshi's boss was more than happy to grant her request. He felt that she would
be less likely to do any damage while on vacation, and if she did, the GP wouldn't
be responsible. He did ask her for a report on the incident with the caravan, and
she promised to have it as soon as her vacation was over.

On the way back, Ryoko started feeling unfamiliar sensations. At first they were
so faint that she thought it was her imagination, but as time went on she could
not ignore them. The first thing she noticed was an uncomfortable feeling in her
butt. Standing up made it go away. Then she noticed a strange feeling in her
mouth. Realization hit - the shot from Washuu was starting to work.

They made it back in time for lunch, which Ryoko was really excited about. She
could finally taste, although the sensation was kind of faint. Everyone noticed
she was eating very slowly, concentration writ large across her face. Only Washuu
and Sasami knew why. Aeka was perplexed about this newest change in behavior as
always. Everyone was too occupied with Ryoko's change to notice Sasami slipping
away.

Morai could feel the ship settling back down for landing, wondering where they had
brought him to now. It was all very unsettling, not knowing where you stood and
being powerless to change the situation. All the information he had gotten so far
had only raised more questions. But today, he was going to get a break. The
little girl showed up, by herself for a change. Adrenalin began to flood into his
bloodstream. Then he got a hold of himself, realizing now was not the time to
leap without looking. She looked at him with that curious stare again, and placed
the tray on the ground right next to the force field. Morai leaned against the
wall on the far side of the cell from the door. "Hello there little one!" He said
in his most charming voice.

"Hello" Sasami answered hesitantly.


"What's your name?"

"I'm sorry, but I don't think I'm supposed to talk to you."

"What harm could there possibly be in telling me your name?"

"Well, I don't know....but if you promise not to try anything when I open the door
I'll tell you."

"Okay."

Sasami deactivated the force field, slid the tray through, and reactivated it.
Smiling at performing this duty on her own, she said, "Well, I promised, and
you behaved. My name is Sasami."

That's a nice name. Could you tell me which one of you ladies prepares these
wonderful meals for me?"

Deciding no harm could possible come from answering that question, "I do."

"Well thank you, I think this is the best I've ever eaten in my whole life."

Sasami beamed at this, "Well, I have to get going now, see you at dinner!"

With that she was gone, (Sasami......Sasami......where have I heard that name?)

It was a start, perhaps with time she would open up to him more. He would have
to be on his best behavior.

Sasami snuck back inside, then realized she had left the old tray behind. Sighing,
she began cleaning up from lunch.

Washuu had Ryoko down in the lab, giving her a progress check on her developing
senses. "So you now have a faint sense of taste? Notice anything else?" Washuu
asked while typing away on her holo computer. "Well, I get a uncomfortable
feeling when I sit too long."

"That's only normal. You'll notice alot of discomfort now that you couldn't feel
before. That's another drawback."

After running a full check, Washuu was happy with the results. Everything was
going as she had predicted. Ryoko left the lab to help Sasami finish cleaning.
Afterwards, she went to find Aeka. She ran into her on the way to the baths,
and asked if she would have a drink with her there. Once relaxed in the water
with a tray of Sake between them, Ryoko decided to have a little talk.

"Um....Aeka. Sorry about cutting you off and disappearing last night. It's just
that stuff is kind of hard to talk about."

"I see. I suppose it would be difficult to understand anyway."

"Well, you might not want to understand. Even understanding it can be painful."

"If you don't mind me asking, why were you acting so strangely at lunchtime?"

Ryoko brightened and said, "Well, I can tell you about this now because it's
about to change. For as long as I could remember, I could never taste anything
I ate, and now, Washuu fixed it so that could. That was the first meal I had
since she gave me a shot, and I'm just now beginning to feel the effects."

"You couldn't taste anything?" Aeka was horrified.

"Well, no. But I'm starting to!"

Aeka poured Ryoko the first shot of Sake she would ever taste, wondering what
other horrible things have been done to this woman she had misunderstood for
so long.

Mihoshi was stretched out on a towel by the lake shore, dressed in a bikini and
sunbathing. If this was going to be a vacation, she would act like it. She
laid back, forcing all the unpleasant thoughts of her predicament out of her
mind. After twenty minutes, she flipped over onto her back to tan the other
side. It was then through closed eyelids that she saw that something was shading
her. She opened her eyes to see Katsuhito Masaki blocking out the sun.

"Oh, hi Grandfather!"

Yosho smiled down at her.

"Hello. I was wondering if you would like to talk about the recent events in
space. I'd like to offer any assistance possible in helping you."

Yosho had always liked Mihoshi. She was such a kind sweet person, if just not all
there all the time. He always wondered what the reason was for the way she acted.
Unlike the others, who viewed her as a bubblehead, he saw through to what seemed
to be behavior that spoke something that happened in her past, that she hadn't come
to grips with yet, and was hiding her pain away under a facade of happiness and
pleasantness. And now, she had even more pain to deal with.

"Well...um....thanks, but I'd rather not think about it right now."

"I fear the longer you wait in dealing with things, the graver the situation may
become. Whenever you are ready to face these problems, I will be waiting."

With that he walked off, leaving her to think alone.

Washuu was working in her lab, doing a little bit of final tuning to her latest
project. She was just about finished with the special training swords for Yosho.
She decided to deliver them herself, since she hadn't been up to the shrine for
a while. Upon reaching the top of the steps, she found that nobody was around.
Shrugging, she tucked away one of the swords and activated the other. A silvery
fluid began to flow up out of the hilt, to solidify into a shimmering katana
blade. Little random waves flowed back and forth across the surface, so that it
maintained it's liquid look. She swung it a few times experimentally, getting a
feel for the heft of the blade. Then she went through a sword routine that she
knew, but couldn't remember where she had learned it. Yosho appeared when she
was about halfway through it, and watched silently. He had seen this routine once
before, but could not remember where. Then she was finished.

"So, Washuu, you are still full of suprises."

Washuu jerked her head around, feeling slightly embarrased, "Er, I suppose."

"May I ask where you learned that particular kata?"

"Oh, I'm not sure. It's been a while you see." She wanted to change the subject,
because she didn't ever discuss the holes in her memory. "I brought you a present!"

"Oh, and to what do I owe this honor?"

Washuu tossed him the hilt of the other sword. He examined it carefully. "So, how
do I activate it?"

"Just twist the ring near the hilt until it clicks."

He did and the silvery blade emerged from his sword.

"So how do they work?"

Washuu grinned evilly, "Like this."

She turned into her adult form and launched a spinning attack on Yosho, her hair
flailing about wildly. He was almost caught off guard, almost. By spinning,
her massive mane of red hair served to block his view of her sword hand as she
lunged. He barely caught her blade on his in a block, and the distinct sound of
metal clanging on metal echoed down from the mountain across the valley. Yosho
was suprised by the power and skill behind her attack, yet another hidden facet
of the great scientist was revealed. Yosho found himself on the defense for
quite some time, before holes in her defenses began to appear to him. He saw
an opening, but was unsure of what the blade would do. After passing up a few
strikes Washuu jumped back, circling warily. "What's the matter old man? Why
are you holding back?" It was then that he realized that those openings were
merely to bait him into a deadly trap. Her technique was very refined and
deceptive. He would have to be very careful. Then Washuu jumped at him again.
Her wild attack kept him on the defensive. He resolved to strike at her next
opening to see what would happen. He was suprised to see an orange energy blade
like Ryoko's casually bat his sword aside as her other blade swung about for the
killing blow.

Meanwhile, back at the baths,

"Ugh!!! That tastes awful! How could I have been drinking so much of that nasty
stuff for so long! It can't be good for you!"

Aeka laughed, "Oh my! I guess it's an acquired taste darling. Although, you
never did really have much 'taste!"

Ryoko gritted her teeth, but said nothing (I resolved to be nicer.......I promised
to be nicer.......oh screw it!)

Ryoko used her power to produce a massive wave of water to slam into Aeka. She
emerged spluttering into her hair which was plastered all over her face.

"you'll pay for that!"

Summoning her own powers, she used her force field to lift a huge amount of water
over top of Ryoko as she sat there laughing. She looked up just in time to see
an indoor version of Niagra Falls bearing down on her.

WHOOSH!!!

After the pool settled a bit Aeka waited for Ryoko to surface. When she didn't
immediately appear, she began to worry. "Ryoko?" She looked down into the water,
and realized her mistake too late. Hovering above her, the undrowned ex-pirate
released a 100 gallon glob of ice water onto the unsuspecting princess.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

"That's what you get for making fun of my handicaps." The freezing cold took the
fight out of Aeka, and as Ryoko looked at the goosebumped shivering princess, she
felt a pang of guilt. She grabbed a big fluffy towel and wrapped it around Aeka.

"Sorry, I got a little carried away there."

"It's alright, I was beginning to miss our 'little' fights there for a while."
(Then again, now that you have all your gems back, I'm not really a match for
you am I?) Aeka wasn't really thrilled the first time she noticed the other
two gems on Ryoko during Tenchi's going away party. She wondered if their
return had anything to do with the changes she had noticed in her rival.

"How about we give Joey and Greg a call to see what they are doing this weekend?
We have those tickets and free dinners." Ryoko asked hopefully.

Aeka signed, "Oh, alright. But you make the call. I'm going to get something
hot to drink." With that said, she excused herself from the baths.

And back at the shrine,

Yosho felt a stunning jolt of electricity pass through his body from his right
shoulder to his left side as Washuu's blade passed through him. He looked
up to see her standing there with the two different swords, with a big grin on
her face. Feeling around the still numb areas, he was relieved to find himself
uninjured.

"Had you going there for a minute, didn't I?"

Yosho didn't know what to be more amazed at, her besting him or his lack of
injury. "Interesting training tool you have made." Was all he could manage to
say.

"Oh, you haven't seen anything yet! Let me show you some of the other features!"

Like an enthusiastic child showing off her latest school project, Washuu back in
her child form demonstrated the swords versatility.

"I've loaded several different blade templates into the swords memory, see this,"
She twisted another ring with a click and the blade changed from a katana to the
short straight blade of the ninjato, then with another click it changed into a
curved middle eastern style scimitar. "Now, all these blades act like normal steel
blades or energy blades," She demonstrated by removing a weed growing up from
between the paving stones, "Except when they encounter living flesh. Then they
become a simple electric field that gives you a little shock." Yosho rubbed the
area where the sword had passed through, not exactly agreeing with the 'little'
shock part. "And now here's the best part! First you hold down this button here
while twisting the activation ring....." Suddenly the waves stopped flowing
across the blade, which now appeared to be a solid steel. "Be careful when they
are in this mode. They are just as lethal now as any energy or steel blade."
Washuu stood there beaming, proud of her latest invention. Deactivating the
weapon from solid blade mode, she tossed the second hilt to Yosho. He looked
at the two now inert weapons. "Excellent, now I can get back to sparring."
Washuu frowned, remembering her daughters upcoming absence. "Well, Katsuhito
dear, if you ever need a bit of variety when sparring, feel free to call on me!"
With a flirtatious grin over her shoulder, she took off down the steps.

"Hello?"

"Hey Joey, it's Ryoko."

"Oh, hi! What's up?"

"Well, Aeka and I and another friend wanted to see what you guys were up to this
weekend. You know we have those Disney tickets and free dinners!"

Joey smiled at the thought of seeing the girls again. "Well, we didn't have
anything planned. How does Saturday sound? We could make a day of it, Disney
during the day, then we can go to dinner afterwards."

"Great, where should we meet you?"

"How about your place?"

(Bad idea,) "Well, it's in the opposite direction from your place to Disney, so
how about we just meet you at yours?"

"Okay, give us a call the day before and we'll give you directions."


"Cool! Say hi to Greg for me. See you later!"

"Bye."

That being taken care of, Ryoko went to help Sasami start dinner.
"So what are we making tonight kiddo?" She asked while patting
her little friend on the back.

"Well, you are beginning to taste, aren't you?"

Ryoko nodded with a big smile.

"Well, how about.......some fried shumai, harumaki, and chicken teriyaki? Do
you remember how to make the dumplings?"

"I think so."

"Okay, you do the shumai and I'll start on the others."

The two worked side by side until the meal was ready. This time at dinner,
Ryoko didn't have to concentrate, since her sense of taste was about ninety
percent there. It was all good to her, especially in contrast to the awful
alcoholic taste of the sake. Before when she ate, the only satisfaction she
had was the feeing of being full when she stuffed herself. This flavor thing
brought on a whole new dimension. She ate slowly, deliberately. Savoring
every single morsel. This time, Aeka understood the behavior, and for once,
was happy for Ryoko.

After dinner, Washuu grabbed Ryoko and pulled her into her lab. "Uh, I have
to help Sasami finish cleaning........"

"No, I have to run some tests, and have that little talk with you."

"Mom!"

"No you just sit there like a good little girl...."

Washuu brought some scanning equipment online and ran through some diagnostics.

"Good.....good......very good! How do you feel?"

"Better."

"Notice anything different today?"

"Yeah, my butt gets sore when I sit for too long."

"Told you there would be some drawbacks."

"I'm fine with it."

"Now, let me let you about the birds and the bees."

"MOM! I told you that I know about that stuff!"

"I know that you understand the mechanics, but let me tell you what to expect now.
It will be different than what you think. Now first of all..............."



****************************************************************************

Tenchi woke to the sound of thunder. It was pouring outside. He sat up,
yawning and stretching. Finding the hidden door to the baths, he soaked
for a while. He thought about the coming evening, hoping the weather would
clear up in time. If not, he'd have to call Ryoko and tell her to wait
another night. It was not a call he wanted to make. Getiing out of the
bath, he sat down in front of the computer desk in his room. He could see
that Art was thoughtful enough to set him up with a Japanese version PC.
Time to write more letters, he decided. The first to his Dad,


Dear Dad,

You should see this place I'm staying at now. This guy has his own
airport in his backyard. I'm sure you could really appreciate it from
an architectural point of view. You would especially like the hospitality
here, I think Art had you in mind instead of me when he set things up. I
have been having fun, and learning alot. Don't work too hard, and I'll
write you again next week.



Then a quick letter to Jichan,


Dear Grandfather,

Thank you for arranging this trip. I see what you mean now by changing
sparring partners. I'd almost forgotten what wearing kendo armor was
like. I think I need to work on my empty hand techniques with you more
when I get back. Have a good week.


Then he considered the woman he might actually call Mom someday, the
possibility of that made him laugh.


Dear Washuu,

I'd really like to thank you for the phone and the picture you gave me
to take along. It really means alot to me. I'm having a great time
out here. I was really glad to see you and Ryoko getting closer before
I left. Take good care of her for me, would you? Good luck with all
your experiments!



Tenchi printed out the letters, and sealed them in individual envelopes.
He got dressed and started roaming the halls. The minute he had left his
room he was flanked by Rei and Emi. "Anything we can do for you this
morning Tenchi?"

"Yes, first, I need to mail off these letters, and then get some breakfast."

Rei took the letters and went one way while Emi led Tenchi to the dining
area. Another buffet was set out, with mainly western foods like eggs,
bacon, and pancakes, with a smattering of Japanese and Chinese dishes.
A cook was there in case he wanted eggs cooked to order.

"Good morning! I'm not too familiar with this, do you have a recommendation?"

The cook smiled, "Well, I make a mean western omlette!"

"Okay, I'll try that."

The cook quickly produced the omlette while Tenchi picked through some other
dishes. Returning to the cook's station he asked, "I guess you guys eat
pretty well here."


"Oh yeah! Especially when Mr. Hamilton is entertaining guests. He usually
has a more modest buffet when he is here alone, but it is still enough to
feed us all."

"You like working for Art?"

"Mr. Hamilton? He takes really good care of his people, sure!"

The breakfast was really good. Tenchi thanked the cook for the excellent
omlette and wandered off through the spacious mansion. He ran into Alan
in one of the numerous corridors.

"Hey Alan! What's there to do around here?"

"What are you in the mood for sir?"

"Oh please. not sir, just Tenchi, alright?"

"Alan smiled, of course Tenchi. Now, what are you in the mood for?"

"Well.......I'd like to exercise later, but right now I'd like to see the
sights around here."

"I know just the thing then Tenchi."

The storms had blown through the area quickly, leaving the sky clear and
the air cool and damp, and a little breezy. Tenchi was relieved at this.
Alan led him to the garage where the jeep was kept. Rei and Emi showed
up along the way and they drove out to the airfield. As they got closer,
Tenchi spotted a helicopter coming in for a landing. They pulled up next
to the hangar as the blades of the chopper slowly ceased rotating. The
pilots hopped out and began a post flight check. Alan approached them,
"Say Marty, our young guest here would like a tour of the estate, care to
indulge him?"

"Sure, just give us about fifteen minutes."

Alan explained to Tenchi that Art commuted to New York City everyday using
this helicopter. They had just returned from dropping him off this morning.
The pilot indicated that they could wait aboard while they prepped for the
flight. Tenchi was amazed at the equipment Art had installed on the aircraft.
Besides the three computer terminals, there was a video conferencing system,
wet bar, and a TV. Rei and Emi got comfortable on a couch like seat while
the pilots fired the engines up. The chopper leapt into the air and began
to slowly circle the estate while Alan pointed out the swimming pools, tennis
courts, trap and skeet ranges, the golf course, and others. "So you see, you
have no reason to be bored while you are here!" Art said to Tenchi through
the headsets they all now wore. The countryside surrounding the estate was
simply beautiful. Tenchi thought he would like to walk around it some time.

Back on the ground, he thanked the pilots for the ride, and they all rode
with Alan back to the house. Tenchi thought of Ryoko, and how much they
would be able to do together while she was visiting.

**************************************************************************

I was beginning to think you had forgotten to train today," Katsuhito said
as Ryoko materialized in front of him.

"No, sorry. Mom had a few things she had to do with me first."

"No matter. COme now, let's try out these wonderful new inventions of hers."

He tossed her one of the new training swords. She examined it curiously,
while he instructed her on its use. She activated the blade, and Katsuhito
made sure to note that both blades had the fluid wavy appearance that was
to indicate the swords were in training mode. Squaring off from each other,
they began. Ryoko attacked first, and Katsuhito was glad to see that the
weapons held up through their first exchange. Yosho was starting to be
worn down from her sheer strength however. To compensate, he allowed just
enough Jurai power to flow into him to compensate. Ryoko sensed this and
smirked, "Too much for you now, eh old man?" Yosho wasn't about to be
bested twice in one day. He was mindful of the fact that Ryoko had a spare
sword she could produce on demand as well. She stayed within the training
rules set forth, however. Her technique was very good, but still not as
refined as his. Yosho also had much experience to draw upon. He saw a few
openings in her guard, but chose not to take advantage of them yet. They
backed off and circled each other warily after their third exchange. Ryoko
smiled at him cockily. "You have learned much in one week Ryoko, but there
is much remaining." With that said he leapt at her. In a brief exchange
he took advantage of the first opening she left him. Ryoko felt the shock
of electricity pass through her, for her first real taste of pain since her
senses were fixed. "YAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!"

The sword clattered noisily to the ground, dropped from nerveless fingers.
She clutched her side with both hands as she dropped to her knees and
doubled over. Katsuhito looked down at her, concerned, but not allowing
it to show on his face. After a minute, she looked up at him, with tears
of pain running down her cheeks. He offered her his hand, which she took
to help her stand. "I think that's enough for one day Ryoko." She nodded
in silent agreement. She sat to rest for a moment on the steps of the
shrine. "Actually, I'd like to skip a couple days if you don't mind."

"It would probably be better if you started right back at it. Waiting
too long can add resolve to reluctance."

"It's not just that. I have something I'd like to do that will keep me
away for a couple days."

"As long as you don't distract Tenchi from his training too much."

Ryoko looked up in suprise. Yosho hadn't really known, just suspected,
and the look she gave confirmed his suspicions. "How did you.......?"

Yosho held up a hand, "Just do not distract him too much. You two have
alot to catch up on, just try not to all at once."

Ryoko turned bright red, "How do you.......?"

"I've seen it in him for quite some time, even if he didn't see it in
himself. I may be old, but I'm not blind."

"You aren't angry at him for calling for me?"

"Angry? No. I'm happy for him. For both of you. I knew this might
happen. I sent him away for many reasons. One of which was to give
him a different perspective on things."

"You won't tell Aeka, will you? Tenchi wanted to wait until he got back
to tell her himself."

"I will remain silent, as I do on most other matters. Good night Ryoko."

With that said, he turned and walked back to the shrine, leaving a still
suprised Ryoko standing there. Now she had to figure out what to say to
Sasami to explain her time away. She really didn't want to lie to her
little friend. In the end, she decided to use Katsuhito's way and simply
say nothing. Phasing back to the house, she joined Aeka, Sasami, and
Mihoshi on the couch to watch TV until bedtime.

************************************************************************

Tenchi decided to go for a swim in the large outdoor pool. Rei and Emi
hung out at the pools edge sunbathing while he swam laps. He didn't go
at it too hard, not wanting to wear himself out before the evening time
training session with Art. After an hour at the pool he went to his
room to change, then sat at the computer and looked up the current news
and weather from back home. Once again he found himself wondering what
he would do after graduating school. Considering his extravagant
surroundings, he didn't think he would ever want or need this much. Of
course, if he had fallen in love with Aeka instead, he would have had
the royal palace on Jurai as his future home. (No, that's not the life
for me. Too much responsibility. Besides, I don't think I would be
regarded too highly given my choice of girlfriend.) Still being a little
out of whack from all the traveling and time zone changes, he dozed off
in an early afternoon nap.

************************************************************************

It was a nightmare......

They were back on the Souyja, fighting. She was incapacitated, Kagato had
her by the head.

"It's a pity Ryoko that you won't live to see me as the ruler of the
entire universe."

Tenchi was dead, Kagato was tapping all her strength. It seemed hopeless.

"I'm sorry.....Tenchi."

(Ryoko moaned in her sleep from the rafter.)

Then the bright blue light, cutting through Kagato.

Then, unbelieveably, he was there. (Whew, I'm just in time.)

Feeling an arm wrapped around her protectively, she looked up at
stunned, at the man she loved. "Are you real?"

Looking back down at her lovingly, "I'm no ghost!"

Kagato sneered, "Didn't think you were still alive kid."

Anger welled up within him, looking over at the evil one who would dare try
hurt the one he loved. Time for business. He took his time, setting her
down carefully. "No Tenchi, don't!"

He just smiled at her, "Now I'll be fine." And for some reason, it wasn't
just a simple reassurance. He knew it to be true.

"Well, what do you plan to do?" Kagato asked sarcastically.

Tenchi gave him a look, and Ryoko could see that that look held no mercy.
And seeing him like that gave her an unfamiliar warm feeling in the pit
of her stomach. That look he gave was reserved for those who would dare
try to harm her.

Then for the third time, Tenchi attacked Kagato to save her. And for the
third time, Kagato was wiping the floor with him. No matter how hopeless
it seemed, he just kept attacking.......for her. Then Kagato had Tenchi
in his grasp. "If only you had left these women behind you could have
remained alive."

To Tenchi, this was unthinkable, "I would rather die than forsake any one
of them."

Kagato simply laughed, hurling him away. Tenchi was beneath his notice now.

(Tenchi tossed and turned in his sleep, "No......No!")

Now that he was tapped into the full power of the gems. They could both
sense the immense power emanating from the evil one, the three gems equaled
Tsunami in strength. Kagato would use this to pull in the Ship of Jurai,
sealing the fate of the Universe. Tenchi refused to believe it. But he was
losing hope. Then he remembered what Tsunami had told him, and found the
resolve to get up again. Kagato noticed him, a little suprised.

"How can you have any power left?"

(My own power) "I have been relying on this sword too much."

"I was going to finish you later but why not now?"
Kagato raised his hand to send a blast at him.

(This sword is useless here. My own power......) Tenchi dropped the master
key, discarding it. It was useless here.

"So, you're giving up?"

His attention was focused entirely on Kagato, then, faintly, he heard her, 
"Tenchi run, get away!" Then heard her plead with Kagato, the merciless
one who used and tortured her for thousands of years. Strong, proud Ryoko
begging for his life. "Stop, please don't, you've got everything you wanted,
please spare him." And the anger towards the one before him grew even more,
as did his own power.

"Can this boy really mean that much to you, well not to worry. Very soon you
and Pricess Aeka will join him very soon indeed, you won't be alone in death."

"Nooooooooo!!!!!!!!"

The power swelled inside him even more, and he stood there, almost serenely.
Kagato sent a blast towards him, and he felt the power in him surge incredibly.
It was so powerful it made him gasp as his eyes widened, and he barely noticed
that the blast never made it to him, so strong was the force within him. Then
the smoke cleared.

"Now it's your turn." Kagato said as he turned to the crushed Ryoko, thinking
she had seen him killed again.

"Impossible, I thought the power from Tsunami was completely cut off."

Ryoko looked up and saw Tenchi, with that look again.

"It's you!" Kagato screamed in disbelief.

Ryoko watched as Tenchi went through his transformation.

"It's you, your creating all this!" Kagato yelled before attacking.

Tenchi stood there and for the forth and final time, fought Kagato. It was
different this time. Kagato was cut in half.

"You've won boy."

Ryoko ran to Tenchi and he grabbed her, pulling her close to him as his light
hawk wings disappeared. He looked her in the eyes, those golden eyes that stole
his heart so long ago, before he could even remember, "Ryoko listen......there's
something I have to tell you. I've realized that I've loved you for a long time
now, and I wanted you to know before another moment passed. I've waited too long
as it is. It will be too long before I can tell you in person. As I realized it
finally, I wanted to say it, I needed to say it to you, because delaying any longer
would have torn me up inside. I love you, Ryoko, I love you."

Tears of joy streamed down her cheeks, "Tenchi, I love you so much...."

(Tenchi woke from his nap, noticing his arms were empty.)

(Ryoko settled down into a very restful sleep. The nightmares would begin to
slowly lessen from that moment onward, and every night, they would turn into
a dream come true towards the end.)

***************************************************************************

(Wow, that was an intense dream!) Tenchi thought. A dream that combined two
important events in his life. He sat up and stretched, deciding it was time
for lunch. He wasn't especially hungry, but he couldn't think of anything
else to do. Walking down the hall, he was soon flanked by Rei and Emi. "Do
you two just wait fo me all the time?"

"Yes!" They replied in unison.

Tenchi merely sighed, hoping they would cease the escort duty before Ryoko came
by. He felt he had to warn them eventually. He ate a light lunch, which seemed
a pity since there was so much food to be had. Alan joined them all for the
mid-day meal, as Rei and Emi ate with Tenchi when Art wasn't around. "Say, Alan,
can you take me out to see some of those ranges we saw after lunch?" Tenchi
thought of all the things to do here, Ryoko might enjoy shooting.

"Yes Tenchi, let me get things set up." He made a phone call, and after lunch,
they rode in the jeep out to the trap and skeet range.

Alan showed Tenchi the basics of the fine art of blasting clay flying discs from
the air. Tenchi was a little intimidated by the shotgun, and at first concentrated
more on simply firing it without being knocked back than hitting the target. Soon
his familiarity increased, and he began to hit some of them. After about an hour
on the range, he was able to hit about half the targets.

"That's quite an improvement in one day. You say you've never handled a shotgun
before?"

"No, it's all very new to me."

Tenchi felt an ache in his shoulder from firing the gun. He rubbed it with his
left hand while moving his right arm in circles, "Oh...maybe this wasn't such a
good idea."

Rei and Emi stepped up, "Would you like a massage now Tenchi?"

"Uh, no thank you. I'll just put some ice on this, and maybe take some aspirin."

Back at the house, Tenchi took two aspirin and rested in his room with an icepack
on his shoulder, regretting the first big mistake he had made that week.


Larry (or Art as he was known to people who couldn't properly pronounce 'L')
was inbound in his chopper from the city. Patching the telephone to his headset,
he informed Alan that he would be home by 5:30, and recommended that Tenchi have
a light early dinner, because he was anxious to get started. Art himself had
grabbed a sandwich to go before boarding the sleek Eurocopter. Alan in turn
placed a call to Tenchi's room. He sat up suprised at the ring.

"Hello?"

"Hello Tenchi. Mr. Hamilton will be home in an hour. Could I bring you something
light to eat?"

Tenchi was kind of hungry because of his light lunch. "Yes please, how about......
pizza?"

"Very good, I'll bring it up in twenty minutes."

Tenchi had two slices and a big glass of water.

Alan brought him a brand new gi to wear as well. After eating, he led Tenchi to
Art's training room. "Mr. Hamilton will be here shortly," Alan said while
departing. Tenchi sat, and began meditation.

The chopper dropped Art off at the house near his training room, and he dashed
inside, changing quickly. Other than the Tournament, this was the highlight of
his life. He walked in and saw Tenchi meditating, so he sat down quietly across
from him and began himself. They meditated together for twenty minutes. Art
concentrated on controlling his eagerness, and Tenchi contemplated his shoulder.
At Ernesto's dojo, Tenchi had considered him the Sensei, who would signal the
end of meditation. He didn't feel the same way here, but didn't want to presume
anything, so he waited for Art to signal the end. Art felt that he was the lesser
one here, so he waited for Tenchi to signal the end. Eventually, Art's eagerness
got the better of him. "Alright."

They went through a series of warm up exercises, Tenchi concentrated on working
his shoulder.

"So what's your pleasure, Tenchi? Bokken, Kendo?"

"Bokken thank you."

>From a wall covered with all manner of asian hand weapons, Art selected two very
fine hardwood bokken. He bowed to Tenchi, handing one over. Tenchi felt the
heft of the weapon, suppressing a wince from the soreness in his shoulder. It
was kind of funny how he hadn't really felt the soreness while shooting until
it was too late.

They faced off, circling each other slowly, studying each others slightest movements.
Art moved in first. He was stronger and faster than Ernesto, and his technique was
solid. The shoulder pain slowed Tenchi's movements. He began to compensate by giving
ground or shuffling sideways. Tenchi began to pick up on Art's technique and timing.
Just when he thought he had it, Art changed it, picking up the pace with more speed
and power. Tenchi found himself giving ground now, and wishing he was a lefty. (Well,
why not? Grandfather made me practice with my left enough.) Deciding to try it, he
quickly shuffled sideways, switching hands. Art noticed this, and it threw off his
timing a little bit. Tenchi wasn't as skilled fighting this way, but he got his speed
back. Art was kind of glad, because he needed practice fighting like this, as the
number one fighter in the Tournament was a lefty. Tenchi began to get his timing again,
and before Art could change pace on him, he struck. Tenchi went to block a full power
downward slash from Art by catching it squarely on his own blade, but shifted the last
instant, allowing Arts blade to slide down his, deflected. This caused Art to overextend
himself slightly, which Tenchi took full advantage of, bringing his own weapon down on
Arts left shoulder. Art then backed off. Both combatants were breathing heavily. Art
didn't take defeat well, but was consoled by the fact that he had held up against Tenchi
better than he had expected to. Tenchi was disappointed in himself for not being up to
his full potential for his host. Art rubbed his own now sore shoulder and asked, "Again?"
Tenchi nodded. Art increased the ferocity of his attack, hoping to take advantage of his
superior size and strength. Tenchi fell back again, and decided to switch hands back and
go for using more advanced technique this time. Tenchi was mainly concentrating on
deflecting the others blade rather than meeting it squarely. Art expected Tenchi to try
to feint again by pretending to meet it squarely, then deflecting last instant, or not
deflecting it and trying something different. Tenchi did neither. Instead, Tenchi was
watching the other man's stance, watching for potential imbalance. He began to notice
that whenever he shuffled sideways, Art would loosen his stance as he turned to face him.
Deciding to use this to his advantage, as Art pressed his attack, Tenchi shuffled to the
side again and as Art turned with a downward strike Tenchi simultaneously blocked and
shuffled forward, then brutally drove his hip into Art. As he started to fall backwards
Art brought his sword and both arms quickly back over his head to balance himself as
Tenchi dropped to one knee, delivering a slash across Art's midsection.

After backing up and catching his breath Art said, "Okay, okay. Where did I go wrong?"

Tenchi had to catch his own breath first, while contemplating the answer. "Well, first
of all, I think you use too much power. I believe you could improve greatly by working
on your economy of motion. Second, your stance while turning is a little weak."

"Really? Okay, how should I correct this?"

Tenchi was unaccustomed to teaching, but as his Grandfather once told him, "Sometimes
you can learn more about a technique by teaching it than practicing it."

Together, they came up with a simple drill to work on the stance, and they ran through
it a few times for the next half hour.

"Okay, so why did you switch hands during our sparring Tenchi?"

"Well, my shoulder is a little sore today. Sorry I'm not exactly 100% for you."

Art felt a little deflated at this news, realizing he had been beaten even when his
opponent was handicapped. "Well, are there any kata or techniques you could show
me?"

Tenchi ran through one of the classic Jurai sword routines 'Spring Waterfall', which
was a series of different powerful downward strikes followed by upward blocks. It
was nothing fancy, but it served to work on producing power in strikes using technique
instead of strength. It took Art about an hour to learn the movements.

"Well, I think that's enough for one night. Thank you very much, Tenchi."

Art felt his ego a little deflated, but his resolve to meet the master who had trained
Tenchi was strengthened. He ran into Rei and Emi on his way out as they sought to tend
to Tenchi. He thought of a way to boost his pride. "C'mon girls, keep me company for
a while." He placed an arm around each girl, and the giggled as he led them off towards
his chambers.

Tenchi took a shower and soaked in the bath, keeping his shoulder under the water. It
was coming up on 9:30, so he got out of the tub, dried off and dressed. He made his
way outside, towards the strip of high ground between the house and the runway.

Arts estate had a very advanced security system, and he had a platoon of guards who ran
it for him. These weren't your typical guards either. They were all ex-military. Army
Rangers, Navy Seals, and Recon Marines. It was a very boring assignment, but the job
perks more than made up for it. Infrared sensors picked up Tenchi's movement, as he
walked out towards the runway. The shift commander saw the lights on his board, and
pulled up the cameras in that area on one of his monitors. "That's him?" he asked
the sergeant of the guard. "Yep, thats Larry's guest. Probably just out for a walk."
The commander nodded. "Okay, I'm going to the main guard shack to check on the sentry
there, let me know if he does anything out of the ordinary."

"You got it."

Ryoko was up in a geosynchronus orbit above the equator, and her visual screen was zoomed
into and locked on the location Tenchi had descibed. It was too easy. She had left the
house before anyone got up, and flew to this spot, watching the terminator-the line of
darkness separating night from day, slowly cross the estate. It wouldn't be long now.
Her heart began beating rapidly in anticipation. It was almost time. She began her
descent, watching for the light from his sword.

Tenchi looked at his watch, 9:55. (Almost time.)

The commander called the sergeant of the guard from the sentry post, "Anything happening?"

"Nope, he's up on the hill, hasn't moved for a while."

"Hmm....stargazing? Alright, I'll be back soon. Want coffee?"

"Sure."

Tenchi looked at his watch for the tenth time, 9:57. (Okay, here goes.)


The sergeart of the guard looked up at his monitors suddenly. The display that had held
the image of Mr. Hamiltons guest was now washed out in solid light, "What the hell......?"


Ryoko saw the light when she was at about eight thousand feet up. (Go home and keep
Sasami company Ryo-ohki, I'll call you when I need a ride), and she phased outside
into the night.

"Miyaaaaaaaa!!!", cried Ryo-ohki in acknowledgement as she sped away.

Ryoko just relaxed in midair, free falling towards her love.


"Uh, commander, somethings up with my camera here, I can't see the subject anymore."

Thge commander was in a jeep on the way back to the main guardhouse, "Okay, I'll
ride by there as soon as I can to get a direct visual."

Ryoko landed about fifty feet away from Tenchi, and simply looked at him for a
while. Seeing him standing there, lit up by the blue light, gave her that
funny new warm feeling again in the pit of her stomach. She saw the serious
look on his face of what.....? Anticipation? She closed her eyes, and listened.
She focused her hearing and could make out the beating of his heart. It was
beating about as quickly as hers. She savored the moment, then opened her eyes
and began walking towards him.


"Damn night vision cameras! What's he doing? Pointing a spotlight at it?" The
sergeant asked himself. Then he called the commander, "How long to eyes on
target?"

The commander radioed back, "Two minutes. Has he moved from that spot?"

"Nope. Infrared shows no movement."

"Okay, try to bring up a visual on another camera."


"Tenchi?"

He heard her call his name, and he instantly extinguished his sword.


"Whoa, hey commander, got a visual, and our little guest isn't alone anymore!"

"What?"

"He's got a woman with him now, and DAMN what a hottie!"

"Alright, I suppose this warrants a call to Mr. Hamilton. Keep an eye on them
for now. I'll be there in four minutes."


Tenchi could barely make out her outline in the dark, but there was no mistaking
it. His eyes slowly adjusted, but Ryoko's amazing vision had already adapted.
She could see him squinting out into the night towards her. "Ryoko?"
She was there before him, just out of arms reach. For once in her life, Ryoko
was a little nervous. This was it, what she had been waiting for, so why did
she hesitate? Tenchi felt the same way, that mixed feeling of nervousness and
excitement. They stood there in the dark facing each other, for an eternally
long moment. Then they moved together as one, closing the distance and wrapping
their arms around each other, not saying a word. They stood there, simply hugging
each other, rocking back and forth, caressing each others backs, for quite some
time.


Art was rather annoyed to hear the phone ring at that particular moment. He rolled
over and reached across Rei as Emi sat up. "What is it?"

"Um, sorry to disturb you sir, but we have an unannounced visitor on the estate."

"Where?"

"Between the airfield and the house, I can send you a camera feed sir."

"Do it."

Art punched a button and a flat screen video monitor slid smoothly from the ceiling.
It clicked on to show Tenchi and Ryoko loosening their embrace enough to begin a
hesitant kiss. Rei and Emi sat up suddenly, feeling slightly jealous. Art then
remembered Tenchi's request, and his remark about his girl having 'her own ride.'
"Stand down, commander. She's alright. Just continue with normal monitoring ops."

"Very well sir. Uh, sir?"

"Yes?"

"I just thought I should mention this, but she just appeared with him out of nowhere.
We picked up no perimeter breaches of any kind, it's like she dropped out of the sky."

"Strange. Have a full report for me by morning."

"Yes sir, goodnight."

Art pondered this new information for a moment as he looked at the couple on the screen
as their kisses grew more passionate. (Just who is Tenchi's mystery girl?) He clicked
the screen off, and returned his attention to the women at hand.


Ryoko was experiencing all kinds of new feelings, then Tenchi broke off the kiss, and
she moaned in disappointment. "Let's get inside, or we'll be out here all night."

"I don't care Tenchi, as long as you're here......."

"C'mon. I can't even see you out here."

He took her by the hand, and led her to the house. Once inside in the light, he turned
her to face him, and took both of her hands in his. He looked deeply into her eyes, the
look on his face mirrored the seriousness of his next statement, "I love you." Ryoko
could have melted right then and there. She leaned into him, holding on for support.
She kissed him on the neck, and started working her way up his neck to his cheek, then
his lips. Before the kiss could deepen too much, Tenchi broke it off again to another
moan of protest. "Out of the hallway."

They were in the elevator then. Ryoko pounced, slamming Tenchi up against the wall. She
had both arms around his neck while holding his head in her hands, pulling him into a deep
kiss. She pressed her lower body against his, instinctively, urgently. The warm feeling
in the pit of her belly was becoming a raging fire. The elevator door opened and he broke
off again, to the loudest protest yet. Sweeping her off her feet, and ignoring the pain
in his shoulder, he carried her down the hallway. She had her arms around his neck showering
kisses on him all the way to his room. He set her down by the door, and pushed her away
long enough to open it and shuffle inside..................


*******************************************************************************************

I get enough reviews with requests, I continue this scene in a separate side story
titled: "Journey's Wayside." Wanted to keep the main story line PG-13!

*******************************************************************************************


Sasami searched the house for Ryoko after breakfast, worried about her friend. Nobody
mentioned her absence at the meal, for all their own reasons. Washuu and Mihoshi were
covering for Ryoko, and Yosho was protecting Aeka's feelings. Aeka assumed that Ryoko
was slipping back into character finally. Sasami was the only one who thought something
was wrong. She decided to visit Washuu in her lab. "Hello.......Washuu!"

Washuu popped up in front of her, "What can I do for you Sasami?"

"Well, I was worried about Ryoko....."

"Don't worry, my little girl is just fine. She wanted to go away for a couple days."

Sasami was saddened at this, especially since Ryoko didn't say goodbye. Washuu saw
the little princess become visibly upset. Not knowing what else to do, she sent a
mental call out to Ryoko, and her face flushed at the feedback coming to her through
the link. Quickly cutting it off, she shook her head and sighed. Giving Sasami a
hug, she said, "I have an idea, lets go into town today for lunch. We can bring back
take-out for everyone else. My treat." Sasami brightened at this.

"So how are we going to get there?"

"I think I can come up with something," Washuu said with the mad scientist gleam in
her eye.

Sasami left the lab as Washuu began working furiously on something. She went to find
soemone to go with her to feed the prisoner. Aeka volunteered and they walked out to
Mihoshi's ship.

Morai decided that the only thing he had to work with was the chopsticks. Finding
the underside of his cot slightly abrasive, he slowly and painstakingly worked on
putting points on them. It would take some time, but what else did he have to do?
He put them away when he heard someone coming. It was the little girl with the
snobby one this time. He sat there quietly, not saying a word as the princess
deactivated the door and replaced the old tray with the new one. He managed to wink
and smile at Sasami without Aeka noticing. She smiled back and waved. Aeka did
notice this. On the way back to the house, she said, "Sasami, I don't want you to
be so friendly with that one. He is a ruthless and evil space pirate, and very
dangerous."

"Well, you used to say that about Ryoko, you know."

Aeka sighed, "That is a totally separate issue. Ryoko was controlled, and she is
different now."

Sasami remained silent, thinking that he was probably forced to be that way through
circumstance, instead of mind control like Ryoko. She resolved to find out one way
or another.

Both were interupted from their thoughts by the unfamiliar vehicle sitting in the
driveway. Although the two girls couldn't readily identify it, any American car
enthusiast would have immediately recognized it as a 1969 Camaro SS. Behind the
wheel was an adult Washuu. Upon seeing Sasami, she honked the horn. "C'mon lets
go!" Sasami ran over quickly, hopping into the car, leaving Aeka behind.

Aeka found herself alone at the house, which was a distinctly unique situation.
Mihoshi was nowhere to be found, and Yosho was most likely at the shrine. She
decided to check on Ryu-oh, then do some gardening.

Mihoshi had made up her mind to see Yosho about her problems. Wandering up to the
shrine after breakfast, she found the old priest sweeping the pathways. "Good
morning Mihoshi."

"Good Morning, grandfather. Um.....I meant to ask you if...um..."

Yosho smiled at her, "If I could help you? Yes, I would be happy to. Come inside."
Her showed her into the building. Indicating a seat on the floor, "Here, sit and
make yourself comfortable." Yosho had already given a lot of thought to possible
courses of action. Opening a small drawer in his cabinet, he brought out a small
box. He opened it to reveal several small needles. "Mihoshi, have you ever had
acupuncture performed on you before?"

"Um...no? What's acupuncture?"

"I want you to trust me Mihoshi, alright?"

She nodded.

Taking four needles, he placed one on either side of her neck, and one on each wrist.
Appearing apprehensive at first, after the thrid needle was in she started visibly
relaxing. Yosho then brought out some herbs and incense, and carefully mixed them.
As he did this he asked her if she had ever been hypnotized before. She didn't know
the answer to that either. After lighting the mixture and placing it so that the
fumes would waft over her, he took a seat in front of her.

"Mihoshi, I want you to listen very carefully, and follow my instructions. Slowly
start to relax, and concentrate on your breathing............." Within a few minutes,
she was in a state of hypnosis.

Now he had to decide where to go from there. "Mihoshi, I want you to think back to
a few days ago. You are back in space, on patrol." She giggled. "What do you see?"

"I'm reading a funny Manga." Yosho smiled at her.

"Now think to the emergency call. You went to help someone, What happened?"

"There was a distress call, I went to check it out."

"What happened then."

Mihoshi frowned, "Pirates, and they were going to kill them all. I told them to
surrender. But they fired on me."

"And then?"

Mihoshi got visibly agitated. Her breathing quickened and her body tensed.

"Mihoshi?"

He got no response, "Mihoshi?"

She was shaking, and she bared her teeth, which were clenched tightly together.

"MIHOSHI! Wake up!"

Still no reponse. "What do you see?"

Then he remembered about the implanted memories, and inspiration struck, "Ryoko?"

"Yes."

(Hmm......not good at all), "Ryoko relax."

Mihoshi stopped trembling, and her breathing slowed.

Now Yosho had to think for a moment. He hadn't expected a breakthrough this
quickly, but he felt he was treading on very thin ice.

"Ryoko, I'm going to count to three, then I will snap my fingers. When you
hear the snap I want you to go to sleep." He didn't know if this would put
the Ryoko persona back in remission, but it was worth a try, "1..2..3"

SNAP!

Mihoshi sat there calmly.

"Mihoshi?"

A pause, "Yes?"

Yosho let out a long sign of relief. He reached over and carefully removed the
needles from her neck and wrist. "Mihoshi, when I say your name again, I want you
to wake up. You will wake up feeling very rested, and very happy. MIHOSHI."

She opened her pretty blue eyes and looked at Yosho, "Oh Hi Grandfather!"

He smiled back at her, "Hello, how do you feel?"

"I feel great, Thanks. Um....what am I doing here?"

"You came here for help, remember?"

"Oh yeah.......so when do we start?"

Yosho chuckled.

**********************************************************************************

The black and yellow car roared down the road towards town. The sound was just an
effect of course. Taking her idea with the training sword one step further, Washuu
had decided it was high time they had some Earth style transportation. Loaded into
the cars memory were hundreds of classic car shapes, she had simply picked the
current body at random. The car was equipped with an advanced drive-by wire system
that prevented the user from exceeding its handling limitations. The cars computer
was assisted by a mutli-phase spectrum scanner (kinda like radar) which could detect
surrounding objects and follow the road. It had an excellent auto pilot as well.
Sasami was smiling and laughing, the fast ride making her forget all her worries.
Washuu was enjoying this outing as well, and suddenly had an epiphany (I've been
spending way too much time in the lab, I need to get out more.) Enjoying the feel of
the wind in her hair, she decided to morph the car to the convertible version. (Ah,
now this is the life.) Nearing town, they pulled up to a traffic light. A car full
of teenagers pulled up along side. "Hello beautiful!" The driver called out. Washuu
turned to favor him with a winning smile, then started revving her engine. She
playfully called out, "Do you want me?" The teenagers jaw dropped, then he got a
hopeful gleam in his eye and nodded. "Then you have to catch me!" The light turned
green and Washuu pressed the accelerator to the floor. Great clouds of black smoke
flowed from the rear wheel wells as the car leapt forward, leaving patches of burning
rubber on the ground behind. Washuu and Sasami had a great laugh as they rocketed
onward. (I need to get out more indeed.)

They returned with bags of take-out for everyone. Yosho even stopped down from the
shrine to admire Washuu's new car. "Quite a machine you have there." He complimented.

"I'll have to take you for a spin sometime," she said while winking, still in her adult
form. Yosho cleared his throat and excused himself.

At the table Aeka noticed Ryoko's absence, knowing that her missing two meals in a row
was totally out of character, past or present. "Has anyone seen Ryoko?"

Mishoshi spoke up, a little too quickly. "I think she said something about visiting
those guys you met." (I'm not exactly lying here, am I?) The influence of the old
internal Ryoko was manifesting itself.

"Well, I hope she doesn't distract them from their responsibilities."

"What are these guys like?" Washuu asked, trying to move the conversation in that
direction.

"Well, first there's Greg. He's tall, and handsome, with long blonde hair and blue
eyes. He's a great dancer too, but he struck me as somewhat shallow. Then there's
Joey. He seems very nice, I really enjoyed his company. He's kind of shy. Oh.....
he is a very good singer." Aeka smiled at the memory of him at the Karaoke contest.

Yosho and Washuu looked at each other knowingly after Aeka was finished. They both
knew the deal between Ryoko and Tenchi, even if they didn't realize they shared this
knowledge. What they did realize, to their mutual relief, was that Aeka was actually
feeling an interest towards another guy.

"Oh, I can't wait to meet them!" Mihoshi squealed.

"Well, hopefully Ryoko doesn't hog all their attention for your sake." Aeka said.

Washuu seemed intrigued, "Say Aeka, would you mind if I went along as well?"

"Well it's fine with me. Mihoshi?"

"Sure Washuu! The more, the merrier!"

"We'll just have to make more reservations for dinner then." Aeka said.

Aeka didn't remark or ask about Ryoko missing for the rest of the evening, much
to the relief of all who knew where she was.

***********************************************************************************

Tenchi opened his eyes, and shut them again immediately against the brightness, which
didn't help the headache he was just now realizing he had. "Uh......" Then he felt
the arm and leg resting across his body. He looked over into the sleeping face of
Ryoko, her mussed blue hair covering half of it. He smiled and brushed it out of
her face, wondering for the thousandth time why he had waited for so long. What he
really needed was water, but he didn't want to disturb her sleep for two reasons.
One, she looked so peaceful. Two, he didn't feel physically prepared to deal with
what she promised to do when waking, (Pick up where we left off she said. Left off?
More like I passed out from exhaustion!) The thirst was just too much, and somehow
he manage to wriggle free without waking her. Upon reaching the sink, he turned on
the tap and just started drinking right from the faucet. When he could hold no more
water he made his way silently to the bath, where he could do an assessment of his
physical condition. Laying back in the hot water, he realized his shoulder was
feeling much better. Unfortunately, his upper thighs and abs were very sore. The
bath was helping, and he laid his head back to relax.

Not long after he left, Ryoko woke because she didnt feel Tenchi next to her anymore.
She sat up and looked around the room to find it empty. (Where did he go?)
Doubts entered her mind, as she wouldn't get over her insecurities overnight. (I
should have listened to Yosho about not trying to catch up all at once. Did I
finally get him only to push him away?) Upset, she got up and found her clothes.
She walked out onto the balcony, and jumped up to sit on the railing, with her head
bowed in thought.

Tenchi rubbed the aching muscles in his thighs and stomach, massaging them towards
his heart as his Grandfather had once taught him. It was then he felt...something.
Not really sure what, but it made him think of Ryoko, and the fact that the door
to the bath was hidden. (She might wake up to find herself alone in a strange
house!) Jumping up and wrapping a towel around himself, he ran through the hidden
door. He found her on the balcony, where she hadn't hadn't moved from her spot on
the railing. He could tell she was sad, (Oh, no. I hurt her again.) She sensed
him coming up behind her. "I'm sorry Tenchi." He was confused, why was she sorry?
"Ryoko, if anyone should apologize, it's me."

"Hmm?" She turned to look at him questioningly, and he could see that she had been
crying.

"Ryoko, what's wrong? I was just taking a bath, I didn't mean to leave you like
that, but you were sleeping so peacefully." Then he suddenly knew how to make it
up to her, "Um......care to join me in the bath?" Her face lit up like a Christmas
tree. Tenchi took her hand, helping her down from the railing, and led her to the
hidden door. Halfway there, he noticed the clock for the first time.

"Two thirty! I've been asleep all day!" Ryoko wrapped her arms around him and
whispered in his ear, "But you were up all night, my Tenchi. Did you miss
anything?"

"No, nothing besides breakfast and lunch. Which reminds me, I'm starving. Want
room service?"

"Really? We can have food brought here?"

Tenchi placed a phone call to Alan, and asked for a nice assortment of food. He
said to expect it in half an hour. They relaxed in the bath together until then,
leaning against each other in the water, holding hands.

After eating, they lay cuddled on the bed until the phone rang. It was Alan,
calling to let Tenchi know that Art would be arriving at the training room around
six o'clock. He got up to find his gi, while Ryoko got dressed in a pair of jean
shorts with a red tank top. Tenchi was relieved when he made it with Ryoko all
the way to the training room without Rei and Emi showing up. They got there a
little early, because Tenchi wanted to have a talk with her before meeting Art.
"Now remember, no powers okay? No floating or phasing. And be careful what you
say. If you aren't sure how to answer a question, let me answer for you, okay?"
Ryoko nodded. She was admiring some of the weapons on the wall. Picking a katana
off the wall, she smiled at Tenchi, "Want to see what I can do?" Curious, Tenchi
nodded. Ryoko then went through a Jurain sword routine known as 'The Storm from
Heaven', which was one of the most difficult to master. It contained my powerful
techniques, and Tenchi himself had barely learned it. So it came as a huge suprise
to him to watch his Ryoko perform it flawlessly, as if she had been practicing it
for years. Art walked in as she was halfway through it, Tenchi too caught up in
the scene before him to notice.

It was love at first sight. Art was simply floored. The image he had seen of her
on the monitor the night before was a view from behind, in grainy black and white
night vision. He didn't expect this beautiful....goddess before him now. And the
way she handled the sword........she had to be a master. Of this he had no doubt.
How she had made it into his estate undetected was the question that had nagged
him all day. "So Tenchi, are you going to introduce me?" Art asked. Tenchi
picked his jaw up from the floor, he himself being just as floored by her
performance, and turned to notice Art for the first time. "Oh....ah, Ryoko, this
is our host, Art. Art.....Ryoko."

(Ryoko? What an unusual name for such a beautiful woman. Devil summoner I think
that means.) "Pleased to meet you Ryoko. I see that you are a quite a sword master."

"Um......well, I kinda know what I'm doing." She didn't like the way he was looking
at her. Not at all.

"Don't let her be so modest, Ryoko's handled a sword all her life." Tenchi mentioned
proudly. Ryoko smiled at the way he said it, and meant it.

"I can believe that, but please tell me, how did you manage to make it through my
security last night?"

Ryoko (Huh?)........and Tenchi (Uh oh!) They both silently thought while looking at
each other.

"Well, you didn't walk in through any of the gates, and you didn't use the airfield.
Tell me, how did you get here?"

Tenchi thought desperately, then an idea popped into his head. (Sounds like so much
bullshit, but if anyone can back this up, it's my Ryoko!)

"Well, you see Art, it's kind of a secret."

"A secret?" Art asked, looking questioningly at Ryoko.

Ryoko remained silent, remembering Tenchi's instructions.

"Well, you saw how she was with the sword right?" Tenchi asked.

"Yes, she is a true master."

"That's not all she is a master of. I cannot tell you, but...."

Tenchi walked to her, and took the sword she was holding. Placing it on the wall,
he searched all the weapons until he found what he was looking for. Removing it
from the wall, he handed it to Ryoko with a bow, she took it and bowed back, now
understanding what story her Tenchi was trying to sell this guy.

"A Ninja?" Art asked in disbelief. Tenchi and Ryoko just stood there with poker
faces. Ryoko got into the act now, dropping down to sit cross legged with the
ninjato set before her on the floor. She closed her eyes, beginning to meditate.
Tenchi sat beside her and did the same. Art was a dumbfounded, but sat and began
to meditate himself. Ryoko contemplated sword techniques appropriate to the short
straight blade before her. Tenchi meditated on how to compensate for his latest
muscle soreness. Art just tried to empty his mind of questions. They all sat
silently for half an hour. Ryoko could have sat there all night, so deep were the
levels she could reach now, but Art was eager for a rematch, and Tenchi was getting
sore sitting like that. Ryoko opened her eyes when she heard the two get up. After
some quick warm up exercises and stretches, the two men faced off. Tenchi was a
little worried. He could feel his stance was not as strong as it should be. Art
would be more aware of his own weaknesses today, so Tenchi didn't think he could
knock him off balance today. At least his shoulder didn't bother him too much.
Art attacked first, but Tenchi gave no ground today. He couldn't afford to move
on his feet too much. He stood there toe to toe with the larger stronger man. Not
the best plan of action. Art wasn't holding back on his strength at all either.
Tenchi realized he would have to move after all. Art shuffled sideways to change
the direction of his attack. When Tenchi turned to face him, Art did to him what
Tenchi had done the night before, driving his hip into him as Tenchi made a
downwards strike. A thought flashed though Tenchi's head (He learns fast), but
instead of leaning back, Tenchi rolled. He flipped over backwards and landed in a
kneeling stance, just in time to block Arts downstroke. He quickly stood, at
the same time swiveling his blade around Arts to hold it down for an instant.
Art tried to stab forwards, but Tenchi shuffled sideways and spun backwards
as Art overextended himself, and brang his sword up against the back of Arts
neck. Ryoko felt like cheering, but didn't because she thought that isn't how
a Ninja would act. Art was not happy. His training had changed from learning
to be a better swordsman to trying to impress the woman sitting nearby. It
wasn't turning out too well. Tenchi was trying to figure out how Art could
have bested Ernesto. His technique wasn't quite as solid. Could it be just
the fact that Art was younger and stronger? Maybe. Of course, he hadn't
actually fought Ernesto in the same way. Tenchi decided that tomorrow, he
would try Art with Kendo. "Still over extending, remember, economy of motion."
Tenchi felt weird, talking like he was a teacher speaking to a pupil. Ryoko
felt that warm feeling again, watching Tenchi act so confidently and competently.
They started again, this time Tenchi fought purely on the defensive, trying to
practice the 'economy of motion' that he was preaching. He found that if he
didn't even try to make offensive hits, concentrating only on defense, he could
hold Art off all night. Tenchi smiled when he realized this. Art was beginning
to get tired. It was the classic battle of technique versus power. Art backed
off and the two circled each other. Art was trying to catch his breath, and
Tenchi was feeling his sore muscles starting to wear him down. Art suddenly
launched himself, pulling back at the last moment in an attempt to fool
Tenchi into expecting a full power strike. It was an elaborate feint that almost
worked. Quickly switching from a full power overhead strike to a side strike,
Art found his blade barely caught on Tenchi's near the handle. Tenchi then
dropped down in a crouch, spinning with his back up against Arts legs and raising
his sword to just barely poke him in the chin. Had it been a real swordfight,
Tenchi could have ran the blade into his brain. He stood back up, and Art bowed.
"Alright, where did I mess up tonight?" Art asked.

"Well, you overextended your strike earlier. I kind of forced you to though,
knowing you had a tendency. Instead of stabbing forward you should have
pulled back. Never let your opponent limit your options, it makes you more
predictable. Fight your own fight. The other thing? Well, you committed
yourself to forward motion, limiting your options again. You almost had me
there anyway."

"Well, I suppose we could move onto kata?" Art asked.

"Certainly. We'll do 'Dancing Eagle', it might help you with the overextension."

Ryoko was starting to get sore from sitting too long, and got up to follow along,
although she had that particular kata down pat already. After training, Art
invited them to join him for a late night snack.

In his dining room, "I must say I am very intrigued. Ninja Ryoko! Drop dead
gorgeous takes on a whole new meaning."

Ryoko usually enjoyed compliments, but not from this guy. It seemed as though
everything his said was calculated towards achieving something. She didn't
respond. Tenchi didn't like where this conversation was headed, so he tried
to change the subject. "What's the night life like around here? Anyplace
we can go out and party?"

Art considered the two in front of him, guessing both of them to be in their
late teens. "Well, not much you can do at your age around here, although in
the city, I could pull a few strings." Then he wondered at such incredible
skill in ones so young. He just had to get in good with them, there was so
much they could teach him.

Ryoko wondered how long she should stay before Aeka started tracking her down.
She began an inner debate as to how and if she should shorten her visit. She
was so lost in thought, she missed Arts question. "Um....Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.

"Huh?"

"Art just asked how long you would be staying."

"Um.....(Damn, I don't know)....ah, till Thursday?" She said looking at Tenchi,
who nodded, "Yeah right, Thursday."

Ryoko found a new love in her life that night.....chocolate ice cream. She damn
near ate a half-gallon, to Arts astonishment. She also had her first brain freeze.

Art bid them good night, and Ryoko and Tenchi cuddled together in front of the
entertainment center in his room. Tenchi looked through Arts extensive video
library until he found a ninja movie. The two lovers found themselves laughing
uproariously at "Revenge of the Ninja." About half way into it, they started
paying more attention to each other, the onscreen action forgotten.

***************************************************************************

 