The Everlasting Dream Series: Part Three: Two fer One
By The Unknown DJ

        "Sasami! Please put the knife down!" shouted Aeka. The horror of her
little sister's attempted suicide had frozen her completely. Sasami's
eyes stared blankly at the gleaming blade. "No, Sister. We must go. He
is calling us. He wants to tak  us away to a better place," said
Sasami, in a monotone.
        "No! Sasami, how can you say such things? We are in a good placing
right here," replied Aeka. Suddenly, Sasami lowered the knife away from
her heart and to her side. She stared at Aeka and then her eyes turned
from blue to a complete blood red. A big grin curled up on her mouth.
"I said we are going, you tramp! Now pick up the damn knife!" shouted
Sasami in voice strangely different from her usual one. It was a very
scratchy voice, as if a thousand crickets had climbed in her throat.
"You're not, Sasami!" screamed Aeka.
        "Nah, really. I thought I was the man from the freakin moon. Now
die,
so I can have your souls!" screamed the demon from inside of Sasami.
        "Why do you want me dead? What is it that my sister and I have that
you need so badly?" questioned Aeka. Sasami's arm raised the knife in
the air. "You should never have questioned me. Now, I kill her!"
        "Get out of her, you bastard!" yelled Aeka. With great speed, Aeka
took her knife and swung it at Sasami's body. Swoosh! Aeka barely
missed. "Let's rumble!" yelled the demon. Still inside of Sasami, the
demon turned the knife over like a sword. Then, it swung at Aeka. Tang!
Aeka quickly parried the attack and thrusted the sharp blade for an
attack. "AAAHHHHH!" A scream was heard. Not from the evil inside of
her, but from Sasami instead. "Oh no!" yelled a surprised Aeka,
realizing her mistake. Sasami's body dropped to the floor, with the
kitchen knife stuck in her arm. A green mist appeared around her body
and floated over to the hall.
Aeka hurried over to Sasami, hoping for the best. She turned Sasami
over, so she could check her arm more carefully. The knife had
completely pierced the little girl's arm and blood oozed out both
sides. That is when Aeka heard a low moan coming from her little
sister. Half-dazed, Sasami opened eyes and aooked at Aeka. "Sister, why
have you stabbed me?" she asked, in a pained, sleepy voice. In a few
seconds, Sasami blacked out again. "NOOOOO!"
"Forget about someone?" asked the scratchy voice. Aeka turned around to
see the unexpected. A young boy of about ten years old stood there with
a wide grin. His clothes were an old style that seemed to have come
from ancient times. Strangest of all, his skin was green. "Now you can
die by knife or by any other unnecessary violent means. Any questions?"
asked the boy.
"Apparently you don't know who you are dealing with. I am Princess
Aeka, from the system Jurai."
"Oh, but you seem rather mistaken. For I know perfectly well who you
are. What you must ask yourself is, who am I?" asked the boy. Small
flames appeared on the boy's fingertips and soon the boy held two
fireballs, one in each hand. The boy raised his arms up towards the
ceiling and then swung them towards Aeka. The two fireballs flew at her
with great speed. Aeka jumped to her right an on to the floor, as she
felt one of the fireball singe a small piece of her dress. She had had
enough of this little bastard's antics. Aeka quickly got up off the
floor and sneered at the little green boy. "I'm going to kill you, you
little shit!"
"Gee, that wasn't very princess like. Besides, you can't kill me. I
have lived since Ancient Persia, so I think I can out live your weak
attacks. Hey, what is that noise?" Suddenly, the boy and Aeka could
both hear it, the noise of a melody playing outside of the house on a
single banjo. "NOOOOO! You weren't supposed to come now! Go away!"
yelled the boy, who had become quickly distressed. The front door of
the Masaki house swung opened and in came an old man, playing a banjo
as he slowly walked towards the boy. "Go away, Haiku! You weren't
supposed to find me. Stop playing the music!"
"Into the banjo right away, or else I will have to play," said Haiku.
"NO! You can never catch me!" The boy levitated off the ground and
began to fly towards the door. The old man lifted his hand in the air
and brought it down quickly on the banjo strings. Twang! The boy fell
to the ground and screamed. Through all of this, Aeka stood watching in
confusion. Was this the man Tenchi had been talking about, she
wondered. The old man lifted his hand again and quickly struck the
strings. "Stop!" the boy yelled, in an intense pain.
"Then get in, you hopeless jinn," said Haiku.
"Fine! I'll get in the damn banjo!" Aeka stared in amazement as the
boy, obediently floated over to the old man. Then, as if a vacuum was
sucking him in, the boy disappeared into the banjo. "The searching is
over, high and low. For now I am done and I must go!" said Haiku. He
slung the banjo over his back and began to walk away. "Wait," said
Aeka, "Where you going? What happened? Can't you tell me?"
"No, I must go." A black mist once again circled the man and Aeka felt
her lungs fill with smoke. With all the excitement, Aeka just couldn't
stay alert. She slowly moved herself to the floor and began to let
herself drift off to a dreamless sleep.

"What the? Who? What happened?!" yelled a surprised Tenchi. Aeka lay on
the floor asleep and Sasami was also unconscious, except she had a
knife in her left arm. "Washu! Get out here now! Fast!" The lab door
opened and out came a sleepy Washu. She walked slowly into the kitchen.
"What is it?" That is when she noticed Sasami on the floor. "Oh God!
Quick, Tenchi. We must get them to the lab!" exclaimed Washu.

About twenty minutes later, Washu had results. "It appears that Sasami
and Aeka had some sort of encounter with a strange being last night."
"What was it?" asked the eager Tenchi.
"Well again, my computer showed no extra living activity within our
vicinity. However, the knife that was in Sasami's arm was not self
inflicted and, in her sleep, Aeka has mumbled about something called,
"Haiku." I find this most strange."
"Haiku! That was the man I saw on the way home from school. I told you
he was real."
"Well, if that is the case, then the man you talk of must have been an
apparition.  To add to the whole dilemma, My computer has picked up
that there was too much energy being used for only one apparition.
There had to be another source," explained Washu, who began to ponder.
"So you are telling me that the man I passed on the street was a
ghost?" Tenchi's face began to get extremely pale. He had never
actually believed in ghosts and he never suspected that he could have
ever seen one. "Tenchi, what you saw was an apparition, but there is
nothing to worry about. Right now, we must try to find out about that
other source." Bleep. Bleep. Washu turned to Sasami's bed as the life
support system began to make noises. "Well, Tenchi. I am sure, Sasami
will be able to tell us in a second."

She was in a nice and soft area. That is all she could identify. She
felt a faint return of life in her, as if all she had done for the last
week was sleep. She remembered getting Ryo-oh-ki a carrot, but nothing
else seemed to pop into her mind. Had she just dozed off while at the
refrigerator bin? No, thought Sasami, I would feel pain, because I
would have fallen. Plus, this place is much too soft to be the kitchen
floor.
Then, it all began to come back to her and she began to remember the
last night. She had gotten up to get something to eat when all of a
sudden that thing had appeared. That evil which come inside of her. It
had told her to take her life, so she could give her power to another.
It had also wanted to take Aeka's power to. It was a source of life
like no other. A creation that humans had said never really existed,
yet it had been there.
Then, it had cursed at Aeka through her own lips. Why had it wanted to
take them? What is so special about two girls that had spent the last
couple of months away from the system of Jurai? Sasami…Sasami… "Who is
there?" asked the young princess.
It is I, Sasami. I…
"Tsunami? Is that you? I can't see you. Why aren't you visible and why
are you whispering?"
That does not matter right now. Just remember your heritage and your
role.
"Wait! Where you the one who called me? Don't go, please tell me."
Yes, but remember the importance of your role and heritage. The demon
was after you and your sister's role. Always protect it, for it is what
makes. The entity was after the power held by you and your sister...
"Yes, but what role do you speak of?"
You are my successor. ENDZ

Not To be Continued…

All characters copyrights by AIC/Pioneer Entertainment except the green
skinned boy who shall remain nameless and Haiku. Most likely this is
the first and last time you will ever here of them.
Well that is the end of my first series and stories. There will be more
in the future. All comments and crap send to
TheunknownDjendz@yahoo.com. Soon to come will be some more stories,
poems, ands possibly music WAVs. Bye

"Maybe life is like a ride on the freeway, dodging bullets while you're
trying to find your way."

        Dexter Holland, The Offspring