Chapter 13

A cool breeze blew across the sunbleached rooftops.  It was not refreshing however,
as it was loaded with fine dust.  Sergeant First Class Lewis cursed the dust silently,
as he took out a brush and cleaned off the action of his rifle for the umpteenth time.
It wasn't much longer until the sky would begin to get lighter.

"What time were they are supposed to arrive?" he asked his spotter.

Jeff, the younger man whispered back,"They should be here now.  They're running a bit
late, or our intel was bad."

"Alright, if they don't show within half an hour, we abort.  Gotta be outta here by
sunrise."

The two men continued to watch silently.  The deadline to extract was almost upon them
when the sound of a vehicle in the distance reached their ears.  The spotter swung his
scope to watch the approach of the beige Toyoto Landcruiser.  "There!"

The sniper shifted his body so his rifle was aligned with the approaching target.  At
that moment, another vehicle appeared from another direction.

"Two?  Which one then?" asked the sniper.

"Don't know, could be either."

Both vehicles pulled up in front of a cluster of buildings three hundred yards away,
and the spotter eyed the 12 individuals as they made their way inside, "Damn, they are
all hooded.  Can't make out any faces."  He pointed his scope at the upstairs window,
and the men could be made out in the darkness, thanks to his scopes night vision
capability.  "Alright, I can see them...........but unable to make positive i.d. of
target."

"Damn" whispered the sniper.

"Do we abort then?"

The sniper thought for a moment before answering, "Change of plan, Jeff"

"I hate it when you say that!"  Whined the spotter.

The sniper grinned and started shedding unnecessary gear.  "Isn't this what you
signed up for?"  He slid his body over and indicated to his parter that he should
assume the post at the rifle.

"Well, since you put it that way......"  The spotted grinned as he crawled over to
take the place of the sniper.

"Okay, simple plan.  Typical hunting technique.  I flush 'em, you bag 'em."

At this point Sergeant Lewis had only two items of equipment left on him.  Strapped
to his leg was a standard issue 9mm Beretta pistol, except for the fact it had an
extended threaded barrel.  Slung across his back was a piece of gear that was anything
but standard.

"and if I don't make it back....."

".....get to the extraction point."  finished the spotter.

"Good Hunting!"  said the sniper with a grin as he disappeared over the edge of the roof.

The spotter tracked his progress across the flat terrain.  The sniper used speed instead
of the usual slow stealth, dashing from cover to cover and pausing to see if he'd been
spotted.  Using buildings and vehicles and whatever else, he made his way to the entrance
of the target building.  Pausing behind a truck about thirty yards from his destination,
he pulled out his pistol and screwed a silencer onto the end.  There were two guards by
the door, and he took careful aim at one.  He whispered silently through his handsfree
radio set to his spotter, "Standby, I'm going in."

He fired twice quickly, taking down both guards.  As he ran towards the doorway, he flipped
his night vision goggles down in front of his face.  Noticing a stairway just inside, he
quietly made his way to the top.  Soon he stood before the doorway.  Closing his eyes for a
moment, he took several slow, deep breaths.  In through the nose, and out though the mouth,
focusing, contemplating.

This was a crucial mission.  His target was until recently a little know terrorist, who had
just made a name for himself by blowing up a U.S. Embassy in Africa.  The boys at intel had
intercepted a few cell phone calls, and along with intel gathered from other sources, found
out that the meeting tonight was to arrange some kind of attack on America.  He didn't want
to let this one get away.

Slowly, Sergeant Lewis reached over his shoulder, and drew his custom made katana.  He worked
closely with the factory engineers at a Cold Steel to produce this baby.  The blade was done in
a flat black finish, and the handle was done with a cross hatched rubber coating.  He slowly
opened his eyes, switched his sword to his left hand, then exploded into action.

Kicking in the door, he leapt into the middle of the room.  As he dropped into a crouch, he
fired off several shots at the ones who were armed.  A few made it out the door before he
turned to shoot the others headed that way.  The pistol fired it's final shot as he dropped
it and grabbed his katana in both hands.

Four had made it out the door and the first two ran outside, only to be picked off by the
spotter.  The other two stayed just inside the doorway.

Muhammad Hawari (the target) and his lieutenant had run from the room the instant the
attacker leapt into the room, and then watched as two of their brethren were felled
by the distant sniper.  Muhammad fancied himself as one of the ancient desert warriors
of the Almoravid, and carried a fine scimitar of Damascus steel with him wherever he
went.  He listened upstairs as the gunshots ceased, but the sounds of struggle had not.
He smiled as he drew his sword and started up the stairs.  He thought he was about to
live out an old fanatsy of his - felling an infidel with his priceless antique blade.

The scene upstairs was one of carnage.  Sergeant Lewis tore a piece of cloth from one
of the fallen, and began wiping his blade to remove the blood.  He turned as he heard
the sound of footsteps quietly ascending the stairs.  Quickly finding his pistol, he
inserted a fresh magazine and stood ready.

Muhammad found himself face to face with the barrel of a 9mm and steeled himself......
for the shot that never came.  "So, swine, you wish to capture me?  Bring me to your
infidel masters?"

>From the massive silhouette of the sniper, a chesire cat grin appeared.  "If you are
volunteering.  Sure."

Spotting the wicked looking sword in his enemy's other hand he had an idea, "Are you
man enough to face me with your blade, or will you hide behind your cowards weapon?"

"Man enough?  Coward?  Pretty big words from someone who sits in safety and sends
young naive boys to do the missions he himself doesn't have the balls to do."

Muhammad just stared back in fury.

"I'll tell you what, you want this chance so bad........"

Sergeant Lewis pressed the button on the side of his pistol, and the magazine dropped
to the floor.  Taking a few steps back, he rested his sword against his leg so that he
could eject the round from the chamber.  Then taking up his sword in his right hand,
he said, ".....give it your best shot."

Grasping at this desperate chance, Muhammad attacked.  The sniper parried his several
strikes easily, then landed a powerful punch to the terrorists nose.  Reeling back,
Muhammad looked at him in rage.  "If you cannot defeat me with sword alone, why even
bother attempting to act with honor pig!"

"Honor?  If that is your idea of honor, then blade alone it shall be."

The sniper attacked again, but he wasn't restaining his great strength any longer.  He
took one mighty swipe, easily batting away his opponents attempt to parry, and on the
backswing sliced a 1/2 inch deep horizontal gash across his nose.

Muhammad was very afraid now, as he realized that the foreigner was simply toying with
him.  Blood streamed down his face from his nose, and he wondered if he should continue
the fight or take his chances outside.

The spotter watched the fight through the scope on the rifle, and didn't see as the
lieutenant retrieved an assault rifle from one of the fallen guards at the building
entrance.

The terrorist had decided to keep fighting after all.  He now sported several gashes
across his face, chest, and arms.  Fear and anger warred in his head, and it was anger
that won.  "Why don't you just finish me, you evil infidel!"

"Because those like you do not deserve a quick death."

Muhammad turned white at this, wondering how long this would continue.  Then deciding
he had nothing to lose, he attacked with all of his remaining energy.  The sniper
just beat him back easily, and as he retreated backwards he tripped on one of his
fallen comrades.  As he fell backwards the sniper came face to face with the barrel
of an AK-47 in the hands of the lieutenant - whose head exploded as the spotter fired
off a shot.   "Thanks,"  the sniper said into his throat microphone.

"Finishing your little game so we can get the hell outta here will be thanks enough!"
Came the reply into his earphone.

"Okay."

Rising to his feet, the terrorist held his blade before him at the ready.  The sniper
faced him, blade held high above his head in both hands.  Muhammad rushed him, aiming
his sword at the seemingly unprotected midsection of his adversary.  Sergeant Lewis
waited until the right moment, then brought his sword down with all his considerable
strength.  The scimitar clattered noisily to the floor, dropped from stunned fingers.
The sniper then spun to his right, removing Muhammads head with a backhand strike.

"Mission accomplished, we're outta here!  Meet me at the extraction point."

Sergeant Lewis laughed as he watched Jeff stagger up to him carrying all of the gear.
Sweating profusely he dropped it to the ground and both men began rigging the equipment
for their departure.  The sound of rotors could be heard in the distance, and the
spotted pulled out a red smoke grenade and threw it just downwind of their position.

Once onboard the chopper and well on their way, the spotter said, "One of these days,
your 'unconventional' methods are gonna get us in trouble."

"What would you have had me do?  If I'd of started picking them off through the
window at random, I might have missed the target and let him get away.  Failure
wasn't an option on this mission.  Why else do you think they sent us?"


"I guess you're right Nate.  Say, aren't you taking some leave time when we get back?"

"Yep, about a week."

"Going anywhere special?"

"Nope, just hanging out around base."

"Just hanging out?"

"Well, I'll be doing some sword training with a visitor from Japan."

"You and that damn sword Nate, I swear......."


**********************************************************************************

Aeka went downstairs to help her sister out setting up breakfast.  As she entered the
kitchen, she was greeted by the sight of an adult Washuu cooking side by side with
Sasami.  "Oh, good morning Lit....um, Miss Washuu."  The scientist smiled at the
confusion of the princess.  "Well, I stopped by to help, but I see you have plenty.."

Sasami looked at her sister, who seemed a little depressed, "Could you set the table
for me and then round everyone up?"

"Alright Sasami."  She said, a little cheered.

Aeka had been a little off since dinner the night before.  Washuu changed her 'car'
into the roomiest one in it's database and treated them all to a night out at the
best restaurant in town.  Everyone had been laughing and joking, except Aeka.  She
had been lost in thought.  Washuu noticed this, as well as Yosho.  Both hoped she
wouldn't put two and two together with Ryoko gone.  They needn't have worried about
that.  Aeka simply missed Tenchi, and even though she would never admit it, she
missed Ryoko (just a little bit.)  Things had been just too peaceful and quiet. She
had become used to their life at the Masaki household.  Even though the three of
them mixed together was a volatile combination, Ryoko and Tenchi were the only ones
she felt really understood her.  Ironically, it seemed that sometimes Ryoko understood
her better than Tenchi did.  One thing confusing her was the upcoming weekend outing.
She was a little worried about Sasami, being left out.  She would be left behind with
her brother and Noboyuki.  Yosho had told Aeka not to worry about the prisoner, he
would tend to him while they were gone.  She also had her conversation by the lake
with her brother bothering her, then her thoughts turned to Joey.  She resolved to
herself to call him tomorrow, just to check on Ryoko of course.

After breakfast, Yosho caught up with Washuu before she disappeared into her lab.
"If you have a free moment, there is something I'd like to discuss......"

"Oh, you don't have to ask, just grab me whevever you need me....."

Yosho coughed into his hand, "Ahem....well, it concerns Mihoshi."

Washuu became serious then, "Step into my lab...."

(Or parlour, said the spider to the fly.)  Yosho thought as he followed her down
the steps.

They were soon walking through a part of the lab that resembled one of those indoor
gardens inside one of the big shopping malls.  "So, what can I do for you."

"I've begun working with Mihoshi, using some ancient techniques........."

"Oh, I didn't know you went for blondes......"

"Ahem.....well, using a combination of hypnosis and acupuncture, I've made some
progress with her 'issues.'  I think I could get further if I had more information
to go on, but Mihoshi doesn't seem too willing to talk about her past."

"Yes, I've run into the same problem myself.  What do you have in mind?"

"Well, I was wondering if it would be possible for you to obtain information from
the Galaxy Police database."

"Lord Yosho!  I'd have never thought you would even consider something like that!"

"To help Mihoshi, there is very little I wouldn't do.  So, can you accomplish this?"

"Of course, it's nothing for the Universes Greatest Sci......"

"...Scientific Genius, yes, yes I know.  Thank You Miss Washuu."

"Oh, just call me Washuu."


Katsuhito sought Mihoshi out again, finding her in the usual spot by the lake.  "Ah,
there you are.  Do you have any free time this morning Mihoshi?"


She sat up and removed her sunglasses, "Well, let me think........oh, I'm on vacation
aren't I?  I suppose, why?"

"I would like to do another session with you, if it's alright."

Mihoshi thought back to the last session, not remembering anything but how good she
felt afterwards.  "Sure, I'll walk up with you."  she said, standing up and grabbing
her towel.




Washuu was digging into the subspace network (the universes equivalent of the internet),
looking for GP message traffic.  She tagged a packet of info and followed it to a node.

"Ah ha!  Here we go!"  She cracked her knuckles and started typing furiously.  Thirty
seconds later:

DING

"I'm in, now, let's see what there is to see!"

Running around in the database, she quickly located the personnel files, and with a bit
more seaching found the dossier of Mihoshi Kuramitsu.  What she began to read startled
her.  GP academy, graduated top honors, head of her class.  Martial arts team Captain,
won numerous tournaments.  Top Marksman, best shot the Academy had ever seen.  Glowing
reports from her instructors praising her to high heaven.  "So, she kicked ass in school,
how about the real world?"

Washuu read on.  Mihoshi's initial service record was outstanding as well.  She was the
youngest GP officer ever to receive the Medal of Valor, their highest award.  She read
case after case where Mihoshi solved many crimes and caught many bad guys.  She also
saved many lives.  Washuu became skeptical of all this when she found out who her
grandfather was.  Then she hit a wall.  There was a case that Mihoshi was on, and the
files were sealed.  Washuu tried cracking the encryption, but all her efforts failed.
Then she realized, "Hey, I wrote that encryption program!  No wonder I can't break it."
Giving up, knowing her creations were perfect, she moved past the incident to the rest
of Mihoshi's career - which had taken a turn for the worst.  (This is the Mihoshi I
know!)  Terrible performance reviews had taken the place of commendations.  Failed
cases replaced her formerly glowing arrest record.  Simply put, her performance stunk.
(What the hell happened to her?)




At the shrine, Yosho had Mihoshi relax again and repeated his procedure of burning the
incense mixture and inserting the needles.  He rapidly brought her under.  Yosho
had decided not to dig too deep today, just try to get under the surface just a little.


"Mihoshi"

"Yes?"

"I want you to think back to before you came to Earth."

"I was sent by my boss to capture Kagato."

Katsuhito considered this for a moment, (They sent her alone to get Kagato?  Did they
want to get rid of her that bad?)

"So he ordered you to get Kagato all by yourself?"

Mihoshi became slightly agitated, "Well, he said to find him and......"

"Perhaps he only wanted you to find Kagato, and report?"

"Well, he might have meant that...."

(She heard what she wanted to hear.  She must have known Kagato was extremely dangerous,
why would she want to take on such an impossible mission alone?)

"Mihoshi, why would you want to capture Kagato?"

"To prove myself."

"Prove what, Mihoshi?"

"That I am a capable officer!"

"Why do you need to prove that?"

Mihoshi became more upset, "To make up.......to make up for...."

He didn't want to stress her out anymore, so he decided to bring her out, "Mihoshi, you
are back home.  It is a beautiful day outside.  There is a light breeze and the sun is
shining.  You are feeling happy and carefree."

"Wheeeee!"

"Where are you now?"

"Home, on a swing!  Tenchi is pushing me, and Ryo-Ohki is swinging next to me."

Katsuhito smiled at the image.  "Alright Mihoshi, I'm going to count to three, and
clap my hands twice.  Then you will wake up, feeling very rested and refreshed."


"1....2....3"

CLAP CLAP

"Hello Grandfather, what am I.......oh, you did it again didn't you?"

"Yes, how do you feel."

"Hmm....Great!  But I'm hungry!"

"Care to walk with me to the house? I would enjoy some lunch as well."



After lunch, Washuu revealed her findings to Yosho as Aeka dug up Joey and Gregs
number so she could check on their well being, (I hope she hasn't blown up their
place!)


**********************************************************************************


It was about one o'clock in the morning local time.  Ryoko phased out of bed so as not
to disturb her exhausted Tenchi.  Her efforts were wasted because she could have jumped
up and down on him screaming and he wouldn't have stirred.  Phasing into her outfit
with the yellow stripes and tail, she walked to the window and stared out at the stars.
(Come to me Ryo-Ohki) she mentally projected.  Far away in Okayama, a brown furry
bundle rolled off of Sasami's futon and phased through the wall to the outside before
flying into the air, transforming.  (About fifteen minutes) Ryoko thought as she walked
over to the bed, smiling down at her love.  She hated leaving, but it was for the best.
Mostly to allay any suspicions Aeka may be forming, but also because she was distracting
Tenchi from his training.  She saw how her influence had slowed him down in his matches
with Art, and the next one he had to spar with would be even better.  She was also not
comfortable around Art.  Something about him just bothered her, call it womens intuition.
Leaning over, she placed a gentle kiss on Tenchi's lips and whispered softly into his
ear, "See you later lover."  Tenchi stirred slightly and smiled in his sleep.  Ryoko
sighed and phased away to a spot thousands of feet overhead to rendezvous with her pet.

Streaking off into the night sky, she disappeared without a trace.  Not a radar, camera,
or motion sensor tracked her departure.  Zooming along, she figured she would give Joey
and Greg a call, but how.   (Mom?)

(Yes, little Ryoko?)

(Um....I want to make a phone call, can you help?)

A screen appeared on the bridge of Ryo-Ohki with Washuu on it.

"Sure, I can patch it into your comm unit from here, just give me the number."

Ryoko gave her the number, and waited as the phone rang.

"Hello?"

"Joey hey!  It's me Ryoko."

"Oh hey, what's up?"

"You busy at the moment?"

"No, we're done for the day.  Early classes only on Thursday."

"Mind if I come over?"

"Uh....."  Joey looked around the messy apartment he shared with Greg, who was
passed out on the couch.  He was out late the night before, and collapsed after
work,".......sure.  Is Aeka with you?"

"Nope."

"Oh,"  He sounded disappointed.

"But we'll be by with her on Saturday, remember?"

"Yeah, um okay."

"Well, can you tell me where you live so I can find you?"

"Sure....."  He gave her the info, and Washuu uploaded telemetry to Ryo-Ohki so
they could fly right there.

"When do you think you'll be here?"  Joey asked.

"About five minutes."  Washuu answered in Ryoko's voice.

(Mom!)

"Okay, see you soon!"  Joey said in a strained voice as he quickly hung up and began
to furiously straighten up the apartment, shouting at Greg.  "Get up!  GET UP!"
Greg stirred and pulled a pillow over his head to shut out the commotion.

"Ryoko's coming!"

Greg jumped up suddenly and joined him in the frantic cleaning job.  Greg was shoving
things under the couch and into the closet while Joey ran to the kitchen and started
putting dirty dishes into their broken dishwasher.  He was halfway into vacuuming when
there was a knock at the door.

"Oh, shit!"  they sounded off simultaneously.  "I'll get the door," Joey said, "and I'll
stall her while you finish up!"

He was about to open the door when he realized he was only wearing a pair of shorts.
"I'll be just a moment!"  He yelled, finding his shirt stuck in the closet door.
When he opened the door several items spilled out, along with his shirt.  He quickly
put it on and shoved the rest back in.  Ryoko knocked again, "Oh, Joey-eeeeee!"

"I'll be right there!"

He rushed to the door and opened it about six inches, peering out.  "Hello Ryoko."

"Hiya!  What're you guys up to?"

"Oh, just lounging around relaxing.  What are you doing around here?"

"Well, I just happened to be in the area and figured I'd drop by."

Just then the phone began ringing.

"Oh, let me get that, be right back!"  He said as he slammed the door.

"Hey!"  shouted Ryoko, making Joey wince.

"Hello?"

"Hello, Joey?"

Recognizing her voice, Joey's mood instantly improved,"Aeka?"

Smiling that he remembered her, she said, "I was just calling to say hello, and
to check up on Ryoko.  She's not being too much of a pain to you two is she?"

Looking at Greg finish shoving some items into another closet, he smiled, "Oh,
no problem, no trouble at all."

"Well, that is a relief.  You don't know how mischievous she can be."

"Say, Aeka, we're still on for Saturday, right?"

"Oh.....yes of course.  I'm looking forward to it."

"Great, it's all I've been thinking about lately."

"Oh,"  Aeka blushed slightly "Joey, may I speak to Ryoko please?"

"Certainly, hold on just a minute?"

Joey took the cordless phone with him and pulled the door open a little, "Here,
it's for you."  Ryoko took the phone and Joey closed the door again so he could
finish vacuuming.  Looking at the door and the phone strangely, she said, "Hello?"

"well, well.  I see you have found a new place to hide from doing chores."

"Aeka?"

"Yes.  I don't appreciate the way you just took off.  Poor Sasami is upset that you
left without saying goodbye, or even that you were leaving.  None of us knew that
you had even gone away until we noticed you missed a couple meals.  We had to hear
of your trip second hand through Mihoshi, and even she wasn't sure.  It isn't fair
of you to worry people like that."

The part that got Ryoko was Sasami being upset.  But it almost seemed as if Aeka
herself was worried,"Sorry to have worried you, princess."

"Don't apologize to me, pirate.  I could care less."

"You aren't fooling anyone you know."

"When you will be returning so I can tell my sister to make her feel better?"

"Oh.....late tonight or tomorrow morning.  I'm gonna hang out with these guys for a
while yet."

"Very well, but I'm warning you, Mihoshi and even Washuu are looking forward to this
weekend......."

"Washuu?"

"Yes, she is going along as well."

(Oh, wonderful)

W: <I Heard that!>

R: <Seriously, who parties with their own mom?>

W: <You will, and for the weekend you can go back to calling me Washuu>


"Ryoko?"

"Oh, sorry about that.  I was distracted.  You were saying?"

"Oh, yes.  Don't mess things up for us by wearing out our welcome with them."

"Oh don't worry, I won't.  Joey just LOVES having me, here!"

"OOOOOH!  You are incorrigible!"

"I'm just kidding, jeeze!"

"Very well,  we will expect to see you in the morning then."

CLICK

(Hmmmm...that was a close call!)  Ryoko thought as she looked at the phone curiously,
then stopped herself as she realized she was getting ready to phase through the door
(Oh, yeah.  That would go over really well.  I have to start being more careful.)

Joey finally opened the door, apologizing  "Sorry about that, had a few things to take
care of......."

"Yeah, like cleaning up in a hurry....."  Ryoko laughed at Joey's expression.  "I
wonder would would happen if I opened this....."  She said, indicating the closet
door.

"No, don't!" Joey yelled as she reached for the knob.  Ryoko snickered, pulling her
hand back.

"I'm just messing with you, calm down.  So what are you guys up to tonight?"

"I'm not going anywhere."  Was Gregs response.  From the way he looked it was
understandable.

"I didn't have any plans either."  said Joey.

"Well, that's okay.  I'm a little tired myself.  So, was that the first time Aeka
called here?"

"Yes, to check up on you she said."

"Well, that's good.  Is it alright if I hang out here for a while?"

"Please, as long as you like."  said a bleary eyed Greg.

"Of course, but you'll probably be bored." said Joey.

"After the last couple days, I can handle a little boredom guys."  Ryoko said with a
slight smile.  "I'd be okay with some take-out and a movie rental.  My treat!"

Both guys seemed okay with that, so Ryoko plopped down on the couch making herself
comfortable.  This action also caused a few items to slide out from underneath.

Sitting next to her, while surreptitiously kicking the offending mess back in place,
Joey asked "So what brings you way out here?"

"Well.......I need a favor from you guys.  First I need to give you some background."

Ryoko began the long story of the relationship between her, Aeka, and Tenchi. Slightly
modified of course.  "Me and Aeka just got off on the wrong foot at first.  She blamed
me for losing the man she loved, but it wasn't really my fault.  Really long story guys,
some other time.  Then we met Tenchi.  It wasn't fair, since I saw him first, but we
both kinda fell for him.  We fought alot, and I don't mean just yelling.  This went on
for a long time, until Tenchi went on a trip this summer....."

"Where'd he go?" asked Joey.

"Hold on, I'm getting to that!  Tenchi's grandfather is a big time martial arts guy, and
has been training him since he was little.  Now he's sending him around the world to
meet a bunch of really good sword masters to help him get better."

"That sounds really cool, I'd love a chance like that."  said Joey.

"You've trained with swords?"

"Yep, four years now!"

"Well, Tenchi's been training since he was about eight years old I think.  Anyway, like I
was saying Tenchi went on his trip, but right before he left I think he must have made
up his mind.  We're kind of an item now, but Aeka doesn't know yet.  Tenchi wanted to tell
her in person, but he won't be back till the end of summer, so we are kinda keeping it
secret until then."

"So what's the favor?"  Greg asked.

"I was getting to that.  I've been with Tenchi the last three days, and I need an alibi..."

"So you want us to lie for you?"  Joey asked.

"Well, not exactly lie......you just have to confirm that I hung out with you guys a while.
I don't think it will involve an interrogation"  A sudden memory flashed before her eyes,
of hanging upside down being shocked with the Master Key.

"Well, hopefully not." she amended.

"I guess we can handle that."  said Greg.

"Alright, but I don't like lying to Aeka."  said Joey.

"Think of it as protecting her feelings, Joey."

"Well, since you put it that way........"

"So, Joey, you like her?"  Ryoko asked conspiratorially.

"Oh yeah, he's got it bad!"  ribbed Greg.

Ryoko perked up, "Well then, I guess I'm your new best friend!"

"How's that?"  Joey asked suspiciously.

"I'm gonna fix you up with her!"  Ryoko sang.

Joey just stared, unbelieving.  Then he said, "So what about Tenchi?"

"Tenchi's mine, or weren't you paying attention?"

"But she doesn't know, and still loves him."

"Is she worth waiting the summer for Joey?"

He answered without hesitation, "I'd wait years."

"Right answer.  Just trust me, okay?"

"I guess so."

"And next time, don't worry about 'cleaning up' for my sake.  Aeka on the other hand....."


**************************************************************************



Tenchi woke up a little after noon.  The first thing he noticed was the absence of
a certain ex-space pirate.  He had known she was going to leave, and her words at
the airport echoed through his memory (I'm not very good at saying goodbye.......)
She had closed all the curtains while he slept so the morning sun wouldn't wake him.
He got up and soaked in the bath for a while before venturing out into the mansion.
Rei ans Emi had pretty much disappeared since Ryoko's arrival, and he wondered if
they would pop up again.  Hungry, he made his way towards the dining area.  Nothing
had been made, so a quick call to Alan on a nearby phone resulted in an excellent
meal in fifteen minutes flat.  After the antics yesterday, he decided to take that
ride around the estate on motorcycles without having to chase his girl down.  Alan
met him at the garage.  "So, where is the young lady today, Tenchi?"

(Yeah, young in some ways, old in others)  "She headed home, things to do you know."

(How does she do that?) Alan thought, having heard the story of her arrival.  Now
the story of her sercet departure.  Of course, all the staff had heard the rumor
that she was a ninja.

"I see.  Ready?"

They put on the riding equipment, then took a nice leisurely ride around the edge of
the woods, occasionally taking a trail through the trees.  Tenchi enjoyed the ride
very much.  He wouldn't get to drive back home until he graduated High School, so
he figured he'd have his chance now.

On trip around the area was enough for one day, considering the training ahead and
the night before.

Tenchi rested and meditated until Art's evening arrival.  He was waiting for him in
the training room when the sound of the helicopter indicated his return.  Art had
meditated on the helicopter to save time.  He wasn't using it to prepare for the
evening of sword play, however.

"So Tenchi, do we train with Kendo again?"  Art smiled, knowing that he was better
in the cumbersome armor.

"Well, I'd rather we work with bokken today.  In order for you to grow as a swordsman,
you have to change things up more."

"Very well."

Once Art was in his training attire, they faced off and began circling.  Art was going
to try and take Tenchi's advice today, and work on his so called 'economy of motion.'
Art attacked first, and Tenchi stayed on the defensive, using the tactic that had
worked so far.  He saw that Art was trying to use more technique in his form than
brute strength, so he held back when several openings in his guard presented themselves.
(No sense in discouraging him.  How many years did Grandpa hold back on me now?)  Art's
technique needed a little more refinement, so instead of giving him a good wallop, Tenchi
called a time-out.  "Alright Art, I want to show you something.  It's a way of putting
a great deal of power into your strikes.  First we'll work on your downstrikes.  Now
remember, the power shouldn't come from your arms."

"I know, I know.  'Our strength is rooted in the Earth'"

"So you can retice it, but do you know what it means?  You are very strong Art, but you
have to remember - you must use your legs more than your arms."

"Well, I know that the more powerful strike is generated when you step forward......."

"Yes, exactly!  Your body is like a whip, or a bow.  You have to use it all, or else
your arms will tire too quickly, no matter how much strength you have.  In fact, when
your technique is perfected, you use almost no arm strength at all."

"Well.......show me."

They stood side by side, "Now, think of your forearms as an extension of your sword."

"Okay."

"Now, your elbows become your hands, gripping the bottom of the extended sword."

"Alright."

"Now face me, and strike.  I will block, and I want you to feel the extra power you
are generating now."

After a few downstokes, Tenchi felt the power increase in Art's form, and noticed the
bigger man smiling.

"Do you see now?"

"Yes, yes I do.  That's quite a trick."

"And that's just the beginning.  The same technique applies back at your shoulders, and
all the the way to the ground.  Since your legs are the most powerful, logically the
swing should begin there."

Tenchi worked with Art for the next hour, improving his power greatly.  Art was very
happy, as he had heard of this before, and some had even tried to teach him, but the
way Tenchi explained it made it all come together for him.  (Now I've got a better
shot at beating Nate.  Even though he is so damn strong, this should make me a better
match for him.)  Art thought with a smile.

"Well, it seems as though you have a good grasp of this, let's move onto side strikes.
You really have to get your hips into those......."  Tenchi spent another hour teaching
Art the way to adapt his newfound power into side and diagonal strikes.  Then he spent
another hour showing him how to apply it to blocks.  Art was very excited about learning
this new skill and Tenchi was happy that he was able to teach it successfully.  It was
after 10 o'clock that Art reluctantly called a halt.

"Tenchi, I'm starved, and have to get up early tomorrow.  Join me for a late dinner?"

He agreed and soon they were changed and in the customary dining area.

"So where is Ryoko today?"

"Um.....she left last night."

Disappointed sounding, "Oh, I thought perhaps she would have had an answer for me."

"Well, to tell you the truth, before I could even consider your offer myself, I have
to finish High School."

(Damn, only in High School!  He's going to be so much better in a few years.)

"Also, Ryoko wouldn't want to be working around here if I wasn't with her, so she
will not have an answer for you until I do."

"I see.  Tenchi, may I be blunt?"

"Of course."  (Uh oh, what's up now.)

"I am a swordsman, if nothing else.  All this," he indicated the house around them, "is
secondary to that.  I have given up millions in order to pursue the goal of increasing
my skill.  I have trained with many of Japan's greatest sword masters.  But what they
couldn't teach me in a span of years, you have just shown me in a few hours.  You have
a way of opening my eyes, a teaching style I respond to.  What would it take for you to
remain here until the end of summer, training me?  Name your price."

The crown prince of the mightiest Empire in the Galaxy looked across at table at his host,
wondering how to respond without offending him.

"Art, I have commitments to keep.  There are eight more out there who are expecting me
to show them the same courtesy I have shown you."

"Driving a hard bargain, are we?"

"It's not about money Art.  I am making this trip for a reason, meeting people like you
in order to increase my skill, not my bank account."

"Are you quite sure?  I could pay you enough that you wouldn't have to finish school, you
wouldn't have to work again a day in your life!"

"It is a generous offer, I agree.  But I cannot accept."

Art was exasperated, (is he wealthy already?) but kept his cool.  "Very well.  You do as
you must.  Just remember, the offer still stands, whenever you are ready to accept it."

"Thank you for understanding, Art."

(Well, I don't understand.  This or the other matter.....)  "I suppose Ryoko used her
'special skills' when departing last night."

"Well, I don't even know exactly when she left, or how."

"That's another matter I'm curious about Tenchi.  You both seem so young, and in quite a
serious relationship considering your age."  (And how long will it last?)  Art thought.

"well, Ryoko and I have alot of history together.  It's a long story."

Taking that as the customary sign of ending that line of discussion, Art decided to turn
in for the night.  "Well, please don't forget my offer.  Good night, see you tomorrow
evening."

Tenchi said good night and lingered a while longer, as he was hungrier than usual.  When
he finally went to bed for the evening, he fell into a very deep sleep.


*****************************************************************************

Sasami made her way down the steps in the morning to make breakfast.  On the way,
she heard noises coming from the kitchen.  As she entered, she was suprised to see
Ryoko well into the preparation of the morning meal.  What suprised her the most
was the fact that there were two of her.

"Good Morning Sasami!"  They sang in unison.  Ryoko #1 continued the preparations
while #2 scooped the little girl up in her arms, "You just relax this morning
kiddo!"  She carried her in to the couch, setting her down.  Kneeling in front of
her she said, "Sasami, I'm sorry I took off like that without saying anything.  I'm
going to make it up to you though, okay!"

Sasami smiled up at her friend, "It's okay Ryoko, you don't have to!  I just missed
you mostly.  I'm glad you're back!"

"Well, you relax anyway.  Let me handle this, think of it as a test.  And you will
grade me when it is done."

"Okay!"  Sasami was now looking forward to see if her teaching worked.

The Ryoko 1 and 2 were soon setting the table, and Sasami went to gather everyone.
Yosho wandered in just as everyone was getting seated.  Everyone greeted Ryoko in
their own special way.

"I'll expect you at the shrine this evening for triple training......."

"Hi Ryoko!  I can't wait to see Disney......."

"I see you have decided to grace us with your presence........"

(So, did you do what I told you.....)

(Mom!  Please!)

(Remember to start calling me Washuu again, if we live to see the weekend)

(....?)

(Well, you cooked this morning alone, right?)

(Shhh!  Don't tell anyone.  And thanks for the vote of confidence....MOM!)

Everyone enjoyed their breakfast, not saying so, but it was obvious from the
way they all were eating.  As everyone was finishing up Sasami asked, "So, was
everything okay?"

"It was good!"

"Another excellent meal."

"Delicious as usual."

(No comment)

(And from you, that's better than something.)  Ryoko laughed at the annoyed expression
this comment made on her mother's face.

Sasami then began, "Well, I di......."

Ryoko clamped her hand over her mouth, c'mon Sasami, let's get to cleaning up!"

After they disappeared into the kitchen, Aeka said, "Well, Ryoko certainly seems to be
in a good mood today."  Not sounding too happy about it.

Washuu noticed, "I guess she is just happy to be home."

"I doubt that."  Aeka said as she got up from the table to go outside. (What is she up to?)


"Why wouldn't you let me tell them?"  Sasami asked quietly in the kitchen.

"I want them to find out after lunch, okay?  I'll make that too."

"You will?  It was really good, you know.  I'm proud of you!"

Ryoko smiled at the compliment from her friend, "Thanks, it means alot to hear it from you."

Sasami gave her a big hug then Ryoko split in two again, "I'll wash and dry, if you go get
the dishes."

"Okay!"


Lunch was a repeat performance of breakfast.  Washuu even decided to feed her daughters ego
by telling her how it was.  After everyone was finished Ryoko nodded to Sasami and she made
her announcement.  "I just wanted everyone to know, I didn't do any of the cooking today!"

"Then who.......?"

"These are leftovers from yesterday.......?"

"I see you are learning other things just as well as sparring Ryoko."  Yosho said.

Aeka was incredulous, "Ryoko.....cooked this?"

Ryoko was all smiles, "Yep!  Did it all myself."

"Well, I must admit, it was all very good."

"Wow Ryoko!  Hey Sasami, could you teach me to cook too?"  Mihoshi asked.

"He he, um.....later on.  I still have alot to show Ryoko."  Sasami answered nervously.

"Oh, okay!



There was a knock on the door, and Mihoshi went to answer it this time.  The nervous mailman
was once again dumbstruck for a moment at the sight of another beauty at the door.

"Can I help you?"  Mihoshi asked.

Shaken from his stupor, "Uh.....just sign here please."

Taking his pen, she made a little doodle in the indicated place, "There you go!" she
said, and began closing the door.

"Wait ma'am, your envelope!"

"Oh, thank you!"  Mihoshi took the envelope and went back inside.  "Grandfather!  A
letter came for you!"

Sasami and Aeka came running up, then stood waiting for Katsuhito, who approached at
a more sedate pace.  Opening the envelope, he shook three smaller ones out.  He tucked
one into his robe, and looked at the other two before shaking his head negatively to
the girls.  He caught Washuu before she descended into her lab.  "I believe this is for
you."  Washuu looked at it curiously for a split second before realization dawned:


Dear Washuu,

I'd really like to thank you for the phone and the picture you gave me
to take along. It really means alot to me. I'm having a great time
out here. I was really glad to see you and Ryoko getting closer before
I left. Take good care of her for me, would you? Good luck with all
your experiments!


Tenchi


Washuu smiled (So he didn't forget me.)  "So who else got a letter today?"

"Just myself and Noboyuki,"  Then he looked around the room quickly before
continuing more quietly, "grouping you with us shows what he honors you as."

"Thank you, Yosho."  Washuu then entered her lab, and in her inner sanctum,
composed a little letter of her own:

Son-in-law,

Now, now my dear Tenchi, don’t be mad at me. After all, you will be my son in law
sooner or later. Might as well get used to your new title...

I won’t bother to ask how you are doing, I know you must be very tired ... after so
much exercise. My daughter is the best warrior, don’t let her wear you out now 
Tenchi dear. She takes after her mother after all. 

Take care of her, and show her a good time.   Hint* She loves to cuddle.

Mom


Grinning evilly, in a playful sort of way, she stuffed it into an envelope and
quickly found Katsuhito, "Would you please send this with the next bundle, Yosho
dear?"


"Yes, I will put it with the others.  It shall be sent out by special dispatch today."

"So, you going to hold down the fort this weekend with Noboyuki and Sasami?"

"Yes, a night out for all you young ladies is far overdue."

"A word of caution......watch Sasami around our 'guest', she doesn't see him for what
he really is."

"I shall."

"Well, on that note....gotta go doll myself up!"

Then she was off.  Ryoko, Aeka, and Mihoshi were all together, deciding what to wear
and pack.  Aeka did Ryoko's hair while Mihoshi did her nails, then they switched off
until they were all done.  The three came downstairs, looking all beautiful and ready
to go, and waited by the door for Washuu.  Yosho walked in and saw the women, and for
a moment their combined beauty almost made his disguise slip.  Sasami came in too, and
she looked a little down.  Ryoko noticed this immediately and ran over to her.  "Hey,
if you want to Sasami, I'll have Ryo-Ohki bring you to meet us at Disney tomorrow!"

Sasami cheered immediately, "Okay!  Thanks Ryoko!"  And she pulled her into a hug that
would have made her mother Misaki proud.  Gently prying herself loose, Ryoko looked up
in time to she her Mother enter the room.

Washuu had decided to appear about as old as the other girls.  She was dressed in a
pink top that left her belly bare, and a matching short skirt.  Yosho saw this and
his disguise did slip for an instant, but nobody noticed because they were looking
at Washuu.  Her hair was shorter, but still down past her shoulders.  It was styled
to have some curls, and with a touch of make-up the overall effect was absolutely
stunning.

(Mom......)

(Call me Washuu this weekend, remember.....sheesh.)

"Ready everyone?  Lets load up!"

Washuu followed the girls out, winking at Yosho over her shoulder as she closed the
door.

"Shotgun!"  Ryoko yelled.

"Hmm?"  Aeka asked.

"That means I call the front seat."

"I hardly feel that is an appropriate way to claim your spot."

"It's traditional here on Earth for road trips."  Mihoshi added.

"Oh, very well.  I suppose if it is the local custom, I must accept it."

"Damn right."

Washuu had changed the car into a red Mustang convertible (coincidently matching the
color of her hair) and the girls loaded in.

Pulling out onto the road, Ryoko said, "Hit it M....I mean Washuu."

She complied, roaring off down the road headed for a girls night out.


***************************************************************************

Authors notes:

I get e-mails from worried readers thinking I might not finish this.  Rest assured,
I will.  If I die before it is finished, I will have all my notes e-mailed to my
favorite authors so they might get together and finish for me.  I would like to
thank Malena, author of "The Sea of Change" for her contributions.  I couldn't
have done it without you!  I want to send a big thank you again to all who have
posted reviews on fanfiction.net   and those who e-mailed me after reading my
story on tmffa.com    You guys keep me going!  Now get out there and finish those
fics, please!
