	"I have a bad feeling about this job..."  The red hared girl dressed in a 
black cape, yellow blouse and purple shoulder guards told her side kick.
	"Come on Lina, what could be easier all we have to do is find this writer 
and make him put a disclaimer in the front of... uh what was it again?"
	"Fanatical Friction?"
	"That's it HOHOHohohoho HOHOHOhohoho..."
	"Why me?"

Ever After

Chapter 6: Welcome Home Tenchi!
	"The local space is distorting again."  The main hologram changed showing 
stars move slightly in a mild rippling effect.  In the bottom right hand 
corner of the hologram the coordinates and magnification were displayed to 
try to give some reference points for the humans.
	"Any other ships in the area reporting the same phenomenon."  Konaka 
asked, 
keeping a closer eye on the enemy fleet then some sensor ghost.
	"None of my siblings have noted any changes in the surrounding space."  
She 
paused for a second.  "They are also out of our scanner range.  They might 
not be able to pick up the phenomenon that is likely localized in out 
space."
	"Are you detecting the increase of radiation as well?"  Mia typed 
something 
on her pad.  She looked worn out to him.  Which meant that he had to look 
worse, for three days they had both been awake waiting for an attack that 
hadn't come.
	This was one of the first times since he had bonded with the Gilvilyko 
that 
Konaka wished for a bigger crew.  Resignedly he swallowed another stim tab 
that was guaranteed to keep him awake for four hours.  Though it would have 
to be the last one.  Gilvilyko would relieve him of command in moments if 
she felt he was unfit or endangering himself and he knew she was watching 
for mistakes.
	"Mia, why don't you go get some sleep.  I can handle this."  She 
stubbornly 
looked at him for a second, then yawned and grinned sheepishly.
	"I guess your right."  She said tugging herself out of the chair.  Giving 
her a kiss he sat down in the seat she had vacated checking the new sensor 
data on the radiation before the door she had exit through shut.  The 
Gilvilyko formed her holographic body floating translucent in the room.  
"You should get some sleep too captain."
	"Not now, I'll trade places with Mia in four hours."  He said trying to 
focus his eyes on the sensor screen.  It blurred for a second and then 
gradually came into focus the readings though hadn't changed just an 
increase in background radiation where ever the spatial distortion was.
	"We had to use both probes trying to scan the system."  He remembered 
having said the exact same thing not two hours ago.  She stared at him hard, 
the skin on her holographic brow wrinkling in concentration.  "Don't look at 
me that way.  I couldn't go to sleep for another four hours anyway."
	The hologram eyes unfocused for a second.  "I am reading a large surge of 
radiation around the area of one of the spatial distortions."  The main view 
screen's picture rapidly moved sending stars flying across the screen until 
they settled onto a space of pure blackness.  Konaka strained his eyes 
trying to focus on it.  As colors began to wash out of that space heading 
towards the ultra violet.  A gap appeared in the colors and then another 
revealing a black ship barely visible on the sea of stars.  But completely 
visible to radar.  The size of a destroyer it would have been more then a 
match for the Gilvilyko if it wasn't for the fact that it was expelling 
plasma.
	"Get us away from it."  The Captain yelled arming weapons.  "Contact the 
other ships tell them that the enemy is able to hide some how."
	"Trying."  Her face lost all expression as the ship used all of her powers 
to contact her siblings.  The room became heavy as the compensators were 
over used as she applied maximum thrust away from the disabled ship not 
trusting that its weapons were as disabled as its drive.  Her scared face 
changed once again a combination of fear and sadness he had never seen 
before.  "I can't reach my siblings, their not there."  Konaka stared at her 
afraid he would see the hologram cry.  "One of the distortions is 
approaching us.  I don't have enough acceleration yet to avoid."  Her face 
had gone neutral  "I am preparing to fire."  The enemy ship began to decloak 
rippling colors until it was a solid black on black space.  At only ten 
times the size of the Gilvilyko the battle was a forgone conclusion.  It 
wasn't even worth waking his wife for.
	"Drop the buoy."  He ordered.  That would be his last order he would ever 
give.  Konaka stared at the other ship as they approached he noted with half 
his mind that Gilvilyko was accelerating towards the other ship firing with 
all her weapons not that they making an impact.  Cut off from the other 
ships and Tsunami, her one Light Hawk Wing failed to deploy.
	The console in front of him went black as shipboard systems cut out.  The 
holograms followed suit.  Running towards the wall locker  where his suit 
was stored he wasn't braced for the impact that shook the ship sending him 
flying through the air until he hit wood at the end of his trajectory.  
Automatic sap dispensers began to fill the room as the air was sucked into 
space by micro fractures in the hall.
	Konaka's sight blurred again but this time from blood and sap sealant 
crawling he headed once again towards the closet containing his suit.  
Wiping his eyes clear.  Internal gravity died allowing the sap to form into 
bubbles and speed towards the holes in seconds his ears stopped popping as 
the air pressure regained consistency in the ship.  Pushing forward with his 
feet he sailed across the final distance hitting the storage locker hard.  
The doors emergency battery still worked allowing him access.  Calming 
himself, he tried to remembered his zero G training.  Three minutes later he 
was breathing bottled air and grabbing the pulse rifle.  The ship safety had 
been disengaged when they had lost power and it glowed a comforting yellow.  
On safe but ready to fire at full power once he changed the selector switch. 
  *I hope Mia's alive.*  Ran through his head as he walked up to the main 
trunk and central  core of what had been his little ship.  The boots on his 
feet acting like  Velcro on the wooden surface.
	He stood in front of the sign naming his ship behind it sat the heart 
wood, 
the soul of his ship.  Reaching out he pushed his gloved hands through the 
wood which parted for him.  His fingers tingled as they passed through the 
Jurian power that surrounded the heartwood Konaka closed his hands and 
pulled, slowly drawing his ships soul and central memory center.  Blackness 
and rot engulfed the rest of the trunk spreading to the floor as the ship 
slowly started to self self-destruct.  For the first time in his life he got 
to see the real Gilvilyko.  Brown and unspectacular was its first appearance 
but when he moved it into the light its core shone like quarts capturing and 
reflecting the light in a hundred directions.
	He noted a small electronics device made of plastic and metal attached to 
the side of the wood.  It blinked at him expectantly.  An inconsistency 
compared to the rest of the wooden ship.  He stuffed the wood into a special 
bag attached to the suit and hurried towards the crew quarters trying to 
stay ahead of the rot that was overtaking his ship.
	*She must have disabled some of their weapons with the ramming or we would 
all be dead by now.*  He told himself as his boots made a soft tearing sound 
each time he took a step through the dead quiet ship.
	He finally found Mia in their quarters a bloody gash on the side of her 
head collecting blood in little bubbles all across the room.  She had her 
suit already on except for the helmet.  Grabbing up a pillow he made a crude 
bandage and stuck the helmet on her head sealing it.  The ship suddenly 
jerked throwing him across the room along with everything else that wasn't 
fastened down.  *Calm, stay calm, it will take the rot at least another 
three minutes before it eats through the power core stabilizers.*  Grabbing 
his wife he kicked off the wall on a course towards an escape pod grateful 
for the zero g making her easy to carry.  One of the two escape pods on the 
Gilvilyko was directly across from the bridge.  Made out of metal and 
plastic it was an enigma compared to the wooden structure of the ship 
designed to prevent the self-destruct that engulfed his ship from destroying 
it as well.  The hatch to the escape pod open and blinking green at the 
first loss of pressure in the ship.
	It was sterile to him all bright shiny metal padded with plastic foam and 
eight shock chairs.  It's kind were mass produced and fitted onto every ship 
the number of pods increased with the size of the crew.  Hurriedly strapping 
Mia and then himself down into a chair he punched through the safety glass 
listening to the audible clang as metal slammed against metal closing the 
door.
	"Tsunami, help us."  He whispered as the gravity suddenly went from zero 
to 
three G pressing him into the seat as the little pod used all its fuel 
except for a two second emergency burst and the directional thrusters.  He 
could see the Gilvilyko from his position a small gray speck dwarfed by the 
huge black ship it had impacted into.  The wood holding the core finally 
rotted away leaving the micro singularity with out any force fields.  The 
singularity began to eat first his ship and then inexhaustibly the enemy 
ship in a matter of seconds both ship were gone as if they had never 
existed.  The only sign of their last position a singularity and a life pod 
just escaping its gravity well.  That and the three ships appearing in their 
path.

***

	Waking early, Sasami had started on the feast that would be dinner.  
Mixing 
and stirring, boiling and simmering, she was creating a masterful blend of 
Earth foods and Jurain from the limited stores that the messenger ships 
brought her every month.
	Ryo-Ohki, in matured fur form, helping her with the slicing and dicing.  
Being two extra hands when needed and a friend to talk to about gossip and 
whatever else came to her attention.
	The Bebrean was the last thing to be finished and the first thing she had 
started on.  A wild beast, a cross between a beaver and a rabbit, but about 
three times as big the preparations and proper cooking rendered it into a 
delicacy of unimaginable flavor.  She hoped that Tenchi would enjoy it.  
This being to her knowledge the first time he had eaten Jurain food since 
the victory festival.  She blocked the thought folding it and tightly 
placing it back in the portion of her mind where it belonged.
	She gazed proudly at the spread.  Everything that could remain at room 
temperature neatly put in its place.  The rest in the refrigerator or 
warming on the stove or oven.
	Ryo-Ohki had wandered off by then disappearing with a bag of baby carrots 
her favorite delicacy, and was playing with the CD player looking for a 
song.  Whichever one that was for she kept skipping tracks and CDs scanning 
for something Sasami would have rather just turned on the radio, but that 
hadn't worked right for months in the Masaki home.  Something to do with one 
of Washu's experiments.
	The clock over the sink finally struck two.  Tenchi's train should be 
arriving any minute, Noboyuki had already gone down to the train station to 
pick the three up so that gave her... every thing was right on time she 
would start serving at three.  And probably continue eating the feast for 
days to come.

***

	The emperor of Jurai proudly sat on the royal chair as his command group 
efficiently handled everything.  He was bored but not about to show any 
emotions to his subjects.
	The main hologram tank some twenty feet by thirty feet tall displayed the 
fleet he was spearheading.  Over a thousand Jurain ships, an equal number of 
GP Cruisers and destroyers, plus 50 of the huge Tigeran dreadnoughts and 
their escorts one day out from  the Farreach system.
	One of the admirals approached him bowing efficiently.  "Emperor we've 
lost 
comms with one of the scout ships at the Farreach system."
	*So they are finally making their move.  Its about time.*
	"Inform the fleet.  We'll retake Farreach as soon as we get their and have 
one of the other scouts carefully check out the last known area of that 
ship."  He tapped his fingers impatiently gazing at a bright blue dot on the 
holotank that showed the secondary command ship his wives were on.  The 
majority of the Jurain court was on one ship or another out here.  Whenever 
Jurain went to war every able body man and woman who had a space tree bonded 
with them went as well.  It forestalled revolutions and such.  Who wanted to 
win a war and lose on the home front?
	The fleet moved steadily on.  Leaving a hyper trail wake that could be 
tracked by the most primitive of scanners and those that watched were not 
primitive.

***

	"Tenchi!"  Sasami let out a squeal and tackled the young man.  Hugging him 
in a tight squeeze happy to see him again.  Tenchi fondly returned the hug 
carefully moving the two of them out of the door so that Aeka and Ryoko 
could enter.  She finally disengaged the hug only to be replaced by Ryo-Ohki 
and then Yosho.
	Smiling, Sasami, headed back to the kitchen checking one last time on the 
Bebrean as Ryoko, Aeka, and Tenchi took their bags up to their rooms.

***

	"Thank you Sasami, that was delicious."  Yosho settled back sipping his 
tea.
	"It was great."  Aeka added.
	"I can't believe your related, you only got a C in culinary arts."  Ryoko 
taunted Aeka good naturally.
	"Compared to you, who hasn't completed one class she signed up for that 
didn't have Tenchi in it."
	"That's because I have my priorities straight little princess."  Ryoko 
smiled at her.
	"You two knock it off."  Tenchi yelled fondly only to suddenly be squished 
in between them as each one leaned against him.
	"Tenchi,"  both crooned in unison.  Causing him to sigh and everyone at 
the 
table to burst out laughing, except for the two new officers.
	"I miss those days."  Yosho sipped on his tea.
	"We had some fun then didn't we, Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked.
	"That was a long time ago.  Some things change you can't stop them."
	"Entropy."  Washu inserted.
	"Intro what?"  The blond police officer asked.
	"Everything changes and dies."  Kiyone told her partner.
	"That's kind of sad.  We should be happy.  Their only going to be here for 
a couple of days."
	"Miya!"
	"So what are we doing tomorrow?"  Kiyone adjusted her headband.
	"I promised the girls we would go on a picnic and Aeka wanted to visit 
Funaho."
	"A picnic that's a great idea, Tenchi."  Sasami giggled, as Noboyuki rose 
from the table only to return with two bottles of warmed saki that Sasami 
had put on the stove half an hour ago on low heat knowing they would be 
wanted when the meal was finished.
	He passed glasses out to everyone but Sasami and Ryo-Ohki.  The Tigeran 
feeling like a third wheel all night with his partner accepted the cup with 
a look of mystification only to have it filled by Yosho.  He took one sniff 
and drank the cup empty holding it out for a refill.  Mitsuki allowed hers 
to be filled took a small sip so as not to offend her hosts and then put the 
cup down continuing to drink Sasami's tea.
	*To each their own tastes.*  Yosho thought observing everything over his 
cup.  Noticing Tenchi joining in with the rest of them.  *And sometimes 
taste changes.*

***

	"Here are the operation orders."  The major accepted the papers and walked 
away to brief his men for the upcoming operation.
	He reached into his pockets and pulled out another cigarette and light it 
up in the non-smoking building.  It was done.  Tomorrow he could assure 
Earth's future or destroy it.  Their was no looking back their never really 
was in his job.

***

	"Tenchi.... soon..."  A voice called out, startling Tenchi awake in his 
dark empty room.

***

	Sasami awoke to the sounds of birds chirping.  Sunlight poured through the 
curtains giving a tantalizing view or what was going to be a gorgeous, 
perfect day.  Nothing could go wrong in such beauty.  Nothing at all...

***

Send all complaints to STRIKESTWICE@hotmail.com


