Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo so I'm not making any money.

Note: When it snows and rains and gets real cold you get top snow. It's
really hard like ice, punch at the hard snow for a while, it's like hitting
soft glass, doesn't cut you as much but you get cut up. It's a whole lotta
messa fun!

Evercare

Washu: ".....yes....almost done....a few more turns and....there! Finished!!
I'm such a genius!"

A week later everyone in the house was getting rather worried. It was common
not to see Washu except around meals but when she came to eat she was
usually in high spirits because of some new invention. Recently she
seemed.....drained. She wasn't nearly as energetic and talked very little.
Whenever anyone asked her what she was doing or invited her to do something
she always said she had something going on in the lab. Her behavior was more
than questionable. Eventually, one night Tenchi decided to get everyone
together in the living room for a discussion on Washu.

Tenchi: "Everyone I'm worried about Washu. I don't think all the work she's
doing in the lab is good for her."

Sasami: "Yeah. She looked really pale today."

Ryoko: "I tried to get into her mind but it's always focused on a project.
One project. Calls it Akdov from what I gather."

Kiyone: "Well then let's go check it out."

Tenchi: "We can't. If we go in there she'll probably hide whatever it is
she's doing."

Kiyone: "That's ok, we have Mihoshi. She always seems to find a way in
without being noticed."

Tenchi: "Ok Mihoshi, you're on."

After a few minutes of wondering around with no real goal Mihoshi was able
to lead everyone into Washu's lab. When they got there they made sure to
move as quietly as they could, moving inch by inch they were eventually able
to spot Washu typing away at a computer hooked up to what looked like a
young man. The man had long black hair and was wearing a Galaxy Police
uniform.

Washu: "This was such a good idea. I really wish I would've finished it
earlier. Finally. All scientific data is completed. Now all it needs is
social interaction. Who better than my favorite subjects?"

Washu slowly began to rise turned her head to be facing everyone.

Washu: "AH! What the hell are you all doing here?"

Sasami: "We're worried about you Washu."

Tenchi: "You don't look very healthy is all."

Ryoko: "What the hell is this thing?"

???: "I am what you see. By reference terms I am called Akdov."

Ryoko: "Akdov huh? What'd I tell ya?"

Washu: "Oh well. I'm alright. Everyone please meet Akdov. Akdov this is
Tenchi, Ayeka, Sasami, Kiyone, Mihoshi and my daughter Ryoko."

Akdov: "Happy to meet you."

Washu: "Akdov...please assimilate all available data. Physical, emotional,
historical. Everything."

Akdov: "Yes Little Washu."

A bright light poured out of the machines left eye. It scanned over the
group and suddenly disappeared.

Akdov: "Data assimilated."

Washu: "Good. You can go ahead and relax."

Kiyone: "Wh-what is it? Why is it dressed like a GP?"

Washu: "Well because I started making Akdov a long time ago. He was
originally designed to be a spy inside the Galaxy Police but then Kagato
captured me. I decided to finish him a few weeks ago. Now he's just my lab
assisstant. A replacement for mecha-Washu 2."

Ayeka: "Um Miss Washu why do you call it ‘him'"

Washu: "Because of an advanced robotics system inside his memory!"

With that Washu pulled down a large screen that displayed an outline of
Akdov's body.
Washu: "Ahem, Akdov you watch this too. While Akdov may not be able to feel
some of the stronger emotions such as love or hate it can determine things
like loyalty or pity. So he is very much human. Almost like a living
machine."

Washu placed the screen back and walked over to the group.

Washu: "He truly is one of my finest works. Scientifically he knows
everything that I do, but he lacks social skills. That's why I don't expect
him to be able to make conversation that isn't scientific. It's all he
knows."

Tenchi: "So he's like a kid in an adult body?"

Akdov: "If I may, I am far from child like Mr. Masaki. I'm simply not able
to socialize do to lack of data."

Washu: "Um Sasami may I talk to you in private for a moment?"

Sasami: "Oh course."

Washu took the little princess aside and began to whisper into her ear.
Meanwhile the group just stared at the creation before them.

Kiyone: "So Akdov, how old are you?"

Akdov: "I was activated 3 days, 4 hours and 25 seconds ago by Earth standard
time. My physical form is built to fit the form of a 23 year old man, my
body has existed for over 500 years but is designed to last for another
2,500 years. I hope that answered your question Ms. Makibi."

Kiyone: "Oh, yeah."

Akdov: "I'm sorry Ms. Makibi. I don't mean to be dull. In time my data
should become acceptable enough to begin social life."

Kiyone: "Oh it's alright. You don't have to apologize."

Akdov: "But it is polite to apologize when a mistake is made isn't it Ms.
Makibi?"

Kiyone: "Sometimes. But you didn't make a mistake."

Before Akdov could respond Washu and Sasami came back into the gathering.

Washu: "Akdov....I'd like you to assist Sasami in her activities today. Try
to take in some social data while you're at it. I'll be busy tonight so try
to preserve your energy, you're gonna have a busy week my pet."

Sasami: "C'mon Akdov let's go."

The two left the room at separate paces. Akdov hasn't been exposed to any
situation except emergencies. Washu explained her actual need for help in
this situation. She wouldn't be able to give Akdov the data he needed to
fulfill his purpose. A purpose that Washu had kept hidden for the time
being. It was agreed that for one day that week Akdov would spend the entire
day with one person to collect data.

In the kitchen Sasami was hard at work making dinner, Akdov in the doorway
awaiting instructions. The girl moved quickly to chop ingredients, boil
water and stir. Like always it was exhausting but she enjoyed herself so she
didn't mind.

Akdov: "Can I be of any assistance? You seem tired Ms. Jurai."

Sasami: "Um...can you get some carrots from the shed please? It's over
through that door."

Akdov: "How many shall I retrieve Ms. Jurai?"

Sasami: "About 12. Can you carry that many?"

Akdov: "I am built to carry 500 square pounds per hand Ms. Jurai. I shall
return in a moment."

When they were finished cooking Akdov stood waiting for further instructions
from Sasami.

Sasami: "Would you please tell everyone that dinner is ready?"

Akdov: "Yes, of course Ms. Jurai."

Sasami: "Um Akdov, you can just call me Sasami."

Akdov: "Very well Ms. Sasami."

Sasami: "No, just Sasami. You don't have to call me miss."

Akdov: "I see. Understood."

Akdov left the room to inform the others leaving Sasami on her own to sit
and wonder. During dinner Akdov stood in the back of the room and watched as
the group talked, laughed argued or whatever the situation called for.

Kiyone: "Um Akdov would you like something to eat?"

Washu: "He's a machine Kiyone. He doesn't eat."

Kiyone: "Sorry...it's just looks so real. Almost like it's actually alive."

Washu: "After the upgrades are finished he almost will be. After this is a
chip to give him free will so he won't be command based. Then Kiyone, the
only thing stopping you will be him."

The detective stared at the little genius dumbfounded. Washu just turned
back to her food but gave her a small wink before doing so. When dinner was
finished Akdov helped Ayeka and Sasami to clear away the plates and then
shut himself down for the evening.

One of the amazing things about Akdov was that his ‘mind' was able to
wonder while he was shut down, almost like dreaming. In this state he went
over the data he had retrieved so far and set up a basic schedule of events
for the next day. From the data he had gathered from everyone earlier he was
able to determine there average waking time. He also estimated the time
spent doing chores. The next morning Sasami woke as early as always to make
breakfast for everyone only to find that breakfast was already made and that
some of the cleaning around the house was done as well. Sasami looked around
for a moment. She was in almost total disbelief. In front of the sink was
Akdov mixing a bowl of hot noodles and then turning to place them on the
table.

Sasami: "Akdov, what's going on? Did you do this?"

Akdov: "Yes. Have I don't something wrong?"

Sasami: "Oh no. This is very nice thank you but why?"

Akdov: "You looked exhausted after yesterdays cooking. I also found that you
wake very early to prepare this meal. I thought I would do it for you and
you would be able to get some extra rest."

Sasami: "And the living room is clean too."

Akdov: "Yes."

Sasami: "Thank you very much. I guess I'll go back to bed. Would you please
wake everyone when it's done?"

Akdov: "Of course Sasami. Sleep well."

Doing as he was told Akdov woke everyone as soon as breakfast was finished
and left the room to finish the other daily chores and clean the kitchen
when everyone was done. Today he was scheduled to be with Kiyone and
tomorrow with Mihoshi. This worked out well as he would be able to observe
them in both a working and relaxed state. Today they'd be on patrol.

Once in space Akdov took his usual place by standing in the back watching
how Kiyone and Mihoshi acted around each other. He was quick to observe that
Mihoshi was very clumsy in her actions and that it frustrated Kiyone. He
also noticed that quite frequently Kiyone would look towards him, blush and
then turn back.

Kiyone: "Um Akdov if you'd like you can come sit down."

Akdov: "Thank you Ms. Makibi but I prefer to stand."

Mihoshi: "Then come stand over here."

Akdov: "If you insist Ms. Kuramitsu."

Kiyone: "You know Akdov it's ok to call us by our first names."

Akdov: "Yes. Ok Kiyone.....may I ask a question?"

Kiyone: "Sure. What is it?"

Akdov: "Why is it that so far I have been told to call several people by
there first names? Is it not polite to call people by there last name and
with a title?"

Kiyone: "It is but it's not always necessary."

Akdov: "Ah I see. Ship approaching."

Mihoshi: "Ship approaching?"

Suddenly the sensors on yagami went off, detecting enemy fire on the
starboard side.

Akdov: "Is there anything I can do to help? Shall I apprehend the
offenders?"

Mihoshi: "Yes!!"

Kiyone: "Wait I'm going with you. Mihoshi stay here and don't touch
anything."

The detective and machine ran off to the back of the ship. There was a
pirating tube in there designed to break through the hulls of ships so that
the officers could board the criminal ship.

Once the tube was sent through the opposing ship Kiyone and Akdov quickly
made there way into the ships cockpit and arrested the pilot.

Kiyone: "Why did you open fire on us?"

Pilot: "We were paid to."

Kiyone: "By who?"

Pilot: "Ask her yourself. I'll see you in hell copper."

With that a shot was fired from behind. The bullet cut through the air and
was making a bee line for the back of Kiyone's head. Suddenly a loud
‘thwang' echoed through the ship. Kiyone turned to see Akdov's back as he
was walking toward the shooter. Suddenly a brilliant beam was seen and the
gun man fell to his knees holding his arm.

Back in the house Akdov was in the lab sitting on a cold metal table with
Washu typing away at her computer and Kiyone standing in the back biting her
lower lip.

Washu: "Well you've had it for today. You've lost a lot of fluid. Your
energy level is really low too. I think they hit a few tubes but nothing
serious. You should be ok by morning if I start now, but I don't think I
will. Um....I'm just going to leave you two alone."

Washu walked away to ‘check on her other inventions' but was actually
giving Akdov and Kiyone some time to do whatever it is they were going to
do. Kiyone walked forward not knowing what to say.

Akdov: "Hello Kiyone. How is your status following our shoot out?"

Kiyone: "Um...I'm fine....Akdov why would you do that?"

Akdov: "Do what Kiyone?"

Kiyone: "Get in the way of the bullet."

Akdov: "Oh that. Well I didn't want you to be harmed."

Kiyone: "Want? You can want things?"

Akdov: "Of course."

Kiyone: "Yeah I guess you probably didn't want me hurt, after all I'm one of
your prime sources of data."

Kiyone turned sharply and put her hand on her chin.

Akdov: "True. However if you were hurt I would be hurt as well."

Kiyone: "What kind of program is that?"

Akdov: "I believe Little Washu called it emotion chip v2.3 but I'm not
sure."

Kiyone turned again with starry eyes. She started to move forward into a
kiss but was cut short by Washu.

Washu: "Ok that's enough for today. Akdov shut down."

Akdov: "Yes Little Washu. I look forward to tomorrow Kiyone. Sleep well."

As soon as Akdov was shut down Washu typed up a hover pillow under Kiyone
causing her to fall into a sit.

Washu: "Kiyone I think we need to have a talk."

Kiyone: "It can't happen can it Washu?"

Washu: "Of course it can. I'll have him fixed in no time."

Kiyone: "Oh yes of course."

Washu: "I'm just kidding Kiyone. I'll tell ya what I'll go ahead and upload
his high emotion chip. But please understand this will make him less sterile
he may not love you back."

Kiyone: "It's worth the risk."

Washu: "Ok then, now pay close attention Kiyone. I'll upload the chip
tonight. So tomorrow he'll be stuck down here as it uploads. Damn things
take forever and a day. So come back on Wednesday. Should be finished by
then."

Kiyone: "Washu can I see what you've uploaded into him already? Like what
data he has."

Washu: "Well sure if you want. Can I ask why?"

Kiyone: "How much data does he have on the Galaxy Police?"

Washu: "How much do ya think?! Everything. I designed him to be able to do
anything that I may need in the lab. Which meant weapons tech but I also
gave him procedure. If he was gonna be a spy he needed to know at least that
much. Why do you ask dear?"

Kiyone: "....no reason..."

The next day was hell. Of all days it had to be then for the temperature to
reach 114. It was almost too much. Sasami made sure to have lemonade ready
along with cold noodles it was really all she could do. The sun blazed on as
Tenchi worked in the field. Ryoko seeing as how she never did anything
anyway just lazed about in the bath house all day drinking sake.  Kiyone and
Mihoshi finished there own chores and just laid on their beds with the fan
on high and the windows shut. Even Washu, in her lab designed to keep
perfect weather was feeling the heat as she worked on Akdov. Next to Ryoko
she felt this was her best. It was too bad that Ryoko and Akdov couldn't
 have kids. Who knows how that'd turn out. Washu's mind raced about during
her work about Kiyone. She knew her plans but why? Akdov had no personality
so how could she fall for him? Was she just using him as a way of getting
away from Mihoshi? Did she plan on using him to further her own career? It
was almost too much.
Before she would revive Akdov she had to know the answers. The next morning
Akdov was laying on the cold metal bed under a sheet that covered his entire
body. Washu sent out a probe early to wake Kiyone for questioning. When
Kiyone got there she was still in her night gown. Washu couldn't tell if
this was because she had just woken up and didn't care to get dressed this
early or if she was planning on showing herself off as soon as possible.
Either way Washu wasted no time. In her adult form she stared Kiyone dead in
the eye with a look so serious it would make a clown burst into tears.

Washu: "Kiyone. I want you to be completely honest with me. Why do you love
Akdov?"

Kiyone: "...I dunno...Washu I...I don't think I can explain it...you've been
in love before you know how it is...I just get this feeling from him. I just
wanna be with him, always. He saved my life Washu."

Washu: "And why were you so interested in how much he knew about the Galaxy
Police?"

Kiyone: "I was thinking that I could try to get him a job there. If that's
OK with you of course."

Washu: "Fine with me but why? Think it'll get you away from Mihoshi?
Increase your chances of promotion?"

Kiyone: "No, what he did wouldn't affect my position in any way and I think
I'm stuck with Mihoshi forever like it or not. It's just more time.
Something we could do together."

Washu quickly sent her arms forward and crushed Kiyone in a tight hug.

Washu: "That's so nice Kiyone. To think you and my son!"

Kiyone: "Son?"

Washu: "Of course. Like Ryoko I made him with my own egg cells. But I didn't
want it to end the same way as with Ryoko so he's part machine. Oh Kiyone I
never would've thought you'd end up being my daughter-in-law and Tenchi
would end up as my son-in-law. I'm so proud!"

Akdov: "....huh....where am I? Oh yes the lab."

The cyborg sat up and looked around to see Kiyone hugging the pink haired
goddess.

Akdov: "Should I leave?"

Washu: "No you're ok. I'll just get back to my other work. Have a fun day
you two."

Washu went back into her child form and walked away slowly to leave Kiyone
with her child.

Kiyone: "Um....good morning Akdov."

Akdov: "Good morning Kiyone. You're looking nice today. Is that a new
dress?"

Kiyone: "Oh no. This isn't even a dress just a night gown. Akdov can I talk
to you a moment?"

Akdov: "Of course Kiyone."

Kiyone: "Akdov do you know what love is?"

Akdov: "Yes...why do you ask?"

Kiyone: "Have you ever loved someone?"

Akdov: "Of course."

Kiyone: "Who?"

Akdov: "You. At least I think this is what love is."

Kiyone: "How do you feel?"

Akdov: "Very nervous....but happy that you're here. I don't really want you
to leave."

Kiyone quickly grabbed the sides of Akdov's head and brought him into a deep
kiss. When they parted she began to stare into his eyes.

Kiyone: "I love you Akdov."

Akdov: "I love you too Kiyone."

That was all she needed to hear. They held each other in there arms for a
few moments and left the lab to face the future for better or worse.

-End Pt1-

Note: How's it hangin' y'all!? Well this is my first fic to be publicly
released. I have a lot done with my padna but this is the first put on-line.
I also encourage everyone to email with comments and to visit www.com yes
that's right, not a type-o, www.com nothing in-between just www.com