The Everlasting Dream Series: Part Two: The Old man who could play a G#
By The Unknown DJ

        It had been another boring day school for Tenchi Masaki. However, he
had seemed to forget all about his studies lately. The news about
Sasami possibly being killed and most likely attacked had shocked
Tenchi. Who in their right mind would want to kill such a cute and
innocent girl like her, thought Tenchi. That is when he heard it again.
The Music.
        As he approached the same tree where the old man had sat last time
Tenchi had seen him, the old man stopped playing and smiled. "What's
the matter, Son. What has been done?" asked the old man.
        "Well it really isn't any of business, but I guess I could tell
you."
        "Have no fear, I am all ear."
        "Well, my friend went into a trance and someone is out to kill her.
Hey! Who are you anyway?" The old man's smile widened as Tenchi became
more and more confused. "My name is Haiku, How do you do?"
        "What are you doing here? Why are you always sitting in that tree?
Why
do you always speak in rhymes? Well?" asked Tenchi.
        "That I can't tell, but she will be well!" The old man smiled at
Tenchi and played some more chords on the banjo. "Hey, wait you are
going to kill Sasami! I'll get you!" yelled Tenchi. A sudden anger
sparked inside of him. For all Tenchi knew, the man sitting in the tree
was a dead man. "I am going to kill you!" Tenchi jumped up and tried to
grab a tree branch. That is when the black mist appeared again. It
spread and soon Tenchi was coughing and rubbing his eyes furiously. "I
don't know where you are, but I will find you!" The mist cleared, but
the man was gone again. Tenchi dusted himself off and began to run
home. He had to tell the others what had happened and fast.

        "So you are saying that some mysterious guy with a guitar is going
to
kill Sasami? Really Tenchi, you shouldn't be drinking my Saki. It can
make you see things if you aren't use to It," said Ryoko.
        "I'm not kidding Ryoko! This man said he was going to "make
everything
well"," replied Tenchi. Tenchi stood in the lab with Aeka, Ryoko, and
Washu while Sasami still lay in the hospital like bed next to them. "I
am going to have to say that I disagree with you this time, Tenchi.
There are no living humanoids within a 2-mile radius of here, " replied
Washu.
        "But you don't understand, Miss Washu. I told you that he
disappeared."
        "Tenchi, have you hit your head our something. You are forgetting
that
I am the greatest scientific mind in the Universe. The machine I
created for perimeter breaches doesn't simply tell us the people in
that proximity. It tells when some one enters, leaves, stays, and how
long they are here. Look." Washu pulled out her transparent keyboard
and began to type. Quickly, a transparent screen appeared showing an
overhead view of the Masaki household and everything within two-miles
of it. A little dot appeared on the little, secluded path that lead to
Tenchi's house. "Tenchi, that dot represents you while you were walking
home," explained Washu. The little dot moved slowly along the path and
then it stopped. "See," said Tenchi, "That is where I saw the man." He
pointed at the screen, but there was no other dot to be seen. "Ahh, I
did see him, I swear of it," said Tenchi, but nobody seemed to believe
him.
"I still say it is the Saki," replied Ryoko. Tenchi's face began to get
mad with a flushed, red anger. He stormed out of the room and went to
begin his homework. "Our sure that Lord Tenchi did not see anything,
Miss Washu?" asked Aeka.
"Well, all I can say is that it is his story versus my actual proof,
but that is not the point or issue in the current case right now, Ok?
Right now, we must be concerned about Sasami. Be the impact of the
trance she had, I can conclude that there is a 99.99% chance that
someone is going to attempt to kill her. I have no idea who will do it,
but I can say that my machinery never leaves much space open for a
clerical error," explained Washu.
"What do you want us to do, Miss Washu?" asked Aeka. She seemed really
worried, for after all Sasami was her closest sibling. She could not
allow her any harm. "There is no simple solution. All I can do is have
us wait until someone tries to attack. Speaking of which, which one of
you would care to watch her tonight?" asked Washu. Before Ryoko could
comment, Aeka put her hand over Ryoko's mouth. "I see only fair that
watch her, because she is my sister and I must protect my family at all
costs."
"Suits, me," said Washu. A chair instantly appeared out of subspace
next to the bed. "Here you go, Aeka."

        In his room, Tenchi began his homework. I know what that twisted man
is going to do, but it is useless, thought Tenchi. "Hey, Lover! How
comes the school work?" asked Ryoko. Tenchi quickly turned around to
see the careless, space pirate enter the room. He felt no need to talk
to her and continued to work on his homework. "Oh come, Tenchi. Please
tell that you aren't still angry about the Saki jokes. I was just
kidding."
        "I don't care, I am just angry that nobody believes me about the man
that I saw."
        "Well, Tenchi. Washu just seemed to have more then enough evidence
as
usual and she had the exact amount of proof needed." Tenchi shook his
head and looked away. Is there any way I can get them to believe, he
asked himself? "Listen if it makes you feel any better, You could have
gotten sun in your eyes or something. I am not gonna blame you for
thinking you saw something, I mean with Sasami in this type of danger
all of us have felt like blaming someone, " said Ryoko.
        "Listen, you could say it was the sun, the Saki, or depression, but
I
know I saw a man. Ok?"

        The day quickly swept away into night. There was no cloud insight
and
the wind had a very cold chill in it. Aeka sat in the chair issued by
Washu and watched Sasami sleep. Well, she sure looks ok, pondered Aeka.

The seconds ticked away, as Aeka sat there thinking of the past and
present. Every now and then, her eyes would become a little heavier and
she really had to strain to re-open them. "This is really hard work.
Maybe I should make some..." but it was to late. Aeka's eyelids slid
down like blinds on a window.

It was in the system of Jurai, where Aeka found herself. She stood in
her old room, in the castle where she had once lived. Aeka ran over to
her mirror and noticed something. "I am younger!" yelled Aeka. She was
no longer a beautiful, teenage princess, but a child instead.
 "Princess Aeka! Princess Aeka!" two familiar voices yelled. Azaka and
Kamidake entered the room in a hurry. "What? What is going on? What is
happening?" asked Aeka, stunned and confused.
"Come now, Miss Aeka! You have a sister!" said Azaka.
"Yes, do you not remember?" asked Kamidake.
"No, I don't," yelled the frustrated princess,"No! I am not a child! I
am supposed to be watching over Sasami! Why am I here?" AEKA...
"Who is there?" AEKA...
"Answer me!" AEKA...

In a cold and clammy sweat, Aeka awoke from the dream. "Whew! I thought
I was in some serious trouble!" Aeka looked at the bed and saw that
Sasami was missing! Oh no, she must have been taken, thought Aeka. Aeka
quickly got out of the chair and opened the door.
Aeka looked down the hall and saw a light coming from the kitchen. She
ran as fast as she could, in fear that Sasami had been brutally stabbed
to death. She turned the corner and there stood Sasami. She had a cold,
emotionless look on her face and she looked very tired. "Hello, Aeka,"
said Sasami, in a cold, monotonous voice. She then slowly turned around
and went over to drawers, as if looking for something. "Why, Sasami.
You're ok! Are you getting a snack?" asked Aeka. Sasami did not reply.
After a couple more minutes, she returned to where Aeka stood. She
handed Aeka a sharp knife and said,"Here."
"Why, Sasami. We really don't need to make something elaborate to snack
on," said Aeka, as she looked at the cold blade.
"Who said anything about a snack?" asked Sasami, in cold response. Aeka
quickly looked over at her sister. "Sasami, NO!" yelled Aeka. Sasami
stood in the middle of the kitchen with a large knife in her hand. With
the point of the blade pointed directly at her heart, Sasami had a mad
smile on her face. "Come on, Aeka. We are going to go, together."ENDZ
TO BE CONTINUED?

All characters trademarks of Pioneer Entertainment/AIC except the
character known as Haiku.
Well this is 2/3 of the series. With the conclusion of the second
chapter, I expected I will get a lot of hate mail from Sasami fans, but
I can live with it. I f you have any questions, comments, about The
Unknown DJ or want to see the startling conclusion to The Everlasting
Dream Series, please E-mail at theunknowndjendz@yahoo.com. The final
chapter will eventually come and some people might be surprised, but
whatever.

"Things would be much easier to say, upon the microphone like a Boss
DJ."
                -Bradley Nowell, Sublime.