Chapter 12


Noboyuki, the first one up as always, yawned and stretched before rolling out of bed.
There was a rare lull of activity at work, so he was able to sleep a little later on
this day.  There were two things he was looking forward to this morning.  Breakfast
by Sasami and finding out whos car that was sitting in the driveway.  He had as a boy
been in love with classic American cars, and the 1969 Camaro SS convertible had been
one of his favorites.  When he wasn't drawing, he had been building model cars. As
he walked downstairs, he heard Sasami busy in the kitchen already.  He just wanted to
let her know he would be joining them.  "Good Morning Sasami."

The little princess turned around with a bright smile as always, "Good Morning Father,
hey - will you be staying for breakfast?"

Noboyuki smiled and nodded.

"Too bad you have to leave so early all the time and work so late.  I'm glad you could
stay today."

"Thank you Sasami."

Noboyuki left the kitchen with a smile.  (Such pleasant girls.  It is nice to have
women in this house, after been empty for so long)  Then a brief sadness descended
on his thoughts, remembering his wife.  (May Tenchi never know such pain as I.)
He often reflected on the amazing dynamic of the household.  How he would have given
up vital parts of his anatomy at Tenchi's age to have such women competing over him.
(Tenchi can be so thick headed sometimes) he smiled while thinking.  He himself
would have chosen Aeka a long time ago.  Of course, his opinion was biased by the
fact that she reminded him a little of his wife when she was younger.  Ryoko was
another story - every schoolboys dream girl.  Beautiful and wild.  (Well, maybe it
isn't such an easy decision after all.)  Washuu of course had all the men in the
house spooked by her little girl appearance.  There was the incident where she had
changed into an adult that Tenchi told him about, unfortunately he didn't witness it.
And then there was beautiful Mihoshi, but besides that and her bubbly personality,
she could drive you crazy with her clumsiness.  He thought of the little Haiku he
had made up one day, to sum it all up:

Beautiful women
They are everywhere I turn
but none of them mine


His Father-in-law decided he would join them for breakfast as well.  They sat down and
had a nice chat before the meal.  At breakfast, he asked about the car.

"Oh, that little thing?  It's my latest invention!"  Washuu declared.

Noboyuki was a little disappointed, he wished it was an original instead of a replica.
"Well, what made you decide to model it after that particular car?"

"I didn't, I just picked that one at random.  Let me show you a few tricks it does
after breakfast."

Yosho had a concern he wanted to address.  "Mihoshi, Washuu.  I was wondering about
our guest.  I understand you have been feeding him well and regularly.  However, what
of his other needs?  Have you had him outside at all?  Perhaps allowed him to bathe
or get a change of clothes?"

Mihoshi hung her head in shame.  She realized she had been avoiding her prisoner, in
fact avoiding her responsibility.  With a new resolve, he looked up and said, "You
need not worry Grandfather!  I will see that all is taken care of!"

"No Mihoshi, you are on vacation.  Allow some of the others to bear the burden. I
insist."  He looked around the table meaningfully at the others.

"Don't worry Mihoshi, leave it to us."  Piped in Washuu.

"Yes Mihoshi dear, we will take care of it for you," Aeka added.

Noboyuki marveled at his new dream car, thinking (I have to have one of these!)
Washuu saw Noboyuki's youth like enthusiasm over the different shapes as she
transformed the car into some of his favorite models, and decided she would make
one for him as well.  (It's the least I can do to repay the kindness he has shown
us all.)

Aeka and Sasami took breakfast out to Morai.  Aeka was trying to decide how to go
about obeying her brothers wishes.  Once in Yukinojo by the holding cell, she took
a good look at the pirate for the first time.  He was a little tall, about 6' 2".
His black shoulder length hair was tied back in a simple pony tail.  Where he had
once worn a thin moustache, he now had several days growth of beard.  His clothes
were all wrinkled and disheveled.  His skin was slightly swarthy, and his eyes-
they were black as his hair.  They also had an intelligent look, in a malignant
sort of way.

Morai considered the purple haired woman who was regarding him curiously through
the force field door.  She hadn't spoken to him at all yet, and he wondered why
she was looking at him like that.  (She's checking me out, and not in the way I'd
like.  Why?)  Finally she spoke, in a manner full of disdain, "What are you called?"

With a dramatic bow, "Morai, milady.  Formerly of planet Koldari, at your service."

"Well Morai, today we shall see if you can behave yourself.  Since your appearence
is offensive, today we will attempt to alleviate that fact somewhat."

"Milady is too kind."

Aeka simply smirked.

"Alright, after you eat we shall return to take you somewhere to get cleaned up, but
I must warn you - do not attempt anything untoward.  It would cost you dearly."

Something in her eyes made him believe what she said.

"As you wish Milady.  And how shall I address you?"

"Call me Princess."

Aeka shut down the forcefield and took away the old meal tray before replacing it with
the full one.  Morai consider this new development (Demon, Princess, and Sasami.  Why
are they all so bold?  They are going to clean me up?)  He thought about his little
sharpened sticks hidden in his bunk, considering bringing them along, but then thought
better of it.  He needed to know more before acting.

Sasami returned to the kitchen to clean up while Aeka went to find her brother.  Little
Washuu was just finished eating when the young princess started picking up around the
table.  Washuu still felt obligated to cover for her daughters absence, so she decided
to help.  Once everything was in the kitchen, they started on dishes.  Sasami washed
while Washuu dried, and slowly learned where the different items belonged.  Soon she
found that some of the places were difficult to reach, so she changed into her taller
adult form.  Sasami jumped, startled when she turned around a moment later.  "Oh, don't
scare me like that!"

"Oh, I'm sorry Sasami!  Do you prefer me smaller?"

She thought for a moment before responding, a strange look on her face. "I don't really
have a preference, but maybe you should try being this way more often.  I think that most
of the others would prefer you that way."

Washuu considered this for a moment, remembering her resolution to get out more.  "I just
may do that after all.  Thanks Sasami."

She smiled up at Washuu before continuing on the dishes.

Aeka finally found Yosho wandering the lake shore.  "Brother, wait!"  She shouted.  He
paused and allowed her to catch up, then resumed walking.  "Yosho, I need to ask you
a favor."

"Hmm?"

"Well, it's about Mihoshi's prisoner.  He is desperately in need of a bath and change of
clothes.  I was wondering if you had something you could lend us."

"I have an old outfit you may use."

"Also, in the baths, could you, um....."

"Yes, I shall guard him in the baths as well.  It was my request to lighten Mihoshi's
burden in the first place."

"Thank you brother."

Aeka turned to go, but Yosho stopped her.  "Aeka?"

"Yes?"

"Walk with me a while?"

They traveled in silence half way around the lake, before Yosho began.  "So, how are you
adjusting to all the changes around here?"

"Well, it certainly is more peaceful."

"What of the changes in the others?"

"Well, Mihoshi I am worried about.  She acts differently sometimes because of the lab
incident I'm sure."

"She has an inner demon to face, to be certain." (Perhaps two.) He thought. "And what
of Ryoko?"

Aeka had to think for a while before answering. "Well, at times her new behavior can be
.......unsettling."

"How do you mean?"

"Well.........my view of her is changing.  It has been difficult though, considering our
........history together."

"So, are you saying that she is becoming more disturbing to you?"

"No.  She is actually behaving better than ever."

"So what is it about her changes that unsettles you?"

Aeka was silent for a minute.  Yosho was patient as always.  Finally she took a deep
breath and let out a sigh.  "It's Tenchi."

"I see.  So you believe that she is more of a threat."

"I suppose you could put it that way, brother."

Another period of silence.

"Do not concern yourself about it.  Perhaps you should try to enjoy the company of the
ones you are visiting this weekend more?"

"They could never be more than just friends.  They aren't of noble blood."

"You know how I feel about that, sister."

Aeka paused in her walking, "Perhaps I don't."

Yosho stopped, turned, and looked at her.  "What is nobility, after all?"

"Well, the royal family and other aristocracy of course."

"And what makes one family noble and another not?"

"......."

"What of my mother?"

"Well, she is the Empress of course."

"And what of before Father married her?"

"........."

"Perhaps you will in time understand my feelings on this matter.  I shall meet you at
the baths when you fetch our guest."  With that, he walked off into the woods, leaving
Aeka alone with her thoughts.

Washuu decided to be a grown-up for the rest of the day, and it was in this form that
she went t track Mihoshi down.  It wasn't too difficult, as she made sunning herself
by the lake a regular part of her day.  "There you are Mihoshi!"

The blonde turned to her side to see Washuu looking down at her benevolently. "Hello
little.......well, do I call you that when you look like this?"

"Washuu alone will do just fine.  Now, I was wondering if you would come down to see
me in the lab when you are finished here?"

Mihoshi seemed a little apprehensive at the idea, "How come?"

"Well, I had some ideas about how to deal with your little problem.  I need a baseline
from which to work.  The best thing would be a complete set of your memories......."

Mihoshi cut her off suddenly, "No, I'm sorry Washuu, I just can't let you."

"Oh sure, it's no big deal, it'll only take a couple seconds."

Washuu then saw tears coming out from behind Mihoshi's sunglasses.  She sat up from her
towel and folded her arms across her chest with her head bowed.  She turned her head
to face away from Washuu and in a barely audible voice, "I don't want you to."

Washuu sat down beside her, not knowing what to do.  "It's okay Mihoshi, we don't have
to, it was just a thought okay?"  She placed an arm around her shoulders and could feel
the blone shivering despite the warmth of the day.  "Forget about it, we'll find another
way alright?"  Mihoshi seemed to slowly relax.  "Hey, what about Friday night?  And I'll
bet you can't wait for out little outing, hmm?"

Then Mihoshi seemed to forget completely about her distress, "Oh, I hope they are as cute
as Aeka said!"

"I'm sure they are, and we're going to Disney too!"

"Oh, I love the cartoon movies they make, I can't wait!"

Washuu gave Mihoshi a little hug and said, "Me neither.  You relax and I'll see you at lunch
right?"

Mihoshi just nodded her head enthusiastically before returning to her sunbathing.  Washuu
started back to the lab, thinking of new ways to help her troubled friend.

Aeka entered Yukinojo alone.  She had given her Guardians strict instructions to remain out
of sight, but to monitor the prisoner constantly.  Azaka stationed himself in a corner of
the baths while Kamidake sat halfway between the baths and the ship.  Morai sat in thought,
wondering what bits of info his little outing would reveal.  He had a mental checklist for
filling in the holes in his knowledge.  Princess showed up like she promised, and shut down
the force field door.  Setting aside, she motioned for him walk ahead of her.

"Turn left there.......now to the right......"  Morai followed her directions, committing
the path outside to memory.  Soon he was outside, finally.  It was a beautiful day.  The
local star was of the yellow type, and the sky was blue with a few fair weather cumulus
clouds here and there.  The ship sat alongside a primitive wooden dock, which led up to a
large house of unfamiliar architecture.  They were in somewhat mountainous territory, in
what seemed to be a relatively unpopulated area.  As he walked towards a domed structure
floating in midair with no apparent support, he noticed something he had only seen in a
few pictures.  Out on the lake sat what appeared to be a Juraian tree ship unit, with a
small tree in the center.  He disciplined himself to continue noting the layout of the
area and it's surroundings before his mind could begin wildy contemplating the meaning
of all this.  (I'll have plenty of time to think on these tings later.)  As they approached
the entrance to the baths, he saw an old man waiting for them.  Under one arm he held a
bundle of clothes, and in his other hand he held what appeared to be a wooden sword.  He
would have laughed before he realized he would have gladly traded his little sharp sticks
for the bokken.  The old man took over from there, motioning him inside.

"So, I finally get to meet our guest.  I am Katsuhito, please come with me."

The baths were luxurious.  Morai was used to the cramped shower facilities on his old ship.
Not having a chance to clean up for a few days, he was more than ready to get washed up.
Stripping down, he started towards the water, "Wait."

He turned to see the old man pointing towards a set of low waterfalls.  "Wash up there
first, then you may soak in the water."

Shrugging his shoulders, he complied.  Soon he was resting in the hot water.  The old
man sat by quietly, watching.  Instead of getting information from the old man, he got
questions.  "So, I trust you have been eating well?"

"Yes, very well."  Morai made it a point to be polite, as his status was still unknown.

"I must apologize for the delay in attending to your other needs, but other things have
taken precedence."

This statement caused Morai some confusion, (Apologizing to me?)

"We are all still undecided on how to deal with your situation, but I can assure you that
we will find a way.  May I ask you, in light of your recent actions, what would you consider
to be a suitable punishment?"

"You are asking me?"

"Yes.  Your final disposition will be ultimately decided by Detective First Class Mihoshi of
the Galaxy Police, but any suggestions you may have will be given due consideration."

"I'm not sure I understand."

"You need not answer now, but be sure to think on it thoroughly.  You will have a great deal
of time to do so.  Detective Mihoshi is in charge of this protected area, and with her
position comes wide authority.  Basically, you are at her......disposal."

Morai didn't like the sound of that last statement one bit, "Mihoshi....the blonde one?"

Katsuhito nodded, and Morai sank down into the water, muttering negative things.


The mailman parked his bicycle and cautiously approached the gate.  Today things were
different.  The strange wooden posts weren't there, and he had an express mail envelope
to deliver.  He opened the gates and approached the house in fear.  In the past, he had
seen and heard strange things.  Besides the fact that this house had appeared on the
route suddenly one day, there was also the local legend of the demon imprisoned up at
the shrine.  Odd sounds could be heard along with the occasional boom of an explosion.
On at least one occasion he found the place completely destroyed, only to see it fully
restored the next day.  He was even more afraid to tell anyone of what he'd seen, for
fear of being locked away as a madman.  The door loomed fearfully before him, and he
reluctantly rang the bell.  The woman that answered the door was an unusual one, but
despite her foreign looks and unusual hair color, she took his breath away.  After a
moment Aeka said, "Well, are you going to speak or gawk all day."

"Uh, special delivery ma'am, sign here please?"

Taking the offered pen, Aeka signed her name in Juraian script (similar to Hirigana).

Bowing, the mailman quickly returned to his bicycle, his apprehension returning
despite the beauty at the door.  Aeka looked the large envelope over.  It was addressed
to her brother, with the return address of a nearby shrine listed.  Curious, she began
to walk to the baths.

Washuu decided to fill Ryoko's new role in the kitchen assisting Sasami with lunch.  She
remained in her adult form, as she was a 'bigger help' that way.  "Say Washuu, would you
go with me to bring lunch to Morai today?"

"The prisoner?"  Washuu thought it would be an interesting diversion, "Of course."

Aeka met her brother as the two left the baths.  "Yosho, this came for you today."

Morai's ears perked up at the name she used.  Thanking his sister, he took the envelope
and tore it open, removing the four letters inside.  "I believe this is for you Aeka.
Here."  He handed one to her.  "I shall escort our guest here to the ship.  Please give
these to the others."  He handed her the rest, and continued on towards Yukinojo.

Aeka looked at the envelope and instantly recognized whose writing it was (TENCHI!)

She opened the letter carefully, almost reverently, and began reading,


Dear Aeka,

Well, it's been a pretty long week for me. The master I am training with, Ernesto,
is well versed in many of Earths advanced fighting techniques. He has been keeping
me very busy. I haven't done much other than train, eat, and rest. Some summer
vacation, huh? But honestly, it has been alot of fun. I hope everyone is getting
along back home. Tomorrow I'm going to leave here to meet the next master. All
this secrecy in my travel arrangements turned out to be a way to keep anyone from
finding out where grandpa lives. It seems he is a legend in Earths sword fighting
community, and he would be swamped with aspiring students if anyone knew where he
was! I'll write back next week, good bye until then!

Tenchi


She didn't expect a mushy love letter, but had hoped for.....something more.
Sighing, she returned to the house.  She found Sasami in the kitchen, "I have a
letter for you Sasami, from Tenchi!"

"O Boy!"  The little princess explained while rapidly wiping her hands clean.


Dear Sasami,

Thank you for the tasty snacks. This is my first week away, and I've been
in a suburb of San Franciso. I've been busy training, so I haven't been around
to see much other than the dojo and some friends houses. Back home just about
everyone is Japanese, but here, there are more nationalities than I can count.
The training has been tough so far, but I'm learning new techniques. I've made
some new friends (and maybe even a new enemy!) My host, Ernesto, is a very nice
man with a wonderful family. I went to a party last night and learned how to
dance. I hope all is well back home. Take care of everyone for me!

Tenchi

"I'm going to make some more stuff for him after lunch!"  Smiling, she continued
on with lunch preparation.

Washuu was looking at Aeka expectantly, "Well?"

"I'm sorry Miss Washuu, you didn't receive one."

"Oh,"  Washuu said, looking a little crestfallen.  (I guess it hasn't fully hit
me yet that he isn't my little guinea pig anymore, as if he ever was.  But no
letter for me?) She returned quietly to the task assigned her as Aeka went to
find Mihoshi.

Mihoshi was in her customary spot by the lake still.  Where she was from the sun
was much stronger, and it took her much longer to tan here.  "I have a letter
for you Mihoshi dear."  Mihoshi saw up excited, "For me?  But who would write
me here?"

Aeka chuckled, happy to see Mihoshi acting like her old self, "From Lord Tenchi
of course!"

"Oooooo!"  Squealed Mihoshi as she snatched the letter from Aeka's hand. tearing
it open quickly.


Dear Mihoshi,

I'm having fun out here, learning alot. I hope you are feeling better after what
happened in Washuu's lab. I was really worried about you. I was glad to see you
and Ryoko getting along so well. Take care of each other for me while I am gone,
okay? You would have been proud of me yesterday! I protected someone from a mean
guy who wanted to boss her around. I think he is in trouble with the police now.
Stay safe when you are out on patrol. See you later!

Tenchi


Mihoshi finished with a big grin on her face, "Wanna read it Aeka?"

"well, if you don't mind....."  Mihoshi thrust it at her excitedly, and after a
moment of thought, Aeka handed hers over for the blonde to read.

On the way back to the house, Aeka considered the final envelope.  (When is she
getting back?  I hope she hasn't worn out our welcome with Joey.)  Once inside,
she placed it on Tenchi's bed, knowing that the pirate had taken it over in his
absence.  She wasn't happy about it, but didn't think it was worth fighting over.
(As long as she doesn't expect to continue sleeping here when my Tenchi returns.)

The Mihoshi and Sasami discussed Tenchi's adventures excitedly over lunch, but
Aeka and Washuu remained mostly quiet.  Washuu knew her daughter had won Tenchi's
heart, but not getting a letter from him still hurt her feelings.  (At least
Ryoko is finally happy.)  Opening her link for a moment, she felt pleasant dreams
floating back.  Comforted by this somewhat, she turned her thoughts to other
things.  Aeka was still slightly disappointed by the letter.  (I suppose I should
not expect him to act any differently while he is away.  Will he be non-committal
to the end?)  Then Sasami said something that pulled her from her thoughts.

"What was that you said?"

Sasami turned to her sister, "Oh, Tenchi said he learned how to dance!  That's good
because I could tell during the going away party that he needed some pointers."

Aeka felt a twinge of jealously at the thought of Tenchi dancing with some stranger.
Then she remembered her night out with Ryoko, and felt a pang of guilt.  (Perhaps I
should listen to Yosho's advice after all.)  Slightly confused at her mixed feelings,
she excused herself from the table, deciding to take a walk alone to think.

Washuu's mood lightened considerably as she contemplated the fun ahead.  She and
Sasami were off together to feed Morai.  Washuu was back into her small size again,
wanting to see if the prisoner acted differently around little girls.

Morai was lost in thought, going over the new information and the question the old
man had left him with.  (Yosho, Juraian tree ship........I've heard that name before.
If this is that Juraian protectorate we hit the caravan near.........)  He was
interrupted from his thoughts by the new arrival.  (Two young girls now.  How can these
people be so bold?  Are they baiting me?)  Both girls were smiling, and Morai turned
on the charm.  "Hello Sasami.  And hello......what's your name?"

"Little Washuu."  She said in her best little girl voice.

"Pleased to meet you."

Sasami couldn't hold back her giggles anymore, amused at her friends deception.  Washuu
Washuu began giggling too.  (Typical little girls.)

Sasami lowered the force field while Washuu boldy strode into the cell with the tray,
"Here you are sir!" she said as she handed it to him, giggling.

"So you're a for real space pirate, huh?"

"Yes, I suppose so."

"How long you been one?"

He considered for a moment before answering, "About ten years."

"You ever been caught before?"

"No, not until now."

"You must be really tricky then."

Both girls began giggling again.

(Why don't I just bolt out of here, right now?  What could these two possibly do to stop
me?)  While weighing the possibility in his head, Washuu carefully observed his body
language.  The way his eyes were darting towards the doorway and the tension building in
his frame indicated his anxiousness.  Acting quickly, she backed away, pulling Sasami
out with her before closing the force field.

Suddenly Morai was almost relieved.  He had come so close to running out without proper
planning first.  (I have to get a grip here.  No running off half-cocked!  But that
redhead.....it was almost as if she knew.......)

"Bye-Bye!"  The two girls said in unison, while waving.

Once outside the ship, "Sasami, don't ever go there alone.  He's a sneaky one."

"But he doesn't seem so bad.  Ryoko can be sneaky too."

"But she's a different story altogether!"

"That's what Aeka said."  Sasami said quietly.

Assuming this to be an agreement, Washuu dropped the subject.  Growing back to full
size she said, "Hey, let's all go out to dinner tonight!"

Sasami got all excited over this, remembering their last ride into town, "Okay!  We
can bring Morai a doggie bag!"

Laughing together, they entered the house.


************************************************************************************


Art was an early riser, and made it a habit to go out and run for half an hour every
morning.  Rain, shine or snow, he pushed himself hard, until it hurt.  A trick he
learned was that when you are in that zone, you concentrate on other things to keep
your mind off the discomfort.  Right now he considered the things he wanted to have
accomplished before the day was done in regards to his guests.  First, he wanted to
read the incident report from the night of Ryoko's arrival.  He'd been too busy to
look at it the day before.  He wasn't entirely convinced of the story Tenchi handed
him about her being a Ninja.  He got the feeling they were pulling one over on him.
She was such an unusual looking girl, he figured she would stand out in Japan like
a swan in a duck pond. Tenchi would have been difficult to track down, but her? A
piece of cake!  He needed more information though, and a seemingly innocent conversation
can reveal much.  His thoughts drifted to the Tournament.  He had been number 10 until
he loaned Ernesto the money to start his own business, and the distration from constant
sword training had given Art the edge.  Next in line will be Nate, the Green Beret from
Fort Bragg.  The last tournament bout they had together had been close, maddeningly so
for Art.  He spent a month in Japan after that with all the sword masters he could buy,
reviewing time and again the video's taken by Arts assistant.  Not just the video of their
fight, but Nate's fight with Ernesto, and Carl - the number 7 master.  The system masters
in Japan declined to participate in the tournaments, to the chagrin of some and the thanks
of others.  They were more than willing to train the contestants however.  Art lost
millions of dollars worth of opportunities because of that little trip.  (But Tenchi
could show me so much more than they ever could.  He has a way of making me see things
more clearly with his friendly nature than those stern old men.)  But he was torn
between his new found interest in the mysterious Ryoko, and his obsession for advancing
in the ranks of top swordsmen.  (There's just something about her.....I can't quite put my
finger on it.)  He finished his run near the main guard shack where he did some cool
down exercises and stretches before going to read that report.

The guard commander was waiting for him with a fresh cup of coffee and the paper he wanted
to see:



INCIDENT REPORT
21 JUNE

WEATHER  SKY CLEAR, VISIBILTY UNLIMITED
NIGHTTIME
MOONLIGHT 12% ILLUMINATION

2140
Subject exits house and proceeds to low ridgeline halfway
to airfield.  Movement tracked by infrared sensors.

2145
Subject remains in place on ridgeline, no activity.

2157
Camera interference begins.  Visual contact with subject lost.

2200
Visual reacquired.  Appearance of second subject.

2203
Both subjects return to house.

METHOD OF INFILTRATION UNDETERMINED AT THIS TIME

POSSIBILITIES:
AERIAL INSERTION OR INFRARED AVOIDANCE GEAR USED
FIRST SUBJECT DEPLOYED SOME SORT OF JAMMING EQUIPMENT


Respectfully Submitted,
Christopher Conklin
Shift Commander



"You think she jumped in Chris?"

"It seems like the only plausible theory.  There were so signs of any equipment anywhere,
however.  We went over the whole area with a fine tooth comb looking for a 'chute or a
IR suit.....nothing."

"Hmm.......looks like I might have to take Sherlock Holmes advice."

Perplexed, the ex-commando asked, "And what would that be, sir?"

Art sighed and quoted with a furrowed brow,"When you have eliminated the impossible,
whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth?"

"I'll keep that in mind sir."

"The end of you shift coming up?"

"Yes sir."

"DO you still maintain your contacts from your past....employment?"

"I have a chat with some old friends from time to time."

"I might ask you to call on them later, thanks for the report."

"No problem sir."

On his helicopter ride to the city, he asked his pilot about his old friend at the FAA, and
called in a favor.


The morning light streamed in through the window, hitting Ryoko right in the face.  She
stirred, and slowly opened her eyes to regard the orange ball climbing over the horizon.
So much had happened in so little time.  So much change.  She looked at Tenchi.  She
loved watching him sleep.  He had said the night before that he needed more sleep, because
his host had gone through so much trouble and expense to bring him here to train.  It
wouldn't be right if he wasn't in top form to make it worthwhile.  So she had taken it
easy with him, remembering Yosho's words as well, "You two have alot to catch up on, just
try not to all at once."  Today they would catch up on other things.  A half hour or so
later, Tenchi opened his eyes to be greeted by the sight that used to frighten him, instead
he smiled, eliciting a bigger beautiful smile from the ex-pirate.  Then she frowned, as
if considering something, "Tenchi, what is this terrible taste in my mouth from?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well, I guess I didn't tell you yet.  For as long as I could remember, I had no sense of
taste."

Tenchi looked at her, suprise and sympathy mixed on his face, "Ryoko....."

"It's okay now, Washuu fixed it.  But she said that everything she gave back had drawbacks."

"Everything?"

"Well, taste wasn't all that was broke......"

She went over all the things she had restored, one in particular brought a blush to both of
them, despite their new found intimacy. "But I haven't found out what the drawback is to
that one yet."  She giggled behind her hand.

"Ahem...well that taste in your mouth....it's called morning breath."

"Oh, how do you get rid of it?"

"Brush your teeth or eat something.  I guess you don't have to worry about tooth decay,
with your regenerative abilities. And.....I never noticed anything wrong with the way
your mouth....tastes."

Ryoko seized his head in both her hands and engaged him in a loving lip lock.  "Hmmm..
I see what you mean, you could use a good brushing Tenchi."

"Ryoko!"

She phased out of bed and re-appeared by the sink, laughing.

"Oh, no, you aren't getting away so easy!"  Tenchi launched a pillow at her while
simultaneously leaping out of bed to give chase.  Ryoko avoided him easily, laughing
all the way.  What struck her as the most funny was the fact Tenchi was chasing her
for a change.  (Well, I'll just have to let him catch me.....but where?)  She let
him corner her out on the balcony, where she turned to face him, with her back up
against the railing.  Tenchi ran up and grabbed her, "You got me, now what are you
going to do with me?"  She whispered seductively.  Scooping her up, he carried her
into the bath area and threw her in.  Rising out of the water and shaking her hair
free of water, she pouted.  "But I had a better idea."

"No, not until after I train with Art tonight."  Tenchi laughed.  He turned towards
the sink where he kept the toothbrush, self-conscious despite the fact Ryoko was
only joking about the taste of his mouth.  Curious, she phased over next to him.
Grabbing the brush before he could, she asked, "Can I do it for you?"

"What?"

"Can I brush your teeth for you?"

Tenchi raised his eyebrows, considering the request.  He hated telling her no again.
"Oh, alright.  Here...."  He took the brush and rinsed it under the water and applied
toothpaste.  "Okay, now I won't be able to tell you what to do after you start, just
make sure you get all the teeth, and use a circular motion.  And don't press too hard
or you'll hurt my gums."

Ryoko faced him and Tenchi opened his mouth wide as she carefully cleaned his teeth.
She used a washcloth to wipe any of the stuff that started running out over his lips.
He was pleasantly suprised at how careful and thorough she was, and the look of
concentration on her face struck a chord in his memory.  A thought rose spontaneously
in his mind (She would make a good mother)  She then stopped and smiled at him, and
for a moment he thought she heard him thinking.

"All done!"

Tenchi spit out into the sink, and rinsed out his mouth using a paper cup.

"Let's see how you taste now!"  She began kissing him, and Tenchi's resolve to wait
began to weaken.  But he somehow found the strength, breaking off the kiss.  "Okay.....
I'll going to order up some breakfast, what'll you have?"

"Chocolate ice cream?"

Tenchi laughed, "Not for breakfast!  How about a nice western omelette?"



Art sat in his office when his desk intercom sounded, "Sir, a package just arrived for you."

"Send it in."

A bicycle courier soon entered, and he signed for it.  Once alone in his office, he opened
the package revealing a video tape and an envelope.  He watched the entire half hour of
recorded radar returns for his home area.  Nothing.  Not a single aircraft passed overhead
according to the data.  The handwitten letter basically outline what he had already seen.
(whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth)

He pressed a button on his intercom, "Get me Chris Conklin on the phone."

Shortly thereafter, sounding a bit sleepy, "Sir?"

"I need that favor, can you find me the best black bag job man in Japan?"

"I'll put out the word sir."

Art hung up and became lost in his thoughts, (A damn ninja....hmm)


After eating Tenchi called Alan and asked for a ride to the shooting range.  He met them
outside with the jeep and drove them over.  Once there Tenchi began explaining to Ryoko
how the setup worked and Alan showed her how to use the shotgun.  Little did they know,
a small audience had gathered.  Art had given his guards strict instructions to increase
their surveillance of the couple to see what intel they could obtain through observation.

"So let me get this straight, I yell 'pull', and once that little orange thing launches
into the air I blast it to bits with this gun?"

"That's all ma'am."

"Okay, here goes......PULL"

The clay pigeon sailed through the air.  Tenchi and Alan (and the hidden guards watching
though binoculars) watched as it sailed further and further away.  It reached the peak of
its trajectory and began descending.  "Ryoko, aren't you going to......"

BOOM

She 'smoked' the clay disk out of the air on the first try, at about max range.  Ryoko
turned around and looked at Tenchi, "Did I do it right?"

Tenchi wasn't as surpised as Alan or the other observers.  "You did great, but you don't
have to wait so long before you shoot next time."

"Okay, let me reload here."  Alan saw how expertly she opened the action and inserted
another shell, not believing for a second that she had not handled a shotgun before.
Especially ot with the shot she just made.

"PULL"

BOOM

The target disk barely made it off the launcher before she blasted it, scaring both men.

"Uh, you can wait just a bit longer than that, at least a second or two."

"Okay, sorry about that!" She said with a smile.

Ryoko easily blasted the next five targets from the air with ease.  Then she asked,"Say
Alan, is there a way to make this more challenging?"

"Well, ma'am as a matter of fact there is.  It is a variation called skeet shooting,
what you have been doing so far is trap shooting.  In skeet shooting the targets
emerge from different places, two houses so to speak.........."

After explaining all the rules, he showed Ryoko the walkway and pointed out the target
area.  He gave her a different shotgun this time, one that automatically reloaded, but
it only held three shots at a time.  She showed her how to reload it before manning the
controls.  Ryoko had no trouble blasting away all the targets, even when two were
launched at the same time.  She quickly got bored of this as well.

"Can you make it tougher?"  She asked Alan.

"Well, we could go to a different course, near the tree line."

They drove over to the next course, and along the way Alan descibed the rules to sporting
clay shooting.  In the meantime, the guards redeployed so they could watch the amazing
performance.

Art knew full well that nobody ever hits every sporting clay.......ever.  There were just
too many variables.  Once at the first station, he reminded Ryoko, "Now remember ma'am,
the targets launch themselves inside of a three second window after you yell 'pull'."

"Okay, let me load up again."

The first station simulated a flock of birds by throwing four mini targets overhead.  To
be considered successful you had to hit two.

"PULL"

After two seconds streaks of orange flew overhead and....

BOOM BOOM BOOM click

"Oops!  I forgot this only holds three."  Ryoko said as Alan stood gaping (She's fast!)

The next station was similar to the first, but the targets flew past lower, and one was
yellow to simulate non-legal game, and you lost if you hit it.

"So I'm not supposed to blast the yellow thing, but the others?"

"Yes ma'am."

"Okay.....PULL"

BOOM BOOM BOOM

Naturally, she blasted all three orange ones and allowed the yellow one to sail past,
unscathed.  "Um...you only had to hit one ma'am."

"Oh, sorry!"

"That's perfectly fine ma'am."

"Say Alan, just call me Ryoko alright?  Enough of this ma'am business."

"Yes, very good.  On to the next station then?"

Ryoko continued to shoot perfectly through the next five stations before she tired of
this as well.  Tenchi watched the whole event smiling proudly, while the guards and
Alan scratched their heads in wonder.




"Let me get this straight, she's a world champion clay shooter as well?"  Art said
into the phone.

"Yes sir, I saw it myself.  She missed nothing, it was incredible," said the day guard
commander.

Art hung up the phone, with more information to digest.




"What else is there to do around here?"  Ryoko asked on the way back to the house.

Alan considered the question, wondering what a young lady would enjoy.  "Perhaps
you would care to tour the gardens?"

"Nah.........say, does Art have a motorcycle here?"

"Which type would you prefer......Ryoko?"

"Um........type?"

"Well, let me show you what we have......."

Inside the first garage were different types of offroad vehicles.  Ryoko's attention
was immediately fixated on a particularly large orange dirtbike.  "What's this?"

"Oh, well I have to ask, have you ever been on one of these before?"

"Not like this one."

"Well, that would probably not be a good choice for a beginner."

"Why not?"

"Well, that one is very powerful and difficult to control.  Please, try this one
first."  Alan indicated a smaller more tame machine.  "Now I must warn you before
we start, these machines, even the tame ones, can be very dangerous if not ridden
properly.  Have you ever driven a motorcycle Tenchi?"

"No, never.  I've ridden bicycles though."

Alan smiled, "Very similar concept.  I will be taking the lead on this ride.  As
long as you stay with me, you should be at a safe speed.  Now, let me show you how
to operate these........"

Alan had Tenchi start slowly, riding in circles.  It took him a few tries to get the
feel of releasing the clutch.  Then he had him start on a small course where he had
to practice shifting through the gears.  Ryoko picked it up much more quickly than
Tenchi, and soon was making circuits around the house.  Tenchi felt like he had the
hang of it when he noticed his hunger.

"Hey Alan, I think I'll have lunch before we go for that ride.  You think it would be
okay if I went to find Ryoko."

"Of course Tenchi, I will wait for you here."

Tenhi rode off in the opposite direction around the house to head off Ryoko.

The ex-pirate was pushing the envelope as always.  She remembered her ride
though Tokyo with Greg, and the performance of this machine was disappointing
in comparison.  She managed to ride a few wheelies and use some of the terrain
features as jumps.  Unfortunately for Tenchi, she was in the middle of another
airborne excursion when he rounded a corner.  He shouted in suprise and laid
the bike over as she passed in front of him.  She turned to see him fall and
leapt off her bike in midair and flew towards Tenchi, afraid he had been hurt.




"Did you see that?" asked the first guard.

"What," asked the other guard, who was momentarity distracted by a mosquito in his ear.

"I dunno, it was kinda weird.  She jumped off the bike when the one kid wrecked, it just
didn't look right."

"What did it look like?"

"I'm not sure, it was almost like.......damn, I don't know.  Maybe I've been staring too
long."




"TENCHI!"  Ryoko yelled, kneeling next to him in concern.  Tenchi wasn't hurt though,
just suprised.  He reached up to pull off his helmet, then smiled at her.  "Looks like
you found another way to fly."

"Are you hurt?"

"No, I'm fine, c'mon lets get back.  I'm starved."

They rode back together, and Alan took them to have lunch.



"Hello sir?" The night guard commander said wearily over the phone.

"Yeah Chris."

"I've a name and a number for you.  They'll want to schedule an appointment with you,
at a place of their choosing before they decide to take on the job.  Here's who you
have to call.........."




After a quick light lunch, the trio was back at the garage.  Alan was helping Tenchi
put on some of the heavier protective riding gear when he was startled by the loud
sound of a powerful engine starting.  Before he could turn to see, Ryoko was gone.

(Oh, this is the feeling!  Much better!)  Ryoko thought as she blazed off across the
estate on the powerful race bike, her hair streaming in the wind behind her.  The
front wheel spent most of the time off the ground, so she leaned forward so she
could give it more gas.  She took off in the general direction of the woods.

The guards rapidly mobilized, and the day commander had one of his men go up in the
helicopter, which had been on standby all day in case of such an event.  Within two
minutes they were airborne, off to follow the unusual guest.

Ryoko quickly found one of the dirt roads heading off into the treeline, and followed
it through some bends.  She threw large amounts of dirt behind her spinning tire as she
hit the throttle coming out of turns.  The road forked, and she turned onto the road
leading towards higher ground.  Soon she was climbing a steep hill, and having a tough
time keeping the front wheel down.  She flew over the top in a big jump and landed in a
clearing.  She spun the back wheel out as she stopped, and then noticed the chopper
bearing down on her. (Uh oh, I've got company.)  Realizing that she might be pushing the
hospitality envelope a little too much, she waved up at the men in the helicopter.



"Ever see anyone climb that hill so fast Marty?"  the guard asked as he waved back.

"Nope, hell, I can't even climb that hill on that bike!"  replied the pilot.



Ryoko saw the man in the air waving to her, and figured they were just looking out
for her well being.  Dropping the bike into first gear, she roared off into the
woods again.


"Damn, look at her move!  She's gotta be a pro!"  exclaimed the guard.

"Yeah, I wish I could ride half as good as her."


Deciding she'd had enough fun, Ryoko rode back down to the estate.  She didn't look
forward to the scolding she knew was coming from Tenchi for her taking off.  But she
had wanted to ride a fast bike so badly, she just could not stop herself.  Off in the
distance, she saw Tenchi and Alan riding towards her.  She continued on to meet them.

"RYOKO!  Don't ever do that again!"

She suddenly found the gas tank on the motorcycle very interesting.  "I'm sorry, I
just wanted to........."

"Lets just go back, okay?"

She just nodded, and followed him and Alan as they returned to the house.




"Hamerton-san, you wish to arrange a meeting?"

"Yes, are you available to meet in Tokyo sometime next week?"

"Hai.  Check into the Imperial Hotel, and we shall find you."

CLICK

(Hmm, very melodramatic.  But they are supposed to be the best.) Art thought, as his
phone rang.  "Yes.........I see.......hmm.......alright."  (An expert motocross rider
too?  What the hell can't she do?")



Tenchi and Ryoko walked to their room in silence.  Ryoko was mentally kicking herself
for screwing things up, and Tenchi was mentally kicking himself for yelling at her.
(She was just having fun, and she couldn't really hurt herself anyway.  I guess I
overreacted a bit.)  Once in the room, he walked out onto the balcony and she sat
down on the bed, looking down at the floor.  He looked out at the view, wondering
what to say.  Tenchi turned towards her as she looked up and they began to speak at
the exact same time, "I'm sorry......"

"I was just........"

"I didn't mean......"

Finally Tenchi put up his hand, "Let me go first okay?"

She nodded.

"I'm sorry I yelled at you. I was just worried about you when you took off like that.
I didn't mean to hurt you like that."

"And I'm sorry I took off like that.  I was just trying to have some fun.  I didn't
mean to worry you like that."

The sheepish little grin she had on her face was just so endearing to Tenchi.  He
began to slowly walk towards her, and he talked as he went, "You know, it's alright.
Your wild side is one of the things I love about you.  I wouldn't want you to act
any other way.  Can you forgive me?"  He finished as he stopped before her.

She looked up at him then with that mischievous grin of hers, before pulling him to
the bed, making him fall on top of her.  They began kissing, the little spat all
forgotten and forgiven.  Ryoko even managed to get Tenchi to break his little
resolution.

Towards evening, Tenchi got his call from Alan announcing Arts arrival within ninety
minutes.  In the meantime, they decided to soak in the bath for a while, and eat
after training.

Resting in the tub, Ryoko decided to ask a few questions to clear up some things
that had been bugging her.  "Tenchi?"

"Hmm?"

"Do you think you'll ever go to Jurai?"

"Well, I've thought about it.  Maybe we can stop there on our vacation?"

"Well, it probably wouldn't be such a good idea for me to go there....."

"well, I guess I won't then."

Ryoko looked up at him suddenly, intensely, "What about your title....your birthright?"

"Birthright?  Did you see how Azusa acted towards me on Earth that one time?  You
really think he would want to hand over his Empire to me?  As if I wanted it in the
first place......."

"You don't want it?"  She asked, still watching him carefully.

"I don't think so, I'm kind of attached to this planet anyway."

She scooted closer to him in the water and laid her head on his shoulder, "That's good."

He smiled down at her and said, "And you?  Think you could stand spending most of your
time on Earth with me?"

"I don't care where we are, as long as I'm with you."

"You won't get bored on this planet with me?"

She put her lips very close to his ear and whispered breathily, "Never."

A little shiver went up his spine as her breath hit his ear, and she smiled at the
reaction she got from him.

"So, you'd give up your Empire for me?"

"If it was mine to give up, yes."

"And you're sure that......I'm who you want to be with?"

"Am I sure?  Why do you think it took so long for me to figure this out?  I had to
be sure, because when I finally took this step, I knew there was no going back.  I
love you, now and forever."

"Tenchi......"  was all she could get out, before hugging him tight.



Tenchi and Art faced each other in their full suits of Kendo armor, bamboo swords
held at the ready.  Ryoko sat by in silent audience.  Art made it a point not to
pay any attention to her during this bout.  Tenchi felt pretty good, despite the
heavy armor.  Art attacked first, and he used all his speed and power.  Tenchi
could see the difference in his fighting immediately.  (He's more in his element
like this.)  After several strikes and parrys, Tenchi leapt back, slightly winded.
Arts confidence was up, and rightly so.  He was giving as good as he got today.
Deciding to press this perceived advantage, he moved in, wanting to wear his
opponent down.  (His stance is better, and he isn't over extending himself. He's
trying to wear me down too.  Well, I still have one edge.......)  Tenchi resorted
to go 100% defensive, and play the waiting game.  (Either he'll tire or leave me
and opening eventually....)  Art still used too much physical power instead of
technique, and this was the flaw Tenchi would exploit.  Art began to slow, and
when he attempted a downward strike Tenchi deflected it to the side while shuffling
away to the left.  He then brought his sword down on top of Arts, and pushed it
around to the left and then up before snapping down diagonally onto his host's neck.


Art stepped back breathing heavily, and took off his face mask.  Tenchi did the
same to answer the inevitable question.  "You are much better today, but you
still need to work on your economy of motion.  You rely too much on your strength,
and therein lies your weakness.  Tell me though, do you usually train with Kendo?"

"Well, yes."

"Why not try with bokken more often.  I think you are too used to training this
way.  Variety would help you to get better."

"But this is how we fight in the Tournament, so I want to train this way"

"The Tournament?"

"Well, surely you know of the annual sword contest...."

Tenchi looked at him, not understanding.

"How do you think we get our ranking?"

"I didn't know."

"Your Grandfather never told you?"

"No, he just said I needed more variety in sparring partners."

"Well then, I suppose you'll want to go to the next one."

Tenchi considered this for a moment, "Perhaps.  Shall we continue?"

They placed their masks back on and continued.  Tenchi went back to
his defensive technique, and Art tried to use less strength and more
technique.  Tenchi decided to try a fancy move on him if the proper
opening was presented to him.  He didn't have to wait long.  While
blocking a side strike from the right, he placed his right foot behind
and to the left of his other foot and spun around backwards swinging
his sword one handed, dropping to his left knee and holding his other
hand back for balance.  This brought all the power physics would allow
into a crushing strike to Arts right.  The force of the blow nearly
knocked Art off his feet as his own sword was pushed back in the weak
block he didn't quite make in time.

Art stepped back, and removed his mask, then took off the armor and
held his side where the last blow hit.  "Would that last hit fall
under the 'economy of motion' rule?"

"Absolutely.  Let me teach you that one."

After going over the technique with Art, he taught him a short kata that
employed it.

Deciding he'd had enough for the night, Art decided to bring up other
issues, "Ryoko, I was wondering, could I ask if you would favor me with
a small demonstration of your.....abilities?"

Ryoko replied with a straight face, "You want me to assasinate you?"

Art chuckled, a little nervously, "Well, how about some other things,
like stealth techniques."

Ryoko thought back to the silly movie they had watched the night before.
She remembered one scene where the guy threw a ball on the ground and
it made a cloud of smoke.  Thinking quickly, she grabbed a water bottle
off of Tenchi as he was in the middle of a big drink, "Hey!"

She just smiled at him and poured some of the water into her cupped hand
before handing the bottle back.  Holding it in front of her face she
concentrated a little, and superheated the water as she dropped her hand
down, producing a large cloud of steam.  She then phased out of the room.
As the cloud dissipated, Art looked wildly around the room, then up at the
ceiling (Well, if I had any doubts, they're gone now.)  Tenchi tried not
to laugh, but he couldn't help but smile.  Ryoko reappeared behind Art,
holding the sheathed ninja sword to his neck.  He jumped when he felt the
contact, turning wide eyed to see what it was.  (Where did you come from?
And just who the hell.....what the hell are you?)

Calming himself, he said, "Well, that was interesting.  Would you two care
to join me for a late dinner?"

"Okay,"  they agreed in unison.

Later on in the dining area, "Well, I guess you would like to know more
about the Tournament, Tenchi."

"Well, I am curious about it, and why Grandpa never mentioned it."

"well, it's by invitation only.  My ranking allows me to do this, so I'd like
to take this opportunity to invite both of you to the next one."

"Well, when is it?"  Ryoko asked.

"They are held yearly on the Autumnal Equinox, usually the third week of
September.  It lasts for five days."

"Where is it held?"  Tenchi asked.

"I don't know yet, it is in a different location every year.  Last year it
was held on the island of Guam."

"Sounds like fun!"  Ryoko said.

Art smiled at her, "Oh, it is.  Definitely.  Can I expect you two there?"

Tenchi looked to the side and narrowed his eyes in thought, "I'll have to
ask Grandpa and Dad first."

(I almost forgot this guy is still just a kid!)

"Of course, so what do you both like to do for fun?"

Ryoko spoke up, "Well, I love going out to Karaoke bars and singing."

"I've heard you are pretty good with a shotgun too."

"Oh, that.  I guess I'm alright."

"Don't be so modest, Ryoko."

"Modest, me?"  She said sarcastically.

"And you Tenchi?"

"Hmm, well.....being with Ryoko is all the fun I need."

Ryoko looked over at him lovingly, and grasped his hand under the table.



"Ahem....well, I have a business proposition - for both of you."

"Hmm?" both inquired.

"You are both obviously very talented people, and as such are a valuable find.
I have positions available for both of you working for me.  Tenchi, you can
probably tell that the art of the sword is very important to me.  I would
love to hire you full time as my personal trainer.  Please don't answer now,
take all the time you need to make that decision."

"Ryoko, as you've probably guessed, I work in a world where the stakes are high.
I could always use someone with your....talents.  There are many who try to spy
and steal from me, and I need an expert in order to stop them.  Again, don't
answer right away.  Give it some thought."

"We will"  They said together, before looking at each other curiously.

They bid Art good evening, and headed off to their room for Ryoko's last night
at the Mansion.




**********************************************************************************

Authors notes:
I got the idea of Ryoko liking motorcycles from the manga put out in graphic
novel format by Viz.  Specifically No Need for Tenchi #6 on page 43, there is
a picture of Ryoko standing behind a fancy little racing bike.  If you would
like to see it, I would gladly e-mail it to you for the small price of a review!

Again, thanks to all those who have read and reviewed so far.  There has been a
change of plans in my writing schedule, so keep tuned for updates.  Happy reading!