Standard Disclaimer if you have any questions just read the top of every 
other Fan Fic in the world.

This story takes place in the OAV universe sometime after the third OAVs.

Ever After

Chapter1:  The World as We Know It.


	"Um, Miss. Washu."  Sasami called into the huge laboratory, waiting 
patiently for a response as the slightly taller cabbit, Ryo-Ohki, fidgeted 
beside her.
	"Miss. Washu are you in there."  Sasami called out again.  Washu rarely 
showed up for a meal now that the house was empty.  With Tenchi, Ryoko, and 
Aeka away at college.  Well Tenchi had gone to college, and the other two 
had naturally followed him.
	That just left Kiyone and Mihoshi who were sometimes around the house. But 
with Kiyone keeping a tight leash on Mihoshi they seemed to be away on a 
long patrol or whatever cops did to kill time.  And then their was the 
incident with the Space Shuttle and Mihoshi's driving which had forced them 
to notify the UN Security Council of the officers and the rest of the 
galaxy's inhabitants existence.  Luckily no one had been severely hurt, but 
to make it up they had been coerced into helping Earth get a leg up, so to 
speak.  Kiyone was still in such a state of shock over the whole incident 
and kept moaning over her chances of promotion after making contact with the 
natives.
	Washu wandered in through a door that had appeared with her, looking her 
usual smug self.  "What can I do for you, Sasami."
	"Uh, I just wanted to know if you were okay.  You haven't shown up for any 
meals in a while, and..."  She started to ramble along nervously.
	"You want something don't ya."  Washu grinned.
	"Well...yes...uh... you see... Could you make Ryo-Ohki appear human."  She 
asked gaining speed.  "Tenchi wanted me to start school in two weeks and 
Ryo-Ohki wants to go and I want her to go and well..."
	"Whoa slow down!"  Washu told her exasperated.  "Ryo-Ohki do you want to 
go 
to school with Sasami."
	"Yes"  She replied softly.  "Ryo-Ohki, want to be were Sasami is, 
otherwise 
Ryo-Ohki will be alone, no one else at house.   Miya."
	"Well then its not a problem.  Come back in a week and I'll have the item.  
Oh, incidentally your sister, Tenchi, and Ryoko are doing fine.  They even 
got a new science teacher at the college."  Washu grinned wickedly.  "I'll 
try to make it more often for dinner..."  She waved at them wandering off 
into parts best unknown.

***

	Two weeks later Sasami and a tall young girl with brown hair and eyes left 
the Masaki residence and began to walk down the road towards the bus stop.  
The cherry blossoms were already in full bloom and it seemed as if 
everything glistened bright and cheery in the early morning dew.
	Together they both arrived at the bus stop at least fifteen minutes early.  
Enjoying the atmosphere and being together.  Each carried a Bento (lunch 
box) wrapped in bright colors, one with a carrot design, and the other a 
cute little rabbit/cat mix.  In the other hand a brand new book bag.
	Noboyuki had been kind enough to take both girls shopping last week for 
school uniforms.  Mumbling to himself about duty and bringing a camera that 
had somehow become broken on the trip.  Ryo-Ohki had accessorize her uniform 
by adding a bright yellow ribbon to her hair courtesy of Washu.  And somehow 
through the infinite power of the space trees, Misaki had sent them each 
matching key chains of little carrots.  Not to be out done, Washu had each 
given them the book bags from which to dangle the key chains.  Washu had 
also set up a number of little mini-dimensions on the inside of their bags.  
According to her they were able to hold a small lake each.  Why she had used 
that as her description still worried Sasami a little.  But with Washu some 
things were just better off not worrying about.  Everything was perfect.  
Just two normal freshman going off to school.

***

	Sighing, Tsunami shook her leaves watching the light dance in shadows and 
sunlight as it fell on the grassy knoll that her roots were buried in.  
There was something so relaxing about being a tree.  She could never explain 
it to her sisters.  Just sit, relax, and enjoy the sun, thinking about 
nothing important.  After all what was so great about being a goddess if you 
couldn't loaf.  Ever since Tokemi had been defeated by Tenchi, Tsunami could 
just enjoy life.  Her whole existence for the past few hundred milleniums 
had been absorbed with trying to figure out a way to defeat her sister, and 
now she was adrift with out a purpose.  And loving every minute of it.
	Swishing her leaves she brought up a screen and watched Sasami and Ryo-
Ohki 
as they boarded the bus.  Through their link she could feel Sasami's 
excitement.  It was so good to have her back.  The last seven hundred years 
had felt like some important part of herself had been missing.  She was 
still keeping her emotions from Sasami, but that would change soon.  But not 
too soon after all what was the hurry.  Why not just relax.  Soak up the 
sun, literally.  And enjoy spying on her avatar.

***

	The bus driver pulled up to the stop at the exact time Tenchi had said he 
would and waited patiently for them to board.  He was new to his job and a 
little nervous after all how many times in your life are you this close to a 
live alien, not to mention two.  But they acted normal enough as far as he 
could tell.  Carefully he pulled away from the curb and headed to the next 
stop.  He was after all a well trained field agent.  One of a large network 
both here in Okiyama and in Tokyo monitoring these aliens.  His main job was 
just to act normal and observe them, since monitoring devices had a way of 
failing when any of the aliens were around.  The best scientists in the 
world were working on fixing that little problem but as of yet the only 
known dependable way to monitor these aliens was through direct observation. 
  And from all accounts he had the easier job, he could have been in Tokyo.

***

	Sasami exited the bus followed by an ecstatic Ryo-Ohki.  Both ready to go 
do whatever it was earth teenagers did at school.  According to the 
television she had watched, you just had to go through the gate and 
guaranteed someone will greet you there on your first day at school.  They 
become your friend or attack you.  Not that she was worried about that, who 
would attack someone as cute and friendly as her.  Eyes wide she entered the 
gate and was knocked over from behind.
	"Sorry, let me help you up."  A teenager told Sasami holding out her hand.  
"My name's Sakura, sorry, I guess I should have been watching where I was 
going."  She looked maybe a year or two older then Sasami.  With long brown 
hair and nice blue eyes that stared straight into Sasami's.  And had one of 
those faces you knew just had to be smiling all the time, though at present 
it had a look of concern that was out of place.
	"It's okay.  I'm fine."  Sasami replied in too good of a mood, grabbing 
Sakura's hand.  After all this was her first day of school and a necessary 
step in her plan to win Tenchi as a husband.  Though probably not as his 
first wife.  But she believed with all her soul that when she was old enough 
Tenchi would have no choice but to marry her.  If not, well she could always 
call on a higher power... or become a higher power?
	"I'll see you around then."  Sakura replied and headed off towards the 
school at a jog.  Dodging between students in a reckless fashion, in a hurry 
to do something.
	Sasami looked at Ryo-Ohki.  "See all you have to do is enter the gates and 
you'll meet new friends."  Ryo-Ohki nodded wisely.  "Come on, or we'll be 
late for class."  Both girls hurried off to their homeroom arriving with 
plenty of time to spare.
	They entered the room filled with students but minus a teacher.  *Is that 
normal for Japanese schools,* Sasami wondered.  "I'm sorry for knocking you 
down.  Come sit over here."  Sakura yelled from across the room.   She was 
sitting next to a tall blond girl.  Sasami approached them still followed by 
Ryo-Ohki who was so on her best behavior, and so nervous, that she hadn't 
said anything for a good ten minute.  "This is Autumn, she's a foreign 
exchange student from America and is living at my house."  Sakura said 
proudly.  Obviously loving all the attention she was getting.
	Sasami bowed slightly to her.  "How are you doing."
	"I'm fine."  Autumn replied awkwardly trying to bow back from a sitting 
position.
	She grabbed Ryo-Ohki and pushing her forward.  "And this is my friend 
Ryo-Ohki."
	"Miya!"  Said Ryo-Ohki bowing.
	"Huh?"  Asked Sakura.
	"Don't mind her."  Sasami replied, glaring at Ryo-Ohki who had the good 
graces to look abashed.  "Hey do you know who are teacher is?"  She said 
trying to change the subject as rapidly as possible.
	"I hear that he's a drunk."  Sakura replied.
	"No, really."
	"Yep."
	"Alright everyone take your seats."  Called out a scruffy man in his early 
thirties as he entered the room.
	"Lets talk some more at lunch."
	"Sure."  Sasami said sitting between Sakura and Ryo-Ohki.
	"Okay, first things first, we need to elect a class leader are their any 
nominations..."

***

	The beauty that the morning had promised, resulted in a bright, warm, noon 
with just enough of a breeze to make it perfect.  The cherry blossoms had 
bloomed early this year enjoying the great weather.  Causing everyone who 
could to eat outside among the trees.  Even the teachers had taken the 
opportunity to enjoy this day, and the excitement level of the students was 
known by their yelling and laughing.
	Ryo-Ohki loved this new school.  It was so much fun, she had Sasami, and 
now more young girls to play with.  She had quickly eaten her lunch of 
carrots and had disappeared to play volleyball.  A game she had enjoyed 
playing with Sasami, Washu, and the rest of the girls and this was just as 
much fun.

***

	Sitting under a tree Sasami, Sakura, and Autumn had staked out a prime 
picnic spot.  Calmly sipping soda and talking about all kinds of things.  
Sasami had forgotten how good it was just to sit and talk with someone her 
own age.  Their had been few chances in her life.  Being a princess of 
Jurai, and even here on earth, the girls were older then her and while they 
liked, and even loved her, none of them really just wanted to talk to 
someone they considered a kid.  Well except for Tenchi.
	"Your blushing, Sasami.  What are you thinking about."  Sakura said 
examining her new friends face.
	"It's nothing."  She stammered out.
	"So who's your boyfriend."  Joked Sakura while Autumn nodded knowingly.
	"I don't have one."
	"So its just a crush then."  Autumn put in quietly.
	"No it's nothing like that, well maybe it... No!"  Both girls smiled 
knowingly.
	"Who is he?"  Sakura asked.
	"Theirs is no one."  Sasami lied.
	"Come on, you can tell us now, or you can tell us later.  But you are 
going 
to tell us."  Both girls nodded again.
	Sasami was trying to think up a reply when she was tackled from behind.  
"Sasami, we won.  Ryo-Ohki even scored three points.  One an ace on 
Ryo-Ohki's serve.  If Ryo-Ohki gets to play more Ryo-Ohki will be able to 
beat Washu.  Miya."  Ryo-Ohki began to happily tell how she had spiked the 
ball and about the people she had been playing with.  Sasami with a sigh of 
relief, kept her talking until the bell rang.  Though she couldn't dodge the 
knowing stare of the two girls that promised further questions to come.

***

	The final bell rang, the same tune used by all the schools in Japan and 
the 
herd of students left in the great exodus that was their purpose in 
attending school anyway.  Many though had other plans and were off to prep 
schools for the college examines to come or clubs to study athletic skills.  
Sasami really didn't have any plans in that area.  The majority of the 
things she had learned today was mainly stuff useless to her or stuff that 
Washu who had been tutoring her off and on would have laughed at.  But that 
wasn't her real reason for going to school any ways it was to find out more 
about Tenchi and to make some new friends.  She was learning so much in that 
area.  And the greatest part of it all was that she was being treated just 
like a normal girl.  Not a princess and especially as a being who would soon 
be her peoples deity.  She didn't know how that story had found it's way 
home, but it was there. Aeka had to send a message forbidding anyone from 
coming to earth to receive her blessing for a marriage or a new born child.  
The two times it had happened, had resulted in disasters they had frightened 
Sasami into a histerical fit.
	She had class clean up today and Ryo-Ohki had volunteered to help her.  
Mainly because Ryo-Ohki didn't want to ride the bus home by herself.  But 
cleaning up one little room compared to the huge Masaki house was really to 
easy.  Sakura had said something about her train not arriving for another 
half an hour and was helping out as well.  Teasing each other, Sakura and 
Sasami, went to the broom closet to get supplies.  Leaving Ryo-Ohki to clean 
off the chalk boards.  Sasami made some off the wall remark about Sakura's 
face as she entered and found herself alone in the closet as Sakura turned 
off the lights and closed the door.  Shutting her inside the little room.  
Almost immediately Sasami could feel her chest constrict as the darkness 
rushed in.  She was alone again in the darkness just like before, for those 
seven hundred years, alone except for her precognition ability.  Ayeka had 
never believed her about how she had been awake for all those years but 
somehow through her link with Tsunami she had been.
	Their was always something in the dark ready to get you just outside of 
your line of vision if you weren't careful.  Sasami tried to take a deep 
breath.  *I can handle this I'm a big girl it's going to be okay.*  She 
turned around towards the door and something touched her leg.  She could see 
movement on the sides of her eyes.  Her chest began to heave as she 
hyperventilated.  Turning around in circles trying to see what was moving.  
Something else touched her shoulders and she couldn't help herself, she 
screamed in terror, that was the worse part it brought on the ability.  She 
had to calm down.  But she had already started screaming there was no place 
to go or run it was to late now.  She was back in the capsule alone.  Just 
like before...

	First their was just blackness.  And then pools of light appeared.  One 
showing a great tree, the greatest tree in the galaxy, Tsunami.  In all her 
glory soaking up the light.  Sasami could see her roots extend all around 
her and beyond to all reaches of the galaxy.  Directing the Juraian space 
trees.
	In the other spot light their was just Tsunami and Sasami.  Sasami 
appeared 
as a young girl of maybe four.  They were both standing on the island in the 
center of the Juraian tree nursery where Sasami had died.  Tsunami stood 
behind the little Sasami, crying, great streams of water fell from her face 
as she drew a knife out of the folds of her Kimono.  With a clean stoke she 
slashed Sasami's neck and gently lowered her to the ground.  In the other 
pool of light one leaf fell from the great tree.  Both lights fade away and 
all that Sasami could feel was a woman's screaming.

***
Hit the back button on your browser now.

Okay I warned you here are my lesser thoughts on the monstrosity you have 
just read.

Yea I finally wrote my first Fan Fic and I apologize to you the reader for 
having to read it.  Please send me hate mail or I will never get better at 
STRIKESTWICE@HOTMAIL.COM.

This is Ver 2!
Okay I finally revised this monstrosity into something to be proud of.  And 
something that will flow a little better into the next chapters.


