	“Your mission is to find this fan fic writer, Sorcerer Hunters.”  Big Momma 
said holding up a pic of a pale insane looking human.
	“Yes, he has been very naughty.  His crimes include not putting in a proper 
disclaimer yet on any of his fan fics or mentioning Pioneer as being the 
rightful owners of Tenchi Muyo.”  The cute cherub told them.
	“But didn’t you just do that.”  Merron pointed out.
	“Um...”
	“Don’t worry Dota, I, Carrot Glace will spite the foul Fan Fic writer and 
when I’m done, you want to go out.”
	“Oh... Carrot your always so funny.”
	“Darling!  Why ever would you say that when you’ve got me.”
	“Um... I’ve got a problem with that.”

Note: {words in these brackets represent words in English}

Ever After

Chapter 5: Enter Tenchi Stage Left

	“Captain, no response to our hails.”
	“Damm Command, their trying to get me blown up like the Soyokaze.”  He 
patted the arm rest softly.  “Don’t worry girl.  We’re not going to take any 
risks.”  The tree behind him rustled her leaves in silent acknowledgement.
	The Gilvilyko was still a young space tree fast and sleek.  Which meant 
that she got the majority of the courier and grunt work.  That didn’t 
exactly displease Captain Konaka who loved the freedom that he got from solo 
duty.  But then on most days he wasn’t patrolling a whole alien fleet with 
just three sister ships.  Even worse Command had ordered him to try to 
peacefully resolve the issue.  He laughed at the thought.  And stared at the 
enemy picket ships his scanners could detect.  Five hundred plus of the 
fighter crafts.  *Like they want to talk about anything.*  He hadn’t been 
given permission to surrender.
	“So Tact, what’s your analysis of the situation.”  He said jokingly to his 
only crew member massaging her shoulders.  She held both hats as tactical 
and comms while he was stuck with pilot and engineer.  Between them and the 
Gilvilyko they filled every slot necessary for a crew.
	His wife stared at him, “were in trouble.”  He had to nod at the words his 
agreement obvious.  “If we try to advance any further we won’t be able to 
turn around and escape in time.  There’s no way we can get a scan of 
Farreach and they’ve blown up all of our probes.”  Mia told him leaning into 
the back rub he was giving her.
	“How about you girl you got any suggestions or thoughts from the other 
trees.”  There was a long pause as the ship accessed the net and knowledge 
of thousands of space trees, both from the living and the dead.  He was 
worried for her.  His ship had seemed to take the Soyokaze loss as a 
personal matter even though as far as he knew they had never talked or met.  
But then again they were all connected.
	Just like him and his ship. He remembered the tears they had shed after the 
battle with Tokimi.  It was a time he did not wish to repeat.  But it looked 
like that experience was looming forward once again.
	Gilvilyko and Mia both still had scars left from the battle where they had 
been directly hit by an anti-energy weapon of some sort.  It had taken all 
his strength and courage to slap the seal on his wife’s suit and calm 
Gilvilyko enough so that they could limp out of the line of fire.
	He massaged Mia’s shoulders harder remembering the physical therapy.  He 
kept trying to get her to remove the scar that slashed down one side of her 
face.  But more and more she seemed to need that reminder of her own 
fragility as she tried one reckless thing after another.
	“No suggestions are available.”  She sounded so far away almost like a 
ships computer rather then the center of the two Jurians existence.  Wounds 
had also left scars where new bark covered over burnt wood.  Givliyko was so 
cautious now, it had become even worse since the Soyokaze destruction.  
Cautiousness had turned to fear.  His ship had been the fastest ship of them 
all.  When the emperor called for emergency dispatches he was sent to the 
far reaches of the galaxy now she wanted to take it slow and cautious.   A 
normal occurrence for the huge older war ships with crews in the thousands.  
But Gilvilyko  had only been christened ten years ago.  And was going to be 
a courier for a good five hundred years to go until she could grow large 
enough to support the crew necessary to make her a destroyer.
	Another hologram appeared this time of a young lady with dark green hair 
dressed in a kimono favored by the royal family of Jurai.  Demure eyes of 
darkest blue stared back at him.
	It was amazing what you can do when you are bored flying through space.  
This was one of them an image he and his wife had created for their ship 
something that she could communicate with them through on a more personal 
level.  The whole design was theirs except for the scar that sloped down the 
left cheek and onto the throat a mirror image of the one on his wife.
	“We’re to close as it is.”  She said playing with her hair.  “I’m also 
picking up some odd radiation signatures and something seems to be wrong 
with my internal navigation checks.  Stars keep appearing and disappearing 
in the wrong places.”
	“Any ideas about what’s causing them.”  He said staring at the forward 
navigation screen to try to confirm her readings.  “I don’t see anything 
right now.”  He tapped on the pad again calling up her previous readings of 
the navigation checks.  He paused, she had to have been paying very close 
attention to have picket up such minute changes it was probably just a 
peculiarity of this area something to do with the radiation.  She was just 
being to cautious.
	The captain of the Gilvilyko sighed he had hoped that this waiting was 
over.

***

	“Sasami could I use bathroom?”  Autumn asked getting up from the floor she 
and the  other two girls had been sitting on.
	“Sure, its down stairs at the end of the hall.”  She stood up as well 
stretching out her neck and arms.  *Even if today is Friday shouldn’t they 
be heading home soon.*  The buses stopped running at ten and sooner or later 
Noboyuki or one of the resident officers would come home.  And where was 
Ryo-Ohki?
	“Shouldn’t you two be heading home soon.  If you want to catch a bus.”
	“Come.  Come now!”  Autumn yelled from the landing. Barely understandable 
as her American accent got the better of her.  Seconds later both of her 
friends had joined her as they stared down onto the family room where 
Motashiwa and Mitsuki stood.  *Why now, I thought they were living in their 
ship that’s in orbit.*  Anyone else she could have explained as just 
strangely died hair and as long as they cooperated there wouldn’t have been 
a problem but Officer Motashiwa was just cut from a different mold.
	The two aliens stared back at the humans having figured out that somehow 
they had interacted with the native population, a serious offense.  The door 
behind them opened and in came Ryo-Ohki kicking off her shoes and sliding a 
pair of house slippers on as she bounded past the two officers.  Heading 
towards the group with Sasami,  oblivious to the situation.  Sasami noticed 
in a sort of horrified frame by frame of the moment that Ryo-Ohki was 
carrying a large bucket of carrots.  *So she went to the field.  With Tenchi 
gone of course, Ryo-Ohki would be taking care of them.  What would my sister 
do in this type of situation, besides blaming Ryoko.  Introduce everyone and 
pretend that nothings wrong.*
	“Um.. Autumn, Sakura, I would like you to meet officers Mitsuki and 
Motashiwa from the Galaxy Police.”  She smiled trying to appear calm and 
relaxed.  “Officers these are my friends.”  Both groups of people stared at 
each other trying to think of what the next logical move would be.  Ryo-Ohki 
finally figured out that something was wrong and came to a stop in between 
the two groups.  She slowly put down the basket of carrots.
	“Sasami you live with {aliens}... uh!  What word!”  Autumn asked, still 
close to a panicked tome of voice.
	“{Aliens is correct.}”  Sasami replied in perfect English without even a 
trace of an accent.  While Sakura tried to figure out what was going on.
	“Sasami what is going on here.”  Motashiwa finally gathered his nerve and 
tried to take charge, just as Mohoshi and Kiyone walked into the house in 
their G.P. uniforms.  Mohoshi bent over to remove her shoes and suddenly 
tripped over the shoes left by Ryo-Ohki just moments before and started 
tumbling forward right into the other two G.P. officers.  Knocking them both 
to the ground.   Mihoshi began letting the apologizes fly as she tried to 
help the other two officers back onto their feet.  This time she tripped 
over her own feet and all three once again fell in a tangled mess on the 
floor.
	“Mihoshi.”  Yelled her irate partner trying to smother a giggle that kept 
bubbling up every time she saw Mitsuki.  Poor Sasami couldn’t help it the 
tension she had been feeling just seconds ago broke and suddenly she was 
laughing incredibly hard as tears came to her eyes.

***

	“Tenchi, would you hurry up already.  Were already making Aeka wait.”  
Ryoko tapped her foot impatiently looking up to the second floor of the boys 
dorms.  *Damm I still can’t believe that we got stuck with living in the 
dorms.  Noboyuki is so cheap.*  being mad at Nobuyuki left her mind when 
Tenchi finally appeared in his tux.  Besides maturing a little nothing much 
had changed the prince.  He was still the same old boring son of a shrine 
keepers daughter and an architect.  So he had seen a few space battles and 
was ecstatically in love with two space aliens.  All he had to do now was 
relax and have a normal life.  Tsunami had promised him that after the final 
battle with Tokemi.  He reflexively flexed his left arm still amazed that it 
felt so natural.
	“Come on slow poke.  If we wait much longer that princess is going to come 
looking for us.”  She held out an umbrella to her love hugging him at the 
same time among whistles given from the crowd of male college students who 
had materialized out of nowhere at the sight of Ryoko.  She gave them a 
smile and then tugged Tenchi out into the rain.
	“You ready to go home, Ryoko.”  Tenchi opened his umbrella shaking it to 
full size.
	“Yah, its been awhile since we were all together hasn’t it.”  Her elbow 
slid inside of his as they both walked down the sidewalk enjoying the 
changes that rain brought to Tokyo.  Waving every so often as they passed 
fellow students hurrying in the rain.  “Tomorrows going to be fun it will be 
good to see everyone again.”
	Aeka stood on the corner starring at the two of them calming herself.  
*This isn’t the old days... Keep calm and go get that other arm.*  She 
thought hurrying over to Tenchi and taking her own advice.  Tenchi awkwardly 
tried to hold onto his umbrella with a young ladies on each arm.  After a 
few seconds he gave it up and folded his so that he could walk underneath 
there umbrellas.  The problem that had been plaguing him for so long solved 
by a random act of fate.

***

	“So Sasami, these are your friends.”   Mihoshi sipped her tea with great 
relish much to the annoyance of both Kiyone and Mitsuki who were sitting on 
either side of the blond.  Sakura was trying not to stare at the group of 
aliens all calmly sipping tea with each other, she had adopted a traditional 
pose trying to keep her head down, kneeling, just so she wouldn’t look like 
Autumn who was bouncing off the walls.
	“Yep.”  She poured some more tea for Mitsuki.
	“Your all  part of this Galaxy Police thing, right?”  Autumn asked.
	“I’m not in the Galaxy Police.”  Sasami chuckled.  “And neither is 
Ryo-Ohki.”
	“Meyowww.”
	“Then your humans?”  Sakura turned her head rapidly trying not to stare at 
any of the aliens especially Motashiwa.
	“Ryo-Ohki space pirate.”  The Cabbit told her with dead pan seriousness 
that set almost everyone into tears.
	“Ex-space pirate.  Is what you mean Ryo-Ohki.”  Kiyone told her pointedly 
glancing at Mitsuki and Motashiwa.  Before giving Ryo-Ohki a carrot from the 
bowl in the center of the table which she made to quickly disappeared.  *Now 
if only Mihoshi could be taught that easily.*
	Sasami stood with great dignity.  “And I am a princess of Jurai.”  Then 
seeing the surprised look on her friends couldn’t help it and began to laugh 
again setting everyone else off.  Which just caused her two friends to look 
even more confused as they laughed.

***
	Tenchi grabbed Aeka’s hand and led her out onto the floor of the ball room. 
  Leaving a crowd of disappointed men behind.  The disappointed males all 
started to head for Ryoko but were warned off with a growl.  It wasn’t her 
turn anyway.  She wasn’t really jealous anymore how could she when even now 
she *felt* Aeka’s pleasure.  Without noticing it she massaged the blue gem 
on her right wrist.
	To Aeka this was the closest thing next to pure joy she had ever 
experienced.  She pulled Tenchi even closer as they slowly danced across the 
ball room, not even hearing the music, but starring into his eyes.  To soon 
the song was over and he led her back to the table that was his for the 
night.  The champagne had arrived finally and Ryoko was waiting with 
impatience for Tenchi to open it.  With a little too much of a flourish he 
opened the bottle and poured the glasses full.
	“A toast to Tsunami for making this possible.”  Tenchi raised his glass.
	“To Love.”  Ryoko held up hers.
	“To the end of fighting.”  Aeka said as they all raised glasses to their 
lips and drank the most expensive Champaign they could charge to Washu 
Express.

***

	“Any response from the new listening device that were planted.”  He said 
inhaling on his cigarette.
	One of the men in white coats at the rear of the table stood up.  “Nothing 
as of yet sir, but the new broad band receivers will take some time to 
calibrate.
	“Hmm.”  He blew another cloud of smoke.  “Those two new officers worry me.  
Didn’t Kiyone say in her deposition that the Jurian emperor had told the 
Galaxy Police that only they were allowed on Earth by special disposition.”
	“Yes... here it is on the second days interview.  According to Kiyone, they 
were forbidden to have any more officers of Earth by the King of Jurai... 
Something about it being inside their territory.  It would appear that the 
two officers were only allowed on Earth by special permission of one of the 
royals.”
	“Theirs nothing we can do about it the operation will proceed when we get 
permission from the top.  Sometime in the next four days.  Be ready for it.” 
  He snuffed out his cigarette and stood.  “That is everything people.”  The 
anonymous man walked out of the conference room buried in a bunker 
underneath the Diet.  Walking purposely to his office.  He had a report to 
give as well.
	His boss was already sitting behind the anonymous man’s desk showing the 
pecking order with out even saying a word.  He lit up another cigarette 
knowing how much that irritated his boss.
	“The mission will start soon be ready.”  He took a drag on the cigarette 
and blew it at the alien.

***

	“Hello... Tenchi, beloved.”  A voice next to him rolled his name in her 
mouth like she could make love to it.  He was in a bed made of silk that 
included the sides of the bed.  A breeze blew through the room making the 
silk blow in waves.  Tenchi turned his head and smiled dazedly at Tokimi 
kissing her.  She began to lightly run her hand across his bare chest.  “You 
have missed me haven’t you, beloved.”
	Missed her but she was right here all the time.  Where she belonged. Where 
else would she be.  “You do love me don’t you...”  Tokemi persisted.
	“I will always love you, who else could I love.”  He kissed her again the 
beginnings of passion in his eyes.  But she pulled away.
	“My guards are here... stop them my love.”  She pushed him away as Ryoko 
and Aeka suddenly appeared out of the darkness surrounding the bed each 
garbed in their battle outfits.  Both of them grabbed the struggling Tokemi 
and forced her out of the bed and into a void they created the gems on their 
wrists glowing a bright blue.  Tenchi stared at the two women trying to 
figure out where he knew them from.
	“Beloved soon we will be together again.”   Tokimi called out to Tenchi 
just before the void closed in on her.

***

Send all comments to STRIKESTWICE@hotmail.com.

This is Ver2!


