Subject: DO NOT ADD TEXT BETWEEN STARS THATS FIC INFO
Date: Thu, 7 Dec 2000 20:25:34 EST
From: Neoburnr@aol.com
To: gensao@tmffa.com

Standard Disclaimer: The characters appearing within are the property of AIC

and Pioneer, and are used without permission. Please don't sue. I am not
making any money on this, and it's done out of love for the show.

Thanks to Bryan Weber for not saying anything about me taking his disclaimer

and of course M.C.L. to all the Juggalos and Ninjas reading my stories. Oh
and M.C.L. to the Cobras, X-men and Counts and everybody with clown love.
>:~)
******************************************************************************

Azazel stood cold eyed and heartless, skin dangling from his torn body, drew

his gun and shot Jynx in the face.

"Huh?"

Jynx awoke in a cold sweat in his bed with Kiyone at his side.

"A dream....man."

Jynx sat up at the edge of his bed and thought about his dream of the fallen

demon Azazel. The man who tried to kill him, Kiyone and a few of his
friends.
The dream haunted him over and over virtually every night since his journey
into hell. A tear welled in Jynx's left eye and he then realized that
something was wrong with the world. I don't mean something like war I mean
like just in the air. Jynx knew something was going to happen but just
didn't
know what. He shrugged it off as a aftershock of his dream and fell back to
sleep. The next morning he awoke to find Kiyone had already left for one of
her jobs. He and K quit working for the galactic police a long time back and

simply used magic to get anything they needed. Jynx sobered into the kitchen

to have a quick breakfast with Washu and K before he and K would go out for
their training. Washu was still very depressed about Epion running off after

being so maniacal. Even though a lot of blood was shed and Yosho was killed
no one held any hard feelings for the demons except Sasami and Ayeka still
didn't trust K after he "cheated" on Sasami with Mihoshi. As a matter of
fact
Tenchi was grateful to Jynx and K for not killing anyone even though they
could of with out breaking a sweat. K sat in his chair shifting in
discomfort.

"K, knock it off."

"I can't help it, my wings are still bothering me a little."

"Then whip ‘em out until you get used to them."

K looked at Jynx with anger for talking to him like he was a child.
Nonetheless he released his wings. Washu just sat in her seat staring at K's

wings. Even though she has lived with K and Jynx for a few years she still
couldn't get used to their wings. They looked eery to her. The grey, scale
looking wings, created by death. She couldn't help but to think if she too
would bear such appendages upon her death. K looked up from his meal and saw

Washu staring at his wings.

"What? Why you staring at me?"

"Huh? Oh nothing, K could you and Jynx join me in my lab? If you don't mind
I'd like to take a closer look at your wings."

"Yeah sure."

"I think I'd rather not. K I'll be in the bamboo fields, go there when your
done."

K and Washu headed towards the lab as Jynx made his way to the door. In the
lab K sat in a cold metal chair with no back. Washu walked behind him
writing
down observations of what she could with out any instruments. Washu brought
her computer up started to type away very quickly. As soon as she was done a

few mechanical arms came out of the ceiling connected to long sharp needles.

Washu hit a button on her keyboard and the needles moved towards the wings
quickly and broke upon contact. Hours passed and Washu's tests continued as
the day wore on. By the time she was done Jynx came back form his training
and Kiyone and Mihoshi had also come home from work. When K and Washu came
out of the lab Kiyone was talking with Jynx in the kitchen and Mihoshi was
watching her favorite show on T.V.

"You know Kiyone I'm thinking of getting another job."

"Oh really? Plan on keeping this one?"

"Heh....yeah should be a snap too. I went to the architect building where
Mr.
Masaki works and they seemed interested in my abilities to design."

"Well that's nice. When do you think you'll get any word on wether you'll
get
the job or not?"

"I hope in a few weeks."

"K. You missed your training."

"Yeah, I know but the tests took longer than I thought."

"That's no excuse. If the professor needed help with her tests she could
have
asked me to help. In fact you shouldn't have your wings prodded like that."

A knock on the door interrupted the conversation and Sasami was their
waiting
to speak with K.
Kiyone went to get K and he entered the room and almost instantly became
very
shy and scared.

"Hi..Sa-sami."

"Hi K I, um wanna talk to you if that's ok."

"Yeah no problem."

Jynx and Kiyone were sitting in the kitchen listening in on K and Sasami but

decided to join Mihoshi in the living room to let K and Sasami talk in
private. I'm not going to say what they said but I'll just say that they
talked a lot about the past. Back in the living room Kiyone and Jynx stood
in
the back of the room and watched Mihoshi become totally involved in the
show.

"Wow, this is so cool!"

"Man, how can anyone like a show so much?"

"I have no idea. Mihoshi's just weird that way."

The show ended and Mihoshi turned her attention to Kiyone and Jynx.

"Were you watching the show? Man that was great!"

"Mihoshi, dinner's ready if your hungry."

"Yeah I am hungry."

Mihoshi left for the kitchen to get something to eat and a loud crash and
scream followed her into the kitchen. Jynx and Kiyone ran to the scene to
see
the roof collapsed and a ship taking off. As Jynx and Kiyone stood in the
kitchen an arrow was shot landing inches from Kiyone's head. Attached to the

arrow (as their always is) was a note. It read "Go to the Jurai Royal
Palace"
neither knew who could have kidnaped their friends but were determined to
find out nonetheless.

"Well what are we waiting for?"

"H-hold on Jynx maybe we should get Ryoko and Tenchi to help us out, kinda
like backup."

"I ‘spose so."

"Alright! Go get the others and I'll ready the ship."

"Hey Kiyone listen, I've got a bag in the back of your ship. Would you mind
gettin' it out while I'm gettin Tenchi and Ryoko?"

"Hey, no problem."

Jynx smiled at Kiyone, a thing he hasn't done in a long while and took off
to
get their comrades. When he arrived at the Masaki house he found the ususal
events taking place. He knocked on the door a few times and was eventually
"greeted" by Ryoko.

"Um..hi Ryoko is Tenchi here?"

"Yeah, he's in the living room."

Ryoko disappeared and reappeared in the living room next to Tenchi who was
almost asleep on the couch.

"Hey Tenchi."

"Wha-what? Oh Jynx hello."

"Hey um, I kinda got a problem. See some ship blew up my house! And to add
to
that they kidnaped Sasami, K, Washu and Mihoshi."

"What!!? Huh, Ayeka's been missing too."

"Yeah? Well listen Kiyone and I are going to Jurai to try and get ‘em back

and we wanna know if you and Ryoko will come help us."

"Of course I will, Ryoko you coming?"

"Hmmm....OK just to make sure your safe Tenchi."

"Thanks, Kiyone should be here any second, you guys need to do anything to
get ready?"

"No, but I think I'll go in Ryo-ohki."

"Ok."

With that Kiyone arrived in Yugami. Tenchi and Jynx got on right away and
Ryoko took off in her ship. The ships sped towards Jurai at amazing speeds.

"Hey Jynx I found that bag you were talking about. It's that shelf over
there."

"Alright thanks."

Inside the bag was a small locket, 2 of Jynx's signature silver rapier's,
and
a set of clothes. Jynx went into his quarters on the ship and geared up in
the set of clothing and the locket. When Jynx reentered the bridge of the
ship he was dressed in pair a loose fitting jeans, a tight black long sleeve

shirt with holes in the back, his wings spread out, a silver locket around
his neck, two frogs on his side holding his swords and a pair of black boots

with very small throwing knives inside of them. In his back pocket he held a

knife which looked very old and was caked in what looked like old dried
blood.

"Well nice to see that your ready, we're here."

The red ship landed in front of the Jurai palace and the three waited but a
second for Ryoko. A man in a long black cape walked out of the palace with a

handful of blue hair in one hand, held together with a red strap. The man
was
about 6'8 and very thin. He had a very light complexion and somewhat long
blonde hair parted in the middle. He walked only a few feet away form the
four young fighters and threw the hair to the ground between them.

"Well Jynx, seems you haven't changed much. Well I guess being immortal does

have that advantage."

"Cage!"

"Heh, yeah....I'm happy you remember me. Well Jynx I'm sorry but it looks
like you and your friends are going for a trip. I think I'm going to send
you
on a trip through time, 178 years ago."

A look of panic, sorrow and surprise covered Jynx's face at the mention of
178 years ago.

"Well don't be too afraid, I'll give you an edge, I'll make your friends 13
years younger. I'll be there along with my counterpart but yours will not be

there!"

A wave of Cage's hand brought a purple vortex before all 5 people and one by

one they jumped in. When the time trip was over they arrived in old time
Japan. Jynx knew what happened there and was ashamed that Kiyone and his
friends would eventually find out. A few feet ahead Cage stood with his
sword
drew.

"Ha Jynx this hasn't even started, your friends are at the place where you
did that thing that one time."

A smirk spread across Cages face and he disappeared. Kiyone and the others
went over to Jynx and were hoping for some answers.

"Jynx, honey who is that!?"

"His name is Cage Davis and he use to be my partner in crime and evil."

"Ok well what happened here so long ago?"

"We...um hurt someone....a young girl, she didn't deserve it, we we're
just...evil and didn't have much of a choice. It seems like I've improved a
little bit but he hasn't changed much.....oh my god we gatta hurry."

Jynx ran into the hilly brush as fast as he could with his swords drawn and
ready for anything. Eventually he stopped a few hundred feet away from an
old
rundown house. A tear welled up in his eye as he remembered what happened in

that house. Ryoko caught up to him very quickly and grabbed his left
shoulder.

"Hey what's up? You totally left the others back there you know."

"Good, I don't want them to see what's going to happen."

"C'mon we've all fought and killed before it's nothing new."

"Ryoko.....I don't want any of you to see what's going on in that house."

"Why what's so terrible about that run down hut? C'mon tell me."

"Ryoko! He's going to rape Sasami and Ayeka!"

"What? Is that what you did here that was so terrible? You raped that girl
didn't you?"

"No, but I was here and I just laughed at her screams and pleads for mercy.
I
looked into her eyes from across the room and saw her tears. I didn't do
anything to stop Cage."

Jynx put his swords back in the frogs and drew the knife from his pocket.

"Ryoko do you see the blood? That is her blood, after a while I killed her,
I
tried to make it quick to show a little bit of mercy. Every year since on
the
anniversary I run myself through with this knife in hopes that with the loss

of my blood she will someday forgive me for what I did."

Kiyone walked slowly over the hill towards Jynx. She never looked at him but

he could tell she was crying and heard what he said. He didn't make any
attempt to create an excuse for what he did. He simply lowered his head and
headed towards the house. Kiyone and Ryoko ignored Jynx's instructions and
headed for the house but did tell Tenchi not to come with them. Jynx stood a

few inches into the house and Kiyone and Ryoko were right behind him. In the

shadows they could see a women who they assumed to be Sasami laying on the
floor and next to her was Cage. K was found dead hanging form the roof. One
way to kill them and Cage found it. A long thin wire sticking through K's
chest and most likely through the heart, their one weak point. As they
walked
further inwards they saw Ayeka standing with one leg sticking out to the
side
and tied into place by a rope in the wall. The "old" Cage was behind her.
The
light was brighter by them. They could see Cage holding his fingers in the
same gesture as a gun and a thick saliva was running from his mouth unto his

index and middle finger. When they were doused in spit he moved his hand
towards Ayeka's sex and began to finger him. Sasami was now striped of her
over clothes and was now left in her underwear. The new Cage placed his
mouth
around Sasami's breast and started sucking. At the mere sight of this Jynx
stumbled a step to the left and coughed up a little blood. He drew his
swords
and ran towards the old Cage.

"You bastard!!!!"

Jynx pulled the swords above his head and brought one down on Cage's head
and
the other across his neck. Cage's head fell to the ground and Jynx stabbed
both swords through Cage's heart. Cages body now fell lifeless to the floor
and Jynx turned to face the new Cage. He put his swords away and once again
drew the old knife. Cage stood up and Sasami ran over to Ayeka and Ryoko cut

Ayeka free of her bonds. Jynx didn't say a word but instead threw the knife
dead into Cage's forehead. A black blood oozed from the wound and suddenly a

scream was shot from across the room and Ryoko fell to the floor. Behind her

Ayeka was holding a short sword that was now covered in Ryoko's blood. Jynx
quickly made his kill of Cage and charged to Ayeka and sliced off her right
leg and stabbed her in the back of the head. Sasami drew a gun from the back

of her sisters shirt and took aim at Jynx's heart.

"Why'd you come here! We were just starting to have fun and then you had to
come and kill everyone!"

Sasami slowly walked in a circular motion and kicked Ryoko's half dead body.

"We thought you were in trouble Sasami. We came to try and help you."

"Oh really like you helped the girl?? Let's see now what was her name? You
don't even know do you Jynx? Well I'll tell you her name was Mikado Jurai!
My
dear old great aunt. I'm sure you've realized by know that Cage was in fact
my new man but now he's dead!"

"Hold on that was Great Aunt Mikado? I'm gonna hurl."

*thuuu*

Sasami dropped to her knees and then died. Kiyone stood in the door way with

her gun barrel smoking. Kiyone dragged Ryoko out of the house while Jynx
started to burn the house to the ground. They boarded the ship and didn't
really tell Tenchi anything of what happened. Weeks went by and no one was
talking Until late one night Washu walked in the house. Of course Kiyone and

Jynx jumped up tp see her.

"Washu! Where were you? Where's Mihoshi?"

"Heh well I went with Mihoshi to chase that ship that took K and Sasami. We
just got back."

"But why did Mihoshi scream?"

"Oh I think she spilled some hot cocoa on her arm and it burned her. Where's

everybody at?"

Kiyone and Jynx filled Washu in on the details but when Mihoshi came in they

told her a totally different story so she wouldn't freak out. Late one night

Jynx fell asleep very early and Kiyone came to bed a little later. At about
4
in the morning Jynx and Kyone were awoken by a strange voice calling Jynx's
name. They opened their eyes t see a young girl about 26 standing in their
room. She was kinda short and had a ghost like appearance.

"Jynx, thank you. You killed Cage and have finally avenged my spirit. I
thank
you and do forgive you for not stopping him. I only ask for the knife you've

used in your rituals and the murder of Cage and myself."

Jynx quickly got up and fetched the knife from a bag and handed it to the
spirit. She smiled at him and disappeared with the knife. The next night
Jynx
seemed like a new person, much nicer and more outgoing than before. That
night Kiyone had a problem.

"Um...Jynx. Can I ask you a question?"

"Of course."

"Will you do something for me? To me?"

"Like what?"

"Jynx...I want you to make love to me, the same way that Mikado had it
before
she died."

"Kiyone.......that's kinda sick, basically your asking me to rape you?"

"Yes...."

Jynx leaned over to Kiyone and kissed her softly...................

-Ok that totally sucked!!! I'm gonna need to hit like 100 "Hardy-Har-Har"s
to
recover from that one. But if anyone reads my stories I'm sure you can guess

what my next fic is gonna be right? That's right boys and girls my first and

last lemon! Hurray!
