The Exchange Student

Chapter 2-His Arrival

~~~~~~
I accidentally ended the last fic early.  Forget what I said about DoD, that

never happened.  I forgot to mention that I will be hooking Tenchi up with a

girl but I haven't decided yet.  E-mail me C&C and, if you need the story to

end up wih Tenchi and a certian girl, the girl you want Tenchi to get with.
~~~~~~
Turning out to be an abnormally hot day, the group was outside eating lunch
since the air conditioning was broke in the house and they couldn't go in
Washu's lab because if the guy came no one would know.
Ryoko would be wearing nothing if she wasn't forced to wear something, so
she
put on an incredibly small white tank top and incredibly small red shorts.

Being to hot to eat, Ryoko sat there fanning herself.
Mihoshi was wearing a shorter version of that pink thing she wears.(I don't
know what it is)  It was shorter becuase wasn't wearing the pants she stuffs

them in.  Also it would be to hot to have that much cloth covering one part
of her body.  She was wearing the smae thing as her pants but shorter.  She
was sitting there drinking a cup of ice water.
Ayeka, being proud, was wearing her dress, with three of its layers removed.

She was also drinking ice water.
Sasami was wearing a blue tank top as big as Ryoko's.(Which was a size or
two
to small for Sasami)  She was also wearing he samed sized short, but her's
were pink.  Ryo-Ohki was on her head and they were sitting around.
Washu was in her lab.
Tenchi was wearing a white T-shirt and some shorts.  He was also lounging
around.  OK, so no one was eating.
It was so hot that no one saw a male figure come out by the side of the
house.  "Um, I'm looking for a Tenchi Masa-"  The guy noticed Mihoshi,
Ryoko,
and Ayeka.
Tenchi walked up to him.  "Oh, you must be Jake Hunter.  Hi I'm Tenchi
Masaki."  Tenchi said doing a quick bow.
Jake Hunter was about two inches taller, maybe more.  He wore a black
baseball hat backwards on his head.  Through the hole in the back(front) was

some blonde hair poking out.  The hair you could see on the sides and back
of
his head was a light, almost blonde, brown.  He wore sunglass over his eyes.

He was very attractive and, looked in more shape than Tenchi, but wasn't
that
much bigger.  He wore a white shirt with a large, black Adidas sign with
"adidas" under it and a smaller one on the back.  He was wearing some short
jeans.  On his left wrist was a watch.  He was wearing some Adidas shoes.
 He
was carying a back pak on his right side with the letters "JH" on the back.

Jake looked past Tenchi and lowered his shades, reviling his blue/green
eyes.
 He didn't respond and was still staring when Tenchi started dragging him
towards the girls.  <Now over never.>  Tenchi thought before introducing
everyone, each of them doing their own hello gestures.  "Jake, these are my
two sisters, Ayeka and Sasami.  This is my cousin Ryoko and Washu is in her
room.  This is Mihoshi, she's my cousin from the other side of the family.

Everyone, this is Jake."
Mihoshi got up and grabbed Jake's arm.  "Let me show you to our room!"  As
he
was being pulled into his house, everyone could see a sly grin form on his
face.  On his way up the stair, Jake could have sworn he heard some chimes
and saw something red move around if Mihoshi wasn't dragging her around.
Looking around the room, Jake noticed it was pretty empty.  There was a
cabinet, a desk, and two futons(those Japanese sleeping bag things)  <Uh...
Futons.  I hate these things.>  Jake looked over at Mihoshi.  <Of course, I
can deal with it.>
~~~~~~
Mihoshi come back out onto the porch with a pitcher of ice water.  "Who
wants
something to drink?"
Tenchi looked around.  "Hey Mihoshi?  Where is Jake?"  Everyone staid
outside
because they were expecting Mihoshi to come back out with him.
"He said he was going to bring his stuff in."  Mihoshi said filling her cup.

"Why aren't we helping?"  Sasami asked.
"He said he wanted to do it alone.  He also said he wanted to hook some
stuff
up."
Everyone looked at each other, thought about how he was acting before,
remembered the smile, then ran for Mihoshi's room.
When they entered her room it looked a little different from before.  On the

desk was a laptop, and a stool was pulled up to it.  There was a new, small
table with a TV, about the size of the one in the living room.  Under it
were
some systems and by them, a box of games.  Jake come out from behind the TV,

who was hooking everything up.
"OK, that goes there and this goes over he-AHHHH!!"  Jake screamed putting
something in the wrong place and getting electrocuted.  The group watched as

Jake walked around the room, shaking the electrocuted arm around  Everyone
got a large sweat drop when he noticed them.  "Hi."  He said dumbly trying
to
wave his right hand, the one that was zapped, when he realized he couldn't
move his arm.
Jake grabbed his right arm with his left, and pushed down.  *crack*
 Everyone
could see his eyes go wider.  *crack*crack*crack*crack*crack*  He Pulled
each
of his fingers down.  "Where's your bathroom?"  He asked kinda painfully.
"Uh, down the hall.  The door at the end."  Tenchi said opening the door.
Jake walked out of the room, went to the bathroom, then closed the door.
"AAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!"  He walked out the door like nothing happened.  "I
think
I put that plug int the wrong slot."  Jake walked past everyone, went behind

the TV, and put the plug in a different place.  This time it worked.  Jake
got up and looked at everyone, who were starting at him.  "What?  Mihoshi
said I could hook some stuff up."
Washu went up to Jake and started examining his arm.  "How can you be OK?"
Jake looked at Washu.  "Why is this kid checking my arm?"
Washu got of him.  "Kid!?  What do you mean kid!?  I'm the greatest scien-"

Tenchi covered Washu’s mouth.  "Hehe.. Don't listen to her.  She likes to
imagine."  Tenchi pulled her back, praying she understands why he did that.
Jake wiped his hand on his forehead.  "Damn it's hot."  Jake thought of
something.  "Is the water in that lake safe to swim in?"
~~~~~~
"This was a great idea Jake."  Sasami said at the edge of the lake, her feet

dangling in the water.  She was wearing a pink one piece swimsuit, with a
large red bow at the top.
Jake, who was wearing some red trunks, was floating around by her.  "Thanks.

I has a pool were I lived in America."  Looking over at the middle, he saw
Ryoko holding both her hands underwater, like she was pushing something.
 She
was her own swimsuit.  It was two piece.  The top had a red circle that cut
off into three large spike on her right breast and her left had a black one.

The bottom part went around the whole part but was black on the right and
red
on the left.
All of a sudden, Tenchi popped up from Ryoko's right hand and Mihoshi popped

up from her left hand.
Tenchi was wearing plain blue trunks and Mihoshi was wearing a red, two
piece
taht looked like it might be a size to small.  They both put both hands on
top of Ryoko's head and pushed down, submerging her.
"Looks like Ryoko could use some help."  Jake said before he submerged
himself.
Sasami watched as a figured grabbed one of Tenchi's feet and one of
Mihoshi's
feet, and pulled them below the water, letting Ryoko up.  When Ryoko got up
she saw Jake floating there, his hands pushing down on each side of him.  "I

thought you could use some reinforcements."  Ryoko watched as Jake was
lifted
into the air when Tenchi and Mihoshi swam back up.  Jake say Ryoko stick her

hands out in his direction.  "Oh bblluubbb."  Ryoko pushed Jake into the
water.  When Jake got back up he noticed Ayeka floating on a floating chair
thing that Tenchi found in his house.
Ayeka was wearing a one piece, white suit with small flower designs in it.

Jake looked at everyone.  "Who wants to?"   As they were about to pick they
heard a splash.
Looking at where the noise came from, they saw the chair on it side and
Washu
looking very proud.  She was wearing something similar to Ryoko, but her's
wasn't as reviling, green, and the two pieces were connected at the sides of

her body.  "WASHU!"  Ayeka screamed, dunking Washu.
Sasami watched as they all started dunking each other, then she swam over to

join in.  They kept dunking, pushing pulling and doing anything to stay over

the water until Jake came up with a pair of blue trunks.  All the girl,
except Ryoko, looked away from Tenchi as Jake threw the trunks in Tenchi's
general direction.  "Uh! Geez man, put those back on!"
After turned 20 different shades of red, Tenchi grabbed his trunks and put
the back on.  "We should do something else."
Jake thought of what he just did and made another suggestion.  "How about
you
stop and we'll keep going?"  Jake got that sly grin again.  Everyone looked
at him and shook their heads.  Jake hit the water.
"JAKE!!"  Someone screamed that only Jake could hear.
Jake climbed out of the lake and started going towards the house.  "Hey
Jake,
were are you going?"
Jake turned around and said the first thing he could think of.  "I have to
go
to the bathroom."  Luckily it was good and everyone bought it.  Once he got
in the house and he knew no one was looking, he disappeared and reappeared
in
front of the stairs.  Then disappeared and reappeared at the top of the
stairs.  The disappeared and appeared in front of his room's door.  The
whole
thing took about one-second.
Going into his room, he got out a device which looked like a cell phone, but

with only two buttons.  Picking it up he pushed one and started talking.
"What do you want?"
"What are you doing?"  A voice from the other side asked.
"What?"
"You were supposed to get Washu."
"You wanted me to get her right away?"
"That  was the deal."
"Well, D3, tell Tokimi that I like to play with my pray before I go in for
the kill."  Jake pushed he button again and put the phone back.
"Jake!  Jake!"  D3 threw his phone and disappeared.  Reappearing on a
hallway
with four pillars, one at each side, that was floating.  Blowing he looked
up
to face the women in front of him.
She was a figure of her real self.  She had brown hair that at her neck in
the back formed large spikes.  She had a gold circle on her forehead with
four orange locks of hair coming out, two in each side.  She had to small
marks under that.  Her eyes were all blue with black were the actual colored

part is supposed to be.  She had two green markings on each cheek going to
her neck.
Her neck collar was larger that normal and red.  At the front there were two

blue gems.  Under that were two large white pieces of cloth that went off in

each direction.  There were circles of brown around her breast.  covering
them were two spikes of brown on each.  Her sleeves were brown until the
middle the a line that curved of gold come.  On the other side was red, the
gold again a the rim.  The sleeves were large and her arms and hands were
covered in black materials.  She had a golde belt that didn't touch her but
if floated around her.  The bottom was just black.(I can't find any
reference
on the bottom area so I'm just going to keep it black)  There were two black

silhouettes of Tsunami and an adult Washu.
"Tokimi, I have to report that-"  Tokimi held her hand forward and D3
stopped.
"I know.  Let him have his fun.  He will bring me Washu in due time."
~~~~~~
Author's notes
Said it all at the top
