The Exchange Student

Chapter 3-Reveled

~~~~~~
In OVA, was there the onsen or did Tenchi's house have a hot spring?
~~~~~~
As Tenchi walked out of the kitchen, he saw Jake trying to teach Mihoshi how

to beat Sasami in video games, since he had successfully done that.
 Thinking
over from the past week, Tenchi realized the house was better with Jake.
Ryoko and Ayeka stopped fighting, they had to, and Ryoko lowered on the
flirting, she flirted sometimes when Jake wasn't around.  And he helped out
on the carrot fields, making work a lot easier.
Thinking some more he realized that Jake spent a lot of his time with either

Mihoshi, Ryoko, or Ayeka.  Sure he occasionally played games with Sasami or,

was with Tenchi training with him. But in the weeks time he has been here,
Jake has spent 3/4 of his time with either Ryoko, Mihoshi, or Ayeka.
 Mihoshi
had seemed to be trying to take all his time up more then anyone else.
Of course there were some times when Jake almost found out there secret.
 The
first time was when Ryoko teleported into a room.  He didn't see it but he
was suspicious how she got in the room so fast.  Another was when Azaka
sneezed.  There were some others but when Jake saw Ryo-Ohki for the first
time was close and kinda funny.  He stood there remembering it.
~~~~~~
Jake was getting a cup of water in the kitchen.  Tenchi was working in the
field, Jake was helping but taking a small break.  Ayeka was sweeping the
porch.  Ryoko was somewhere in the woods.  Sasami was bringing food to
Tenchi
and Mihoshi was asleep on the couch and Washu was in her lab.
Jake was about to drink his water when Ryo-Ohki came into his view.  "HOLY
SHIT!!"  Jake screamed, bring everyone into the kitchen, except Washu.
Jake was pointing at Ryo-Ohki.  "What the hell is that!?"
Sasami picked Ryo-Ohki up and Tenchi tried to explain.  "It's a cabbit."
Jake looked at Tenchi.  "There's no such thing as a cabbit!"
Ayeka gave it a try.  "It's just been discovered."
Jake looked at Ayeka like he didn't believe her.  "If it was just
discovered,
why do you have one?"
Sasami's turn.  "Father is studying it."
"Your father's an architect!"
Tenchi continued off that.  "He's going to college.  It's an experiment."
"They wouldn't give a newly discovered animal to a college student."
"He was working at a lab for school and it's an assessment."
Jake stood there thinking.  (Tenchi doesn't know this part)<Hum...  How can
there be another one?  Oh well, I'll figure it out later.>  "Oh, OK."
~~~~~~
Now that Tenchi was thinking about it, he did give in to easy to that idea.

Forgetting about it, Tenchi remembered why he came in here.  "Hey Jake.  I'm

going to practice.  You coming?"  Tenchi said walking to the door.
"Hold on."  Jake pushed a couple of buttons on his first player controller.

"Player 1 win."  The game said when Mihoshi's character was thrown against
the wall.  "Use specials more often."  Jake said walking towards Tenchi.
As they walked up the stairs to where they practice, Tenchi asked some
questions.  "Hey Jake?  I've noticed you spend a lot of time with the
girls."
"Yeah, so."
"Well.  This is your first time in Japan.  I thought you would want to see
the sights."
"That was my original plan, until I discovered I would be living with three
hot women.  Since you weren't doing anything I decided to."
"I wasn't doing anything be-"
"Don't give me that shit about being related.  None of you look alike.  You
are not related.  And why won't you tell me why they are living there.  The
REAL reason."
Tenchi looked nerves and said the first things that came in his head.
"Sasami and Washu are orphans we adopted.  Uh....  Mihoshi is the daughter
of
one of my dads friends and we are looking after her while she's on vacation.

Um....  Ayeka and Ryoko.  Well,"
Jake covered Tenchi's mouth.  "Never mind.  I don't care.  But since I know
your not related, you can live how you people lived before I came."
<It's not that simple.>  Tenchi thought as they approached the practice
area.
~~~~~~
"OK, now you two spar."  Katsuhito said handing Tenchi and Jake a
bokken(whatever they're called)  Every other day they sparred.
"Hey, for once, can I use two bokkens?  Just this once."  Jake asked, having

wanted to use two since he first practiced.
Katsuhito looked at him then threw him another one.
Tenchi got in his fighting position.  "I'm still going to beat you.  Like
the
last three times."
Jake put one of his hand behind him with a bokken in it, so the bokken's end

was as far as his chest.  The other one was in front.  "That's what you
think."
They stood there, looking at each other.  Everything got quite.  The birds
weren't chirping, no bugs were.... making noises.  Everything was quite
until
Tenchi charged.
Tenchi gave Jake an overhead swing, which Jake blocked with his left bokken
and then swung at Tenchi with the other, forcing him to jump back.  "Hey, do

you mind if one of these break?"  Jake asked Katsuhito while holding up a
bokken.
"Not at all."
Jake smiled then charged Tenchi, doing an overhead swing.  Tenchi blocked
it,
leaving his bottom half open.  Jake swung at that him, forcing him back.  He

repeated this until Tenchi was forced against a tree.  Blocking an attack
from Jake. Tenchi dropped his bokken when Jake hit him across his hands with

his other bokken.  Grabbing the bokken with both of his, Jake flung Tenchi's

behind him.  Trusting his bokkens at Tenchi's neck, he stopped before it
would have penetrated Tenchi's skin and he said one thing.  "I win."
~~~~~~
As Jake and Tenchi walked down the stairs, Tenchi was rubbing his neck.
'Uhh... Why did you have to do that so hard?"
When they reached the bottom they saw Ryoko coming towards them.  As Ryoko
approached she saw Tenchi rubbing his neck.  "Tenchi, what's wrong with your

neck?"
Jake go a small smile.  "Oh nothing, I just kick his butt when we sparred."
Ryoko went behind Tenchi and started massaging Tenchi.  "Oh, here, let me
make it feel better."  Ryoko said seductively, forgetting about Jake.
"So this is how you lived before I came here."  Jake commented while
watching.
"What are you talking about?"  Ryoko asked.
"Tenchi told me everything you people were hiding."
She let go off Tenchi.  "Oh, that's a relief.  I wanted to do this for a
while."
Tenchi turned to her.  "Ryoko do-oh shit."  Ryoko flew up into the air.
Jake looked at her with shocked eyes.  Ryoko say this.  "He didn't tell you
we're aliens, did he?"
"No."  Jake fainted.
~~~~~~
"Uhhhhhhh...."  Jake grumbled waking up.  He found himself on the couch with

everyone looking at him.  "I think you owe me an explanation."
Everyone looked at Tenchi.  "OK, I'll do it.  So Jake, here's the story."
At the end Jake was confused.  "Wait a sec.  Let's see if I got this right.

Ryoko's a space pirate who was sealed in a cave and you released along with
Ryo-Ohki.  Then Ayeka and Sasami came and there both princesses of Juria.
The Mihoshi, a Galaxy Police detective, crash landed here.  Then you were
killed by Kagato, then revived by a goddess named Tsunami.  You then killed
him with some Hawk Light Wings or Wing Light Hawks or Light Hawk Wings or
whatever and freed Washu, the greatest scientific genius in the universe,
who
made both Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki.  Then you discover Sasami was fused with
Tsunami.  Then some guy named Dr. Clay kidnapped Ryoko and, some robot named

Zero took her place.  Then you beat him and Ryoko fused with Zero."
Everyone nodded.  "They should make a show about that."  Jake commented.
Everyone watched as Jake sat their think.  "Your not going to kill me, are
you?"  Everyone shook their heads.  "So, the only difference now will be
Ryoko will flirt with Tenchi then Ayeka and Ryoko will fight and Ryoko will
fly and phase through stuff?"  Everyone nodded.  Jake sat there, nodding,
letting everything he just learned flow there his head.
"Are you going to stay?"  Sasami asked, not wanting him to leave.
Jake looked at them all.  "Yeah. I doesn't seem like things will be much
different."
Everyone sighed.
~~~~~~
"Ryoko!"
"Good morning Tenchi."
"Get out of my bed!"
"Ryoko, what are you doing to Lord Tenchi!?"
"Nothing you spoiled brat."
"Why you..."
*BOOM*
Jake lied in his futon, listening.  <Maybe I should have left.>
During breakfast Jake walked outside to get away from the fights.
"Mrow!"
Jake looked over towards the woods to see a male cabbit running towards him.

His fur was pure red.  He had an aqua blue crystal on his forehead.  His
eyes
were silver like the armor that covered part of his body.  The device had
holes for his legs and had a small keyboard with about 20 small buttons on
it.  There was a tiny monitor on the front with the keyboard and the back
had
a bigger one.
When the cabbit got to Jake, Jake bent down and started petting him.  "Ohki,

what are you doing here?"
The cabbit looked at him.  "Mrow, mrow."
"What do you me I sent you the signal?"
Ohki stood on his two hind legs, being about an inch taller than Ryo-Ohki
when she stood on two feet.  He pushed one of the buttons and the monitors
lit up.  He pushed two more buttons and a red dot with and the word "NOW"
under it.
<I didn't send that.  Wait a minute.  The explosion.  It must of made
something hit the button.>
"Hey Jake!"  Sasami said with running up to him with Ryo-Ohki on her head.

"Ohki. Hide."
The plan would have worked if Ohki didn't see Ryo-Ohki.  "Mrow."  Ohki ran
around Jake and up to Sasami, looking at Ryo-Ohki.
Sasami looked down at Ohki and now Ryo-Ohki since she jumped down.  "Jake,
who is this?"
Jake scratched the back of his head.  "How would I know?"  Jake let out a
couple of stupid laughs.
"Your not a human either, are you?"
"You are way to smart for your age."
~~~~~~
"Will you tell us why we are all here?"  Ryoko asked getting inpatient.
Sasami gathered everyone around so Jake could tell his story.
"Jake wants to tell us all something."  Sasami said looking over at Jake.
Jake stuck his tongue out at Sasami.  "Fine."  Jake sat down on the couch.

He pulled a ball out from nowhere.  He started throwing it against the wall.

"Well first off, I'm not human.  I'm........."  Jake got a confused look on
his face.  "Uh...  I'm not human.  I know that much.  I'm not Jurian either.

Um........"  Jake scratched the back of his head and got a large sweat drop.

"I don't know what I am.."
Everyone face faulted.
"Well, my real name is..........."  Jake thought for a second.  "OK, I don't

know that either."
"How can you not know your own name?"  Sasami asked.
"I have used so many so I forgot my real one.  Anyway I'm really a bounty
hunter.  The best.  I get them every time.  And right now I'm hired to snab
one of you."
Everyone looked at him and Ryoko started forming a small energy blast.
"Not you Ryoko.  Your mom.  Tokimi wants her.  Something about making her a
goddess again.  I was going to take her after about a month but I decided
against it."
Ryoko calmed down.  "Not like you could have taken her anyway."
Jake stopped throwing the ball.  "Want makes you think that?"
"Well, you would have to go through us."  Ryoko said pointing at everyone,
mainly her, Tenchi, and Ayeka
Jake laughing loudly but keeping it in his mouth.  "You think you could beat

me?  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"
Ryoko, Ayeka, and Tenchi started to get offended.  "Would you like to go
right now?"  Ryoko said forming an energy sword.
"Ryoko!"  Tenchi yelled, even though he felt like taking a swing at Jake.
"Why should I fight you.  I mean Ohki could beat you."
Everyone but Sasami looked around.  "Ohki?"
Jake held out his hand with the ball on the ball unwrapped itself, reviling
a
red cabbit.  "Mrow!"
"A cabbit!"  Everyone yelled.
Washu ran up to him and started examining him.  "Where did you get this!?"
Jake looked at her strangely.  "I made him."
Washu remembered what Funaho said when she was here.  "Your the one who
attacked Juria!"
Ayeka looked at him evilly.
"Wait a second!  I did not attack Juria!  I'm a bounty hunter, not a pirate!

Besides, I made Ohki around 5000 years ago!"
Washu thought for a moment.  "That's when I made Ryo-Ohki!"
"What a coincidence."
"Coincidence?  You stole my idea!"
"I did not!  Ohki was an original idea from me!"
"What is he made of?"
"I used Masus, my DNA, and some creature's DNA from around the universe."
"I used Masus and a crystalline life form."
"Hm....  What can she do?"
"Telekinesis, polymorphic self, phase through matter, and human morph."
"Hm.....  So all you used was Masus and a crystalline life form?"
"Yeah."
"I didn't use anything resembling a crystalline life but they are almost the

exact same."
"What do you mean almost exact same?"
"Well, including all the things you said Ohki can morph into many different
things, teleport, and is abnormally intelligent."
"What life forms did you use in him?"
"Lets see... I used-"
Tenchi cut him off.  "Uh, I think you guys got off track."  Tenchi said,
having a large sweat drop like everyone else.
Jake leaned over towards Washu.  "Well talk later."  Jake looked back at
everyone.  "So, where was I?"
"Uh... you were laughing at us because Ryoko said we could beat you."
"Oh right.  Let's skip that.  OK, I think I covered al the important stuff,
so I'm going to go get Ohki's things because there is something he wants."

Jake walked up the stairs.  About a minute later he came down with his
backpack.  Setting it down, he opened it.  He took out a silver looking box
with a blue button on it.
"Mrow."  Ohki said looking at the box.
Jake looked at the box more carefully.  "Oops.  Sorry."  Jake pulled out
another box that looked the same except the button was red.  "We should go
outside for this."
When everyone was outside when Jake pushed the button and ran towards them.

"You got to go further."  He said running past them.  Everyone followed.
When everyone got to where Jake and Ohki were, they heard beeping from the
box.  A bright flash happened and when everyone could see again, there was a

ship, resembling Mihoshi and Kiyone's ship in the TV Tenchi series, but much

smaller.
"Come on, lets go see if we can find your stuff."  Jake said while walking
towards the ship with Ohki following.
"How are you going to get in?"  Tenchi asked, seeing that the ship looked
like it was for cabbits and they could fit in any of the openings.
Jake didn't turn around, he just disappeared.  Everyone looked down and saw
a
cabbit where Jake was standing.  His fur was brown starting at the tail, and

turned into blonde to the tip of his ears.  His eyes were blue and the
crystal one his head was black.  Everyone watched, eyes wide, as Ohki and
the
new cabbit, walked into the ship, followed by Ryo-Ohki.
~~~~~~
This is all in cabbit talk.
"OK, what are we looking for again?"  Ryo-Ohki asked.
"We're looking for a mask that's made of the same thing I'm wearing, and a
small orange box."  Ohki told Ryo-Ohki.
Jake ran into the room with something in his mouth.  Coming up to them he
dropped it.  "Found the mask."
Ohki picked it up with one paw and put it on when with the other paw he
pushed a button on his keyboard.  Red wires connected the two pieces.  "OK,
now we need the  orange box."
Jake ran off into some into the ship.  "What those the box do anyway?"
Ryo-Ohki asked.
"It makes carrots."
~~~~~~
"They was been in there for a while."  Sasami said in a worried tone.
"Hey, Ryoko, can't you tell us what's going on?"  Tenchi asked remembering
Ryoko's  mind link with Ryo-Ohki.
"If your talking about my mind link with Ryo-Ohki.  No.  It's been cut off."

Just then Ohki come out of the ship with a small orange box in his mouth
with
Ryo-Ohki right behind him.
"Miya!  Miya!  Miya!"  Ryo-Ohki yelled circling him.
Ohki put the box down and pushed the button.  A carrot appeared by the box.

He pushed again and again until there were about 20 carrots.  Then Ohki and
Ryo-Ohki started eating.
"That's a useful device for them."  Sasami said, thinking that now Ryo-Ohki
won't steal carrots.  Sasami looked at them and realized something.  "What's

on his face?"
Everyone looked at Ohki's face.  Ohki looked at them all and bent his head
to
the side.  "Mrow?"
"MROW!"  Jake screamed running out of the ship.  He was followed by two
robots firing lasers at him.  "Mrow! Mrow! Mrow! Mrow! Mrow!"  He screamed
running around Ryoko, still followed by the robots.
Ryoko, being able to understand him, formed her sword and cut the robots in
half.  Jake turned back to his human form, breathing heavily.  "Ohki, your
getting rid of the attack robots."
"Mrow."  He said sadly, lowering his head.
"I don't care.  You don't need them anyway."
Ohki lifted his mask and stuck his tongue out at Jake.
Jake picked up his cube.  "Well, I'm getting my stuff now."  He pushed the
button and threw the cube into the air.  After the beep, a space ship,
identical to Ohki's but human size came out.
Ohki looked at the ship and it stood in midair.  "Mrow."  Ohki said like he
was lifting a large mount of weight, which he was.
Jake looked in the cockpit and appeared in it.  Ohki let go of the ship.(if
you didn't understand, he was using telekinesis)
The ship hovered down onto the ground a crushed a couple of trees.  The
hatch
door opened and Jake was standing there.  "You coming in?"
~~~~~~
"Jake.  How did you turn into a cabbit before?"  Tenchi asked Jake as they
walked threw his ship.
"I've been wondering that myself."  Ayeka said, coming along with them.
"Well, before when me and Washu were talking.  You heard me say all the
things that Ohki could do."
They nodded.
"OK, well.  After I made him a realized he had powers I didn't.  So I
rounded
up the creatures that I used in him and mixed some of there DNA in with
mine.
 I got the powers but, messed my original body up."
"Your original body?"  Tenchi asked.
"Well, after I mixed there DNA with mine, my body mixed with theirs and it
looked kinda odd.  Luckily for me, I just inherited morphing so I morphed
into what my body originally looked like."
"Can we see your original body?"
"Don't push your luck."
~~~~~~
"Jake, is it me or does this seem more like a house then a ship?"  Tenchi
asked, walking around the shuttle while Jake told him about it.
"I've noticed that two."  Ayeka said, going with them two.  So far every
room
they visited looked like a room from a house.
"Well, this is were I live so I made it like a house."  Jake said sitting on

a couch in the room there in.
Just then four turrets come out of the ceiling, walls, and floor.  They
fired
beams at Ryoko who came flying past them, lasers all around her.
"Auto defenses off."  Jake said.  They turrets disappeared.  "Ryoko.  If
there is a sign that says DO NOT ENTER, don't try to enter."
"Why do you have people attacked if they try to enter?"  Tenchi asked,
thinking it was a bit rough.
"Because I don't want people to enter those rooms."  Jake thought for a
moment.  "Computer.  Vaporize everything in every room with auto defenses."

"OK."  A female voice said.
"Wait a minute!  Not room five.  Leave room five alone."
"Done."  The female voice said.
"OK, now everyone room with auto defense, except room five, get rid of the
auto defense."
"Done."
"Now show me the rooms."
Windows appeared all around.  "The quick way."  A helmet lowered on Jake's
head, lit up for a second, and lifted back into the ceiling.  "So, Ryoko.
You coming with us?"
~~~~~~
"Wow."  Mihoshi was wondering around the ship when she entered the cockpit.

In the middle of the room was a circle with a stool in the middle.  The
circle had keyboards, switches, and levers all over with assorted lights.
The rest of the room had lights, buttons, switches, and knobs but they were
only for show.(she doesn't know that).
Mihoshi walked over to the circle and pressed a button.  A window appeared
showing Jake's police file.  Criminal class A.  Name: Unknown, Species:
Unknown, Blood Type: Unknown, Height: Unknown, Weight: Unknown, Gender:
Male.
 Extremely dangerous if wearing cyrslite armor.  Do not approach if wearing
armor without informing headquarters.  Wanted for thievery, murder, assault,

smuggling, illegal operations, the list keeps going.
<I should turn him in.  But.....>  Mihoshi was remembering the last week.  <

No!  As a
member of the Galaxy Police I must turn in the criminal.>  Mihoshi left, not

noticing the message at the top.
~~~~~~
"And this is a bedroom."  Jake said as they walked into a plain bedroom.  A
bed, cabenit, desk, and a TV.
"Jake!  As a Galaxy Police Officer I must arrest you!  You have the right to

rem-" Jake interrupted Mihoshi when he kissed her.  He held it there for
ten-seconds then let go.  Mihoshi stood there, wide eyed.  "Never mind."
Jake turned around.  "That always works."  He felt tap on his shoulder.
"Wha-" Mihoshi interrupted him when she kissed him.  Forcing him onto the
bed
she finally lifted herself off him.  He stood there, wide eyed.  "That's the

first time that happened."  Jake remebered that Ryoko, Tenchi, and Ayeka
were
still in the room.  "Computer, kick them out and stop all activity in this
room."
Turrets surronded Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko.  They got the message and left.

"Dooonnnnnneeeeee....."  The computer shut down in that room.
Jake looked at Mihoshi, who had moved to the edge of the bed.  "OK, what the

hell was that?"
Mihoshi looked over at him.  "I love you."
Jake looked shocked.  "Wait a minute.  You try to arrest me, then tell me
you
love me.  Your new at this aren't you?"
Mihoshi nodded.
"But more importantly.  What do you mean you love me?  I knew you for a
week."
Mihoshi lowered her head.  "Well, over the last week, you've been so kind to

me.  You don't get mad when I cry or accidentally injure you.  And I guess
that, well, I fell in love with you."
<This is like some bad story wrote by some bad author.  But damn, I've lived

for 20,000 years and this has never happened before........  Boy that is
pathetic.  Well, at least I'm not virgin.>   "OK, well.  Sorry to say but, I

don't exactly feel the same way."
"*sniff, sniff*"
"Oh, don't cry.  How about this.  I'll stop flirting with all the other
girls
and spend my time with you and we'll see were that goes?"
"*sniff, sniff* Really?"
"Yeah."
"Yay!"  Mihoshi threw herself on Jake.
~~~~~~
"Access Denied."  Is what Washu's holo com read when she failed to tap into
Jake's ship's main computer.  "Damn it!  That's the ninth time!"  Washu
tried
again.  "Access Denied."  "Damn it!"
Four turrets from the walls ceiling and ground appeared.  "See ya."  The
female voice said as the turrets fired.
~~~~~~
"Turn on activity in room 13."  Jake said out loud walking out of the room
with Mihoshi hanging on his.
After a bit the voice informed Jake on something.  "Done.  I should tell you

that someone was trying to hack into me."
Jake realized that it was probably Washu.  "Are the turrets on?"
"Yes."
"Turn them off and show me a visual."  A window appeared with a picture of
Washu and smoke was around her.  "Hey Washu.  How did you live?"
Washu looked at the window.   "A force feild.  But why did you attack me!"
"I didn't atack you, my computer did.  That's what you get for trying to
hack
in her."
"Fine.  I won't hack into her."
Jake didn't trust her.  "Computer.  Subwarp Washu here."  A black hole
opened
up under Washu and she fell threw.  Then a hole appeared above Jake and
Washu
fell in front of them.  "Your coming with us."
~~~~~~
"Computer.  Light up your exits and tell everyone to get out.  If they
don't,
aim your turrets at them."  Jake send while stepping out of the ship,
Mihoshi
on his right arm and Washu following.  "Also get the helmet and the
armbands."  A helmet and two armbands fell from the sky.
A helmet like Ohki's but with an extended part on the right with a keyboard
and bigger.  The armbands were also made with the silver type material.
 They
were as long as Jake's elbows to his wrist.  They had a keyboard with 20
buttons and a small monitor.  They were both an inch thick.
Jake picked up an armband and pushed two buttons.  It opened up so he could
put his arm in.  He pushed the same two buttons to close it.  He did the
same
with the other.  He picked the helmet up and pushed some buttons on the
right
armband.  The monitor opened up and sucked in the helmet then closed up.
They all waited for everyone to get out.  First was Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, and
Ohki.  Then came out Tenchi with Ryoko clinged to him, then Ayeka a little
later.
"My that is a large ship."  Ayeka said when see came out.
"What took you so long?"  Tenchi aske trying to get Ryoko off him.
"I got lost."
*beep, beep, beep, beep*  Jake looked at his left armband.  "It's noon.
Let's have lunch."  Jake walked towards the kitchen and everyone followed.
~~~~~~
D3 appeared before Tokimi.  "My lady.  I have just learned that Jake will
not
be bringing Washu."
Tokimi appeared.  "Hm...  Give him two days.  If he doesn't came wth Washu,
do take her and kill him."
"D3 sttod up.  "Yes Lady Tokimi."
~~~~~~
Author's notes
This was sopposed to be two chapters but I kept writing and I made them into

two.  I know the Mihoshi/Jake love thing was out of the blue, but I wanted
an
odd twist and I need it for future chapters
