The Exchange Student
Chapter 1: His Arrival

~~~~~~
This fic is taken place in the OVA series, after DoD, Daughter of Darkness,
but no Kiyone.  If something is out of place like a room looks different
from
the show, forgive me, I haven't seen the show in a while.  Same thing if the

characters are out of character.
~~~~~~
As the sun broke through Tenchi's bedroom window, it shone in his eyes,
waking him to two golden catlike eyes looking at him.  "Ryoko!"  Tenchi
screamed while sitting up.
Ryoko got up with him and pulled him closer.  "Good morning darling."
Tenchi got out of his bed.  "Ryoko, how many time do I have to tell yu?
Don't come in my room when I'm asleep."
Ryoko looked at him seductively don't know how to spell it)  "But I came in
here with you when we both were awake."
"Ryoko."  Tenchi said in a, I don't believe you, tone.
"We had a very SPECIAL night."  Ryoko said in a seductive voice.
"Ryoko."  Tenchi said, switching his I don't believe you tone to his I know
your lying tone.
Ryoko sat crossed legged, put her arms in her lap, and put a disappointed
look on her face.  "Fine."  She teleported to the kitchen.
Tenchi started to change.  <Uh.. Ryoko.  She'll never learn.>
Walking out the door, Tenchi heard Sasami scream.  "Breakfast is ready!"
Going to the kitchen, Tenchi noticed everyone was there, including Noboyuki,

since it was Saturday.  "Uh.. Everyone I got something to say."  Noboyuki
said while standing up.  All eyes went on him.  "Someone will be living with

us all summer, maybe longer."
"WHAT!"  Everyone screamed.
"Well, before you all come here I signed Tenchi up for a foreign exchange
student program."
"Why don't you tell them that he can't come?"  Tenchi asked taking a seat.
"Becuase I got a letter yesterday saying he is going to be here today."
"WHAT!!"  They all screamed again.
"Why didn't you call them yesterday!"  Tenchi asked.
"Becuase I didn't read it till night and by then he would be on the plane."
Washu stood up.  "OK, so we can't get rid of him.  But we can't let him know

who we really are."
Tenchi thought of something that put a small smile on his face, but he made
sure he got rid of it right away.  "So girls,"  He said mainly looking at
Ryoko and Ayeka.  "that means no powers, no flying, no shields, no blowing
things up, no flirting, and especially no fighting, because that usually
cases all of them."
Ayeka and Ryoko looked at each other then turned around and crossed their
arms.  "Fine!"  They said in union.
"OK, but what about explaining why all of us are living here?"  Mihoshi
asked.
Washu thought for a moment then got an answer.  "How about this?  Ayeka and
Sasami will be Tenchi's sisters.  Ryoko and I will be Tenchi's cousins.  And

Mihoshi will be Tenchi's cousin on the other side of the family."  Everyone,

not being able to think of anything else, just nodded.
"OK, now the only thing left is were he will sleep.  We don't have any extra

rooms so he'll have to room with someone."  Noboyuki mention.
Tenchi was going to say something when Mihoshi interrupted.  "He can use my
room."
Everyone looked at her, surprised.  "What if he tries something?"  Ayeka
asked, think Mihoshi couldn't handle herself.
"What?  You don't think I can handle him?  I am perfectly capable of
handling
anyone!"
"OK, well, I guess that's settled."  Tenchi said, think if he disagreed he'd

be directly insulting Mihoshi.
