Disclaimer: 
Tenchi Muyo!/No Need For Tenchi is a product of Pioneer/AIC. 
Tenchi Muyo and the characters within were created by 
Kajashime Masaki.

Note: An uchikake is the over-kimono worn by a Japanese bride. 
Usually a number of other kimonos <at least 3 according to a 
Japanese couple who posted a web-page about their wedding in 
detail> are worn beneath it.

Note 2: A haori-hakama is the wedding outfit worn by a 
Japanese groom.

Tenchi Muyo: Exile #2: "Farewell, Trakal/Hello, Naoki"


	The Alteration Chamber looked like an iron 
maiden. Fortunately without all the spikes. Trakal 
stepped in and relaxed as Washu closed the door. A
moment later, blue gas filled the chamber. Trakal
closed his eyes as consciousness left his body. 
	Outside the chamber, Washu watched the 
Draalthi vanish, knowing that from that moment on,
Trakal would no longer exist. 
	
	"I hope Naoki's okay." Tanaka sighed as
she paced outside Washu's lab.
	"Naoki?" Tenchi asked. "I thought your 
fiance was named Trakal."
	"It is," Tanaka replied. "But now that
Washu's making him human..."
	"Making him human?" Tenchi asked. 
	"His boss showed up." Tanaka explained. 
"He said that if a Draalthi stayed on Earth, it 
would upset the timeline."
	"So she's making him human?" Tenchi 
wanted to know.
	"Yes." Tanaka replied.

	Washu pushed a few buttons and opened 
the Alteration chamber. The door slid open
and the gas that had built up around the 
chamber's occupant began to dissipate...
	
	***

	He was semi-conscious, had been like
that for some time, suffocating. A hand was 
holding him up by the throat, squeezing his
neck. He was being strangled, but only enough
to daze him, not to kill him. He opened his
mouth in a soundless, near-breathless, scream.

	***

	He woke up screaming. 

	He sat up, panting, trying to catch 
his breath. For a few minutes he was disoriented,
trying to figure out who and where he was.
	Where came rather quickly. He was lying
on the floor.
	"But who's floor?" He asked himself. 
"Am I in a hospital? In someone's house? In my
house? Who am I?"
	"Naoki!" a redhaired woman he recognized
but didn't know exclaimed upon seeing him.
	Naoki? Was that his name? It seemed wrong,
but she seemed to expect him to respond to it, so
he did.
	"I'm okay. I must've been..." he searched 
for the word. "...sleepwalking." he finished.
	"Its okay." The redhead told him.
	"Who are you?"
	"Me? Only the most brilliant mind in the 
Galaxy."
	"Oh." Naoki replied.

	***
	"I'm sure he's fine." Tenchi told Tanaka.
	"I hope so." Tanaka replied, wistfully.
	Washu's lab door swung open and Washu 
stepped out. Alone.
	"Naoki?" Tanaka sounded as if she expected 
to hear Washu tell her something had gone horribly 
wrong, that Trakal had been killed!
	"He's just getting dressed." Washu explained. 
"He'll be out in a moment."
	Tanaka sighed, looking visibly relieved.
	A moment later, Naoki emerged from Washu's lab.

	Tanaka gaped. He looked the same as he 
had when they'd met, but his eyes were royal blue and 
his pupils round, no longer slitted. They were still 
beautiful, though, especially under his long, thick 
lashes. His hair, of course, was shorter than when he'd 
been in school with her, but it wasn't too short and 
still looked a bit moppish. He was wearing a blue men's 
kimono shirt and black cotton pants which matched the belt 
tied at his waist.
	"Wow!" Tanaka finally managed, her heart throbbing
rapidly.
	Naoki heard her and focused his gaze on the floor 
at his feet, fidgetting nervously.
	"Naoki?" Tanaka noted his sudden shyness and 
uncertainty. "What's wrong?"
	"Are... are you my wife?" Naoki asked.
	Of course! Tanaka realized. Washu had given him
partial amnesia to hide his past identity! 
	"Not yet." she smiled. "I'm your fiancee. Tanaka."
	Naoki let out a sigh of relief. He drew her close 
and was about to kiss her when Ryo-ohki came running 
through the hall, with a carrot in her mouth, chased by 
Mihoshi and Sasami! Naoki didn't see them, however, as he 
was completely focused on Tanaka. Both girls and the cabbit 
ran headlong into Naoki, knocking him over. His head hit the
floor and he blacked out.

	A lion trotted up to him and he was sure he was about 
to be eaten. He ran as swiftly as he could along the metallic 
corridor. The lion gave chase, growling and roaring as it ran.
He turned down a side passage. The lion turned down it after
him. He couldn't shake the ferocious beast! Another turn! Then 
another! A third, and...
	Dead end!
	The lion turned the third corner and Naoki stared at 
it as it stalked toward him. Around its neck it wore a 
medallion with the letters "GP" on it, in a strange design.
The lion stopped, looked him in the eye, and told him "Best of
luck with your marriage."
	Naoki fainted.
 	"I think he's coming out of it." Tenchi 
told the others as Naoki regained consciousness.
	The young man sat up and ran a hand 
through hair. "What happened?" He asked.
	"You got run over by a two girls and a 
cabbit." Tanaka replied.
	"Oh. Okay." Naoki shrugged.
	Ryo-Ohki hopped up to him and eyed him, 
curiously. 
	"Miya?" She said, hoping he wasn't mad at her.
	Naoki turned and saw the cabbit. His eyes went
wide and he went all kawaii. He picked her up and hugged 
her. "I didn't fall on you when I fell, did I?" He asked 
as he nuzzled her and scritched her behind the ear. 
"Awww... you poor adorable thing..."
	"Um, Washu?" Ayeka whispered, making sure Naoki 
could not hear them, "What is going on?"
	"There wasn't enough Jurai DNA in him to fully 
transform him so I had to use someone else's."
	"Who's?" Ayeka asked.
	"Well, I didn't want to contaminate the specimens 
I took from Tenchi, so..."
	Tanaka waited.
	"...I used one I got from Misaki." Washu finished.
	Ayeka simply keeled over. A moment later she sprang up.
	"How did you get a sample of my mother's DNA?" She 
demanded.
	"I got it from her hairbrush, of course." Washu grinned.
	"He's not going to be like this forever, is he?" Tanaka 
asked, as Naoki stated that she was very cute and hugged her.
	"Well, he'll go all wide-eyed and such whenever he spots 
something cute, and probably try to hug it, but it won't last 
forever.
	
	It was going to last a little longer, however, because at
that very moment, the owner of the DNA that made Naoki go all 
kawaii at the sight of anything cute was walking up the path to 
the front door.
	"I can't wait to see my litle Ayeka and Sasami." She told 
her sister.
	Funaho nodded. "Yes. It has been some time since we paid a 
visit. It will be good to see my son Yosho again."
	They arrived at the door and Funaho knocked.

	Tenchi went to the door and opened it. "Yes?" He asked.
	"Tenchi!" Misaki cried out, as she hugged him. "Oh, Tenchi! 
It's so good to see you again!"
	"It's good to see you again, too." Tenchi said, with some 
difficulty, since Misaki was hugging him so tightly that he could 
hardly breathe.
	"Tenchi, who is?" Sasami asked as she came into the hallway.
	Misaki released Tenchi. "Sasami!!" She cried out as she ran 
toward her daughter.
	"Mummy!" Sasami cried out, happily, as she ran toward Misaki. 
The two embraced and Misaki snuggled Sasami affectionately.
	"Ayeka and the others are in the living room, if you'd like to 
join us." Tenchi offered.
	"That would be very nice, thank you." Funaho said, smilingly.
	Funaho and Misaki walked into the living room with Tenchi and 
Sasami.
	"Little Ayeka!" Misaki cried out.
	"My mommy!" Ayeka exclaimed.
	Ryoko almost got her mouth stretched a second time, but 
quickly remembered the first time and kept it shut.
	Ayeka and Misaki embraced for several moments, then Misaki 
spotted Tanaka. "Oh! How pretty!" She exclaimed.
	Tanaka stood up and bowed. "Thank you, I..."
	Misaki, of course, rushed over and hugged her tightly.
	Tanaka shrugged mentally and hugged Misaki back.
	"Are you my great grandnephew's new girlfriend?" Misaki asked.
	"No." Tanaka replied. "Actually, I'm a friend of Achika's."
	"Oh," Misaki released her a moment later, when she spotted 
Naoki, who'd just come in from grabbing a snack in the kitchen.
	"Oh, he's so cute!" She exclaimed.
	Naoki heard her and piku'ed, then his eyes went just as wide 
and misty as Misaki's.
	"How adorable!" He exclaimed in reply.
	Naoki and Misaki embraced each other, very tightly, and nuzzled
each other for several minutes before Tanaka cleared her throat 
loudly.
	"Just what do you think you're doing, Naoki?" She asked,
sternly.
	Naoki stopped hugging Misaki and embraced Tanaka. "Now now," he
told her, "no need to be jealous. I love you more than anyone in the 
whole world."

***

	When Funaho and Misaki learned that Tanaka was 
engaged to marry Naoki, they insisted on taking her to 
shop for her wedding kimono. She agreed and the three 
headed into town.
	Tanaka came out of the first fitting room wearing 
a white uchikake and a couple other kimonos under it.
	Misaski, of course, thought it looked just darling, 
but Funaho wasn't convinced.Tanaka thought it lacked something. 
	"Naoki's given up a lot more than he'll ever know for 
me." She told him. "I want my wedding clothes to be fitting for 
such a groom."
	The next uchikake was also while, but had a design of 
silver leaves and flowers embroidered upon it. This was a little 
more festive, but still not particularly special.
	The third was a red uchikake with a design of a golden 
tracing of a pattern of flowers and leaves going up the right 
side and over the shoulder.
	Misaki's eyes boggled. "Ooh! Sis'," she told Funaho. 
"She's so cute!"
	"I agree." Funaho replied, serenely. "that's a very
beautiful uchikake."
	"I think so, too." Tanaka agreed.
	They paid for the dress and then made their way to the 
closest restaurant for lunch.
	While they waited for their meals, Funaho spoke. "You must
love Naoki very much."
	"I do." Tanaka nodded. "He means worlds to me."
	"He seems to think very highly of you, too." Funaho agreed.
	Tanaka nodded. "He loves me." She smiled, thoughtfully. 
"It...I just get so happy... I almost feel like singing sometime."
	"What a wonderful idea!" Misaki decided. "Sis," she told 
Funaho, "after lunch, why don't the two of us take Tanaka to the 
karaoke club. We could all have lots of fun."
	"That would be fun." Funaho agreed.

	In another part of town, Yosho and Nobuyuki were helping 
Naoki pick out the right haori-hakama for his wedding. Since he 
had no family, the traditional family crest would be absent. They'd 
both been grooms before, and knew how the clothes should fit, and 
though he normally would not have worried too much about how his 
clothes looked any other time, for his wedding to Tanaka, he'd wanted 
everything to be perfect. 
	Having selected a very nice ensemble, the three men had made
their way to a small restaurant. Naoki couldn't eat very much. He was 
too nervous about his upcoming marriage to Tanaka. He was hungry, 
however, so he ordered a plate of seafood gyoza and some weak tea,
which was just enough for him.
	"Is something the matter, Naoki?" Yosho asked.
	Naoki looked up from toying with one of the dumplings on his 
plate. "No." He replied. "I'm fine. Why?"
	"You've hardly touched your food." Yosho pointed out.
	"Oh." Naoki shrugged. "Do I usually eat more?"
	"I think so." Nobuyuki shrugged.
	"I guess I'm just..."
	"Nervous?" Nobuyuki offered.
	"Please!" Naoki scoffed. "What would I have to be nervous 
about?"
	Nobuyuki didn't look up as he spoke through a mouthful of 
food. "Oh, I don't know. Being unable to remember your past? Living 
with a bunch of people you hardly know? Getting married in less than 
a
month? Huh?" He asked as he heard a thud. He looked up to find that 
Naoki had fainted and had fallen sideways out of his chair.
	"Hmmm." Yosho mused, as he pondered the situation.

	Tanaka's voice rang out like perfectly tapped chimes.
Each note resonated with her deepest emotions. Her heart beat 
swiftly as the lyrics sprang from her lips, each one rich with
the love she felt for Naoki. 
	Funaho and Misaki listened. "She's quite good, don't 
you think, sis'?" Funaho asked.
	"Very good." Misaki agreed. 
	Tanaka's song ended and the machine's electronic 
scoring system awarded her a score of eighty-nine out of a
possible one-hundred.
	Misaki took her turn next. She sang pretty well as far as
Tanaka and Funaho could hear. The machine, however, had another
opinion and gave her a sixty-two. Naturally, she tried to stare
down the machine, but it wasn't a Juraian machine, and it simply 
sat there until finally Misaki gave up and sat back down, glaring
at the machine every now and then.
	Funaho took her turn, scoring in the mid seventies. 
	"I can do better!" Misaki declared, grabbing the microphone,
paying the required amount, and getting a seventy-one five minutes 
later.
	"Let me show you how its done, sis." Funaho laughed, paying
her fee, and scoring a seventy-two.
	The two of them went on and on until their last yen had been
spent. They were about to leave when they noticed that Tanaka wasn't
there.

	Tanaka sat quietly in the booth, next to Yosho and Nobuyuki.
Naoki was so busy singing, that he hadn't noticed that she was there.
There was a dreamy look in her eyes as she watched him. 
	Naoki finished and turned to hand the microphone to 
Yosho. When he saw Tanaka standing there, he blushed. He had been 
singing a love-song about how deeply he cared for her and she'd 
probably heard every word of it.
	"Sing a duet!" Nobuyuki suggested, cheerfully.
	"What an excellent idea." Yosho agreed.
	"My son is right." Funaho said from the door. "You two are
engaged, after all. I'd love to hear you two sing together."
	Naoki shrugged. "I guess we don't have any choice.
	"I guess not." Tanaka agreed.
	The two sang together, their voices in perfect harmony. When it
was over, they were pleasantly surprised, and slightly embarrassed 
when they heard the others cheering. 
	"They even blush in perfect unison!" Nobuyuki pointed out.
	"We're not blushing!" Naoki pointed out, feeling slightly
uncomfortable. "We're um..."
	Tanaka came to the rescue. "We're flushed from singing really
hard." She explained.
	"Yeah! That's it!" Naoki exclaimed. Out of the corner of his
mouth, he told her. "Thanks, darling."
	"I don't think they're buying it." She replied, out of the
other corner of her own mouth.
	"Come on," Funaho finally said. "I think its time we headed
home. Sasami probably has dinner ready for us by now."
	"Great idea." Misaki nodded.
	"I'm starving." Naoki admitted.
	"You should be, the way you just picked at your food at
lunchtime."
	"Sounds like our groom-to-be has a case of the jitters."
Misaki grinned.
	"You better believe it!" Nobuyuki chuckled.
	"Naoki?" Tanaka asked, seeing Naoki standing there looking
as white as a sheet.
	"Hmmm." Yosho mused. "I think we should get him home."
	Naoki didn't regain consciousness until later that 
evening. By then, everyone had had supper and most of them 
had retired to the living room to watch television.
	Tanaka and Yosho were in Naoki's room, sitting by 
his bed.
	Tanaka was holding Naoki's hand as he sat up with 
a yelp and looked around, hauntedly. "Naoki?" She asked, 
gently. "What's wrong?"
	"Bad dream." He told her. "Tanaka..."
	"Naoki, we're engaged. My first name is..."
	"Tanaka, I know we're engaged. But how do I know 
I'm not already	married? How do I know someone else isn't
out there looking for me right now?"
	"I can't tell you that, my darling." Tanaka told 
him. "But I can tell you that we love each other very much. 
Your heart must be telling you that."
	"It is." Naoki admitted. "But I feel I felt some 
type of deep devotion to someone else before I met you. I 
have to know who that was."
	Tanaka was in a bind, now. She couldn't tell Naoki 
about his life as Lt. Trakal of the Galaxy Police. They'd 
erased his memory for a reason. Even Kiyone and Mihoshi 
avoided talking about the Galaxy Police when they were around 
Naoki. But if she didn't tell him, he might postpone the 
wedding, even call it off, and she couldn't bear the thought 
of that.  		
	"I have to get some sleep." Tanaka said, which was 
true. The day in the city had exhausted her.
	Naoki seemed to sense she was avoiding a reply and 
spoke up as she reached the door. "What aren't you telling 
me?" He asked.
	Tanaka looked back at him sadly. "I can't tell you 
that." She told him. "Please, don't ask me again. I love 
you, Naoki. That's enough."
	Naoki was too tired and frightened to argue.
	Yosho spoke up. "Tanaka, go on to bed. I'll sit up 
with Naoki for a bit."
	Tanaka departed and went up to her room. When she 
got there, she flopped herself down on the bed, and 
burst into tears.
	"What's the matter?" Washu asked as she strolled 
into the room.
	"Washu!" Tanaka yelped, sitting up. She brushed 
a tear from her face. "I think Naoki's going to break 
off the engagement. He remembers his devotion to the 
Galaxy Police and he thinks its an indication that he's 
already married to someone else. And I think he thinks
I'm trying to hide that from him so he'll marry me."
	"Hmmm." Washu brought out her holoputer and 
tapped a few keys. After a quick calculation, she looked
up. "Well, I know what the Galaxy Police Commander said,
but according to my calculations, the Universe won't end
if Naoki gets his memory back."
	"But Washu..." Tanaka protested. "You promised 
the Galaxy Police..."
	"I only made that promise to get old lion-breath
off our backs." Washu grinned. 

***

	Naoki covered his ears and shook his head vehemently.
	"NO!" He screamed at Washu. "No! That's not possible!"
	"Naoki," Washu tried to soothe him. "you were called Trakal. 
You were a fearless operative working for the Galaxy Police."
	"I don't care if I was working for her majesty's secret
service!" Naoki blurted out. "I was *NEVER* a giant bat!"
	"Yes, you were." Washu insisted.
	"NO!" Naoki denied. "That's not possible! There's no such
thing as giant bats!"
	"Then why have you been dreaming about one?"
	Naoki eyed her suspiciously. "How do you know what I've 
been dreaming?" He asked, cautiously.
	"Those dreams are memories from your past life." Washu 
explained. "I couldn't erase them because your loyalty to the Galaxy 
Police was too strong for even me to obliterate entirely."
	Naoki thought about the memories Washu was claiming were
his. They seemed impossible, yet some deep instinct told him they 
were true. Or was he just going crazy. And if it was true...
	"If I'm really some kind of alien creature, then I can't marry
Tanaka." He realized. A tear ran down his face. "She couldn't 
possibly want a..a..."
	"A hideous freak?" Tanaka asked from the doorway where she was
standing with Tenchi, Nobuyuki, and Yosho.
	Naoki looked toward the door, with tears in his eyes.
	"Good thing I'm not marrying Nobuyuki then." She joked as she
stepped forward.
	"Now, just a minute!" Nobuyuki began to protest.
	The others keeled over with laughter, knowing the remark was 
made in good humor.
	Even Naoki was laughing, though his laughter was more of
relief than of anything else.
	Tanaka took Naoki's hand as she sat on the edge of the bed. "I
knew what you really were when you asked me to marry you."
	"And you said yes?" Naoki blinked.
	"Yes." Tanaka replied.
	"But why?" Naoki asked.
	"Because I love you." Tanaka explained.
	"Oh." Naoki replied, quietly. He stood up and looked her
in the eye. 
	As Naoki and Tanaka gazed at each other, both losing all 
knowledge of time and space, knowing nothing but the love present in
the other's eyes, Washu unlocked the last of Naoki's hidden 
memories. He remembered the week they'd spent in 1970. His hunt for 
Kain. Her infatuation with Trakal; an infatuation that had turned 
into love. The revelation of his true identity to her, and the 
subsequent kiss she'd responded with. He remembered a walk they took 
just after they'd arrived in the present with the others. They'd 
strolled along the pathway together, hand in hand, talking about 
their future as husband and wife.
	And she had told him her first name was...
	"I love you, Makiya." He told her, as the final barrier fell
from his heart. Now that he knew who he was, that he had no past 
relationships, he was free to love her.


