TENCHI MUYO! EXILE #8
Night of the Cabbit
--------------------------------------
DISCLAIMER: Pioneer/AIC owns the characters. Don't sue me. Kain ate my wallet.


Miya?

Kain blinked. He looked around and then looked up at Trakal who was regarding him with a
look of uncertainty. He hopped over to a mirror, wondering what was making him do all this
damned hopping, and looked.

A snow white cabbit with tufts of jet black hair under its ears and a jet black gem at the
center of its forehead looked out of the mirror at him. Kain toppled back in surprise,
eliciting a laugh from Trakal, who must have thought Kain's current predicament was
extremely funny.

Kain hopped over to Trakal and bit his ankle. Trakal, far too amused to be seriously
alarmed, picked up the white cabbit and swatted it's nose. "Bad cabbit!" he told it. "No
carrot!" A moment later, Trakal, overwhelmed by the blood of Misaki Masaki which was
infused in him, kissed the cabbit on the nose and cuddled it, going on endlessly about how
cute it was, while a part of him fumed inwardly and wondered just what the hell was wrong
with him.

Kain fumed, his fur bristling, eyes glowing. He'd get back at this little GP upstart!
Who'd this little Draalthi punk think he was anyhow. He wriggled free, then licked a
droplet of Trakal's blood from the floor while Trakal used one of Washu's devices to close
up the small puncture wound in his ankle. The little cabbit grimaced and spat the blood
out. Jurai blood... in a Draalthi? No wonder this one had dared challenge him! He licked
his fur, to get the taste out of his mouth, then hopped around looking for an exit. He had
no intention of being trapped again.

*****

"We're home!" Ayeka called as she and Yosho walked into the house.
"Welcome home, Miss Ayeka." Tenchi greeted her. "Did you enjoy your date?"
"Yes, I did." Ayeka smiled. "Thank you, Tenchi."
"Well, I'm glad you had a good time."
Ayeka smiled then went into the living room. "Isn't this one of Washu's favorite shows?"
she asked, noticing the program Mihoshi and Sasami were watching. "Uh huh." Sasami nodded.
"Mihoshi," Ayeka suggested, "why don't you go and tell Miss Washu it's on?" "Okay."
Mihoshi agreed, heading to Washu's lab.

Washu saw the door of her lab creak open. The white cabbit saw it, too.
"No!" she cried out. "Don't open the..."
Mihoshi openned the door further to hear what Washu was telling her and the white cabbit
hopped quickly out. "...door." Washu concluded, deflatedly. "Oh! How cute!" Ayeka cried
out, picking the white cabbit up and cuddling him.

Kain snarled and bit her nose, instantly spitting the blood out of his mouth. Ayeka threw
him against the wall in pain and shock. He tumbled over and landed upside down. He stood
against the wall, hissing, his ears and furs sticking out, his teeth bared.

A moment later, Trakal, who'd recovered himself, came running out of Washu's lab. He was
clutching Mihoshi's Galaxy Police gun. With a cry of rage, he openned fire on the white
cabbit who hopped out of the way, neatly avoiding the blast. The cabbit leaped up the
stairs in a hurry to avoid him.

"KAIN! I SWEAR I'LL GET YOU!!!" He vowed as he gave chase.

"Miya!!" Kain replied, though his thoughts were not nearly as cute as he sounded.

Kain hopped frantically down the upstairs hallway with Trakal in close pursuit, firing
upon him and missing by mere inches each time as Kain hopped out of the way of each blast.
The blasts were leaving holes in the wall, the floor, the ceiling...

Nobuyuki came out of the upstairs bathroom and was run over by the white cabbit. A moment
later, one of Trakal's plasma blasts whizzed by over him.

"GAH!" Nobuyuki cried out. He started to sit up and protest...

...and was immediately run over by Trakal who was running down the corridor yelling and
screaming at the cabbit.

Trakal fired at the cabbit again, making a large hole in the wall at the end of the
hallway. He and the cabbit kept running until they were outside and falling through the
air. Both of them landed haphazardly on the ground below. Stunned for a moment, they
quickly regrouped and resumed their battle. Trakal chased the cabbit down the road toward
the shrine.

Tenchi and the others watched Trakal chasing the white cabbit down the road until they
were both out of sight. A few minutes later, they heard a loud roar, like the hum of a
spaceship. A moment later still, Trakal came around the corner, running for his life, with
Kain, now in spaceship form, firing blasts at him. Trakal was firing back every now and
then, but Kain seemed to have gotten the upper hand.

"Didn't Washu say she made him so he couldn't become a spaceship?" Ayeka asked.
"I thought she did." Tenchi pointed out.
"Hey, mom." Ryoko called. "I think you goofed. Kain's a spaceship."
"No, he isn't." Washu told them. "He's using some kind of hypnosis to make you think he
is. He's still just a cabbit." The minute they heard that, the spaceship vanished and they
were, again, facing a cute little white cabbit.

Trakal stopped running and grinned, wickedly, at the cabbit.
Kain snarled and lunged at the Draalthi, sinking his teeth into the hybrid's muzzle.
Trakal screamed in pain and rage and shook his head until the vicious cabbit shook free.

"Kain-Ohki." Washu said, picking it up. She held it out at arms' length as it swatted at
the air between them. "You naughty naughty cabbit." She laughed. She made a 'mother-hen'
type clucking noise while tapping Kain-Ohki's nose with the tip of her finger.

Trakal watched this with a look of perturbed amusement normally reserved for very bad
puns. He hated Kain for killing off most of the Galaxy Police, and he'd have been much
happier if his mortal enemy wasn't a member of the household... but to have Kain reduced
to a cute little cabbit was an amusing revenge.

As for Kain,  or rather Kain-Ohki, he was very unhappy and he wanted nothing more than to
share his unhappiness with others. Especially that Draalthi and this annoying woman.

"Miss Washu?" A female voice asked. "Sasami wanted me to tell you that it's almost tea
time."

Washu nodded. "Be right with you, Mihoshi." She grinned. "I'm starving."

Mihoshi noticed Kain-Ohki and picked him up. "How cute!" She hugged the white cabbit,
snuggling it and kissing it on the nose.

Kain bristled. He did not enjoy being kissed.


==========================================
Lt. Trakal
Operative of the Galaxy Police SIU