Hey, it's me again. As always I didn't make these characters I just write
about them. I made no money off them and I don't intend to. As a warning
to the reader I'm not entirely sure, but this story may turn out to be a 
lemon.
I don't realy know because quite frankly I don't plan these stories out 
ahead
of time. However considering that if it's a lemon it will be in the section
marked off as lemons then you probably know already. If not...


A fair contest
By, Clayton Overstreet

  Washu sat infront of her computer laughing manicaly. "I am going to put an
end to it. No more fights and I'll finaly get that sample from Tenchi." She
felt a tap on her shoulder. "Um, what sample Washu?" Washu whirled
around and saw Sasami standing there. "How did you get in here?" Sasami
shrugged, "Mihoshi showed me how last week. Anyway what was it you
said about fights and Tenchi?" Washu frowned. She wasn't sure how far she
could trust Sasami. "Sasami you don't like how Tenchi is fought over by
Ryoko and Ayeaka all the time, do you?" Sasami shook her head. "No
Washu." Waswhu smiled, "Well I have a plan to get it all to stop. Would you
like that?" She thought about it for a second. "You aren't going to do
something that might hurt Tenchi will you? He's like a brother to me and
Tsunami." Washu shook her head, "He wont get more than afew scratched
and bruises if anything Sasami. I swear." Biting her lip Sasami said, 
"Alright,
but don't get too carried away alright?" Washu nodded and the girl left.
  "That was too close. I've got to get out of here so i can stop talking to
myself."

  Tenchi was in Washu's lab. The little scientist was standing infront of 
him
and smiling from ear to ear. "Now Tenchi we're going to test my latest
invention. It's a compulsion ray. It will make it so that you will agree to 
play a
little game I'm setting up with the girls. Understand." Tenchi tugged at his
bonds a little. "Um... are you sure it's a good idea to mess with my brain 
like
this Washu?"
  Washu laughed and hit the button on the console. A green ray hit Tenchi in
the eyes. He felt nothing. Still smiling Washu pushed another button and the
girls except for Sasami appeared infront of her. Even Ryo-oki was there in
her adult form. Washu smiled and waited for them to calm down before
explaining herself. "We are going to have a scavenger hunt. Thanks to my
compulsion ray Tenchi has agreed to go along with it, isn't that right 
Tenchi?"
Tenchi tried to grit his teeth and say no, but it came out, "N-n-n YES!" He
lay there frowning. Washu smiled and Kyonei raised her hand. "Um, what
kind of scavenger hunt?" Washu turned to them again. "There is only one item
on the list. The one of you who can get the sperm sample I need from Tenchi
will be the winner." Ryoko grinned and rubbed her hands together. Tenchi
moaned.
  "Miss Washu, I can't believe you would suggest such a thing!" Ayeaka
yelled. Ryoko poked her in the ribs. "What's the matter princess? Afraid you
will loose." Ayeaka glared at her. "No... it's just..." Washu smiled and
hit Ayeaka and the others with the bea,. She turned to Tenchi and released
his bonds.
"You have exactly a half hour to find a hiding plance, then the game begins,
understand Tenchi?" He was gone before she finished the sentence. Mihoshi
was smiling at Washu, "So what is the prize?" Washu grinned back. "Hey, if
you can get this out of Tenchi, he's yours." Ryoko smiled. "In that case 
he's
going to be mine."

  Tenchi ran through the woods like a mad man. He couldn't believe that he
had let Washu make him do this. He swore that this was the last time he
would ever set foot in her lab. He tripped and fell over a bush when he 
heard
Washu's voice call out, "Let the games begin!" Moaning Tenchi gt up and
ran right into Ayeaka. "Why hello Tenchi..." She reached out and grabbed a
hold of his crotch. His face turned red and he ripped himself out of her 
grip.
  Running through the trees Tenchi spotted Mihoshi and Kyonei ahead of him
in the brush. "Kyonei why are we doing this again? I thought you and I were
seeing eachother." Kyonei was looking around for Tenchi and growled. "We
are, but since Washu didn't know that she included us in this demented
experiment of hers. I'm sorry Mihoshi." Kyonei kissed her, then began
looking for Tenchi again. "Now help me find him." Mihoshi smiled and shook
her head, "Ok Kyonei. Though if we'd told them like I wanted to we
wouldn't be in this mess. But why do I want to find Tenchi so bad?" Kyonei
sighed, "Because Washu hit us with some damn ray." Mihoshi poked her
head through the bush infront of Tenchi's face. "Hello Tenchi. Do you mind 
if
I get that sample now?" Tenchi turned and ran off, ducking under Ayeaka's
arms with Kyonei and Mihoshi directly behind him. "Washu, why did you do
this to me?"
  Tenchi ran towards the house, but saw Washu and Ryo-oki standing in the
doorway waiting for him. They ran after him when he tturned towards the
shrine. Tenchi's heart was pounding in his chest. Seeing the shrine up ahead
Tenchi ran for it as fast as he could. The large gate that had once blocked 
his
way into the cave was still open from when he had released Ryoko. Where
she was he didn't have time to guess, because the group had come up behind
him. He heard Kyonei yell at Washu, "Washu when this ray wears off I am
going to dump you into space! There he is." She sprinted ahead just as
Tenchi ran into the shrine and slammed the gate behind him locking it.
  Ayeaka smiled and was about to blast it open when Mihoshi shot at the
lock with her blaster. She missed and nearly hit Tenchi who decided that
the gate wouldn't hold them off. He ran farther into the cave and turned the
corner. "Dead end." Tenchi held out the master key and looked at it. Now
how had he opened the wall the last time?
  From down at the other end of the cave he heard the chain drop and
Ayeaka say, "That's it. Let's go." Panicked Tenchi tripped over a rock. It
had a dry vine wrapped around it. "That's it!" Tenchi quickly unwrapped the
vine and the wall opened. He quickly dived through the crack, carrying the
rock behind him, and slid down the wet hallway.
"I think he went down here." Was the last thing he heard befor he closed the
rock together and sealed the wall. As it shut he heard Washu curse. He has
the sword. We can't get through here now unless he let's us. We'll have to
wait him out..."
  Tenchi sighed and leaned back against the wall. "Hello Tenchi..." He heard
a seductive voice behind him and saw Ryoko sit up in the pool in the middle
of the room. Tenchi sighed dejectedly and leaned back again. "Ryoko, I
don't suppose asking you to stop would do a whole lot of good?" Ryoko
smiled and nodded, "Actually it would do alot of good. Washu's ray didn't
effect me. That's why I was hiding in here. I would never realy force you to
do anything like that." Tenchi smiled gratefully and said, "Thank you Ryoko. 
I
appreciate that. I don't know why Washu did this to me."
  Ryoko closed her eyes and sat next to him. "She did it because of me
Tenchi. We share a mind link and the pain I go through was starting to eat
away at her too." Tenchi looked at her. "What pain?" Ryoko smiled and
kept staring straight ahead. "Tenchi... what do you remember about this 
cave.
I mean from your childhood." Tenchi smiled and thought for a minute. "I used
to play here all the time. I had an imaginary friend. We used to play this 
cool
game called..." Ryoko smiled, "Save the princess from the castle?" Tenchi
looked at her startled. "How did you know that?" Ryoko turned and looked
into his eyes. "Because I was that friend Tenchi." Tenchi's jaw dropped.
  Ryoko closed her eyes again and tears fell from her eyes. "Do you
remember how that game would end Tenchi?" Tenchi bit his lip and nodded.
"The brave prince defeated the dragon, fought through the thorns, then 
kissed
the princess awake." He smiled and looked nostalgic. "You never would let
me get out of that part. Even when I was in my 'girls are yucky' stage." She
smiled and looked at him again. "I fell in love with you even then Tenchi.
After your mother died you couldn't see me anymore. And when you did
come to rescue me..." Ryoko held up the mask she had worn hen he first
saw her. There was a huge crack in it from the sword.
  Tenchi looked at the mask and frowned. "I'm sorry about that Ryoko. I was
scared and didn't even know what was going on." Ryoko smiled and set the
mask down. Placing her hand on his she looked up at him. "I know Tenchi.
And I'm sorry for what I did at your school." Tenchi smiled remembering.
"Were you realy going to kill me?" She shook her head. "No... I was going
to back you into a corner and kiss you. Then you said 'What's that at the
window?' and..." Tenchi grinned. "I'm sorry Ryoko. But after you got blown
up I was prayign for you I said I thought you were cute." Ryoko's eyes lit
up. "Realy Tenchi?" Tenchi nodded sheepishly and blushed. "Yes. I'm sorry I
didn't say anythign befor. It's just you kept scaring me and..." Ryoko put a
finger on his lips. "I know Tenchi. I'm sorry. Truce?" Tenchi smiled and
nodded. "Truce."
  Several hours later the effects of Washu's ray wore off. They could tell
because Kyonei screamed and could be heard choking Washu. Tenchi
smiled and looked at Ryoko. "You know Kyonei and Mihoshi are dating
eachother." Ryoko nodded. "I know." From the cave wall they heard
Ayeaka yell, "Tenchi the ray wore off. You can come out now." Ryoko
looked at him. "If I were you I'd stay here a while longer, just incase."
  Ayeaka yelled through the door, "Ryoko, what are you doing in there... Oh
no." They heard her cry and run away. Tenchi almost got up but Ryoko held
him in place. "Tenchi, I need to ask you. Do you think you could love me?"
Tenchi bit his lip and looked at her. Here was someone he'd known his
whole life who had loved him for most of that time. He had been so scared of
her before that it had never occured to him that this could be true.
  Finaly he sat down. "I think so Ryoko... but I don't want to hurt anyone."
Ryoko shook her head and looked at the wall. "I know Tenchi, but any way
you do this someone will get hurt. Right now Ayeaka is hurt because she
thinks we already did it. The others probably will accept it." Tenchi
understood what she was saying. If he went up there and told them that it
was all a missunderstanding, then when he did choose Ryoko it would
happen again. He began banging his head against the wall.
  Ryoko smiled and looked at him. "Tenchi..." He stopped and looked into
her smiling eyes. She had put the mask on again and was reaching for him
like she did when he had first seen her in the cave. Hey eyes glowed yellow
and her fangs gleamed in the light. This time though she wasn't a dehydrated
mummy. She was a beutiful, kind person who he would give the world just
to see her smile. Closing his eyes he leaned forward and kissed her.
  Ryoko closed her eyes lightly. She had dreamed of this moment since she
had first played with Tenchi as a child. When the kiss ended she felt a pain
in her heart. Opening her eyes she looked at him and said, "I love you
Tenchi." Tenchi smiled and said, "I love you to Ryoko." Tears fell from 
their
cheeks and hit the floor. Tenchi stepped forward and dropped the sword
onto the rock, which split again. The wall opened. Only Washu lay there
unconsious. Tenchi picked up the sword and with Ryoko at his side climbed
out of the cave. "Ryoko, you know I have to talk to Ayeaka, don't you?"
She nodded and kissed him. "I know Tenchi. Don't worry. I know you love
me. The fight is over."
  When they arrived at the house Ayeaka sat on the dock looking over the
water. Leaving Ryoko at the door he walked over to her and sat down.
"Ayeak." She looked at him, tears still falling down her face. "Ayeaka she
didn't get that sample Washu wanted. She was there when I got there. But..."
Ayeaka's face turned calm. "But you love her don't you Tenchi?" With all his
heart he wished he didn't have to say this. "Yes, I do." Ayeaka nodded. "I
thought so. You know Tenchi, I denied it for a long time, but I think I 
always
knew you and she would end up together."
  He smiled at her and she smiled back. "I hope you wont leave Ayeaka."
She shook her head. "No, I'll stay Tenchi. One day i may find a love of my
own, but for now I think I want to be with my family." They both stood up
and walked to the house. Ryoko was there waiting for them. Ayeaka
stepped forward and hugged her.

  A week later Washu came out of her lab. Tenchi had forgiven her for what
she had done, but the others didn't until yesterday, when Mihoshi and Kyonei
had admited to being a couple. Sasami had been suprised by their telling her
what Washu had done and had refused to cook for the scientist who had to
survive on hotdogs and romin noodles all week. When Mihoshi and Kyonei
had come forward she had been curious and afterwards was looking over
Ryo-oki who was still in her adult form. The others greeted her and said
that they forgave her, since everything turned out well. For once she didn't
take credit for that.

The end

Author's note.
Well it wasn't a lemon, though it could have been. Feel free to do whatever
you want with it if you feel the story is incomplete. If not email me and 
tell me
what you think.
clayton_n@hotmail.com
