FALLEN STAR- PART THREE

Washu had been watching all day, and had found nothing unusual about
Sharock. She was starting to accept the fact that she may have been a little
bit over protective and she was just too worried. She left the lab and set
the camera screen onto record so she could watch it later. When she came out
of the lab she found Tenchi pulling a coat over his shoulders and helping
Sharock with her shoes.

“I’m taking her out to get her some clothes, it’ll be winter soon and she’ll
need a coat.” Tenchi said,
“Sasami, Miss Ayeka, are you coming> Ryoko, are you ready yet?”
Each one answered back positively.

“You can come too, Miss Washu.” Tenchi looked around at the girls. “Where’s
Mihoshi? I thought she was coming-”
Mihoshi fell down the stairs whilst trying to pull the piece of toilet roll
from her back.

“Ouch.” She moaned. “I’m ready, I just had to use the bath room.”

“Are you coming, Little Washu?” Tenchi asked.

“Hmmmmmmmm. Alright, and I have the perfect way of getting us where we’re
going.” Washu led them all outside and snapped her fingers and from pseodo
space a half space ship, half car vehicle dropped down.

“Where are we going?” Washu asked.

“Tokyo, I guess.” Tenchi replied.

“Right, all get in the car while I type in our destination, and it’ll take
us there. It has sensors so it can take us there and avoid other things and
register signs of when to stop, it indicates automatically and it even makes
drinks and has computer access on the Internet and TV access. It also has
digital video resources, search for a title of a film and it’ll let you
watch it, it’ll find it and let you watch it instantly.” Washu said, jumping
into the spacious back, which she had attached Pseodo space into, and it
looked more like a huge lounge, with huge sofa’s dotted across the room with
a console.

“It’s so simple even Mihoshi could work it.” Washu added.

“Tokyo here we come!” Ryoko yelled, and she flew over to a sofa and sat
down, working with the machines and starting to play video games.

“Little Washu, you’ve really outdone yourself this time.” Tenchi said.

“We’re going to be stuck in traffic, why not get stuck in style, this car
also has shaded wind screens, so nobody will be able to tell its being
driven by nobody. I am the number one scientific genius in the whole
universe, it was a snap, now sit down Tenchi, get comfy, cause the car is
going to start moving.

The car drove off and it was a smooth journey. They weren’t bored and it
took them more than five or six hours to get to Tokyo and even longer to
find a parking space, so Washu just got the car to pull up and then she
stored it back in Pseodo space.  Then they hit the town. First was the
clothes shop, the got a very pretty kimono to replace Sharock’s battered
clothes. Then they bought her new shoes, stopped at a café for lunch, and
then bought her some other essentials like under wear, socks, brushes and
hair ties. Then they looked around a huge department store and looked for
some toys since she loved to play so much. When they’d bought her some,
Washu put them into pseodo space so they didn’t have to carry them. Then, to
see if they’d missed anything, they went into the mall. As they passed the
music store, Sharock slowed pace, and then a song played on the piano made
her flinch and hide behind Ryoko. Her eyes were wide and looked as if they
would begin to cry.

“It’s okay, what is it that’s gotten you so worked up?” Tenchi soothed.
Sharock heard the next bit of the song, closed her eyes and then ran away.

“Wait! Sharock! Wait, don’t run off you’ll get lost.” Ayeka cried, and they
all ran after her, Washu frowned thoughtfully and typed on her computer to
find the girl. The man playing the piano looked up and smiled, moving out of
the shop and passed Washu, who didn’t notice.

Sharock ran top floor of the five-story mall, and hid in the corner, tears
streaming from her eyes. She looked nervously around her at all the people
calmly walking by, talking on their mobiles or eating food in their hands,
chatting with each other, laughing and joking….
…..one figure from the crowd suddenly stood out, he was looking right at her
and he nodded. She back up against the wall, and then she ran to the nearest
escape route. As she ran further he moved in front of her, she bumped into
him and was forced to the floor. He smiled down at her; on his forehead were
the symbols that they’d found at the meteor crash site. As he went to grab
her, Ryoko materialised in front of him.

“What do you think you’re doing with her?” She asked.

“I’m taking her with me.” He said, and then found Ryoko realised the symbols
on his head matched those at the meteor site.

“Like hell you are. She doesn’t belong to you, she’s scared of you, so
you’re not taking her with you.” Ryoko replied. “Sharock, go and run to the
others, I’ll take care of him.”
Sharock nodded and ran over, just out of the line of sight of the man and
Ryoko were the others. She jumped into Mihoshi’s arms.

“Ryoko tells me that there is a man trying to take Sharock away, she say he
has the symbols we saw at the crash site on him too.” Washu said. “Which may
mean he is the assassin I thought Sharock was. She may be his accomplice,
she may have nothing more to do with him than being a witness to warn
people.”

“We need to help Ryoko stop this man. We need to arrest him.” Mihoshi said.
The group ran over to watch Ryoko leap high into the air to avoid a light
sabre swing past her from the man. It looked like Tenchi’s sword,
Tenchi-Ken, only it was a deep blood red. Washu recognised the energy and
the symbols on his head.

-Ryoko don’t fight him in here. There are innocent people that could be
killed, lure him outside for the fight.- Washu’s mind link told Ryoko.

Ryoko flew up into the air and the man followed her, Sword drawn. The two
burst through the roof of the mall. Washu formed a bubble around them and
they floated out to watch. The sword barely missed Ryoko, cutting as tiny
piece of her hair. Ryoko blasted him back and drew her own sword. The fight
continued and finally Ryoko lost out and was knocked with thunderous force
to the floor and made a crater. Sharock materialised away from the group
just like Ryoko did and landed in front to stop the man from giving a final
punch, she pulled Ryoko away. Ryoko looked up at her weakly.

“Sharock…” She said.

The man landed on the floor and walked slowly over to her. He raised his
sword calmly and as he slammed it down it fell on a shield, but the shield
had not come from Sharock. As he had swung his sword down, a marble ball the
size of a tennis ball had landed and glowed, changing into a creature, it
was an elegant nosed blue creature, very short fur over its body, all of it
blue, pink beady eyes and small triangular ears (I’ll give you the URL to
look at the creature.) It’s tail was in the shape of a foxes. It’s hair
raised on the back of its neck as it hissed at the man.

“What…what is it?” Ryoko asked.

“The man is Samurin.” Sharock said, her voice trembling with fear. “That is
Miyoki.”
Miyoki let the shielding drop as Samurin dropped his attack, and Washu was
scanning the energy.

“That creature down there, as far as Ryoko explained, is called Miyoki. I
think it’s like a ship, like Ryo-ohki.” Washu said. “Only this is naturally
born, not scientifically made.”

“A ship?” Tenchi repeated.

“Why is that man after Sharock and why does she have a ship, is she his
accomplice?” Ayeka asked.

“I don’t know, maybe she can answer all this later. I’m certain that that
man, Samurin, is the assassin that came with that meteor.” Washu said.

Miyoki fired a beam to defend Sharock from its mouth. Then, with it’s eyes
glowing white, it used psychic powers to throw Samurin away and chucked him
into a portal to another dimension. Miyoki then nuzzled Sharock to make sure
she was okay. Miyoki was about the size of a fox. The others rushed over to
her.

“Ryoko, I’m sorry you got hurt.” Sharock cried. “I will heal you.”
Sharock placed a hand on Ryoko and in an instant all her wounds were gone
and her full energy returned. Ryoko sat up and looked around her.

“Sharock…” Tenchi said. “What happened and what did he want?”

“I’m sorry, I’m very sorry all of you, I put you all in danger. If we go
back home I’ll tell you everything. Everything you ask that I can explain
I’ll tell you.” Sharock replied, a tear slipping down her cheek.

TO BE CONTINUED……………. (I’m so cruel aren’t I?)

SO NOW WE KNOW WHAT CAME IN THE METEOR BUT WHY IS HE AFTER SHAROCK AND WHAT
AND WHO IS SHAROCK, WHAT EXACTLY IS MIYOKI, IS IT REALLY A SPACE SHIP LIKE
RYO-OHKI?