Chapter One: The Fallen Star

Tenchi looked up at the night sky from his window. Then, a single pin prick
of light caught his eye. He watched it to be a star, but instead it got
bigger. It became larger and larger…it was  meteor! It was falling to Earth.
Tenchi watched as it crashed down, somewhere in the forest, exploding with a
great rainbow fireworks display of light. Tenchi rushed outside, and the
others were following, also seeing the blast. They all rushed into the
forest to find the site of the crash. On the floor was a great big crater.
Washu got out her computer and typed away trying to find it’s properties.
Ryoko flew down into it, and found a weird symbol on the floor. It looked
like the symbol for fire, water and air.

“Hey, Washu! Do you know what these things mean?” Ryoko called.

Washu slowly floated down to inspect them. The meteor wasn’t in the crater,
it had been taken away before they got there, or it had moved away by
itself…

“I don’t know yet, I’ll just analyse them.” Washu began to type on her
computer. Various details flashed up on the screen. One made her hands stop
immediately and her eyes widened. By this time the others had made their way
down.

“What have you found?” Sasami asked.

“I’m not too sure yet. I want you to all go in the house. It’s cold and I
could be here a while.” Washu told them.

“Ah, come on Washu!” Ryoko protested, grabbing Tenchi. “We can share body
heat, can’t we, Tenchi?”

“Ryoko!” Tenchi cried, trying to pull away. “Let me go, will ya?”

“Ryoko! Take your hands off him!” Ayeka demanded.
A full-scale argument went on, and Ryoko and Ayeka began pulling Tenchi
around. Washu turned and then just before she was about to say something,
something caught her attention. As she turned the other way, she couldn’t
see it, and she turned the other way.

“Will you both stop it? Go inside all of you, now, before I use one of my
inventions to make you go there!” Washu yelled, and they all stopped, and
went inside. Washu looked down at the marks, briefly running a finger over
them, feeling the energy stored in them. She looked up at the night sky, her
face half fearful, half angry.

“Lets hope you haven’t sent one down.” She whispered.

Ryoko had stayed awake all night, excited about the meteor. Washu hadn’t
returned yet. With the mind link, Ryoko could tell Washu was a little
worried, but maybe because it was because she still didn’t know what had
happened and where the meteor went. There were also the strange marks to
decipher….Ryoko heard Washu come in, it was early in the morning, and the
sun was just beginning to come up.

“Hey! Found anything yet?” Ryoko asked.

“No. I’ve got all the details and samples; I’m going to investigate more in
my lab.” And Washu walked through the door. Ryoko yawned and hovered up to a
beam, where she had a quick sleep. However Ryoko was rudely awoken by
Mihoshi falling noisily down the stairs.

“Mihoshi, you klutz!” Ryoko. “I was in the middle of a perfect dream!”

“Oh, sorry Ryoko. I tripped over one of the stairs I guess.” Mihoshi
apologized.

“Hey, what was all that noise?” Sasami asked, walking down the stairs and
kneading the sleep from her eyes with the back of her hand.

“It’s just clumsy Mihoshi.” Ryoko said, obviously still annoyed at being
woken up.

“Mihoshi just woke up the whole house.” Ayeka said.

“I’m going to make breakfast, okay?” Sasami said, walking down into the
kitchen. “I think I’ll do pancakes!”

“Where’s Tenchi?” Ryoko asked.

“He went out early this morning to work on the fields.” Mihoshi explained.

“I never got to say good morning to Tenchi!” Ryoko wailed.

“No, but I did!” Ayeka laughed slyly.

“What! And he didn’t even think to say goodbye to me! I know you’re lying
Ayeka! You’re lying!”

The argument went on between them until the two took the fight outside.
Sasami came into the kitchen with the food.

“Hey, guys, I made breakfast!” Sasami called, and Ayeka and Ryoko stopped
immediately. Then everyone sat down to breakfast. Washu didn’t even come in
for breakfast so Sasami took Washu her share into the lab to eat since she
was very busy working out the meteor.

“Sasami, where is Tenchi?” Washu asked when her screen flashed red.

“Out in the field.”

“Get Ryoko and the others.” Washu demanded.

“Why is something wrong? What is it? Is it about the meteor?”

“We may not have the time to explain right now. Get them all gathered. We
have something very serious on our hands.”

Sasami rushed outside.

“I had hoped it wasn’t them. The question is who are they after?” Washu
whispered to herself.

Sasami saw everyone was at the table still.

“Quick everybody! Washu needs to see us, she say’s it’s very serious.”
Sasami announced, and they all walked into the lab.

“Ryoko, Ayeka, I suggest you get kitted up, this is an emergency. We’re
going out to find something.” Washu said.

“But what will we be looking for, Miss Washu?” Ayeka asked.

“There’s not time, I’ll tell you on the way.” Washu replied, and they were
gone outside.

  Tenchi was just on the edge of the field when he heard a noise; it was
coming from the woods. He dropped his tools and walked in the woods to find
out what it was.  He walked into the woods and tried to find exactly where
it was coming from. When he got closer he found it sounded like crying. When
he came to the lake he saw a figure curled up at the lake edge. He walked
closer and it seemed to be a little girl of no more than seven or eight. She
must have been lost or something.

“What’s wrong?” Tenchi asked, and the little girl looked up in shock. Her
hair was a red colour and her eyes were dark forest green. Her eyes were
suddenly filled with fear and she backed away to a huge stone.

“It’s okay, I won’t hurt you, I’m only going to help you.” He said in a
soothing voice.

The girl studied him, and Tenchi could see she had five tiger like stripes
reaching out to the side of her nose from the edge of her face, each one
light blue. Tenchi took a step closer and she tried to push back further
into the stone, even though she couldn’t.

“You must be really scared, huh? Are you lost? Hurt? Where are your
parents?” Tenchi asked, trying to comfort the child, who didn’t reply.
Tenchi stayed where he was so he didn’t frighten her.

“I’m not going to hurt you, I promise. Here…” Tenchi held out his hand to
help her up. Her wide eyes looked from Tenchi’s warm reassuring smile to his
hand. For a while she just looked at him and then she went to reach out to
take his hand. As she touched his hand, Washu and the others appeared on the
scene.

“Tenchi, don’t’ touch her, get away!” Washu called, and the girl’s hand
shrank away.

“Why? I think she’s lost Washu. The little girl needs help.” Tenchi said.

“She knows exactly where and why she is here. Don’t let her innocent look
fool you. She’s highly dangerous.” Washu said in a firm voice.

“That’s ridiculous Washu! I think you’ve gotten a bit mixed up.” Tenchi
laughed, but Washu looked deadly serious. “Come on Washu, how can she be
dangerous?”

“You sent us out here and got us all worried over that pathetic little
child?” Ryoko asked.

“That pathetic little child is an assassin.” Washu said sternly, and Ryoko
burst into fits of laughter.

“Now, Washu, I know you’re worked up about the meteor but I really don’t
think you should be making accusations like this.” Tenchi said, and he took
the little girls hand and helped her up.

“Very well. Why don’t we prove it then? Keep her for a while in the house
and see what happens, but If she proves me right then it isn’t my fault you
wouldn’t believe me.” Washu said.

“What if she’s lost?” Tenchi asked. “What about her parents?”

“They’ll report her disappearance to the police and we’ll see the report on
the TV. It’s no big deal, or her parents will come around all the houses and
check. Either way we’re sure to hear about it, and we’ll hand her back to
her parents.” Washu replied, walking over to scan the little girl. She
scanned the girl who looked in amazement at the holocomputer. She didn’t
find what she was looking for.

“My scanners didn’t find anything, that’s one point to the girl. If she is
what I suspect she is, she’ll let us know in the best was.” Washu said,
walking away.

“Are you alright, do you have a name?” Tenchi asked in a soft voice.

The little girl looked as though couldn’t understand him, then she replied:

“Sharock.” She said.

“My name is Tenchi.” He said, and then he pointed to the others. “That’s
Ayeka, Ryoko, Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, Mihoshi and the other person with pink hair
was Washu.”

Sharock smiled and waved to them all, and they couldn’t help but smile. Then
they all walked home.