Sorry I took ages getting the next part done, I’ve had tests and I’ve been
preoccupied with a deadline with my drawings and my other REAL novel, I’m
planning a re write now I’ve done a whole story which so far is the first
draft. I’ve also mainly been working on my other fan fiction.
Plus, If you really want to know I’ve been doing some fieldwork for
inspiration over in Scotland, just past Inverness. For the record I stayed
at a hotel in Pitlochry (But most won’t know where that is)

Okay people, this one is a bit short, and there won’t be too many chapters,
if you want with plenty of suspense, try my other ‘the first female super
saiyan, over on the X-overs. Next episode I’ll be getting really to the
point.

FALLEN STAR- CHAPTER TWO

Washu didn’t bother following them back in the house, she went back an hour
later. When she came in Sasami was talking to Sharock. Washu was about to go
over to Sasami and warn her to stay away but Tenchi walked through the door
and gave her a look. Washu walked straight into her lab and started setting
up various camera’s to keep watch.

“Washu, I’d just like to tell you dinner’s ready.” Sasami said through the
door, and she walked in. “I really don’t think she’s a problem, but, I can
understand that you’re worried.”

“But you still don’t think Sharock is dangerous?”

“She’s just a little girl, even if she was an assassin how could she be any
trouble, especially if we have Ryoko and all the others around to stop her.
I don’t think she’s too much a problem.” Sasami.

“Do I look as old as I am, Sasami? I’m 20,000 years old and I look between
fourteen and sixteen, What’s to say she isn’t faking her age? The point is
that I’m only trying to protect everyone, if she is what I think she is,
then we’re in trouble and vulnerable because we don’t know who she was sent
after. It could be anybody, even Tenchi, if somebody found his power they’d
want to shut him down, or she could’ve been sent down here to take over the
planet until her superiors took it over from there.” Washu sighed. “But like
we’ve all said, that’s only if she is.”

“Okay, Washu. Are you coming down to dinner? I made your favourite stir
fry.”
Washu brightened. “Of course! I’ll be out in a second. If I’m not there in
two minutes I’ll kick myself for missing all the good stuff, okay?”

“Sure, okay.
Washu finished her work rapidly, leaving it hidden away and her hands left
the keypad of her holocomputer and it materialised away. Washu went straight
into the dinning room and sat down, trying her best to ignore Sharock, who
sat by Ayeka, who thought she looked adorable, everyone in the Masaki house
was getting along with her.

“Since Sharock came here I haven’t seen Ryoko and my sister argue yet.”
Sasami muttered to Washu.

“Not even a single spark between them?”

“No, not even one.” Mihoshi said, cutting into the conversation. “She seems
to be like a little angel. Although she hasn’t really said a word, she’s
very quiet.”
Everyone dug into the food, and Sharock examined it before eating it, like
she’s never seen any food like it before. Washu tried not to look at
Sharock, and she was successful, if she acted like she’d accepted the child,
so they wouldn’t suspect her keeping watch with cameras. After dinner
Sharock took in her own plate and then went outside with Ryoko.

“What are you looking at?” Ryoko asked Sharock, and she pointed to the moon.

“I could take you up there to have a closer look one day, maybe at the
weekend if you wanted.” Ryoko said, and Sharock nodded and smiled.

“Are you happy here so far?”
Sharock nodded and grinned.

“I can’t believe Miss Washu thought that this child is here to destroy one
of us.” Ayeka said as she came up behind the two.

“Believe me, I’d sense a power if she had one, and if she is…she’s only a
child. We’ve got enough power between us all to stop her, and why would she
want to destroy any of us?” Ryoko said.

“I checked the record to see if she was a space pirate or anything like that
with a criminal record, and Yukinojo found absolutely nothing. Not even a
rumour or unproved data.” Mihoshi said.

“But…it seems a bit of a coincidence that the child came just after the
meteor. I guess Miss Washu had a reason to be worried. We’re all worried if
she is I guess. It would seem the perfect set up, sending an innocent
looking child in.” Ayeka said.

“I think if this child has anything to do with assassination then she’s the
accomplice, and she’s going to try and get one of us alone….that is if she
was anything to do with assassinations. Even if she is, I’ll be happy to
take on anybody who comes for us.”

“Who do you think she came for if she is?” Mihoshi asked.

“We don’t know do we? For all we know it could be you.”

Mihoshi turned a little pale, and covered it up by smiling and waving her
hand absently. “She could, that is if she was…I mean she isn’t…and anyway if
she was, which she isn’t, why would she want me?”
Sharock was oblivious to the conversation. She was staring up at the moon.
When it was time for her to go to sleep she started to fall asleep but then
she sat up, her eyes wide, and looked out of the huge window, then she
stepped outside and carried on gazing at the moon. Tears were streaming down
her face. When they put her to be she had really wanted a candle, so Mihoshi
gave her a night-light, plugged it into the wall and Sharock seemed a little
better. It seemed that Sharock was afraid of the dark. Sharock’s eyes
quickly darted over to a space in the darkness and then she seemed pinned by
fear, she stepped back, forced herself to turn and then she ran back inside
the house and pulled the covers over her head, curling tightly into a ball.
There she cried silently.

THE FOLLOWING MORNING:
Sharock walked into the living room, rubbing the sleep from her eyes. Lazing
on the couch was Ryoko, who patted the space beside her, and Sharock sat
down there.

“Did you have a good sleep last night?” Ryoko asked.
Sharock nodded slowly.

“Breakfast is ready!” Sasami called.

In an instant everyone burst into the dining room and sat down to eat.
Sharock sat down and ate her breakfast and then she rushed outside to play.
Sasami joined her. Washu sent out her mini cameras to spy on what Sharock
did, sat down and watched.

TO BE CONTINUED………..
SO WHAT IS IT SHAROCK IS SO AFRAID OF AND IS SHE REALLY THERE AS AN
ASSASSIN? FIND OUT IN THE NEXT CHAPTER. (WHICH WILL BE MUCH MORE ACTION
PACKED AND EXCITING THAN THIS ONE, I CAN ASSURE YOU).