Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns everything in this story.  I own no part of
it, save the story idea itself.

Author's Notes:  This is in the OVA for a reason.  You'll see why
later.  Also, I'm doing this to take a break from "Misa."  <I can see
you're so upset!>  

=-=-=-=-=
Tenchi Muyo!:  False Memories

Prolog

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
=-=-=-=-=

	While doing repairs on the house, Tenchi considers carpentry as a
future profession.  After all, Ayeka and Ryoko have given him plenty of
experiece in the matter.  

	"Miss Ryoko!"  Ayeka shouts from below the considerable hole in the
roof.  "Leave Lord Tenchi be!  He has work to do because of you!"

	"Shove it, Ayeka.  I'm going to help him."

	Summoning her logs, "no, you won't."

	"Oh, is that how it's going to be?"  Putting her open palms about three
inches apart, she creates a small orb of energy.  "Bring it on!"

	Tenchi, above, pulls out a hardhat and puts it on his head.  "Help!" 
He then feels a familiar energy ignite the air around him as Ryoko
discharges into Ayeka's shield.  "Someone...help!"  Suddenly, he feels
the roof give way as he drops through.  Fortunately, he landed on the
couch.

	"Tenchi?" Ryoko wonders.  Looking up, "oops."

	Running to him, "Lord Tenchi, are you hurt?"

	Walking in from outside, Sasami sees the situation.  "Tenchi!  Are you
alright?"

	Coming to, "why me?" he groans.  <I gotta stop this.>

=-=-=-=-=
	After the dust settles, Tenchi is considering the problem in his room. 
Sitting at his desk, <Ayeka and Ryoko will be the end of me if I don't
do something.  They both claim to care about me, but after this...>  

	Walking over to his dresser, he examines the various momentos he's
gotten over the years.  Photos.  Meaningful gifts.  Sword Tenchi.  <What
can I do?>  

	Picking up the sword, he considers giving the remaining two gems to
Ryoko.  <They are hers.  But, Ayeka would be furious.>  Thinking back,
<this sword was the cause of all my problems.  Not even Washu can fix
it.>  

	<Maybe I should just marry Washu to get both of them out of my mind. 
What am I thinking?  I'd be a life-long lab rat.>

	<There's Sasami, but she's too young.  Maybe when she's older...  Of
course, then she'd be Tsunami.  I can't even begin to think about how my
life would be then.>  Smiling, <actually, it's kind of funny to have an
eight-year old aunt!>

	He walks out of his room and towards the door.  <Problems seem to
always be solved outside.>  However, as he steps out, Washu is standing
there, waiting.  

	"Where are you going, Tenchi?" she asks innocently.  

	"I just need to get outside, Little Washu."

	"With your sword?"

	Looking down, he sees he still has Sword Tenchi in his hand.  "I guess
so.  My mind's so busy, I guess I forgot to put it down."

	"Well, I can distract you from your problems.  I still need something
from you, Tenchi."

	"Uh, Little Washu?"  A large metal ball with several ports drops behind
him.  Backing into it, "now's not a good time."  On contact, an arm from
each port wrap around him.

	"I won't bite.  Unless you ask."  

=-=-=-=-=
	Not much later, Tenchi and Washu play out an all too familiar
scenario.  "Still no luck?"  Washu asks.

	"No.  Still no luck."

	"But, you have been trying?"

	"Just to keep out of here!"

	Looking at him pleadingly, "you don't like me?"

	"No!  I mean yes!  I mean-"  Sighing, "I don't know what I mean."

	"Something's bothering you."

	"I'm just getting tired of Ayeka and Ryoko fighting so much."

	"Aren't we all?  Of course, if the fight comes in here, there won't be
anything left of either of them."  Smiling almost evilly, "I have an
idea..."

	Eyes wide, Tenchi doesn't like that look of hers.  "Now, don't look at
me that way."

	Touching a button on her laptop, Washu frees her guinea pig.  "Don't
worry.  I'm not going to hurt you.  You're free to go."

	Cautiously, Tenchi dresses and sidesteps her towards the door.  Opening
the door, he finds it shuts on its own behind him.  A sign appears
shortly afterward:  "BUSY!  DO NOT DISTURB UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE!  THIS
MEANS YOU, MIHOSHI!"

=-=-=-=-=
	The next day, Washu calls Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko to her lab.  Looking
at the pair of girls, "alright you two.  We're going to have a little
fun."

	Ayeka and Ryoko look at her confusingly.  "What do you mean, Little
Washu?"  Ayeka asks.  

	"Yeah, what kind of insane game are you talking about?"

	Washu steps aside to reveal a pair of examining tables with elaborate
headpieces.  There's also a control console between them.  "Ayeka on the
left, Ryoko on the right."

	The pair just stand there, confused.

	"Move!" she shouts.

	The pair quickly comply, hopping on the respective tables.  "What are
these things?" Ryoko shouts.

	"You'll find out.  You see, Tenchi has been having problems dealing
with you two.  So, he asked for my help."

	Playing along, Tenchi simply nods.  <I didn't really ask, but let's see
what happens.>

	"Well, if it pleases Lord Tenchi, than I shall do as you ask, Little
Washu."

	"Same here," Ryoko adds.

	<Suckers.>  Washu attaches the various wires from the headpiece to
Ryoko's head.  She then repeats the process for Ayeka.  "Have fun!" she
says, pressing a button on her control panel.

	"Fun?" Ryoko shouts, "what are you talking about..."  Her sentance ends
as she falls asleep unexpectedly.  

	Ayeka falls asleep as well.

	"Little Washu?"  Tenchi asks, "what did you do?"

	"Don't worry, Tenchi.  They'll be sleeping for awhile.  What they'll be
experiencing is each other's memories."

	"WHAT?" 

	"Ayeka will be in Ryoko's memories, and vice versa."

	"But, they already know each other.  What good will this do?"

	"Ayeka WILL BE Ryoko, and Ryoko WILL BE Ayeka in these memories."

	"And they'll remember everything when they wake up?"

	"Of course!  Would I go to all this trouble just so they could forget?"

	Sasami walks in.  "It's time for lunch."  Seeing the two asleep, she
backs out, sheepishly.  "Sorry.  I didn't know."

	"It's alright, Sasami," Washu states.  "They won't wake up for
awhile."  Tugging at Tenchi, "come on.  I'm starving!"

	As the three exit the room, Ryoko and Ayeka continue their long
slumber.


-To be Continued in "Ayeka:  False Memories", and "Ryoko:  False
Memories!"-
