Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are copyrights 
and  
trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it, 
so  
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).  
However, this  
story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please don't 
copy it and  
claim it as your own. Thanks to Tex James for Pre reading this Revision! 
Family and Friends! 
(  )= Mental thoughts 
" "= Verbal dialogue 
Chapter #5. A New Family Member 
In the Onsen 
"There has to be a better way to deal with this!"  
Nagi was thinking this as she slowly got to know her New family.  
Nagi was alone , late after one of Sasami's dinners.  
"Boy that was Good Food!" She thought hard to herself of her situation.  
It was considerably difficult to know that my greatest rival turns out 
to be my sister,  
and that my mother that I didn't know I had, was alive had tricked me 
into this situation.  
Of course she didn't know I was her daughter till last week. She threw 
her hands up in frustration. 
Nagi was mad, but she really didn't know who to blame.  
Ryoko was the easy target, but she knew that she wasn't to blame for 
this.  
Washu, was to blame for how she found out, but not who, or why really.  
Mr. Kataro who was the person to blame, was dead, killed in one of 
Ryoko's many raids directed by Kagato.  
She just knew she wasn't ready to face her family. 
But the others she could stand, ... and was beginning to like.  
The one's she was close to were the GP officers, Kiyone and Mihoshi.  
she could talk shop with them and she at least had someone who had an 
idea what her life was like. 
Of the rest, Sasami seem to win a soft spot in the professional bounty 
hunter's heart.  
She was one of the few who could bring out a smile to her face.  
Then there was Ryo-Oki, "who was so happy for me to be here".  
She chuckled to herself only because Ken-oki was here with her,  
spending almost every waking hour following Ryo-Oki around.  
But, she seemed to sense that even she did see the kindness in that 
cabbit's heart.  
Wow, I need some air and clear my head of these ...thoughts!  
So, she finished her bath, got dressed and went for a walk. 
In the Masaki's roof 
 It has been a disappointing 3 weeks since Ryoko tried to talk to Nagi, 
and told her the truth  
about me being her mother. Now I seems that she would be just as 
stubborn as Ryoko  
in that she doesn't believe fully that I am her mother,  
abetted indirectly through Kataro's manipulations.  
But, what I was surprised about , was the fact that instead of leaving,  
getting away from me, and her sister Ryoko, she stayed here!  
This alone gave me hope for a way to connect with her.  
One consolation was that in these 3 weeks she started to  
warm up to most of the household, except for Me, and Ryoko!  
I have to do something to first get her to relate to Ryoko,  
then I can hopefully get her to talk to me!  
Well, no problem is too great or impossible for Washu, The Greatest 
Scientist In the Universe ever! 
A walk in the woods 
As she walked up a winding trail away from the house. the trail 
gradually came to a clearing,  
at the foot of a cave!  
"So this is Ryoko's cave." As she got closer she could see the 
decorations and the rusty gate  
that once held her at the bottom of the cave sister for over 700 years.  
Curious about the cave she phase through the gate and floated herself 
down the secret passage to the base of the cave.  
Now Nagi was not as powerful as Ryoko when Ryoko had her jewels,  
but Nagi had the ability to synthesize energy from the air or space 
around her just like Ryoko. 
But, here in the depths of the cave, she felt cold, since Ryoko was held 
there by the roots of Funaho,  
Yousho's Tree ship, those roots were still there and started to have the 
same effect on Nagi.  
I have to get out of here, she tried to go back up the steeply angled 
passageway .  
But as she climbed, she lost her strength and her balance.  
She slid down to the very spot that Ryoko laid in for so long.  
As she struggled to get up she opened her link with her family and 
telepathically called out for help! 
"Washu, Ryoko, I need you help, please!" Nagi called to them via their 
link. 
"Nagi, where are you dear, please tell me where you are?" asked Washu 
"In the cave where Ryoko was held, Washu I feel weak, I can't........" 
She collapsed in a heap! 
"Oh gods, Ryoko, Ryoko I need you to meet me at the cave, Please Ryoko," 
begged Washu. 
"What do you want Mom, I'm trying to sleep here!" replied a sleepy Ryoko 
"Nagi is in you cave, please she seemed to pass out and I need your help 
to get her out of there!" 
"OK, OK, I'll get Ayeka and Tenchi, we might need their help!" replied a 
now fully awake Ryoko 
"Good idea my Little Ryoko, I'll meet you there." Washu answered as she 
opened a portal in front of the cave.  
  
As Washu was making her way to the cave, she saw Tenchi, and Ayeka, 
carried by Ryoko land in front of the cave.  
"Mom, I think that Ayeka and Tenchi should go down there." 
"Why, I am her mother & I am too worried about her!" snapped Washu 
"But, Mom, I think if they go down and we wait here, we wont be affected 
by Funahos' roots, and  
she will know that the whole Family will care for her. She might be more 
open to talk to us." 
"You know for a pain in the butt daughter, you are getting so grown up 
on me. (with a smile) Your right!" 
Ryoko warily looked at her mother. "Do you really mean that?" (A little 
puzzled) 
Washu went to Ryoko, Put her hand on her cheek, then leaned over and 
gave her a hug!  
This completely floored Ryoko, but a happy smile emerged from the former 
space pirate.  
Observing this, Ayeka and Tenchi smiled, then started down to get Nagi. 
Nagi slowly awoke outside the cave with the first one she saw was her 
mother, Tenchi, and Ayeka.  
Ryoko was behind them about 5 feet for fear that if she saw her, Nagi 
might not be awake enough and  
 might react violently to her. 
"What happened?" asked a weary Nagi. 
"You were affected by the field generated by the Tree ship Funaho that 
kept Ryoko weak at the bottom of the cave!  
Since you have similarly physiology, it had the same effect on you, 
Little Nagi." said Washu. 
"Well that will teach me to try and find out about something about my 
family." (looking annoyed)  
"Thanks anyway." said Nagi 
"Well I'd better get you to my lab, there something there that will not 
allow this to happen again, if you wander into the cave again." replied 
Washu 
"You OK Nagi?" (Ryoko said from behind Ayeka & Tenchi) 
"Yeah, I seem to be a little dizzy though." (Her eyes bleary) 
Ryoko was now sitting next to Nagi. "Do you need any help, I can 
teleport us, so Mom can check you out?" 
Nagi: "OK" Then she said telepathically, ("I can see how you hate this 
cave Ryoko.") 
Ryoko said "I'll get her to the lab Mom, thanks guys." (to Ayeka and 
Tenchi)  
("Do you want to know More Nagi?") 
Nagi replied as they teleport ("Later, just get me to Washu's lab") 
At the Lab; 
"Well, this shot will get you back you energy, but I want to show you 
something that can keep you from having this happen again." (opening up 
a sub-space pocket, Washu produces a small case.) 
Nagi asks; "What's that, Washu?" 
"Just open it!" replied her mother. 
In the case were 3 blue gems. Nagi gasped! 
"Their exactly like the ones Ryoko has, except tuned to your specific 
physiological system. 
Nagi said, with Ryoko next to her "Are those for me?! she held up the 
gems. 
"Why? I haven't done anything to help you since I got here!" 
"Because you my daughter," (Nagi gives a painful look ), "and I don't 
want you to be weakened like that ever again." 
Nagi shook her head as a sign of thanks and asked; "How do I use them?" 
Ryoko answered; "Just wish them to you, they'll come on their own!" 
Nagi did as she was told. She did that and the 3 blue gems floated from 
the case to both of Nagi's wrists,  
and the third to her neck  
As she felt the power fill her she stumbled, but was  caught by Ryoko. 
Ryoko then said, "It will take a few moments but you'll get use to it." 
Nag replied "Wow, what a rush!" (getting that familiar  smirk on her 
face) 
Then she looked at her sister and mother. "How do you know I wont turn 
this new power on you? (Ryoko tensed up) 
Washu then answered. "Because I can sense in you a new awareness of who 
you are!" 
Nagi was confused. "Whatta you mean?" 
Washu then asked;  "Why were you really in that cave, Nagi?" 
Nagi hesitated to reply at first. But then; "Because ..... because I was 
just curious about  
what could have held Ryoko for all those years!" (A little snidely) 
Washu then said telepathically; ("I know you didn't mean that") 
Nagi then sarcastically answered ("Well thanks Mom, I'll use it 
wisely").  
She then Fazed out of the lab. 
Ryoko approached her mom and asked; "Are you sure you did the right 
thing, Mom?" 
Washu replied "Give her some time Ryoko, besides she's more angry at you 
than me." 
Wonder why she's so angry at you for?" said Washu 
Ryoko answered, "Yeah, I'd like to know too. It must have happened the 
first year  
Kagato started using me as his attack dog. 
"Ryoko, I'll research her past and find out just what happened,.  
I'll promise you that I'll get to the bottom of this, because..." 
continued Washu. 
Ryoko: ("Oh here it comes...") she mentally sighed! 
I am Washu, the best scientific genius in the Universe!" 
"Oh Mom!" Ryoko shook her head in defeat. 
Washu's Dilemma 
I had to find out why Nagi still had a hatred towards Ryoko  
All though I had promised one daughter never to put her under duress 
(OAV Ep.#13-b)  
I had to find out why the other hated the first! (The Story of Kain & 
Abel playing in my head) 
I first asked Ryoko to come after breakfast the next day to test her 
abilities,  
so I can compare them to Nagi's new and enhanced abilities now with the 
new blue gems I had given her.  
I then Asked Kiyone, who had previously known Nagi to please come that 
afternoon for the same reason.  
What I didn't tell them was that fact that I was going to force the 
issue.  
I knew I could lose both of them altogether, but I was getting 
desperate. 
First I ran my test on Ryoko, and then as one of my scan actually phased 
in a  
relaxant into her system, she was asleep with in seconds  
(Not without an angry thought by Ryoko of me being blown apart, but I 
knew I had to keep going).  
Then I repeated the same process with Nagi, though I had to give her  
a higher dose, I didn't want her to blow up my lab before my drug took 
affect.  
Then I put them both in my examination tables  
(Yes, I now see how they could have been affected by this, especially 
Ryoko, "forgive me my little one"!)  
When I was ready, I called my holo-pad from sub-space and with a few 
keystrokes,  
I woke both of them up! "I leave it to you to see what happened next!" 
Ryoko suddenly woke up. "Where am I?   What?!? Washu Why am I hanging 
here again?  
So help me I'll tear you limb from Limb!  
Nagi upon hearing her sister's threats wakes up in the same predicament  
"Oh! I am going to kill that red headed dwarf for this!"  
They both then see their mother sitting on a floating cushion waiting 
for them to pay attention. 
Washu finally speaks after both of them had stopped their ranting.  
"Girls, girls, I have to tell you, you should never talk to your mother 
that way!" 
"Why are you putting me through this again, Ryoko's Eyes filled with raw 
anger!  "YOU BROKE YOU PROMISE!"  
Then she said, "You don't know what a real mother is!" (Damn that Zero, 
I'm losing control) 
Nagi then added; "I would have welcomed being an orphan If I'd known you 
were my mother!"  
then she took a breath and then continued; "How can you say your a 
mother!  
Mothers don't leave their children hanging in midair,  experimenting on 
them.  
Listen now you old Hag, if you don't release me now, I will kill you!" 
both girls railed on against Washu while she calmly let their second 
tirade go on.  
She finally spoke after a few minutes:  
"I wanted to sit down and have a real discussion with the both of you  
individually,  or together, and what have you done since you came here 
Nagi, ... Nothing.  
Ignoring each other and me.  
well I have had it with the two of you. Ryoko, Do you think Tenchi and 
Ayeka have not been hurt  
with the treatment you given to Nagi, these last 3 weeks?  
They care about you and all 3 of us. They want us all to get along, but 
your not trying hard enough."  
Ryoko looks down to avoid Washu' gaze. Nagi laughs. "And you Nagi, I 
don't understand  
with all the caring people here you can be so mean and heartless.  
well you two can hang there until you both stop being soo bull-headed!"  
With that I turned and walked away, as shouts of obscene words came from 
both of them,  
crying as I left! (God, that hurt Soo much!) 
After about 10 minutes of silence and angry glares at each other, both 
girls  
started to try to get out of their bindings unsuccessfully. 
Ryoko then said. "Well, I guess we wait for her to return. 
"And, when is that going to be? asked Nagi sarcastically.  
"I hope soon. was Ryoko's reply. But, she was worried  
("I am going to lose control in front of Nagi? No I can't.  Damn that 
Washu!") 
30 minutes later; 
Both girls still hung on the bindings that Washu had left them in. 
A Quiet whimpering started to come from Ryoko. 
Nagi heard this and said: "What's wrong, I thought a Fearless Space 
Pirate like you would not be  
affected by this sort of trial." 
Ryoko quietly replied. "Nagi, I have changed since you last chased me 
around the  
Universe" (tears slowly forming in her eyes). "Damn that Zero, I can't 
seem to  
Control my emotions anymore, and at that she started crying! 
Nagi Couldn't believe her eyes, her worse arch rival known for her 
fearlessness and gaul, whimpering!  
She had never imagined Ryoko being as human as the victims she had 
killed. 
Through the tears, Ryoko asked Nagi, "Why did you want me dead?" 
Nagi tensed up. "I lost the love of my life, Hiro Watanabe when you 
attacked SpralexVI.  
He and I were partners in the Galaxy police. We were going to be 
married!! 
Ryoko, through tearstained eyes said:  
"That was one of the first Worlds Kagato made me attack.  
I'm so sorry, I didn't know you were there, or that you were with the 
Galaxy police?  
She continued crying, which slowly was getting to Nagi. 
Nagi yelled at her! "I was until you killed Hiro!" (she took a heavy 
breath and continued.) "That's why I became a bounty hunter, so I could 
skirt the law that could have protected you and gave me my chance to 
kill you!" 
Ryoko then said; "Oh God I now remember, Spralex VI was Kagato's home 
planet. He wanted it destroyed  
because he didn't want anyone from his lineage to challenge him when he 
took over the Universe!  
At least that's what he told me in my mindless state!" 
Nagi was ... confused? "What mindless state??" 
Ryoko cleared her throat an d continued,  
"You can confirm this with the others. I had no control over what I 
did."  
She sniffed, then said:  
"Kagato had this mind control device in me. (Sniff) And the worse thing 
was I had  
a ring side seat to the destruction, and murder that I was forced to do, 
and I  
couldn't do a thing!"  
She then started really crying, getting worse & worse each minute! 
Nagi turned to Ryoko: "You mean that you had no control over your 
actions at SpralexVI,  
none at All?" questioned Nagi. 
Ryoko: (sobbing) "None, None at all, all those planets, all those 
people,  
even children, I  keep seeing their terrified faces in my mind I just 
can't,  
AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!" 
Nagi started to see some images in her mind, realizing there from 
Ryoko's  
memory. Washu is also seeing those images, the same one's she has seen 
for the 5000 years  
she was trapped on Kagato's Ship. 
Nagi yelled; "Snap out of it Ryoko! Ryoko, RYOKO!!" 
Now Ryoko started having convulsions, and Nagi opened her mind link to 
her  
distraught sister to help stop this attack and reassure her!  
("listen to me Ryoko, I can understand now what you must feel about 
this,  
and I now see I was wrong, as wrong as our mother for hanging us here to 
get us to  
talk!") (Washu was crying in the next room, hearing all that was going 
on in her mind too.)  
"Nagi I need you to see what I see, I need you to forgive me I need you 
to forgive me, PLEASE!!" 
At that Nagi saw more of what Ryoko was seeing, all those horrible and 
deadly images her sister was reliving.  
This was making Nagi more and more angry, but not at Ryoko, no not even 
at her mother Washu,  
but at Kagato.  
That rat-bastard, and what he put Ryoko through, then she thought what 
she put her  
through!  
Finally she started to feel some guilt in blaming Ryoko!  
Washu Then mentally said: "Don't blame yourself for feeling guilty, you 
are just as much a  
victim of Kagato,  
as those people, as is Ryoko and I are!"  
Nagi then felt her mother Washu in the next room,  
she was also overcome by the images, helpless to release them.  
Nagi then became enraged and started to power up. Eventually she broke 
her bonds,  
she rushed to Ryoko, broke her bonds & with her in her arms, floated 
down to  
the floor cradling her whaling sister trying to calm her down with  
telepathic thoughts, ("I'm here Ryoko, I forgive you I see you had no 
way to stop yourself.")  
Please calm down , please!  
Ryoko then opened her link fully; "Help, Tenchi help me!"  
She repeated this telepathically, as Nagi held her. Tenchi, Ayeka and 
Washu heard her.  
Tenchi and Ayeka who were pre-warned of what Washu was doing ran to 
Washu's  
door and tried to get in without success.  
Washu thought, ("God I know I went too far now, I have to help!")  
She crawled up to Nagi, who put a hand out ready to fire!  
"Listen Nagi I know I blew it here, but I have something that will help 
Ryoko, if you let me help her!"  
Nagi, took a minute to access her mother's intent, she linked with her 
to  
know she was telling the truth, and she was ... too her amazement! 
"I am holding my Former arch rival, now my sister, who does need help.  
But, I also have a mother who is a genius in everything but her own 
family!  
I could blast her to pieces," she thought, "but Ryoko needs help!"  
("OK, but No tricks, I am keeping the link open!")  
"I promise to you and to my little Ryoko that I will never pull this 
type of stunt again! Deal?"  
asked Washu? With a unison thought, Ayeka, Tenchi, and Nagi said "OK!"  
telepathically! 
As she administered the sedative, she allowed to door to open to her 
lab,  
letting Tenchi & Ayeka in!  
Washu, I told you I didn't approve of this, yet you did it" Ayeka 
angrily yelled.  
"When I comes to my daughters I can lose my perspective , I won't do 
this  
again without consulting you and Tenchi.  
"I'm so sorry," and they both telepathically accepted her apology. 
Washu mentally berated herself. "I tried too hard to make Ryoko face her 
demons, I should have  
thought it out better," She then began to cry for herself, and for her 
daughters!  
As Tenchi held Washu,  Nagi said, "I know he kept you locked up in that  
crystal, so this once I will forgive you for putting me and Ryoko 
through this,  
BUT, when she regains her strength, We three will have a long talk, 
understand!"  
Washu nodded yes ("At last, she wants to talk now") as she was helped up 
by  
Tenchi , while Nagi and Ayeka help lift Ryoko up Tenchi then took her 
upstairs  
in his arms and he took her to his room. Ayeka, and Nagi followed, as 
Washu  
explained to the rest of the family what happened as she sat weakly on 
the coach! 
Tenchi's bedroom: 
As Ryoko was covered up in Tenchi's bed, Ayeka, Tenchi, and Nagi talked  
briefly;  
Ayeka: Lord Tenchi, I would want to stay and be here for her, I just 
don't  
want her to wake up without us here to help her through this!  
Tenchi was about to agree, when Nagi said, "Listen Tenchi I must be here  
also", Before either one had time to talk" I have found a new sister who  
opened up to me, and I have forgiven her for killing my Hiro, she just 
was a  
puppet of the Bastard Kagato, I really wish he were alive, because I'd 
tear  
his heart out!"  
With that Tenchi answered; " I would be honored to have my future sister  
in-law with us so when she does awaken, we will all be there to comfort 
and help her!"  
He then hugged Nagi, Who was resistant at first, but then she hugged him 
back.  
He then pulled 2 futon mats out of the closet and while he laid on one, 
Nagi was on the other, and  
Ayeka laid next to Ryoko on Tenchi's bed, telepathically they linked so 
when Ryoko awoke,  
they could all tell her that they were all here for her! 
Fresh Air 
As the others all went to bed, Washu, went out to the patio to breath in 
some night air  
and to calm down from the failure that had been her attempt to help her 
daughters.  
One was unconscious, while the other was angry at her attempt to help!  
Oh, Gods, why can't I ever think straight when I comes to my family!  
She Then did something very uncharacteristic, she climbed to the  
roof and slept on the spot where Ryoko always liked laying down.  
Just as she falls asleep, a warning signal wakes her up.  
She calls her holo-pad from sub-space, and types in a few key strokes  
Then her eyes widen!  
  
In orbit around the moon 
A screen shows Washu on the patio, visibly shaken!  It can't be, but 
it's  
there, in synchronous orbit behind the moon, the Souja!!  
"Well, well I see that there's a trouble in paradise" states a lone man 
seated  
in front of the monitor who then made his way to some controls on a wall 
panel  
and started a sequence that would put into effect an experiment that 
would  
cause a reality to vanish, and put the Masaki clan in great danger!  
I Kendo, will have my revenge against you Washu, and I will enjoy every 
minute  
as your friends and family will be die horribly before you own eyes! 
Well, Some dramatics here, and how will Washu get out of this with out 
some burnt feathers,  
or body parts for that matter,  But first, we will see that events 
started by Kendo,  
will have Devastating effects for a whole universe, as well as  one 
Lonely man and his daughter.  
Next Episode: Chapter 6: Of Sorrow & Hope!  
   
  
