Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are copyrights 
and  
trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it, 
so  
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).  
However, this  
story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please don't 
copy it and  
claim it as your own. Thanks to Tex James for Pre reading this Revision! 
Family and Friends! 
(  )= Mental thoughts and/or telepathic dialogue 
" "= Verbal dialogue 
Hiro Is my own character, an older Tenchi from another dimension with a 
daughter,  
and Katsurina is a RPG character from Katsurina's Dragonball-Z Fan-Fics 
Chapter 9: Calm before the Storm 
A Morning Ritual 
Tenchi stretched as he was getting the kinks out of his back. Ever since 
Hiro and Nagi started sleeping in their own room, he had to adjust to 
having the girls (Ryoko and Ayeka) sleeping with him. Now normally an 18 
year old wouldn't be allowed anyone else much less two girls sleeping 
with him. But, he and the girls made a solemn promise to Katsuhito that 
they would only sleep only every night. Though some heavy petting was 
done, that was about the most they did. Especially since Katsuhito got 
Washu to monitor them. Consequently, Tenchi had allot of kinks to work 
out every morning. His grandfather was of course happy to help him with 
them by having a rigorous training session every morning. So by the time 
he came in for breakfast he had other kinks to worry about courtesy of 
Katsuhito Masaki.  
So, he was thinking of other things as he was continuing his morning 
excersizes with Yosho, when he was saw  
his 2 fiances half way down the steps leading from the shrine to 
Tenchi's house. 
"Well, Hello my Lights of Happiness! What brings you here?" asked Tenchi 
as he rested between sessions. 
"Ayeka and I thought you might want a snack after your workout with 
Yosho." said Ryoko with a sweet smile. 
"And, Lord Tenchi, I brought along some ice with some towels to ease the 
bruises you must be developing  
after my brother had finished with you!" added Ayeka with as sweet a 
smile as Ryoko. 
Thanks girls, that was really nice of you two!" He gave them both a kiss 
on the cheek , both giggled like school girls. 
They sat down on the steps and preceded to help Tenchi with the ice, and 
split the snack three ways  
as they talked about various things. 
Then Ayeka asked nervously, "Lord Tenchi?" 
"Yes, Lady Ayeka?" Tenchi answered formally. 
"Ryoko and I have been talking...." 
"Wait! "Tenchi started to look nervous. "What are you two planning?" 
Tenchi asked in a questioning tone. 
Ryoko then said, "Tenchi, All Ayeka wants to ask you is, ... When Do you 
want to get married?" 
Tenchi apologized. "Oh, Sorry for being a little miffed." He then took a 
few moments to answer.  
"I would say after I graduate from University!" Both girls looked a 
little surprised.  
Ayeka finally asked "Lord Tenchi, Can you explain to Us why so long??" 
Tenchi takes one of their hands in his. "Listen girls, we are going to 
start what is the most wonderful and exiting part of a person's life, 
the sharing of our lives ... together. I also want you two to come with 
me to live In town when I start University This fall." All three hugged 
each other.  
"Plus, with all the things that keep happening, I would like to wait 
till I graduate so that we can get adjusted to this new relationship we 
have. I also I want our lives to start off in the best way possible by 
getting to know each other better!" Both girls nodded yes, and they 
hugged Tenchi.  
"Tenchi, Why don't you spend some time with your wives to be, will 
continue this afternoon."  
Katsuhito then waved and headed for the shrine office.  
So, they gathered their things and slowly walked down together, arm in 
arm towards the house. 
A Realization! 
Hiro and Nagi were practicing in the "Danger" Room that Washu built in 
sub-space.  
As each warded off various types of enemies, each was thinking of the 
other.  
As the fighting progressed, Nagi and Hiro slowly started to sense 
something,  
in the back of their minds, Each other! Thought Nagi, "Am I beginning to 
connect telepathically to Hiro?" 
"You are? Wow I heard that in my mind" answered Hiro. Computer, end 
program simulation.  
Their computer generated opponents vanished, and with that Hiro and Nagi 
faced each other. 
Hiro asked, ("How can this happen?") 
Nagi answered, ("I don't know, maybe by you being in this dimension, you 
can harness some of the abilities you would have had if you were from 
here.") 
("That would explain it. Wait let me try to contact Kat, she's with 
Sasami, helping her cook lunch") So Hiro concentrated on Katsurina! 
Hiro Telepathically called out, ("Kat? Katsurina, can you hear me? It's 
you Dad!")  
A Dish drops in the kitchen as Kat is holding her head, "Dad, is that 
you?" she said out loud as Sasami watches. 
("Yes, honey, It seems that we have a mind link like Washu and Nagi") 
Kat replies, ("WOW, that is so COOL!!") 
Hiro holds his head! ("Honey, don't yell in my head, please!") 
("Yeah, listen to your father, Kid!") added Nagi. 
Kat answered back. ("MOM, I can hear you too, oh this is so sweet") 
Sasami smiled as she found out from Tsunami what had happened. 
Hiro then said, "Now I didn't expect that! Maybe we need to talk to 
Washu!") 
Nagi then added, ("OK, We'll meet in her lab, but we best remember that 
even though she's my mother,  
she's still Washu, so keep all eyes open, OK!") All three nodded 
Hiro and Kat answered in Unison "OK!" 
In Washu's Lab; 
They headed to Washu's Lab, and on Que., the door opens and they hear 
that familiar voice! 
"Well, well, I see part of my family has come for a visit." 
Nagi glared at Washu. "Mom, Will you be serious for a minute!" 
Washu sighed. "OK, What's the problem?" 
Hiro waved his hand at Kat, Nagi, and himself. "We can communicate 
telepathically!" 
Washu smiled and shook her head, perplexing the three there. "Well, I'd 
be lying if I wasn't surprised." 
"Well, we were Nana!" cried out Katsurina. 
Washu while giving a hug to Kat. "Well I should have told you that when 
your father and you came to this dimension, you would assimilate the 
abilities related to your counterparts. 
Hiro then had a confused look. "But, Kat doesn't have a counterpart!  
My double died before he and Nagi could have kids, right Nagi?" he 
turned to Nagi  
who was visibly upset and slowly turned around ahd hugged herself. 
Hiro hesitantly asked, "Nagi What's wrong, tell me what's wrong?"  
Then he felt the guilt and anxiety she was feeling, as was Washu and 
Kat.  
Nagi sniffled. "I didn't tell you this before, because I thought it 
wasn't important now  
She sighed, then looked at Kat then Hiro. "I have been falling in love 
with you and with Kat.  
You remember that i told you Ryoko had attacked , and cause Hiro's 
death.  
Well before Ryoko attacked, my Hiro and I made Love. It was only after 
my rescue and my medical evaluation to go back to active duty with the 
Galaxy police , was I told that I was pregnant! 
All of those around her were stunned, Kat seemed to be taking it the 
hardest. Tears started to well up in her eyes. 
Nagi continued. "But, as I took leave to have this baby, the ship was 
attacked by space pirates operating from the forbidden zone, I lost the 
baby. This and Ryoko's attack made me realize that I had to hunt down 
all those who hurt me, and My loved ones.  As a G.P. officer I could not 
do what I wanted, so, I quit and began bounty hunting.  
Nagi then turned to Kat who was silently shedding tears. "Oh, Kat" Nagi 
smiled at her!  
"I see in you that baby that I lost, and I can't lose either of you 
again, I love you both!  
Can you forgive me for not telling you?" 
Hiro took Nagi in his arms. "You know how I feel about you, I have 
already forgiven you  
and I love you with all my heart and being!" 
Then both of them turned To Katsurina. She was staring at the two people 
she knew as her parents. 
"I want you to know that I was hurting when you first said this, but I 
now know, that I and My dad were destined to be here, not just to save 
the Universe, "With a Smirk," but to find my dad his love, His best 
friend, and me a Mommy who will love me for me. Washu was beaming with 
pride and affection, at all of them.  
"Well why don't you both make it official, not being the prying mother 
that I am."  
They all laughed, and headed to the living room to tell them the news! 
The Announcement 
As the whole Masaki Clan sat in the living room, Ayeka, Tenchi, Ryoko, 
and Nagi on the coach, Sasami, Ryo-Oki and Kat in the kitchen listening, 
Kiyone and Mihoshi on the love seat. Nobuyuki Yosho and Washu standing 
next the the sliding glass door. Hiro asked for everyone's attention, 
then started talking;  
"Well, now that I have you all here, I'd like to make an announcement!  
"What, that you want to jump my sisters bones, we knew that already!" 
joked Ryoko.  
"Well," nervously, putting his hand on the back of his head, "I'd rather 
show you!"  
Ayeka looked horrified, then back at the kitchen, yelling at Sasami, 
Ryo-Oki and Kat to stay inn the kitchen.  
"No, no, not that, I want to do this," and Hiro knelt down to one knee 
in front of Nagi. 
The whole room gasped with anticipation, as he continued;  
"Nagi, you are the light that has taken me away from a pit of despair, 
you are the spark that lights up my new years fireworks, (They laughed) 
you are the one true love of my life, and you are a good mother to "Our" 
child.  
With all that I've said, there's just one thing I'd Like to ask you?  
Nervously, Nagi was beside herself, unable to take her eyes off his, 
letting every word sink into her being, and knowing that she would be 
happy with this Hiro, as she would have been with hers.  
As he took out a case and opened it to find a 3 carrot diamond ring, he 
asked, "Will you Marry....."  
Nagi, yelled, "YES YES YES YES" , she yelled and glomped Hiro to the 
ground.  
A collective cheer came from the Masaki living room. 
A re 
Later as, the celebration continued, Washu noticed Nobuyuki heading out 
toward the far hill,  
she started following him more out of curiosity, rather than anything 
else.  
As they got up to a clearing on top of the hill, Washu could see a grave 
marker, it was Achika's.  
Nobuyuki knelt down and prayed, Washu, seeing that it was a private 
moment started to leave her hiding place,  
but as she rose Nobuyuki started talking to the grave stone:  
"Hello my sweet, It's been an interesting week, Tenchi has set a date 
after he graduates from University to marry Ayeka and Ryoko! Hiro and 
Nagi, Washu's other daughter, announced their engagement today."  He 
smile left him.  
"Oh My darling How I miss you so much, but I have to ask your permission 
to start courting someone here in the house." This got Washu's 
attention, and she went back to her hiding place, calling up her holo-
laptop.  
"I would like to court Washu my dear!"  
Washu thought in her head, ("What the hell?!?!?") Nobuyuki heard some 
rustling in the bushes, but thought nothing better of it, and continued.  
"Now dear I am not courting her because she looks like a kid, far from 
it. I know she uses that to keep herself from getting involved in 
"Adult" entanglements. Tenchi, bless his heart, told me of Washu's 
earlier life and how he felt she needed someone to be her friend, maybe 
more that that, her companion. Now, I understood his reasoning." He 
sighed!  
"But she looks like a 12 year old, I can't see myself marrying a 12 year 
old, I'd be thrown in jail!! Tenchi, (paused) then reminded me of her 
false facade and he also showed me a photo of Washu as an adult. I was 
instantly mesmerized." Then he smiles as he recollects a memory.  
"I also remember how she took care of Taro for us when my sister was 
ill. How she finally showed the warmth and love she has in her. I knew 
then I was in love.  
When Nobuyuki started this, Washu was at first angry, then as he kept on 
talking, she started to understand why Tenchi told his father what he 
did. Tenchi saw two people, lonely people who he thought could help each 
other, and two people he cared about who were hurting inside. ("I'll 
remind myself to get him an equally good present for his birthday.) 
"Washu said to herself. 
"Well, dear, I hope you approve of my decision, I will always have a 
part of my heart for you,  
but I have to go on with my life and I want to what I have left with 
Washu, I hope she does too!"  
He then made his way down the hill from Achika's grave, and off to the 
side of the path, Washu was sitting in her hiding place there quietly 
thinking. "I can see it too, thanks Tenchi!"  
With a smile on her face and in her heart, Washu transformed into an 
adult, and followed Nobuyuki home. 
Back on the Souja, 
The systems are working perfectly, no all I need to do is throw the 
switch, I Lord Kendo and my father will share this negative power, so 
that we can wipe out all of the Masaki's and pay back my mother for her 
abandonment. 
Well many new revelations in this chapter, but wait, there's more!  
A climactic battle where we don't know who will survive, and what will 
be it's aftermath  
the FINAL Chapter is called; Chapter 10: Fireballs & Light wings 
Combined!  
   
   
  
