 Tenchi Muyo is a product of AIC or Pioneer, and it is copywrited by them, I do 
not own ant of the characters so please don't sue me (I'm too tired to make fun 
of
them today).  In return, I have to say that any DBZ products I mention in here 
are not mine, I think they're Funimation's property, if anyone knows whoDBZ 
belongs
to please tell me, and please don't sue me, I'm flat broke anyway.

 So how do you people think of my series so far?  I know I've been focusing a 
lot of my story on Broka, but I am kind of new to this, so I'll try to focus on 
the
REAL main characters.

 

                                 ***********************************

 In Washu's lab, she's typing a few things on her computer when a small red dot 
appears on her screen, and a beeping noise appears as well.

 "Oh, what's this?" she pushes a couple buttons, a screen comes up with a big, 
white ship with the GP logo on the side, "Huh?  A Galaxy Police Battleship?  
Passing
the Asteroid Belt?  Wait a minute, that's the grand marshall's ship, Mihoshi 
said he was going to come visit.  I'd better tell her he's...(crash)...never 
mind."

 "Ah.......I'm so sorry Wa.....(boom).....oh, my.....uh, Washu, does this wire 
thingy go...(boing).....ow."

 Washu walks around a cornor, Mihoshi is tied up in several wires and springs, 
her faced is somewhat charred and she's hanging upside down.

 "Uh.....hello Miss Washu.....umm.....I made a little mess.....I'll clean it up 
as soon as possible."

 "What do you want Mihoshi?"

 "Well, I got a message from Yukinojo saying that grandfather is coming 
here.....soooo.....I was just telling everyone that I'd like them to be on their 
best behavior. 
Do you know where Broka is...I haven't talked to him yet?"

 "He said he was going to train, and don't bother trying to find him, he's about 
a hundred miles to the South, I tracked his path."

 "Ummm......okay thanks.....could you please get me down...all my blood is 
running to my face?"

 "All right, but only because your grandfather is coming and I don't want to get 
in trouble."

 Washu starts fooling with the wires before Mihoshi asks, "Washu, do you think 
it's right to watch his every move?  I mean, it's so rude."  

 "Mihoshi, I'm a scientist *move your leg to the right*, It's my job to study 
the behavior of a near endangered race."

 "Yeah.....but he is a person, don't you think you should treat him like one?  
The same goes with Tenchi, I mean, the vulgarity of invading someone's private 
feelings
and, well, privates can be downright inconceivable and unscientific."

 Washu stares at her, utterly amazed at what she said, "Mihoshi, do you know 
what you just said?  You sounded smart."

 "Hmmmm.....no, what did I say?" Washu face-faults.

 "Never mind, just try to pull your arms in," Mihoshi does, and falls to the 
floor with a thud.  She gets up quickly.

 "Thank you," and skips off to the door.  On the way, her hand hits a button 
which causes a door to open and pours some cement-like stuff on Washu.

 "MIIIIHOOOOSHmfff!" the stuff drys leaving Washu a stone statue.

                                    **********************

Outside the lab, everyone is setting up stuff waiting for Mihoshi's grandfather 
[I don't know his real name, so I'll just make one up].  Ayeka is setting plates 
on the
table and Sasami is cooking dinner, Ryoko, of course, is sleeping.

 "Ryoko, you could help us with some of the work around here.  A highly 
respected personnel is visiting us, and I would like for everyone to be on there 
very best
behavior.  For you however, even at your best behavior we'd have to throw you in 
the closet to keep from embarrassing us."

 Ryoko scowls at her, "Hey, even a ruthless pirate like me can be a polite, 
gentle, conversation enthusiastic person once in a while."

 "Ha ha ha ha ha ha.  YOU?  A polite and gentle person?  Why, the very thought 
of it makes me laugh.  Ha ha ha ha."

 Another scowl, "Fine, you want to do it that way, go right ahead.  In fact, 
I'll make you a little bet.  I bet, if I can become a nice person for the rest 
of this night, I
get to have a little *sleepover* with Tenchi, uninterrupted."

 Ayeka looks a little concerned, although Ryoko is one of the most violent women 
she knows, she has been able to pull off several kindly deeds since forming with
Zero.

 "All right, you have yourself a deal.  Except if you lose, me and Lord Tenchi 
will have a nice, romantic dinner out on the porch, alone," she starts to laugh, 
then goes
into her hysterical laughter, as does Ryoko.  Sasami just looks from the 
kitchen, sweating.  

 "Miya miya miya miya miya," Rio-Ohki miya's.

Sasami looks at Rio-Ohki, who is holding a carrot, "No Rio-Ohki, it's not dinner 
time yet, you can't have it."

 "Miya."

 Around then Tenchi comes in, he has on his work clothes.  "Hi everyone.  Did 
Mihoshi tell you about her grandfather coming to visit?"

 Ayeka looks at him with a confused look, "Yes, but when Mihoshi went to tell 
Washu, she never came back out.  And I don't believe she told you yet when she
went in there."

 "Hello everyone," Mihoshi's head popped from behind Tenchi.  Ayeka and Ryoko 
jump back.

 "Wow, how the hell did you do that?"

 "Um...well lets see.  I went to tell Washu, then I got tangled in some wires, 
then I got out, and when I left, I walked through a door, and when I stepped 
through it, I
was out in the field, and I saw Tenchi so I decided to tell him now," she 
smiles.

 Tenchi looks at Mihoshi, who is in full view now, "Say Mihoshi, is your 
grandfater, well, I don't mean to offend your family, but is he nice?"

 "Oh yea, of course, he may be the grand marshall of the Galaxy Police, but deep 
inside he's a real sweetie."

 Tenchi sighs what sounds like a sigh of relief, "Say Mihoshi, do you know where 
Broka is?"

 "Washu said he's out training."

 Ayeka and Ryoko groan and crawl under the table.

 "No no, she said he was several hundred miles away from here, so don't worry," 
there's a bright explosion in the sky.

 "Several hundred miles, huh?"

 

Broka is shooting multiple Ki blasts at something several feet away from him.  
He gives one final blast before stopping.  The dust clears to reveal.....

.....a second Broka!  His arms are crossed, used to protect himself from the 
blasts.

 "Hey, we're too close to the house!"

 "Gotcha, we'll do some last minute sparring!"

 They then fly off to the mountains, on their way there, they come together and 
start to throw punches.  They break apart and fly together delivering some last 
minute
blows before a spaceship came out of the sky.

 "Hey, who's that?!"

"I don't know, lets go back together and see who it is," they form back into one 
body and fly towards the ship.

 The ship lands and a door opens to reveal a lone figure standing in the 
doorway.

 "All right men, you can leave without me.  I'll call you when I'm ready to be 
picked up," says the figure.  He's a tall man with a slight tan, his ears are 
pointed, and he
looks around 60 [Hey, I think he does].  Broka cocks his head to get a better 
view.

 "Hm...Hello there young lad!  Do you happen to know where a certain Mihoshi 
lives at," the man asks.

 "Huh?  Oh, she lives over those mountains, I live with her.  Do you want me to 
take you to her?"

 "Oh you *live* with her.  Well it's a pleasure to finally meet you.  My name is 
Kanshina."

 Broka looks a little confused, even though he's only been there for a few 
weeks, he can't remember Mihoshi going out to make her report.  He shrugs it off 
and
says, "Well nice to meet you, Mihoshi didn't tell me her...uh...you're her 
grandfather right?"

 "Of course I am," he puts his hand on his shoulder, "she's told me so much 
about you."

 Broka face twists into confusion, then snaps out of it, "Oh, I get it now.  You 
see sir I'm not..." he stops when he feels pressure on his shoulder.

 "You know, when you're in training for the Galaxy Police, they teach you a 
hand-to-hand attack which focus your strength on a vital pressure point.  Did 
you know
that?"

 Broka's leg starts to buckle, "Really...you don't say."

 "It has even been known to take down the strongest warrior."

 Broka's face starts to cringe, "Well...it seems to be working."

 "The most vital pressure point is right where my hand is now."

 "Sir...that hurts...please stop."

 "In some cases, it has even been known to cut off the air circulation."

 "Sir...I can't...breathe...and that really...hurts," Broka is on the ground and 
his face is red.

 "Now listen here Tenchi.  Mihoshi is my little girl, and I don't want her to 
end up sad and depressed," Broka is choking and his face is purple," I also 
don't want her
to be treated poorly by some macho man who can summon *Light Hawk Wing*, do you 
understand?"

 "Sir.....I'm.....not.....Tenchi," Broka manages to get out.

 "You're not," Broka shakes his head, and Kanshina lets go.  Broka starts 
gasping for air.

 "I'm sorry."

 "S'a.......right."   

 "But Mihoshi never mentioned anything about someone else living with her."

 "I...moved in......(gasp).....several weeks ago."

"Oh, well I'm really sorry.  Could you please take me to your house please?"

 Broka gets up, he's almost got his wind back, "Sure, grab ahold of my armor," 
Kanshina does, and both of them fade out.

                                                *********************

"Hey Mihoshi, have you seen Washu lately," Sasami asks. 

 "She's still in her lab.  After I left, there were some noises and she yelled 
something, I think," everyone gets sweatbeads.

 "I'll go get her from whatever she's stuck in," Ryoko says, and walks into the 
lab.

 "Gosh Mihoshi, whatever could be taking your grandfather so long," Ayeka asks.

 "Well, he is a very trustworthy person on the squad so someone probably needed 
him to do some errands."

 Tenchi is coming down from taking a shower, "Ah, that was refreshing."

 "Hey Mihoshi, is that your grandfather with Broka there," Sasami points out. 

"Why yes, yes it is.  Hi grandpa!" she runs out to give him a hug.

 "Mihoshi my dear!  How have you been?  I missed you so much," he says while 
giving her a hug.

 She gives a big smile, "I missed you too grandpa.  Oh it's been a long time 
since I saw you last," everyone is smiling at them until Broka realizes 
something.

 "Oh gee, I *really* smell.  I'd.....better.....go.....takeashower, bye," he 
runs in the house, grabbing Tenchi at the same time, "I need to talk to you."

 "Hey, what do you need me for?"

Everyone stares at them as they go up the stairs, Mihoshi still has her arms 
around her grandfather.

 "What was that about," Ayeka asks.

 "I think I know," Kanshina says, "I'll go talk to them," and heads to the 
stairs.

 

Broka's running up the stairs with Tenchi flying behind him.

"Hey what in the...AHHHH," he screams as he is thrown into his room, onto the 
floor.

Broka looks outside the door and flips his head back and forth to make sure no 
one is coming.

 "All right, listen here Tenchi.  Mihoshi's grandfather isn't the nicest guy in 
the universe."

 "What are you talking about?  Mihoshi said he was really nice."

 "Nice?  Yeah...right.  You see, when I went to check out his spaceship, he met 
me at the doorway.  We started talking and......" he stops when he feel a dark 
figure
behind him.  He slowly turns around to see Kanshina looming over him.

 "Eh, heh heh...heh.  I was just on my way to the showerbye," and he runs to the 
bathroom.

 "Hello Mr. Katsumoro.  It's a pleasure to finally meet you," Tenchi puts out 
his hand.

 "Well Tenchi, it's a pleasure to meet you too," he takes his hand and shakes 
it.

 "Uh...sorry about my friend there, he has a chance to overreact sometimes,"  he 
puts his hands to the side, "so, what did you need to talk to me about?"

"You see Tenchi.  Mihoshi is one of the few women left in my life, and I want 
the best for her.  And from what I here in her reports, you are the best for 
her," Tenchi
backs away, really scared, "and you see Tenchi, I don't know you real well, but 
if you're anything like she says, you will make her happy, got it." Tenchi just 
stands
frozen, "Good," he gives him a light punch in the arm, which sends Tenchi to the 
other side of the room, "I hope to see you downstairs soon," and he walks off to 
the
kitchen.  When he leaves, Broka pokes his head from around the door, he sees 
Tenchi rubbing his arm and just staring.

 "Hmph...you just got a punch in the arm, I almost got the life strangled out of 
me," and leaves for the bathroom.

                                                ********************** 

"Wow!  That's a big dinner you have cooked there Sasami," Mihoshi says with 
glee.  On the table are all sort of Chinese and Japanese fixings on the table.

 Broka sits at the table and picks up some chopsticks, "Yes, it's amazing how 
much you can put on this table," he dives the chopsticks into the food only to 
be
stopped by a wooden ladle, held by Sasami.

"Hey now, no eating until everyone is at the table," he groans and drops his 
head.

At that moment Washu comes out the door, "WHERE IS THAT BLONDE.....oh," she 
stops as she sees Kanshina sitting at the table, "that........blonde yet
remarkably intelligent young lady," she gives some nervous laughter.  She sits 
at the table also, trying to control her anger.

 "Hey, where's Ryoko," Ayeka asks,as her and Tenchi sit down.

 "Well...after she pulled me out of that quick drying adhesive, she teleported 
to her room, I don't know what she's doing in there, but she said something 
about
winning a bet."

 "Hello everyone," a soft and musical voice was heard from upstairs. 

"Come on Ryo...huh?" Tenchi's voice is stopped when he looks at Ryoko.  She is 
wearing a satin dress and doesn't have her jewels in her ear, rather then 
regular
earrings.  She walks down the stairs like a queen.  Everyone's mouthes drop to 
their lap.

 Ryoko silently walks to her seat next to Broka, and sits down, "It sure was a 
nice day today, wasn't it?" everyone backs away from her, Ayeka starts to sob.

 Broka grabs her shoulders and stares in her eyes, "Who are you, and what have 
you done with Ryoko?"

 "Why I just don't know what you mean by that?  But you can be cute when you 
talk like that," she gives him a wink and Broka does a quite acrobatic backwards
face-fault.

 "Now now boy, you shouldn't talk to a nice, lovely, young lady like that.  A 
gentleman could get quite offended by that," Ryoko smiles at him and Broka drops 
his
head.  Kanshina turns to talk to Mihoshi and Ryoko grabs Broka by the collar of 
his shirt and yells at him under her breath, "Listen you, don't think I like you 
any
better.  This is just a plot to get Tenchi alone, you hear me monkey boy."

 "Good, you're still yourself," he gives a loud sigh.

Ryoko glares at him and starts again, "You think I LIKE looking like this.  I 
look like I could be the lead character to 'The Young and the Restless'." [by 
the way
folks, I DO NOT watch that show, it was the only title I could think of at the 
time]

 "Well then Miss Ryoko, I am more then humbled to be your acquantice," he gives 
her several pats on the butt.  She grabs the back of his head and is about to 
slam
it through the table when she looks over at Ayeka laughing to herself.  She 
growls, sits up more slightly to readjust her dress, then sits back down.

 "Well everybody, lets dig in," everybody starts taking slices of food and 
shoving them in their mouthes.

 "Mmmm...delicious dinner Princess Sasami.  May I ask how you are able to make 
such a wonderful meal in so little a time," Kanshina asks.

 She blushes, "Well, I'm just a really fast cook, that's all there is to it.  
Oh, and there's no need to talk to me so formaly, you can just call me Sasami."

 Ayeka jumps in, "Sir, I want to know just how you're doing without having 
Mihoshi to keep you..." she stops when she sees Broka and Tenchi making the 
"cut"
symbol.  They stop when Kanshina looks at them.

"Oh, it's been lonely without having Mihoshi around," he puts his arm around 
her, "but she is my granddaughter, and I want what she wants," Tenchi and Broka 
both
choke on food, except Broka is trying not to laugh.

 "What is with you two, you have been so uppidy lately," Mihoshi asks, with a 
confused look.

 They both get sweatbeads, "Oh, nothing Mihoshi, don't worry your pretty little 
head about it," Tenchi says with a nervous laughter.  Mihoshi blushes.  Ayeka 
and
Ryoko's face turn red too, except theirs is more with anger.

All of a sudden, there is a explosion coming from the mountains near the sight 
where Kanshina's ship landed.  Everyone gets up to look at what's going on.

Tenchi groans and says, "These two weeks have been too exciting for me," and 
gets up with the rest of them.

 Outside, several black cylindar-shaped objects are flying low on the ground and 
are shooting at the water.  Mihoshi's watch beeps.

 A scared robotic voice is heard, "Mihoshi, MIHOSHI!  I am being attacked by 
several unknown spacecraft!  I have set up my secondary shield to protect myself
from the blasts, but it's doing no good, my hull is going to explode!"

 "All right Yukinojo, I'll be right there," she pulls the cube from here hair 
and twists it one way.  A hair dryer falls on Ryoko.

 "Hey, what are you doing Mihoshi?"

 "AAHHH...I'm sorry, when I get nervous I forget what I'm doing," she starts to 
sniff.  

 "There, there Mihoshi, let your grandfather take care of it for you.  Tenchi!  
You hold Mihoshi for a while," Kanashina says.  Tenchi unwillingly does it.

 "Hey you people.  That is Galaxy Police property you're trying to destroy 
there, if you persist I will have to place you under arrest," the ships turn 
around to look at
him.  Mihoshi is staring at him when she realizes she's in Tenchi's arms, she 
quaintly passes out.  The cylander's say something over a loudspeaker, "Grand 
Marshall,
in the name of the Katarang Empire we have arrived here to destroy you," they 
fire some blasts at him.  Kanashina runs into the house, everyone face-faults.

 Broka sighs, "Looks like I have to take care of this by myself," he floats into 
the air.

 Inside the ship, a voice is heard talking to the another ship, "That power, it 
can't be.  Master Frieza was supposed to have destroyed them all.  Well saiyan 
man,
looks like your outnumbered.  But just to make sure, contact the mothership, we 
have a live one here."

 They announce over their loudspeaker, "All right you filthy monkey, we have you 
outnumbered five to one, lets see how you fare," they charge at him.

 In a sarcastic voice, he says, "Oh.....I'm so scared," he fades out of view as 
the ships fly past him.

 "Huh...where'd he go."

 "Ohhh boyyys," the ships look downward to see Broka with his palm facing them, 
"GALLIC GUUUN...FIRE!!!" a purple energy wave flys from his hand,
vaporizing two of the ships.

"AHHH...RETREAT!  RETREAT!" they fly away from the house only to be stopped by 
Broka.

 "Going somewhere," he faces his palm to them and shoots another blast, only 
vaporizing one of them though.

 The ships start to fire at him, Broka raises his arm and creates a shield to 
protect himself from the blast.  He holds up both his hands and creates two 
energy disks,
he throws it at them.  The ships try to dodge the disks, but the disks return, 
cutting one of them right down the middle, and the other one closer to the 
bottom, but
nonetheless they both explode. 

One of the pilots fall to the ground who is completely burned but still alive.  
Everyone is shocked at the sight of the living cat creature.  Broka floats down 
to the
ground behind the creature.  The creature looks up at him.

 "You will not survive you saiyan scum, I have contacted my brethren, they will 
be here in three months, be prepared...BE PREPARED!"

 "Shut up," Broka points his hand at him and vaporizes him in an instant.  

 He looks up and smiles, "So...lets get back to the meal."

                                                **********************

The sun is setting in the hills, and a bird is heard against the light breeze.  
The GP battleship is on the lakes edge, everyone is standing saying goodbye to 
Kanshina.

 "Bye grandpa.  I'll miss you," she gives him a hug, there are tears in both of 
their eyes.

"Goodbye my little Mihoshi, I'll miss you too."

She wipes her eyes, "Grandpa, I'm not little anymore."

"Of course you're not.  How do I keep forgetting?" both of their eyes light up.

 "Well it was a pleasure having you here, even if it was only for a short time," 
Tenchi says.

 "Well, it's a shame that there's trouble at the office already, and I thought 
for sure that I would have a longer vacation.  But with that new race on the 
loose I have to
straighten some things up so as not to cause interplanetary war.  But it was fun 
while it lasted."

 "Yes it was, please visit us again," Ayeka says.

 "I would be glad to, especially to have some of Sasami's cooking," she blushes, 
"What I can't understand, why would those cat creatures attack me, I didn't do
anything to them?"

 "You probably arrested one of them while on your way here, or you blew up one 
of their ships.  Either way if you get out of here soon they won't bother with 
you,
they have other things to worry about now," Broka says

 "Oh, really.  And how do you know?" he says, with a smile. 

"Oh.....no reason."

 "Mm hmm...Well, it was a pleasure meeting all of you.  And Tenchi, look after 
my Mihoshi will you," Tenchi gets a sweatdrop.

He heads into the ship, everyone waves goodbye to him as the door closes.  The 
ship takes off, leaving the water front with many waves.  Everyone sighs and 
heads
into the house.

 "Boy, that was sure a nice visit, not like the last one," Ayeka says, Broka 
growls at her.

 "It's a shame it had to end so quick," Sasami adds.

 "Yeah.  By the way, those 'Katarangs?' that showed up, did you know them from 
sometime Broka," Tenchi asks. 

"Huh...what are you talking about," he says with a smile.

 "You know, those five ships that showed up and you got rid of them, what were 
they."

 He puts his hands behind his head, "I really don't *know* what you're talking 
about." 

 "Here we go again," says Washu.

 Ryoko grabs his shirt collar and holds him several inches from her face, 
"Listen you, I'm tired of you holding out little secrets from us that we could 
use in the future,
okay?  If you continue this little charade, I'll just have to force it out of 
you," she makes an energy sword.

 He looks in the sky with a big smile, "Why, Miss Ryoko, I really, really don't 
know what you people are talking about.  But you can be *cute* when you talk 
like
that," he gives her a wink and squeezes her butt.

 "WHY YOU LITTLE......" she swings the sword at him, he ducks and flys off into 
the air.

 "YOU THINK YOU CAN GET AWAY FROM ME YOU LITTLE PERVERT," she flies after him, 
firing energy balls as she goes. 

Mihoshi runs after them, yelling hopeless pleas to stop.

 "The way those two act is so appauling, I can't imagine anyone doing that," 
Ayeka says, Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, and Tenchi face fault.

 "C'mon Ayeka, let's go clean up, by the looks of it Ryoko won't be in for 
several hours, Mihoshi should be after her, and Broka won't be in until tommorow
morning," Sasami says, and everyone heads into the house.                                          

      ********************

Well, how was it?  Whazzup316@cs.com.  

NEXT EPISODE: Several parter.  The entire Katarang empire attacks.
