Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are copyrights 
and  
trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it, 
so  
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).  
However, this  
story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please don't 
copy it and  
claim it as your own.  
Thanks to Tex James for Pre reading this Revision! 
Family & Friends! 
(  )= Mental thoughts 
" "= Verbal dialogue 
Chapter 2. Of Hunters, And Peace Makers 
A Discovery! 
We open to a familiar scene, The Greatest Scientist In the Universe 
ever, Washu comfortably sitting cross-legged  
on a levitated cushion in her lab, typing away on her holographic 
keyboard.  
She reacts to her latest data with a gasp as she holds her hand to her 
chest  
trying to calm herself down and not allowing what she saw from getting 
to  
Ryoko or Ryo-oki through their link!  
She types some more on her keyboard;  
"Who my God, it can't be, but... it is! It's all right there in the 
Souja's encrypted database."  
She slams her fist on a nearby table!  
"That Bastard!!" 
She collected herself as the data poured through her holopad. Her anger 
increasing my the minute.  
"I can't believe he did this to me again, ... and I never knew!" 
She then started sobbing to herself, trying to keep her feelings from 
drifting through the mind link to her offspring.  
"I will need to get Ryoko, Tenchi, & Ryo-oki, in here after dinner. 
No,... wait! I have a better idea!"  
Washu then began typing again on her keyboard with a happy smile on her 
face,  
and a determination not unlike when her A and B Dolls cheer her on at a 
moment of brilliance. 
Meanwhile at the other edge of our Galaxy... 
In the Sargasso Zone, of dead and wrenched star ships, The bounty hunter 
Nagi has just caught her latest quarry,  
an ex-Jurian noble who stole various funds from the First Bank of Jurai.  
"Well I'll get a nice bounty for him," she thought. Yet, she really 
don't enjoy these types of collars.  
"I'd rather be chasing real pray, like Kagato ... or Ryoko!" She smiled 
at her rivals name.  
Suddenly, a comm. signal sounded and a new bounty appeared on her holo-
viewer.  
She smiled to herself, "My, my don't wishes come True! "she said to 
herself in anticipation,  
as she headed to the nearest Jurian colony to drop off her catch. 
Back at the Masaki Residence; 
Tenchi and Ryoko had been steadily growing closer together, since Mayuka 
had joined their household 3 years ago,  
much to Ayeka's consternation.  
But, also because of this unique baby that was given a second chance by 
Tenchi and Washu,  
she had started settling the feud between herself and Ryoko.  
Since both seemed to be the ones who had been taking care of Mayuka the 
most since she was born.  
This also had brought Ayeka closer to Tenchi as well.  
But now ... both girls started to see their conflict in a different 
light since this little baby girl  
came into their lives and their hearts! 
On the Jurian Colony world of Zebro; 
Nagi left the Jurian colony and headed to her next quarry, which made 
her smile come back even wider than before.  
"Now, we get to settle it Ryoko!" She set in the coordinates for the Sol 
system.  
Ken-oki became greatly exited at the possibility of seeing Ryo-oki 
again.  
"Hey, calm down Romeo, you'll see your girlfriend soon, ... and her 
master and I will finally finish this long hunt" 
Nagi sighed at the amount of time she had put into her long cat and 
mouse game between her and Ryoko.  
Lately it had simmered and cooled.  
She even helped her and her friends unseat the bastard son of Kagato 
from taking the Jurian throne.  
Yet, ... it seemed appropriate the now the game was coming to an end.  
Time to settle this feud, and maybe stop this aimless life she had.  
"Imagine me settling down and finding some local yokel to be his wife 
and bare his sniveling brats!  
Ha,  
That will be the day! "  
She shoved those thoughts aside as she headed towards Earth and the 
Masaki Home! 
A little later at the Masaki home; 
Ayeka had finished her chores and caught Ryoko walking to the Onsen 
after her chores.  
"I can't believe that she is now doing the chores like the rest of us," 
she said to herself.  
"Well, I need to talk to her and this seems to be a good a time as any."  
Swallowing her pride, knowing that she'd have to be at her most patient 
for this to go well. 
15 minutes later, Ayeka headed towards the Onsen. 
"Ryoko" Ayeka said as they both rested in the Onsen,  " I need to talk 
to you about something". 
Both girls now 18 (At least by Earth physical standards, both where over 
700 years old, Ayeka, 718, and Ryoko, over 5000!) 
"Well what do you want to talk about , Princess?" Ryoko replied. 
"We need to talk about Tenchi, and our current relationships with him!" 
Ayeka said. 
"What, I know how he feels about me, Princess. I know he loves me! Ryoko 
said boastfully. 
"And I Also know he has feelings for me as well!" replied a slightly 
irritated Ayeka  
There was a rise in the Onsen's air temperature. But, Ayeka was not 
wanting to fight with Ryoko.  
She replied; "I don't want to fight with you, I want to have a mature 
discussion about our feelings towards  
Tenchi, and what the future might hold for "US"!"  
That caught Ryoko's attention.  
"What's this US your talking about? The only US I see having a future 
here is ME and Tenchi!!" 
"Oooh, would you please just stop this Ryoko, I know you want to put 
that wall up and trying to get me angry,  
so you don't have to deal with what I want to talk to you about.  So 
just listen, Please  
(she said with a concerned and truthful look!)  
Seeing Ayeka's look in her face Ryoko complied.  
"Well OK, but I don't promise I'll stay if you get me angry, got it 
Princess!" 
"Fair enough. Now, just hear me out." as she and Ryoko calmed down.  
They both sat there for about 1 to 2 minutes before Ayeka started to 
speak;  
"As you know on Jurai, there are certain customs that All Jurians 
follow.  
Like always helping those in need, or helping the elderly in the later 
years, these are a hallmark of...." 
Ryoko interrupted.  
"Listen Princess, I am not the Jurian High Council,  
so will you cut the crap and get to the point!" she said briskly. 
Ayeka was steaming with sudden anger. It took all her will to stop 
herself from launching a verbal  
and real barrage at the The cranky Space Pirate.  
But she told herself to calm down and oblige Ryoko's rude request. 
"All right. There is a little used law that allows a male member of the 
Jurian Royal family to have  
(and she emphasized these next words ) "More Than ONE Wife!"  
(She let it set for a few moments and continued) "My own mother is a 
prime example of that sort of marriage!" 
Ryoko looked perplexed and suddenly deep in thought she slowly lokked 
at, then answered Ayeka.  
"I would have to really think about this. You know I don't like to share 
most anything with anyone, especially Tenchi!"  
Ayeka answered back; "We share May, don't we?" (then hesitantly, but 
firmly while moving closer to Ryoko)  
She verbally, and Physically sighed."I don't want to fight anymore, and 
I want us to be more civil to each other."  
(then a pause) "And not because Tenchi would want us to get along, but I 
would like Mayuka to see us getting along!  
She looked sincerely at her friend (she did consider Ryoko her friend 
now) and continued;  
"Ryoko, I am starting to think about all that we have been through the 
last 5 years,  
and that we all do care for each other!" as she looked down at the water 
in front of her. 
Ryoko knew how hard this most be for Ayeka to say this to her!  
She knew that only a few months ago they were having between 5 to 10 
Spectacular fights a day  
with the usually destructive results to the house, and those within the 
immediate area.  
So, She recognized the sincerity and care in Ayeka's voice. 
She looked at her and Ryoko said; "Well, I will think about it, Ayeka, 
(pause) but don't hold you're breath".  
Just then , a patter of several little feet was heard coming up the 
stairs to the Onsen,  
May (one of Mayuka's nicknames) now 3 years old, led by Ryo-oki in 
toddler form  
came up through the Onsen's entrance. With a giggle and a laugh she 
said;  
"Mommy Ryoko, Mommy Ayeka, I want to take a bath!" giggled May as Ryo-
oki concurred.  
Both jumped in  thouroughly wetting The Princess, and The Pirate,  
and all then started having fun in the water. Both of the rivals had a 
smile on their faces and  
much to think about as they played in the Onsen with Tenchi's daughter 
and Ryo-oki! 
Within the Sol System; 
Ken-oki Is seen passing the Rings of Saturn on it's way to Earth for a 
final confrontation  
that will have an unlikely climax! 
Chapter #3: The Night Before... 
Well it's getting more interesting, thought the real main story 
concern's  
Washu and Ryoko, I will be touching on the developing Relationships of  
Tenchi, Ayeka and Ryoko. This is a revision of my  first  Fan-Fiction 
story.  
I hope you can give me some constructive criticism!  
Please e-mail me at <dennis_d@popmail.firn.edu>  
Thanks to Tex James for Pre reading this Revision!  
   
  
