Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are copyrights 
and  
trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it, 
so  
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).  
However, this  
story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please don't 
copy it and  
claim it as your own. Thanks to Tex James for Pre reading this Revision! 
Family and Friends! 
(  )= Mental thoughts 
" "= Verbal dialogue 
Chapter #4: Confrontation!  
  
Nagi was waiting patiently at the lakes edge, behind some bushes, 
waiting for the opportunity  
to catch Ryoko off guard. As she waited, she still had that nagging 
feeling of knowing someone knew she was there.  
She had checked the area around her several times through the night, 
with the same result.  
Nobody but Nagi was there. 
She then spotted several people coming out of the house to the patio 
area, and  
saw over a 10 minute time span the an apparent conversation between the 
three there,  
which included Ryoko. 
"Now they are not speaking, but I'm still hearing them. How odd?!?"  
Finally, I see them jump up and hug. "Tenchi just proposed to Ryoko and 
Ayeka?!"  
Nagi thinks some more to herself. "Oh yeah, he's Jurian, they can marry 
more than one wife."  
The she thinks; "Wow, those people really love each other." Then a 
puzzled look creeps into her face.  
"Wait a minute, how did I know that?" This confuses her, but she quickly 
recovers "Oh well, time to nab the witch!"  
  
Her plan was simple, she would lure Ryoko to her side of the lake,  
separating her from the rest of the gang long enough to use Ken-oki,  
who was hidden in the forest to teleport her to a holding cell as he 
transformed.  
They would be off the planet before the others had time to react.  
What poor Nagi didn't know was that all of them knew her plan!  
How? Just leave it to the Greatest Scientist in the Universe, Washu!  
  
Earlier, as Nagi lay in wait, Washu was easdropping on Tenchi and the 
girls,  
she was also listening to Nagi's thoughts. (How you might say how I can 
hear them,  read on and you'll find out!)  
Then Tenchi and the girls got up to officially informed the others of 
their arrangement. 
Most of the girls where somewhat disappointed,  
though they carried that disappointment inside and professed their 
congratulations to them.  
At that moment, Washu informed them of Nagi, her plan, and where she 
was.  
When asked about how she knew all this, Washu gave a complicated answer 
and  
thoroughly confused everyone.  
She then said that she had a sensory device  that picked unusual brain 
patterns  
and to put it in simplest terms, she had a brain thought recorder  
(As you'll see later, that was a bold-faced lie!).  
  
So, when Nagi saw Ryoko flying towards her, she was ready to pounce on 
her  
pray. Then to her shock, Ryoko stopped above the middle of the lake,  
and looked straight at her!  
She then heard 2 people beamed behind and around  
her. that turned out to be Tenchi, and Ayeka.  
She then saw Ryo-oki in her ship form, above the lake, cutting her off.  
She knew she was surrounded, but she wanted the bounty.  
No, she wanted Ryoko.  
She surprised everyone with flying up to Ryoko and facing her above the 
lake. 
"Seems you've changed a little since we last met" Said a surprised Ryoko 
"Well, I needed an edge and since I got these new powers,  someone's put 
a new  
bounty on you head. I thought, why not try them out on you!" Nagi 
challenged! 
"Well, Let's see what you've got Nagi!" she said In a menacing tone, and 
she powered up!  
  
("YOU TWO SHOULD NOT FIGHT!!") 
That telepathic message came blaring into Nagi's and Ryoko's skulls ... 
at the same time!  
"What in Tsunami's name was that?" Nagi yelled! 
("Hey, Mom why did you have to put the volume up on me too?") Said Ryoko 
telepathically. 
("Sorry Little Ryoko, I'll be more careful next time.") answered Washu 
mentally!  
"I just want Nagi to know that she has no chance in the world against  
The Greatest Scientist in the Universe, Washu," she hesitated , then 
went on "....who also happens to be her mother!" 
Nagi ylled; "WHATTT! What are you saying?!?! How can you be my mother?"  
(But, inside her mind Nagi knew she wasn't lying.) 
"Yes I am not lying, I even have proof!" Replied Washu verbally. 
"NO, I was an orphan, raised at a Jurian Government Orphanage  
and Military Academy.  No, you're lying to distract me!" said Nagi not 
really believing what she was hearing. 
"Well, my dear, I found the records, from one of my former students that 
say  
otherwise." Washu said confidently. Washu was then standing on the edge 
of of the lake,  
within 20 feet as her daughters were floating overhead ,typing on her 
holo-pad.  
  
"This can't be!? How could I have been you daughter, you've said it 
yourself  
that Ryoko was unique, and the only one you conceived?" Nagi yelled in  
anguished and hurt tone! 
"As I was saying, one of my former students stole DNA that belonged  
to Ryoko as she was developing. He then had them frozen for 500 years, 
when  
he developed them adding his own DNA. He then sold that item (which was 
you, Nagi) to the military,  
under the code name Nagi-chan!  
Then, they placed you in that orphan's military school to observe your 
development.  
I had no knowledge that you even existed. Washu sighed, then continued.  
" By then you had already been with the Jurian military for 2000 years  
Then after that you joined the Galaxy Police and served with them for 
2300 years,  
then you quit, began your bounty hunting, and you started your feud with 
Ryoko.  
Am I accurate with my information so far?" 
A distraught looking Nagi said  
"Yes, yes, but where were you these last 700 years?  
Why did you not try to find me? If you're really my mother?"  
  
 Washu looked down at her feet then spoke;  
"I had by then, been in Kagato's ship for 5000 years ... as his 
prisoner.  
He had put my in  a stasis crystal and I only sensed Ryoko there as she 
was forced to do Kagato's bidding.  
Even If I knew of your existence then, I would not have been able to do 
anything about it!"  
She tried to explained to her perplexed and angry daughter. 
The realization started to sink into Nagi's mind.  
"Then, I was fighting my sister all those times?"  
  
Washu smiled seeing the tough emotional exterior of nagi cracking.  
"Yes my love, and why did you think that in the back of your mind you 
didn't  
pull all the real stops when you fought Ryoko?" 
"No, I know I did, I wanted to kill her with all my heart!" But deep 
inside She knew what washu said, ... was right! 
"Then, why did you always come out at a stalemate in all the fights you 
had with Ryoko?  
And, except for that time on Venus where she had a little help.  
(Ayeka, smirked at that comment, Ryoko winked at her while facing away 
from Nagi, towards Ayeka and Tenchi)  
But, her smirk left as they saw Nagi's reaction. 
Nagi then had an anguished look of confusion. She covered her face with 
her hands in despair. 
Washu then started to explain mentally, that this student who created 
her  
was the headmaster at the Orphanage.  
"Do you remember Mr. Kataro?" He was the one who kept his scientific eye 
on her the whole time.  
  
Nagi was slowly coming apart inside, her whole life, her whole self, the 
person she knew was actually a lab experiment  
for the Jurai military elite, then she was sent to infiltrate the Galaxy 
Police. Finally, she quit both due to an incident  
involving Ryoko. 
As Nagi looked around her, she saw Tenchi and Ayeka still there behind 
her in  
defensive mode, in front of her was Ryoko.  
Soon an anger boiled up inside of her, she struck at Ryoko, with all her 
powers, it was a fantastic whirl  
of speed and power as Ryoko dodged all that Nagi was sending her way. 
"Remember Little Ryoko, she's angry, but you cannot fight her, keep 
dodging! said a now worried Washu 
"Well Mom, that's just what I'm doing, but we'd better convince her 
before I have to do something! Replied Ryoko. 
Throughout the battle both Ryoko and Washu  were trying to reach her 
mentally,  
Finally, regrettably, Washu told her Ryoko to maneuver Nagi toward some  
trees on the shore of the lake closest to their house.  
Washu teleported Ayeka and Tenchi in between those trees. When Nagi got 
there an electrified net  
that was powered by Tenchi and Ayeka's Jurai powers fell over Nagi and 
knocked her unconscious.  
She fell on the ground with a sickening thud. Ryoko was first to reach 
Nagi.  
Washu was next there checking her 2nd daughter for any lasting effects.  
Then she opened a sub-space portal to her lab, Ryoko picked up Nagi and 
all the family followed as an  
adult Washu led the way.  
  
With that revelation, what comes next?  
Well we'll see in Chapter 5. A New Family Member  
This is my 1st ever Fan-Fic so be gentle & give my a chance to get it 
right.  
Hope you can give me some constructive Criticism! Please e-mail me at  
<dennis_d@popmail.firn.edu> 
