Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are copyrights 
and  
trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it, 
so  
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).  
However, this  
story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please don't 
copy it and  
claim it as your own. Thanks to Tex James for Pre reading this Revision! 
Family and Friends! 
(  )= Mental thoughts and/or telepathic dialogue 
" "= Verbal dialogue 
Hiro Is my own character, a Tenchi from another dimension older and with 
a daughter,  
and Katsurina is a RPG character from Katsurina's Dragonball-Z Fan-Fics 
Chapter 8- "Learning to Love Again"  
  
Washu had Hiro and Kat in her lab every day to test their new powers.  
As they explored what they could do, Kat at first said that all of the 
powers seem to  
be similar to a anime program she watched on TV in her dimension called  
Dragonball Z Washu then did a search and found that the cartoon did 
exist in  
this dimension, and promptly categorized all the powers shown by the 
various  
characters on the series that were exhibited by Kat, and Hiro..  
Both had the ability to power up to what was stated as a Super Saiyen, 
but  
Washu pointed out that their energy was 100 times greater due to the 
fact that  
both Hiro  and Katsurina each had half of the light power of a whole 
dimension.  
She also reminded them that Tenchi's light hawk wings  
had even more power out put than that because they seem to have a 
godlike quality to them. 
Upon hearing this Hiro made the observation that they both had the Tai 
to the lost Chi. "  
Someone has the rest of my dimension's power" Hiro said,  "and I  
have the feeling that sooner, or later, we will meet the one that has 
our Chi!"  
Washu could only nod in acceptance. 
Washu Was curious, "Do you know about this Tai Chi?" 
Hiro replied "We studied it at the University when I was a graduate 
student. We had to  
compare  and contrast the main tenants of the Earth's major religions."  
(Kat just rolled her eyes, "There goes dad in lecture mode again!") 
Washu was intrigued. "Well, I am impressed that even an out of the way 
planet like Earth makes  
you research diversity rather than commonality." 
"I doesn't mean we all learn from it. Just one look at the local news 
shows. Hiro sighed and hook his head.  
"We have along way to go." 
Washu countered." But, ... the idea of balance is essential for most 
great societies to develop  
past the paranoid stages of their evolution." 
Hiro replied with a more stern tine. "So? What does that have to do with 
the missing dark matter from my old  
dimension?" 
Washu waved her finger at him. "Because I have a new invention that may 
help us get the dark matter back  
when we meet those who have it.  
She then showed Hiro a large disk, circular, with a circular band of 
silver around the edge,  
and the center seemed to be a glossy type of material with the Tai Chi 
symbol seemingly just under  
the surface of the disk. 
Hiro frowned and said, "Ok, Washu, a nice Tai Chi medallion. He looked a 
it intently.  
"What is it for?" 
Washu smirked. "And I thought you were smart." (being sarcastic).  
"Hiro, what you see on this medallion?" 
Hiro, looking at it plainly said "It equally black  and white. 
Washu held her gaze for a second, then continued, "Now you hold the 
medallion (She hands it to Hiro) 
The medallion's symbol changes before his eyes. "Hey, it turned all 
white!" 
Washu crossed her arms around her middle and then said. "And why pray 
tell do you think it turned white?" 
Hiro concentrated and slowly it dawned on him. "Because..... of my.... 
light power energy!?!?!" 
Washu responded. "Well, I knew you had some brains in there somewhere,. 
Yes it shows the wearer the amount if  
Tai, and chi energy they have within themselves. We can use this when we 
encounter Kendo. 
Hiro, what good will this medallion be when I'm fighting Kendo? 
"I'll be monitoring the medallion, and when there's a sufficient amount 
of  
dark matter within you, then I will warn you if it becomes too much,  
because too much of either type of matter can cause you to explode. said 
Washu 
Hiro then said, "Like when lightning hits a cars battery and it blows 
up!" 
Washu: I don't want either you or Kat to explode, so wear them. 
Hiro asks, "So, why haven't  I become imbalanced due to my having all 
light power?" 
Washu replied, "Since it is light power it actually can make you too 
calm and serene,  
while the dark power can certainly make you into a maniac, which I think 
Kendo is now." 
So that's why I haven't bitten anyone's head off when something happens 
to me! Hiro chuckled. 
But Washu corrected him. "But, it seems that you have more control over 
this effect that most. 
Hiro nodded, then asked, "Is there any other use for the medallion?" 
With it I can tell if you are draining Kendo of the dark matter, I can 
advise you through your mind link  
 with Nagi of our strategies during the fighting. 
Hiro stated, "This could be the key to defeating Kendo." 
Washu nodded in the affirmative. "Now, take the medallion, and I'll 
incorporate it to your fighting suit,  
I'll add it to Katsurina's suit too, so please inform her of the use of 
the medallion. 
Hiro turned to leave, but then turned back to Washu and asked,  
"Do you think well be ready for this fight? What I mean is Kat and I, we 
weren't fighters on our Earth.  
Kat has been showing me some of the moves and attacks from that 
Dragonball show 
Washu elaborated. "I have been observing your training, And yes there is 
one area that you  
are weak in, you and Kat do lack one key skill, your ability to fight 
close, hand to hand  
combat. That's why I bringing in Yosho and Nagi to start training you 
both!" stated Washu. 
Hiro: I agree that we need the training, but I have the feeling that we 
should  
only practice with them outside!  
  
Washu was confused. "What do you mean Hiro?" 
 "I would like you Washu, the Greatest Scientific Mind in the Universe  
(Stroking Washu's Ego), can you come up with a fighting ring, like  
the room of spirit and time from the DragonBall anime, in sub-space  
away from prying eyes, where we could practice our powers against each 
other  
without being detected?  
Washu smiled "No Problem at all, I'll even have the entrance in 
Katsuhito's office so  
no one will suspect that you went to pray, when you really went to 
practice some more!  
"Exactly, I'll inform Tenchi and the others so there won't be any 
problems.  
And with that, we all started to prepare for the coming conflict. 
Katsurina: Nana Washu? (Washu cringed at the thought of someone calling 
her  
Nana! But she calmed down when she saw her granddaughter's face. She was 
her mothers'  
daughter, in her way she carried some of Washu in those green eyes!) 
Washu answered "Yes Dear, what do you want?" 
"Can I ask you a question?" asked Kat nervously 
"Sure, ask away," replied Washu! 
Kat looked nervously at her feet before saying anything.  
"I have never been in a real battle, at least not where I have special  
powers, or the fate of the universe is at stake." 
Washu looked sympathetic and held her hand. "Go on." 
Kat answered. "Well, I have all this power and I need to know will it 
protect me,  and those I love?  
Because, Nana, I'm scared!" 
Washu said, Honey, I know your scared, (she hugged her)  
I'm 20,000 years old and I am scared too. But, when you are called to 
help someone,  
especially when your family is threatened you have to do what must be 
done.  
You know you won't be alone, your father, My daughters, Tenchi, Ayeka , 
Kiyone and Mihoshi,  
and the cabbits will all be there at your side.  
You will have them to help you, and you to help them.  
And, Remember, Kendo killed everyone of your friends, and family, he 
destroyed your earth, your  
Galaxy, and your universe. Shouldn't he pay for what he did?" 
Kat looked into the woman who was her Nana back in her universe, now 
gone.  
That Washu was dead as were all those in that universe.  
Then it finally dawned on her what Washu was saying.  
"Yes, I understand, I have to do my best, not just for my Dad and the  
others, but for those who .  
Gee, Thanks, Grandma! (She hugged her again, Then as Kat turned to go,  
Washu asked....) 
"Dear can you do me 2 favors please? 
"Yes, Nana, of course!" replied Kat 
"First, You, and Mayuka are the only ones that can call me Nana, not  
Just Washu, or Little Washu, OK? 
Kat: OK, Nana! And the second favor? 
Washu: Please be careful and Remember, you'll have your  Great Aunt's 
Tokimi and Tsunami  
there too when the time comes, OK! They hugged and held each other 
tightly.  
With both shedding a few tears, then Kat let go and ran out of the Lab. 
Washu telepathically asked, "Sisters, please keep an eye on her" They 
replied affirmatively. 
Oh where are the cabbits? 
Nagi was hear calling her sisters name.  
"Ryoko, Ryoko, have you seen either of the cabbits?" asked Nagi as she 
was searching for Ken-oki. 
Ryoko replied, "You know Sis, "(she crossed her arms around her waist) 
"I haven't seen them for about 4 days!" 
Nagi: Well let's try the mind link and see where they ran off too"  
(Both had a snicker when they knew most animals of the opposite sex do 
when they get together)  
With in a few seconds they got an answer, ... but not what they wanted! 
Ryo-oki & Ken-oki answered; (meow meow meow!, craw, craw, craaaaw!)  
("What do you mean, Don't Bother us!! Remember fur ball, I am your 
boss,!") Ryoko railed.  
Nagi: tried. ("Hey Ken-Oki what are you two up to? (craw, craw, 
craaaaw!)  
None of my business, hey you little twerp!")  
All this was being said through the mind link both girls had with their 
cabbits.  
Then both cabbits cut the link leaving the sisters steaming!! 
They started to search for them. going through the house, then the 
grounds  
around the lake. Finally ending up at Ryoko's old cave.  
They heard a loud hiss, saw Ken-oki glaring and hissing at both of them.  
"What is going on with him Nagi, Can't you control him?" asked Ryoko.  
Nagi, pointing to the glaring cabbit said, "As you can see, they are 
acting odd!"  
Then, then both had the same idea and telepathically yelled "MOTHER"!! 
Washu replied, "Yes, My little girls What's the problem?" 
After being informed of the cabbit's odd behavior, Washu made her way 
from  
the house to the cave half up the mountain facing the lake and the 
house.  
When Washu Approached Ken-oki, he licked her hand and let her pass.  
This got the interest of Nagi and Ryoko tried to follow their mother , 
but were stopped by Ken-oki again. 
Nagi then asked Washu, "Mom, How come he won't let us in?"  
before an answer formed, Washu was heard saying, 
"Well, well, what do we have here"? 
"Well What do you have there Mom?" asked an exasperated Ryoko. 
Washu replied, "Well, it seems that our cabbits have been busy as 
bunnies, or cats or any 
other small animal at any rate!!!" 
Ryoko and Nagi: WHAT"!?!?! (said the sisters in a rising voice.) 
The girls were the astonished by the sight of Washu camping out  of the 
cave ... with 4 Cabbit eggs!  
Nagi said "Wow, I didn't know they could do that!" Ryoko  just whistled!  
Washu admonished her by saying, "How do you think they do it,  
you know cloning itself doesn't add to the population, (Holding up the 
Eggs) this does!"  
And, they (Ryo-Oki and Ken-Oki) want 4 specific people to get one each!"  
"Ryoko then asked, "Yeah, who?"  
Washu: One will be going to Mayuka, another to Katsurina, the 3rd to 
Mihoshi,  
the 4th to Ayeka!  
Ryoko nodded in agreement. "I can understand the first 2, they need a 
pet and ship while they grow  
up, ... but Mihoshi and Ayeka?" (Nagi shook her head in agreement)  
Washu explained. "Well, They want one for Mihoshi as a back-up for hers 
and Kiyone's ships,  
and one for Ayeka, so both of Tenchi's future wives would have a way to 
go to 2 different places, when needed."  
"Then why didn't Sasami get one? asked a curious Nagi.  
Washu explained with a incredulous look, "Since she is connected to 
Tsunami, and Tsunami IS a ship, she doesn't  
need a ship!  
"Yeah, I can see that, boy will they be surprised!" said Ryoko.  
Ken-Oki then said, "Meow, meow me-meow, meow! (With a big smile on his 
face!)  
Washu patted him on the head "Being a very proud father aren't you"  
Ryoko then added, "Ok, Well make sure to start more carrot gardens for 
each of them  
("Hiro and Tenchi Will not be happy about it!!") as she laughed!  
They all returned to the house, Ryoko flying home with a very tired Ryo-
Oki  
After the cabbits eggs were given to those selected, everybody thanked 
the cabbits  
with 2 big baskets of Carrots! 
Family Connection 
Hiro, Kat and Nagi were relaxing in the Onsen, after their workout.  
(Hiro was in another pool away from Nagi and Kat.) 
Nagi was hesitant, but said, "Kat, can I ask you a question?" 
Kat answered, "Yes Mom." (Nagi winced, still getting used to being 
called Mom by the green/gray eyed  
spiky Auburn haired girl.) 
"Can you tell me more about "your" Mom?" Nagi asked apprehensively. 
Kat's eyes start to tear up, Nagi holds her hand to comfort her.  
"She, you were a great Mom." (This caused Nagi to become stressed, Kat 
squeezed her  
hand) "It's OK." She took a breath. "She was my confidant, my mentor, my 
friend,  
and she was always there for me. 
"Well, how ... , how was she there for you?" Nagi was curious about her 
other self. 
Kat took a moment to contemplate. "For instance, when I had a question 
about boys,  
she wasn't like most Moms, you know being Uptight about discussing the 
opposite sex.  
She was candid, and said what was on her mind,  
and she never broke a promise she made to me." she sighed.  
"What I liked most about her was the way she cared for me and my Dad. 
She did the extra  
mile for us, Yet she also had a job to do, that's what got her killed, 
and I still  
have issues with that." Kat slowly started to cry, only a few tears at 
first. 
Nagi said "Well, As you might know I was brought up not just out of this 
country, but  
on another planet. I was up 'til a month ago a..." 
Kat: "... A Bounty Hunter, a person who hunts down criminals and either 
brings them in  
or collects the bounty on a corpse. Yeah I know what you've been doing." 
Nagi was completely floored by Kat's Knowledge of her, she asks,  
"How did you know all that? Who told you?"  
She was a little angry under the surface, but still calm on the outside 
at who she thought told Kat. 
Kat looked at Nagi's face and knew she was pissed.  
"Now I asked her to check up on you, and she already had the answers I 
was  
asking for." 
"WHO?" Nagi said, raising her voice. 
Kat looked down."Nana, but please ... don't be mad at her, I asked her 
remember.  
If your mad at someone, then it should be me! 
Nagi shut her eyes, then had a smile on her face. "I couldn't be mad at  
you. If a daughter popped into my life, I'd run a background check on 
her too,  
and no I am not mad at your Nana Washu, though I will speak to her.  
Kat looked at her apprehensively. "I promise not to get angry, OK.  
I can't stand if you were angry at me OK?? 
Kat: "OK, Mom" (the sincerity was felt by Nagi through their link) 
Nagi then went back to talking about her other self. "Well then What did 
she do?" 
"She was an associate Professor of Physics at Tokyo University, that's 
where  
Dad met her, they were graduate students, they fell in love and got 
married.  
I came a 2 years later, after they started working at the University."  
Then she let out a sigh.  
"That's what they were doing when the train accident happened,  
they were coming home and, and......" She started to cry, Nagi embraced 
her and  
let Kat cry on her shoulder, holding her tightly, like a mother should, 
comforting her. 
Nagi looked at Katsurina eye to eye.  
"I promise you that though I am not unlike her, I will always be there 
for  
you, and your father. Nothing is going to hurt you while I live and 
breath.  
I also promise to be your friend, and anytime you need an ear to listen,  
or a shoulder to cry on."  
Said with a laugh.  
"I'll be there for you."  
Kat hugged her even tighter.  
(Guess this is what it means to be a mother, at least a little part of 
it.) Nagi thought.  
  
Hiro heard the crying coming from the opposite end of the Onsen, he 
found his  
daughter comforted by the woman who meant more to him than his life, on 
seeing  
them cry, he dove in Nagi:  grabbed both of them, then he hugged them 
both, letting  
them cry on him. He calmed them both down, and telepathically asked,  
("What is wrong, why are you both crying?")  
Nagi then told him what had happened, and he then hugged them both more. 
Hiro kissed them both in the cheek.  
"I want to you both to know now that what ever happens, you are to 2 
most  
important people in my life and I love you both. Nothing bad will ever 
happen to  
you that I can help it. Please just be happy." They both smiled and 
started to  
calm down. "Let's just watch the stars go by" and for the next 2 hours 
they looked up  
at the stars, and talked about various things that a family might talk 
about.  
This night Hiro had his family back, though through a different path 
from when  
it started. 
Observation 
As Washu was working in her lab she thought to herself, she monitored 
what had  
occurred at the Onsen earlier, "Nagi, Kat and Hiro are starting to 
connect.  
Well, it's about time!" said Washu.  
"I would have thought it would have happen earlier, but due to all  
the big changes in their lives, it's good it finally happened. Nobuyuki 
and I have started on  
additional rooms, for them, and for any guest or future additions to the 
family!" 
As I was working with Nobuyuki ,I started to see less of the pervert he 
showed  
the others and more the more of a loving man who cared for his now huge 
family.  
I think I'm beginning to see the real Nobuyuki, the one Achika saw! She 
wondered somewhat.  
"I'll have to keep a eye on him. He can't be all bad, I mean Achika did 
marry  
him! Well, am I'm getting off track or what!  
I also saw the developing relationship of Nagi and Kat.  
They practice as much as they can, more to be together, rather than just  
imparting skills and knowledge. I can see Nagi enjoying her time with 
Kat.  
A New ritual I see is the three of them walking in the woods and around 
the  
lake, after dinner and they like each other's company.  
No wonder the scene at the Onsen played itself out like it did.  
I am getting glowing feelings from Nagi. I am getting the same feelings 
from Ryoko,  
The Future Princess of Jurai! She and Ayeka, who still fight on 
occasion,  
have become great friends. They remind me of Yosho's mother Funaho, and  
Masaki, Ayeka's and Sasami's mother, both Queens of Jurai, and married 
to Azusa,  
King of Jurai. I'll have to contact them with the latest, they always 
like to  
know what's going on with their children, since in some cases it 
involves my  
children too. Must be good to the future in-laws!  
I am glad for them. I have also gotten closer to my  
daughters. which brings a great warmth of my heart that I have not  
experience in over 20,000 years. I am now at my happiest!  
  
When 2 familiar entities appear in my lab. ("Right on time", Washu said 
to herself) 
Tsunami appears. "Washu, We need to talk to you!" 
Washu responds. "Well, sister what can I do for.... wait , WE?" 
Tokimi speaks. "Yes, sister dear, we need to talk!" 
Washu stares at her older sister. "What are you doing here, more over 
what do you want?" (more sternly) 
Tsunami trys to calm Washu. "Please, Washu listen to her, she has 
something important to say!" 
Washu: HER!" She shuts her eyes, counts to ten silently then says. 
"Well, it better be good!" (With a huff) 
Tokimi calmly answers. "I came to warn you. A certain person who is 
related to an old enemy  
of yours, is coming to wipe you and you family out! 
Washu smirks. "Oh. You mean Lord Kendo?" 
Both Goddesses gasped, "How did you know?" they both said in unison. 
Washu gives a cold glare at her older sister. "I know that he was once 
under your control Tokimi!" 
Tokimi nods "True, he was one of my champions." 
Washu rubs the bridge of her nose. "So, how is he so powerful?  
Don't tell me, he collapsed another dimension and  he took the dark 
matter to add to his power,  
am I right?" She glanced calmly from one , to the other. 
Tsunami had a confused look. "How did you know?" 
Washu waves her hand. "Well, my future son in law and  
granddaughter from that dimension have the light power for that 
dimension!!" 
Tokimi heavily sighs. "So, they did get through. I'm glad I got them out 
of there,  
before their dimension ceased to exist." 
"I suspected as much." Then looking with a comforting face, Washu smiled  
... and thanked Tokimi for helping Hiro and Kat.  
"Now, ... what is the price for your help?  
(Usually there was always a price to pay for Tokimi's help.)  
Tokimi. closed her eyes. "Nothing, ... this has affected me as well."  
(With a sincere look of Truth) 
Washu had a confused look on her face, but only for a minute. She kept 
her eyes on Tokimi.  
"So, how did Lord Kendo get away from you?" 
Tokimi answered. "He found out my technique of using other dimensions to 
power myself.  
I stopped him from learning the whole process, ... but, he did learn how 
to do it  
from one dimension, at a time. Then he disappeared and he learned how to 
hide from  
me. I cannot detect him anymore." 
Washu smiled. "Well, I know he's parked behind the earth's moon right 
now waiting for  
his chance to strike, and we're here waiting for his first move." 
Tsunami looks down ... then looks up at her sister ... with and with a 
heavy sigh.  
"Washu, you better know this, he retrieved his father's body, ... in 
hopes of reviving it. 
Washu, still not understanding the severity of what Tokimi said.  
"Well, who was his father?" 
"..." 
"Who?"  
  
"Kagato!!" 
Washu puts her hand in front of her face, In fright!  
   
  
Well, Just getting interesting, (I hope) Will the gang be ready for 
Kendo's  
coming attack? Will the various relationships be finalized?  
Well you'll just have to wait for the next chapter, 
Chapter 9: Calm before the Storm 
Se ya Next Tenchi-time, same Tenchi-Channel! 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------  
   
   
  
