Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are copyrights 
and  
trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it, 
so  
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).  
However, this  
story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please don't 
copy it and  
claim it as your own. Thanks to Tex James for Pre reading this Revision! 
Family and Friends! 
(  )= Mental thoughts 
" "= Verbal dialogue 
Chapter 6: Of Sorrow and Hope! 
Now we will meet 2 people who will either help the Masaki clan,  
or ... may hurt them as well. 
Okoyama Cemetery 
    The Rain was falling on a small group of mourners. They started to  
depart after the final prayer, leaving a man and a young girl hugging 
each  
other. the man's name was Hiro, 30 years old, with a mustache and 
goatee.  
(He looked very much like an older version of a certain Priest's 
grandson  
We all know!)  
His Daughter's name was Katsurina, 12 years old, with green-gray eyes 
and  
spiky reddish brunette hair. She was crying softly while her father held 
her. 
How had this happened? 
1 week ago, he and his wife was taking a commuter train home from Tokyo 
to Okoyama,  
where Hiro's family had lived  for over 700 years.  His Uncle was the 
shinto priest there,  
who tended the family shrine.  His grand nephew, Tenchi helped his uncle 
at the shrine  
while Hiro and his wife were Professors at Tokyo University.  
He, a social science professor, and she, a physics doctoral assistant. 
As he thought about the events that transpired last week, he felt as if 
this heart was cut in half.  
The train we were riding on suddenly and violently veered off the 
tracks.  
Hiro was thrown out of the car and landed in a lake not far from the 
tracks.  
His wife however was trapped in the sinking car.  
When Hiro got his senses back he swam towards the car,  
and dived several times to try to get into the car that held his dear 
wife without success. 
In time, ... all hope was lost and Hiro sat on the bank of the lake 
crying in a fetal position  
as Emergency personnel kept a watch on him.  
Hiro thought of the utter helplessness of it all.  
What was worse was that he now knew he had to tell his daughter that her 
mother ... was gone! 
Back Home 
That night was snowing when Hiro finally got home, picked up by his 
uncle and his father.  
Kat was asleep on the sofa and so Hiro requested that the rest of the 
family leave so he could talk to her.  
As he got her up , they went to the glass door to look out at their back 
yard.  
Snow had been falling since he got home. Kat was looking at the snow.  
She had always loved the snow,  
playing in it every chance she could. Having snowball fights, and making 
snowmen.  
Her mother was with her most of those times.  
Hiro stood by next to her as he slowly and quietly told Kat of her 
mother's fate.  
Slowly, she started to understand and she fell to her knees and started 
to cry uncontrollably,  
Hiro grabbed her and held her as he also started to cry for his love,  
as his feelings of mourning start to overtake him. "Oh, my love, Why 
you!?" cried out Hiro. 
Somber moods 
before the accident Kat (Katsurina's nickname) was full of energy and  
mischievousness,  now she's quiet and sullen.  
It had hit her hard that she had lost the person she had loved and 
confided with.  
Her mother was not just her mother but her friend as well.  
She had not attended any activities other than the funeral since the 
accident,  
mostly stayed in her room, or with her father.  
She was in a depressive state, more so than her father.  
As Hiro came back to reality he found himself and Katsurina were walking 
the  
1 mile from the burial place to their house, it was a scene of sorrow 
and anguish.  
  
As they were walking home a terrible earthquake shook the area as they 
tried  
to stay clear of any falling trees and poles. As they tried to make it 
to  
safety, a strange thing happened; 
as the earthquake ended and they started walking towards what remained 
of their house,  
a thunderous sound, sort of like a thousand trains, or a jet airplane 
was heard behind them.  
As they were turning around to see what made this noise, Hiro noticed an 
odd thing,  
all the sky was pure white, no clouds nor the blue of the atmosphere, 
the distant  
mountains started disappearing!  
As he saw this he came upon a hole hanging in front him.  
He recognized it as a rip in the space-time continuum.  
It was about 3 meters high by 2 meters wide.  
Kat gripped her father more as she was taking in all the odd sites she 
saw around her.  
As they looked around again more of the landscape was turning white,  
all the shapes smells, and colors ... where slowly disappearing. 
A Monumental Decision 
Hiro suddenly remembered something his wife had said several months 
before.  
She said that one of her colleagues had found at the center of the 
galaxy  
a pulsating white area that seemed to expand and retract at regular 
intervals.  
A "white hole", he thought, but this was not centered in one place, this 
was  
happening around them.  
This was the work of something unnatural. But, just then a voice 
telepathically came into their heads;  
"Jump through the hole, ... or you will die!"  
This made Kat cry out load, "Daddy, what was that?"  
But as Hiro saw he seemed to have no choice but obey, everything within 
100 meters was  
disappearing fast.  So, he waited till the last possible second, and 
they both jumped!  
  
Then another strange thing happened, first they seem to freeze in time 
and space,  
both aware they were frozen, and not being able to move.  
Then all the rest of the place where they were turned white.  
Then,  all that white nothingness started to flow into them!  
They both felt a tremendous pressure and pain building up inside them.  
It became so excruciating, ... they both passed out! 
"Good, They can't fee it anymore!" said an unnamed female voice.  
"D3, send them on their way to the predetermined destination!"  
The voice then said, "I hope they can help save us all!"  
"As you wish my lady" answered D3 .  
Hiro and Kat, filled with this positive energy that was once a part of 
their dimension,  
started falling toward the Masaki home's back yard. 
Next Chapter: The Trouble with Anomalies! 
How will these visitors react to and help the Masaki clan with the new 
threat above!  
check the next chapter to find out! 
Author's note: These two character's are from two different places.  
Hiro is basically another Tenchi from a different reality, while 
Katsurina and her personality is from another Fan fic author. I liked it 
and will use it in my story with the originator's permission  
You can check her stories at 
<http://www.fanfiction.net/profile.php?userid=36302>  
Ja Ne!  
   
  
