Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are copyrights 
and  
trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it, 
so  
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).  
However, this  
story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please don't 
copy it and  
claim it as your own. Thanks to Tex James for Pre reading this Revision! 
Family & Friends! 
(  )= Mental thoughts 
" "= Verbal dialogue 
Chapter 3. The Night Before... 
Nagi landed on the other side of the mountain facing the Masaki Home.  
"I wish I could go all out", Nagi thought to herself. What Nagi was 
disappointed  
about, was the fact of the bounty stating that Ryoko had to be taken 
Alive, ... not dead.  
"Oh well, I'll just be satisfied with just catching her, though I really 
wanted to test these new powers  
that I have to their fullest". This was foremost on her mind as she 
headed towards the house. 
Nagi was astonished in the fact that she was slowly starting to get all 
the  
powers that Ryoko had.  
Her power of flight,  being able to conjure up energy balls and demons,  
shooting daggers from her hair, and phasing through walls! 
This is how she had apprehended her bank robber bounty, by phasing 
through  
6 feet of solid rock and stunning him from behind to submission.  
"I'll wait till morning and call her out, then I'll use her own powers 
against  
her ...and capture her!" This was the most confident Nagi had been since 
the last time she faced off with Ryoko  
That was on Venus, where a certain Princesses inadvertent interference 
had turned the advantage to Ryoko.  
"Maybe an inadvertent stray energy ball might make it That Princesses  
way when I catch Ryoko" she thought to herself.  
Otherwise, she didn't have any problems with the rest of the household. 
But she knew she'd also may have to face Tenchi and his Jurai powers, 
and maybe even Ayeka.  
She didn't really count Mihoshi, or Kiyone, due to the fact that they 
didn't posses any real powers,  
but knew that Kiyone was a crack shot, and she had seen for herself how 
Mihoshi's clumsiness seem  
to have the most luck for her. 
She Also thought of Washu, Ryoko's mother. She knew The Mad scientist 
was formidable.  
But, if she struck hard and fast she was confident she could get Ryoko 
out to meet her,  
and away from the others.  
But, that will be seen in the morning. Nagi then sensed something in the 
back of her head.  
It was like a presence. Someone was somehow watching her.  
She searched the area where she hid and found nothing.  
Either way she stayed up the rest of the night, and started to prepare 
for the coming fight. 
At the Shrine Practice field; 
Tenchi, was walking down from the shrine after another workout with his 
grandfather, Katsuhito.  
He was wearing a smile, because this was the first time that he had won 
his first match against his grandfather,  
although it had been the first of 12 matches where he lost the rest!  
"Well, I have to start somewhere," he thought to himself as he grabbed 
the back of his head! 
"Tenchi, you seemed to have lost your concentration! said Katsuhito, 
Tenchi's Grandfather, and The Masaki Shrine keeper.  
"Do you have something occupying you thoughts?" 
Tenchi Replied. "Well, Grandpa, I know that soon, I'm going to have to 
make a decision ... about the girls! 
Katsuhito then said; "I think that since it has taken 5 years, and you 
still have not decided which one has your heart,  
don't you think that the decision isn't which , ... but what! 
Tenchi was trying to understand the mystic advice from the ex-Prince of 
Jurai,  
"Oh, Grandpa, I don't understand which you mean? What is What?" 
Tenchi's Grandpa gave his answer with a whack on the back of Tenchi's 
head! 
"Maybe that should clear your thoughts!" Then the elderly looking priest 
walked back to the shrine. 
"Hey, Grandpa Why did you whack me like that?" (but by the time he 
finished Katsuhito was gone!)  
"Man, One day I'll beat him, May be on month, but more likely in a 
year!" thought Tenchi. 
As Tenchi got up and started down the shrine's steps he thought of what 
Katsuhito had said,  
And with a realization of a holy man, Tenchi go the "What" that Yousho 
was speaking.  
This advice cause Tenchi to re-think the decision between Ayeka and 
Ryoko  
would be made sooner that even he had thought. 
Tenchi's thoughts; 
As he walked he was thinking of the past 3 years, and marveled at the 
effect  
his Little Mayuka has had on his family.  
Starting with his father and grandfather,  who lavished their own form 
of affections on her,  
to Kiyone and Mihoshi, who baby sat every chance they got,  
to Sasami, trying to be a big sister to May,  
to Washu who as Tenchi has seen himself shown more open affection for 
her that he has seen with Ryoko. 
Of course Ryoko shuns most open affections Washu sends her way  
and Tenchi can see in Washu's eyes the disappointment she feels.  
She tries to cover it up with her witty and off the cuff remarks.  
But that deep and open wound between mother and daughter is till there  
and Tenchi says to himself, "I need to help them in anyway I can to 
bring them together."  
  
Finally, he thinks of Ayeka and Ryoko!  
How can he choose between them?  
They each had an equal part of his heart, and he knew it.  
But, even though they have been with him over 5 years, he knew that this 
was a relationship that  
had to change.  
He then thought of Katsuhito's advice. With that thought in his mind ,  
he walked through the sliding glass door in the living room, and greeted 
Sasami,  
who was watching Sailor Moon on the TV. 
Dinner time, Observations and voices! 
"Tenchi-niichan, Is grandfather joining us for  
dinner tonight", asked a now a 13 year Old Sasami. 
"Yeah, he said he'd come tonight!" Tenchi answered 
"Can you please get the rest of the family for dinner, Tenchi-niichan?" 
She asked.  
"Of course Sasami.  
Tenchi went up to Washu's Door, he knocked and said, "Little Washu, 
Dinner time!" 
"I'll be there in a minute Tenchi Dear"! 
When the rest of the Gang came down after Tenchi informed them of Dinner 
being ready.  
They sat down to dinner, everyone was surprised when an adult Washu 
joined them. 
"Mom, Why are you in this form? I'm not complaining, ... but why? 
"Well, I think I need to grow up, start facing the fact that I am 20,000 
years old,  
not Just 12,000, HAHAHAHA!" cackled Washu. 
"Well it figures she'd do this now" Said Ryoko sarcastically. 
"No my Little Ryoko, I just want to be realistic about some things that 
may be coming up soon!"  
said a now puzzling Washu  
This threw Ryoko for a loop "Boy was that Cryptic!!" she thought.  
She gave her a quizzed look at Washu as they continued to enjoy the 
meal. 
Tenchi was observing this when, to his surprise he heard some parts of 
what he thought was their  
conversation, but they weren't talking.  
Then something strange happened (even for this house) he jumped in his 
seat when he could hear Ayeka thinking,  
"well that was strange" but what was stranger is the fact that not a 
sound came out of her mouth!  
Washu, then started observing this obvious reaction and mentally noted 
to herself to Scan Tenchi,  
Ryoko, and Ayeka while they slept, due to the fact that he had a strange 
look  
when he was watching Ryoko. 
Then jumped as he gave a strange look toward Ayeka.  
A second later Ayeka had a strange look upon her face as she seemed to 
sense what ever Tenchi was feeling  
"Oh my It's starting to happen, even here on Earth," thought Washu,  
that Jurian power of the bonds of love are forming between Tenchi and 
the girls.  
Washu knew that Jurians, All Jurians, had a telepathic power. To a 
larger degree in the Royal Family,  
and to a lesser degree with the general populous.  
That they all can sense the emotions of those they love.  
Some also had the ability to being able to speak telepathically to them, 
as Washu and Ryoko have.  
"Well All, I have several experiments going on in the lab, so I will be 
in there Late tonight."  
With that, she got up, thanked Sasami for an excellent dinner, and left 
the dining room, for her lab. 
In Washu's Lab; 
"Well tonight I'll have to work overtime to see how all this will work 
out tomorrow,  
When All hell breaks loose!!". With that Washu let out a loud and 
reverberating cackle of a laugh.  
Washu Began Monitoring as soon as the girls went to the patio. 
A fateful Meeting; 
Tenchi then asked both girls to meet him outside on the patio after 
dinner.  
Both Ayeka and Ryoko, were both exited and nervous, the both thought,  
"What does he want with both of us?" They looked at each other with some 
surprise  
because they had thought that they had heard an echo in their heads.  
Both then Shrug it off. Tenchi then asked them if he could to put May to 
bed.  
Something that both the girls traded off on. They accepted. He and 
Mayuka went upstairs. 
Ayeka: "What do you think he wants to talk to us about, Ryoko?" 
Ryoko: "I don't know, I'm afraid to know!", said with apprehension in 
her  
voice! 
Ayeka: "I know what you mean, I am afraid, too" 
Then they looked up to see the light go out in Mayuka's room. they 
looked at  
each other with worried looks. A minute later they saw their beloved 
Tenchi,  
Sliding the glass door shut and sitting down with them on the wooden 
Patio. 
As He looked at both of them, he became nervous. But after a pause to 
collect himself, he began. 
"Girls, I want to ask you something, but understand if this is a bit out 
of the ordinary!" 
"Isn't anything that happens in this house out of the ordinary!!" said 
Ryoko 
"Yes, your right," Tenchi said with a chuckle, this relaxed the 
atmosphere  
between them. So Tenchi began asking his questions. 
Tenchi turned to Yaeka. "Ayeka, Can you tell me if Jurians are 
telepathic?" 
She thought, then replied. "Well, Lord Tenchi, Jurians have had varying 
degrees of telepathic abilities  
for millennia, it's like a natural part of us". 
"And," added Ryoko, "those of royal blood have a higher sensitivity to  
telepathic thoughts than the average Jurian. Of course having a mother 
like  
mine means it can also be done artificially through scientific methods" 
"Well, If that's the case, I'd like both of you to think of a thought or  
phrase, or something significant to you, "asked Tenchi. 
"Why?" They asked. 
He replied; "Just Humor me girls." 
So Ryoko and Ayeka thought of something important to them, they both 
thought  
of Tenchi, and how much they loved him.  
When Tenchi sensed this, he looked surprised, then a smile started 
creeping up on his face.  
When both girls saw this, they each thought, ("Does he really know what 
I was thinking?") 
Then they were surprised with a single telepathic answer;  
Tenchi: ("I know and I feel the same way about the both of you!") 
Both Girls then almost fell off their chairs!  
Then in silence All 3 started to talk to each other telepathically.  
Washu was continuing to monitor what was going on and with a grin, 
started to nod yes! 
("I now know that both of you deeply love me and I can't choose between 
you",  
both girls gasped. " so, (With a Long Pause) I will have  to choose both 
of you!") 
Ayeka then started to have a look of realization, and a great smile 
began to  
form on her face, she then looked at Ryoko, who was thoroughly confused. 
"Grandpa and I had a talk about you two, and he reminded me,  
that as a Crown Prince of Jurai, I can have more than one wife!  
When Ryoko heard this, she slowly started to understand Tenchi's 
statement 
Then It was Tenchi's turn when Both girls smiled at each other and 
glumped him  
Together! 
Tenchi finally started to realize why they did this when they 
telepathically  
said; "We had a similar talk earlier", said Ayeka.  
Then Ryoko telepathically said "I was the one that said I'd think about 
it,  
"well I thought about it &.....]. [AND WHAT] said Ayeka and  
Tenchi, [Well, ... YES YES YES YES!!] answered a smiling Ryoko.  
All three jumped around and yelled. Then Each of them hugged the others!  
All the noise alerted the rest of the house, and when the others came 
out (with the exception of Mayuka)  
onto the patio, Tenchi asked everyone to sit down. Most noticed Ayeka 
and Ryoko in  
giddy mood. a strange sight for most indeed  
Kiyone was having an uneasy feeling,  
"They look too chummy, sitting next to each other, wait a minute 
something's up...." ,  
as she thought this Tenchi started to speak; 
"As All you know by now We have had a great 5 years since you all came 
to  
live here, and before I say anything else, I'd like to say that I love 
you all  
with A deep love ,and respect for you. (some of the girls were 
exchanging apprehensive looks)  
But, there comes a time when things change, (Kiyone and Mihoshi looked 
at one  
another, While Washu held Sasami's hand).  
I have thought long and hard about this.  
Something happened tonight that made my mind up." Tenchi then turned to 
Washu. 
"Washu, Do you know of the Bonding?" Tenchi asked.  
"Bonding, is that a new snack?" Asked Mihoshi  
Everybody Face faulted!  
Washu Looking at Mihoshi with an exasperated look said,  
"Ahh, Yes of course Tenchi, It is a telepathic link that naturally 
develops between people who truly love one another,  
usually between husbands & wives, or parents & their children."  
"Thank you Washu" said Tenchi.  
I have a link with Mayuka, and I know Washu has one with Ryoko, and Ryo-
oki!  
"Boy I can attest to that. Said Ryoko. Washu rolled her eyes in 
disbelief.  
Tenchi Continued; "Well tonight I formed a link with the ones I truly 
love and gave my heart to.  
With that Ryoko stood up and held Tenchi's left hand, while Ayeka stood 
on his right, holding his right hand.  
A look of shock and then realization came over the rest of the family.  
Then Tenchi turned around and acting on his true feelings Tenchi bent 
down on one  
knee, and said, "I know deep in my heart that I love you both equally 
and truly. He took out two Black boxes  
I cannot live with out you both, so in front of my friends and family, 
(he paused) Will you both marry me? 
The look of shock now passed to Ryoko and Ayeka, who took what seemed to 
both girls like an eternity,  
(It was about 2 seconds) to answer!  
Both looked at each other, then Tenchi, and said in unison, YES!!!!!!  
With that the Tenchi household was never the same! 
The aftermath; 
Then as the jubilation and congratulations continued, Washu, asked all 
of them to quiet down and then filled them in on a  
certain visitor across the lake.  
With the established mind link between Ayeka, Tenchi, Ryoko and Washu 
she telepathically sent them the plan.  
As the rest of the family was guided into the house, Kiyone, Mihoshi, 
Nobuyuki and Sasami where likewise informed.  
They then prepared quickly to get the plan into action. Now Nagi, the 
bounty hunter, was about to become the hunted!  
   
  
Well, How is it so far. I know I had a bit of a run-on sentence in 
several  
places, but when I write I just type on to my keyboard & let go, so 
forgive  
me! Well next comes the climactic battle, or is it anti-climactic?? 
Well, we will see!!  
This is a revision of my 1st ever Fan-Fic. So, I hope you can give me 
some  
constructive Criticism! Please e-mail me at <dennis_d@popmail.firn.edu>  
  
