Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are copyrights 
and  
trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it, 
so  
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).  
However, this  
story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please don't 
copy it and  
claim it as your own. Thanks to Tex James for Pre reading this Revision! 
Family and Friends! 
(  )= Mental thoughts and/or telepathic dialogue 
" "= Verbal dialogue 
Hiro Is my own character, an older Tenchi from another dimension with a 
daughter,  
and Katsurina is a RPG character from Katsurina's Dragonball-Z Fan-Fics 
Chapter 10: Fireballs and Light wings Combined 
The Practice Session 
Washu was watching her monitors as she typed in commands on her floating  
holopad.  
"Well, I see my replicants are working nicely." Then Washu continued  
"I'm sure if those who I think are watching, will accept this as the 
genuine articles,  
then the gang can keep practicing in the subspace danger room I built 
for them.  
Well, I go see how they're doing!"  
And with that a dimensional door opened and Washu walked in. 
As Washu became adjusted to the all white area around her, she walked to 
the  
patio area floating before her (An exact copy of Tenchi's Patio beside 
his house)  
she then whipped out 2 holopads, each gathering data on the 2 separate 
groups  
who where practicing their fighting skills with each other. 
On her right was Nagi, Kat and Hiro, sparing in group and individually,  
with the group on the left, Ayeka, Ryoko and Tenchi.  
A each group fought with the other showing all forms of power and  
skills, sometimes in combination or individually. They kept coming up 
with skills and  
power that weren't there before.  
It was as though each one was adding each others skills to their own as 
they sparred.  
Of all of them Only 2 seem to hold back in their powers. 
("Each groups mind links seem to be helping them,  
but Tenchi, and Hiro seem to pull up on most of their punches, kicks, 
and  
sword swings as was Kat. They need to push more, get more of their power 
to flow, and not pull back  
when fighting their friends,") thought Washu. 
As an example, Ayeka was sparring with Kat, and although Ayeka has great  
power, Kat has the light power of half a dimension!  
Washu then told all of them to take a break,  
but she asked Tenchi and Hiro to stay. 
Washu said, "Hiro, you and Tenchi have to practice separate from the 
rest at least once a day"  
I then confronted them about my observations, and they confirmed that 
yes,  
they were holding back!  
Hiro nodded, "I know I am, because I don't want to incinerate one of my 
friends!"  
Tenchi added, "I don't want any of them to get hurt either!"  
Washu sighed. "Well OK, so go spar and this time don't hold back, it's 
just you two and so you  
should be able to handle it!" 
Washu's POV  
With that, they both returned and then started powering up.  
Now let me explain what I mean by powering up;  
They first concentrated, and then a white aura appeared around Hiro,  
while Tenchi's light hawk wings deployed.  
Then, my measurements on their power scale went off the charts!  
then their hair stood on end and glowed white!  
Now, Ryoko had told me some time ago that she had through her travels, 
gone to the other side of the galaxy  
and found another planet called earth, though smaller, and with less 
continents. And on that planet she told me of several people who had 
super powers. They called themselves Z-Warriors, and had these same type 
of auras and hair, that Hiro was showing. but theirs were yellow and 
with much less power. 
They started with hand to hand combat, then each produced a light sword 
and started sparring with them.  
At this point I called the rest of the house in (Making sure Nagi had 
her link closed),  
and then proceeded to explain the problem.  
I told them that both Hiro and Tenchi had too much power. So much that 
either of them could not just destroy a plant, but the whole Galaxy! 
Then as I let that sink in, I reminded them that Lord Kendo, who we knew 
we would be meeting soon, had the same equivalent dark powers.  I then 
called Hiro and Tenchi in and explained the problem to them. Hiro, then 
suggested that we need to have a "game plan" ready to deal with this. I 
said I already did and then started to explain how we all would work 
together to fight and defeat Lord Kendo.  
(I even called in Tsunami and Tokimi via mind link).  
4 hours later, after I almost throttling Mihoshi for the 5th time. we 
concluded our strategy session,  
and went back to the house. 
After a very somber and quiet dinner, Tenchi, Ryoko and Ayeka tucked 
Mayuka to bed, and went for a walk.  
Sasami, Kat & Ryo-Oki all went to their bedroom to play and gossip.  
Lord Yousho went back up to the shrine. Curiously, I saw Tokimi give a 
fleeting look to the shrine keeper before vanishing.  
Nagi and Hiro went to their bedroom (I'd better set up some surveillance 
there!) mmmm!  
Mihoshi and Kiyone went out on patrol will keep an eye out for Kendo.  
Finally, I headed towards my lab, when Nobuyuki called to me from the 
couch where he was sitting.  
He motioned for me to sit down and after what I had seen before, and 
being curious, I complied. 
A confession 
Washu asked the first question, "Well what do you want Nobuyuki?" 
Nobuyuki looked nervous and quiet, not a normal trait that he had shown 
previously.  
"Well, (Stammering) I,,, would like to ask you something!" 
Washu sensed he was going to ask her something important.  
("I'm starting to feel nervous! I hadn't felt this way for a long 
time!") "Well what is it?" 
Nobuyuki finally asked. "I would first ask if I could see you in your 
adult form if it's not too much trouble for you?  
But it it's too much trouble,..."? 
"It's ok." ("Should I really do this?  OK, I'll do it, and I'll see what 
his reaction is") "OK!"  
I then changed before his eyes to my adult form.  
His eyes grew to the size of saucers and he had a tear drop on his head 
the size of Tokyo! 
"Ahhh, Ahhhh  Well." He composed himself, and looked down on his lap 
when he asked,  
"Will you be going with the others up there to face this Lord Kendo?" 
Washu looked confused. "Well, Yes! I had to coordinate the battle plan 
we had discussed earlier today."  
She batted her eyes at him to unnerve him even more, "Why do you ask, 
Nuuuubi?"  
I then put my hand on his shoulder to see if I got a reaction, he shot 
up about 4 feet off the couch!  
After he settled down he continued," Ahh, Well I just wanted to know 
where you'd be!" 
"Why are sooo concerned over little old me, Nubi?" Washu started 
snuggling up to him,  
A dribble of blood came from his nose. 
As a sweat drop formed on the back of Nobuyuki's head, "I wanted to know 
you' d be safe Th-That's all!!" 
Washu saw the concern in his face, and seriously said,  
"I'm touched! I didn't know you were really concerned about me." 
Washu watching the serious look on his face "I care about all of my 
family," (Pause)  
"Especially you Miss Washu!" 
Washu replied "I see that by the look in your face your serious!" 
Nobuyuki answered back, "I am! I want to ask you a question,  
but I can wait till we are finished with the current crisis! If it's OK 
with you?" 
Washu was taken back by his forwardness, there was no hint of Hentai in 
it.  
"Well, Ok. I'll wait if you can do me a favor?" 
Nobuyuki curiously asked, "What is it Miss Washu?" 
Washu looked into his eyes, "When we are talking to each other alone!" 
"Yes?" he replied. 
Washu looked down, then said. "You, alone can call me Washu!" 
Nobuyuki looked surprised. "Really?" 
Washu smiled. "Yes, Nubi!" I then got up and kissed him in the forehead, 
and quickly walked to my lab door.  
I then looked back to see his hand on his forehead, his head turned 
towards me with a red faced grin on it.  
I just cackled, grinned and entered my Lab! 
A conversation 
Tenchi, Ryoko and Ayeka had stopped on the opposite end of the lake and 
sat down on a large flat rock, with Tenchi in the middle, between Ryoko 
and Ayeka flanking him.  
He put his arms around his fiances, with a look of concern. 
Tenchi started by saying, "Girls I am really worried about what we're 
dealing with here!" 
Ryoko with a look of concern answered, "What do you mean Tench?" 
"Yes, why Lord Tenchi?" Ayeka added her concern as well. 
"I don't know if we have enough power to be able to last against this 
Lord Kendo?" He sighed.  
"I don't like the idea that 1 guy has half the power of a whole 
dimension at his disposal,  
as well as his current power from our own." 
Ayeka then answered, "Well, I see it as always, we go into these 
conflicts with this sense of trepidation,  
yet we triumph over all of our foes. I think we should see it more 
positively." 
Ryoko grimaced. "Now wait a minute Princess, you know this Kendo 
character is a different pain in the butt because of that dimensional 
power his has. He might be able to just look at you and will you to 
death.  
I frankly don't like that power and I also don't like where this plan of 
Washu's is leading!" 
Tenchi looked surprised. "Ryoko, Why are you concerned?  
Washu's plans at least for when we had to fight before have always been 
good!" 
Ryoko sighed and grabbed his hand. "No, Tenchi you don't understand, I 
am scared that one or more of us will get hurt due to the fact that we 
have new members of the family fighting along side us,  
and I don't really know if we can all work together well enough,  
so that Washu can put us back together in one piece! 
Ayeka realized, "Your worried about your mother, and your sister aren't 
you!" 
Ryoko getting angry, "You see, this is why I have had a hard time with 
Washu, Now you are reading my thoughts!  
She sees the concern and hurt in Ayeka's eyes and simmers down. "I'm 
sorry Ayeka, I just know that she will be a target of Kendo's, I just 
feel powerless when it comes to a megalomaniac who has the power to 
snatch someone dear to me and I can't do a thing about it!" both girls 
then hold hands. 
Tenchi then takes their remaining hands. "Listen to me Ryoko, I have the 
utmost confidence in this family being there for all of us." 
Ayeka added, "Tenchi's right! I know I can count on anyone of us in this 
family to back us up  
and help us when we're in trouble!" She looked into her friends eyes. 
"Ryoko, hasn't these passed few month's proven to you that!" (Almost 
tearing up) 
Ryoko hugs Ayeka. "I'm so sorry, it's just I worry about all of us, and 
I can't stand losing anyone in my family.  
With that Tenchi hugged Ryoko, then Ayeka! They got up and were walking 
to their house when they heard high pitched screaming! 
All three powered up, Ryoko in her fight suit, making a light sword and 
flying ahead, Tenchi and Ayeka running, and converting to their Juri 
fighting gear, Tenchi with his sword, Ayeka with her floating logs.  
As they neared the house, Ryoko instinctively flew into Mayuka's room,  
and a few seconds later yelled out a load , "NNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOO! SHE'S 
GONE!!!" 
Kidnapped! 
Washu, through the mind link alerted those linked of the situation. They 
all gathered in the living room, and the plan was set in motion, The 
Yagami with Mihoshi, Her cabbit Mi-ki-oki, and Kiyone was waiting on the 
near side of the moon,. Ken-oki with Nagi and Washu took position on 
Yagami's left side, Ryo-Oki with Tenchi and Ryoko on Yagami's right. 
Hiro, With Mayuka's cabbit May-oki, and Kat with her Cabbit Mia-oki 
stayed on the patio waiting for the signal for them to join the fight at 
the appropriate time.  Sasami Yousho, and Nobuyuki stayed at the house, 
to wait for word on the battle and to be a last line of defense. Ayeka 
with her cabbit Ten-Ro-oki formed up behind Yagami and all 4 ships 
started moving toward the backside of the Moon to find Lord Kendo , his 
ship the "New Souja,  
and the now missing Mayuka!  
  
As the four ships  came around the moon, they spotted a large ship that 
looked like an exact copy of the Souja.  
But under closer inspection. it had protrusions of metal extensions much 
like the cabbit ships.  
Washu nodded. "Well, clever, he must have gotten his hands of some plans 
I left on the Space Academy's database for this type of modifications. 
Well, We'd better get this plan started." She mentally linked to Ryoko, 
and Nagi.  
They then mind linked to their loved ones who had themselves linked 
(Hiro, Kat, Ayeka, Tenchi, and Mihoshi) 
("Mihoshi? How come I can mind link with you??") Thought Washu 
("Well, it could be that we bumped heads long ago and now we can think 
to each other!!") thought Mihoshi 
(No, please no I can't be linked to that scatterbrain, she might confuse 
us. I'll have to investigate this later,  
maybe check her DNA.) thought Washu  
"Mihoshi, Tell you what, get off the mind link and if we need to contact 
you, we'll call you on the radio OK?!" 
Mihoshi answered, "Well, since you put it that way, OK!" 
(Whew!!, That will help a hole bunch) thought Washu  
("OK, All of you go to your stations around that ship.")  
As they approached, they noticed they weren't fired upon until they got 
to 300 meters of Kendo's ship,  
then ... all, hell broke loose! 
As per the plan, Ayeka's cabbit Ten-Ro-oki hung back to serve as a 
medical EVAC  
for anyone injured during the fight, though Ayeka herself will be 
joining the fight. 
Juri-Oki said, "Jiow Jiow. Ji-ow!" 
Ayeka sighed at the New cabbits comments. "Yes, yes I'll be careful, 
just you keep those that are sent to you safe, OK? 
Jrui-oki happily replied, "JIOW!!" 
In Ken-oki, Washu was coordinating the attack; 
Ryu-Ohki: swept in and beamed Tenchi and Ryoko into a port side room on 
the massive ship,  
Nagi and Ayeka (who had just beamed over from Ten-Ro-oki) beamed to the 
starboard side of the massive ship.  
All made there way through many different defense systems and traps to 
reach the central room on the ship.  
After fighting androids, laser banks, and several missiles batteries, 
they made it to the room.  
Standing on the far end next to a replica of the Organ that Kagato had 
on his ship the Souja,  
stood A Tall young man. It was Kendo. He then addressed his opponents. 
Kendo evilly smirked, "Well you didn't have to send a welcoming 
committee, I would have come by invitation!" 
Ryoko barely holding herself in check, "Where's Mayuka, you bastard! If 
you harmed her in any way  
I'll rip you to pieces!" 
Tenchi added, "I want my daughter back NOW!" 
Ayeka also added, "You have kidnapped a Royal Princess of Jurai, I will 
not stand for it, return her immediately! 
Kendo laughed, "Well, well 2 mothers and One father, I hope you won't 
waste you credits on a lot of Psychotherapy  
for the little brat." He gauged their reaction and then continued, 
"Better yet, why don't I snuff out her dreary life, she's about as 
worthless as my sisters and my mother who betrayed my father over such a 
little problem called universal domination!" All turned to Washu who was 
startled at this revalation, but had suspected it anyway. 
Nagi angrily, "Well Brother and I use that term loosely, if you want to 
father any children in the future,  
you'd best return my niece NOW!"  
As this conversation was happening, another tall figure came out of the 
shadows behind them!  
Ryoko seeing who it was had an ashen look, Nagi grew more angry, and 
powered up her sword. 
Kagato finally spoke! "My, my, what a family reunion, Mother, father, 
son, and daughters, plus the in-laws too. Well hip hip hooray! Let's 
start this "Party"! 
Washu said through a view screen said "KAGATO YOU SON OF A BITCH, Don't 
harm a hair of my grand daughter's head." 
Kendo then turned to his father. "You know what dad, let's end this 
pathetic excuse for a family,  
grab Katsurina, keep Mayuka and Kill all these rejects!  
Kagato smiled. "Love to son, after you!" 
Kendo launches himself at the nearest two opponents, Nagi and Ayeka. 
Working through the mind link with Washu, they coordinate their defense 
and attack against Kendo, While Kagato with that maniacal grin starts 
fighting with Tenchi and Ryoko.  
Within one minute Tenchi uses the Light Hawk Wings, and then surprising 
everyone ,but Washu,  
Ryoko develops four Light Hawk Wings.  
As the combatants fight, it is soon clear that Ayeka and Nagi are 
getting their tails kicked.  
While Tenchi and Ryoko have held their own.  
But The four know that the power of the dark matter have not been used 
by either Kendo or Kagato. 
Washu knows that Ayeka and Nagi might fall soon, so she summons Hiro and 
Kat!  
Kat's Cabbit Mya-oki comes screaming over the moon's north pole and 
starts firing on Kendo's ship.  
All the cabbits maneuver and almost like a machine gun, get telling 
shots on Kendo's ship.  
But, the fire fight doesn't seem to phase Kendo or Kagato, who keep the 
intense blows and sword swings to their opponents. All four then start 
through the link to share each others powers. All four now have Jurian 
Log shields,  
All now have two light hawk wings, and all have added the power sword to 
what they have already.  
But, this doesn't last for long. 
Kendo throws Ayeka is towards a bulkhead and she crashes down to the 
ground, Nagi, also badly injured, then teleports both of them to Ten-Ro-
oki and puts Ayeka's battered unconscious body into a stasis tube.  
As Nagi and Ayeka phased out, Ryoko left Tenchi's side and engaged 
Kendo.  
Then behind each of the malevolent Lords materialized two new figures 
in  battle suits similar to Ryoko,  
floating in mid air!  
Before either villain could react a bright energy of light hit both of 
them knocking each to the opposite wall,  
each making a two foot deep dent. Hiro and Kat had made their presence 
known.  
  
Well, more family members I see, come to join our party. Well let me 
welcome you both",  
and Kagato shot two black balls of energy at both Kat, who was behind 
Kendo and Hiro. Hiro and Kat were dressed in similar costume as Ryoko, 
only in teal and black {Hiro}, and green and black {Kat}, with the Tai-
Chi medallions glowing white on their chests. 
Hiro screamed, "You try to hurt my family and friends, you also seemed 
to have something that doesn't belong to you, Kendo! 
Kendo smirked at the new warrior. "And what is that you worm!" 
Hiro answered. "Well its the dark powers of a certain dimension, mainly 
MINE. Dimension 4436 to be exact." 
Kagato asked as he fought Hiro and Tenchi. "Kendo didn't you tell me you 
destroyed that dimension so we could have this delicious dark matter? 
Kendo now looked concerned. "Yes Father, but if he is from that 
dimension, then he carries the rest of the matter we couldn't get!" 
Hiro added. "And, I mean to get all the matter from my dimension, there 
by killing the 2 of you!" 
Kat smiled. "I can't wait to show them how DAD! 
Kagato looked surprised. "She's you daughter?!?" 
Hiro nodded at his opponent. "Mine and Nagi's!" 
Kendo said, "Well, let your uncle Kendo welcome you to his dimension." 
He threw a Dark matter stream at Kat who powered up and deflected the 
stream into a bulkhead. It ripped through the bulkhead  
and made it into the engine room. 
In an instant, the New Souja was a fireball, with all combatants still 
aboard! 
"NO,NO,Nooooooooo!, yelled Nagi and Washu, some distance away on the 
Yagami  
Kiyone started to cry. "No, we couldn't have lost all of them 
,no,no,.no!" She cried  
as Mihoshi sat there shocked at the scene developing in front of her. 
As the fire blast subsided there was shown an incredible sight; 
Tenchi and Kat in an energy bubble sending energy bolts and the Light 
Hawk Wings at Kendo, while Hiro and Ryoko was doing the same to Kagato. 
Seems Hiro and Kat switched opponents during Souja's explosion.  
Kagato then tried to mentally control Ryoko, just like before so many 
years ago!  
But, Washu had anticipated that and gave all an injection of a medicine 
that blocks mental controls,  
though the mind link was not affected. 
Ryoko laughed at Kagato, "No more mind games, time to settle this once 
and for all!"  
She charged Kagato who released a dark matter bolt of energy. it 
enveloped and her tried to dissipate her.  
But just as it was trying to do that, Hiro came up and absorbed the dark 
matter. Ryoko was badly injured and Hiro instantly transmitioned her to 
Nagi on Ten-Ro-oki. Hiro looked at Nagi, and kissed her.  
As he teleported back he said "Don't believe what you see," and with a 
smile hs disappeared! 
That left Tenchi, Hiro and Kat to battle Kendo and Kagato. 
Washu, now put plan B into effect. Mentally she told those left to be 
ready. 
Hiro and Katsurina then began to power up like they hadn't done before 
in the danger room. 
To their amazement, as Hiro and Tenchi powered up, distracting Kendo and 
Kagato,  
Kat grabbed Mayuka who was floating in a reinforced stasis tube, and was 
teleported to Ken-oki. 
Now the final Battle started. as Hiro faced off with Kendo and Tenchi 
against Kagato,  
the other on the various cabbit ships stood and watched. 
After several power balls and power bolts were exchanged, light swords 
materialized  
and they started to parry.  
The fight being out in space was silent except for the mental links to 
each combatant.  
As the fight went on Hiro suffered a  a broken arm and hand from one of 
Kendo's blows. 
Kendo: "Now my brother in-law, I will make you my Ryoko and I'll control 
you and your power." 
Tenchi sent a Jurai power blast to Kendo's chest, as it hit, Hiro, who 
was in front of Kendo ducked,  
The blast made a 8 inch hole in Kendo.  
He girggled and gasped, then before he could react Hiro drove her light 
sword through the rest of Kendo,  
and sliced him in half.  
He started disappearing, as he did Hiro laid his hand on his chest 
absorbing the dark matter he had, then a circular object about a foot 
wide papered and sucked into itself what was left of Kendo's chi or 
essence.  
The medallion on Hiro's chest changed from all white to the Tai-chi 
Symbol, he had now a balance of powers.  
Kagato, witnessing this started to unmercifully attack Tenchi.  
He knew now that he was out numbered and out powered.  
By eliminating Tenchi quickly, he would only have to deal with Hiro.  
But, before he could force his attack, Lady Tokimi, Lady Washu, and Lady 
Tsunami  
formed a circle around Kagato as a wounded Hiro and Tenchi stood with 
the Goddesses. 
Tokimi Spoke: Kagato, you have not only threatened my family, but the 
very fabric and of space and time,  
and for that we cannot allow you to go on! You will join you son in the 
oblivion he created when he destroyed Dimension 4436. You will reside 
for all eternity with your son there. No light sound, no smell, no taste 
can be felt there.  
Kagato enraged yelled out.  
"I cannot believe you Lady Tokimi would allow yourself to be influenced 
by these common mortals."  
Tokimi smiled at that comment. "They are not common, they are  ... my 
family!"  
Then all three  goddesses joined hands and started spinning around 
Kagato.  
Hiro and Kat appeared in front and behind him, as the goddesses powers 
held him in place, Tenchi lent his powers as well.  
Kagato angrily said, "This is hardly fair, can't you let me fight my 
last fight?"  
Hiro responded. "NO! I want you in that void that was my home where not 
only did you and your son kill everything in that dimension but you also 
tried to become malevolent beings with no regard for the lives of anyone 
you killed,  
all in the name of science an power." Then he  sighed at the thought of 
those who died in their hands.  
"I want you to think for eternity, and maybe, just maybe you will regret 
what you did to Ryoko, Nagi, and all the Billions you killed. 
With that said, Tokimi opened a rip in time and space, first to go was 
the sphere containing Kendo's chi, then as Kagato watched in horror, Kat 
and Hiro touched him, drew out the dark matter. Then there was a 
horrendous explosion occurring as Kagato's essence was being put through 
the Rift. It was as if a thousand Super Novas exploded in the same 
space, at the same time. An explosion like that should have obliterated 
about a 1/4 of the Galaxy. It was obvious later that most of the energy 
of the blast went through the rift, accompanying the Villains. 
As the blast cleared, there was a slow realization that no one as there, 
not the 2 goddesses, & not Katsurina , not Hiro  
or ... Tenchi! 
The End? 
Nagi was being held by Washu who appeared on Ten-Ry-oki, was crying 
their names over and over,  
Hiro, Kat (weeping) Hiro, Kat, Hiro, Kat..........  
Washu tried to reassure her daughter. "It' s OK, Nagi, My sweet little 
Nagi, they're fine."  
Nagi looked at her mother in surprise, Tsunami, and Tokimi have them in 
my lab.  
Nagi then fiercely hugged, her mom, mentally thanking her over and over.  
As the rest of the family were gathered up, the all headed home! 
Washu then explained "While the Explosion was happening,  
Kagato's essence was put in a second sphere and it was guided through 
the rip.  
Tokimi then closed the rift, Then the we transported Hiro Tenchi and Kat 
to my lab,  
since all their power gone..." With that they all disappeared . 
Nagi entered Washu's lab. She saw her Aunt's Tsunami, and Tokimi talking 
to her mother  
who had materialized a minute before.  
In front of them were 6 stasis tubes, 3 were occupied, 3 ready for 
Ayeka, Ryoko and Nagi.  
But, Nagi went to  two of the occupied stasis tubes and put her hands on 
each.  
In them were Hiro and Kat.  Both had sustained injuries that would have 
normally killed a normal person.  
Both had open wounds on their abdomens, and both had broken legs. With a 
list of internal injuries added to this, Nagi was thanking her mom for 
being there for her friends, and her families.  
She ran over and hugged her mother, who was gradually guiding her 
towards one of the stasis tubes. 
Washu then said, "Well, you can thank your aunts, she hugged each as 
fiercely." 
Nagi then Bowed to her aunts, in uncharacteristic manner.  
"Thank you most honorable Aunt Tokimi, and Aunt Tsunami, for myself and 
my family."  
both smiled and nodding to her.  
 Washu then said, "Now you get into this tube and relax. As she saw Her 
sister and Future Sister-in-law being put into the other tubes, she 
slowly fell unconscious thinking of how luck and happy she was. 
Epilogue: Washu's Log Entry 
Washu was recording a log entry. "Two weeks ago, I almost lost my family 
to an bastard who just couldn't stop being himself. I still don't know 
what i saw in him. Must have been his patience and planning, and my own 
guuibility that trapped me in that ship for so long."  
then an ironic thought came to her. "Now he has eternity in a dimension 
with his son as company  
Well he did want to conquer the Universe. Now he has a universe ... with 
nothing to conquer." 
She then went on;  
"Today Hiro and Nagi are getting married. Though they are slow to make 
it down the aisle. Both are still recovering from that battle on the 
dark side of the moon. Of those injured Ayeka recovered within days. 
Ryoko and Nagi came out of stasis by weeks end. Only Tenchi, Hiro and 
Katsurina who absorbed most of the dark matter had to stay in stasis 
healing as their bodies were assimilating the new power they had. Tokimi 
took 3/4ths of their power and started a new dimension to replace the 
one Kendo and Kagato had destroyed.  
If not, they would have built up enough power to blow up and take the 
solar system with them.  
I thanked my sister for that."  
She then went on reviewing the other family members.  
"Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko and Baby Mayuka will be moving to Tokyo at 
summer's end.  
Tenchi will go to the University of Tokyo to study Theology and 
Government. Ayeka and Ryoko will take jobs so they can support 
themselves and Mayuka. They also made a promise to me and Katsuhito not 
to consummate their marriage until after Tenchi's graduation. I applaud 
them on this, not because it's the right thing to do,  
but it's more of a promise to each other of just how much they love each 
other. 
Kat and Sasami are going to attend Tenchi's old school since the local 
laws state that minors have to go to school.  
Other than going out to the stars for their honeymoon, Nobuyuki and I 
have agreed to build them a house on the other side of the lake within 
view of the main house. Yousho, being Yousho takes all this in stride,  
he still insists on his training with Tenchi, Hiro, Kat. and now Nagi, 
Ayeka and Ryoko.  
Since I will install a portal in Tenchi's  Tokyo apartment, they can 
still visit, while living there. 
Tokimi, Tsunami and I are now speaking with each other.  
We are starting to connect again Wow, this is a surprise to me, but a 
nice surprise!  
I'm still wondering why Tokimi looks at Katsuhito that certain way 
someone has for a lost love. Almost like she had feelings for him, but 
could do anything about it. I'll have to talk to her later about this. 
I'm sure you were wondering, what I have been doing these last 2 weeks,  
Well......... I sat down with Nubi, who finally asked to court me under 
traditional Japanese customs.  
I answered as follows;  
"Nubi, I will go out on dates with you, but I am not Japanese, I can't 
conform to new ways so easily, you know."  
He nodded and smiled, but asked me to be patient with him since he still 
wanted to court me non the less.  
We've been dating mostly after he and I finish work. Through this I have 
started to see the "real" Nobuyuki.  
A kind hearted soul, with charms that are hidden behind that dirty old 
man persona.  
But, I do understand hiding behind a false facade.  
He was grieving for his wife he had lost so tragically.  
I had done the same from my former husband and son. Oh, I'm getting off 
track again.  
Well, I gotta get to my daughter's wedding. Nubi is giving Nagi away and  
I need to be there to record everything and put my appearance as mother 
of the bride!  
Then I'll have some more research to do on my large and wonderful 
family. 
Addition to Washu's log: 
"Hi, it's Kat, I'm going to finish this for Grandma because she can't 
really talk right now!  
As The reception progressed, a toast was given to Mom and Dad by 
Tenchi's Dad, Nobuyuki.  
"'d like to wish the happy couple a long life and A happy marriage.  
Speaking of marriage, can Miss Washu come to the dance floor.  
Then when she got there, Nobuyuki, knelt down on one knee!!!! The whole 
room seem to have half the oxygen in it since everybody GASPED!" 
About 2 minutes later! "Oh, I think Nana is coming around, Hope she 
doesn't do that when I get married!  
Hey, Auntie Ayeka, did you hear her say yes.....???"  
  
Well, I have finally finished editing this fic!! I hope you liked the 
story.  
I will adding some stand alone stories, that are based on this one.  
I will also do a 10 chapter Crossover with out favorite Sayiens coming 
soon  
to the Tenchi Universe Thanks and Keep the R and R coming! 
dennisud  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
