Disclaimer:  The characters in this fan fic are property of 
AIC and Pioneer.  This is a fic requested by Turner.  Enjoy 
the story.


Tenchi Muyo!
A Family of Thieves


	Greetings, your Grace.  As you know, my name is Tenchi 
Masaki.  The little girl in my father's arms is my 
daughter, Hoshiko.  I have been through a lot in my 
lifetime.  I fought pirates, mad scientists, goddesses, and 
my worst threat in my life, thieves.  

	You are probably wondering about why petty thieves are 
so threatening.  Listen to my story, and you will know of a 
thief named Shaw.  Only Ryoko knew his real name, but she 
kept silent. Ryoko not only knew his name, but knew him 
personally, as well. He was to remain a mystery to us to 
the very end.     

	It all began on a stormy night in a far, distant, and 
barren planet.  Shaw was in a bar drinking a glass of water 
strangely enough.  That night he met Ryoko and they pulled 
the biggest crime of their lives.  They stole an ancient 
relic called God's Universe.  It was a heavy golden 
necklace that held a strange stone, the only of its kind.  
In the stone, you could see a new universe with new stars 
and worlds, or so they say.  

	They stole the relic and ran from the police.  They 
split up after the heist, but Ryoko kept the necklace.  And 
now, three hundred years later, Shaw returns for his prize 
and more as we later will find out.  The only thing I know 
is that the legendary Shaw robbed Jurai's Universal Bank, 
and was reported to be heading for our solar system.  

	As for me, I was taking care of other things during 
that time.  We all had the flu, and I was the first to 
recover.  Ayeka got well pretty fast as well as Sasami.  
Dad, Grandpa, and Washu never got the dreadful cold, and 
took care of Ryoko, who seemed to be having the worst 
trouble of getting over it.  And Mihoshi, was the one that 
gave us the flu in the first place.  

	Anyway, three days later, Christmas came.  The time of 
the year for gifts and sharing, but also the time when the 
madness in my life truly started.  We were decorating the 
tree for that night was Christmas Eve.  We all worked hard 
and Ryoko the hardest, believe it or not.  She took care of 
Mayuka and would refuse to let anyone else do so, except 
for me, of course.  She was afraid of me refusing to love 
her if she did not let me take care of my own daughter 
every now and then.  I hate to say it, but that was the 
only way I had control over their fighting.  

	Now the stage is set and my fault for starting the 
madness begins.  For that night all were asleep except for 
me, or so I thought...
***
 	Ryoko cradled a little child in her arms.  She was 
humming a song that she always hummed, but had no idea how 
she learned it.  She giggled as the thin purple haired 
infant yawned.  She gently rested the child into her crib.  
Ryoko pulled over the blanket and kissed Mayuka on the 
forehead.  The child almost woke up as Ryoko stood up to 
leave.  Ryoko sensing this sat down in a rocking chair that 
was used to rock the infant to sleep.  She sat there 
quietly not moving as she watched the child's chest move up 
and down as she breathed. 

	Ryoko's left ear flinched as she picked up a sound 
from behind.  She remained in her position and waited for 
the intruder to make their move, but the intruder walked 
on.  She turned back to see a light emitting from the 
corridor and tiptoed to peek.  She turned the corner to see 
Tenchi in the kitchen getting a glass of water.  It would 
be a perfect opportunity to seduce him, but if she left now 
Mayuka would be crying again.  She sighed and returned to 
the chair.

	"I hope you learn to sleep without me sometime," she 
whispered playfully.

	Mayuka remained sleeping as Ryoko sat back in her 
chair.  She starred at the sleeping child.  Amazing how she 
used to hate the girl, but after her oath and Mayuka's 
rebirth, she instantly fell in love with the child.

	"Ryoko?" asked a voice from behind.

	She turned quickly and her fists were ready to attack.  
She released her fears when she realized it was Tenchi.  
She sighed with relief and took a step forward.

	"Are you all right?" he asked worriedly.   

	"I'm fine," she waved him teasingly. Tenchi still 
heard tension in her voice and crossed his arms like a 
worried mother.

	"Ryoko, there is something bothering you," he said 
sternly.

	"There is nothing bothering me," she said annoyed with 
the conversation.

	"Then explain your jumpy behavior every time someone 
walks past you," he announced.

	Ryoko was paralyzed in fright at his words.  She 
didn't realize it was that obvious.  She choked up the 
words for she hated looking like a weakling and almost 
yelled, "I am fine, goodnight."  She walked past him and 
teleported away.  

	The sound of a crying Mayuka alerted his thoughts and 
he went to put his daughter back to sleep.
***
	The next day all was quiet.  No one saw Ryoko all day.  
She vanished without a trace.  

	Tenchi was resting on the couch with Ayeka sitting 
beside him.  The rest of the group in the house was roaming 
the place searching for Ryoko.

	"Tenchi, I am worried.  She is not in this house at 
all," said a worried Sasami.

	"She can't be far Sasami.  Ryo-Ohki is still here," he 
said pointing at the sleeping cabbit on her head.  "I will 
go look for her outside," he grinned.

	"Thank you, Tenchi," Sasami said cheering up slightly.

	"Lord Tenchi, I will accompany you," Ayeka jumped.

	"Not this time.  I am not in any sort of danger.  I am 
just looking for Ryoko," he said with a worried grin, as 
Ayeka's expression was not a happy one.

	"That monster might try to...to..."

	"I doubt that, Ayeka.  She never has tried to seduce 
me when she pulls stunts like this.  Now, if you will 
excuse me, I am going," he said and walked outside.

	Ayeka waited until the door closed before she yelled, 
"FINE, DON'T EXPECT ME TO BE WAITING FOR YOU WHEN YOU 
RETURN!"  She turned and walked up the staircase a smile 
upon her face.

	Sasami stood puzzled by her sister's reaction.

	"What do you think she accomplished by playing like 
she won a fight against a man she is not married to?" she 
asked a now upset, awakened Ryo-Ohki.

	"Miya," replied the angry cabbit and she settled back 
down on Sasami's head to sleep.

	Sasami scratched her chin and walked back toward the 
kitchen.

	"Come to think of it Ryo-Ohki.  I don't think Tenchi 
could have even heard her last argument," she said walking, 
still stunned by the previous scene, into the kitchen.
***
	Tenchi saw the cave, the place he was at one time 
forbidden to go to.  He stood at the dark entrance and 
stepped inside turning on his black flashlight to see.  He 
walked until he came to a giant rock that was wrapped in a 
green vine.  He knelt before the stone and began to unwind 
the vine off the stone.  In a few turns of the vine, the 
stone cracked open and the wall in front of him opened at 
the same time.  He gently climbed down the stone slide 
until he foot met flat ground.  He turned off his 
flashlight as light emitted from the cavern itself.  He 
walked on to see the tomb where he found Ryoko.  He frowned 
when he didn't see her and turned back to leave.  A low 
buzzing sound alerted him and the tenchiken flew out of his 
jacket sleeve.  He summoned the energy and turned to block 
a blow for his head.  His opponent was strong and almost 
pushed him to his knees.  He leaped back to see the dark 
figure step into the light.  

	He deactivated his sword and tossed it to the ground 
raising his hands to surrender.  The figure stepped forward 
to reveal cyan hair and the familiar golden eyes.

	"Ryoko, it's me," he shouted. 

	Ryoko's eyes highlighted in surprise.  Her sword 
vanished from her hands and she stepped back in fright.

	"I'm so sorry," she mumbled and leaped into the air.  
Tenchi jumped up and grabbed her arm as she vanished.

	They reappeared on the steps to the shrine.  He 
grabbed her by her face and turned her face so their eyes 
could meet.

	"Now, tell me what is bothering you?" he asked 
impatiently.

	"I can't," she said sadly and turned to leave, but 
Tenchi pulled her back by the wrist.  "Tenchi, stop you're 
hurting me," she moaned as tears fell down her face.

	He eased his grip as his eyes were of horror.  He 
gently tugged her downward to signal that they should sit.  
She slowly followed his movement.

	"I'm sorry, Ryoko.  I didn't mean to hurt you, but my 
life would have been miserable if I let you go," he sighed 
and continued, "or so it seemed."

	His eyes quivered in fear for she was shaking.  He 
gently led her to his shoulder and wrapped his arms around 
her.  He cradled her for a while starring at the stars 
waiting for her to relax.  

He thought about how he gave her an emotional ride.  
First, he scared her in the cave and they parried one blow, 
and then he hurt her by trying to keep her from leaving.  
He pulled her back when she wasn't shaking to see that she 
was asleep.  He picked her up in his arms and carried her 
down the steps toward the house.  

He almost fainted when he saw the curve of her breast 
through a slit in her blue and yellow striped robe.  He 
shook it off telling himself that she wasn't seducing him 
and least not on purpose.  He opened the door to the house 
to walk into a dark house.

<It must be late> he thought and climbed the 
staircase.  When they reached his room, he leaned up to his 
chin so he could use his hand to open the door.  He walked 
in and gently set her on his bed as he made sure her head 
rested on his pillow.  He took off her slippers and 
reaching under her pulled back his sheets and blankets.  He 
blushed when his were about to slide under her rear.  He 
counted to three and slid the sheets down.  He sighed in 
relief when she didn't even stir a sound.  He gently placed 
her feet under the sheets and pulled the covers up to her 
neck.  He stood to admire his work and grasped his chest, 
as it now felt cold.  He didn't realize she was so warm.  
Leaning over her, he gently placed his forehead to hers and 
felt the heat emitting from her soft skin.

	He stood up and left the room as he whispered, 
"Goodnight, Ryoko."
***
	That was the start of a long relationship to come.  I 
have no idea how it happened, but it did.  Months passed 
and even years.  The time flew by quick and I grew up.  You 
kept your word and left, even though it took you two 
months.  

	What's that?  Oh, when did Ryoko and I get married?  
Well, I don't think we ever did.  Believe it or not, she 
turned my proposal down.  I knew why and I left the matter 
silent since our first confrontation.  

	Ryoko was hiding something and I was determined to 
find out, but I didn't.  She was good at secrets and this 
one was huge.  She wanted to leave after you did.  I 
stopped her, but she still wanted to leave.  Later, in a 
different situation, I lost myself and so did she.  Before 
I knew it, I woke up naked and she was the same beside me.  
Blood stained the sheets, and I knew what happened.  

	Ryoko did too, and she was disturbed and kept her 
distance from me.  She probably wanted to kill me.  She 
claimed something about being trapped on this planet when 
he arrives.  I had no idea who he was until one year later.  

	Who is he?  You remember Shaw.  It is him that she 
mentioned, but there was more to this tale than that man's 
name.  

	Anyway, where was I?  Oh yes, the next nine months 
were the best of joy and the worst in bitterness that I 
have ever had.  Three weeks after the night we lost 
ourselves, Ryoko found out what she feared.  She was 
pregnant... 
***
	Ryoko could only stare at the blood stained sheets.  
How could it have happened?  What made them do this?   She 
looked to her right to see a naked sleeping Tenchi.  His 
skin was soaked in perspiration.  She placed her hand in 
between her legs and screamed as a sting of pain shot up 
her body.  She looked at her hand in shock as it was 
painted in blood.  

	She hugged her naked body closely as tears streamed 
down her face.  She might as well as kill herself and get 
it over with.

	"Damn you, Washu," she snarled.  "This is all of your 
fault."

	She sat back and let the memory make her anger 
stronger.


(	Ryoko screamed for help as she was left hanging naked 
in Washu's lab.  She only had a ripped shirt to cover her.  
The darkness scared her and she couldn't move for she was 
tied.  She couldn't breathe and struggled to breathe.  Her 
lungs ached for more air, but none came.  She screamed for 
her mother one last time and almost feinted by the silence.  
She was so scared, but a voice gave her hope.

	"Hello!  Are you okay, Ryoko?" hollered Tenchi's voice 
through the darkness.

	"HELP!!!!"she screamed.

	She quivered in fright as she felt warm hands untie 
her hands and then her feet.  She jumped back as soon as 
she was free.  She rested tightly to the wall behind her as 
the figure came closer.  

	"No!  Stay back," she cried.

	Tenchi realized she looked like a scared kitten 
hugging to the corner of the wall.  He grabbed her wrist 
and tugged her slowly toward him while he kneeled to his 
knees.

	"It's me Ryoko, Tenchi," he said comfortingly.  
Resting her head on his shoulder.  He felt the tears stream 
down on his shirt.  He picked her up and carried the crying 
girl out of the lab. 

	When they entered the house, he closed Washu's door 
and climbed up the staircase quietly.  He prayed to be 
quiet for one sound and the entire household will probably 
wake up.  He opened his door and lay Ryoko in his bed.  He 
stroked her hair from her damp face.

	"You're safe now," he said sincerely.

	"I..I...I....was...sooo...scared," she cried.

	"I know.  I know," he said cradling her in his arms.  
Her skin was so cold.  Tenchi snuggled closer to her 
letting her cry.  He pulled her back to look at her and she 
seemed so alone, so frightened, and fragile.  He moved 
closer and before he knew it their lips met.  He pulled 
back slowly and slipped off her shirt, the only clothing on 
her body.

	They caressed each other as he nibbled on her ear.  He 
moved down toward her lips, and after that she was seduced 
in.  She pushed him back and ripped his shirt off and 
licked his chest as she moved toward his mouth.)

	Ryoko's eyes were of even more disgust as she saw the 
cause of that kiss.  She turned and got to her feet, but 
felt the same pain run up her legs and she collapsed to her 
knees.

	"Ryoko," Tenchi whispered worriedly.

	Ryoko began to cry.  She was sick to her stomach.  Her 
dream came true, but in the wrong time.   She was supposed 
to get away, not make love.  She jumped back and snarled as 
warm hands gripped her shoulders.

	"Ryoko, it's okay.  It is me," Tenchi smiled.

	"Why?" She asked darkly.  The sunlight only shined on 
her lips.  The rest of her face hid in the shadows.  

	"Why, what?" he asked a little confused.

	"Why did we do that?" she said in disgust pointing at 
the blood on the sheets.

	Tenchi looked puzzled and shook his head.  "I can't 
explain it, Ryoko.  We were lost in human emotion and we 
followed through with it, and that is the result.  I am 
sorry if I hurt you," he said sadly taking her hand.

	"Sorry is not going to allow me to leave.  Besides, I 
am not human.  A woman claiming to be my mother genetically 
created me.  Kagato even said that I was not to experience 
love.  The emotion of love was impossible for to me to 
comprehend," she whined into her hands.

	"That's not true, and you know it.  He fed you lies to 
control you.  You know that.  You are more human than 
anyone else that I have met.  You are beautiful, 
courageous, strong willed, and yet you are lonely and 
afraid at the same time.  I have none of those qualities.  
And because of that, I chased you to keep you from leaving 
me.  You need me, and I need you because I love you," he 
said passionately as he kissed her and biting gently on her 
bottom lip pulled away.

	Ryoko sat there stunned by his words.  She was touched 
and confused at the same time.  But he did make her 
question if she loved him or was it an infatuation.  She 
closed her eyes and teleported away leaving Tenchi by 
himself.
***
Three weeks later...

	Ryoko felt sick and Washu came back with the tests.  A 
smirk hung heavy on her face.  A tear dropped down her face 
and she sat by Ryoko's side taking her hand in hers.

	"I know I have been a terrible mother to you, but that 
can change.  You have proven to be my daughter.  You have 
overcame most of your fears except for one and have shown 
true human emotion," she explained rubbing Ryoko's hand 
like a mother would.  She also gave her an eyebrow when she 
spoke about Ryoko's fears.  "Tell him," she said sternly.

	"Tell him about what?" Ryoko said tensely.  She had a 
bad feeling about this.

	"I know about your past while I was held captive by 
Kagato.  I know about Shaw.  I know you are worried about 
him.  You can't run away from him.  He is a thief and will 
catch up to you eventually.  Tell Tenchi what is bothering 
you and I promise together Shaw will not dare confront the 
two of you," she said placing a kiss on her daughter's 
forehead.  "Also, tell him one more thing.  Tell him that 
he is about to be a daddy."

	Ryoko's face changed to enjoyment of feeling a 
mother's love to fear.  She starred deep into Washu's eyes 
in terror.  

	"Don't be afraid, Ryoko.  I will make sure nothing 
happens to you or the baby.  I am good in the arts of 
science and another thing, but I will use it only if I 
must.  Trust me.  If you truly want me to be your mother I 
will.  I will stay out of your mind and protect you, but 
you have to trust me," she said sincerely taking Ryoko's 
hand in hers again.

	Ryoko sighed heavily and nodded her head in agreement.

	"I can also prepare you for birth.  I have been 
through it once, and I know about the pain and procedures.  
Tenchi will also be there," she smiled.

	Ryoko looked at her confused.

	"Oh, I see.  Now you are doubting your feelings about 
your love for him," she moved closer and placed her hand on 
Ryoko's cheek catching a tear.  "Your own fear is making 
you delusional.  You should find out about your feelings on 
your own, but we don't have time.  If I am to protect both 
of you, I need you two to be aware about each other.  So 
here is a question.  How does he make you feel when he 
walks by?"

	"I feel like a bunch of weight is on my shoulders," 
she replied.

	"Umhmm.  How does it make you feel when he breathes on 
you or kisses you?"

	"I feel weak in the knees and almost fall into him," 
Ryoko said nervously.

	"Okay.  You are in love with him, and we know he loves 
you.  So go see the father of your future child and start 
again.  I will be making progress checks on your baby and 
let me worry about Shaw.  I promise that he will not get 
near the three of you," she gave an evil smile and signaled 
Ryoko to leave.
***
	Washu kept her word and developed a dimensional gate 
that would send Ryoko and I to anther dimension.  We could 
get our food through these devices she placed in our bags.  
It would be able to produce our food in case something went 
wrong with the dimensional gate.  We were set to leave, but 
on that day.  The gate crashed and we had to move to a new 
plan.  Ryoko was going to stick to her first plan and run.  
I volunteered to go with her.  She did carry my child in 
her.

	Sasami also wanted to come, but I told her it was too 
dangerous, and she needed to take Mayuka back with her to 
Jurai.  She did so unwillingly and we said our good byes.  

	Washu had the toughest job of all of us.  She was 
going to try and lead Shaw away from our direction.  I 
begged her to come with us, but she said someone had to 
lead them away.  

	Dad and Grandpa moved to Tokyo.  Grandpa became the 
master of a shrine there.  And dad, was closer to the 
office.  I was going to miss and worry about them.  But 
they claimed that Shaw is a man after Ryoko and will only 
think of harassing people that were associated with her. 
Reluctantly we said our farewells and Ryoko and I aboarded 
Ryo-Ohki and we took to the stars.  

	Yes, I am getting to the point, but if I am to prove 
my case, I ask that you hear the entire story before you 
judge.

	As I was saying, Washu did meet up with Shaw and this 
is what happened or so we were told...
***
	Washu continued working on her experiments.  She had 
two days before her man should arrive and was not worried.  
Her daughter and family were now safe, but for how long.  

	She waved her worries off and continued mixing some 
chemicals into a vile.  Suddenly, she fell to the ground 
with such force.  She turned to see no one and returned to 
her feet, but before she regained her footing someone 
grappled her from behind and pinned her toward the front of 
the wall.  

	Washu struggled to fight back, but the figure behind 
her was stronger and already outsmarted her from escaping.  
Her opponent knew where she was at all times and paid no 
heed to her dolls.  She froze thinking about how there was 
no noise as if her opponent was of the shadows himself.  
There were no signs of forced entry.  Only one name could 
fit her opponent, and that was Shaw.

	"What do you want Shaw?" she cursed under her breath.

	"You will never know, or at least no one else will 
know.  You are coming with me, Washu," came a digital 
voice.

	"Damn," Washu cursed to herself.  Shaw was not stupid.  
His voice was covered with a voice box.  No way to 
recognize him by voice.

	"We are going to get to another as we search for Ryoko 
and the gem she stole from me," said the digital voice.  

	Washu tried to scream, but something in the air made 
her pass out as she fell to the ground.  She watched in 
fear as she saw a golden dagger come near her.  The only 
thing that stood out in appearance of the dagger was the 
'S' at tip of the hilt.  

	"Time to say goodbye, Washu," Shaw said as Washu fell 
into unconsciousness.
***
	Tenchi leaned behind Ryoko as they traveled swiftly 
through space.  He watched, as the colors of the universe 
were fascinating.  He tilted his head back to see Ryoko 
falling asleep at the helm.

	"Ryoko, let me take over.  Just tell me where we are 
going and Ryo-Ohki will teach me the rest," he offered 
tugging Ryoko gently on the shoulder.

	Her eyes opened in surprise as she felt what happened.  
She glanced up at Tenchi.  He looked worried.  She grappled 
her head trying to find out if there was still life.

	"What's wrong?" Tenchi asked reaching over to help 
Ryoko up.

	"Washu.  I can't feel her existence anymore.  I felt 
when Shaw entered and knocked her out, but then I don't 
know.  I don't know if...if...she is..." Ryoko froze and 
cried into Tenchi's shoulder.

	Tenchi wrapped his arm around her and quieted her down 
by stroking her hair back.  He pulled her chin up and 
kissed her.  Pulling away he smiled and said, "I am sure 
she is all right.  Your mother never goes without a fight, 
my kitten."  He rested her head on his knees and rubbed her 
shoulder as she cried herself to sleep.

	Tenchi placed his hand on her stomach.  He felt her 
soft skin as the red sweater she wore rested a little above 
her jeans and waist.  He smiled not at her, but what she 
was holding.

	"Imagine, our child rests in there waiting to see a 
new world," he whispered.

	Ryoko replied by rolling over on his leg and snuggled 
deeper into his thigh.   Tenchi smiled at how innocent and 
cute she looked.  The journey was going to be a long one, 
but what were they to do?
***
	You see I never knew Ryoko's plans.  I thought we were 
going to relax and hide from Shaw the rest of our lives.  
Ryoko had other intentions.  She was after what Shaw was 
after, God's Universe.
	Yes, that's right.  Ryoko did have it in her 
possession at one time, but not anymore.  She sold it to 
the buyer they were stealing it for in the first place.  
She made a lot of money from the deal, and had no idea that 
Shaw wanted it for himself.

	Thieves, your majesty?  Yes, Ryoko and I did become 
thieves.  But we stole the necklace only.  All the other 
jobs we returned after our confrontation with Shaw.  

	Why, you ask.  Listen and you will learn for that was 
part of Ryoko's plan.  It is just with her being pregnant 
she was in no condition to try stealing herself, so I did 
it in her stead.  To understand better, let me tell you 
what led to that measure.  It all began the next morning...
***
	Ryoko slowly rolled out of the bed and looked to her 
left to see no one else there.  She put on her jeans and a 
bright orange sweater and stepped out to the bridge.  She 
saw no signs of Tenchi and almost collapsed, as she felt 
nauseous in her stomach.  The pain was a strong aching 
feeling that made her arms and legs tremble.  	She 
gripped her stomach tightly and began to have trouble 
breathing.

	"Ryoko," said a soft, charming voice from behind.

	She looked up to see a short red haired woman standing 
in front of her.  Wearing the familiar science academy 
clothing.  She had a worried look on her face.

	"Washu?" Ryoko grumbled in pain.	

	"Not exactly, but a self-thinking hologram with her 
brain patterns and memories," she replied kneeling over 
Ryoko.

	"What is wrong with me?"  Ryoko heaved violently for 
oxygen.

	"You are having morning sickness.  Now you probably go 
to a bathroom and prepare yourself for a load.  We will 
talk when you come back," she said pointing to the 
bathroom.

	Ryoko crawled her way there slowly and vanished into 
the dark corridor.

	"Washu?" Tenchi gasped from surprise tightening the 
belt on his jeans.  

	"Nope, a hologram with her brainwaves," she smiled.

	"Uhm, how is the real you?" he asked concernedly.

	"Not now, go check on Ryoko.  She has morning sickness 
and could use your help," she ordered and watched him run 
to the bathroom she was pointing at.  "Kids," she smiled.
***
	Ryoko gagged at the horrible taste in her mouth.  She 
pulled the lever and watched the ugly water that was once 
inside of her vanish down the hole.  She breathed for more 
air selfishly as she tried to control herself.  She was 
starting to hate this pregnancy thing, but she couldn't 
afford the thought of another murder in her conscience.  
She heard the door open, but felt too sick to move.

	"Ryoko," uttered the man's voice.  "Are you okay?"

	"I am just sick to my stomach.  That's all," she said 
weakly and allowed him to help her up.

	"I am going to let you lie down.  You need your rest," 
he said leading her out of the bathroom and on to the 
bridge.

	The hologram turned to see the couple limping toward 
her.

	"I see she made it through the first of many," she 
smiled tugging on a string of her red hair.

	"I can't do this.  I have to steal an item, and I 
can't do it like this," she whined.

	"Do you?" Washu said sternly.  "Stealing God's 
Universe," she said not dare looking into Ryoko's eyes.

	"Yeah, how do you know?" she argued in anger.

	"Because I know that is the only thing you and Shaw 
were famous together for.  And you are thinking that if he 
gets it back that he will leave us alone."

	"Yes," Ryoko affirmed.

	"Well, teach him how to do it.  He is perfectly able 
to become a professional thief," Washu said looking at 
Tenchi up and down.

	"He doesn't need to waste his future to steal a gem," 
she yelled.

	"He won't.  He is doing it for you, and his child, 
which is inside of you.  Now, teach him, and I will help 
you get through your pregnancy.  After all, that is the 
reason why I installed a hologram of myself," She smiled 
and nodded Tenchi to take Ryoko to bed.  "Goodnight 
daughter.  You need your rest.  Tenchi and I will handle 
everything else.
***
	That is when I began my journey to become a thief, but 
even I wasn't as good as Shaw.  He took Washu by surprise 
like he was a ghost.  He was a master of stealth, and all 
for a plot that will lead Ryoko and I into the thieves we 
are today.

	The training, Majesty?  Oh yes, it was hard and took a 
lot of concentration.  Ryoko trained me the best she could 
and she was taught from Shaw by Kagato's request.  She is 
the only being that was ever trained by him, and because of 
that the secret of his identity is kept safe.  But back to 
the training, we started the next day...
***
	"Wake up, Tenchi," Ryoko roared flipping him out of 
bed.

	Tenchi screamed and rolled to his feet in anger as he 
screamed, "What are you doing?"

	Ryoko stood still with hands upon her hips.  She 
turned toward the door and opened it.  "Time for your 
second lesson," she spoke like she was a drill sergeant. 

	"What was the first?" he asked dumbfounded.

	"Use your senses to feel me coming and sleep, but be 
awake at the same time.  If you do that then you won't have 
to worry about being tossed out of bed.  Now, come I have a 
lot to teach and little time to do it in," she said coldly 
and walked out of the hall.

	Tenchi put on his sweats and a black T-shirt and 
followed suit.  He walked out of his room and Ryoko was 
gone.  He froze as something sharp was pressed against his 
throat.

	"Now, if you are able to get by my senses with a knife 
to my throat, then you have mastered stealth.  When you 
complete your training perfectly, you can create your own 
knife.  She whirled to face him and showed her knife to 
him.  "Shaw's looks like mine, but he is an 'S' at the base 
of the hilt.  You will create one similar to this one, but 
it must have something that resembles you."

	"What is yours?" he asked seeing nothing on the gold 
metal.

	She looked away as she removed her index finger and 
she slid it down the metal the letters 'FREE' could be seen 
going down the hilt.

	"Oh my," Tenchi said to himself.  She must have really 
been hurt back then, and the memories still haunt her.  
"Ryoko?"

	"Enough, you know what you are trying to accomplish.  
Let's get to the exercises," she almost yelled and walked 
down the corridor twirling her knife in her left hand.

	"What is wrong with her?" he asked to himself and 
started to follow her.

	"It's one of two things actually," Washu said from 
behind.

	"Washu?" Tenchi asked turning to see the red haired 
scientist.
	The red haired scientist was leaning with her back to 
the wall and her arms crossed.  She looked up at him and 
spoke, "If you noticed her belly was getting a little 
larger," Washu smiled and continued not waiting for his 
reply, "she had me enhance the pregnancy to work in nine 
days instead of nine months.  She wants to be ready to be 
there to help you out, if need be, since we will be 
arriving in about ten days.  Don't worry the child will be 
fine.  It will grow normally once out of her womb.  In 
short, she is going to be a little moody.  Second, she is 
being hard on you so you will not hesitate to do as she 
teaches.  She loves you and wants you to live.  To do that, 
she needs you to use all of your power and skill to be the 
best at what she teaches.  Now go, she is waiting," Washu 
said pointing down the dark hall.  Tenchi nodded slightly 
and walked down the hall.
***
	"Come on, Tenchi," she yelled.  "Are you going to be a 
weakling all your life?  Jut two hundred more and we will 
go to the next drill."

	Tenchi pushed himself off the floor and continued his 
push-ups.  He felt as if his arms were about to stretch off 
his body.  He continued his exercises.  He dropped when 
Ryoko counted two hundred.

	"It took you two hours to do one thousand push-ups.  
Your goal is to do that many in ten minutes," she ordered 
helping him up to his feet.  They walked over to a giant 
dumbbell.  Ryoko tied the straps that were hanging around 
Tenchi's shoulders.  Tenchi almost dropped to his knees for 
it was too heavy.  "Give me one hundred of these.  You can 
do it.  That bar only weighs two hundred pounds."

	Tenchi began to jump and struggled, but he wasn't 
going to give up.  He leaped as high as he could and 
continued as Ryoko counted.  He finally reached a hundred 
and dropped to his knees.  Ryoko hurriedly untied the 
weights from his shoulders and threw them aside.  She 
leaned on his shoulder and sat on her knees.

	"Are you sure you want to do this?" she asked 
solemnly.  

	"Yes, I am willing to do anything to see you safe," he 
breathed heavily.

	"Very well," she said sadly, "follow me."  She led 
Tenchi to another room.  It was huge.  She stopped and 
Tenchi continued to walk onward.  He was determined to see 
the center of the room and to do that he had to pass a 
corner.  "Take another step and you will set off the 
alarms," she called from behind.

	Tenchi froze in his tracks.  He looked back at her and 
saw an object fly toward him.  He caught it and looked at 
it.  The black object appeared to be some sort of goggles.  
He pulled the strap back and placed them around his head 
and over his eyes.

	"Now press the switch on the right side of your lens," 
she instructed carefully.  Tenchi did and then watched as 
lasers flew into his vision.  "Walk and dodge the lasers.  
And one more thing, don't sweat.  The floor panels are 
sensitive to perspiration."

	"That's comforting," Tenchi muttered to himself.  And 
continued carefully through each laser.  He slowly 
maneuvered around the corner to see his objective.  The 
room was huge and in the center was a small column with a 
glass casing at the top.  He sighed and continued under one 
laser and over the next.  He almost panicked as a drop of 
sweat fell from his face.  He reached out with his hand 
caught the small drop.  He sighed in relief and continued 
until he reached the mantel.  

	When he finally reached it, he dropped to his knees in 
relief.

	"It took you an hour to reach that point.  By that 
time, you would be on your way to prison.  Your goal is to 
cross those lasers and be back in less than three minutes.  
Now come back through each of those lasers and we can call 
it a night," she ordered.

	That night they sat in the dining hall.  Tenchi sat 
across from Ryoko and Washu was sitting beside him.  
Although, she was there to chat and check on Ryoko.  Tenchi 
noticed something bothering Ryoko.

	"What's wrong, Ryoko?" he asked sincerely.

	Ryoko looked up in surprised and shook her head, 
"Nothing is wrong," she replied happily and excused herself 
from the table.
***
	"You see, people of the court and empress, I was not 
forced into becoming a thief I willingly did it," he 
announced without fear.

	"Yes, so you say, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka spoke on top of 
her throne.  "Leave us, I will continue the case myself," 
she ordered and watched as court and council left them 
alone.  Tenchi remained in the center of the room standing 
proud.  "How could you get her pregnant?" she hissed in 
disgust.

	"I already answered that question, your majesty," he 
replied coldly.

	"Cut the bullshit," she roared slamming her fist into 
her armrest, "it is me Ayeka.  Talk to me, Tenchi," she 
pleaded.

	"If you wish..." he stopped and continued correcting 
himself, "Ayeka.  But I will only do it if your jealousy 
doesn't interfere."

	"Very well," she waved, "you have my word."

	"Then quit questioning my motives, and ask me about 
hers.  She is the one in jail, not me.  You and everyone is 
calling her a common thief, but more than that this trial 
is for the account of murder, not stealing," he said in 
disgust.  "You remember that, and I will promise you that 
she is innocent."

	"Very well, continue," she ordered leaning back in her 
chair.
	"The next several days I trained through all that 
stuff again.  It wasn't easy, but I completed it all in 
good time.  We had one day left before our destination, 
Dreben's Hall.  That is where the necklace was.  She sold 
it, remember, and now the descendant of the man she sold it 
to, had it.  We planned to get the precious item back, and 
the planning took hours due to an unexpected event..."
***
	"Tenchi, you are the one that will get in and grab the 
necklace.  I will be your communications link and your 
eyes, so listen to me carefully when you are in there.  You 
will take the back window and cut your way in.  From there 
you will move your way to the central chamber and use your 
skills to look for censors.  I assure you they are there.  
You will have exactly three minutes to get in and out the 
way you came.  I will be on the roof and will hoist you up 
with the same line you used to get in.  From there Ryo-Ohki 
will pick us up and we leave," she said pointing at the 
blueprints.

	"Just one question, Ryoko," he said gulping at the 
huge building he was looking at.  "This is building has 
fifty-two floors and we are aiming for the forty-eighth 
floor.  How do I get to that floor?" he asked a little 
afraid of the answer.

	"There is a hotel that is a little larger than our 
target in size.  We are renting two rooms anonymously.  
After that, we wait until our already synchronized watches 
read ten fifty and we leave to the roof with this 
briefcase.  I will have one and so will you.  Inside, are 
the gliders we will use to get to the other side.  You 
should know how to assemble one by now.   Once we reach the 
target, I will lower you to that right floor with this 
cord.  It is specifically designed to hold your weight, so 
hold on tight and no worries.  From there you should know 
the rest.  If anything goes wrong I will bail you out, 
trust me.  I have not lost a partner, yet," she smiled.

	"Well, I guess we will discuss about Shaw after the 
heist?" he asked to himself.

	Ryoko just starred away lost in thought.  Every time 
he mentioned that name, she phases into a world of her own.  
She's hiding something, but what?

	"Let's get some sleep.  We have a huge night ahead of 
us tomorrow," she said standing to her feet with her 
swollen belly hanging over.  She limped away to the door 
with her left hand pushing on her back for support.  Her 
blue-dress almost ready to rip at the seams.  She didn't 
even reach the door before a sharp pain climbed in between 
her legs and shot through her stomach.  She began to 
breathe heavily and water flowed down her legs crazily.

	"Tenchi, quickly get her to the medical room.  I will 
begin setting up, and be careful for her water broke," she 
announced as Tenchi already led Ryoko out of the room.
***
	Washu stood looking in between Ryoko's legs for signs 
of the baby coming out.  She saw none and glanced over at 
Tenchi, who was trying to calm Ryoko down and whispering 
her to keep doing the breathing exercises.

	"Come on, Ryoko, you can do it.  I know you can.  Just 
keep pushing," Washu encouraged.

	Ryoko screamed horridly as Washu reached in to grab 
the small baby.  She gently pulled the baby out and could 
only put a smile of joy.  She raised her hand in the air 
and spanked the child's back.  The reply for the action was 
a crying sound of life.  Washu quickly wrapped it in a 
blanket after she cut the umbilical cord.  

	"Here you are, my daughter.  I give you, your 
daughter," she said happily handing the small crying child 
into Ryoko's arms.  Instantly, the wailing ceased and the 
baby fell asleep in her mother's arms.  Ryoko could only 
smile and giggle at the child that she and Tenchi created.  
She looked up at him with a small smile and he returned it 
and rubbed his daughter's bald head.   
	
	"She's beautiful," Ryoko smiled, but tears of 
happiness fell from her cheeks.

	"She looks like her mother," Tenchi giggled noticing 
the feline golden eyes.

	Ryoko glanced up at him with another smile and could 
only laugh.

	"Okay, that's enough.  I will have to clean her and 
fix her up.  You can see her tomorrow.  You need to get 
your rest, Ryoko," she smiled and left the couple in their 
room.

	"What should we name her?" he asked giving a kiss on 
top of Ryoko's sweaty forehead.

	"How about Hoshiko?" she asked tiredly.

	"What does that translate to?" he asked playfully.

	"Hoshi translates to star, and ko translates to child.  
I cheated on your grammar and combined two words into one 
to name her Hoshiko," she smiled at him again.

	"Why name her Star Child?" he asked curiously.

	"Because," she yawned as sleep was taking over, "she 
was born in the stars," she whispered and drifted off to 
sleep.
***
	Ayeka twiddled her fingers impatiently repeating the 
name over and over, "Hoshiko.  Hoshiko," she shook her head 
in disagreement.  "Just like her to name her child 
differently," she mumbled.  

	"You promised," Tenchi warned.  He waited to continue.  
He watched as Ayeka slowly relaxed into her chair.  "Are 
you ready?  This is the part of the tale that will explain 
everything that happened in that building."
	"Yes, I am ready.  Go on," she urged.

	"That night we were on the roof and began our plan.  
Everything worked like clock work.  The baby remained with 
the hologram on Ryo-Ohki..."
***
	The night air was calm.  The streets were as busy as 
usual, but no one would notice the two gliders gliding to 
the Dreben's building.  Ryoko landed ahead of Tenchi.  She 
waited for him to land behind her.  Tenchi landed with 
eased and took the glider apart and placed it back into the 
briefcase.  Ryoko already had her briefcase loaded and 
waited.

	"Okay, we're here.  Be careful.  Place your earpiece 
in.  This is the only way we will be communicating through.  
Your belt is bugged, so don't loose it," she teased.  "I 
will be tracking your every movement and tell you where you 
are.  Any questions?" she asked hurriedly.

	"Yeah, don't I get a good luck kiss from the mother of 
our daughter," he said teasingly.

	Her eyes bulged in shock, but she waved it off and 
replied, "Only if you come back to your family alive, and 
in one piece," she smiled.

	"Farewell," he whispered and taking the cord he leaped 
down the building.  Ryoko put her earpiece in and opened 
her up her lab top computer.  She turned on her monitor and 
she watched as a red dot blinked on the target.

	"You are there, now like I trained you get rid of the 
glass and slip in," she whispered.

	"Roger," he said pulling a rod out of his black bag 
resting on his back.  He placed it against the glass and 
turned it counter clockwise.  He placed two disks on the 
glass and slowly pushed in.  Still holding the glass he 
slipped in quietly.  He was dressed like a ninja except for 
no weapons.  He placed the glass back into its position and 
pushed a green switch and the disks vanished.  He placed 
the rod back into the bag.

	"Window secure, and I am in," he whispered.

	"Good, now go right and you should come to a corridor 
which will lead to our room.

	Tenchi followed the hall, but stopped before he cam to 
the corridor.  He put in a blue pill in his mouth and 
chewed.  He then knelt to the ground and blew a blue smoke, 
which picked out red lights as it passed.

	"Okay we have censors," he said calmly.

	"Okay get the goggles and ditch the bag behind the 
statue on your left, and don't forget the cord in case you 
need it, to summon your bag to you," she instructed slowly.

	Tenchi put the goggles on and activated them.  He 
placed the bag behind the statue she mentioned and quickly 
made his way through the censors.  He was so limber and 
maneuvered through the lights like they were not there.  He 
made his way around the corridor and saw the casing.

	"I see the target," he whispered.

	"Good, now hurry, a minute and thirty-five seconds and 
you are caught," she whispered hurriedly.

	"Okay.  I am going into radio silence, so if I don't 
call in by that time; come and get me," he said seriously 
and turned off the radio.  He slowly made his way to the 
case, but stopped with one foot on the ground and the other 
in the air.  A sweat drop was sitting on his nose.  Any 
sudden movement and it would drop.  He waited and prayed 
for it to hurry.  The drop slowly maneuvered a little 
farther each precious second.  It dropped.  Tenchi held his 
breath as he reached to catch it.  He stopped as he looked 
in his hand to see the drop.  He wiped it on his pants leg 
and continued.

	When he finally reached the case, he pulled out the 
key card Ryoko had, since she gave the target to the owner 
of the building.  He placed it in the slot and read the 
small screen read 'ACCESS GRANTED' and the case slowly 
lifted and stopped.

	Tenchi reached over the case and gently left it off 
the column.  He set it down beside him, and grabbed the 
necklace.  It was indeed as beautiful as she said if not 
more.  

	Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed that the 
censors were turned off for there were no sign of the red 
streams of light.  He slowly turned on his radio.

	"Ryoko," and at that moment something took the 
necklace from him and his hand bled.  Tenchi fell to his 
knees holding his sliced open hand.  He looked to his left 
to see the knife on the wall, and at the tip was the 
infamous 'S.'  "It's Shaw.  He's here.  Do you hear me, 
Ryoko, It's..." he felt his earpiece fall out of his ear 
and turned to see the man that was strangling his neck.  He 
looked and saw a man dressed as the same as he was, but the 
features.  The long hair, the mustache, it all seemed 
unreal.  "Grandpa?" he asked in shock.

	"Yes, and now we are all a family of thieves.  That is 
why I left after Ryoko on Jurai to do this heist.  She and 
Kagato convinced me.  When the heist was completed, I was 
betrayed.  They left me and ran with the necklace that was 
going to make us rich.  No, ME RICH," he roared.  "I 
followed her to earth and she wouldn't tell me, so I 
imprisoned her.  Then, I grew old so she couldn't think it 
was me, even if I told her it was.  For the first thing she 
would do, would be to look for my knife, the symbol that I 
am a thief.  When she couldn't find it, I knew she wouldn't 
believe my identity," he smiled excitedly.

	"So why go after her after all of this time?" Tenchi 
asked trying to struggle out of his grandfather's grasp.

	"As a priest I don't make much, so it took me a while 
to pay off the media.  Once I paid them off, they announced 
that the legendary Shaw has returned.  I knew that would 
make Ryoko panic and she would try to steal our profit 
again.  She couldn't beat me once in combat, so why not 
give me what I want, is what she was thinking.  As you see, 
my plan worked perfectly.  All though, you were unexpected, 
but you don't have to die.  Join me, and we can be the 
richest people in the universe."

	"What about Ryoko?" he asked.

	"She has to die.  She knows too much.  Of course, I 
used Washu to find the location of this place and I beat 
you here.  Killed all of the guards, and shut down the 
security when you released the case, since that key can 
only open it."

	"Then, I refuse your offer," Tenchi said in disgust.

	"Then, you die," he whispered sadly and dragged Tenchi 
to where the knife and necklace were.  He pulled it from 
out of the wall.  He placed the knife to Tenchi's throat 
and held the necklace in the other.  "Now, grandpa is going 
to give you a new smile, so sit still and you will die 
quickly," he said and started to slide the knife across the 
neck.

	"WAIT!" Ryoko screamed from behind.  "Shaw turn around 
and face me.  I trained you, so no tricks," she said 
impatiently.

	"Shaw?" he asked a little puzzled.  "You, wait with 
her he said and tied the lengthy rope that held Washu 
around Tenchi.  He pulled the gag out of Washu's mouth.  "I 
will allow you to scream, now that everyone is here," he 
said standing up to confront Ryoko.

	"We will fight, but not like last time," she said 
loosening her belt and dropping it to the ground.  She 
pulled off her ninja jacket and tossed it to the side.  She 
was in a black tank top and pulled out her knife.  Yosho 
did the same and pulled out his dagger.

	"You're challenging me, in the Wartak?" he asked with 
an evil and eager grin.

	"Yes, I am," she replied with the same grin, "but you 
are a thief and by the code, you must accept."

	"I will," he smiled, "and more," he laughed as his 
image of old and wrinkled changed.  He was taller, and his 
hair was black.  The mustache was gone, and so were the 
wrinkles.
	"So it was you," she gasped in surprise.

	"Now you know," he laughed and charged swinging his 
knife for her throat.  Ryoko jumped back and prepared for 
his next attack.

	"What is the Wartak?" Washu asked still worried of who 
was going to win.

	"It is part of the code of thieves.  In fact, it is 
the only code.  You see to be the best two thieves must 
fight with a dagger as their only weapon until the death.  
The winner is considered the best," he explained closing 
his eyes when Ryoko was sliced in her arm.

	Ryoko parried him away and guarded her wounded arm 
carefully.  She stabbed for his stomach, but was met with a 
fist to her jaw knocking her back.  She flipped backwards 
when she saw the dagger coming for her heart.  

	Ryoko landed a few feet in front of her attacker and 
charged with an attack of her own.  She jumped up kicking 
the knife, but he didn't let go.  Instead he pushed her 
back, but with her other foot she kicked him in the jaw.  

	The two opponents crawled to their feet and prepared 
for a fight.  Ryoko was enraged and her energy was 
weakening.  She had to finish it quickly.  She took a deep 
breath and ran toward Yosho knowing he would cut her across 
the chest bone.  She leg swept under him and brought him 
down and as he fell she tossed her knife into his heart.

	Yosho let out a deathly cry as he fell onto his back 
and slowly died.  He was starring at the ceiling until 
Ryoko came up to him.  

	"Y..ou...go..t...m.e...." he smiled and fell back.

	Ryoko walked away gripping her bleeding chest and 
untied her comrades.  Tenchi helped her to her feet and 
they could her the galaxy police surrounding the area.

	"We better surrender," she said exhaustedly as she 
collapsed to the ground.  Tenchi and Washu stood in front 
of her.  

	Tenchi looked up to see his grandfather with a knife 
in his hands.  The man came running silently as if he was a 
shadow.  Tenchi tried to call to Ryoko.

	Ryoko saw the pale look in Tenchi's face and looked 
back.  She saw what he was afraid of.  She slipped into her 
knife pouch and pulled out another knife and threw it.  She 
watched as it connected into his skull as he flew backwards 
dead.
	
	Tenchi helped her to her feet.   "It's over.  We can 
go home," he said kissing lips one more time.  "You 
promised," he smiled.

	"I did, didn't I," she giggled back.
***
	"You see, Ayeka.  It was a challenge of the code.  I 
know you have no respect for thieves, but your brother was 
one.  Let me remind you when he left you for two months, 
and when he returned he was upset.  Now, put this in.  A 
week before his return God's Universe was reported stolen.  
Also, I know Jurians respect the code of chivalry, if 
anything, see it as that, a fight of honor.  Please Ayeka, 
I beg you.  Let Ryoko go.  Throw the case out, you have 
nothing.  I told you the truth.  Your brother stole the 
necklace and they fought, she won.  Please," he pleaded.

	Ayeka sat in her throne and nodded her head in defeat, 
"You are right.  I knew what he was.  I also assume Washu 
will be running in with a video tape of the scene," she 
laughed to herself.  "Very well, send the court in," she 
ordered.

	Tenchi watched as the members of council and jury walk 
in and stand in silence to wait for the verdict.  Tenchi 
looked up at Ayeka and waited as well, for her decision 
could change his life around.  He glanced back at Washu, 
who held his daughter.  He waved at them with a smile.  He 
turned back to Ayeka and waited.

	"People of the court.  I am making the verdict.  I 
know a lot of you thought it would be unfair if I did,  but 
you might change your mind," she spoke proudly.  "I am 
letting Ryoko go for reasons that I know, and will share 
with the council in private over my late brother Yosho.  
She is innocent and this court is adjourned," she spoke up 
and stood to her feet and exited the room.

	Tenchi watched as the guards carried Ryoko up the 
staircase.  She looked blinded by the light.  They took the 
cuffs off and tossed her toward Tenchi.  Tenchi caught her 
in his arms.  He knelt her to the ground and smelt her 
hair.  He pulled her up so he could see her eyes.  They 
still shined their golden light.  He placed his lip over 
hers and kissed her.  They remained like that for a short 
while.  Tenchi pulled away.

	"I know the entire truth," he said.  He brought his 
lips to her ear and whispered to where she could hear, but 
no one else.  "You're the real Shaw."
***
	Tenchi looked at the knife in his grandfather's head.  
He saw the 'S,' but something was written on the handle.  
He stepped to where he could read and saw the letters 'H A 
W' inscribed.  His grandfather's didn't have those 
inscriptions, and why would they?  He couldn't see those 
letters for when Ryoko held her knife they were hidden 
under her fingers.

	Ryoko walked to the dead body and pulled out the 
knife.  She replaced it with another one and turned to the 
group and said, "We will have a better chance this way."
***
	"I had no idea that it was vice versa.  You trained 
Grandpa," he whispered.  

	Ryoko nodded slightly and spoke, "Now enough chat.  
Take me home.  I want to see our daughter again," she 
smiled.

	"That's right, here you go," Washu cooed the infant 
and handed her to Ryoko.  "Grandma is giving you to your 
mother."

	Ryoko looked back up at Washu with tears in her eyes, 
"Thanks for everything.  You kept your word in your own 
way.  You were there to see your granddaughter," she cried.

	"I know you thought I was dead.  I will always try to 
keep my  promises from now on.  I just hope how I do it is 
enough," she said comforting her daughter.

	"It is.  It is," she whispered to Washu.

	"Let's go home family," Tenchi said and they walked 
out of the courtroom together.

THE END


	Thank you for reading my fan fic.  I hope this is what 
you wanted.  E-mail me on what you think at washu@saiyan.com.  
Thanks again.

	











