Fate of Empires

Author's note:

Okay, I don't own Tenchi Muyo or the characters of
Tenchi Muyo. They are the property of AIC and Pioneer.
I am not making any profit on this, so please don't
sue me. I am only a poor college student.

Okay fans of all things Tenchi, this isn't my first
Tenchi fic, it is just my first published one. I
do hope you enjoy it.

Note to you, this takes place in the OAV dimension
or Tenchi Muyo: Ryo-ohki for all of us who live in
the USA. It also take place and MNE and therefore
(of course this is exceedingly obvious) has Mayuka
in it.

Okay, there are so many characters that if I used
all of them the plot line could get pretty complicated.
So I am going to stick with the few I've started
with for the moment, the others pasts may come to
light later.

Oh yeah, C&C is appreciated so you can contact me
at ring_princess@hotmail.com

:thoughts:
:: mental speech ::
"normal speech"
<dates>
________major time passes
--------minor time passes


A/N okay, I'm sure a few have questions about the end of the last chapter. 
Well,
so did I when I went back and re-read it. How did Ryoko know aeka, sasami, 
yosho
and achika, but didn't know of tenchi. Well to answer that question, nagi 
and ken-ohki,
remember this is the OVA timeline, Nagi has never shown up, but she didn't 
know of Tenchi or
didn't tell Ryoko for some reason. (Shrug) does that help.

Chapter Five: Ryoko Dances


Ryoko smiled. The spirits of the world laughed in delight as the wind
tugged her along towards a place of beauty, where the petals danced like
fairies. They begged Ryoko to join in their dance.

She obliged with a laugh of crystal chimes.

Nagi hugged the shadows and smiled in rememberance. It had always been so,
if one couldn't find her in the temple she was in the gardens, dancing 
between
sunbeams.

Nagi heard a faint brush of wind next to her.

"Hello, Lord Yosho." she murmured quietly.

"This is not the Ryoko I remember." Yosho murmurs back just as quietly.

Nagi looked at Yosho for a moment, then at Ryoko. "Then you don't really 
know
Ryoko do you, your lordship."

He let that pass. "So you came back."

"I am sorry to hear the Achika is dead, she was a great lady and a wonderful 
friend."

"She wanted you here for the wedding."

Nagi blinked. "I know."

"So, what do you think of my grandson." Yosho said with a slight smile.

"He is more than he appears." She said neutrally.

Ryoko began to sing in a tongue unknown to Yosho. Spirits of the trees
joined her in her dance and reveled in her song.

Yosho raised an eyebrow. "Does she do that often?"

Nagi laughed softly, so suprising a sound from such a warrior. "No, just
when she feels extrodenarily happy. Which isn't often enough, I'm surprised 
that
the crystals in the lake haven't joined her."

"They've only taken cabbit form once." He mused.

Nagi snorted. "You don't know much about our culture do you. Shh... a 
crystal
comes."

Yosho watched in surprise as a crystal levitated over the ground and
began to chime and finally sing along with Ryoko. This attracted others 
until
the clearing flashed with crystal formations, both floating and resting on
the ground, the ones floating never stopped changing positions and the
eye was tantalized with vague forms.

"Beautiful." Someone else whispered and Nagi jerked in surprise.

It was Tenchi, amazingly she hadn't felt his presence, not like she had 
Yosho's.

Her brow furrowed, no one mortal was that good.

"So you like Lady Ryoko's dance, Lord Tenchi." Yosho said with some 
amusement.

The young man flushed scarlet and shot his grandfather a sharp look.

:You note the differnce well Grandfather, this is not Ryoko as we know her. 
If I didn't
know better I would dub the usual Ryoko, the warrior.:

"I came to tell you that the chores were done, Grandfather." He said 
quietly.

"And then got distracted by Lady Ryoko."

"It's not hard."

Nagi grinned. "And so the preistesses of the Great goddess learned the hard 
way. When Ryoko
dances no work is done in the Temple as they flock to the windows to watch." 
A faraway
look came to her eye. "Ah, it was so long ago when she last danced there. It 
is good
she is found again."

A look passed over Tenchi's face so fast that Nagi and Yosho were certain 
that they only
imagined it.

:And now that you have found her, will you take her away from her family and 
those who love her. Stop
lying to yourself Masaki, that is what has gotten you in trouble for years. 
The real question
is will you take her away from me, the one who is in love with her 
passionately, will you Nagi?:

Nagi stared at Ryoko. :There is more going on here than I know how to 
handle. Oh, Achika I wish
you were here to help me.:

Tenchi watched mesmerized by the dance and wished he could join in. He left 
Nagi and his grandfather on
one side of the clearing and headed towards the path.

Ryoko swayed in time to the music, until out of a corner of her eye she saw 
Tenchi watching
her from the path.

"Your dance is lovely, Lady Ryoko." He bowed.

She flushed slightly at the compliment. "Thank you Lord Tenchi. It is very 
kind of you to
say so."

Tenchi suppressed a quick grin. "I have been told that being kind is one of 
my greatest blessings
and curses."

Ryoko threw her head back and laughed. "I shall remember that and try not to 
take everything you say at
face value."

"But with you every word would be sincere." Tenchi blurted. :Smooth Masaki:

Ryoko looked at him surprised.

Nagi and Yosho exchanged shocked looks.

Tenchi smiled in chagrin. "Another of my faults, being truthful."

"Some might say milord, that honesty is a virtue."

"I concede the fight milady." He then gave a courtly bow. "May I have this 
dance?"

Ryoko didn't even raise her eyebrows as she gave a slight curtsey. "It would 
be my pleasure."

As they moved together, Tenchi leaned and whispered into her ear. "No, it 
would be mine."

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"On second thought, I like your grandson very well, Yosho." Nagi chuckled.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mishoshi stared at the doors of Washu's lab almost nervously. Almost but not 
quite. It was if
there was an extremely dangerous animal in there and she did not know how to 
react. Yet what could
disconcert this fighter.

"Duo. . ." She whispered. Her longing to be with him was like an ache, as if 
she had not had enough
sleep for some time. She turned her head from side to side as if afraid she 
had been caught. Even though
she knew no one else was here.

She had put this off long enough, it was time to end this. . . indecision.

Her face became neutral and she opened the door to the lab and quieted the 
crab before it even a chance to
jangle. Ignoring all machinery and stealthily creeping around to miss the 
diminutive scientist. She came
to a little used door that led down the back way to the third level.

Duo was leaning up against the wall of his cell. He blinked as Mihoshi 
seemed to appear from thin air.

"Mihoshi. . ." He hissed.

She put her finger to her lips in the classic entreaty for silence.

Even the lock of the Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe couldn't 
stand up to the skills of the
best detective in the force.

He followed her movements out of the lockup with ease that spoke of practice 
and they entered his ship.

Once inside and the door closed she had her arms around him and his were 
around her.

"I missed you, so Duo." She said in despair.

"Let's leave here while we have the chance, my love." He soothed.

"No, we need to talk, if we leave then the council will know. Everyone would 
know."

"Mihoshi, I think you are afraid of them."

"Correction, I'm terrified. I have seen what they can do to those who oppose 
or even displease them."

They stood together for a few moments in silence.

"Thank you," she whispered.

"So you did get the message."

"Not right away. No. But I figured it out."

"All I wanted to do out there was knock you to the ground and just hold 
you." He whispered into her hair.
His hand went up and stole her hair thing.

She giggled as her wavy blonde hair tumbled over her shoulders. "I felt the 
same, but neither of us could
show it. How pathetic."

He felt a grin tug the corners of his mouth. "Perhaps, this job wasn't so 
foolish after all."

She leaned back and brought her lips to his. ::Nope, my love, not foolish at 
all.::

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Kami cursed, excessively and repeatably.

Know some might think that because Kami was the creator of all the gods that 
he should be all knowing
and all powerful, unfortunatly things didn't always work like that. Others 
didn't know it but in the
begining he had been and his powers he parceled out to his creations. He was 
still more powerful than
all of them put together but wasn't as powerful as he used to be.

"She was integrating her old memories with her current memories. How in hell 
did this happen?"

He began to pace, "No the real question is should I set it straight?"

He looked at the dimensional cube again and shook his head. :The only way to 
monitor this situation
would be to be in the thick of it.:

Kami shrugged. "I'll let it be for now."

"What will you let be for now, father?"

Kami spun and a warm smile crossed his features. Technically Reishu wasn't 
his daughter, she was a creation
of Washu's, but she insisted on calling father, all because him and Washu 
had been in love.

"Ryoko and her memories."

"Are you undoing all my hard work father." She waved a finger at him. "You 
are naughty."

He grin, unabashed. "It is needed work, fate hangs in the balance Reishu, 
daughter."

Reishu tossed her long pastel pink hair over her shoulder and looked around 
thoughtfully. "Who am I
to argue with you father, fate is a fickle thing."

"Tsunami wishes to influence it another way, just as I predicted."

"She thinks that you are not active in the universe." Reishu laughed.

"They are oblivious of the things that I have done since the very start." 
Kami snorted.

"So we shall use the Tenchi situation to our advantage."

"As always."

The two Nekoan looking beings grinned conspiratorially at each other.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If Aeka had time to fume, she would, but wisely Sasami had put her to work 
and so she took out all
her feelings on the laundry.

Kiyone was helping her hang it up with rough wooden pins on the line.

Mayuka was not forgotten in all the doings of the house, she was being 
quietly watched whenever
anyone could spare an eye. Which basically left her to Ken-ohki, who was 
being rather discreet
about it.

::Ryo-ohki love, you are saying that Ryoko loves this child.::

::Yes dear, and the child loves her like a mother as well.:: Ryo-ohki 
perched on top of Sasami's
head as she cooked.

Ken-ohki cocked his head and looked at the child. ::What is so special about 
her?::

::Well, she is TENCHI'S child for one and Ryoko wants to be her mother.::

::In spirit, but not in flesh.::

::Yeah, something like that.:: She crinkled her nose.

::So is she succeeding:: He teased.

::Most admirably well.:: came the dry retort.

Ken-ohki snorts attracted odd looks from both Kiyone and Aeka, he managed an 
innocent look for
them and turned back to watching the baby.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryoko leaned on Tenchi's arm as they walked back to the house. Nagi and 
Katsuhito lagging behind.

"This place is so beautiful, Lord Tenchi." Ryoko wondered.

"It is even as beautiful in autumn, when the leaves change and in winter 
when the snow lies on the
ground."

"Snow. . ." She looked at him quizzically.

"Frozen rain, it comes in flakes in the shape of stars and covers the ground 
in a blanket of white."
he tried to explain.

"I shall have to see this, it sounds wonderful."

"But it's cold." he warned.

"Lord Tenchi, cold does not bother me."

"Please, Lady Ryoko, just Tenchi."

"Only if you call me Ryoko." She smiled and cast him a sideways glance. "So 
what do you with this. . .
snow."

"Well, you can make snowballs and throw them at others, or build a snowfort 
to hide behind. A snowman
to decorate or a snowtunnel to slide threw. Or you can go sledding or skiing 
or snow boarding."

She laughed lightly. "It sounds like you can have lots of fun with snow."

"Well, if the lakes freeze over you can skate on the ice."

"This winter. . ." She threw out the word. "Sounds nothing like we have at 
home." She looked over
her shoulder. "Perhaps Nagi we can try this winter and Nekoa."

She didn't notice Tenchi's pained look.

Nagi simply shuddered. "Some are more wary of the cold than you milady."

Ryoko rolled her eyes. "Wuss." She muttered.

"Be careful what you say, those words may come back to haunt you." Nagi 
warned her.

Tenchi snorted and Ryoko stiffled a giggled. "Obviously Tenchi doesn't think 
so. Oh dreaded Captian
of the Sacred Gaurd."

"Correction, I am your Gaurd now Lady Ryoko."

Ryoko blinked. :What did I do to rate my own gaurd.: She shook off her 
doubts and picked up the
pace. "Whatever you say, Captain."

CIAO!!!!! Ken-ohki growled at Aeka.

"Get away you miserable thing, I'm just trying to help Lady Mayuka."

Ken-ohki bared his fangs and bristled.

"Ken-ohki!" Nagi barked. Ryoko's eyes widened.

"Tenchi, who is Mayuka."

Tenchi turned a bit red. "My daughter."

"You are married." Ryoko seemed a bit mortified.

"No, Ryoko, I'm not." He said hurridly. "She is my daughter through a 
strange set of
circumstances."

"I am not a imbecile, Lord Tenchi. I know how children are made." Ryoko's 
face turned
red with anger and embarrassment. :How could he court me when he has 
another.: She fumed.

"Then you have not heard how the demon Yuzaha stole my DNA and created a 
child from it."
He tried to say cooly. "I had no part in her creation, only in her rebirth." 
:That the Warrior
Ryoko argued for quite well.: He looked at her. "I am telling you the truth, 
milady. On the
goddess Tsunami I swear it so."

Aeka was trying to work this to her advantage and her mind moved quickly. 
But Ryoko interupted
before she could say anything.

"Ryo-ohki is this true."

Miya, miya mio. Ryo-ohki chittered.

"Forgive me Tenchi, I jumped to conclusions without listening to you first."

"No, forgive me Ryoko for not telling you sooner."

The two looked each other in the eyes for a few long moments, before 
Mayuka's protests
of being left alone began to reach them.

"Shoo and let me get to her." Aeka told the cabbit.

"I'll get her Miss Aeka." Tenchi reassured her.

Ken-ohki muttered not a thing as Tenchi leaned down and picked up his 
daughter.

"Ryoko, Lady of Nekoa, meet my daughter, Mayuka or Little May, Young Lady of 
Jurai."

Ryoko looked at him uncertainly and then looked at the little girl. "Hello 
May. She held
out her finger which May grabbed at steadily.

"Mama!" she cried.

Jaws dropped and Ryoko stood in shock.

Ken-ohki and Ryo-ohki just exchanged smug smiles. ::The little one knows who 
she is.::

::That she does my love, that she does.::

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mihoshi managed to get Duo back to his cell and out of Washu's lab all 
without her
knowing.

She walked into the previous scene and stood to consider it's implications. 
:I would not
want to be in Ryoko's shoes right now, nor in Aeka's:

Kiyone noticed her first. "Mihoshi, where have you been?"

"Around." Mihoshi said vaguely.

"Around where?" Kiyone said crossly. She wasn't going to take the normal 
crap from Mihoshi.

"Getting some answers." Mihoshi said curtly. :From Duo and then from Gak 
although I had
to pry them out of him. It wasn't a pretty sight either. Praise the balance 
she wasn't there
to see that.:

"From who could you get answers?"

"From those I can trust, Kiyone. The Galaxy Police is not one of those 
places." She said
coldly. :To wrapped up in Jurain affairs and the council's sticky fingers 
are everywhere.
Damn them to a long hot hell.:

Kiyone's mouth closed with a snap. "You and I need to talk about procedure."

"Talk about it, Kiyone. Just not to me. I am sick and fed up of the Galaxy 
Police's
other projects and affairs." She held up a hand to forestall what Kiyone was 
going
to say. "I am NOT the Mihoshi you know, Kiyone. Forget her and her bumbling 
ways.
I was and am still the best officer on the force. Even as I was, I chose my 
own assignments
and partners, you are here for a reason." :You are my watchdog, just as Gak 
is Duo's, but
you don't know that, he does and that makes him valueable and both are 
manipulatable.:

"And that reason is. . ." Kiyone taunted.

"You are one of the few officers left that I consider trustworthy. The rest 
are to busy. . ." Mihoshi
clamped her mouth shut. "Nagi, Lady Ryoko, I need to ask you a few 
questions."

"Whenever you are ready, Detective." Nagi said respectfully. "Just remember 
that while the
action took place in Jurai, I am a Nekoan citizen and you must treat me with 
respect."

"Does Ryoko not enter that equation Captian Nagi."

"You must deal with me before you get to her." Nagi gave a bone chilling 
smile and the look
in her eyes was cruel.

"You can not do this Mihoshi." Kiyone yelled at her.

"Don't make me pull rank, Kiyone. It is and has been done." Her eyes were 
cold. "Damn them all." she muttered.

Ryoko extracted her finger from Mayuka's. "I will answer your questions as 
well, though I am afraid that I
won't be that helpfull."

"Anything will help, Lady Ryoko." Mihoshi's mood swung to gentle in a blink 
of an eye.

Ryoko gathered her skirts in one hand and gave a brave smile. "Then shall we 
start."

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mihoshi sat down on the chair in the living room.

"What I need to know is simply this. Who is coming after you and why?"

Ryoko bit her lip. "The Empress of Nekoa."

Mihoshi looked expectant, as if she wanted more.

Ryoko stood up and paced. She finally stopped and raised her hands in the 
air
dramatically, not paying the least bit of attention to the rest of the 
family who
crowded the doors. "I don't know. I have never known why she hated me so. It 
is my
very existence is an affront to her. I do not recall any particular incident 
between
us that would cause this enimity." She swirled and looked Mihoshi straight 
in the
eye. "By the goddess, I have never understood what went wrong."

Nagi sighed. "I know why, Lady Ryoko."

"I have to know so that I can deal with this threat to the royal family of 
Jurai." Mihoshi said firmly.

Kiyone gave a slight nod.

Nagi's lips twitched. "But what of the Regal Family of Nekoa. We shall deal 
with the empress ourselves.
I am sure High Preistess of the goddess Syoko, Preistess of Reishu, Makoto 
and even Reishu are working
on that."

"The Regal Family of Nekoa." Kiyone was questioning.

Nagi stood up and suddenly kneeled on her knee in the direction of Ryoko. 
"Princess Regal, your
faithful gaurd awaits your command."

Ryoko fainted.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"I'm afraid the day was too much of a shock to her." Ryoko heard Washu 
saying faintly
in the background.

Ryoko  groaned.

"Well, she is waking up." Nagi said drolly.

"My head hurts." Ryoko croaked.

"It should, you hit the coffee table on the way down." Washu said bluntly. 
"It is a good thing
that the greatest scientific genius of the universe on hand to fix you up."

Ryoko opened her eyes and gave Washu a weak glare. "How you and your ego 
even share a room Little
Lady Washu I don't know."

Washu rolled her eyes. "She'll be fine."

"Damn straight I will. Nagi, captian give me a hand up will you."

Nagi held her hand out. Ryoko grabbed it and pulled herself up and Nagi did 
the same.

"The key to the box is on the rafter, I found it a few days before the 
bounty hunters
showed up."

Nagi eyes widened. Aeka gasped.

Ryoko just cracked her neck with one hand and held her aching skull with the 
other.

"Mama?" May broke the silence.

"Oh, baby, mama's right here. I have been neglecting you haven't I?" she 
cooed, but she winced
as she said it.

"Ryoko," Aeka shreiked. "How many times do I have to tell you that you are 
not Mayuka's mother?"

Tenchi was standing there slack jawed. "Ryoko. . ." He whispered.

Ryoko stood in front of him. "Tenchi, I didn't know, I really didn't." She 
began to stutter.

He put a finger on her lips. "Hush. May needs her mother, she doesn't care 
if that mother is
a princess." His eyes said what his lips couldn't. :And neither do I.:

She nodded in understanding, and gently took May from him. 'We need to 
talk.' She mouthed
at him.

'Tonight, the cave.' He mouthed back.

She nodded slightly and headed towards the fridge. "No wonder your crying, 
doesn't anybody ever
feed you at this place."

"I demand an explanation." Aeka face mottled in anger.

Nagi looked at Ken-ohki who headed after Ryoko to gaurd her.

"You are a First Princess of Jurai, Highness. Ryoko is the Princess Regal of 
Nekoa, the declared
heir apparent, our next Regal Empress."

Tenchi stood there quietly, listening behind him as Ryoko sang May a 
lullabye in the language
she was using amoung the trees.

Katsuhito watched his grandson carefully.

Tenchi just began to grin, then snicker and finally full out laugh. He wiped 
tears from his
eyes as the others just watched him as if he was insane.

He shook his head and left the room. "A princess. . ." He chuckled.

"Don't forget space pirate too bub. It's a package deal." Ryoko called after 
him.

He whirled and there was something in his eyes that his grandfather could 
not quite read.

"If you say so milady." He said formally and sarcastically. He then turned 
and ran.

"Scroundrel, rogue, ruffian." Ryoko flung at him as he headed down the path. 
She looked
down at the content Mayuka. "I worry about your papa some days love."

May gave Ryoko one very deliberate wink.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Kami crowed in delight. "They integrated. Her memories intergrated. I shall 
specially put
that coffee table in a place of high regard. Oh yes."

It was a strange sight, to see the much venerated Kami doing a dance around 
the Hall of Heaven.
Reishu stifled her giggles.

"Dad."

"It's a beautiful day!" He began to sing. His voice a beautiful tenor.

Reishu gave up and outright laughed at the sight of Kami twirling on the 
marble
floor.

He stopped and glared at her. "Are you laughing at me?"

"Ye. .yes." She gasped.

He grinned. "Good, just making sure."

This only made her laugh harder.

Kami drew her into the dance and laughing they swirled. The Hall rang with 
their laughter.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sasami hummed happily, everything was going to be all right. :Ryoko is 
better and a PRINCESS and
we have some new members to our 'family', Nagi and Ken-ohki. This family 
just keeps getting larger
and larger.:

"A Jurain for your thoughts Lady Sasami." Nagi said quietly from where she 
was peeling carrots
for that nights dinner.

"I was just thinking on how great everything is." Sasami said cheerily.

"Sasami, do you want me to be honest with you?"

Sasami gave Nagi a look of concern. "Yes, please. It is so hard sometimes 
for others to
tell me the truth."

"And you know when it is lies, because you are Tsunami as well, is that not 
right child."
Nagi said quietly.

Sasami just nodded sadly.

"Which is as it should be, for Tsunami, Sasami, is a goddess of truth, a 
goddess of good."
Nagi took a breathe. "No, Little Lady, everything is not great, or not from 
my veiw of things.
The empress will try again, and again, and one time she may suceed. But I 
cannot leave because
I know Ryoko will not. This, as strange as it may seem to me, is her home. 
Her home on Nekoa
is a home of memory, where everything will have changed in the last 700 to 
1000 years she
has been gone."

Sasami thought about this and then nodded. "I can see what you mean. Tenchi 
is here and so
is Mayuka, she loves them both and won't leave."

"Your forgetting something Sasami, she will not leave without the gems." 
Nagi said softly.

Sasami sighed. "Tsunami is of the opinion that she should never have them 
again."

"Tsunami is wrong, it is wrong to defy Ryoko of part of what she is. Perhaps 
if
she had all the gems some of her problems would depart from her."

"I do not understand Tsunami, Nagi. She makes me see things I do not want to 
see
and know things I do not want to know, and then she says I do not understand
what she has shown me." Sasami didn't know why she was telling this to her, 
Nagi
and virtual stranger.

Nagi put her knife down and opened her arms, Sasami came into them 
gratefully. Nagi began
to stroke her hair and her eyes turned far away.

"Do you know Sasami, that I will never be able to have children."

"How awful." Sasami cried.

Nagi gave a small laugh. "No, it isn't really, because I did so by choice. I 
chose to
become sexless, a neuter so that I could serve the Regal Family and the 
Sacred Ones
more faithfully. So that I would not have divided loyalities between family 
and the ones
I serve."

"Your masters." Sasami said brokenheartedly.

"No, Sasami, my superiors." she corrected. "I was young and I did not want a 
family and
this was a glamorous job. I didn't know of the consequences, and could not 
know them
until I was shown and I experienced them. With experience and careful 
thought comes
understanding. Tsunami doesn't know this, she is a goddess and tends to 
think of experience
in thousands of years. Just because you are young doesn't mean you don't 
understand. Next
time she says this, show her, through your words and actions that you do 
understand. Don't
let her despise you because of your youth."

Sasami nodded and dried her eyes on her apron.

Nagi then grinned. "Besides it is her own fault for choosing you."

Sasami laughed.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

AN alright, enough, on principle I would write more, but. . . well, I am 
running out of ideas
for this chapter.

And I know I will get this question, is it amnesia or what. . . umm it's 
not. . . in the
strictest sense of the word but in a way it is because she doesn't remember 
those memories,
I think pschzophrenia is closer.

So this was rather abrupt ending. Deal.

Next time, the midnight meeting and back to Nekoa for some time with our 
favorite
preistesses.

Other ideas are in the works.

no pouting if this didn't go where you wanted it.

Review, review, review. the more you review the better I can make it.

Later
RingPrincess.

