I have been a fan since the first time they showed Akira on the Sci Fi
channel I now can consider myself an Anime junkie. I have an extensive and
uncontrollable thirst for more and more Anime and different forms in which
to enjoy it. This is my attempt to stick my feet into it. All thou I have
written or at least attempted to write my own anime movies and series, which
exist on other websites and my personal files over other websites so I won’t
plug them. But I have always been attracted to the idea of altering a
favorite show or book so you as a fan could come as close to being apart of
the magic and emotions that come with anime. Anime to me is more then just a
cartoon and I am disgusted when ever some one that doesn’t know any thing
about it criticizes it. And if I can I invite them over and pull out such
great movies like Galaxy express 999 and they become insistently addicted.
That is the power of Anime. And I love arguing but this is a fan fiction
site and I am sure you would like for me to get on with it.
        Synopsis: This fan fiction takes place after the very first Tenchi
Muyo
after the last episode when Tenchi fights the Juraian suitor and the king
leaves leaving Sasami and Aeka in the care of Tenchi. I picked this series
not because it is my favorite but because it is more popular in the US
(United States) and people are more familiar with it then the movies or Shin
Tenchi (Tenchi in Tokyo) and since I am posting it on the internet I figure
might as well try and make it enjoyable to you the reader. And all though it
went against all that I believe in Anime I even plugged Kiyone in it for all
the Tenchi Universe fans. But mainly for some reason you will figure out if
you read along, it really works in the story line. And to all of you who are
dreading the worst and obvious I have not written the girls so they would be
after the New Character they all have different relationships with the New
Character but NONE like they have with Tenchi, and no the New Character is
not a replacement for Tenchi and I tried to stay with the pure Tenchi script
and have it revolve around all not just single characters. And for the
people that have taken the time to research their Anime I give them a head
bow and respect and to show this I have researched Tenchi and all the
characters to the point of breaking. And I have created the best character
bios that I could do with the change in information in so many web sights.
And no I have not changed the original story line in any way. So I would
like to say Enjoy.

Chap 1

                        700 years before the Gathering on earth

On the outskirts of the Jurian city capital, sits a small farm with a simple
house, which is just beginning to be weaved into destiny. A small boy ran to
the table for dinner, his worries were the same as a small boy should be,
weather or not to try and stay up with his mother or to fall asleep early so
he could wake up with his father.

A simple but beautiful woman came thru the kitchen carrying a plat of food
for her family of four “ Here it comes, come Sky sit down”

The young father patted the chair next to him “ Yes come sit by your father”

The young boy ran to his father’s side “ Ok dad” the small boy sat down next
to his father on the floor. “ Father”

The father stopped eating “ Yes”

“ What time are you waking up tomorrow”

“ Same time as I always do, when the sun rises over the mountains, why are
you going to wake up with your father”

“ I don’t know I was just wondering”

The mother set down another plate and stood above both the father and the
boy crossing her arms “ But don’t forget you have school tomorrow”

“ Yes listen to your mother, I don’t want to be in trouble because you were
late to school again, because you where in the fields with me.”

The boy innocently smiled at his mother “ I wont be late again”

Later that night the small boy lay by his mother’s feet while she sewed a
scarf by the light of the nights fire.

The boy sat at her lap watching the fire embers turn red and leap from the
ash covered log “ Mother what are you sewing”

The young women continued her sewing glancing quickly at the child’s eyes “
A scarf for your father”,

“ Why”

“ Come sit next to your mother” The young women helped the small boy onto
her lap
“ Listen when he is in the field on hot days he sweats and he needs
something to dry his eyes off with”

The young boy placed his head on her chest closing his eyes “ Why does he
sweat”

“ Because he works hard to till and work the fields so that we can have a
shelter over our heads and food in our bellies”

“ Mother are we poor”

“ Money wise we don’t have a lot of it but… listen Sky a man is not judged
by how much money he has or how elegant he is dressed, he is judged by the
actions he does and the content of his heart, these things make up his
character, your father is a real man, he has sacrificed a lot for you and
your sister so that you can go to a good school and never have to fill the
grip of hunger like he had to”

“Oh”

.       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .
.       .         .

The small child awoke in a pile of rubble he had blacked out from the
explosion. It was sunrise he could see just half of the morning’s golden
glow over the distant mountains. He looked over at the burnt land that his
father worked so hard to till. His house was now a pile of rubble on the
ground the memories from last night was still burned in his head. He did the
only thing he could think about doing at the time like that he picked up his
fathers till and worked at the burnt field. The small boy worked in tell his
hands were raw and bleeding his wounds from previous night that had scabbed
where reopened by the hard labor, his blood dripped down his arms and soaked
the land his father had bleed for. The young boy worked in tell the night
came. He collapsed in the middle of the field from heat exaction. He slept
far into the night; it was day when a pounding on the ground awoke him. He
could see troopers come down the road and stop out side of his home. The
young boy watched as two women dressed in elegant robes run to him while the
soldiers searched the rubble for survivors.

“ Are you OK child” the women with long blue hair tried to help him up but
his legs where to weak to stand.

The boy tried his best to lift his arms but he quickly gave up do to pain “
I can’t move”

The first women with long blue hair knelt over him “ Don’t try to move your
hurt badly”

“ Please let us help you” The blue haired women held his head up off the
ground.

“ I don’t need any ones help” the young boy brushed there hands away and
tried to stand by himself but pain shoot up his legs and back, he fell back
into there arms.

The brown haired women held his hand as he went into convulsions “ Your such
a strong boy no doubt you don’t need our help, but can you at least let us
help you with your wounds”

In a break from convulsions he held his head up spiting blood from open
wounds inside his body “ Why do you want to help me, what do you want”

Both women looked solemnly in his blood shot eyes filled with dust and dirt,
but it was the brown haired women who spoke first “ You don’t need a reason
to help someone”

The boy was barley able to control his breathing kept his eyes closed “ Who
are you”

Completely encased in darkness he couldn’t see any one but, he could hear a
smooth voice start to talk to him pulling him back from darkness “ My name
is Funaho this is Masaki”

“ Why do you want to help me”?

“ Because I believe that every one needs a friend”

The boy allowed the women to dress his wounds, he imagined the deep blue
sky, his name sake, his memories flowed to when he asked his mother about
his name and why it was different then all the other kids names. She had
told him that his name meant kindness, and freedom, she had told him that
the only certainty in life was the sky and how it was always going to be
there no matter what, protecting you from whatever would fall from the
heavens.  The memory of his mother and her words flooded in his mind making
him choke up, he fought for all he was worth to stop from crying but his
want to see his mother and the realization that he could never hold her
again was to much, he curled up into the blue haired women’s arms she held
him in her lap.

A solider came up to the dark haired women “ Lady Funaho, we found three
bodies a man, woman’s and child’s”

Funaho stopped and looked at the weeping boy “ So Masaki what should we do,
he has no family, no home”

Masaki held the boy tighter as to keep him from dying as well “ What is
there else to do, he is the only survivor in this town it was by pure luck
that we where able to find him, we have to take him home”

700 hundred years after Ryoko’s attack

The young man ran threw the deep forests of Juries Royal garden. It was
filled with traps and deadly animals; it was designed so that only the most
powerful of all Jurai royal family could gain safe passage. Many soldiers
who hoped to become Juries royal knights had made there last stand in these
very same gardens. He felt proud that he was following in there honored
footsteps, but his head was still on his task he needed to go thru the worst
section to the highest temple of Juries royal capital. Not even the most
powerful knights have ever dared enter that section.
        The young man had on the normal Jurai commoners shirt and pants he
had to
go without any help from any Juries devices his connection to the Tree’s
where even cut off leaving him powerless and helpless, even the knights that
came before him were able to take a weapon. He ran if possessed, branches
hit him and thorns cut him as he sprinted threw the bushes. He had already
been running for nearly ten hours the first part of the test was simply for
endurance. But he was approaching the second part it tested his over all
agility and strength with random set of traps.

.       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .
.       .         .

      In the high tower the Royal family watched the young man continue
unrelentlessly, he was already making great time and has proved his trainers
that he had learned well. He had gone well past any normal Jurian who had
attempted this daunting task. But his tests laid farther a head. The second
Queen of the Jurai Royal family watched as the young man pushed his body to
its fullest.

“ Oh no why did he have to do this” Masaki held a fold of her robe tight.
Funaho who had a large hand in training the young man as a knight of Jurie
was impressed at what he had become. “ I don’t know why he has to do this,
you didn’t even have to do this” The King had kept himself from leaning over
the window he had trust in the boy and he didn’t need to prove it by
watching him abuse his body.

.       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .
.       .         .

The young man’s shirt was torn, ripped, and burnt from laser beams, and was
becoming dead weight, so he had to tear it off leaving his bare chest open
to any attacks from traps. He was nearly to the temple and almost done with
the second test. He jumped up and grabbed a limb of a tree he used his body
weight and swung across a large hole containing spikes on the bottom but he
had misjudged the trap and it was to late as his bare feet hit the ground it
gave way and he fell down a tunnel that led on a downward slop straight to
the bottom of the large hole with a direct course to the deadly spikes. He
couldn’t believe he let that slip by him. But he wasn’t about to let one
mistake stop him he knew Funaho wouldn’t let him do that. He bent forward
and slowed himself down with his feet, and just as he came to the end he
leapt up averting the spikes, using his right foot to propel himself to the
other side of the whole he leapt again using his left foot to propel him
across to the other side and with a final leap of his right foot he grabbed
for the edge of the hole gripping rock and grinding his fingertips. He felt
his muscles tighten and bulge from over use as he pulled himself over the
side, some how he made it to the other side of the whole. He stode up
triumphantly he stared at the large tower where he knew the King and both
Masaki and Funaho were watching him.
But his moment of victory was short and he ran off to the last part of his
test and the most dangerous. He was the first ever to make it this fare and
no one but the priest that maintained the temple where allowed to see in it.

.       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .
.       .          .

        Masaki cringed as the young man fell down in the trap and she lost
sight as
he was swallowed up by the dark hole. She believed him to be dead and stode
at the edge of the window hoping somehow he would make it out. The king had
found his way to the window and watched anxiously as the young mans hands
appeared above the rim of the hole. He knew such a simple trap wouldn’t beat
him. He almost laughed out loud as the young man looked to the window where
they where watching him in, Yes he thought to himself he is worthy of being
a knight he has at least proven that much. Funaho smiled she was proud of
the young man he had surpassesed all others expectations even hers, but
could he surpasses even his own expectations.

.       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .
.       .         .

The young man looked in awe at the vastness of the temple it was a huge
round building with an alter on one side and one door where he stode now
opposite it. Between the two points where two vast hole this time with a
semingless endless pit. With small slab of floating stones that laid a
blanket across the hole, next to that was another hole this time with bars
spinning going up and down left and right some even had spikes that stuck
out every few moments. And finally the pedestal with the alter and covering.
He could only guess that he had to make it across the two holes.
He leapt down on to the first floating slab it didn’t sway or move but it
was still unsettling to have only a half-inch of metal in between you and a
bottom less pit. Across from him a slab opposite the one he was on fell into
the pit not to mention the whole row behind him. After a few jumps he
noticed that they fell into a pattern every step he toke another stone fell
a slab closer to him. He jumped from stone to stone in tell it was only him
and one slab in front of him he knew he could make it to the edge by jumping
if he could only make it to that stone but if he jumped the stone he had to
make it to would be the next to fall. But he couldn’t stop there not when he
was so close. He prepared for a final jump but he steady himself just in
case he was going to fall. He bent and jumped his feet landed on the slab
and for a moment it felt stable but he felt it give way as it fell lifeless
he thought quickly and bent down and sprang up catching the side his heart
nearly leapt into his arms he had made the jump but two saws came out of the
wall and started to come towards him one on each side. He struggle to get up
but his arms where already tiered and he felt them burn as he forced on arm
over, the blades came even closer as he managed to get the second arm over,
the blades where so close enough for him to fill the vibrations on the whole
wall. In a desperation move he used nearly all his strength to pull him over
the side just as the blades converged cutting two whole in his pants and
drawing blood from his legs.
He laid exasted on the floor he didn’t know if he had enough strength to
finish. But he heard the saws start to cut air as the came out of the wall
and hovered above his head.

Suddenly he could hear a voice echo in the temple walls. “ You don’t have to
do this, you have proved yourself worthy, no one expected you to get this
far, so you facing this test was never an issue, but the trees say that you
have 0% chance of surviving this so please give up, don’t put yourself throe
this”.

He could fill every muscle in his body quiver, his heart beat hard in his
chest, his body burned and bleed, he could hear the blade above his head,
but something deep down below him boiled up, memories of fire, blood, and
death filled his head and he could fill himself retain the whole reason why
he was doing this he could fill his restraints and self doubts flee him.
“NEVER”

>From within the tower the main advisors looked on in wonder, no one had
ever
gone that far, they didn’t know what was more impressing his unshakable
determination or his reply to the Queen Masaki.

“Never, will I ever give up, I have gone to far to just say I am done, I
need to do this not for you or the council I need to do this for ME”, The
young man ran as fast as he could to the bars he leapt across landing on one
horizontal bar but the spikes popped out and dug deep into his feet he
flinched but held his balance. As soon as he regained his composher he
jumped on the next one and let it carry him up in tell he could step onto
the next one, he could here the blades starting to speed up as they zipped
across the room he could see his feet dripping blood which traveled to the
bottom of the hole. He jumped and skipped a few bars by grabbing onto a
vertical bar and let himself slip down it, catching himself on a horizontal
bar he was three bars away from the alter.
He leapt to the next one and caught it with his hands but the spikes came
out and cut threw his palm the pain traveled into his neck as the blood
trickled down his bare arm and onto his chest. He could see the top of the
spikes sticking out of his knuckles. He eased one hand off and grabbed the
next bare to his hopes there were no spikes, and he tried to balance all his
weight on his injured hand while he struggled to get it across to the next
bare. He felt his wet palms slip as the blood covered the bar. “ Ahhhhhhhh”,
he couldn’t help from screaming out in pain, he desperately reached over and
grabbed the last bare as it floated over the solid floor he let his body
fall just as the blades cut the bar in half and head straight to the shrine
but just before they hit a bunch of electrical beams shot out making the two
metal blades fall clanging on the floor. He forced himself on all four’s
trying to fight the urge to pass out.
The king of Jurie smiled proudly at the remarkable young man, he couldn’t
believe the sight of pure will and determination he was seeing as he watched
as the young boy stode up and limped to the shrine.
The young man dragged his bloody feet behind him as he left a blood trail
where ever he stepped, as he approached the alter he tried as much as he
could to brace his self, he already knew what to expect as the electricity
struck him he was far enough away so only one blast hit him and sent him to
his knees. His chest was singed where the bolt hit him. He forced himself up
again and this time as the bolt hit him he braced himself even more and
continued to walk forward the stream of electricity continued to flow threw
him. As the second bolt hit him he staggered and managed to keep from
falling but when the third bolt hit him he fell backward and nearly passed
out. The only thing that kept him from going unchonchise was the face of
Funaho and Masaki smiling at him, it was like they where almost just above
him. He held that image as he forced his self up, he stode his ground even
as the three bolts hit him continuously pounding him harder and harder, he
could fill his blood begin to heat up, they drove him farther on his knees,
he gritted his teeth and lifted up his head screaming out, not in pain but
in victory “ I WILL NOT GIVE IN”, in the high tower a cry so powerful it
echoed over the speakers and made all who heard it gasp as there hearts
leapt and hope arose, Lady Masaki fell to her knees and stared at the
picture of the young boy turning into a man. Lady Funaho lit up with
anticipation and true love for the boy’s spirit. The proud king of Planet
Jurie couldn’t help but smile, he didn’t even care if someone saw him the
young man disserved it, no he dissevered more.

The young man grabbed the hard wooden handle of the sword that lay sheathed
in the alter. Its dragon carving dug into his cut as the bolts hit him it
heated up the handle and it burned the emblems deep into his palms and
wrists. He swung the large sword high over his head and screamed as he
brought it down across all three-bolt conductors,
“ Hughhhhh” sparks flew over his body and bounced off his face, he stood for
a moment victorious before he fell limp to the floor a strange smile
appeared on his face as his head bounced off the hard ground.
        As the sparks flew a single tear ran down the stern face of Funaho
now
wrinkled from a smile that spread from ear to ear. It was one of the
proudest moments she had ever experienced and she knew that he had earned
every thing that he would now get when he returned to the palace.

.       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .
.       .          .

All over the planet of Jurie the trees beamed as the commended the young man
and talked about it within themselves, even on earth the tree known as
Funaho beamed bright colors to the surprise to Aeka and Sasami and every one
else near the Masaki residents. But no one knew why. Except a certain shrine
priest who knew all to well what the trees talked about. “ What is it, Lady
Aeka”, the boy stood in only his pants for the lights awoke him from his
sleep. “ I…do…not know”

.       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .
.       .          .

        The young man awoke in the comfortable bed he had grown used to
awaking in.
It was relatively small and overlooked the royal capital of Jurie it was
part of the royal family’s palace and he had stayed there for many years but
he had only recently moved there because he wanted more privacy from the
nursemaids that catered to his every movement. His body was rejuvenated from
the medical staff at the palace his body almost felt throbbing with the
Jurian trees power. He diffidently felt different he felt older wiser like
he had finally grown up. He stood up from his bed and walked over to the
window, he was wearing a Jurian nobles pants they had changed him while he
slept. He carried the scares all over his body, he didn’t want them gone and
he had hoped that when the doctors where fixing him they didn’t cover them
up. But what surprised him even more was that the burns of the handle had
let two dragons that traveled up his arms and some how had marked him on his
back. He knew that today would be the day that he left and he would present
himself in front of the King and the two Queens to get a public
acknowledgment, and there permission to leave.

He toke his time dressing every action that he toke felt new. He dressed in
a normal pair of pants and a ceremonial robe. While he sorted threw his
cloths on things to bring he came across a pair of gloves with the fingers
cut off and something compelled him to put them into his bag. He finished
and left for the thrown room he knew that he should leave as soon as
possible and get all his goodbyes over with.

In the thrown room of the palace of Jurie every one from the top ranking
representatives from all of the noble family’s to the Nursemaid that toke
care of him waited anxiously for the young mans arrival. “ It is exiting
isn’t it Funaho, I still cant believe he did it”.

“ No it is something else, its not every day that someone completes the
greatest of all Knightly Tests and gains the rights to the Sword of
Tsunami”.

A messenger came running in the palace room nearly stumbling over his self
“ He is coming down the hall” he toke his place on the side of the walk way
just as the young man came walking threw.

“ He even looks different doesn’t he Masaki”

“ He is not the little one we helped raise he is now a man”

The young man walked with a proud pace in tell he came in front of the kings
thrown and he toke a knee. The king stood up and put a hand on his head
respecting the young mans right to be in front of the king and the Queens.
The king spoke with a deep voice showing his power as King, “ You have
attempted the right of the Sword of Tsunami have you not”

“ Yes”

“ Did you complete the Test and gain the rights to the Sword of Tsunami”

“ Yes sir I have”

“ Then do you have proof of it something you can show us to prove your claim
to the rights of the Sword of Tsunami”?

The young man stood up and removed his robe and handed it to a servant. His
scar of the dragon stood out almost like a tattoo and people started
mumbling filling the room with disbeliveers and believers alike.

“ Then with the councils permission I present you with the Rights of the
Sword of Tsunami” another servant came in with a robe and a wrapped bundle.
“ The king toke the rob with markings of a high level Noble knight, and put
it around the young mans shoulder, and handed the sword over to the young
man who healed it above his head, he was not permeated to unwrap it in front
of commoners so he had to keep it in the bundle.

But every one could tell by the length that it was a powerful sword. “Then
now you are here now be known as a royal knight of the royal family of Jurie
with the highest nobility that can be placed on a knight, you will now is
second only to the Kings, and you have all the privileges and powers that
come with it, but you also have all the responsibilities and hard ships, you
are now signally responsibility for all of Jurie and its people and you must
do all in your power to protect it and its people, you have duties to the
royal family and must protect any one and every one that I consider family
that is your right as the holder of  the Sword of Tsunami now stand and be
recognized, by all of who you protect.” He stood and presented himself to
the room and to the entire planet Jurie, and the whole room and the planet
of Jurie bowed to him even the highest nobles showed their respect by bowing
their heads.

He was now the sole protector of the planet Jurie. “ Now you came to us
without a name and you must leave with a name, have you picked what you will
be know as.”

The young man lifted his head up “ I will like to be known as Sky Niakii
that is my noble name.”

“ Fine pick, you will be know as Sky Niakii, and your name shall be a passed
on by all of your noble birth and will be respected by all, your family’s to
come its honor shall be protected by the royal fleet and shall carry the
honor of the Sword of Tsunami, you will have a mansion on the greatest land
of Jurie along with your own tree and ship.” “ Do you have any requests you
would like to ask before you start out on your new life”?

“ Yes I would like to leave on a trip to earth I ask that my duties be
suspended while I am away, but I will come with any word that I am needed”

“ Then I will grant this, with only one restriction that when you come back
you must be ready to live as protector of Jurie, do you agree with my terms”

“ Yes sir, thank you”

Sky said goodbye to the King and gave the queens each a huge although Masaki
held on for a little longer then he wanted to. He then left down the plat
form to his ship Menoshi to leave towards earth. The two queens’ of planet
Jurie watched as his ship left orbit and speed off towards Earth. “ Do you
think he will be able to make it there.

Funaho looked on towards space “ He will have Aeka and Sasami there at least
they know him but what I remember trouble seems to be attracted to that
planet so it won’t be a vacation, I just hope he doesn’t start to get his
memories back”

End of chapter one