Author's note:

Okay, I don't own Tenchi Muyo or the characters of
Tenchi Muyo. They are the property of AIC and Pioneer.
I am not making any profit on this, so please don't
sue me. I am only a poor college student.

Okay fans of all things Tenchi, this isn't my first
Tenchi fic, it is just my first published one. I
do hope you enjoy it.

Note to you, this takes place in the OAV dimension
or Tenchi Muyo: Ryo-ohki for all of us who live in
the USA. It also take place and MNE and therefore
(of course this is exceedingly obvious) has Mayuka
in it.

Okay, there are so many characters that if I used
all of them the plot line could get pretty complicated.
So I am going to stick with the few I've started
with for the moment, the others pasts may come to
light later.

Oh yeah, C&C is appreciated so you can contact me
at ring_princess@hotmail.com

:thoughts:
:: mental speech ::
"normal speech"
<dates>
________major time passes
--------minor time passes

Tenchi Muyo Saga One: Fate of Empires
	Growing UP Pt. 2
	Action
		by RingPrincess


<Meanwhile outside our solar system>

Duo sat staring at the beautiful planet of Earth. His ship was the best that 
money
could buy and though he sat parsecs away from where he truly wanted to be, 
he could see it as
if he were merely on the moon.

However, his peace was short lived. His communication console beeped and Duo 
held back a curse
by sheer will.

"Hamika."

"Hi Boss, a job has come up in a nearby system and we want to know if we 
should take it."

Duo cocked his head at the strange being in front of him. It was obviously 
alien, the thing was
it was not anywhere near humaniod. The only resemblance was the lips, which 
formed the
Jurian words with little diffuculty. The rest of the being was another 
story. He (for it
looked male for a lack of a better word) had four arms and instead of 
walking, slithered
across the floor, leaving a trail of slime behind him. The eyes were 
multi-faceted like
a house-fly and the color was that annoying orange of traffic cones, with a 
few hot pink
stripes.

"What system, Gak?"

"Nekoan."

Duo practically shot off his chair.

"You idiot, Nekoa is not a system, but a bloody EMPIRE. Who did you talk, 
too?"

"A female, gold hair, green eyes."

Duo swallowed hoping to wet his suddenly dry throat. Gak was pretty good a 
descriptions.

"Go on. . ."

"I'd told her we'd think about it, she didn't seem so pleased about that." 
Gak shrugged.

Duo sighed, he should have dropped Gak a long time ago, the slime-ball 
always got them in so much
trouble. "The target resides. . ."

"Currently at Jurian Colony 0315, also called Earth."

Duo perked up, Earth, where his Mihoshi was.

"She seemed pretty eager to have this person, she was offering quite a sum. 
A hundred million
Galactic credits."

Duo almost whooped in joy, :That'd be enough to pay off my debt and find 
someway to be near Mihoshi!:

"Tell her we'll take the job."

"Of course sir." Gak turned away and spoke what sounded like gibberish to 
another screen.

Duo rubbed his hands together and began to pace. He suddenly stopped and 
looked at the screen
holding gak. :Stupid, stupid, stupid. I forgot the most obvious question.:

"Gak, who is the merchandise?" He asked. :I am such a fool.:

Gak cocked one eye at him. "Ryoko Hakubi, space pirate."

Duo groaned. :you fool.:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tenchi woke up that day with terror in his mouth and heart. He slipped out 
of bed and towards the
restroom on automatic. His brain so frozen that if asked he wouldn't have 
been able to tell
you his name much less what the h*ll he was doing.

In the mirror Tenchi stared at his reflection and truly didn't recognize the 
man in the mirror.
:I know who I am now, does it show that bad.: He leaned against the sink and 
turned a bit
contemplative. :Do I have to show the others what I know? Can the carnival 
go on?: He snorted, of
course it could. He'd just have to be careful so the girls wouldn't know. 
:I'm not doing anybody
any favors of course. But now isn't the time to change. Ryoko is scared 
enough as it is and
well, Ayeka is. . . Ayeka and. . . NO, for now we'll hide behind a mask. 
Support the girls and
hope it turns out for the best.:

He shoved himself gently away from the sink, knowing he could break it 
without a thought. :Smile Tenchi.
All the world is a stage, and we are but players in it.:

He slipped back to his room and changed to start his day. Which meant that 
he was going back
to school. He smiled tightly, He was going to be in for a wonderful day.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryoko smiled contentedly and shifted May to another arm so that the arm 
wouldn't fall asleep. :My life
was so empty before May came, except for Tenchi.: That thought elicited 
another smile from the former
space pirate.

"Good Morning Ryoko." Came a tired voice behind her.

Ryoko whirled her head around and stared at Tenchi. "You look like the 
Yagami ran over you." There were
bags under his eyes which were bloodshot.

Tenchi shrugged and his shoulders sagged. "I didn't get much sleep last 
night."

Ryoko smiled slyly. "I know some cures for that Tenchi." She gave him a wink 
of a golden eye.

Tenchi flushed and began to stutter. Ayeka chose that moment to come in.

"Really Ryoko, don't you know better than to bother Lord Tenchi with your 
lewd suggestions this
early in the morning.

Ryoko smirked, "Perhaps Tenchi likes my LEWD suggestions, your highness."

Ayeka turned a bit red with anger, Tenchi wanted to chuckle but refrained. 
"All I want this
morning is to eat in peace girls, please."

"Very well, Lord Tenchi. I will try to accomadate your wishes, even if the 
demon does annoy me."

"Why, Ayeka, I never knew you were the mistress of the understatement."

"GIRLS" Washu yelled. The fight stopped immediately and Ayeka had the grace 
to look abashed.

"I'm sorry Miss Washu. . ."

"What did you call me Ayeka. . "

"Little Washu!"

Washu smiled kindly at her. She turned towards Ryoko. "Well, little Ryoko." 
Her voice was dangerous.

Ryoko only cocked her head in silent inquiry. "LITTLE Washu?" She sighed. 
"Habits are hard
to break aren't they."

"You know what I want Ryoko, so say it."

Tenchi was half-way to the door when he felt a hand on his shoulder. He 
turned. To stare straight into
the eyes of a duplicate Ryoko, the original still sat in her chair watching 
Little Washu.

"I'm sorry Tenchi, that's not what I meant. I am sorry if you took it the 
wrong way."

Little Washu blinked in surprise. "What did you mean Little Ryoko?" Her 
voice was
sarcastic.

"Yes, what did you mean, because we all know that your mind is riveted on 
one thing." Ayeka sneered from
her place at the table.

Both Ryokos flushed and her eyes flashed from subdued anger. "There is such 
a thing as a medicine
that lets you sleep naturally, I was going to let him borrow some." The 
anger simmered there, just underneath
the surface.

Tenchi smiled, "Thank You for the thought Ryoko, I may take you up on it 
sometime." :And I won't
ask why you have it.:

::Clever one Little Ryoko.::

::I don't seek your approval.:: Ryoko mind pathed back to Washu.

"How altruistic, once he was asleep, THEN what were you going to do?" Ayeka 
added sarcastically
under her breathe. Unfortunately for her Ryoko's hearing was sharp, 
especially when she was in
two places.

"Tenchi, go to school." Her voice was sharp and her manner commanding, her 
eyes were still on his
face and as an afterthought she picked something out of a sub-space hole and 
passed it to him.

He headed out the door, wanting no part of what was coming next. He could 
see it in her eyes,
the controlled rage, fury and power of the spirit caller.

As soon as he was out of sight and hearing the second Ryoko turned towards 
Ayeka. "And what did
you mean by that last statement, highness?" The voice was silky smooth.

Sasami, who had been there the whole time looked oddly at Ryoko.

"I don't know what you're talking about. Did I say anything Sasami?" Ayeka 
said smoothely.

Sasami shook her head slowly.

Ryoko number one raised an eyebrow. "Must I repeat what you said Ayeka. I'm 
sure it would be educational
to the rest of the audience."

Washu did a quick emotion scan of her daughter and found herself up against 
a blank wall. :Interesting:

Ayeka looked up at Ryoko across the table and smiled sweetly. "Why should I 
have said something demon?"

Ryoko started, and the other Ryoko came periously close to taking Ayeka's 
head off with her sword.

My patience with you is wearing thin Highness," Ryoko's voice was low and 
deadly serious. "I admit
at times our spats are fun, but keep going in the direction you are I cannot 
garuntee your survival."

"Are you threatening me Ryoko? That is a treasonous offense?" Ayeka primly 
began her omelette.

Ryoko snorted, "Only if I was Jurain, and since I'm not your authority does 
not extend over me."

Washu dropped her chopsticks with a small clack.

"Ryoko, you are a Jurain citizen." Her voice was firm.

"No, LITTLE Washu, you are. I'm not." Ryoko turned back to feeding to 
Mayuka. "Therefore, Jurai never
could've tried me for my crimes anyway. They have no jurisdiction over me. 
Their laws do not apply.
It is polite to abide by them, but not entirely neccessary." She gave a wry 
smile of amusement.
"However, I have been told that being polite was one of my downfalls."

"By who, Kagoto." Ayeka said bitterly.

Ryoko laughed in Ayeka's face. "That's a funny one, Kagoto giving a 
compliment, hurry, look, is the sun
rising in the west." Ryoko's face fell. "No my MOTHER told me that, a long 
time ago."

Washu stared at her daughter, who was deliberatly not looking at her. "I 
said that." Her voice wondering.
She didn't remember saying that.

Ryoko's voice turned cold. "No, you didn't. My Mother did."

Washu sighed. ::Please Ryoko, not this old arguement.::

::If you want to be my mother. ACT like it!! Damn it!::

Mayuka began to cry, and both Ryoko's suddenly dissappeared. ::The tensions 
are getting
to her. You could try to be helpful.::

::I do Love you Ryoko.::

::I never said you didn't, but YOU are not my MOTHER, Little Washu.::

The wall between their minds returned with a surprising abruptness and 
clarity. Just like the
wall between their hearts.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Duo stared at the stars now, his eyes really not taking them in.

"So, I agreed to take out Ryoko Hakubi on the behalf of the Nekoan EMPRESS! 
Gods, when I screw
up, I do love to screw up royally."

Gak cleared his throat behind him. "Perhaps we should send out a general 
call to all Bounty
Hunters."

"NO! Do you want WASHU to pick that signal up. Great Trees of Jurai, we'd be 
dead before we even
landed on the ground. No Gak, set a course towards the Nest. I'll be a few 
hours behind you,
if we are going to go, then we'll earn it. Gods take it."

Gak nodded, "Complying."

"Oh and Gak, try to only get the best. This could mean our lives."

Gak nodded one more time before his panel on the communications set went 
dark.

Duo went back to staring out to space.

:Half a week to get there, perhaps a week to collect everybody we need and 
another half or so
to get back. So I figure two weeks maybe three until I make the worst 
mistake in my life. Hamika,
you're a fool.:

He turned from the stars and began to set in a course in for the nest.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<at the Nekoan Empire on the other hand>

Syoko, the High Preistess of the Goddess, stared at her spy reports 
nervously. Her fingernails
clicking against the cool crystal of her desk, her fangs peeping over her 
bottom lip where she
was chewing upon it.

"Why would she go to all this trouble over a measly bounty hunter?" Her eyes 
scanned the
words more thourghly. She ran a hand through her coral, with orange 
highlighted spiky hair. Her
robes of green and purple rustled in the small breeze that ran through the 
office.

A woman with pale pink hair and blue eyes twirled a forelock around her 
finger. "That is what I thought
at first also Syoko, but then I noticed that the bounty hunter part wasn't 
important, but the
location that they are being sent too."

"Not to mention her target." The third member of this meeting, a green 
haired woman bit out anger
flashing in her orange eyes.

Syoko put the report crystals carefully on top of her desk, where they 
hovered on their tips, still
displaying their messages to the air. "You both are right, I have been blind 
in this area it seems."
She closed her violet eyes and struggled for calm. "Very well, I assume that 
you both have plans."

"Reishu has some, but I'll let her tell it."

The pink haired woman sat foward. "It is rather simple really, both my 
preistess and I agree. Use our
already available resources."

Syoko gazed over at the demi-goddess and her preistess. "You needn't have 
even brought this up too me.
Thank you for your trust."

"High Preistess, we cannot have done this without you, even if we tried. 
Besides you are Her friend." The
preistess shrugged and dragged her bright green hair over her shoulder.

Syoko smiled sadly. "Yes, and I miss her dearly." She paused for a moment, 
and though the room was empty,
seemed to search for someone. "Captian."

A hooded figure appeared out of thin air, even though there were no shadows 
in the room to hide in.
The navy cloak hid every aspect of this figure except for the eyes. Red and 
brooding.

"I assume even you have had some part in this idea, so I will leave you to 
do what you
feel is necessary."

The figure nodded and began the dissappear the way she came.

"May the Goddess go with you, Captain." Syoko whispered.

"Send Ryoko my greetings." Reishu called cheerily.

The preistess of Reishu just smiled and straightened her violet and green 
robes as she stood up. "I'll
leave you two to your fun."

Syoko just shook her head. "Don't work too hard, Makoto."

Makoto snorted and used the door. Reishu and Syoko just grinned at each 
other.

"Tea?"

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<one week later at the nest>

The Nest was approiately named. That what it was, a nest of scum and gutter 
trash from all over this galaxy and
Duo wasn't sure, but from a few over as well.

In the middle of the 'nest' was Bounty Hunter Headquarters. Duo smiled 
tightly, Bounty Hunters didn't like to
admit it, but they did have use for the rest of the galaxy scum, even while 
they considered themselves above
them. Duo, who had been both, knew that the line between pirating and 
privateering was thin, but the line
between Hunter and Assassin was even smaller.

"This seems to be a motely group that you have collected here Hamika." A 
very dead voice stated from
behind him.

Duo restrained himself from shivering, but couldn't help that the hair on 
the back of his neck
stood straight on end.

"Nagi," he breathed. He looked out of the corner of his eye, yes she was 
still cloaked, face hidden
from veiw by the built in veil of the hood that covered the lower half of 
her face. :Is the rumour true
then, the only ones to ever see her face are her victims?:

"I have decided to accompany you on this venuture, it promises to be. . 
.interesting." Her voice grated,
dull to his ears, so much so that he almost missed her comment.

"You want to come?"

Nagi didn't even look at him, her hand snaked up and began to pet the white 
cabbit on her shoulder. "I didn't
say want, I have decided Hamika. You of all people should know the 
difference."

"I can not stop you, and frankly am glad of your help." Hamika said 
relieved. He sensed the other person's
amusement.

"You do not need my help Hamika, with the army you are assembling you could 
take out many Ryoko's. Perhaps
I shall give advice, but do not expect much more than that."

"Until we get there."

The cloak rose and fell with her shoulders, "until then."

"I am not an army commander Nagi." He said simply.

"You are a terrible liar, Hamika. Stick to the truth, you will not sound 
like such a fool
when you do."

Nagi moved away, her blue cloak flapping gently in the breeze, showing quite 
eloquently how little
armor and how many weapons she had.

:Perhaps, now we have a chance.: Duo thought as he strode off in the 
opposite direction from the
cold Hunter.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mihoshi stared at the stars around her. She hadn't felt his presence in a 
week. He had been here, she was
sure of it. Just as sure that his ship had rested where hers now floated.

:Duo. . .: A tear seeped out of her eye. :Why do you not come, why do you 
leave me alone?: The blonde
sat in the co-pilot chair and was staring at the same stars that had riveted 
Duo not so long ago.

"Well Mihoshi, nothing in this sector." Kiyone said smoothly from the pilot 
chair. Adjusting her orange
headband she glanced over at her partner.

Mihoshi sat there woodenly, staring out into space, her eyes lost and far 
away.

Kiyone narrowed her dark teal eyes. "Mihoshi, are you okay?"

Mihoshi instantly came back to the Yagami and pasted a cheery smile on her 
face. "Fine, will we be
headed back home soon?" She sing-songed.

Kiyone shook her head. "Just one more sector and we can go back."

"That's great Kiyone." Mihoshi smiled as wide as she could. "Wouldn't want 
to miss Sasami's good
cooking."

Kiyone gave a small laugh. :She's fine. I worry to much.:

Mihoshi laughed lightly along with her partner. :That was close.: "Watch out 
villians, Galaxy Detectives Mihoshi
and Kiyone are on the way."

Kiyone steered towards the next sector, clueless as to the heartache her 
partner was in.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It had been almost a week since Ayeka had insulted Ryoko at breakfast and 
Tenchi had started his 'acting'.
The week had been relatively peaceful, the excitement coming when Kiyone and 
Mihoshi came back from
a successful patrol in one peice.

Everybody was home, a weekend that was full of promise, and Sasami was 
making up a picnic lunch
for the entire 'family' and was humming cheerily in the kitchen.

Ryoko had just put Mayuka down for a nap and Ayeka was doing laundry. 
Mihoshi was sweeping the porch
and Kiyone was taking a bath in the onsen.

Mihoshi swept in spurts, distracted from her work by a feeling of. . . well 
she wasn't quite sure.
Ryoko phased into being next to her and watched her work for a few moments. 
Then looked up at the
sky. Mihoshi looked up also.

In time to see six ships dispel their passengers.

"BOUNTY HUNTERS." Ryoko screamed as she brought her sword up. "Mihoshi, run 
and get Tenchi."

But Mihoshi wasn't there anymore. In her place stood a woman with hard eyes 
and a sure aim.

Ayeka ran out of the house and brought up her logs to defend herself and her 
sister.

"Duo." Mihoshi said calmly.

"Mihoshi, honey." He said smoothly. His gun pointed at Ryoko, her gun 
pointed at him.

Tenchi chose that moment to arrive, sword in hand. "Who do you want?"

"The contract is for Ryoko only." Duo stated slowly.

Ryoko's eyes narrowed. "Well, you have a problem, there isn't any bounty 
posted on me anymore."

Nagi melted into the group like a spot of midnight. "You know who wants you 
Ryoko, and she would
prefer you dead." Her voice was like rocks grinding onto one another.

"Nagi." Washu hissed.

Ryoko cocked her hips. "I have no clue who you are talking about."

Nagi's eyes widened. "Kami," she hissed. :This plan goes to Tokimi's hell if 
she
can't figure out who she is.:

"Get her boys, enough talking." Duo said calmly.

Mihoshi placed herself between Ryoko and Duo. "Don't make me do something 
I'll regret Duo Hamikasu."

The bounty hunters split up and formed a ring around Ryoko and her 
defenders. Ayeka backed into the
house.

"Coward." Ryoko spit in her direction as she brought her sword up.

Washu teleported herself to the onsen.

The Hunters moved further in. Ryoko was sick of all the formalities. "If 
your going to kill me, scum,
do it, don't just stand there."

"Ohh, look who's calling us scum. The dregs of the universe, Ryoko herself."

Ryoko charged them both, sword raised. They began to fire and she smirked 
using her sword to
block the blasts and suddenly phased out of existence just as she reached 
the spot to strike.
The hunters twirled, unsure of what had just happened. But she wasn't there.

*CRACK* came the sounds of their heads hitting together. Ryoko laughed and 
turned for more prey.

That was her mistake.

Ryoko never knew what hit her, one moment she was about to go after someone 
else, the next blackness
claimed her.

In retrospect, the Hunters never knew what hit them when Nagi cut their 
heads off with a golden sword
much like Ryoko's.

Nagi kneeled next to Ryoko and felt for the wound. She sighed. :Good, just a 
slight bump, she'll be
fine.: Nagi stood up and dragged Ryoko next to the side of the house where 
it would be easier to
protect her.

Mihoshi and Duo stalked each other warily.

"I was tricked into it, really Mihoshi." Duo said pleadingly.

"Yeah right."

"Have you ever tried to turn down an offer from the Nekoan Empire?" Duo 
shook his head at her. "I'd
rather live than have my head on a pike."

Mihoshi didn't relax her stance.

"Your lucky Duo, we'll have time to find out if you are telling the truth or 
not."

Duo blinked. :Huh?:

Kiyone brought her blaster butt down on the back of his neck and Mihoshi 
caught him before he hit
the ground, out cold. Mihoshi cradled his head and sank to the ground.

"Duo. . ." She moaned. Her eyes flooded with tears.

Kiyone decided it was better not to question her partner, but turned to 
defend her from any attackers.

Tenchi wasn't having much trouble, he reflected in the corner of his mind. 
:A week ago I would have though.:
He blocked blaster shots with the sword and knocked the legs out from under 
the other in one stroke.

There was a whoosh and where there had been a hunter a few moments sat a 
pile of goo. Tenchi grunted.

"Thank you Little Washu."

Washu grinned and patted the handle of the gun in her hand. "It's my new 
invention. I have yet to think
of a suitable name."

Tenchi crossed swords with another hunter and cocked an eyebrow. "Very 
nice."

Washu snorted. "That's not a name and you know it Tenchi."

"Umm. . .Little Washu, I'm kind of busy at the moment."

"Humph, so don't help me."

Tenchi rolled his eyes and punched the guy in front of him, then cut him in 
half.  Ignoring the corpse
he turned to Washu and shrugged.

"I'm not as talented as you are I suppose, behind you."

Washu whirled and fired the gun. "You suppose, Tenchi. You mean you don't 
know?" She called over
her shoulder as she went searching for new targets.

Nagi's hood fell back and she glared at the few hunters who dared to oppose 
her to get to
what she was protecting.

"Traitor," one hissed.

Nagi let her mouth twitch in a mirthless smile. "I never said I was joining 
you on your hunt. I only said
I was coming."

"There is little difference. You know the code for traitorous Hunters."

Nagi snorted as she fired at him. "Code, what code for people like me who 
are freelancers and don't pay
any guild dues. Is it my fault your security sucks?" Her whip tangled itself 
around his legs and he
fell down.

Her other hand drew a crystal out of her cloak. She smiled a bit as she 
threw it over their heads
at a knot of hunters coming towards them. They didn't dive fast enough.

The crystal exploded in thousands of shards and tore through their ranks. 
The other hunter gaped
at the site and his eyes widened more as the crystal began to reconstruct 
itself from thousands of
tiny peices.

Nagi took that time to blow his head off. :Idiot.:

A small moaning came from behind her. Ryoko was pushing herself to her feet.

"Did somebody get the name of the cabbit that ran me over?" She began to 
brush herself off and
happened to look up.

"Nagi, what are you doing here?" Ryoko's eyes widened as she saw the 
destruction around her.
There was only a few hunters left to oppose the defenders.

Ryoko's head jerked from side to side and she couldn't seem to close her 
eyes. She seemed close
to hyperventilating. "Make it stop," she moaned. "Make it stop Nagi, there's 
too much blood."
She began to shudder and dropped back to her knees. Choking back the urge to 
vomit.

Nagi looked down at her, her eyes suddenly became compassionate. She looked 
up.

"SURRENDER!" She yelled in an authoratative tone. The response was 
immediate, all weapons were
dropped by the hunters. Nagi saw that Kiyone was taking over and nodded.

Ryoko clutched her knees and began to cry large wracking sobs. "I can't take 
it, take me
away from here Nagi. I do not want to see."

Nagi nodded and scooped the girl up, and walked into the house. "Lady 
Sasami, where does
the Lady Ryoko sleep?"

Sasami gave Nagi a confused look. She led her out to the living room and 
pointed up. Ryoko was
still sobbing against Nagi's chest.

Nagi stiffened. "Her ladyship does not have a room of her own and sleeps in 
the rafters like a
common slave." Her voice was harsh.

Sasami looked frightened and Nagi took pity on her. She laid Ryoko down on 
the coach, ignoring
the glare of Ayeka who sat in the chair.

"Ryoko, stop crying." She said harshly.

Ryoko curled into a ball and was shaking violently. Nagi didn't even look 
up. "Highness Ayeka, would
you go draw Lady Ryoko a hot bath."

Ayeka glared daggers at her. "No."

Nagi sighed, "Lady Sasami. . ."

Washu stepped in. "I'll go take care of it."

Nagi's head whipped around and she took a long look at the diminutive 
scientist. "Very well, Little Lady
Washu."

Washu headed towards the upstairs bath.

Kiyone and Mihoshi came in leading the prisoners. The stopped as a loud 
crack exploded in the
room.

"Stop Crying Ryoko." Nagi stated again, this time puncuating her words with 
another slap.

Ryoko relaxed immediately and her eyes had turned liquid. She looked as if 
she would break out
in tears again at any moment. Nagi scooped her up and headed in the same 
direction
Washu had just left.

Washu came down a few moments later and silently led Mihoshi and Kiyone 
towards her lab.

"We'll store them down here, and keep them in seperate cells."

Tenchi leaned wearily against the door jamb. "Good idea."

Kiyone's nodded. "We'll question them later. Where's Ryoko?"

"Upstairs in the bath." Sasami chirped. "She looked real bad."

Washu opened the door and shook her head. "Just a slight knock on the head. 
She's in shock that's all."

"Silent for once Highness." Nagi's voice said behind Ayeka. "Good, keep it 
that way."

Ayeka stiffened. She had heard a lot about the Hunter Nagi. Her family had 
even used her services once
or twice, to see her without her cloak was frightening, for she was quite 
beautiful. Yet Ayeka had
never seen her face before.

"Ciao" came from outside. Then a white cabbit with yellow eyes bounded 
through the wall.

Nagi nodded. "The ships are secure then, good work Ken-ohki."

Ryo-ohki practically flew across the room and under the chin of the white 
cabbit. "Mia! Mia Mia!!!"

Nagi laughed, a full sound, unlike Washu's nasal cackle and Ayeka's 
Ho-Ho-Ho's of victory. A happy
sound, but a tired one. "And you helped Ryo-ohki. Then you two are 
dismissed, and don't steal any
carrots." She called after them as they bounded outside.

Washu and the two officers came out of the lab and stood in the living room 
watching Nagi.

"Should I trust you?" Washu said calmly.

Nagi didn't answer her directly. "Will someone help me clean up the yard, 
her ladyship is upset as
it is. Sasami, keep an eye on Ryoko please." Nagi headed towards the door.

Tenchi raised an eyebrow. "It seems we don't have a choice, Little Washu."

Ayeka muttered something under her breath and the rest chose to wisely 
ignore it.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sasami managed to salvage lunch and turned it into a late afternoon meal.

"I guess this will be Tea instead of Lunch then." She sighed. She looked out 
the
window where the others were clearing up the last of the mess. Nagi had 
walked out into the lake and
was holding something up to the light and examining it. Her pose was 
triumphant so what ever it was
Sasami assumed the news to be good.

"May I help you, Lady Sasami?" Came a soft voice behind her.

Sasami gasped and relaxed as she saw it was only Ryoko. "You don't have to 
call me Lady, Ryoko."

"Why not, it is only polite and respectful Lady Sasami."

Sasami gave her a strange look. "We don't use title here Ryoko, everyone is 
considered equal."

"Oh, perhaps you can help me Sasami. I seem to have misplaced a few names 
and need to
know them so I don't embarrass myself." Ryoko's face looked a bit pained.

Sasami gave her yet another strange look. "Well, who don't you remember."

"The boy with the black hair, who is he?"

"That is Lord Tenchi, First Crown Prince of Jurai." Ayeka said loftily from 
the doorway.

Ryoko just nodded. "Thank You Highness. Then the older one with the black 
hair is. . ."

"Noboyuki, Tenchi's father." Sasami cut in quickly.

"Why is he not the prince?" Ryoko said questioningly. "The line does pass 
through the parents, how
can Tenchi be a prince if his father is not."

"His grandfather is Prince Yosho, his mother was from the Jurian line." 
Sasami filled in.

"Oh, yes, now I remember, Yosho had a daughter Achika. She was quite the 
scandal." Ryoko shook her
head in amusement. "I do not understand why at all, where I am from you 
marry whomever you please,
especially the royalty. What little there is of it."

Sasami's eyes widened. Ryoko shrugged and sat down at the table. Only to 
stand back up again when
Tenchi entered the house. He had obviously been to the onsen and had cleaned 
up a bit. The others filed
in behind him and Nagi somehow slipped around them all to be behind Ryoko.

Ryoko, Sasami realized wasn't in any of the garments they were used to 
seeing her in. In fact, the outfit
was rather demure for the saucy pirate. There was a mandarin collar that 
underneath was a small catseye
gem, that held close a key hole in the top. The peasant sleeves closed 
swelled over her wrists and a long
skirt flared till it reached the ground. This was all done in white, gold 
and black.

Ryoko gave a deep curtsey. "Thank you, Lord Tenchi for helping my gaurdian 
Nagi, to protect me."

They all blinked.

Mihoshi not known for her tact was the first to speak.

"Who are you?"

Ryoko rose slowly, and she gazed at them. "I am not surprised, my coming out 
was over
several thousand years ago and I have not attended the social scene much 
since then." Ryoko
gave a graceful shrug. "I am Lady Ryoko Hakubi of Nekoa, in the Nekoan 
Empire."

Silence reigned.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-Notes, comments, cracks from the peanut gallery.

Hmm. . .not really. Okay to clear things up from the preistess scene.

The peach haired one- High Preistess of the Goddess; Syoko
The green haired one(think true green)- Preistess of Reishu- Makoto
The pale pink haired one- Reishu; a demi-goddess confined to this realm. 
(Okay all gods and
goddess are confined to this realm, but that is beside the point, Reishu is 
the only one
that actually was created with a body in the begining.)

Clear up any confusion. Good, good.

Later


