Author's note:

Okay, I don't own Tenchi Muyo or the characters of
Tenchi Muyo. They are the property of AIC and Pioneer.
I am not making any profit on this, so please don't
sue me.

Clarification, Mihoshi is 24 in my story.

Oh yeah, C&C is appreciated so you can contact me
at ringprincess@juno.com

:thoughts:
:: mental speech ::
"normal speech"
<dates>
________major time passes
--------minor time passes


			Tenchi Muyo Saga One: Fate of Empires
					"Secrets"
					By RingPrincess

<One week after Mayuka returns; The Present, sometime in April>

Ryoko hovered around Mayuka's crib. Watching the child sleep. It
was early in the morning and even Sasami wasn't up yet. However, as
usual Ryoko didn't care about the time. She was wishing. . .

:I wish that this little one would call me Mom.: Ryoko sighed mentally.
Who was she kidding? Her, a mother, she remembered the disaster it was
when Taro came over. Imagine, not putting water in the formula. Ryoko
grimaced in embarrassment, if they ever knew the REAL reason for that
mistake. :H^ll, I've killed more babies, than I ever cared for.: Was
her next thought, and one she instantly tried to turn off. She stared
down at Mayuka, but saw every child's face she had ever murdered overlaid
on top of hers.

Ryoko closed her eyes, a tear trickled down her cheek and dropped
onto Mayuka's face. Ryoko reached out and gently wiped it away.

The sun rose, it was going to be a beautiful spring day. Ryoko
for one moment felt hope that today would be different and well,
wonderful.

Sasami was already busy making breakfast in the kitchen. She was
humming quietly to herself and Ryo-ohki was perched on top of her
head, watching avidly.

Ryoko entered the kitchen quietly as not to distub a master chef.
She went to the fridge in hope of finding some already prepared
formula there, however it was not to be.

"Umm, Sasami," Ryoko said quietly.

Sasami whirled and Ryo-ohki flew off the top of her head.  Sasami's
eyes were wide and she was trying not to scream. When she saw that
it was only Ryoko she began to calm down, and was soon her bouncy
self again.

"Oh, Ryoko, I didn't hear you come in."

Ryo-ohki picked herself off the floor and bounced up to Sasami's shoulder.

"Sasami, could I ask you a favor?"

"Uh-huh," Sasami said over her shoulder as she turned back to the food.

"Do you think you could make up some formula for Mayuka?" Ryoko asked
a bit shame-faced.

Sasami turned slowly. :She made formula when Taro was here, why does she
need help now?: Her face was bent in confusion.

"Or maybe you could show me how?" Ryoko asked seeing the look on
Sasami's face.

Sasami was curious. "Ryoko, you made it when Taro was here."

"But, this is a different kind and I want to get it right." Ryoko said
desperatly. If Sasami didn't help her she might just have to tell
her secret.

Sasami relented, seeing that Ryoko didn't want to talk about what
was troubling her this much to ask for help making formula. "Sure,
Ryoko, I'll help."

The relief and happiness on her friends face was worth not knowing.

Sasami proceeded to show her how exactly to make the formula.

"Now, remember Ryoko, since she's so little, she'll only need a couple
of ounces." Sasami admonished as she held out the warmed and ready
bottle.

Ryoko nodded, "Only up to the first few marks, right."

Sasami grinned. "Yep, that's it exactly. Have fun!" She turned
back to her cooking, none the worse for the few moments lost.

She didn't hear Ryoko glide out of the room. She didn't need to.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Tenchi stretched and yawned before opening his eyes and looking around
carefully. He made sure to check every single part of the room before
sitting up and getting out of bed.

Of course most boys didn't do this as a part of their regular routine, but
then again most boys weren't Tenchi Masaski.

He was only nineteen and he already had five, count them, five different
women chasing after him and one of them liked to wake him up in the
morning. However, for the past week his mornings had been female,
particularly Ryoko free. And if they were Ryoko free, that meant they
were also Ayeka free, which came to the conclusion that they were
fight free. Tenchi was still wondering if it was too good to be true.

He also couldn't figure out whether he missed it or not, and which
part he missed the most, Ryoko, Ayeka, or the fight.

He gave up with those conjectures and proceeded to get ready for his
day. After he was done the smell of Sasami's wonderful cooking
began to tempt him from the first floor.

Tenchi thumped down the stairs, knowing that probably most people were
up anyway. He was met by the most peculiar sight on the couch. Ryoko
feeding Mayuka. She was wearing her "mother" dress, however her hair
was down and she was paying the utmost attention to the baby.

"Good Morning, Lord Tenchi." Came a pleasent voice from behind him.

Tenchi jumped and spun.

"Oh, hi, Miss Ayeka." He said rubbing the back of his neck. Sheepish for
his over tight nerves.

Ayeka smiled, she was on the stair above him, making her slightly taller.
She was wearing her usual pink kimino with purple sash to match her
eyes and hair.

Tenchi turned around and went back to plodding down the stairs. Making
as much noise as possible, for who knew what Ryoko would do if she didn't
hear him.

"Good Morning Ryoko." He said as he came near the couch.

Ryoko sent him a dazzling smile. "I didn't think you'd notice me
with the Princess over there to steal your attention."

Tenchi gulped. "Of course I noticed you."

"Yes, your kind of hard to miss, being so large." Ayeka said snidely.

Ryoko turned her head and gave a cool smile at the princess. "Did you say
something?" Ryoko turned back to the baby, not even waiting for an
answer.

Sasami stuck her head out the door. "Oh good, Ayeka, your up. Could you
go get the rest of the household for me?"

Ayeka gave a glum nod, glaring at the back of Ryoko's head.

"Good morning Tenchi." The twelve year old princess said brightly.

Tenchi anxious to get out of the firing zone, retreated to the
kitchen to compliment Sasami on her cooking skills.

Ryoko only sighed, and looked down at the baby, the sigh turned into a
small gentle smile. One that no one in the house had ever had the privilege
of seeing, and if Ryoko could help it. They never would.

"You are so beautiful, little May." She murmured before she leaned
over and kissed the feeding babies brow. :She is so soft and so sweet.
I hope she grows up to be like Sasami and looks past what I was.: She
thought.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mihoshi toused and turned, knowing instinctively that it was early morning
and not wanting to get up to face another day of yelling by Kiyone.

"MIHOSHI," Kiyone screamed. "GET UP."

Mihoshi rolled over and looked up at her blearly.

Ayeka sighed at the sight. "Breakfast is ready you two."

"Breakfast." Mihoshi said excitedly as she bounded out of bed. Kiyone
growled. :She's never good for anything without her first cup of coffee.:
Mihoshi muttered mentally. Then giggled outloud at her thoughts.

"MIHOSHI!"

"I'm coming, I'm coming." She muttered as she struggled into her
clothes.

Mihoshi tumbled out the door in her 'normal' clutzy grace and somehow
made it down to breakfast on time. :If anything,: she thought. :I am
never late where food is concerned.:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

The greatest scientific genius in the universe yawned and scrubbed her
face with her fingers.

:I really need to find a way to get more done on less sleep.: Washu thought.
Sometimes she shuddered to think all that she could be missing while
she was asleep. Who knew what discovery could be made with those
wasted hours.

There was a knock on the door, and the crab jingled.

"Yes, Miss Ayeka." Washu said from her cushion in the middle of the
gardenlike lab.

Ayeka swallowed her discomfort and cleared her throat. "Sasami sent me
to tell you that breakfast is ready."

"I'll be right along." Washu waved a hand at her. Ayeka seeing an escape
route quickly exited the lab.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Breakfast was delicous.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tsunami sat and pondered in the middle of the treeship yard of Jurai.
She really had no choice but to do this, for she was bound to the tree and
had been for the last 20,000 years.

Tsunami had things to do of course, no goddess didn't. However, she
had deliberatly put aside the thousands of little nitpicky details that
her schedule had been made up of lately and pondered.

She didn't ponder the universe, or the meaning of life or any other such
nonsense. She just let her mind roam and choose its own subjects.

Her most pressing concern at the moment however was her brothers and
sisters. Especially Tokimi, what was going on in her sister's head.
Tsunami knew that Tokimi was active, with her demi-god servant D-3,
somewhere in the galaxy.

Tsunami considered the possibilities and her options on counter-acting
those possibilities. However, even Tsunami didn't have enough information
to go on, and until she did, she would have to wait.

Tsunami's mind grounded to a halt. :Enough of this.: She turned
back to her work. Even the details were important and her plan was
paramount in her mind, and it must stay on schedule.

There would be no more pondering for the goddess Tsunami.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

An idyllic week passed, well, idyllic for the Masaki household. There
was the minimum of fights and the baby was wonderful and most noticed
that Ryoko seemed to be her primary caregiver. Tenchi trained and
went to school, he was a senior and next year he would be heading
off to college.

Yes, life was going extremely well for the Masaki household.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

In the past 20,000 years the Great Hall of Heaven hadn't changed
much. The floors, walls and ceiling were as pristine as the day
Kami had put then to rights. Dust was a stranger to this place.

The trees and other plants were mildly overgrown, as if someone
had just left them alone, but strangely no weeds showed through
the flowers. However the great place was empty, acheingly empty
and the absolute silence was overwhelming.

Not even a whisper heralded Kami's coming. There was no fanfare,
heraldry or bowing as this Almighty Father of the Gods entered
the Hall he had created as their home.

Kami floated across the room and settled himself back into Washu's
great throne. And to a just arriving observer, it would look as if
he had never lefted. He stared into the dimension cube and his golden
eyes flickered from star to star. Instantly knowing what went on
at each one, each star a hub for a schemeing god or goddess, major
and minor.

They set their rivalaring plans in motion while demi-gods and goddesses
did most of the leg work.

:Is it time?: Kami questioned himself. His attention straying to
the one planet that the galaxy held so little importance too, but
to Kami's eyes was the greatest of them all.

Earth.

Its green, blue and brown sphere filled the cube. White clouds swirling
over its oceans and lands. Kami gazed at it hanging there for a few
moments, debating whether he should look.

He gave into the temptation and checked in on the inhabitants.

"Is it time?" He asked the empty hall, his words echoed eerily
back at him.

He watched for a few infinite moments.

He grimaced, and shook his head. It was truly past time.

His finger stretched out and the universe stopped for one collective
breathe. . .

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryoko had just put Mayuka down for a nap when for no apparent reason
she fell over unconcious on the floor of the nursery.

May's screaming was enough to bring the entire household running.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Washu was confused. There was no reason at all for Ryoko to just
keel over like that. :None at all, she's stronger than that and in
perfect health.:

All of Washu's instruments said the same thing. Physically, she's
perfectly fine, all systems functioning at optimal level. But there
she was, lying on one of Washu's regenerating beds in the middle
of an empty lab.

Washu tenderly touched her daughter's face and held back a sob.
"I will help you, my little Ryoko, I swear it. Now if only you
could tell me what's wrong." She said, voice strangled. Her
mind was screaming however at her daughter. :What Happened!?
Why are you like this?!:

Ryoko didn't hear, even the link wasn't working. And Washu was
struggling to admit to herself that she was scared, no correction,
terrified.

Ryo-ohki gave out a pitiful miya and rubbed her face on
Ryoko's chin, desperate to wake her up. Ryo-ohki had refused
to leave with the others when Washu had kicked them out of the
lab. Citing a need for space to work and nobody to interfere. In
reality it was to cover up that she didn't have a clue on what to
do. The cabbit had curled herself into a ball on Ryoko's chest
and dug her claws in a remarkable show of loyalty. Even Sasami's
valiant efforts to remove her had been in vain.

Washu gave a sad smile at the sight and went back to work with her
instruments. Desperate to figure out what had happened and
what she could do about it. Her laptop appeared and she began
to quickly type, machinery appearing at her command.

A tiara like object appeared and settled on Ryoko's forehead, two
nodes contacted her temples, a screen appeared that held wavelike
patterns with bargraphs next to it, constantly moving.

Washu gave them the utmost attention. Her daughter's brainwaves
were moving erratically and speedily.

With a click of a button, the screen became permanent.

A few more commands and a machine appeared at the head of the bed,
it was tube-like in nature and austre white. Ryoko's head was
carefully manuevered into it.

Washu frowned. :Scanning your pretty little brain isn't going
to help me much, Ryoko. Oh, how I wish that you'd just
let me run some tests on you once we were free. The files I have
just aren't current, and how can I help if. . .: Washu took
a deep breathe, holding back tears and waving off doubts.
She set the machine in motion.

She felt helpless. :I have no clue what is right or wrong with
your brain pattern anymore Ryoko. I have nothing to go by, nothing.:
She held back a wave of despair and looked for any grain of hope
she could find.

The machine whirred softly and another screen hovered in the air,
Washu began to watch this one intently. All she could do
was pray and hope for the best.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Meanwhile, the family had all gathered in the livingroom. All that
is except for Tenchi, he was at school and Noboyuki, he was at
work.

Kiyone paced nervously while Mihoshi sobbed on the coach.
Katsuhito sat there and meditated and Ayeka was trying to
comfort Sasami and Mayuka at the same time. She wasn't having
much success with either of them.

Suddenly Mihoshi looked up.

"Shouldn't someone call Tenchi at school?" She gulped. Tear tracks
visible down her face.

They all looked at her sharply. :Hey, I'm not the idiot I appear.:
Mihoshi thought angrily, but the words never made it past thought.

Katsuhito nodded. "Good thinking Mihoshi. I'll go do so."

Mihoshi blushed a bit. :If he only knew.:

Sasami pushed herself off the coach. "I think I'll go make some tea and
warm some sake too. If anyone wants it."

They all paled at the mention of Ryoko's favorite drink and Mihoshi
started to sob again. Mayuka whimpered, not fully understanding
what was wrong and wanting Ryoko or Tenchi to come and comfort her.

Kiyone watched as Katsuhito picked up the phone.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Tenchi was having a pretty normal day at school. Each class
was going as usual and he was pretty bored.

"Mr. Tushiyuki, would you send Masaki Tenchi to the office please.
And tell him to bring his things, he has a phone call."

There was a general chorus of oohs from the class.

"Got a girlfriend Masaki." One of the boys catcalled.

Tenchi didn't answer his mind was running to fast.

"You heard him Masaki. Get going."

Tenchi nodded and just threw his things in his bag.

The last thing he heard before the door closed was. . .
"She must be pretty good to let you get out of class Masaki."

Tenchi flushed. If they had any idea what his house was like. . .

He shook off that notion and headed towards the office.

The secretary just handed him the phone.

"Hello."

"Hello, Tenchi." It was his grandfather.

"Oh, hi grandpa." Tenchi relaxed a bit.

"Tenchi, I want you to come home."

"Of course grandpa, I can do that. But, I don't understand." He
said confused.

"That is very obvious Tenchi." His grandfather's voice was extremely
dry. "Ryoko is in a coma."

Tenchi's stomach began to feel very heavy. :Well, grandpa has never been
one to sugar coat things if he could help it.: Was his inane thought.

"How is she?" He asked, his throat very dry.

Katsuhito sighed. "I do not know. Washu kicked us out of the lab
till futher notice."

"Oh."

"Tenchi, come home as quickly as possible." Katsuhito's voice hardened.

"Yes sir, I shall."

"Good." There was a click on the other end.

Tenchi dropped the phone onto the reciever and looked at it blankly.

"Mr. Masaki?" The secretary asked gently.

There's been a family emergency and I am needed at home as
quickly as possible." The excuse seemed to roll off the tongue
of another person. A person who's heart and head felt as dull
as his did.

"Of course, just sign here and your free to go."

Tenchi signed the paper without thinking and his legs propelled him
towards the door. :She's hurt.: Was all he could think.

By the time he left the school, he was at a dead run, not caring
who saw him or the tears in his eyes.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Tenchi pounded up the steps of the shrine, dashing headlong for the
house. For once, he was running towards her and not from her. :Ryoko.:

He took no time to remove his shoes and he dropped his bag beside
the door. Just before he entered the living room he decided it might
be a good idea to stop and catch his breathe.

Hiding his deep concern, Tenchi strolled casually into the room.
"How's she doing?" He asked quietly.

"TENCHI!" Sasami sqealled and jumped into his arms, where she promptly
began to cry again. "I am so worried."

Katsuhito just looked at his grandson, Tenchi was just patting Sasami's
back and not saying anything. :He tries to hide his worry from the
girls. Ah, the folly of youth.:

Ayeka just nodded at him. "Last we knew she was stable, Lord Tenchi."

Tenchi just gave her an odd look. "So, you don't really know at all."

Kiyone stiffened, then slumped her shoulders in defeat. Ayeka's eyes
flashed. "No, and I don't understand why everybody is so concerned
over that piece of space trash."

Tenchi's concern for Ryoko was causing him to act a bit strangely.

"That 'space trash' is a guest in my house Ayeka, of course I'm
concerned. Having someone keel over is not good for my reputation
of hospitality." His tone was biting.

"She is a strong woman, she'll recover." Ayeka bit out. To angry to
be shocked as the others over Tenchi's harsh behavior.

"I wish," Washu said quietly from the lab door. "That I could be
as sure as you, Princess Ayeka."

Aeka's mouth dropped with surprise. No one had heard Washu coming
and the woman's face was deathly pale.

Aeka closed her mouth with a snap. "Of course I'm sure, I'm sure she's
taken worse hits than this."

"I wasn't speaking of the recover part." Washu said gravely. "She can
live without food, water or even air if need be, however she may or
may not be strong when she comes through this."

"Of course she will, with her powers and all." Ayeka said firmly.

The others watched this play with mixed emotions. Mihoshi was dry
eyed, and Sasami had quieted her tears.

Washu laughed softly. "You do not understand, do you, Princess?
She is physically strong, yes, even more strong than she appears.
Ryoko has not even begun to show her physical strength.  Yet there
are three other types of strengths as well, emotional, mental and
spiritual. . ." Washu trailed off and shook her head slowly. "We
all have much growing to do." She finished softly. Then she
brightened. "You are welcome to come in and see her Tenchi."

Tenchi set Sasami down and nodded at Washu. "I'd like that, little
Washu."

Washu beamed up at him and let him proceed her into the lab.

"What in Tokimi's h^ll did she mean by 'we'?" Kiyone muttered.
Glancing specifically at Mihoshi, who broke out in crocodile tears
again.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryo-ohki stirred off Ryoko's chest when they came in. Her pitiful
miyas broke Tenchi's heart as she flung herself, much like Sasami,
into Tenchi's chest. Ryo-ohki's little girl form shuddered with
sobs.

All Tenchi could do was pat her back. He hadn't even seen Ryoko yet.

"This way Tenchi." Washu beckoned. "I put her out of the way, so
no one could get to her without trouble."

Tenchi nodded, not understanding or really caring why Washu was
going to all this trouble.

They advanced to the second planet in her lab. Tenchi frowned a bit,
but shrugged it off. :Ryoko is important, not where she is.: He
reminded himself.

He shifted Ryo-ohki to his hip, and she laid her head against his
chest. Soothed by the beating of his heart.

They came upon Ryoko.

She looked as if she was lying in state. The room was softly lit and
warm and there was a cherry tree at the head of the bed, and it gently
wept it's petals over the unconcious woman. She was wearing a dress
that he had never seen before, it was soft blue and had a full
skirt that swept over the side of the bed. She was lying on
a lavendar coverlit and for the world looked like a sleeping princess
for the tiara that tested her brainwaves was still in place.

"She looks as if she would get up at any time." Tenchi said quietly,
his eyes had noted all these details while walking up a dirt path
between more cherry trees to the clearing where she lay.

Washu smiled a bit. "Yes, she does, doesn't she." Her voice was
soft. :My poor girl.:

Tenchi looked sideways at Washu and did not comment on the tears
pouring down her cheeks.

:The setting is beautiful, Washu.: He thought. :So uniquely Ryoko,
she looks so peaceful and soft, lying there.: Tenchi stopped
by the side of her bed.

Ryo-ohki resumed her cabbit form and hopped to her former position
on Ryoko's chest.

Tenchi kneeled and took one of Ryoko's hands in his tan ones.
"Ryoko," he whispered. "Don't leave us, we have so much more
living to do." A tear dropped down and rested on their hands.
"We all love you." A wry smile quirked his lips. "Okay, I
can't vouch for Ayeka, but the rest of us do."

She didn't stir. The only sound was the sound of her breathing and
the rustle of cherry trees in a simulated wind.

Washu couldn't stand anymore and rushed back down the path. Gulping
back tears. Tenchi made to move to go after her but he felt
Ryoko's hand squeeze his.

He turned, hoping against hope she was awake.

"Miya!" Ryo-ohki cried.

Ryoko's eyes were closed and her chest rose up and down rythmically.
She was still out. Tenchi sighed and sat back down.

He began a long vigil.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Katsuhito gave a small smile. Tenchi hadn't returned yet and he
had been gone for over an hour. That only meant one thing. He was
going to stay and watch.

He stood up with a slight grimace. Then mentally chuckled to himself.
:You must appear old to those around you, even if you aren't.:

He pretended to hobble out towards the shrine.

"Grandfather, where are you going?" Sasami asked tearfully.

Katsuhito gave her a warm smile. "I must go attend to the shrine,
Sasami."

"Oh," Sasami's shoulders slumped and her head drooped.

Katsuhito strode quickly over and tilted her head up to look at him.
"Ryoko isn't going to get better by all of us just sitting around."
He told her sternly. "Ryoko wouldn't want us to be sad, Sasami. She
values life and freedom that much. She would want us to go on living."

Sasami brightened. "I understand and obey grandfather." She said
as she threw a hug around his neck. Katsuhito blinked and
Sasami gave a small laugh and ran off towards the kitchen.

Katsuhito stood up and stretched.

"That is wise advice, Grandfather Masaki." Kiyone said quietly.
"Which means, let's go back to work Mihoshi."

To her surprise Mihoshi was already out the door. "Race 'ya," she
cried over her shoulder.

Kiyone rolled her eyes, but took off running.

Ayeka watched as Katsuhito headed out the door slowly after the
two officers. She looked down at Mayuka and blinked. :What does
he mean that Ryoko values life and freedom, little Mayuka?: She
thought towards the baby.

Mayuka just giggled and waved her hands at Ayeka's face. It seemed
even the baby was following Katsuhito's advice.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

A few days past and they could barely pry Tenchi out of the lab to
eat. He didn't do much else but sit there. When they did get him out,
either Sasami or Washu took his place. No one wanted to leave
Ryoko alone, even if the place where she lay was half-way familiar.

Tenchi would sit there and talk to her. About school, Tokyo, his friends
and all manner of things. His hopes, dreams, and confusions. He couldn't
help it really and it filled up the long hours.

When he wasn't there he was eating or sleeping or even training with
his grandfather. Tenchi didn't dare go to school in case she
woke up and he wasn't there.

Sometimes he would bring Mayuka with him down into the lab, and
he would play with his daughter and talk about how she was growing
and what she could do.

When he wasn't there, Washu was, her monolouges were different.
They were more about science and mathematics, but every once in
a while. Washu would share her heart and memories with her daughter.
Washu couldn't keep back how much she loved her wayward child.

Sasami would gossip about the people in the house and giggle over
the mishaps of the day. Sometimes she would sport around with
Ryo-ohki and made up fanciful tales about princes and dragons with
Ryoko all at the center of them as the heroine and Tenchi was
usually the hero.

More days passed like this and sometimes Ryoko responded and other times
she didn't.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

The telephone rang.

"Hello, this is Okanaya High School, is Masaki Tenchi there."

Ayeka looked at the phone in confusion.

"Yes, he is home."

"Good, could he come to the phone please?"

Ayeka grimaced, Tenchi was down sitting with Ryoko and she
didn't know exactly in the lab where that was. :I don't want
to see him with her. It's bad enough that he is down there
at all.:

She realized she'd been silent a bit too long. "This could take
a few minutes, I'm not exactly sure where he is."

"Take all the time you need."

"Thank you."

Ayeka set the phone down on the table and hurried to the kitchen where
Sasami was preparing lunch.

"Hurry, Sasami someone is on the phone for Tenchi, they said it
was his school and I don't know how to get to him."

Sasami smiled. "It'll be faster if I go get him. You watch
lunch."

Ayeka sighed with relief as Sasami scampered out.

A few minutes later, Tenchi came out with Mayuka in his arms and
headed towards the phone.

"Masaki Tenchi speaking." He said.

"Hello, Mr. Masaki. This is Okanaya High School, we were wondering
when you were coming back."

Tenchi wished that he had a free hand to rub his temples with.

"I don't know."

"Not even a tentative date."

"It could be next week or next month. I'm sorry that I can't give
you a better answer."

The secretary gave a sharp look at her phone. :It must be really bad
because Tenchi is a wonderful student.:

Tenchi was still speaking however. "Perhaps you could send someone
over with my homework or my father could pick it up on his way home
from work, until I get back. Is that acceptable?"

The secretary sighed. "I guess it will have to do. Tenchi, how bad is
the emergency."

"A friend of mine is in a coma."

"Oh, was he in an accident?"

"No, SHE wasn't."

The secretary glared at the phone. "You better not be skipping school
for a girlfriend Masaki." She growled.

"Can't a guy have friends that are girls." Tenchi growled back. His
face was red from anger or embarrassment. Mayuka giggled at him.

The secretary sighed. "I'm sorry for snapping at you Tenchi, I've
had a hard day."

"Tell me about it." Tenchi muttered sarcastically as he tried
to excatrate May's fingers from his hair.

"What did you say."

"I understand completely." He made up on the fly. "So the homework
thing is good. Thanks, I really have to go. Good-bye."

"Bye." The secretary said, but all she heard was a buzz from the
other end.

Ryoko heard all about it from Tenchi not five minutes later.

-------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryoko's eyes fluttered. "Tenchi," she croaked.

"I'm right here." He murmured.

Ryoko turned her head to see him. Her gold feral eyes went wide
at the sight of him sitting right next to her head, Mayuka was
napping on his lap. She gave a small smile. "Hi handsome."

Tenchi flushed a bit and she laughed, it was a dry laugh. Tenchi
gently placed Mayuka on her chest and dissappeared for a few
moments. Ryoko frowned but stroked the babies head.

Tenchi came back with some water. He stopped however before he
reached her and smiled at the sight. She saw him and flushed
a bit but didn't stop stroking May's head.

"Don't talk." He told her. He helped her sit up and gave her a
sip of water. After she drank most of the glass and relaxed back
down, he resumed his position sitting next to her head.

"How long?"

"Roughly nine days."

She looked at him in shock. "Nine days," she squeaked.

Tenchi chuckled. "I think."

Ryoko shook her head to get past the time factor.

"So where am I?"

"In Washu's lab, I think she specially created this place for you."

Ryoko was silent. "Well, it's beautiful." she murmured. Her eyes
roving all that she could see.

"This isn't even all of it. There's a spring with a stream, surronded
by bulrushes and on the other end there is a pond with lilies and
goldfish. Sasami's been playing in the clearings."

"I know, I've felt you'll with me." She turned to look him straight
in the eyes. "You especially."

Tenchi rubbed the back of his neck. "Washu's been worried sick and
I think she's taking it out on all her experiments."

Ryoko let it slide. "She needs a vacation." She said dryly.

"I think at the moment the only way she'd agree to that was if it
was with you. She's been so out of it she hasn't cornered me
for days and that I tell you is a relief."

Ryoko glared at him and he tried to look innocently back at her.
"I don't get sick so others leave you alone."

"Well, you could look at it this way, you've never had so much alone
time with me." Tenchi riposted.

"It doesn't count, I wasn't awake." She said flailing her arm
out to slap him, Tenchi caught it and laid it gently back
on Mayuka. His face sobered.

"Could you hear us?"

"Sometimes, someparts. I think I got most of the important bits."
She said softly.

"I think I best go get Washu."

Ryoko grabbed his hand. Fear was etched on her features. "Come
back with her, don't leave me alone."

Tenchi squeezed her hand. "I'll come back." he reassured.

Ryoko's features softened but she didn't let go of his hand.

Tenchi slowly backed up and let her fingers slip through his. "I'll
be right back, Ryoko. I wouldn't leave you, you know that."

Ryoko nodded, :Yes, Tenchi I do know that.:

Mayuka snuggled into Ryoko and snored softly. Ryoko's eyes closed
and her brain quieted and she joined Tenchi's daughter in the
land of slumber.

********************************************************************

* nothing important to say, hope you liked it.

Later
