All characters mentioned in this fan Fic excluding Sky are owned by Pioneer
not me. So please don’t sue me.

Chapter 3
To Jurai top speed

        Aeka made her way threw the ferns; she had not expected it would be this
hard to find the young man. She had only hoped that he was near where they
wear attacked last night like he said. She knew that she was nearing the
cliffs edge and she best be careful or she was going to go straight of the
edge. She reached a large slop that she could hear noises at the top, which
sounded like heavy breathing she could only guess that it was the young man.
She pushed up the steep slop losing her footing and almost falling to the
bottom of the slop. Gradually as she went higher, the noise became louder.
When she reached the top it was apparent that it was diffidently the young
man.
        Aeka parted the bushes she could see a tall slender man standing on a rock
near the edge of the cliff. He had on long black baggy pants and thick socks
that parted his toes. He had no shirt on, and his back was exposed to the
cold morning air. He was facing the rising sun and Aeka couldn’t see his
front but on his back where two large tattoos that wrapped around his
shoulders and went down the spin of his back. They where beautifully
decorated and resembled the body of a dragon. He stood up straight not
moving, he held a large wooden sword that was almost twice his size. Its
blade at an angle pointing straight up as if to injure the sky. Its
engravings done by a masters sword maker.
        Aeka stood in silence watching the young man slice the air with his
blade.
Coming centimeters from the, the ground. He maneuvered the large blade with
perfection complete mastery. Aeka was startled when the young man stopped
his practicing and turned to look in the bushes where she was. Startled by
his sudden movement she toke a step back forgetting that there was a hill
behind her. Her ankle rolled and she lost her footing sliding down the hill
tumbling to a stop at the bottom. She shoot up clutching her ankle she could
fill the broken joint and she tried to move but failed. The pain shoot up
her leg, her stomach felt uneasy from the shock and Aeka longed to be
comforted as she tried to hold back tears, she felt alone in the woods.
        The young man appeared behind a tree dressed in a black and white
robe
every inch of his body covered in the Jurian material. His hands where even
wrapped in white bandages, only exposing his fingers. With calm confidence
he walked over to the princess placing his hand on her shoulder; she could
fill his warmness through his palms, the warmth calmed her. He followed her
leg down to the fracture and rubbed his hands together  and placed both over
the injury some how supporting it, he then applied pressure squeezing it
tightly. Aeka winced as she heard multiple popping sounds as he set her
ankle in place. It sent a serge of energy throe her making her forget her
injuries.
It felt as if she sneezed, every part of her body tingled as the energy wave
returned to her ankle then disappeared.

A startled Aeka looked up at his face as he was opining his eyes. “Do you
fill better” Aeka could only manage a nod. “ That was a nasty fall you toke,
you should be careful out here, especially when you two come out this far.”

Aeka could only manage a soft reply expressed only as a whisper “ You…two… I
came alone”

The young man smiled and stood up his colorless robe highlighted by the
green tress “ Then who is your friend over there by the tree”.

“Its none of your business, who I am, what did you just do” Aeka suddenly
saw Ryoko materialize on a large branch.

“ Ryoko what are you doing here” Aeka clenched her fists at the arrival of
the space pirate.

“ I followed you, your slipping you know princesses letting your guard down
just because he said a few charming things and helped us out once, I still
think he is up to something, I am also interested in what he just did to
you.”

Aeka surged with impatience “ Ryoko hold your tong there is no reason to
suspect him of anything.”

The young man walked in-between there unwary stares  “ No its Ok, I don’t
mind, it was a Jurian healing trick I merely lent my energy to her body so
it could repair faster”

Aeka shuddered “ But when its gone you wont have it any more I mean… your
energy”

The young man looked deep into her worried eyes, his calm kind face settling
her nerves “ Its Ok, its only temporary, I will get it back when your body
no longer needs it.” “ Now did you need something, or where you two here
just taking a nature walk”

Aeka stood testing her healed ankle it felt almost as good as new. “ Yes, I
came with a message for you from Grand father, I mean Lord Katsuhito, he
wishes to talk with you at the shrine, after breakfast of course, Sasami
would also like you to join us for breakfast she is a wonderful cook.”

The young man bowed his head and turned his back to them. “ Now that you
mention it I am famished, I still don’t know my way around just yet why
don’t you lead us Princess Aeka …coming Ryoko”.

“No I can get there faster by myself.” The young man looked once more at
Ryoko and left following Aeka down the forest path. Ryoko watched them as
they disappeared. She dug in her blue and Green robe and came out with the
black handkerchief. “ What is with him, I cant get him to mess up, wait when
did I tell him my name no he probably figured out when Aeka shouted it out
damn her, wait I don’t remember ever calling her Princesses how did he know,
he is from Jurie, I guess I will just have to wait in tell he messes up. I
don’t know who you are yet stranger but I felt your power and saw it up
front there’s no way your just a traveler, and I don’t know why you’re here
either, but don’t try any thing bad our I will get you. I mean it too, I
will get you.”

.       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .
.       .          .

        The small Masaki residence was a normal Japanese urbane household
with the
exception that it was in the middle of the woods. It was two stories high,
and had two baths and five bedrooms. It was not as extravagant as the royal
palace but it had a slowing comforting filling that made you think about the
moment, and any thing the futcher held was only a distant thought that you
put away when you entered the front door, this was one of the reasons both
Aeka and Sasami stayed here. The atmosphere provided something they never
knew at home, comfort.
        Sasami quickly prepared the last of the breakfasts, flipping the
bread
roles onto the plate and bustling them to the table. Mihoshi had fallen
asleep right at the table. Aeka hadn’t returned yet and every one else was
just making there way to the table.

“ Mihoshi wake up, its breakfast.” Sasami tried to shake her but Mihoshi
just turned over with her butt in the air, drooling all over the pillow she
had been laying on.

Sasami could hear the front door open, “ I am home” Tenchi’s voice could be
heard through out the house.

Ok Tenchi’s home, Mihoshi is sleeping; Ryoko said she wasn’t coming home for
a while, meaning when ever she fills like coming home with red cheeks. Aeka
went to get the stranger; Tenchi’s father is at work in the city. And
Grandfather is at the shrine Ok, every one almost accounted for. “ Ok, time
to eat, come and get it”

Almost instantly Mihoshi sat up licking her lips at the sight of the great
meal
“ Wow Sasami it looks great as always, where’s Aeka”

“ She went to invite the stranger to eat breakfast, and then to talk with
Grandfather at the shrine.”

“ Oh, did she go alone”, Mihoshi stopped dishing her food.

“ I think Ryoko went with her, or at least followed her, it seems to me that
Ryoko doesn’t trust him, you know how he just sort of showed up is kind of
weird.” Tenchi toke a few bread rolls and looked down at his plate.

The front door opened and he could here Aeka talking with someone. Sasami
jumped up and ran to Aeka and the stranger. “Aeka, did he…” before she could
finish she spotted the young man standing at the door entrance.

Aeka beckoned to him as she walked to the breakfast table “ Please come in,
follow me.”

Aeka waited in tell the guest had sat before she too take her place at the
edge of the table. The room was silent; every one waited for someone to ask
the burning question that was on all of their minds. But it toke Mihoshi
only a few seconds to break the silence. “ Who are you any way”.

Aeka dropped her noodles and glared at Mihoshi with one eye. “ Mihoshi, your
bluntness even astounds me.”

A surprising laugh erupted to Aeka’s left, the young man clutched his
stomach in happy pain raising one hand he waited in tell the moment left. “
No it is quite all right, you all have a right to know, my name is Sky
Niakii, and I am a Knight of the Royal family”.

Aeka looked at him with distress fearing the worst. “ Did my father send
you, is their something wrong, is Jurie in some sort of danger.”

The young mans joyful face turned to a serious stone hard stare he looked
passively at his plate. “ No princesses I have come on my own free will, but
I do have an agenda, and I apologize that I have to hold on a little longer
before I tell you what it is, but I must speak with the Lord of the Shrine
first.”

Tenchi turned his attentions to the young man after he addressed his
grandfather
“ What do you need to discuss with Grandfather”?

The young man bowed his head and continued with his staring at the food on
his plate. “ I will not tell you, I can not tell you, at least not in tell I
seek council from the one called Yosho”.

Out of nowhere Ryoko flew thru the wall. “ So its Lord Katsuhito your after,
I knew you where here for a reason, what is it, tell me, what do you need
from Tenchi’s grandfather.”

Tenchi stode up in defense of the young man “ Ryoko, stop these
acquisitions, he has done nothing to disserve this much suspicion”.

“ But Tenchi, this is to coincidental, his sudden appearance and the attack
of those robots, its just to suspicious to over look, he wont even tell us
what his plan is”.

Tenchi went to defend him again but the young man stood and motioned for him
to stop. “ No, you don’t need to defend me any more, she has all the right
to be suspicious, I have been keeping things from you, that is why I must
see your Grandfather.”

Aeka joined them all standing “ I will lead you to his shrine please follow
me”. The young man attempted to thank her but Aeka stopped him. “ No don’t
say any thing, just follow me, he is waiting for you in his office”.

Aeka and the young man left without saying goodbye, within minuets Ryoko
flew thru the ceiling again leaving Tenchi, Mihoshi, and Sasami alone.
Tenchi his attention withdrawn by Ryoko’s exit tried to follow Aeka and the
young man. But Sasami’s small hand grabbed his wrist. “ No, Aeka will be
fine, but Ryoko is troubled by this whole thing”

Tenchi knelt by her side laying his hand on her shoulder. “ What do you
think Sasami”?

Sasami smiled at him “ I am alright, I don’t need your compassion, she does”
Sasami pointed to where Ryoko left.

Tenchi looked up remembering the worried look on Ryoko’s face almost
pleading to him to believe her. “ She did seem very disturbed by all of
this, I will go talk with her.”

Tenchi too left leaving Sasami with Mihoshi who had been eating thru the
whole thing. Putting her hands on her hips she turned to Mihoshi. “ Well
looks like we have cleanup tonight.”

But it fell on deaf ears; Mihoshi rubbed her full tummy and stretched her
arms yawning. “ I am full, I am to tiered to clean Sasami, I think I will
take a…” Mihoshi didn’t have time to finish what she was saying because she
had already curled up into a ball and fell quietly into sleep.

Sasami looked around at the now quiet room. “ Well Ryo-Ohki, will you help
me clean up.” The happy cabbit finished a carrot she had been nibbling on
for her dinner and jumped on Sasami’s shoulder. “Meyow, Meyow”. Nuzzling
Sasami with its cute fuzzy nose. “ I knew you would be on my side Ryo-Ohki”.
But the Cabbit jumped off and found a warm spot next to Mihoshi on a pillow
making funny noises as she fell asleep.
Giving up Sasami plopped down on the floor. “ Its not far for once I wish
some one would stay around and help me clean up.”

.       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .
.       .          .

Tenchi found Ryoko on the roof, Tenchi silently walked up to her grabbing
her shoulders in surprise making Ryoko wince. Sitting next to Ryoko he
dangled his feet of the edge. “ Did I scare you”?

Ryoko turned her red face from him watching a Firefly light up her hand. “No
Tenchi, you could never scare me, you just surprised me while I was thinking
about something”.

Tenchi fiddled with a fold on his pants. “ What where you thinking about,
was it that young man or those monsters, or was it something deeper.”

“You know me so well don’t you Tenchi, yet you have no idea” Ryoko bated
away the firefly which had been flying around her face.

Tenchi reached for her hand, but Ryoko pulled it away form his grasp
startling him. “ Ryoko what is it, I cant help you if you don’t tell me what
is worrying you so much.”

Ryoko jumped of the roof and onto Tenchi’s balcony. “ Why is it Tenchi, that
every time we get comfortable someone comes and ruins it for us, its like
the whole Universe is trying to keep us apart, first Aeka, then Mihoshi,
then Kagato, and sense then it was like no one did not know about the
amazing boy Tenchi, who was able to create three light hawk wings, and every
one flooded to see you.”

Tenchi slowly lowered himself off the roof and onto his balcony falling the
last few feet; Tenchi dusted himself off and walked over to where Ryoko was
standing.
“ Ryoko your being unfair, I wouldn’t have it any other way, I admit I wish
a few things could be different like people just leaving me alone, But I
don’t have a choice, yet I wouldn’t have it any other way, if things did not
happen the way they did I never would have been able to meet any one of you,
I still would be missing something in my life, I would still be grieving my
mother’s death, worrying myself sick about my father, I would have nothing.”

        It looked almost as if Ryoko was going to cry “ But Tenchi you would
have
me, all to yourself” Ryoko paused hating her young emotions. “ Look at us
Tenchi, how unlike us this is, I should be glad, you finally opened up to
me.”

Tenchi clenched his fists trying to hold back himself from crying. “
Ryoko…This is hard for me to say, and to say it in a way you would
understand I just want…”

Ryoko interrupted him “ No need to Tenchi” Ryoko flew over to him coming
only centimeters from his face, there noses brushing up against each other
as Ryoko embraced Tenchi, although Ryoko closed her eyes, Tenchi kept his
open. “ I know what you want, (As she talked her lips brushed up against
his) you want to be with me forever, but you don’t want to hurt Aeka, so you
want me to make the decision for you, you want me to whisk you away in
Ryo-Ohki, so we can spend the rest of our life’s together without any of
these problems”

“ Ryoko…your crying” Tenchi’s voice was soft, almost a whisper.

Ryoko lent in and kissed Tenchi, her tears falling down her cheeks and onto
his, although Ryoko wanted so much more, she felt Tenchi stop moving and
tense in her hold, smiling she backed off, jumping quickly onto the railing
of the balcony.

“Ry…o…ko” Tenchi’s attempt at a reply was soft and died down.

Ryoko faced the moon “ No Tenchi, don’t say anything, you would ruin the
moment…our moment, you owe me that much…I say just take it as it is, right
Tenchi” Ryoko turned to him, trying to muster a fake smile. “ Just remember,
before the whole Universe knew how great you where, remember that I knew
before all of them, before Aeka, and the Galaxy Police, before the royal
family, and Washu, before all of them, I Ryoko knew first hand, just how
great Tenchi Masaki the human from earth really was” Ryoko waved to him,
disappearing after a moment.

.       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .
.       .          .

        The shine was simple, no dought the same as every other shrine of
its kind.
But in this one held something great, the most powerful Royal tree Ship, and
the greatest warrior ever known in Juries history, both where suspected lost
forever. Yet here they where like a legend come to life, as real as any
thing else the boy knew.

        Aeka led him to the front door motioning him to enter. He walked
like a
young boy; about to meet his life long hero, which was almost the case, he
had long admired the prince for every thing he stood for. Strength, courage,
nobility, honor every thing he had so long tried to achieve, yet it did not
come easy to him. He doubted his own courage many times on the battlefield,
worrying if his strength was enough. He had wanted to protect the weak. And
stories of the prince’s valor burned deep into his head.
        He felt his hand quiver as he opened the door. There to his
amazement sat
an old man cross-legged on the floor. “Are you going to let the cold nights
air in, come sit we shall talk”?
        The young man sat down across from the noble warrior. “ So you’re a
Juraian
Royal Knight are you, I have seen your scarf yet when has a Dragon been a
sign of a Nobles house.”

        The young man swallowed whatever fear or dought he had left forcing
himself
to talk “ The house was not around when you resigned on Jurie, it was
commissioned by the King not to long ago, at least by Jurian time”

The old looking man eyed him “Then it is your house, such an honor has never
before been bestowed upon some one without any Noble blood, am I right in
saying this”

        The young man bowed his head “ Yes it was shunned at first by all
the
houses”

        “Then how did the King ignore his council”

        “A sign of the recent times, it was needed, and I had fulfilled all
the
requirements”

        “Then, what test did you undergo to fulfill such requirements”

        “The Rights of Tsunami”

        The prince shuddered sitting up straight. “ Do you have any proof of
such a
claim” his voice was urgent and distressed.

        The young man calmly stood up removing his robe exposing his scares
leaving
only his gloves covering his hands. Waiting in tell the prince had
sufficient evidence to back his claim. Clothing himself, he reached for the
bundle that was attached to his back. He pulled out the long sword holding
it out for the prince to examine it.

        “Lord Yosho, I apologize if she withstands your touch”

        The Prince eyed the piece of beautifully carved wood. It was beyond
any
thing he had ever seen before. “ She?”

        “Yes a peace of Tsunami the Mother to all of Jurie, it was retrieved
the
only peace ever to be separated from its branches, some say that it was
purposely done by Tsunami herself, in a chance to spread her seed, it has
the same powers as does the ship yet on a smaller scale, all my power is
derived from this single solitary sword.”

        “And you use this wooden sword in stead of a blade?”

        The young man nodded. “ Yes I was trained with a wooden blade, never
have I
swung a steal edge, I prefer its subtleties, Yet to under estimate this
sword would be underestimating the tree itself, for its powers far reach any
thing that I have yet taped into.”

        “Then you can control it?”

        “Yes, something that did not come easy for me, as you saw with your
own
eyes, it has left me injured, my own energy shattered, but that accident was
the only one, sense then I have been in complete control over her, yet even
I am humbled by her presence, I know deep down inside I am only able to
swing her true as I have is because she allows it.”

        “Then, you can create light hawk wings?”

        “Yes with her help I am able to create them, but it is purely up to
her, in
the past when I have been backed into a corner she has granted me that much
power.”

        “How many have you created at one time?”

        “First I must ask, it is fabled that Tsunami can create Ten Light
Hawk
Wings, and I am told that you have seen Tsunami in flight, is it true about
her power, is she as beautiful as I can imagine?”

        “Yes, I conformed ten from earths view, and yes its Beauty is far
beyond
any thing you can imagine.”

        “As I suspected, and is it true that the earth boy Tenchi is able to
create
three Light Hawk Wings on his own with out any outside help from a Tree?”

        The old master bowed his head “I was not there nor have I seen such
things,
but I would never dought the words of the girls.”

        “One finale question, the Ryoko here,…is she the same Ryoko that
attacked
Jurie seven hundred years before, and is her power is as great as it was
then?”

        “Yes it is the same Ryoko that attacked Jurie 700 years before, and
I know
first hand her power, yet even I do not know the extent of her true
potential with all three of her Jems, Now it is my turn to ask questions,
What attacked last night?”

        “That is quite a question Lord Yosho, perhaps that is better left to
a
another time.”

        “Then who are you, no not your name our rank, but where did you come
from,
you are not of noble birth, and one so young to do what you have done, by
yourself with no help from the Jurie power is quite extraordinary.”

“My true name is long forgotten, but my origins do start on Jurie, in a
small household, my family as simple as the times allowed, I had a father a
mother and…a sister, back then there was nothing to fear, yet even our
simple lives where changed when, a rouge space pirate brought a legendary
fight right to our house, yet know this for you were there, the damage was
tremendous, a stray shot hit our house destroying every thing my father
built with his own hands, that day I lost all the family that I had, some
how I survived, only to see the mass destruction with my own eyes, that day
I swore that I would hunt down and exact revenge on that space pirate,
swearing on every thing I held dear, my family, my honor, and my soul.”

The old man looked at him with worry and compassion “I see your predicament,
you have your rights, yet you should know that at the time the Ryoko that
now presides here was not in control of her actions at that time.”

“Which makes my situation all that more difficult.”

“ I will not stop you, her damage was tremendous, and your lose great, some
how I know I could not stop you if you really wanted to, but knowing Ryoko
she would fight and I would prefer it that you do it far away from here, so
that Tenchi would not have to see it.”

“I am not in any hurry to exact my revenge, yet my heart wouldn’t allow it,
my wish for blood shed has some what deteriorated over the years, yet the
memory’s are still burned deep into my mind and the hatred still remains
there.”

“Then why have you come here if not to take revenge for your lose, I am sure
that someone with your duties should have a lot to do?”

“I will be frank, the problems at home are far beyond simple duties and
tasks, it is something that I can’t accomplish by myself, nor the entire
armada of Jurian ships, even the might of the Galaxy Police have all but
fallen back from the battle field, I and a choice few still remain to fight,
I have come up with a plan yet to pull this off would take a lot of luck and
a certain young man, in a certain legendary ship”

“Then, you have come for Tenchi”

“Yes, but would he come, and could he accomplish such an impossible task.”

“If you seek my permission then I give it, yet you should know that if
Tenchi would go then all the girls would follow.”

        “Then will you come with me also”?

        “No I will stay here, for this shrine is all that is left of my past
life,
and some how I Know you would not need me yet how will you explain this to
them.”
“With the powers of this sword.”

.       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .       .
.       .          .

        It was night every one was asleep but Aeka, she had laid in her bed
for
nearly an hour. Her mind set on the young mans seriousness when she had
asked about Durie. Yet as her thoughts went back to Tenchi, she was calmed
she had no other choice whatever the young man would bring she knew that it
was about and no matter what she said she could not stop it. Yet she had
promised herself along time ago that no matter the price she would protect
Tenchi, she uttered the exact words of her secret pledge. “ On my body I
swear upon all that I have known that I Aeka first princesses of the Mighty
Planet Durie has swore her life in protection of the human named Tenchi
Masaki.” She could fill her heart slow down and herself slip away as she
went into a state of Dream.

        She could fill herself awake into the Dream world. She found herself
at
home on the planet Durie. And on a hill she saw the young man. Which spoke
to her in her mind. “Aeka, I will need to take Tenchi away is that alright
with you.”

        Aeka clenched her fists wishing she could wake up from her
nightmare. But
the young man appeared behind her. “Aeka, why are you scared”

        Aeka turned around facing the young man staring deep down in his
cold red
eyes, which made her shiver. “This…is the true…you.”

        The young man turned back at his gaze of the sun. “Along time ago
the boy
you once knew, in fact before you knew him was a happy…normal…boy, he had no
special dreams just to be happy, he was innocent, yet in an instant his
entire happy life was taken away, that day he renounced to all the trees his
wish to live, he toke his own life away...”.
The young man paused in his talking “ He devoted his very being to the sole
purpose of killing the one called Ryoko, this is him, in this world is all
his hatred for Ryoko, his hatred for Death, I am every thing that he
despises and loathes about himself, the emotions he has locked away in tell
he needs them.”

        Turning around Aeka noticed somehow his eyes turned Blue. “ Yet, all
his
love and dreams, his desires and wishes are locked in here as well, He was
heart Princesses Aeka when you see his hatred and cold loathing for all
races the very humanity everything witch links all races together, you hate
him for it, you wonder how someone could be so cold.”

        Aeka looked into his rare beautiful blue eyes which reflected the
sky’s own
majestic beauty in them but then again they turned to the red lifeless stare
“ Then why does he refuse such emotions.”

The young man sneered at her outburst of emotions “ You think you know so
much all of you do, yet you have no idea, he keeps all his strong emotions
at check, because of this the entire planet is Safe, although he is capable
of truly terrible things he is also equally capable of truly beautiful
things. You don’t see that, because he denies emotions such as love and hate
he is able to do his job of protecting life no matter what form of it.”

“ Leave her alone”

Aeka turned towards the cliff where Ryoko stood firm. “Ryoko”

“ Listen Aeka he is just here to take Tenchi, so tell me then what would
happen if he relies these emotions”

The young man turned suddenly confronted by all the girls “ Listen all of
you, take my heed, if he would come to terms with all his emotions at the
right time he would create life”

Ryoko joined Aeka on the ground “ And what does this all have to do with
Tenchi.”

The young man looked upon al their faces “ He believes that with Tenchi’s
help he could destroy the Virus that has the Life stone infected.”

Sasami gripped the back of Aeka’s night robe “ What’s the Life stone”

The young man looked into endless space “ Ask him when you wake he prevents
me from talking about it.”

Aeka walked up to the young man “ Excuse me,…what if he would lose control.”

The young mans face turned stern which frightened Aeka further “ You don’t
want that, if he would lose control at the wrong time then all Life as we
know it will be destroyed.”

                        End of chapter 3

Next to come (Chapter 4 Secrets Reveled).
