
All characters mentioned in this fan Fic excluding Sky are owned by Pioneer
not me. So please don’t sue me.

Well it’s me again; with my first chapter done I am presenting my second. I
usually don’t go farther if I my self-cant get into the story after I wrote
it. But I have Farley big plans for this so I will continue writing it to
the tunes of my favorite anime, I tell you all you have to do is have good
music and you can write any thing even if you don’t want to write.

Chap 2
        Ryoko flew threw the forest while she waited for Sasami to ring the
dinner
bell. She had skipped chores to meet Tenchi but she had a few more minutes
in tell he made his way back. She started to kill time by performing tricks
while she flew. She did cart wheels without touching the ground, she flipped
threw the air, she ended with a barrel roll, she saw flashes of blue from
the sky then green from the trees then brown on the ground, she followed the
colors as she slowly went round and round blue, green, brown, blue, green,
black, brown, she paused in mid air and reversed her corkscrew and tried to
focus in on the far black spot in the distant back drooping of the opining
of the cliff. She inched her way closer trying to make out the object.
As she came closer she could make out the long black robes and the back of a
dark haired figure. She thought it could have been Tenchi but there was no
reason why Tenchi would be standing at the edge of a cliff while he should
be working. She came closer in tell she could almost hear the figure
breathing. But the closer she got the closer the figure came closer to the
edge, she knew it couldn’t be Tenchi but something drew her closer. She
wanted to yell out just as the figure toke a finale step to the edge of the
cliff but the figure turned around just as she was about to open her mouth,
his face was grown up but his eyes where different they almost glowed a
crimson red as the light was reflected on them. The young man smiled and
stepped over the edge and plummeted straight down. Ryoko quickly flew over
to the side and peered over the edge expecting to see a body sprawled out on
the ground far below her but nothing was changed not even a branch swayed as
the wind blew her hair across her face. On the ground was a single scarf it
was soft and well made and its owner was nowhere to be seen.  It was odd and
too weird to be left alone. A loud rind in the far dissentience snapped her
out of her thoughts.
        Aeka swept the stairs and path leading to the Masaki shrine. Her
mind
completely indulged in the task at hand only a small portion still occupied
by the thought of impressing Tenchi. She indulged her mind as she looked of
into space thinking of things to say to Tenchi when he came home. A small
rustle in the bush startled her back in reality. She thought it might have
been Tenchi and she started sweeping again but nothing came out, she thought
it could have been Ryoko playing some mean trick on her. She threw down her
broom in anger and stormed off sticking her head threw the bushes she looked
around but found no trace of any thing. She stode back up and turned just as
a dark mass covered her face blinding her. She struggled to get it off
clinching the assailant in her hand. But nothing else came at her, she only
just noticed the black scarf that she was holding carried a Jurian noble
insignia on it but its markings weren’t of any family she knew about. The
dinner bell brought her back as she grabbed the bamboo broom and raced off
towards the main house.
        Sasami rang the dinner bell as loud as her young arms could. She
expected
every one to have been at least half way home already but she didn’t even
see Ryoko materialize as she raced to beat every one else at the table. She
went back inside and set the last pot on the table using a black potholder.
It wasn’t in tell she remembered that she didn’t have any black pot holders
that brought her back to the table as she looked at the fine made scarf its
lettering and insignia where woven in with a Jurian red thread only found on
her home planet. Sasami didn’t have enough time to think about it as the
other residents came rushing towards the table in search of food.

The small group of oddly arranged people sat quietly eating their food
wondering weather or not to tell each other their stories with out being
mocked. The only one that didn’t seem to be effected by the strange mode was
Mihoshi who stuffed her face with every thing that lay around her plate or
others plates who where to indulged in looking at something they kept secret
under the table. She didn’t even realize it as she dropped an egg roll that
was dipped in Sasami’s secret yellow sauce on her lap getting the spicy
sauce everywhere. She looked around the table waiting for someone to hand
her a napkin to clean it up with, but she guessed she was on her own, she
reached into her left pocket and pulled out her scarf that she really
couldn’t remember getting before. Every one around her looked up at the
flash of black appearing out of Mihoshi’s pants as she tried to clean her
lap off with it. The table excluding Yosho and Nobiyuki dived across the
table reaching for her scarf landing on Mihoshi whose head popped out
somewhere between someone’s leg. “ Owww, that hurt”, every one struggled to
stand up and tell there story. Leaving a stunned Mihoshi who hadn’t
recovered from the surprise attack yet.

It took Washu who had been drawn by the commotion several moments to get
every one settled down. “ Ok, now start from the beginning, who did you see
in the forest.”

“ That’s what I am trying to say I don’t know, it was a young man with a
long black robe, with marking on its right shoulder, he had short black hair
and crimson eyes”

Aeka and Sasami’s face light up they jumped at Ryoko and grabbed Ryoko’s
robe and pulled her to them, “ What did you say”

“ Hey get off me, I said crimson colored eyes, now let go of me”

The two princesses dropped her; Ryoko smoothed out her robes “ Why do you
know him or something”

Aeka stared out the window at the cold dark night wondering if the young man
was out there.

“ Why who is he what does this scarf mean”.

Aeka withdrew from the window “ That scarf is a sign of the highest nobility
on Jurie, that red mark is the sign of the highest order of Jurie knights,
the highest trained order the kings personal body guards and the protectors
of the planet of Jurie its self, they where so powerful and feared you
weren’t even allowed to even say there name in public, there control over
the Jurie power was second to the royal family’s.”

Ryoko studied the markings carefully “Then what’s this bird wing thing here”

“ I don’t know, it’s suppose to be the sign of the nobles house but I don’t
know of any house that uses a birds wing as its insignia”.

Sasami kneeled on the floor at the foot of the table “ Aeka do you think
that it could be him, do you think father sent him here because he was mad
at our decision to stay with Tenchi.”

Aeka bent down and held her sister’s hand “ I don’t know, it’s a possibility
I hope not though”

Ryoko floated up to a bean on the ceiling and laid back to relax “ Who is
this guy and why did he give us all a scarf is he like a pervert or
something who watches woman when there not looking anywhere”

Aeka grinded her teeth and clinched her fists at Ryoko. “ You would show
more respect to him if you knew him, he is a personal friend to my father he
is one of the only people that is trusted to be by his side, that scarf you
are holding is noble mans scarf giving it to each of us is a sign that he
has accepted us into his house as family and we are under his protection
just showing that on Jurie will get you nearly any thing you would ever
want”.

“ But Aeka he couldn’t have his own house he was born a commoner he could
never be allowed to own his own ship and house”.

“ Yes I know this Sasami he would have had to do something drastic to attain
his own house”.

A loud knock startled them Tenchi went over to the door and opened it “
Hello who is it”.

“ Who is it Tenchi”

Tenchi stared out the door to the rain filled night air there was nothing
out there
“ That’s strange there’s no one there” suddenly a huge explosion rocked the
Masaki house throwing Tenchi down the hall from the front door almost all
the girls ran after Tenchi. Aeka and Ryoko turned around to the shattered
door from where a huge mass of metal stood blocking the entrance from the
outside it had a huge buster rifle and had it pointed straight at the two
girls its muzzle started to swirl with blue and white as the cylinder turned
Aeka put up a shield while.
Ryoko created a beam saber and prepared to attack as soon as Aeka dropped
her shield, the rifle shot a huge energy blast that engulfed the shield, but
was soon over whelmed and disappeared, while the large armored assailant
reloaded his rifle Ryoko flew at him as soon as Aeka dropped her shield she
came down on its huge armored helmet but the energy blade just bounced off
only throwing sparks as it bounced off again and again as Ryoko continually
tried to pierce the large black armor after a barrage of hacks and slashes
she could only manage to make a small hole where on its tope but it was more
then enough for her to utilize.
Ryoko covered the whole with her hand and at the cost of her body she
blasted it with as much energy as she could gather in such a small time. The
blast sent her flying back into the house where she came to rest near
Tenchi’s feet she had no problem getting up just as the large assailant
managed to get to his feet. Ryoko had managed to blow a small portion of its
helmet off exposing its innards. Electricity bounced off its wound as the
rain covered the circuits that consisted of its body. Ryoko couldn’t believe
that her blast only phased it

“ What is that”, Washu some how appeared behind Ryoko and started to pound
away at her computer which she just shifted.

After a few moments she had a complete system check on their cybernetic
assailant. “ It’s a mecha suit, but its completely run by a computer Ryoko
you have to disable its CPU, it should be in its head” Ryoko flew at it, but
a large hand tried to swat her down it was only her nimbleness that kept her
just far enough to keep out of its reach. Ryoko created an energy blade and
thrusted it in the opining of the helmet making sparks leap in the air as
rain covered Ryoko’s dress and matted her hair, the large computer stumbled
then fell its lights that had light up every opining dimmed as it went
lifeless on the muddy ground. Ryoko stood on top of the large beast
triumphantly as her energy sword disappeared leaving red remains that slowly
diminished as they hit the rain.

“ Stupid machine” Ryoko cursed at the metal junk pile. Suddenly the whole
air light up with the flying beasts that illuminated Ryoko with their
spotlights.

Ryoko stood helpless she couldn’t do any thing else, the beasts beam cannons
light up as they prepared to fire. Some where is the back of Ryoko’s head a
voice echoed repeating itself. Use the dead one as a shield then throw it at
them as a weapon. The voice invaded her mind but its advice was a slight
saner then what she was planning to do. Ryoko dived in the hole that she
made and pushed threw the wires in tell she had buried her self deep into
its body. The beams hit just as she squeezed her self into its legs she
could fill the large mech being thrown around like it was nothing.
When the blasting stopped she crawled out of the now broken up suit and
lifted it up throwing it at the nearest flying mecha sending it into another
one behind it. Now escape into the field far from the shrine. Ryoko didn’t
wait as long to follow the voices instructions.

“ We have to make it to the field west of here”

Tenchi was still unchonchise and Aeka had Azaka and Kamidake carry Tenchi
behind them. Ryoko flew threw the forest with every one else running behind
her.

It was still night and the only thing that light their way was the
searchlights from their pursuers. “ I can’t make it” Sasami fell to her
knee’s Aeka tried to pull her on but Sasami was to tired to go on.

“ Please Sasami we can’t stop”, Ryoko flew back and picked up Sasami and
carried her on her shoulder.

They made it to the field, but they where caught between the cliff and there
pursuers. “ Damn it why did I listen to that voice, it was probably a trick
to trap us.”

“ Well Ryoko dear looks like where in a bind where trapped and you’re the
only person that can fly, so why don’t you take Tenchi and Sasami out of
here I will see if I cant hold them off for a while”.

“ And let you get all the praise from Tenchi, no I am the only person that
can save Tenchi”

“ Well then looks like where going to have to find out who will be saving
the day wont we”

“ Yes looks that way, well then lets get this started shall we”.

Ryoko created a light sword and toke her stance, Aeka’s hair raised in the
air as the Jurie power flowed throe her royal veins, her clothes flashed and
changed into the Jurie battle armor, her small electrodes appeared out of
thin air and surrounded her and Ryoko. There were four large mech suits that
were now landed and had their beam rifles pointed straight at the small
group of survivors. Azaka and Kamidake created a large shield around Sasami,
Washu, and Mihoshi who held Tenchi’s head up while trying to wake him.
Jurie power surged around Aeka exploding in anger, she rushed at the nearest
mecha, she flew forward carried by Jurai’s power, her fists pointed straight
at its heart. The field surrounding her hit the mecha with all its force
sending small shreds of metal into the air which quickly bounced off her
shield and dissinagrated in the air. The armor of the mech started to bend
and create a divot, Aeka raised the power as she felt it pulsate all over
her body, her barrier rippled with the power of Jurie, its force gathering
at the contact point, making the metal give way to a large hole sending Aeka
clear threw it. Spent and completely exasted Aeka couldn’t hold her ground
and bounced off the ground right in between the suits. The suit she flew
threw was quickly blown apart by a blast from Ryoko who tried to get to Aeka
just as the three remaining suits fired at her. Ryoko realizing halfway
there that she couldn’t make it to save Aeka.

Aeka winced at the oncoming beam of light, putting her head in between her
arms to try to shield her self from the coming blasts. Ryoko watched in
horror as the beam covered Aeka and dissinagrated leaving a large crater
where the blasts hit and converged. The nearest Mecha turned toward Ryoko
and prepared to fire at her as well but off in the distant a large boom sent
up a powerful blast that went along the ground tearing a straight path
towards the mech that was aiming at Ryoko, it hit the metal monster
exploding on impact, sending Ryoko back in the air a few feet. Only a large
hole was left after the blast.
The two remaining mechs turned toward the origin of the blast shinning their
searchlights on their assailant. She could see from her position a tall man
standing his place with long black robs his unruly short black hair casted a
shadow across his face his sword was a long wooden nodichi its curved blade
lay across the ground in a large divot where the blast had originated from.
Behind him Aeka laid dazed on her knees looking up at the young man with as
much confusion as Ryoko was showing on her face. The young man raised his
head just high enough for his crimson eyes to cut throe the darkness, their
star fixated on the two remaining mechs.
The young man surprised Ryoko even more by grinning a devilish grin as he
thrust his sword in the ground making it stick directly at a 90-degree
angle. His hair started to rise in the air as a red and white energy danced
around him like lightning bolts burning the ground when they hit. His dark
black robes started to glow its fine threads turning red tracing a pattern
around his arms and up his chest, it wasn’t easy to make out from her
position but Ryoko could guess it was a dragon its heads grinning like the
young man on his hands. His whole body burst into light that dimmed leaving
the young man with a similar Jurian battle armor like Aeka and Tenchi’s, but
his went down past his knees only showing his shin and ankles which where
covered by socks separated at the large toe, he wore sandals and had gloves
on his hands.

The strange marking appeared on his face much like Aeka and Tenchi but it
was only on one side his hair also remained sticking up. The sight was very
intimidating Ryoko even shuddered at the thought of him attacking her. The
young man drew his sword which now glowed a slight bit and its handles
carvings could been seen nearly across the field. He held it out pointing at
one of the mecha’s with its tip. He burst out with almost sinister speed
leaving only a trail of Jurian power behind him he held the sword above his
head and came down across the mech going right threw it like it did dint
even exists, the young man held the sword pointing its lethal edge at the
suit. A red line appeared where he cut, he quickly cut again bringing it
straight up then cutting from side to side, jumping quickly over to the
second and did the same but with out the dramatic pause he ended up almost
directly below Ryoko, the mechs stood for a moment but then fell apart where
he cut them leaving a hunk of mess behind, the young man with his back
facing Ryoko cut the air once creating a single strip of white light which
soon bowed and flew threw the two pile’s of metal exploding and leaving no
trace of the suits. The young man’s glow disappeared and his armor went back
to his normal black robes and his hair fell back into place.

He jumped towards Aeka who was still in shock who could only manage to stair
at him. He picked up Aeka and jumped back to Ryoko, who was still stunned
and was surprised when his soft gentle voice pierced the defining silence in
her mind.

“ Take Sasami and the others back towards the house there is no more at
least not tonight I will meet you there we shall talk then.” Ryoko watched
as he jumped away making good time as he went out of sight into the dark
night.

Aeka looked up at the young man and tried to figure out who it was. They
where moving fast and making good time she could already see the Masaki
house hold and before she knee it she had passed out and awoke again nearly
the same moment, this time she was on the couch the young man was by her
side standing vigil as she slept. He resembled someone she once new but he
was too old to stern looking to be the happy person she once knew.

“ Who are you”?

“ A friend”

“ Do you know my father”

“ Your father is a great man many people know him”

“ Then are you from Jurie”

“ I am from many places”

“ But did you once live on Jurie”

“ Yes”

“ What is your name”?

“ I have many names”

“ But what should I call you”

“ If you must call me something then call me Sky, Sky Niakii”

“ No that’s not his name but you resemble someone I once knew”

“ Where you close to him”

“ I at least thought so”

“ Well I am sorry I couldn’t help much”

“ No its ok, where is Tenchi and the others, is Tenchi Ok”

“ Yes they are on there way back, they should be here soon”

“ May I see your eyes please” the young man opened his eyes but only for a
few moments.

“ No not his”

“ I am sorry again”

“ No it is ok I just hoped”

“ He must have been special to you”

“ I guess so, yes he was a true friend one that you don’t come across very
often and when you do, you try to hold on to them because you know they wont
be there for long”

“ Oh, one of those kind of friends they are diffidently rare when you do
find one of those kind of friends”

“ Do you have friends like special ones that are dear to your heart”

“ There here” they could hear Mihoshi’s voice as they walked thru the broken
front entrance.

“ On more thing”

“ Yes”

“ Thank you”

“ Here they are, I found them there over here” Mihoshi danced around happy
about what she had done.

Tenchi walked in accompanied by Sasami and Washu. “ Are you Ok Lord Tenchi”.

The young man rubbed his head. “ I am ok, I am sorry I couldn’t do any thing
to help you”

“ Its Ok lord Tenchi this man saved us”

“ Oh thank you sir I don’t know what I would do if any thing happened to any
one of them”

“ It was nothing, I happened to be staying in the woods near where those
guys ambushed you it was luck that I heard the racket”

“ Well I am grateful to you, it looks like its pretty dark outside, if you
would like I can make up the couch for you”

“ Thank you but I must decline I have my belongings in a camp over in the
cliffs near here I am training, and part of my training is seclusion”

“ Oh well, your welcome to stay with us when ever you want and please come
and visit”

“ Thank you but I must be going”

The young man left the house the cold dark air felt good on his skin.

“ Happened to be there camping, heard the noise, ya right I don’t know what
your up to but I in tend to find out, that was Jurian armor you wore wasn’t
it.”

The young man held his head up in the air and toke a deep breath. “ That is
a great smell, the forest the wind so tranquil at night every thing sleeping
its beautiful.”

“ Hey did you here a word I said.”

“ Listen to it”

“ To what”

“ The breeze it caries the whispers of a thousand life’s”

“ What is with you, you’re ignoring every thing that I am saying,” Ryoko
disappeared from the roof top and reappeared right in front of him.“ Listen”

The young man looked deep into her face. “ What are you looking at”

The young man smiled at her “ You know you have beautiful eyes”

Ryoko was surprised at his remark no one had ever acted like this guy did.
The young man walked past Ryoko and started down the stairs. “Hey what
exactly do you mean by that” But it was to late the stranger disappeared
down the stairs.

End of chapter 2