                                                          Tenchi Muyo!
                                                          Fate's Promise



     Disclaimer: Pioneer, not I, owns the characters that I have used from the Tenchi Muyo TV
Continuity series. This story is simply for entertainment ( even if it comes at my own expense),
not for profit. Comments, good or bad, may be sent to : rhall3@elp.rr.com . Anyone who actually
would like to post this on a website may, just let me know. Thanks, and let the good times roll.




     " I'll tell you something, my Tenchi. You know the carnival comes and goes. If you wait
for a while, it'll always come back to you, Tenchi."


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



                                                         Chapter One
                                                           Memories



     " ' You should know, dear lad, I believe that the great Ralph Waldo Emerson is the one
who may have said it best.'
     ' And what is it that he said, Father?'
     ' In short, there ought to be no such thing as fate.' "
     A father to his son about the future...


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -




     It was morning with the sun just peeping over the mountains, spreading its light onto a new
summer day. The clear skies gave a good hint that it was going to be a beautiful day. As the sun
rose higher into the sky, its light began to peep into the windows of a beautiful, two-story house
by standing near small lake. The light, having made its way inside, proceeded to become rather
rude by shining  into the face of a young man lying fast asleep in his futon. Slowly, he woke up,
first squinting, then blinking into the light's rays. Sitting up, he began to look around his room.
     It was a simple room, with a desk and some shelves by one of the walls, and a few chests
sitting along another. The window, overlooking a spectacular view of the lake and surrounding
mountains, beckoned to him. Succumbing to its call, he got up and walked over and looked
outside. Looking at the sky, he mentally noted that it was going to be a nice day, so he might
actually get his work done. Just as he began to turn away, some movement caught his eye.
     Looking in the direction of the motion, he spied an old man dressed in robes starting up a
long path. He immediately recognized him as his grandfather, a Shinto priest whose shrine lay
near the top of the mountain he was beginning to ascend. He smiled and watched as his
grandfather disappeared from view. Then, with one last look outside, he turned away from the
window and walked over to one of the chests.
     Opening it, he rummaged through it and pulled out a set of simple-looking work-clothes.
As he started to leave the room, his eyes happened across his desk, upon which
several photos consisting of family and friends were sitting. Stopping, he studied them further. In
one, his father stood, grinning widely with his grandfather, who although he attempted to look
stoic, could do nothing to hide the glimmer of amusement behind his glasses. That one, he
remembered, was just a couple of years ago. 
     The next one was somewhat larger, containing within its bounds several more people. This
one consisted mainly of women, with himself being the only exception. One of the women,
actually a young girl with long, blueish hair, was smiling down at her companion, a furry little
creature that looked like a cross between a cat and a rabbit. A pair of women stood on the left
side of the photo, one with long, dark hair while her companion's was blond. The former was
casting her eye's upward in a " WHY ME?" gaze, while her partner appeared to be laughing and
rather carefree. Another young-looking girl stood next to them. She had a shock of red hair and
had this seemingly all-knowing look. The remaining two women, one with long lavender colored
hair and the other ( with somewhat light blue, spiky hair) were both latched onto him  The
lavender-haired girl was giving the other one an evil look, while her partner was smiling and
snuggling close to him. He, on the other hand, looked ready to run. Finally, he turned to the last
picture.
     In it, a beautiful young woman smiled back at him. She had long dark hair, and her smile
was very soft and gentle. Reaching down, he placed his fingers on the glass cover. After a
moment, he pulled them away and began to leave the room.
     I miss you mother, he thought as he exited.


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


     As he stepped out of the room, he detected the delicious aroma of a well-prepared
breakfast in the air. Breakfast was obviously well on its way, which meant he had better not take
too long on his bath, or else he would face the wrath of their young cook. So, he started towards
the bathroom.
     " Lord Tenchi, how are you this morning?" a quiet female voice said from behind him.
     Turning, he saw its source, the lavender-haired girl. She was dressed in a modest flowered
kimono and was carrying a towel and a change of clothes like he was, her long hair flowing
unfettered from its customary tails.
     " Good morning Ayeka. I am doing fine so far. And you?" he replied.
     " I am doing fine as well. I will see you at breakfast then?" As she spoke, she opened the door
to the bathroom. Through the doors, Tenchi could see what could be almost described as a
paradise. The bathroom was richly designed with marble and wooden carvings, and a large
number of plants were growing throughout. A pool was there instead of the typical tub. She
entered and closed the door behind her. After a second, Tenchi opened the door and was greeted
by an entirely different site. The room now before him was a regular bathroom, and somewhat
spartan in appearance. No fancy carvings. No plants. No pool. And no Ayeka. Sighing he
mentally asked himself why the girls seemed to always get the good stuff. Tenchi then entered and
closed the door behind him.
     Once the tub was filled with hot water, he got in and began to soak. Laying there, his mind
drifted off, and he began to think of times past.


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



     " Oh Tenchi..." a voice, with just a hint of sensuality in it, called out to him.
     As he got off the bus, he looked around, finally spying the voice's owner leaning against a
tree with a slight smile on her face. She was wearing a simple tank top and jeans, her spiky, cyan
hair flowing in the light breeze. " Hey Ryoko. How were things today?" He walked over towards
her as the bus drove off.
     Still leaning back, Ryoko looked upwards towards the sky, seemingly admiring a few of the
clouds that was floating there. " Oh, you know how it is around here. Boring as usual. But-" she
said, getting a sly grin, " - now that you are here, we could make it interesting..."
     " Now, Ryoko..."
     Laughing at the now somewhat flustered Tenchi, she disappeared and then reappeared
beside him. " Awwww, you never want to have any fun." She then began whispering into his ear,
" Come on, forget the chores. Let's go play. It'll be fun."
     Tenchi turned red immediately, just picturing Ryoko's idea of playing. Ryoko just looked
at him with an evil grin, and laughed lightly again. " Oh, come on, I'm not gonna hurt you." Then
she looked at him, her golden eyes dancing with playfulness. " I promise," she whispered, sending
a chill down Tenchi's back.
     " Do you always have to do this to me, Ryoko?" Tenchi said, finally getting his composure
back.
     " Of course," she snickered, " I just love to see you riled."
     Shaking his head, Tenchi immediately started up the path towards his house. " You're
hopeless."
     " I know." Taking his arm, she walked beside him, humming contentedly to herself.
     It had only been a couple of days since Ryoko had come back. He still remembered that
day when she left him at the Jurai palace all that time ago. And ever since she had returned, he
could see some subtle changes in her. Although she would still keep up a front, he could tell that
she was, well, calmer. Although he still reacted to her approaches, like the one he had just
endured, it appeared more in jest than actually to try anything. It was almost as if she had finally
accepted the fact that he needed the time to make his own decisions. Finally, he built up his
courage and decided to speak.
     " Ummmmmm, Ryoko."
     " Mmmmmhmmm?"
     Looking over at her, he could see that she was looking rather content. " Just what has
happened to you?"
     Stopping, she looked at him, a questioning look in her eyes. " What do you mean?"
     " Well, I was wondering what happened to you after you had disappeared. I mean, no one
heard anything from or about you all that time, until you had returned."
     A sudden look of sadness appeared in her eyes, causing him to stop speaking. She let go
of his arm and turned away from him. Feeling like he had said something wrong, Tenchi started to
apologize. " I'm sorry if I-"
     Without turning around, she interrupted him. " No, you don't have to apologize. Let's ,
well, let's just say that is something I really don't want to think about." Turning back around, he
could see tears were beginning to form in her eyes. Whatever it was, he decided, must have been
really bad in order for her to be affected like this.
     She wiped her eyes. " You just need to know that I found a new lease on life."
     With that, she faded away.
     Tenchi stood there, confused. Damn, he thought, I need to do something to cheer her up.
     Just then, a noise behind him interrupted his thoughts. Turning around slowly, he saw a
robed figure approaching him. Although he could not discern the individual's face at this distance,
he figured that they were going to visit his grandfather's shrine. Finally, the figure stopped just a
short distance from him. It was then that he recognized the robe's pattern: Juraian.
     Ayeka then looked out from under the robe's hood and shyly smiled at him. " I'm back
Lord Tenchi."


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



     Tenchi sat up in the tub, suddenly aware of the time. Got to get down to breakfast before
it is all gone, he thought to himself as he quickly hopped out of the water and changed into his
work-clothes. Exiting the bathroom, he almost stepped on a furry bundle that was running past
the doorway. Watching the oblivious creature continue downstairs, he wondered why Ryo-Ohki
was in such a rush. Probably out to get a carrot, he figured. With the thought of food on his mind,
he dropped off his sleeping attire in his room and headed downstairs.
     Entering the kitchen, he saw Sasami, the wonder-cook, going at it again. The little blue haired
girl was not quite as small as she was when she had first arrived on Earth, and was showing signs
that she was going to be another beautiful woman, like her sister. She was currently wearing her
apron and was taking a pot off the stove to set it on the table. As she turned around with the
steaming item, she caught sight of Tenchi in the doorway, breathing in the odors.
     " Morning, Tenchi. Breakfast is almost done."
     " Smells great, Sasami. What would we do without you?"
     " Starve," Sasami said, giggling as she went to grab some dishes. " Could you help set the
table while I finish getting the food ready?"
     " Sure, Sasami," he said, taking the dishes from her. Setting the table, he heard her
chatting to Ryo-Ohki. He smiled, knowing that those two would probably never be separated
again. Ryo-Ohki was very close to Sasami, almost as close as she was to Ryoko. Of course, it
helped that Ryoko and Sasami were practically like sisters themselves. And to him, she was like
the sister he never had. After his mom had died, his father had never remarried so he never had a
sister to call his own. But, after that trip into the past to save her from Kain, he could understand
why. His father just loved his mother too much. There would probably be no way to repair the
hole that remained in his life now that she was gone.
     " Hey, Sasami, what smells so good?"
     Turning, Tenchi watched as his father entered the room, dressed for work. Setting his
briefcase beside the counter, Nobuyuki began to lift the lid on one of Sasami's pots, releasing
more steam and delicious smells into the room.
     Smack.
     Grimacing, Tenchi watched as his father's hand retreated from Sasami's spoon attack. "
Ouch," his father whimpered as he rubbed his hand.
     Looking up at Nobuyuki, Sasami shook the spoon at him, her cute little face trying to look
furious. " You know better. Stay out of the food."
     " But Sasami..."
     The look he received quieted him up. Wow, Tenchi thought, Sasami practically has him on
a leash. But, then again, she was just about the only one living here that could really cook. Tenchi
grimaced, remembering the one time that Ryoko tried to make something. It took a week for
Washu to just identify what it should have been. So basically it was Sasami's kitchen, Sasami's
rules.
     Grabbing a kettle of tea, Tenchi asked Sasami, " Have you seen Ryoko today? Usually
she is down here already."
     " Well, she was here earlier. She looked kinda sad and told me that she would not be here
for breakfast." Grabbing the soup pot, Sasami continued to speak as she poured its contents into a
serving bowl, its aroma adding even more to the mouth-watering smells in the air. " She said
she needed to go somewhere for a while and wouldn't tell me why." Sasami looked at Tenchi. "
You think she will be okay, Tenchi?"
     Looking at Sasami's worried face, Tenchi thought for a second. It was not like Ryoko to
just go off like that. Something had to be wrong. She had been acting peculiar ever since he had
come back from that dimension-hopping adventure with Haruna a half-year ago. " Well, Sasami, if
I see her, I'll try to talk to her."
     " Thanks, Tenchi.," Sasami piped up, immediately cheering up. After getting the last pot
and placing it on the table, she turned to everyone. " Okay, it's all done. I'm going to get Ayeka.
If you touch any of this before I get back-" she threatened, looking directly at Nobuyuki.
Nobuyuki immediately cringed from the tiny cook's look. Taking off her apron, she left the room.
     Sitting down, Tenchi watched his father finally relax once Sasami left the room. " She
really has you good, doesn't she, dad?" he said jokingly.
     Nobuyuki scratched the back of his head with a slightly foolish look on his face. " Well,
yeah. But I have to admit she does remind me a bit of your mother, Tenchi. She has that same
look that Achika would give me when I tried to grab some food early on her too."
     " So, what you're saying is that now, in addition to the attempts on spying on us in the
bathroom, you might be trying to hit on us girls too?" a voice spoke sarcastically from the
doorway.
     Looking shocked, both Tenchi and his father turned and saw Washu entering the room. "
Now wait a minute, Washu. That's not what I-" Nobuyuki stammered out, trying to defend
himself.
     " AWWWW, come on. Give it your best shot," she said, fluttering her eyes rapidly, giving
him the most innocent look she could muster , with a huge grin on her face. Nobuyuki just hung
his head in defeat and moaned. Sensing his defeat, Washu sat down at the table, a look of
accomplishment on her face.
     Tenchi looked at the pair, just barely able to conceal his amusement. He had an idea how
his dad felt right then, since he usually had two women constantly vying for his attention. Of
course, his dad did ask for retribution, since he did try to view his female guests' attributes more
than he really should. But, then again, his dad appeared to have mellowed out some as time went
by. He had even stopped nagging him about choosing one of the girls, which was of some relief.
     A couple of moments later, Sasami entered the room, with Ayeka just a few steps behind
her. " I do wonder what is bothering her though," Sasami said as she placed herself at the table.
     Ayeka sat down. With a thoughtful look, she replied, " Well, I may have an idea. She has
been acting strange ever since we were trying to find Tenchi six months ago. And of course, there
is the fact that she has stopped insulting me so much now. Yes, her whole attitude seems to have
changed."
     " And how's that Ayeka?" Tenchi asked, after swallowing.
     " Well," Ayeka started, laying her chopsticks down," she seems to be, how shall I say it,
distant. It's like she's really got something on her mind. And I have noticed her at night sitting on
the dock, just looking up at the sky."
     Absorbing Ayeka's words, Tenchi looked thoughtful. Hmmm, he thought, now that I
think about it, he realized that Ryoko hadn't tried to seduce him lately.
     The conversation continued, everyone having noticed how odd and subdued Ryoko had
been. Finally, Tenchi got up from the table. " Good breakfast, Sasami. I've got to get to work on
the fields. If I see Ryoko, I'll talk to her." With that, he left the room.
     Washu got up as well. " It's been fun, but I've got a little something I'm cooking up in
the lab."
     Looking over at the little scientist, Ayeka laughed. " And since when don't you have
something you are working on there?"
     " Never, of course," the genius replied back. As she started to leave, she turned to Nobuyuki
and winked. " Oh, and the offer is still up for grabs if you are interested."
     Wincing, Nobuyuki concentrated on the food in front of him. After watching his obvious
chagrin, Washu laughed evilly and exited the room, heading straight to her lab.
     Ayeka and Sasami watched as Nobuyuki sighed in relief when Washu left. Then they
looked at each other, confusion spread across their faces. " So, Nobuyuki, what was she talking
about?" Ayeka asked.
     " You don't want to know," was the immediate response.
     Finishing off the last bit of breakfast, Nobuyuki stood and grabbed his briefcase.. " Sasami,
I am going to be working late, so you don't need expect me for dinner." With that, he too exited
the room.
     Ayeka and Sasami started to clean up. While Sasami was chatting happily, Ayeka began to
think deeply. Ryoko had indeed changed. Despite the fact that she was her chief rival for Tenchi's
affections, Ayeka actually respected her. And even if she did not want to admit it, she owed
Ryoko for helping to stop Kagato from taking over Jurai those years ago. And after all that time
spent looking for Tenchi, Ayeka even grudgingly could count her as a- friend?
     A friend, she thought again. Yes, she is. Somehow, we have managed to become friends
despite it all. Ayeka immediately came to a decision.
     " Sasami?"
     Sasami looked up from feeding Ryo-Ohki a carrot. " Yes, Ayeka?"
     Looking somewhat serious, Ayeka asked, " Would you mind finishing this up? I - I have
some important business I must attend to."
     " Sure Ayeka. No problem."
     Ayeka left the room while Sasami was watching. After she left, Sasami looked down at the
begging cabbit and realized that she still had the carrot. Immediately she dropped it and the cabbit
pounced on it. Petting the feeding creature, Sasami thought out loud.
     " I hope you find Ryoko, sister."
     The cabbit just meowed its agreement.


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



     Tenchi stood there as Ayeka smiled at him. Ryoko did say that Ayeka would not give up
easily, and it appeared that she was right. The carnival, it seemed, was coming back.
     After a few moments, Tenchi finally spoke up. " Hi Ayeka. It's good to see you again."
     " And it is good to see you too, Lord Tenchi. How have you been?" Ayeka walked over
till she was beside him.
     " Well, okay so far. Just working and plenty of schoolwork. An ordinary life here on
Earth."
     Together, they continued on the way up to Tenchi's house. Neither one spoke, until Tenchi
decided to break the silence.
     " Ryoko is here as well," he said, as the house came into view.
     Undisturbed, Ayeka kept walking, eyes forward. " Oh, she is, isn't she? I bet she has really
been bothering you all this time, hasn't she?"
     " Well, actually, she just arrived a couple of days ago herself and-"
     " Let's just put such thoughts out of our minds for now, won't we Tenchi?" Ayeka turned
her face to him, joy gleaming in her eyes. " We have so much to catchup on."
     Reaching the house, Tenchi sat down on the porch stairs. " Well, like I said, I have not
really been up to much, just work and school. Dad hasn't changed at all. And Grandpa is still
training me at the shrine."
     Looking up at the sky, he continued. " It has been really quiet around here. I have to
admit, I missed everyone, even that weird little scientist."
     Ayeka covered her mouth as she giggled. " Yes ," she spoke, " I missed them all as well.
Why, I can almost hear Mihoshi crashing into the lake again right now."
     " Ummmm, Ayeka," Tenchi said, fear evident in his voice.
     " Yes, Tenchi?" she asked.
     Jumping up, Tenchi shouted," That's because I think she's about to right now!"
     Together, they listened to the increasing whine of the falling spacecraft and then watched as
the Yagami dove in, nose first. And even over all that noise, they could hear a single, aggravated
voice.
     " MIHOSHI!"


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



     Leaning on his hoe, Tenchi looked out towards the mountains and wiped his brow. After
checking his watch, he realized that it was time to eat. Sasami should be here anytime with lunch,
he thought to himself. Then, he heard a scratching noise. Glancing around, he tried to locate the
source of the noise, but not see anything. Catching motion to his right, he turned just in time to
see a brown blur speed by. After a second, he realized the identity of the interloper. He groaned. "
Ryo-Ohki." Must be out getting a meal for herself, he decided. Shaking his head, he called out to
the retreating cabbit, " You could just ask, you know!" How can she eat all those carrots, he
asked himself. Then he realized that where Ryo-Ohki was, Sasami was usually not far behind.
Listening carefully, he could just make out the faint singing of the young girl as she made her way
towards him. Standing there, he watched as she finally came into view.
     Seeing Tenchi, Sasami waved and immediately headed for him. " Have you seen Ryo-
Ohki?" She ran off a moment ago."
     " Yeah," Tenchi replied, as the two of them headed for some shade. " The little carrot-
nabber made its getaway just before you arrived."
     Sasami giggled. " Oh, Ryo-Ohki... What will we do about her?"
     Scratching his head, Tenchi laughed. " I don't think we can do anything about her. She is
as strong-willed as Ryoko."
     Seeing the basket she carried, Tenchi asked, " So, what did you bring today?"
     " Oh, the usual."
     As she opened it, Tenchi noted that it was unusually full. " Wow, Sasami. I am hungry and
all, but isn't this a bit too much?"
     " Oh, I was hoping that Ryoko would be here, too. I know that she's got to be real hungry
by now."
     " Well, I have not seen her at all, Sasami. That was nice of you to think about her though."
     " Yeah, well, I think my sister went to look for her as well. I hope someone finds her soon."
     " Well, I do hope things are alright myself." Smiling, he sat down under a tree. " I must
say," he started as Sasami began to pull out the food, " Those two are getting along better ever
since that last adventure. I am not really sure of what to think about it."
     Sasami handed him a bowl of soup. " Well, I think the two of them just finally realized how
much they both really care about you." She sat down and proceeded to help herself to a small
bowl of rice. As she munched, she started to look thoughtful. " Tenchi?"
     " Yes, Sasami?"
     Sasami looked over at him. " Do you think you are ever going to decide between them?"
     Leaning back against the tree, Tenchi replied slowly. " I don't know, Sasami. I really don't
want to hurt either of them and besides that, I am not even sure if I am ready to make such a
decision yet."
     " On Jurai, almost everyone gets married by whom their parents choose. It seems to be a
much easier way." 
     " Well, here on Earth, most people like to choose for themselves who they are going to
marry. It makes more sense to us since we would rather be with someone who wants us like we
want them."
     Sasami sighed. " Wow, that sounds so nice. I wish I could do that, but I am not sure that I
could."
     Tenchi laughed. " Well, Sasami. You are still young. Even here, we try not to make those
kind of decisions at your age."
     Looking somewhat dreamy, Sasami sat, nibbling on her food. " Tenchi?"
     "Yes, Sasami?"
     She sat there, fidgeting, obviously nervous. " Do you think that I might be able to make
that choice when I am all grown up?"
     Smiling at her, Tenchi replied, " Yes, Sasami. I don't see why not."
     Sasami jumped up and hugged Tenchi. " Thanks, Tenchi." she said. Then, sitting back
down, they continued with their meal.


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



     Ayeka sat down on a nearby rock, a look of frustration on her face.
     " It's amazing," she thought out loud, " I can never seem to find her for anything, unless it
is making sure that she isn't trying to seduce poor Tenchi."
     Shaking her head, she began to rest. She had been looking for several hours now and had
seen no signs of Ryoko anywhere. Realizing that it was lunchtime, she hoped Sasami wasn't
worried about her. Well, she decided, sometimes you have to do things, even if you don't really
want to. Then leaning back, she looked around, enjoying the surrounding scenery.
     She was sitting near a small stream, which when followed, would lead down near the
Masaki Shrine. The trees were full and shaded her well from the sun, which- to her opinion- was
making the day rather hot. She hoped that Tenchi was not out in it too long while he worked in
the fields. Around her, different types of flowers were showing off in a variety of shapes and
colors. Reaching down, she picked one that had pure white petals. This one is rather pretty, she
decided. Then, an idea popped into her head. Picking a few more, she began to work, weaving
them into a wreath. Smiling at her work, she thought- not bad, considering it had been years since
the last one that she had made. Placing it on her head, she leaned back some and felt an errant
sunbeam on her face. Earth, she pondered. So much like Jurai, and yet, so different. Standing up,
she placed her hand on a nearby tree, trying to feel the life that was flowing within it. After a
moment, she frowned, unable to feel anything. These trees are so different - they feel so lifeless,
she thought. Remembering what had happened with Tenchi on Jurai when he fought Kagato, she
understood that perhaps she - being full Juraian - just might not be able to feel the life they
possessed. Tenchi, being of both worlds, was able to feel and draw strength from both. But, she
did have to admit, like the trees on Jurai, the Earth trees did possess their own beauty.
     Then she heard a scratching noise. She turned around quickly, poised to use her powers if
necessary. There, just a few meters away, stood a small creature looking at her rather curiously. It
was somewhat small with a furry tail that was large as the rest of its body. Thinking carefully, she
realized that this was what Tenchi had called a squirrel, a rather harmless woodland creature.
Sighing in relief, she watched as the squirrel started looking around, apparently deciding that she
was harmless. As she watched, it found a nut and to her amusement, stuffed it into its mouth after
looking at it thoroughly. Then, with one last look at her, it ran off, disappearing into the bushes.
     Good idea, she thought, feeling a bit hungry herself. With one last look around, she turned
and began to make her way back to the house.


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



     Sitting back, Nobuyuki examined his work. He had been given the honor of designing a
new government building and had been working on it diligently for the past several weeks. The
officials were expecting a briefing on it tomorrow, and he knew that he would have to be well
prepared for it, so he was planning on being here late. Picking up a bowl of rice, he stuffed some
into his mouth. Munching on the sweet grains, he began to examine his work carefully, for he
wanted everything to be perfect.
     Poking his head into the office, one of his co-workers looked over at him. " Hey,
Nobuyuki, want to go out for lunch? There's this new little restaurant just a few blocks away
from here. And-" he added, winking slyly, " I hear one of the waitresses is rather cute."
     Swallowing, Nobuyuki turned. " Sorry, Tsuga, I wish I could. But, I have to make sure
that my presentation for tomorrow is ready."
     Coming into the room, Tsuga looked over the drawings. " They look great. I don't see
why you are so worried."
     " Well, I know that this is an important account for our firm, so I am just trying to give it
my best."
     Shaking his head, Tsuga turned to leave. Just as he started through the doorway, he called
out over his shoulder. " Well, I guess you are getting old. Imagine, you of all people, missing out
on the chance to flirt with a young waitress." With that, he left.
     Leaning back into his chair, Nobuyuki sighed. For several minutes, he just sat there, a
thoughtful expression on his face. Then he turned and picked up a photo off his desk. It was of
Achika, his former wife. Looking at her face smiling back at him from the picture, he felt his heart
swell up.
     I wish you could be here, he thought. You would be so proud of our son. He is growing
up to be quite a young man. He is kind and considerate of others. This year, he leaves to go to
college. And to think, he wants to be an artist. I just wonder what the girls will do when he leaves.
I just hope - just hope that whatever he does, and once he decides who he wants for his wife, he is
as happy as I was with you at my side.
     A teardrop fell, slightly blurring her face. Taking part of his shirt, he carefully wiped the
glass off. Setting the picture back on its place of honor on his desk, he stood up and walked over
to the window. There, he began to stare outside at the buildings, wondering about what the future
held for him, Tenchi, and his adopted family.


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



     Katsuhito, once the greatest swordsman and the champion of Jurai, now a simple priest on
a small, out-of-way planet, yawned. It had been a relatively uneventful day thus far; the only item
of interest was when he had spied Ryoko earlier in the morning, hovering near the shrine. She
looked as though she had wanted to speak, but then had disappeared. She was an interesting one
for sure. But, all of the people that resided here were interesting in their own ways as well, at least
in his opinion. In the distance, he could see a couple of people sitting under a tree near the fields.
After a moment, he could tell that it was Tenchi and Sasami, probably eating lunch. Feeling a bit
hungry himself, he placed his broom beside the shrine's porch and entered through the doorway.
     The interior of the shrine was of simple design, a table and a few small rugs being the main
furnishings within its walls. Walking over to the table and taking a seat, he took a small box that
was sitting there and opened it. Smelling its contents, he decided that once again, Sasami had
lived up to her reputation. Taking out one of the small cakes that the box contained, he began to
eat it slowly, enjoying its flavor. As he ate, he thought about his past: the battles he fought, and
the people that he had met.
     Sensing a presence, he turned his head slightly. There, in the doorway, he saw a familiar
shadow. Smiling inwardly, he called out, " You know, Washu, sometimes you just need to knock
if you want attention."
     " Well," the diminutive scientist said as she walked over and sat down across from him, "
If I had thought that you would not have known that I was there, I would have, Lord Katsuhito."
     Smiling, Yosho offered her some of his lunch, but Washu refused, having eaten earlier. "
Sasami really knows how to cook. She just seems to get better every day. If I did not know
better, I would swear that she is studying it like I do with some of my specimens."
     " Yes, she is very talented. She will make a good wife someday."
     " For Tenchi perhaps?" Washu said, looking slightly smug.
     Yosho shook his head. " That would be for Tenchi to decide."
     " But, I think you know just as well I that he may have already decided."
     Yosho sat there, chewing on a particularly flavorful piece of rice-cake. Swallowing, his face
relaxed, allowing some of his age to show through. " Yes, I just wonder when he will realize it
himself."
     And so they sat, listening to the birds chirp, and enjoying each other's company.


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



     " Thanks, Tenchi," Kiyone said, taking the towel from him and starting to dry out her hair.
" That Mihoshi, I just can't believe that she did it again."
     Ayeka looked at Kiyone's perplexed look and laughed. " Well, Mihoshi will be Mihoshi."
     " Did someone call for me?" a bubbly voice called out from another room. As Mihoshi
entered the room, Kiyone groaned. Seeing Kiyone's face, the blonde immediately teared up. " I'm
sorry, Kiyone. I really didn't mean for that to happen. I just got excited that we were going to see
Tenchi and his family again, and I just hit the wrong button. Please, forgive me, Kiyone. Please!"
she pleaded, tears streaming down her face.
     Kiyone sighed again. She knew it had been an accident. Even she had to admit that she
wanted to come back here. During the time they had spent at GP headquarters, she had felt
that something was wrong. It was like something was missing, and she just could not place a
finger on it. Then came the day that Mihoshi had managed to get a link up with the phones on
Earth, and they both were able to talk to the Masaki's again. Although it did mess up the rest of
the GP's communication network, it was good to talk to them again. It was then that she realized
what was wrong.
     It was the fact that she was here at headquarters. Somehow, it just wasn't what she expected.
She had grown to miss some of the simple things that she had taken for granted. And it was not
the patrols. She missed that simple, good feeling that she received when she did something that
actually made a difference, however small it was. Whether it was fixing the engine of someone's
spacecraft out near Jupiter, or something as simple as the time she had helped that one Earth child
get her pet cat out of a tree, she had done something. Here, she was behind a desk, where she
could only hope that there were going to be some results. Out there, she could do something. It
was then that she realized that sometimes, when you get something, it was not always for the best.
At that moment, she knew what she had to do. She had to go back. Being a beat cop, even for
such an out-of-way system like the Earth's, would give her more pleasure than this desk she was
at now.
     It was not long after she had come to this realization that she had discovered that Princess
Ayeka had left Jurai, leaving no message as to where she was going. Immediately realizing where
she was heading, she decided to go there herself, reasoning that it would be better for Ayeka to
talk to someone she knew and trusted, than to some stranger. But, as usual, Mihoshi managed to
tag along. In a way, Kiyone surmised, it was almost like fate, like they were meant to be together.
So, with much teeth-grinding, they headed for Earth.
     Now, here she was, the Yagami at the bottom of a lake, both passengers soaked, and
somehow, inside, she actually felt happy. Sure, Mihoshi had ruined the entrance, but that was
Mihoshi for you.
     Looking at her blonde partner, she started to smile. Then, from inside of her, she started to
laugh uncontrollably. Everyone in the room looked at her like she was mad. For what felt to be an
eternity, she laughed, releasing the pent up stress from Mihoshi to all the responsibility of the desk
job. Finally, she managed to get herself under control. Looking around, she realized that everyone
was looking at her rather confused.
     " Sorry guys," she apologized, " I guess it was all that stress let out at once."
     Looking over at Ayeka, she continued speaking. " Princess Ayeka, I have come to see if
perhaps you may need, shall I say, bodyguards, while you are away from Jurai. After all, it would
not be proper for the Crown Princess to be unprotected."
     Surprised, Ayeka looked questioningly at her. " What about your promotion? Isn't guard
duty a bit beneath your present station now with the GP?"
     " Well, the way I see it Ayeka, it would be better to have people you know around you
than some complete strangers."
     Ayeka smiled. " Yes, that is true. Well, if your superiors say you may, then I shall have
you."
     Tenchi walked over to the stairwell and opened the door, planning on getting a mop to
clean up the porch from where it had received Mihoshi's impromptu washing. Next thing he knew
he had stepped into a much larger space than he was expecting. Looking around wildly, he
quickly realized where he was and came to his senses.
     " Washu!" he cried out, more in surprise than in frustration.
     From the shadows, a figure approached him. Finally, it stopped, all of its four-foot frame
seemingly able to tower over him. " Hi, Tenchi," Washu spoke as he completely recovered from
the surprise. " Hope you don't mind if I borrow your closet space."
     " Nice to see you, Washu," Tenchi said, looking nervously about. " When did you get
back?"
     " Well," she said as she stepped back a bit, placing her hands on her hips, " I actually just
arrived a few minutes ago and have yet to start setting up my lab."
     " Ahhh, I see. Well, since all the others appear to be coming back as well-"
     Washu suddenly turned white. " You don't mean Mihoshi-"
     " Uhhh, yeah. Why?"
     Closing her eyes, Washu groaned. " Damn. And I thought my lab would be safe this time."
     After watching Washu curse her luck, Tenchi asked, " Washu, do you mind if I can get a
mop? Mihoshi did a number into the lake and, well-"
     " Sure." Washu held out her hands and a keyboard formed. She started typing and a small
hole appeared, from which a mop, with an odd looking sponge on it, fell out. " This mop should
do. It has a super absorbent sponge on it that  I designed just for cases like this."
     " Thanks, Washu. And welcome back."
     " Now get out of here so I can get to work. I have a couple of experiments I need to work
on as soon as the lab is up." Turning around, she disappeared into the darkness. Then, a second
later, a humming sound filled the air and a few small lights began to pop on. After watching for a
moment, Tenchi exited the closet, amazed at the speed at which she could work.
     After closing the door, Tenchi turned around and was staring at several concerned faces. "
Are you ok, Tenchi?" Ayeka asked. " We heard you call out and-"
     Looking back at the door, Tenchi shook his head. " Oh, I just ran into Washu, that's all.
She just got here as well."
     The girls looked at each other. Wow, everyone has come back, Kiyone thought to herself.
     " Well, I have got to go clean up the porch. Be back later." Tenchi left the room and
headed outside.
     After watching him leave, Ayeka turned to the other women. " Well, now. I guess we have
some catching up to do, don't we?"
     Smiling, Kiyone decided that yes, they did.


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



     The sounds of battle filled the air. Tenchi, now dressed in his practice outfit, was attacking
a helpless piece of wood that was hanging from a rope. Hopping back and forth on some stakes
pounded into the ground, he was skillfully batting at it, keeping it from reaching the ground.
Then, out of nowhere, a small blade flew up and sliced the rope. Keeping his concentration,
Tenchi continued to hit the wood, successfully keeping it airborne.  After a few moments,
Katsuhito decided that it was enough. " Okay, Tenchi. Get ready to practice forms now."
     Walking towards his grandfather, Tenchi wiped the sweat off his brow. It had been a hard
practice, but so far, he had done well. Standing in front of his grandfather, he immediately went
into a stance. Together, they began to move, flowing from one form to another, so smoothly that
it almost appeared that they were dancing with the weapons. As time passed, Tenchi saw some
movement out of the corner of his eye. Still staying in sync with his grandfather, he realized that
someone was watching them. Since he knew better than to stop, he continued moving from one
form to another, hoping to get a glimpse of who it was.
     It was then that he saw the look in Katsuhito's eyes. In a flash, he defended himself from
the bokken that flew almost directly into his face. Moving quickly, he began to defend himself
from the ever increasing speed of Katsuhito's attacks. Sensing an opening, Tenchi then countered
a blow aimed for his leg and struck back himself. The tables now turned, his grandfather was
forced to defend himself from Tenchi. He is getting much better, Katsuhito thought as he parried
Tenchi's attacks. Finally, after almost a half-hour of sparring, he signaled Tenchi to stop.
Together, they went and sat down under a tree and began to relax.
     Looking over at the young man , who was working on some breathing exercises,
Katsuhito began to speak. " You have gotten pretty good in the past few years, Tenchi. You may
actually beat me one day."
     " Well, with everything that has happened, I really did not have much of a choice. I had to
learn how in order to protect the people I care about."
     The conversation quickly died as they sat there, resting. For another half-hour, nothing
was said between them, the sounds of their breathing being the sounds they made. Then,
Katsuhito decided that now was a good time as any to talk to Tenchi.
     " Tenchi, you realize that you are leaving in just a couple of months to go to college?"
     Tenchi looked over at his grandfather. For some reason, Yosho had appeared older, like
he had aged right in front of his eyes. Unable to place why, Tenchi responded. " Yes, I know
that."
     " And you realize what you are going to have to do before you leave?"
     Seeing Tenchi looking confused, Yosho looked up, his eyes following one of the few
clouds that existed there. " I am talking about Ayeka and Ryoko."
     Tenchi paused, then spoke. " Yes, I know that I am going to have to talk to them. But, I
am not sure as to what I need to say. I care for both of them, and I am afraid that they both may
be hurt by what I may have to say. I just don't know what to do about them."
     " Well, Tenchi, I think Ryoko already knows what is going to happen. I saw her this
morning near the shrine and she was looking rather unhappy. I thought she wanted to talk, but
then she disappeared, and I have not heard from her since."
     Tenchi sat there, his thoughts racing through his head. Could it be that Ryoko was
worried about him leaving? Maybe she knew that she was not going to be able to come with him
when he left. But, then, what about Ayeka? Why wasn't she acting worried at all? Maybe, he
decided it just had not hit her yet that he was leaving and would not be back for several months.
Ryoko, on the other hand, was prone to being more free with her expression. That could be
it, he decided.
     Looking up, he realized that his grandfather was watching him carefully. " So, what are
you going to do, Tenchi?"
     Standing up and brushing off a few errant pieces of grass Tenchi made his reply. " Well, I
am going to talk to them both. That is the only way to make sure that they understand that I am
not going away forever."
     " Well, Tenchi, you need to do something soon. Or else, you may lose both of them."
     Tenchi bowed to his grandfather, who returned it with a nod. Then Tenchi left, wondering
still of what he was going to say to them.
     Yosho watched Tenchi disappear from view, and then he lay back against the tree and
closed his eyes. Poor Tenchi, he thought, he still does not understand. But, he will understand
soon. Yes, he most definitely will.
     And in the distance, from the cover of trees, a figure watched as Tenchi started down the
hill. Once he was out of sight, the figure vanished, leaving a few rustling leaves and a
surprised bird as the only witnesses to its existence.


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



     Poking her head through the doorway, Sasami called out to her sister. " Hey, Ayeka.
Could you run out and get some vegetables? I need a few more and unfortunately, I can't go get
them right this second."
     " Okay, Sasami." Ayeka stood up from the small table she was just cleaning off and placed
the towel back into the cleaning bucket. Shaking the excess water from her hands, she then
unceremoniously wiped them onto her clothes. My goodness, she thought as she realized what she
had just done, I certainly have gained some very unlikely habits since I came to Earth. But, she
decided, it did not matter. After all, she was actually enjoying the freedom that she could not
afford to have back on Jurai. And since she knew that one day she would have to return, she had
decided to make the best of it and of what life could bring her while she was here.
     Humming a happy melody, she stepped outside and was immediately greeted by Tenchi. "
Just the person I wanted to see," he said.
     Thoughts immediately started running through her head. What is this? Could he have
finally made his decision and was choosing her? Or, could it be-? The look on his face stopped
her. He looked rather serious. In almost the same instant, she composed herself. " Yes, Tenchi?
What is it?"
     " Well, I am not sure how to say this but-"
     I knew it, she thought, he is trying to tell me that he is choosing her. It's not fair, why
does it have to be her?
     "- I just thought that you and Ryoko should know that even though I am going away
soon, I am still going to care for both of you."
     Tenchi watched as confusion and then relief flashed across Ayeka's face, leaving her
slightly blushed. " Are you ok?" he asked.
     " Yes, Tenchi, I am fine," Ayeka, finally said, still a bit flushed.
     " Ok, I just thought that you wanted to know that. I am sorry that I have taken so long to
say anything. I guess I just did not really think about it."
     " Oh, we will be just fine," Ayeka replied. " To be honest, I had not really thought about
it. I know that you won't be away too long and that we can visit you on occasion. And I believe
you will try to be here for the holidays."
     Tenchi smiled. Ayeka was apparently taking this very well. " It's good to see you take this
so well. But, I have got to go. I still need to find Ryoko and talk to her."
     Ayeka paused. " You still have not seen Ryoko today?"
     Tenchi shook his head. " Nope, not a peep from her at all. Something must really be
bothering her."
     " Well Tenchi, I am not sure what to say. I know that she is a bit moody sometimes, but
this is way beyond her. I tried looking in some of her usual hiding places and she was not at any of
them either."
     Tenchi started thinking. Maybe, he thought, it would be better to wait and see when she
came back. Ryoko could be very hard to find when she did not want to be found. " Well, maybe
I'll wait. She will have to come back soon anyway. It is not like her to miss too many of Sasami's
meals. After-all, I don't think she ate anything anyway, and like I said, it really is not like her to
miss too many of Sasami's meals. She should be getting pretty hungry."
     Ayeka stood there looking concerned. " I hope she does."
     Sasami poked her head through the doorway. " Do you have the vegetables yet? Oh, hi
Tenchi." She stepped out and wiped her forehead off. " Phew, it's almost as hot in the kitchen as it
is out here."
     " Well, I had better go to the shed. Good luck on finding Ryoko." Ayeka walked off,
heading around a corner and disappearing from sight.
     Sasami looked at Tenchi. " You still haven't seen her, Tenchi?"
     Tenchi just shook his head. silently in reply. Sighing, he looked out over the western
mountains and just stared into the distance, hoping inwardly that he would see her silhouette
dancing in the wind as she always loved to do on such beautiful days. But, the only things he saw
that were dancing around were a few birds. Sasami watched Tenchi as he gazed,
sensing his sorrow.
     " Tenchi, don't worry. I think she will be alright. I guess sometimes a person has to be
alone."
     Tenchi smiled and looked down at Sasami, who was trying her best to smile. " Yeah, I
guess you are right. She'll be back when she's ready."
     And together, they watched the birds dance to the wind's tune.


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



     Standing at the base of Funaho, Ayeka felt the power of the tree flowing through her. " Yes,"
she thought out loud, " I agree. It has been too long since we have talked." Ayeka reached out
and placed her hand on the trunk of the mighty tree. " So, you say that there is a family of Earth
birds making their nests in your branches? My goodness, you must be enjoying their company
very much. I do so enjoy their singing myself. And you also have been in contact with the other
trees here on Earth? Now that is a surprise. I did not know that you could talk to them."
     Ayeka took her hand away and closed her eyes. A slight breeze was blowing around, and
was strong enough to blow a few errant strands of hair into her face. Earth is just as beautiful as I
remember, she thought to herself.
     " What's that you say? Sasami is on her way here?" Ayeka looked at the tree in disbelief.
Then, she laughed to herself. " I guess I am just too easy to figure out."
     " You can say that again, Princess," a slightly husky voice called out from behind her.
     Without turning around, Ayeka responded. " And I see that you have come back here as well."
     Ryoko floated over and moved in front of her. There they stood, eye to eye, the tension
building between them. Moments passed and nothing was said.
     Finally, Ayeka spoke, breaking the spell. " I want to formally thank you for helping Tenchi
save Jurai. Without you, he may have never made it to the Royal Palace."
     Ryoko stood there, a small smirk on her face. " Well, I want you to know that I did it for
Tenchi. I really did not care what happened to you. I just wanted Tenchi to get there in one
piece."
     " Yes, and for that I am grateful," Ayeka said, not letting Ryoko's piercing gaze and smirk
affect her. " But, let's both be honest. We both know why we are here."
     " I agree with you on that point, Ayeka," the space pirate said, still staring at Ayeka, her
smirk having vanished and was replaced by something more serious.
     " Besides, do you really think that you will have much of a chance now that I am here? If
you haven't managed to get him by now, then I really don't-"
     " And from what I understand, you couldn't have him on Jurai, so from where I see it, we
are both on equal ground here," Ryoko interrupted her.
     Once again, silence reigned. The moments passed as the two women faced each other,
both unwilling to speak or leave.
     Finally, it was Ryoko who decided to speak. " Ayeka, you may not believe me or not, but
I made a promise to Tenchi. I promised that I would win his heart fair and square, because I
knew that you would be coming back. And I meant it. So, it all depends on you, Ayeka. Are you
game? Or are you going to turn tail and hide?"
     Ayeka stepped back, not sure of what to think. Did Ryoko just say that- no. She could
not have meant-
     " You mean to tell me that-" Ayeka finally spoke, her surprise finally slipping away, "- you
actually did not try to steal-"
     " Exactly." Ryoko stood there, not blinking. " Now, I am going to go back. I promised to
be fair, and so I shall be."
     Stepping back, Ryoko suddenly broke out into an evil looking grin. " And since you are
here, I say let the games begin. Besides, is it not true about what they say on it all being fair in
war- and love?"
     With that, Ryoko disappeared, leaving a very flustered and gaping Ayeka.
     Tenchi was mopping up the last of the water on his front porch when he heard Ayeka, in the
distance, screaming her lungs out, apparently hunting down Ryoko. He stood there, listening to
her threats for a few moments. Then, he smiled.
     Yep, he thought, everything is back to normal.



- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


     Night had finally taken over the heavens. It had been several hours since the sun had
relinquished its hold over the sky and the stars were at their brightest on this clear night. From the
Masaki residence, only the lights coming from the window gave any signs that there were people
there. 
     Inside, the normally jovial place was unusually quiet. Ayeka was reading a Jurian history
book to Sasami in the living room. But, it was obvious that neither one was really paying much
attention. Nobuyuki had just arrived a short time ago and was sitting in his favorite chair, reading
the daily news. But, his mind was more on the events of his past. Tenchi stood by the window,
still looking for signs of Ryoko. Washu had made an appearance, but as soon as she noticed the
unusual silence, she felt it better to retreat to her lab. Even the cabbit was unusually subdued, just
moping on a cushion, looking at everyone with sad looking eyes.
     Finally, Tenchi turned. Everyone looked up from what they were doing at his sudden
movement. He sighed and started to walk upstairs with everyone watching. As he headed up the
stairs, he heard a noise. Looking back, he saw Ryo-Ohki behind him, looking unusually sad. He
reached down and scratched the cabbit between its ears, getting a happy miya from her, then he
headed upstairs, leaving the cabbit to its own devices. Entering his room, he changed into his
sleeping clothes and lay down.
     A few moments later, he could here the sounds of footsteps on the stairwell and in the
hallway, signaling that everyone else was going to bed. After a bit, silence once again reigned.
Tenchi lay there, trying to go to sleep, but was being denied. Finally opening his eyes, he spied his
window. Since he could not sleep, he got up and headed towards it. Looking out, he thought over
the days events, trying to figure out what may have happened to Ryoko. He had already decided
that if she was not there in the morning, his chores would wait. But, he could not get the thought
out of his mind that he knew where to find her. Something tickled at the back of his brain, an idea
that just would not go away. 
     Holding his head, Tenchi shut his eyes and began to get his thoughts together. Opening his
eyes again, he opened the window and breathed in the cool mountain air. Outside, all he could
hear were a few night birds and insects, and the water from the lake as it lapped against the dock.
Looking out over the lake, he caught a glimpse -
     < " And I have also noticed her at night  sitting on the dock, just looking up at the sky." >
     Suddenly, Tenchi turned and grabbed a robe. He raced out of his room and started down
the stairs. 
     Crash.
     Tenchi found himself at the bottom of the stairs rolled up and hurting all over. Looking up
in pain, he saw the object that he had tripped over -Ryo-Ohki - who was now looking at him
rather worriedly. Apparently, the cabbit had fell asleep on the stairs and Tenchi, in his rush, had
failed to see the furry obstacle in his path. Seeing how pitifully sad the cabbit looked, Tenchi
stood up, albeit painfully, and checked himself. Feeling nothing serious, he walked up and picked
Ryo-Ohki up. 
     " Don't worry Ryo-Ohki, I forgive you."
     The cabbit meowed in relief and snuggled into his arms. Petting the creature, Tenchi headed
outside, noting that despite all the racket, no one had came to check.
     Once outside, he started towards the dock. There, sitting on the edge, he could see a
figure. As he got closer, he realized that it was Ryoko. There she was, like Ayeka had mentioned
that morning, just looking up at the sky. The moon was just starting to come up over the
mountains, casting a ghostly glow over everything. Slowly, as to not surprise her, he headed
towards her. 
     As he stepped onto the dock, the wood squeaked. Ryoko turned around. Tenchi stood
there, unsure of what to do. Time passed and neither spoke or moved. Finally, Ryoko turned back
to her viewing of the sky. 
     Tenchi stood there, trying to decide what to do. His furry bundle suddenly decided she wanted
down, so, he set the cabbit on the ground. Immediately, Ryo-Ohki headed for her master and
hopped into Ryoko's lap. Ryoko, after a second, started absentmindedly petting her. Tenchi
watched this the whole time. He had never seen Ryoko this deep in thought. Then he remembered
something that was said during an adventure a long time ago.
     
     < Tenchi and Ryoko had stopped off and was sitting outside their car. Tenchi had decided
that this was one crazy adventure. He would have preferred to be back home, but someone had
messed with Washu's dimension machine. Now, here he was, in some crazy world that Ryoko had
obviously wanted to live in. In the distance, they could see a great bridge.
     Sitting on top of the car, Ryoko was watching the sky. " We can sure see a skyfull of
stars, huh?" Pausing, she then continued. " The stars are beautiful, don't you think?"
     Tenchi was sitting on the ground, still trying to think of a way out of this mess. " Yeah, I
guess."
     " We're all alone, under the starry sky. Just you and me."
     Not really listening to her, Tenchi thought outloud. " I don't know how I got myself into
this mess."
     Listening to him, Ryoko laughed.
     Tenchi looked up. " What is it?"
     " Nothing. It's just-"
     " It's just what, Ryoko?" Tenchi interrupted.
     Pausing again. Ryoko went back to looking at the sky. " Hey, Tenchi, we've sure gone
through a lot of stuff together since we started this journey, haven't we?"
     Tenchi thought about it. " We sure have," he responded, remembering all the different
places they had been so far.
     Tenchi looked up at her, her face almost glowing in the moonlight. And somehow, in that
moment, the only expression that he could see on her face was that of complete peace.
     She sighed. Then, with a wishful sound to her voice, she said, " I just love stars.">
     
     Tenchi stood there, remembering that night. It was not long after that conversation that
Washu had finally managed to get them out of that dimension. But to do it, Ryoko had to give up
everything. And now, thinking about it, he remembered another time, when they had gone to Jurai
to stop Kagato.
     
     < Ryoko stood there, facing Tenchi, a look of determination on her face. She did not want
him to leave, and he knew it.
     " We could leave right now Tenchi. We'd have no worries. Just you and I, together."
     Tenchi could feel the desperation in her voice. He knew that she really cared for him. But,
he still knew what he had to do.
     " Ryoko-"
     Getting a dreamy look in her eyes, she interrupted him. " Sort of like a honeymoon in deep
space, if you know what I mean. It-" She paused. " would be fun."
     Tenchi stood there, and then smiled. " It sounds like fun."
     Ryoko gasped. Never did she think that he would actually have said that.
     Tenchi continued. " I'd love to go on a trip with you.">
     
     Tenchi stood there, feeling worse than ever. Man, I must really be taking her world apart.
So, with determination in his heart, he walked over and sat down beside her. Realizing that he had
forgotten his slippers, he went on and let his feet dangle into the cool water. Just as he was going
to speak, Ryoko started talking.
     " You are probably wondering what happened to me. I just have something on my mind,
that's all."
     Tenchi waited to see if she was going to say anything else. After a moment, he started. "
Ryoko, I know how you must feel. I am really sorry that I can't be there for you. But, if you don't
talk, I can't help." Pausing, he watched her. She just continued to sit there. So, he continued." Is it
because I am leaving?"
     Ryoko turned to face him, her golden eyes almost glowing in the moon's light. " No,
Tenchi. It isn't that. I-"
     Tenchi could see fear in her eyes. He realized that what ever it was, she was afraid and
unwilling to talk about it. " Ryoko, if you don't want to talk about it, you don't have to."
     He placed his hand on her shoulder. " I just want you to know that I and everyone else are
here for you."
     Ryoko turned her face back up. Tenchi sat there, then started staring at the sky as well. 
     " Tenchi?"
     " Yes, Ryoko?"
     " Remember back when I took you to Jurai, so you could rescue Ayeka?"
     So I was right, Tenchi thought. " Yes, and I am still grateful that you did that."
     " Well, You knew that I was hurt. Real bad."
     Tenchi remembered that very well. He found that out from Azaka after his fight with Kagato.
     " When I left, I -"
     Tenchi could feel her tense up. " You don't have to talk about it, Ryoko."
     " Yes, I do."
     She closed her eyes. " I died, Tenchi."
     Tenchi looked at her, not sure what to say. " But, how?"
     A tear started down her face. " Some strange creature found Ryo-Ohki floating in space.
Inside, it found my body. And it brought me back."
     " It said that I would owe it. And that one day, it would want the favor returned. And
now, I just get the feeling that it wants the favor returned."
     Ryoko turned and looked at Tenchi. " You know the funny thing about all of this?"
     Tenchi shook his head.
     Ryoko looked like she tried to laugh, but choked on it instead. " The last thoughts I had
before I died. I remember feeling so lonely. I never wanted to feel like that. And look how I
went."
     Tenchi stopped her." Well, you don't have to worry. You have all of us now."
     Ryoko hung her head. When she lifted it, she was smiling. " Thanks."
     Tenchi now looked back up at the heavens. " You are right," he said.
     Ryoko looked at him, not sure as to what he meant. Tenchi pulled her over. " The stars are
beautiful."
     Ryoko sat there. Feeling something she had not felt in so long.
     Joy. 
     Together they sat, staring into the heavens. 
     And for once, all was good.


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



     From her window, Sasami watched the couple sitting by the dock.
     Thank-you for helping Ryoko, she thought as she stepped away from the view. Then
laying down, she looked over at her sister. Ayeka was sleeping fitfully, murmuring something
about Ryoko always disappearing. Smiling, Sasami whispered to her, don't worry. She's been
found. After that, Ayeka stopped muttering.
     Sasami lay there, watching her lay there. Then she herself went to dreamland.


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -







     Well, that's the first chapter. Hopefully you have not already pulled out the tar and feather
and my address. And Thanks to all the following people who have helped with the proofreading:

Mian Toris
'Sonic' Steeg
Rene Chavez
Fox The Wanderer
Charlie Goodson
Magus the Dark
StOriKami
Micheal Osuna
DownFall
Will-Ohki

     And special thanks the God of this site, GEN-SAO, for having a place where we all can
relax with our dreams, or at least scare the hell out of others with them.