A Tenchi Muyo FanFic
By Karmin Stjean (karmin.stjean@the-spa.com)

                     "In His Father's Footsteps..."


                            -Prologue-


    No one had been prepared for the shock.  It was like a scene out of a
    science fiction or horror movie.  The pregnancy itself had been quite
    a shock, but only in that it had happened to a girl who had seemed so
    quiet and unlikely to do a thing as shameful as to bed down with a
    man out of wedlock.

    Her parents had wanted her to claim rape, but she would not do so. It
    turned out that she had been very willing to make love with her young
    classmate/lover.  With nothing else to do, they claimed that she had
    been engaged and that her fiance had been killed in the unexplained
    explosion at Tokyo Tower.  They had not been far off.

    When her time had come, the doctors had done their very best to make
    her as comfortable as possible despite their shared disapproval of
    her situation.  She'd been in labor for over thirty hours while her
    father fumed and her mother wondered if it would be a boy or a girl.

    No one had expected it to be a Draalthi.



                            -Chapter 1-


    Fu-Xing Kawasaki wondered when his life was going to improve. He
    had not been particularly liked by the rest of his family and had
    dealt with ever name from 'freak' to 'bastard'. Only his grandmother,
    a Chinese immigrant who had given him his name, had shown him any
    kindness. She had taken him in when his mother died in childbirth,
    refusing to let her family send him away to a sanitorium simply
    because he wasn't human.  Two days ago, his grandmother had died,
    leaving him entirely alone.

    With no one else to do the shopping, and food running low, Fu-Xing
    realized he would have to go out. He had never left the house before.
    Because he was so different, his grandmother had forbidden it. Now,
    he had no choice. He put on the Ray Ban sunglasses his grandmother had
    ordered for his sensitive eyes and a pair of socks and sandals before
    heading out.


    ***


    "Ryoko! Wait up!" Mihoshi whined as Ryoko ran ahead of her.
    "I don't need you to babysit me, Mihoshi." Ryoko complained.
    "But Tenchi said I should go with you!" Mihoshi explained.
    They got to the door of the store and got quite a surprise when a
    very surprised looking Draalthi came flying backwards out the door
    at them, knocking them both down.
    "AND STAY OUT!" The store owner yelled at him.
    Fu-Xing looked at Ryoko who yelped and fainted, then turned to Ryoko.
    Ryoko's reaction was much different. Face to face with Fu-Xing, she
    thought it was Trakal she was looking at.
    "YOU!" She accused.
    Fu-Xing blinked, confused by this reaction. She couldn't have seen him
    before, but she looked angry, like he'd harmed her in some way.
    "I thought you were dead!" Ryoko told him.
    "Have we met?" He asked.
    Ryoko blinked. It had to be *him*, but that voice, it was so different.
    Could it be possible that this was someone else?  There was one way to
    find out. Grabbing a broach Mihoshi was wearing and ignoring Mihoshi's
    protests, Ryoko grabbed Fu-Xing's right wrist and jabbed the pin of the
    broach into the back of his hand.
    Fu-Xing howled in pain and yanked his hand away.
    "You're not Trakal." Ryoko told him.
    "I could've told you that." Fu-Xing sighed.
    "You look like Trakal." Ryoko observed.
    Mihoshi sat up.  "I'm sorry, I thought I saw..." she almost fainted a
    second time at seeing Fu-Xing again.
    "Trakal?" Fu-Xing asked. "Who's?"
    "He used to..."  Mihoshi began.
    Ryoko was already leading Fu-Xing away.
    "Wait for me!!" Mihoshi wailed as she followed.

                            -Chapter 2-

    "Ayeka," Ryoko called, "I've found you a boyfriend so now you can
    leave my Tenchi alone."
    "What do you mean your Tenchi?" Ayeka demanded as she came out of
    the kitchen where she'd been helping Sasami and walked right into
    Fu-Xing. "Eeee!" she yelped, dashing behind the sofa.
    Ryoko laughed raucously and joined her. "Don't be a scaredy cat."
    she chuckled. "It's only a Draalthi."
    "Wha wha wha...?" Ayeka stammered.
    "Ayeka," Sasami came out of the kitchen and saw Fu-Xing. "Wow!"
    "Tenchi," She called. "Please set another place. It looks like
    Ryoko's brought home a new boyfriend."

    Tenchi paused from folding the napkins. Ryoko had a new boyfriend?
    That was a relief.
    "He's *NOT* my boyfriend!" Ryoko's protest soon followed.
    So much for relief. Tenchi prepared the new place setting, then went
    to welcome the new guest.
    "Uh... wha... what...?" Tenchi stammered, gaping at a face he'd last
    seen mangled and torn and attached to a torso that was even worse off
    on the floor of Tokyo Tower.  "I thought you were... um... "
    "I know we've never met," Fu-Xing said, quickly, "so whoever you're
    thinking of it wasn't me."
    "Tenchi," Mihoshi said in her usual cheerful manner, "this is Fu-Xing
    Kawasaki. Fu-Xing, this is Tenchi Masaki."
    "Nice to meet you." Fu-Xing bowed.
    "Uh, yeah, sure." Tenchi stammered nervously. It was hard for him to
    remember his manners with a totally alien lifeform staring at him, even
    if that lifeform was vaguely humanoid in appearance. "Where are you
    from?"
    "I'm from Osaka." Fu-Xing replied.
    "I meant where were you born."
    "In Osaka." Fu-Xing repeated. "I was born in early September of 1971."
    "Ten months after our visit." Tenchi remarked to himself.
    "Huh?" Fu-Xing asked.
    "Just thinking." Tenchi replied, nervously.
    Fu-Xing nodded, deciding not to press the issue. But the question
    nagged at him. Did these people know another being like him? Perhaps
    even his father?

    Sasami quickly ushered them into the dining room. Then, she served
    all a hot meal.

    "This is delicious."
    "Yes, excellent job, Sasami."
    "Thank you, Tenchi."
    "I agree." Fu-Xing nodded. "I haven't had a good home-cooked meal
    since." He trailed off. "Excuse me." he added, as he left the table.

    Ryoko didn't bother to excuse herself as she followed Fu-Xing. She
    found him on the back porch.

    "You want to talk about it?" She asked.
    Fu-Xing looked up. "Your supper will get cold."
    "I can't really taste it anyhow." Ryoko explained. "I just eat it for
    show. Now, talk."
    "My grandmother died recently." Fu-Xing explained. "I lived with her
    all my life. Cast out from the rest of the family. I used to think
    there was no one I could relate to, but now I've heard hints that
    there may be another being like me."
    "I hate to be the one to break it to you, but that guy died before you
    were born."
    "Oh." Fu-Xing sighed. "When?"
    "In November of 1970. Chances are, he was probably your father."
    "How did he die?" Fu-Xing asked.
    Normally Ryoko would have played up on Trakal's foolishness in taking
    on Kain by himself, but she felt kinda sorry for Fu-Xing. "He was a
    Galaxy Police Operative." She explained. "He died in the line of duty.
    When faced with a criminal that was too powerful for him, he stood his
    ground instead of backing down and running away. He was very brave."

    "Galaxy Police?" Fu-Xing asked. "Odd. I've never heard of such a thing.
    To be honest, until I came here, I thought I was a freak. I didn't know
    there was another being like me."

    Ryoko put a hand on his shoulder. "Why don't you ask Mihoshi to take
    you to Galaxy Police Headquarters?" She suggested. "I'm sure they
    would love to meet you."

    "You really think so?"

    "Sure," Ryoko replied. "Hey! Mihoshi!" She called as they re-entered
    the house and went into the living room where the others were watching
    television.

    "Yes?" Mihoshi asked.

    "I was just telling Fu-Xing here that you'd be happy to take him to
    see where his father worked."

    "Oh, um, sure." Mihoshi smiled.

    "Well, why don't you two go ahead, then."

    "Tenchi?" Mihoshi asked.

    "You go ahead, Mihoshi." Tenchi nodded. "And come back soon. Both of
    you are welcome here."


                            -Chapter 3-

    Grand Marshall Saarnd grumbled to himself as he looked at all the
    repair bills on his desk. "I wish Kain were alive so I could sue
    the son of a bitch." He grumbled. "That bastard cost me a lot of
    good men."

    "Incoming transmission, sir." The AI on his computer told him.

    It was a poor substitute for Kurata, he thought, but they wouldn't
    be ready to take on new personnel for another month or two.

    "Let's hear it." He instructed.

    "Sir," Mihoshi appeared on screen accompanied by what appeared to be
    a young Draalthi. "Detective First Class Mihoshi and guest reporting."

    "Who the hell...?" Saarnd demanded.

    The Draalthi gave a polite nod. "Fu-Xing Kawasaki, son of Lt. Trakal,
    sir."

    Saarnd's jaw dropped.

    "Trakal's..." he faltered. "But... how? Mihoshi?"

    "Um, I... I don't know, sir. Ryoko might, but..."

    "Ryoko?!  Why didn't you apprehend her, Mihoshi?!"

    "Well, sir, her statute of limitations had already run out and..."

    "Never mind." Saarnd sighed. "Now, you Fu-Xing, you did say that
    was your name did you not?"

    "Yes, sir." Fu-Xing replied. "Fu-Xing Kawasaki."

    "Did you say your father was Lt. Trakal?"

    "That is correct."

    "But, it can't be!" Saarnd exclaimed. "Lt. Trakal was killed at Galaxy
    Police Seventh Headquarters when it was destroyed by Kain in his
    escape."

    "But, sir," Mihoshi pointed out, "he is a Draalthi."

    Saarnd nodded. "Yes.  It seems he is telling the truth. Detective Mihoshi,
    I want you to bring Ryoko here. I want to question her about Lt. Trakal."

