Disclaimer:  Pretty Sammy is owned by Pioneer.  I'm just writing a story.

Author's notes:  Thank you, BGlanders, for pre-reading this one!

==-==-==

Magical Girl Pretty Sammy

Fight For Freedom

Part One:  Discovery

Brian Burke

Tenchii@hotmail.com

==-==-==

        It's been one of those days.  Although her day at school was okay,
Sasami
found her day afterwards was a bit unpleasant.  Her mom asked her to run a
delivery, which sent her halfway across town.

        "Why is I have to do this?" she asks her furry companion.

        Ryo-Ohki, on top of her head, "could be worse.  Would you rather
fight Pixy
Misa?"

        "No.  Actually, the more I think about it, she reminds me of
someone.
Something in her looks familiar."

        "You mean you might know that bully?"

        "I don't know.  Maybe."

        Stopping in the park, "this is weird."

        "Your mom said to wait in the park.  The person picking up the CD
will be
here."

        "That's what's so strange.  Hello?  I have a delivery for you!"

        Stepping out of the shadows, "Thank you, mon ami."

        "Pixy Misa?" the pair say.

        "We...Sammy."

        "Who's Sammy?" Sasami says nervously.

        "Who do you think?  Nobody else knows because a magic spell
prevents it.
But you can't fool a fellow magic girl."

        "So, what do you want?" Sasami asks.

        Summoning her usual weapon, "same as always."  Aiming it at her,
"Calling
Mystics!"

        Ducking, Sasami barely avoids the shot.  Looking back, she sees the
real
target.  It wasn't her, but a parked car behind her.  The vehicle turns
into
a mammoth monster of steel, rubber, and plastic.

        "Not another one!" Sasami shouts.

        As it finishes its transformation, the wheels become it's feet and
the hood
and passenger area becomes the head.

        "Ryo-Ohki?" Sasami asks.

        The cabbit in question summons the baton, and tosses it to Sasami.

        Swinging it, "Pretty Mutation!  Magical Recall!"  After the usual
transformation, Pretty Sammy stands ready to fight.  "So, what are you up
to
this time?"

        Seeing a fight coming, Ryo-Ohki dives for safety.

        "You don't think I'd tell you that easily, do you?"

        "Worth a try.  You're probably going to tell me anyways."

        "We.  I was.  Actually, I'm was sent to fight you.  That's all."

        "Seems kinda pointless, doesn't it?"

        "I have to obey Ramia.  There's no ands, ifs, or buts about it."
Thinking
for a second, "I see.  You're trying to talk your way out of a fight.
Right?"

        "Fighting isn't going to solve anything."

        "No.  But it is fun, sometimes."

        "What about Ramia?  Why don't you go fight her?"

        "I'd lose.  You, though, are a different story.  I can beat you if
I wanted
to."  Jumping back, "Love-Love Monster:  teach Sammy a lesson!"

        Using its foot, the mechanical nightmare tries to step on the
blue-haired
girl.

        Jumping out of the way, she avoids de-feet.  Moving again, she
misses being
hit by a similar attack.  Rolling along the ground, she feels a large rock
underneath her.  Standing, she unearths the stone.  "My turn!"  Tossing it
up, "Pretty Home Run!"  Swinging the baton, she sends the rock into the
creatures glass eyes, shattering them completely.

        "Oh, drat," Pixy comments.  "I know what's next."

        Concentrating, Sammy brings herself to full power.  Upon doing so,
her
attire changes once again.  The marks on her forehead also change from a
split triangle to a pair of dots.  Focusing on the machine-monster, "Pretty
Croquettish Bomber!"  A massive ball of energy flies from her baton, which
changes the thing back to normal.

        "So much for that." Misa says.  "Rumia!"

        Sammy changes back into her previous costume as she faces her
rival.  "Now,
for you."

        A purple hawk flies near and hovers over Pixy Misa.  "Pixy Wind!"
she
shouts.

        A glowing light appears from Rumia's wings as he launches a few
feathers
into Pixy's wind.  By the time he's done this, the wind has formed a column
around Sammy.

        "Pixy Multiply!" she yells.  This command causes the feathers to
multiply,
causing the column of wind to become a spinning column of feathers.

        As the feathers lightly pass Sammy's skin, they give a very
interesting
sensation.  Almost laughing, "Pretty Wings!"  The bow on her back opens and
she uses the column itself to escape.

        "Not bad, Sammy."  Seeing her advesary high in the air, Pixy uses
her
weapon to fire at Sammy.  Although it doesn't hit her, it does leave a
considerable hole in the wing to her left.

        "Oh, no!" Sammy shouts, spiraling to the ground.  Finally
impacting, "ow.
That hurt."  Standing, she sees Pixy Misa start another spell.  Holding up
her staff, "why do you work for Ramia?"

        "She gives me the power I need.  Pixy Blast!"  A shot of yellow
energy
flies from her.

        Sammy sees it and uses the baton to bat the spell back.  "Pretty
Home Run!"

        Pixy jumps and avoids it.  "You're getting good at this."  Landing
near
her, "maybe I've underestimated you."

        "We do that sometimes."  <Who is she, really?  She reminds me of
someone,
but who?>  "You know, you remind me of someone, but I don't know who it
is."

        "Really?  Someone else is a pain?  Someone besides good ol' Misa?
How?"

        Eyes wide, <Misa-o.>  "Misao?"

        <She knows.>  Jumping back a distance, "we'll meet again, Sammy!
Au
revoir!"  With that, she leaps off into the distance.

        Ryo-Ohki appears, "she ran off?"

        "I guess so."  <Is Misao Pixy Misa?>

        "Sammy?  What's wrong?"

        "I might know who Pixy Misa is.  But, I hope it isn't."

        "Who?"

        "Misao."

        Ryo-Ohki just about faints.  "WHAT?  Misao?  Are you crazy?
They're
nothing alike!"

        "That's IT!  Her hair, her eyes, even those clothes!  She's a
complete
opposite of Misao!"

        Thinking for a second, "that could be."

        Transforming back, Sasami tosses Ryo-Ohki the baton and runs for
her
friend's house.  "I know where she went!"

==-==-==

        Pixy Misa finally makes it home, breathing heavily from the
running.  "I
made it."

        Rumia finally catches up.  "Why did you take off?"

        "Rumia...she knows.  She knows...who I am."

        "Calm down.  If you change back now, who knows what could happen."

        Finally breathing normally, "ok.  I'm better, now."

        Rumia breaks the spell on Pixy and changes her back into Misao.
<I'll be
back.>  Then, he flies off.

        Seconds later, Sasami appears at Misao's house.  "Misao!" she
yells, seeing
the girl on the ground.  Helping her up, "Misao!  Are you alright?"

        Waking up, "Sasami?  What happened?"

        "I don't know.  But, I'll help you inside."  Putting her friend's
arm over
her shoulder, she lifts Misao up.  "Everything will be fine."

==-==-==

        After helping Misao to her bed, Sasami stays there to help.
Sitting near
her, "what happened, Misao?"

        "I don't know.  I must've blacked out again."

        "Again?"  <I'm on to something.>  "Does this happen often?"

        "Don't worry.  I'll be fine."

        "I'm worried about you, Misao.  Do you know when you blacked out?"

        "No.  I don't."

        <If she blacked out, she couldn't have been fighting me.>  "Well, I
won't
bother you about it anymore.  You just rest."  Standing, "I'm going to make
you some tea."

==-==-==

        In the kitchen, "well, she can't be Pixy Misa."

        "Why is that?" Ryo-Ohki answers.

        "She doesn't remember what happened.  So, she can't be Misa."

        Rubbing his chin with his paw, "well, we're back to square one."

        She puts the teapot and two cups on a tray and heads back to
Misao's room.

==-==-==

Two minutes ago.

        Misao has been trying to recall the past few hours.  She hasn't had
much
luck.  "I don't remember anything."  Thinking back, she tries to remember
what happened before she fell unconcious.  "I met pretty-bird.  I remember
that.  Then-"  Her eyes go wide as she remembers that look the bird gave
her.  Then, something odd happens.

==-==-==

        Sasami walks back into the room expecting to see her friend asleep.
Dropping the tray in shock, she didn't expect this.  "Pixy Misa?"  There,
sitting underneath the blanket is her rival, not her friend.

        "Who's Pixy Misa?" she asks.  "And why do I have a French accent?"

        Even more surprised, "you don't know?"

        "Sasami, what's going on?"

        <Wait a minute.  She called me 'Sasami' and not Sammy.  Is it
possible that
it's Misao?>  Picking up the silver tray, "do you know who you are?"

        "Of course I do."

        Sasami uses the tray as a mirror.  "If I'm right you're-"

        "BLONDE!  My hair's blonde!  And my eyes are red!  Sasami, what's
going
on?"

        "What is your name?"

        "You know that better than anyone."

        "Humor me."

        "Fine.  My name's Misao Amano."  Then, her eyes go wide as memories
from
the past few months floods in.  "Sammy?"

        "Who's Sammy?"

        "I think you are, Sasami."

        <Darn.  Secret's out.>  "Then, you know?"

        "Yeah.  You're Pretty Sammy."

        Sighing, "don't tell anyone, ok?"

        "I won't tell a soul, if you don't say anything about this."

        Smiling, "great!"

        Ryo-Ohki walks in, "Pixy Misa!"

        "Ryo-Ohki," Sasami says, "we need to talk."  Looking at Pixy Misa,
"all of
us."

-End?  No way!-
