Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns everything dealing with Pretty Sammy!  I'm just
out to have a good time!

==-==-==
Magical Girl Pretty Sammy

Fight For Freedom

Part Two:  Magical Team!

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
http://members.xoom.com/Tenchiii/Homepage.htm
==-==-==

        This is the strangest thing to happen to Misao.  Or, as she is now,
Pixy
Misa.  Across the table from her is Sasami, and on the table top is
Ryo-Ohki.  "So, who is Pixy Misa?"

        Looking to Ryo-Ohki, "should we tell her?"

        "She's gonna find out sooner or later, anyway."

        "Yes, tell me!  Am I an apprentice or something?"

        "No..." Sasami starts, "more of a rival."

        "Rival?  You mean we fought each other?  How cruel!"  Looking at
Ryo-Ohki,
"then, who are you?"

        "I help Sammy from time to time.  I am also the keeper of the baton.
When
she needs to fight, I give it to her."

        "Funny.  Rumia changed me.  That reminds me.  He's going to be
looking for
me."

        "I'm sure," Sasami says.  "When Ramia finds out, she'll be mad."

        "And she'll probably come after me."  Glancing at Ryo-Ohki, "is
there
anyway you can change me back?"

        "I'll try."  Looking at Pixy Misa in the eyes, he can see exactly
what's
been done.  After a second, Pixy Misa starts to glow as she changes back to
normal.  The effort though, exhausts the cabbit.

        Misao picks him up, "poor thing.  I didn't mean to be a problem."

        "You're not," Sasami says. "But it is better to have you back."

==-==-==
        "Rumia!  You IDIOT!" shouts Ramia.

        Having just arrived, "what?  What did I do?"

        A globe of energy appears before Ramia.  After a second of haze, it
shows
the events of the past few minutes.  "Sasami knows about Misao!  Why did you
just leave her?"

        Watching the images, "I think it serves you right!  Putting Misao
through
all that is too much for her.  She won't last much longer."

        "Are you betraying me?!"  Grabbing him by the shirt, "Rumia, if you
go
against me, you know you'll lose."

        <Gulp!>

        "Now, get back to Earth and fix this!"  She then drop kicks him out
the
window.  "And don't you dare betray me!!!"

        Shifting into his bird-form, "I'll fix this alright.  It's time to
end this
nonsense."

==-==-==
        Landing on the balcony, Rumia decides to stay in his hawk-form just
a tad
longer.  Seeing Misao in the room, he flaps his wings for attention.

        Misao walks to the glass door and sees her bird-friend outside.
Opening
the door, she walks out to greet her feathered friend.  "Pretty-bird," she
says softly.

        <It's time she knew,> Rumia thinks to himself.

        "Rumia!" a high voice shouts from above.

        Looking up, he sees Ryo-Ohki drop on top of him.  Off-balance, the
two
tumble to the patio.  "Get off me!" he absent-mindedly says.

        "You're not changing her again!" Ryo-Ohki says, pinning the bird.
"We
won't allow it."

        "Ryo-Ohki!" Misao says, picking him up.  "Leave that bird alone!"

        "But-" he stammers.

        Rumia finally manages to stand, and flaps his way up to meet the
other
animal in the eye.  <I want to apologize, but Misao probably doesn't know I
can talk.>  Finally, he flies away.

        Tearful, "Ryo-Ohki!  You scared it away!"  Setting him down, she
runs into
the apartment, sobbing.
        Ryo-Ohki watches her run off, hanging his head in shame.  <I'm
sorry,
Misao.>

==-==-==
        Worried about Misao, Sasami has decided to check on her friend.
Toting a
bag of veggies and other ingredients, she plans to cheer her up with one of
her favorite dishes.  "I hope I remembered everything."

        "Sasami," Ryo-Ohki shouts.

        Looking up, Sasami sees her friend drop down to a fence near her.
"What
are you doing here?"

        "I had a feeling that Rumia might return, so I've been keeping an
eye on
Misao.  But..."

        "But what?"

        "I scared him off, but now Misao's mad at me."  Looking at the bag,
"what
have you got there?"

        "I'm just going to cheer Misao up a bit.  Now, it seems like she'll
really
need it."

        "I better not go in," Ryo-Ohki says.  "I won't be of any help."
Jumping to
the sidewalk, "I'll meet you at home."  Then, he takes off toward's Sasami's
house.

        Watching the creature run down the path, <I hope he didn't upset her
TOO
badly.>  Then, she walks up to the door.  Knocking on the door, "Misao?"

        After a minute of silence, the door finally opens.  "Sasami.  Hi."

        "I thought you might need some cheering up."  Holding up the plastic
bag,
"so I thought I'd make you lunch."

        Smiling, "come in."  Stepping aside, "what are you making?"

        "That's my surprise."

==-==-==
        Rumia sits on the roof of the building, admiring the freedom of the
other
birds accompanying him.  "Too bad I'm not like you.  I'm as much a prisoner
as Misao is.  I have to end this madness.  My sister MUST be stopped."
Diving down, he decides to try again.  <She has to know.>

==-==-==
        While Sasami makes her dish, Misao looks patient.  Not easy right
now, with
her world going in loops, but she manages to relax.

        However, her peace is broken as she sees a familiar form perch
itself on
the outside rail.  Misao walks quietly over to the window, hoping that she
doesn't alert Sasami to its presence.  Fearing that she may react similar to
Ryo-Ohki, she walks carefully to the glass door.

        "Misao..." he says quietly.

        "You can talk?"

        "And much more.  I didn't want to startle you too badly."

        "I remember, now.  You're Rumia, right?"

        Rumia flaps off the rail and with a short poof of smoke and
feathers,
reforms himself into his normal self.  "I didn't know if I should come back.
  You looked pretty upset last time."

        "That's because Ryo-Ohki attacked you."

        "Don't blame him.  He thinks I'm like my sister.  I'm not.  She
cannot
carry on like this anymore.  She must be stopped."

==-==-==
        A long ways away, "RUMIA!  YOU TRAITOR!!"  Her fist clenched in
rage,
"You're going to regret this, Rumia.  I SWEAR it!"

==-==-==
        Sasami walks onto the scene, to find Misao talking to a strange
looking
boy.  "Misao?  Who's this?"

        Misao whirls around to see Sasami looking at her curiously.  "This
is...
Rumia," she finally gets out.

        "RUMIA?" she shouts.  "The same Rumia that's been giving us
problems?"

        "I am not like that.  I've been forced into doing it by my sister,
Ramia.
But, I'm no longer doing that stuff.  I want to fight with you, if you'll
accept me."

        Ryo-Ohki hops in through the window.  "I'll trust him, for now."

        "It's great that all our secrets are being revealed," Sasami says.
"We'll
make a great team that way."

        "That's true," Rumia adds.  Looking to the only present animal,
"isn't it,
Ryo-Ohki?"

        "What do you mean by that, Rumia?" Ryo-Ohki answers.

        "What are you saying, Rumia?" Sasami adds.  "Is there something I
don't
know?"

        Sighing, Ryo-Ohki glows several different colors before his shape
itself
changes, grows, and becomes more human.  As the glow fades, he stands as
tall as Rumia.

        "You!" Sasami blurts out.  "You're that boy!"  Then, the shock value
hits.
"You mean you've been like this all along?"

        "Yeah, I have."

        "Why didn't you say anything?"

        "I thought it would be better for you if I remained in that form.
You'd
feel uncomfortable if I was your partner in this form, wouldn't you?"

        "A little, I guess."

        "I took a risk when I helped you at the beach.  I didn't know what
you'd
think, and thought the damage was minimal.  Besides, who would be easier to
get into the house with you?  A small animal, or a boy?"

        "Well, I'm glad you told me, Ryo-Ohki."

        Breathing a sigh of relief, "Well, we've got plans to make, don't
we?"
Ryo-Ohki says.

        Sasami puts out her hand, "we'll make a great team!"

        Ryo-Ohki puts his hand on hers.  "Right.  We'll finish this."

        Misao places her hand on the forming pile, "I'll help all I can."

        Rumia finishes the pile of hands, "Yes.  We will finish this."

A Magical Team is formed this day...
And woe to those that are in their way...