
Disclaimer: yet again I am writing a story and I am adding a character 
his name is Ziva I once again I dont own any of the tenchy characters I 
am writing this from pure enjoyment so DON'T SUE ME IM ONLY 12 ASSHOLE 
AH AHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAH.
                      FINAL DESIRE 2: A PROTECTIVE ANGEL
It was another fine day at the Masaki residence Sam and Ryoko have been 
married for a year and every thing was back to normal. Buu is long 
since dead and tenchy and Ayeka are now dating.
"Sam get up its time for are training" shouted ryoko who was getting 
quite impatient now.
"One more minute mommy then I'll go to school" Sam said as went back to 
sleep
"Get up or I'll drag you out" ryoko was now really pissed
"Ok ok im getting I'll meet at the onsen then training" 
"Ok just get up soon" with that ryoko left the room and headed for the 
floating onsen.
AT THE ONSEN

"How is married life ryoko?" Ayeka asked with a bit of sarcasm
"It's great except for getting Sam up!" ryoko replied back to ayeka
"I resent that" came Sam who had entered the onsen.
"What." said Ryoko stunned to see her husband there in his black and 
red swim shorts. She also noticed the big scar he had from the battle 
with Buu. She could still remember the fight as if it were yesterday.
"Your here quick aren't you, your usually an hour longer" ryoko said 
still stunned
" Oh I just felt like using super speed to get here lover" said Sam 
quite casually.
"Oh, well can you use it a lot more then" ryoko said 
"Hey I only did this to get washed fast so I can get to Breakfast its 
rice and fish" Sam started to drool at the thought.
"You just think of your stomach don't you" said ryoko telling off her 
husband
"Well yeah and I think of you" Sam said as he planted a gentle kiss on 
ryokos lips and started to wash him self. 
Ayeka thought to herself why isn't tenchy so open about his feelings to 
her like Sam is with ryoko. Tenchy always kissed ayeka in private but 
Sam and ryoko kissed anywhere in front of anyone. Ayeka then realized 
that tenchy did this because he was very shy, she then went back to 
getting washed.
AT BREAKFAST

Everyone was enjoying breakfast as usual Sam was on his fifth helping 
and was just finishing. Ryoko had finished her food and was now in deep 
thought. She had just realized she didn't know anything about Sams past 
infact all she knew was Sam was 18 and his name. She never met his 
family they weren't even at their wedding this all made her curios and 
this led to ask Sam about his past.
"Sam honey can I ask you something" ryoko asked in a seductive tone.
"Sure shoot" Sam replied as he finished his breakfast and was moving 
onto ryokos scraps.
"Well its kinda private " ryoko said 
"Well if its am i virgin you know I'm not" Sam said with a wide smile 
across his face.
"No its not that its that I don't know anything about your past can you 
tell me about it please?" ryoko now was trying to be polite, this got 
every ones attention. Sams smile just disappeared it was now a look of 
anger and hate ryoko had never seen Sam like this even against buu he 
didn't have that look on his face. He then got up and walked out of the 
kitchen with out even bothering to complement sasami on her breakfast. 
Ryoko went to see what was wrong with him; she was really worried and 
hoped she hadn't offended him. When she got out side she was horrified 
to see Sam on the floor in agony he was screaming at the top of his 
lungs and ryoko saw a tear fall from Sam face, but what scared her the 
most was the was a huge bulge in sams back.
"What the." ryoko said but was cut off by another one of sams screams 
.as she started to run closer to him she the bulge get bigger and with 
sams most terrific most scream white angel wings exploded from his 
back.
Sam started breathing heavy exhausted from all the screaming he had 
done. Ryoko just stood there astonished at what she had just seen 
happen to her husband.
"Sam what j. j. j. j. just h. h. happened" ryoko said still in a little 
shock.
By this time everyone had made out to what had happened.
" Oh crap you no what I am now" Sam said with a lot of worry in his 
voice.
"You're an angel Sam," said washu with a bit of surprise
"Wow now you fly me to the shops" said sasami with glee this remark 
gave Sam a slight grin.
"Mom what do you mean an angel he's not dead is he"
"No ryoko he's not dead, but well I think it would be easier to let Sam 
explain" explained washu.
"Damn do I have to"
"Sam please tell me," said ryoko pleadingly 
"OK I am an angel but im not dead I come from an other planet called 
gaeia. I am the last one of the royal bloodline other than." Sam 
couldn't finish as memories of his past came flooding back into his 
mind.
"Who, you can tell us," said ryoko now a bit calmer.
"my older brother "said Sam as he once again had that face of anger and 
hate.
" Excuse me you mean to tell me you're an angel and of the royal 
bloodline?" asked ayeka.
"Yeah but let's leave it can we I need some pain killers my body aches 
all over." Said Sam trying to lighten the mood.
LATER THAT DAY

"So does that mean im the princess Sam" ryoko asked her husband.
"Seen as though you're married to me yeah I guess it does why there 
isn't any riches the planet was destroyed two years ago." Said Sam a 
little upset. Ryoko noticed that in Sam's eyes he wanted revenge but he 
said nothing.
"Well. its just that you never told me about your about your life and I 
just got curios." Ryoko laid back on the couch in to Sams wing she was 
still not used to Sam wings they were about a meter in length and had a 
little silver in them.
"Sam can I ask another thing?" ryoko said this with extremely 
precaution    
"Yeah" said Sam with a bit of annoyance in his voice.
"Well its about your brother does he have wings as well".
"Yeah he grew his before me but his are black just like the night sky" 
said Sam almost as if with envy.but that changed when he remembered 
what his brother had done his face turned to the anger he felt, but 
forced a smile when ryoko looked at him with worry in her golden cat 
like eyes.
Ayeka had just entered the room to witness Sam and ryoko kissing. She 
blushed at remembering what she and tenchi did just an hour earlier in 
bed.
"Ugh hum I have just come to inform you that Sasami has just finished 
cooking and dinner is ready".
Sams eyes lit up at the sound of food and left in a flash leaving ryoko 
stunned.
"Damn he just thinks of food doesn't he!" exclaimed ryoko 
"Well my guess is that its his only excuse to get away from a demon 
like you, ha ha ha!" said ayeka starting to laugh at her joke.
"Hey ayeka I am tepathic so shut the hell up!" said Sam. This caught 
ayeka off guard and caused ryoko to start laughing hysterically.
" And ayeka I asked her to marry me not vise versa" said Sam with a 
little snigger. Ryoko was now on the floor holding her sides and 
laughing out of control.
"Hey ryoko come to tea its duck and pancakes and if you don't get here 
its gonna be mine". Sam told ryoko.
"Oh no you don't" shouted ryoko as she dashed off to the kitchen, 
leaving ayeka to think.
After TEA 
"Sam I need to run tests if you don't mind," asked washu
"OK but make it quick I need to train with tenchi" Sam told washu 
"Yeah this wont take long"
Sam who is all to familiar with washus experiments walked into the lab 
with a look of fear in his eyes.
OUT SIDE
"Where is Sam?" asked Tenchy who was looking for him at the shrine. 
Tenchy decided to leave the shrine and head home.
BACK IN WASHUS LAB
"Sam I need to tell you there is a ship in the atmosphere similar to 
buu's ship" washu told this to Sam who was shocked at this remark."
"Your joking right? " said Sam starting to worry.
"no im not ,what is it do you know what it is?" asked washu
Sams anger began to rise again and his wings were starting to retract 
back into his back.
"yeah that ship belongs to my brother, I've got get out of here"
"what why" asked washu
"he's come to kill me and I don't want any of you involved" Sam said 
this with a lot of seriousness in his now low voice.
"why cant we help you?" washu asked her son in law
"BECAUSE THIS IS MY OWN PERSONAL FIGHT" Sam shouted this to washu and 
left the room with washu chasing him as he left the lab.
When he was out ryoko saw washu chasing him as he went to their room. 
She left her seat on the couch to see what's going on. As she entered 
the room she saw Sam throwing most of his close into a hold all bag 
that washu made him.
"hey where are we going Sam" she asked her husband with her loving cat 
like eyes.
"Not we, me im leaving" said Sam with out caring what reaction she had.
"your leaving where"
"I don't know but I wont be coming back"  ryoko was starting to cry as 
she asked
"what why what did I do" asked ryoko tears now flooding from her eyes.  
"nothing ryoko I'm not leaving coz of you I love you a lot" said Sam 
trying to comfort her.
" then why?" ryoko had just got a hold of him as  he was leaving the 
room.
"because my brother is coming to fight me to the death and I don't want 
you getting hurt!!!"
"I don't care if I get hurt just stay please!!!!" ryoko was on the 
floor crying and begging for him to stay. It broke sams heart to see 
her like this she was so pitiful crying on the floor like that.
"I'm sorry ryoko good bye" and with that sam left ryoko in their room 
for washu to comfort.
As Sam was walking up the stairs to the road he bumped into tenchi.
"hey where were you I been looking for you?" asked tenchi who was 
oblivious to what had just happened
" get lost "was all Sam said as he fell to the floor and gave a loud 
scream. he let his silvery wings burst from his back.
" hey what's going?" Asked tenchi
" I told you to go away" Sam said. then he just jumped into the air and 
started to fly away. As he flew over the house ryoko teleported in the 
way to stop him going "your not going anywhere" ryoko said holding her 
arms out to stop him getting past.
" don't make this more difficult than it already is ryoko" came the 
stubborn reply. Sam quickly dodged ryoko and kept on flying away.



	Simultaneously, a burning ball appeared on the horizon. Sam hung 
mid-air for a moment, squinting his eyes to try and figure out what the 
hell it was.

	"oh no...not yet!"

	The burning ball quickly changed into a ship that was coming to a 
halt a few miles from Sam's position. Once the ship had come to a halt, 
Sam started to glide back down to earth..but his eyes never left the 
huge metallic cruiser. 

	A flash of light blinded Sam, forcing him to close his eyes and 
turn his back. After opening and closing his eyes for a while and 
rubbing them severely, Sam could see again..but the sight that lay 
before him was not a welcoming one. It was a sight that Sam had tried 
to put to the back of his mind for so many years, one that had haunted 
him each night....it was his twin brother, Ziva.

	Ziva stood for a while in his usual black outfit, staring into 
Sam's eyes. Sam stared back but he had always been the weaker of the 
two. Sam also knew that when he had been 'playing' around in the 
Resistance, Ziva had been extending his powers and improving his 
fighting skills to a level that exceeded any other angel.

	"let's go and finish this somewhere that won't hurt anyone except 
us." Said Sam.
	"who said anything about me getting hurt?" replied Ziva with his 
maniacal smile splitting his lips.
	

"AAAAGGGGHHHHHH!!!!" the distressed voice of ryoko came from 
behind Sam. He turned in order to see what was happening. Another 
passenger of the ship had teleported out with Ziva, but he had arrived 
behind Sam yet in front of ryoko.
He hovered, dwarfing ryoko, with a rapier in his right hand. 
Ryoko let out another scream, and bolted for the ground. Chasing after 
ryoko, Krimzon lent forward one elbow and rammed her onto the dirt 
beneath.
	Ryoko landed awkwardly on her arm. Krimzon stooped and lifted her by 
the neck, off the ground. He then tensed his right arm and lunged at 
Ryoko, rapier aimed at her stomach. 
	
	Using his super-speed, Sam was able to intercept Krimzon's attack 
whilst yelling, "DESTINY SWORD". The two foot sword clanged with the 
rapier, but the sword was lifted high up, revealing all of Sam's torso. 

	Letting go of ryoko, and reaching for his other rapier, Krimzon was 
able to spot the uncovered abdomen. The new rapier slid easily through 
Sam's clothes and skin. Sam felt the cold metal inside his body, 
piercing arteries, dicing muscles and organs and finally coming to rest 
under his ribcage. He looked downwards with a mask of horror stained to 
his face. No blood had appeared from the wound yet, but Sam knew that it 
would. 
	His eyes shifted up to the face of a stern Krimzon. Without a word 
Krimzon lowered his right arm that was still holding up Sam's, and drove 
the second rapier into the other side of Sam's stomach. Once again the 
burning, piercing pain shot through Sam's entire body. Blood was now 
streaming from his body. Sam felt weak, his legs were like jelly and his 
jaw had dropped open in disbelief.
	In one fluent movement, and a slight grunt, Krimzon lifted Sam into 
the air. His feet dangled a foot off the ground. Sam hung.. Impaled on 
the two small rapiers. Blood spurted from his open mouth. It also filled 
the veins in his eyes, coloring them a shade of crimson. A noise came 
from deep within his throat. A faint, "ryo..kooouuuugggghhh."

	Sam's body stiffened as rigamortis set in. He had died saving the 
life of the one that he loved. 
	
Ryoko stared at the corpse and began to weep heavily.

	Krimzon retracted his weapons sharply, causing the cadaver to fall 
on its front. He began to laugh and turned to greet his partner Ziva. 
Ziva appeared in front of Krimzon but the smile had gone from his face.

	"YOU..punch..JUST...punch...KILLED..punch..MY..punch..LITTLE..punch.
..BROTHER..kick!" Each word from Ziva was followed with a devastating 
blow. 
	The now bloodied face of Krimzon wore a mask of pain and confusion. 
"What.. I.I thought that..y.you..wanted..h.him.d..dead?" came a hoarse 
voice. 
	"No you fool, I wanted to rejoin him and fight side by side. Then we 
would have been the greatest warriors in history. But now you've gone 
and killed him!!!"

	Ziva reached with his right hand to the small of his back. He felt 
the Bo-stick strapped securely on. He ripped the weapon free and spun it 
around in his hand. It finally came to rest with its tip aimed at 
Krimzon's skull.

	Ziva tensed his muscles and prepared to deliver the final blow when 
he sensed a powerful surge from behind. He swiveled around taking the 
Bo-stick with him. The weapon connected with the attackers head dropping 
him to the floor. Tenchi lay unconscious, sprawled out.

	Ziva let the momentum swivel him about to face krimzon again, but 
the injured fighter had taken this opportunity to kick out at ziva's 
legs. The Bo-stick struck again, this time under krimzon's calf muscle, 
turning him to face the opposite direction.

	With his back facing the angel, krimzon could not see the flame 
appear on the side of the Bo-stick when Ziva commanded it to, 
transforming the weapon into a scythe. Although the black flame was 
burning, it was still stronger than any known metal.

	In one swift movement, the angel's scythe sliced the tendons in the 
back of krimzon's knee's, dropping him to a kneeling posistion. The 
blood streamed down both legs forming a puddle of rich, red blood on the 
grass.

	Ziva slowly stalked to the front of his brother's murderer, and put 
the now Bo-stick away. Looking into the fear stricken eyes of his 
'friend', all Ziva could feel was hatred and revenge.

	"You are going to pay for your actions" whispered the dark angel 
through clenched teeth.

	Krimzon did not see Ziva's hand dart through his neck, but he did 
feel it sever his trachea. Ziva enjoyed the feeling of skin parting as 
his whole hand slid through Krimzon's neck and lift it off the pathetic 
body. 

	"You will burn for what you did!" And with that Ziva concentrated 
just a second and created a black, fierce flame on his palm, which 
engulfed the skull in a second. The saddened angel threw the flaming 
ball into the horizon.

	Ziva walked slowly over to his brother only to see ryoko weeping 
heavily. She paused for a moment to glare at Ziva and then she resumed 
her sobbing. Ziva noticed that she had turned the body onto its front. 
The same gruesome mask on Sam's face remained. Ryoko wept even more 
heavily now as she lent forward to kiss her lover on the forehead. 

	As she did so a solitary tear fell into the gapping mouth of  Sam. 
She kissed him, stroked his hair across his brow, and then got up and 
walked away.

	She had only stepped a pace from the corpse when a bright light 
filled the air. The Blue Aurora pulsated from Sam. The wounds in his 
stomach began to stitch themselves together...the blood in his mouth and 
eyes drained away and his heart started to beat again.

	Sam blinked. His eyes were dry and sore, but apart from that he felt 
fully revived. He looked up into the face of ryoko, who was looking 
strangely at him with a tearstained face. 
	"What just happened?" inquired Sam.
	"That doesn't matter" came a voice that Sam hadn't heard for a long 
while. "You are alive and that is all that counts."

	As Sam pushed himself up onto his elbows he saw his brother standing 
a few feet away with his smile on his lips and a gleam in his eye. Ziva 
stepped forward and held a hand out towards Sam. Sam grabbed it and 
lifted himself up. They looked at each other for a while and then Ziva 
put his arm around Sam's shoulder and they walked off in the direction 
of the house.

	Ryoko stood still just trying to make sense of what had just 
happened. She knew that Sam had died...then she remembered the 
light..and now Sam was walking off with his brother. His EVIL brother 
that had tried to murder him so many times in their childhood!! She just 
couldn't understand it!!

	"What the hell just happened?" asked tenchi whilst rubbing the side 
of his head and looking at the headless body on the floor behind them.
	"Don't ask." Said ryoko, and they walked away after the two angels. 


Back at the house

" Hey Sam he tried to just kill you and then you too decided to pull a 
one eighty on me whats that all about?" ryoko said questioning her 
husband in confusion.
" well he woudn't have killed krimzon if he hadn't turned good he  would 
have been happy I was dead" said sam with his genuine wide face smile.
Just at that moment kiyone burst in with mihoshi at her side saying ziva 
you are under arrest for mass murder.


Well I hope you like this story . I will write another sequel called 
forbidden love so look out for it  any complaints or comments will 
gladly be accepted at hawkair2001@yahoo.co.uk
Thanks a lot  for reading and seya. 
	





	
