The Final Avatar:
	Chapter 2-The Return

This is my first fanfaction that I've written for other people to see. I 
received high praise from my friends so I decided to show it to the public. This 
story has a couple idea's borrowed form other stories if you happen to see one 
that you notice e-mail me at damienschild@excite.com and I will post the on the 
next chapter. 

Captain Disclaimer is here to defend all those innocent FanFic writers from 
those evil big companies. By saying these words "These characters belong to 
AIC\Pioneer and should be labeled as mine" you will be safe from the evil 
tyranny of the Lawyer council and sueation.

Enough of this bull crap on with the show.




Ryoko arose very early the next morning, she had many things to do before the 
rest of the family arrived home. She had to start a breakfast for 13 people; 
luckily before Sasami left for a life on Jurai she taught Ryoko how to cook. Not 
to mention she still had to finish cleaning up the house and get it ready for 
Yui's party.

Also within all that was happening she wanted to visit Tenchi's grave before 
everyone arrived. Suddenly she began to remember one of the few peaceful moments 
that she had alone with Tenchi before they began to date; when she was still 
vying with Ayeka for his attention.

The memory was old and faded like a worn picture. It was of her and Tenchi 
sitting on the roof of the Masaki household watching the sunrise. Somehow the 
roof had become their spot, it was a place where none of the others could reach, 
and it was a place they could put all their worries and fears behind them. It 
was also the place where Tenchi finally professed his love for Ryoko and the 
spot where he proposed to her. 

Suddenly she dropped to her knees and began to sob, she just realized that it 
had over 10 years since the last time she had been up there. Ever since Tenchi's 
death she became very distant with her old habits and even slumped into a short 
depression.  She stopped her crying when she felt a familiar loving touch on her 
shoulder. Ryoko turned around to she Yosho's strong caring eyes, and she reveled 
in the relief they brought her.

"Why are you crying my child?" inquired Yosho

"I was having a memory of Tenchi, grandfather, and I just fell apart. I bet you 
think it's funny the Space Pirate Ryoko falling to piece over the thought of a 
single man" replied Ryoko.

"No I don't think it's funny at all actually I do the same thing every now and 
then too. Now pick yourself up, what would Ayeka say if she saw you like this."

"She'd probably call me unworthy of Tenchi and unworthy of the title of Third 
Crowned Princess of Jurai. (Ryoko earned the title after marrying Tenchi, with a 
little prodding of Emperor Azusa by Ayeka and Sasami).

"Now my child what are you doing up so early in the morning, everyone else wont 
arrive  for another hour and half."

"I know but I wanted to visit Tenchi's grave before I begin everything for Yui's 
party. I originally wanted to go alone but I no longer feel the need to, would 
you mind accompanying me"

"I believe I will, it has been awhile since I have visited his grave. However 
his father visits his and Achika's every day, when he's on earth"



Arm in arm Yosho and Ryoko walked off to visit Tenchi's grave. Along the way the 
stopped to pick some Royal Teardrops for Tenchi's grave. By the time they 
reached Tenchi's grave they had picked over 2 dozen flowers.

Once at Tenchi's grave Ryoko placed the flowers atop the grave marker and knelt 
with Yosho to 	pray.

'Tenchi, my love, today is a day of celebration and a day of mourning. Today is 
the day you released me from my prison with in the cave, which is now your final 
resting spot. Today day is the day of our first date, it is also the 20th 
anniversary of our wedding, and the 18th birthday of our wonderful child. But it 
is also the 10th year since your death.

How I wish you could be here to see how our beautiful daughter has grown into a 
fine young woman. To see how in both mind, body, and spirit she has become so 
much like you at that age. And just like you at that age she has the hardest 
time dealing with the opposite sex. However she does have many friends outside 
the household. 

I wish you could also see how this ragtag family of ours has grown into close 
loving family in which everyone is equal and treated as such. To see how our 
family has grown beyond what you last knew. With the addition of Keyata and 
Little Tenchi, Sasami's husband and child. Along with Sean, my personal favorite 
brother-in-law, Ayeka's husband along with their child, Little Ryoko. Most of 
all though I miss your loving embrace.'

Ryoko was brought back to reality by Yosho's familiar touch. She looked up to 
see that tears had begun to from in his eyes.

"Why are you crying Grandfather" asked Ryoko

"I see the way you love Tenchi, and how devout you are to his memory. It reminds 
me very much of Tenchi's and Nobiyuki's devotion to Achika's memory. You are 
truly worthy of my grandson's love" replied Yosho.

"Why thank you Grandfather."

"Anytime my dear child. Now come we must return to the house and begin preparing 
for the families arrival."

Both returned to the house as quietly as they had left. Yosho began to set the 
balloons and banners for Yui's party. While Ryoko began to cook Yui's favorite 
breakfast: French toast, scrambled eggs, pancakes, scrapple and Juraian bacon.

About an hour later there was a silent knock on the door. Ryoko opened it to 
find Nobiyuki and the rest of the family standing under the door way. Everyone 
was there except Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, and Kiyone. Ryoko began ushering every 
one in, while in the process she asked Nobiyuki were the other women had gone 
to. He simply said that they had gone to Tenchi's grave to pay their respects.

 Ten minutes later the 4 women entered though the back door into the kitchen. 
Ryoko greeted them each with a giant hug and kiss. Since Tenchi's and Ryoko's 
marriage the three women had grown from somewhat enemies to sisters. They even 
referred to and treated each other as such.		

Yui arose about 3 hours later, around 8:00. When she finally wiped the sleep 
from her eyes she found her mother hovering about 3ft over her bed. Ryoko did 
this very often due to the fact that since Tenchi's she had nightmare's almost 
every night. Washu offered her the chance to lock away the memories that the 
nightmares represented. But Ryoko declined because she would sometimes dream of 
the happy times that occurred during the time period that  memories were from.

Giving her mother a look of, why  do you always do that, Yui began to dress for 
the day. Once she had finished dressing herself, Ryoko blind- folded Yui and led 
her down stairs, As they reached the bottom of the steps Ryoko told Yui to keep 
her eyes closed as she removed the blindfold.

"On the count of three open your eyes" said Ryoko "ONE, TWO THREE."

As she opened her eyes everyone yelled "SURPRISE"

Once the shock that the whole family was back together Yui ran over to her 
mother and gave her the biggest hug ever. Following suit she shared the warm 
sentiment with the rest of the family.

After hugs and kisses had been exchanged everyone sat down to share a family 
breakfast. It was the first time in over 10 years that they all ate together as 
a family. During breakfast there was a lot of catching up and exchanged of 
stories. After breakfast was finished everyone helped pitch in to clean the 
dishes. Even Little Tenchi, Little Ryoko and Ryo-oki in her human form, tried to 
pitch in.

After the dishes were done and put away everyone took their seats in the living 
room, awaiting Yui to begin opening her gifts. At Yui's offering Little Tenchi 
and Little Ryoko ran over to the pile of gifts and selected her a gift to unwrap 
first. With a bright cheerful smile, which was said to be remarkably like 
Tenchi's, she began to unwrap the first gift, which was the gift from Little 
Tenchi. What she found inside took her breathe away. It was a replica of 
Sasami's engagement ring. Yui had always loved to wear it when Sasami and Keyata 
still lived with them.

It was an exact replica except for the engraving on the inside of the ring. The 
engraving read, 'To my favorite cousin. Love Little Tenchi'. Yui gave her 4 year 
old cousin a hug and a quick peck on the forehead. The red faced little boy said 
that his mother had picked it out and said that it was something you loved when 
you were a little kid.

	Little Ryoko's was not as extravagant as Little Tenchi's but just as 
precious to her. It was the kimono that Ayeka had worn almost all the time 
during the time that she lived at the Masaki household. When she was a little 
child Yui would dress up and try to act like her Aunt. Knowing that Ayeka had 
helped Little Tenchi pick it out she stood up and thanked them both with a hug 
and a kiss. 

The next gift to be unwrapped held a card which read 'To our little niece and 
little princess of Jurai. Love Aunt Ayeka and Uncle Sean'. When she open the 
gift everyone was astonished to see what it contents held. The gift was the 
Juraian Tiara of Succession. It was the same tiara the Ayeka wore until her 
parents stepped down from power.

"Aunt Ayeka why have you given me this. Shouldn't it go to your daughter, Little 
Ryoko" asked Yui.

"Yes it should but tradition dictates that it goes to the first born female of 
the royal family on their 18th birthday" replied Ayeka "And as you know your 
father was the First Crowned Prince of Jurai. There by dictating that your are 
next in line to inherit the Juraian throne"

Softly taking the tiara out of the box, Ayeka asked Yui to kneel before her. 
Speaking in High Juraian she place the tiara on Yui's head.

"Now rise, but not as Yui, but as Yui the First Crowned Princess of Jurai" 
stated Ayeka.

Slowly she rose and turned to look at the rest of the family who was now 
applauding the new princess. With a tear in her eyes she thanked Ayeka and gave 
her the biggest hug and kiss of the day.

The next gift came from Sasami and Keyata, It was wrapped in 2ft cylindrical 
tube. She opened to find a hilt that looked remarkable like the Tenchi-ken. The 
only difference was the design and the color of the head of the hilt. The design 
resembled that of a Celtic knot and the head of the hilt was midnight blue 
instead of purple. 

Turning a quizzical look to the pair she asked "What is this for? If I ever 
needed access to an energy sword I can generate my own or I can use the Tenchi-
ken."

"Yes we know this. But that is not all the Juraian swords are used for. The are 
also used to control the great Juraian Space Trees. It just happens to be that 
your fathers is the master key it can control all of the ships except for two, 
Tsunami, my ship and the Harukama, your ship." answered Sasami.

"What do you mean my ship?"

"The last visit I made I flew out the oldest Space Tree besides Tsunami, the 
Harukama, I left it sitting on the dark side of the. That ship is now to become 
yours, on Tsunami's authority. In addition, you know that to have a ship 
assigned to you by Tsunami is the highest honor there is. Not to mention that 
this ship has not had an owner for over 20,000 years."

The only word that escaped Yui's mouth was 'WOW'. After Yui had calmed down for 
her high she gave Sasami and Keyata a hug and a kiss.
Now she was down to the last two gifts. The 2nd to last gift was a 16in long 
velvet pouch. The note on the pouch read 'To my beloved great-granddaughter, 
From your silly old Grandpa Yosho. She opened the pouch to reveal the Tenchi-ken 
itself. The Juraian sword had a brand new shine to it and seemed to almost to 
shine in Yui's hand. However there was something different about the sword, it 
no longer held 3 gems but 1 gem, which now sat dead center of the butt of the 
hilt.

With a tear in her eyes she stood and gave her great-grandfather a hug and a 
kiss. While in the loving embrace she whispered "Thank you, grandfather Yosho"

When the realization that two of the gems were missing she asked her grandfather 
as to where they were. Yui knew that the gems contained a large proportion of 
her mother's potential energy. 

"Where are the other two gems that rested in the hilt of the sword, Grandfather 
Yosho" asked Yui.

"Yes where are the other two gems" chimed in Ryoko.

Yosho just turned around and handed Ryoko a silk necklace pouch. What she found 
when she opened it took her breathe away. It was a validium (most rare and 
expensive metal in universe) French rope necklace with the other two gems set in 
a medium sized medallion. All Ryoko could do was show a face of pure amazement , 
joy and surprise.

"Tenchi had told me that he wanted to do this for your guy's 20th year 
anniversary. He charged me with doing so, should he die in the battle against 
Tokimi" said Yosho "The gift is not just from me it is from everyone."

"Turn it over Ryoko" remarked Ayeka.

When Ryoko turned over medallion she found an engraving. It simply read 'We your 
family love you and will forever no matter your faults.'

Out of nowhere tears began to fill her eyes. All she could manage to get out 
was, "Thank you very much everyone, and I love all of you too."

Once Ryoko had regained her composure she turned to her mother and asked "What 
do you have for your granddaughter's 18th birthday".

Washu just simply turned and handed Yui an envelope. In the envelope Yui found a 
note, a funny look'n credit card, and another smaller envelope. The note read 
'This credit card has an unlimited amount of cash and she not be used by anyone 
but you. The credit card was a red version of the American Express card except 
that instead of a gladiator's head it had Washu's head and read Trans-
Dimensional Express Card.

After reading the note and taking a quick look at the credit card Yui turned her 
attention to the other envelope. Upon opening the envelope she found 12 tickets 
which read ' One free entry into the Great Washu's lab'. At the bottom the 
copyright read 'Property of The Greatest Genius in the Universe Enterprises. 
Reproduction and distribution is strictly limited.'

Yui just jumped 10ft into the air and yelled "I finally get to go in the lab"	
	 

6 months after Tenchi's death Washu lab was seal to everyone except Sasami, even 
Mihoshi could no longer gain access. The only reason Sasami could gain access 
was because of her assimilation with Tsunami and her uncanny ability to appeal 
Washu's logical side.		

"Yes you do but there are 11 more tickets there what are you going to do with 
the rest of them?" asked Washu.

"I think I'll have to hand them out to everyone but that leaves one person out" 
replied Yui.

"I don't think you'll have to give me one Yui I shouldn't have any problems 
getting in after all I am a goddess" said Sasami.

After all the tickets had been handed out everyone huddled around the door to 
Washu's lab Which before Washu came to live was the broom closet. Before 
everyone tried to enter Washu stopped and told them "Everyone except Sister 
Tsunami and myself."

"Sister Washu I have repetitively asked you not to refer to Sasami as Sister 
Tsunami unless you know for sure that I am in control. Her name is Sasami and 
she should be refereed to as such" complained Tsunami as she temporally took 
control of Sasami's body.

"Sorry I always forget. Everyone except Sasami and myself have to swipe in. Also 
don't lose these, these are your permanent passes into my lab and if you lose 
it, you will have to do some serious begging for me to replace it. That goes 
double for you Mihoshi."

With that said everyone began to enter the lab many for the first time.





What is in Washu's lab? Will everyone believe what they see? Or will they just 
dismiss it as a figment of their imagination?



So what did you think. Send me any kind of response yeah or nay to 
Damienschild@excite.com. Chapter 3 The Explanation should be out shortly
