<* *> Mihoshi's thoughts

Chapter ii
Kiyone could not find Mihoshi in the vast ship.  In fact, whenever she ran
through a hallway, the hallway
seemed to stretch, never giving entrance to any of the rooms.  Frankly, 
Kiyone
was getting tired.
Suddenly, she heard hoarse laughter and screams.  She ran toward it, toward 
some
light, but she could
not reach it because of those damn hallways.  But suddenly, she ran through 
the
flash of light, entered the
room, and...

...then everything turned black.
Kiyone woke up with a start.  She was sweating, everything was so hot.  She
flung the blankets off and
headed toward the kitchen clock. [3:25 AM] it told her.  She took a glass,
poured cool water in it, and drank
gratefully.  When she finished, she returned to the couch and sat down.  She
sighed, then put her head on
the pillow, but drew back when she noticed it was slightly damp.  <Everyone 
must
be asleep> she thought.
<I've never woken up in cold sweats before, so why did that happen just now? 
  Is
it because Mihoshi is
gone?  But I never felt that way before.  Every time I thought of her gone 
or as
someone else's partner, I've
always been happy or at least hopeful.  But now that she's actually gone, 
I'm
waking up in cold sweats and
thinking about her every second.  Have I been selfish all this time?> She
flipped over the pillow and laid her
head down.  She brought her feet up and drew herself into the blankets 
again. <I
hope Washu can help me
find her...>

~*~

Kiyone woke up again to someone shaking.  At first she thought it was a 
dream
and it was Mihoshi calling
her name, but the voice got clearer and clearer as she woke up.  Sure 
enough,
Sasami was standing by the
couch and shaking her fitfully.
"Wha...?" Kiyone said groggily.
"Hurry! Washu's found something!"
Kiyone forgot her grogginess and flung the covers off again.  She raced to
Washu's lab and ran in, once
again startling the genius.
"You've found something?!" she gasped.
"Yeah...you're actually very lucky." Washu started to explain.
"Please, just tell me already!"
"Ok, ok...you're very lucky because Yagami was able to pick up one small, 
and I
mean small signal coming
from that ship that was in the exact range of its radar.  If the ship was 
any
further, it wouldn't have detected
it.  It seems to be a faint radio signal...possibly to a leader or 
something.
Like I said, you're very, very
lucky." Washu answered finally.
"So can you use the computer to find what kind of ship it was?" Kiyone asked
almost excitably.
Washu frowned slightly, but continued. "It would take at most a day, but 
you're
right about that.  The rest
of it depends on how good the records are at Galaxy Headquarters."
Kiyone nodded her thanks. "Thanks so much Washu.  I couldn't have done it
without you!" As Kiyone
walked out, Washu frowned and thought about how weird it was that Kiyone 
seemed
just like Mihoshi right
then.

~*~

Mihoshi felt blindfolds being forced onto her.  Her arms and hands were
painfully bound behind her back.
A gag was forced into her mouth when she gasped for air.  Ankles were bound
together so tightly that
Mihoshi could almost feel the ropes biting into her skin.
"This one's a beauty, boss!" Harsh laughter followed.
"It certainly is." drawled one single, deep voice.
Mihoshi felt as if she was being put on trial, but she couldn't see the jury 
or
the judge.  The feeling was
actually more of an executioner and an audience <*ewww...bad thought*>.
Surprisingly, Mihoshi felt self-
controlled.  She only allowed herself to be like this when no one was 
watching.
True, she was sometimes a
ditz, but she actually was an accomplished first-class detective.  Just like 
the
blindfold put on her now, she
allowed everyone to see one side of her, but the other side was carefully 
hidden
away. <*Kiyone...I need
you...*>

~*~

While Washu worked on the signal, Kiyone desperately checked back into 
headquarters to ask someone to rummage through files.  While they checked 
her clearance, Kiyone hoped they would find something.  <If they didn't...> 
But Kiyone shook that thought out.  At first, the search turned up empty.  
But Kiyone asked about the closed files, and was actually able to find 
something.
The report dated back to four years ago.
"The controller of the ship ID: Nazumo disappeared suddenly without a trace 
of a struggle.  It has been brought to attention that a certain gang of 
terrorists called the 'Strikers' has been around near space kidnapping 
innocent victims from their ships, but no evidence (i.e. ransom note, 
forensics, clue) had been left at the crime scene.  Ships attacked are left 
alone, but eventually run out of fuel and are unable to contact 
headquarters.  This case has been closed because of lack of evidence.  See 
file: Heero, Ayumi.
Kiyone had the operator rummage through to find the file.
Name: Heero, Ayumi
Kin: Mother: Mayu Nagato
Father: Akiro Heero
Sister: Megumi Heero
Age entered service: 25
Section: First-class detective
Etc...
Kiyone listened in when her operator read the words, "Missing in Action."
"Does it have any information about it?" she asked.
"Huh? Oh, no, none...it just says See: 'Strikers' would you like to see that 
also?" The operator asked.
"Yes, please."
"Okay...wow, its short.  All it says is: under investigation, and then see 
File 38420, the one we saw first, and then Heero, Ayumi."
"Ok, thanks..." Kiyone was about to stop transmission when the operator 
stopped her.
"Wait, I've got something...at the bottom it says, Possible locations: 
SatelliteRD261, SatFE12 at SatXX34.  All in Sector 251.  Hope that helps."
"That's great! Thanks for your help!" Kiyone sighed gratefully.  She decided 
against reporting it.  After all, wasn't she going to find Mihoshi?  But the 
superior would find out soon enough...

~*~

Mihoshi was led out of something into a place with uneven footing.  In fact, 
the new place smelled like damp rocks, and Mihoshi felt a slight drop in 
temperature.  They also took off her red hair band, and threw it on the 
ground.  <*Are we underground somewhere?*> She decided against asking her 
guards, they probably wouldn't tell her, and she wanted to maintain the 
image of a blonde bubble-head.  Nonetheless, Mihoshi thought fast.  <*They 
couldn't have put me somewhere near Yagami, maybe I could contact...*> But 
that thought raced out of her mind immediately.  They had taken off her 
ankle ropes so she could walk, and they had taken out her gag, so Mihoshi 
could hear herself sigh in defeat.  But she couldn't give up that easily.  
She had to have faith in Kiyone...<*because of all the times she had faith 
in me...hopefully...*>

~*~

"Washu?" Kiyone knocked softly.  There was no answer.  She nearly jumped 
when she heard Washu's voice behind her instead.
"Yes?"
"Oh, did you find anything yet?
Washu nodded.  "Come on in," and gestured towards her lab.
Washu began right away when Kiyone sat down.  "First of all, it was a radio 
signal.  To whom, I'm not quite sure, but I am sure that it was to a distant 
satellite.  Now, I can't exactly pinpoint what type of ship it was, since 
many types support the same technology, but I can tell you it was more 
advanced than the Yagami.  That's why it couldn't detect it on its radar.  
No heat scanning, nothing.  The kidnappers must have just been careless in 
leaving you with this small clue.  Did you notice anything about the ship as 
it flew away?"
"A symbol of a cobra, and on the GP HQ files it said that the group could 
possibly be the 'Strikers'." Kiyone answered.
"Hmmm...the 'Strikers', eh?" Washu thought for a moment.  "Nope, never heard 
of them.  Must be new, considering their technology."
"Well, the earliest I can date them back to is four years ago, when they 
kidnapped a first class detective."
"Hmmm...another interesting aspect.  Well, how are you going to start 
looking?"
"Well, I found some leads.  They could be on any of these moons." Kiyone 
handed her the list.  Washu took a look at the list and typed in the names 
of the planets.  "Just so I can remember what they are," and smiled.
"I think I'll just check out these locations, ask around, stuff like that."
Washu just nodded and continued to work on something.
The next day, Kiyone went out to Yagami again.  Before going to any of the 
satellites, Kiyone decided to stop over at the HQ and ask about them, and 
managed to retrieve some information.
"Ok, so basically, the moons are sparsely populated.  SatFE12 is mostly all 
caves, though.  Maybe I should check out that place first."  Without further 
ado, she took all her weapons with her and headed towards SatFE12.

~*~

It took her three days to get there.  One night, Kiyone sat on her bed.  She 
often found herself thinking about Mihoshi and their relationship.  <Well, 
mostly, I just treated her like my partner.  My ditzy, carefree, 
irresponsible partner.  And then, when we got to Earth and took jobs...I 
would always quit after she got fired [author: thx Wimmers].  And yet, I 
would still always yell and scream at her, telling her how dumb I thought 
she was>.  Her eyes dropped.  <I feel like I'm being split into two.  One 
side says, 'isn't this what you've wanted?' while the other side says, 'you 
don't want a fellow officer killed, do you? Even if it is Mihoshi...besides 
you care for her...' I have to admit, the latter side is right, I don't want 
her to just rot there, even if it is Mihoshi...still...> She sighed, drawing 
her knees up against her body and slowly putting her head between her knees. 
  <Do I care for her? Like a friend? Or like something else?>

End Chapter ii


