The Final Avatar:
	Chapter 1- The Day Before

This is my first fanfaction that I've written for other people to see besides 
myself and my friends. I received high praise from my friends so I decided to 
show it to the public. This story has a couple idea's borrowed form other 
stories if you happen to see one that you notice e-mail me at 
damienschild@excite.com and I will post the on the next chapter. 

Captain Disclaimer is here to defend all those innocent FanFic writers from 
those evil big companies. By saying these words "These characters belong to 
AIC\Pioneer and should be labeled as mine" you will be safe from the evil 
tyranny of the Lawyer council and sueation.

Enough of this bull crap on with the show.
	





"I'm home" chimed Yui as she walked though the front door of the Masaki 
household. When no answer came she began wandering around the house yelling, "Is 
anyone home? Anyone? Hello?" Finally she was startled when her mother yelled "In 
hear little one"

	"There you are Mom" Yui "I was just in here but there wasn't anybody here, 
were where you?" 

"I just got back from the fields; I was picking some fresh vegetables for 
tonight's dinner" answered Ryoko. "You'd better hurry if you want to make it in 
time to for training with Grandpa Yosho. You now how he hate's lateness."

"Yeah I know, I've got the bruise to prove" remarked Yui tenderly rubbing her 
shoulder.

If it hadn't been for her mother's reminder she would have completely forgotten 
that today was Friday. Within in a blink of an eye Yui was up the stairs and 
changing in here room. She quickly changed into her training suit. The suit 
consisted of a black spandex top and bottom. Before exiting her room she quickly 
checked her appearance, not only a stickler for punctuality her great 
grandfather was also a stickler for tidiness.

Yui was a perfect mix of her mother and father. Her hair was a lighter shade of 
midnight blue due to the fact that her mother had cyan hair and her father had 
hair as black as the night. Her eyes were the normal human size but the were 
colored feline gold which she had inherited from her mother. Her ears were also 
a perfect mix, they were elongated but rounded at the end instead of angular as 
her mother's were. She also had the perfect mix of their personalities. She 
tended to have a bit of a wild side, which was directly from her mother, but 
normally she was laid back and complacent, that was a perfect reflection of her 
father.

Quickly looking at her watch Yui noticed that if she didn't hurry she would 
probably end up with the other shoulder bruised. Faster than she had ran up the 
stairs Yui ran down the stairs and phased though the back door not bothering to 
stop and open it. In one swift motion she picked up her bokken off the ground, 
with her foot, and jump up to the stairs. She ran up the stairs at such a 
blinding pace that it would put the world's best runners to shame. She ran 
because she had not yet mastered her ability to fly. Another little something 
Yui got from her mother along with the ability to phase though solid matter.


	Yui arrived at the shrine training grounds, where her father before her 
had received his training. The training grounds were directly in front of her 
father's burial cave. The same cave that had once been her mother's prison for 
700 years. Taking a quick look around she saw her great-grandfather siting in 
his usual spot, on the boulder next to the mouth of the cave. However there was 
something unusual; in his hand he held the Tenchi-ken, her father's sword and 
name sake.

	"Grandfather Yosho why do you have father's sword with you?" asked Yui

	"Because, today, I will show you to use more of your abilities, your 
energy attacks to be specific. Maybe even how to generate Lighthawk wings."

"What are you talking about grandfather? What energy attacks and what are 
Lighthawk wings?" inquired Yui.

"Over the past two years you have begun to exhibit  certain abilities which you 
inherited from your mother. Your unrivaled speed, your ability to phase though 
solid matter, and your still developing ability to fly. However you still have 
even more potential. The ability to form energy balls and swords, along with the 
power to control the power logs of Jurai like you Aunt Ayeka and Sasami. 
Eventually you will develop that ability to control Lighthawk wings like your 
father, mother, and aunts were able to." remarked Yosho.

"But Grandfather Yosho that still doesn't tell me what Lighthawk wings are." 
asked Yui.

"Lighthawk wings are beams of energy that are summoned by a person for 
protection. The number that are summoned are based upon the power of the being, 
and only a tiny amount of beings can generate them. Gods, can generate the most 
sometimes from 8-10. Ten, the most, is only able to be generated by Tsunami, who 
has merged with your Aunt Sasami. Also Washu being a god in mortal form can 
generate them, but only two because she sealed most of her power away in gems, 
which now rest in the hilt of the Tenchi-ken.

Demi-gods, mix between mortals and gods, can also generate Lighthawk wings. Such 
an example is your mother, a creation of Washu's ova and cells of a mortals. 
Demi-gods can normally only generate 3-5 wings, but in your mother's case she 
can generate 6 Lighthawk wings in a time of need. Along with the gods and demi-
gods there is only one race of mortals that can generate the Lighthawk wings, 
the Juraians. Tenchi, your father, my grandson, was the most powerful Juraian to 
even arise. At the peak of his power he could summon up to 9 Lighthawk wings.

The only other race able to generate the Lighthawk wings are the space trees of 
Jurai. They are able to generate them due to the fact that they are blessed by 
Tsunami. But enough of this silly babble it is time to begin training." replied 
Yosho.

"What should I do first?" asked Yui.

"To begin hold out your hand and close you eyes. Now concentrate on and imagine 
a ball of energy in your hands" said Yosho

Suddenly Yui felt her hand become very tingly and warm. Slowly she opened her 
eyes to see that she now had an emerald ball of energy in her hand. At first she 
was amazed that she held this kind of power but was replaced with a feeling of 
respect that she had always felt towards power.

	"Now what do I do Grandfather"

"Pick a target and throw it as you would a base ball"

Picking the boulder that her great-grandfather used as a seat she hurled the 
energy ball at it. In a bright flash and an equally loud explosion the boulder 
was reduce to rubble. Once the dust had settled the Yui heard her grandfather 
clapping and saying good job. Then out of nowhere she was hit up side the head 
with her grandfather's bokken.

Yui turned to her grandfather rubbing her head she said " What in the hell was 
that for Grandfather Yosho?" After the question was asked she was hit again on 
the shoulder.

"The first one was for blowing up my perch and the second one was for  swearing 
in my presence and on holy ground." was Yosho remark.

At first she was going to ask what swearing but then she remembered that she had 
used the word hell. She also remembered that the training grounds where part of 
the Masaki Shrine.

"Now lets continue with the training. I want you to do that again but this time 
summon it on will, don't think about it." said Yosho

Doing as her grandfather asked she summoned forth another ball of emerald 
energy. This time choosing the lake as a target she hurled the ball of energy. 
Out of nowhere however dropped a young bird now in the path of the energy ball. 
With a simple motion of her hand she moved the ball out of the way of hitting 
the bird. With the bird safe the ball of energy resumed it's course and exploded 
in the water shooting up a column of water 50 feet into the air.

By this time Ryoko was standing next Yosho in complete awe. " Well done Yui, 
you've seemed to have develop a skill even I don't posses." 

Thinking that her mother is joking Yui asks in a sarcastic tone " And what skill 
would that be mom."

"Even I  don't posses the power to control an energy  ball after it's left my 
hands"

Now realizing that her mother wasn't kidding she looked at her hands and simply 
said "Wow".

"This time let's try something a little different. Form an energy ball in your 
hand, but instead of throwing it clasp your hands around it." instructed Yosho

Yui did as she was instructed and was amazed to find that she now held a bow 
that was made completely out of emerald energy. Her next reaction was one of 
surprise that she could command something as this. Also because she had only 
seen it a few times; and that was only when her mother and father would spar. 
With the fact that her father died when she was mearly 8 years old it's been a 
long time. But her mother only had a sword, she held a bow.		

	Tenchi had died when Yui was only 8 years old, on her 8th birthday to be 
exact. Tomorrow would be the 10th anniversary of his death and Yui's 18th 
birthday. 

	What bothered her the most however was the fact that she could remember 
very little about the year. Everything was a blank from the day after her 7th  
birthday up until the  week after her 8th birthday. That is everything but a 
reoccurring nightmare.

	The dream always began with Yui being kidnapped from her family by a women 
by the name of Tokimi. Her family chased after Tokimi for a year to regain their 
precious little girl. However what always struck Yui as weird is that she never 
dreamed about what happened in that year. 

Finally her family caught up with Tokimi; however once they did a long space 
battle ensued. Thankfully Aunt Ayeka and Aunt Sasami were both princess of the 
planet Jurai; they asked for additional support ships for help with Ryo-oki. 
Instead they got half of the Juraian fleet. Partially in fact that Yui was the 
daughter of a prince of Jurai, (Even if the current emperor ,  Tenchi's great-
grandfather, refused to acknowledge his claim to the throne. Due to the fact 
that he married the most feared criminal on Jurai, Ryoko) and partially due to 
the fact that Ayeka and Sasami loved Yui with all their heart. 

Because of  Tokimi being a goddess the ship she controlled was able to keep the 
fleet at bay and manage to destroy some of the Juraian spacetrees. However in 
the middle of the confusion Ryo-oki was able to enter though the shield with the 
help of the combined Lighthawk wings from Ryoko, Tenchi, Sasami, Ayeka, and 
Washu.

Once they docked with Tokimi's ship Ryoko and Tenchi left to find the bridge and 
take back their daughter. Ayeka and Sasami stayed behind to watch the ship and 
Washu let her curiosity get the best of her a went to download the ship's main 
computer. Because every goddess's ship memory bank's are filled with the 
experiences of the goddess, and Washu could let this chance to get a better look 
at her sisters past and what she did during the 20,000 the she was mortal.

Once Tenchi and Ryoko reached the bridge they were met by Tokimi. Tokimi already 
had her weapon drawn and was set for battle. Meanwhile Washu was downloading the 
computer into her computer in sub-space while watching some of the data as it 
was downloaded.  Ten minutes later Tenchi ,with Ryoko, was battling Tokimi; 
Washu was returning to the ship with a smirk on her face knowing that this data 
was going to invaluable someday (little did she know).

As the battle was progressing Ryoko was being beaten badly even though Tenchi 
was right there by her side, not to mention her Lighthawk wings were failing. 
Tenchi, however was in much better shape even though he was taking the majority 
of the blows. Tenchi was with standing much better because he was Juraian but 
mostly because he was blessed with power directly from Tsunami.

As Ryoko's Lighthawk wings began to fail Tenchi told her to leave with Yui and 
that he would handle Tokimi. Ryoko being as stubborn as she was refused to leave 
until she heard Yui crying in the corner. At first she was relieved to see that 
her daughter alive then she was horrified because she realized that Yui had been 
there the whole fight. Quickly Ryoko ran to Yui scooped her up and teleported 
back to Ryo-oki leaving Tenchi to continue battling Tokimi. Little did they know 
that would be the last they would see of him. 

He was found 12 hours later, by Tsunami's ship, floating in space. The odd thing 
though is that there was no sign of Tokimi's ship except for a little bits and 
pieces floating around. Yet Tenchi's body was in perfect condition except it 
held no life. Tenchi's body was returned to Earth and given the proper burial of 
a Juraian prince and a shrine keeper's grandson.		

Without warning Yosho charged Yui, on an automatic response, which had been 
built into her by Yosho, (he always choose the must inopportune to train) she 
blocked his blow and returned with a counter attack. "Hold it" yelled Ryoko  
"Its almost time for dinner. Now both of you go clean up for dinner".

"Awe, do we have to" said Yosho " I was just starting to have fun."
"You know sometimes your as bad as Ayeka used to be. Now both of you go get 
cleanup or I'll show you some of my moves."

Yosho and Yui shot each other a quick glance and took off for the individual 
onsens at top speed.

15 min. later everyone was seated at the dinner table Yui and Ryoko sat across 
from one another. At each end of the table sat Yosho. Next to Yui sat her best 
and first friend Ryo-oki, the little cabbit(half cat half rabbit) was in her 
human form, which she was in almost in all the time, now that she was going to 
school with Yui. Next to Ryoko sat Washu (Ryoko's mom). This surprised Yui, do 
to the fact that Washu only left her lab for a week every two weeks.

"Has it already been two weeks Grandma" asked Yui.
"No little one but I just couldn't live with my self if I missed you 18th 
birthday. Considering I've missed so many in the past, I just couldn't do it 
again."

As they all began eating the room fell silent except the sound of mouths and 
silverware. Ryoko was the first one to break the silence " Yui guess what".

"What" replied Yui.

"I have a very nice surprise for your birthday tomorrow".

"Really what is it".

"You'll just have to wait till tomorrow".

"Come on Mom you can't play this game  without giving me a hint".

"Just a small one, it contains 8 of the things you love the most".

"Well that's no help at all".

"Believe it or not it is, you'll just have to wait till tomorrow won't you".

"I also have a nice present or you' remarked Washu.

"Can you tell what you got me Grandma" asked Yui.

"Nope, as your mother said you'll have to wait till tomorrow, and don't even 
bothering asking for hints. Because I don't give any just ask you mother that 
one" answered Washu.

"What about you Grandpa Yosho, did you get me something for my birthday" Yui 
asked her great-grandfather.

"As a matter of fact I did and I going to give you the same answer that your 
grandmother and mother gave" replied Yosho.
"Awe you guys are no fun" whined Yui "What about you Ryo-oki did you get me 
something for my birthday"

Ryo-oki just simply nodded her head and handed Yui a carrot. Everyone around the 
table rolled over laughing, once they had all stopped Yui turned to Ryo-oki and 
gave her a giant bear hug. Once everyone regained their composure they returned 
to eating their dinner.

"When will Nobiyuki return?" inquired Washu.

"He will return tomorrow morning around 5:00. He's still finishing up the final 
touches on the new Galactic Council Building with Ayeka. He'll be leaving in 
about 3hrs. sometime around 7:30." replied Yosho.

"Too bad everyone else couldn't come back with Grandpa, I miss everyone. It's 
been almost 6 months since I've seen any of them" said Yui

"I know you miss them honey, we all do, But they all have jobs and other thing 
they have to attend to you know that. They all say they're sorry they couldn't 
make it would make it up some how." replied Ryoko.

"Most of all though I wish dad was here"

"He is little one, he is in all of us" said Washu.		

Meanwhile in the Juraian capital we find Nobiyuki and Ayeka at a large memorial 
where Ayeka has laid a bundle of flowers. Quietly Nobiyuki and Ayeka both kneel 
in front of the memorial and say a silent prayer.

Upon the memorial's base sat a golden plate which read: "Upon this memorial you 
see the face of Tenchi Masaki, the 1st crowned prince of Jurai. A man who risked 
his life  numerous times to save his world, his friend, his family and even 
those people he didn't know. But he was struck down in the Final Goddess war 
while rescuing his wife and child from Tokimi. Now we can only wait and see if 
his child will take his place."

	After Nobiyuki and Ayeka had finished the silently and solemnly walk back 
to the palace both in deep thought.

	Once they reached the inner sanctum of the palace Nobiyuki broke the eerie 
silence "When do we leave for Earth?"

	"We'll leave as soon as Sasami, Keyata, and Little Tenchi arrive. They're 
visiting our parents at they're vineyard in South Jurai. Then we'll meet up 
Kiyone and Mihoshi in Urainian orbit after that it's straight for home." replied 
Ayeka.

	Ayeka turned and saw Nobiyuki suddenly looking more down trodden the 
normal. In a very caring voice Ayeka asked "Lord Nobiyuki, what is wrong you 
seem sadder then normal to day".

	"Damn it Ayeka how many times have I asked you not to call me Lord 
Nobiyuki. I have in no way earned the right to be called Lord, and just because 
my father in law is 1st crown prince Yosho that does not give me the right. If 
anything I should be referring to you as highness, after all you are the First 
Crowned Empress of Jurai and I'm just a lowly architect." retorted Nobiyuki.

	"You still have not answered my question Nobiyuki, what is bothering you."

	"I miss my son, Tenchi. Tomorrow will be the 10th anniversary of his death 
and I still can't get over it. Not only did I lose him to the forces of evil but 
I also lost his mother."
"What you lost Lady Achika to evil forces?"

"Don't play stupid with me Ayeka, Tenchi told me what transpired be you guy's 
and Kain. Washu even restored my memory."

"When did he tell you?"

"Shortly after he and Ryoko wed. He said that I should know that Achika's death 
was not in vain."

By know they had reached the thrown room. Both entered silently at the mention 
of Tenchi's wedding to Ryoko. Ayeka took it hard when Tenchi announced that he 
loved Ryoko. But supriseingly she stayed around, even after they wed she hung. 
Eventually her and Ryoko became very close even to the point of considering each 
other sisters.

Trying to get his mind of Tenchi Nobiyuki turned to Ayeka and asked her "So what 
did you get Yui for her birthday?"

She quickly walked over to her seat on the thrown which was positioned in the 
center of two others, her husband's and her son's. As she reached behind she 
pulled out a glass case. Within the glass case sat a tiara that was an exact 
replica of the one she used to wear before she assumed power after her parents 
retreated to their vineyard in South Jurai.

"Wow the is a very good replica of your old tiara Ayeka" said Nobiyuki

"This not a replica Nobiyuki it's the real thing" answered Ayeka.

"What do you mean that is the real thing isn't it supposed to be passed down the 
royal line. If your parents find out their going to have a fit"

"My parents can not say a word, nor can I. The tiara is to passed down to the 
first female born, which in this case is Yui. Trust me I would love to give it 
to my Little Ryoko, but tradition and law says that it has to go to Yui. However 
my father has already tried to find a way around ecspeacially because of Ryoko's 
past and his dislike for Tenchi." (Ayeka's father hates Tenchi because he 
believes that Tenchi desired to take the thrown from him.)

"I thought that Ryoko's record was expunged."

"It was but just because a record is wiped clean doesn't mean that a memory is 
wiped clean."

Taking a quick glance at his watch Nobiyuki notices that it is almost 7:30 p.m. 
"Where is your husband, it's almost time to leave?"

All of a sudden a voice chimed from behind the door "Here I am". Nobiyuki and 
Ayeka turned around to see Sean standing in the doorway with little Ryoko on his 
shoulders. 

"And I have another surprise for you" replied Sean as he kick open the door next 
to him. When it opened, it revealed Sasami holding hands with her husband Keyata 
with their son, Little Tenchi, sitting upon his shoulders.

Nobiyuki took a quick look at the group and exclaimed in a happy tone "I guess 
it's time to go then. We can catch up on the ship and I liked to get there as 
soon as possible. Jurai is nice place to visit but is miss earth." With that 
they all spun around and headed to the royal spaceship. "It's time to have a 
family reunion"

8 « hours they arrived in Urainin orbit; once in stationary orbit they sent a 
message to Kiyone and Mihoshi. "Royal Jurai ship Tsunami to Galaxy Police vessel 
Yagami 2 please come back."

"Tsunami, this is the G.P. cruiser Yagami 2. It's damn nice to see you again 
Ayeka. It's been almost ten years. Are you ready for us to board"

"Were ready to begin docking procedures, engage, I'll meet you at the door 
Kiyone."

Ten minutes later hugs and kisses were being exchange. "So are we just going to 
sit here or are we going to see one of our favorite nieces."  replied Sasami




What does tomorrow have in store for our friends? What other gifts are there for 
Yui? Was has Washu emerged from lab except for Yui's Birthday? Find out next 
Time in Chapter 2-The Return



So what did you think. Send me any kind of response, yeah or nay to 
Damienschild@excite.com. Chapter 2- The Return should be out shortly.

