Disclaimer: I don't own any of these characters they are property of 
pioneer and aic so don't sue bitch ass!!!!!!! I am writing this out of 
pure pleasure ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha but I do own Sam cos he is 
me ha ha ha ha ha ha ha 
                                  Final Desire
It was a normal morning at the Masaski residence, well as normal as it 
gets there. Ryoko had just blown the front porch to shit. " Ayeka you can 
go fuck Kagato, Tenchi and I are meant for each other, can't you see we're 
in love miss prissy bitch."
"Tenchi would rather go fuck a dead donkey's ass than be with a demon 
bitch."
"Why you, I ought to."
KABOOM! ! 
"RYOKO" came the voice of a quite pissed off and angry Tenchi
"Ohh Tenchi," ryoko said, "tell Ayeka how madly in love we are."
Ryoko goes and wraps herself around Tenchi
"Ryoko get off me!  Please!"
 Knock, knock
"Just a minute," Tenchi said as he opened the door to a black hairdo 
teenager, he was 
battered every where he had blood stains on his shirt and a big cut down 
his left arm, then
Of nowhere the boy fainted onto the floor. When he woke he was looking 
into the golden eyes of Ryoko. "Wh who are you," the boy wearily asked 
"I'm Ryoko, you look like you have been badly beaten, who are you."
The boy answered "my name's Sam, I need to rest and go. I'm being chased"
"One you're not going anywhere and two who's chasing you."
" The one they call Buu" 
"Who's Buu"?
"He's an insane freak bent on catching and killing the most powerful 
people on earth"
"Then why is he after you."
"He's after me because I can do this"
Sam then stuck his hand out and fired an energy blast at a near by 
mountain which caused to explode.
"Shit you can fire energy blasts too."
"Yeah and what do you mean too."
"This."
Ryoko then stuck her hand out and blew up a near tree.
"Wow so you can."
Then Sam passed out again. When he woke up again he was in Washus lab 
being tested on.
"Where am I now." Sam asked
"Oh good you're awake." Came the reply. "I'm just gonna heal you Sam"
"Hey how'd you know my name.?"
"Ryoko told me she's really worried about you." 
"How can she we just met and anyway I never caught your name."
"My name is Washu but please call me little Washu." Came a cute little 
voice in reply
 Later that day everyone was at dinner eating when Sam from upstairs 
borrowing a pair of Tenchi,s sweat pants and a white T-shirt. For some 
unknown reason Ryoko started to blush at the sight of him lucky for her 
no-one noticed. "Why do I feel so weird when he's near, why do I feel 
warm, safe and joyful around him." Royko thought to her self she forgot 
that washu could hear her over their mental link.
"So what's for tea?" Asked a fully healed Sam.
"Rice, pork ribs in barbecue sauce and duck." Said the master chef Sasami.
"Great." Said Sam "and where do I sit"
Immediately Ryoko got up and offered him the seat next to her.
"Thanks" was Sams only reply as he sat down and ate faster and more than 
Ryoko could ever eat.
Later that night when everyone was a sleep Sam went out side and stared to 
train firing energy blasts every where running, kicking, and flipping all 
over the place. When Sam was training Ryoko woke up and was surprised to 
see him training so intensely, she went out to see him train but as she 
got outside she was pinned to the ground by some unknown force.
"ahh" Ryoko screamed as she hit the floor with such force it felt like one 
thousand tons had landed on her back.
"What the" Sam heard Ryokos scream and set off in her direction.
As Sam got there he saw Ryoko on the floor out cold "oh shit" Sam shouted 
as he picked up Ryoko as he flew back to the house carrying Ryoko in his 
arms.
As he got in the house he looked for Washu by going into her lab. (a very 
dangerous idea)
"Washu where are you, I need you to help Ryoko" Sam called out, and out of 
nowhere came a very serious looking Washu "Put her on the table, and tell 
what happened"said the little genius.
"Well I was training at 150 times earth's gravity and Ryoko must have gone 
into its field and was brought down by its shear force."
"What do you mean 150 times earth gravity, do you mean to tell me you can 
change the gravity of the earth?" said a very intrigued Washu.
"Well yeah but only at a radios of 800 yds."
Just then Ryoko awoke to be staring at thousands of blinking lights, she 
jumped and then realized she was in Washus lab.
"What where am I."
"Thank God your awake." Said Sam in a relived kind of way.
"What happened, Why am I down here?"
"You came into Sams gravity pull which was 150 times earth gravitational 
pull." 
"Sam how did you do that then?" asked Ryoko
"Well I sort of used my physic powers to alter the gravity within 800 
yards." 
"Oh okay then can you teach me that?" asked Ryoko
"Yeah probably, but I'll do it tomorrow first lets get some sleep okay."
"Oh all right." Was Ryokos answer.
Next morning
It was the next morning after Sam had first arrived and things just got a 
little out of hand.
Ryoko had just woken Sam up so he could train her to be a better fighter, 
he told her he would do I after breakfast. After breakfast everyone 
complemented Sasami on a great meal as usual and went of. Tenchi did how 
ever notice that Ryoko was leaving him alone and was always looking at Sam 
from time to time, Ayeka noticed this also and started to go all over him 
like melted butte, and to both Tenchis and Ayeka surprise Ryoko didn't 
seem to care she was quite happy just watching Sam eating.
After breakfast Sam had just come out of the shower just as Ryoko floated 
in threw the wall to have her shower.
"Aghh Ryoko get out!" shouted Sam
"Whoops he he nice dick."
"Ryoko get out! !" 
"Okay okay  I'm going meet me out on the fields."
"Yeah yeah just go."
After Sam had had his shower he got dressed and went to the fields where 
he saw Ryoko wearing her battle clothes, and Sam couldn't help but notice 
her perfect curves. He then heard Ryokos voice asking him if he was ready.
" er yeah just just a minute." He shouted as he flew up to Ryoko " I'll 
set the gravity to 10 times earth gravity you should feel a little pull 
but I think you can stand it." Said Sam
"Okay I just wanna be as good as you."
" That may take a while." 
"Why may I ask?" 
"Because I can blow up a planet and you cant."

Back at the masaki household

"Tenchi will you come for a walk with me?" Asked Ayeka.
"Well yeah okay then." Said Tenchi.
 "Tenchi do you really like Ryoko, or do you hate her?" asked Ayeka
"Well I geuss like her as friend nothing more really, why"
" Well it's just do you like me not as friend as something more" Ayeka 
asked this in such a worried way and also caught Tenchi way off guard.
 "er I erm" it was at that moment when Tenchi and Ayekas eyes met that 
Tenchi new he loved her and then Tenchis head moved closer, his eyes 
closed Ayeka did the same their mouths were so close they could feel each 
others breath and then their mouths met in the most passionate kiss their 
tongues explored each others mouths. Tenchi started to caress Ayekas 
curves. Ayeka was in pure bliss as she and Tenchi kissed.
"Oh Tenchi I love you so much."
"And I love you Ayeka" was Tenchis reply. 
When their kiss had finished they walked back to the house to find 
everyone at the table ready for lunch except Sam and Ryoko.
"Where is Sir Sam and Miss Ryoko?" asked Ayeka
"Sam came back and got his and Ryokos lunch, then he went back to where he 
and ryoko are training Ayeka" said Sasami as she prepared their meal.
Back at where Sam and Ryoko are training 
"Good Ryoko your doing good now try and tackle me."
"I'll catch you, you just start running."   
" Okay but at 50 times earth's gravity its gonna be a lot harder"
Their training was going really well Ryoko could now withstand 50 times 
earth's gravity and her speed had greatly increased she learned new 
attacks such as the big bang attack and the Kamehameha.but she was still 
nowhere near as powerful as Sam.
"Ryoko you've got to be faster than that to catch me."
"Don't worry I'll get you."
As Ryoko chased Sam Sasami had come round to tell them it was nearly tea. 
Now Sam could have easily dodged Ryokos tackle but she would hit Sasami, 
so Sam allowed her to tackle him. Sam however did get the wind knocked out 
of him, but tried to shield her from the impact on the floor.
"Told you I would tackle you." said Ryoko triumphantly.
"Yeah well if I dodged you would of hit Sasami."
It was right then and there when Sam looked into Ryokos eyes that he fell 
in love with her.
Sam then leant his head down till it almost touched Ryokos head and then 
kissed her, and to his surprise she slipped her tongue into his mouth, 
they started to kiss passionately. When they broke the kiss Sam said "I 
love you ryoko."
"And I love you too Sam" reply'd Ryoko.  
Ryoko then teleported them both to there room where they shared an 
intimate night of passion. (You all know what I mean heh heh heh).
The next morning 
The next morning everyone was awoken by a huge and loads of maniacal 
laughter.
Sam jumped out of bed got dressed and went to see what it was, already 
having an idea on who it was.
"Shit!!!" Sam shouted when he saw the evil grin on the face of Buu.
"Well well well what have we here it looks like a little sewer rat" Said 
Buu calmy
"How did you find me Buu?" asked Sam as he flew towards Buu getting ready 
for the Battle ahead.
"I tuned into your power and followed you here" replied Buu 
Just then every came out side to see what was going on, they were soon 
shocked to see Sam ready for Battle and Ryoko called out for him not to 
fight and as Sam was about to reply Buu attacked him, Sam hit floor with 
such force it made a minor earthquake. Sam got back up and fired a huge 
energy blast right at his head then the battle went into full swing they 
each shared crushing blows making their spectators cringe in disgust.
Each thrown punch or kick sent down a shower of blood. Ryoko surprised 
everyone by telling him to stop fighting and that she loved him, however 
the fight went on and Sam said that this was his destiny and this fight 
was to the death. The battle waged for two more hours when finally Buu 
fell to the floor dead, it only took another ten seconds for Sam to hit 
the floor,
But he didn't die he just passed out, he was then taken to Washu's lab to 
be healed.
He woke up two day's later and when he saw Ryoko he asked her to marry him 
she said yes.

Hope you like my story cos it's my fist and im only 12 so don't criticize 
me ok. Keep an eye out for my next story.
   
      
        
  	
	
