Chapter iii

<*Does she actually care for me?*>  Mihoshi whimpered inwardly.  She sat on 
the cold ground of the cave with her knees also drawn up and shuddered.  <*I 
care for you, Kiyone, so deeply and for so long.  You yell at me, treat me 
like a child, but you're beautiful, and you would love me too, if you could 
just melt the coldness in your heart*>.  A single tear down Mihoshi's left 
cheek, but she knew there would be more.  She sniffed, and the sudden noise 
awoke the guard standing outside her "cell."  He peeked into the dark 
enclosure, and made a nasty grin when he saw Mihoshi looking right at him.  
Mihoshi blinked another tear away and turned her head.
"Don't worry, your time will soon..." Mihoshi could almost hear the grin in 
his voice, and decided not to think about what he might have meant.

~*~

Kiyone tried to land the smaller ship quietly, but it was hard work.  When 
she finally landed it and got out, she looked around and saw nothing but 
rock.  Wet, glistening rock.  Kiyone tried to take in a deep breath.  The 
oxygen level at SatFE12 was lower than Earth's, and she had to get used to 
it.  But for now, her main concern was to find Mihoshi.  If she was on this 
moon.  Despite all her training, Kiyone had no idea where to start.  She had 
only landed on this moon with the faintest inkling that Mihoshi could be 
here, she could barely breathe, and felt as if she was stuck in a museum 
showcasing Neanderthals and their way of life.  <No wonder barely anyone 
lives on the friggin' moo-oo-nn>.  She barely managed to gasp, because a 
gust of cold air had just brushed past her.  Kiyone actually stood there for 
a while, staring into space.  She was thinking of her feelings toward 
Mihoshi when they were first assigned together, Mihoshi's carelessness and 
how they always managed to make up in the end.  Finally, Kiyone thought 
about the helpless and sad expression Mihoshi got whenever she knew she 
messed up.  Kiyone managed to laugh and smile when she thought of the nights 
at the karaoke bar.  Or maybe it was just the lack of oxygen.  <Where are 
you Mihoshi?>  She didn't realize her feelings until...until she tasted the 
first salty tear slide onto her lips.  Instinctively, she reached up to 
brush away the wet trail on her cheek.  With newfound determination, she set 
off to find Mihoshi.

~*~

The rusty door of the cell opened to reveal two hefty men grinning from ear 
to ear.  Mihoshi managed to catch exactly eight minutes of sleep.  She had 
been there for four days now, she had not eaten anything, had drunken only a 
little water, and was so weak that she could not stand.
"Tsk, tsk...we tried to convince you to eat...now come on," one of the men 
said.  Both of them dragged her from her crouching position.  Mihoshi failed 
to see the point of struggling, she was too tired at any rate.  They led her 
to a sparsely lit chamber.  They forced a tape onto her mouth.  The man whom 
Mihoshi supposed was the "leader" stood from a rock and came from out of the 
shadows.  He held a knife that gleamed in the light.  He slowly approached 
Mihoshi, as his henchmen stood back for him.  When he stood in front of her, 
he gave her the once over, smiled, and snapped his fingers.  At this signal, 
his henchmen viciously tore the top half of Mihoshi's GP uniform to pieces.  
Mihoshi saw at once what was in the man's dark eyes and struggled to keep 
the tears back.  <*Kiyone....*> But she had already lost all hope.

~*~

<Geez, these caves are like a maze!> Everything was shining, the walls, the 
ceiling, the ground...<Wait, what is that?> Kiyone bent to pick up Mihoshi's 
red hair band (see Chap. 4, I added it in).  She continued to kneel there, 
trying to look for footprints in the soft mud and dirt.  She squinted and 
bent down farther...<Yes, I see very faint footprints...heading that way...> 
Her eyes wandered ahead of her, following the footprints.  Still kneeling, 
she allowed herself to move forward quietly.  The footprints led her to a 
dark opening that she would have easily missed.  Kiyone sighed in relief, 
clutching the red band close to her.
Kiyone forced herself to brace against the wall, even though it was 
glistening from the moisture.  She flinched as the wetness eventually soaked 
through her uniform and onto her skin.  Kiyone refocused when she heard 
footsteps approach her.  A small, muffled "armph..." sounded before she 
covered the mouth with her hand and cracked the neck of the sentry.  Quickly 
she glanced around her to see if anyone else heard.  No one came.  She saw a 
faint light at the end of a turn and proceeded down.
Kiyone gasped at the sight that met her eyes.  A group of about five men 
surrounded Mihoshi.  The sight almost brought tears to her eyes.  It looked 
like a scene from a BDSM video, [the author would like to interject that 
she's not into that kind of stuff...anyway] chains hung from the ceiling and 
around Mihoshi's wrists.  The men were standing around Mihoshi, and 
Mihoshi's mouth was taped shut.  It was obvious what they were planning to 
do.  Kiyone glanced around.  Stalagmites had formed out of the ground and 
Kiyone quickly hid behind one, moving closer to Mihoshi.  She continued this 
until she was a mere twelve feet from her.  She breathed deeply and pulled 
out two guns, thankful that she had brought an extra.  She was just about to 
get up and start shooting when she heard Mihoshi give a muffled scream and 
heard the tearing of clothes.  Kiyone closed her eyes for a second, breathed 
deeply again and took a small peek.  Once again, the scene almost drove her 
to tears.  She blinked rapidly to dry her eyes. <It's now or never...>
Kiyone's first two shots broke the chain, and killed one man.  Her next two 
shots killed the leader and another man.  The next two finished off the 
rest.  Kiyone had to work quickly.  She had no idea who else might have been 
in the caves, and Mihoshi looked cold and in desperate need of medical 
attention.  Mihoshi could barely lift her head to acknowledge the presence 
of her partner.  Kiyone barely thought as she scooped Mihoshi up.  She had 
to throw her over one shoulder to keep one free in case someone came.  But 
they made it through safely.  Kiyone carried her to the ship, and headed 
toward Yagami.
Once they were on board, Kiyone programmed Yagami to land back on Earth, 
where she hoped Washu could save Mihoshi.  Kiyone had put Mihoshi in her bed 
and covered her in mounds of blankets, but she was still shivering.  Kiyone 
closed her eyes and knew what she had to do.  Immediately, to avoid the 
possible onset of pneumonia, Kiyone stripped and slid into bed with her 
partner.  She stayed there until Mihoshi awoke, ten hours later.

~*~

"Ki-Kiyone!?" Mihoshi's eyes were wide.  "Why...?" she looked at Kiyone's 
bare body and she began to understand.  Before Kiyone could react, Mihoshi 
pulled her into a tight hug.  Kiyone blushed ferociously but did not try to 
pull back.  She heard Mihoshi whisper, "You saved my life..." and felt a 
tear drop onto her shoulder.  Amazingly, Kiyone found herself putting a hand 
on Mihoshi's back and whispering, "It's ok...I'm here..."
Mihoshi sniffed.  "It was so cold, Kiyone.  And they tried to...to..." Both 
detectives found themselves tearing up.  At that moment, a huge growl came 
from Mihoshi's stomach.  Kiyone tried to hold her laughter in, but they 
ended up laughing anyway.
"So, I guess you're hungry...I'll get us something to eat." Kiyone stood up 
and put her clothes on.
Not wanting to embarrass her, Mihoshi turned the other way, and said, "Let 
me help you."
"No, stay in bed, you're still too weak." Kiyone placed a hand on Mihoshi's 
brow and stroked the bangs out of her eyes. "Oh, I almost forgot...here." 
Kiyone handed Mihoshi her red hair band and walked out of the bedroom.
Mihoshi watched her leave and smiled for the first time in four days.

~*~

Two days later, they returned to Tenchi's house.  With Kiyone's reassuring 
arm around her, Mihoshi headed to Washu's lab to make sure everything was 
all right.  "Well, a couple of minor scrapes and bruises, nothing more.  
You're lucky Kiyone got to you in time."
Mihoshi looked right into Kiyone's eyes and said, "Yes, I am."
That warm afternoon after lunch, Mihoshi asked Kiyone if she would take a 
walk with her.  At first, Kiyone looked confused and Mihoshi was afraid she 
would say no.  But Kiyone smiled and nodded.
They walked silently in the forest for a moment.  Mihoshi decided to stop 
and they both sat down on a rock.
"So, did you want to talk about something?" Kiyone asked.
Mihoshi nodded, and tried to keep from blinking too much.  "I-I just want to 
thank you for saving my life, Kiyone."  Kiyone started to say something, but 
Mihoshi stopped her, "no, hear me out.  In the middle of all this, I had 
actually lost hope.  I thought you wouldn't come, Kiyone."  Her tears 
started in earnest.  "All those times you yelled at me, they all played in 
my mind, I thought I would never see you again.  I mean..." Mihoshi laughed 
softly, and looked up, blinking again.  "I actually thought that, Kiyone.  I 
was so foolish."
Kiyone gaped at her.  <The all-optimistic Mihoshi had given up hope?!> She 
shook her head to clear her thoughts.  She placed both hands on Mihoshi's 
shoulders and looked straight into her partner's eyes.  Mihoshi's looked at 
her, blinked, and started to blush slightly.  Kiyone was a little startled 
by this, but continued anyway.
"Mihoshi, I'm sorry for every bad thing I said to you...I-I never meant any 
of those things.  I only said those things because I was angry...at that 
moment.  But I've forgiven you for everything, Mihoshi, please understand 
I..."
"Kiyone, I love you."
Four words...it was only four words, and that was all that was needed to 
render Kiyone's brain useless.  Once again, all she could do was gape.  
Mihoshi brought a hand up to her cheek and brought her face closer to 
Kiyone's.  Kiyone finally managed to close her mouth.  But she could not 
close her eyes, which were staring right into those of Mihoshi's.  Kiyone 
did not know exactly when their lips met, but a wave of warmness passed over 
her when they did.  Her hand reached up to touch Mihoshi's cheek.  When the 
kiss ended, Mihoshi became limp in her arms and her hand reached further up 
to stroke Mihoshi's hair.
"I've loved you for so long..."
Kiyone smiled, and they both stood up, still in each other's arms.
"C'mon, let's go home..."

*~*~*
THE END

I hope to write more MihoKiyos in the future...hope you liked this one
Comments or suggestions, email me!


