Prelude:

A lightsword is a devastating weapon. While simulitaneously drawing from its 
user for energy it literally tears apart those unfortunate
enough to be caught in the path of the dazzling, destructive beam. Imagine 
that beam turned upon *you*. It'd hurt, wouldn't it? Of course it would. 
Today, many a soul in many places will feel the power and
meaninglessness of such a horrible weapon, be it by fate... or by accident. 
This will matter not to the victims. They will be dead.
But for what reason? How? Why? Consider this quote. "While in the heat of 
battle, one does not care of his life." For many reasons
this is not always true. If you are assaulted without provocation, you are 
afraid, and will fight for your life. If a loved one is held
hostage for no reason, then you are afraid, and you fight for their life. If 
you die, your loved one cries. If your loved one dies, then you
cry. If your enemy dies, then nobody cries... Or *does* somebody cry? 
Whoever they are, whatever they do, however they came to love
whatever it is that they love, this is their story. An enemy is destroyed, 
and yet his "legacy" lives to kill so many more... All battles
have an end. But in that end... Who *really* wins?


General Info~~


Disclaimer: As I am not yet an experienced writer, errors such as story 
continuity are to be expected. Credit should be given to Thomas "009" 
Doscher for the term PFA, and for helping with continuity and grammatical 
errors. Contact him at doscher009@hotmail.com. Tenchi Muyo is the property 
of Pioneer and AIC Inc. and whoever else. The author owns only the writing 
and characters created solely for use in his/her own writing. Please don't 
sue this poor, aspiring author. He cannot afford to be sued, and, as he is a 
mere 15 years of age, only wishes to promote your product and write a good 
story.

What I'd like to see:

Okay. This is my first fanfic, and I'm kind of nervous. Everyone that I've 
had read my story says it's great, but I still have my doubts. What I'd like 
to see is all of you great reader-type people to become excellent 
writing-type people (kind of like Pokemon... Evolve, evolve! ^_^) and send 
me your opinions! Now, you don't *have* to, It's just a favor I'm asking of 
you! I may have made some errors with some of their conversations depending 
on how the story comes out. If you have any problems, please contact me.

* * * - Denotes change of world status (i.e., when perception shifts to a 
dream)

. . . . . - Denotes passage of time.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ -Denotes change of scene.

* * * Tenchi's Dream * * * -Name of status change.

~ ~ Tenchi's Room ~ ~ -Name of scene.

* * * . . . . . * * * -Basically says that time passes before the status 
changes.

When a word is written like *this*, that means the word is stressed without 
raising the voice. When a word is written like THIS, it means the word was 
basically stressed with a yell.

Umm... That's all I can think of. Any other questions should be e-mailed to 
glaces_carrot@hotmail.com!

Fanfic Info (all numbers exclude "Fanfic Info" section, but include other 
"General Info" areas)--

Pages- 21
Words- 8,600
Characters (w/out spaces)-40,477
Characters (w/spaces)-48,768
Paragraphs-449
Lines- 1,207

Character Info section has been moved to TFC2!! Hope you stick with me!
^_^

Oh, and one last thing, advised by my peers to include: Everything will end 
up ok, all right? Don't bail out at the first sign of trouble! It's not fair 
to me as a writer. ^^;

~~End General Info








-------------------------------


The Final Corridor

Part One

Uncontrolled, Yet So Tame...


--------------------------------







Swirling lights... A rainbow... Darkness. You begin to contemplate the 
method of your arrival... here. Before you can begin
thinking, a man walks into the fading light before you.  As you are 
surpassingly astounded by your arrival in this bleak world, you
can't form the words to question the strange man whose history is more than 
unknown. You do, however, find the time to do a lot of
mouth gaping.

Then you notice... his appearance. The man's face kinda reminds you of... 
anybody. (Hey, what can I say?) On his face, some light stubble looks a 
little out of
control. The hair is about shoulder length, brown, and a little ragged. The 
man is wearing a normal white dress shirt without a tie.
Over this dress shirt is a nice, comfy-looking forest green jacket. The 
pants are somewhat like slacks, and are beige in color. His
shoes... how is it possible to shine dress shoes that well? No one will ever 
know. Suddenly, the man begins to speak.

"Hey man. How ya' doing? I don't normally look like this... Please forgive 
me."

You nod slowly.

"Oh, where are my manners? Name's Nobuyuki. And no," he laughs for a moment, 
"not that Nobuyuki. My name is Nobuyuki Irahashimitsu. I'm an
author. This is my grand story!" He gestures to empty space occupying the 
immediate -- and infinite -- area.

Eyebrows raised, you spout the big no-no. "Doesn't *look* like a story to 
*me*," You choke out in the most pathetic way.

Nobu laughs again. "To the uninitiated, perhaps," he says cheerfully.

You normally would've found this amusing, but this place ruined it for you. 
Damn. "So," you say in somewhat of a respectable tone,
"what's with this story?"

Nobu, eyes closed, delivers the big advertising smile and holds the back of 
his neck with his left hand. He appears to have an
extremely obvious statement on the tip of his tongue. "I'm glad you asked!" 
he says. Then he leans forward suddenly. The next
statement is spoken from the "not-to-worry" Washu stance. "I'm getting to 
that! But first, I've got to explain why I chose *you*."
Again, your eyebrows raise themselves. "You see, I wanted somebody that 
would understand what I'm trying to accomplish! You're
just the right person. You know about Tenchi, Ayeka and Ryoko. You know 
what's happened to them. You know about the
complicated universe of Tenchi. And most important of all," he hesitates for 
a moment for effect, then says, ever cheerfully: "You're a
technical genius! I've read all your books, Dr. Light!"

You have no idea what he's talking about. You try to say so, but all that 
comes out is a really pathetic "Wah?"

His face darkens a little as the word comes out. "Oh... You *don't* know?" 
He bows his head in shame. "It seems... I've made the
wrong choice again..." He begins to cry. You move to help him, but he 
suddenly jolts out of it and scares the bejeezus out of you.
"*Damnation*, Tsunami! Why'd ya have to make this so HARD?" he screams. "We 
could've just used Jackie Chan or Chow Yun Fat!
Just look at 'Who Am I?', or... or... hmm. What movie was Chow Yun Fat in?" 
He stews over this for a moment as you shake your
head in disgust. "Anyway... Tsunami, why this... person?" A message from 
Tsunami runs through his head. "Oh, really? ... He isn't
a tech expert? Oh! Oh... A pilot, huh? Hmm... *That's* what he's supposed to 
do? ...Uh-huh... Yeah... Okay... Yep... Sure thing.
Hey, we still on for Saturday? Great. Pick you up at four? Okay then. 
Uh-huh. Love you. Bye." He nods his head solemnly. "You're a pilot?"

"Yeah," you answer. This dip finally gets it. You are kinda confused still 
by that Tsunami thing, but hey. This is his world, and *you* have no place 
to complain.

Nobu nods his head solemnly again. Then... "Perfect!" he exclaims as he 
grabs your shoulders and grins. "That's great! I've got
the perfect assignment for you! What's yer name, man?" Confused even more by 
all of this, you begin to answer, but are cut off by
him again. "Nah, that's not important! I'll call you Naoki Harishime. After 
all, that is who you're going to be!"

"Who's--"

"I didn't explain it yet," he sighs. He shakes his head bitterly. "I suppose 
you should know. After all, you are going to be him. Well,
Naoki Hirashime is a Galaxy Police Detective First Class. He's 23, 5'10", 
160 pounds. Most importantly, he's a friend of Ayeka's from
Jurai. A secret friendship, obviously. Some might say there was a romantic 
element. I don't believe so, but I could be wrong. Anyway,
Ayeka leaves and Naoki's depressed and stuff. 5 years later he decides to 
pursue her. On his way to Earth, he has a collision with the
GP Yagami. Naoki develops a friendship with a wonderful, young woman named 
Kiyone as the Yagami and Kyutsume-- that's his
ship-- are repaired, and falls in love with her. But he still hasn't 
forgotten about Ayeka, and when the repairs are finished 17 hours
later, he bids farewell to the beautiful woman and departs for Earth. Before 
he reaches it, he intercepts an urgent message on flash
channel frequency 172.416E. It's the commander-in-chief of the Setsurian 
army. It appears his message is being sent to some
mercenary business out in the Tare Quadrant, and regards an important 
mission. Now, being a GP Detective 1st Class, he has
obligations. He listens in and finds that a young man named Tenchi Masaki, 
the man Ayeka has been staying with for the past five
years, is due to be-- Oh, I won't give that away. But anyway, he speeds off 
to Earth to protect Ayeka. This is where you come in! Got
it?" Nobu stops to take a breath. After belting out so many words without 
taking a breath while saying them, it's kind of
understandable, you know?

"So I'm supposed to find Ayeka?"

He starts to say yes, but hesitates. "Not just Ayeka."

You have a lot of questions still, but you decide to ask later. "When do I 
have to go?"

The blatant Washu pose again. "I'm glad you asked!" He snaps his fingers and 
a rather odd-looking machine phases into existence to Nobu's right with a 
sharp "pop".

"Whazzat?" You ask in a rather ghetto-like way. If all that other stuff 
hadn't confused you, this would've done it in a big way. In either case, it 
made things worse.

"This, Naoki, is a Spatial Tri-Uranium Space Teleconverter." Before you can 
ask, he cuts you off yet again. "That means this is a tri-uranium-powered 
teleporter. I can send you anywhere as anyone."

"Ah... That's cool." This is getting quite interesting.

"Yeah... It's ready whenever you are." Nobu seems more serious all the 
sudden.

"I guess I'm ready now."

"All right then. Let's get you strapped in," Nobu says as he sits you down 
in the chair and begins fastening the 5-point safety harness into place. As 
he does so, you finally get a good look of the area. It seems your eyes have 
adjusted to the darkness now, and all four walls are visible with a good 
look. There is a small window above a desk in the far-left corner, which 
does not allow for much light. The fact that it was nighttime made the light 
coming in even dimmer. Something catches your eye on the desk. Is that...? 
It's... an envelope. It says... "TO: Gen. Seka..." ...the rest is illegible, 
maybe even unwritten. Although... It looks more like a fax, or some kind of 
printout. As you look a little further to the right, you see... a roll cage?

"Uh... Is this much protection really needed?"

"Yes, of course! In order to stand the 151,000 jigawatts of electricity, a 
speed of 71,000 MPH, and 37 G's, a roll cage is essential," Nobu says 
cheerfully as he finishes adjusting the harness and pulls it tight.

"W-W-W-H-H-H-H-A-A-A-A-A-A-T?!"

"Don't worry! I've tested it before. I'm sure you'll do much better than Mr. 
McFly did!"

This just isn't good enough. "W-W-W-H-H-H-H-A-A-A-A-A-A-T?!"

As you scream for your dear life, Nobu sticks a bi-directional transmedial 
transceiver-- a "walkie-talkie"-- in your ear. "So we can talk. If... You 
feel that your are capable of speaking."

"W-W-W-H-H-H-H-A-A-A-A-A-A-T?!"

"Well, you'll be on your way now," Nobu says as he pushes your little 
deathmobile forward. When you hit 10 MPH, the turbo boosters kick in. You 
can't hear anything but the engines. A few seconds later, when the 
speedometer reads 57000, a voice crackles over the bi-dir... walkie-talkie.

"You know, I forgot about the story! I'll explain that now."

"W-W-W-H-H-H-H-A-A-A-A-A-A-T?!"

"The day had begun innocently enough. Just like any other, in fact. Sasami 
had cooked breakfast. Tenchi awoke to the relentless bickering of Ayeka and 
Ryoko. It had been just another morning. Until he... it... had arrived. That 
disgusting... thing. It gave Kagato a bad name. Words could not describe the 
immense fear you felt in its presence, let alone in battle with it. As it 
had entered the Masaki property, no one had noticed... What happened, you 
ask?" He pauses for effect, then continues in a whisper. "...ko...ry...oko 
please don't go...!"

"W~W~W~W~W~W~W~H~H~H~H~H~H~A~A~A~A~A~A~A~A~A~A~A~A~A~A~T?!?!"





* * * Masaki Household, Three hours ago... * * *





"Ryoko! Please don't go," Tenchi pleaded. "I know how you must feel, but..."

"How?! How could YOU know?!" Ryoko cried. "You've never been rejected!"

"Rejected? Ryoko, you're a lot of things, but not rejected. I... *We* still 
love you, Ryoko. Please don't leave."

"... You chose Ayeka over *me*!! That little prim-cut princess bitch! 
How'dya YOU think THAT'D feel?! You choosin' her! Well?!"

"..."

"You'll never know! You can't know! How lonely it is... When no one loves 
you..." Ryoko eyes lowered to the ground.

"Oh, Ryoko! Don't you get it?! Had I chosen you, Ayeka would've done the 
*exact same* thing!"

"Yeah, she would've... But you would've chosen *me*..."

"...Ryoko."

"Tenchi... Why Ayeka...?

"Ryoko, please don't make me explain--"

"Tenchi. It's my life... I'd like to know," Ryoko whispered, tears streaming 
down her face.

"Ryoko, I--"

"Tenchi."

"I... Ryoko, I just..."

"Tenchi..."

"...I..."

"Just say it, Tenchi... I don't care what it is. Say it."

Tenchi hesitated, then grabbed her shoulders to her disbelief. "I didn't 
really know *what* to do, RYOKO!! OKAY?! What did you expect *ME* to do?! I 
have YOU, grabbing onto me like I'm sake to you and not letting go! That 
happens every *single* DAY! *Then* I have *Ayeka*, who is generally quiet, 
is nice to me, and doesn't become a damn BITCH when I don't shower her with 
affection!!!"

Ryoko stood in shock as Tenchi realized what he had said. Her lips quivered 
as she digested his statement.

"Oh, god... Ryoko, I'm sorry! I didn't--"

As abruptly as Tenchi had stopped speaking seconds before, his face was 
graced by Ryoko's hand in the most emotional slap she had ever given. Tenchi 
fell back onto his hands and sat there, nose bleeding, in plain shock. 
Almost as shocked as Ryoko. He quickly regained his composure and stood to 
face Ryoko again.

"...Ryoko. I'm sorry..."

"No Tenchi," she whispered, "I'm sorry... for ever having put up with you." 
With that, Ryoko turned away from him coldly.

"..." Tenchi didn't know what to say. This was the worst condition he'd ever 
seen Ryoko in, and it was entirely his fault. He slowly reached for Ryoko's 
shoulder. "Ryoko... Please... I know how it feels to be rejected..."

"HOW?!" Ryoko whirled around and went nose to nose with Tenchi.

"Well... Ryoko, do you remember... when Washu left?"

Ryoko squeezed her eyes closed and tried not to remember. It was too 
painful.

"Do you remember why she left?"

Ryoko refused to answer. <...How can he bring this up...?>

"...Ryoko. I'm sure you remember. 'Tenchi, I can't stand this anymore... 
You... Ayeka... and my Ryoko. It's just too much for me. I'm leaving for the 
academy. Don't expect to see me again.'"

Ryoko's silence continued.

"Now you're doing the *same* thing Ryoko. Just like your mother.

Ryoko bowed her head in shame. "I'm... Sorry Tenchi," she said as she phased 
away.

Tenchi reached for Ryoko as she disappeared. "Ryoko!!" he cried as he fell 
to his knees. "Don't leave me again..."

~~~~~

Ryoko phased in on the path leading into the woods surrounding the Masaki 
Shrine, tears coursing down her face. <How *could* he? Why would he... How 
*dare* he!> She decided to walk the old path. Crying was taking away too 
much of her energy. She walked down the path awhile. ...up to the small 
stream that Tenchi had taught her how to fish at.

She recognized it through the blur of the tears. "Is that... the stream...?" 
she whined as she approached it. She remembered a day from 5 years ago, a 
little while after Tenchi had freed her from the confines of the nearby 
cave. She looked around. It had to be here. She examined all the trees in 
the area slowly and deliberately.


* * *Ryoko's Vision * * *


(inquisitively) "Tenchi... what is this?"

"This? (laughs) It's a rainbow trout."

"Ah, kawaii! (laughs) Rainbow trout! Such a cute name!"

(raises eyebrow) "Uh, cute?"

(seductively) "Yeah! And it's even cuter 'cause of how you caught it! It's 
not afraid."

(scratches the back of his head as the fish begs to be placed in the water) 
"Hey, I didn't notice. You're right."

(laughs) "Tenchi?"

(the fish repeatedly bites Tenchi's hand. Tenchi doesn't notice) "Yes?"

"Can you teach me to fish like you?"

(blushes as he releases the gasping fish into the water) "U-uh, of course, 
R-Ryoko! N-n-no p-problem!" <I don't think I fish that well...>

(blushes) "Thanks Tenchi!" (hugs/glomps) <I'll always love you Tenchi...>

(bleeds from the nose as Ryoko unintentionally presses her chest into his 
face) "Uh... Y-Y-You're w-w-w-w-welcome, R-R-R-R-Ryoko." He knew what she 
was thinking. <...Back at ya', Ryoko.>


* * * Forest Clearing * * *

"T n R forever"

Ryoko ripped the bark away from the tree from where she had inscribed it, 
and then she fell to her knees and sobbed. Never had she been so disgusted 
with herself. <All that glomping drove Tenchi away. Nothing else. That's 
what gave Ayeka the edge she needed to strip Tenchi away from me. If I 
hadn't done all that I'd be Ryoko Masaki right now... But now... Now I'm 
just Ryoko...> And she
couldn't stand it one bit.

Ryoko pulled herself away from the calm, running water and threw herself 
down the path. Past the deserted tracks... past the maple tree... And back 
towards the Masaki Shrine. <I couldn't leave! What was I thinking? Tenchi 
and the others love me way too much!> While in her focused state of mind, 
she forgot that she had been running, and didn't notice the rocks sitting in 
the path up ahead.
Ryoko hit the ground with a loud crash, frightening the birds from the 
nearby trees.

As the dust settled, Ryoko coughed her way back into reality. <I did walk 
out on them though... what'll I say?> "Damn..." Ryoko groaned as she sat up. 
The crash echoed throughout the woods as she looked back down the path to 
see what had tripped her. "Stupid rocks. Can't you find another place to 
gather?" She stood up slowly. The flock of birds that had left the 
surrounding trees was now returning. Ryoko sat down on a nearby log and got 
to thinking about her little accident.

<How could I have caused all that sound? I'm not big enough! ...unless...> 
Ryoko squeezed the the skin around her stomach in several places. <Nope. 
Haven't gained weight. Then that means... there's someone else...!> She 
could sense him now. Slowly, Ryoko stood and scanned the canopies of the 
nearby trees. A red energy gathered in her hands and she squeezed it to 
create her energy sword. <Where is he...?>

"Kagato! Get yer ass out here right now!" she growled, studied every detail 
of her immediate presence intensely. Did he have some kind of cloaking
device? It felt like he was... right behind her! "What...!" Before she could 
turn around, she was grasped and detained from behind by
a huge man. The man pressed multiple pressure points on Ryoko's neck. Ryoko 
screamed as her sword disappeared with a painful crack of electricity.

"If it isn't little Ryoko... what are you doing all the way out here? 
Maybe," the man taunted, "because it's such a nice day, you decided to go 
for a walk."

Ryoko attempted to struggle free, but the man pressed even harder. She 
couldn't summon her energy sword with those points pressed. How did he know 
that? "Who the hell are you, and what do you want with me?!"

"What, Ryoko? You're telling me you don't remember?" the man smiled through 
his sunglasses.

Ryoko turned pale at the man's new tone of voice. "YOU! What the hell are 
you--" Ryoko started to cry. She was cut off as he snapped her neck like a 
twig.

"Figure it out," the man scoffed as her released the limp Ryoko.

Ryoko hit the ground at the man's feet rather painfully. As if the pain 
before hadn't been enough. She tried in vain to see the face of the man that 
had killed her... Why was it so bright all the sudden? Her eyes trailed up 
his legs... and made no further progress. As the darkness embraced her, she 
heard the
disgusting laugh of the man that had imprisoned her in that horrible cave 
750 years before. Ryoko died without knowing why.

"Stupid woman," the man scoffed. Why had she even tried? She should've 
remembered how it was 1000 years ago. She hadn't stood a chance then. What 
made her think she had one now?


................



A large man crouched in the Masaki carrot fields. He was about 6' 8"... 
maybe 320 pounds, judging by the rounded mass near and *above* the
man's belt buckle. (hey, now... keep it clean. I see what you were 
thinking!) The man's face was a scarred mess; a long scar that started just 
over the left eye, along the man's short, wide nose,
and ended on the lower-right side of the his chin was the prevailing 
feature. Most of his immaculate, white teeth had been sharpened,
giving him the look of some kind of demon. His deep, blue eyes gave you the 
feeling that he was more thoughtful than he seemed. He
was wearing what looked to be an old, leather biker vest and a pair of 
sunglasses that could've been taken from Tom Cruise's ample
collection. His tight-fitting black Levi's were a testament to his 
badass-ness, although he did not project this element of his personality
in his speech. If you were to judge him solely upon how he looked, you would 
most definitely be incorrect in your judgement.

He could see the Masaki residence from his position. Few lights were on. 
More could be on than he could see, but the house was about
a half-mile off. The man removed something from his pocket and examined it. 
There was an odd text inscribed on it... Something he
had once heard called English. It read "Personal Field Assistant". <Stupid 
Galaxy Police.> He strapped the watch-like contraption to
his wrist and pressed a few buttons.

"I have located the residence." He tapped his PFA. Then he changed the 
frequency.

<What a piece of crap,> he thought, changing the frequency again. <Just got 
it the other day and it's already malfunctioning. Note to
self: *Never* steal another PFA from a GP officer. Galaxy Police technology 
is much too unreliable. Now, Setsurian Army PFA's...
That's technology to be proud of.> An image suddenly phased into existence 
over his PFA. The image appeared to be a man sitting in
a chair, thoroughly detached from his surroundings. He was most likely lost 
in thought. "Sir, I have located the residence. Orders?"
The image said nothing. The man frowned. Why couldn't this guy just say 
something once in a while? "Orders?" he repeated. He was
already tired of waiting.

"Destroy them all," the image rasped weakly. The assassin's smile 
reappeared.

"Excellent." He loved killing with a passion none could understand. Now he 
had orders to kill them all. How great was that? The
image began to flicker away. "But sir..." the image stopped flickering for a 
moment and the hologram looked up at the assassin. "I
assume you are fully aware that for every assassination committed under my 
services the price of the original assassination doubles."
The image tensed. He heard a sharp intake of breath.

"Yes... Fully aware." The assassin's grin doubled in *it's* size.

"Then we have a deal." The image flickered again and disappeared from the 
assassin's PFA. <I love this job,> he thought as he made his way towards the 
Masaki household.


~ ~ ~ ~ ~


The room was dead silent except for the beeping of an urgent message on 
flash channel frequency 172.416E, which had pertained to
the assassination of Tenchi Masaki and his family.

"Sir!"  The man only dismissed the comment. "Do you *realize* that this 
operation will cost over SEVENTY *BILLION*
DOLLARS, general?!"

General Ivan "Iron Fist" Sekamuto didn't appear to care. "Don't worry 
Lieutenant Fujisawa."

First Lieutenant Koroi Fujisawa of the Setsurian Air Force opened his mouth 
to complain. Sekamuto commanded his silence. "He
won't be coming back," he chuckled. He eyed the envelope containing the 
orders to eliminate the Masaki family sitting on the desk
adjacent him. A thought formed. "Unless..." he thought aloud, "...the boy is 
not as strong as we anticipated." The lieutenant could only
hope that the boy was stronger. *Much* stronger.



~ ~ ~Present... Masaki property carrot fields~ ~ ~



A large man pressed his sword towards Tenchi.

Tenchi struggled under the power of the amber blade. "Who *are* you?! Why 
are you *here*?!" Tenchi choked out from under the
sword. He knew exactly why the man was there. His stupid biker vest gave him 
well enough of an idea.

"Why am I here?" The man chuckled at this. Tenchi didn't find it funny at 
all.

"Why dammit?!" The man's thin smile faded into a horrifying scowl that 
burned through his wrap-around sunglasses into his Tenchi's
soul and sent chills up his spine.

"I'm here... For YOUR *LIFE*!" The man shoved, and Tenchi fell back a few 
steps. The raging man followed up with a quick slash at
Tenchi's stomach. Tenchi recovered just in time to stop the dazzling light. 
As he was about to strike out himself he caught a
Yellow gleam in the corner of his eye. He raised the sword just in time. 
Again the Tenchi-ken fell towards its owner.

"Let us see the end of your life!" the man bit out as he pushed harder. 
Tenchi smirked as he saw his advantage.

Tenchi drove his knee deep into the demon's stomach. The man gasped and fell 
to his knees.

"Now, why don't we see where *your* life ends," Tenchi sneered. For some 
reason the man found this amusing. He got to his feet and
spread his arms wide. Tenchi just blinked for a moment, unable to fathom 
this man's stupidity.

"Go ahead," he taunted. "Take your best shot, *boy*." Angered beyond belief, 
Tenchi cried out and shoved the sword as far forward
as it would go... and buried it in the man's stomach just above where the 
liver should be. The man laughed again. Tenchi stared in
disbelief as the man took a few steps back, leaving the Tenchi-ken behind. 
He examined the wound made by the Tenchi-ken and
laughed maniacally. Tenchi couldn't take any more of this. He didn't 
understand.

"What is so *amusing* about getting stabbed in the stomach?!" he screamed. 
The man, amused by the animosity of this simple Earth
boy, placed his hand over the wound, flinched slightly, then removed his
hand. Tenchi about fainted.

"Another thing, boy," he taunted again, "is that I'm not fully affected by 
lightswords like your Tenchi-ken." A scar had
replaced the hole.

"What?!" Tenchi cried in exasperation. <How am I supposed to *defeat* him if 
I *can't* defeat him with the only weapon I
*have*?> The man laughed again. Tenchi was *still* not amused.

"Now," he mused, "let us *end* our little *game*." The man started forward 
and Tenchi fell back a few steps. As
the man once again raised his sword to strike, Tenchi could feel
electricity coursing through the air. Suddenly, the man was struck by a 
powerblast from the direction of... <Ayeka?> The man was
unfazed. He did not even look in the direction of the proud Jurain.

"Why if it isn't the 'Princess of Jurai'... Miss Ayeka. As long as we're all 
having fun, why don't you join our little game?" Tenchi
blinked for a moment, then came back to his senses.

"No, Ayeka run! He's too strong!" Ayeka shot a worried glance in his 
direction.

"No Lord Tenchi, I'm afraid I can't do that. I have a duty to Jurains as 
their princess, and to you... as your fiancée."

Tenchi stared at her for what seemed like hours, but couldn't have been more 
than a second. It seemed... wrong. Ayeka obviously didn't speak like this 
much. She was very serious, and had an ominous air about her. Something was 
going to happen, and it sure as hell wouldn't be good.

"No... No, Ayeka! You can't!" he cried.

"I must, Lord Tenchi." She turned back to the man.

"Demon!" The "demon" shot an annoyed glare in her direction. He didn't like 
being called that. Oh well... it would only make killing
her more fun. On a lighter note, her attractiveness made glaring at her a 
little easier. Ayeka continued her rant. "You will cease and desist all 
hostile actions and return to
your planet of origin. Or..." she taunted as she brought into existence the 
power logs, "...I shall destroy you." The demon couldn't hold
it any longer. He laughed with all his might. Ayeka turned red immediately.

"You dare insult *me*, demon?" The demon's laughing trailed off. She was 
really getting on his nerves.

"Well, yes I do, 'your majesty'!" He made the last part into an insult. He 
knew how she'd take it. He'd known Jurains long enough.

"Why you...!" Ayeka was in a rage. This man had to die by her hands, now. 
She cried out and sent multiple power blasts in the
demon's direction. She and Tenchi blinked in amazement as they passed right 
through the demon.

The demon again burst into a fit of laughter. This was the most fun he'd had 
in a while. Unfortunately, it had to end. His laughing
slowly turned into coughing and he stopped to catch his breath. After all, 
he
was on schedule. He shrugged mentally and stood a little straighter. He then 
proceeded to cough again. <Uch, Uch!... I guess I should
lay off those Jurain cigarettes... they're killin' me.> Anyway, it was time 
to
take care of business.

"Sorry little princess. Thissis gonna hurt a little," he teased as he began 
to draw in his chi to amass his power, a technique he had
learned from something called a "Chinaman" a few thousand years ago. As he 
grew stronger, Tenchi had decided he'd seen enough.

"Hey!" he yelled. The demon didn't answer. He was still focusing. "Hey!" he 
called again. The demon still didn't notice. He began to
draw his arms back. He looked over to Ayeka, who stood still firmly rooted 
to
her position, not in pride, but in fear. He had to move now.

"Ayeka!" Tenchi threw himself in her direction. It was difficult to move his 
legs. He glanced in the demon's direction again. He could
see a small fireball gathering in his hands. "AYEKA!" he screamed at the top 
of his lungs. She didn't appear to hear him. He was
almost there!

"HEY!" he screamed again. Ayeka did not move. He chanced another look 
towards the demon. It appeared he was about finished. He
continued to run. Why was it taking so long to get there? It seemed like he 
had been running forever. His legs began to tire, and his
energy dwindled, but he dared not stop. His legs felt as if they had been 
set ablaze.

"H-E-E-E-Y-Y-Y-Y!" he screamed again. No one took notice. It was like he 
didn't exist. The demon seemed finished with his energy
gathering. "A-A-A-A-Y-Y-E-E-E-K-A-A-A-A!" he called again. His lungs 
couldn't take all this running and screaming. They also began
to burn. Then everything seemed to slow. The demon propelled his arms 
forward and released his blast. He stared, horrified as he was,
as the energy ball sped towards Ayeka. Ayeka screamed, crossed her arms in 
front of her and tuned away as she was struck with the
ball of energy. An immense white light slowly made itself known then a 
tremendous explosion. Time seemed to return to normal and
Tenchi covered his face and was thrown violently away.

"N-O-O-O!"

Everything went black.


~ ~ ~ ~ ~


<Darkness... Everywhere... Where... Am... I...?>

No answer.

<Hello...? Is... Anybody... There...?>

No answer.

<Why... Isn't... Anybody... Answering... Me...?>

No answer.

<Hello...? Answer... me... ...*please*...!>

No answer.

<ANSWER ME!>

>That's my little Ayeka.<

<H-... Hello?>

>Hello, Ms. Ayeka.<

Ayeka flinched at the use of the prefix "Ms."

>I've been waiting for you.<

<Who... Are you?>

>I am Tsunami.<

<Tsunami? I *knew* I should've recognized the voice!>

Tsunami didn't answer.

<Tsunami...?>

Silence.

<What's wrong?>

>Ayeka... I'm afraid I can't tell you that. I don't know how you'd handle 
>it. It's too early.<

<No, I can handle it. What is it, Tsunami.>

A sigh. >Are you sure you can handle it?<

<Positive, Tsunami.>

Another sigh. Then a pause. >Ms. Ayeka... You... Are dead.<

Ayeka almost died... again. <W-w-what...? B-but I... I was... just going... 
to marry... T-Tenchi...>

>I am deeply sorry, Ms. Ayeka.<

<Don't call me that...!> She began to cry.

>Ayeka, I'm sorry... If there's anything...<

<Anything you can do for me?! What're you going to do? I'm *dead*!>

No answer.

<Tsunami?> Ayeka's voice took on its "classic" worried tone. <Tsunami?>

<HELLO!> she cried to the darkness. <h-he... hello...?>

No answer.

<Tenchi...> she mewed.

Unlike Ryoko, Ayeka died knowing *exactly* why she had died. And that reason 
was...

"T-E-E-E-E-N-N-N-N-N-N-N-C-H-I-I-I-I-!" she cried with all the emotion of 
her now still heart. Once again... darkness prevailed as Ayeka cried harder 
than she ever had.


~ ~ ~ ~ ~


Tenchi staggered to his feet. "AYEKA, N-O-O-O-O!" He screamed. He ran to her 
charred body and fell to his knees speechless. He searched
for life in her eyes... Her deep, beautiful eyes. And didn't find it. At 
least her beauty had not been totally destroyed by the blast. "Ayeka!" he
cried. "Ayeka... Don't you remember our plan... to build a new house, next 
to Dad's? It was a great plan..." Tears welled up in his
eyes. "It was great. Right next to the lake, was it? Yeah..." A single tear 
burned down is cheek. "I'll build it for you someday Ayeka, I will, I
promise you!" He wiped it away. "And when it's done, it'll be great. We'll 
all live there, Ayeka. It'll be the best house
ever." He grasped her left hand and held it between his. "All our planning 
won't go to waste. I *guarantee* it won't. I guarantee it."
He held her hand a little tighter. "I have to go now, Ayeka. I know you have 
to, too." Her kissed her cheek. "I'll always love you Ayeka."

He knelt crying for a moment, her hand firmly grasped in his. He hadn't felt 
this alone since... Since then. Yes... When his mother
died. His mother, and now Ayeka. They had both died too soon. So 
unexpectedly. Ryoko..? Had he felt this way when he found out about her...? 
Yes, he must've... And this... This is what being alone... truly felt like.

"Oh... How tragic. Poor little boy crying over his stupid little girl. 
Pathetic." He laughed evilly at how much he had enjoyed killing
her. How easy it had been to kill the Princess of Jurai. He had to do this 
more often.

Tenchi slowly turned and focused a flaming, hateful gaze into the demon's 
eyes. Then Tenchi stood up, also slowly, and readied his
the Tenchi-ken with hateful intentions. "You bastard," he forced out. "I'll 
kill you for what you've done!"

The demon smiled. Now he had the advantage. "Yes, that's it! Use the rage, 
boy!"

Tenchi slowly advanced on the demon, saying nothing.

"Oh, so *that's* how it's gonna be." He shrugged. Oh well. He kinda liked 
the kid. ...But that didn't mean he wouldn't kill him. Killing was his job, 
and he loved it. This was not something he was particularly proud of, but it 
was what he did, and everybody has something. Anyway, it was time to
continue the battle. The demon raised his sword menacingly. "Well, what's 
taking you so long, boy? Get yer ass over here already!"

"You want it you got it!" Tenchi screamed. He rushed the demon with all the 
strength he could muster. Even with all the emotion he
put into every swing of the Tenchi-ken, the demon easily dodged, blocked, 
and parried his every move. He grew tired suddenly, the sword seeming to be 
made of stone suddenly. His grip loosened, and the sword slid from his 
hands. The demon was quick to strike. Tenchi ducked out of the way right as 
the blade passed through the space his head had been quite recently 
occupying.

"Tired boy? I know you are! I can see it!" the demon snarled. The demon 
brought his foot back to kick Tenchi.

Tenchi rolled to the side and grabbed the sword as the demon's foot passed 
through the air. Tenchi grabbed the foot and pushed up, effectively ruining 
the demon's balance, sending him crashing to the ground. Tenchi rolled to 
the side again and knelt just long enough to regain his breath. He then 
rolled back and then vaulted himself to the ledge behind. He lost his 
balance as soon as he landed. Tenchi fell back to the ground. He thought of 
giving up. Then he remembered Ryoko... and Ayeka. Had they died for nothing? 
No! He would live to fight on for
them, with all the strength and determination of Ryoko and the entire honor 
and pride of Ayeka. With newfound energy, Tenchi stood quickly to face his 
opponent.

"How does it feel, boy? The hate burning inside you," the demon yelled as he 
stood, sword in hand.

Tenchi didn't answer. He could not *afford* to fail now. "SHUT UP!" he cried 
as the demon once again rushed him.

<It's over...> he thought. Tenchi rolled off to the side, and then stopped, 
wheezing, gasping, *begging* for air.

The demon saw it and did not advance... yet.

"Is that it, boy? Is that all you have?" the demon sneered.

Tenchi was too busy gasping for a certain nitrogen/oxygen mixture to speak.

"Well, it's time to end our little game, boy." The demon smiled. He had 
enjoyed their battle. "You've got to be going... to a *funeral*!" he hissed 
as he propelled himself into the air and raised his sword.

Time seemed to slow again. Tenchi slowly looked up and saw the light coming 
down, as if it was a light from heaven striking him down. <This is it...> he 
thought. He gathered all the strength he had and focused it into raising his 
sword.

"D-I-I-I-I-E-E-E-E!" the demon spat as he came down upon Tenchi.

Tenchi yelped as the hot blade came with an inch of his face and connected 
with the Tenchi-ken with a sharp "zat." The Tenchi-Ken was thrown aside.

"Well, well, well... It appears that we don't have a weapon... If I had 
morals, I probably wouldn't kill you. But... Well, I don't. So I
guess that solves that, doesn't it? Well, for the last time, I say: Let us 
end our little game, boy." The demon raised his sword.

Tenchi knew that he had been defeated. It was over. This was what it all 
came down to. He had lost. In 20 years, it wouldn't matter
how well he had done in the battle. In 40 years, it wouldn't matter how 
close he came to winning. In 60 years, it wouldn't matter how
hard he'd fought. He would be *dead*, and that would be the end of that. 
Wearily, Tenchi got to his feet. If he were going to die, he'd
do it with honor... Honor... What was that anyway?

The demon was not untouched. He may have loved killing, but he wasn't 
entirely without compassion. He knew how this boy, this "Tenchi
Masaki", felt. He had been through this sort of thing before... 26,731 years 
to date, in fact. He let the boy reminisce for a moment.
Then he continued. "Got any last words boy?"

Tenchi thought for a moment. Then he smiled. "Take your best shot... Demon."

The demon laughed. It was really too bad that this kid had to die. He had a 
great sense of humor. "Well then, I guess we'd better
continue with this assassination."

Tenchi looked a little worried, but then recomposed himself. He already knew 
he was going to die. Being a wuss wouldn't help him. "If we must," he said 
flatly. It didn't come out as forcefully as he had hoped.

The demon cracked his neck and raised the sword again.

"I'll see you in hell, demon."

The demon, caught off guard for a moment lowered his sword. Then he regained 
his composure. "Sure thing, boy," he agreed.  The demon lashed out with the 
glowing sword.

Tenchi's eyes went wide. <Is... Is this really happening...?> Tenchi tensed 
as the amber entered his chest, just above the left pectoral muscle. This 
new, searing pain slowly made itself apparent, then burst into a 
full-fledged burn that somewhat reminded Tenchi... of something... he 
couldn't quite make sense of anymore. What had it been...? When had it 
happened...? ...Why had it happened...?


* * * Forest Clearing, Tenchi's Vision * * *

"Mommy? What is this thing?"

"This?" (smiles) "It's a rainbow trout."

(in awe) "Rain... bow.. chrout?"

(laughs) "Close enough." (releases fish into the water)

"Mommy? Can you teach me to fish like you?"

(blush) "I don't think I fish that well..."

(begs) "Please mommy?"

(smiles) "Well... okay. The first..."

(from the porch of the newly-built house) "Achika-sama! Tenchi-chan! We've 
got to leave now if we want to make it to the park on time!"

(starts) "Oh no! The picnic!" (stands up) "Just a second, Nobuyuki-sama! 
Tenchi, I'll teach you later. We have to go, ok?"

(laughs) "Of course mommy! Let's go!"

(picks Tenchi up) "Here, I'll carry you." (strains) "Wow, you're getting 
big!"


* * * Masaki Carrot Fields * * *


A few final thoughts entered Tenchi's mind as the demon removed the sword 
and he fell to his knees. He looked down and touched the wound. He brought 
his hand up and studied it. It was completely soaked in blood. He'd figured 
the heat would've cauterized it, but it obviously hadn't. His next and final 
thought faded as he exhaled his final breath. "Mother... I've failed you..." 
Tenchi's head hit the ground with a dull thud at the demon's feet as a flock 
of birds took flight from atop the Masaki shrine.

The demon looked down and scoffed. "That was *too* easy." He kicked the 
lifeless body at his feet a few times just in case. On the last kick, the 
body rolled over. He leaned down to inspect it. You never can be too 
careful.

The man grabbed the boy's chin and moved the head to the left, then to the 
right. That would've set him off. He let go off the face and checked the 
boy's pulse. Nothing. "Feh. He's dead." As he turned to leave, the body 
seemed to twitch. The demon swirled around. The body didn't move. He leaned 
down to expect it again. There was still no pulse. He performed the "move 
the face test" again. He assumed this would make him flinch if he was alive 
in any way. Nothing. "Yep. Yer dead..." While he was saying it, the body 
twitched again. "What the..." The man leaned a little closer. Suddenly, the 
departed Tenchi reached up and grabbed the man's vest. Stunned, the man 
instinctively grabbed the hand and attempted to free his now-soiled vest 
from the blood soaked hand. Then the dead man spoke. "no... matter... 
what... i... promise... to... kill... you... ... bastard..." The bloody hand 
quivered for a moment, then Tenchi's face turned white. As the
hand relaxed and released the vest reluctantly, the man fell back onto his 
hands. <What the hell... was *that*?>

As always, the darkness prevailed.


Two hours later


"Uhhh..." Kiyone groaned as she forced her eyes to open. "Mihoshi...?" she 
whined. It hurt to talk. What had happened? She glanced
slowly around until she found what she was looking for: A blonde mess of 
hair. "Mihoshi...?" she whined again. Talking this time
hurt more than she had anticipated. She couldn't talk too much more. 
"Mihoshi...?" she coughed. That was all she could say. No more
talking... It hurt *way* too much. As she crawled her way to the blonde 
menace, Kiyone found that she had broken her left leg doing
whatever she had done before she had blacked out. It definitely hurt, but 
she didn't care. She kept crawling. She rolled the blonde
over. She was unconscious... No... She was... Asleep.

Kiyone had to laugh, even through the pain in her leg and chest. "Well 
Mihoshi... At least *you'll* never change." But she had a black eye. How'd 
she get that? This led her to the recurring question... What had happened? 
As this question echoed in  her mind, she had quite the disturbing 
flashback.


* * * Kiyone's Flashback * * *


Kiyone leveled her blaster at the demon's head. "It... It's..." Her body 
shuddered at the sight of the man who had tortured her for
hours on end... had tormented her... beat her.... The sight of this horrible 
gathering of bone and sinew more than repulsed her. She couldn't gather the 
piercing words she had practiced over and over for hours on end every night 
for the past 10 years, the speech she had planned that would accompany this 
horrible *thing* to the grave.

"A1 CLASS CRIMINAL KOZUYA! YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO REMAIN SILENT!" Mihoshi 
screamed for her as she also leveled her PP93i at his skull. She sounded 
really pissed, and she had a right to be. Kiyone had told her about what had 
happened early in her career, somewhat hoping that she would have someone to 
talk to. She mentally patted herself on the back for allowing herself to 
gather the energy to inform Mihoshi of this man's crimes against her mind, 
body and soul, although she found it rather pathetic to do so. Now they had 
a job to do, and they would do it well, even if they were killed in this 
confrontation to end all confrontations.

The demon swiveled his body around and met the burning eyes of the two 
agitated Galaxy Police Detectives. "Why if it isn't Mihoshi
and Kiyone... How nice to see you." He gave Kiyone the once over and licked 
his lips. "Kiyone, you're looking better than ever,
babe. Have you been working out?" He paid particular attention to her upper 
body. "Yeah... You're a hotty now. Much better than
you were ten years ago. Oh, if I could have you now..." The demon thought 
about this for a moment. <You know... I really could.>

These words were the most disturbing she had ever heard, and proved to be 
the straw that broke the camel's back. She couldn't find the words to 
express her insurmountable distaste. Her mouth agape with quivering lips, 
she must've resembled a fish, dying, and without air, dying with the little 
dignity that it could. For years she had hidden away the feelings and 
experiences she had had during the time she was held as a prisoner; as a 
*toy*. She couldn't hold it anymore... She could feel... no. She could *see* 
her world breaking down around her.

"How about it Kiyone," he taunted. "Go back to the Sakiryuu and have our 
night together?" He loved manipulating girls.

Kiyone finally summoned the words. "ANYTHING YOU SAY CAN AND WILL BE USED 
AGAINST YOU, ASSHOLE!" Not quite her speech, but better than nothing.

The demon was surprised by her outburst. He thought he had been controlling 
her well. "Really? Well, then I can say whatever I want. You don't have any 
proof."

She knew there wasn't any proof. It had all been destroyed, along with the 
victims, witnesses, prosecutors and defense attorneys, had he needed one. In 
spite of the evidence (for lack of a better word), she continued anyway. 
"YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO A PIECE OF SHIT ATTORNEY! IF YOU DON'T *HAVE* ONE, 
TOO BAD! YOU'RE NOT GETTING ONE!" She was crying now.

Mihoshi lowered her blaster and looked at Kiyone. "Oh, Kiyone!"

Kiyone was about to burst. She turned to meet Mihoshi's inquisitive stare 
slowly. "Yes, Mihoshi?" she gritted out through her teeth.

Mihoshi gulped. She rethought the situation, then decided it was okay to say 
what she had thought about. "That's the speech the Earth police use! We 
don't use the Miranda rights in the Galaxy Police! You must want our Bokuto 
Precinct part time jobs back!" Mihoshi smiled as she finished.

That was the last straw. Kiyone lowered her head and clenched her fists. 
"Oh..." she replied, rather sarcastically. "Mihoshi? Are you hungry yet?"

Mihoshi brightened at this. "Of course Kiyone! I mean, it is almost 
lunchtime, and I didn't finish my rice at breakfast because of Washu's 
experiment, and... Kiyone...? What are you doing?" Mihoshi recognized this 
look. She had gotten it when she had ruined their jobs at Burger Mart.  It 
was time to run.

"Get back here, Mihoshi!" Kiyone screamed as she tore around the shrine at 
light speed chasing her.

"No, Kiyone! I don't like knuckle sandwiches!" Mihoshi cried as she 
scrambled up into a tree to hide.

Kiyone climbed the tree after her. "Don't worry Mihoshi... It's not going to 
be a knuckle sandwich... It's not lunchtime yet... It's today's special, and 
a cereal too," Kiyone growled, climbing closer to Mihoshi.

"..Fist... Flakes?" Mihoshi whimpered as she climbed further up the tree.

"DAMN SRTAIGHT!" Kiyone spat as she tackled Mihoshi out of the tree.

"K-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-N-N-N-N-E-E-E-E-E-E-E-E!"

"SHUT UP!"

They hit the ground with a loud thump. Kozuya could do nothing but laugh as 
Kiyone choked Mihoshi until they both passed out.

"Morons," he chuckled as he pulled out his Horizon Scanner and looked back 
to the Masaki household.


* * * ~ ~ ~ Two Hours Later: Washu's Dimensional Lab, Hospital Sect ~ ~ ~ * 
* *


"... Ten... chi..."

"Wha-... Who's... there...?"

"Wa...u don...en him y... ...e does... ow wha... appenin..."

"..Father?"

"Wa... 's com... ut of it!"

"Ten...ma...?!"

"...Tenchi-sama? ...Sasami?"

"Hey, Te... ney...n you... ar me...?

"Washu?"


. . .



-------------------------------


The Final Corridor:

Part One


--------------------------------


Did you like this one? I know you probably thought my story was 
predictable... Please tell me what you think. Send Q's & C's to 
glaces_carrot@hotmail.com. I can often be found on IRC in #TenchiFF and 
#TenchiRPG under the nicks: Ayeka-sama, Cabbit_Ayeka, Kaichou_Carter, and 
Shikujiru_Ikazuchi! VISIT www.tmffa.com ALL THE TIME! Thanks for reading! 
Read part two...







--------------------------------


The Final Corridor

Part Two

The Glittering Sky Above

--------------------------------


...coming soon!

