Notice to all who care.  I do not own any of the charecters mentioned, they are the 
exclusive property of AIC/Pioneer.  This is only (poorly written) fiction and should not 
be treated as official Tenchi Muyo material.  Any and all constructive criticism welcome.  
As a final note, please don't sue me, I work retail, I have no money.

Quiet Angel
A Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction by Mason Beranger
	
	The golden sunlight of the rising sun had just begun to creep over the horizon, 
making its presence known over the tops of the trees that surrounded the home.  The only 
sound that could be heard was the gentle sliding of one of the house's doors as it was 
opened by Katsuhiro.  
	"Tenchi, wake up, it's time for practice," the old man said as he shook Tenchi 
awake.  He jumped back as Tenchi sleepily tried to push him away.
	"Ryoko how many times have I told you.Oh, sorry grandpa," he said, blushing 
with embaresment.  "I thought you were Ryoko," the old man merely chuckled and told 
him to get dressed and ready for practice.  Tenchi followed his grandfather out to a small 
clearing behind the family shrine.  Practice began and he soon forgot all about Ryoko and 
Ayeka.  
Leaves quietly rustled in the forest behind Tenchi, as Ryoko phased into existence 
so she could watch morning practice.  Ryoko giggled and ran her tongue over her teeth as 
she watched Tenchi.
	"What are you doing?!" came a harsh whisper from behind her.  
	"What does it look like?  I'm watching Tenchi," she hissed.  "But I'll bet a little 
princess like you would never stoop to such things," Ryoko laughed quietly as she 
watched the reaction that got out of Ayeka.
	"Just because I'm not a little, little, tart like you doesn't mean that."
	"Doesn't mean what?" interupted Katsuhiro.  "Practice is very important, now run 
along," he said.  The two girls glared at him in silent protest, but finally relented and 
walked off.
	"Thanks.  I don't know what it is with those two," Tenchi said, an exasperated 
look on his face.  
	"I don't think either of them knows why they act that way either, but enough of 
that, back to practice."  After several hours of Kenjutsu practice it was finally time for 
breakfast.  Tenchi ran back to the house, up to his room, and quickly changed clothes.  
"I'll take my bath right after breakfast," he thought to himself as he rushed downstairs.
	"Good morning sweetie," Ryoko said as she latched onto him from midair, nearly 
knocking him down the stairs as he lost his balance.
	"Knock it off!" Tenchi shouted as he fought his way out of her grip and down the 
stairs.  He finally made it to the table where breakfast had been laid out, and the rest of 
the family was quickly gathering.  Ayeka, Washu, Mihoshi, Kiyone, everyone was there, 
which meant that a fight was inevitable.  Tenchi only hoped that he would be able to 
sneak away before the fighting got too fierce.  The talk over breakfast was pretty standard 
for a while.  Washu was blathering on about her latest invention, Ryoko was telling 
Tenchi how much she loved him, and Ayeka was telling Tenchi that she loved him more.  
Tenchi just tried to make pleasant conversation with any one that would be quiet long 
enough to listen.  After the noise of breakfast was over Tenchi walked outside to try and 
relax., something that was never easy to do at his house.
	"Can't we all just get along?" Tenchi said to himself with a quiet chuckle as he 
walked onto the back porch and sat down.  "I just can't understand why the two of them 
fight so much.  It's beginning to make me sick of both of them."
	"Hi there, mind if I join you?" someone asked from behind.  The voice made 
Tenchi jump out of his chair, worried that it might have been Ryoko or Ayeka.  He was 
relived to see that it was Kiyone.
	"Not at all.  I could use some company right now."  Tenchi said, and in truth he 
was right.  It seemed like all the girls that were interested in him were so busy fighting 
that they never did anything with him.  They never talked with him, only at him.  
	"What were you thinking about?" Kiyone asked as she took a seat on the porch 
next to him.  
	"Oh nothing much, just Ryoko and Ayeka," Tenchi replied.
	"Those two.you know what, just don't think about them for a while.  Pretend 
they don't exist.  You've been under a lot of stress lately and it's time the both of them 
left you alone for a while.  In fact, I think I know just what to do, we'll let Washu play 
with them for a while, just for today, I'm sure she can think of something to keep them 
off your back.  You just sit tight, I'll be back in just a minute."  Kiyone got up and 
walked into the house.  Tenchi could hear her talking to Washu for awhile, then heard 
Washu's best mad scientist laugh, the one that sent chills down his spine, and Kiyone 
came back out.  "Our problem's all taken care of," she said as she looked into Tenchi's  
eyes.  "Now, where were we?"
	"I don't think we were anywhere in particular," Tenchi said, a look of relief in his 
eyes.  For the first time in what seemed like an eternity he felt relaxed.  He looked at the 
forest and took in a deep breath, feeling all his tension melt away.  He was here, and no 
one was fighting, or yelling, or doing anything. 
	"Feel better?" Kiyone asked as she watched the satisfied smile creep across his 
face.
	"Yes, lots, what did you have Washu do to them anyway?" he asked.
	"Oh nothing, it won't scar them, it'll just keep them quiet for a while," she 
replied.
	"That's good," Tenchi said.  Then he turned and looked at Kiyone.  She was just 
sitting there, with him, enjoying the view, she wasn't trying to force him to do anything, 
or badgering him, she was just sitting there, enjoying his company.  "Have you ever done 
this before, watching the forest I mean?" Tenchi asked, trying to find something to talk 
about.  The silence was beginning to make him a little nervous.
	"Not for a while, I used to do it a lot while I was in space.  I would sit in the 
cockpit, lock Mihoshi out of it and just watch the stars go by.  There's something about a 
quiet scene.  I don't know how to describe it, but I always feel better whenever I get a 
chance to just sit down and relax,"  Kiyone said, this time she turned to face Tenchi.
	"Yeah.I used to do this a lot before everybody came.  I haven't had a chance to 
in a long time,"  Tenchi turned and looked at Kiyone, she was just sitting quietly and 
staring into his eyes.  The two of them sat there, lost in the moment for what seemed a 
long and pleasant eternity.  Neither noticed as Sasami crept up behind them and gently 
whispered in Kiyones ear, "Time for dinner," and that was all they needed.  Tenchi and 
Kiyone got up and walked back into the house.  Ryoko and Ayeka were already seated at 
the table, along with Washu, who was quieter than usual.  Ryoko and Ayeka were glaring 
at each other, but both perked right up as soon as they saw Tenchi, and rushed up to be 
the first to hug him.  They elbowed, and tripped, and grabbed one another, until they both 
fell on Tenchi at the same time.  He could hear Kiyone quietly laugh as she sat down next 
to Mihoshi at the table.  Dinner progressed the same way as breakfast.  Ryoko and Ayeka 
argued, Mihoshi talked with Sasami and Washu, but both Kiyone and Tenchi were much 
quieter than they had been that morning.  They just stared into each others eyes as they 
ate.  Tenchi talking with Ryoko and Ayeka occasionally, and Kiyone finally being nice to 
Mihoshi for a change.  When dinner was over Tenchi and Kiyone helped Sasami clean 
up.  They could both hear Ryoko and Ayeka grumbling about how nice the two of them 
were being to each other.  After they finished cleaning up Kiyone went upstairs to her 
room.  
	"Tenchi, you seem a lot happier then you were this morning," Sasami said to him.  
"Did something fun happen without my knowing it?" she asked with a knowing grin.
	"Yea," Tenchi said quietly.  "I'm just not sure how to describe it," he finished, as 
he looked down at one of the few other people he felt comfortable talking with.
	"Tell me if anything else fun happens Tenchi," Sasami said to him.
	"Okay, I'm going to bed now.  Goodnight."  Tenchi yawned and began heading 
up the stairs. He climbed up the last stair and turned the corner to the left.  As he did so 
he noticed that the door to Kiyone's room was open.  Quietly he walked up to the door 
and looked inside.  Kiyone was lying on top of the sheets in her GP pajamas, quietly 
breathing.  Tenchi could only watch her as she slept peacefully.
	"My quiet angel," he thought to himself as he went to his room, shut the door, and 
went to sleep.  

That's it.  Hope you enjoyed it, this is my first fan fiction, so they should hopefully get 
better as time goes on.
