Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo. AIC/Pioneer owns them.



The Flame


Prologue: Present Day

We all have trials to go through in life. One after the other in an endless 
cycle of repetition. Just ask twenty-two year old Tenchi Masaki. He could 
definitely tell you some of the trials he's been through in his life and make 
ours seem so puny. One trial that he was afraid of was choosing between all of 
the girls in his household. He had finally made up his mind to choose three 
years prior to the current time. He now regrets for having waited so long 
because he could have already had a longer life with the woman that he loves.

The Past...Three Years Ago...

It was just another normal day at the Masaki home. Ayeka and Ryoko were busy 
fighting over Tenchi and he was trying to get out of it, as always. He then 
realized that he had been acting silly. He wanted to tell her that he loved her, 
but he just didn't have the courage to do so. Ever since she landed on Earth his 
thoughts were only of her, but he had to conceal his feelings, due to the other 
girls in the house that liked him. He decided that that day would be the day 
that he would reveal his true feelings. No more running away from the truth that 
was buried deep inside of him. 

"Argh! You bakemono! Give that back to me!" shouted an infuriated Ayeka.

Ryoko was flying around with Ayeka's headpiece in hand. "Come and catch me...if 
you can!"

Ayeka was still chasing Ryoko around when Tenchi entered the family room. He 
shook his head knowing that it was useless to try and reason with them. He 
personally didn't want to know what was going on in the first place, so he 
escaped upstairs, unnoticed. 

He went into his room and locked the door behind him. He needed time to think of 
a plan of how he was going to confess his love to the woman that he loved the 
most. He sat down at his desk and started writing all of the things he wanted to 
say to her. All of the thoughts were running fluidly from him as he wrote. He 
knew everything about her. She was his angel. He walked downstairs so that he 
could talk to both Ayeka and Ryoko.

He walked towards the both of them and they seemed to be in some heated 
argument. He split them apart gently as he stepped in the middle of their fight.

"I need to talk to both of you. You first, Ayeka-san," he said. She nodded as he 
guided Ayeka towards the front door, so that they could talk outside.

Ryoko wanted to know what was going on, but she didn't want Tenchi to get mad at 
her. She just sat there and waited for him to tell her when it was her turn. He 
had stayed outside with Ayeka for thirty minutes. Ryoko was becoming annoyed. 
She wanted to know why it took so long as she saw them finally come in. She 
noticed that Ayeka had a distressed look upon her face. Ryoko sighed, thinking 
that she was probably going to get yelled at for the fighting of that day.

"Ryoko, it's your turn now," he said.

Ryoko grimaced in fear. She didn't like getting yelled at, especially by Tenchi. 
She walked outside with him awaiting her doom, but instead she felt a hand 
slowly caressing her cheek. She looked up at him in surprise.

"Tenchi, what are you doing?" she asked curiously and fearfully.

"Well, I'm doing something that I should have done a long time ago," he said.

"And what is that, Tenchi?" she asked.

Tenchi had the whole paper memorized, but just looking into her golden eyes made 
it simpler to say the words that he wanted to say, without all of the other 
gibberish getting in the way.

He pressed his forehead against hers and looked directly into her eyes. "I love 
you."

Ryoko backed away from him. She looked at him with confused, child-like eyes. 
She loved him dearly, but she never expected him to love her back. She took a 
few more steps away from him. 

"No, you can't love me! You must have gone mad!" she cried out.

Tenchi just stepped closer to her and pressed her tightly against him. "Ryoko, 
if I've gone mad, then I've gone madly in love with you."

Ryoko felt the tears spilling down her cheeks. She couldn't believe that her 
dream had come true. Tenchi loved her. She felt like celebrating, but was too 
weak from her love sickness to actually move.

"I love you too, my Tenchi," she whispered softly. She then gave him a feral 
grin, which made him gulp. She laughed at his reaction to the playfulness, which 
she administered towards him.

As she snuggled deeply into him, Tenchi let out a happy sigh. He also couldn't 
believe that he was holding the woman he loved while she knew it. Everything was 
falling into place.

"Ten-chan?" she said quietly.

"Yes, Ryoko-chan," he replied.

"Where will I be sleeping tonight?" she asked.

Tenchi's face turned red. "Well...err...umm..."

Ryoko laughed at his reaction once more. She loved to get him riled up; she 
thought that it was cute. 

"I mean, will I be sleeping on the rafters, the couch, what?" she asked again.

Tenchi could see where this was leading. "Ok, fine, you can sleep in my room, 
but just sleep, no other things, ok?"

Ryoko sighed. "Alright."

They both walked back into the house hand in hand to find that everyone had gone 
to bed. Ryoko had a very naughty idea in mind, but she didn't go through with it 
because Tenchi wouldn't let her sleep in his room if she did. She would get him 
to loosen up about it eventually.

They both walked into Tenchi's bedroom and changed into their nightclothes. 
Ryoko just phased into an oversized T-shirt and a pair of boxer shorts. Tenchi 
wore a similar outfit, but his shirt wasn't as large. They both climbed into bed 
and held each other as they slept.

The next morning they both woke up to the sounds of Sasami beckoning everybody 
to go to breakfast. Tenchi was the only one to actually get out of bed. Ryoko 
wanted to sleep in as usual. Tenchi chuckled at her as she pulled the covers 
over her head, attempting to drown out the sound that Sasami was making.

Tenchi pulled the covers off of her and she grumbled. "Wake up Ryoko-chan!"

"I don't wanna," she muttered under her breath as she threw the covers back over 
her.

"Food is ready. If you don't wake up, you'll upset Sasami-chan," he informed 
her.

Ryoko grumbled again, but she got up this time. She phased into her blue and 
yellow striped dress. She had a look of hard annoyance on her face as she walked 
out of the bedroom with him.

"Ten-chan?" she said sweetly.

Tenchi noticed the tone in her voice and he gulped. "Wha...what is it?"

"You owe me. Big time," she said sternly. He gulped again at her insinuation and 
she laughed heartily.

They all settled down at the breakfast table when Tenchi noticed that Ayeka was 
missing.

"Hey, Sasami-chan, where's Ayeka-san?" he asked, puzzled.

Sasami looked at him sadly. "She's upstairs in our room crying. I asked her what 
was wrong, but she wouldn't tell me."

"Sasami-chan, I think that I will have a talk with her after breakfast. I think 
I know what's troubling her," he said.

"Oh, would you Tenchi-niichan? That would be a big help for me. Oneesama refuses 
to leave her room, even for meals," she said.

"As I said, I will talk to her," he replied.

"Arigato, Tenchi-niichan," replied Sasami.

Tenchi smiled at her. "You're welcome, Sasami-chan."

Tenchi looked at Ryoko pleadingly. "Ryoko-chan, please do me a favor. When you 
see Ayeka-san, act compassionate towards her."

Ryoko narrowed her eyes at him. "You're going to owe me so much by the time this 
day is through."

Sasami's eyes had grown large at the obvious term of affection that Tenchi was 
using on Ryoko. "Umm...Tenchi-niichan, why did you call Ryoko-neechan that?"

Tenchi then realized that Sasami had heard him. "Ca...call her what?"

"You called her Ryoko-chan," said Sasami.

"I did, didn't I?" he said nervously, scratching the back of his neck.

"Ten-chan, why don't you just tell her? I mean, the whole family is bound to 
find out sooner or later, so why don't you get it over with as fast as 
possible?" asked Ryoko.

Tenchi smiled at Ryoko. "You're right, Ryoko-chan. Arigato."

Ryoko smiled back at him. "No problem."

Tenchi then turned his attention back to a befuddled Sasami. "Sasami-chan, I 
told Ryoko-chan that I love her last night."

Sasami's expression went from confused to joyful. She went up to them and gave 
them a group hug, but then was a bit saddened by the fact that her sister was 
upstairs crying because of it. She pulled away from them, frowning slightly.

"Is that why my oneesama is crying upstairs about?" asked Sasami.

"Yes, Sasami-chan, that is exactly why, but I will talk to her, I promise you," 
he said, trying to cheer her up. Sasami nodded and smiled again. Everyone went 
back to eat their breakfast.

'Fortunately, oto-san isn't home right now. He'd be crushing all of my bones,' 
thought Tenchi.

After breakfast, which included only Tenchi, Ryoko, and Sasami, Tenchi went to 
Ayeka and Sasami's room to try and talk to Ayeka. He had spoken to her the night 
before, but she didn't want to understand. He knew that she was being stubborn, 
but this had to stop. He walked towards the door and knocked on it.

Tenchi heard a muffled voice answer. "Who is it?"

"It's Tenchi. May I come in?" he asked.

"I guess," replied the emotionally distressed voice.

Tenchi entered the room and saw Ayeka on the ground weeping. He sat down next to 
her, trying to make her feel a little better about the whole ordeal.

"Why Tenchi-sama, why?" she asked between sobs.

"Because I love her Ayeka-san. Don't you understand that?" he asked.

Ayeka wiped her tears unsteadily. "Yes, I do. Unfortunately, I do."

"Then why can't you accept that I do love her?" he asked.

"It's because I just wanted it to be me," she replied, shakily.

"Ayeka-san, I...I can't help the way I feel. I'm sorry, but I love her and 
nothing can or will change that," he said as calmly as possible.

"I see Tenchi-sama. I need to be left alone now. I will come down for dinner 
though, so could you tell Sasami-chan that I will be at the table tonight?" she 
asked quietly.

Tenchi smiled warmly at her. "Sure, Ayeka-san."

"Arigato, Tenchi-sama," she said, trying to smile.

Tenchi got up and left the room, closing the door behind him as he went. He 
walked downstairs to find Ryoko there waiting for him with a concerned look on 
her face. He walked up to her and took her hands in his and held them tightly. 
She squeezed back, but she was still concerned about how things went. She 
motioned for them to sit down on the couch. Once they were seated, Ryoko started 
asking him about his conversation with Ayeka.

"How'd she take it?" she asked.

Tenchi shook his head. "Not so good. I can tell that she was using a great deal 
of her strength to prevent herself from screaming and calling you lewd names in 
the process."

"That sounds like Ayeka. I just hope that she feels better, well, at least by 
tonight," said Ryoko.

Tenchi began to chuckle and Ryoko narrowed her eyes at him. "What's so funny?"

Tenchi continued chuckling. "Oh, nothing much. I'm just amazed that you're 
actually concerned for her. I thought you wouldn't care even if she was upset."

Ryoko's eyes narrowed themselves even further. "Hey, I can be sympathetic if I 
want to. I don't have to ask for your permission."

Tenchi stopped chuckling and put an arm around her. "I know and I'm proud of you 
for being so. You really have grown up since you came here."

Ryoko gave him a saucy look. "And what exactly is that supposed to mean? Hmmm??"

"It just means that you've matured, that's all. Speaking of which, you haven't 
tried to seduce me in the past year. Are you sick or something?" he asked with 
mock concern smothering his voice.

Ryoko's saucy expression turned into a seductive gaze. She leaned towards 
Tenchi's ear.

"Ten-chan?" she whispered hotly.

"Ye...yes?" he asked nervously.

"You still owe me," she said seductively into his ear.

Tenchi gulped audibly, but Ryoko didn't care this time. She began to nibble on 
his right ear and made purring sounds to go along with it. Tenchi was about 
ready to lose all of his self-control. He found her movements intoxicating. He 
had no doubt in his mind that he wanted her, but he didn't want to rush things, 
no matter how enticed he was, he was still going to wait. 

'Wait a minute. I haven't even kissed her yet, have I? Well, one kiss couldn't 
hurt any,' thought Tenchi.

Tenchi turned his face towards hers, making her curious in his actions. He 
leaned his face towards hers and kissed her. Ryoko was happily surprised, so she 
deepened the kiss by adding a little bit of tongue. When Ryoko tried to unbutton 
his shirt, he backed off. Ryoko just sat there with a confused look on her face.

"Ryoko-chan, I'm not ready for that yet. I want to wait for a while before it 
happens, ok?" he asked, trying to make her understand.

Ryoko had a babyish look on her face. She stuck her lip out and pouted. Tenchi 
though that it was cute, but he wasn't going to give in that easily. Seeing that 
his expression was unchanging, Ryoko sighed and nodded. 

"I have to go to the fields now. I promise that when I get back we'll spend some 
more time together," he said lovingly.

Ryoko embraced him. "You had better or I'll make you do something that you're 
not ready for."

Tenchi's face turned scarlet. "Hey, that's not fair."

"Ten-chan, nothing in life is fair," she smirked.

Tenchi shook his head. He was thankful that he didn't have to train with his 
jiichan that day because he knew that he wouldn't have been able to concentrate 
all too well. He gave Ryoko a quick hug and then went off to the fields.

As soon as Tenchi left, Ryoko teleported to the onsen to bathe. When she got 
there, she phased out of her clothing and stepped into the warm water. She was 
just relaxing as soon as she heard someone else come in there. She turned around 
to see Ayeka there, still dressed, glaring at her. Ryoko was confused, so she 
didn't question her. Ayeka walked up to Ryoko and grabbed her hair, pulling on 
it hard. Ryoko turned around and slapped Ayeka right across the face.

"What the hell is your problem?!" snarled Ryoko as she rubbed the sore spot on 
her head.

"You are my problem as always! How dare you steal Tenchi-sama from me?!" she 
shouted.

Ryoko looked pissed. "Steal him?! Listen little ojo-sama, I didn't steal him 
from anyone. As far as I'm concerned, he was never yours to begin with!"

"He is part of the Jurai Royal Family and by legal right, he is mine," she 
smirked.

"We're not on Jurai right now! So get your high and mighty attitude out of your 
ass and take a look at what planet you're on!" Ryoko yelled.

Ayeka glared at her more harshly. "That isn't the point! You must have seduced 
him into believing that he is in love with you!"

"I didn't do anything Ayeka! If you don't believe me, ask Tenchi himself!" she 
shouted.

"Why should I do that?! You've probably twisted his mind so much that lying 
would become second nature to him!" Ayeka growled.

Ryoko was furious. She was fed up with the accusations that Ayeka was throwing 
at her. She got out of the onsen, dried off and phased back into her clothing.

She walked up to Ayeka, sneering at her. "I'm sure that Tenchi would love to 
hear this." Ayeka's face paled as Ryoko teleported them both to the fields. Once 
they got there, Ryoko walked to where Tenchi was, dragging Ayeka behind her.

Tenchi turned and saw them coming towards him. He smiled, but then he saw the 
way that Ryoko was pulling on Ayeka. He frowned at what she was doing and walked 
up to her.

"Ryoko! What do you think you're doing?!" he asked.

Ryoko had expected this reaction. "Ten-chan, Ayeka has been acting really nasty 
to me. She was accusing me of twisting your mind and seducing you into falling 
in love with me. Now, if you truly do love me, tell her that it isn't so!"

"First off let her go, so that I may speak with her," said Tenchi.

Ryoko complied and let Ayeka go. Tenchi walked up to Ayeka and shook his head. 
"Why can't you just let it be?"

Ayeka had tears forming in her eyes. "Tenchi-sama, that woman is evil! She's 
drawn you in and I'm just trying to help you."

"Ayeka-san, Ryoko is not evil. I love her very much. She never twisted my mind 
or made me fall in love with her. That was my own doing. I have loved her for a 
long while now. I do love you, Ayeka-san, but not in the way that you would have 
hoped. I don't want to see you two fighting about this ever again. Is that 
clear?" he asked.

Ryoko nodded and gave Tenchi a soft smile. "Hai, Ten-chan."

Ayeka looked at her once rival and looked at the ground in defeat. "Hai, Tenchi-
sama."

Tenchi smiled with relief. "Good. I would like you both to at least try and 
tolerate each other."

Both girls nodded and Ayeka walked off back to the house. Ryoko walked up to 
Tenchi to see if he was mad at her.

"Ten-chan, are you mad at me?" Ryoko asked fearfully.

"I was Ryoko-chan, but now I understand what was happening. You didn't have to 
hold her like that though," he said.

"She pulled my hair in the onsen though! I was just trying to get even," she 
said, pouting.

Tenchi pulled Ryoko into a hug. Even if he wanted to, he could never stay mad at 
her. Ryoko snuggled into his chest and sighed contentedly. She pulled back and 
gave him a sweet smile. Tenchi smiled back at her as he cupped her face in his 
hands and kissed her gently. Ryoko was the one to pull back from the kiss first. 
Tenchi looked confused, but then Ryoko went up to his right ear to whisper 
something.

"Ten-chan, I don't care if you're ready. I want you tonight. I need you," she 
whispered gently to him.

When she pulled away from his ear, Tenchi's face was red. She giggled at his 
reaction, but was not ready for what was going to happen next. Tenchi grabbed 
her off guard and kissed her deeply and forcefully. When they pulled away, Ryoko 
was in a slight daze. When she regained her senses, she gave him an evil look.

"You're not getting off that easy," she said.

Tenchi smirked at her. "Oh, I don't want to. I was just giving you a small 
preview of what to expect for tonight."

It was Ryoko's turn for her face to turn red. She turned around in order to 
cover the massive blush that was growing on her skin.

"You actually want to?" she spat out, nervously.

Tenchi embraced her from behind. "Yes," he whispered into her ear.

The redness on Ryoko's face would not go away. She had never expected Tenchi to 
be so forward. 

Tenchi then let go of her. She turned around to face him, with her face still 
tainted with a little bit of redness. Tenchi caught it and chuckled. "I never 
thought that I could make you blush!"

"I need to go inside now," she managed to choke out. She speed walked back to 
the house in order to spare her from more embarrassment. Tenchi was laughing at 
the scenario. He then calmed himself down and went back to work.

Once back inside the house, Ryoko made a visit to Washu's lab. She wanted to ask 
her whether she and Tenchi were compatible or not. She opened the lab door and 
called out Washu's name.

"Washu! Hey Washu you in here?!" she hollered.

She walked further into the lab and looked around. The lab was huge with many 
different sections and levels. 'She could be anywhere,' thought Ryoko.

Ryoko had her back turned from one of the machines in the lower level of the 
lab. A shadow crept upon her from behind and put a hand on her shoulder, which 
startled her. She turned around and was face to face with Washu.

"Oh...umm...hey Washu! I needed your help with something," said Ryoko.

"No! Not unless you call me Washu-chan!" replied Washu in an annoyingly childish 
voice.

Ryoko face-faulted. She hated calling Washu that because Washu was over twenty 
thousand years old. To make her happy though, she would comply.

"Okay, Washu-chan, I was wondering if you would help me," Ryoko said as sweetly 
as possible.

"What is it that you need Ryoko?" Washu asked cheerfully.

"I was just wondering...are Tenchi and I compatible?" she asked.

"How do you mean?" asked Washu.

"I mean...can we have kids together?" she asked once more.

Washu's eyes widened. "Oh...I have a machine that can help you find out. Would 
you like to try it?"

Ryoko nodded. She followed Washu to a different section of her lab, which was 
still in the lower level. Once they got there, Washu pointed to the machine that 
was supposed to help her. She looked at the machine, noticing that it wasn't 
very large in size, but that it was actually very small. 

"Umm...Washu-chan, how is that small thing supposed to help me?" asked a very 
skeptical Ryoko. 

Washu rolled her eyes. "It's so small because all it does is take a blood 
sample."

Ryoko's eyes widened in fear. "Oh no you don't! I hate needles!"

"It's not gonna prick ya! It's a laser beam, which automatically takes the blood 
from you," said Washu.

Ryoko's fears dissolved. "Okay, as long as that's all it does." She walked up to 
the machine and put her arm out to it. The laser detected it and drew the blood 
from her. She didn't even feel a thing.

"Wait, don't you need a blood sample from Tenchi?" asked Ryoko.

"Nope. I've already collected plenty of blood samples from Tenchi. Now, to 
connect the two samples to see if they are compatible," said Washu.

She put the two samples, which were in test tubes, into a machine next to the 
machine, which took Ryoko's blood. That machine was small as well, but it was 
circular in shape. It was spinning for a while until a little green light went 
off. Washu then took the tubes out of the machine and put them into a freezer. 

Ryoko looked impatient. "Well?"

Washu walked up to Ryoko. "It looks like you and Tenchi can have children, but 
there will be some problems. If you come to me once you find out that you are 
pregnant, then I can take care of the problem."

"Arigato, Washu-chan," said a smiling Ryoko.

"No sweat, Ryoko," said a grinning Washu.

Ryoko walked out of Washu's lab and back into the family room. She looked at the 
clock and she noticed that it was an hour before dinnertime. She went upstairs 
to Tenchi's room to tell him the good news. She knocked on his door and he 
permitted her into his room. 

"Hey Ryoko-chan!" greeted Tenchi, happily.

"Hello, my Ten-chan," she said sweetly.

"Did you need to tell me something? You look very happy," commented Tenchi as 
Ryoko sat down on his lap.

"Well...I went to see Washu and I asked her whether we were compatible or not," 
she said.

"Are we?" he asked curiously.

"Yep!" said a gleeful Ryoko. "Aren't you happy Ten-chan?"

Tenchi smiled at her. "Of course I am! I always wanted to have a family with 
you."

"I love you," she murmured as she cuddled up next to him.

"Me too," he whispered as he pulled her close.

The two of them stayed in his room for the rest of that hour cuddling and 
kissing some. After the hour was up, they both heard Sasami call everyone down 
for dinner. They got up off of his bed, shared a kiss, and then left his room. 
They made it to the dinner table before anybody else did. They had both decided 
to announce that they were together to everyone that night. Once everyone got 
there, they all sat down and began to eat.

Tenchi then stood up. "May I have everybody's attention please?"

Everyone stopped what they were doing and looked at him. Tenchi then proceeded. 
"Yesterday I did something that will change most of our lives forever."

Tenchi looked at Ryoko and smiled. She smiled back and squeezed his hand. The 
group's eyes widened, minus Washu, Sasami, and Ayeka, at what they had just 
witnessed. Tenchi cleared his throat and began to speak again.

"Well, as you see, yesterday evening I told Ryoko that I love her," he said 
smiling.

Everyone was shocked into silence for five minutes. The first one to break the 
silence was Tenchi's otou-san, Nobuyuki.

"My son has finally become a man!" cheered Nobuyuki with tears running down his 
cheeks.

Everyone face-faulted at how Nobuyuki was reacting. After a while, the rest of 
them gave Tenchi and Ryoko their congratulations. Nobuyuki gave both Tenchi and 
Ryoko bear hugs. Sasami hugged them both at once. Washu patted Tenchi on the 
back and gave Ryoko a short hug. Katsuhito shook his grandson's hand and gave 
Ryoko a gentle hug. Next was Mihoshi, who crushed both of them into a great, big 
bear hug. Then came Kiyone, who gave them both separate, gentle hugs. Last was 
Ayeka, who hugged Tenchi and surprised Ryoko by hugging her.

"You take good care of him Ryoko," said Ayeka with a tearful smile.

Ryoko smiled softly at her one time rival. "Hai, ojo-sama."

Once everyone got back to the table they had all resumed to eating their meals. 
Everyone complimented Sasami on another delicious meal and once they were all 
finished, Tenchi helped Sasami clean up and then they both went upstairs to 
their rooms to go to bed. Tenchi wasn't tired though. Once he entered his room, 
he saw Ryoko just sitting on his bed waiting for him.

Tenchi walked towards her and embraced her. They both found themselves falling 
backwards onto the bed. They began to kiss passionately until Tenchi pulled 
away.

"I don't know about this Ryoko-chan. I'm still not ready," he said.

Ryoko sighed. "Fine, Ten-chan. We'll wait, but earlier today I thought you said 
that you wanted to."

"I know Ryoko-chan, but I honestly didn't know what I was thinking," said 
Tenchi, ashamed.

"Listen, Ten-chan, we can take it slowly and build up to it, or we can get it 
all over with tonight," said Ryoko.

Tenchi looked over the choices Ryoko had given him. As soon as he was about to 
tell her his decision, Ryoko whispered something surprising in his ear.

"I want to have your baby, Ten-chan," she had whispered.

Tenchi then made his choice to make love to her. He began to kiss her again 
passionately. While he was doing that, he began to slip her shirt off of her. 
Ryoko pulled away from the kiss and looked at his eyes with need. Ryoko then 
pulled off his shirt and they resumed kissing. Tenchi's hands found their way to 
the single knot of her wrap skirt and untied it. Ryoko's hands moved towards the 
rest of Tenchi's clothing and removed them slowly. Before Tenchi could do 
anything, Ryoko broke their kiss and moved up to his ear.

"Ten-chan, please be gentle, it's my first time too," she whispered. Tenchi 
nodded his head and moved to kiss her forehead as she slowly wrapped her legs 
tightly around his waist. Soon enough things got going and Tenchi and Ryoko 
found themselves in pure ecstasy.

A few hours later, they were both sprawled out on the bed naked. Ryoko had damp 
hair clinging to her sweaty forehead. She was pressed up against Tenchi 
comfortably under the covers. Tenchi had his arms wrapped around Ryoko's 
shoulders. His eyes opened slightly to see Ryoko's serene face before him. He 
smiled and embraced her tighter as he fell back to sleep. 

Tenchi woke up before Ryoko the next morning. He turned to her face and kissed 
her gently on the lips, in an attempt to wake her up. To his surprise, she did 
wake up. She opened one golden eye and saw her lover smiling at her. She opened 
the other eye and smiled back at him. She scooted towards him and planted a soft 
kiss on his right cheek.

"I love you," she told him softly.

"I love you back," he said to her, smiling gently.

The two lovers embraced, knowing that they would always live this kind of life 
together. 

They both got up, eventually, and got dressed for breakfast. They both went 
downstairs with happy smiles on their faces. They knew that ever since that 
fateful night together, their lives would never be the same again; they never 
wanted it to be.

Epilogue: Present Day

Tenchi and his wife Ryoko, now both twenty-two years old, have a child. They 
named their daughter Hisui after Tenchi's mother. The child has cyan hair with 
black streaks in it, which almost look like stripes. She has all of her mother's 
feral features, only that her hair is shoulder length and wavy. At two years 
old, little Hisui already has a full head of hair. She is also taller than most 
toddlers her age are. 

Her godmother, Ayeka, who is now twenty-eight years old, is now married to a 
Juraian nobleman. She also has a one year old child of her own, who's name is 
Maya. Maya looks exactly like her mother expect with blue eyes. 

Mihoshi and Kiyone are not married, but are dating two GP officers. Sasami, now 
thirteen, is going to school on Earth. Washu is the same, as she always was. 
Katsuhito is teaching Tenchi of how to become a Shinto priest for the shrine. 
Nobuyuki is now less ecchi than he used to be and is now a very overprotective 
jiichan of his granddaughter, Hisui. 

One piece of news was interesting for this family at present. Ryoko found out 
recently that she has a sister, but what surprised her the most is that her 
sister is Nagi. Nagi stopped chasing after Ryoko and became and very good aunt 
to her niece, Hisui.

On the overall scale of things, life for the people of the Masaki home is 
wonderful and it was all because of the decision Tenchi had made three years 
ago.




End




A/N: Well, I hope that you all enjoyed my little one shot piece of fan fiction 
here. If any of you are wondering why I did the ending that way, let me explain. 
I truly didn't feel like going into too many details for this particular story. 
I titled the story as such because the decision that Tenchi made caused a chain 
reaction, thus creating a flame of hope for the future and in turn the other's 
futures turned out just as well as his. As we can see, his decision has caused 
an absolute peace throughout the whole family. As for the love scene, the reason 
I did it that fast was because they had already known each other for a very long 
time and that they didn't need to wait. Also, for those who thought that Tenchi 
was behaving OOC in this fic, here is why. The way I have set things up in this 
story is not supposed to make Tenchi shy because not only did I not want him to 
be, but also because I believe that he has reached a level of maturity, so that 
he can be more intimate with a woman and not get as nervous. Well, anyway, 
please review this story and I hope that you enjoy my other fan fics as well. Ja 
ne! 





     

 

     

