******************************************************************************
Title: The Flock Brothers  Synopsis: The Gang Meets The Famous Leaders Of The 
Notorious Black Bokken Gang!  Section: Regular  Author: F.T.W.  Email: 
Neoburnr@aol.com 
******************************************************************************
-To Start Things Off, You May Notice I Don't Make Mention Of Any Of My Other 
Original Characters In The Next Series Of Stories. Much Like The OAV And TV 
Are Almost Totally Different So Are My Stories! Also when ever you see "" 
around text its speaking but if its '' it's written. And as a final note I 
think that no one. Not one fucking person on this Earth besides me and Tic-Tac 
read my stories so this is my last one for real. I'll still write but you'll 
need to email me for 'em. Peace.

It was late. And as dark as it should have been the night was broken by the 
lights of lamps and the sounds of people having fun. It was the time for the 
annual carnival in Tenchi's town. It went a lot like it did last year except 
this year the town was re-introducing their fighting tournament. For years the 
battles were forgotten because of major injuries in the past. But that changed 
with the charity of 3,000,000 yen in the pot! With this kind of dough on the 
line all the towns greatest fighters entered and even a few people who had no 
real prayer. On the side Kiyone and Mihoshi were once again trying to make 
some quick cash with a food stand and the rest of the girls ran a few game 
booths. Tenchi was with Yosho learning more about how to be a shinto priest. 
As the tournament began Yosho and Tenchi both entered. The first few rounds 
went by quickly. Eventually Yosho had to battle Tenchi and whooped him good! 
With that there was only Yosho and a man in a rather unusual attire for the 
area. He dressed in a rather fancy button down white shirt, some black slacks, 
regular tan shoes and a pair of leather grappler gloves. He had his blonde 
hair in long dread locks that were a deep red at the tips. He carried a bokken 
at his side. Yosho sported his shinai as usual and as the battle began both 
men walked towards the middle of the designated arena. They bowed to each 
other and readied themselves for the fight. 

"You seem very young to be fighting."

The new man was indeed very young but didn't speak a word to Yosho but just 
smiled politely. The fight began. The rules were very simple you lose when you 
can't or refuse to continue. Killing was not allowed and neither was magic. 
The fight was very short. Yosho and the new fighter rushed to each other in an 
attempt top end it quickly. As they passed they both drew and slashed. Both 
men connected. Yosho dropped to a knee and the young man held his stomach. 
Yosho submitted. The pot of 3,000,000 yen went to the stranger. He helped 
Yosho up and bowed again. 

"Tell me....how old are you exactly."

The boy gave no word but held up all his fingers. 

"10? Well, well. I must need more training."

Another man dressed in all black walked up behind Yosho. 



"He can't answer you."

"What? Excuse me who are you?"

"I'm his older brother. He's mute. He can speak sign but that's it."

"Is he deaf?"

"No. Just mute."

Yosho turned back to the boy. He was smiling and shook his head. He undid the 
top button on his shirt and revealed a scar that went across his whole neck. 
He made a small gesture with his hands. Luckily Yosho spoke sign. 

"A fire? How unfortunate. What is your name." 

Again a gesture was made. 

"Damian. I am Yosho. Shinto priest for this area."

Damian extended his hand and Yosho shook it. Damian bowed again and turned to 
leave. His brother stayed behind to speak to Yosho. As he was walking Damian 
took about 3,000 yen form the bag of cash he had won and pocketed it. He then 
strolled the carnival until he passed Kiyone's stand. Mihoshi was talking to 
Tenchi and Sasami but Kiyone of course was being the responsible one and was 
ready to take an order. Damian drew a pad of paper and began to write on it. 
He showed it to Kiyone. 

'Two bowls of fried noodles please.' 

Kiyone was more than happy to make the food. Damian took the bowls and handed 
Kiyone the bag of cash. Her eyes grew wide as she saw the bag of money. 

"I...I can't break this."

Damian smiled and gestured his hands towards her. 

"What? I don't speak sign?"

Damian drew the paper again. 

'Gift.'

"A gift?! I...I can't accept a gift like this...you should keep it. You earned 
it."

Sasami, Mihoshi and Tenchi were all staring at Kiyone but didn't make a sound. 


'You look like someone with hard luck. It's a gift. Please take it. I don't 
need all this.'

"I.....yes thank you!"
Damian smiled as Kiyone took the bag, turned and left. A few yards away he 
turned back to see what happened next. Kiyone had closed the shop she was so 
excited. She was celebrating with her friends. He turned and started walking 
and ran into Yosho and his brother. 

"Damian I've been talking to Yosho and we've decided that you should help him 
teach his grandson Tenchi become a great fighter."

Damian nodded slowly. He didn't like the idea of being a teacher but he did 
what his brother said without questioning his reasons. He made some gestures. 

"No, I'm leaving for a while." 

Damian handed him some of the money in his pocket.

"Damian. Your too nice and easy going with money. You should keep some for 
yourself. I mean you must have given that girl at least two and a half million 
yen!" 

Damian nodded happily at the mention of his deed. His brother turned to leave. 

"You'll be staying with Yosho for the time being. See you soon." 

He turned and left. Yosho started to walk. Damian kept stride with him. 

"I've seen that fighting style before. You're a pirate aren't you?"

Damian shook his head.

"A...mercenary?"

Once again he shook his head. Yosho looked down at him. He made a gesture.

"A thug?"

Damian started to make a  long string of words with his hands. 

"Yes I've heard of your group. But to think..such a young leader. Well you 
might as well meet Tenchi and his friends."

He walked Damian over to Tenchi who was still celebrating with Kiyone, Mihoshi 
and Sasami. 

"Tenchi. This is Damian Flock. He will be helping me to teach you as of 
tomorrow."



"Oh hey. I'm Tenchi."

He shook Damian's hand. Damian looked up, smiled and nodded. 

"Now Tenchi's Damian's mute so I expect you to learn sign language."

"Yes. Um, this is Sasami, Mihoshi and Kiyone who I think you've already met."

Damian bowed. 

"Hi! Hey how old are you?"

Once again Damian raised his fingers.

"Wow your about my age then. Heh well nice to meet you."

"Hey. I'm Detective Mihoshi. What's that sword called?"

Damian drew the paper from his pocket and wrote 'La collera di dio' my bokken 
sword. 

"La..collera...di...dio...what's that mean?"

'God's wrath.' 

"Really."

'The night is still young and I think I'd like to see some more of the 
carnival. Until tomorrow.'

Damian handed the note to Mihoshi and left. 

"Well he seems nice enough."

"Yeah. He's kinda cute." 

The next day was a Saturday so practice began pretty early. Again Damian was 
dressed nicely. He kept the basic idea but this time his shirt was red. His 
hair was out of the dread locks and now was tied back but the bangs still hung 
in his eyes. When Tenchi arrived Damian was 'talking' with Sasami. She blushed 
a little and started walking away just before Tenchi got there.

"Hey Sasami what's up?"

"Tenchi...I think I'm in love."

Sasami ran off. Tenchi walked to the shrine where Damian was looking around 
and hadn't noticed Tenchi coming. 


"What did you two talk about?"

'Nothing big. Chit chat stuff.'

"I see." 

"Tenchi! Listen very carefully I'll be watching you practice."

'Practice makes perfect. Actually fighting helps a great deal.'

Damian drew his bokken. Tenchi grabbed his shinai. Damian was obviously taking 
it easy on Tenchi but the student could barely hold his ground. Damian swung 
and thrusted lightly until Tenchi eventually fell backwards and hit the 
ground. Damian shook his head in disappointment. He pulled Tenchi up and 
handed his the bokken. He took the shinai form Tenchi and they prepped for 
battle again. This time Damian could barely hold his own! However he still 
defeated Tenchi.

'I think the shinai isn't for you. A bokken might help.'  

"Ok. I'll try that."

"No! Tenchi must learn the shinai."

Damian shrugged his shoulders and took back the bokken. 

"If you don't mind my asking why did you name your bokken  La collera di dio."

'It has...powers.' 

"What kind of powers?"

'It can draw electric bolts when it tastes blood.'

The lessons ended and late that night Damian was in his room near the shrine 
reading a book. There was a light knocking at the door. He looked up from his 
book and tapped the ground twice to signal them to come in. Then he realized 
these people don't understand so he got up and opened the door. Kiyone was 
standing there with Sasami. He took a step back and signaled for them to come 
in. They walked in and sat down in front of Damian who was once again sitting 
behind a small table. He had a cup of tea and a bowl of soup in front of him. 
He gestured to them as if to offer them some. They both declined. Kiyone 
looked at Damian's clothes and thought he must come form a rich family and 
that's why he didn't need the money. 

"I....I never really got a chance to thank you properly and I.."

Damian put his hand up and shook his head. 



'It's not necessary.'

"But I have to."


'It's alright. I don't need that much money.' 

"But you must have wants."

'Sure but I travel an awful lot so it wouldn't make sense to carry all that 
stuff around with me.'

Damian smiled at Kiyone as she read the letter. It was starting to get at her. 
He was always quiet and he was so nice. She was starting to get angry at him. 
A perfect stranger and a child no less giving her so much money with no real 
reason or thought of reward. She got up bowed and left. He turned his head to 
Sasami. 

'Yes?'

"I just wanted to talk."

'Ok, what about?' 

"I dunno, Just talk. I want to know more about you. Like where are you from?"

'I am from Milano, Italy. But I heard I was born and my parents are from a 
place called Detroit.' 

"Really? Where's Detroit?"

'I don't know.'

"Why can't you talk?"

Once again Damian revealed the scar. Sasami's eyes started to show concern and 
sorrow and pity.

"I...I'm sorry." 

Damian shrugged as if to ask why.

"Why? Because it's so sad." 

Sasami's eyes started to well for some unknown reason. Damian raised his hand 
and brushed them away as they rolled down her cheeks. She looked up at him and 
he was smiling. 

'Never feel sorry for me.'  



Sasami leaned forward and tried to kiss him but he put his hands on her 
shoulders and kept her back. He lowered his head and shook it slowly. 

"Why not? Don't you like me?" 

Damian nodded his head quickly. 

'Sasami I like you a lot but....I just don't think it would be good form to 
kiss you here and now.'

"I guess your right." 

'Let's just stick to talking for now.'

"Yes. Hey yo haven't met my sister or Ryoko."

'Ryoko!' 

"Yes Ryoko she lives with us at Tenchi's house."

'Ryoko. Well you deliver a message for me?'

"Sure."

Damian wrote a message on a piece of paper, melted the end of a stick of wax 
and used it to seal an envelope in which the message was placed in. Sasami 
took it and left. Back at Tenchi's house the usual events were taking place, 
Ayeka and Ryoko were fighting over Tenchi and Kiyone and Mihoshi were relaxing 
and planning on the events for the next day. Sasami tugged on Ryoko's dress a 
little to get her attention and handed her the letter. 

"Hmmm. What's this?"

"Damian wanted me to give it to you."

Ryoko opened the letter. 

'Hello Ryoko, well I didn't plan on meeting scum like you on this planet but 
oh well. Might as well make due. I still have a bounty on your head, and just 
because Nagi couldn't finish the job doesn't mean I can't. Money or no I will 
make you pay for what you did to me!
-Damian Flock, Leader Of The Black Bokken' 

Ryoko crushed the paper in her hand.

"Ryoko what did it say?"



"He's a bounty hunter with a grudge. Don't take this the wrong way anybody but 
I think I'll have to kill him."

"No Ryoko!"

Ryoko looked down at Sasami with a puzzled look on her face. 

"Well Ryoko...you might as well get it over with."

Ryoko teleported form the house to Damian's room. 

"Well hello there. Can't say I remember you. Oh well you want a fight you got 
it!"

Sasami and everyone else came running out to the open field which would soon 
be the fighting grounds. Damian and Ryoko stood a few feet apart. They both 
had their swords ready. 

"Now before we get this started why do you wanna fight me? You don't seem 
interested in money." 

Damian pointed at his neck. She didn't understand but Sasami did. Ryoko 
started the fire that took his voice. Sasami became very mad and clenched her 
fists in rage but didn't make a sound or move. Ryoko and Damian rushed at each 
other just as they met in the middle their swords clashed and Damian bokken 
fell apart. Ryoko laughed evilly and thought she had won. Damian raised his 
fists in front of him. Ryoko flew in for an attack but missed. As she followed 
through with the swing Damian jumped a little and spun around. He followed 
through with a kick to the back of Ryoko's head. She stumbled as the kick made 
her dizzy, Damian charged and dropped flat quick to deliver a swift dropkick 
to her knees knocking her on the ground. He wasted no time on pouncing her and 
started slugging away. Eventually Tenchi pulled him off. Then Sasami ran in 
and began to girly-punch Ryoko because of what she did. Damian was quick to 
pull her off. Ryoko slowly got back to her feet. Damian stared her down but 
she hid behind Tenchi. 

"Tenchi did you see how they doubled teamed me?"

"Yeah I saw it..."

"Hahahahah! The great Ryoko was beat up by children!"

"What did you do to him Ryoko?"

"Nothing!"

"It was you Ryoko! You started a fire and he lost his voice because of it!"

"What?! No I never started a fire in my life! And that's not very nice of you 
to attack me Sasami!"

"I know but....."


Ryoko smiled in a devilish way.

"Oh I get it."

Ryoko turned away as did Damian and they fled the scene leaving everyone very 
confused. The next day went by as it usually did. Sasami cooked while the rest 
of the girls cleaned. Damian stayed in his room writing and reading until it 
was time for practice. Practice went as Damian beating Tenchi down but Tenchi 
was improving. Once again after practice Sasami went to see Damian. 

"Damian do you have a family?"

Damian nodded slowly. 

"Where are they?"

'My brother is away and my sister died a few years ago. I heard from my 
brother that my Mom died a long time ago and I don't know about my dad.'

"I'm sorry."

'So am I. I don't remember my Mom but I keep a picture of her with me. Would 
you like to see it?'

"Yes!"

Damian pulled a locket out from under his shirt and opened it up. Sasami 
gasped. 

'She looked so strong, so noble. But my brother says she was the wisest and 
nicest person he's ever met.'

"Yes, she looks that way...."

Sasami blushed a little and looked at the floor. 

Damian put his hand under her chin and raised her head a little. She looked at 
him and he smiled at her.

'Sasami why do you seem so sad so often?'

"I don't know." 

'I'm going into town tomorrow, you wanna come with?'

"Sure! Hey you still haven't met Ayeka yet."


'No I don't think I have.' 

"Well you will tomorrow!"

Damian nodded. Sasami let out a long yawn. 

'Getting sleepy?'

"Yes."

'C'mon I'll walk you home.'

Sasami nodded and they stood up to leave. Damian walked her home like he said 
he would. When they got there Ayeka and Ryoko were watching TV in the living 
room. 

"Hey come here. Meet Ayeka."

Damian walked in slowly. Ayeka stood up to meet the young man who almost 
defeated Ryoko bare handed. 

"Hello, I'm Princess Ayeka Jurai."

Damian smiled and bowed. He pulled the pad of paper out again.

'Damian Flock Leader Of The Black Bokken.'

"Yes I've heard of you. My family's hired the galactic police to arrest you 
they don't seem to have much luck around here."

Damian smiled and made a gesture like 'oh well'.

"Tell me, Sasami tells me your only ten. If that's true how can you beat Ryoko 
without a weapon?"

Damian flexed an arm as a way of saying he was stronger than she was. Ayeka 
laughed and covered her mouth. Ryoko jumped from her seat. 

"Hey what are you laughing at little miss princess?"

"Oh Ryoko, the most feared pirate in the universe, beaten by a small boy!" 

Ayeka continued laughing and Ryoko continued to grow angry.  Damian smiled at 
Sasami. 

'Where are you and your sister from?'



"Jurai. Ayeka will be the queen someday!"

'Really? That's pretty cool.' 

"I suppose."

'Well, I'm gonna go now. Goodnight.' 

"Goodnight." 

Damian left the house unnoticed by anyone else. Sasami went upstairs and to 
sleep as Ryoko and Ayeka continued to fight. Kiyone and Mihoshi were both 
working so there was no trace of either of them. The next morning Sasami got 
up bright and early and made breakfast very quickly and rushed to Damian's 
house. As she reached the door and opened it Damian was standing there and had 
his hand raised to knock on the door. He quickly changed gestures to a wave. 
Sasami grabbed his hand and ran out the door dragging him behind. Damian ran 
quickly trying to keep up with her pace. She didn't stop until she reached a 
glade in the woods. 

"Tired?"

Damian put his hands behind his head and was trying to catch his breath. He 
nodded quickly. 

"Sorry. I'll walk slower." 

Sasami started walking. Damian smiled and took her hand and started running 
this time. Sasami was quick to catch up and it soon became a race. Sasami 
giggled wildly as they ran. There was a big tree up ahead which Sasami decided 
would be the finish line. After all she didn't want to end there time so 
quickly, she had a lot of plans for the day. Sasami beat Damian by a long 
shot. After that they once again started walking. 

"Hey Damian, why don't you need money?"

'I'm looking for a weed. If I can find it I won't need money.'

"Why?"

'It can cure my neck. They're really hard to get and are only rumored to 
exist. Either way I'll look for 'em.'

"Oh. Well I'll help you!"

Damian shook his head quickly. 

"Why not?"



'It's too dangerous. I don't want you to get hurt. I heard form an arms dealer 
that you have to kill a few monsters to get to it.' 

"So? I'll take Ryo-ohki!" 

'NO!'

"Are you going to look for it yourself?"

Damian nodded slowly with a determined look on his face. 

"Damian. I really like you."

Damian turned his head quickly to face Sasami.  She was blushing but waiting 
for him to do something. He smiled as he often did and took her hand. He 
stopped walking and so did she. Sasami looked down at her hand. When she 
looked back up Damian quickly kissed her on the cheek. Sasami did the same in 
return. She looked at him and they started walking again, holding hands.

"Damian, what was your sister like?"

'She was very sweet from what I remember. She was your age when she died. She 
was very playful. I have a picture of her too.' 

"Can I see it?"

Damian nodded. He drew out his wallet and inside was a picture of him when he 
was about 8, his brother when he was about 17, his sister when she was 10 and 
their mom standing in a garden. They looked very happy but Sasami didn't like 
the picture. The image of Damian's mother still bothered him. The photo 
confused her. 

"Hey I know her!"

'How?'

"Her name is Raime right?"

Damian nodded in disbelief. 

"Yeah I met her once."

'When?'

"About a year ago...."



Damian's eyes grew wide. 

'How? She died 2 years ago. On a cruise ship for her school.' 

"I don't.....know"

Damian looked at the skies. He couldn't believe his sweet sister was doomed to 
wonder space as a ghost. He was relieved that she met Sasami again. If she 
could remember where she saw her maybe he could see her. 

'Where did you see her?'

"I was sleeping and she came in my room in the middle of the night. We played 
on this big ship and in a garden."

'Can you take me there?'

"I don't think so. It was in the middle of space and I don't know how we'd get 
there anyway."

Damian hung his head. He realized what a silly question he had just asked. He 
knew Sasami couldn't him there but.....he had a ship. All she had to do was 
lead him. 

'Hey I got ship.'

"Really?  Then I guess we can go."

Damian's expression instantly changed and he hugged Sasami tightly. They went 
into town like they planned and picked up some food, milk and tea. Damian got 
himself a few pads of paper, some cloth, a tanto and a red ribbon. 

"Why the ribbon?"

'She always liked red ribbons. Best to be prepared. But for the time being...'

Damian tied the ribbon up his forearm and smiled. 

"Damian we may not find her."

'But we might.'

They went back to Tenchi's house to drop off the stuff and Sasami told Ayeka 
what she was doing. Ayeka forbade it of course. 

"Please Ayeka. I'm helping him find his sister."



"No Sasami. It's too dangerous to be in space by yourself."

"But I won't be by myself. Damian will be with me."

"And that's all the more reason. I don't want you alone with that boy. Besides 
space is very dangerous. You might get hurt."

"But you've seen him fight. I'll be okay."

"....yes. Sasami he is a great fighter but still. I'm sorry but I can't allow 
it." 

"Alright."

Sasami slowly walked out the door to meet Damian who was making last minute 
preparations on his ship.  She told him the news. He didn't like it but 
accepted it none the less. 

'Can you tell me where you saw her then?'

"Yes...I think Kiyone called it a ship graveyard."

Damian's eyes grew wide. He's heard of this place before but never really saw 
it. He was too determined to be driven away though. 

'I'll write and be back as soon as possible.' 

Sasami became teary eyed and hugged Damian. He hugged her back and then when 
they let each other go he went into his ship and flew off. For the next few 
weeks there was no word from Damian and Sasami was becoming worried. One 
morning Kamadake received a transmission for Sasami. There was no image but a 
sound. It sounded like a voice but was very electronic. 

"Hello Sasami. I made a machine that can sound out words as I type them so I 
could write so. Space is so cold. I can't believe it sometimes...." 

Ayeka overheard the sound and listened in.

"I'm only about a days time from the graveyard. I have high hopes still. I 
wish you were here. I've seen so many things! It's been a pretty clear flight 
so far. Well if I see my sister I'll be sure to tell her of you. I found one 
of my group members floating in space and if you ever meet him...well, then 
I'm dead. But that's all I have to say for now. Goodbye." 

The transmission ended. 

"At least he's alright. Is there any way to send a message back?"

"I'm sorry Princess Sasami but I can not."


"That's alright. Thank you."

Sasami went back to the kitchen and once again started cooking dinner. Ayeka 
walked in after her.

"Sasami..."

"Oh hi Ayeka." 

"Sasami..are you alright?"

"Yes. I guess I'm just a little worried."

"You shouldn't be. Damian will be fine." 

"I know but still...something is still bothering me."

"Try not to think about it. He'll be back soon enough."

A another week passed and there was no word. Then another week, still nothing. 
On the forth week Damian's ship landed. When he stepped out his shirt was more 
or less torn up. When he got off he went right to his room and didn't bother 
seeing anyone. Later that day Sasami was taking some time to walk around and 
spotted Damian's ship. She ran over to discover it was empty. She then ran to 
Damian's room inside the shrine and saw him reading and extracting something 
from a root with boiling water.

"Damian!" 

She ran to him and he stood up. She jumped right at him and knocked him back 
to the floor. She put her arms around his neck and squeezed him. When she let 
go she realized she had blood on her dress. She stumbled back and jumped back 
up. Damian also stood back up. Sasami then realized that he was bleeding an 
awful lot. 

"Oh my god!" 

'Things were tougher than I thought they'd be. Now I'm glad you stayed back.' 

"Oh my god....oh my god."

Sasami was in shock of how badly he was hurt but acted like it was nothing. 
Damian put his hands on her shoulders to try to get her to focus. He smiled 
and she calmed down a little. 

"Oh....we need to get you help!"

Damian shook his head and pointed at the root. 


'It will heal me. My wounds and my voice. I just need to hold out a little 
longer. It's not as bad as it looks any ways. Please, sit down.'

 Sasami sat in a chair in front of Damian.

"How much longer will that take?"

'Few minutes, maybe 5.'

"Hu, I can't take it. Let's go! I'll take you to a doctor."

Sasami sprung back up and grabbed his hand and started running. She couldn't 
get him to budge this time. She looked down at him with tears in her eyes. He 
didn't move, he just stared at her. It was one of those uncomfortable 
silences. Sasami sat back down. 

'So how's everything been since I left?'

"Alright. Nothing's really changed if that's what you mean."

'Nothing? I've been gone for over a month and nothing's happened. Groovy.'

".........."

'You know Sasami while I was gone I went to Jurai. It's a nice place. Very 
peaceful.' 

"Yes....c'mon Damian drink it now. It has to be done by now." 

Damian looked at the glass of water. It wasn't quite ready but just about. He 
shook his head. Sasami stood up and started to leave, she didn't want to see 
Damian bleed anymore. 

"I'm...I'm going home now. I'll see you tomorrow." 

Sasami left the house. Later that night the root was done draining. Damian 
took the drink in his hand. He thought about not taking it all together. 
However he had to if he wanted to be healthy. He tipped his head back and 
drank it. He almost became instantly drowsy and fell asleep. The next morning 
Sasami skipped making breakfast but instead rushed Washu over to see if she 
could patch Damian up. When they got there Damian was passed out on the floor. 

"He's drunk Sasami. He's not hurt just asleep. I'm sure you've seen Ryoko in 
the same state quite often." 

"Yes but he was bleeding a lot last night."

"Ugh, not so loud. I have a head ache."



"Damian! You can talk!" 

Sasami started to shake Damian to wake him up. When he sat up Sasami ripped 
his shirt open to investigate the wounds.

"Hey! What're you doing?"

"They're gone! The cuts are gone! Wow it really worked!"

"What? Did I miss something?"

"Oh that's right, you two haven't been introduced yet. Damian this is Washu, 
Washu, Damian."

"Hi."

"Hey."

Damian put his hands over his eyes to keep some of the light out. 

"Are you ok?"

"Yeah, it's just bright."

"Well Sasami I don't think he's in any danger. Bye."

"See ya."

"Bye Washu."

"Sasami...I told you I'd be alright. Why'd you bring help?"

"Just in case. I was worried."

"Don't be."

"Did you see your sister?"

"Yes. She had the root."

"Really? Then how'd you get hurt?"

"On Jurai. Some guards....asked about who I was, my family and my mom. They 
were kinda mean. "

"I'm sorry." 


"Heh......so am I. But hey, I got to meet your parents." 

"You did!?"

"Yeah, they were asking me about my momma. They asked about you and Ayeka 
too."

"Really?"

"Of course. They wanted to know how you were, if Tenchi was taking care of you 
and stuff like that. Your dad doesn't seem to like Tenchi that much though."

"I know. He thinks we should hang around with just people of nobility." 

"I like your dad. He seems pretty cool."

"I guess." 

"I really like your mom. She is so nice. She reminds me a of Mihoshi though."

"Ahahahaha! I know. She's just like Mihoshi. Did you meet Aunt Funaho?"

"Yeah. She is so...centered. That's the best way I can put it. Centered."

"Yeah. She tries to stay cool and collected all the time." 

"Well. How's Tenchi been doing?"

"OK." 

"Next time you see him let him know that I'm gonna have to train him a lot 
harder since I've been gone." 

"Ok. Can I come watch next time you train."

"It's not up to me. It's up to Tenchi. If he can concentrate with an audience 
I don't care. If he can't I'd rather you'd didn't."

"Ok. I'll let him know."

"Bye. Oh could you also give him this. It's from your Funaho."

"Of course. Bye."

Sasami ran out of the door with the package in hand. Damian laid back in his 
bed and started laughing. He acted cool around Sasami but he was really happy 
he got his voice back.


"Oh...it's nice to hear myself. Now I won't have to bear the silence when I 
write, or read, or just lay around. This is great."

Damian then remembered what he learned on Jurai. 

"Hello Mr. Flock. My name is Funaho."

'Damian will do fine. Nice to meet you but what's this all about?'

"Well, as you know you are a wanted criminal."

Damian nodded. 

"Well normally we'd simply arrest you and put you to death but we have to make 
an exception."

'Why?'

"Well...your special. One of our guards saw a picture in your wallet while you 
were in a shop. Who's all in that picture?"

'This one? Me, my older brother and sister and my mom.' 

"Do you know your mothers name?"

'I don't remember. But I always called her mom.'

"That is my niece, Princess Sasami."

Damian's eyes grew wide. 

'That's impossible. First of all this is an adult. Sasami's only what 9. And 
my mom died many years ago.'

"No she didn't and she is. Technically. You see that is our goddess. Tsunami. 
Her form is that of Sasami when she becomes 18. Her name was and is Tsunami, 
She isn't dead just dormant on Sasami's ship."

Damian hung his head. He thought long and hard about what he had just heard. 

'Ms. Funaho please help me. I'm confused. I think I've fallen in love with 
Sasami. Is that wrong?'

Funaho smiled gently. 



"Of course it's not wrong. Your mother and Sasami are different people with 
different hearts and minds. You have my consent. Now I suggest you speak to 
her mother and father. I'll take you to see Misaki."

Funaho led Damian through Jurai's halls and to Misaki's room. She was looking 
at pictures of her and Ayeka.

"Misaki."

"Hello Funaho."

Funaho instructed Damian to stay still and she went to talk to Misaki. 
Misaki's eyes grew wide with happiness. 

"That's so cute!" 

Damian just got a puzzled look on his face when Misaki turned to him.

"Your in love with my little Sasami!"

Damian nodded. 

"Are you alright?"

Once again Damian nodded.

"Well say something. I won't hurt you."

As he often did he undid the top button of his shirt and pointed to his scar. 

"Oh I see. I'm sorry." 

Damian gave a hand gesture that meant 'no problem' and Misaki got it. 

"Well if you love her why don't you tell her?"

'I'm confused about that. Ms. Funaho told me that she is my mother or 
something along those lines.' 

"Yes, his mother is Tsunami."

"Really! Well you may marry Sasami. All you need is her father's permission. 
He's the last room down the hall. You should be able to find it but we'll take 
you anyway's."  

Misaki and Funaho led Damian to Azusa's room. They explained the situation to 
him. 

"WHAT!? You! You want to marry Sasami!?"


Damian nodded and had a determined look on his face.

"I will not allow it!"

'Sir I truly love Sasami and am willing to face any test of any sort you may 
have for her.' 

"That's very noble but still. I'm sorry Mr. Flock but I simply can not allow 
a...a common gang leader to marry my daughter. Do you understand? Your from 
different worlds."

'Damian will do just fine thank you. Sir please. Give me some trial. I can 
prove I am worthy.' 

"......fine. I'll take care of this the same way I did that boy Tenchi. I'll 
call in my strongest nobles. You may face them in combat. One match will be 
hand-to-hand and the other you can use that...sword."

Damian bowed. 

"Be prepared. Go to the royal garden. By the time you get there we will 
begin."

Again Damian bowed. He turned and quickly sprinted to the garden. 

"Sure is an excitable boy isn't he?"  

"Indeed. And your new son-in-law. There's something about that child. I think 
he'll pass with ease."  

"Hmm. Perhaps." 

Azusa laughed. Damian got to the garden within two minutes. When he was there 
a very large and powerful man and a tall, thin man were waiting for him. So 
was Azusa, Misaki and Funaho.

"Are you ready?"

Damian nodded.

"Let's begin. Dannu. Crush his bones."

"Yes sir. Nothing personal kid, it's just business."  



Damian grinned and rushed the big man. As he got in punching reach Dannu 
slugged him in the stomach. Damian hit the ground hard. He hopped back up and 
managed to kick Dannu under the chin. A few teeth fell out and Damian was once 
again ready to fight. Dannu laughed and charged. Damian ducked a hard 
clothesline and stepped on the man-beast's heel as he passed. The bone snapped 
and Dannu screamed. Damian ran away a little. He then rushed back and 
dropkicked Dannu in the face. The big man fell on his stomach Damian quickly 
advanced by sitting on the mans back and put him in position to break the 
neck. He looked at Azusa for the order of life or death. Azusa gave the thumbs 
down and Damian quickly snapped the neck killing the monster. Azusa laughed. 

"Good show boy. Now grab your sword and prepare yourself. Fartha, cut him down 
to size."

"You beat Dannu. Good work. But now it ends."

Damain quickly rushed the thin man and he instantly doubled over holding his 
stomach. The thin man then died. IT was a rather quick fight. When it was 
finished Damian was holding his stomach. He was still feeling the affects of 
Dannu's power packed punch. Azusa and his wives walked to Damian. He dropped 
to a knee form the impact. 

"Good work boy. Sasami is yours." 

Damian nodded and struggled to regain his footing. 

"Well where are you going now?"

'The ship graveyard. I've gotten word that my sister's ghost might be there.' 

"Oh boy, chasing a dream. If she's gone she's gone. It's that simple."

'I'm alright as long as I have one to chase. Seeing my sister again would be 
worth everything.'

"Nicely put. Go now. And good luck." 

Damian bowed and left.  He suddenly opened his eyes. They were wet with tears 
as his flash back ended. He still hadn't mentioned it to Sasami. His phone 
rang.

"Hello?"

"Hello. I'm a representative of the Jurian government. I have a message form 
Emperor Azusa. He wants to know if you've purposed to Princess Sasami yet."

"No. No I haven't. And I'm not going to. I'm gonna let her decide who she 
lvoes and not be forced into marriage."

"Then why did you ask of his permission?"

"If she does love me the same way I love her then I would have already gotten 
the emperor's consent."

"Very good. Good bye."



"Bye." 

Damian laid back down and began to stare at the ceiling. What now? 20 minutes 
passed. Sasami came back with Tenchi. 

"Hey Damian. You ready?"

"Sure." 

Damian sat up and they went outside.

"Ok Tenchi one thing you need to learn is how to use everything around you. 
Got your bokken?"

"No, grandpa won't let me use it." 

"Alright. Here." 

Damian brought a bokken he had been hiding from behind a tree. 

"Just don't let Yosho see you use it. I think the weight of a shinai won't do 
you any good." 

"OK."

"Let's begin. To begin, attack me."

Tenchi swung down on Damian but it was blocked by the child's sword.

"Now what?"

Tenchi started forcing the blow in hopes of breaking Damian down. The new 
teacher dropped to a knee but hopped back up with a kick that connected under 
Tenchi's chin and knocked him back. 

"Even though this is a sword fight you can use your hands and feet to fight." 

"Ok."

"Now, try again." 

Once again Tenchi attacked but when he missed he quickly spun around with a 
kick or two. Practice went on like that for a little bit. Eventually Tenchi 
hit Damian in the chest with a kick. The day ended, Sasami went home with 
Tenchi and Damian went back to his room. When he got there Yosho was sitting 
in front of a low table drinking some tea. 

"Welcome home."



"Hello."

"I see you've gotten your voice back. Very good. One thing though. I thought I 
told you not to teach Tenchi how to use a bokken."

"Yes."

"Then why are you?"

"The shinai is too heavy. The lighter bokken lets him attack and defend 
quicker."

"True but which one will last longer?"

"The shinai. It's much sturdier."

"Indeed. The idea is not speed but endurance. Many people can move fast but if 
they can only be fast for a little bit they will lose."

"Wouldn't the heavier shinai weigh him down a bit?"

"Yes but as he gets stronger he'll be able to use it better."

"Understood." 

"Listen, I want you to teach him the shinai and martial arts."
 
"Yes."

Yosho stood and made his way out. 

"Have a good night Damian."

"You too."

Damian sat down at the low table and picked up the book he'd been working on. 
He read through the night expecting an interruption at any second. This never 
happened so he was relieved to be able to finish the story. He then went to 
sleep. The next morning at the Masaki house Hazanka received a message from 
the Jurai Royal palace. 

"Lady Ayeka I am receiving a message form the planet Jurai." 

"Go ahead."

The sound of Misaki's voice came through rather clearly. 



"Hello?"

"Hello? Ayeka is that you?"

"Yes."

"May I speak to Sasami? It's pretty urgent."

"Yes. Hold on a second, I'll get her."

Ayeka left to fetch Sasami. 

"Hello? Mommy?"

"Hello Sasami how are you?"

"I'm fine. How are you?"

"I'm alright. Is your sister there?"

"Yes." 

Sasami looked over her shoulder to Ayeka. 

"Please leave Ayeka. I need to speak to Sasami in private."

"Uh, ok."

Ayeka left the room. 

"Sasami, do you Mr. Damian Flock?"

"Yes. He lives in Yosho's shrine and teaches Tenchi how to fight."

"Well. How do you feel about him?"

"I like him."

"Sasami I know your young still but we've arranged for you to marry Mr. 
Flock."

"..........."

Sasami didn't say anything. She was in deep shock form what she had heard. 

"Sasami?"


"Are you serious?"

"Yes. He hasn't said anything to you yet?"

"No."

"Are you upset?"

"Kinda. I'm upset he hasn't said anything to me." 

"Maybe you should talk to him."

"......ok." 

"Goodbye Sasami. Go now."

"Yes. Bye." 

Sasami raced out the door of the house and towards the shrine. When she got 
there Damian was sitting at the low table with a new book and drinking some 
tea. He looked up slowly at Sasami. Keeping one finger on the book to hold his 
place. He grabbed a small piece of paper he'd been using as a book mark. He 
could see she was mad about something. 

"Um, hi Sasami." 

"Damian why didn't you tell me!?"

"Tell you what?"

"That we're arranged to be married."
 
Damian slowly stood up and walked over to Sasami. 

"I didn't want to pressure you into anything. If you don't love me that's 
alright and you don't have to marry me. If you do then great."

".......I.....I hate you."

"What?"

Sasami started to cry and ran away. Damian pushed his hair back and chased 
after her. She was still faster than him and quickly lost him. She went to a 
small glade in the forest and cried on a rock. 

"How....how could he....do this...to me?"


Sasami started crying harder. After a little bit she cried herself to sleep. 

"Sa-sami.....Sa-sami!" 

Sasami opened her eyes and realized she was lost. She curled up in a tight 
ball on the rock and shivered. 

"Hello?! Help me, I'm lost!"

Sasami yelled out into the air but no one seemed to respond.

"Ehhh Help me!!!" 

Tenchi came out of the forest with a flashlight. It was dark out and hard to 
see. 

"Tenchi!"

Sasami ran towards Tenchi. 

"Sasami what're you doing here? Everyone's worried sick about you." 

"I'm sorry. I ran in here trying to get away from Damian."

"We know. He told us. When he couldn't find you he asked us for help."

"Where is he?"

"He's gone." 

"What?"

"He left in his ship to scan the area."

"Oh."

"He should be back at my house by now."

"I..I don't want to go back. I hate him."

"Why?"

"Because he's been arranged to marry me when we grow up."

"So? Isn't that customary on Juri?" 



"Yes but I really liked him and didn't want to be forced into anything." 

"I understand."

"But...he did say he didn't want to pressure me into anything. Oh Tenchi I'm 
confused!"

"It sounds like he loves you."

"He does......"

"And you love him."

"......yes."

"C'mon let's go home."

When they got back to Tenchi house everyone was very relived to that Sasami 
was safe.

"Ayeka where's Damian?"

"He's...he's not here. He left this letter for you though."

Sasami took the letter and opened it up. She knew what it was. 

'Sasami your right. You have all the reason to hate me. I wasn't honest with 
you and I'm sorry. I'm going back with my brother and my group of thugs. 
Simply because it seems to be what you want, you will never see me again. 
Goodbye. 
-Damian Flock, Leader Of The Black Bokken' 

Sasami felt the tears begin to well in her eyes. She sat the letter on the 
nearby table and went to her room with her head hung low. Ayeka picked up the 
letter and read it. 

"Oh, poor Sasami."

"What? What's happened?"

"Damian's run off. I should go talk to her."

"No. I think she needs to be alone for a little bit to sort her thoughts." 

-The End 

_That's it. I'm now retired. Email me if you want my future fics. 




 


  
