Disclaimer:  I do not own any of the characters of Tenchi Muyo!  They are 
owned by AIC and Pioneer North America.  I did not create them, and their 
use here is strictly for the enjoyment of myself and anyone who gets bored 
enough to read this.  In other words: Please don't sue my poor ass.

Tenchi Muyo!
Flow Endless Dreams-- Part 4:  Children Of Jurai
by the Loneshark

	Akira felt a chill go through his entire body.  He really hated it when 
this man... Kenji, if Akira had heard his name correctly, passed that ray 
over his body.  He'd been told it was necessary in order to "wake up" his 
power, so that he would be able to break the Seal of Eternity.  It sounded 
nuts to him.  Sure, he knew that both of his parents had special powers.  
Even Mayuka had special powers.  But Akira wasn't sure he did.
	The only thing he was sure of was that Lord Tomarou Kai Aisani was 
irrefutably insane.
	"Akira, it is time for you to listen."  The boy sighed, internally.  The 
last thing he needed was more of this man's insane philosophy.  Tomarou sat 
in a chair on the other side of lab, his black eyeballs looking dead ahead 
of him.  Akira was glad that they had at least given him his clothes back.
	"What is this Seal that you keep talking about?  I don't know anything 
about it."  He'd been trying to tell them that for hours, but they never 
seemed to listen.
	Tomarou again appeared undaunted, and continued, "The Seal of Eternity is a 
ward that was put in place by the gods a very long time ago.  Several 
millennia ago."
	Gods?  Did he mean like Aunt Sasami?  A god like Aunt Sasami?
	"It was put in place to hold a very special thing.  A power called the 
Talon of Fate.  The Talon is said to be able to alter the very fabric of the 
universe to the whims of its user.  All one needs is the will to control it. 
  I have that will, but I cannot remove the Seal.  Only you can do that, my 
dear boy."
	"Why me?"  Akira didn't let any fear show through in his voice, just as his 
grandfather Katsuhito had taught him.  "You keep saying that I can break the 
Seal, but I don't believe you."
	Tomarou shook his head.  "It does not matter what you believe, Akira.  It 
was prophesied that you would be the one with the power to break it.  You 
have the blood of two goddess running in your viens, and you have their 
power."  Tomarou stood, and walked over to Akira, looking down at him.  
"Feel it inside yourself, Akira.  You know it is there."
	Akira tried to ignore the madman standing over him, concentrating on his 
parents.  If only there was some way to get out of here, and get to his 
parents, then everything would be fine.  Mom and Dad wouldn't have to worry 
about him.  They wouldn't be in the danger they are in, now.
	Something within him sparked.  Akira's eyes shot open, and he sucked in a 
breath of air.  He had just felt something... but he couldn't describe it.  
It was a feeling in the back of his head, in his spine, and deep within his 
breast.  Something pulsing, breathing.  Awakening.
	Tomarou nodded, and Akira met his black gaze.  "You see, Akira?  You are 
the one I need.  When you break the Seal, my power and my ascension will be 
assured."

***

	"Almost there, eh?"  Washu said aloud.  To most, it would seem that she was 
talking to no one.  She would appear to be an eccentric woman with large red 
hair sitting on a coushin in a dark room.  But, she was talking to someone.
	Her sister, or, the person who had been both her sister, and the young girl 
she watched grow up, appeared out of the darkenss like a ghost, surrounded 
in an aura of Light that few besides Washu could see.  Tsunami looked at her 
sister, slightly frowning.  She knew what this was about, but she had no 
idea what would happen.
	"What is it, Washu?"  She tried to seem polite and calm, as she always was.
	"You know, Tsunami."  Wahu's voice was low, and serious.  Tsunami was taken 
sightly aback.  She'd never heard this tone in her sister's voice.  Not even 
as a goddess.  "You are keeping secrets, again.  You know what I want to 
hear, so please, just tell me."
	"Washu, I--"
	"No."  Washu cut her off, her voice cold and flat.  "No more, Tsunami.  You 
can manipulate the flow of life in this universe all you want, you can 
bestow your power on whoever you damn well choose, and I don't care about 
any of it.  But, when you decide that you are so great and wise that you can 
keep secrets from us, secrets that could potentially be a danger to us, to 
our children, and our grandchildren, then you have gone too far, Sister."
	"I only did what--"
	"I know why you did it, and I don't care.  Tell me the whole story, now.  
The Seal, and the Talon."
	Tsunami tried to find her voice.  She had never thought this would happen.  
Not from Washu.  Tsunami could see that Washu was angry, but there was no 
Darkness in her.  Her Light was stronger than Tsunami had ever seen in her 
sister.  Washu was again afraid for all of them.  Just like a mother.
	"All right, Washu.  I will tell you."  She waited for a response.  There 
was none.  Only waiting.  "Our parents, the ones we have forgotten, were 
responsible for both the Seal of Eternity, and the Talon of Fate.  The Talon 
was just a fraction, a portion of their power.  It was the small piece that 
had destroyed all realities that existed before this one.  It had destroyed 
that reality by creating this one.  Do you understand this, Washu?  
Everything in existence came about only through the destruction of something 
else."  She paused, "How did you find out about the Talon?"
	"I remembered.  Keep going," her tone had lightened, slightly.
	"For a very long time, the Talon of Fate had been allowed to simply be.  It 
was reviered as the last remnant of our parents before their disappearance, 
and no one was foolish enough to even go near it.  Then, someone tried to 
harness it's power.  The damage wrought was incredible.  Tokimi was the one 
to recapture the Talon, and punish the one responsible.  I was too shocked 
by the horror of the Talon to do anything, and you were busy seeking a 
method to seal the Talon away.  It was you who discovered the Seal of 
Eternity.  It required the power of two of us, and you and Tokimi were the 
ones to bind the Talon."
	Washu turned around.  Tsunami hadn't had to have seen her sister's face to 
know that Washu's features were hard as stone while she had been turned 
around.  Now, they were a bit more relaxed.  Washu was beginning to calm 
down, satisfied that Tsunami was finally telling the whole story.  "So, what 
happened to the one who unleashed the Talon to begin with?"
	"Tokimi destroyed their True Name.  Only their deeds involving the Talon 
can be remembered by anyone, but who and what they were is unknowable."
	Washu nodded.  "So, we hid the Talon in this dimension?  Do you honestly 
think Tomarou will not find it?"
	Tsunami stepped forward.  "Was is it you suspect, Washu?"
	She turned back to her computer.  The screen flashed as Washu's hands 
danced over the keyboard.  "While I was going through the records of the 
Hunter's Guild, I found out that Tomarou has been hiring a lot of treasure 
hunters to find this thing."
	"The man Seayo warned us about?"
	She nodded.  "He's really fanatical about finding it.  Are you sure that it 
is well hidden?"
	Tsunami took a deep breath, relaxing.  "Trust me, Washu.  Even if he were 
to find it, it is almost impossible to break the Seal.  They would first 
have to get past the sentinal I have sent there.  Also, it took the power of 
  two goddesses to put the Seal in place.  It would take the power of two 
goddesses to break it."
	"Like Akira?"  Shadow stepped into view.  Washu jumped at the sound of his 
voice, and turned around.  Tsunami remained still, unsuprised by Shadow 
Dog's stealth.
	Any anger Washu held for him disappeared as she immediatly considered his 
words.  "Yes, Seayo.  Like Akira.  Dammit, why didn't I see it before?"
	"Washu, is there any way you can find a picture of this Tomarou?  I know we 
all saw the face of the man who kidnapped Tenchi and Ryoko."

***

	Tenchi sat in complete silence.  He'd always known that one day he would 
have to deal with this.  Since the day of his son's birth, he had been both 
expectant and afraid.
	"So, it's true, isn't it?"  He looked at Hellcat.  The madman hadn't moved 
from his spot the entire time, telling Tenchi all about the Seal of 
Eternity, and the Talon of Fate.  "Akira has inherited my power?"
	Hellcat nodded.  "Yes, Prince Tenchi.  He has both you and your wife's 
power.  Didn't you feel it, inside of him?  Lurking behind that cherub face 
of his, waiting to strike out at the world?"  He leaned forward, just for 
effect.  "He was born with the power of two goddesses.  Just as it was 
prophesied, when the stars were young, by a madman who's name has been lost 
to time."
	Tenchi began to lose himself in his own thoughts.  His son had power, more 
than might be immaginable.  Why?  Why his son?  Why his family?  Just 
because they were given something special, were they supposed to be 
subjected to all of this?
	He looked back at Hellcat.  "What the hell does Tomarou have to do with 
this?"
	Hellcat leaned back, grinning.  His sharpened teeth glinted in the light of 
the blue moon.  "Tomarou serves the very concept and will of the Void.  It 
is Oblivion, the end of all things and the creation of nothing.  We serve 
him, and we serve the End.  If my Lord managed to get the power of the 
Talon, then that would be the end of it.  No more pain, no sorrow, no more 
destruction of everything you hold dear, my dear Prince."
	"That's why he wants the Talon of Fate?"  Tenchi stood up, "Just to destroy 
everything?  That's it?"
	"Brilliant, no?"
	Tenchi's thoughts turned to anger.  "He's an idiot!"
	Hellcat frowned.  "Oh, I see.  You could not understand his vision, could 
you?  You don't want and end to suffering, and pain, and torment."
	Tenchi looked down at him, "If destroying all that means destroying love, 
and joy, and hope, and everything that matters, then it's a stupid vision.  
Your Lord is a madman."
	Hellcat stood, and put his face directly in front of Tenchi's.  He gave the 
man a twisted grin.  "Everything dies.  Love, hope, precious things, all 
die.  You fight for pointless things.  Things that were false to begin 
with."
	"What do you mean?"
	He tilted his head.  "You know.  You wonder why your family is put through 
this, yes?  Why powerful people must suffer this way?  You know why.  All 
because one being wants it as such.  All because of Tsunami."
	Tenchi backed away.  He could feel the blood starting to drain from his 
face.  "No.  No, you're wrong."
	"No, my Lord.  I am right.  Think about it!  Tsunami knew Ryoko would have 
another goddess' power.  Only she could defeat the defenses of Jurai.  She 
could do it again, if she wished.  Tsunami gave you the power of Light Hawk 
Wings.  She has been manipulating bloodlines and Jurai's family for 
millenia, just so you would have the power.  And why?  Just so you could 
kill her sister."
	"Tokimi threatened my family!  Her son was a madman!  If I hadn't done it, 
then everything would have been--"
	"Destroyed!  Yes, you idiot!  Of course it would have!  Why didn't you let 
it?  Then everything would have been so much better!"
	Tenchi started to back away.  "You're insane."
	Hellcat giggled a little, and shook his head.  "No, you are the one who's 
insane, my Lord.  What gave you the right, anyway?  Who are you to decide 
that the universe is worth saving, hmm?  Who asked you to be so damned 
rightous, that you think you can save people, without their consent?"
	Tenchi's fist struck Hellcat.  The illusionist fell back against his rock, 
holding his bruised face.  He looked up at Tenchi, who was towering over 
him, breathing heavily with anger.  Tenchi looked down at Hellcat, and 
growled, "No one will ever harm my family like that.  No one."
	Hellcat spat out blood onto the ground, and looked up at Tenchi, smiling.  
"So, the Prince can get angry?  How cute."  He picked himself up, flinging 
back his hair.  "Impressive hit.  But, nonetheless, it's still Tsunami's 
fault.  If she'd never manipulated the bloodlines, you would have had a 
normal life, Tenchi.  Think about it.  You would have grown up a normal boy 
on Earth, without any of these women coming to your home and complicating 
your life.  You would have never gone through the pain you've been through, 
none of the hardship.  Your son would have been normal."
	"Shut your mouth!"  Tenchi swung again, and Hellcat's form dissipated into 
a whispy cloud.  Tenchi cried out, and tried to regain his balance.  He 
looked around, and saw Hellcat standing a few yards away, his smile gone.  
"That's not true, and I know it.  Even if Tsunami hadn't intended for me to 
recieve the Light Hawk Wings, it doesn't matter.  I'm not sorry for anything 
that happened."
	Hellcat sighed, "Fine.  It seems that I can't convince you.  It doesn't 
matter.  Your son will be instrumental in destroying all you care for."  He 
stepped forward, but stopped out of arm's reach of Tenchi.  "Don't you 
understand, my Lord?  You can do nothing.  Niether you, or your wife can do 
anything about it.  Your powers are useless here."
	"Why?"
	Hellcat smirked, "Don't you feel it?  Go on.  Reach out, feel with that 
great cosmic sense of yours."
	Tenchi ignored the sarcasm in Hellcat's voice, and closed his eyes, 
concentrating.  He reached out with what little power he had left, searching 
for something.  It wouldn't come.  Nothing.  He couldn't feel anything.  It 
was like everything beyond the garden... stopped existing.
	His eyes flashed open, and he stared at Hellcat with disbelief.  "Void?"
	He nodded.  "Yes, Lord Tenchi.  It is Void.  A field of it covers this 
garden, cutting you off from your power.  You are helpless."

***

	Mayuka looked down at the ring in her palm.  It was glowing, again.  It's 
light grew as they got closer to Jurai.  Mayuka could almost feel something 
else within herself grow as they neared the planet.  It wasn't her 
excitement, even though she was very excited to see her Aunt Ayeka and her 
great-grandmothers again.  It was... her power?
	She briefly remembered so many of the things that had happened to her since 
she was young.  Washu and Shadow Dog always seemed to be the ones with the 
most interest in Mayuka's potential.  That was why Shadow always practiced 
with her on using her powers, and the reason for all the tests her 
grandmother would put her through deep in the lab.  It was among the only 
times when her grandmother and adopted uncle didn't argue.  That, and when 
they were eating.
	But now, the power was rising in Mayuka's heart.  She could feel it ebb and 
flow like water against the shore.  She could feel it breathe, and coil 
around the base of her spine.  It was as if there was another part of her, 
one that was just now waking up.
	"That is because there >is< another part of you waking up.  Your birthright 
is finally coming into it's true power."  She stiffened at the sound of the 
voice.  It was him again.
	The Lord of Fallen Leaves was standing beside her, just like he had been 
there the entire time.  He looked at Mayuka with cold blue eyes, two little 
orbs of ice set into the man's skull.  Mayuka kept her eyes on her ring, not 
wanting to look at him.  "What is the matter, Mayuka?  You fear me?"
	There was a long moment of silence before Mayuka could answer.  "No.  I 
mean, I don't... I want to know--"
	"What I am doing here?  Why I am helping you?"  He tilted his head a 
little, to get a better look at her face.  She nodded.  "Hm, I suppose it is 
a bit confusing, isn't it?"  He looked out the ship, into the deep sea of 
space.  "I was a man, once.  I did many things in that time that I am not 
proud of.  One of them was having a hand in the events that took place when 
you were only a child."
	Mayuka looked up.  "You mean... when Mom and Dad... fought Tokimi?"
	He nodded.  "I was weak, then.  A slave to the will of both Tokimi, and my 
master, Hikage Unihasa.  I was little more than a Juraian servant to 
everyone else, but I was also one of the tools Hikage used to attack your 
parents.  He released me from his service shortly before the final 
confrontation, in which Tokimi was put to rest."
	Mayuka wasn't sure what to do.  This man had... been an enemy.  Someone who 
had tried to hurt her family for no reason.
	"Don't be afraid.  I was a different man, then.  I left Jurai after that, 
and in the darkness of space I found the resting place of the Seal of 
Eternity.  I also found the resting place of a dead god.  The god that kept 
vigil over the lost and forgotten things in the universe.  I didn't 
understand what it was, then, and I was unworthy, but the remnant of the 
god's power consumed me, anyway.  It made me into a different man."
	"But, that doesn't explain why you're doing this.  Why you've helped me."
	He smiled.  "Because I am repaying the debt I owe your family, for the sins 
I comitted against them so long ago."  He placed a hand on Mayuka's 
shoulder.  "Don't be afraid, Mayuka.  You're much stronger than that.  You 
have your mother's heart.  And your father's."
	Mayuka backed away.  "How do I know I can trust you?"
	He turned his back, and started to walk away.  "You have to take the 
chance.  If you don't, you'll never be able to save your parents."
	"Wha--"  Mayuka started to say something, but he had already disappeared 
into the darkness.  She felt more confused than ever, now.  She looked down 
at the ring.  The blue glow was brighter, now.  Mayuka felt something in her 
breast stir.  She looked up at the spot where the Lord of Fallen Leaves had 
disappeared, and nodded.  "I won't be afraid, anymore."

***

	"She's learning," he mumbled to himself.  "Maybe this will make the 
Twilight Person's job a little easier."  He leaned back against the wall of 
the ship, watching Shadow Dog pass by him, unable to percieve the god 
completly.  He chuckled as the Guardian stopped for a moment, as if feeling 
something, but then shook his head and continued on.
	"I had wondered what had happened to the young man named Asagi."  He 
turned, and saw Tsunami standing beside him.
	He chuckled, "Heh, so I'm not the only one that's good at that trick."  He 
flung his cloak aside, and bowed his head.  "I am honored to meet you, Lady 
Tsunami."
	Tsunami nodded, "I am also glad to see that there is a new Lord of Fallen 
Leaves.  It has been a very long time."
	"Yes, well, I have been taking my time.  I didn't really want to make my 
presence known in this manner, but the circumstances required action."
	Tsunami nodded again, and then frowned a little.  "You know what is going 
on here, don't you?  What it is that I cannot see?"
	The Lord's demeanor became a little more serious.  "Yes, I do.  I don't see 
why you did not realize it earlier, though."
	"What do you mean?"
	"What is blocking your Sight.  Couldn't you tell?  It is Oblivion."
	Tsunami's eyes widened, and she took a step back.  "But... no.  The 
Priesthood of the Void was..."
	"Banned?  Destroyed?"  The Lord shook his head, "I'm sorry, my Lady.  It 
was not."
	"But... who?"
	"You know the answer, Lady Tsunami.  If you didn't, then you would never 
have sent your child Yosho to the Seal of Eternity.  You know Tomarou will 
also find it.  Unfortunatly, so do I."  He turned, and walked away.  "Until 
our paths cross again, my Lady."
	Tsunami felt a shiver run through her form.  "Mistress?"  Shadow's voice 
echoed inside her mind.  He felt her distress.  "Sasami?  What's wrong?"
	Tsunami calmed herself.  She would have to tell Washu about this, tell all 
of them, but not yet.  They were almost to Jurai.  Now was not the time.
	"It's nothing, Seayo.  Nothing to worry about, right now."

***

	Washu was still working at her computer when they came within sight of the 
planet Jurai.  Mayuka stared out at it, Ryo-ohki sitting at her feet, 
looking with her.  Washu looked up from her work, seeing her grandaughter's 
fascination, and smiled.  "Beautiful, isn't it?"
	She nodded.  "I never thought..."  Washu raised an eyebrow.  "That it was 
surrounded by logs."  Washu resisted the urge to laugh.
	Both of them felt Tsunami approach behind them.  "Yes," she said, her voice 
calm, "That was your father's reaction, when he first saw it."  She looked 
at the planet, and gave a small sigh.
	"What's that, Sister?"  Washu's voice spoke inside her mind.  "Happy to be 
home?"
	Sasami chuckled a little, "No, Washu.  Simply remembering a different time. 
  A different lifetime."  Washu nodded.
	The planet seemed to grow before them as they neared it, slightly 
disorienting Mayuka until the ship broke through the atmosphere, moving 
through the white sea of clouds.  She could see out into forever  in the 
planet's sky.  It was different from space;  space seemed to be a black wall 
dotted with points of light.  This was endless blue, curving with the planet 
as they lowered, but always moving, always stretching, promising that there 
was >something<, anything, past the horizon.
	She could see the green sea below them as it brushed agaist the invisible 
shores of the blue sea.  Endless forest for miles, rising with hills and 
mountains in an endless green carpet, spotted with clearings and meadows 
that she couldn't totally make out.
	"Beautiful," Mayuka whispered.  She could feel the ring, which she now wore 
on her finger, pulse warmly.  It seemed to beat with a life of it's own, 
beating in time with her heart, and the warm, red pulse beneath her breast.  
The pulse of her power.  Both of them told her something, whispering it to 
her heart.
	This was her other home.  The land where it had all begun, and where it 
would continue to return to.
	"There it is, Mayuka," Sasami pointed down at a large tree below them.  But 
this tree was different from the others.  Not just for it's sheer size, but 
because of the building clustered around it's base, appearing to go into the 
tree at some points.  "The Royal Palace."
	The palace came closer.  The ship settled over a large landing platform on 
the side of the palace, and Sasami sighed.  "Okay, hang on tight for a 
moment."
	Ryo-ohki hopped up onto Sasami's shoulder, and miyaed in her ear.  Mayuka 
giggled, and abruptly stopped as she felt her body tingle.  The tingle grew 
into a warm, sleepy feeling all over her body, and the world around her 
became filled with Light.  It only last a few seconds.  As the Light 
cleared, Mayuka found herself standing on the landing platform next to 
Sasami and Washu.  Shadow Dog and Bryant stood on the other end, the latter 
beginning to doze off.  Shadow smacked him in the shoulder, waking the older 
bounty hunter with a start.
	At the far end of the platform stood a young woman in a lavender kimono, 
her purple hair tied back behind her into two very long tails.  Mayuka raced 
up to her, and the woman ran to meet her.  "Aunt Ayeka!"  Ayeka caught her 
niece in a fierce hug.
	"Hello, Mayuka."  Mayuka returned the hug.  Ayeka held back a tear, "Oh, 
I'm so happy to see that you're all right."
	Mayuka let go of her aunt, and looked past her at the other two women 
approaching.  She only got a glimpse of her great-great grandmother Funaho 
as Lady Misaki tackled the girl in a bear hug.  "Mayuka!"
	Mayuka felt her bones crunch.  "Granny... Misaki!  I... can't breathe!"
	Ayeka giggled at her mother, and turned to the others.  Sasami walked up to 
her, and embraced her.  Ayeka returned the hug.  "Hello, Sasami."
	"Hello, Sister.  I'm sorry we took so long in getting here."
	Ayeka let go of her, and nodded.  "Don't worry about it.  The fact is that 
you're all here, now."
	Shadow, Washu and Bryant walked up, and Shadow nodded to Ayeka.  "Lady 
Ayeka, this is my old partner, Bryant.  Bryant, this is the First Princess 
of Jurai, Lady Ayeka."
	Bryant held out his hand, and muttered to Shadow Dog, "Dammit, man!  You 
should have told me we'd be meeting royalty."  Ayeka shook his hand, 
smiling.  "I, uh, I've tried to help as best I could to find your friends, 
Lady Ayeka."
	Ayeka nodded.  "Thank you, Mr. Bryant.  I'm sure that if Shadow requested 
your help, then whatever you could do is usefull."
	Washu broke in, "So, Ayeka.  When do you have to talk to the counsel about 
trying to find Tenchi and Ryoko?"
	A somber wave passed through everyone.  Before Ayeka could answer, Funaho 
spoke, "In about an hour, now."  Everyone turned and looked at her.  
Funaho's bearing was as calm and regal as ever.  She'd always seemed to 
Mayuka to be just what a queen should be.  "Hello, Little Washu.  It's good 
to see all of you, again."  She smiled, and turned to Mayuka.  "And of 
course you, Mayuka."
	Mayuka smiled, and hugged her.  "It's good to see you, Grandmother Funaho." 
  They looked up from their embrace as a lound wave of sound could be heard 
coming towards them all.  Within seconds, the familiar red form of the 
Yagami came hurtling through the cobweb clouds of Jurai's sky, careening 
just slightly out of control.
	Washu sighed, and shook her head, "Looks like Mihoshi's piloting, again."  
Everyone sighed and nodded.  Except Bryant.
	Bryant looked at Shadow Dog.  "Shadow?  Did she say...?"  He couldn't even 
say the name.
	Shadow's smile at the thought of Kiyone's arrival quickly turned into a 
grimace as he looked at Bryant.  "Just wait."
	A hatch opened in the bottom of the ship after its rocky landing, and 
lowered the two Galaxy Police Officers to the ground.  Bryant found himself 
paralyzed with fear as he stared to the form of Mihoshi.  Kiyone and Mihoshi 
walked off the platform, which retreated back to the ship, and approached 
the gathered welcoming party.
	Mayuka ran up to Mihoshi, giving her a large hug.  "Aunt Mihoshi!  Aunt 
Kiyone!  I'm so glad you're both here!"  Mioshi returned the hug.
	"Me too, Mayuka!"
	Bryant contiued to stare gape-mouthed at Mihoshi.  "Sha-Shadow.  That... 
that's..."
	Shadow Dog nodded.  "Yes, Bryant.  It's Mihoshi.  She was one of the women 
living at the Misaki household."
	"We still are, Seayo."  Kiyone walked up to him, and smiled.  "Hey."
	"Hey, Legs."  They hugged, and Shadow kissed Kiyone.  Bryant whatched in 
slack-jawed horror.  The mutt had done it to himself again.  He was in 
another relationship with a cop.  After their embrace broke, Kiyone looked 
at Bryant curiously.
	"Um, Shadow?  Who is he, and why is he looking at me like I have a third 
head?"
	Shadow sighed, "Kiyone, meet my old partner, Bryant.  Bryant, this is 
Kiyone Makibi, Galaxy Police Detective First Class."
	Kiyone held out her hand.  As Bryant shook it, he shook his head.  "Good to 
meet you.  Sorry, but Shadow didn't tell me that he'd fallen for another 
cop."  Shadow gulped.  "You never could resist trouble, could you?"
	Kiyone looked at Shadow, "Um, is he talking about what I think he's talking 
about?"
	Ayeka shook her head at the scene.  "Shadow's gotten himself into trouble 
again, hasn't he, Washu?"
	The red-headed scientist shrugged.  "You know he can't help it.  It's just 
in his nature."  She laughed.  "So, Ayeka, have you talked to Jurai's 
Supreme Council at all about Tenchi and Ryoko, yet?"
	Ayeka looked down, shaking her head.  "No, and I'm worried."
	A small silence settled over everyone, as they all new why she was worried.
	"Hey," Misaki broke the silence.  "Don't let it spoil the moment, Ayeka," 
she smiled, playfully scolding her daughter.  "As long as we're all together 
here, there's nothing to worry about, right?"
	Mayuka nodded in agreement with her great aunt.  "You're right, Aunt 
Misaki.  There's nothing to worry about.  We'll find Dad and Mom and Akira, 
no matter what."  She looked down at the ring on her finger.  It glowed with 
the same warm blue light, the warmth pulsing with her heart beat.  With her 
power.

***

	The worries didn't go away as they stood outside the main chamber of the 
Supreme Council.  Mihoshi sat on a bench beside Kiyone, Shadow, and Bryant, 
nervously biting at her thumbnails.  "Ooh, I can't take it!  When are they 
going to let you in?"
	Mayuka, Sasami, Ayeka and Washu sat on the other side of the outer chamber. 
  Ayeka sighed, and looked at the doors.  "Whenever they are done 
deliberating and are ready for us."
	"And that's still not a guarantee that they'll enact the search," Shadow 
added darkly.
	They had been on Jurai for only a few hours, and already they had to deal 
with this.  Mayuka sighed, and leaned back against the wall.  It just never 
seemed to get any easier, even when it appeared so.  She hadn't even gotten 
to get a good look at the planet before they had to come sit and wait to 
plead their case to the Jurai Supreme Council.  The case to help look for 
Tenchi, Ryoko and Akira.  She looked over at Washu, who typed away on her 
computer.  Sometimes she couldn't see how her grandmother could stay so 
focused during times like this.
	She closed her eyes, trying to calm herself down.  Washu noticed the girl's 
anxiety, and chuckled a little to herself.  "I guess patience isn't a trait 
in our family, is it?"
	Mayuka opened her eyes, and smiled back.  "Sorry.  I guess not."  She 
looked down at her ring.  "I just don't see why only Aunt Ayeka, Sasami, 
Shadow, and me can go in."
	"And I," Wahsu corrected the girl on her grammer.  Mayuka frowned at her 
grandmother's correction.  She always did that.  "And it's because... well, 
we're just not allowed, Mayuka.  We're not royalty.  You are, remember?"
	Mayuka nodded, her shoulders sinking a little.  She'd never been 
comfortable with the knowledge that she was royalty.  She was part of a 
bloodline that had ruled nearly half the galaxy long before anyone alive now 
could even remember.  Anyone alive that she knew, except for Sasami and 
Washu.
	All of them looked up when the large doors of the Supreme Council's chamber 
opened up.  Funaho walked out, a somber look on her face.  It bothered 
Mayuka for a moment, as she had always seen a gentle expression on the face 
of her great-great grandmother.  Never had she seen such a look of... 
uncertiantity.  Funaho looked over all of them, her gaze finally settling on 
Mayuka, Ayeka, Sasami and Shadow.  She nodded.
	"We are ready for you."
	The four of them stood and followed her inside, the massive doors closing 
behind them.  Mayuka was almost immediatly thrown back by the emmense space 
of the chamber they entered.  Surrounding them were rows and rows of seats, 
stretching up the walls of the chamber almost to the very cieling.  In front 
of them, on the far side of the room, stood a raised dias, with two large 
tables on either side of a podium.  There was no roof above the circle in 
the center of the room, throwing all of the surrounding seats and the dias 
into shadow.  The pale center of the room stood empty and foreboding.
	Funaho crossed the room to the dias, and took a seat at one of the tables.  
An older man stood at the podium, dessed in bulky green robes.  Mayuka could 
barely see him, but she was sure his face had never smiled.
	"This meeting of the Supreme Council is called to order.  I am Chief 
Speaker Anrukea.  I speak on behalf of the Council.  Will you please step 
forward."  The Chief Speaker's voice boomed in the chamber, making Mayuka 
want to shrink back.  She raised her head, and followed Ayeka, Sasami, and 
Shadow out into the center of the room, into the light.  She caught Sasami 
look back at her and give her a reassuring smile.  Mayuka nodded, and smiled 
back.
	When they reached the center of the room, Ayeka stepped forward.  "I am the 
First Crowned Princess of Jurai, speaking on behalf of those who seek your 
aid, Chief Anrukea."  Before Ayeka had even finished her sentence, there was 
a comotion of whispers and shouts of suprise among the Council members all 
around them
	The Chief Speaker's voice shot out like a thunder bolt, silencing all of 
the cries.  "Order," he turned back to Ayeka, "Princess, what is >that< 
doing here?"  He lowered his finger at the group, and Mayuka wasn't sure if 
he was pointing at her or Shadow Dog, who stood next to her.
	Ayeka looked back to see whom the Chief Speaker was pointing at, and turned 
back to him.  "That man is Seayo, Prince of Jurai's Twilight Children.  He 
is a member of the royal family, and has a right to take part in this 
proceding."  Mayuka glanced between Shadow and her Aunt.  She'd never heard 
such a tone in her aunt, before.  There was a strange mix of defiance and 
respect in it.  She was sticking up for a friend.
	There were more whisperings, louder this time, but one glance around the 
room by the Chief Speaker shut them off.  His gaze returned to Ayeka, 
obviously unhappy.  "Very well, Princess.  You are before us today to hear 
our desicion on your plea to search for the missing Prince Tenchi, grandson 
of Lord Yosho, and for his wife, the space pirate Ryoko."  Mayuka frowned at 
his choice of words about her mother.  "Your request, Princess Ayeka, has 
been denied."
	All four of those in the center of the room gasped.  "What!?  Why is this?  
Our navy is the largest in the galaxy!  Surely you can't justif--"
	"We do not have the resources to go chasing a lost prince across the 
galaxy, Princess.  Especially one who chose to marry the very woman who 
nearly destroyed this planet seven hundred years ago."
	Before Ayeka could make a comeback, Sasami spoke, "With all due respect, 
Chief Speaker Anrukea, this is a matter of secruity for the Royal family.  
Was their vote not sufficient enough you to authorize the search?"
	The Chief Speaker looked at Sasami, and smiled coldly.  "Ah, Princess 
Sasami.  A very good point, but the decision of the Royal family was 
overturned, in this case.  And since the one person who could have changed 
that, Lord Yosho, did not decide to stand up for his own grandson, we--"
	"You cowards!"  Everyone stopped and looked at Mayuka, who was near tears 
with rage.  "Your just making excuses because Dad's from Earth, and not 
Jurai!  You're too afriad to go near my mother becasue she could kick your 
sorry bigot butts all over this universe!"  As she spoke, Mayuka could feel 
something within her stir.  The ring on her finger began to heat up, far 
beyond it's usual warmth.
	"Mayuka Masaki, please, be silent."  The Chief Speaker spoke with a calm 
superiority.  "Despite your personal feelings on the matter, you have no 
voice, here.  The matter has been decided.  We do not have the time to waste 
on your father."
	Mayuka stood, fuming.  "Fine then, you jerk.  We'll find them ourselves.  
We'll show you what cowards you are."
	The Chief Speaker smiled.  "Bold words, child, but you do not have the 
resources to do that."
	"But we do, Chief Speaker."  Everyone turned and looked at Shadow Dog, who 
until now had remained completely silent.  "Lord Tenchi and Ryoko are under 
Twilight Ward.  The Twilight People of Jurai will spare no expense in 
finding who took them."
	The Chief Speaker couldn't help but sneer at Shadow Dog.  "Oh, is that so, 
Shadow Demon?  Do you really think that your people are clever enough to 
find them in the dark?"
	Shadow replied calmly.  "We have been cleaning up after your mistakes for a 
very long time, Chief Speaker.  We are more than capable and compasionate 
enough to accomplish this."
	The Chief Speaker started to growl his contempt, but restrained himself, 
resuming his regal posture.  "Very well.  This meeting is adjourned.  And 
for the future, Princess Ayeka, do not bring children and animals into this 
court, again.  You are dismissed."  His tone was final and absolute.
	Ayeka frowned, and turned, leading the way out.  The others followed, 
Mayuka taking an extra second to turn her gaze from the Chief Speaker.  As 
they walked out the large doors, they saw Kiyone, Mihoshi, Bryant and Washu 
huddled around Washu's computer, looking at the screen.  They looked up as 
the others walked out, their expressions telling everyone that they had 
seen, and shared their feelings.
	"So, you were watching, Washu?"  Sasami asked, anyway.
	Washu nodded.  "Yes, Tsunami.  It looks like we're on our own, again."
	"Oh, Grandma!"  Mayuka rushed over to Washu and put her arms around her, 
holding back tears.  "I'm sorry, Grandma.  I tried, but I couldn't.."
	"Shhh," Washu gently hushed her, placing a comforting hand on Mayuka's 
head.  "It all right, Mayuka.  We're going to find them, with or without 
those rascist bastards.  I promise."
	Mayuka sniffed, and nodded, hiding her face in her grandother's shoulder.  
The ring's warmth had faded, along with its glow.  She looked up, catching 
her breath, and sighed.  "So do I, Grandma."

Author's Notes:  I can't believe it took me so long to get through this 
part!  I must be slacking too much.  Sorry about that.  Anyone who has 
actually taken an interest in this fic will have to bare with me if they 
want to see the next part .  Hope you enjoyed this part, and, as a side 
note, the new C,C&C Department (Comments, Compliments & Critisizm) is now 
loneshark707@hotmail.com

