Disclaimer:  I do not own any of the characters of Tenchi Muyo!  They are owned 
by AIC and Pioneer North America.  I did not create them, and their use here is 
strictly for the enjoyment of myself and anyone who gets bored enough to read 
this.  In other words: Please don't sue my poor ass.

Tenchi Muyo!
Flow Endless Dreams-- Part 2:  The Lifespan of Pain
by the Loneshark

	Nobuyuki didn't hear him approach.  It didn't suprise him when he finally 
noticed his father-in-law.  What suprised him was the man's appearance.  Yosho 
stood in front of him as the young man that he knew him to be for sixteen years.  
No more masks.
	Yosho sat next to Nobuyuki on the bridge, looking out over the pond.  
Neither man said anything for a long time.  
	Yosho finally spoke.  "I'm sorry, Nobuyuki.  I have been lying to 
everyone, including myself, for a very long time.  I wore this mask because for 
the first time in my life, I thought I had a family that wouldn't go away.  I 
thought that I would never lose anyone, ever again.  I didn't want anything to 
change.  I told myself that I would be prepared when I saw my friends and family 
die throughout the years, Nobuyuki.  Again, I lied.  I've seen many deaths in my 
time.  Many losses.  Nothing haunts me more than the deaths of those most dear 
to me.
	"I'm sorry to decieve you Nobuyuki.  I tried to hide from the pain.  Now, 
I realize that I can no longer hide.  It's the very first time I've run from 
anything."
	Nobuyuki sat quietly, listening to every word.  When Yosho was finished, 
Nobuyuki looked up at him.  Then, he started to laugh.  Yosho looked at him 
curiously for a moment, and then smiled.  Soon, both of them were laughing.  
	"Now, you look really old." Nobyuki laughed, and looked out across the 
lake.  "We've both been pretty foolish, haven't we, Father?"
	Yosho nodded.  "Yes, we certainly have."  He stood, and started to walk 
off.  
	Nobuyuki stood up, and watched his father-in-law walk away.  "Where are 
you going?"
	Yosho didn't look back.  "I have a part to play in this.  It's time I 
found that."

***

	"Hey, are you awake?"  Mayuka opened her eyes, and looked up at her 
grandmother.  Washu smiled warmly.  "How are you feeling?"
	Mayuka tried to smile, but her face felt too weary.  She sat up, leaning 
back against the wall.  Washu sat next to Mayuka's bed on her floating coushin.  
"I'm sorry, Grandma.  I know I should have listened to you, I just..."  She 
looked at her hand, and bent the fingers inward.  She could feel the blood rush 
to the tips, pulsing with her heart beat.  And her power.  "I'm just so tired of 
feeling helpless.  I couldn't do anything to stop my parents from being taken.  
I don't want to lose anyone else, Grandma."
	Washu nodded.  "I know, Mayuka.  I know how you feel."  She smiled.
	"What is it?"
	"I was just thinking about your mother.  You're so much like her, you 
know?"  Washu stood up, and hugged Mayuka.  "I know you're in pain, Mayuka, but 
don't let it get the better of you.  Pain doesn't last forever, if you don't let 
it.  Don't let your pain overcome you, Mayuka."
	Mayuka hugged her back.  "Don't be silly, Grandma.  I won't let anything 
beat me.  Mom and Dad are counting on me to find them."
	They broke their embrace, and Washu laughed.  "That's sounds like 
something Ryoko would say."  She turned, and walked out.  
	Mayuka looked up.  A small branch stuck out of the wall, and on it hung 
the blue pouch Mayuka's grandfather had given to her.  The one holding her 
grandmother Achika's ring.  She reached up and pulled it off the branch.  It was 
still warm, just as it had been before they'd gone down to that planet.  What 
did it mean?
	"Miya?"  Mayuka looked up, and saw Ryo-ohki peeking around the corner.  
She smiled at the cabbit.
	"Hey, Ryo-ohki!  What are you doing over there?"  The cabbit hopped over 
to her, jumping up into her lap.  Mayuka giggled, and pet her.  The cabbit 
purred.  "I'm hungry.  Let's go get something to eat, okay?"  Ryo-ohki miyaed, 
and hopped off Mayuka's lap.  She paused at the doorway, and looked back to make 
sure Mayuka was coming.  The girl stood up, and followed.  "Go on.  I'm right 
behind you."

***

	Washu typed on her holocomputer, trying to get the program to work.  "So, 
Shadow, what did your contact say?"
	Shadow sat under one of the many trees on Tsunami, his eyes shut.  He 
opened one red eye, and frowned.  "Well, it was apparently something he wasn't 
supposed to tell me.  He was the same one who sent those metal-skinned goons 
after us.  He didn't want me to spread aroud what I know."
	Washu nodded.  "Yes, and what do you know?"
	"Sorry.  He couldn't find anything on Tenchi and Ryoko, but he did tell me 
about some guy named Tomarou."  Shadow sat up.  "My contact said that he's 
buying up a lot of technology to help him look for something.  Have you ever 
heard of something called the Seal of Eternity, Washu?"
	Washu's typing slowed.  "It... sounds familiar.  Maybe when I was a 
goddess, I knew what it was.  I don't believe I've heard about it since, 
though."
	Shadow nodded.  "Hmm.  Maybe Mistress Sasami knows."
	"Knows what, Seayo?"  He looked up to see Sasami standing over him. 
	Shadow stood up, "There's a man in the Juraian Empire named Tomarou.  I 
was told he's looking for something called the Seal of Eternity."  Sasami's eyes 
widened, and she looked away, thinking.  "Mistress?"
	"How is this supposed to help us, Shadow?"  Washu asked.
	He ignored her.  "Mistress, what is it?"
	Sasami looked back at him.  "It's nothing, Seayo.  The man won't find it, 
anyway.  It's none of our concern."
	Washu raised an eyebrow, "So, you do know.  Tsunami--"
	"He won't find it."  Sasami cut her off.  No one had ever heard her voice 
so flat and cold.
	Shadow looked away.  "Very well, Mistress."
	Washu growled.  "Well, if that's the end of that..."
	Mayuka and Ryo-ohki walked out of the shadows of the ship.  Mayuka munched 
on a piece of fruit that looked like an apple, but it's skin was silver.  Ryo-
ohki held a silver carrot in her mouth.  "What's going on?"
	Shadow leapt off the platform he was on, and walked over to her.  "It's 
nothing, Mayuka.  How are you feeling?"
	She nodded.  "Fine, thanks."
	"That was impressive, you know?  Back on Airis, when you used your powers.  
That's the first time I've seen you use them so easily."
	Mayuka smiled.  "Thanks, Shadow."  She walked past him to Washu, looking 
over her shoulder.  "What is that, Grandma?"
	Washu's face split into a grin.  She loved explaining her work.  "This is 
a special program that I started a long time ago, Mayuka.  I have life-data on 
every member of our family, from Tenchi to Shadow Dog over there.  Of course, 
your father's was the most difficult to get.  He wouldn't hold still long enough 
for me to get the sperm sample--"
	"Grandma!"  Mayuka dropped her apple, and cupped her ears.
	Washu chuckled.  "Hehe.  Sorry.  Anyway, because Tsunami is helping me 
boost the range at which I can use the machines in my lab, I can initiate my 
special Universal Search Engine.  It sweeps the entire galaxy, looking for your 
parents energy patterns, genetic patterns, astral patterns--"
	Shadow walked away, leaving Mayuka to the tortures of Washu's lecture.  He 
looked back, briefly, and saw that Mayuka and Ryo-ohki were gone, already.  He 
stifled the laugh, and walked through the ship.  
	"There are many thoughts going through your mind, aren't there, Seayo?"  
Sasami's voice echoed softly in his mind.  
	"Yes, I guess there are."  He stopped walking, and looked out at the 
stars.  " Mistress, can you take us to my old partner?"
	"You mean Bryant?  I thought you'd put that part of your life behind you?"
	He nodded.  "Yes, but right now it's our best bet.  He can use resources I 
no longer have access too.  I'm dead, remember?"
	"Yes.  Do you want to go home, after that?"
	Shadow frowned.  "I thought you didn't read my thoughts?"
	Sasami giggled.  "I didn't.  I shared your dreams.  Are you sure they're 
ready to handle it?"
	"I think you know Mayuka's ready.  If she wants to find Tenchi, and Ryoko, 
and Akira, she'll have to be prepared."
	"And Kiyone?"
	"Please don't tell her.  It's supposed to be a suprise, after all."
	He felt Sasami smile.  "You know I can keep a secret, Seayo."

***

	Ingeni nervously tapped his foot.  Tomarou's assistant Kenji secured the 
locks on the cryo-tubes holding the two people.  He looked up at Ingeni, and 
nodded.  They walked out of the cargo hold, and stopped in front of the docking 
tube.  
	Ingeni frowned when Kenji handed him the card.  "Are you sure this is the 
right amount?"
	Kenji nodded dismissingly.  "Yes, of course it is."
	"And you'll be sure to tell your boss what I told you?"
	"About your manager, Kujato?  Yes.  I'll be sure to give him the 
information.  Just be sure you deliver the man and woman to Tomarou's estate.  
Our people there will take care of them after that."  Kenji walked into the 
docking tube.  The hatch closed behind him, and retracted into Tomarou's ship.  
Ingeni wiped the sweat from his brow, and looked back at the cargo bay.  
	"Whatever you're up to, Kujato, it'd better be good."

	Kenji spat, "Paranoid filth."
	"I take it you do not approve of him?"  Kenji turned to see Tomarou 
standing behind him.  The priest's ash-blond hair fell about his shoulders.  
He'd just taken a shower, Kenji noticed.
	"Forgive me, Lord Tomarou, but his type have never been my favorite 
people."  Kenji walked past Tomarou, heading to the bridge of the ship.
	Tomarou followed behind him.  "Do you believe that he can do the job?"
	"I will admit that much, my lord."  Kenji paused before they entered the 
bridge, and then remembered something.  "My lord, there is something that the 
bounty hunter mentioned."
	Tomarou's eyebrows rose.  "Yes?"
	"He said that his manager, Kujato, had information for you.  Something to 
do with the boy and his parents."
	"Someone is searching for them?"
	"That is a logical conclusion, sir."
	Tomarou sighed.  "Well, do you belive it could be their friends?  The 
others we encountered on 0315?"
	Kenji checked his instruments.  "Perhaps, sir.  But, it might be wise to 
see what the smuggler wants.  It would be very bad to take the risk that this 
'someone' is an official within the Empire, or an investigator hired by the 
Supreme Council."
	Tomarou hung his head.  "Yes, I agree.  We should see what Kujato can do 
for us."

*** 

	"Mayuka."  There it was again.  The voice.  
	"Who are you?  Are you the one I saw?"  She knew the answer.
	The voice sounded strong, and almost cold.  "You are afraid.  In pain."
	"Who are you?  What do you want from me?"  Mayuka screamed at the 
darkness.  Where was she?  The last thing she remembered was looking out at the 
stars with Ryo-ohki.  Was she still on Tsunami?
	The man emerged from the darkness.  His face was colder than before, 
harder.  He took a breath, and his features relaxed.  Mayuka backed away 
slightly.  "You of all people should have nothing to fear."
	"Wha... what are talking about?"
	"Don't be silly.  I can feel it inside of you.  It pulses beneath the 
surface, like a second heartbeat."  He walked up to her.  Mayuka wanted to back 
away, but she couldn't move.  He placed a hand on her chest.  "Do you feel it, 
Mayuka?  Feel your birthright, beneath the skin.  It calls to you, Mayuka."
	She nodded, somehow understanding him.  She could feel her fear slowly 
leaving her, calmed by his voice.  He leaned forward, and whispered into her 
ear.  "The Shadow calls you, Mayuka.  If you fear it, and do not accept what you 
are, you will lose."
	Mayuka's eyes flashed open.  "Miya?" She was looking straight up at the 
cieling.  She sat up on her elbows, and saw Ryo-hki sitting on her lap.  The 
cabbit looked up at her with big, worried eyes.  
	Mayuka sat up, shaking her head.  "Don't worry, Ryo-ohki.  I'm... I'm all 
right."
	Who was that?

***

	"It's pretty damn ironic, eh, Yosho?"  He remembered the words his friend 
Seayo had spoken to him a few years ago, after Tenchi and Ryoko had put Tokimi 
to rest.  "We've lived... what?  Nine hundred, ten hundred years?  Your sister's 
barely over seven hundred and she learned something we still haven't."
	The coversation had been about Ayeka, for some reason.  Yosho couldn't 
remember the whole thing, now, but he remembered those words.  He chuckled.  
"Yes, Seayo.  It is rather ironic."
	He walked up to Funaho, and sat in front of her.  The great tree had taken 
root here long ago.  Seven hundred years.  He could feel her energy course 
through this valley.  Her roots ran deep and far into the ground, filling the 
land with vitality.  Compared to everything around it, the tree was ancient, an 
example of the true power of Nature in the universe.  Would this work?
	"There's only one way to find out, isn't there?"  Yosho answered himself.  
He placed a hand on the trunk.  "Hello, old friend.  I know how much you love 
this land.  I share the same feelings, after all.  I don't want to leave it, 
either.  But, I can't stay here like this.  I know they are out there, 
somewhere.  I have to help my children, Funaho.  I'm sorry to make you go along 
with my selfishness.  Please, help me."
	Beams of colored light shot out from the leaves of the great tree.  They 
reflected off the water surrounding it, shining up into the sky.  Yosho smiled.  
"Thank you, Funaho."  He sighed.  Here's hoping it works.  "Tsunami.  Please, 
help us.  I know you can hear me.  Tsunami."

	In the ship of herself, Tsunami turned around, suddenly.  That voice?  She 
could feel it, calling out to her.  One of her children, the Juraians.  No.  It 
was one of her favored children.  One of her family.
	Her child and her brother.
	She smiled to herself.  She'd been waiting for this to happen.  It had 
only been a matter of time.  "Of course, Yosho."

	There was a small tremor.  Yosho opened his eyes, and backed away from 
Funaho.  The tremor grew stronger.  He watched in awe as the tree grew.  No.  It 
was rising.  The soil and water around it shook and flew into the air as the 
tree's roots pulled themselves from the ground.  He could feel the tree's power 
growing, as well.
	Funaho rose into the air, soil falling from it's great roots.  Yosho stood 
back, watching as his ship was reborn.

***

	"So, where are we going now, Tsunami?"  The goddess looked at her sister.  
Washu was still working at her computer, not bothering to look up when she 
spoke.  
	Sasami looked away, into the darkness of the ship.  "Seayo believes there 
is someone else he knows who can help us."
	Washu groaned, "Not another 'contact?'"
	"No, Washu," Sasami frowned at her.  "You should put more faith in him.  
He >is< more honest than he used to be."
	Washu grumbled.  "Yea, maybe.  It'd be easier if Kiyone was here, though."  
Sasami raised an eyebrow.  "She'd make him tell everything he knew.  She's 
gotten better at doing that to him," the scientist chuckled.
	Sasami giggled along with her.  "Yes, well, give that time."  Before Washu 
could ask what she meant, Sasami said, "We are going to find his old partner."
	Washu nodded.  "Finally, the mutt has a good idea.  The bounty hunter can 
use the resources in the Hunter's Guild.  If they don't have anything on Tenchi 
and Ryoko, then..."  Washu paused.  "Dammit.  Saying that doesn't make me feel 
any better."  She sighed, and turned around, looking at Sasami.	
	"You've been working a little too hard, Sister.  You should get some rest, 
soon."
	Washu grinned.  "Yea, yea.  Stop being the older sister, will you?  That's 
my job, or have you forgotten?"
	Sasami smiled, and shook her head.  "No, I haven't forgotten."  She looked 
away, out into the darkness.  "We'll have to go to Jurai, soon."
	Washu nodded, "Yes, I figured as much.  Maybe Ayeka can use the subspace 
net of Jurai's royal trees to help look for Tenchi and Ryoko?"
	Sasami shrugged.  "Maybe."
	"Tsunami," she looked back at Washu.  "Tell me, please, what is the Seal 
of Eternity?  I only half-remember it.  Something about..."  Washu tried to 
finish the thought, but she couldn't.
	"Our own parents," Sasami finished.  Washu nodded.  The goddess sighed.  
"The Seal is a tool.  Something given to us to lock away things that should 
never have been in the first place.  You and Tokimi were the only ones to ever 
use it."
	"Tsunami, you're hiding things, again.  If we used something that 
powerful, we had a reason.  What was it we locked away?"
	Washu's eyes grew wide when she saw Sasami shiver.  The goddess turned 
back to Washu.  Her eyes had never held such distress.  "It is irrelevant, 
Washu.  I already told you that.  Please, don't worry about it.  We have to 
focus on finding them."
	Washu nodded, and turned back to her computer.  "Very well, Tsunami.  I'll 
let it go, for now."

*** 

	Nobuyuki ran up the hill, panting.  That tremor... it had come from the 
holy tree.  He couldn't understand why, but he knew it came from the tree.  What 
was going on?
	He slowed as he got closer.  There was something in the sky.  Another 
ship?  Nobuyuki could feel anger rising in himself at the thought.  Who else was 
here to give him more grief?  The thought quickly passed, though.  The ship 
seemed... familiar?  It almost resembled Ayeka's ship, the Ryu-Oh.  But Ayeka 
had gone to Jurai.  There were no other ships on Earth.  How could this one be 
here?
	Nobuyuki saw his father-in-law standing at the edge of the pond where the 
holy tree once stood.  Somehow, he understood what had happened.  He walked up 
to the man quietly.  "Father?"
	Yosho turned around.  He was smiling.  "It is time for me to go, 
Nobuyuki."
	He nodded.  "I understand, but..."  Yosho raised a questioning eyebrow.  
"Take care of yourself, Father."
	Yosho nodded.  "Don't worry about me, Nobuyuki.  And, take care of 
yourself."  He looked back up at his ship.  After so long, Funaho was finally 
going to go among the stars, again.  "Remember, Nobuyuki, that the pain of 
losing loved ones can be great.  But, don't let it overtake you.  Pain doesn't 
last forever."  A blue light shined down from Funaho, whashing over Yosho.  He 
disappeared into the light, transported aboard his ship.  
	Nobuyuki whatched Funaho turn to the sky, and fly away.  The clouds 
rumbled and grew dark as the ship passed through them.  He stayed there long 
after the clouds had returned to normal.  
	And for some reason, he found himself smiling.  He couldn't help himself, 
despite the pain in his heart.  Maybe there was still a chance.
	He turned, and began to walk back to the house.  "So, that's why you 
stayed.  Eh, old man?"
	
	Yosho looked out at the Earth as it disappeared into the blackness of 
space.  It hurt to leave the planet he had grown to love.  
	Had it been by complete accident that he'd chased Ryoko to the planet of 
his mother's birth, seven hundred years ago?  He wondered, now.  Had Tsunami 
planned all of that so long ago, before even his father had been born?  Before 
the first kings of Jurai?	
	He turned away from the sight.  He had to focus now, even if he didn't 
know where he was going.  The tree of Funaho stood in the center of the ship.  
"So, old friend, are you ready to find out what is out there?"  The tree 
answered with a ray of colored light.  Yosho smiled, and sat down in front of 
it, trying to figure out what to do.             
	Then, as if something had whispered it to him, he... felt the answer.  
"The Seal of Eternity."  He looked down at the katana at his side.  He was 
starting to feel relieved he'd remembered to bring it.  This would not be an 
easy journey.  "Well, Funaho, let's go find it."

***

	"Are you sure about this, Kujato?"  The smuggler nodded to the man on his 
screen.
	"Of course, Mr. Tomarou.  I know the man personaly.  If he's looking for 
Ryoko, he will eventually try to find this Seal of yours."  He leaned forward.  
"It would be best to settle the matter, quickly.  Ingeni has already delivered 
your cargo to your estate on Heroun.  He's available, and very familiar with the 
man."
	Tomarou looked him over, still suspicious.  "And you are sure that this... 
Shadow Dog will present a problem?"
	Again, Kujato nodded.  He'd learned a great deal of patience from dealing 
with this type.  "Believe me, sir, this man can cause a great deal of trouble.  
He's never failed at delivering a bounty, and I belive that he will stop at 
nothing to find Ryoko and the Seal."
	Tomarou was silent for several seconds before he answered.  He sighed, 
"Very well.  You'll recieve your payment in five hours.  I trust that Ingeni 
will do his best."
	Kujato grinned, "Trust me, sir.  For this assignment, he'll give 
everything."  The image of Tomarou disappeared, leaving Kujato still smiling.  
He pressed his palm to the desk, and the screen changed to Ingeni's face.  "So, 
have you delivered Tomarou's cargo?"
	Ingeni nodded.  "Yea, it's done.  Creepy bastards, they were all runnin' 
around that damn place half-naked.  You sure that guy's just a priest?  It looks 
more like a damn cult over there."
	Kujato waved his hand.  "It doesn't matter.  The important thing is that 
I've gotten you another job."
	Ingeni raised an eyebrow.  "Another job, eh?  And it's for Tomarou, 
right?"
	Kujato nodded.  "Oh, yes.  But, you'll really love this one, my dear 
Ingeni.  You get to settle an old score with one of our best friends."
	"Heh, which one?  I've got a lot of 'em."
	Kujato smiled.  "You have to find Shadow Dog.  And I know exactly where 
the predictable bastard is headed."
	Ingeni looked at Kujato in utter disbelief for a few seconds, and then 
laughed.

***

	"Aunt Sasami?"  She turned when she heard Mayuka's voice.  Of course, she 
knew that the girl was coming to see her long before she'd made up her mind to 
do so, but she didn't want to act on it.  She could sense Mayuka's discomfort 
about coming to her.  That was bad enough, and she didn't want to make it worse.
	She smiled at her niece warmly.  "Yes, Mayuka?  What is it?"  The girl 
walked up to her, timidly, cluthing a blue pouch in her hands.  Sasami new what 
was in the bag.  She was secretly glad that it was Mayuka who had recieved the 
ring.
	"Um..." Mayuka looked down.  God, she was nervous.  "Well, I was just 
wondering if you could..."
	"Yes?"
	She swallowed the lump in her throat.  "You're a goddess, and all.  Can 
you tell if there's... anything wrong with me?"
	Sasami was confused.  "What do you mean?  How can there be anything wrong 
with you?"
	Mayuka looked to the side, too nervous to look directly at her aunt.  
"Well, it's just that... what I mean is that I've been having these really 
wierd..."
	"Visions?"
	"Yea, that's it!"  Mayuka nodded, and smiled a little.  The nervous 
feeling quickly came back, though.  "I mean, yea.  I keep seeing this guy... 
It's not a fantasy, but there's something else.  He warned me about those men we 
fought on Airis.  And I saw him in my dreams, just a little while ago.  He..."  
She trailed off.
	"Did he threaten you?  What is it, Mayuka?"  Sasami placed a hand on 
Mayuka's shoulder.
	She shook her head.  "No, he told me something.  He told me... to accept 
who I am.  That the Shadow is calling me."  She took a deap breath.  "I'm so 
confused.  What the hell does it mean?"
	Sasami secretly breathed a sigh of relief.  "You're all right, Mayuka.  
There is nothing wrong with you, physically or spiritually.  Nothing except that 
you are very concerned for you brother and parents.  Just as we all are."
	Mayuka smiled a little, "Yea, but who was that man?  You can look into my 
memory.  Do you know who he was?"	
	His image flashed briefly in Sasami's head.  Long white hair surrounding a 
stone cold face.  She shook her head.  "Don't worry about it, Mayuka.  Whoever 
he is, he does not want to hurt you.  And he is not our enemy."
	"But, how can you be sure?"  Mayuka realized she had yelled at Sasami.  
She looked down.  "Oh, I'm sorry, Aunt Sasami.  I didn't mean to yell."
	She nodded, and hugged Mayuka.  "It's all right.  I know it hurts to be 
confused.  Don't worry, Mayuka.  We will find them." 
	Mayuka wanted to cry.  She could feel it in her chest.  Instead, she held 
it in, and hugged her aunt back.  "Thanks, Aunt Sasami."  They let go of each 
other.  "I think I'm gonna go lie down."  She walked off into the darkness of 
the ship.
	Sasami looked out once again at the lonely space.  She knew that visage 
who had visited Mayuka.  There was a new Lord.  "But, why Mayuka?  Why help 
her?"  Sasami sighed with frustration.  Despite being a goddess, the most 
aggravating thing seemed to be her lack of total omniscience.

***

	The hardest thing to do was open her eyes.  It scared her, because she 
hadn't had to worry about that for nearly twenty years.  Not since Kagato had 
been killed.
	She braved it, and opened them, anyway.  She could feel, at least.  That 
was little comfort.  She couldn't recognize anything around her as she got to 
her feet.  The sky was dark, and she could see two blue moons shining down, 
washing everything in a blue glow.  All around her were bushes and tall trees, 
with soft grass beneath her.  It would have been a dream, if the nightmare 
hadn't reared up.
	She closed her eyes, trying to clear her head of the memories.  A fight.  
No, it was a battle.  her friends and family falling around her, and then 
finally the pain, and a darkness.  A dreamless void.
	"Tenchi?"  She called out his name, hoping that she could reach him, 
somehow, even though she had no idea where he was.  
	"Ryoko?"  Her heart jumped at the sound of his voice.  Tenchi came 
stumbling through a tall hedge, rubbing his head.  "Ryoko, is that you?"
	"Tenchi!  You're all right!"  She tried to fly over to him, but couldn't 
build up the strength to lift herself off the ground.  She groaned in 
frustration, and tried harder.  
	Tenchi didn't notice her struggle, but walked up to her, and put his arms 
around her.  "Are you all right, Ryoko?"
	She gave up trying to fly, for the moment, and rested her head on his 
shoulder.  "Yea, I'm just a little... tired."
	Tenchi eyed their surroundings.  "Where are we?"
	Ryoko's eyes flashed open.  "Akira."  She stood up straight.  "Tenchi, 
where's Akira?  Did you see him?"
	Tenchi tried to think, but the answer wouldn't come.  He couldn't answer.  
He could see the fear and anger building up on Ryoko's eyes.  He embraced her, 
again, hoping it would calm her.  "Please, Ryoko. We'll find him, I promise 
you."
	Ryoko could feel her strength returning, but it was still coming slowly.  
She sighed, and fell into Tenchi's arms, the tears rolling down her cheeks, 
moistening his shoulder.  Tenchi gripped her tightly, if only to calm himself.
	Then, they heard the dark, echoing laughter in the trees.

Author's Notes:  Well, we might actually be getting some plot development, now.  
If anyone's getting curious as to just what the hell's going on, good.  Maybe 
you can figure it out and tell me.  Becuase I have no idea what the hell's 
happening here!  Just kidding, but I hope you're enjoying this series, as 
always.  This series will be shorter than it's predecessor, but, hey, maybe 
it'll still be worth reading.  Any and all hate mail should go to 
killersquid@ticnet.com.  Now for part 3...

  

	 
	     
	

	
