Disclaimer:  I do not own any of the characters of Tenchi Muyo!  They are owned 
by AIC and Pioneer North America.  I did not create them, and their use here is 
strictly for the enjoyment of myself and anyone who gets bored enough to read 
this.  In other words: Please don't sue my poor ass.

Tenchi Muyo!
Flow Endless Dreams-- Prologue:  Memories of Light
by the Loneshark

	Mayuka raced up the steps of the shrine, calling out his name.  "Akira!  
Akira, where are you?"  She panted, slightly, and walked past the shrine.  
"Where did that little brat go?"  The question was rhetorical.  As much as she 
hated it, she knew the answer.  She walked up the path, forcing herself to stay 
calm.  "Why does he always do this to me?"  
	His back was turned when she spotted him.  He sat in front of the cave, 
staring at the darkness.  She walked up behind him, and stopped, tapping her 
foot.  "You know we're not supposed to come up here.  Grandpa will get angry if 
he catches us."
	Her brother looked back at her.  His hair was dark, like their father's, 
but he had their mother's yellow, flashing eyes.  He pouted, playfully.  "Oh, 
come on.  Why do you have to bother me like that?"
	She grabbed the back of his shirt, and pulled him to his feet.  "Because 
I'm your big sister.  Now come on, Aunt Sasami almost has lunch ready."  She let 
go of him, and turned to leave.  She looked back when he didn't follow.  "Akira, 
will you..."  
	He still stared at the cave.  She never could understand his fascination 
with that place.   The cave had always sent chills down Mayuka's spine, ever 
since she was little.  It brought back too many bad memories for her, of a time 
before she had truly lived.  "Mayuka," her brother turned around.  He was also 
just as serious as their father.  "Was Mom really trapped there, for seven 
hundred years?"
	Mayuka sighed.  It had always been strange for him to accept the fact that 
his great-grandfather had once buried their mother deep in the earth.  She 
nodded.  "Yes, it's true.  You know that, Akira."  She walked up, and put her 
arm around his shoulder.  "But, hey, if she wasn't, then Dad would never have 
been around to let her out."
	He shrugged, and looked back at the cave.  "I guess you're right."
	"Come on, you're gonna make us late again."  She pulled him away, back 
down the trail to the shrine.  
	"You're already late, Mayuka," Both kids jumped back as thier mother 
appeared in front of them.  She laughed as they fell back.
	"Mom!  You scared us!"  Akira picked himself up, brushing the dust off of 
his pants.  Mayuka leapt to her feet, laughing along with their mother.  Akira 
looked at her, annoyed, but she ignored it.
	"You won't tell Grandpa we were up here, will you?"  Mayuka looked at 
Ryoko, a look of pleading on her face.  "Pleeease?"
	Ryoko smiled, and settled to the ground.  "You just don't want to have 
extra chores."  Mayuka's eyes grew wider.  Ryoko held in a giggle.  "Hey, it's 
none of my business if you sneak up here."
	"Thanks, Mom!"  Mayuka hugged her mother, and raced back down the 
hillside.
	Ryoko walked up to her son, and put her arm around him.  "Hey, you okay, 
Akira?"
	He nodded.  "Sure, Mom.  I'm fine.  Lunch is ready, isn't it?"  Ryoko 
nodded.  "Well, then, let's go."

***

	Tenchi wiped the steam off of the bathroom mirror, and took a long look at 
his face.  He was in his thirties, and he didn't look a day over twenty.  Well, 
maybe twenty five.  Washu had told him years ago that his aging would begin to 
slow down, right after Ryoko gave birth to Akira, in fact.  She told him that it 
was because of his power, and that his aging could possibly even stop.  
Sometimes he wondered why that didn't bother him.  
	"It's just one of those things, I guess," he mumbled to himself.  One of 
those inevitabilities in his life that he really couldn't control.  He'd 
realized a long time ago that there were just some things that he had no control 
over, things that he'd have to deal with and overcome.  He smiled.  He could 
take 'em.
	"Tennchiii."  Ryoko's appearance, of course, hadn't changed.  She appeared 
behind him, with her limbs wrapped around his body.  She nuzzled her face into 
the back of Tenchi's neck.  The sensation sent a shiver through his spine.
	"Ryoko!  You nearly scared me!"  He stumbled back a little, Ryoko's 
unexpected weight throwing off his balance.  "Come on, lunch is almost ready."
	"Hm, I know."  Ryoko lifted him off the ground, and into their room.  "I'm 
not hungry, right now."
	"Ryoko... come on, we really should go have lunch, and... Ryoko!  I being 
serious, stop... hey, that tickles!  Haha... urp, cut it ou... hahaha... Ryoko!  
Hey, when did you learn to do that?  Hahahaha!"

***

	"She really has no self-control," Washu mumbled as she stepped out of her 
lab.  She was going to ask Ryoko if she'd found everyone for lunch through the 
link they shared, but decided against it when her daughter's thoughts turned to 
Tenchi.  "Just hopeless kids."
	"Hey, Grandmother!  Lunch is ready!"  Mayuka called as she and her brother 
ran past Washu.  Mayuka raced ahead of her brother, and was then thrown to the 
ground as a massive black shadow leapt out from behind the couch.  It tackled 
Mayuka, rolling along the ground with her.  The girl grappled with the beast's 
legs, trying to throw it off of her.  She stopped, looking up at the beast, and 
laughed.  
	Shadow Dog's paws pinned Mayuka's shoulders to the ground.  He gave her a 
dopey, canine grin, and barked.  
	"Shadow!  Get off of her, right now!"  Both Mayuka and Shadow looked up to 
see Ayeka standing in the doorway to the dining room.  "You're not supposed to 
roll around in the house!"  Shadow jumped off of Mayuka, and erupted into a 
small column of black fire as he changed back into his humanoid form.  
	"Oh, come on, Aunt Ayeka!  He was just playing."  Mayuka stood up, and 
looked around.  Washu and Akira had already beaten her to the table.  "Oh, 
crap!"  She ran past Ayeka, and saw the two stuffing their faces.  "Hey, there's 
not gonna be enough left for me!"
	Ayeka walked in, holding Shadow by his ear.  The Twilight Person winced as 
Ayeka threw him down, and sat next to her sister.  "
	Sasami pouted at her.  "Please, Ayeka.  Don't be so harsh on him.  He just 
doesn't know when to stop playing, sometimes."
	Ayeka sighed.  "Yes, I guess you're right."  She gave Shadow an evil look.  
"But Kiyone did tell me to make sure you behave yourself while she and Mihoshi 
are on assignment."
	"That's just because she's not around to make you behave, herself," Mayuka 
said, and smiled at Shadow.  He stuck her tongue out at her, and ate his lunch.
	"It's my fault, I guess.  I spoil him," Sasami giggled.  Ryo-okhi miyad 
from the other side of her carrot.    
	Akira turned to his grandmother.  "Hey, where are Mom, Dad, and Grandpa?"
	Washu's eyes looked up at the ceiling.  "They'll come down whenever she's 
ready, I guess," she muttered through a mouth full of rice.
	"Yea, where is Yosho?"  Shadow looked around, sniffing the air.  He hated 
it when Yosho went off without telling anyone.  
	"Worried about me, Seayo?"  The voice made Shadow and Mayuka jump, 
dropping their bowls into their laps.  Yosho laughed, and sat down.  "For a 
hunter, you're quite unobservant, Seayo."
	He grumbled in reply, "Yes, well, I'm just out of practice.  That's all."
	Akira raised an eyebrow at his great-grandfather.  "I think you just like 
sneaking up on people."  
	"We can talk about it during practice, this afternoon."
	"Do we have to, Grandpa?"  Mayuka looked at him with big eyes.  "It's the 
last day of our vacation!"
	He shook his head.  "No discussion about it, Mayuka.  I want to see both 
of you there."
	They hung their heads and mumbled.  "Yes, sir."  They both noticed Shadow 
grin.
	"That means you, also, Seayo."  Shadow's smirk disappeared.  Mayuka 
giggled, and he shot her a sideways glance.  She just laughed harder.
	
***

	"Heads up!"  Yosho tossed another stone at Akira.  The boy deflected it 
well enough, sending it flying through the air, and into a tree.  The boy was 
improving.  His skill reminded Yosho of Tenchi at his age.  He looked at his 
grandson.  "Well, do you want to test him?"
	Tenchi picked up his bokken, and stood in front of his son.  "Ready, 
Akira?"  The boy nodded, and they assumed their ready stances.
	Yosho gave the start.  "CUUT!"  Tenchi and Akira went through the basic 
attack routines, charging each other, their swords smashing together.
	Shadow Dog and Mayuka sat to the side, whatching.  "He's getting better, I 
think,"  Mayuka commented.  Ryo-ohki whatched the battle from Mayuka's lap.  She 
looked down, and scratched the cabbit under the chin.  
	"Tenchi, or your brother?"
	"Hm, both, I guess."  Shadow picked up a small stick laying next to him, 
aimed it carefully, and tossed it at the combatants.  Akira's sword shot out, 
and knocked the stick at his father.  Tenchi brought his sword up, and cracked 
the stick in half.  
	"Your right."
	Tenchi eventually overpowered Akira, knocking the boy's sword out of his 
hands.  Akira fell back.  Tenchi's hand caught his son's, and pulled him back 
up.  He smiled, "Hey, you're getting a lot better."  Akira smiled.
	"He still has a long way to go, Tenchi," Yosho grumbled.  He looked over 
at Shadow and Mayuka.  "Well, it's your turn."
	They nodded, and stood up.  Tenchi and Akira sat down next to Yosho.  Ryo-
ohki hopped over, and sat down next to Akira.
	Shadow and Mayuka stood, facing each other.  "Are you ready?"  She nodded, 
and closed her eyes.  Shadow's gem glowed as he concentrated on helping Mayuka's 
power.  "Relax.  Just let it happen.  Make it instinct."  Mayuka felt inside 
herself, reaching inward.  Then she felt it.  Her power.  It felt like a burning 
flame that gave off no heat.    A light inside the darkness.  A light could be 
seen glowing beneath her skin.  The red gem pushed its way to the surface, 
sitting at the base of Mayuka's neck.
	Her skin paled, changing to an ash grey, with the exception of the dark 
lines on her face.  A purple battle suit formed under her clothes, and her hands 
flexed as they sprouted claws.  She could feel her own power, pulsing with every 
heart beat, every breath.  Shadow smiled, and charged.
	Mayuka's body reflexively tensed, preparing to fight.  Shadow's arm came 
forward, the fist clenched tightly.  Mayuka prepared to block it, but the fist 
never came.  Shadow twisted, and in the blink of an eye his leg slammed into 
Mayuka's side.  She felt a cry escape her throat, but tried to hold in the pain, 
gritting her teeth.  The fist came, this time.  She ducked underneath it, and 
slashed upward.  Her claws caught Shadow's shirt, tearing through it.  He backed 
away, quickly, Mayuka pressing her attack.  She lashed out with her claws, each 
time barely connecting with Shadow.  He ducked and swept his leg out to knock 
Mayuka off of her feet.  The girl jumped back in time, flipping in the air.
	She crouched as she landed, grinning at Shadow Dog.  He returned the grin, 
and then changed to his hound form.  He leapt at her, his own claws 
outstretched.  Mayuka leapt over him, spinning as she landed, and charged.  
Shadow turned, and slammed his body into her, sending them both rolling along 
the ground.  They struggled with each other's limbs.  They finally stopped, 
Shadow Dog pinning Mayuka's arms and legs to the ground.  His jaws hung open 
over her neck, and his gem gave off a bright flash.
	Mayuka growled.  "Fine, you win."  Shadow Dog hopped off of her, and 
changed back to his human form.
	He snickered, and stood, holding out a hand.  "You're improving."  Mayuka 
took the hand, and Shadow pulled her to her feet.  "Even your Dad couldn't beat 
me when he was your age."
	Tenchi laughed.  "He can definetly beat you now, Seayo," Yosho mumbled 
from his rock.
	Shadow ignored his old friend.  "Well, Tenchi, how about it?  Wanna see if 
you've still got it?"
	Tenchi nodded, and stood, "Sure, why not?"

***

	Washu stood on the edge of a steep hill, behind the Masaki shrine.  
Despite everything she knew about the universe through science and divinity, she 
could still be amazed by a simple afternoon view of the valley.  Here, none of 
the science that she held so dear mattered.  The particles of light, the 
molecules of gas, the Litham False Reality theory, none of these mattered.  
There was only the coming of dusk.  That was real.  Her family was real, and 
here.  Peaceful.
	She didn't turn around when she felt Sasami walk up behind her.  "Hello, 
Washu."
	She nodded, not turning to look at her.  "Hello, Tsunami."  Washu was the 
only one who could call her that.  Not even Shadow Dog was allowed to call her 
anything but Sasami.
	"You're thinking about our sister, aren't you?"
	She nodded.  "It's hard.  The only thing I can remember with any clarity 
is that last time I saw her, before I left divinity.  I try to remember happy 
times, but it's difficult."
	Sasami nodded.  "Yes.  I'm sorry you can't."
	"Don't be.  It's my own fault, and I knew what I was doing," Washu looked 
at her.  "She lost herself.   In the end, even Tokimi proved to have a 
weakness."
	"Yes.  Still, she deserves to be remembered as being happy."
	Washu smiled, and looked out at the view.  "So, is that why you created 
Tenchi?  Because you knew what Tokimi would try to do?"
	Sasami looked at her, questioningly.  "Hmm?  Why are you asking me this 
now, Washu?  Why after so long?"
	"Nope, I asked you first," Washu chuckled.
	The goddess smiled.  "Yes, I knew what lengths she would go to.  That was 
one of my reasons."
	Washu raised an eyebrow.  "And the other?"
	Sasami followed her sister's gaze down to the lake.  She could see past 
the walls of the house next to the lake, to the people living there.  She 
smiled.  "A birthday present for my niece."
	Washu rolled her eyes.  "Cute.  After three thousand years, you haven't 
lost your sense of humor."
	Sasami frowned.  "I'm being serious, Washu!"
	Washu giggled.  "Of course, of course."  
	They turned around, hearing someone call out.  "Grandmother! Aunt Sasami!"  
Akira came running up the hill, waving.  "What are you doing out here?"  He ran 
up beside them.
	"The same could be asked of you, Akira," Washu said.  "Shouldn't you be at 
the shrine, doing your chores?"
	He smirked.  "Grandpa Katsuhito and Father won't notice I'm gone.  I can 
get back before then."
	Sasami giggled.  "Just like Tenchi, when he was your age."  She looked 
back out over the valley.  "You're just like he was."
	"You think so?"  He joined them in whatching the sun as it fell slowly 
towards the mountains in the horizon.
	"How much more like him do you think he'll be, Tsunami?"  Washu's voice 
asked inside her head.  
	"You mean, will he also have Light Hawk Wings and Ryoko's power?"  She 
gave a mental shrug.  "The future is never written, Washu.  Even I can be wrong 
about it."
	"Fine, don't tell me.  I'll just find out myself."
	"You always have."  She giggled.  Akira looked at the two women, wondering 
why they were suddenly laughing, and shook his head.
	"I must have the strangest family in the universe," he mumbled.  The boy 
stood up, and walked back to the shrine.
	"Mistress!"  Sasami and Washu jumped at the sudden cry.  Shadow Dog leapt 
out of a tree, and landed at Sasami's feet. 
	She looked at him, worry beginning to leak into her expression.  "Shadow?  
What is it?  Is something wrong?"
	"It's Ryoko," he stood, and looked out at the view, toward the house.  
"She... had a little accident while trying to prepare dinner."
	Sasami's eyes grew wide.  "What!  I told her not to cook dinner without 
me!"  She ran down the hill to the house.  Washu groaned, and shook her head.
	"When will that girl ever learn?"
	"Well, she's your daughter," Shadow muttered.  He ignored the look Washu 
gave him.  "I just hope we can get the scorch marks off the walls."

***

	"Achoo!"  Mayuka wiped the dust off of her nose as she pulled her school 
bag out of her closet.  She never even saw it during her vacations.  She'd just 
stuff it in a corner of her closet and try to forget about it.  Why worry about 
school?  She didn't even understand why she really had to go to school, when her 
tutor was the greatest genuis in the entire universe.
	She sighed, and tossed the bag onto her bed.  The room used to be her 
father's, before Washu built a new one for them.  Her grandfather Nobuyuki 
could've done it, as well, but he was always so busy.  Even though he was well 
over fifty, he worked himself hard.  You'd never guess that if you'd just met 
him.  
	Mayuka jumped at the unexpected creak outside her door.  It was late, and 
most everyone else was in bed.  It could've been Shadow Dog outside her door, 
trying to scare her.  Mayuka grinned, and quietly stood next to the door, 
waiting for it to open.  That damn mutt wasn't going to get her, this time.
	Her body tensed as she heard the door slide.  It opened just a little at 
first, and then quickly slid open.  Mayuka spun on the ball of her left foot, 
swinging her right leg around into the body standing in the doorway.  There was 
an "oof," and the body fell to the ground.  Mayuka laughed, and jumped into the 
doorway.  
	"Ha!  I finally got--"  She stopped when she saw the figure of her 
grandfather laying on his back in front of her.  His body was sprawled on the 
ground.  He moaned, and looked up, his eyeballs rolling in different directions 
in their sockets.  "Oh, my gosh!  Grandpa!"  She ran to his side, and put her 
hands under his arm, helping him to his feet.
	"May... Mayuka?"  Nobuyuki slowly stumbled into the girl's room.  
	"Grandpa, what were you doing sneaking up to my room like that?"  She 
scolded him, and helped him sit down on her bed.  She sat next to him, hoping he 
wasn't too badly hurt.
	Nobuyuki shook his head.  "Oh, that hurt."  He looked at Mayuka, "Why did 
you... nevermind."  He didn't understand anything women did, and had learned 
from a long life of experience not to question their motives, no matter what 
their age was.  
	"I'm sorry, Grandpa.  I just thought you might be Shadow, or something."  
She looked down, and then noticed the small pouch in her grandfather's hands.  
"Hm?  What's that?"
	Nobuyuki smiled, ignoring the small pain in his gut.  "Oh, this?"  He held 
it up for Mayuka to see.  It was a small, blue silk pouch, closed by a silver 
cord.  He opened the bag, and poured out it's contents into the palm of his 
hand.  A small ring dropped out.  It was a simple, silver band, with a shining 
blue gem set into it.  "This belonged to your grandmother, Achika."
	Mayuka looked at the ring, gaping.  "You mean, Daddy's mother?"  Nobuyuki 
nodded.  "Oh, wow!  It's beautiful!"
	"Yes, it was her favorite.  Father gave it to her, when she was about your 
age.  After she died, he told me to hold on to it, and to give it to Tenchi's 
daughter, when he had children."  He played with the ring in his fingers for a 
moment, it's shine bringing back so many memories, and then put it back in the 
bag, closing the cord tightly.  He held the bag out in front of Mayuka.  "Go on, 
Mayuka.  It's yours, now."
	Mayuka's eyes widened at the bag, and she slowly took it.  She looked at 
it in her hands for a moment, and then smiled.  "Thank you, Grandpa!"  She put 
her arms around him. 
	He chortled.  "Your welcome, Mayuka."  He hugged her, and looked at the 
bag laying on her bed.  "Getting ready to back to school, tomorrow, eh?"
	Mayuka frowned, and glanced at the bag.  "Yea.  I'm not very happy about 
it."
	"I never really liked school, either."  He laughed, and stood up to leave.
	"I'm sorry about kicking you, Grandpa." 
	He looked back.  "It's all right, Mayuka.  I guess it's hard to break old 
habits like sneaking around."  He grinned, and walked out.  "Good night, 
Mayuka."
	"Good night, Grandpa."  Mayka looked at the pouch in her hand, and smiled. 
She crawled over to the nightstand beside her bed, and put it in the top drawer.  
"Thanks."  She laid back on her bed, looking out the window at the night sky.  
So many stars.  She wondered if she'd ever get to visit them, someday.
	She looked up when she felt something land on her bed.  Ryo-ohki hopped up 
onto Mayuka's stomach, and miyad.  Mayuka giggled, and pet the cabbit's head.  
She laid her head back down as the cabbit curled up to sleep.  Both of them 
drifted into slumber.

***

	He woke with a start, his breath ragged and heavy.  When he realized he 
was awake, he wiped the sweat off of his face.  He hated nightmares.  For a 
brief second, he almost saw the face that was in his dream, just on the very 
edge of his perception.  That stern, disapproving face, looking down on him in 
judgement.
	"Lights."  The room was lit, and he looked around.  He was alone.
	"Sir?"  A holographic screen appeared in front of him, showing the face of 
his assistant.  He looked up, wearily.
	"Yes, Kenji?  What is it?"
	The young man's face was always serious, he noted.  "We are nearing the 
target planet, Sir.  Number 0315."
	He nodded.  "Yes, Kenji.  Understood.  I'll be right there."  The screen 
disappeared, and he rested his head in his hands.  Why did he keep seeing that 
face?  That cold, immovable face?

	He stepped out onto the bridge of his ship, fully dressed, and looked at 
the image on the screen.  A large blue ball sat in the middle of a black sea.  
"This is it?"
	Kenji nodded.  "Yes, sir.  We detected our target energy source in the 
northern hemisphere of this planet.  We also found several other anomalous 
readings, but their impact on the mission has yet to be determined."  Kenji 
turned to one of his panels, typing in commands. 
	He smiled.  Kenji was always so very helpful.  It was worth the young 
man's fee to keep a scientist in his employ.  He muttered the phrase that had 
driven him to this planet.  "And the one blessed by the blood of two goddesses 
will have the power to smash the Seal of Eternity, and loose the Talon."  A 
prophecy.
	He sighed, and took another look at the planet.  Now his plans would get 
more difficult.  His key to opening the Seal was down there.  Soon, he would 
have one half of the equation.  After this, all he would have to do is find the 
lock.
	"All right, Kenji.  Prepare to descend."

Author's Notes:  Ah, here I go again!  My sequel (ugh, I hate that word) to 
"From the Blood of the Gods" (plug!) is finally born.  If you're dissapointed in 
this one, don't worry!  It's only a prolouge.  I'm just trying to set a stage 
with this one.  The real plot will begin in the first part, and we finally get 
to see Mayuka grown up.  And I hope this answers any of my reader's questions 
about Tenchi and Ryoko's child in my series (amazing that the kid turned out 
well-adjusted, ain't it?)  As always, the complaint department is 
killersquid@ticnet.com

	
	        
