Disclaimer:
        I do not own any of these characters, they belong to AIC/PIONEER.
I don't make any form of money out this so don't sue me.

Note:
        This is my first try at writing a fanfic of any type.  So please
send any comments, criticism, and suggestions.
<rcastillojr@yahoo.com>

Tenchi Muyo Follow your heart

Chapter II.

(Morning)
        Sasami walks down the stairs about to head into the kitchen and
prepare breakfast when she spots both Tenchi and Ryoko asleep on the
couch.  She silently walks towards them until she is in front of them
where she can get a better view.  <They look so happy and at peace
together.  I'm glad Ryoko is fine, it would be lonely around here
without her.  She is like a second sister to me; also she is one of my
best friends.  I know Ayeka is feeling miserable for what she did to
her yesterday.  But if she were to see Tenchi holding onto Ryoko like
this she would probably attack her again.  They still have some time
before she wakes up, so I'll just leave them be for a little bit more
time.>  With a smile on her face and a little bounce on her step she
leaves the couple alone and heads towards the kitchen.
        A little bit later, Nobuyuki is also walking down the stairs, as
he is about to leave early for work.  He stops midway as he spots the
couple sleeping on the couch.  <Is that Tenchi with Ryoko in his arms?
Oh my God!  He finally made a decision and chose Ryoko.  That's my boy.
He is finally growing up and becoming a man.  I have to get my camera
and take some pictures of this moment before they wake-up.  Wait a
minute, the sound of the camera shutter lens might wake them up.  I
know, I'll use my new camcorder.  Besides, I can't think of any better
way to break it in.>  He rushes to his room and within miniutes he is
filming the couple as they lay there.  After five minutes of taping the
couple he goes into the kitchen to inform Sasami that he will not be
having breakfast with everyone.
        "Oh.  Good morning Mr. Misaki."
        "Good morning Sasami.  I came by to inform you that I will be
leaving early for work today, so I won't be eating breakfast."
        "We'll miss you.  But, I prepared something for you just in case
you left early."  She proceeds to give him a bento box from the
refrigerator.
        "Thank you Sasami.  I'll be sure to eat it when I get to the
office."
        As Nobuyuki drives off to work, Tenchi slowly begins to wakeup.
Looking around the room, Tenchi notices that he fell asleep on the
living room couch with Ryoko.  As he moves some of the cyan hair from
her face his mind begins to be flooded with images from the previous
night.  With a smile on his face he begins to whisper into her ear,
"Ryoko...Ryoko are you awake".
        With her eyes still closed she slowly replies, "Yes Tenchi, I've
been awake for some time now".
        "What?  Why didn't you wake me up?"
        "The truth is I love the feeling of being held by you that I just
wanted it to last a little bit longer."
Slightly blushing, Tenchi smiles as he leans over and kisses her cheek.
        With a seductive voice she states, "I think you can do better than
that Tenchi".
        Instantly, he turns her around as he gives her a long yet soft
passionate kiss.
        "Now that is definitely a much better way of saying good morning,
don't you think so Tenchi."
        Blushing slighly he replies, "Yes it is."
        "Good morning Tenchi and good morning Ryoko.  I'm so glad to see
that you are doing well after yesterday, Ryoko."
        Both of them look at Sasami with shocked expressions as they reply
in unison, "G...Good morning Sasami".
        "Has Ayeka woken up already",  asked Tenchi nervously.
        "Not yet.  But I'm pretty sure she'll be up and about pretty soon.
Did you want to tell her about you and Ryoko being a couple now."
        "Yes...No...W...Wait a minute how did you know about that?"
        "I saw you sleeping on the couch holding onto Ryoko.  Besides with
the smile both of you had on your faces, it was kind of obvious that
you're both in love with each other.  Well I have to finish making
breakfast now."  Tenchi stares at Sasami as she walks towards the kitchen.
        "Sasami, do you need any help?"  Asked Ryoko as she floated toward
the little princess.
        "No, I have everything under control.  But thanks for the offer
Ryoko."
        "Actually Sasami, I was kind of hoping you could teach me how to
cook."
        "Well since you put it that way, of course you can help."
        As both leave to the kitchen, Tenchi is sitting on the couch still
surprised by Sasami's observation.  <She knows.  Sasami knows about us.
I wonder if anyone else knows?  It is safe to assume that Ayeka does not
know yet since she is still asleep.>
        "Good morning Lord Tenchi."
        "Ack.  G...Good morning Miss Ayeka."
        "How is Ryoko doing this morning?"
        "R...Ryoko is fine.  She's in the kitchen with Sasami making
breakfast."
        "Oh good.  If you'll excuse me Tenchi, I must go and apologize to
Ryoko."
        "Ok."  <I wonder how she will take the news about us when she finds
out.>
        As Ayeka walks into the kitchen, she sees Sasami giving Ryoko
instructions on how to cut the vegetables properly.  "Excuse me."  Instantly
both student and teacher stop their task and look to the source of the
voice.
When Ayeka sees both of them looking at her, she gets on her knees and
bows deeply in Ryoko's direction .  "M...Miss Ryoko.  I...I have come to
ask for your forgiveness.  My actions were unjust and unbecoming of a
member from the house of Jurai.  I...I let my anger the better of me and let
it cloud my judgement.  I am sorry for the injuries I inflicted on you
yesterday.  I know that you may never forgive me for what I did, nor can I
forgive myself.  I'll understand if you do not wish to see or speak with me.
Miss Ryoko, I wish I could take away all the pain and suffering I inflicted
on you.  Please accept my apology and my word that this type of incident
will not happen again."
        Ayeka did not raise her head as she waited for Ryoko's answer.
        "Ayeka. You know that the energy discharge from Tenchi-ken
hurt alot.  But I bet that saying this to me was just as painful to you.  So
I'll accept your apology and hopefully we can work out something so as
to avoid any similar incidents."
        Ayeka ran over to Ryoko and huged her as she kept on
repeating, "Thank you Ryoko. Thank you".

        Within time, everyone is sitting at the table eating breakfast.  The
only difference is the sitting arraignments.  Ayeka is sitting between
Sasami
and Mihoshi while at the other end of the table Ryoko and Tenchi are
sitting next to each other.
        "So Tenchi, when do you and Ryoko plan to get married?" asked
Sasami.
He nearly chokes on his food from hearing Sasami's question.
        "Sasami, we still need to work on our relationship so it will be
sometime before Tenchi and I get married."
        "Excuse me, but the Emperor's ship will be arriving soon."
Announced
Washu-chan as she stepped out of her lab to join everyone at the table.
While
in unison they all replied, "Thank you, little Washu".
        Within moments the entire household is waiting outside when the
Jurian ships arrive.  Just as like the last time arrived, a beam of light
appears before them with three familiar figures comming into focus.
"Welcome back", greeted everyone as they bowed in respect.  "Mommy,
daddy", yelled both princesses as they ran to great their parents with
Ryo-Ohki following close behind them.  "How was your trip?  Why did
you come back to earth so soon?"  asked Ayeka.
        "All will be reviled within time little one", replied Lady Funaho.
        "Yosho, may I speak with you in private for a moment?" asked the
Emperor
as the rest of the family went inside the house.
        "Yes father, what is it you want to talk about?"  "Yosho, the
Jurai Supreme Council has asked me to name by successor within the
next few days.  I have come to ask you what is your decision?  Will you
take the throne?"
        "I'm sorry father, but I will not accept the throne, as you would
like.
I have made a decision a long time ago to spend the rest of my life in this
planet."
        The Emperor lowers his head as he clears his throat before
responding.
"Is that your final decision, Yosho?"
        "Yes father it it."
        "Then you leave me no choice my son.  As declared by the Supreme
Council
of Jurai, in case you declined the throne, the following punishment is
valid as
of this instant.  Yosho, you are here by striped of your title and all
rights
reserved as the prince of Jurai.  Furthermore, you are exiled to this
planet,
never to return to Jurai."
        "I...I understand father, I mean your majesty."
____________________________________________________________________________
___

        "Ryoko, can I have a word with you?"  asked Washu as they enetered
the house.  "Uh...sure."  Both mother and daughter walk into the lab.  Washu
guides her until they face a door Ryoko has never seen before.  "Through
this
door, little Ryoko."  As they walk in, the scenery within the unknown room
amazes Ryoko.  There is a pathway leading to a peaceful lake, which is
surrounded by a magnificent horseshoe shaped waterfall that is more splended
Iguassu falls of Argentina.  On either side of the path are rows of cherry
blossom trees, which are in full bloom.  <Wow.  This is definitely a work of
art especially for something created by Washu.  The waterfalls should be
making a thundering sound but all I can hear is the sound of a small
cascade.>
"When did you construct this Washu?"
        "It's been here for sometime now.  I come to this place when I want
to
relax and get away from it all."  Once they reach the end of the path, there
is a small island in the middle of the lake.  It has a table with two
floating
chairs on either side of it.  As they sir, a tea set appears before them.
As
Washu pours some tea into their cups she starts the conversation.
        "Now tell me Ryoko, how do you feel after yesterdays event?"
        "I feel fine.  It only hurts a bit when I laugh."
        "That's good to hear, but I meant how do you feel about Tenchi?"
        Slightly angry, Ryoko replies "How did you know about yesterday?
Did you
read my thoughts again!"
        "No."
        "Well then, tell me how you fond out about us!"
        "I was woken up by one of my alarms, when you left the lab.  After
that, I
monitored you to make sure you were fine.  That's how I found out about you
two."
        "Washu, m...mom, I love him more than anything in this or any
universe."
        "Thats good to hear Ryoko, but what would do if you were to lose
him?"
        "What are you implying mom!"
        "Nothing.  Nothing at all.  I just want to know what you would do if
such a
situation would arise."
        "I almost lost him once when he went to rescue me from Kagato.  But
thanks
to Tsunami, he is alive and here with us now.  Nothing like that will ever
happen
again.  Tenchi and I are in love and there is nothing in this universe that
will
ever come between us."
        "Yes, but what if something did happen to him and he were no longer
here?"
        "I said nothing like tht will ever happen to him again!  Not while
I'm
around!
Because, I...I would be empth without him and my life would have no
meaning.  There
would be no point in me continuing an empty existance if I could not be with
him."
        Washu starts to wipe the tears, which were forming on her eyes when
Ryoko called her mom.  "Mom are you alright?"
        "Yes, let's go with the others and find out what the Emperor has to
say."  As
they emerge from the lab, both the Emperor and Yosho walk into the living
room.

        Everyone in the house stops his or her activities as the Emperor
clears
his throat.  "Most of you are wondering why we have come back so soon.  Our
visit deals with the assigning of a successor to the throne.  To be honest
with
you all, my first and only choice for this title had been Yosho.  But since
he
recently declined the position, he has been exiled from Jurai and is no
longer
a member of the royal family."  Everyone is shocked by the announcement that
they all respond in unison, "What!".  "Furthermore, the Jurian Supreme
Council
has ruled that Tenchi be proclaimed as Ayeka's fiancee, since he beat Seiryo
in combat."  Ayeka is overwhelmed with happiness that she hugs Tenchi.
"Tenchi, you will be appointed as the next emperor of Jurai if you accept
this
responsibility."
        "Of course he'll accept it father, won't you Tenchi?"
        "Can I have sometime to think about this?  It is a very important
decision
after all."
        "Alright, you have one earth day to give me your answer."
        "Oh Tenchi isn't this wonderful, now we can be married and rule
Jurai
together as I have always dreamed we would."
        Sitting at the other side of the the couch, Ryoko looks at him with
a
note of sadness in her eyes as she softly whispers, "T...Tenchi".

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
---

        Later, Tenchi is walking near the lake while thinking of the events
which
happened earlier in the day.  <I can't believe it, grandpa is no longer a
member of the Jurian empire.  Why did he decline the throne when it was
offered
to him a second time?  What will happen if I decline the throne like
grandpa?
Will Ayeka and my family understand my decision?  And if I accept the
responsibility of being the next Emperor, what will happen to the
relationship
Ryoko and I have now?  These questions have too many possibilities with no
definite answers in black or white.  What I need right now is to speak with
someone who understands what I'm going through.  And that someone is
grandpa.>
As by chance he finds that his walk has taken him to the base of the stairs
which lead to the shrine.
        In the distance, Ryoko sees him walk up the stairs towards the
shrine
as she keeps an eye on him.  <I hate to see him so depressed like this.  It
brings back to many memories of being locked up int he cave and not being
able to comfort him.>  As she floats towards the shrine to follow him, Washu
stops her.
        "He need all the help he can get in making his decision.  Give him
some
time alone with Yosho.  Why don't you wait for him at the base of the stairs
for him when he comes back down."
        "B-But."
        "Don't worry my little Ryoko, he will always love you no matter what
he
decides", replies Washu in her adult form.
        Ryoko clings onto her mother and begins to cry on her shoulder.
"I...I just don't want to lose him.  Not after we both expressed our
feelings
for one another."
                Surprised by her daughter's forwardness, Washu tries to
comfort her
as best she can.  "There...there my little Ryoko, mommy is here.  Mommy will
always be here for you, no matter what."

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
---

        Tenchi walks up to the head office and knocks on the door.  "Come in
Tenchi, I've been waiting for you."
        As he enters the shrine office he begins to ask, "Grandpa, I.."
        "You want to know why I declined my fathers offer to be the next
Emperor."
        "Yes.  But how did you know I was going to ask you that."
        "I saw the expression on your face earlier today when the
announcement was
made.  Do you know, it is said that the eyes of an individual are the
pathways toward their inner soul?  And from what I see within your eyes at
this moment is confusion and fear.  Tenchi, I made a decision many years
ago that I would live and die on this planet.  This is the place where I
fell in love and
married your grandmother.  I loved her with all my heart and when our child
was
born I expressed the same amount of love with Achika.  Your mother was the
only
only child we ever had and when she passed away, I felt as if I had lost
them
both.  I vowed never to leave their side by staying with them forever.  If I
were to have accepted the throne it would have meant the same as if I had
never
made that vow.  I hope you understand why I refused to take the offer."
        "Yes, I understand grandpa.  But there are some reasons I can not
accept
the throne as well."
        "Would those issues be the lack of knowledge you have on the Jurian
system
of government or the part of you having to marry Ayeka."
        "Yes on both accounts.  I don't know a thing about the planet Jurai
but
I'm pretty sure Lady's Funaho, Misaki, and Ayeka would teach me what I need
to know.
But the issue of marriage is different.  You see, I...I'm in love with..."
        "You're in love with Ryoko."
        "Yes grandfather, I love her."
        "What about Ayeka?"
        "I do love her as well, but only as a friend."
        "You haven't told told her yet, have you?"
        "Yes, I've already told Ryoko that I love her."
        "I meant Ayeka."
        "No, she doesn't know about us yet."
        "Well then, you should tell her as soon as possible so she won't be
mislead anymore by false hopes."
        "Yes grandfather, I will as soon as I get a chance."
        "Tenchi, have you thought about what my father would do or say when
he
discovers about your relationship with Ryoko?"
        "No, I haven't."
        "There may be a possible chance that he may exile you as I was or he
may
punish Ryoko to get to you."
        "I...I didn't think about that possibility.  I guess I'll have to
ask him
what will happen if I decline the throne.  Thanks for the talk grandpa,
I'll go and talk
with the Emperor and see what options I have in making this decission."

        As Tenchi walks down the shrine steps he finds Ryoko waiting for him
at
the base of the steps.  "How are you doing Tenchi?  Did Yosho's advice help
you in your decision?"
        "Yes and do."
        "What do you mean by yes and no?"
        "Sweetheart, lets go for a walk and I'll tell you about it."
        "W-what did you just call me?"
        "Sweetheart, it's a name of affection given to someone you love."
        "I know what it means.  I just wanted to make sure I was hearing
right."
        She floats towards him and wraps her arms around his neck.  "Say it
again,
please."
        "Ok sweetheart, what do you say we make a day out of this."
As they walk hand in hand, Tenchi relates to her the conversation he had
with
his grandfather.  When he begins to finish relating the events of his
conversation with Yosho both he and Ryoko are standing on a hill that
overlooks the valley.  "And that is why he declined the throne.  After that,
he did point out some other things I should take into consideration."
        "Like what?"
        He slowly brought her into a soft embrace as he proceeded to speak.
"Our reltionship for one thing."
        "What about our relationship?"
        "Well for starters how do you think the rest of the family will take
the
news."
        "Sasami took the situation well this morning."
        "Yes, but she is like that always looking at the bright side fo
things.
Ayeka,
we can guess her reaction from yesterday's events.  Mihoshi, Lady Funaho,
Little Washu, and grandpa are the only ones who won't say much.  Lady
Misaki will probably do some bodily damage to me for making Ayeka cry.  The
only one who I fear the most is Emperor Azusa.  He dislikes me and who
knows if he still has a grudge against you for attacking Jurai."
        "Tenchi, why don't we just leave all this behind us and escape into
the
depths of space."
        "I wish we could Ryoko, but what if they go looking for us?"
        "We could live a life on the run with nothing but happiness where
neither
one of us would be seperated from the other."
        "That does sound good Ryoko, but what about our children?"
        Giving him a puzzling look she replies, "c...children".
        "Yes our children.  What kind of environment would we be raising our
family if we were always on the run."
        As the tears begin to accumulate in her eyes, Ryoko begins to cry
onto his
shoulder before speaking.  "I just don't want to lose you Tenchi."
        "Nor do I, Ryoko. Nor do I." replies Tenchi as he strokes the back
of her
head in order to calm her down.
        "Why does this have to happen to us now?"
        "I don't know darling, but I'll tell you one thing for sure.  I love
you
with all my heart and I know my life would be empty if you and I were to be
separated."  He begins to kiss her softly as they stand on top of the hill
while the sunrays amplify the beauty of the valley as it begins to descend
the sky.
        Later in the evening, Ryoko teleports both of them a short distance
from the house.  When the couple enter, both families greet them.  Ryoko
excuses herself to help Sasami in the kitchen with the meal preparation.
Tenchi walks up to the Emmperor and asks if they can have a word in private.
As they depart, Lady Funaho asks Washu if she can have a private chat before
dinner is served.  Ayeka begins to follow both women until Lady Funho
mentions
that the conversation will deal with matters of secrecy.  Complying with her
request, she turns on the television and begins to watch one of soaps she
recorded earlier.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        Both women walk into the lab toward the room where Washu had talked
to
Ryoko earlier in the day.  Lady Funaho is the first one to speak as they
near
the room, "Little Washu."
        "Yes, little Funaho."
        "How long has this been going on?"
        Washu motions for her to enter the room before replying to her
question.
"Are you referring to my daughter and your great-grandson?"
        "Yes, could you tell me how long have they been an item."
        They walk to the little island, which has a table with some tea
waiting
for them.  "Before I answer that question, I would like to know what tipped
you
off onto their affair?"
        "For starters they were both holding hands when I saw them earlier
today
at the base of the shrine.  And when they arrived back at the house a
couple of
minutes ago, they were still holding each other's hand but this time, their
fingers were intertwined so as not tobe separated.  But what really tipped
me
off was the look both of them had when they were separated a while ago.  It
was as if I were looking at a young couple who were about to be alone for
the
first time after a honeymoon."
        "Those are some pretty good observations, little Funaho."
        "Thank you."
        "Well to start their story, they proclaimed their love for one
another
yesterday.  Although, I believe they had been in love with one another for
a much longer time.  I have the event recorded if you would like to see
it."  Instantly, a monitor appears adjacent to both women.
        "Were you spying on them?"  replies Lady Funaho as the scene of
Tenchi and
Ryoko dancing on the dock appears on the monitor.
        "No, one of my security cameras was tracking Ryoko to make sure she
was
fine after the injuries she received from yesterdays incident."
        "Incident, what kind of incident would cause her injuries?"
        "I'll tell you in a minute, just watch the screen or you'll miss it.
Don't they look so happy together? Oh, here comes the part you wanted to
see."
After several minutes of seeing her great-grandson kiss Ryoko and tell her
he loves her, she begins to wipe some of the tears, which had formed within
her eyes.  "They do appear to be happy together.  Who else knows about
them?"
        "I believe, Yosho is the only other preson to know for the time
being."
        "Could you please tell me of this incident which caused your
daughter
several injuries?"
        Washu proceeds to inform the queen on the battle between the two
girls.
Also describing the amount and extreme of the injuries, which Ryoko
received from Tenchi-ken.  When she finished informing her about the
incident, Lady Funaho remained speechless for some time.  "Excuse me little
Washu, but I must speak with Tenchi.  Also, I must have a word with both my
sister Misake and Ayeka."  She stand up and is escorted by Washu to the
exit.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

        "Have you made a decision already?"
        "No, not yet your makesty.  I wanted to ask you some questions which
deal with my decision."
        "What would you like to know."
        "When my grandfather declined the throne he was exiled to this
planet
for the rest of his life."
        "Yes."
        "I wanted to know what would happen to me if I were to make a
similar
decision."
        "You would be exiled to earth as well.  Mihoshi would be assigned to
patrol another sector.  Ayeka and Sasami would go back home to Jurai, along
with Ryoko who would be facing a trial."
        "What?  Wasn't her galaxy wanted file erased by the statue of
limitations law implemented by your supreme council?"  "You are correct, her
file was erased due to the statue of limitation law.  But I know that she
has been fighting with Ayeka.  Also, during some of those battles she has
fired energy beams at my daughter.  By firing on her, she was in fact firing
on the Jurian Empire.  As a result, she will be charged with treason and
after
her trial she will be executed."
        "NO!!! I will not allow you or anyone to harm her!"
        "Oh.  In that case, I suggest that you accept the position offered
to you.
 If you do, any and all previous incidents and disputes between Ayeka and
Ryoko will be forgotten."
        "Is that the only choice I have?"
        "In order to save her, yes.  So what is it going to be?"
        "If it means saving Ryoko, I'll accept your offer."
        "Good, now you will become the next ruler of the most powerful
empire in
the universe.  Also, you will be married to my daughter Ayeka who is no
doubt a
much better choice than that piece of space trash.  Now lets go and tell
everyone of your decision."
        "Let's wait a while, I need to speak to someone first.  But just
remember
that I'm doing this in order to save Ryoko.  Also, if you or anyone from
your world ever hurts her, I will make you pay."

        As Tenchi walks back into the house, Lady Funaho intercepts him.
"Excuse me Tenchi, could we talk for a moment."
        Knowing he can not resist her request, he replies, "Yes Lady
Funaho."
They both proceed up the stairs toward his room.  As Tenchi sits on his bed,
Funaho notices the worried expression on his face and sits next to him.
        "Tenchi, is something bothering you?"  He doesn't reply to her
question
as he looks at the floor.  "Have you made a decision already?"
        "Y...yes, I have chosen to accept the throne and m...marry Ayeka."
        "Excuse me.  What about Ryoko, I thought you two were in love."
        "Yes we are.  I love her more than anything and would do anything to
save her."
        "I know about that, but why have you chosen to marry Ayeka?"
        "I made my decision in order to save her life."
        "What do you mean save her life?"
        "According to Emperor Azusa, if I don't accept the throne and marry
Ayeka, Ryoko will be put on trial and executed for treason."
        "I see.  Let me tell you something he probably didn't want you to
know.
As a member of the Nobel families and future Emperor of Jurai, you are
allowed
to have two wives."
        "What?  You mean to say, I can save her now and still be with her
even when I become Emperor?"
        "Yes, you can be with her and marry her if you want to."
        He embraces his great-grandmother while saying, "thank you Lady
Funaho,
thank you."
        "Tenchi, could you call me grandmother just this once.  It would
really
make me happy."
        "Of course, thank you grandmother what would I do without you."
        "Your welcome my child.  Now go and tell the news to your beloved
Ryoko
before the Emperor announces your decision."

        When they descend the stairs, they find everyone is waiting in the
living room for them.  Emperor Azusa begins to clear his throat in order to
get everyone's attention once more.  "Everyone, I have an announcement to
make.  Earlier today, Tenchi informed me that he had come up with an answer
to his decision.  I am pleased to announce that he has decided to accept the
responsibility of being the next emperor of Jurai.  Also, his wedding to
Ayeka
will be held in two days after which we shall leave Jurai in order to start
his training on handling matters of state."  Everyone begins to congratulate
him except Ryoko who ran out of the house crying once the announcement was
over.
        When he tries to leave and find Ryoko, Ayeka stops him.  "I'm so
happy
you decided to marry me Tenchi.  I thought I was going to lose you to that
demon."
        "Don't call her that!  Ayeka, we need to talk."  He proceeds to lead
her out of the house in order to communicate with her in private.
        "Ayeka, please understand what I'm about to say.  I am marring you
in
order to save Ryoko from your father's wrath.  Also, Lady Funaho has
informed
me that as a member of a Nobel family and future Emperor of Jurai, I am
allowed
to have two wives.  For this reason, I have decided to make Ryoko my first
wife
as soon as possible.  The reason beign is because, I love her."
        Stepping away from him she replies, "What!  How could you ever fall
in
love with a monstrosity like that?  Besides that, there is no way I would
ever
share you with someone like her!"
        "Stop insulting her!  I love her and I will not allow you or anyone
to
insult nor mistreat her again!"
        "But Tenchi, I love you, don't you feel the same towards me?"
        "Yes Ayeka, I love you but only as a friend, nothing more.  Even
when we
become husband and wife, I will still consider you as my friend."
        "But what will we tell our children?"
        "I'm sorry Ayeka, but Ryoko is the only one I plan to have a family
with."
        Unable to hold back the tears, Ayeka turns around and runs towards
the
woods crying hysterically.
        Tenchi looks at her retreating form as she disappears from his sight
and
whispers, "I'm sorry Ayeka."
