The Day of Fools  Part 1 - "Morning Madness"
By Aldrich "GenSao" Bautista (GenSao@geocities.com)

Author's Forward:  This is my second attempt at a fan fic.  So please
don't flame me if it stinks.  I never finished my first one.  I would
like to hear any constructive comments and corrections.

Tenchi Muyo is copyrighted (c) 1992-1998 by AIC * Pioneer LDC. All
rights reserved.  The story "The Day of Fools" is mine and can not be
posted with out my written permission.

Last Date of Revision:  8/6/98
-------------------------

Sasami sat down and pulled out a book from a small brown bag sitting on
the dining table. She began browsing through it.  Always wanting to
diversify her menu, the princess had bought several books from a foreign
book store.  Sasami emptied the bag onto the table, she noticed an extra
book.  Perhaps the sales clerk had misplaced it by accident.  Having
read the title, Sasami got excited and hastily deposited all the books
into the safety of their original container.  She hurried and hopped
onto the nearby sofa and began reading the book.  The book, having to
deal with various holidays and traditions of different Earth cultures,
peaked the interests of the young princess.

Ryo-ohki entered the room and hopped on Sasami’s lap.  There, the cabbit
fell into a light slumber in the warmth of of her companion.  She barely
acknowledged the cabbits presence and continued to read the book with
great interest.

"AH HA!" Sasami finally proclaimed in great excitement. The cabbit
awoken to the pig-tailed girl's sudden outburst.  Sasami received and
idea that a part of her really liked.  It awakened a part that we rarely
saw.  She knew better not to go forward with the idea, but it had taken
over.  Her conscious was throw aside as this idea churned in her head. 

"Miya?" Ryo-ohki wondered as the princess gently placed the cabbit on
her head.  Sasami smiled wickedly.  She would need to prepare.  Yes. 
Prepare for what she has planned for the rest of her family.

***

Sitting on her floating pillow, Washu, the greatest scientific genius in
the universe, was busy devising a plan on getting that last sample she
needed.  Her previous attempts had failed thanks to interruptions by a
certain blond detective.

The famous mad scientist train of thought was interrupted when she
noticed
a visitor had arrived with the ringing of her crab bell.  Turning her
head, she smiled.

"Hello Sasami, is it tea time already?" Washu asked.

"Nope." Sasami replied smiling.

"May I help you then?"

"Hai!  I want to play around a little.  May I borrow one of your
inventions?  I believe it was reference number 1998-69666"

"Why would you want to borrow that toy?"

Sasami simply grinned.

Washu grinned in return.  "So do you need anything else from me?"

Sasami nodded.  "Can you disappear for just tomorrow?  Seal the door to
your dimension and place a sign that says 'I am busy working on another
plant, I'll be back in a few days'."

"Ummm... Sure but..."

"Don't worry."  The princess smiled, "no harm will be done."

"Sure, but I am only letting you borrow this device because I trust you
won't abuse it for personal gains like the others will."

The princess simply nods.

Washu suddenly snapped her fingers and a small device appeared in her
hands.  It was approximately the size of your average TV remote control
with several multicolored buttons on top.  "I will 'disappear'
tomorrow.  Have fun Sasami-chan"

"Hai!" exclaimed Sasami, "I will"

With that, Sasami hurried out of Washu's lab with the contraption in her
arms.  Washu smiles at the departure of the little princess.  The
scientist immediately complied with Sasami’s request by sealing her lab
off from the Masaki house and placing the sign on the door.

"Tomorrow will be a fun filled day in the Masaki household." Washu
exclaimed to herself as she double checked that her spy cameras all over
the house were operational.  "I must keep an excellent record of the
upcoming events."

***

Sasami awoke in the middle of the night.  The blue haired goddess
smiled. It was the day she was waiting for.  The day her plans would
take effect.

The hands of a nearby clock were all pointing at the number three.  She
got up and carried Ryo-ohki to the hallway.  There, Sasami proceeded to
a near by linen closet and extracted Washu's invention from its hidden
alcove.  Sasami glanced about.  Ensured that her movements were not
monitored, she left.

The lights of the kitchen flickered on.  The blue haired one placed the
small device on the counter.  She smiles at Ryo-ohki.  The cabbit
returned the said smile.  She wanted Ryo-ohki's assurance that she is
still willing to help her in this adventure.

"Ryo-ohki, are you sure you are willing to go along with my plan?"  The
princess asked.

"Miya!"  The cabbit happily reaffirmed.

Sasami pulled out a carrot and rewarded her willing accomplice. 
Ryo-ohki happily munched on the carrot as the princess looks over the
device.  Sasami reexamined the manual Washu left with the devise.  After
a few minutes of skimming, the princess smiled.

"Ready to go, Ryo-ohki?" Sasami asked.

"Miya!" The cabbit replied happily.

With Ryo-ohki following, Sasami headed for her first victim. She quietly
sneaked up to the third floor of the Masaki house.  The mischievous
princess slowly opened the door to Tenchi's room.  With a giggle, she
entered.

***

The sun rose over the vocanic mountains of Japan.  Bright beams pierced
through a window into the eyes of its first victim.  Tenchi awoke
drowsily this fine morning.  He slowly got out of bed and didn't notice
anything different or for that matter unusual.  He decided to take a
quick refreshing shower.

Tenchi left the room still not feeling much around his surroundings. 
Last night Aeka and Ryoko had another one of their fights.  It lasted a
long time and he was still tired from the ordeal.

Tenchi Masaki somehow found the shower in his drowsy state and removed
his cloths.  He hastily discarded his cloths in a nearby hamper, still
somewhat delirious form lack of sleep.  As he entered the shower, the
Jurian prince noticed something obviously different.  His eyes widened,
blood trickled form his nose, and he fell unconscious.

***

The bright light also woke up a sleeping demoness.  She was exhausted
from last night.  Ryoko cursed to herself, <That damn Aeka.  She started
it...  I still feel tired.  Damn!  Oh well, I guess I will go wake
Tenchi.>  She wickedly smiled as she got up and attempted to phase into
the nearby room.

*BAAAM*

<Huh?> Ryoko thought, <Why can't I phase through this wall?> She tried
again to no avail.

"BAAM*

<Hmmm, wait a minute!> Ryoko thought, <Why is Sasami sleeping in my
room?>  Then it struck her.

"NNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, It must be a dream!!!"

***

Aeka awoke to the sound of screaming which somehow seemed familiar.  The
princess cursed the demon that had to try, again, to steal her Tenchi
away from.  She got up and noticed a few things about her demeanor.  She
noticed that her breasts were more developed and that she was wearing a
tight, skimpy outfit similar to the one worn by a infamous space
pirate.  Aeka was in shock!

"This can not be, this is not hap...." Aeka stopped talking to herself
and noticed the familiar voice that belongs to her enemy.  With quick
glance around the room confirming  her whereabouts, the princess
decided to react.

"NNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!" cried the angered princess. 

***

Mihoshi awoke to hear familiar bickering coming from the hall.  It
always seems that Ryoko and Aeka are always constantly fighting.  It was
her duty as a Galaxy Police officer to maintain order.  Thus the
detective got up, totally unaware about the change in her wardrobe and
figure.  As he proceeded to the door to egress the room, she passed a
mirror.

"Ohayoo Tenchi!" Mihoshi exclaimed to the mirror waving her hand as the
reflection waved back in a harmonized fashion.

Not noticing anything unusual, the Galaxy Police detective headed out
the door of the third floor bedroom.  It was her duty as a Galaxy Police
officer to stop their fighting.

***

"Ryoko!  What do you think you are doing stealing my body!"  screamed
the princess in the body of the pirate.

"What!  I didn't steal your body!  Why would I steal a body that doesn't
even compared to my own!  I should be asking you that question!"  Ryoko
countered in Aeka's form.

"Grrrrrr...  What do you mean?  I would never do such a thing I wouldn't
want to have the body of a tainted character of your reputation"

"Well, how bout if I taint your reputation with Tenchi?  Heh heh, A
crack of the whip sounds fun."

"You wouldn't dare..."

"Want to try me Princess.  After I am done with Tenchi, your reputation
won't get you squat."

"Why you....."

"Oh ho ho ho... Tenchi, you will concede to my love or pay the price...
Snap!"

"And what if he finds out it was you using my body to do such nasty
things... you criminal!"

"Ummm, Well...." Ryoko wavered.

"Ill tell you!  Tenchi will probably hate you for abusing my body.  His
love for me will blossom.  You will be tossed aside like another piece
of trash!  Oh ho ho ho ho...."

"Aeka, Why I a......"

Before Ryoko could intercede, a familiar male voice interrupted.

"Won't you girls stop fighting!"  Mihoshi shouted not noticing the
change in her voice.

Aeka and Ryoko tuned to the image of Tenchi and both simultaneously
replied to him,  "Sorry... Tenchi..."

"Huh, where is Tenchi, I though I saw him when I woke up."

The rivals face faulted.

"Ummmm Lord Tenchi are you feeling well?" inquired Aeka.

"Where is Tenchi?  And Ryoko, why are you addressing Tenchi as Lord
Tenchi...  I never heard you say that before?  Hmmmm..."

"Tenchi? Are you ok, you are acting strange?" asked Ryoko.

"Why do you keep calling me Tenchi!  My name is Mihoshi!  You got
that... M-I-H-O-S-H-I"

Both Aeka and Ryoko looked strangely at the Tenchi that clamed to be
Mihoshi.  Something strange is happening.

"Miyaaaa, Miya, Miya!  Miyaaaaaa, Miya, Miya!" a familiar voice sung.

Everyone tuned their attention to what seemed like Sasami playing with
her hands and doing a little dance.  All the observers stared with
confusion.

Aeka inquired, "Are you ok Sasami?"

The blue haired girl approached that cyan haired woman and started to
talk.

"Miya Miya!"

"Err... Sasami is that you?"  Aeka wondered?

"Hah hah hah...  Don't you get it?" Ryoko laughed, "It is Ryo-ohki, I
can recognize what she is saying.  She thinks you are me..."

A smiling cabbit enters behind the original occupant of its body.

"Ahhh... so this must be my sister Sasami."  Aeka pointed to the cabbit.

Sasami mentally says to Aeka, <Hello sister, what is happening?   I woke
up in Ryo-ohki’s body.>  The princesses now have the mental link Ryoko
and Ryo-ohki used to shared.  It was fortunate that Aeka respected the
privacy of her sister, or Sasami’s fun could have ended a little shorter
than expected.

"What is the cause of this?"  Aeka wondered verbally.

"MOM!!  It must be her doing!"  Ryoko shouted.  The pirate in a
princess's body started to walk downstairs.  An action in its self alien
to Ryoko.  She had always phased up or down the stairs.

The others followed suit.

***

Tenchi woke again from the shock he received from earlier this morning.

<It must have been a bad dream.  Yes!  A bad dream!> he thought to
himself as he attempted to get up.

Tenchi opened his eyes and noticed in the refection of a nearby mirror
the tanned body that he was in.  He saw the curly yellow hair firmly
placed on his head.  Blood tricked down his nose as he gasped at
Mihoshi’s beautiful features, features that most men his age never gets
to see.  The young prince fainted again falling to the floor.

***

In front of the door to Washu's dimensional lab, what seemed to be a
ensemble of a cabbit, Tenchi, two princesses, and a space pirate gazed
at a note plastered on the door of the lab.

  "Sorry, I am not in at the moment.  I am on another planet doing
  research and won't be back until tomorrow."
     --Washu, The greatest scientific genius in the universe

The group was speechless.  A few seconds later, Ryoko broke the silence.

"Damm!  On another planet my butt! I didn't see her leave at all!  This
isn't funny."

"But, she had gone the day before.  Sasami said that she saw Washu leave
for parts unknown yesterday.  And Sasami believes it wasn't Washu's
fault."  Aeka told the group.  She was being fed the information viva
their mental link.

"I still think she is still up to no good though.  It is just like her
to cause chaos with one of her inventions." replied Ryoko.

"Miya miyya miiya Miya!  the blue haired girl said.

Ryoko interpreted Ryo-ohki’s speech, "So you wee there also, hmmm....
Still I don't trust mom, she prob..."

***

"Hah ha ha ha ha ha!"

On a planet in another dimension away a scientist was monitoring the
days events evolve live.  Washu was watching with great interest on
several big screen monitors and the latest in stereo equipment that
would make anyone envious.  With a bag of popcorn in one had and a
remote control in the other, the red haired genius smiled.

"Sasami, great plan!  I can't wait to see what happens next."

Washu smile widened even more as she monitors the entrance of another
participant to the days events.

"Ahh this will get very interesting."

***

The door of the Masaki home opened revealing the Shinto priest of the
nearby shrine.  Yosho entered the house noticing the group of people
notably arguing in front of the closet.  Yosho sighed.  <This happens
all too frequently.> he thought to himself.

"Tenchi!" Yosho yelled, "Get ready for practice later on today!"

The fighting stopped and everyone was looking at Yosho.

Mihoshi Replied, "Tenchi?  I don't know where he is, may be in his
room."

Yosho face faulted.  The half Juraian was surprised to see Tenchi say
that.  He even was more surpassed to see Sasami miyaing and what seemed
to be his sister pounding on the door to Washu's lab calling, "MOM!  Let
us in!"

"My brother, something terrible has happened!" Aeka cried, as she
wrapper her arms around him.

The priest was totally shocked to see what seemed to be the space pirate
hugging him.  He didn't know what to say at all as several seconds
passed.  Slowly Yosho realized what had seemed to happen.  Yosho decided
to act with some hesitation in his voice.

"Aeka, I think I understand what is the situation, but let us go to the
living room to discuss what has happened.  I need to understand what is
going on."

With that, the entire group followed the priest into the living room. 
There they made themselves comfortable.  The blue haired girl was eating
carrots.  The rivals stared at each other, as the small cabbit smiled in
between them.  The young man was almost falling asleep.

Ryoko and Aeka filled Yosho in on the details on what was happening so
far.  After digesting this information Yosho then asked a simple
question.

"Where is Tenchi, or should I say the body of Mihoshi?"

Everyone shook their head in reply except for Mihoshi.  She had already
fallen asleep.  

"Hmmmm... I think we should go look for him..."  Yosho wondered

Everyone nodded with agreement.

"Then it is settled, Ill look in the house, Sasami check if he is around
the space tree Funaho, Ryoko the carrot Field, Aeka the shine and
vicinity, Ryo-ohki the lake and it's vicinity, and Mihoshi will look in
the onsen if she ever wakes up."

The group disperses on the lookout for the person in Mihoshi’s body. 
Mihoshi just slept there.

Yosho smiled.  He had sent the others on a wild goose chase.  It would
take the others some time to realize this.  The priest didn't want to
imagine the chaos if one of the other girls found his grandson first. 
The priest knew that Tenchi would be still be in the house, and thus
retrieved Tenchi before the others could.

***

"What happened?"

A drowsy blond began to wake up.  This time in one of the guest bedrooms
of the house.  There were two others in the room, his grandfather and
what seem to be his body drowsily playing with a pink cube.

The priest spoke, "Tenchi, are you ok?"

"I think so... What happened?"

Tenchi's grandfather thus explained the days events.  Although Tenchi
couldn't believe it, he was living proof
that it actually happened.  For some reason he had switched bodies with
the first class detective.  As he contemplated the situation, Tenchi
noticed a chill in the air.  He wasn't wearing any cloths, despite those
hentai readers wishes a blanket covered most of his body.

"Now you need dress in the right fashion, that is why I brought Mihoshi,
she can help you get into one of her outfits.  I'll wait outside."

Mihoshi giggled as Yosho departed the room, "It is time to play dress
up!"

Tenchi screamed in shear horror!

***

End Part 1

-------------------------

Author’s Afterward:  About character abilities, I assume that the
abilities of each character is based on the body.  The character may
have the ability to use the weapon, but not the knowledge to effectively
use such power.  I hope you enjoyed this story.  C&C is really
appreciated.

You can get this Fan Fic, as well as any other Tenchi Muyo Fan Fics from
my archive located at:

http://memebers.xoom.com/gensao/

Thanks for reading!