"For a Princess"

For anyone who's followed a dream
Only to fall like a golden star
Or wished to be somebody else
Other than who they really are
For anyone who wants to laugh out loud
And scream in joy and pain
Or dance among the fluffy clouds
And stand out in the soaking rain
For anyone who ever fell in love
And gave away their heart
Only to taste the bitter defeat
And have it torn apart
For anyone who has wished to run
Who is tired of having to wait
For a princess, most noble one
You can't escape your fate

Note:
This story doesn't follow any particular Tenchi
Muyo! series.  It contains elements of all of
them (except Shin Tenchi or Tenchi in Tokyo).
For example, Washu is Ryoko's mother, but
Ryoko met Tenchi as in the television series.  She
was not imprisoned in the shrine by Yosho.  So if
you have any questions or are confused about
something, e-mail me at this address:
frozen_angel18@hotmail.com  I'll try to answer
your questions!

Disclaimer:
I do not own any of these Tenchi Muyo! characters,
they are copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer.  This fic
is for entertainment value only, not for profit.  So
please don't sue me, I'm broke.

"Gazing into the dark abyss of blackness,
she realized her long trek through life
had reached its peak as she fell
limply to the floor."
~Sondra G.

*For a Princess*
A Tenchi Muyo! epic fanfic by
Heather B. Kytes

1: Gazing into the Future

<Aeka>
I noticed a change in Miss Ryoko about a month ago.  You
may be wondering why I would care about such a thing,
and normally I'm sure I wouldn't, since I'd never
consider caring about that monster or her feelings, but
the change was so drastic it caught my attention.  I
was sweeping the porch one November morning, moving my
broom *around* the sleeping form of Mihoshi, when I
spotted a figure coming out of the woods.
        I recognized the pirate immediately.  No one else
has hair like *that*.
        "Miss Ryoko," I said when she was close enough to
hear.  "How dare you sneak out early just to avoid your
chores?  I swear, if you ever do this again, I'll--"
        I broke off in midsentence as I saw the expression
on Ryoko's face.  Her golden eyes were downcast, a dead
look haunting their depths, her face a ghostly shade of
white.  Her shoulders were slumped and instead of the
usual proud way she carried herself, she looked like a
crumpled sack.
        "Ryoko," I said, trying hard to keep the worry
out of my voice.  I blinked a few times, wondering if
I were dreaming.  This certainly seemed like some other,
weird reality I'd slipped into.
        Ryoko ignored me, and as if I wasn't there, she
walked past me into the house.
        I debated going after her, then figured I wouldn't
have been able to do anything about it anyway.  It's not
like we're best friends or anything, or even anything
*close* to that.  "It's probably that time of the
month," I murmured, chuckling to myself as I continued
sweeping.
        "Ow!" Mihoshi shouted, bolting upright as my broom
accidentally struck her in the face.
        That was September.  Now it's an unusually cold
December and Ryoko's still not back to her old self.
So much for my 'time of the month' theory.  Sure, she
still fights with me occasionally, but now the fights are
few and far between, and, I've noticed, never about
Tenchi.  Usually she's too busy sitting in the armchair
by the window and looking out, as if she wants to go
outside and fly away.   I've felt like that before.  At
least *she* can do it.  What does she know of obligation
and promises?  There's no place in the galaxy I could
hide and not be found by my parents, the most powerful
ruling family in the universe.  There's no escaping my
destiny.
        I sighed as I sat on the couch, knitting a sweater
for Sasami.  This would probably be her Christmas gift
from me.  The sweetheart, she never asked for much.  My
eyes moved to the still figure of Ryoko sitting alone
in the chair she seemed to have claimed as hers.  She
never seemed to blink as she stared out the window at
the dark cold of night.
        "Do you need a blanket, Ryoko?" Kiyone asked,
turning her face from the television screen and looking
at the pirate.
        "No."  Ryoko's voice was a mere, haunted whisper.
        Kiyone and I exchanged glances.  "You don't want
to catch cold," Mihoshi added.  "Let me get you a
blanket."
        "I don't need one."
        I stared down at my knitting.  I was beginning to
worry.  This was definitely not normal.
        "Maybe Washu will know what's wrong with Ryoko,"
Kiyone whispered to me.  "She created her, after all."
        "She told us not to disturb her until tomorrow
afternoon," I reminded her.  "I'll ask her then."
        Kiyone nodded, returning to her television program.
I glanced once more at the space pirate sitting by the
window.  And in the moonlight, I saw a tear roll down
her cheek.

        Aeka asked Washu about Ryoko the next day,
but Washu basically blew her off, saying that it
was probably a shift in mood due to the imminent
lunar eclipse.  That sounded like a bunch of
b.s. to Kiyone.  As the days of December rolled on and
the lunar eclipse passed without incident, it became
clear that Ryoko's behavior was no mere phase.
        "So," Kiyone said to her one night when they
were both in the living room alone.  She was watching a
sitcom as Ryoko sat in her chair listlessly.  "Do you
know what you want for Christmas yet, Ryoko?"
        "Nothing," Ryoko said.
        "Come on," Kiyone prodded.  "There must be
something you want."
        "I won't get what I want," Ryoko said darkly,
lifting her face towards the ceiling.
        "You won't know until you ask for it," Kiyone
tried again.
        Ryoko sighed, getting to her feet.  "Some
things, Kiyone," she said.  "You just know."  She
walked towards the door, but before she could leave,
Mihoshi, Aeka, and Tenchi came wandering in, all
through with their daily chores (Mihoshi's "chore"
being napping, as usual, damn her, thought Kiyone).
        "Where do you think you're going?" Mihoshi
asked Ryoko.
        "Out."
        Kiyone caught Aeka's worried gaze and flashed
her one of her own.  Tenchi seemed oblivious as he
sat in Ryoko's now unoccupied chair and turned it
away from the window to face the television.
"Anything good on?" he asked Kiyone.
        "No," Kiyone replied, concentrating on Mihoshi
and Ryoko.
        "Ryoko, you have to see this new TV show, it's
so cool!" Mihoshi said excitedly, grabbing her arm
and pulling her to the couch.  "Kiyone, turn it to
channel 36."
        She obeyed her wordlessly, curious to see how
Ryoko would react to this forced interaction.  Aeka
sat in the other empty chair and watched, biting her
nails.
        Wow, she has to be really anxious to
bite her nails, Kiyone thought.  She gets like eight
hundred dollar manicures to keep them looking perfect.
        "See, Ryoko!  This is such a cool show, isn't
it?  Hey, what do you want for Christmas?" Mihoshi
babbled, keeping up the inane chatter, none of which
Ryoko responded to.
        "Yeah, Ryoko, Christmas is in a week and a
half," Tenchi spoke up.  "You haven't told any of
us what to get you."
        "Don't worry about it," Ryoko said dully, her
eyes only half-focused on the television.
        Tenchi furrowed his brow at her.  *He must
know something's wrong* Kiyone thought.  *He
should know that a normal Ryoko would have flown
into his lap by now!*  Besides, Ryoko usually
beamed when Tenchi was paying attention to her,
but right now she looked like she couldn't care
less whether or not he talked to her or passed out
dead on the ground!
        "Ryoko," Tenchi said.  "I'm getting you a
Christmas present no matter what, so you might as
well tell me something you'd like."
        "Don't bother!" Ryoko yelled, leaping to
her feet and surprising the rest of them into
silence.  "There won't be a Christmas for me so
just drop it!"  She phased out of the room, and they
all heard the door to the hot springs slam behind
her.
        The rest of them stared at each other in
shock.  "What was that?" Tenchi asked, as if the
others would know.
        Kiyone shrugged helplessly at him.  "How the
hell should I know?"
        Mihoshi's program ended, and immediately, the
news came on.  "Top story tonight, notorious
space pirate Kagato, who was presumed dead last year
when pieces of his ship were found floating near the
moon, is now thought to be alive.  A manager of a
recently robbed bank identified someone matching
Kagato's description as the culprit.  With the rest of
the story is news anchor Lisa Goodman."
        Everyone leaned forward, listening intently.  This
couldn't be real.
        "This can't be," Aeka murmured, voicing Kiyone's
feelings exactly.
        "Thank you, Clark.  This bank behind me, the
First Federal Bank of Jurai, was held up two days
ago.  The robber got away with ten millions dollars
he carried away in two huge bags.  The robbery
happened late at night, and an accomplice had the
getaway spaceship ready and waiting for the robber
as he escaped.  The bank's manager, Carl Watson, was
working at the time, and claims he was held at
gunpoint by none other than Kagato himself.  Many
theories are floating around as to how Kagato could
possibly have survived the explosion of his ship,
the Soja.  One such theory--"
        The television cut off abruptly.  "Hey!" Kiyone
yelled,  at Mihoshi, who'd accidentally pressed the
power button on the remote in her fear.  "Turn it back
on!"
        Mihoshi fumbled with the remote, and the batteries
fell out.  "Oops," she said.
        Tenchi leapt up and turned the television on
manually, but it was too late.  They were already
covering the next story.
        "Tenchi?" Aeka asked, sounding frightened.  "Kagato
can't actually be alive, can he?"
        Tenchi reassured her, "Of course not," but he was
lying and knew it.  Kagato was a clever one.
        "This is bad," Mihoshi whimpered.
        Kiyone agreed.  Kagato being alive could be *very*
bad, because he was sure to hold a grudge against most
in the house.  She was partially glad she hadn't been
around when he'd attacked.
        "It'll be okay," Tenchi said to Mihoshi.  "If
Kagato comes here, we'll deal with him."
        *I hope you can* Kiyone thought to herself.
*I hope you can*

Tenchi was worried.
        He knew he shouldn't be.  Ryoko could take care
of herself.  She had proven that time and time again.
But this was different.  It didn't take a genius to see
that.  She had *changed*.  He couldn't explain how or
why, but she had lost that sparkle of life.  It
flickered sometimes, yeah, but it was not the same.
        Tenchi stood there, watching her as she gazed up
towards the sky.  She was propped up on her elbows,
stretched out on the roof.  Tenchi had used the ladder
to get up there, and now he just watched the spiky-
haired pirate without saying a word.
        "What do you need, Tenchi?" Ryoko asked dully.
There was a total lack of enthusiasm in her words.
For lack of a better word, *Tenchi's* Ryoko would have
pasted herself onto him by now.
        He stepped towards her.  "Ryoko," he said
tentatively, trying to steady his voice.  He wasn't
sure how he felt about the whole situation:  If he
was angry at her for being this way and shutting
everyone out, or if he was more scared for her
well-being.  "You've been acting different lately,"
he said finally, taking a seat by her.
        She glanced at him once out of the corner of
her eyes, then shrugged, her gold eyes aimed at the
clouds.  "I don't think so."
        "Oh, come on," Tenchi said, slightly annoyed.
"You're like a totally different person."
        "People change."
        He gritted his teeth.  Why was she making this
so hard?  Why did she always want to be left alone?
"Not without reason, Ryoko.  What's yours?"
        "I--"  Ryoko lifted up off her elbows and
hunched over, curling into a protective ball.
". . . nothing."
        "No, it isn't nothing, Ryoko."  Tenchi was at
a loss.  She wasn't opening up to him.  He hesitantly
lifted his arm and placed his hand on her shoulder.
        She flinched and pulled away.  "Don't," she
whispered.
        Tenchi's mouth dropped open.  *Since when is
me touching her poison?* he wondered.  He'd comforted
her so many times before with no problem.  What was
different now?
        "Ryoko," Tenchi said, pain evident in his voice.
He felt he was losing one of his closest friends, and
it hurt.  "Ryoko, please."
        Tenchi was pretty sure he'd never said that
word to her before.  He could tell she was surprised
he'd said it, because she looked straight into his
eyes, the first time she'd looked at someone in weeks.
        "Why?" she asked hoarsely.  "You don't love
me.  You love her."
        Tenchi blinked.  What the hell?  "Huh?" he asked.
        "I can see it in your eyes!" she shouted at
him, her face suddenly alive with anger.
        "Ryoko, what are you talking about?" he asked
worriedly.  Seeing her this enraged was almost
scarier than seeing her lifeless.
        "Just stop it!  You chose Aeka!  So go to
her and leave me alone!" Ryoko yelled, getting
to her feet and towering over him.
        Tenchi stood as well, though the danger of falling
was greater.  He no longer had the comfort of
knowing Ryoko would catch him if he fell.  Hell, for
all he knew, she might push him off.  "I didn't choose
Aeka!  I didn't choose anyone, Ryoko!"
        "I saw it!"  Something flashed over her
face and she crumpled, sobbing uncontrollably.
"I saw it . . ."
        Tenchi had no idea what to do.  This was like
something out of a nightmare.  He bent down and
grabbed Ryoko's arms firmly, lifting her so that
her face was near his.  "Listen to me.  I didn't
choose, all right?  I don't know what you're
talking about."
        Her face was haunted.  "I saw," she
whispered.  Then her eyes fluttered closed and she
fainted in his arms.

<Sasami>
"Is she okay, Tenchi?" I asked anxiously, looking
at Ryoko's closed door and biting my lower lip.
        "I don't know," he replied quietly.  I could
tell he was deep in thought.  He hadn't moved from
the spot since Washu had gone in to examine Ryoko,
which had been an hour ago.
        "I sent Mihoshi and Kiyone to pick up food,"
I said brightly, trying to act as though everything
were normal.  "We're even out of the bare elements
of food."
        "Uh huh," Tenchi said.  He wasn't listening.
        I grabbed Ryo-oh-ki off the floor and cradled
her in my arms.  "I'm going to go outside," I said,
even though I knew he wouldn't hear.
        I walked down the hallway slowly.  No one
understands what it's like to be assimilated with
another being.  In my case, a goddess.
        *What's wrong with Ryoko, Tsunami?* I asked
in my mind, sitting on the porch and waiting for an
answer.  I stroked Ryo-oh-ki's soft fur patiently.
        *She is falling apart* Tsunami answered.
        I felt a rush of fear.  *She can't be falling
apart!  That's impossible!*
        I could sense Tsunami's sorrow.  *Not literally,
Sasami.  She saw something and it is made her
disintegrate emotionally.*
        *What did she see?* I asked.
        *The future.*
        I blinked.  "How did she see the future?*
        *I cannot tell you that now.*
        I tried again.  *What is in her future?*
        *Sorrow.*
        Ryo-oh-ki whined at me, as if she heard Tsunami
and was distressed at what she heard.  *I* was
distressed.  *But why?  Ryoko's a wonderful person.
She doesn't deserve pain.*
        *She is not a saint.*
        "I know that," I whispered aloud.  "But the
things she did were because of Kagato.  He controlled
her."
        *She must pay for her sins.*
        "Those are *his* sins, Kagato's," I said,
louder.  "It's not fair."
        *Life is not fair, Sasami.*
        "But--but Ryoko," I said, feeling tears slip
down my cheeks.
        *I'm sorry.*
        "So am I," I whispered, my heart full of sadness
for my lost friend.  "So am I."

<Ryoko>
Brightness and Darkness.
        Flashes of memory pass before my eyes.  I see
myself destroying places, bending to Kagato's will,
death and destruction following wherever I go.
        *No, stop it.*
        "But, Ryoko," Kagato laughs.  "You are my
daughter.*
        *No, that can't be true.*
        I remember.  Something called Mass is my father.
Not Kagato.
        *Not you.*
        Not me.  Tenchi didn't choose me.
        I cry silent tears.  For a month, I sit and
stare at the sky, crying silently.
        The pain.  Not lessened in time, only heightened.
I cannot stop the inevitable.
        *You couldn't make him love you.*
        *He thinks you're a monster.*
        I'm not!  I'm not a monster!
        *I love you, Ryoko.*
        Who?  Who had said this once?  Not Tenchi.
        Who was it?
        A face swims out of the brightness, out of the
darkness.  I see his eyes, so cold.
        I shiver as those eyes look at me.  I don't
know what he's thinking.
        He?  Who is he?
        *He loves you.*
        No, I don't want *his* love.  I want my Ten--
        *You loved him.*
        When?  I can't remember!  I can't remember
anything!
        Who am I?  *What* am I?
        A monster.
        I am a monster.
        And no one would ever love a monster like me.
        More tears, more silent tears.
        The darkness fades into brightness, and I die.

<Washu>
"How can you give up on me like this?" I murmured,
crying quietly as I looked down at my daughter.  She
was sick, very sick, but she had caused it.  She had
injected the incurable virus into her bloodstream a
month ago, then waited patiently to die.
        "I won't tell them," I promised my comatose
daughter.  "I won't tell them you killed yourself."
The tears flowed freely as I spoke to Ryoko, knowing
she couldn't hear me.  "I'll tell them you got sick,
and you couldn't fight it--"
        I suddenly felt angry.  "Dammit, Ryoko,
you can fight it!  You know you could beat it if
you wanted to!  What are you trying to escape so
badly that you're killing yourself?"
        I sighed, wiping my eyes.  It was no use.  She'd
given up, and she probably wouldn't survive the night.
        "There was so much I wanted to show you," I
said, reaching out and smoothing Ryoko's hair out of
her face.  I grabbed her hand and brought it to my
face.  "I wanted to show you everything beautiful I'd
ever seen in the galaxy, but you wouldn't let me.
I was so sure, that some day, you would . . . come
around."  Tears stung in my eyes that I couldn't
hold back.  They dripped down onto her limp hand.
Emotions overcame me, and I knew I had to get out.
Giving my daughter one last kiss on the forehead and
knowing she hadn't felt it, I exited the room, only
to be face-to-face with Tenchi.
        "Washu?" he asked, seeing my tear-stained face.
"What's wrong with her, Washu?"
        I shook my head at him.  "She's dead," I
whispered.  "She's dead."

End of 1

Send comments to: frozen_angel18@hotmail.com