Note: Concerning those who wrote to tell me that
Gary sucks, hmm, I'm truly sorry you feel that
way.  I realize the risk of introducing a new
character to mesh with the originals (hell,
even I disliked Sakuya in Shin Tenchi!), that
the new character might not be wanted, but I
personally like Gary.  He's like a recurring
character in many of my other non-fanfic stories.
He might not fit with the Tenchi crowd, but I'm
honestly trying my best.  If you still want to
write and flame me, and tell me that Gary sucks,
that's all right.  Because I do value all of
your opinions, good and bad.  Maybe he *does*
suck, and I just don't see it^_^.

e-mail: frozen_angel18@hotmail.com

Disclaimer:
I do not own any of these Tenchi Muyo! characters,
they are copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer.  This fic
is for entertainment value only, not for profit.  So
please don't sue me, I'm broke.

"It's not a toy or shirt to wear
It's not a portrait drawn with care
The perfect gift I want tonight
Isn't something wrapped up tight
Not in a stocking or under a tree
Could be the gift I long to see
Just say you love me, hold me tight
And I'll get my perfect gift tonight"
~Heather

*For a Princess*
A Tenchi Muyo! epic fanfic by
Heather B. Kytes

4: The Perfect Gift

"Ryoko, I've been thinking really hard this past
week, looking back on the past year, and I,
well, I, uh, I think--" Tenchi stared at his
face in the mirror, his cheeks flushed slightly
pink.  *My God, I'm getting flustered and I'm
not even talking to Ryoko!* Tenchi thought,
putting his hands over his flaming cheeks.
        Tenchi had been practicing for the last
hour what he was going to say to Ryoko tonight.
The words he hoped would be a perfect gift.
        *Ryoko, I love you.*
        Instead of a light, happy feeling in his
heart, it felt like live wire had been attached
to his lungs.  He could scarcely breathe.  He
wasn't sure if it was nerves, or something else.
        "Love shouldn't hurt so much," Tenchi
mumbled to himself.
        At least, he thought it was love.  He
still wasn't sure what the word meant yet.
        So how did he know he felt "it" for
Ryoko?  He just. . . did.
        Tenchi moved across the room and turned
on his mini-radio, an early Christmas present
from his father, who'd gotten it used from a
friend at work.  It was missing the antenna
and the 'fast forward' button on the tape deck,
but other than that, it worked fine.
        Tenchi riffled through his meager tape
collection (two cassettes, to be exact) and
picked out one of his favorites.  He popped it
in the tape deck and pressed play.
        Blaring rock music filled the room.  "Ugh,
that sets the mood," Tenchi muttered
sarcastically.  "Too bad I can't fast forward."
        Tenchi went over the plan again in his
mind.  After they ate their Christmas dinner and
opened presents, he would tell Ryoko her present
was in his room and would she mind coming with
him to get it.  Then get Ryoko in his room (even
if it meant dragging her), and shut the door.
He'd enlisted Mihoshi to guard the door and make
sure no one tried to get in or eavesdrop, and
she'd cheerfully agreed without asking for his
reasons.  The final step was to get some
romantic music playing, and gush out his
feelings.  Much easier said than done.
        He couldn't even talk to his mirror without
stumbling over simple words like 'it' and 'I'!
        "Oh, shit," Tenchi muttered, sitting on
the edge of his bed and burying his face in his
hands.  Who knew choosing would be this hard?
Telling Ryoko was only the first step.  What
was he going to tell Aeka?
        He sat like that until the rock song
ended and a slow, soft ballad began playing.
The music calmed him immediately.
        Tenchi stood again in front of the mirror.
He took a deep breath and pretended Ryoko was
standing in front of him instead of his
reflection.  "Ryoko," he began, sighing out her
name.  He could picture her beautiful face
staring back at him, and he got extremely nervous,
clasping his hands together in front of him and
shuffling his weight from one foot to the other.
        "Ryoko."  He pretended he was holding her
warm hand between his.  "I have something to tell
you."
        He paused, collecting his thoughts.  He
blanked out for a second, then the words came to
him.  "Uh, I think I love you."
        Pathetic!  "Yeah, let's sound like that
stupid David Cassidy song," Tenchi exclaimed,
berating himself.  He threw himself back on his
bed, staring up at the ceiling.  "'I think I
love you.'  What kind of trash is that?  After a
freaking year, Ryoko deserves better than that!"
        But he had to face the truth.  He *couldn't*
give her better than that.
        *I bet Gary would have no trouble saying it*
Tenchi's inner voice said teasingly.
        "Gary's a jerk," Tenchi muttered.  "I wish
he'd go back to Destiny or wherever and leave
Ryoko alone."
        *Ryoko asked him to stay* the inner voice
reminded him.
        Tenchi sighed heavily, his stomach sinking.
Of course, he'd conveniently forgotten that fact.
Gary had been all ready and willing to leave, but
Ryoko had stopped him.  She obviously wanted Gary
here for one reason or another.
        But which was it?  Love or friendship?
        Tenchi groaned.  "Ok, let's not think about
that anymore.  I've gotta get more practice
done."  He looked at the clock and his stomach
flip-flopped.  "Dinner's in thirty minutes.
Oh, crap."
        He looked in the mirror at his flushed
cheeks.  He had a long way to go, indeed.

        "Hey, there's no present from Tenchi to me
under here," Ryoko exclaimed indignantly.  She
was riffling through the presents piled under the
tree, carelessly tossing aside the ones without
her name on the tag.  Aeka cringed as she heard
the sounds of glass hitting carpet.
        "Be careful, you mannish demon!" she hissed.
"I gave some breakable items as gifts."
        "Mannish?  I think not," Ryoko replied,
standing quickly and twirling around to show
off her body.  She was wearing a form-fitting
black dress with a long slit up the side.
"What do you say, Gary?"
        Gary glanced up from his crossword puzzle,
a slight smirk on his lips.  "100% female," he
said, returning to the newspaper.
        "Gar would know," Ryoko said.  She smiled
at Aeka.  "You're wrong again, princess."
        Aeka shrugged.  "What do I care?" she said
haughtily, picking up the tossed presents and
putting them back under the tree.  "Just don't
ruin Christmas, all right?"
        "You're already doing a great job of that,"
Ryoko commented.  "Lighten up, Aeka.  It's the
jolliest time of year, after all."
        "Well, well, there's Tenchi's gift to me,"
Aeka said, triumph poorly hidden in her tone.
She smiled, satisfied at the frown on Ryoko's
face.  "It looks like jewelry box, hmm, must
have been expensive."
        "I'm sure mine was too big to put under
the tree," Ryoko shot back.  She turned to
Sasami, who was putting the finishing touches
on the turkey.  The girl was a culinary wonder.
"Should I call Tenchi for dinner?"
        "I'll do it," Washu said cheerfully,
hurrying down the hall to Tenchi's room.
        "Smells good, Sasami," Nobeyuki said,
smiling goofily as he took the spot next to
Yosho, who was at the head of the table.
        "Do you want some help cutting it?" the
kindly grandfather asked Sasami, who looked out
of place holding a large carving knife.
        "Thank you, but I've got it," Sasami said,
cutting the turkey expertly.
        "You've got a gift, Sasami," Kiyone
commented, taking the seat by Nobeyuki.  She
inhaled deeply.  "It smells heavenly."
        Sasami beamed from all the attention.
"It's my passion," she replied.  Ryo-Oh-Ki purred
on her shoulder.
        Tenchi walked in, led by Washu.  His cheeks
were flushed as he gazed around the kitchen,
slightly dazed.
        Aeka noticed the change in him immediately.
"You okay, Lord Tenchi?" she asked, concerned.
        He nodded, barely glancing her way.  His
eyes were trained on the floor.  "Yup."
        "Come on, Gar," Ryoko said, grabbing her
best friend by the hand and dragging him to the
dining room.  "You know you're hungry."
        "Not really," Gary said, but allowed Ryoko
to lead him to a chair.  He sat down, watching her
as she took the chair by him, looking at the
turkey with anticipation in her gold eyes.
        Once everyone was seated, Sasami served
everyone, and Yosho said grace.  There was light
chatter, the clinking of silverware, and little
rifts of silence.  It was nice silence.  A calm
aura surrounded the table.  Everyone put their
differences aside for a little moment in time, and
they were actually all friends.
        "Time for presents!" Mihoshi yelled
excitedly once everyone was done eating.  She leapt
out of her chair and ran to the living room,
putting on a Santa Claus hat.  "I'll play Santa
Claus!" she called out as the other crowded into
the room.
        Kiyone rolled her eyes.  "Knock yourself out,
Mihoshi.  Literally," she muttered the last word
under her breath.  Aeka overheard, shaking her head
at Kiyone but chuckling anyway.
        There was a flurry of action as people dug
into their gifts, hugs and nods of thank you.
Everyone had even gotten Gary little presents,
just to make him feel included.  Ryoko's gift to
him was the most expensive, a 'best friends' necklace
of pure silver.  She showed him the other half
hung around her neck, and he'd smiled and put his on,
thanking her with a hug and kiss on the cheek.
        Tenchi hadn't liked *that*.
        Thirty minutes later found everyone with nine
gifts, one from each other person.  Except Ryoko with
eight.
        "Did you forget?" Ryoko asked, a hurt look in
her eyes as she stared at Tenchi.
        Tenchi looked apprehensive.  "No, I didn't
forget.  It's just, well, actually, the gift is--"
        Ryoko stood suddenly, cutting Tenchi off.
"Oh, I have a special extra gift for you, Tenchi.
Wait while I go get it."
        Tenchi looked lost as Ryoko dashed by him.
"O-okay," he stammered.
        Aeka looked down at her gift from Tenchi, a
beautiful amethyst bracelet that matched her eyes.
She was fascinated by it, wondering if it had any
significant meaning.
        *Like what?  That he loves you?  Fat chance.*
        Aeka despised the voice inside her head,
feeding her doubts.  What was wrong with having a
little faith, a little hope that things might turn
out just as she wanted them to?
        *Because you'll just get disappointed* the
voice answered immediately.  *Why would he want
you?  You're just a liar, pretending to be someone
you're not.*
        I am not a liar! Aeka answered silently.  A
war was going on in her mind, her on one side,
the harsh truth on the other.
        *But you are.  Or did you forget . . .
murderer?*
        "Ooh," Aeka murmured, feeling suddenly sick.
She put her hand to her forehead, closing her
eyes tightly.
        "Aeka, are you okay?" Kiyone asked, concern
on her face.  The others all focused on the
princess, who was swaying slightly in her seat.
        "It's--nothing," Aeka said, opening her eyes
slowly and giving a shaky smile.  "I'll be okay."
        She glanced down at her trembling hands
folded in her lap.  I hope, she added silently.

<Ryoko>
        I happily walked down the hallway to the
master bedroom.  I'd hidden my secret, second
present for Tenchi there, knowing that Nobeyuki
would never find it.  He was always too busy working
or lazing around in front of the TV in the living
room.  Or, (shudder here), flirting with us girls.
The poor guy.  I felt some sort of affection for
him, though it was probably pity disguised as
affection.
        I easily moved the bed from the wall and took
out the small box behind it.  It wasn't wrapped,
because I wanted to hand the actual gift to him,
not have him get through layers of useless paper.
I opened the box lid and took out the golden,
heart-shaped locket from the soft cotton inside.
        I tossed the box aside.  It's use to me was
through.
        I held up the locket in the light, reading
the inscription engraved on the cover of the heart.
        'My Tenchi, I'm with you always. Love, Ryoko'.
        Of course there was so much more I had to
say to him.  Books and books of loving words I
felt with all my heart.  But this locket was a
symbol of me he could have forever.  My picture
immortalized inside it so that whenever he needed
me, he could just look in the locket and know I
loved him.
        Very sentimental, I know.  My brush with
death was still fresh in my mind, and I realized
the importance of those "mushy" things now.
        I was turning, ready to make my way back to
the living room with the gift, when everything
went dark.  I mean totally.  Every light in the
house turned off.
        "What the hell--" I muttered, waiting for
my eyes to quickly adjust to the dark.
        It didn't happen.
        I was confused.  Too confused to be scared.
Was my night vision failing me for some reason?
I'd have Washu look into it.
        I waited for one of the others to make a
sound or fix the problem.  I reached out to my
left where the dresser was so that I wouldn't
fall over from the loss of vision.
        My hand touched living flesh.
        "Who is it?" I demanded, wishing I could
see.
        My wrist was grabbed forcefully and my jewel
pulled out.  I staggered from the flash of pain,
so unexpected, but raised my free hand, trying to
form an energy blast to hurl at my enemy.
        Nothing happened.
        "Silly," a voice I'd never heard before
chuckled in my ear.  "I've taken your powers from
you.  You're as helpless as a real human being."
        My arms were grabbed and twisted behind my
back.  The locket fell out of my hand and to the
floor.  I tried to kick my assailant, but stopped
when I realized he had a force field protecting
himself.
        Funny, it seemed like a Jurain force field,
but without the wooden things around it.
        "What are you doing?" I whispered in the
darkened room.
        A gag was thrust in my mouth.  I realized
with a start that there were two of them.  A
blindfold was placed over my eyes, and I felt
myself being dragged towards the window.
        *No* I tried to scream, but nothing came
out.  I could feel myself slowly becoming
unconscious.  How were they doing this?  My last
coherent thought before I passed out...
        *Tenchi . . .*

        "What the hell!" Kiyone exclaimed as soon
as the lights went out.  "What's going on?"
        "My energy readings are off the chart!"
Washu shouted in alarm.  They all saw the glow
of her hand-held monitoring device.  "They're
not supposed to go off the chart!"
        "I'll get the fuse!" Nobeyuki yelled.
They heard his muffled curses as he banged into
various furniture and tripped over gifts and
wrapping paper.  "It's like a death trap in
here!"
        A short moment went by, then the lights
flashed on, like nothing had happened.  "Whew.
Good one, dad," Tenchi said, relieved.
        "I didn't do anything," Nobeyuki mumbled.
He was clutching his banged shin in pain, curled
in a ball on the floor.
        "It broke my machine," Washu said.  She
was staring at her destroyed device, shock on
her face and in her green eyes.  "This machine
is never supposed to break."
        Everyone looked as if they were waking up
from a bad dream.  "I--can't remember what
happened after the lights went out," Aeka said
in alarm.
        "Neither can I," Sasami said worriedly.
        "We were mass hypnotized," Washu murmured.
She looked more intrigued than frightened.
"Fascinating."
        "That's ridiculous!" Kiyone exclaimed,
glaring down at Mihoshi who was clutching her
leg in fear.
        "Got a different explanation as to why we
lost fifteen minutes?" Washu said.  She showed
Kiyone the face of her watch.
        "Oh my gosh," Kiyone said quietly.
"You're right."
        Tenchi looked around.  "Ryoko!" he
exclaimed immediately.  He ran out of the living
room, checking every room for any sign of the
space pirate.  Panic rose in his throat as he
called her name over and over, waiting for a
reassuring answer.  "Ryoko!  Where are you?"
        He reached the last room, the master
bedroom, and was shocked to see the window broken
open.  The entire room was in disarray.
        Tenchi was in shock.  A glint of gold
caught his eye, and he bent down, picking up the
beautiful locket from the carpet.  He looked at
it, read the inscription.
        "My Tenchi, I'm with you always, Love,
Ryoko."
        He stared at the locket for a long time,
then at the window.  Bitter, acrid confusion
flooded his heart, his soul.  Where was his
Ryoko?  With him always?  She wasn't here now.
        He heard someone come up from behind him.
"She's gone, Tenchi," Washu said quietly, her
voice laced with sorrow.
        Tenchi turned around slowly.  "B-but
where?  Why?"
        "I don't know where they took her, Tenchi.
All I know is she was taken from us," Washu
said.  She stared into Tenchi's pained eyes.
"The people who took her put all of us in a
trance so that they could escape my field of
monitoring.  There's no way I can trace them
now."  Her face was clouded with quiet sorrow.
"I don't think Ryoko will ever be coming back."
        "How can you know?" Tenchi demanded.  His
hand tightened around the locket.  "Who?  Who
took her?  Why did they do this?"
        Washu shrugged helplessly.  "I don't know
who they are, Tenchi, and I don't know why.
All I know is how."
        Tenchi felt bitter tears fill his eyes,
and he let them slip down his cheeks.  "But I
love her," he whispered, each word stealing a
piece of his heart and soul as it was spoken
aloud.
        Washu nodded.  "I know you do."
        Tenchi shook his head.  "I mean it.  I
love her.  Not Aeka.  I-I was going to choose
her tonight."
        Washu nodded again.  "I know you were."
Her eyes wobbled with unshed tears.  "But you
have to let her go."
        "Never," Tenchi said bitterly.  "I'm
going to find her and bring her back to me."
        Compassionate green eyes stared at his
determined face.  And knew he never going to
find Ryoko again.

End of 4
