Disclaimer:
I do not own any of these Tenchi Muyo! characters,
they are copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer.  This fic
is for entertainment value only, not for profit.  So
please don't sue me, I'm broke.

"Standing in eternal bliss
This perfect moment when we kiss
Whether it's wrong or whether it's right
This is what we need tonight
So take my hand and take my heart
Pray for us to never part
No matter what comes after this
I'll always remember our first kiss"
~Heather

*For a Princess*
A Tenchi Muyo! epic fanfic by
Heather B. Kytes

3: Remembering the Kiss

"They've been in there forever!" Tenchi complained
loudly.  He was sitting on the edge of his seat.
His fingers dug so tightly into the upholstery
that his knuckles were pure white.  "What the hell
are they doing?"
        Washu gave Tenchi a look.  "Just calm down.
I think he can help her."
        "Like hell," Tenchi growled.
        "Tenchi," Aeka said calmly.  "Let Gary try.
If he is from Ryoko's past, maybe he *can* help
her."
        Sasami cleared her throat.  "What exactly was
Gary's role in Ryoko's life, Washu?" she asked
quietly, trying to steer the conversation onto more
pleasant topics.
        "He was her first love," Washu said.
        There was a collective gasp in the room.  "I
thought Tenchi was her first love," Aeka said,
voicing many of the others' main thought.
        Washu shook her head.  "She had a life before
this place," she said quietly.  "Even locked up by
Kagato, I had vague knowings of what went of in
Ryoko's life.  He adventured with her for a long
time.  You see, he's a prince."
        "A prince?" Aeka shrieked.  "How can that be?"
        "Sh, let Washu talk!" Kiyone exclaimed, leaning
forward towards Washu so she could catch every word.
"What planet is he a prince of?"
        "It's a tiny little planet called Destiny,"
Washu replied.
        "Destiny," Aeka said, raking her memory.  It
seemed vaguely familiar.  "Oh, that must be the
planet my father is always complaining about.  He
says the king is a real pain."
        "He is," a voice said from the doorway.
Everyone turned to see Gary standing in the
doorway, a very tired-looking, but conscious, Ryoko
in his arms.
        "Ryoko!" Tenchi called out, standing.  Gary held
out a hand to stop him.
        "She's still weak," Gary said.  "But I think
she's decided to try and fight it now."
        Washu blinked in amazement.  "Why?" she asked.
        "Washu!" Kiyone snapped.  "How can you be so
cold?"
        "She wanted to die, Kiyone!" Washu shouted back.
"Excuse me if I find it hard to believe that my
stubborn daughter actually changed her mind."
        "I--" Ryoko said.  Her voice was quiet and
strained.  "I don't want to leave.  I-I was drowning
in this water-- and the pain was-- I was so
frightened . . ."
        Gary stroked her hair, holding her tighter.
"It's okay," he murmured.  "I won't let you get hurt
again."
        Ryoko closed her eyes, her grip on Gary tightening.
"I need food," she muttered.  "And sake.  Lots of it."
        Sasami laughed with relief.  "That's our Ryoko!"
she exclaimed, hopping to the kitchen to fulfill Ryoko's
request.
        "Ryoko," Tenchi said, and everyone quieted.  His
tone was full of sorrow.
        Ryoko looked back at him, her face an unreadable
mask.  "Yes?"
        He gazed at her for a moment, then shook his head.
"Nothing," he said, turning away.  A shadow fell over his
eyes.  "Get better soon, okay?"
        "You won't mind if I stay here, will you?" Gary
asked Tenchi politely.  He'd done a complete 180 degree
turnaround, trying to be civil just because Ryoko was
there.  "I want to make sure Ryoko recovers."
        "Stay as long as you like," Tenchi said angrily.
"Everyone else does."  He bolted out of the room, the
door to his room slamming shut a few seconds later.
        "Oh, Tenchi," Ryoko murmured, her lower lip
trembling.  She pulled free of Gary, standing shakily.
        "Hey," Gary protested.  "Take it easy, Ryoko."
        "I'll be okay," Ryoko said firmly.  She took
tentative steps towards Tenchi's room, then, gaining
confidence, walked normally to his room, knocking on
the door.
        "What?" Tenchi demanded crossly.
        "Tenchi," Ryoko said.  "Let me in."
        There was nothing, then the door opened.  Ryoko
disappeared inside.
        Kiyone sighed.  "This is such a screwed up
situation," she muttered.
        "He's a screwed up guy," Gary said.
        "Shut up, you vagrant!" Aeka hissed.  "Don't you
ever badmouth Lord Tenchi!"
        "Vagrant?  What are you, Old Maid?" Gary replied
breezily, turning his nose up at her.  "Some princess
you are.  Shouldn't you have gotten married years ago?
Hey, did you know your father tried to pawn you off on
me?  He even offered me a bribe, he was so desperate,
and I can see why."
        "Oh--" Aeka sputtered for a response.  Gary got
bored and walked to the kitchen to get something to eat.
        "I never thought I'd say this," Aeka said,
turning to Kiyone.  "But Ryoko's too good for that guy!"

        "Tenchi," Ryoko said, her voice full of pain.
She was gaining physical strength by the second as
her superb immune system killed the disease inside
her, but emotionally she was still as wrecked as
ever.  She thrust herself at him, wrapping her arms
around him and hugging him desperately.
        Tenchi stood there motionless, letting her
hug him.  His heart was confused.  He didn't know
what he wanted.   He didn't know why Gary was
bothering him so much.  And most of all, he didn't
know why Gary had been able to fix Ryoko and he
hadn't.
        "What's wrong?" Ryoko cried.  "Why are you being
this way?"
        "That guy, Gary," Tenchi said, feeling his face
curl up into a snarl.  "Your first love?"
        "Yes."  Ryoko lifted her face and looked up at
Tenchi.  "What does it matter, Tenchi?"
        Tenchi felt cold.  "I thought you wanted to die.
I thought you said you saw the future and that I
wouldn't choose you.  I thought you didn't want to
live in a world like that.  So Gary came back and
changed your mind?  Do you love him?"
        "No, Tenchi!  I don't love Gary anymore!  I
thought," Ryoko began passionately, then paused and
said carefully,  "I thought that I would die if you
didn't love me.  That my heart would just turn to
ashes and blow away.  I-I didn't want that kind of
pain."  She paused.  "But you kissed me." She brought
her fingers to her lips, remembering.  "You kissed me,
and I--"  Her eyes filled with tears of joy and pain.
"--I thought that I could make it, even if you did
choose Aeka, just by remembering that kiss."
        Tenchi stared down at her.  He wasn't sure
what to say or do.  He wished he had more experience
with things like this.  He just knew there was
something he should be doing here, or saying, but
he had no clue what.
        "What about Gary?" he asked finally.
        Ryoko furrowed her brow.  "What *about* him?"
        Tenchi frowned.  "You know.  What's between
you?"
        "The past," Ryoko said.  She straightened up
so that she wasn't *slumped* in Tenchi's arms, and
she rubbed her cheek against his in a playful
fashion.  "You know *you're* my only love now."
        Despite himself, Tenchi smiled.  The old
Ryoko was back.  He'd missed her much more than he
realized.  He tightened his arms around her,
actually letting himself *enjoy* holding her.
        "Mmm," Ryoko purred.  "My Tenchi."
        Tenchi's smile grew wider, a quiet tear rolling
down his face.  There were times when he thought he
could stay like this with Ryoko forever, but other
times when he looked at Aeka and questioned it.
Either way, he knew he cared deeply for both girls,
and though he couldn't make a choice yet, he would
always love both of them for the joy they had brought
to his life.
        "Will you wait for me to make my choice?" He
whispered into Ryoko's hair, slowly pulling back.
        Ryoko nodded, touching her forehead to his and
smiling.  "Don't you keep me waiting, Tenchi," she
said mock-warningly.
        He turned serious.  "If I choose Aeka, you
won't kill yourself?"
        Ryoko sighed, considering the question.
"I--I promise it'll only be a last resort, Tenchi.
If I'm in unbearable pain, I can't promise I'll sit
there and take it."
        Tenchi nodded.  That was understandable.  He
stroked the side of her face.  "Now go get something
to eat.  You're nothing but skin and bones."
        Ryoko grinned at him, then whisked out of the
room.
        Tenchi wiped the remaining tear off his cheek.
No more need for tears, he thought.  It seemed that
everything would finally return to normal.  He only
had one more problem to deal with.
        Prince Gary.

<Gary>
        I sat at the dinner table and watched, eating
silently as everyone else chattered on about this and
that.  It was a very lively conversation, I had to
admit, much unlike the silent, stuffy dinners me and
my father had every night.
        I realized with a start why everyone here was
so chatty and alive.  They were friends.
        Wow, I hadn't had much of *those* in my life.
        "So what happened while I was sick?" Ryoko
asked, leaning forward in her seat, her eyes sparkling,
partly from joy at being recovered and partly from
being half-drunk.  "Anything interesting?"
        "On my television show, they killed the main
character!" Mihoshi exclaimed, her eyebrows furrowing
as she remembered the horrifying event.  "It made me
cry so hard!"
        "They brought him back to life in the next
episode!" Kiyone exclaimed crossly.  "They killed a
clone, remember?"
        Mihoshi brightened.  "Oh yeah.  I forgot."
        "Well, actually my boss called and said I'm
being considered for a promotion," Kiyone said.
She was beaming.  "They're thinking of putting me
and Mihoshi in the 'moderate to pressing' crimes
division."
        "That's great," Ryoko said.  The others seemed
surprised at the sincerity in her tone, but I wasn't.
I realized her brush with death had temporarily
renewed her joy in life.  And I was happy for her.
        Not so happy for me.  She fit in so well here.
There was no way I was going to convince her to come
back with me.
        So much for *my* reason to live.
        Pushing my plate away, I stood.  "Well, I should
get going.  My father's expecting me."
        "Your father?" Ryoko demanded.  Her eyes
narrowed at me as she stood also.  "What do you mean
'your father'?"
        I gazed coolly at her.  My defense mechanisms
were kicking in, and I felt my heart hardening
towards her again.  "What do you think I mean,
Ryoko?" I asked, my voice sub-zero.
        She looked taken aback for a second.  She was
sobering up fast as her brain processed my words.
"You hate your father, Gary.  Why did you go back
to him?"
        "Where was I supposed to go after you left
me?" I shouted, passion sneaking into my voice.
Everyone else at the table glanced around
uncomfortably.  "I depended on you for everything!
I couldn't make it on my own!"
        Ryoko stared at me.  "I'm sorry," she said
finally.  "I didn't know."
        "You didn't care," I shot back, "so why bother
yourself with it now?"  I turned around and began
walking to the door.  "I gotta go."
        "Wait!"  Ryoko teleported in front of me, and
grabbed my arm.  I continued to stare at her calmly,
making sure to keep my eyes emotionless.
        "What is it?" I demanded.  "My father doesn't
like to be kept waiting."
        "Don't go back there, Gary!  You don't belong
there!" Ryoko exclaimed, her grip tightening on my
arm.
        I tried to shake her off.  "Let go of my
arm."
        "Not until you listen."
        "I can listen without you breaking my arm,"
I snarled in reply.  Blinking, she let go.
        "Gary, you don't belong on Destiny," Ryoko
said.  "I remember how hard you begged me to take
you away."
        So she did remember the day we met.  Didn't
matter now.  "Things change.  You should know that."
        Ryoko's eyebrows raised.  "Is this about us?"
        "What us?"
        "Are you still mad that we broke up?"
        Perceptive question, damn her.  My eye twitched,
and she knew she'd hit the mark.  "Of course not.
Get over yourself," I said, but my words were hollow,
and she knew it.  Hell, everyone within hearing
distance knew I was lying.
        I hated her.  As much as I loved her, I hated
the way she did this to me.  Without hearing what
she had to say, I pushed her aside and stormed out
of Tenchi's house, walking out into the inky night.
        Swallow me up, I silently pleaded to the stars.
Just take me away from my miserable existence.  For
the past five years, all I could remember was Ryoko,
and pain, and I was just sick of it.
        "Gary!"  I heard her flying after me, but I
didn't stop.  Why didn't she drop it?  She left me
before, why couldn't she do it again?
        Her hand fell on my shoulder.  I shook her
off, turning on my heel and glaring back at her.
"Just drop it," I said, my eyes flashing.  Heated
anger rushed to the surface.  "Go back to your
friends."
        "*You* are my friend," Ryoko replied.
        "Like hell!" I laughed bitterly.  "We aren't
friends, not anymore."
        Ryoko shook her head furiously.  Her golden
eyes reflected the moon's solemn light.  My mind
wandered back to another time I had seen the moon
in her eyes . . .
        It was two weeks after our meeting.  We were
flying along in Ryo-Oh-Ki, through the Milky Way
Galaxy in search of a planet to plunder.  Our funds
were running low, mainly because my royal tastes
demanded that I only eat top quality food.  No
Chef Boyardee for Prince Gary.
        We were eating dinner, and Ryoko was
complaining again about my eating habits.  "You're
so picky," she said as she ate a bowl of tomato
soup.  "Just because it's from a can doesn't mean
it's poison."
        I shrugged.  "I just don't trust it," I
responded, eating my perfectly cooked lasagna.  I'd
learned to cook at an early age, having nothing
better to do than watch our cook in the kitchen.
What a boring life.
        Ryoko gave me a steely look, then slurped up
the rest of her soup.  "I think it's time to get
rid of your refined tastes and show you what *real*
food tastes like," she said, getting a wicked gleam
in her eye.
        I eyed her nervously.  I didn't trust her yet.
"Huh?" I asked.
        She grabbed my plate of lasagna and put it
aside.  She reached into her mini-fridge and pulled
something out.
        "What's that?" I demanded.
        She held it up so that I could see.  A package
of bologna.
        "Ugh," I said, twisting my face into an
expression of revulsion.  "How can people eat that
garbage?"
        "We're starting at the bottom, Gar," Ryoko
said.  "After you eat a slice of this, you'll *beg*
to eat canned soup.
        I folded my arms across my chest.  "You'll
never get me to eat that stuff," I said, gesturing
to the bologna.
        Ryoko raised an eyebrow at me.  "You assume you
have a choice?"  Before I could blink, she jumped on
top of me, knocking me onto my back and pinning my
arms at my sides with her elbows, leaving her hands
free to stuff the bologna in my face.
        I struggled but to no avail.  She was
definitely stronger than me.
        "This is for your own good, Gar," Ryoko said.
Her gold eyes twinkled at me with a mixture of
compassion and twisted joy as she took a piece of
bologna out of the package and held it near my nose
and mouth.  "Get a good whiff."
        I twisted my head from side to side.  "Stop
it!"
        "Don't be a baby," Ryoko replied.  "Eat up."
        "I don't want to," I replied, pressing my lips
tightly together.
        "Gar."  Ryoko used one hand to pin my arms over
my head, and used her other to tickle me on the sides
of my waist.
        It killed me, but I held in laughter.
        "Okay, maybe bologna is too advanced," Ryoko
said after awhile.  She placed the slice back in the
package.  She remained on top of me, her body
pressed into mine, her face inches from my own.
        I stopped struggling, and her hand pinning me
slowly let go, making my arms free.  I was confused
at the rush of emotions flooding me.  Why wasn't
Ryoko getting off me?
        I looked up and found myself looking into her
eyes.  To my surprise, I saw the Earth's brilliant
moon reflected there, along with a confusion I
realized was mirrored in my own gaze.  I knew about
my feelings for her, but I was sure she didn't feel
the same about me.
        Did she?
        My arms now free, I was sure I could have
pushed her off me.  Instead, I hesitantly brought
them up, and around Ryoko's slender body.  I was
*holding* her, waiting for her to push me away.
        Instead her eyes closed, her face moved down,
and bang, like that, she kissed me.
        And bang, like that, I knew I loved her.
        Impossible.  How, in two weeks, could I have
fallen in love with a complete stranger?  A wanted,
merciless criminal?
        But I did.  That incredible kiss that left me
breathless left my mind clear.  I loved her.
        She pulled away, smiling at me.  "Gar," she
whispered, her fingers tangling in my hair.
        I tentatively smiled back.  I knew my emotions
were written all over my face.
        Before I could say anything, she kissed me
again . . .
        "No!" I shouted, clearing my head, coming back
to the present.  I had to stop this.  I had to stop
remembering the kiss.  I glared at Ryoko, shoving
aside my feelings.  "Just leave me alone."
        "You can't just come back into my life and
leave so quickly!" Ryoko shouted.  "You were my
first friend, my only friend, for such a long
time.  I can't forget that!"
        "You left me!" I yelled, feeling such anger
that I could punch her lights out and not even
care.  "You didn't care how I felt then, so why do
you care now?  You've got your Tenchi!"
        "I never meant to hurt you, Gary.  I don't
want to drag up the past.  I'm talking about the
present.  And your future.  Why are you following
back in your father's footsteps?  You told me over
and over that you didn't want to be like him."
Ryoko looked at me quizzically.
        I glowered at her.  "I changed my mind,
remember?  I told you I wanted to be the prince
again, and I asked you to be my princess.  You said
no.  It was your choice, not mine."
        "I hate princesses," Ryoko murmured.  "Come
on, Gar.  Can you imagine me as royalty, 'cause I
sure as hell can't!"
        "You would be Tenchi's princess," I said
coldly, knowing I spoke the truth.  From the look
on her face, I got confirmation.
        Ryoko was speechless, but she said it
with her eyes.  *Yes, I would be Tenchi's
princess.*
        I nodded, smirking with no satisfaction.
"I thought so."  I began walking again.
        "Why did you come to see me?" Ryoko asked
finally.
        I stopped and answered without turning
around.  "To say goodbye."
        "You said you loved me.  I heard you."
        My eyes stared through the ground.  "So
I did."
        "Gary.  Stay here with us."
        "What would be the point?"
        "It's great here, Gary.  Living the normal
life.  If you give everyone a chance, they'll be
your friends."  Ryoko's tone was pleading.
"I've missed you, Gar.  My friend, my best
friend . . ."
        I could hear her crying.  Why do women do
that?  I couldn't take it.  I slowly turned
around and walked to her, taking her in my arms.
"I'll stay," I said, regretting my words because
it was a promise I couldn't break.  Wasn't this
what I had wanted?  Wanted to be with Ryoko
forever.
        As her best friend.  Crap.
        We walked back, and I glared up at the sky.
*Should've swallowed me* I thought bitterly.

Send comments to me at:
frozen_angel18@hotmail.com