Disclaimer:
I do not own any of these Tenchi Muyo! characters,
they are copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer.  This fic
is for entertainment value only, not for profit.
So please don't sue me, I'm broke.

"Perfect blue turns cold
No more lies left untold
What was I supposed to do?
Look in your eyes and lie to you?
My web unraveled, no more lies
I saw winter in your eyes"
~Heather

*For a Princess*
A Tenchi Muyo! epic fanfic by
Heather B. Kytes

2: Winter in Her Eyes

<Aeka>
The entire household was shocked by the news.  I
know I was.  Ryoko in a coma.  Washu was sketchy
about the details, but she told us it was doubtful
Ryoko would live through the night.
        I'm shocked.  I mean, there's nothing I can
say or do right now.  Nothing to help Ryoko.  And
I *did* want to help her.  Rivals or not, I never
wanted her dead.
        I wondered if I had done something wrong.
If I had provoked this somehow.  Something in my
gut told me I had something to do with this.
        *I didn't kill her!*
        I shook my head, trying to shake away the
memory.  Why am I remembering that now?  The sounds
of the girl's terrified screams, the blood running
from my hands, dripping onto the floor, puddling all
around me, forming a lake to swallow me whole.
        *I didn't kill her . . .*
        "What caused her sickness?" Tenchi asked.  His
face was an inhuman shade of white.  "Washu?"
        Washu stared at the floor, her sadness evident
though she was making an effort to hide it.  "I don't
know," she said.
        *Lying.*
        I knew she was lying.  I didn't understand
why.  Was she protecting Ryoko?  And if so, from
what?
        "Can I go see her?" Tenchi asked.
        "Why bother?" Washu asked.  "She's in a coma.
She can't hear us.  To her, we don't exist."
        "I heard somewhere that people have come out
of comas just by hearing a friend or relative talk.
I have to give it a try, Washu!" Tenchi shouted.
"I can't just give up on her.  How can you?"
        Washu shrugged.  "I'm just embracing the
inevitable," she replied.  "Ryoko is going to die.
Soon.  Might as well accept it."
        "No," Tenchi said.  He brushed past Washu
and opened the door to Ryoko's room.  "I'm going
to save her, whether you think I can or not."  He
choked up, yes, actually *choked up* with tears.
"I'm not giving up on her.  Until she breathes her
last breath, I will try to help her."  Turning
away from us, he entered Ryoko's room and slammed
the door behind him.
        I looked at the other's faces.  They were
all staring at me curiously.  "What?" I asked.
"Whatever it takes to get Ryoko better is fine by
me.  I'm not jealous."
        The little voice inside my head laughed.
*Aren't you?*

<Ryoko>
Drowning.
        Pulled under by the tossing waves.  I let
them overtake me and pull me further down, my
lungs bursting, desperate for air, I inhale
black water.  Silently screaming from the
unbearable pain, yet wanting it.  Wanting to
die.
        It's quiet.  My mother, Washu, crying
into the sea where I'm drowning, then turning
and walking away from me.  Forsaking me.  She
gave up.  I am disappointed, yet I understand
her.  I know why she didn't try.   Why didn't I
try?
        More silence.  Washu is gone.  I see someone
approach my watery prison.  I recognize him
immediately.
        My Tenchi.

        Tenchi approached her bed cautiously, afraid
to see how Ryoko had deteriorated.  Outwardly,
there was no difference, but Tenchi knew inside was
turmoil.  Washu had told them how it would be.
        "Her heart will just . . . stop beating."
        The room was dark.  The sun was disappearing
behind the trees, making the way clear for the
lonely moon to come out.  Looking at Ryoko in the
fading light, Tenchi thought about how much she
seemed like that moon.  She gave everyone her
reassuring light, and got nothing in return.  She
was alone.
        Tenchi's eyes grew steely with determination.
*Enough* he thought.  *She is not going to die
alone.  She is not going to die.*
        He was fooling himself.  He knew she was a
goner.
        Tenchi flipped the lamp on and grabbed a
chair, pulling it to Ryoko's bedside.  He reached
out and grasped her wrist, feeling her weakened
pulse beat against his fingers.  He pulled her
hand up to his face, pressing her   slender
fingers against his cheek.  "Ryoko," he murmured.
"I shouldn't be here right now.  I shouldn't *have*
to be here.  I--"
        He paused, collecting his thoughts.  He had to
make every word count.  He knew she could hear him.
He felt it deep down inside that even unconscious,
Ryoko's love for him would reach out and hear what
he had to say to her.
        "You're not supposed to die, Ryoko," he said
finally.  "You're so gloriously strong, stronger
than all of us.  You know, just living, and
breathing, you make everything seem alive.  I never,
ever noticed the Earth's beauty with such clarity
until you came, and we would sit on the rooftop,
just admiring nature.  *You* make this world, my
world, a brighter place."
        Tenchi held back tears.  He couldn't lose
her.  He couldn't lose another person he cared
about.  His mother was pain enough.  He wasn't sure
he could survive another blow like this.  "You--
can't--die," Tenchi said slowly.  "You belong here.
Living.  With us.  With me."  More tears held back.
How could anyone live through this? he wondered.
If she died, Ryoko would be gone forever.  There
would be no more wacky adventures.
        "Ryoko," Tenchi said, this time more firmly.
No use in falling apart, not yet.  Ryoko was not
dead yet.  "I know you can hear me."  He forced a
smile, putting her hand back down to her side.
"Can you do me a favor, Ryoko?"
        Tenchi paused and took a breath.  "At least,
before you give up on me, can you please tell me
why this is happening?  Why you're letting
yourself die?   I'm not an idiot, Ryoko.  I know
you could fight any sickness and win.  Why do you
want to die, Ryoko?  Was it something someone
did?  Was it Kagato?  Was it Aeka?  Was it *me*?
Tell me, Ryoko, please."
        He waited.  Nothing.
        "Ryoko," Tenchi said, this time his voice
angry.  He *was* angry at her.  Pissed off as hell.
"Damn you!  Why are you leaving me like this?  I
don't want to lose another person I care about
without getting a chance to say goodbye.  Tell me,
Ryoko, why you're leaving me!"  Tears rushed to his
eyes too quick to stop them.  They dripped all over
the place.  Tenchi was a mess.  He slumped over,
burying his face in Ryoko's neck.  "Ryoko . ."
        There was nothing but the sounds of Tenchi's
sobs for a long time.  Then, "Tenchi . . ."
        Tenchi lifted his head, looking behind him
to see who had entered the room.  No one.
        Again.  "Ten--chi."
        Tenchi blinked and looked down at Ryoko.  Her
lips were moving, forming his name, her breath coming
in short gasps.
        Tenchi grabbed her hand and gazed down at her
gold eyes.  "Ryoko, can you hear me?"
        Her eyes slowly focused on him.  She looked
like a lost child.  "Yes," she said after awhile.
"I can hear you."
        Tenchi was so overwhelmed, he had no idea what
to say or do.  He could tell she was ready to go
under again at any second.  He was treading in
dangerous waters here, and he knew he had to be
careful or she'd slip under the surface once more.
        "Y-you," she said hesitantly.  She gazed up at
him.  "You want to know why I'm leaving you."
        Tenchi nodded wordlessly, wiping at his eyes,
embarrassed at the show of emotion.  "Yes, I do."
        "I told you," Ryoko whispered.
        "Told me what?"
        "You chose her."
        Tenchi raked a hand through his hair in
exasperation.  "No, I didn't choose Aeka, assuming
that's who you mean.  I haven't chosen anyone."
        "You will," Ryoko said cryptically.  "You
will choose her.  So why should I live?"
        "Have you seen the future?" Tenchi asked,
semi-sarcastically.
        "Yes."
        She said it with such conviction, Tenchi had
no choice but to believe her.  He saw it in her
eyes.  It was lingering in the gold depths along with
oceans of tears.  He saw nothing but a cold, blustery
winter in her eyes.  "How?" he demanded.
        "It's not important.  Nothing matters.  You'll
make your choice."
        "I don't think so," Tenchi replied.  He'd never
believed in destiny.  He believed that nothing was
inevitable.
        Ryoko blinked at him.
        "I don't believe in fate, Ryoko," Tenchi
explained.  "Anything can change."
        Ryoko shook her head, a tear rolling down her
face.  "Not that."
        "Oh."  Tenchi absently reached out and brushed
the tear away.  His hand lingered on her cheek, and it
hit him hard all of a sudden.  She was so beautiful.
        Tenchi guessed her brash, forwardness overshadowed
her beauty sometimes.  All he needed was the silence to
realize just how stunningly gorgeous she was.  She was
wearing a sheer, silken nightgown, one that Washu had
probably put her in, and it clung to her curves,
softening her entire look into one of gentle elegance.
He'd always admired Aeka's regal beauty, but he'd never
considered Ryoko's own beauty, which surprised him.
Had he been blind this whole time to Ryoko?  What else
was he missing?
        "Please, Tenchi, let me die.  A future without
you is one I don't want to live."  She pushed his hand
from her face and rolled on her back away from him.
        "You won't have to live without me, Ryoko!"
Tenchi shouted before he realized the impact of his
words.  Was he finally making his choice?  He
couldn't.  He wasn't sure yet what he wanted.
        Her shoulders shook, and Tenchi wasn't sure if
she was crying or convulsing with pain.  Either way,
it scared him.  "Go away, Tenchi!" she said shakily.
        "I'll never leave you!" Tenchi yelled back,
grasping her bare arms and pulling her close.  He
held her gently close to him.  "Never," he repeated
quietly, staring down at her face.
        Her wintry eyes gazed dully back at him.
She was coming apart fast.  Tenchi could see her
strength draining from her.  "Goodbye, Tenchi," she
whispered, her eyes fluttering closed.
        "No," Tenchi whispered, feeling for a pulse.
It was barely beating.  He had no clue what to do.
This was probably Ryoko's last moment on Earth.  So
he did the only thing he could.  He kissed her
goodbye.

        There was a knock at the door.  "I'll get
it," Kiyone called out, eager to get up and do
something instead of waiting and biting her nails.
        Kiyone opened the door to see a drop dead
handsome guy standing there.  He looked like he'd
just come from a country club, dressed in khakis and
a brown silk shirt.  His hair was brown and *really*
nicely cut.  "Yes?" she asked after giving him a
quick once-over.
        "Is a woman by the name of Ryoko residing
here?" he asked, his voice holding an arrogant tone
that Kiyone took a disliking to immediately.
        "Yes.  What's your business with her?" she
demanded, putting her hands on her hips.
        "She's ill," the guy replied.
        "How did you know?" Kiyone asked suspiciously.
        "Washu contacted me," the guy said in a bored
tone.
        "Hi, Gary," Washu said pleasantly.  "Come on
in."
        "Call off the bloodhound, Washu," Gary said,
brushing past Kiyone as if she was nothing.  Kiyone
bristled, gritting her teeth but keeping quiet.  Gary
continued, "Can I see her now?"
        "Sure.  Let me get Tenchi out of there."  Washu
opened the door, and Kiyone could see Tenchi sitting
by the bed, holding Ryoko's hand.  She was still in
her coma.
        "An old friend of Ryoko's wants to see her,"
Washu said to Tenchi.  "Out you go."
        "I'm not leaving her," Tenchi replied stubbornly.
        "Ugh," Gary said upon seeing Tenchi.  "Don't you
have some dirt to hoe or something?"
        Tenchi glared at Gary.  "You asshole," he
muttered.
        Washu led Tenchi out of the room.  "Gary's known
Ryoko longer than you have.  Let him say goodbye."
        Kiyone looked at Tenchi's face as Gary slammed
the door behind him.  Pure hatred.

<Gary>
        Amazing.
        The once terrifying space pirate Ryoko as
helpless as a kitten.  Death by her own hand.  So sad.
        "Hey, Ryoko," I said, walking over and sitting
on the edge of the bed.  "I wonder if you remember
me."
        I stared down at her, and felt that familiar
twinge in my heart I get any time I think about
her.  She still gets to me, even after all these
years apart.
        I remember meeting Ryoko.  I was sixteen years
old, spending a brilliant summer day at my family's
lake.  My father was the king of a little planet called
Destiny, which made me a prince and the next in line for
the throne.  I never had much to do, so I spent most of
my time outdoors, enjoying nature.
        That particular day was especially beautiful.
The entire lake seemed alive and throbbing with
intensity.  I dangled my tanned legs in the crystal
clear waters, basking in the sun and daydreaming about
my current crush,  a commoner named Pawna.  She had
blonde hair, blue eyes, and a damn good body.  I knew I
could never seriously date her, since my father was
really into keeping the royal blood line noble, but that
didn't stop me from wanting Pawna.  Sexually, that was.
        I noticed a sound coming from the woods near the
lake, a crashing sound, like the trees were being torn
apart.  Imagine my surprise when I saw a cyan-haired
woman come *flying* out of the woods straight at me.
        Before I knew it, she flew into me and we both
tumbled into the lake.  Once I got over the shock, I
treaded in the water, looking for the woman.
        She was floating off to the side of me.  Face down.
        I swam over to her, lifting her up by the shoulders
and checking to see if she was breathing.  Her eyes
focused on me, and she jerked away, flying up and over
the surface of the water.
        I blinked, staring up at her.  "Uh, hi," I said.
        It seemed like such a stupid thing to say.
I could see the confusion on her face.  "Aren't
you the prince?" she snapped.
        I slowly nodded.  "Yeah."  It took awhile,
but I finally placed her.
        Ryoko, notorious space pirate.  The most
wanted criminal in the galaxy.
        And damn, she was looking hot.  Those pictures
didn't do her justice.
        Give me a break, I was a sixteen-year-old male.
Sex was always on my mind.
        "Ryoko," I breathed.  I was more awed than
afraid.  I mean, hell, she was more famous than any
royal I knew, except those Jurains.
        Her face was twisted with some mixture of
paranoia and fear.  "You never saw me," she hissed.
        "Hey, I'll help you get outta here," I said,
swimming to the land and getting out, squeezing
excess water out of my clothes.  I pulled my shirt
up and over my head, discarding it near my brown
paper bag of food.  "I take it you're being chased
by the local police force."
        She was still guarded.  "I don't trust you,"
she spat.  "You'll probably turn me in to your
father or something."
        "I hate my father," I said, meaning it.  My
father was an aristocratic snob.  He ruled this
land like a dictator would, never listening to the
opinions of his Counsel and then blaming them when
problems arose because of his poor decisions.  I
never wanted to be like my father.
        Ryoko was silent for a moment.  There was
more noise from the woods.  The police were honing
in.  "You'll really help me get away?" she asked
finally.
        "Yes, on one condition," I said.
        "What's that?"
        "You take me with you," I said simply.
        Somehow, I forget the exact details, I convinced
her that day to bring me along with her on her
adventures.  I wondered later, after I had seen her
tremendous powers, why she had needed help to get away
from the police force.  She told me she had been
injured, and though she hadn't outwardly shown it, it
was taking all her effort to fly.  She completely
healed later, after we were aboard one of the Destiny's
military ships.
        Needless to say, I fell in love with Ryoko soon
after, and I never thought of Pawna again.
        And now back to the present, Ryoko was injured
again, only this time, she might not heal.  She didn't
*want* to heal.
        I didn't want Ryoko to die, but that was
apparently what she had in mind.
        "This guy must really mean something to you,"
I murmured.  "To kill yourself over him.  You're
better than that, Ryoko.  You know you are."
        I sighed.  She was as still as a corpse.  I
effortlessly pulled her up and held her in my lap,
stroking her soft face.  My heart was full of love
and pain.  I traced every feature on her face,
remembering what it was like when she looked at me
with those golden eyes and said she loved me.  Life was
so great back then.  Every day was a new adventure.
I've never felt complete since.  I know I never will
again, if she dies.
        *She doesn't even remember you.*
        Ah, so true.  So sadly true.
        "Ryoko," I whispered, pressing my face close to
hers so that her cheek touched mine.  Her body was
feather light; it appeared she had lost weight and
probably muscle over the duration of her sickness.  I
closed my eyes.  "I love you."
        I whispered the three words over and over, like
a prayer.  I was praying.  Praying for God to let her
come back to me.
        "I love you."
        Who said that?  It wasn't me.
        I gazed at Ryoko.  Her eyes were open.
        I saw winter.

End of 2

Send comments to me at:
frozen_angel18@hotmail.com