Tenchi Muyo: Forces of Darkness
Chapter 1: The Enemy Approaches 
Part 1- "The Nightmare"

Disclaimer: 
I don't own or claim any of the Tenchi Muyo characters or situations.  They 
are all owned by those wonderful people at AIC Pioneer.  Any other characters
were created by Jay the Dragon.  Please don't sue me!!!  I'm broke, so
all your efforts would be futile ahahahahaha!!!  But please don't anyway.  
Thanks!

Authors note:
This is my first attempt at a fanfic, so it's bound to have some imperfections
in it somewhere.  I'm pretty sure I have all my Tenchi-verse info straight.
However, I would really appreciate it if someone told me about anything that 
isn't accurate.  Please be nice though!  Remember it's my first, and I worked 
really hard on it.  It's been through pre-readers, who enjoyed it, but while
they are anime fans, they're not Tenchi experts. I appreciate any feedback-good
or bad.  My email is jaysdragon51@yahoo.com.  Thanks and enjoy! ^_^ (I hope.^_~)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


It was a beautiful October day outside.  Tenchi however, was trapped at his
desk, feeling extremely drowsy.  He had been slipping in and out of sleep 
all afternoon.  <All of Grandpa's training has been wearing me out 
lately.> he thought.  <I have to get a hold of myself!  If I fall asleep, 
I'll end up with a detention.> 

Tenchi glanced up at the clock on the wall.  <Yes!!  Only another half an 
hour!>  he thought excitedly.  <I'm not sure how much longer I can keep my 
head up.>  The day at school had moved by unbearably slow.  Tenchi rubbed the
dark circles under his eyes, and wiped sweat from his brow.  The classroom 
seemed unusually hot and muggy, despite the cool temperature outside.  
<That's because you might as well be burning in hell, Tenchi old boy.> 
he thought to himself.  Looking at his Sensei's balding head, he noticed two
stray tuffs of hair that resembled horns.  He started giggling uncontrollably.  

"Is there something funny you'd like to share with the rest of us Mr. Masaki?" 
Sensei asked sternly.

"Uhh...no of course not." Tenchi said, trying not to laugh.  "I just thought 
I saw someone familiar."  His sensei raised his eyebrow in response.

"You're a very strange boy Mr. Masaki.  Could you please stop disrupting the 
class so I can do my job?"

"Of course, it won't happen again."  Tenchi bit down on his tongue to make 
himself stop laughing.

The sensei frowned, and returned to his lecture on Comparative Economics.  
Tenchi sighed and looked out the window to avoid the glare from the back of 
his head.  Tenchi watched as the leaves blew along the ground.  The wind 
picked them up and swirled them around in an almost mesmerizing pattern.  
Slowly the world seemed to dim out.  Tenchi felt his forehead touching his desk
and jerked himself up suddenly.

<Oh man...almost lost it there!> Tenchi thought.  He looked up at the front of
the room to see if the sensei had noticed.  He was continuing to pull down 
graphs and charts to show changing trends in different areas of the economy.  
Tenchi glanced at the clock again.  <Oh yes!  I'm gonna make it!  With only 
ten minutes to go, nothing will be able to put me to sleep!>  Tenchi let out 
a sigh of relief. 

"Alright class, we have one last activity for the day."  Tenchi's sensei 
announced.  A look of horror crossed Tenchi's face as he reached in his desk 
and pulled out an Economics video.  

<No! NO! NO!!!> Tenchi pleaded in his mind.  The sensei started the video.  
<O.K. Tenchi...just relax!  You can make it through this!  After all, you've 
stood toe to toe with some of the most powerful beings in the universe, and 
came out on top.  This is nothing! >  Suddenly, the sensei turned out the 
lights in the classroom to remove the glare on the TV screen.  <I'm doomed.> 
Tenchi thought, sliding down in defeat.  The colors of the screen blurred in 
Tenchi's site, and soon he felt the cool touch of his desk on his forehead.

******

Tenchi felt himself falling into space.  He opened his eyes and found himself 
floating through what looked like a department store.  <What's going on 
here...?> he thought.  He felt a sudden wave of heat, and was thrown to the 
ground by an explosion.  He covered his head to avoid flying shards of glass, 
and other furniture.  When the smoke cleared, Tenchi looked up to survey the 
damage.  He heard shouting, the clashing of weapons, and a woman's scream.  A 
woman's screen that sounded a lot like...  "Oh my god, Ryoko!"  Tenchi yelled. 
He tried to run toward the sounds, but his legs seemed to weigh a ton.  He 
could only move unbearably slow, but continued to struggle his way towards the
sounds of the battle.  "I'm coming Ryoko!"

Finally, Tenchi rounded a corner and found the combatants.  Ryoko looked like
she was about to collapse.  Her battle suit was torn in several places, 
revealing deep gashes.  She stood ready to fight, but to Tenchi's horror, she
was missing all three of her gems.  Suddenly, a figure shrouded in black 
appeared in front of the space pirate.  The figure revealed an enormous energy
sword, and taunted Ryoko to come to him.  Ryoko glared at the figure and charged
as fast as her wounds would allow her.  "Ryoko, no!"  Tenchi screamed.  The 
figure brought a crushing blow down on Ryoko, and she collapsed without much 
of a struggle.  

"YOU MONSTER!!!"  Tenchi screamed.  He tried to charge but found himself 
unable to move.  He could only watch as the figure lifted Ryoko up, using a 
handful of her cyan hair, and broke her neck with a sickening snap.  The 
figure tossed Ryoko's ruined body aside, and melted into the shadows.  
"Ryoko!"  Tenchi tried to reach to her, but instead began to fall
away.  He lost control of his body and fell into a deep well of blackness.

******

Tenchi woke suddenly in the dark classroom.  He was breathing and sweating 
heavily, and had to slowly sit back in his chair to regain his senses.  His 
skin was clammy and cold from fresh memories of the nightmare.  "I wonder 
what brought that on." he said to himself.  As he regained his composure, he 
really noticed for the first time where he was.  "Oh great!"  Tenchi groaned.  
"I must have been asleep for like two hours!"  The classroom was empty, and 
the sun was already beginning to set.  As memories of the nightmare began to 
fade, Tenchi started to gather his supplies.  "At least I didn't get in 
trouble." He said, wiping sweat from his brow.  As he did, he pulled back a 
piece of paper, which read -I'll see you for an hour after school for the next 
week!- It was signed by the bald devil himself.  

"Damn."  Tenchi grumbled

******

Ryoko lay watching the sun set over the Masaki household.  She had been 
sunbathing on the roof, waiting for Tenchi to come home.  "Where on earth is 
he today?" she wondered aloud.  As she lay watching the colors blending into 
the sky, she heard Sasami calling her name for dinner.  "It's about time!  
I'm starving!" she said gleefully.  She teleported to the dining room, and 
instantly arrived at her usual spot at the table.  She found Aeka already 
there. The princess was looking down at the table, but looked up long enough 
to shoot Ryoko an angry glare.  In response, Ryoko pulled down her right 
eyelid and stuck out her tongue.  The princess looked up angrily, but Ryoko 
only gave her an innocent look.  Aeka lowered her head in thought again.  This
time Ryoko stretched out her mouth and blew a raspberry.  Aeka snapped her 
head back up only to find Ryoko whistling and looking off in the opposite 
direction.  Aeka's face began to glow red from frustration. 

"I know what you're doing you monster woman!" Aeka fumed.  "Can't you ever 
leave anyone alone?"  Ryoko looked hurt.

"Why, whatever do you mean Aeka?" she asked sweetly.

"Oh, you know what I'm talking about!"  Aeka said angrily.  

Tenchi finally arrived home after his long walk from the school.  The 
nightmare he had experienced was still in the back of his memory.  <Sasami's 
cooking is just what I need to get this day off my mind.>  He thought smiling.
He opened the door and heard the familiar sounds of Ryoko and Aeka arguing.  
Tenchi breathed a sigh of relief.  <At least I know Ryoko is O.K.>  He walked
in to the dining room, and suddenly found Ryoko in his arms.

"Tenchi, Aeka is going crazy!"  Ryoko whined.  "I was sitting here minding my
own business and she just starting yelling at me."

"You know that's not what happened!" Aeka gasped.  "You were doing what you 
do best, being an annoying pest!"  Ryoko jumped from Tenchi's arms and stood 
face to face with Aeka.

"Alright princess, you wanna fight?  I'm ready for ya, let's go, right now!" 
Ryoko began discharging electrical energy from her hands.  Aeka began 
generating the Jurian protection shield around her.  Tenchi suddenly stepped 
between them.  
	
"C'mon you two!  All you ever do is fight." Tenchi yelled.  "Can't we get 
through one day without you guys trying to kill one another?"  The two girls 
stopped their onslaught, and looked away from each other.  "Now apologize to 
one another." Tenchi said, crossing his arms.  Both girls started to protest,
but Tenchi only raised his hand to silence them.  Aeka sighed and looked at 
Ryoko.

"I'm sorry I snapped at you Miss Ryoko."  Aeka said looking at the floor.  
"Maybe I wouldn't if you weren't so pesky all the time."  Ryoko glared at Aeka.
	
"Now wait a minute Aeka." Tenchi started.

"And I'm sorry I snapped at you princess."  Ryoko interrupted.  "Maybe if you 
act like such a spoiled little brat all the time..."

"Hey Ryoko!" Tenchi started.  But it was too late.  Both girls discharged a 
massive amount of energy causing an explosion in the dining room.  Sasami 
walked into the room, balancing her carefully prepared meal.

"Hey guys, here's dinner." She stopped short upon seeing the chaos of the 
dining room.  Tenchi, Ryoko, and Aeka lay in a daze amongst the charred remains
of the room.  A sweat drop formed on Sasami's head.  "Umm...I hope you guys are
still hungry." she said laughing nervously.

******

On the other side of the Universe...

An enormous crimson colored ship, roughly the size of a small planet, cruised 
silently through space.  Carefully stenciled across the hull was the word "Akira".
On the main bridge, a tall, dark man dressed in elegant robes watched the scenes 
unfolding in the Masaki household.  The picture was being projected on a large 
view screen.  Next to him, a short blonde girl watched the screen intently.  
"Zoom in on Ryoko." the man spoke.  

"Right away lord Vash."  One of the many bridge officers answered.  The screen
changed to a close up of Ryoko, who was wolfing down her chicken and rice, 
unaware of the stray food covering her face.  
	
"These miniature probes of your are amazing Rival."  Vash said to the girl.  
	
"Thank you my lord." She answered.  "They are necessary to collect the data I 
need.  If I am to create a being powerful enough to defeat Ryoko, I must 
understand everything about her."  Rival brought up her virtual keyboard, and 
began typing commands.  The screen froze and pictures of Ryoko's gems appeared.
"I've determined that Ryoko's powers are generated by these three gems.  They
appear to emulate the powers of a goddess.  I believe that was the 
reason for her creation."

"A goddess?"  Vash asked.  "How do you know that?"

"It's easy." she answered.  "You know how I've been observing the Masaki family 
ever since Ryoko was reawakened?"  

"Yes. Go on."

"Well not that long ago, when Washu was being held captive by Dr. Clay, It was
revealed that Washu has some kind of background with Tokimi.  I'm not sure what
the connection is, but I do know that Washu had some reason to create gems with
the ability to generate and channel all that power.  My theory is that she is 
attempting to simulate Tokimi's power.  However, my camera was destroyed when
Clay's ship exploded.  Due to a delay in the video feed, I didn't get the whole 
story."

"I see."  Vash said.  "Hmmm...These powers also resemble those possessed by 
Juria Trees.  I wander  if she has the ability to summon the Wings of the 
Light Hawk?"  Vash asked.

"That remains to be seen." Rival answered.  "We do know that the boy has this 
ability.  "I will be able to reproduce and even extend these powers once I get
the necessary DNA samples."

"So you still plan to get samples from them all?"  

"The design will be based mostly on Ryoko, but collecting samples from them all
will allow me to further enhance the abilities of my design.  After all, we 
are dealing with some of the universe's strongest powers."  The only trick 
will be finding a way to generate the power in question."

"Oh?" Vash questioned.

"We know from the experience with Clay that the gems cannot simply be cloned."
Rival stated.  Vash nodded.  "Well, once I get the DNA needed to produce these
powers, I'll still need some way of channeling that energy." Rival finished.

"Any ideas on how you're going to do that?" 

"I'll figure something out.  People don't call me a scientist just 'cause a 
wear a lab coat ya know!" Rival snapped.

Vash glared angrily at her.  "Alright scientist.  Just don't forget the same 
person that rescued you from the brink of death is also funding all your little
experiments."

"Your right, I'm sorry." she apologized.

"Very well.  Carry on with the plan as scheduled."  Vash said.  Rival nodded 
and went back to typing on her keyboard.  Vash left the bridge, and headed for
his private VR training room.  <Everything is going as planned.>  he thought.
<Once I have control of these powers, nothing will stop me taking control of 
the universe.  I will produce an entire army of beings stronger than Ryoko.  
Even the Emperor of Jurai will bow before me!>  Vash smiled slyly as he 
continued on to his destination.

******

It was late evening when Ryoko and Aeka had finished cleaning up the dining 
room mess.  Now, Ryoko was floating quietly up the stairs towards Tenchi's 
room.  As she did, she thought about how her relationship with Tenchi had grown 
in the past few months.  It started when he decided he trusted her enough to 
return all her gems.  He prayed for their return from the hilt of the sword.  
She had been overjoyed at feeling her complete power returned to her.

Ever since that day, they had been more open in their conversations.  Tenchi 
was even more comfortable around her.  He no longer flinched or seemed as 
nervous when she was around.

However, all throughout dinner, he had remained almost totally silent.  
<I Hope we didn't push him over the edge...>  She thought.  <As far as are 
relationship has come, I'd hate to lose it all now.>  As she reached the top 
of the stairs, she noticed his bedroom light was still on.  <Good, I'll have 
a chance to talk to him.>  

She reached Tenchi's door and started to pass through, but then thought better
of it.  She pulled back and knocked.  "Tenchi, are you still up?"  she called.

"Yeah I'm up."  He answered.  

"Do you mind if I come in?"

"No, go ahead.  I need someone to talk to anyway."  Ryoko passed through the 
door, and found Tenchi lying back on his bed, listening to an older American 
rock band.  The music was deep and depressing.  

"Who are you listening to?"  Ryoko asked.

"A band from the early nineties called Pearl Jam.  They've got a couple songs
that seem to fit my mood right now."  Tenchi sat up and turned off the stereo.
"Ryoko we've got to talk about something..."  Tenchi started.

"I'm sorry I blew up the dinning room before dinner!  It was just that Aeka 
was..."  Ryoko interrupted.

"No, that's not what I want to talk about." 

"Really?  I thought you were upset.  You were so quiet during dinner..."

"Nah, I'm not upset over that.  Honestly Ryoko, I've gotten so use to you guys 
blowing stuff up around here it doesn't even bother me anymore."  

A sweat drop formed on Ryoko's forehead.  "Yeah we are kinda prone to property
damage, aren't we?"  Tenchi nodded.  "So, if that's not it, then what's up?"
She asked.  

"You know how I came home so late?"  Ryoko nodded.  "Well, I fell asleep in 
Comparative Economics class at the end of the day."  Ryoko busted out laughing.

"So, what's so bad about that?"  she said laughing.  "I'm sure your not the 
first person to fall asleep in class Tenchi my darling."  Tenchi shot her an 
annoyed look.  "Alright, alright I'm sorry.  Go on with your story."  She 
floated across the room and sat beside him on the bed.

"Anyway..." Tenchi started.  "While I was asleep, I had this really vivid 
nightmare that I just can't seem to get out of my head.  I think that maybe if
I tell someone about it, it'll make me feel a little better."  Tenchi looked 
up into Ryoko's yellow felinoid eyes.  "Can I trust you not to tell anyone 
else about this?"

"Of course Tenchi."  Ryoko answered, putting her arm around him.  

"O.k. here it goes..." Tenchi started.  He told Ryoko the details of his dream, 
including the dark figure that struck her down.  "It was so strange...I wanted to 
help you, but all I could do was watch."  Tenchi finished.

"Weird...I didn't have any powers?" Ryoko asked.

Tenchi nodded.  "I couldn't see clearly, but somehow I could sense that your 
gems were gone."

"So, what kind of food have they been feeding you in school?"

"Huh?  What are you talking about Ryoko?"

"Well something had to cause you to have such a crazy dream.  We should have 
Washu examine it to see what kind of mind altering chemicals they might be 
putting in that stuff."

"Give me a break, there's nothing in the food!  Thanks for taking this seriously
Ryoko!"  Tenchi said, pulling away from her. 

"Oh come on Tenchi!  Lighten up."  Ryoko said as she pulled him back next to her.

Tenchi sighed.  "I guess your right, Ryoko.  It was probably just a dream."

"Of course it was just a dream!  You worry to much."  Ryoko said giving Tenchi
a bear hug.  Tenchi wiggled out of her grasp.

"Thanks for your help Ryoko."  Tenchi said.  

"Anytime my love."  She answered looking into his eyes.  "You wanna know what
I think is interesting?"

"What's that?"  Tenchi asked.

"You were really worried about me, weren't you?"

"Well...Yeah." he answered.  Ryoko moved closer to him.

"You know the worst thing for me would be that you and I never got to share our
love."  Tenchi gulped nervously.  "Maybe we should try a kiss.  You know...just
to see if it would work out between us."  Ryoko backed him to the edge of his
bed.

"Ummm...I don't know Ryoko, I mean..."  

"Ohhh Tenchi, don't worry!  We're meant to be together anyway."  Tenchi stopped
trying to struggle and looked into Ryoko's eyes.  

<Maybe we are meant to be together...> Tenchi thought.  <Maybe that nightmare
was to make me see who I really care about.>  Tenchi got closer to Ryoko, 
embracing her in his arms.  

<Wow!!!  We're actually gonna kiss! After all the waiting and fighting my dream
is finally coming true!> Ryoko thought excitedly.  She felt his warm embrace,
and closed her eyes as Tenchi moved to kiss her.  His mouth was only centimeters
away when an unexpected explosion knocked him to the floor.  Ryoko, still waiting
on her kiss, fell flat on Tenchi's bed.  She looked up in surprise, and was 
furious with what she saw at the door.

"WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING!?"  Aeka bellowed at the top of her lungs.  
"Can't you ever leave lord Tenchi alone you vile monster!"  Ryoko jumped up 
and met Aeka head on.

"You don't even know what you're talking about!"  Ryoko yelled.  "For your 
information Tenchi and I were about to declare our love for each other!"

"Nonsense! I won't believe it!  This time you've gone to far Ryoko!"  As the 
two stood arguing, Tenchi began to regain consciousness on the floor.  

"Ho my head...man what the hell happened?  He looked up to see Ryoko and Aeka
deadlocked in battle.  "Oh, I shoulda known."  Tenchi stood up and started 
towards the two combatants.

"What is your problem Aeka?"  Ryoko yelled, as power began discharging from 
her hands.

"You're my problem devil woman!" Aeka yelled as she summoned her shield.

<This could be bad...> Tenchi thought.  Instead of trying to separate the two 
he headed for the door, ducking for cover.  As he reached for the handle, he was 
knocked back to the floor by Mihoshi bursting in.  She stepped over Tenchi's dazed 
body to get to Aeka and Ryoko.

"Come on you guys!  Can't we all just get along?"  She asked sweetly.  The girls 
stopped fighting and glared at Mihoshi.

"NO!!!"  They shouted in unison.  Mihoshi was blown across the room onto Tenchi's bed.  
More than a little dizzy, Tenchi stood once more.  He reached for the door again, 
and was flattened against the wall by the entering Washu.

"Hey Tenchi, where are ya!?  Wanna be my guinea pig for a few experiments?"  
She looked around and scratched her head. "Now where is he hiding?"  Tenchi 
groaned from behind the door.  "There you are!"  The red haired scientist 
chirped excitedly.  She grabbed his hand and started to hall him off to her 
subspace lab.  As she stepped out the door, she ran into a red faced Nobuyuki.  

"Hey what are all you girls doing up here in Tenchi's room?"  He asked, 
grinning sheepishly.  "If it's a game you're playing, is there room for one 
more?"

"Umm...errr...Well..." Washu stuttered.

"Tenchi? Tenchi?!" a voice interrupted from the stairs.  Both turned to see 
Katsuhito approaching.  Tenchi came out of his trance and jerked away from 
Washu.  

"What is it Grandpa?"  he asked rubbing his head.

"Where were you this afternoon?  You missed all your training.  As punishment, 
you will have double your chores at the Shrine for the next week."

"All I wanted was a little peace and quiet..."  Tenchi sighed.


******

To Be Continued.


 Alright, here's the first part of chapter one.  I hope you liked!  I've decided to post 
the chapters in two part installments.  This way I can keep organized better.  Here's
a list of things to come.a sort of preview for chapter1 part2 and upcoming events.

Chap1 part2:
Who are Vash and Rival?  Why is Rival, a genius in her own right, hell bent on 
destroying Washu and Ryoko?  What kind of terrifying power is Vash trying to
hide?  And what of Tenchi's nightmare?  Was it really some kind of vision into
the future?  Find out in the next installment: "Secrets Revealed!"

Later.^_^
