Forces of Kagato

By Sean Thibaudeau

Chapter 2: No Need For an Aspirin

Note: you're probably going to need an aspirin after reading this. Enjoy!

	"Son," an old man says to a young blond haired boy with bright green eyes.
	"What, father?" the boy asks, putting his toys down.
	His father approaches him with one of his fists clenched. "I have something 
for you."
	The boy looks at him with much intrigue, "Oh, what is it, father? Tell me 
what it is!"
	His father starts to laugh. " Patience... patience. First you need to 
promise me that you will take care of this throughout your life. It was the 
only thing that got me through the difficult times where I was forced to 
raise you alone. Will you promise me?" He holds out his clenched hand and a 
chain falls through the cracks between his fingers.
	The boy's eyes light up, "Of course!" he places his two hands on his 
father's. Both of them smile and the father tells his son to close his eyes. 
The boy does and the necklace is placed around his neck.
	His father backs up a few steps, "You can open them now."
	The boy anxiously looks down and smiles. He holds it in his hands and 
notices it is a locket. He opens it, revealing there is a picture of a 
beautiful with his eyes. "Is that my mother..."


	"I don't think there are going to be any survivors, Mihoshi." Keyone pants 
as she and her partner run to the crash. They are about 20 meters from the 
center of the wreckage and closing. The ship was completely destroyed, 
pieces of it burn and the flames leave trails of black smoke in the sky.
	"There's got to be a trace of crew members somewhere, even if they are 
dead! We can't give up searching until we find some!" The two continue to 
run.
	"Right." Keyone slows down and scavenges through the pieces that are not 
too hot. Mihoshi does the same.

	"Are we almost there, Ryoko!?" Tenchi yells with his face against the wind. 
"I'm getting kinda cold down here. Up here. Whatever... I'm cold!"
	Ryoko puts her cheek next to his, "We're almost there, Tenchi, don't get 
too cold on me!"
	"I can't help it, this wind is freezing." He shivers.
	"We're almost there. Trust me, warming you up will NOT be a problem when we 
get there." She smiles and passes over a mountain, revealing hot springs and 
the hotel in the distance. Tenchi sighs, but is still shivering. "Well, if 
you'd like, I'll slow down so it isn't as bad, ok?"
	"Yeah, I'd really appreciate that."
	"ANYTHING for my Tenchi!!" she smiles and slows down.

	"There is no way anyone could have survived this," Keyone says to herself, 
still searching among the debris. A light catches her eye. She takes a 
closer look and sees it is the light reflecting off of a blue jewel on the 
ground. She picks it up and examines it closely. It was completely intact. 
She looked around, hoping that the owner of it would be nearby. She puts the 
jewel in her pocket.
	"Keyone! Keyone! Come here, quick!"
	"What is it?" Keyone yells back, running in the direction of her partner's 
voice.
	Mihoshi is kneeling next to two fused pieces of metal on top of one 
another; under the bottom piece, a hand is visible. "I tried to move it but 
it's too heavy to do it alone. We have to get this person out before it is 
too late!"
	The two women grab it at opposite ends, "I just hope it isn't too late 
already," Keyone thinks. "On three. One...two...three." They lift them up 
and toss the mass to one side. Underneath is a man, covered in bruises and 
ashes.
	"Is he dead?" Mihoshi asked, looking at him closely.
	"I don't know," Keyone kneels down, "let me check." She slowly flips his 
body over and puts her ear to his heart. It was still beating...very slowly. 
"He's unconscious, but I don't know how badly he's hurt. We've gotta get him 
out of here right now." She gets up off of him. "Damnit, I wish Ryo Ohki had 
come with us, it would made things a lot easier."
	"Here, I'll grab this end, you get his feet." The two pick him up and begin 
a slow journey back to the Musaki house.

	"Do you have a reservation?" the man behind the desk held his nose high in 
the air.
	Ryoko smiles, "Yes... Musaki. Mr. and Mrs. Tenchi Musaki."
	"Wait. You made a reservation under my name!?" Ryoko nodded. "When did you 
do that? Why my na-I think you're getting a little ahead of yourself. 
(pants) I just hope no one I know is here, they might think I'm married to 
you!"
	Ryoko puts her arm around him, "Ah, it's better that they think that now, 
it makes it easier for when we actually ARE married."
	"You're crazy!" Tenchi looks at her, trying to maintain a straight face but 
they both end up laughing.
	"You are in room 24 on the 3rd floor." The manager holds out the key. 
"That'll be 65,000 yen."
	Ryoko sorts through her pockets, and pays him. She takes the key, "Let's 
go, sweetie!" They pick up their bags and head into the elevator. "Aren't 
you excited, Tenchi? We're going to have our room for 3 days! Just you and 
me, baby!" She cannot keep her hands off of him and he smiles.
	"Yeah, it is exciting. We're going to have a lot of fun." He puts his arm 
around her and she sighs, melting into him. The door opens and they step out 
of the elevator, onto the floor. They find their way to the room and go in. 
Tenchi walks in first and puts his luggage down by the door. He walks over 
to the bedroom, admiring the very nice room. "Wow, this place is really 
nice. You did a good job choosing this place, Ryoko....Ryoko?" He turns to 
see her close the door and jump at him, throwing him on the bed. "Ryoko, 
what are you doing?"
	She wasn't even listening, she climbs on top of him, "I've wanted this for 
SO long, Tenchi. Just to be alone with you... without the possibility of 
interruption." She looks deeply into his eyes.
	"Ryoko, are you nuts?" he tries to back away but she pursues.
"I want you so bad Tenchi!" She smiles and holds him down. But there's 
something I have to get out of the way, first."
	Tenchi, already confused, figures it can't any stranger. "What? What is it 
Ryoko?"
	"Tenchi... I am madly in love with you. My world revolves around you. And 
without you, there is nothing; I am nothing. I need to know if you feel the 
same way. I need to know if you're in love with me too." She holds his hands 
to her heart. "Tenchi...do you love me?"
	Tenchi sits up a bit, pushing her off a little. Ryoko's eyes are more 
beautiful than they had ever been. "Yes, I do love you, Ryoko."
	She blushes bright red. "That's all I ever really wanted to know..." she 
whispers and Tenchi kisses her. Ryoko swears to herself it is the happiest 
moment in her life.

	Sasami could not keep her eyes away from the window. Ryo Ohki sits on the 
window sill, staring and waiting also. "I hope no one got hurt, Ryo Ohki." 
Ryo Ohki meows and looks out the window again. "Maybe if we're lucky, we'll 
have a new friend in the house." Ryo Ohki meows more cheerfully. "Hehe, I 
hope so too."
	"Hey, Sasami." Noboyuki stands at the foot of the stairs looking very 
tired. "Where is everyone? Where is Tenchi?"
	Sasami turns around. "Oh, hey, Noboyuki! I don't know where everyone is, 
not even Tenchi. Except for Keyone and Mihoshi, they went to the crash to 
see if anyone needed help."
	"Crash? What Crash?"
	"The crash that happened about half and hour ago. It almost hit the house."
	"WHAT!!? IT ALMOST HIT THE HOUSE!!?" he faints.
	" C'mon Ryo Ohki, lets look around the house and see if we can find anyone 
else." They walk over to Washu's lab door. She tries to peak into the window 
but is too short.
	"SOMEONE OPEN THE DOOR!" Mihoshi's voice emanates from behind the door, 
accompanied with a loud banging. Sasami runs to the door and opens it. 
Mihoshi and Keyone rush in, their arms straining from the weight of the 
injured man.
	"Is he OK?" Sasami asks as she pets Ryo Ohki and follows them as they move 
to the living room.
	"We don't know. Here, set him down on the couch, Mihoshi." The girls try to 
place him on the couch as gently as possible.
	"OW! My arms hurt," Mihoshi complains staring at her red fingers.
	"Stop your bitching, Mihoshi! We just saved this man's life!"
	Sasami walks up to the man and takes a good look at him. "He kinda looks 
like Ryoko," she says as her face squints up, trying to see every detail. 
Ryo Ohki jumps out of her arms and starts rubbing her face up against his 
burned and frail body. "Ryo Ohki, do you know him?" Ryo Ohki meows and 
continues to rub his wounds with his soft fur. Everyone looks over at them 
puzzled. "Who is he, Ryo Ohki?" The cabbot meows a few times and starts 
licking his face.
	"You're right though, Sasami, he does kind of look like Ryoko. Different 
hair style." Keyone examines him closely. His light hair was filled with ash 
and his face full of cuts and burns. "I could have sworn he was more beaten 
up than this when we found him. Come here, Mihoshi."
	Mihoshi walks over, "Yeah, you're right, Keyone!"
	"Maybe he's a fast healer." Keyone stands up straight. "We should get some 
one to look over him. Someone better trained in taking care of people. 
Tenchi's Grandfather... or Washu. I'm sure they'd know how to help him more 
than we can."
	Mihoshi walks over to the closet, "Here, I'll get Washu." She tries to open 
the door but it doesn't budge. "Hey, it won't open!"
	Keyone walks over and tries the door herself. "Washu probably just locked 
the door, that's all." She gently knocks. "Oh, Washu?" she knocks again and 
still no response. After a few more trials she get's frustrated and starts 
to bang on the door. "OPEN THE DOOR, YOU LOUSY TROLL!!!" She hits the doors 
so hard, it is a wonder it doesn't break apart. After a couple more seconds, 
she gives up, panting. "Where could she be?"
	Tenchi's father wakes up from his lightheadedness. "Oh, my head!" he 
complains rubbing the back of his neck.
	Sasami skips up to him. "Do you know if Katsuhito is better yet?"
	"Last I saw him, he was meditating. Trying to will away those lingering 
sick vibes, I guess. Why?"
	Sasami thanks him and runs up the stairs to Katsuhito's room. She knocks on 
the door.
	"Yes?" a voice from inside speaks.
	Sasami opens the door and enters slowly, half bowing. "I'm sorry if I 
disturbed you."
	Katsuhito gets off the floor. "No, not at all, Sasami. I was actually 
getting lonely, we've all been sick for quite a few days now." The young 
Jurain princess nods. "Now, what can I do for you?"
	"Oh my, I don't know where to begin. Tenchi, Ryoko, and Washu are missing. 
And then, this space ship crashed not that far away... so Keyone and Mihoshi 
went to go help they brought this man who looks like Ryoko. But we don't 
know if he's getting better, or if he's going to be ok. We thought maybe you 
could see if his wounds are bad or not."
	"I'll do what I can." Katsuhito puts his hand on her shoulder and the two 
go downstairs. Everyone greets each other and he kneels down by the man's 
side. He strips the remainder of the man's clothes off and asks for a 
blanket to put over him. Mihoshi fetches one. He looks at the man's wounds. 
The most noticeable ones are located at his ribs. Charred blood was covering 
his skin. With tweezers and bandages, he does what he can to fix the wounds 
up. He searches around for other wounds and notices a blue gem on his left 
wrist. "Oh my," he thinks, "It's just like Ryoko's, only blue." He turns 
around. "You guys are right. He's just like Ryoko."
	"That's because in a way, he is Ryoko." Everyone looks to see Washu walking 
closer to them.
	"Washu, where have you been? Keyone curiously looks at her. I banged on 
your door a hundred times, didn't you hear?"
	"Really? I didn't hear anything. The last thing I remember is messing 
around with some samples of Tenchi's blood and then ~poof~ I opened the door 
and saw Ryoko Futago lying on the couch."
	"Ryoko Futago?" everyone asks at once.
	"Is there an echo in here? I'm going to have to redesign these walls so the 
sound doesn't bounce around as much." She looks at the man closely. "Anyway, 
yeah, that's Ryoko Futago alright."
	Keyone asks, "Well, who is he?"
	Washu sighs, "Well, get comfortable, this might take a while. He was 
created by Kagato shortly after he took control of Ryoko some 900 years ago. 
Kagato sensed that Ryoko's will was so strong that she could easily break 
free of his will in time. I had known about this, which is why it worried me 
little that he had her under a spell. She was very rebellious to his will, 
so he decided to split Ryoko in half. He transferred copies of her cells, 
half of her memories and half of her personality to a machine. This machine 
mutated the cells so that they became male and formed it all into a 
radically aged body. That body is what you see before you. His personality 
was a lot different from that of Ryoko because he had traits that she didn't 
anymore. He was a more sensitive person. Kagato used this sensitiveness to 
his favor on many occasions, including the attack on Jurai. He was ordered 
to seduce the female members of the royal family...and then kill them all, 
leaving the throne open for Kagato."
	"Well... what happened?" everyone blurted out at once, getting in Washu's 
face.
	"Calm down. He failed, obviously, and Kagato imprisoned him in ice. That's 
the last I felt his presence until now."
	"Wow! You mean to tell me that he's Ryoko's brother?" Sasami asks.
	"I guess in a way, he is. He's more like Ryoko's better half. Ha!"
	Mihoshi looks puzzled for a bit. "That would make him you're son, wouldn't 
it?"
	Washu looks even more puzzled. " I never really thought of it like that. I 
mean, the whole time that I've known he's existed, he's been a tool for 
evil. But now that Kagato's dead, I... I don't know."
	"He's even got jewels like Ryoko, see!" Sasami gets up and points to his 
wrist and Keyone pulls out the other gem from her pocket.
	"I've got the other one!"
	"Its not quite like Ryoko's... they are actually more powerful, in a 
different way, of course. Kagato poured a lot of black magic into them. 
Ryoko has always been 'in your face' strong, but in actuality; Ryoko Futago 
is stronger, though you wouldn't know it by looking at him. Kagato didn't 
care whether Ryoko died or not, she was expendable. But Futago was his 
favored secret weapon, which is why I assume Kagato froze him for a later 
use. My question is... why is he here?"

	"What's this?" Keiryoku, the youngest member, looks at a button blinking on 
his communications panel. He presses it, hoping it is something useful. An 
audio file begins to play:
	"###command, this is Lt. Baku. I am making this report after an encounter 
with the infamous space pirate Ryo Ohki. Ryo Ohki tried to make ###tak on 
Earth but was successfully defeated. I shot the thing down and according to 
my computer it was completely destroyed on impact with the Earth's surface. 
I ###it further instructions regarding this matter."
	"HA! Gotcha Tabibito!" the other crewmembers look at him deliriously and 
try to return to their duties. "I will be in Watsuremono's favor! Which 
means I will next in line for Kagato's Crystal." The others couldn't have 
cared any less.

  	"Hey, how come no one ever mentioned him before?" Mihoshi asks, 
scratching her head. The others turn to Washu.
	"I don't know about Ryoko, but I had forgotten about him over the many 
years of being Kagato's prisoner."
	"Where is Ryoko?" Sasami asks, looking as cute as saneness allows. "I 
haven't seen her or Tenchi for a long time."
	Noboyuki fiddles with his glasses, "I'm sure Tenchi is doing something 
constructive and responsible, that's my boy for ya."
	 "I'll tell you where he went, but you guys have to promise not to tell 
Aeyeka." Washu touches Futago's hair and looks at the fellow residents. 
Everyone is unison demands to know where. "Promise me... well, actually, 
it's more like 'promise Tenchi'" In unison, everyone promises. "Ok. He and 
Ryoko checked into a hotel room."
	Everyone's jaw dropped. Their questions slurred together. "She's that 
desperate? Tenchi's not like that is he? Etc."
	"Tenchi is very responsible, Washu," Katsuhito added. "How did Ryoko 
convince Tenchi to go while all of us were sick?"
	"Well, it's kinda my fault, I guess. I told Tenchi that she had taken care 
of him nonstop and that's why he was better. When, actually, my genius was 
responsible. I created a treatment that seems to have worked pretty well, 
wouldn't you say?"
	"Yes, but why did you tell him that?" Katshihto asks.
	"He agreed that Ryoko should have some time to spend with him. I knew that 
if Aeyeka found out, she'd be mad. So, I made him a promise not to tell her, 
in exchange, he donated some samples.
	"I see," the old warrior nods.
	"I don't know how Tenchi got better before everyone else, but you can't 
know everything, I guess."
	"Yes, and Aeyeka is till sick." Sasami says.
	"Well, I have a feeling this was all a mistake, Washu. The fact that this 
man is here proves it. I just hope my feeling is wrong."

	Ryoko and Tenchi loll in bed, looking at the beautifully decorated room and 
breathing in the peaceful air. Ryoko is half asleep, her head on Tenchi's 
chest. She can hear every heart beat that radiates from within his chest. 
She thinks to herself, "My life is so perfect right now. Just when I thought 
Tenchi didn't care for me like this, he tells me he loves me and actually 
kisses ME. I can't believe we're alone, no one managed to get in the way; 
and I'm about to fall asleep in his arms. Ha, Aeyeka is going to have a fit 
when we get home but... hey, Tenchi made his choice. The right one." Tenchi 
is fully awake. One arm is around Ryoko, the other runs it's fingers through 
her hair. "I love you, Tenchi," she whispers as she falls asleep.
	 Tenchi did not hear her. A lot of thoughts raced through his mind. "There 
is nothing wrong about anything we're doing. I am spending some quality time 
with Ryoko, one of my best friends...who nursed me back to health. She 
deserves this. So, why do I feel so guilty? There is no reason to. Was it 
the fact that I kissed her? So what! Aren't you supposed to show affection 
to the ones you care about? Just because I kissed her doesn't mean it takes 
away from Aeyeka or Sasami or anyone else. Wow. I don't feel guilty anymore. 
I guess I just needed to get that off my chest or something." He looks at 
Ryoko and all of the surroundings. "Look at her. Wiped out from flying us 
over here. She paid for all of this. I've got to repay her somehow. I'm got 
to show more affection. I've ignored her too much. Maybe I could order a 
masseuse tomorrow or something. I think she'd like that. It's so weird. 
Today, Ryoko seems prettier than she ever has to me." Ryoko starts to snore. 
"Well, maybe not this second."

	"...is this my mother?" the boy asks, staring at the charm intently.
His father smiles. "Yes, it is. A sterner look comes across his face. "You 
see, not long after you were born, my parents decided that it not be right 
to have two different races, your mother and myself to interbreed. So they 
forced me to take you away from her when I attended space academy. I tried 
to find her for many years as you have been growing up, but all attempts 
have failed. She's gone."
	"Why hasn't she tried to find us," the boy asked.
	"She did try, I know her...she would not have given up without a fight. 
Something must have happened."
	"So YOU took me away from my mother and SHE didn't even try to find me!!"
	Watsuremono woke up in a deep sweat to the knock of his door. He breathes 
heavily for a moment. "Come."
	The door opens with Keiryoku standing at the doorway. "Sir. I have found 
Tabibito! He's stranded on somewhere on the planet Earth, possibly dead. 
Shall we proceed immediately to there?"
	Watsuremono shakes, trying to wake himself up more. "Yes, of course. 
(clears throat) Do you have an ETA?"
	Keiryoku walks in the doorway a bit more, "Yes, at maximum speed, we should 
arrive in less four days. Are you ok, sir? You look distressed. I thought 
such news would please you."
	"I am fine and not over pleased because I know it was well within our 
capability to track him. Cloak the ship and inform the others to go into 
Cryo-sleep; if he's still alive, he and Ryoko will fight for those gems, and 
I want us to be at full power. Understood?"
	"Of course, Watsuremono." Keiryoku steps out and the door closes. The 
commander grabs the locket on his neck and shuts his eyes. "Soon, it will 
all be mine..."

Several days later:

	The man opens his eyes and looks at his strange surroundings. "Where am I?" 
he whispers to himself. He looks at his ribs and examines the bandages 
Katshihto applied. "Oh, that was nice of someone." He rips it off to reveal 
that it has completely healed. After closing his eyes and stretching, he 
turns his head and sees Washu standing at the back of the couch. "Oh no..." 
he says, "Please let this be a dream."
	Washu smiles, "What's the matter? You don't look happy to see your mommy!"
	"Where's Ryoko?" he asks.
	She laughs, "Enjoying herself, I'd assume. What? You're not going to ask 
how I am?"
	"Hmf! Your presence here only complicates things." He notices that she is 
still waiting for a reply to her question. "So how are you, Washu?" His 
voice could not be any duller in tone.
	"Me, I'm fine! I'm happy to see you're still in one piece, I thought since 
Kagato is dead, you'd be trapped in that ice forever. But you got out!"
	"Very observant. Now could you please tell me where Ryoko is?" Ryo Ohki 
enters the room, meows, and jumps in his lap. "RYO OHKI! I haven't seen you 
in... wow! I don't even remember it's been such a long time." She makes 
strange cabbot noises as he holds and pets her fur. He starts to whisper, 
"Ryo Ohki, can YOU tell me where I can find Ryoko? Can you, girl?"
	The other girls of the household one by one approach from different ends of 
the house, silently watching. Washu sighs. "Oh, please, you don't have to 
get that desperate. I'll tell you where she is if you just tell me why 
you're here...and if you really care about me, you'll say 'to make my mommy 
happy!'"
	"Alright. I came here because I need to see Ryoko. I need to tell her 
something." He puts the cabbot down, who hops away.
	"What's that?"
	"She, like me, is being hunted by the forces of Kagato." All of the girls 
gasp in their secret hiding places. "Who's there?" he stands up and the 
blanket slides off, revealing his nakedness. All the girls start snickering 
but he doesn't notice why. "What are you laughing at? Come out now!" He 
raises his hand as if he is going to form a light saber.
	Washu smiles and raises her eyebrows. "Futago, I don't remember you being 
so cute, hehehe!" He notices she is staring at him below the waist.
	"Huh?" he looks down and covers himself with his hands. The girls laugh 
some more. Blushing, he grabs the blanket and ties it around his waist. 
"Ahhhhhh..." he sighs.
	"Don't be shy, girls, come on out and meet him."
	Sasami is the first to approach him. He looks down at the little girl and 
smiles. "Hey, I'm Sasami, from Jurai's royal family. Pleased to meet you." 
She shakes his hand.
	"Princess... you DO know I was supposed to kill you, right?"
	Mihoshi approaches him from his side and introduces herself. "I'm Detective 
Mihoshi of the Galaxy Police. I helped rescue you."
	"Oh, thanks. I just wish the Galaxy Police hadn't shot me down too, that 
would have been nice."
	Keyone stands up, blushing. "Hi. I'm Keyone...um.. I am... uh huh.. well, 
it's really nice meeting you, um, Futago."
	He kisses her hand. "The pleasure is all mine, Keyone. Please, everyone, 
call me Tabibito. I am trying to obtain as much uniqueness from my sisters I 
can. Speaking of which, you haven't told me where to find her yet, Washu." 
He looks over at the scientist.
	"Well, FUTAGO, if you want me to call you Tabibito, you're going to have to 
call me Mom, Mama, or Mommy, ok?" she crosses her arms in a hissy fit type 
manor.
	"...Ok...mom."
	"Now, that's better. You see? I'm feeling the love already! Ryoko went with 
our friend Tenchi to the FUN FUN hotel. Help you any?"
	"Yes, I am sure I can find it. All I have to do is create some clothes and 
fly over there." He looks at his wrist and notices the gem is gone. He looks 
at the other and that gem is gone too. "Where are my gems?"
	"I couldn't have you run off on me now. So I put them in a safe place." 
Washu says. "Now, what's all this about Kagato?"
	Tabibito sighs. "Before Kagato's attack on Jurai, he created a large, 
powerful gem. It was linked to him psychically. Whenever he learned 
something, the gem would record it. Kagato assumed in time he would have 
absolute power over all. But he didn't necessarily know where he would 
obtain this power, so he exercised his mind controlling powers on others to 
search for it. Since Kagato used a lot of power controlling puppets such as 
Ryoko and myself, he created the gem.  Its purpose was to command those who 
he could not directly. Since it was, in essence, an exact duplicate of his 
mind, it worked quite well. And still does." Tabibito begins to pace. 
"That's why I need to find Ryoko. The gems that she and I possess are 
considered to be part of this 'great power'. Now that I've told you, do you 
think you can give me back my gems?"
	"Well, it wouldn't make much of a difference if you went now, anyway, 
they're coming back tomorrow. And I don't want you ruining their vacation."
	"How long have I been out?" Tabibito looked around for answers.
	"It was the same day they left that he crashed, wasn't it Mihoshi?" Keyone 
asks. Mihoshi nods.
	"How many days is that?"
	Keyone rubs here chin, "3, I think."
	"THREE DAYS!!? THEY ARE GOING TO BE HERE IN 2 DAYS!!!!!" His eyes bug out 
and he starts to breathe heavily.

	Tenchi washes himself in the shower while Ryoko sorts through scattered 
pictures on the bed. There are all sorts of pictures: one of Tenchi and her 
in front of a mountain, one where Tenchi is sitting on the beach looking 
into the water. one where Ryoko is halfway through a wall, one where both of 
them stand on the sidewalk eating ice cream, and many more. She sighs. "It's 
the last night. Oh, Tenchi, I don't want you to ever be away from me. I need 
you near me all the time like we were together these past few days." She 
kisses one of the photos. "But at the same time, I can't wait to get back so 
I can rub this in that little stuck up princess's face! Ha haha!"

	"We don't have time for Ryoko and your friend to come back. You have to let 
me take Ryo Ohki over there and get them now!" He runs frantically 
around.	"Hey, is your ship like Ryo Ohki?" Sasami asks.
	"Yes, in fact, the reason I was shot down was because it looks EXACTLY like 
her in ship mode. Why?"
	"Well, if they want both your and Ryoko's gems, you should leave in your 
spaceship and draw them away from here. Then come back when we're ready to 
fight."
	"You mean, leave with them a couple days on my trail and then try to come 
back here when you guys are ready?" She nods.
	"Yeah, then we'll beat 'em!"
	"That sounds great!" Mihoshi says.
	"It almost sounds plausible. I just hope they don't go straight to Earth 
instead of following me. I'm taking a huge risk by doing this but alright. 
After I put some clothes on, I'm going to go get Mai Ohki's egg from the 
wreckage. Hopefully he will hatch soon enough."
	"Tenchi's room is right up the stairs! Borrow some from him!" Washu smiles 
and stands there. "I am coming too."
	Aeyeka walks around upstairs looking for Tenchi but doesn't find him. She 
had caught bits and pieces of the conversation but did not believe what she 
heard. She runs into her room after hearing Tabibito running up the stairs.


