Intro: Hullo! -blinks- Sorry, I have two aussie
friends... Anyways, here is the next story in my
little series. I will try my damndest to make it
longer and more interesting. =D Well anywho, let’s do
it onna! o_O (women)

Tenchi Muyo: Forever More

        The morning sun rose into the sky of morning. The
light from it began to show the beauties of the hills
of the Okeyama mountains. Colours clashed in one odd
yet wonderful design. Reds mixed with greens while it
mixed with blue from the puddles and lakes that had
formed from the light rain storm from during the
night.
        It was things like this that filled Ryoko with joy in
the morning. She was sitting on the porch just outside
of Tenchi’s and her room. She always watched the sun
come up before she would go to work. It was the best
part of her mornings. It also helped her attitude
some.
        Tenchi stepped out onto the porch to see his fianceé
sitting on the banister. He smiled as he walked up to
her. He leaned up against the banister to the left of
her and looked out to the lake. “It’s almost time to
go.” he told her softly. Ryoko only nodded.
        Since Tenchi had school and Ryoko had work he had
dropped Mayuka off at daycare then dropped Ryoko off
at work. He then drove himself to school where he
would be until 4:00 to 4:30. It always depended on how
his art teacher was doing.
        Ryoko sighed as she looked down to Tenchi. She smiled
then nodded. “We should get going.” she said as she
disappeared. Tenchi then felt slender arms wrap around
his shoulders from behind as she reappeared. She then
rested her chin on his shoulder. Tenchi smiled at her
and nodded.
        She then teleported them to the living room where
Mayuka was watching TV. Mayuka then scooted up and got
onto her knees as she turned to face her parents.
“Morning, mommy, daddy.” she greeted with a smile.
Tenchi could only smile at his daughter. Ryoko also
smiled happily. “Hey there, Munchkin.” she said in a
motherly manner.
        Mayuka giggled at the woman’s greeting. Mayuka was
also known as Munchkin from her mother. She wouldn’t
allow anyone else to call her that. Her father also
had a name for her. He called her his little jewel.
Those were her special names from her parents.
Sometimes though Washu would call her Ducky, just to
be funny.
        “Come on. It’s time to hit the road.” he said
cheerfully. Ryoko then let go of him and walked over
to the coat hanger that was nailed to the wall next to
the door. She grabbed her black leather jacket,
Tenchi’s green polyester jacket and Mayuka’s small
purple leather jacket. She walked back to them and
handed them their jackets.

        “I can’t believe you’re getting married in two
months!” Holly exclaimed. Ryoko finished off her bite
of hamburger and gave her friend a beaming smile. It
was lunch time and Ryoko always ate with her best
friend from work. “I know! I’m so excited yet nervous
at the same time!” Ryoko said.
        Holly was a high school girl that worked as a part
time secretary on Saturday’s and Sunday’s and
sometimes after school. She was a senior at the local
high school in Tokyo. That was where the place they
worked at was located now. The company had moved after
a week when Ryoko began to work there. Although it
seemed off on the edge, it was still a nice location.
        Ryoko slurped some of her drink down and then sighed
with contentment. “Finally, after two years of
waiting.” she continued. She felt her heart speed up
faster as she thought about being married to Tenchi.
It was the most wonderful thing in the world to think
about. She could finally call herself Ryoko Masaki
legally.
        Holly nodded in agreement. She then stopped. An
expression of worry crept onto her face. “Uh,
Ryoko...” Ryoko blinked and looked up at her friend.
“What is it?” she asked in curiosity. Holly then
scratched the back of her neck. “What are Tenchi’s
friends going to do for a bachelor party?” she asked.
        Ryoko never thought about that. She also never
thought about the girls back home throwing a
bacheloret party. She then shrugged and shook her
head. She knew Tenchi’s friends pretty well due to the
fact that they liked to pop up all of a sudden and
throw parties and such.

        “Kiyone! What about this?” Mihoshi shouted from
across the isle. Kiyone and Mihoshi were at a store
tying to buy something for the party they where going
to give for Ryoko. That was still a couple of months
ahead but Kiyone thought it to be wise if she and
Mihoshi got a gift while they still could.
        Kiyone walked over to her idiotic partner and looked
at the item in her hand. “The joys of cooking” the
book said. Kiyone grunted and began to rub her temple
with her right hand. “Mihoshi! You know that Ryoko
doesn’t cook!” she shouted in disgust. Mihoshi blinked
and raised an eyebrow. “Ohhhh, we’re shopping for
Ryoko? I though it was Sasami’s birthday!” said
Mihoshi dumbly.
        Kiyone grabbed Mihoshi by the collar of her shirt and
jolted her around a bit. “You dumbass!” she shouted
out. By now people from other isles near by where
looking at the two GP officers in awe. Kiyone then
stopped as she noticed the onlookers. She laughed
nervously and let the blond go. “Nothing to see here
folks” she said as a sweat drop appeared on her
forehead.

        (Ok, I’m coming into the picture now....) Out in
space a ship was headed to Earth on a steady coarse.
The ship almost looked like the Yagami. But of coarse
that was because the occupant had stolen it from the
Galaxy Police a long time ago. On the side it read,
“If I gave a shit, you would be the first one I’d give
it to” in a bumper sticker like fashion, though it
looked like it was painted onto the ship’s side.
        Inside was a one man, or woman to be precise, crew.
Her name was Lina Hakubi. She was the little sister of
Ryoko, though she nor Washu said anything about it.
That was because they both thought that she had died
from some bounty hunter. But no, she was very much
alive. She had been in the deepest parts of the
uncharted universe. She had become quite the space
pirate in that region of space.
        She had heard about the engagement of the Juraian
Prince and the most
ex-infamous criminal in the known universe on the
news. They had said Ryoko’s name clear as day. She
pondered for a moment of the name of the man her
sister was to marry. Ah yes. Tenchi. Tenchi Masaki.
She just smiled and shook her head. She remembered a
time when Ryoko said that there would be no way she
would marry anyone.
        She sighed as she heard a male computer voice say
that they where only a day away from Earth. “Boy won’t
Mom and Ryoko be surprised..” she said under her
breath. She hadn’t sent word to them in well over 700
years. She didn’t expect more than a “What the hell
are you doing alive?!” statement to come up. She just
chuckled as she thought about it. (Ok, I know, I’m
skipping around but so far so good? o_o)

        Well the day went by and the ship was now in orbit of
the earth. Lina looked at the view screen. The planet
looked beautiful from up above. But would be pretty on
the surface? Probably. She took in a deep breath to
steady herself. “Tetsuya, transport me to the location
of Ryoko Hakubi.” she ordered her ship.
        She soon saw a blur as she was transported to the
front door of the Masaki house. This was the place,
she thought. It was already getting dark out when she
arrived. Probably somewhere around 6 or 7 o’clock. She
brought her right hand up and knocked on the door.
        She waited for a few seconds. She then heard a little
girl shout, “Mom, someone’s at the door!” She blinked
at that. Mom? Was Ryoko already a mother? No time to
ponder at that. “I’ll get it!” she heard another
female voice call.
        Sasami came to the door and opened it up. She smiled
at the woman that was standing on the stoop. She was
in a long blue and black cloak. Underneath was a space
pirate like attire. Short shorts and a white tank top
nicely tucked in. She was also tall and slender. She
had piercing green eyes and she had long straight
black hair. Though her bangs where spiky. “Can I help
you?” Sasami asked as she raised a blue eyebrow at the
woman.
        Lina blinked and nodded. “Um, is this where Ryoko
lives?” she asked in a polite tone. Though she was a
space pirate she was a polite type of person when the
time called for it, in her opinion anyways.
        Sasami nodded then turned to the stair case. “Ryoko,
someone’s here to see you!” she called up. She then
turned back to the visitor. “Come on in.” she said as
she stepped aside. Lina nodded and smiled as she
walked into the house.
        She looked around. It was a nice looking place so
far. She then heard foot steps coming from above. She
looked up just as Ryoko turned the corner and into
view. Ryoko looked down the stairs at the woman down
below. “Lina?” she asked as she slowly made her way
down to the last stair case.
        Lina gave Ryoko a small smile as Sasami closed the
door. “You two know each other?” she asked as she
looked from one woman to the other. Ryoko nodded as
she stepped onto the main floor of the house. “Yeah,
she’s my sister.” Ryoko said in a quiet tone.
        She looked Lina over and shook her head. “But you
died over seven-hundred years ago.” she said as she
poked Lina in the shoulder. Lina chuckled at her older
sister’s reaction. It wasn’t quite what she expected,
but it worked out all the same.
        She shook her head at Ryoko. “I was kinda lost in an
uncharted territory of space.” she said with a cheesy
smile. It was the trade mark smile that Tenchi used
when he got nervous.
        Tenchi then descended the stairs. He looked at Lina
and then to the shocked Ryoko. “Ryoko, who is she?” he
asked in a concerned manner. Sasami just shook her
head and turned away and walked off for the kitchen.
She didn’t understand what was happening either. “Um,
Tenchi, this is my little sister Lina. Lina my
fianceé, Tenchi.” she said still in shock. Tenchi
blinked. Little sister? He had no idea that Ryoko had
a little sister.

        Well after things calmed down, Washu had stepped in
and was practically fuming mad. Hell she WAS fuming
mad. She was upset that Lina had failed to say that
she was alive and well to her mother.
        They also had to explain to everyone who she was and
why they never told anyone about her. “But what I want
to know is how you found me, and how you heard about
my engagement.” Ryoko said impatiently.
        Lina sighed. How would she explain this to them...
“Well, once I DID find my way back to the known
universe I was going to contact you and Mom.” she
started. She took a deep breath and continued. “I
turned on the news for some hopeful updates on what’s
going on in today‘s society. The Juraian empire was
either just announcing it or was bragging about it or
something. But they said that Tenchi was going to
marry you. They said you where here on Earth and so I
laid a coarse in for Earth and here I am now. Of
course that was a year ago when I heard about it.” she
added.
        Ryoko just looked at her sister. “Well. You made it
just in time then. The wedding is in two months.” she
said as she stretched out. She seemed very calm about
the fact that her missing sister just all of a sudden
turned up.
        Tenchi looked to Ryoko. He could see small traces of
tears in her eyes though. Whether they where sad ones
or happy ones was uncertain. He got up from the couch
and smiled. “Well, I think I’ll leave you two alone so
you can catch up on things. It sounds like you have
allot of catching up to do.” he said as he picked
Mayuka up. He then motioned for everyone else to leave
as well.
        Once they did leave Lina smiled some. “So, is the kid
yours?” she asked. Ryoko chuckled. “Well, not
exactly.” she answered. It was a long story and she
didn’t know how to put in a short version. She sat
there and pondered at what to say. “Um.... Was the
un-known part of the universe at war from Tokimi a
couple years ago?” Ryoko finally asked.
        Lina looked away and nodded. Something must of
started memories from it up. Ryoko was getting a bit
concerned now. “I lost some good friends in that war.”
she said quietly. Ryoko then bowed her head. She knew
what that felt like. “I’m sorry.” That was all she
could think of saying to her sister. “Well, I got
revenge on Tokimi for you.” she said with a slight
smile. Lina looked back to Ryoko and blinked. “You
killed Tokimi?!” she demanded.
        She knew that Ryoko was strong but not THAT strong.
She couldn’t help but want to know how that happened.
Was it possible that Ryoko was able to raise her power
beyond her intended point? “How did you do that?” she
asked in curiosity. Ryoko just chuckled some.
        How was she going to explain that? She didn’t know if
Lina knew about the light wings or not. She sighed.
‘This is going to be a long night.’ she thought to
herself.

        It was later into the night now. Maybe about a
quarter to twelve. Ryoko and Tenchi where lying in
bed. There were clothes scattered around each side of
the bed. (Gee, I wonder what happened..... o_o) The
sheets where pulled up to Ryoko’s shoulders. She was
lying on Tenchi’s right side. Her right hand rested
gently on his chest and her head rested on his
shoulder. They where both wide awake but had fallen
silent after there..... “activity”...
        Tenchi had his arm wrapped around Ryoko’s back. He
was gently rubbing his thumb on it. “Tenchi, how
should we situate Lina here?” Ryoko finally asked,
breaking the silence. He lightly shrugged as he
shifted his view to Ryoko. “I guess we can have dad
make a new room for her.” he answered.
        Ryoko sighed and scooted up to Tenchi a bit closer.
That sounded like a good idea. She then smiled and
said, “I made her one of my bride’s maids.” Tenchi
smile grew a bit. It was good to hear that Ryoko and
Lina had instantly started where they left off. He
knew that things would run smoothly with the new
person in the house.
        “She might seem like the rough and tough type but she
really is a sweetie.” Ryoko told Tenchi. He nodded. He
got the picture from earlier. She had volunteered to
help clean the dishes with Sasami. That actually
surprised him. He figured that she would be like Washu
and Ryoko, wild yet fun to be with.
        Then he heard Ryoko chuckle. “But don’t get her
pissed. She will blow everything up within a hundred
mile radius.” she said while she continued to laugh.
Tenchi chuckled a bit at that too. Maybe she was like
her mother in some ways. She and Washu did spurt off
into a scientific conversation before he and Ryoko
went off into their room.

        Lina lied on the couch. She yawned silently as she
stared up at the ceiling. She had only been here for a
few hours yet she already felt like it was home. It
was probably the friendliness off the occupants.
Tenchi did seem like a good enough man for Ryoko. As
she watched them earlier that night they could hardly
keep their hands AND lips off of each other.
        She had to admit though, they were a cute couple.
They had both mentioned something about Princess Ayeka
coming to Earth in two weeks for the wedding.
Something about Ayeka wanting to come home early so
she could spend time with her younger sister Sasami.
          She knew that she was going to love it here. She
remembered some of the things that Ryoko had told her.
Like how she met Tenchi and all the others. She even
remembered all the adventures Ryoko has gone through
over the past five years or so. It had been quite the
thrilling life she was leading.
        Lina just wished that she could have been there for
all that. It sounded like fun to her. All accept when
Ryoko mentioned when she got captured in that war two
years ago. She couldn’t believe that those people
where able to beat Ryoko so bad. Lina could also tell
that Ryoko was hiding something. Something that
happened in that time of captivity. But she never said
what it was. Lina could just see it in her eyes.
        Lina rolled over onto her left side and sighed. She
yawned again and closed her eyes. She was getting
tired and she thought that it might have been time to
turn in for the night. So she began to drift off into
sleep. Where she would most likely relive some events
in her life. That was what she usually dreamed about.
What ever that happened to her through out her long
life. She wasn’t that much younger than Ryoko. Maybe
about five years younger. That would place her at
about 4,995. Ryoko was 5,000 years old. “Damn, I’m
old.” she mumbled before she finally fell asleep.

        It was morning now. Lina was waking up to the smell
of bacon and eggs. She opened her eyes and yawned. She
blinked a few times then sat up. She rubbed her eyes
gently to get the sleep out of them. “Morning, sis.”
she heard Ryoko say.
        She looked over to the other end of the couch where
Ryoko was seated. Once again Lina yawned. Ryoko
chuckled. “Get any sleep last night?” she asked in
sarcasm. Lina just stuck her tongue out at her.
        They both heard Tenchi make his down the stairs.
“Thank god it’s Sunday..” he said as he stretched out.
He finally walked up to the couch. “Morning.” he said
as he leaned down to kiss Ryoko. Lina sighed and
rolled her eyes. “Get a room.” she said as she got
herself off the couch.
        She was in a similar pajama wear as Kiyone’s. She had
on a blue pair of spandex shorts. They were short too.
If she laid her hand down at her sides straightly the
would have been about half an inch under her fingers.
She had a blue tank top to top it off. When she
stretched part of her stomach would show.
        She then made her way to Washu’s lab entrance. “Where
are you going?” Ryoko asked. Lina looked back to her
sister and soon to be brother-in-law who was now
sitting beside her. “Mom wanted to talk to me this
morning.” she replied with another yawn.
Sasami then popped out of the kitchen. “Well,
breakfast should be done soon. Could you tell Washu?”
she asked politely. Lina nodded and proceeded to
venture into the depths of the unknown. (Washu’s Lab,
another words.)


        Washu heard a beeping noise suddenly. She turned to
see a small screen pop up. Someone had entered her bio
lab. ‘Must be Lina.’ she thought to herself. She
snapped her fingers and a door appeared at about two
feet in front of her. She walked up to it and opened
it up. Once on the other side she spotted her youngest
daughter looking around the place.
        She smiled at her daughter. She hadn’t changed one
little bit since she last saw her. “Lina, over here.”
Washu called out. She then saw the girl turn and wave
at her. Lina then made her way towards Washu.
        She was smiling cheerfully at her mother. “So, what
is it that you wanted to talk about with me?” she
asked politely. Well at least one of her kids grew up
with some manners. The thing was, she hadn’t been
around for Lina either to teach these things. She must
have taught herself things all these years. That might
have been the case. Either that or Lina had another
woman as a mother figure or a man for a father figure.
Either way her daughter grew up all the same.
        Washu smiled at her daughter. “Well, I wanted to know
what you have been up to for the past seven-hundred
years.” she said with a sly grin on her face. She just
wanted to know what her daughter was like these days.
What she liked, if she had a boyfriend of her own.
Even her favourite colour.
        She heard Lina sigh as her expression twisted up into
that of concentration. “Well, we all know what
happened a couple of years ago... That damned war..”
she said as she continued to think.
        Washu stopped her abruptly. She knew that Lina must
have gone through that. “What all happened to you in
that war?” she asked, more serious now. She wanted to
know if Lina had made it out of there alright.
Mentally anyways. She saw the physical appearance of a
criss-cross type scar on her right cheek. Must have
been a battle wound from the war she guessed.
        Lina got serious herself as she rubbed her hand on
her scar. “Well... I lost quite a few friends in it.”
she said, her voice sounding sad. She didn’t care to
remember the war. What she didn’t know was that her
older sister went through something similar and in
some ways, things were worse for Ryoko.

        Well two weeks had passed by. Lina had noticed that
Ryoko and Tenchi where very much in love with each
other. In some ways Lina was a bit jealous about it.
But she soon got over it. She wasn’t the type of girl
that liked to dwell on things. She was actually
enjoying herself at the house. It was like she finally
found where she truly belonged. It was a friendly
atmosphere where people of all ages and type lived
under one rough. They all seemed to have gotten along
well too.
        Ayeka had arrived the day before too. She also had
the same reaction as the others when they found out
that she was the little sister of Ryoko. But Ayeka
didn’t like the idea of another girl living in the
house. Ayeka seemed like the bossy type to Lina. She
was strict and seemed snooty. She could tell from the
very get go that she wasn’t going to like the older
princess.
        Lina was sitting outside on the dock. She was
relaxing in the afternoon sun. She loved the
surrounding area the house was in. It was so beautiful
and peaceful. Her feet swayed in the coolness of the
water below her. She was wearing her shorts and white
tank top that she wore when she had arrived at the
house.
        Of course she had other clothes but she really loved
that outfit for some reason. She guessed that it was
because it was the newest clothing in her possession.
She always liked to obsess with new things for a while
before she got tired of it. (Oh no! I’m digging a hole
again! u_u)
        “Lina! Dinner!” she heard Sasami shout from the
house. She sighed and slowly got to her feet. She then
picked up her sandals and walked back for the house.
She did enjoy Sasami’s home cooking. But it was just
how much Sasami would make. She would usually have
tons of left overs and everyone would usually eat it
for lunch. All well. Nothing ventured, nothing
gained.... Right?

        A whole month went by now. Everyone had gone back to
normal routine, it was like Lina never showed up a
month ago. But instead like she had been living there
for years. Everyone had treated everyone with such
respect.
        Tenchi was standing in front of a mirror in his room.
He was looking himself over, trying to decide if he
needed a shave or not. He had just gotten out of the
onsen no more than fifteen minutes ago. The only thing
he had thrown on so far was a pair of jeans. He rubbed
his chin with his right hand.
        He then felt strong yet gentle arms wrap around him
from behind. Ryoko then appeared and Tenchi smiled.
Ryoko rested her chin on his left shoulder sweetly.
“Do you think I need a shave?” he asked her. She
smiled at him. She then rubbed his chin with her left
hand. “Yep.” she replied with a giggle.
        Tenchi raised an eyebrow. He had been so busy with
studying for finals that he hadn’t even got a hair
cut. It was getting long and the only one to complain
about it was Ayeka. “What about my hair?” he then
questioned. He didn’t mind his hair getting long.
Actually it felt nice in some ways.
        Ryoko shrugged. She didn’t care if he continued to
grow it or chop it off. Either way it worked for her.
She actually found it hot on Tenchi. She could just
imagine what he would look like with long hair. She
practically drooled at the thought. “Grow it out
long.” she said.
        He then felt Ryoko kiss him on the neck. He just
smiled. He figured she would say that. Actually she
had asked him a couple of times to grow his hair out
long. Maybe he should try it out. He already liked how
it was looking. It was getting straighter too.
        Just then Tenchi felt chills down his back as Ryoko
kissed his right shoulder. He turned around to face
her. He looked down into her loving golden eyes. There
was always a certain light that filled them. He placed
his hand under her chin. “I love you.” he said to her.
She blushed slightly but in return gave him a soft
kiss.
        They both still couldn’t believe that they were to be
married in one month. It was an exciting thing for
them both. It was a brand new adventure. After they
were married they could say they have done and seen
everything and it would be the truth. They’ve been
through battles, war, friendship and hardship. They
were meant for each other and that was clear now.

        Kiyone was standing in line at the Okeyama Police
Department. She had gotten the most brilliant idea of
the century. “I should have done this a long time
ago!” she said in an excited manner. She was going to
sign herself and Mihoshi up for the Police Academy and
get them to graduate. Then they could handle one job
and get good pay!
        “Next!” she heard a male voice say. This was it. She
was going to do this. She walked up to the officer at
the front desk. “How can I help you?” he asked as he
looked Kiyone over. She was wearing a navy blue skirt
red high heels with a white collared blouse. Kiyone
couldn’t help but look the man over too.
        He was tall and built, muscle wise. He had dark blond
hair, it was a crew cut. He had piercing brown eyes.
His features looked kind and gentle, yet tough at the
same time. Kiyone blinked then blushed a bit. “Um, can
I get two forms for the police academy?” she asked.
        He too seemed red in the cheeks. He nodded then
opened a drawer. He went digging around. He then
brought out two forms and smiled. “Here you are ma’am.
You can fill them out and bring them back whenever you
want.” he said kindly. He then scratched his head and
got a bit nervous. “Um, I know this might be forward
but... Would you like to go have coffee with me
sometime?”
        Kiyone blinked and turned very red. He was right, it
did seem forward but in a way Kiyone was glad that he
had asked her to have coffee with him. “I don’t even
know your name..” she said quietly. He stumbled around
a bit. He seemed to have forgotten his name tag or
something. “Oh yeah.. How silly of me. I’m Renhou, but
my friends call me Ren.” he said sheepishly. “What’s
your name?” he then asked. “I’m Kiyone.” she said with
a slight smile. It was sheepish yet nervous at that.
        She then thought about his offer. Hell if he tried
something bad she could kick his ass easily. She then
nodded. “Sure, when do you want to do that?” she asked
politely. He then rubbed his chin in thought. “Well, I
get off here at 5:30. Maybe we can go then.” Kiyone
nodded. She could do that. It was 5:00 now. She could
just hang around town till then. She told him that she
would meet him at the station and they said their
goodbyes and she left.

        “Miss Ryoko, someone is here to see you.” Ryoko
turned her head away from the computer and smiled.
“Thanks Holly. Tell them I’ll be right out.” Ryoko
said. Holly nodded and turned away from her office.
        Ryoko had been working on a new cell phone design for
her boss. It was considered an important project for
the company and so Ryoko was doing the best she could
for it. She saved the changes on her computer and then
logged off. She stood from her chair and turned to the
door. She then walked out to the main office. She
spotted Kiyone sitting in a chair by the secretaries
desk.
        Kiyone looked over to Ryoko and blinked. Ryoko was
dressed in a tan dress with a darker tan colour
trimming the last inch or so of the dress. The dress
was a one piece that ended at her knees. It had an
over jacket like deal. It was a long sleeve the ended
just two inches above her dress.
        “Hey Kiyone. What are you doing here?” Ryoko asked
with a smile. Kiyone got to her feet and smiled back.
Kiyone wondered whether she should tell Ryoko about
her date or not. She decided to just start off simple.
“Well, I was in town and I thought I would stop by.”
she explained.
        There. That was simple enough. Ryoko just nodded at
the teal haired woman. “So how is your sister?” Kiyone
then asked. Ryoko chuckled and shook her. “Well, she’s
fitting in, to say the least. Though she’s always in
Washu’s lab doing experiments of her own.”
        Kiyone blinked. She never knew that Lina took
interest in science. Well actually she didn’t know
much about Lina period. She was this mystery to be
unfolded in Kiyone’s eye. She then raised an eyebrow.
“Well, actually I was here to say I got a date at 5:30
and I need to pass the time.” Kiyone finally said.
        Ryoko then began to chuckle to herself. She never
thought that she would here those words in the same
sentence. Especially from Kiyone. She knew Kiyone as
nothing more than some chick that was obsessed with
her job and nothing more, nothing less. “That’s new.”
Ryoko commented.
        She then looked at the clock. It read five-fifteen.
Well if Kiyone wanted to catch her date she needed to
get going. “Well, I say this was a waist of gas.”
Ryoko said in a joking manner. Kiyone looked at the
clock. She couldn’t help but laugh. Ryoko was right.
She needed to get going before Ren would think she
stood him up.
        Ryoko poked Kiyone in the shoulder. Kiyone turned to
the space pirate and blinked. “Could you drop me off
at the bus stop? It’s time for me to get home now
anyways.” she said with a smile. Kiyone nodded at her
friend. “Great! You’re a life saver.” Ryoko said as
she went back to her office. She grabbed her purse
then came back out. They both left the office after
Ryoko said her goodbyes to Holly.
        Kiyone lead Ryoko to her 1992 Buick. It was a dark
blue colour. Perhaps it could have been considered
navy blue. Kiyone unlocked her door then tossed the
keys over the roof to Ryoko. Ryoko caught them then
fiddled around until she got the door unlocked. She
then piled into the car and soon after they where
pulling out of the parking lot.

        It was 5:40 now and Kiyone was following Ren to a
coffee joint in her car. Soon she saw Ren pull into a
parking lot of a small restaurant looking place called
“Yuko’s Coffee Café”. She pulled into the parking lot
behind him. They both then parked and turned their
cars off. Kiyone opened the door and stepped out into
the fresh air.
        “Well, this is the place.” she heard Ren say. She saw
a kind and gentle smile on his face. She could swear
he was like the sweet and care-free type. But he also
seemed like the serious type if the time called for
it.
        She followed him into the coffee joint. Once inside
the decorations where like they had went back in time.
Everything looked like it came from the early or late
60’s. Well that’s what Kiyone thought was the year
when this planet decorated their life like. Still, it
was a nice place to go and relax in.
        Ren lead her to the booth like seats at the counter.
He held a hand out for her to support herself as she
sat down. She smiled and thanked him as she took the
help. He nodded in turn and sat down beside her.
        Then a beefy looking woman came up to the counter, a
small notebook like thing they used to put peoples
orders on in hand. “Renny’s got a date?” she said with
a smile. She meant it as a joke and a term of
friendship. Ren blushed some. “Oh come on, Shinta.”
Shinta turned to Kiyone. “Renny is a nice guy, you’ll
love him.” she said with a warm smile.
        Kiyone smiled but had a small hint of redness in her
cheeks. She was a bit nervous at this. She hadn’t been
on a date in a long time. Actually this wasn’t really
a date, was it? No way, they had just met for one. And
another they didn’t know each other well. That was the
whole point of getting together.

        It was getting later into the evening now. Ren and
Kiyone had already become good friends. They had told
each other of funny moments in their life and even
some of the most embarrassing. They seemed to have
been getting along very well with each other.
        This was the most perfect evening Kiyone had ever
had. It was so care-free and Mihoshi free. No one
could possibly screw this up. Not now. She was having
to much fun with this man she had only met a few hours
earlier in the day.
        “So your room mate is THAT stupid?” Ren laughed.
Kiyone too chuckled. “She can get even worse.” she
commented as  she watched Ren laugh. He seemed to have
found Kiyone’s partner nothing more than a comedy
routine. That was probably  true too. Mihoshi was
nothing more than the comedy release for everyone
except the Tenchi gang.
        Kiyone looked up at the clock. 7:15 it said. Kiyone
exhaled loudly. “Speaking of the idiot...” she paused.
“I better get home before she does something idiotic
and call the police.” Kiyone joked. Ren chuckled at
her comment. Kiyone got to her feet and grabbed her
purse. Ren left the money they owed on the counter for
Shinta and followed Kiyone.
        Once they reached her car she unlocked the door.
“Well, I had a blast. Thanks for the fun evening.”
Kiyone said with a smile. Ren nodded and gave her the
same smile. He opened the door for her and she tossed
her purse onto the passenger seat.
        She turned to face the man. She could swear she had
fallen in love with him. What she didn’t know was that
he was feeling the same way. They sat there for a
moment not saying a word. They just simply stared at
each other.
        Kiyone then got a bit red and then cleared her
throught. They both snapped out of it and chuckled.
“Well, thanks again for the fun evening.” she said as
she got into the car. “No prob.” She put the key into
the ignition. “See you later.” He nodded then closed
the door for her. She buckled herself in and started
the car. She gave him another smile then back out of
the parking lot. She saw him wave and waved back. She
then pulled out onto the road and headed for home.

        Kiyone pulled into the “drive way” of the apartment
building. She shook her head. It was just as she
thought, Mihoshi would be standing in front of the
spot Kiyone usually parked her car. She chuckled as
she imagined the blond saying, “Kiyone, where have you
been? I was so worried!”.
        As soon as she turned her car off she opened the
door. Mihoshi immediately ran to the drivers side of
the car as her teal haired partner got out. “Kiyone,
where have you been? I was so worried!” she said in
her high pitched tone. Kiyone only laughed silently.
She was right yet again.
        Kiyone sighed. She locked the car door and closed it.
“Don’t worry about me. I was out having coffee with
someone.” she said calmly. She then yawned as she made
her way to the apartment. Mihoshi was following her
like she was some lost puppy looking for food. She
wanted to know what all happened to her partner.

        “Geez! You are the best cook ever Sasami!” Lina
exclaimed as she downed her fourth serving. Everyone
at the table watched in amazement. This kid had eaten
four helpings of food all by herself in less than ten
minutes.
        Ryoko couldn’t believe what her sister was doing. She
had never seen her eat like that before. Sasami must
of cooked something extremely good in Lina’s opinion.
That was the conclusion anyway. Lina had never eaten
like that since she moved into their house. “Not
enjoying that are you?” Washu asked with a smirk. Lina
looked up at her mother. Her cheeks where all puffed
out from all the food the girl had stuffed into her
mouth. “Eh memy.....” she stopped once she noticed
that she couldn’t talk with all that food in her
mouth. Everyone had to laugh at that.
        Ryoko shook her head. Her sister really was innocent
at heart. She was definitely no normal space pirate
that was for sure. Sure Lina had what it took to be
one. She was strong, had the greed for money, didn’t
take any crap from anyone and good looking too. Well
that was Ryoko’s definition for a space pirate. She
was pretty sure Lina would agree full heartedly. Ryoko
scooted up to Tenchi and rested her head on his
shoulder. He put his arm around her waist in turn. She
let out a sigh as she watched her kid sister eat and
talk with all the others. She was sure fitting in with
them.

        Well the month went by way to slowly for everyone.
The wedding was in three days now. The date May 15th
kept on creeping into Ryoko and Tenchi’s heads. That
was the day they where to be married. It was going to
be a beautiful wedding at that. They were going to
meet at the shrine up on the hill. There they would
find friends and family. Tenchi’s family mostly since
the only blood related family Ryoko had was her sister
and mother. That was all the space pirate needed.
Ryoko could picture it in her mind, a tall white arch
at the end of the path where Tenchi and herself would
stand while Yosho performed the traditional ceremony.
There would be white roses winding themselves around
the alter too. There would be a red runway like carpet
that would stretch from the top of the stairs and to
the alter. She could just hear the wild birds chirping
in their natural habitat while the whole thing went
on.
        She couldn’t believe it was all going to happen
either. It had been a dream of hers since she first
really got to know Tenchi. Of coarse her sister had to
keep reminding her of how she once said that she was
going to be single for forever and ever. But that was
a long time ago when she said that. She had to explain
that it was before she knew that she would one day
fall in love for a kind and loving man. Tenchi meant
the world to her.
        “Mommy?” came Ryoko’s daughter’s voice. She smiled
and turned towards the kitchen door where she was
standing. She saw the little girl’s face light up as
she made a B line for the chair Ryoko was sitting in.
The girl hopped up and into her mother’s lap. “Where
is daddy?” she asked in her curious manner. Ryoko
smiled. “Well, Munchkin, Daddy is doing some tests at
his school.” she answered. Mayuka looked a little
disappointed after she heard Ryoko’s explanation. “Oh,
I wanted to go to the park.” Mayuka said in a pouty
sort of tone.
        Ryoko sat there thinking of what she should do. She
glimpsed at the clock. It would still be at least
another three hours before Tenchi would come home. She
then smiled and looked down at Mayuka who was busy
fiddling with a string on her dress.
“Tell you what. Get me today’s paper and we can see a
movie.” Ryoko said, trying to cheer the girl up.
Mayuka’s face then brightened up as she gave her
mother the biggest smile Ryoko had ever seen. She
immediately hopped off of her lap and ran over to the
coffee table in the center of the living room. She
grabbed the paper and then went back to her mother,
who helped her back into her lap. Ryoko read off the
choices of movies to the girl.

        They where soon at the theater in Okeyamma. Mayuka
had chosen to go see a movie called Digimon the First
Movie. Mayuka had a very big interest in those kind of
films. Ryoko didn’t mind to watch them herself. They
seemed like fun shows for the kids and in a way they
seemed to have taught them some strategy of sorts for
life.
        Ryoko paid their way in and Mayuka rushed over to an
arcade game. Tekken 4 it read in big gold lettering.
Ryoko smiled as she went over to join her daughter.
“Mommy, will you give me a boost?” Mayuka asked
sweetly. Ryoko looked around and found an empty chair
over by the bench. She walked over and grabbed it,
bringing it back for Mayuka to stand on. Ryoko popped
two coins in and allowed her to play it.
        While Mayuka was enjoying herself at the game Ryoko
walked over to the concession stand. A lady greeted
her with a smile. “How can I help you?” she asked
politely. Ryoko smiled back and asked for a large
popcorn, buttered and two king-sized Recees. As the
lady went to work getting the order Ryoko turned
around to watch Mayuka. It seemed like Mayuka was yet
again defeating a game. She had some company though as
a little boy, perhaps her age, joined her and began to
get the worse ass-whooping of his life, virtually
anyways. The woman summoned up the total as she handed
Ryoko the stuff she asked for. Ryoko paid and then
walked over to her daughter, food in hand.
        “You almost done?” she asked as she looked at the boy
next to her. He looked frustrated at the fact that he
was losing. Mayuka only nodded as she did a finishing
move, virtually killing her enemy. She then smiled and
turned to the boy. She bowed at him in a karate
fashion then turned towards her mother. She had a
large satisfied smile as she hopped off the chair.
Ryoko looked at the kid who looked like he was about
to cry. “Don’t worry kid. I can’t even beet her at
games.” Ryoko said as she turned away and walked off
after her daughter. The kid blinked right before he
bursted out into tears.

        Tenchi looked up to the clock. He really hated
finals. He had been done with his for a half an hour
and there was still at least twenty more minutes
before this class ended. He would legally graduate in
a day, that was if he passed his finals. He was
anxious to get home though. He just wanted to relax
and spend some time with his fianceé and daughter.
        He exhaled loudly, puffing out his cheeks as he
looked back down at his drawing that he was doing. By
accident he was drawing Ryoko, Mayuka and himself.
They where having fun playing on a swing set in a
park. Ryoko and Mayuka had large smiles their faces.
With his hectic schedule of finals and such he was
hardly able to spend anytime with his family. Right at
about this point he was longing to be with them.
        Though he spent most of his time in the library Ryoko
came along and brought Mayuka with her. She had heard
about some little kids program for reading and such
and thought that Mayuka would have fun getting to know
kids her age. Ryoko was mainly there to keep Tenchi
company. The other reason was to catch up on reading.
Since the war she had loved to read those huge
classical novels.
        He frowned as he thought about the rest of the
family. Sasami herself was getting swamped with school
work and Ayeka had to run home because her father fell
ill. She had promised that she would try to come home
for the wedding, but she wasn’t sure that it would
happen. He hoped that she would be able to make it for
the wedding. It just wouldn’t seem right to marry the
one he loved with out everyone present.
        He then felt someone poke him in the shoulder. He
turned to see his larger friend smiling at him in a
goofy manner. He then handed Tenchi a note. Tenchi
blinked as he took it from his friend. Tenchi unfolded
the piece of paper and began to read it.

        Tenchi,
        Hey buddy! I just wanted to say thanks for inviting
me to your wedding. But uh, I would be careful with
that woman of yours! She seems like the bossy type! No
I’m just giving you shit. Congratulate your fianceé
for me. Oh and tell her I said sorry for coming over
uninvited all those times. I promise to call before I
come over.
        Nagashi

        Tenchi shook his head at the note. He looked over to
his friend and nodded then mouthed, “I’ll tell her.”
to him. His friend nodded back, smile on his face. He
then went back to doing what he was supposed to be
doing. Tenchi looked down at his drawing and smiled at
it. He then went on to correct some mistakes and such,
just to keep himself busy.

        People where pilling out of the theater now. The
movie was over and everyone went on their way doing
what ever they did. Mayuka was hopping around
excitedly and talking about what parts of the movie
she liked and who her favorite Digimon was. Ryoko of
coarse was talking back to her as a mother should.
Perhaps she was acting more than the mother but a
friend to the little girl.
        They were soon in the living room via teleportation.
Mayuka ran up to Sasami and started to jab her ear off
about the movie. Ryoko watched as she seated herself
on the couch. She looked over to the clock for a few
seconds. It would still be an hour and a half before
Tenchi would be home.
        She sighed as she looked back to Mayuka. She was
still with Sasami at the dining table. Ryo-ohki had
come along to play with the little girl. Mayuka then
said she wanted to go outside. “As long as Sasami is
with you.” Ryoko told her. Sasami nodded then got up.
She took the little girl by the hand and took her
outside with Ryo-ohki trailing along behind them.
        Ryoko smiled as she heard Mayuka ask Sasami and
Ryo-ohki to play Digimon with her as they exited out
of the living room. Ryoko then yawned a bit and
stretched. She blinked and had no idea where that had
come from. She shrugged it off and leaned forward to
the coffee table. She picked up a book called “The
Hobbit”. She found it among the other books that
Tenchi owned. So far it was a good story, in Ryoko’s
opinion. (I know it might sound as if I’m getting into
to Tolkien thing with other people but..... Ryoko
really read it about two and a half years ago.... Yes,
I have been having these on-going dreams for that long
-_-) About the only times she had sat it down was to
eat, go to bed and goof around with her family.
        She sighed. She wanted to be with Tenchi really bad.
She hadn’t had much time with him lately. She would be
glad when he finally got out of college. He could be
home with her and Mayuka, and the others also. Lina
came down the stairs from her room just then. She went
into the kitchen and disappeared from view as the door
closed behind her. Ryoko smiled. She knew that Washu
had approved of her marriage with Tenchi. But for a
while she didn’t know if Lina was happy with the idea.
But the day before she had said that she would also
give them blessings and that made Ryoko happy.
        As she continued to read the story she heard Lina
walk out of the kitchen. She turned slightly to look
at her kid sister. In Lina’s hands was a huge plate.
Piled on that plate was chicken galore. Ryoko blinked
then raised an eyebrow. Ever since Lina had discovered
chicken she had been totally obsessed with it. She
claimed that it was the best food of them all. She
shook her head and turned back to her reading.
        Unlike Ryoko, Lina didn’t have the gems. She still
shared the same powers as her sister did though. So
since Lina had no gems she had to eat and drink. Lina
had no problem with eating things. In fact you could
say eating was one of her favorite things to do. That
and sleep. But no matter how much she ate she would
never gain a pound. She was like Ryoko in that sense.
Always eating never gaining weight. Lina walked up the
stair case and vanished from the prying eyes of Ryoko.
        Ryoko sighed some and went back to reading her book.
Things seemed to be getting a bit boring for the
ex-space pirate at the moment. Mostly because there
was nothing to do.. It was probably about time to
start her cooking lessons with Sasami soon.
        Yes, Ryoko was learning to cook and she was becoming
better at it all the time. All she really needed was
someone to point out certain things, give her tips and
show her how to use different items and she would be
ok. (-tires to climb out of her hole- Eep!)

        Well the next day had rolled by and Tenchi was up in
his room getting ready for his graduation. He was so
excited about the whole thing. He would graduate with
honors and go on to work part time at the shrine with
his grandfather. The rest of his time he would be busy
trying to find a way to become a cartoonist. Well not
really a cartoonist but an animator for what people
like to call animé or the “proper” term, japanimation.
He did love to draw and he was well enough to work as
an animator.
        Tenchi heard a knock at the door and straitened out
his shirt. His garments for the graduating was at the
school along with many other students’ clothing. “Come
in” he said as he turned to the door. The door slid
open as Ryoko appeared standing in the doorway. “We’re
all ready when you are.” she informed Tenchi.
        He smiled at her and nodded. She then walked into the
room and approached Tenchi. Once she was in front of
him she wrapped her arms around him and sighed. He
blinked as he looked down at her. He then rested his
hand on her waist and kissed her on the forehead.
“Let’s get going.” he said quietly as he felt her
slowly release him from her embrace.

        The ceremonies for the graduations had started about
twenty minutes ago and the whole family was sitting
there watching the people go up to the podium one by
one. On the way to the school Ryoko, Tenchi and Sasami
had to explain to Lina was the significant of these
graduations were on Earth.
        She finally got the picture and finally wished Tenchi
luck. Now the family were all waiting anxiously to
hear his name to be called out. Finally after waiting
he was called up and the family along with some of
Tenchi’s friends all cheered for him. There was faint
sign of Tenchi turned red as Ryoko shouted out
something embarrassing.
        After being handed his certificate and being
congratulated by the teacher, Tenchi stepped off of
the podium where his friends gave him a group hug and
a few hand shakings. He looked up to see his family
all waving at him and he saw Ryoko blow a kiss to him.
He blew a kiss back and winked to them all.

        After the whole thing ended Tenchi was in a lobby
with a couple of his friends waiting for his family to
find him. “So Tenchi, you and your girlfriend going to
come to the party tonight?” Nagashi asked him. Tenchi
sat there and thought about it for a bit. He then
shook his head. “Nah, I want to stay home and spend
some time with Ryoko, my daughter and the others.” he
answered as he heard his name being called.
                He turned around to see Ryoko, with Mayuka in her
arm, both waving and smiling at him. He waved back as
they both made there way through the crowed of the now
graduated students. Once they reached him they gave a
bear hug.
        Nagashi said his hellos to both the girls and Ryoko
just smiled as she leaned up against Tenchi, still
holding Mayuka in her arm. Tenchi put his arm around
Ryoko as Nagashi began to try to talk Tenchi into
coming to the party. “Oh come on, buddy! It’s only a
one in a lifetime opportunity!” he said with a hint of
plead in his voice. Tenchi shook his head as Ryoko got
a bit confused. She obviously missed something. “No,
Nagashi. I want to go home to be with my family.”
Tenchi protested.
        Ryoko tapped Tenchi on the nose and he looked over to
her. “What is he yapping about now?” she questioned
with her cute puppy dog eyes. He smiled down at her as
his daughter began to play with the daggling thing on
his hat. “There’s a graduation party going on tonight
and Nagashi wants me to go.” he said as he saw Ryoko
gently take the hat from Mayuka. The little girl began
to fuss as Ryoko placed the hat back on Tenchi’s head.
        Ryoko knew about the kind of parties college people
threw. Wild, noisy and had lots of beer and other
alcoholic beverages like that. Usually she would like
those parties but she needed to be responsible for her
daughter’s sake. “He isn’t going.” she said firmly to
Nagashi as she grabbed Tenchi’s sleeve. She began to
drag him off to the other end where Sasami and the
others were waiting for them.

        Well the days went by and the wedding was now only an
hour away. Ayeka in fact did return as she said she
would try do. She had brought relieving news to her
sister that Azusa would indeed be fine. He was to show
up with his two wives soon too. Ryoko sat in her old
room that belonged to Sasami now (Or since after the
war ended). She was trying her damndest to try to put
on some blush and lipstick but just couldn’t stop
shaking for a second to do so. She was getting annoyed
with it too.
        She heard a knock at the door and turned to face it
as she sighed with some relief from having to shake
around with the makeup. “Who is it?” she asked as she
went back to looking at herself in the mirror. “It’s
me... Lina.” came her sister’s voice on the other side
of the door.
        Ryoko smiled and turned back to the door. “Well don’t
just sit out there. Get your ass in here and help me
with my makeup!” she said in a joking manner. The door
opened up and Lina came in chuckling. “God you are so
pathetic!” Lina replied and she nudged Ryoko’s arm
teasingly. Ryoko raised an eyebrow and stuck her
tongue out at Lina.
        She then turned to face the mirror for a second then
smiled. “You DO know how to put on makeup, right?” she
question, only half serious. Lina picked up the
lipstick and smiled. “How stupid do you think I am?”
Lina asked as she turned the chair around so Ryoko was
facing her.
        Ryoko just shrugged. She knew that Lina was a great
deal smarter than an average person. She must of got
it from Washu, Ryoko thought to herself. She then felt
Lina gently apply the lipstick. Then Lina went to work
with the rest of the makeup, being ever so careful and
a bit professionally at that.
        Ryoko then was turned back to the mirror. She looked
herself over and found that Lina had done an exquisite
job. Ryoko smiled widely and rather broadly. She
couldn’t believe how well her sister did with the
makeup. “Hey thanks!” Ryoko said happily. She felt
that she couldn’t have done a better job.
        Lina just smiled as she placed her hands on her hips.
“No prob.” As Ryoko continued to look herself over
Lina moved her bangs to the side and sighed. “God...
It seems like only yesterday you said you would never
marry.” she said with a small smile.
        Ryoko got a bit disgusted and turned to face her kid
sister. “Not THAT speech again!” Lina couldn’t help
but chuckle. She wasn’t going to give Ryoko THAT
speech..... again.... (-blinks-) Instead Lina shook
her head. “No, I was just gonna say that I’m happy
that you changed your mind.” she said as she began to
walk over to Ryoko’s wedding kamono. “You don’t know
what it’s like being alone for seven hundred years...
It’s like not even living.” she said a bit saddened.
        Her first REAL friends hadn’t come along till the war
only to be killed by Tokimi herself. She saw the look
on Ryoko’s face. It was pretty much unreadable. She
then smiled some and said, “Well you aren’t alone
anymore.”

        The hour had gone by and all the guests had arrived.
On the left isle of chairs sat half of the Jurai
family. Along with them sat Sasami, Washu, and Lina.
They were all finely dressed in there best outfits.
Azusa didn’t look like he was to happy with Tenchi’s
choice of brides but Ayeka had to reassure the emperor
that Tenchi wouldn’t have been happy with anyone else.
        To his right was his family and friends. Nubuyuki had
a video cam in hand a blabbering as usual. He swore he
heard, “Oh my wife in heaven! Our dear Tenchi is
finally getting married and becoming a man!” He only
smiled. The Galaxy Police had showed up and lined the
isles in a sort of weird space police tradition. At
the head of both lines were Mihoshi and Kiyone, both
tearing up a bit. Kiyone’s boyfriend, Ren also sat in
the isle with Tenchi‘s father.
        They had to tell Renhou about the family and he
surprisingly took it all quiet well. It sure surprised
Kiyone that he didn’t leave her in fear of sorts. She
was very relieved. She was so relieved she had no idea
how to explain it. Actually she became more attached
to the man.
        Soon Tenchi heard the piano player start the music.
It was time. He looked towards his grandfather, a
smile on his face. Yosho only smiled back as he
motioned for Tenchi to watch for his bride to show up.

        Tenchi saw his daughter and Ryo-ohki (Human form)
walk up the isle, sprinkling it with light pink and
white flower peddles. He watched them take a seat next
to his father, his daughter smiling broadly. She knew
that with this wedding Ryoko would officially be her
mother.
        Tenchi looked back down the red carpeted isle and saw
his bride make her way to the top of the stairs. She
was smiling behind the hood of her wedding kamono. He
felt his heart skip a couple of beats as did Ryoko.
This was it. They would finally be able to marry and
have a wonderful life together.
        Ryoko made her way towards the groom. There arms
looped each other as they faced Yosho. Tenchi could
feel Ryoko’s excitement. He could also tell she was
tense with some hint of nervousness. Tenchi managed to
hold Ryoko’s hand in his and she began to relax a bit.

        Soon Yosho said, “The bride and groom have prepared
to exchange words to each other.” Tenchi looked to
Ryoko and saw a tear roll down her cheek. It was a
tear of happiness and so he didn’t worry about it
much.
        Tenchi once again felt his heart jump as he began to
exchange his vows to his beloved. “Ryoko, we have gone
through so much together and have made it out in one
piece each time. I know you have waited for so long to
be with me and I am sorry that I never told you how
much I cared when I realized it. Now what you so
longed for is finally yours. I know you will do
everything in your power to keep me safe and in return
I will do the same. Ryoko, I love you so much and I
want you in my life.” he ended.
        He looked into Ryoko’s eyes the whole time he talked.
She had noticed that he was so sincere and honest. She
sniffed some as she tried to say what she wanted to
say. “Tenchi, at one time in my life I swore to myself
I would never marry anyone. But when I met you it
changed. I had never felt the way I do you about
anyone else in my entire life. You have saved me so
many times and in the beginning had brought me out of
darkness. I could have never done that without you. I
want to thank you so much and ask that you keep doing
that for me. God I love you.” She finished, trying so
hard not to start getting emotional in front of
everyone.
        Tenchi then heard his grandfather says, “Then if
there is no objectives, I here by pronounce you Mr.
and Mrs. Masaki.” They heard no objectives and Yosho
gave word to kiss the bride. It had to of been one of
the most passionate kisses they had ever done since
the war. They heard the crowed cheer for them. They
had both gone through allot and now they would finally
have some peace and be together from that point on.

        The End

More Notes: I tried my damndest to keep that story
both interesting and a bit romantic. I hope you guys
enjoyed it! Well my next story should come along soon.
But until then I will see you all laters! Ja ne! For
comments email me at
the_demon_sumoner_ryoko@yahoo.com!