My little Fic begins approximately 10 weeks after the end of "Tenchi 
Forever," my favorite movie out of the trio.  All characters, with the 
exception of the handful that I create myself, are property of AIC and 
Pioneer.  I love everyone though, and this universe, "Tenchi Universe" 
in fact, is a great stage for all my dramas.  Enjoy!
Forever Part 1:
Forever Ryoko
By: Emily Stamm

 "That's a beautiful drawing of the lake,"
Tenchi turned his head slowly to face the obvious admirer of his 
work.  It didn't surprise him when his eyes met the flash of flaxen 
corneas and a glowing smile that could never be hidden.
"Hey Ryoko," He murmured, knowing that she didn't need any 
recognition.at least not from him.  "You really like it?"
Settling down next to him, Ryoko gently took hold of the pad of 
paper.  Etched into it was a plethora of fine curving lines, abrupt 
arched ones, and soft fading shadows.  Yet somehow, aside from its wild 
and seemingly instantaneous feel, there was the definite scene of the 
lake outside of the Misaki household, looking out onto a small hill 
where the unfinished etch of a person lay.
"It is truly beautiful Tenchi," she whispered softly.  Then, upon 
noticing the sprawled figure, rested a bare finger on the paper and 
asked, "But who is that?"
"That?!" Tenchi grabbed the pad away with nimble fingers, turning 
red.  "Oh, that's just.someone lying in the grass."
Ryoko smiled with amusement as he frantically went back to work, 
grabbing the eraser and running it along some stray marks.  Tucking her 
clasped hands behind her head, she lay back into the soft mattress of 
the grass, raising her head and breathing in the rich Cornelia perfumed 
breeze.  The scent was timid, but filled the lungs with a deep 
appreciation for its beauty.
Pausing for a breath, Tenchi glanced over at the lounging woman 
lying beside him.  Her eyes were closed but a contented smile was on 
her face.  He smiled as he watched her chest rise and fall with every 
inhalation she took, and chuckled slightly at the soft whistle that 
came with the air running down the nasal passages.
Suddenly the closed lids that had captivated him for so long 
raised and the golden orbs looked at him.  "Tenchi," Ryoko said, fully 
awake, "Why are you staring at me?"
Tenchi searched for the answer with movements of his eyes.  He 
finally came to the conclusion.  "You're my model for this picture."
"Really?" Ryoko asked, now very interested.  She stretched and 
rolled over on her side, propping her head up on a fist and crossing 
her legs.  "How's this?  Wait, wait, I can do better," She shifted back 
onto her back, her knees only slightly bent, and her head somewhat 
turned so that the sky looked like the ground and the sketcher was 
upside down.
"Actually, that's pretty good," reluctantly turning his head away 
from the provocative pose, he moved around so that he faced her.  
Lifting his eyes back to hers, he smiled and began to sketch out the 
outline of her definitive hair and sharp chin.  Then he moved to the 
legs, drawing one long thigh and then the other over lapping it.  All 
the while he watched her smile on, happy to be his focus of attention 
for at least a moment in time.

	Sasami stepped out of the kitchen and into the refreshingly large 
living room, followed by the curious cabbit.  "Aeka?  Have you seen 
Tenchi or Ryoko anywhere?"
	Aeka turned in the couch, poking her head up to see over the 
headrest.  "No, my guess would be by the lake."
	The little princess stopped in her tracks, crossing her arms and 
definitely tried to figure something out.  "I wish I knew what was 
going on.  Ever since you brought Tenchi back from Tokyo, something's 
different."
	Aeka shrugged her shoulders in apathy.  Of course she knew what 
was going on, but Sasami wouldn't understand anyway.  Returning back to 
her soap, she yawned and pulled her legs up beneath her.
	"Well, whatever's up, it's making Ryoko late to dinner.and that's 
a complete impossibility," Nobuyuki piped up from the front door.
	"I know, now you see it too," Sasami continued, walking around 
the living room.  Wondering about the whereabouts of Tenchi and Ryoko, 
she glanced up to see two figures against the sunset on one of the 
hills around the lake.  They seemed awfully close; but then again Aeka 
wasn't up and fuming, wondering where Tenchi could be.and with Ryoko 
nonetheless.  Yes, something was amiss.
	"Well, I wouldn't worry too much about it Sasami," Nobuyuki 
consoled her, putting a friendly arm on her shoulder.  "You know Tenchi 
is almost eighteen, he can take care of himself."
	Sasami looked down at the floor to Ryo-ohki.  She meowed some 
sympathetic cries to her friend's worries and hopped up on her head, 
purring.
	"Well, if Ryo-ohki isn't upset, then I have no reason to be 
either.  I think I'll get back to the kitchen and start setting the 
table."  She paused, "Anyone like to help me?"
	The soap running its credits, Aeka clicked off the television and 
dotingly came to her sister's side.  "Of course I'll help," she smiled 
to prove to Sasami that she was really ok with both Ryoko and Tenchi 
late for dinner.
	"I'll help too," Nobuyuki started after them, "Hey do the helpers 
get samples of the cook's specialties?"

	Ryoko walked abreast with Tenchi, both staring straight out in 
front of them.  Not a word or a look had been exchanged since he had 
set down the pencil and paper.  Well that wasn't entirely true; they 
had both smiled when Tenchi had given his hand to help Ryoko up.
	Breaking the intense, deafening silence, Ryoko sped up her pace 
and stepped in front of him, blocking his way.  Through the waning 
light of the sun, Tenchi could see a tear run down the side of her 
cheek and he quickly cupped it to stop more.  
	"Ryoko, what's wrong?"
	Her eyes soft, she took a breath and could feel his thumb brush 
slowly over her bottom lip.  She fell distant of what she wanted to 
say, the whole of her emotions sliding to her lips and the gentle thumb 
that caressed it.  Then she shook her head, knocking away the 
gentleness of his palm.  "Tenchi, we haven't really talked about," she 
looked away, biting her lip in uncharacteristic nervousness.  "Tokyo."
	Tenchi nodded, the worried smile fading fast.  "That's because I 
can hardly remember it, even-"
	"No," Ryoko could feel the tears of hurt begin to push themselves 
past the indifferent armor that she wore, "Don't say it.  For the past 
six months I had been searching for you, hoping that our true love 
would find a way."  Heat returned to her cheeks and she glanced up to 
see his reaction.  There was none.  "Anyway, after I learned about 
Haruna, I was convinced that I loved you more than Aeka and Haruna 
combined. 
 "And when I found that my heart wasn't strong enough, I was 
hurt.  My world was crashing around me and I was angry." She had backed 
away to let the screams that she had been holding in release 
themselves.  "I loved you Tenchi, and yet I wasn't strong enough to win 
your heart!  I was so angry that I even denounced my love for you," she 
shook her head, collapsing to her knees in a pile of self-pity.  "I'm 
so sorry Tenchi, it wasn't true." Her shoulders shook as the tears 
flowed faster.  "It wasn't true!  And, I still can't believe that I was 
able to come back into that world, knowing that you wanted to stay with 
her over me," she buried her face in her hands.
She felt a warm palm on her shoulder, and felt his breath siphon 
its way through the cracks between her fingers.  "Ryoko,"
"No," she stubbornly raised herself into the air, swatting away 
his hands.  "Let me finish.please,"
Hearing her plead, Tenchi nodded.
After a long silence, Ryoko sighed and continued.  "If I am to 
stay here any longer, I need to know now if I will lose you to someone 
else again." The gold flashed like fire.  "Otherwise, I will understand 
and accept defeat, leaving you here on this lonely planet to live as 
you did before.  I need to know it now, and if you can't answer now I 
know that my love deserves someone else.and so does yours."
Tenchi raised his head to see hers raised defiantly in a show of 
strength that he knew wasn't there.  His eyes felt wet and a tear 
slipped down the side of his cheek completely unexpected by both 
parties involved. 
"Tenchi, tell me now."
Without hesitation, he whispered tearfully, "Ryoko, you will 
never lose me."
Ryoko, ready to fly away and never look back, looked up and 
touched down beside him.  "What did you say?"
Dropping the drawing pad onto the forest floor, he took her 
shoulders in his hands, looking straight into her eyes.  "You will 
never lose me, ever." He told her before drawing her close, unwittingly 
pressing her lips to his in a soft kiss.
"Ever?" She asked with a smirk as she drew back, pressing a palm 
to her hot cheek modestly.  The other fingers pressed against her lips 
questioningly, not knowing if the kiss was intentional, or the hug had 
become too close for their heads not to meet.
Tenchi let out a relieved chuckle.  "You know, I don't think that 
you need me to answer that question for you, do I?"
Her head still spinning from the unexpected intimacy, Ryoko let 
her lips break from the thin, uncertain line she held them in.  The 
wind blew cold, stirring fallen petals from the forest floor, raising 
them up to the sky in a rebirth of life.  She shuddered with both 
anxiety and the cool crisp air that rushed rapidly past her.  "Tenchi, 
was that.?"
He followed her.  Very softly, without a word, his arms slid 
under hers, forcing her back into the warmth of his chest.  "Yes, I 
love you Ryoko."
Ryoko turned her head sideways, pressed it deep into his 
shoulder, and breathed in the wonderful woodsy, country air that was 
permeated throughout the long sleeved camp shirt that he wore.  "Say it 
again," she breathed in a raspy whisper.  Before he could say those 
three little words once more, she pulled his arms tighter about her and 
teleported both of them to the roof, landing wrapped in his arms, 
sitting on his lap, gazing at the almost set sun.

Just as the family members were about to sit down to a wonderful 
supper, the doorbell rang.  Aeka, only happy to move about from the 
cradled fetal position she had rolled herself into on the couch, 
promptly went up to answer it.  Straightening out her Juraian kimono, 
she pulled on the handle to see a bawling Mihoshi and a fuming Kiyone, 
completely ignoring the hostess at the doorstep.
"Kiyone, it wasn't my fault!  Please don't be mad at me!"
The teal tresses of the galaxy police officer bobbed with every 
accusation that she made to her blonde cohort.  "It's a little too late 
for that Mihoshi!  If it wasn't for you, I would be sitting down at a 
table in Tokyo's famed Five Star restaurant with Mr. Right!  Just when 
I find him, you go and."
Her partner stopped short, the tears flowing in a massive 
waterfall.  "Is it my fault that he has a thing for blondes?  No!" she 
screamed defiantly.
"Excuse me, but is there something I can do for you?" Aeka 
politely coughed to bring them back to reality.  
Both stopped screaming and ran an embarrassed hand down the back 
of their necks.  "Well, actually, since Kiyone was dumped-" Mihoshi 
began gleefully, the tears abruptly vanishing, before Kiyone slapped a 
hand over her mouth.
"Uh, since you asked, we would appreciate a good meal.  You know 
we haven't had one since we left the Science Academy."
Aeka nodded.  "Of course you could join us," She began to lead 
them into the house.
Sasami looked up to see the Police officers come in, a smile 
spreading across her face.  "Oh, is that Kiyone and Mihoshi Aeka?  Tell 
them to come on in, there's plenty to share."
 "Yeah, and more so to go around." Nobuyuki added, complete with 
a wiggle of his brows over in Kiyone's direction.
She stopped, sensing another one of Mr. Misaki's flirtatious 
episodes coming on again.  "That's okay.I'm not that hungry." She 
smartly replied, causing Nobuyuki to collapse in defeat as she walked 
on by to take a seat.
"But I am!" Her partner brightly declared, grabbing a bowl and 
shoveling the sweet beef and noodles into her mouth, completely unaware 
of both Nobuyuki and Kiyone's looks.
"Say, where's Tenchi?" Sasami asked for the hundredth time, still 
pondering what was going on in the cute little brain of hers.
Mihoshi looked up from her mess, "And Washu?"
"Well, as far as I know, Ms. Washu is in her lab working on some 
power generator or something like that and having dinner in the lab." 
Aeka started, just now starting to eat her portion in small, mannerly 
bites.
"And Tenchi?" Kiyone repeated, swallowing a small piece of beef.
Before the first princess of Jurai could answer, the sliding door 
closed to the deck and Grandfather stood in silence, gently pulling a 
camellia blossom out of his hair.  "If you're really all that 
interested, go have a look for yourself," he answered for the quiet 
woman sitting at the end of the table.
They all rose; except for Mihoshi who was stuffing herself 
senseless; and walked out the way Grandfather had just come in.  "But 
be quiet," Yosho warned, gently twirling the flower blossom between his 
fingers.

It had gone from sun to moon in a matter of moments.  The stars 
were out, shining with all their brilliance.  Tenchi looked down into 
her deep eyes, reflecting starlight off of them.  If he looked hard 
enough, the whole universe was trapped inside, but certainly not 
suffering because of the capture.  "Ryoko,"
"Hmm?" she stirred from his lap in the darkness, taking to the 
air and pulling his hand up with her to a more comfortable part of the 
roof.
"Life is and will always be unpredictable with you, won't it?" He 
questioned, as he was set down softly, followed by the renewed warmth 
at his side as Ryoko lay down beside him. 
She yawned sweetly, "Uh, huh.  That's okay with you, right?" the 
light from her eyes disappeared as the lids closed over them.
He pulled her up and let that familiar grasp around his shoulders 
take hold, not wanting to shake it off.  "Of course it is."
"Good," she breathed, burying her head into his neck, yawning 
once more, and finally pulled a hand down from his shoulder to rest on 
his chest.  She relaxed even more as his left arm encircled her waist, 
drawing her closer to him.
"Good." He shifted his eyes to see over the blue edges of her 
hair, making sure that this wasn't the dream that he had envisioned so 
many times.  She was there, in his arms, on his chest, soft and warm in 
the chill night air.  "I love you Ryoko." He whispered aloud leaning 
his head back onto a roof shingle.
Without moving a muscle, Ryoko whispered "I love you Tenchi."  
Deep in her mind, Ryoko still couldn't believe that this was happening.  
He had declared his love for her for the second time, without 
hesitation, without thought of Aeka.  Huh, Aeka.

The three girls plus one Misaki came to the front of the house, 
glancing around for some signs of the hidden ones.  Fireflies lazily 
crossed green and black eyes as both Kiyone and Nobuyuki dove into the 
bushes, with Sasami reluctantly leaving the solemn princess behind in 
the shadows of the predominant house.  Meanwhile AKA, sure of where the 
two could be located took several steps backwards and looked up onto 
the red-shingled rooftop, seeing just what she knew she would see.
"Tenchi," She breathed in half surprise, half amusement.  
Smiling, she watched her friends lie there, sound as two rocks in a 
motionless pond.  Ryoko was all over him, yes, but there was something 
more.Tenchi, the man that she had loved since the day she fell to 
Earth, was all over her.  Squinting, Aeka could see his arm secure 
around the spacepirate's waist, and knew that both he and Ryoko were 
finally where they belonged.with each other.  Her mind flashed back to 
only a few hours ago, when Ryoko had come to the Shrine where Aeka was 
preparing sweet potatoes.
Aeka had only looked up to the stairs to see her now-friend 
flying up them, wearing a lavender skirt that went to the bare ankles, 
and a modest light blue tank that bared only the slightest amount of 
mid-drift.  Her knee-length, short-sleeved pale green robe flew out 
around her, giving her the appearance of a Kodacrome monster.  But, 
nevertheless, she was the same Ryoko, with the extravagant cyan spike 
hairstyle to boot.  Swiftly, she approached the Princess and touched 
down beside her.
"Listen," she began in a tone that Aeka had never heard before.  
Ryoko didn't understand why she was so gentle either.  Only that 
remained a mystery between the two.  "I-I'm thinking of leaving for a 
while, letting things get back to normal, let Tenchi think things out 
for himself.  He needs to.I guess." The golden eyes shifted down to 
stare at the very interesting gravel beneath their feet.  Her words and 
gaze were distant, questioning, begging for what she should do.
Aeka knew this had been coming for quite some time now, ever 
since that day on the roof before Ryoko went back for Tenchi.  She had 
never seen the 'fearless one' break down and admit defeat before.  And 
yet, there she was, head hung, shoulders slumped, ready to give up when 
it was she herself that had decisively continued to look for her love 
when Aeka was ready to give up and go home.   Maybe it was just that 
that finally convinced Aeka that her feelings for Tenchi were 
superficial.  Her love for him didn't compare to Ryoko's, not even in 
the slightest bit.  And when it came right down to it, Aeka knew that 
the two were lost without each other.  Oh sure, Tenchi rebuked her 
advances, maybe even yelling at her to finally "stop", but everyone 
could tell that he didn't want it to.  He was just afraid of losing a 
friend.and not a lover. Aeka accepted her title with pride now, and 
when her other friend needed the push to go and reclaim her love; Aeka 
stepped aside, and told her the truth. 
"Aeka?  You who, anyone home in that little Princess brain of 
yours?"
	Aeka came back to reality, smiling, but still keeping a dignified 
hanging of the head, her eyes shielded by violet locks.  "He doesn't 
need to think, Ryoko." She began, pulling a warm potato out of the 
cooling embers.  "We both know that you're the one that should stay, if 
anyone were to go."
	Ryoko did a double take; expecting to hear the woman standing in 
front of her to tell her to return to space, leave her alone with 
Tenchi.  However, she didn't hear those words.which really wasn't that 
surprising at all.  Since the day that the proud Aeka had admitted she 
wasn't really strong enough to enter the portal, Ryoko knew that lives 
would change.  The princess was telling the truth; Ryoko knew it, but 
also knew that it was hard for her to admit that Ryoko had been right 
all along.  "So, what now?"
	Looking into her eyes, Ryoko could see a flash of regret in them, 
through the wetness that they wore.  Swallowing Aeka spoke, "You stay 
and I return to Jurai.  Sasami will be old enough soon to help govern 
the planet, and its people.  I'm sure Azaka and Kamidake need us."
	The spacepirate shook her head in denial.  "No, you can't leave.  
We get along now, there's no reason to." The plead in her eyes was a 
little unsettling, but they were replaced by a glint of playfulness as 
she added, "Besides, we can't eat instant Ramen forever, what'll we do 
without Sasami?"  Ryoko asked with a grin.
	"You'll just have to learn to cook, Ms. Ryoko."  Aeka began to 
peel the sweet potato's skin off in strips, "Or cook sweet potatoes all 
day, it's your choice."  She joined her friend's court laughter.
	"Seriously, what should I do?  I've been with him every evening 
now for the past ten weeks, watching him draw." Ryoko grabbed a hot 
potato from the reddest coals.  "Yow! Son of a-" The potato went flying 
into Aeka's open hand. She handed it back to Ryoko with a smirk.  
	"You should go to him, one more evening.  If after that," she 
shrugged, "Who knows?"
	"It's settled then.  I stay or I leave.both for forever."
	"Now, don't be so dramatic." Aeka smiled chewing on the 
vegetable.  Ryoko looked up.  "We BOTH know that you can't stay away 
forever.  I mean, FOREVER is a day to you!"
	"No." Ryoko stated without a sign of humor.  "It will be forever 
if." she trailed off, not wanting to explicate her desires and wishes 
to her old enemy.  "If nothing happens.  I have an idea though."
	"Really?  Tell me."
	Ryoko shook her head.  "It's not what you think.  I'm just going 
to say it once and for all.  'Do you love me?'"  With a quick glance 
over in Aeka's direction, she continued.  "If I don't hear 'I do', I'm 
outta here."
	Aeka swallowed.  "Well, if he doesn't say anything, I want you to 
know that we will always be friends.now and forever." She set a hand 
over the fire, palm up, waiting for the other woman to place her hand 
on it.  
Ryoko, a mouthful of sweet potato, swallowed hastily and laid her 
right hand on Aeka's left.  "Friends."  Standing in front of the 
Juraian princess, Ryoko slowly phased out, her hand still resting on 
her friend's over the fire.
"Friends."
"Friends." Aeka mouthed the word over and over again as she 
watched the pair on the roof sleep.  It was strange.  Pangs of 
jealousy, revenge, and hurt didn't zing down on their usual paths to 
her heart.  She was watching Ryoko snuggle with Tenchi and yet she 
wasn't goading Washu to borrow her hover pillow and confront them.  
This meant that she really was okay with the present situation and all 
that it implied.
"Aeka," her younger sister suddenly appeared, tugging on her 
kimono.  "We can't find them anywhere, and I'm begin-" She stopped in 
mid-sentence, her eyes following her sister's gaze to the two on the 
roof.  "Oh."
Smiling, Aeka looked down to the soft bright blue head.  "Come 
Sasami, let us return back to the table and finish our meal."  She 
turned just as Kiyone and Nobuyuki stumbled from the underbrush behind 
them.
"If you ever-"
Mr. Masaki held up his hands in defense as Kiyone shook her 
finger at him with angry eyes.  "I was just comforting you, that's 
all."
"Comfort my ass!" Kiyone roared back, staring him directly in the 
eye.  "And I do mean, 'my ass'." She pointed to her posterior.  "No 
comfort here, just pervertedness!" Wagging her finger, she backed up 
into Aeka.
Aeka hid a smile behind a sleeve at the made-up word.  "Pardon 
me, Miss Kiyone, but would you like to go back in and eat?"
The galaxy police officer glanced back through the transparent 
door where Mihoshi was still stuffing her face with rice and noodles.  
"Nuh-uh." Then, with a glare back to Mr. Misaki.  "I've suddenly lost 
my appetite.again."

Tenchi looked up.  Had he just heard Kiyone's voice and his 
dad's?  What about that little tiny squeak?  Sasami?!  He sat bolt 
upright, knocking Ryoko from his chest.
"Hey, what gives?" she whined, her eyes still closed, as her head 
hit the cold tile. "Tenchi?"
"Shhh.  I hear my father," Tenchi answered her, leaning farther 
over, trying to get the best point of view.
"So?" Ryoko asked groggily, rubbing her eyes with the heels of 
her palms.  "You've heard all he has to say before, *yawn*, why would 
you start listening now?" She rested her chin on his left shoulder 
sweetly.
"Ryoko," he started in his usual, 'same old Ryoko' tone, but 
stopped to tap her nose with his right pointer. 
She looked up questioningly, then smiled as he pressed his lips 
to her forehead.  This was real.  In fact, "Tenchi?"
"Yes,"
In no particular tone, she asked him, "Could you say it again?"
Tenchi cocked a brow, thinking of all the possibilities that 'it' 
could be.  Finally he knew what she wanted.  She wanted to hear it as 
plain as day and without hesitation.well, a little too late for that, 
he had spent most of this time contemplating what 'it' could be!  "I 
love you Ryoko." He said in a very definite tone, staring deep into 
those magical flaxen eyes.  Then, before she knew what was happening, 
Tenchi had her in his embrace, his lips brushing her ear as he 
whispered, "and no, it's not a dream.  This is real."
Ryoko let the smile pass through her lips gladly, and even more 
so as his hands rested upon her shoulders and his eyes came back to 
hers.  They were tender, soft.   Ryoko became jelly in his arms as a 
hand left her shoulder and went to her cheek.  So this was how it felt 
to be loved.   She had felt longing and lusting before, but never this 
true, mutual love.  It was wonderful to be gazed at as she was now, as 
an object of those feelings that she had held deep inside herself.  And 
though she could have lived with being a friend, she was now embracing 
life as the moon hung down behind them, two silhouettes shadowed on a 
lunar surface.  
"I love you too Tenchi," she whispered softly.  She let out a 
quick giggle.  "But of course you already knew that."
"Yes I did, but,"
Ryoko pressed a finger to his lips.  "Shhh.  No more talking of 
the past.  We're in the present now."
"And on the threshold of the future."
She pressed middle and pointer harder into his flesh.  "Shhh."
There was silence.  Kaddydids buzzed on into the night, their 
only audience.aside from the two Juraian sisters observing them from 
far below.  Their eyes pulled their bodies closer and closer together.  
Smiles and fear both circulating between them, his lips met hers in a 
soft, passionate kiss.

"Now it is really time to get back to the table," Aeka murmured, 
pulling Sasami by the collar onto the porch, then into the living room.  
Her sister still looked dazed and confused.
Both Nobuyuki and Kiyone had stopped their arguing as soon as 
they had heard that deep giggle emanating from the rooftop.  Their eyes 
had gravitated up to where Tenchi and Ryoko hid from the prying eyes of 
their friends.  Now Kiyone, shaken as Sasami was, took to her feet and 
followed Aeka and Sasami back to the house.  Nobuyuki on the other hand 
stayed out in the night, jumping for joy.
"See Achika honey!  Our son is a true man!  He finally made his 
choice, hey Tenchi, how does it feel?" Cupping his hands around his 
mouth he yelled, "TENCHI!"
Nothing.
"Tenchi?!  Now that you're a big man, you don't want to talk with 
your father anymore?"
	Still nothing.
	Just as Nobuyuki was about to climb up the nearest tree, he felt 
a tug on his sleeve.  Turning, he saw the ghostly image of his wife.  
	"Nobuyuki, let them be."
	Mr. Misaki hung his head in shame.  "You're right my darling.  
You always were the voice of reason."
	She smiled a stunning smile that became her.  "Thank you.  And 
about reason, why must you push yourself on Miss Kiyone?"
	Scratching his back nervously, he replied, "She reminds me so 
much of you."
	Achika gave him a quizzical stare and cocked a brow.  "Please 
Dear, you know that it will never be.  I am me, and you are you.  That 
is the way it should be."
	"Oh, you're right.  And we do have a wonderful son." He turned 
his head and looked back up to the rooftop.
	His wife's gaze followed his.  She smiled once again.  "Yes.  And 
we will have beautiful grandchildren." A sleeve of her long pale pink 
robe went to her mouth in surprise.  Her brows lifted as she mumbled, 
"Oops."
	"Achika?  What was that?  Grand-Grandchildren?"
	She shook her head nervously.  "No no, I didn't mean that." she 
started to fade leaving Mr. Misaki with a prideful smile on his face.  
The touch of a feather graced his cheek and he knew that Achika had 
left with a kiss.
	"My Tenchi.a father!  It's hard to believe, but it could come 
true.  Oh my dear, we will have wonderful grandchildren."  Abandoning 
the idea of seeking out Tenchi, Nobuyuki headed for the house with a 
thought under his breath.  "Let's just hope that they have his power 
and not hers." The picture of a Ryoko chasing a levitating bassinet and 
Tenchi dodging plasma balls ensuing from that bassinet crossed his mind 
before going into the house.

	Tenchi suddenly broke away from Ryoko's deepening embrace and 
mouth.  "Ryoko did you hear that?"
	"What?" The question was a squeal, perturbed, but ecstatically 
happy at the same time.  
	"It sounded like my mother's voice."
	Ryoko leaned over him, pleading in her eyes.  "Some men picture 
their mothers.others just hear their voices.either way."
	"No-wa!" Tenchi screamed, horrified at the thought.  "Ryoko, 
control yourself!"
	She looked down at the roof like a wounded kitten.  "Forgive me 
Tenchi.but I've waited so long."
	The look of utter disgust vanished at the shining, sad golden 
eyes of his beloved.  "I know you have, just try to be more demure 
about it, okay?"
	Slowly nodding, Ryoko smiled.  "If you try to embrace it."
	"I've been holding myself back thus far, I think I can manage a 
few months more."
	"MONTHS?!" Ryoko screeched.
	"Alright, alright.days."
	"Better.but I would prefer hours.or minutes.or even." He fell 
onto his back from the propped up position.   She lingered over him on 
his left side.  "Seconds." She didn't move.just let him squirm below 
her.
	"Ryoko,"
	With a sigh she got up and turned away from him, "There's that 
tone again."
	He followed and came behind, wrapped his arms about her waist.  
"And you wouldn't want to hear any other one, right?"
	Again, distance from what she wanted to say.Tenchi's arms around 
her.lips brushing her ear purposefully.her heart thudding for the whole 
world to hear.  "Uh-huh," she wavered, her voice cracking under the 
emotional strain.
	"You want to eat now?"
	The new tension dissipated and instead of her heart, she heard 
her stomach rumble.  Pressed against him, she felt Tenchi's stomach 
turn and twist as well.  She turned in his arms, grabbed his head 
gently, and pulled him in for a hard kiss.  It felt good to feel him 
come willingly.
	
	The door opened under the stairs and the cutest little genius in 
the universe walked out, still sporting her ancient Science Academy 
outfit.
	"Well, well, well," she sighed, glancing around to the dinner 
guests, her hands at her waist.  "Enough for seconds?"
	Sasami stood up and smiled.  "Yeah, and plenty more still since 
Tenchi and Ryoko aren't here."
	"Oh?" Washu asked, only mildly interested, taking her seat 
between Nobuyuki and Kiyone.  "And where are they?"
	"Kiyone and Aeka mentioned something about a roof top, but then 
again I could be wrong." Mihoshi sputtered with a mouth full of Ramen 
and beef.
	Washu turned her head to meet the happily blubbering Nobuyuki.  
She stuck a thumb in Mr. Misaki's direction and motioned with her 
Magenta bobbed head.  "What's with him?"
	"I'm so proud of Tenchi, he finally made his decision.  Oh 
Achika, what a son we have." The man next to her sobbed, waving lines 
of tears streaming down his face.
	"Well, that was barely coherent."  The genius acknowledged, 
grabbing a bowl and some chopsticks.
	Aeka swallowed the little mouthful she'd been chewing since she 
had returned inside.  "What he meant to say is that Tenchi and Ryoko-"
	As the first princess was about to say it, the couple walked in, 
clearly displaying it.  Ryoko had quickly changed outfits from the 
Kodachrome Monster to the Space Pirate Casual.  It was basically the 
same green wrap/robe, but with a pale green long sleeved shirt on top, 
a tight black band around the waist and finally golden sandals that 
accentuated the gracefulness of her feet rather than their largeness.  
Tenchi wore the plaid camp-shirt, but had changed into black, straight-
leg pants that gave him the appearance of an eighteen-year-old instead 
of the sixteen-year-old that he had long left behind.  Between them 
were clasped hands, mutually entwined in the other.
	"Are an item!" Mihoshi exclaimed, gawking at the two.
	"Not an item exactly, Mihoshi," Tenchi started, walking over to 
the blonde wolfing down more food.  Ryoko followed him, her ecstatic 
smile fading as he denied what really was.  He turned to see her smile 
turn upside down into a disappointed frown.
"But not exactly friends either," a corner of her lips raised but her 
eyes still remained downcast.  Turning on his heel he brought Ryoko 
closer and naturally put his arm around her shoulders. 
	"I'll accept that as an apology," She sniffed, giving him a quick 
kiss on the nose, her eyes catching his in playful stare.  
	"Well, I can see I've warped myself into a different 
dimension.again," Washu mumbled in disbelief. 
	"No you haven't," Tenchi started, resuming his walk to the table.  
"Ryoko and I have come to a decision." He glanced over in the direction 
of Aeka, slowly savoring her mouthful with thoughtful bites.  Her eyes 
shone without regret, bitterness, or sadness.  In fact, nothing could 
be seen through them.  They were anchored on Ryoko and the space 
pirate's sudden change in behavior.  "Aeka, I'm sure-"
	Interrupting her love, Ryoko broke away from his hold on her hand 
and came to Aeka's side and laid a hand on her right shoulder.  "Aeka 
and I have come to a mutual decision as well."
	Nobuyuki and Yosho both preoccupied with their own predicaments, 
now looked up along with Kiyone, Mihoshi, Washu, Sasami, and even 
Tenchi.
	"It's true, Lord Tenchi, that I would have been sick at seeing 
you and Ryoko together," Aeka began in a low tone.  "But, after our 
ordeal in Tokyo, I have come to the belief that even though we are 
meant to be together,"
	Ryoko glanced up as if she had been double-crossed; fire cracking 
through the golden eyes.  Her fingers dug a little into her friend's 
shoulder in warning.
	Aeka looked up and grimaced.  "Ryoko, please.  We are meant to be 
together as friends and nothing more."  The grip on her shoulder eased 
as the fire emanating from Ryoko's eyes became nothing but a dull 
spark.
	"Sasami shall remain here, but I must go back to Jurai." She 
stood and bowed.  "I am a princess and a dutiful one at that." Her head 
raised in defiance.  "My people need me and so I must return."
	"Aeka," her sister stood and ran to her side.  "What are you 
saying?"
	"I am saying only this," her eyes went straight to the man 
standing at the end of the table.  "I am the first Princess of Jurai.I 
must be there for my people."
	Tenchi nodded, then glanced over at the woman standing next to 
the headstrong Aeka.  His eyes softened as a tear slipped along the 
contours of her face, her beautiful face.
	"Snap out of it," Tenchi told himself under a breath, "Aeka's 
leaving and all you can think of is Ryoko?" Waiting for the answer, he 
blurted out, "Yes."
	"Yes what, Tenchi?" Ryoko asked, looking up.
	"Uh.yes.  If that's what you feel is right, then you must go 
back." Whew, that was a close one.
	
	"You don't have to leave, you know," Ryoko told her, actually 
helping Aeka pack.  "Not on my account, at least."
	The princess whipped around, indignant.  "Ryoko, it's my choice, 
stay out of it!  I must go back."
	"Because there's nothing left for you here on earth?"
	"No," Aeka sighed, pulling out her summer clothes from a trunk.  
"Because where am I to go?  I already have duties, other than being a 
babysitter for your children."
	"That's a thought," Ryoko gazed off into the wall from where she 
sat on Aeka's futon.  "Children with Tenchi."
	Aeka rolled her eyes, "You've been dreaming of being Ryoko Masaki 
from the last two years.get over it!  It's going to happen."
	"I know," she said with a smirk.
	"Anyway, I don't want to be a waitress again, and I don't want to 
hang around here hoping that some other houseguest will come crashing 
into our lives and that he will eventually be the man in my life.  I 
just want to get away from here and go on with my life.  Is that so 
much to ask?"
	 "Wait, 'go on' with your life?" Ryoko stopped her, grabbing a 
violet sash lying on the ground.  "You are going to visit, won't you?  
Check up on Sasami, I mean."
	Aeka turned, holding up the bathing suit that she wore for the 
swimsuit competition back on that eternal summer planet before facing 
Kagato.  "Do you remember this?"
	Ryoko laughed; the memories of fighting before the face-off to 
decide things once and for all rushing through her mind.  "Yeah, and 
then Nagi blew us all away with that purple number."
	"Remember Miss Kiyone and that farmer's tan?"
	Ryoko burst out laughing, "How could I not?  She looked like a 
half done potato!"  
	Aeka tossed the suit at Ryoko, who caught it and shot it into 
Aeka's royal travel bag.
	"What about this?" The princess held up the pink striped apron.
	"You kept it?!" 
	"I realize I wasn't supposed to," Aeka began, folding the 
material into a rectangle.  "But, I wanted a little souvenir from my 
trip to Tokyo."
	Mouth agape, almost hitting the floor, Ryoko asked, "Stealing? A 
Princess of Jurai.a little thief?" 
	That indignant look crossed the woman's face again, this time 
reaching a hint of red.  "No, not stealing.exactly."
	"Though not 'asking', or 'paying' exactly." Ryoko prodded, the 
thought of Aeka criticizing her for being a Space Pirate when she 
herself could steal an apron.  "Well, what do you have to say for 
yourself, hypocrite?"
	The hint of red became a blatant answer.  "Ryoko!  Please, I'm 
not proud of myself.like you are!"
	"Ha!" Came the light response.  Ryoko stood, wagging her finger 
in a warning.  "If I hadn't promised Tenchi to never try to destroy 
you."	 
	They burst out laughing, crumbling to the floor in spasms of 
giggles and tears.
	"I'm going to miss you, you old stuck-up Princess." Ryoko chided, 
slapping her thigh good-naturedly.
	"And I you, you old space pirate!" Aeka took special pleasure in 
seeing Ryoko grimace at that elongated "old".  "Take care of the earth 
boy for me."
	"Oh, you know I will." Ryoko smiled knowingly.  "Believe me, when 
I get that ring on him, I'm knockin down that damnable wall that's 
separated us for so long."
	The giggles and guffaws subsided, leaving the room at an eerie 
quiet.
	Aeka caught Ryoko's eye and was surprised to see a tear slip down 
the corner of her face.  
	"You know that if the tides had turned the other way."
	Ryoko got up, shaking her head with a firm no.  "Please, don't 
talk that way." Just as she was leading Aeka to believe that she could 
ever be gracious, her head tilted sharply, and the wet golden eyes 
played their game.  "Face it, Princess.  I won."  She stared at Aeka 
who, though at first outraged at the mood swing, refocused her own eyes 
on Ryoko's.  Tears were streaming from them.

Somewhere deep in space, a viewer of this sweet little scene went 
berserk as her viewing pool went out to pitch black. 
	"Damn it all to hell!" 
	"What is it mistress?"
	The cloaked figure slammed her fist onto the transmitter, 
shattering it into a million pieces.
	Her minion bowed graciously, pleased to see her anger directed so 
well.  If she wanted to, he could be obliterated in a second from a 
blast of plasma from her palm. 
 "This transmitter, it gave out on me!" she turned to spy the 
sniveling little human cowering in the corner.  "Was this your doing, 
Kiyo?"
	"Please.I can explain." 
	Her eyes flashed a deep ember-brown as she stared him down.  
"Yes, I'm sure you would." she trailed off, taking leave from her seat 
at the consul.  "If you could."
The lights flashed wildly as she made her attack, obscuring her 
features for sure as she slipped between the dark cracks left between 
them.  "But.I'm afraid you won't."
	Kiyo turned only to see his mistress laughing, her teeth, 
gleaming an iridescent white, billowing red hair building a dark auburn 
orb around her body, brown eyes a flare with the very fires of hell.  
They rolled up into her skull as if in death, then she let out an 
electric shock from her fingertips.  Power building, her ship 
temporarily became one with the starry backdrop.  Light dimmed dark and 
then, with a jolt, lights, controls, the consul, and finally sanity 
flared bright in the dark galaxy.
	She looked down, nudged the smoldering body of Kiyo with the tip 
of her boot.  With a sigh, she shook her head.  "Foolish Kiyo," She 
started in a tone that sounded almost sympathetic.  "If only you hadn't 
tried to stop me." Her drawn mouth flipped upwards in a maniacal smile.   
"Nothing can stop me." Her mind rewound to a couple of minutes ago, 
watching Ryoko and Aeka laugh and cry.  "Poor Ryoko," the cloaked 
figure returned to her seat at the ancient stone consul.  Setting her 
elbows on the edge, she leaned over the pool, pleased to see the 
crystal clear transmission returning.  "You think that life can't get 
any better," her finger went through the space pirate's holographic 
head.  "But.in troth.all it can get.is worse."

	With a raise from her eyebrows and a cautious glance around, 
Ryoko completely phased into Tenchi's room.
	"Ryoko?"
	She turned to see her beloved standing with arms crossed, a stern 
look on his face.  He was wearing nothing but long wide leg sweat 
pants.  "Uh.hi?"
	"Ryoko what are you doing here?" 
	She looked around innocently, drawing the gaping sheer red lace 
robe closer about her exposed cleavage.  Out of the corner of her eye, 
she could see him not turning his eyes away.  "I.uh.well." she tried, 
her fingers resting on her lips in appealing thoughtfulness.
	Tenchi shook his head, trying to snap out of the trance that she 
put him in with just one look, or one action.  "I thought we agreed 
to." 
	  She phased out and appeared only inches away from his face, her 
arms thrown haphazardly around his neck.  "I know, but I just need to 
have you in my arms, to know that you're there." Her eyes shone with 
love, just pure, undying love.
	His features softening, and eyes wandering he nodded and pulled 
her closer.  "I understand.but we can't."
	"I know, I know." They were about a single hair's width away from 
the other, mouths just barely hovering over the other's parted lips.  
"But, can't I just stay, stay with you tonight?"
	Tenchi acquiesced, and with a nod, his lips hit hers and didn't 
lift from their spot.  It is so easy with her, Tenchi thought as the 
kiss continued.  I really could just. He gently pushed Ryoko away from 
him.  "We can't.but you can stay."
	Without a word, he took her hand and led her to the futon beneath 
the window.  She edged her way up to the pillow and lay quietly as he 
settled beside her.  As if it was always meant to be, Ryoko rolled over 
on her side and rested her head on his chest, ear right over his heart.  
His fingers went through her hair, his other hand cupping her right 
shoulder.  They lay silent, golden and brown eyes wide open; not the 
least bit tired.  She didn't even stir when he brought up the blanket 
and covered both of them.

	Sasami brought out her favorite serving tray and spread the cakes 
out onto it.  Ryo-ohki meowed her respect as her friend went busily 
about, pouring drinks, setting the table, and finally arranging the 
breakfast bounty.
	Aeka was the first to rise, the smell of warm honey and berries 
filled her nostrils as she came down the stairs.  Taking her seat 
without a word, Sasami worked around her, handing her a plate and 
nothing more.  Finally, after an hour had passed and Aeka had eaten her 
share, Sasami sat; her big pink eyes searching the more subdued ones.
	"Aeka, you're leaving today."  
	"Yes, that is right Sasami."
	 "I'll miss you." Her younger sister responded without emotion.
	Aeka, uncomfortable with how the day had begun thus far, smiled.  
"Don't worry Sasami, I'll come back for visits.  A Princess has to be a 
diplomat as well.trips to other planets, such as earth, are mandatory."
	Sasami quirked a smile.  "I get it, good one Aeka."
	"Just make sure to contact me when Ryoko can't eat more than two 
servings for supper.then it will only be a matter of time."
	"Time for what?" Tenchi asked from the stairwell.  "Time for 
breakfast?"  Bound for the table, Ryoko flew past him, but he caught 
her hand and slingshot her into his arms.  
	"Tenchi!  LET ME GO!" Ryoko struggled to free herself.  "I love 
you, but so help me.if I don't eat, I'll kill you!"
	Letting her go, Ryoko sped down to the table, grabbed as many 
cakes and sausages as she could carry and quickly phased out before 
exposing herself just as Nobuyuki walked in.
	Aeka, though not angry or disgusted, couldn't help but notice 
that Ryoko had flown so merrily down the banister from Tenchi's room.   
	"So, now that you two are together, exactly what happened last 
night?"
	"Last night?!" Mihoshi, who had apparently been eavesdropping 
from the doorway, bounced on over to the table.  She pointed her finger 
at Tenchi and the princess.  "You and Tenchi?"
	Aeka shook her head, pointing to herself.  "No, Mihoshi, no-"
	"Boy," the blonde officer rudely grabbed a handful of berries and 
crushed them into her mouth.  "Ryoko won't like this at all."
	"Ryoko won't like what?" Ryoko questioned, phasing into her seat, 
arms crossed across the green tank top.
	"The fact that Tenchi and Aeka spent last night together!" 
Mihoshi happily blurted out, crunching down a cake much to the cook's 
disgust.
	Ryoko stood, setting her bangled wrists on the belt of her low-
rise jeans.  "That's impossible because I was with Tenchi last night."
	"So it's true!" Aeka accused, staring straight into the space 
pirate's eyes. 
	"No, it's not what you think, it was completely innocent." Tenchi 
explained, stepping aside to Ryoko at her defense.
	"Right, we're simply waiting for the right moment."  Ryoko sighed 
disappointedly.  
	"Yes, the right moment.that's all." Tenchi tried to convince 
himself.
	"Moment for what?" Washu piped up from the hall, locking the door 
to her dimension.
	"Will people please just come out of their hiding places and ask 
us this stuff up front!" Tenchi bellowed much to the surprise of the 
breakfasters.  
	Twirling the key-chain around a finger, Washu joined them.  
"Okay, okay.  Calm down Tenchi."
	Tenchi looked around him to see all familiar faces.  Aeka's 
bright dignified composure, Washu's crazy glint that her green eyes 
held, the blonde Mihoshi, her flighty blue eyes searching his, Sasami's 
silent, yet knowing gaze that tricked you into thinking that maybe she 
was her chronological age instead of her physical appearance of nine.  
His father's wise, sad face was always there, and then there was Ryoko, 
her eyes shining with love that he knew she was holding back.  It's all 
changing, Tenchi thought suddenly.  Aeka's leaving, I've fallen and 
still am falling in love with Ryoko, and Grandfather hasn't been 
himself, so quiet and thoughtful.
	He came back to the land of the living with a prod from Ryoko.
	"Tenchi?"
	"Uh.yeah.moment for.um," His trademark blush chose that moment to 
reappear and cause all the women, with the exception of Ryoko, to nod 
their heads slowly and utter a small, yet knowing, "oh".
	Red came to his beloved's cheeks as well, but instead of a stare, 
she winked and phased out.
	"Uh huh, anyway, as I was saying, I better go and get my things." 
Aeka abruptly left from her seat at the table, hurrying up the stairs 
in a flash of purple and pink.  Sasami followed close behind her, and 
the cabbit ended the train.
	Cramming her plate full of delicious breakfast goodies, Mihoshi 
headed for the couch leaving Washu with the nervous young man.
	"Miss Washu, could I ask you something?" Tenchi began after a 
couple minutes of eating in silence and Ryoko still hadn't returned.
	Without a glance up in his direction, she replied, "Yes, of 
course Tenchi, ask me anything." 
	"How did Ryoko and Aeka-" His eyes were lowered.  He knew that 
this issue had been skated around for quite some time now, and for good 
reason.  But before he could make anything definite or make any 
possible conclusions, he needed the facts.
	"How did they fair without their knight in shining armor?"  Washu 
supplied, still focused on watching the biscuit go from the plate to 
below her nose, and finally into her mouth.  "It was a good six months 
before they stopped in Tokyo.  They had been up and down the entire 
island and even sky-hopped a couple islands.  They just kept looking."
Now she chose the moment to look up at Tenchi.  Her green eyes 
glistened with earnest, knowing that he needed to know the truth.  
"Aeka wanted to give up, but Ryoko never stopped.  I have never seen 
that girl so determined in, well, ever.  One day Aeka even came home, 
but rejoined Ryoko a week later."
	"Then finally, when we were left with only Tokyo on our list, we 
knew that this was our last chance."  They both looked up as Aeka came 
down the stairs slowly, carrying her bag with both hands before her.  
Her head was bowed as she mustered the strength to recall the painful, 
yet recent event.  "We had suffered by day and cried ourselves to sleep 
by night. Then-"
	"I saw you in the alley."
	His eyes shifted from the princess to the source of the pained 
tone.  Behind him, standing forlornly at the doorway was Ryoko, gazing 
wistfully out to the lake.  She was cradling herself, all drawn in as 
she continued the memory.  "I couldn't touch you." her lower lip began 
to quiver, but she took a deep breath and continued.  "You couldn't 
hear me, you couldn't see me."
	Aeka was beside him now, standing proud. "But she knew, even when 
I didn't, that you remembered."
	"Something deep in my heart told me that you knew us.me.  And 
then, when we were in her world, I noticed the paintings."
	Tenchi, his eyes still locked on his beloved's hurt figure, was 
suddenly struck with a barrage of memories that seemed more like dreams 
than remembrances.  He shook his head as the last scene ended.  A young 
woman with flowing brown hair, wrapped in the arms of a young Yosho was 
saying, "No you won't, you'll forget me and that's the way it should 
be." Apparently it was. 
	"And yet you still wanted to be with her."
	Tenchi felt a pang of guilt zing at his heart.  He had hurt her 
so terribly.and there was nothing he could do.
	Ryoko turned and looked at him, struggling to hold her smile and 
head up.  "But now you're here, I was strong enough, and you'll never 
leave me, I'll never lose you again."
	"And you won." Aeka jibed good-naturedly as she strolled on by 
Ryoko.  
	"Yes I did." Ryoko beamed; the smile and weight lifting to their 
full brilliance.  She grabbed the Princess's bag out of her hands and 
carried it out to the lake, Aeka in full tow.
	
	"C'mon Mihoshi!" Kiyone called as they hurried up the path to the 
Masaki house.  She stopped and ran in place, waiting for the Blonde to 
catch up.  "We don't want to be late for Aeka's big send-off do we?"
	Jogging, the other Galaxy policewoman breathed heavily.  "If you 
*huff* just wait a mom- *puff* -ent, " Finally, she came around the 
corner and joined Kiyone. 
	"There, was that so hard?" Kiyone called as she took off at full 
sprint, and to her surprise Mihoshi went on by, launching her whole 
body through the air while still on her heeled feet.  This made her 
partner bare down even harder, a determined grimace on her face.  Her 
skirt tore as it caught on a stray branch, ripping it halfway up from 
her knees to her white thighs.  Too focused on winning this race, 
Kiyone continued on despite the setback.  As she came over the hill and 
beheld the still dewy and misty morning that lay over the valley, she 
spied the bushy yellow head of Mihoshi bobbing happily down along the 
hill, her pace down to a skip.  Infuriating Kiyone even more, she upped 
her sprint, and quickly surpassed the lazy Mihoshi, who just waved 
happily as her friend sailed on by.
	"I did it, I'm the champion!" She screamed at the top of her 
lungs, her arms raised in victory.  Ahead of her was the beautiful 
send-off picnic that Sasami had thrown together in a hurry.  It still 
looked appetizing though, all of Aeka's favorite dishes from earth.  
Cheeseburgers, sushi, carrot appetizers, a whole culinary managerie.
	Tenchi and Ryoko were out, helping to set up, the space pirate 
dressed in a very flattering dark blue drapey short dress that hung off 
her shoulders.  Sasami and Aeka were sitting off to the side, making do 
with what little time they had left as sisters living on the same 
planet.  Interestingly enough, Washu was out as well, wearing a simple, 
yet elegant sleeveless kimono, typing on her holographic laptop.
	"Yahoo!" Kiyone yelled as the group got closer and closer.  She 
began to slow down, but found that she couldn't.  "Help!" was the 
plaintive cry before the five heard a *crash! * come from behind one of 
the trees.
	"Hi everybody!" Mihoshi called as she walked through the 
surrounding gate.  "Where's Kiyone?" She raised a hand to shield her 
eyes and peered through the separating "crash" cloud to spy her partner 
in disarray, supported only by the natural trunk of the tree.
	"I'm right here you airhead!" Kiyone seethed as she struggled to 
raise herself from the ebony roots.  
	"Here Miss Kiyone, let me help you," Aeka came over and motioned 
with her head for Ryoko to help her.  Together, they got the teal 
tresses of the police officer untangled from the flaking bark, which 
with a smile, Kiyone let them know she appreciated her help.

	After the girls had taken the beaten winner into the house to get 
some new clothes, the two Misaki men, plus one ancient Juraian warrior 
sat alone in complete and utter silence.
	Lying on the picnic blanket, hands behind his head, brown eyes to 
the heavens, Tenchi watched the mists part and reveal a bright blue sky 
with lazy white clouds drifting by every so often.  For a while he just 
listened to the whistle of the wind as it wove between the trees.  Then 
it shifted to the almost inaudible sound of the fish jumping out of the 
lake.  Just as his lids began to feel a little too heavy, the soft 
impression of fingers at his shoulder pulled him out of the dreamy 
state.  He opened his eyes fully to see her smiling above him.
	"Hey Ryoko," Tenchi greeted her sleepily.  "How's Kiyone?"
	She yawned as he did.  "Oh, just fine.  They're in the Ladies 
Bath now, chatting and sipping Sake."  She lay down on her side; head 
propped up on her left elbow.  He turned to face her on his right side.  
With a coy parting of her lips, she continued.  "Giving me a chance to 
steal a moment with my love." Just as she leaned in, his lips grabbed 
hers in a fervent hold.  She kissed back slowly, never ever wanting 
this spontaneous moment to end.  Drawing away, she licked her lips and 
bit down on the lower one.  "Better than I expected."
	Tenchi laughed.  "Well, I have a lot of apologizing to do." He 
reached for her right hand and held it in his left.  "I had some idea, 
but not really of what I put you through."
	Smiling at him, Ryoko murmured, "Yes, well, what happened 
happened, and I never want it to happen again."  Leaning in again once 
more, she found his mouth there to welcome her and reassure her that 
the hell that had she had been tormented with for more than half a year 
was iced over for eternity.  Never again would she feel alone.with 
Tenchi beside her.
	Just as she was about to break off the kiss and join the others 
at the Bath, Ryoko felt the warm body that she faced pull her over, 
partially lying over him.  Her fingers worked their way through the 
smooth black hair down the back of his skull to rest between the cool 
grass and his warm neck.  She lifted her head away, staring down into 
the entrancing brown eyes that had captivated her so long ago.  But 
instead of fear emanating from them, there was only the softness of 
love smoothing the sharp contrast between the darkness of the cornea 
and blinding whiteness of the rest of his eyes.  They both smiled 
before his enveloping arms pulled her in for a better taste of the 
intoxicated lips.
	"Ryoko, I love you so much," he whispered loudly for her to hear 
as they came up for air, running fingers along the cyan tendrils that 
came down to the bridge of her nose.  
	"I can't hear you say that enough my dearest," she responded 
softly to the tender finger trailing down her facial features.  Now she 
really wished that this spontaneous situation would never end.
	As she ran her own fingertips over his face, brushing away stray 
locks from his forehead, the familiar chatter of the youngster, two 
Galaxy Policewomen, First Princess of Jurai, cutest genius in the 
Universe, and finally the tiny "Miyas!" of the cabbit dared to intrude 
on the quiet of the lakeside gathering.  But even though Grandfather 
and Noboyuki heard them, the two lovers didn't.
	"It's as I told you-OH MY GOD!"
	The two looked up to find the entourage of universal women 
staring, mouths agape at the sickening PDA.
   	Ryoko threw herself back off of him, scrambling to straighten her 
dress and wipe the saliva from the sides of her mouth before facing her 
friends.  "Hey Mihoshi, Kiyone, Washu, Sasami.Aeka." She drawled, 
waving breezily at them.
	The Princess, who was casting her such an unreadable glare, 
turned her sights to Tenchi; as if he would confirm what she had just 
seen.  He was doing the same as Ryoko, sitting back on the heels of his 
palms, smiling good-naturedly at the bewildered fivesome.  "H-Hey 
Aeka.something wrong?"
	"M-Me?  No nothing," Aeka lied through her gritted teeth, holding 
her head so high up to the sky.  "You two are apparently a couple.now." 
She shot a glare back to Mihoshi, causing the blonde to draw back 
against Kiyone.  "Or should we say an 'item'?"
	Ryoko stood, nodding solemnly.  "Yes, I'm happy you figured it 
out so soon." Her glare turned from solemn acceptance to outright 
anger.  "You saw me fly down from his bedroom this morning and now you 
see him kissing me.  It looks like Washu has to step down as the 
greatest Genius in the world!"
	The magenta tresses of the scientist came into Ryoko's field of 
vision, shaking her head.  "Genius in the Universe." She corrected, 
then wished that she had let that one slide.  
	"Please Aeka," Sasami pulled at her sister's stately kimono.  
"Let's just sit down and finish the hour that you have on earth as 
friends."
	Even Kiyone stepped up to the plate, setting a palm on the purple 
shoulder. "Lady Aeka please, let them be.  Your sister has gone a great 
length to set up a farewell brunch, let's enjoy it.  Right Mihoshi?"  
She turned to find her partner over at the buffet, already loading up 
her plate.  "MIHOSHI!"
	"Uh.right!"
	Both Kiyone and Sasami moaned, "She's hopeless."
	Meanwhile the sparks were already flying between golden and red 
eyes, with no help from any of the spectators.
	"I thought you said you were okay with this?"
	"Maybe I was, but after seeing that, I'm not anymore!"
	"What?"
	"Look, I know that you two are supposed to be together, but I 
don't need to see the truth thrown in my face!"
	"Well if you think that's all the truth that we'll be throwing 
around, you'll have to stick around-"
	Tenchi stepped between them.  "Stop it both of you!" he screamed 
at the top of his lungs and like so many times before, both girls 
stopped in mid-retort.  "I thought that this immaturity would end, but 
apparently I was wrong." He glanced up to a severely wounded Ryoko, 
then over to the anxious and hurt Aeka.  Spinning around on his heel he 
faced the dishpan eyes of the First Princess, round with fear at what 
he would do.  In a very quiet tone he spoke only loud enough for her 
ears and her ears only.  "I made my choice Aeka, I'll never regret it.  
I love Ryoko." He regained his stance as he felt himself slipping from 
what he wanted to say.  "This is why I never answered this question in 
the first place.  Someone would be hurt, lonely; envious of the other.  
I would be feeling terrible at causing her to feel this way.  Sure, 
somewhere deep inside I knew that if I made the right choice, she would 
make me feel better about it."
	"Yes, but Lord Tenchi, I loved you with all my heart and she-"
	"She didn't know how to communicate her love.  Now she's matured 
to where I can accept and give her my own love in return.  It's painful 
for you to hear, but since I said 'I love you' to Ryoko, I feel as if a 
weight has been lifted." He could see Aeka wince with pain, but he 
continued. " I don't hide from it, I don't refuse it, but I accept it 
and return it.  I plan to marry her, have children with her, live and 
be faithful to her only.  She's my life.  If I had made the wrong 
choice, I would always regret it and take it out on the one that I had 
chosen.  That would be no life for her, would it?"
	 Aeka shot him a quizzical look and cocked a brow.  "You really 
love her."
	"Yes.  I didn't want to hurt you like this, but I can't help what 
my heart said and says.  It says Ryoko."
	"I know Lord Tenchi." Blinking away the tears Aeka walked away 
from him, a new smile on her lips to please the guests nervously 
waiting for her, and of course, with head held high.  And as abruptly 
as the fight had started, it was ended on Aeka's terms.

	The next forty-five minutes were spent in quiet laughter and 
reminiscing of old times.  Aeka chortled along with them, keeping short 
eye contact, if any with Ryoko and/or Tenchi.
	As the clock wound down, everyone shifted uncomfortably, knowing 
that good-byes would be coming soon.  Sasami and Mihoshi burst into 
tears as Azaka and Kamidake steered Ryu-oh over the lake, joined by a 
mournful Kiyone and Washu.
	Ryoko, desperate to end on good terms with her former enemy, 
grabbed the bags before Aeka had a chance to get near them.  "Ah-ah-
ah," the space-pirate teased, snatching Aeka's log cases from within 
their owner's reach.  "You can't leave until we apologize.  I'm sorry 
for making out with Tenchi before you left."
	"And I'm sorry that I over-reacted and tried to get him back." 
Aeka reached for the cases but Ryoko pulled them farther away.
	"YOU WHAT?!" 
	Aeka knew she had fumbled with that messy retort.  She searched 
for a better one, "I-er-eh-"
	"Naw, just kiddin!" She tossed the cases to the groveling 
princess.  "Lighten up Princess!" She dematerialized and phased back in 
next to Tenchi.  "You can't steal him away that easily," she smiled 
with satisfaction as Tenchi's arm went around her waist.  "Even if you 
can steal an apron!"
	Aeka looked back and grinned.
	"Aeka!"
	The First Princess turned to find Sasami running down the hill at 
full speed, falling into her arms.  "What is it Sasami?"
	"Here," she breathed, handing Aeka a package. "It's some of your 
favorite dishes for the ride home," 
	"Thank you." She kissed her sister on the cheek and stood 
awaiting Washu's goodbye and the Galaxy Policewomen's as well.
	"Well, well Lady Aeka!" Washu quipped holding out a strange 
little machine that had tiny antennas jutting out this way and that, 
with a screen in the middle.  "This is a little something that I 
invented.  It's a two-way communicator that allows a person to talk and 
see another person no matter what the distance is between them."  She 
bowed.  "You'll never feel alone.if you ever turn out to be."
	"Thank you Miss Washu."
	Aeka now turned to a sobbing Mihoshi and a somber Kiyone.  
	"Thank you for everything, Lady Aeka.  I only wish that we 
could've serviced you more." Following Washu's example, Kiyone bowed.
	"Yeah, thanks for putting up with my hunger and our 
homelessness."
	"Mihoshi!"
	"Oops!  Sorry."
	Aeka hid a smile behind a sleeve.  "You've done all you could do.  
I thank the both of you and will see to it that you both get 
promotions."
	"A promotion?!" Came the surprised reply.  But then the 
unexpected happened.  They both shook their heads.  "No, this watery 
wet planet that we call earth is a great sector to be in.  We don't 
wanna move." Kiyone told her.
	Aeka shrugged.  "Alright, be it so."
	Mihoshi pulled her aside.  "But, you could recommend us for a 
raise, we're having trouble with the rent."
	"MIHOSHI!  Don't you know when to stop talking you BUBBLEBRAIN?"
	"Will do." Aeka smiled.
	"Uh, Grandfather and dad both wanted to say goodbye, but dad's at 
work and Grandfather's at the shrine.  They both wish you a good trip 
and a fond, heartfelt farewell." Tenchi piped up from behind, holding 
Ryoko, who's head rested on his shoulder.
	"Alright then, it's time for me to leave."  Aeka started out to 
get closest to the ship, then waited for the green orb to surround her.  
Through the transparency she could see every one of them.  But to her 
surprise, she found Sasami clutched between Ryoko and Tenchi, who had 
let go of his girlfriend to hold her sister by the shoulders against 
both of them.  Ryoko's hands overlapped his from the side.  Yes, they 
would be good to Sasami, Aeka thought.  Already they treated her as a 
member of the family.  Aeka also knew that it would be a few weeks or 
even days before she would come back again for the wedding.  "Good bye 
all," she said aloud, waving as she felt the ship recognize her and 
take her up into it,  "Good bye."

	Sasami ran up to her room as soon as they got back to the house, 
completely exhausted from the day's events.  The worried cabbit hopped 
up the stairs behind her, clutched in her jaws a comforting carrot.
	"Well, now that that's done," Ryoko yawned, stretching out her 
arms.  "I think I'm gonna take a little soak.care to join me?" her 
finger graced his chin and ran seductively down throat and chest.
	"Ryoko you know we can't."
	She turned from the direction that she was heading and bowed 
playfully before him.  "C'mon, it's just one tiny little sit in the 
bath, what's the harm?"
Tenchi rolled his eyes, "Yes, but you like to bathe 'au naturelle', 
so,"
	"Wait, I've never been bathing with you.you were spying on us the 
whole time!" her hand went to her mouth as all of the pieces of the 
puzzle came together.
	"Well, maybe I did, but-"
	"But nothing," Ryoko continued wagging a long finger at him.  
"That means that whatever you see will come of no surprise and 
therefore no arousal-"
	"RYOKO! There's a child in this house you know, and a strict, 
customary Shinto Priest up in the Shrine,"
	"Arousal of suspicions!" she gave him a playful slap on his 
shoulder, "You didn't let me finish!"
	"But suspicions make no sense."
	Enough was enough.  Ryoko grabbed his hand and pulled him to the 
Bath door.  "Would you have rather had me say it blankly, or let you 
figure it out for yourself when the time came?"
	"Part B." 
	She pulled him closer and let her eyes do the work for her.  
"Please Tenchi, do it for me.  I'll even wear a bathing suit if you are 
really that concerned?" Tone going up an octave in appealing innocence, 
Tenchi nodded to end the discussion.
	She brushed her lips against his.  "Good, now let's go!"
	
	"Ooh, this is getting good." The dark figure leaned over the 
holographic pool, trying to get a better view.  "They are just too 
predictable."
	Her ship leaned and groaned as it raced through the galaxies and 
universes, all melding into one long white line outside her consul 
window, if she took her eyes off the screen.  She never did though, 
always watching every move the space-pirate made.  Through this simple 
action she learned of the woman's weaknesses, desires, and powers.  And 
the pirate had many of those. 
	"Particularly with that young man of hers," The woman spoke aloud 
to herself, affirming her conviction as she watched Ryoko pull a 
reluctant Tenchi into the Bath.  "I wonder if I could do that."
	"Do what?" 
	She turned to find her master standing tall and still, like a 
triumphant leader under the weight of the giant dark red cloak that 
hung down past his exposed ankles.  The straight, shoulder-blade length 
golden locks were parted down the middle of his skull. Both side 
strands were pulled before his ears and held in place by scarlet ropes 
that mingled with the rest of the tail.  The rest of his hair was free 
to fall over his shoulders and down part of his back. 
	"Master," pulling herself away from the stone consul she threw 
herself onto her knees before the man who could control her fate.  "I 
wish I could control humans the way she does."
	He raised his hand as a sign for her to rise.  "Stand.  The way 
who does?"
	Red hair tumbling out of its tight binding, the dark woman stood 
in one motion, as if she was being raised from the dead.  "Ryoko 
Masaki." She nodded in the direction of her viewing pool. 
"Yes," came his reply, casting a cold glance over in the 
direction of the stained floor where Kiyo had fallen from the burn.  "I 
can see that clearly."
 Turning to face him directly, her bright red hair flew around 
her like a velvet cloak, reaching to the floor.  "She is very powerful 
and with the Juraian as her lover, we might not be able to make it." 
Again the urgent and seriousness of the matter was reflected in her 
tone.
"Uh huh, I see what you mean," her Master was at the consul now, 
looking upon the pair splash joyfully in the dimensional Bath, "I had 
forgotten about Washu, she will be one to contend with for sure."
	"Master, I beg of you, let us abandon this quest and go home.  We 
are all very weary."  She was on her knees now, phasing out of the 
bulky armor and into nothingness, begging for him to stop.  "Master, 
please, I beg of you." she reached up and undid the rest of the knot 
that held her hair firmly in the triple braided bun on top of her head.  
Shaking her head, the red strands shimmered and fell around her naked, 
voluptuous female body.  Her large ebony eyes pleaded with him as the 
dark green eyes glazed over her curves.  
	"Call forth your sisters and let me hear their words." Eyes 
melting at the sight of his lovely creation, the Master turned away and 
shook his head.  "Do it NOW!"
	The woman, head bowed in respect, resolutely muttered the names 
of her sisters and watched with horror as they phased into their places 
next to the Master.
	Hi was the first to materialize on the arm of their handsome 
Master. "We are here!" she called gleefully, bouncing up and down, 
black hair thick as it hit her face with every jump. 
	Kaze was next, dressed in a sleazier-still variation of Hi's 
outfit.  Blinding, almost white blonde hair flowed around her, 
springing like a waterfall from the top of her head.  "What is it you 
want with us Master?" Her flighty barely blue eyes searched his then 
turned to her kneeling sister on the floor.
	"Odosuoni, would you like to tell them?"
	"Sisters, don't you agree that we should return and forget about 
this mission?"
	Hi turned to Kaze.  They both looked up at their Master for help.  
He shook his head.
	"No, we don't agree." Both sisters told her, still fawning over 
the arms of their Master.  They slid down either side of him, until 
they came to rest at his feet, clutching each leg protectively.  In 
turn, their Master patted their heads, and turned them so their ears 
pressed into the bare skin of his leg.
	"There, you see.  There is no reason to abandon this, Odosuoni."  
He stood at attention awaiting her answer.  "Sometimes I wish that I 
had created you without a conscious mind, unlike you sisters," he 
stroked each head at his side.  "I do not regret blessing them with 
abounding sympathy.  Only they aren't very sympathetic with you, are 
they?"  Laughter filled his throat and spilled out onto Hi and Kaze who 
started cackling at the top of their lungs. "Oh, well they are very 
sympathetic with me however."  Turning serious, their Master gazed deep 
into the redhead's eyes.  "Stop this forethought and get back to your 
consul at once." He rubbed his chin in quiet speculation. "Study Ryoko 
and the Juraian until your eyes hurt!"  He looked down to the sisters 
gently caressing his legs.  "And get rid of them, I have no need for 
them as of now."
	Odosuoni sighed.  "As you wish.  Ryoko and Tenchi will be watched 
closely.  I will even deal with Ryoko myself when the time comes."

	"C'mon Tenchi, what's the big deal?"
	Her love shifted in the water uncomfortably, motioning to what 
she wore.  "When you said 'Bathing suit' I assumed something else other 
than that." His eyes went over the red, ruffled two-piece suit that 
Ryoko had worn for that swimsuit competition on their way to planet 
Jurai.  Strapless it was and innocent it wasn't.
	"What?  You thought that it was going to be a one piece?"
	"YES!"
	"Okay, no need to yell Tenchi." She leaned back and supported 
herself by her elbows on the edge of the Bath.  "You could have 
specified what you wanted you know when we were discussing it, but now 
I'm wet and it's too late to change."
	"Fine, I can suffer." Tenchi played along, shoving some water 
over in her direction.
	"Aw!" Ryoko's indignant shout echoed through the room as the wave 
splashed over her breasts and went up to the dry neck.  "Thank you very 
much my love, here," she pushed a whole handful over to him and quickly 
scooted back to ward off the oncoming tidal wave.  "Have another!"  
	"Sure, if you can have seconds!" He retorted, watching with great 
satisfaction as his wave knocked her back a few inches.  
	"Oh, isn't that sweet!" Ryoko called from a few feet away.  
"Always looking after my own personal needs and wants!" With a great 
sweep of the length of her arm, a new roll of water went sailing 
directly towards him.  "Got ya!"
	After the wave had passed, he was nowhere to be seen.  Ryoko 
stood and looked over to where he had been resting.
	"Looking for someone?"
	She turned and first was relieved to see him admiring her so, 
then looked up to see what he was holding.  Bad idea.  In his hands was 
a pail of warm Bath water, which had gone cold as soon as it had been 
collected in the tin pail.  She shook her head, begging him not to do 
it, but found it was useless as he only nodded and proceeded to pour 
the water over her head.  
	"Tenchi," she sputtered, disappointed that he had taken it to 
this level.  She ran her hands through her damp hair pulling it away 
from her face and out of her eyes.  "Why did you do that?"
	"Pay back for all those times you dunked my head beneath the 
water."
	"Really now," she set her hands on her hips and stared him down 
with a playful glint in her eye.  "I thought that you might have 
matured to the point where we could set little trivial things like that 
behind us."
	"Oh, you're one to talk."
	Ryoko smiled and winked.  "Yes I am."
	Tenchi pulled her hands away from her hair and set them with his 
between their chests, pulling her closer to him.  He looked deep into 
those entrancing gold eyes, only nanoinches away from his own.  "You're 
so beautiful Ryoko.  You always have been."
	"That beauty will not go away with time you know Tenchi." She 
reminded him, rubbing her nose against his with a cute little smile on 
her lips.  "I can remain this age forever if I chose.  But since I love 
you and couldn't live without you, I think I'll age along with you."
	Tenchi shook his head.  "Oh no.  Ryoko you mustn't do that." His 
voice was a whisper;  "I don't want you to lose the rest of your life 
on account of me.  You have almost forty-two years to every earth year 
naturally."
	"I know, but if you die of old age, I want to die with you." She 
took his hand and placed it over her heart.  She smiled as the 
stiffness in his fingers relaxed and rested comfortably on her ample 
flesh.  Pressing her right hand into his, she held him there, 
transfixed by the meaning of what she had to say.  "You are the only 
man I could love.  If I lost you, I would never-"
	His lips, holding hers in captivation so that she had to abandon 
the thought of a life without him, interrupted her message.  Shutting 
her eyes tightly, Ryoko gave into his demand and leaned into it.  He 
held her up, supporting her with his hands, one under her arm, the 
other secure in the small of her back.  The hand holding his to her 
breast slid up his wet skin to hold him to her.  The other glazed 
around to his back, while his mouth held and released hers over and 
over again.
	
	"Tisk, tisk, tisk." 
	"Washu?"
	The scientist practically leapt from her stool, stationed 
directly in front of the frosted viewing window of the Bath.  The 
magenta head swung in attempt to see who had called her.  Her eyes 
rolled at the sight of the inquisitive Blonde GP woman.
	"Yes Mihoshi?"
	"What are you doing?"
	Her eyes quickly darting from the window to the clipboard in her 
hands, Washu replied, "Oh, scientific research.that's all."
	"Really?" Came the incredulous voice of the other half of the GP 
pair.  Kiyone stepped out from behind the corner, the long pale yellow 
summer dress gliding along the ground with her movement.  "I mean, if I 
didn't know any better, I would think you were spying on Tenchi and 
Ryoko.am I right?"
	Mihoshi giggled stupidly.  "Come to think of it, Washu why are 
you conducting research with these two as your subjects?"
	Leaning slightly in inquiry, Kiyone finished her walk around to 
the stool where the genius sat.  "Good question Mihoshi, now let's see 
what the answer is." Suddenly Washu was knocked out of the way by the 
partners, rushing for a glimpse through the window.
	"Hey!  I was here first ya know!" Washu grumbled, picking up her 
clipboard and gathering the lavender kimono around her.  "Speaking of 
that," she stood to her full height; which was still painfully short 
compared to the high-heeled duo.  "Why are you two here?  According to 
my data, the both of you should be about halfway home by now."
	That got their attention.  Looking over her shoulder, Mihoshi 
replied, "Well, we kinda ran out of money and so we were hoping to have 
dinner here and-"
	Anger consumed Kiyone's face, by now about an inch away from her 
partner's.  "Mihoshi!"
	"Oops!" the blonde shot a smile and hit her head with a palm.  
"Was I not supposed to mention that?"
	"YES YOU WERE!" Kiyone shook her head and sighed,  "But I suppose 
now that the cat's outta the bag," Her blue eyes flitted up to Washu in 
hope.  "Would they mind?"
	"Don't ask me." Washu turned her face away, held up her hand, and 
formed her mouth into a thin tolerant line.  "Ask Sasami, she'll be the 
one to cook if she even does tonight." 
	"Not true." Ryoko phased in opposite Kiyone, clad in a sleeveless 
form of her favorite blue and gold dress.  "I'll have to give it a try 
if I want to become a wife."
	"Well on second thought, I think we might have some rice crackers 
and instant beef broth in the apartment Mihoshi," Kiyone started, her 
eyes nervously darting from Ryoko to the kitchen and back to the 
spacepirate facing her. 
	"Hey, now." Ryoko feigned a frown.  "It just so happens that I 
lived alone, and cooked alone before I fell on this planet," She began 
walking towards the kitchen, but took a long pause before throwing over 
her shoulder, "Without Sasami."
	"Yes, but-" Kiyone tried, and then acquiesced with a tender, 
pleading look from those golden eyes.  "Fine."
	"YAY!" Mihoshi threw up her arms, whilst everyone else hunkered 
down in disappointment.  "We're going to eat!"

	Tenchi poked his head out and nervously looked around.  His mouth 
dropped when he saw the three women standing around in the living room, 
and curses coming from the kitchen.  Hoping that Sasami hadn't picked 
up any of Ryoko's habits, he walked over to the GPs and genius sprawled 
out along the couch.
	"Exactly what is going on?"
	"Oh, hi Tenchi," Kiyone yawned, rubbing her face and stretching. 
	"Well, since Sasami is not down here cooking dinner like she's 
supposed to," Mihoshi's voice raised in effort to climb the stairs and 
reach the depressed princess' ears, "Your girlfriend so generously 
offered to make something to eat for us."
	"My girlfriend?" Tenchi thought for a second then reached behind 
his head and scratched his skull in shame.  "Oh yeah!"
	"Did you forget?  Ryoko's not going to be too happy if she hears 
that you forgot already." Mihoshi taunted him.
	"DAMN IT!"
	The blonde GP glanced back up at him in victory. "See, she 
already heard." 
	Tenchi excused himself then walked into a cloud of smoke where 
the kitchen was supposed to be. 
	"Uh, Ryoko?"
	A clatter of pots and pans issued into the gritty gray smoke.  
Another curse followed and then a grunt of composure.  "Yes Tenchi, 
darling?" she replied in the sweetest tone he had ever heard.
	He coughed and through tearing eyes could see the hanging screen 
of smoke begin to dissipate, though very slowly. Once most of it had 
cleared, his eyes rested upon the figure of the cyan spiked pirate, her 
back to him, head hung in defeat or desperation; he couldn't be 
certain; arms splayed and elbows locked as she tried to ascertain just 
how to remedy the product of her efforts.  Sensing his gaze on her with 
a raise of her head, she turned around, almost shyly.  Her left cheek 
was smudged with some brown sauce, a graceful arc of flour lining her 
cheekbone on the right cheek, and sweat beads emanating from the hardly 
defined widow's peak.  Tenchi just had to smile at the innocence that 
she possessed like a child caught in the act of making a mud-pie. 
"Ryoko,"
	"Tenchi, before you start, let me just say," she flung herself at 
him, tears flying around the sides of her face.  "I HATE COOKING!" her 
head hit him at his cheek, knocking Tenchi slightly off balance. 
 He reached a hand around her shoulders as she cried out the 
anguish.
"I absolutely hate it!  I'll never be the wife that can make 
home-cooked meals or pack their children's lunches.  I'm sorry Tenchi, 
I really am!"
	"There, there." He patted her shoulders comfortingly.  Then it 
hit him.  "Wait, wife, children.Ryoko?"
	She looked up at him, the wetness shining through her golden eyes 
making her extremely cute and sweet.  "What?" She took the back of her 
hand and wiped the remaining tears away from the outer corners of her 
eyes.  "Didn't you think that,"
	He grabbed her chin between his thumb and relaxed fist.  "I'm 
only eighteen, I have to finish school, I can't possibly mar-"
	Ryoko shook her head and pushed his hand away.  Staring off into 
some unknown direction she talked aloud.  "I understand.  I've waited 
this long," 
	Tenchi started to worry.  She was drawn away from him.there was 
no telling just what she would say next.  
	Of course she didn't frighten that easily.  With a snap of her 
head, her eyes flitted up to his.  And with a coy smile on her lips she 
finished, "I can wait a few years more."
	
	Odosuoni shook her head in disgust.  "Damn it!  Two years!"
	The Master came up behind her and stared upon the couple with his 
own eyes.  "Two years of lying in wait for our prey.  Do you think it 
is possible to overcome them with a bond?"
	"With a bond they will be very powerful." Her brown eyes scanned 
the scene in the kitchen.  Ryoko's arms were around him, as were his 
around her waist.  The view shifted out to the girls in the living 
room.  At the sight of Washu she could feel the man standing behind her 
tense.  "Without it," she nodded, biting her lip.  "Yes, they will be 
very powerful still." The heat from his cloak and body left her back 
and she turned away from the pool to see him standing in the light.  
Light bathing him in its way, the pale face of her Master became rich 
and full as it had once been, before time had worn it away to reveal 
scars from battles, bloodshot eyes, and a grimace of pain.  Odosuoni 
suddenly felt very sad for her creator, who had only wanted to.she 
still didn't know what he wanted with Hi and Kaze, though she could 
speculate a guess.
	He turned, the cloak sweeping collected dust from the floor, 
which roiled up around him, shrouding his figure in temporary 
blackness.  "I say attack now, as soon as we can.  How much farther to 
M Way 7?"
	She glanced down at her wrist communicator and viewed her ship's 
current speeds.  "At this rate," her voice was low, "We'll be there in 
about six months or so." Her gaze shifted to meet his piercing one.  
"Will it suit you if I take control for awhile?  Lead the Juraian and 
Ryoko into battle?"
	Turning away, he replied, "Do as you will Odosuoni.  I am tired 
from this trip and will retire."  He began to fade away, but stopped 
when out of the corner of his mind's eye he envisioned a silver ship 
racing through the eternal night.  At its helm was the cloaked figure 
of a woman, the markings on her face and legs strange like Beruian 
Tiger stripes.  Yes, the image was crystal clear now.  One thick black 
stripe etched into the center of each leg, so that when pressed 
together they formed a dark triangle.  The markings were dark 
underneath her strong chin and continued up along and around her left 
cheek just far enough to see their two points beneath her hood.  Her 
ship screamed like a pained cat as it flew between planets and solar 
systems.  A beautiful blue planet covered in white wispy clouds shone 
bright in the ship's destination grid marked somewhere in M Way 7.
	"Master?"
	Odosuoni's voice dragged him from out of the trance.  "Odosuoni, 
set the weapons and make ready for an attack.  My Sight has told me 
that we will have a visitor soon.one that we haven't expected, nor 
planned for."
	The woman nodded her head and running back to the consul, set the 
weapon system at ready just in case any ship came within a one hundred-
mile radius; they would be blasted into dust.
	His warning taken, the Master returned to phasing out.  But one 
thing remained in his head.  He spoke it and shuddered.  "Well, well.  
The bounty hunter has come for her prey, perhaps we'll have her on our 
side for a change."  With that, he disappeared, leaving the weary 
Odosuoni to ponder the identity of the enemy close at hand. 
	           
	 "Two months," Ryoko muttered under her breath as she flipped 
through the calendar.  Her gaze went to the cabbit resting on her 
stomach.  "Only two months have gone by Ryo-ohki!  How much more can a 
girl take?!"
	"Meow, meow."
	"I know, 'you don't know'.  Of course you wouldn't know, you've 
never been in love!" 
	The cabbit's lower lip quivered and she let out a small 'woe is 
me' cry.  Covering her face with her paws, she continued to sob out 
little cabbit tears.
	"Oh, excuse me!" Ryoko testily replied, a hand fluttering to her 
throat.  "I had forgotten that you had!  With Ken-ohki of all guys."
	"Me-ow, me-ow!"
	She stared back into the big yellow eyes of the cabbit.  "Sorry!" 
she drawled, holding her hands up in defense.  "But you know you just 
have to get over him, I mean it was at least a year ago that you saw 
him last.  Maybe he's moved on."
	Ryo-ohki shot her a look that made even Ryoko draw back from the 
very idea that such a thing could happen.  "Forget I even mentioned it, 
'kay?" 
        	"Meow, meow."

	Ken-ohki's ears raised as he hopped onto the alien ship, his 
master following warily.
	"What is it," Nagi looked down to the fluffy white cabbit at her 
boot.  "Do you hear something?"
	They both looked up as footfalls started in the shadows and 
became increasingly louder.  Withdrawing her whip, Nagi made ready with 
Ken-ohki hissing, hackles raised in alarm, splayed out on his legs 
before her.
	The footfalls stopped abruptly.  Somewhere in the shadows a man's 
voice echoed through the possible halls.  "Put down your weapon my 
lady, we mean you no harm."
	Not about ready to take orders from anyone, the bounty hunter 
replied, "Who is we?"
	The Master stepped out with Odosuoni aside him, hand on her hip.  
"We are Odosuoni," he gestured to his red haired creation, "and-"
	"Stop right there," her pointer went up and she took a step back, 
forming that triangle on her legs as the Master had foreseen.  "I know 
exactly who you are," the finger went down as went the hood over her 
head.  "Though I don't understand why you are here.  Oh well, no 
matter.  I try to stay out of the affairs of Galaxy Police anyway."  
She cocked a faded blue brow.  "What do you want with me?"
	"We want nothing of you my dear." The Master turned his head 
slightly as if to make better eye contact with the cloaked woman.  "We 
are both merely after the same prize, you and I."
	"What, adventure, money, personal fulfillment?"
	"No," The Master's voice grew dark and uncertain, not to mention 
slow.  "A certain.pirate?"
	Nagi could feel her eyes widen and jaw open in surprise.  Quickly 
checking herself, she pulled the hood over her head and resumed the 
part that she had grown to love to play.  "And who would that be?" As 
if she didn't already know.
	"I won't tell you until you can say for certain that we may join 
forces and claim the same prize together." His teeth gleamed in a 
maniacal grin.
	"I would like to know just what I am working for first." Nagi 
replied coolly, taking a cautious step forward.
	"Well, be it so.  We understand that you've dedicated your life 
to find this one.  She's very sly and very slick as I'm sure you know.  
And the only one to escape your capture.very interesting.
	"But onto more important things.  Ryoko, the space-pirate, is our 
prize."
	"I had taken her for dead," Nagi mumbled to herself, then hung 
her head in repent.  "How very foolish." Her shoulders shook as she 
laughed off her blunder.
	"So then you know just how powerful she is."
	"Yes, I do." Her head went up to meet both gazes.  "And what of 
the others?"
	"Ah, yes," Feeling her comfort level increase, The Master began 
to move in.  He started to walk around to her, remembering just how 
dangerous and unpredictable a bounty hunter could be.  "Then you know 
of Washu," A screen suddenly appeared from out of the darkness, 
carrying the genius' image.  "Yosho," Grandfather's visage appeared 
next to the 2D Washu.  "First Princess Aeka," the First Princess, with 
head bowed in respect faded in next to her distant relative's.  "First 
Class Galaxy Police detectives Kiyone and Mihoshi," the duo appeared, 
Mihoshi crowding her partner out of the shot, flashing a peace sign 
that took up the whole frame.  "Ryo-ohki," Ken-ohki let out a little 
meow of approval and gave a longing look to the picture.  "Second 
Princess Sasami," The bright pink eyes of the youngest member of the 
House of Jurai shone out from under the light blue spray of bangs.  
"Tenchi,"
	"Oh," Nagi commented as the frame of Ryoko's man appeared next to 
the young Princess.  "Yes, I do remember him."
	"Good," The Master smiled.  "So much the better." He turned back 
to the existing screens.  "Then here's his love and our girl,"
	Nagi stared at the Ryoko screen.  It was a fairly recent picture, 
her eyes told it all.  The engagement ring she flashed was a simple 
gold band that which, when held close to her eyes as it was now, 
reflected their flaxen color.  Holding herself back, Nagi nodded and 
blinked.  "Yes, that's Ryoko all right." Allowing a smile to penetrate 
her lips, Nagi bent her right knee and relaxed a bit.  "Though the ring 
is a surprise."
	"That's why we need your help."  The Master drew near now, 
Odosuoni still silhouetted against the contrast of shadow and 
spotlight.  "When we started on this quest, we hadn't taken into 
account that the most powerful being.had a Juraian lover.  We could 
have handled her easily enough, but now Tenchi's powers are increasing 
in strength each day.  Soon they will be most powerful.I have foreseen 
it."
	"So what does this little match for power have to do with me?"
	"Everything.  You know more about Ryoko than anyone else.  If 
they are allowed to have a bond, that being will complete their powers, 
making that individual unstoppable."
	Nagi stopped him.  "A bond.don't you mean a child?"
	"It will be a bond of power, that's all we're concerned about.  
For about nine months Ryoko will be close to powerless; the child 
within her consuming some energy as it develops.  Tenchi will be weak 
as well.  It will be the perfect time to strike them down.  But, if we 
attack now, they will be strong enough to battle.perhaps overcome with 
four against nine.  But out of those, only five will be assisted 
through powers."
	"And if I take out Ryoko, then it's only four against four 
really.  It seems quite fair."
	"Good, then you'll do it?" 
	Nagi turned her head solemnly.  "No."
	"WHAT?!" Both Odosuoni and her master exclaimed in rage.
	"I will not allow anyone else to hunt down Ryoko.  That is my 
job."
	"Right, and we're letting you do your job!" The Master's hands 
went up in frustration.  "Just take her out and we'll take care of the 
rest.  I have three very powerful beings of my own, created with the 
same powers and more so like Ryoko's.  They are all ready and willing 
to die for me."
	"Very well, but I want to know just why you need to take out 
Ryoko and her man.  For what purpose do their deaths serve you?"
	"Come," finally within a breath of her, The Master reached a hand 
out, grasped her gloved hand in his and carefully pulled it and its 
owner over into the shadows, through the screens of characters.  "Let 
us speak in private."
	The three departing into the shadows, Ken-ohki was left staring 
at the Ryo-ohki screen.
	"Sow," he mumbled quietly and hopped off after his master.

	The snowy screen cleared to see Ryoko's shining face.  With a 
sigh, the First Princess of Jurai flopped down on her lavish crushed 
velvet comforter and propped her chin up on a fist.  "Miss Ryoko," Aeka 
began testily.  "You know that your calls always come at inopportune 
moments.  Why must you even bother?"
	The space pirate glared at her, the golden eyes becoming slits.  
"Oh, stop being a princess with 'duties' and just be a normal woman for 
once!"  Her hands clasped together and up at her throat, Ryoko begged.  
"Washu's locked herself up in the lab again, Tenchi's at school, 
Sasami's at school, Ryo-ohki's acting really strange, Mihoshi and 
Kiyone are on duty.I'M ALL ALONE!"
	"You really must be lonely if you're calling me." Aeka shook her 
head in disbelief and stifled a chuckle. 
	"Exactly!  I'm even calling Miss Royal Pain in the Ass.  No 
offense."
	"None taken."
	Back on Earth, Ryoko lounged in her old room.  She smiled.  
"Anyway, I just wanted to see how you're fairing back on Jurai."
	"I'm doing just fine Miss Ryoko, thank you." Aeka smiled in turn. 
"But I must say that I still can't believe you and Lord Tenchi didn't 
start your lives together sooner."
	Rolling those golden corneas of hers, the space pirate blew out a 
long stream of air that ruffled the cyan pseudo bangs.  "Same here.  
But in a way we already are, I mean we've spent every waking and 
sleeping moment with each other when the other is at home.  It's almost 
as if we've been married for years," her voice went up an octave in her 
little fashion.  "But, we still have a year and a half to go before,"
	"Anything can happen?" Aeka supplied with a wink.
	"Hey now," Ryoko levitated far and away from the communicator 
with a warning finger.  "I know that you were thinking the exact same 
things not two years ago, so you can't just go assuming whatever little 
things that you want to assume.  I've been very respectful of Tenchi's 
wishes and he wishes for our love to be pure when we take our vows." 
She could feel the heat rise in her cheeks.  "And believe me, eighteen 
months cannot come soon enough."
	By now the communicator's sound amplifiers were filled with 
Aeka's laughter, which was in anything but pity for her friend.  "This 
is just too funny!"
	Ryoko turned and stared at the viewing screen.  "Well I'm happy 
to see that you're getting such a kick out of my little predicament!"
	"No!  It's not that it's just that you, the infamous Ryoko who 
couldn't wait for a minute, much less an hour to be alone with Tenchi 
now has to wait a year and a half!"
	"Actually, if you must know, it'll be more like four years." 
Ryoko shook her head, clearing her mind.  Raising her hand she blew out 
an adolescent fireball forming in her palm.  "Damn it.  I'm getting 
more excitable these days."
	"It comes from getting older my dear," Aeka cackled over the 
communicator. 
	"Aeka please," Ryoko pleaded feeling the power tingle and flow 
from the tips of her fingers.  "I'm warning you."
	"Warn Miss Washu, she'll be the one to fix the communicator." The 
First Princess retorted hotly.
	"Aeka!" Ryoko raised her hands together, locked elbows and sent 
the ball flying into Aeka's red face. 
	On Jurai, Aeka kept on laughing as the screen went dark.  "Poor 
Ryoko, she really does have a fiery temper." Pausing, she ended the 
silence with a giggle at her clever pun.  She then rolled over on her 
side and from there raised herself off the soft bed and onto the cold 
floor.  Cringing, she proceeded to the luxurious window seat that faced 
the never- ending grounds of the Palace of Jurai.  Below her was the 
first half of the hedge maze and looking only a little farther she 
could see the sparkling waters of the secret fountain at the heart of 
the maze.  Farther still, were the forests of trees upon trees upon 
trees.  The very trees that gave her comfort while on earth.  
	"Princess Aeka!"
	Aeka shifted from her comfortable position and leaned forward to 
see her inquisitor at the door.  "Yes, who is it?  Azaka?  Kamidake?"
	"Both, Princess." Azaka replied, and suddenly the two Guardians 
appeared in her doorway, usually cheery faces now sullen and worrisome. 
 "May we speak with you a moment?" Kamidake gently approached.  
"It's of the utmost importance."
"Yes of course," Aeka got up and slipped on a cream, floor-length 
robe with gold stitchings around the sleeves, neck, and hem.  Slipping 
on the golden curled-toed slippers, she nodded to the two gentlemen 
awaiting her and closed the door after them.
The halls were barren; the only sounds that dared to echo through 
the halls were their low voices and footfalls.
Keeping her eyes straight ahead, the First Princess quickened her 
pace so that she walked abreast with the two guardians. "So, what is 
this about?"
          Azaka bowed his head in respect.  "There was an exchange of 
fire somewhere outside the checkpoint.  Three ships were 
destroyed.including Ryu-oh."
	Aeka could feel the beats pounding in her temples, but kept 
silent until both of the Guardians stopped in mid-stride.
	"Princess Aeka?  We're sure you are shocked, but a seed was saved 
in the blast."
	She breathed a sigh of relief and thought to inquire just who 
deserved one million Jurai for keeping her precious Ryu-oh safe and 
sound.  Then, upon stopping, Aeka could feel some Jurai energy surging 
beneath the apathetic surface.
	With a snap of her head in the direction of the elder Guardian, 
Aeka demanded, "Just who had the gall to destroy a grand Ship of 
Jurai?"
	Azaka bowed respectively and sadly replied, "The report hasn't 
come through the hyperlinks yet."
	"That is why we summoned you." Kamidake chimed in.  "The 
information center should be buzzing by now with the damage reports."
	Taking a deep, healing breath, Aeka closed her eyes.  Opening 
them after a long pause, she started walking down the dark hall, 
determined and renewed, with the Guardians following every step.

	Snuggled into his shoulder, his body taught and warm from working 
in the carrot patch, air whistling in and out through nostrils; oh yes, 
Ryoko could easily lie like this forever.
	She lifted her left hand up, straightened her arm, and admired 
the engagement ring from afar.  It had a sweet simplicity to its 
color.huh its color.  Tenchi had said it reminded him of her eyes.a 
fact that Ryoko treasured to this day.  Reality became a memory of that 
wonderful day the ring had been slipped onto her finger.  
	'I know it's simple, and I didn't have very much money at the 
time, but,'
	Ryoko's interest was peaked.  It had been awhile since they had 
talked of marriage, since the "Great Cooking Disaster," as they all 
fondly called it.  Tenchi had later made up for the wait by inviting 
her to spend the night with him every night thereafter.  And ever since 
then, Ryoko had figured it was a matter of time before a certain little 
velveteen box made its official appearance.  
	Disappointments had come and gone.  All had been tiny; oh what 
they could've been.  Instead, she had happily received a watch, an 
aquamarine pendant, a matching ring, and earrings.  Now she was just 
hoping that it wasn't a tiny aquamarine bracelet to complete the set.  
All gifts had began the same way from their giver, " Now I know it's 
simple, and I didn't have very much money at the time, but," So it 
really didn't surprise her when he started the same way as he always 
did.  But when that black, velveteen box, cupped so lovingly in his 
palm, was brought in her field of vision, Ryoko knew that this had to 
be it.
	As the hinges squeaked open, she caught her breath.  Just in time 
too, for Tenchi had a speech all planned out.  'From the very first 
moment I saw you, lying there beside the lake, something inside me 
clicked.  Then, when you sipped the water, coughed and opened your 
beautiful eyes, something inside me reeled back in premonition to the 
feeling I would be feeling now.' That blush highlighted his cheeks and 
she once more saw the visage of the unsure sixteen-year-old that burned 
in her memory. 'But I know what I mean when I say that I love you and I 
couldn't imagine then what I still can't bear to think of now.a life 
without you, Ryoko.'
	Still as clear as the rain that started to fall just now as she 
lay on the couch, supported by her beloved's shoulder, she could recite 
his whole proposal word for word, action for action.  Parting her lips, 
she began aloud, "Ryoko, I've lost you too many times before.  Once, I 
thought I had lost you for good," she paused to wipe the corners of her 
eyes with a tip of a finger as he had only eight months ago.  "One time 
is enough for me, I never want to lose you again."
	Ryoko wasn't startled when she heard the familiar voice out of 
the corner of her hearing from her living pillow.  "And you said, 
'You'll never lose me again'."
	Tenchi shifted and stretched to reach her left hand.  He brought 
it up in his right, and folded them across Ryoko's breast.
	Turning her head, she caught his big brown eyes.  "And you won't.  
After all, you can't get rid of me that easily."
	 He laughed which spread a smile across her lips.  "I wouldn't 
want to try."  His face gravitated toward hers and as their lips 
touched, thunder rumbled outside.  Sheets of rain pelted the Misaki 
house.  Lightning zigzagged across the sky, struck an old, dead 
Camellia tree.  A Banshee's wail echoed through the hills, her nails 
rapped against the living room window.  Another cry escaped her as the 
light brown eyes beheld the display of true love.  Speeding to the 
Shrine, she stopped in front of Yosho's dwelling.
	Grandfather lifted his head to her plaintive wails and pounds.
	"I'm coming Haruna."  He discommoded himself from his meditation, 
and as he walked to answer the door, he heard a simple, "Ahem."
	"Izuki, please don't be jealous.  I'll see both of you soon."
	"Apparently not soon enough," his late wife replied with a huff.  
She stood afloat in her favorite Kimono that had been buried with her.  
"Dearest, why?"
	"My time is served.  Tenchi is on his way with his own dearest, 
and the future, though not totally cleansed of evil, is on its way to 
being so.  I have lived a hard life."
	"Though it wasn't totally devoid of its happy times." 
	Grandfather now watched Achika phase in, next to her mother in 
the same heavenly glow.  "Father, please, give careful consideration of 
what you're planning to do."
	"My daughter, wife, and past love all call me to join them.  
Confusion is the last thing I'm worried about.  My service has ended as 
mentor and guardian.  It is my time to rest."
	A third ghost from his past manifested herself in the center 
between Achika and Izuki.  Haruna wore her favorite white cloak.  
Rumpled ebony hair fell past her shoulders, with Camellia blossoms 
braided into the strands.  "Kind Yosho.  I found a way in."
	Izuki sniffed in contempt and Achika quickly sought to comfort 
her mother with a half embrace.  "Father, just consider it for my son's 
sake."
	Lord Katsuhito sat down, rubbing his temples like an indecisive 
adolescent.  "For once in my life I don't know what to do."
	Haruna knelt beside him, brows knitted in concern.  "Now that's 
just not true.  You have always known what to do inside, even if the 
outside doesn't carry out any of the commands."  
	"They may still have need of you yet Katsuhito." Izuki lilted in 
a soothing tone.  
"And when she says 'them', we mean the Misaki children that will 
succeed their parents as some of the most powerful beings on earth." 
Achika smiled solemnly.
"And in their known and unknown universe." The kneeling woman at 
his side finished the projected future for Achika.  "Please consider 
all that we have presented and told you tonight before you step through 
that door on my arm." Haruna whispered in her angelic voice.
"Love you father!"
"Always my dearest."
"Till we meet again, Yosho."
Abruptly as they had all appeared, they were gone, leaving 
Grandfather with his head in hands.  Then with that same head held 
high, he sat upon the futon and began his meditation period once more, 
completely unscathed by the discussion that would've changed and erased 
many lives had he decided to step through the door and into the many 
welcoming arms of death.

	His mouth began to burn beneath hers.
	"Jurai energy." Ryoko mumbled in surprise and dismay.  Settling 
back into her place slumped against his shoulder; she touched her lips 
to feel their own warmth.  "Ouch!"
	Chuckling, Tenchi reached a hand to the back of his neck.  "Yeah, 
I guess I'm taking a Jurai growth spurt of sorts.  I would've thought 
you had noticed last night."
	"I don't notice much when I'm in the same bed as you," she shot 
over her shoulder.  "I thought you would've noticed that."
	Things could change.  She could be wearing an engagement ring, 
kissing his lips, sleeping secure in his arms, but that same tone would 
forever haunt their discussions.  
"Oh Ryoko." 
It wasn't that she minded that he would use that tone and 
expression with an eye roll to complete the mix.  Yet, she kind of 
wished that he would use it along with 'I love you', or 'you'll never 
change.'  Till then, she was satisfied and quite content to hear him 
say her name over and over again.
"Anyway, it was unseasonably cold last night and I thought that 
you were just warm and cuddly as you always are."
That blush.  "Thanks for the compliment."
Swinging her legs over the back of the couch, and crossing her 
arms while the world went upside down, Ryoko began, "Tenchi?"
"Yes?"
"How many more months.really?"
She could sense his discomfort on this subject that was 
relatively recent in their day-to-day routine.  Especially when he 
started with a shift of his own.  "Well, my graduation is in a year.  
My nineteenth birthday is coming up."
In her excitement, Ryoko phased out and reappeared floating in 
the air above him.  "And that would mean.?" Disappearing once more, she 
phased in on his lap with arms about his neck.  Her sweet golden eyes 
blinked up at him in endearment.
His brown eyes twinkled in mischief; something that was also 
relatively new to their day-to-day routine.  "I'm thinking that it will 
be before the wedding."
"Wow."
"When the time is right Ryoko, I promise."  He stood up to watch 
the rain fall harder than it had ever fallen against the roof, trees, 
splash down on the lake, in the whole of Okayama.  Walking over to the 
transparent sliding glass doors, he stopped and turned back to his 
fiance watching him.  He nodded questioningly.  After a moment, she 
smiled and floated to his side.  "I respect your decisions Tenchi.  But 
until that moment." Her fingers stroked the sides of his face before 
clasping together at the back of his neck.  The lights went out in a 
strike of mighty Zeus' bolt.  Only two pairs of eyes, bodies 
illuminated by other flashes striking the hillsides out beyond their 
safe haven, shone like dying embers in the heat of fire.  
"Ryoko," Tenchi breathed in her ear before she raised them both 
in the air as she had done so many months ago.  They spun in midair, 
the stereo suddenly alive with soft melodies, hard and acoustic at the 
same time.  Darkness all around, they sought the other ones precious 
touch of hand against hip, arms around neck, cheek against cheek, and 
soul given to soul.  
"Dance with me Tenchi," Ryoko pleaded, her white eyes searching 
his.  In answer, his body began to sway. Giving into it, her motions 
followed his. It was the perfect moment that anyone could ever share.  
Bodies so tight together, yet a drift in unabridged space.  
"This is the perfect moment that I've dreamed of," he whispered, 
drawing her back by the arm as she had flown a short distance from him.  
"The moment?" Ryoko asked quizzically in a sexy tone that 
surfaced quite 
unexpectedly.
	"I know what I just said, but with you here, in my arms," his 
lips penetrated hers, which eagerly opened to his advances.  
 She drew away, "Are you sure?"
"Positive.  Are you?"
She stifled inappropriate laughter.  "Tenchi, please.  I want to 
keep the laughter to 
an absolute minimum and keep the love at an absolute maximum."
	His eyes were bright as he asked, "Would you mind?" as he 
gestured to their floating position.
	Ryoko nodded softly and Tenchi could feel her teleportation 
process take over both bodies.  In a bright flash of light, they were 
lying on his futon, the whole three years becoming but a distant 
memory.  Those memories shuffled through each head as their worlds 
became less and less alien and more familiar.  It was a release, as the 
need became passion, as the tears melded with sweat, and as passion 
drifted from curiosity to want and back to fervent love once again.  It 
was just as she had imagined, Tenchi lying over her, staring down into 
her eyes, mesmerized by their reflections of him shining back into 
their searcher.  It was even better than could ever be imagined though.
	Even though he was sure he had made the correct choice long 
before this moment, Tenchi's heart thudded harder and louder as he 
loved her.  The way she held him, the way her hot breath shot like 
bullets into his face.  Ecstasy just didn't describe all the emotions 
that came with every look, every sound, every feeling as her very soul 
coursed through his.  Even as she lay over him, running a solitary 
fingertip from his shoulder down his arm, and to his fingertip, he lay 
awake to feel her say his name over and over again.  This was the way 
that it should have always been.
	As the storm passed, the bright sun's rays shone down through an 
open window.  Their light grazed a mound of blankets.  Secure in the 
arms of their loved one, safe from the unwelcome solar spotlight, 
Tenchi and Ryoko slept soundly, reassured that their love would last 
for eternity.
	
"Oh my glorious Ma-ster!" Odosuoni sang out jovially.  Her voice 
echoed throughout her ship, alerting the one she sought to her newest 
discovery.  
	Phasing in next to her by the ancient stone consul, he asked in 
no tone in particular, "Just what is it Odosuoni? Did you discover that 
you could sleep with your eyes open.staring at that Space Pirate's 
every move right?"
	"No!" She threw herself on her knees as was proper, and flashed a 
smile that could kill.  "Those horny bastards did it! I was expecting 
it to come soon, but not this soon." She shook her head and took a 
breath.  "Anyway, now's the time to attack right?"
	The Master shook his head solemnly in response.  "I'm afraid not. 
I can't sense a bond between them.  But we should send Nagi down there 
to lure her out into space."  He began to pace in front of the consul.  
"We can at least wound her before our big battle."  He motioned to each 
of his sides and the slow appearance of Hi and Kaze took place.  They 
floated in the air, each wearing an iridescent red robe that fell to 
the ground about six and a half feet below them.  Heads resting on each 
shoulder, they stared down at their sister with apathy, for they had no 
emotions to give.
      	"Hi and Kaze will now join you now, but will not help with 
the termination of Ryoko and Tenchi." His gaze turned to each lovely 
head lolling about on opposite sides of him.  "They will merely be 
looking over your shoulder, watching you as you have watched Ryoko for 
these many months.  Learning from your mistakes, they will either take 
the place of you, my greatest creation, or join you in a Masterly 
Triumvirate."  The Master closed his eyes as he continued on with the 
plan.  "Odosuoni, 'threatening devil'," With a wave of his hand the 
other sisters were gone and the Master stood alone with his servant.  
"I chose you to begin this project for one good reason," his tone 
shifted to a gentler, soft, almost friendly version of his twisted mind 
and voice.  "You are blessed with the power to feel.  Emotions run 
rampant in your skull alone.  Once this body is spent, your mind; 
complete with memories and lessons, will be absorbed into Hi's.  She 
will continue our quest if it isn't completed by the end of this coming 
year." He paused and stared briefly into her ember-brown eyes.  "I'm 
pleased to see that you're taking this so well, even if it means the 
very death of you must be imminent to continue this fight for evil."
	"I've had a good run." Odosuoni could barely breathe.  "So then, 
I am the only one out of this threesome that has her capabilities." She 
stared at her palms that now burned painlessly with red energy.
	"Making you the most formidable foe, yes." Was his arrogant 
answer.
	Standing to her full height and letting the triple bun slide from 
its binding, she shook her head and let the auburn tresses fall down to 
the floor. "I will fight then."
	"Yes." With that he faded away to whatever cave or grand palace 
he resided in on the opposite side of the universe.  His voice still 
lingered.  "Call upon Nagi and send her to earth."

	Nagi squatted in the bushes beside the Masaki house.  Oh sure, 
she knew that she could easily walk into the shaded, three story 
building sitting so temptingly before her.  She had done so much for 
the band of misfits during the Jurai upheaval that only welcomes would 
utter from their mouths, not death-threats.  Hell, she could even go 
straight to Ryoko's room and find her well prepared for a fight.
	Ken-ohki strained in her arms.  "Sit still." She ordered, turning 
her head to meet the little cabit's and with a regretful "Sow," he 
consented to her whim.
	The sliding door opened and closed.  Swinging her head back up to 
the porch, she held her breath.  "A walking ghost," escaped her in a 
whisper.
	There she was, the infamous Space Pirate Ryoko.  The most famed 
criminal in the known universe.the most daring.so very cunning.the one 
who was revered by such lowly criminals as gangsters and thieves as 
well as high rolling gamblers and powerful lords.  Here she was, on 
such a tiny speck of dust in the universe as Earth, wearing a simple, 
but appealing yellow dress, and doing such a mundane task as hanging up 
the laundry nonetheless!

	Ryoko thought she heard a snicker in the bushes.  Turning she 
caught sight of a light brown down of fluff protruding through the 
green hedge.  She caught herself with the realization that the fluff 
was indeed fur.fur that belonged to Ken-ohki!
	Returning to the basket of wet laundry, she called, "Alright 
Nagi, c'mon out."
	The bounty hunter rose noiselessly.  "Damn it." She swore beneath 
her breath and drew back her hood.  "You're alive."
	"You were thinking I was dead?" Ryoko cocked a brow, widened her 
eyes dumbfounded.  The lips peeled back to shining, laughing teeth.  
"Nagi!  Shame on you!"
	"May I remind you that the last time I saw you, you were flying 
away out to save your man with a lethal wound in your side." She came 
to stand directly behind the space pirate, who was busily pinning wet 
clothes to a line.  
	"And may I remind you, that you've known me for at least five 
hundred years now.  I don't give up that easily, even if it's on my own 
survival." Her shoulders shook with uncontrollable laughter.  "I can't 
believe that you thought I was dead!"
	Crossing her arms defensively over her breast and rolling her 
eyes, Nagi replied, "Given the circumstances I can't believe that you 
made it to the palace.apparently."  Her gaze shifted to the ring on her 
prey's left hand.  Nodding to the adornment she acknowledged, "That's 
new."     
	Ryoko stopped in the middle of pinning up one of Tenchi's camp-
shirts.  "Uh, yeah."  Color came to her cheeks.
	Nagi feigned surprise.  "I've never seen you blush before Ryoko."
	The cyan spiked woman before her turned around fully to face her 
enemy.  "I've never been engaged before Nagi." Was her court reply.
	"You understand why I've come here."
	"It's no big mystery."  Flew over the Space-pirate's shoulder.  
"You've always lost to me and now you want to win." Hands upon hips, 
Ryoko turned with that same cocked brow and a wickedly fierce smile.  
"I was the only one who ever escaped you."
	The other woman turned her face sharply up to the defiant one.  
"True, but you forget Ryoko, that I have always been able to track you 
down as before."
	"Fine Nagi.  If that's the way you want it, then we can settle it 
right now." Her back turned, Ryoko rose up into the sky and turned back 
on the bounty hunter, arms raised, elbows locked, and teeth bared for 
attack.
	"However-" Nagi interjected, causing the battle grin to fade 
abruptly from Ryoko's face.
	"Huh?"
	"I'm afraid that that won't be possible." taking a few steps up 
onto the porch she continued, "For you see, I won't be the one to kill 
you now."
	Calming down, and touching back down on the porch beside her 
enemy, Ryoko crossed her arms over her chest.  "What do you mean?  I 
thought all these centuries of pent-up frustration would make you lunge 
for my neck the second you saw me." 
	"It does." Nagi growled and drew her lance.  Ryoko bounded back, 
ready for action.  "But unfortunately," Nagi went on despite the 
threat, "I can't.  I can however battle you for as long as it takes."
	"Battle?" A right hand fluttering to her throat in feigned 
indignation, Ryoko started, "What about 'capture', 'kill', or 'maim'?"  
	Nagi's voice went down an octave in tensing anger.  "I don't need 
to repeat myself, now do I?  Fine.  I can't kill you because someone 
else will.  There, you satisfied?"
	"ME?!" The woman in the yellow dress shrieked, throwing her hands 
up.  "Why me?"
	Nagi shook her head and sheathed her lance.  "Look Ryoko.  I tell 
you this only because you are my mouse that I torment.  I don't want to 
see another cat play with your mind and chase you down while I stand 
idle."  Her red eyes darted sharply up to Ryoko's mystified gold ones.  
"There is a far greater cat chasing you down as we speak.  You are his 
prey now, and be on guard."
	Ryoko, sensing that Nagi summoned all the courage and effort to 
warn her of the "cat", nodded slowly and mumbled a simple.  "Right."
	"Then my job is done.  He thinks that I've come here to lure you 
into battle." She sloughed off a coarse laugh, then turned back to her 
bounty.  "But he has underestimated my will and loyalty to a friend."
	Ryoko looked up in surprise. "Friend?" she repeated.  "You see me 
as a friend?"
	Breathing heavily Nagi shook her head.  "A friend that is only a 
friend because I need her later.to chase."
	"The thrill of the hunt, eh Nagi?"
	"Yes Ryoko."
	As if nothing had happened for the past half-hour, the soon to be 
Misaki bride turned back to her chore at hand and again began to hang 
various and assorted clothes on the line.  
	"Shall we call a temporary truce?" Ryoko smiled as she reached to 
secure one of Sasami's jeans to the rope.  
	"Haven't we already?"
	"Stay for awhile then.my friend.  Until I have use for you."

	Yawning, Tenchi walked through the wide doorway of the Misaki 
house.  His eyes barely open; slipping off his shoes on the welcome 
mat; the nineteen year old wandered aimlessly to the couch.  Shrugging 
off the heavy leather backpack, he toppled onto the soft pile of 
cushions and giving comforter.  He barely felt his fiance rise from 
beneath into his exhausted embrace.
	"Tenchi darling," she purred into his ear, "We're all alone." her 
nose nuzzled his, her lips brushing lightly against the coarse, dry-
cracked ones.  
	"Not quite." Nagi, though having heard Ryoko's man come home; and 
having some concept of exactly what was on her friend's, (At least for 
now.) mind, she continued on her present course to the kitchen from the 
stairs.  "Please, pause until I leave the room,"
	Glaring up in the direction of the exiting bounty hunter, Tenchi 
raised himself off of his beloved and stretched.  "Exactly why is Nagi 
here anyway?" he questioned through a yawn.  "I mean we spent the 
entire time in space dodging her every move and now she's become a 
resident in our household."
	"I've tried to explain it to you before.but I guess you weren't 
paying attention when I'm-" She knew just what to do to regain her hold 
on him.  Running her tongue enticingly over her upper row of teeth and 
stretching so thinly over the couch, her golden eyes sparkling behind 
the tousled cyan bangs.  "Well, you know."
	With his trademark blush, Tenchi smiled sheepishly and nodded, 
"Yes, I know.  It's hard to focus my attentions on anything else but 
you."
	"Really?" Ryoko shot both her bare legs into the air and let them 
fall crossed on the head cushion of the couch.  "Well, now since your 
reawakened," she phased out and materialized next to him, "Nagi's here 
because apparently I'm a wanted woman."
	"So it's not just me?" Tenchi piped up sleepily, again through a 
yawn.
	Leaning on his shoulder as she had done so many times before, the 
Space Pirate drew little circles on his chest with a fingertip.  "Uh 
huh.  There's something out there that wants me dead."
	Suddenly the fading light in his black eyes brightened like the 
birth of a supernova.  All developing muscles tensed, and his head 
turned to meet hers.  "They'll have to go through me first Ryoko."  He 
swore as his hands clasped her shoulders to further demonstrate that 
this was serious.  "You didn't tell me that before did you?"
	"Well, no." Her head turned endearingly.  "I thought it might 
spoil the mood."  She shook herself from his grasp and turned away.  
"Besides, I've lived alone for seven hundred years and apparently I've 
been able to survive by myself."
	"Look," Tenchi reached for her wrist and found it.  "We've never 
faced something that we couldn't conquer.  But now, with Nagi involved, 
I'm not so sure."
	"You can't tell me that you're really taking this seriously?" She 
turned around hands splayed to display the freely flowing energy 
coalescing into a ball in the palm of her hands.  "Tenchi, if I'm not 
the least bit worried and making jokes about my own death, then you 
shouldn't be." She blew each ball out before setting her hands at her 
hips.
	With a roll of his eyes, he brought her close, so close that her 
nose touched with his.  "I love you.  I can't help that.  I don't know 
what I would do without you.  If I lost you-" he swallowed hard and 
Ryoko was surprised to see tears seep from the corner of his eyes, "I 
want us to die together if anything should happen."
	"Oh Tenchi,"
	"Say that you'll treat this with some grain of it being true."
	With a silent nod, Ryoko whispered, "Okay," before being cut off 
by a soft, tender kiss.
	Nagi, carrying a tray of carrot soup and some fresh orange 
vegetables along with it, stepped into the room at that exact minute.  
"Oh brother," she kept on walking, but her words hit the lovers' ears 
as if she had come, stood next to them, and berated them personally.  
"Aren't you two the engaged stereotypes.  Can't keep their hands off 
each other for one second." 
	"True, all too true." They said simultaneously before Ryoko 
phased out in Tenchi's embrace to their room.
	
	"Washu?"
	The genius looked up from the electron modulator that had been 
her focus for the past four months now.  "Yes, who is it?"  Still 
pondering the owner of the voice, she adjusted the atom-magnifying lens 
attached to her sunglasses and leaned in expectantly towards the 
writhing mass of shiny metal tubes.
	"Washu-uuu!"
	Not turning around for all the power and scientific know how in 
the world, Washu simply yelled, "Wha-aaat?"
	"It's time for dinner!" Came Sasami's plaintive cry from the 
Masaki doorway.  "Aren't you hungry?"
	The genius stopped in mid gearshift only to ignore her stomach's 
angry growl of hunger.  "No," she called back, hoping that the little 
ten-year old didn't prepare what she thought she smelled.  "Not even if 
it's-"
	"But it is!"
	Oh no!  Washu thought bitterly.  I can't leave this project!  
It's just my greatest invention ever in my whole career of being a 
genius.  When I finish.oh then the glory will shine down on me.
In her mind's eye, she viewed herself illuminated in a ray of 
light, the Science Academy naming her President and Associate leader.  
Confetti rained down from the starry masses above, balloons rose into 
the air.  With Washus A and B on her shoulders joining the thrum of 
chant in the background, 'Washu is a genius, Washu is a genius,' the 
genius herself was living it up in the limelight.
	Still at her desk, sitting before the electron modulator, she 
sang "Genius, Genius, Washu is-"
	"Last chance Washu!  Fresh tuna grilled on the hibachi with Ramen 
noodles drenched in carrot sauce and sake." Sasami interrupted the 
scientist's thoughts with the final closing of the closet door. 
	
	Washu threw open the door to the living room with a huff.  "I 
told you.Sasami .that I was coming!" she panted, "But would you 
wait.no!"  Taking a deep breath in and a slow exhalation, Washu plopped 
down onto her pillow and greedily filled up her plate with as much fish 
as she could get away with.
	The rest of the family rose their brows, rolled their eyes, and 
returned to the conversation at hand.  
	"So Ryoko," Noboyuki took a sip of tea and a bite of the Tuna.  
"I understand that you heard from Aeka earlier today?"
	The Space Pirate looked up through a mouthful of Ramen noodles.  
Chewing them quickly and swallowing them down with some sake, she 
winced and replied, "Yes." Glancing over in the direction of the tired 
cook sitting on the opposite side of the table, she continued, "She's 
planning to visit as soon as they can find her another ship."
	"Really, what happened to Aeka's ship?" Grandfather asked 
sedately.
	Again, caught with her mouth full, Ryoko, trying to chew as fast 
as she could, gave up and nudged Tenchi in the ribs.  
	"It was destroyed in some sort of battle," Tenchi supplied, 
trying not to laugh as his fiance tried to swallow down the noodles to 
answer the questions that would be pouring from every mouth.
	"She wasn't in Ryu-oh at the time.she's grieving, but a seed was 
saved.and," Ryoko did some air calculations in hopes of surfacing that 
last bit of information, "and the battle took two of Jurai's ships.  It 
took place somewhere outside the northern Checkpoint, which I have no 
idea where the hell that is, but the ship that initiated the fight was 
heading in the direction of earth.  Aeka is being forced here to do 
some investigating if the mystery ship does show up at door."
	After a time of silence while everyone ate, Washu looked up and 
said, "What is the Ship and why would it want to attack the Jurai 
battle fleets?"
	"Good question," Tenchi muttered under his breath before taking a 
taste of Ryoko's sufficiently seasoned carrots off her plate.
	"Yeah." Ryoko blew on the steaming fish. "Aeka doesn't know who 
could have done it.  The hyperlinks that transferred the damage reports 
were intentionally screwed up.  Not even the Logs could decipher them."
	"Ha!"  Washu leaned back with a pompous grin.  "An indecipherable 
message!  There's no such thing!  Is Aeka bringing the hyperlinks' 
reports with her?"
	"You bet your sweet ass." Popping the cooled hunk of meat into 
her mouth, she shoved it over onto one side and spoke through the 
other.  "She was hoping that you could work on the transfer while she's 
here and maybe answer a few questions or even pin the identity about 
that Ship."
	Sasami, who had been silent for quite a while now, smiled and 
looked up from her plate.  "Do you know how long she's going to stay 
with us Ryoko?"
	"Yep.  For about a year."  The space pirate grinned as the second 
princess of Jurai was overcome with warm happiness.  "After the 
Wedding," a warm feeling enveloped her as she thought about that 
beautiful day. 
	"It'll be like old times," Tenchi slipped, suddenly noticing the 
brilliant, hard gaze of his beloved.  
	"Not exactly like old times, Tenchi darling," She shoved her left 
hand up into his view and wiggled her adorned ring finger.  "She won't 
be as annoying as before; trying to steal you away from me."
	"I couldn't be stolen even if she tried," he whispered softly so 
that only she could hear.
	"I'd kiss you, but," she motioned with her head to the audience 
sitting around them.  "But I'm afraid that it will lead to something 
else." her voice was so quiet that the others leaned in to hear, but 
they were intercepted by Tenchi's firm glare.
	Turning back to Ryoko, he stroked her right cheek and kissed the 
tip of her nose.  Through slit eyes, she scorned the rest of the family 
for ruining what could have come of his soulful words.
	Footfalls sounded from the stairwell and Nagi, still clothed in 
cloak and hunter outfit, hood drawn, stepped off the last stair with a 
sniff in the air.  "Umm, smells good."
	"And it is," Grandfather chewed the last of his fish 
thoughtfully.  
	"I could believe it," the bounty hunter said as she came over to 
the table and took a seat at the corner.  
	"Grilled on the hibachi." Sasami told her, piling the rest of the 
fish, Ramen, and carrot sauce onto a plate and serving it with a smile 
like the dutiful hostess and cook that she had become.  "Eat up before 
it gets cold."
	Filling her cup up with sake as Sasami loaded her plate, Nagi now 
sat back and ate hungrily.  
	Sipping on their drinks of choice and therefore prolonging the 
end of the dinner, the rest of the family sat quietly, making idle 
chitchat with each other.

	"So, Nagi has gone behind our backs," Odosuoni acknowledged, 
watching their supposed partner eat, drink, and laugh with the enemy.  
"I knew we couldn't trust that bitch all along."
	"Now, now," The Master shook his head disapprovingly.  "We can't 
condemn her with such a title Odosuoni."  He stared on with her to the 
group jovially sitting at he couch talking about their various travels.  
	Changing the subject, the redhead touched the holographic screen 
to focus on the couple and task at hand.  "Look at them," she breathed, 
"They're bonded enough all ready, and if we take out Ryoko and Tenchi 
now, then there's no way that they can have a bond at all."
	"True, but rather than hope that we can defeat them only two 
against eight, as opposed to a winning combination two against a mortal 
six, we might have a chance if we wait."
	"Wait?!" Odosuoni threw up her hands, thereby distorting the 
projected image.  "I've waited since we passed Alpha Centauri when you 
created me and stuck me in this hell-hole.waiting and watching.  I'm so 
damn sick of this monotony day after day, week after week."
	"Year after year," The Master finished for her, setting a hand on 
the shaking shoulder.  "I know, but it will be completely worth it when 
the time comes."
	"I deserve to kill Ryoko." She could feel the energy surge 
through her body and drip out the tips of her fingers.  "I will kill 
her."
	"We hope," The Master whispered before taking a step back and 
vanishing.  
	"I will kill her." Odosuoni repeated after his disappearance.  
"And Tenchi too.  They will never have a child if I can help it.  That 
being will destroy us."

	"You're coming out of the dark side of the moon now?"
	Aeka nodded and stretched in her lavish crushed lavender bed.  
"Yes, I'll be there in about an hour or so.  How's Sasami?"
	"She's just fine." Ryoko looked past the blonde GP officer 
standing in her way to the kitchen.  "She's cooking up a brunch that 
you wouldn't believe!  Everyone's here, ready for your arrival."
	"Good." Aeka leaned out of the vision line of the communicator 
and waved.  "Miss Ryoko, I have to go now.they need me."
	"They're the only ones." Ryoko let out a devilish giggle and 
waved each finger in cheekiness.  "Go on now.  Oh and did you remember 
to bring the hyperlinks?"
	The first princess patted a travel bag slung over her shoulder.  
"I have them right here, ready for Washu."
	"Good, she's practically leaping for joy." Ryoko ran her tongue 
over her teeth and sighed.  "Needless to say, she can't wait."
	"Neither can I.  Yet another vacation of relaxation," Aeka 
clicked off the communicator and rejoined the rest of her party at the 
command consul.  
	Staring disdainfully down at the communicator, Ryoko shook her 
head.  "This time you won't fall for Tenchi though, princess."
	"Did I hear my name mentioned?" Her fianc stopped in the 
doorway, his jacket nonchalantly thrown over his shoulder.  "Ryoko?"
	She immediately phased out from her lounging position on the 
couch to the open door and sprung from the shades into his waiting 
arms.  "Missed you today,"
	"Don't you everyday, Ryoko?"
	She frowned and eased her hold around his neck.  Happily though, 
that frown was turned upside down as his lips pressed against hers.  
Drawing away, her cheeks red, she smiled, "Yes I do."
	"Hold that thought for another nine months," his finger lay 
against her lips.
	"Can I get some help from the two lovers standing with the door 
open?" Nagi called out from the kitchen, interrupting the quiet little 
moment alone in the arms of their loved one. 
	"Yeah, get in here Tenchi, and help us with this salad!" Sasami's 
sharp tone jolted Tenchi out of her arms and into action.
	
	Sasami stood at the porch and surveyed the great bounty.  Fruit, 
smoked halibut, cut and green vegetables, steaming tea, piles of cupped 
rice, steaming pastries and baked delicacies, meats of every shape and 
size along with clippings of every spice imaginable lying in the best 
dishes spread out on blankets completely encircling the porch.  This 
was a feast fit for a queen, much less a first princess and her 
entourage of attendants.
	"Sasami, couldn't we just-" 
    	The second princess turned her eyes to meet the blonde GP 
officer's flighty blue eyes peeping out from beneath her brushed free 
falling yellow hair.  Eyes thin, and lungs exhausted from screaming out 
commands in the busy kitchen, she replied curtly, "No Mihoshi, we have 
to wait for Aeka."
	"But what if the winds have delayed her?"
	"Bubble-brain, a Juraian battleship doesn't give a shooting star 
about the winds of some little planet, no offense Tenchi," Kiyone 
contradicted, with a nod over in the nineteen-year-old's direction.
	As if Aeka had heard this statement, there came a giant roar over 
the mountains behind them.  As they turned, a ship two times larger 
than Ryu-oh gradually became larger.  Finally, it's wings stretched 
over the entire lake and range, and still hovering hundreds of miles 
above each head, a purple light came down like the fore-mentioned 
shooting star, stopping just before splashing down into the blue waters 
of the lake.  Precariously shaking above the water's edge, the light 
proceeded to the sandy lakeside grass.  Now, the light going from 
pinpoint to spotlight in a matter of moments, the shadowy visages of 
the First Princess of Jurai, the ancient Samurais; Azaka and Kamidake, 
and four other attendants became apparent through the purple haze.
	The entire family gathered before the royal arrival, the light 
faded to reveal each face in all their glory.
	Sasami couldn't hold back any longer.  With a start, she clasped 
her hands to her mouth and took off to land in her older sister's 
flowing robes.  "Aeka!"
	Aeka, blinking back the tears, bent to receive her.  After the 
initial embrace, she looked up at the others smiling with water 
trickling from the sides of each face.  And to her surprise, it was 
Ryoko, standing arm in arm with Tenchi, who smiled and came to usher 
her into the party.  
	
	"It's been a total of six months," Aeka muttered under her breath 
while pacing around the living room.  "What has taken you so long?"
	The magenta crested head of the genius snapped back in surprise.  
"What do you mean, 'taken so long'?"
	"I mean, I was expecting a genius," It had been a long time, but 
Aeka still knew how to play it up to Washu.  "Like you to figure it out 
in a matter of moments."
	Washu smiled self-gratifyingly before explaining all the ins and 
outs of decoding such a screwed up message to begin with.  "Well, you 
see, first I had to extract the message itself from all the technical," 
her hands worked together and grunts ensued as she tried to put the 
mechanics of the hyperlinks into words the layman would understand. 
"Let's just say, 'JUNK', and coders that were intentionally interwoven 
into the message.  That took about two months to do entirely.  Then, 
there was that little computer glitch."
Her gaze shifted away from the princess to Mihoshi sitting idly at the 
dinner table.  "Honestly, I don't understand how someone, who hacked 
into the Science Academy's main computer, could single-handedly destroy 
every writhing trace of work stored on a computer sixty dimensions 
away."
	Mihoshi looked up and said, "Oh, are you talking about Kiyone?"
The other two women shook their heads and mumbled a unanimous "She's 
hopeless."
	"Anyway, so after another two months, I was able to take the 
message that you specifically," she pointed a small finger at the 
princess, "Wanted.  Then, after running it through a series of tests to 
try to decode the message, which took a week and a half for each test.  
Now, it had been approximately oh say, six months, fifteen days, eleven 
hours, five minutes, and two seconds since you arrived with the 
hyperlinks.  Since then, I've been trying every method known in the 
unknown universe to decode them.  Believe me, when I say, 'I have 
decoded them,' I have."
	"Really?" 
	Washu nodded definitely.  
	 "So what is their message?"
	"I can tell you exactly what they said," Nagi walked in from the 
front door and sat down on the coffee table next to the kneeling Washu.  
	"Really?" Washu challenged, her arms crossed over the slightly 
exposed chest due to her outfit.  "Did it start out with, 'E-V-I-L, our 
name rings clear in the expanse of space'?"
	"Yes, it then proceeds to 'Do not stand in our way, for we are 
more powerful than you can imagine.  We start with the destruction of 
three Jurai battleships, as a warning, not to interfere, Princess 
Aeka.'"
	"Me?!" Aeka laughed, aghast at the very thought.  Her sleeve 
drawn up to her face in surprise, she nudged Washu to continue.
	"Right, then 'We do not wish to involve any other member of the 
clan in this battle.  Our only concern is to destroy every bit of 
flesh, mind, and spirit of Ryoko.  We have studied your past together, 
and we understand that with this information, you will not interfere 
with her ultimate demise. -"
	"Hey, where are Tenchi and Ryoko right now?" Aeka spoke up, her 
brilliant red eyes flashing with defiance and concern.  Ignoring 
Washu's look of irritation at the interruption, she looked to Nagi for 
an answer.
	"I believe the space pirate and her man are out on a hill 
somewhere laughing and talking about their future together.maybe even 
making love."
	"Miss Nagi!" the First Princess shouted in distaste.  "It's one 
thing to think it, but to outright say it!"
	"Oh come on Aeka," Washu breezed on through.  "Since you've been 
here don't you think something is happening in that room besides talk 
and/or sleep?"
	Shaking her head, Aeka rubbed her face in aggravation and tried 
to change the subject.  "Please go on, Miss Washu."
	"That's pretty much it as far as the message is concerned.  It 
was just a warning to keep out of whatever destiny Ryoko is headed 
for."
	"Remember, they employed me as an assassin," the bounty hunter 
told them, standing suddenly.  "They believe that Ryoko is some sort of 
goddess, at least a very powerful individual."
	"And to have escaped you, I would have to be." Ryoko poked her 
head through ceiling.  "I've heard everything you've said, ya know.  Oh 
and Nagi," she pointed upwards and winked, "You were right.about it 
all."
	Grimacing, disgusted, both Aeka and Nagi shook their heads in 
unison, shivering off the mental picture that had begun to piece itself 
together in their minds.  
	"So, these assholes think that I'm a goddess.and they want to 
kill me.huh."
	"It's not just that," Washu rose atop the hover pillow that she'd 
been perched on while talking with Aeka.  "There was more in the 
message than just a warning for Juraian royalty."
	"Really?"
	"They need to kill you, and whoever you're going to have children 
with, so you don't create a bond.of some sort."
	"A child, to be more precise." Nagi called from below, hands on 
hips.  "If I were you, I'd be very protective of your ovaries from now 
on."
	Wrapping arms about herself; Ryoko, still upside down, turned to 
Washu, who was now at eye-level, but spoke directly to the bounty 
hunter on the floor, looking up.  "Why didn't you tell me this in the 
beginning, Nagi?"
	"You didn't believe one word I said, did you?"
	"Hell, no."
	"So, if I had told you something as life-changing as this, you 
would've brushed it off like everything else.  Now, after ten months, 
you decide that everything I did tell you was true and you want to know 
more.  It just doesn't work that way with me Ryoko."
	"Yes, but now I find that you're trustworthy.fine.  But why kill-
my child will be powerful."
	"Exactly what EVIL doesn't want.  They recognized that you were 
most likely to pair off with Tenchi, an immortal whose powers are still 
growing, and with you, the supposed goddess of power, a triangle of 
GOOD, two parents and a powerful child, would definitely crush them." 
Washu tried to piece it together as her holographic computer had spat 
it out in mathematics.  "They won't strike until you're pregnant 
because they know they'll be beaten."
	"You bet your sweet ass they will." Ryoko vowed; pulling herself 
back to the roof where the comforting arms of her beloved would hold 
her and tell her that everything would be all right.
	"Do you think she'll take this seriously?" Nagi questioned as 
Washu floated back down to floor where the shaken Aeka and the 
steadfast bounty hunter were sitting and standing.  
	Washu shrugged. "If she doesn't, Tenchi will." 
	
	Two months till the wedding.  Ryoko had counted the days on the 
calendar of constellations propped against her pillow. It was all 
planned out in her head.  The ceremony would be held at the Shrine, 
pedals of every flower available would ride on the air, and he would be 
waiting, in front of their friends and family.  
	"I do promise to love, cherish, and protect you, my beloved," Her 
lips formed the words happily as the imagined wind and scent of 
lavender graced her face, cooling the red cheeks.  
	"I promise to love, cherish, and protect you, Ryoko," He would 
say, squeezing her hand in his, hidden beneath the sleeve's robes.
	And Grandfather, downed in his Shinto Priest's outfit, would gaze 
down at them approvingly.  With a simple, "Promises made today will be 
followed through until the ends of their days, until the end of time," 
his gritty, age-worn tone would grow soft as he would whisper, "Love 
and honor each other, and never forget what has drawn you together."
	Love, love, love.
	"Ryoko?"
	"Yes?" She replied to dream Tenchi, as they drank from the same 
cup, symbolic of the life they would share.
	"Never mind, I don't want to wake you.  Shh, go back to sleep."  
	Ryoko could feel her head being patted, though the husband 
standing before her was motionless.  With a start, she opened both eyes 
in surprise.  "Huh?"  From out of the corner of her eye she could see 
an arm securely draped over her waist.  She lay warm and exhausted on 
her side, snuggled deep in his embrace, the visions of her lovely day 
dissipating as she took in the darkened room; moonlight streaming down 
from the window above them.
	Left palm cupped loosely to her ear, Ryoko settled back into the 
futon and pillow.
	"It was only a dream," she barely whispered aloud, slightly 
disappointed.  "Oh, well, it will be reality soon enough."

	"So it shall," Odosuoni stretched back in her chair and formed a 
plasma ball in her palm.  Taking aim, she fired it directly at the 
holographic cyan spiked head still on the consul pool.  "YAAAA!" she 
cried as it sailed right through Ryoko's forehead.  "If that doesn't 
kill her, then I have some other things that will."
	"Really?" the Master's voice surrounded her, as he, himself 
phased in tall and mighty as ever.  "I have some bad news."
	"What bad news?" the red head sprang from the consul chair, 
prepared to stand up to and demand anything from her creator.  "What 
else could have gone wrong?  Is Ryoko not the one that we want?"
	He shook his wrist in a silent "no".  "But I'm afraid that Washu 
was able to decode our calling card left at the Jurai incident." His 
eyes defied her fiery amber ones.  "Needless to say that Jurai military 
is involved and on our trail."
	"So?" Odosuoni sat back down at her seat aside the stone consul, 
"We can defeat Aeka and Washu put together.  It's Tenchi and Ryoko that 
we'll have to really deal with, right?"
	"Why are you asking me?"
	"Because you are the one who created me, made me do your dirty 
work, and even-" 
	"Stop right there," the Master nodded his head and Hi and Kaze 
appeared on each shoulder.  "You are the one who's been watching and 
studying them for the past two years.  If anyone, you should know if 
it's Ryoko and Tenchi that are problems to reckon with or the rest."
	"Yeah," Hi called in backup.
	"The Master is correct Odosuoni," Kaze told her smartly, the 
blond hair falling down and completely covering the Master's right 
side.
	"Oh shut up!" Odosuoni screamed at the top of her lungs, the 
entire ship quaking with the force of those adenoids.  "I don't care 
anymore, alright?  I'm powerful enough, I could take out all of them 
right now, even Ryoko."
	"But we must wait for the perfect moment, within those six to 
nine months!" The Master called out in fury, raising his hand up 
towards the already abounding heavens.  His first creation rose with 
it, struggling with kicks and fidgets.  "You will not attack, not now, 
not when we've come so far."
	"I will attack!" Odosuoni cried out in rage, her eyes flashing 
flecks of burning red.  A great bolt of lightening surged through her 
body, licked out of the fleshy case, and struck The Master's raised 
arm.  He howled as the great body fell to the floor, Hi and Kaze 
perched in the air just has they head been without a body to cling to.  
"You can't stop me, no one can!"
	"I can and I will!" he swore, his fingers outstretched, trying to 
stretch the lengths of his powers to the racing Odosuoni, racing, 
running towards the main command consul.  But, with an aggravated sigh, 
he felt his powers drain from the disabling wound pulsing in his left 
arm.  
	Meanwhile, now having reached the main control bank, Odosuoni 
looked out of the viewing window with pride.  There, far below her 
ship, was a small blueberry sized earth.  "It's time for action, enough 
of this waiting," she sneered, moving over to the navigation field. 
	"Projected time till landing, twenty four hours and counting." 
the computer read off.  
	"Twenty four hours till your demise Ryoko," She whispered, "And 
twenty four hours until my freedom."

	"Twenty four hours and counting!" Ryoko sang out, lounging on the 
living room couch.
 "How many times have we heard that?" Aeka sang back, feigning 
irritation.
	"About Twenty-four times today," Kiyone joined in on the singsong 
fun.  She pulled the blanket up over her knees.
	"I like Ramen and carrot sauce!" Mihoshi rang out the loudest, 
causing the rest of the girls to stare unappreciatively at her.
	"? is equal to 3.141592654." Washu mumbled as she closed the door 
to her dimension, and joined the others, who were rolling their eyes.  
"What's the matter with you?"
	Ryoko glared at her and smiled.  "Nothing, just unbelievably 
happy, that's all."
	There came a thumping down the stairs and a hooded Nagi appeared 
in full Bounty Hunter garb.  She stopped at the bottom, raising her 
head, but eyes covered with the shadow of the hood.  "That's my cue.  
I'm leaving now."
	"Wait, you have to help us, Nagi," Mihoshi called at her.
	"I don't have to do such a thing," the Bounty Hunter 
contradicted, waving a finger.  "It was a temporary truce, I warned you 
about EVIL, and now I'm leaving."
	"Goodbye Nagi!" Ryoko waved from her position on the couch. 
"Don't forget to come and fight after we've taken care of these 
bastards!"
	Aeka gave her a look and moved closer to her friend's ear.  "What 
are you saying?  We need all the help we can get!"
	"I'm also drunk, I have no idea what I'm saying.Why else would I 
be singing?"  Looking the First Princess up and down, the space pirate 
snickered, "Besides, I don't think we should worry about me, how about 
you?" she motioned towards the bags under Aeka's eyes.  "Ever heard the 
word 'sleep'?"
	Indignant, Aeka huffed and moved back over next to Kiyone and 
Mihoshi.  "I don't even know why I try!"
	"Neither do I," Ryoko sputtered, swinging an arm down onto the 
other side of the couch where the bottle of sake laid waiting.
	"In that case, I'm off." She looked around in search for her 
light brown cabbit.  Pausing, Nagi looked up to the five women sitting 
on or around the couch.  "Have any of you seen Ken-ohki?"
	Mihoshi shifted to raise her hand. "I saw him a few hours ago, 
hopping along the lakeside with Ryo-ohki." She told the Bounty Hunter.
	"Since you've arrived they've been inseparable, Nagi." Sasami's 
lithe little voice spoke up from the kitchen doorway. 
	The woman turned to see the second princess.  Her lips curled up 
in a smile.  "Thank you Mihoshi, and I thank you little girl."  With 
that, she walked across the large room, slid open the porch sliding 
doors, and continued her search outside.  
	"Anyway, where were we?" Ryoko asked to nobody in particular.  
"Oh yeah, twenty-three hours and counting."
	
	"Ken-ohki?" Nagi crouched behind a bush, cupped her hands to her 
mouth, and let out another plaintive call for her missing ship.  "Ken-
ohki!  Come to me right now!"
	"Sow?" 
	"Ken-ohki?" Nagi turned to find the cabbit sitting dutifully 
behind her, Ryo-ohki sitting at the base of a tree not more than fifty 
feet away.  Without a word between them, the Bounty Hunter stood and 
turned away from the gray cabbit.  "Come Ken-ohki, it's time to leave."
	"Miya?" Ryo-ohki looked to Ken-ohki, then back down at the forest 
floor.  
	"Sow," turning, the other cabbit did his best to bow like the 
gentleman that he was.  "Sow."
	"Miya."  Ryo-ohki meowed solemnly.  
	"Come Ken-ohki," Nagi commanded once more, this time walking away 
from the pair.
	Ken-ohki hopped in the footsteps of his master.  Disappearing 
from Ryo-ohki's sight, deep into the darkness of the woods, the cabbit 
turned her face to the sky as the ship Ken-ohki burst through the 
branches and into flight. 
	"Sow!"
	"Miya!" She watched him ascend into the blue sky until he became 
nothing but a small dark spot in the vast blueness of the sky.  Then 
nothing.

	"Approaching the Earth, approaching the Earth!" 
	Odosuoni smiled wickedly down at the planet that lay so ably for 
the taking.  "Soon, they'll be gone."

	    
To be continued, but first.

 Ryoko: "Hey everyone, just stopped by to tell you.Twenty hours and 
counting!"

Aeka: (Turned red) "Will you stop singing Ryoko!"

Kiyone: (in a more quiet tone) "Yeah, I mean with your drink-I mean 
bachelorette party, you've warn Mihoshi out!"

Mihoshi: "ZZZZ.zZZZZ.Zzzz."

Washu: (giving the others a once over, then turning away,) "Anyway, 
since Ryoko is too plastered to get down to the subject at hand, keep 
reading; that is if it is entirely possible; to see what will happen 
in-"

Tenchi: "Forever Masaki."

(In the background)
Washu: (Whining) "Tenchi!"

Ryoko: (Eyes shining, hands clasped at throat) "Oh, how I've dreamed of 
the day when I can rightfully call myself that.hey, Tenchi, what are 
you doin' here?"

Kiyone: "It's unquestionably a dream come true,"

Ryoko: (spirited) "For me,"

Tenchi: "And a nightmare,"

Ryoko: (sighing) "For everyone concerned."

Aeka: "Well, at least she stopped singing."

Ryoko: (With a devilish grin) "Nineteen hours, 59 minutes, and forty 
seconds in counting!"

Well, whadya think?  Send all criticisms, (good or bad) to 
stammfamly@aol.com.  I'd love to hear from all of you Tenchi Lovers out 
there!
	   


	     
        	
	     	  
	      
	
  	
	
	
 	
	

   
 
	 
	    
