Author's Notes -
This fanfic draws heavily on the facts presented in the Techi OAVs and
manga.  My goal is to tie and explain some loose ends in the history
of the galaxy's coolest and most lovable scientific genius.  If you
don't
know what I'm talking about, go soak your head and watch the Tenchi OAVs

at least.

~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~
April roses, tiny sparrows,
Come, it's bright and new.
All belong together
With the mystery that is you.

When I see your little face,
I hear a song from long ago.
I think you know
The many Secrets I've forgotten.

Generations through the ages
Join as one somehow.
Leading to the miracle
That I am holding now.

From the sky and from the sea,
Upon a breeze you came to me.
You seem to see
A greater universe than I do.
~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~


The Forgotten Years:  Washu
Final Chapter:  One More Lullaby

"Wah hah hah ha ha!  I am a genius!  No, I, Wasu, am the greatest
scientific genius in the galaxy!"  Washu took pride at her self
proclamation. Physically, she looked no more than a child before the
onset of
puberty. Her lab coat and academic uniform underneath it were specially
tailored for her height and dimensions.  She rolled up  the sleeves on
her lab coat and pulled her spiky pink hair under a nurse's cap.  She
looked down on the birthing capsule.
"She is perfect!"
She walked to the capsule's access portal.
"Come to momma," she whispered as she gently lifted a young girl from
the capsule's platform.  The young girl squinted her golden eyes and
her naked body shivered slightly as she set down on a rollaway cot.
The young girl appeared to be in the adolescent stage of physical
development.  She was slender and had a generous mane of light
blue hair.  She looked at Washu who snapped her fingers. "increase room
temperature by 10 degrees."
"Een kris room temp tor by 10 deg ez,"
repeated the young girl.  Smiling,  Washy looked down at the young
girl.  "Your vocal mimicry skills are impressive, for one who hasn't
learned a language yet.  But that's not all you'll be able to do!"  said

Washu as she stroked the young girl's blue hair.  "I'm not quite done
with you yet!  Lie still now." The young girl stared at her blankly
while Washu examined her with various devices.
"Of course, no examination is complete without a blood sample."
Washu picked up a syringe and sanitized a hypodermic needle which
she attached to the syringe.
"Hielzen S alloy.  This is just enough to prick your dense skin, my
dear.  Now hold still."
Washu swabbed a spot on the young girl's upper arm and pushed the
needle on that spot.  With a small cry, the young girl grabbed the
syringe and crushed it.  She rolled off the cot away from Washu and
landed on her feet.  Fear and anger were written on her face as she
puts a hand on her bleeding arm.
Washu took a deep breath and reached into the young girl's
pshche.  Feelings for confusion and fear assualted her senses.
"Calm down," whisphered Washu, her lips not moving.  Washu began
to hum a lullaby within her mind.  She continued to do this until the
young girl dropped her defensive stance.  Washu approached her
slowly and held out her hands, palms up.  The young girl seemed to
recognize this gesture and reached for her.  Washu holds her in a
bear hug.
"There, there little one, I meant no harm," soothed Washu as the
young girl began to whimper and cry on her shoulder.  Washu
continued to hum the lullaby.
"How long has it been?" thought Washu as she held the young girl
in her arms.  "A little over 18 millenia had passed and I still
remember the melody.  I guess some things never change," sighed the
Washu, lost in her thoughts.  "This time it will be different.
Mothers should never outlive their children."
With deliberate slowness, Washu lifted the young girl and placed
her on the cot.  She snaps her fingers.
"Standard galactic meal, nutrition grade A, tasteless sedative B,
basic implements."
A floating tray materialized in front of Washu and she pushed the
tray in front of the young girl.  She scooped a food sample on a spoon.
"Say Ahhh," as she opened her mouth wide.  The young girl mimicked her
and received the spoon in her mouth.  The food drops on the cot.
"Oh silly me," exclaimed Washu.  "I forgot to add some spices."
She snapped her fingers.  "Spice addition grade A.  Dispose food
matter on cot."  She scooped some food and popped it in her mouth.
"Mmmm.  Much better.  Now it's your turn.  Say, Ahhh," she cajoled
as she offered a helping to the young girl.  With some hesitation,
the young girl chewed the food and visibly swallowed it.  She looked
down at the tray in front of her and picked up a piece with her
fingers.
"Now watch your manners dear.  Use this," said Washu as she offered a
spoon  to the young girl who looked at her quizically.
The young girl put the food in her mouth and at the same time
grabbed another piece.  Washu watched dumbfounded as the young
girl gobbled the food as fast as she could.
"Ah, kids these days," sighed Washu as she offered a glass of
fortified juice to the young girl's lips when the food was gone.
"Now drink slowly... there you go, that's the way...", instructed
Washu as the glass was emptied.  Washu put away the food and
picked up a wash cloth.  She began to wipe off the food matter on
the young girl's face and fingers.  Soon the young girl began to
yawn.  She rested her head on the cot and put her thumb to her mouth
and began to such it.  Washu smiled gently as the young girl
fell asleep.
"Get ready to be imprinted, little one!"

Journal Entry 54251:33:10:98
I have prepared a program for imprinting while she sleeps in the
revitaliztion chamber.  I included memories of early childhood,
galactic speech and composition, basic social skills, math, some
science as well as the good stuff.  The thought of adding cooking
and housekeeping occurred to me, but I figure I'll give her some
droids to handle that.  Anyway, for the good stuff, I put in
some combat reflexes, swordmanship, flight control, energy blast
and force blade generation, regeneration and elemental summoning.
Just for that, little Ryoko, makes you quite a force to contend
with.  Yes. I will call you that Ryoko, my little spirit summoner!
Ha ha ha!  Anyway, the program should be downloading as I chronicle
the events of this day in this journal entry.  However, you won't
be able to use any of the good stuff yet.  These will be sealed
in your memory until you have adjusted to some semblance of a
normal life.  Hopefully, you won't need them.

Washu finished the entry and walked to the control panel to
check the status of the imprinting.  She glanced over to the
sleeping young girl whose head was encircled within a complicated
aparatus.  Satisfied, Washu walked towards the laboratory exit.
Outside, she touched a black panel near the door frame.  The panel
activated to her touch and scanned her astral pattern.
In a mechanical voice, it asked, "Recognize Professor Washu.
Awaiting instructions."
To which Washu responded, "Activate triple security field,
unlock specification, Director clearance Wxu2-6."
"Acknowledged," replied the mechanical voice.  Three massive,
doors slid accross the lab entrance.  A web of restraining fields
displayed a criss cross pattern over the doors.  The voice spoke
finally, "Genetics laboratory W19K sealed."

Washu turned away at the doors, her steps tracing a familiar course
to her office.  Upon entering, she sighed at the mountain of data
disks and prototypes on her desk.  "Directorship may have its
priveledges, but it also has way too much work and politics," she
muttered as she sat down behind her desk and began to scan her
messages on the wall mounted display.
"Open message 346," she commanded as she lay back into her chair.
A young man with golden eyes and gray wavy hair appears on the screen.
"Greetings professor,"  intoned the young man.  "I am submitting
my paper on power generation and miniturization to the Academic
Board for review.  I would be honored if you can spare some time
to review it.  My Thanks.  Kagato out."
"Ahhh, that reminds me.  I forgot to give her the gems." Washu
thought.  "That can wait till tomorrow."  She scanned the messages
again.  "Open message 563."
An image of an unkept young man with light brown hair filled the
screen.  His hand scratched behind his head in a general gesture
of apology.
"Greetings, Professor Washu.  You had asked for some of my thesis
data a month ago.  But you see, some totally unexpected things
happened in the lab lately, and so, I don't have the data yet..."
"Close message.  Show list," commanded Washu.  "That Yakage
should really make up his mind and stick to a thesis topic.  And
he wonders why Kagato finished before he did.  It must irk him
to be surpassed by someone ten years his junior.  As for Kagato..."
She picked up a data disk and viewed its contents on the desktop
console.  "Looks impressive.  But wait, this passage here... it
reminds me of something.  Hmmm.  I'll figure it out later.  Overall,
a good piece of work.  This may get him an entry level professorship
if he wants it."
Washu continued to work until a small crab like object materialized
in front of her and chimed, "Galactic time is 100:00:00."  It then
disappeared.
"Already?" exclaimed Washu, who stood and stretched out.  She yawned.
"I guess I should get some sleep for once."  She walked to a small
raised platform at the corner of the office.  "Activate matter
transporter.  Set coordinates to Director residence.  Transport
when locked."
The platform hummed with energy and with a brilliant flash of
light, Washu was gone.

The day was sunny, but a little too windy for Washu's taste.  "Those
idiots at climate control must be drunk again," she muttered as
she held on to her cap.  She preferred to walk to her office in the
morning, savoring the carefully cultivated fragrances of the campus
gardens.  As she passed by the academy's reclamation facility on
her way to the main campus grounds, she caught a glimpse of a familiar
figure among the disposal bins.
"Hey Yakage!  Is that you?"  Washu yelled, hoping to get a postive
confirmation on the stranger's identity.  The stranger looked up,
evidently surprised.  The unkept hair and clothes definitely verified
her guess.
"Gree-greetings, professor," slurred Yakage who struggled to maintain
his composure.  He took a step back behind a bin.  "Lovely day, isn't
it?  Well, in case you're wondering, I accidently disposed of a data
disk and was hoping to find it here," explained Yakage with his hand
behind his head.
"Can you do me a favor then?" asked Washu with a gleam in her eye.
"Ummm, Of course professor.  What is it?"
"Do take a bath before you see me.  Good day."  Washu turned away
smiling.  She took lengthy strides to distance herself from the
reclamation facility.  Yakage watched her silently, taking in the
insult.  He waited until Washu was out of sight and resumed scanning
the bins with a small device barely concealed in his palm.  He
concentrated his search and extracted a broken syringe from one of
the bins with his gloved hand.  He scanned the needle several times
and read the results.
"Hielzen S material no doubt.  Just what the good doctor ordered.
That's some awfully rare material to use for a needle.  I wonder
what's inside."
With some effort, he carefully ejected a capsule.  Holding it up
to the morning light, a few drops of blood could be seen.
"What could this be?" asked Yakage.  "Assuming that the professor
always plans some grandiose project, this could be part of some
of her advance work.  What a find!"  He carefully placed the syringe
and capsule in a secure case and scurried out of the reclamation
facility.
Meanwhile, Washu had reached her office and began to unlock the
door.  "Wait, why in the world would Yakage need a geologic scanner
to search for a data disk? "  she mused.  She pondered for a moment
and entered her office.  "Must have grown a black hole in his brain."
Washu resumed her mundane tasks until the familiar crab like image
chimed, "Imprinting Complete."
"Alright!" yelled Washu.  She secured her office and with a swiftness
uncharacteristic of her position, sprinted her way to the genetics
lab.  Upon entering, she immediately checked several status indicators
on the control panel.  Grinning widely, she walked over to the
revitalization chamber and leaned on its glass enclosure, her face and
palms pressed to the glass.  She marveled at its lone occupant.
"Looks like I have to go shopping for you little Ryoko," whispered
Washu.  "I'd love  to let you live with me, but there'll be too many
questions from nosy people around here.  Especially Kagato.  I bet he'd
kill to create someone like you.  Don't worry, by tomorrow, I'll have
the right normal life for you.  Ahh, and one more thing..."
Washu opened her hand, palm up.  A small red gem materialized over her
palm.  The gem floated toward Ryoko, passing unhindered through the
glass enclosure and embedding itself in Ryoko's left wrist until it
was out of sight.
"Now I can hear you more clearly, little Ryoko.  And one day, you can
learn to do the same."

Journal Entry 54251:36:45:78
Little Ryoko is lonely!  She has developed an extreme dislike for her
gurardian droids and ignores their presence.  I plan to make her a pet
to
amuse her and keep her company.  The sample of biomineralite combined
with some Mass should do nicely as a genetic base.  If I can sequence it

by tonight, it will be ready to hatch by tomorrow.  What a delivery that

would make!  He he he, even I out jest myself sometimes.
On a good note, little Ryoko has adjusted to her new household.  The
imprint has done its work well, leaving her the impression that she had
planned to move there.  She has started rearranging the furniture to her

taste.  This is so exciting!  I can't wait to see what she does next.
It's a good thing that I placed some surveillance and recording
circuitry
in the guardian droids.

Journal Entry 54251:86:23:65
What a day!  Little Ryoko seemed reluctant to accept her new "pet" at
first but was finally won over by Ryo-Ohki's charms.  Yes, she named her

Ryo-Ohki.  I'm not sure why, but it sounds cute.  At the same time, I
had
to monitor her reaction while overseeing the construction of the Souja.
There was a nasty breach in the power core that resulted in a parallel
dimension within the ship.  I barely managed to contain its expansion
into this dimension.
Speaking of ships, I can't wait to tell Little Ryoko all the things that

Ryo-Ohki can do.  The imprint program contains battleship
transformation,
mass absorption and owner mindlink.  The same precautions are in place
since she probably won't need these abilities in the near future.  So
far, they seem to be enjoying themselves, so I've let them grow on their

own.

Journal Entry 55253:33:10:55
Ryoko is doing quite well in her studies in the academy and has been
admitted to the Exelar Program for exemplary students. Of course, it
helps if one has genius genes.  Ha ha ha ha!
However, her social skills leave much to be desired.  She keeps picking
on some junior students, especially those of noble blood.  I assume it's

because they look down upon her since she doesn't belong in their inner
circle.  I suppose I could provide an imprint with some ettiquette and
grace.  Hopefully, she will learn this on her own.  If these noble types

only knew of her lineage, then maybe they'd show her some respect.
She should really control her teasing and bickering, especially with the

young Princess Ayeka who is olso in the Program.  The guardian droids
have repeatedly instructed her to lay off on her practical jokes.
Anyway, Kagato somehow got into the docking bay of the Souja.  He
claimed
to have mistaken it for another ship.   Ha!  That's just as plausible a
claim as to that paper he last wrote, or rather, plagiarized.  What kind

of fool does he think I am?  I, who have read over half the papers in
this department.    He'll get his due.  The Board will make its inquiry
in the matter within the next month and that will be the end of a
promissing career.
As for Yakage, he has changed thesis topics yet again and is now
pursuing
the creation of an energy blade that rivals Jurai's Master Key.  Good
Luck to him.  Sounds like a lifelong quest.  However, he has created a
first protoype with the properties of Hielzen S.
He demonstrated its sharpness by splicing several dense neo-titanium
alloy into ribbons.  Very impressive.  There may be light at the end of
his tunnel yet.

Washu continued her usual routine of working on her many projects and of

fulfilling her directorship duties.  As she expected, the Board
questioned her on the Kagato paper, and within a few months, the Board
convened to present its ruling.  Washu sadly watched as one of her best
students stoicly accept the ruling and walk out of the chamber with his
head bowed and hands clenched.
The Souja was her focus now.  A need to complete it drove her to work to

the limits of her endurance.  One hot summer day, as she was assembling
a
few components in the Souja, a shot of pain slammed into her brain,
causing her to drop the assembly.
 "Help me... someone help me... " whispered an echo so faint.
"Ryoko!"  cried Washu.  She closed her eyes and focused.  "Where are
you?"  she intoned.  The image that filled her mind was one of total
darkness.  Washu concentrated a bit more.  A faint image of some rocky
outcropping appeared.  In several places, rainbow colored crystals cast
a
dim light.  "Could that be lumnalite?"  she asked.  She summoned her
console and connected to Ryoko's residence.  "Alpha droid, where is
Ryoko?"  inquired Washu.
A floating droid which mimicked a human form responded.  "Lady Ryoko is
on planet Caberno on a three day geological survey, Lady Washu."
"And you didn't tell me?"  Washu spat out.
"You have not inquired about Lady Ryoko's status..."
"Silence!  You will bring Ryo-Ohki to docking bay R35 in 5 minutes."
Washu closed the connection.  With lightning speed, she punched a few
decryption codes into the console.  Washu rushed to docking bay R35 and
manipulated the access control panel.  The panel came to life.
"Recognize Regent Asano.  Access granted."
Washu smiled and slid through the doors as they opened.  The docking
bay's lights turned on to reveal a sleek space yacht.  As she prepared
the ship for departure, the Alpha droid signalled Washu on her
communicator upon their arrival.  Washu opened the doors and the Alpha
droid handed her Ryo-Ohki in a cage.
"What are you doing?  You didn't have to put her in there!" screamed
Washu.  "What are you waiting for?  Get on board," commanded Washu.  The

droid made its way to the ship.
Washu released Ryo-Ohki as she headed for the ship.  "We have to find
your master little one," cooed Washu as she held Ryo-Ohki in her arms.
"Mi-yaw?" purred the cabbit.  There was a slight inflection in her
voice.
"Do you feel it too?"  asked Washu as she prepared the ship for launch.
The engines thrummed with power, and the ship awaited her command.
"Set course to planet Caberno, land location is delta 43,67 from the
Twister Caves.  Maximum thrust.  Depart when ready."
The ship's engine roared in response and blasted its way from the
planet's gravity.
"I'm coming Little Ryoko.  Hang in there."

The ship landed in a field some distance away from the Twister Caves.
Washu knew too well of seismic nature of the caves and of the many
victims trapped within its shifting maze of walls.  They disembarked
with
the ship's emergency kit and headed for the caves.  They entered the
caves and activated glowglobes to light their way.
"It's up to you now, Ryo-Ohki.  Which way?"  asked Washu.
Ryo-Ohki's gem on her forehead glowed and her ear lifted to the north.
"Good girl."
They descended deeper into the caves.  A faint rumbling could be heard
from time to time.  After a seemingly endless number of turns, they
stopped in front of a rocky wall.  Ryo-Ohki's ear pointed toward the
wall.  Washu surveyed the wall.  She tapped on the wall and looked at
the
droid.
"Alpha droid, scan for geometric imperfections.  Resolve to a target
point and excavate access for us," commanded Washu.
"Yes, Lady Washu," replied the droid.  The droid opened its arm casing
to
reveal a gigawatt taser which it pointed at the wall.  The tasers fired
and carved a "door" through the rock with hairlike precision.  Washu
stooped and entered the cavern beyond the wall.  A voice echoed across
the cavern.
"Over here!"
Her heart skipped a beat as she saw the outline of Ryoko pinned to the
ground by a large boulder.
"Ryoko!" she cried as she rushed toward the unconcious Ryoko.  The
glowglobes followed her and illuminated the cavern, casting a light
on...
"Pr...Princess Ayeka!" stuttered Washu as she fell to her knees by
Ryoko.
"Can you help her?" asked the princess, who held Ryoko's hands in her
own.  Her voice was raw.
"I'll take over from here.  Now move aside," commanded Washu.  She
grabbed Ryoko's wrists, but the princess held on.  Washu looked at her
in
the eye and  met Princess Ayeka's fiery gaze.  "You can let go now."
A moment passeed and the princess released her grip, and clenched her
hands.  "I expect you to give her best medical care, no, see to it that
she makes a complete recovery," said the princess.  Her voice was low.
"Failure is not acceptable."
Washu perceived the demand, or rather, the threat in those
words.  She noded.  The princess stood up and reclined against a stone
wall.
"Alpha droid.  Remove boulder on Ryoko," ordered Washu.
"Please state disposal method..."
"I DON"T CARE HOW!  JUST DO IT!"  screamed Washu.
As the droid busied itself with the boulder, Washu treated Ryoko's
wounds.  She looked over to the princess who was wrapping strips of
her robe around her hands.  Satisfied that the princess was occupied,
Washu cupped her hands together.  A small red gem materialized between
her hands.  She carefully guided the gem to Ryoko's right wrist.  The
gem
sank into Ryoko's skin until it was out of sight.  Ryoko moaned softly.
"This should stabilize you until I get you home.  Sleep now." thought
Washu.  She took out he expandable stretcher from the kit and commanded
the droid to place Ryoko on it.  She and the droid lifted the stretcher
off the ground.
"Time to go, princess.  Just follow us." said Washu, as she glanced
behind her.  The princess stood up, leaning on the wall for support.
She
steadied herself.  Washu noticed a splotch of red where the princess had

placed her hand on the wall.  "Are you injured, princess?"
"I'm ready, let's go before the shifting starts."  replied the princess.

Washu noded. They made it out of caves without incident thanks to the
droid's tracker abilities.  As they approached the ship, the princess
spoke. "You will keep me informed of her progress, Regent Asano, or
whoever you are."
"Huh?  What do you mean?" inquired Washu.
"That yacht is the 'Asano's Wings'.  I assume the Regent prefers to use
it for sport, not for rescuing students."  The princess stepped in front
of
Washu.  "Who are you really?  And what will become of Ryoko?"
"I give you my word that she will be fine.  Now get out of my way and
let
me do my job!" yelled Washu.  "Time is short.  The more you delay us,
the
less time I have to repair the damage."  She shoved past the dumbfounded

princess and guided the stretcher to the ship.  As she boarded the ship,

she looked back and noticed the princess sitting in the middle of the
field with her head bowed.  Once inside, she secured Ryoko to the cabin
bed and began preparations for launch.  As the ship scaled into the sky,

Washu hoped that she wasn't too late.

Journal Entry 54253:67:23:56
Little Ryoko is sleeping in the Rev Chamber now.  Her legs have mended
quite well.  There is no sign of the severe trauma to her thigh bones.
It has taken half a day to repair such intrusive damage, but well worth
the time.  The slashes on her palms were the easiest to repair.  On an
interesting note, the diagnostics of her internal organs indicates some
traces of foreign energy, similar to Jurai energy patterns.  I will have

 to study its effect on her physiology later.
However, the fact remains that I almost lost her today.  I may
have to give her the last gem and activate her sealed memory sooner
than planned.
Doing this will give her greater survivability, but may expose her to
those who seek to use her power for their own ends.  For all her
achievements, she has the innocence of a child.  I have learned too late

that it is not enough to give a child food, shelter, material well-being

and education.  She really has no role models, the lack of which forced
her to form her base of morals and ethics through observation.  I have
prepared another imprint program with a stricter set of ethics that will

hopefully prevent her from abusing her powers.
With the addition of the last gem, Little Ryoko will be complete.  This
is my final gift to you, my daughter, and with these gifts, I hope you
will always be there, to be my daughter.
I sense that my past may be catching up to me.  I may not be able to
protect you.  However, I will do my best.  With the Souja in my arsenal,

entire planets, no solar systems, will be at my mercy.  But that's not
its real purpose.  I'm building it to protect you.

Washu finished the journal entry and began her vigil over the slumbering

Ryoko.

Several weeks passed since Ryoko's accident.  Although Washu was glad
that Ryoko recovered completely from the accident, she fretted over the
delay in the Souja's construction schedule.  With great anticipation of
a
good day's work, she boarded the servo lift that will take her to
Souja's
bridge.  As she entered the bridge, she felt a prickly sensation at the
back of her neck.  She was not alone.
The command chair rotated slowly towards her.
"How nice of you to join me this morning, professor," intoned a familiar

voice.
"Kagato!"  Washu bunched up her fist and raised it.  "You don't belong
here anymore, Kagato.  Get out!"
"Temper, temper, professor!  I'm on an errand.  I simply came to
complete
this errand."
"And what could that be?"
"To fetch you, professor."
Suddenly, a gelatinous like substance sprang from the floor and
enveloped
Washu to her neck.
"It's not like you to be careless professor."  Kagato chuckled.  "Now
it's my turn to give you a lecture!"  he paused, savoring this
moment, as Washu struggled within the gelatinous mold.  "You failed to
secure the Souja and your files on two occasions.  One was an accident
on
the Souja and the other was when you dropped your work and just left...
on the Regent's yacht no less.  Ha! ha! ha!  That was a lot of cheek,
joyriding in the Regent's yacht.  I didn't know you can be so brash."
"Yeah, so nice of you notice, Kagato.  Offensive counter activate!
Restraining field bridge D9!"  yelled Washu.
A restraining field enclosed Kagato.  Various weapons dropped from the
ceiling and trained their sights on him.  A red dot of light focused on
him forehead.
Kagato raised his brows and smirked.  "Ah yes, you've equipped the Souja

with quite an arsenal.  It took me a while to figure out how some of it
works."  He pressed a button on a device concealed in the palm of his
hand.  Washu watched in horror as the restraining field disolved and the

weapons powered down.  "Your mech droids are quite capable, and even
easier to reprogram.  They made this little modification for me."
Kagato surveyed the room.  "This place could use a little more
decorating.  Higher ceilings were always my taste... Maybe a little
organ
over there..."
"You Bastard!"
Kagato tilted his head to the side, as  if listening.  He stretched his
arms forward, palms up.  An object began to materialize over his hands.
When it finally appeared, Washu let out a small gasp.  It was an eagle
seal, with two twisting serpents.
"Do you recognize it, professor?"  asked Kagato.  "It doesn't matter.
This seal will put you in a suspended state until I bring you to my
master, or rather mistress.  You don't know what a prize you are."
Kagato's face darkened.  "Just for added security, I'll put you in the
parallel dimension that you conveniently created."
"Try, if you can.  I sealed the gateway to that dimension!"  challenged
Washu.
"Do you still doubt my genius?  I have found a way in, "  he paused.  "
abd sealed the way out.  Ha ha ha!  Even if some strock of luck, you
free
yourself, as long as I live, you can't leave that dimension!"
Kagato placed the eagle seal on the gelatinous surface.  "Pleasant
dreams, professor."
Washu struggled vainly as the seal entered the gelatinous mold.   She
felt its energy enveloping her body.  As the mold encased her head, she
cursed.
"Damn you, Tokimi!"
Washu blacks out.

Washu awoke to a symphony of explosions and blinding energy flashes.
"What's going on?  Am I free?"
Her perspective was strange.  It felt like she was moving here and
there,
but her limbs remained rigid.  Suddenly, a face comes into view.
"Kagato!"
She tried to move, but her body wouldn't obey.  Then she sees Kagato's
hands being sliced off by an orange energy blade.  A raucous triumphant
laugh ran through her mind.
"Ryoko!"  Washu watched as Ryoko drove Kagato back.  Kagato's green
shield blocked Ryoko's blows as he cradled his handless arms.  In a few
moments, hands grew out of his bloody stumps.
"Wait, Kagato, can't regenerate?  And that energy he uses... oh no, oh
no,"
wailed Washu.  Realization struck her.  She opened her mind to Ryoko.
"Be careful, little Ryoko.  Kagato has a powerful ally."
Her warning came too late as Kagato diverts her attention with a remote
blast from the Souja, and at the same time, directs a green gen towards
her.
"NO!!!"
Washu reeled from the psychic backlash as another will began to bear
down
on Ryoko's mind.  "I'll save you Ryoko!"
Suddenly, a projection of the eagle seal appeared before her and
released
dark energy into her conciousness.
Overwhelmed, Washu plunges into darkness.

Suddenly, a blue light blasted through her conciousness.  "Ugh!  What
hit
me?"  Then Washu remembered.  "Ryoko!"  Washu opened her mind and images

of a battle appeared before her.  Then, a shock went through her mind as

she experienced heightened degrees of anger and rage.  She gritted her
teeth as she steeled herself against these feelings.
As soon as she regained her focus, she looked for the alien will that
dominated Ryoko's mind.  Then, Ryoko locked blades with her opponent.
"That's... that's... Prince Yosho?!  Where's Kagato?"
Washu scanned Ryoko's memories.  Her heart tore at what she saw.
"Kagat,
you bastard!  How could you do this to her?"  Her eyelids filled with
tears, and she swallowed them with bitter regret.  "I'm so sorry Ryoko,
I'm so sorry Tsunami."  Somehow, she managed to compose herself.  She
watched the battle.  It became apparent that Yosho was unable to get any

advantage, as Ryoko wielded her blade with the skill of a master.
However, if he were to get any advantage...  the reality of the
situation
dawned on her.  "If I release Ryoko's mind, it might break her
concentration.  The momentary lapse will leave her open.  Think Washu.
There must be a way to stop this madness."
Washu withdrew within her self and contemplated Ryoko's predicament.
She
formalated her plan, and with a soft psychic whisper, she made her plea.

"Tsunami, if you can hear me, listen.  There may be a way to end this
without killing Ryoko or Yosho.  But I need your help.  Will you help
me,
Sister?"
An eternity seemed to pass as Washu waited in the darkness of her mind.
The silence was defeaning.  Suddenly, there was a tiny blue spark,
followed by a faint, soft ethereal echo.
"Thank you."
Washu opened her mind to Ryoko.  She pushed the alien will with her own.

She pushed and pushed until her thoughts merged into a psychic arrow
directed into the alien will.  And then it was gone.  Washu watched
sadly
as Ryoko misstepped.  Yosho was not a fool to miss this opportunity.
Guided by the Master Key, he sliced off Ryoko's hands at her wrists.  As

her hands flew into the air, two red gems floated briefly over her
bloody
arms and then embedded themselves into the Master Key's hilt.
A wave of fear hit Washu.  "I'm sorry Ryoko." cried Washu.
Yosho continued his attack, driving his blue blade into Ryoko's neck.
Ryoko screamed into her conciousness.  "I'm sorry little one.  This is
the best I can do to save you.  Maybe someday, we can be together
again."
The link was silent.  Washu waited a while and closed her mind.  Her
will
exhausted, she felt the darkness trying to claim her once more.
"Someday,
little one, someday... but for now, sleep well..."

~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~
Sleep my baby, sleep my baby,
Dream of somewhere far away.
Do you remember still?
How I hope you always will.
Keep the memory of the days
The world was ours.
~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~@~


Epilogue
Washu awakened once again, but this time, Detective Mihoshi released her

by a stroke of luck.  With the help of Lord Tenchi, mother and daughter
were finally reunited.


Author's notes -
Thanks for reading!  I hope liked it.
My first fanfic.  If you have any comments, please forward them to
calicj@rpi.edu.  Also, Washu and company are copyrighted by Pioneer.  I
have no rights to the characters here.