 As always I make no claim on the Tenchi Muyo characters and have made no money off of this. The same
goes for any other characters mentioned within the story. They all belong to whomever made them and
were only used cause I needed some extra's to keep the story interesting.


Formal Wear
by, Clayton Overstreet

  Funaho and Misaki landed infront of the Misaki residence. As they teleprted out of their spaceship the 
Masaki family came out to greet them. Tenchi bowed lightly, "Hello grandmothers. What brings you by 
this time?" Funaho grinned and pretended to look insulted, "Can't a grandmother come to visit her family
on her home planet?" Tenchi and the others gave her a look that let her know they didn't buy it for a 
second. Funaho laughed, "Alright, yes there is something we wanted to talk to you about, but it can wait
until we've had some tea." Yosho nodded and motioned for everyone to follow him into the house. 
Funaho and Misaki followed as the author waisted some time wondering why the show is called Tenchi 
Muyo when his last name is Misaki. Oh well.

  After Ayeaka and Sasami greeted their mother, and saved Kyonei from her when Misaki caught her
laughing at Ayeaka's calling her mommy, Funaho began explaining what had brought them back to the
Earth this time. "You see, we have finished reading Mihoshi's latest report, which was sent in three 
months ago. We now know that Washu is Tsunami's sister and Mihoshi's great grandmother. And 
Kyonei is too since they got married," Everyone nodded and the author appologized for using this 
relationship so much, but he likes it. Funaho continued, "Which means that everyone living here is now
considered a part of the Jurai royal family." Everyone nodded, having seen Washu's family tree program
a while ago. "As this is so you are required to accompany us and the rest of the family to the universe 
royal ball, where you will meet with the other royalty from around the galaxy." Tenchi sighed. A ball 
meant dancing, which meant Ryoko and Ayeaka were probably going to tear him in half trying to claim 
him for each dance. Oh well, he'd had a good life and there didn't seem to be an option. He smiled at 
Funaho, "When is it?" Funaho grinned back, "In exactly seventy two hours. You can wear either Jurain
or Earth attire. It's up to you." Ryoko looked at her nervously, "Um... Funaho. When Kagato had 
control of me I kinda blew up some other planets than Jurai. You think they might hold a grudge?" 
The empress shook her head, "No Ryoko, after we found out about Kagato, we immediately broadcast
a contraction to all statements and accusations made against you. It was broadcast galaxy wide. 
Afterwards every bounty on your head was immediately retracted. You have nothing to worry about."
Ryoko smiled as Ayeaka bit her lip. She had been hoping that Ryoko wouldn't be allowed to go. She 
had recently had to stop using the claim that Tenchi and she were meant to be together by royal blood
because Ryoko was not only a member of the royal family now, but since she was directly decended 
from the family of goddesses that created Jurai in the first place, she was a high nobel too. 
  Oh well, all she had to do was keep Tenchi to herself for the dances, and that shouldn't be too hard 
because she severly doubted that Ryoko could dance. 
  Funaho explained that they would have to meet and great many alien species They were fortunate 
because coincidentaly everyone would have translator chips. Tenchi was a little nervouse about allowing
Washu to put one of them in his and his father's ears, but it wasn't too bad. He and his father had agreed
to wear tuxes, while everyone else wore clothes from their home planet. Washu, who had taken on her
adult form, was wearing a black outfit that seemed to change shape around her as she walked, but still
showed off her body. Ryoko had on her usual dress, but carried a small package telling them that she 
would dress when they got to the dance. Kyonei and Mihoshi both wore matching white robes with long
strips of cloth hanging off. Ryo-oki took on her adult for and Washu made a form fitting red dress for 
her that was resistant to shedding. Everyone else wore Juraian robes.
  
  Asuza was on the bridge of the ship tp great them, but did so in a formal and stiff way, because he still
didn't care for Tenchi. The trip to the planet where the ball was to be held took sixty seven hours, leaving 
time for the group to mingle before the actual dance would begin. As they entered a man at the door 
announced their arrival, " Asuza emperor of Jurai and his family." Asuza flinched slightly but had to 
acknowledge the relationship. As they entered the room another group appeared behind them out of 
nowhere. Two blonde guys with spiky hair and a blue haired woman in a pretty dress stood there. The
girl turned to the taller of the guys, "Thanks for the ride Goku." The guy smiled and shrugged, "No 
problem Bulma. You and Vegita enjoy yourselves. And don't worry about the kids, Gohan is watching 
them." He put his fingers to his forhead and vanished. Suddenly from the side everyone heard the 
couple's names announced, " Prince Vegita formerly of planet Vegita now of Earth and his wife Bulma."
Tenchi was suprised. An alien that lived on Earth and didn't live with them. He introduced himself to 
Vegita and the two got to talking. Bulma got into a discussion with Washu who was only too happy to 
discuss the finer points of quantum mechanics with her. Ryoko was mingling, occasionaly giving 
appologies when she ran into someone she recognized from one of Kagato's raids. Ayeaka and Sasami
were mixing into the crowd. Ryo-oki was over at the snack bar hoarding the carrot sticks. Kyonei and
Mihoshi were talking with one of the galaxy police officers assigned to guard the party. 
  Tenchi and Vegita were later joined by Liono, lord of the Thundercats (wait, before you condem me 
finish the story, please?) and were compairing swords. Liono smiled, "So your family are the only people
who can touch yours without permission? You are so lucky. I've lost track of the times the eye of 
Thundara has been stolen. Can I see yours?" Tenchi nodded and traded swords with Liono. He looked
at it and noticed some holes in the hilt. He looked through them around the room. Suddenly he gasped 
and almost dropped the sword. He had seen his grandfather, who through the sword looked like a young
man. Yosho looked at him and put a finger to his lips, in a conspiritorial motion. Suddenly Tenchi was 
distracted by Liono's asking him about the gems in his sword. 
  After afew hours the rest of the guests had arrived and the party was about to begin. Ryoko had gone 
to change into her dress, while Ayeaka had cornered Tenchi and gotten him to agree to dance the first 
dance with her. Everyone else had paired off, Asuza having flipped a coin to decide which wifew to 
dance with first. Sasami had paired off with Ryo-oki, and Washu had grabbed Nobiyuki. Suddenly a 
man took the stage. "Ok, now that everybody is here, lets get this party started! Our first song is a bit of
a bizzare one. It's a song that seems to be a part of every plantet's music, though nobody can find any
meaning in it what so ever." He turned and pointed the the band. Everyone got into a circle. so Tenchi just 
joined in, unsure about what was happening. The band began playing 'The Hokey Pokey" and he smiled.
He glanced at Ayeaka who was dancing with everyone else, but did not look happy. She had been 
hoping for a nice romantic song. Tenchi glanced around the room and saw that everyone else was having
a great time, laughing as they 'shook it all about'. Even Asuza seemed to be having a good time. Tenchi
just smiled and shrugged, who was he to question alien cultures?

  As the night progressed Tenchi had a great time. He was asked to dance by all the girls in his family, 
and by afew from some of the other royal families too. The dance had begun to wind down though and
he hadn't seen Ryoko since she had gone to put her dress on. He was begining to get worried. There 
were alot of people here and all of them were as forgiving as the people of Jurai. Tenchi had just turned
to go looking for her, when he saw Ryoko standing at the top of the stairs. She was wearing a tight 
black dress which had something hidden in the fabrict that sparkled as she moved. Everyone in the room
had turned to her appraisingly. Fron the stage the announcement of the last dance was made. Ayeaka
began walking over to Tenchi when Yosho tapped her should, "Care to dance Ayeaka?" She wanted to
say no and head over to Tenchi, but had been raised to believe that that would be rude so she smiled 
and nodded to Yosho. Meanwhile Ryoko had walked over to Tenchi who hadn't even blinked since she
had appeared. 
  Ryoko walked over to him and smiled playfully, "Would you like to dance Tenchi?" Tenchi smiled and
nodded. Ryoko extended her hand and Tenchi took it. Pulling her close he smiled at her as the soft 
music filled the room. They stared into eachothers eyes and began to dance. After a while Tenchi began 
to notice that they seemed to be the focus of a great deal of attention. He looked around and realized
that the song had stopped several minutes earlier. Tenchi and Ryoko blushed and then went to join their
group.
  The guy came back onto the stage, "Ok guys, now for the last event of the night!" He walked over to 
a spot behind the stage and hit a button, "We are going to watch the triple moon rise!" Everyone 
watched as the ceiling opened up and the walls disapeared into the ground. Tenchi smiled and watched
the horizon with everyone else. Glancing around the room he noticed that Vegita and Bulma were gone.
Suddenly he noticed someone's arm wrapped around his waist. He turned and saw Ryoko smiling at him.
He quickly glanced around and noticed Yosho standing between them and Ayeaka, who's eyes were still 
on the horizon. he looked too and saw a flash of pink, yellow and light blue as three moons rose up from
the edge of the planet. He let his arm hook around Ryoko's waist too and they hugged, watchign the 
moon rise. Suddenly there was a cry from his left. Yosho had seen what he was doing and had stepped
back, allowing Ayeaka to see Ryoko's arm around Tenchi, but not his around her, "Miss Ryoko, get 
your hands off of Tenchi this instant!" Ryoko looked at her evily, "Jeese Ayeaka, why can't you let us 
enjoy one peaceful moment? Go hit on Yosho or something." Ayeaka's face grew red, "You know he is
too old for that." Suddenly Tenchi grew angry. "Ayeaka, are you saying that the only reason you keep 
fighting over me with Ryoko is because you think Yosho is too old?" Ayeaka suddenly came out of her
anger and looked at him. "Ofcourse not lord Tenchi I... I ..." He frowned at her, " I see. Well how about
this?" He turned to Yosho and summoned his Jurai power. 
  All of a sudden Yosho's disguise powered down. he stood there, once again a young man. He looked
at Tenchi and yelled, "Why did you do that?"  Tenchi glared back, "Because I'm sick of this. If you had 
just married Ayeaka like you were supposed to none of this would have happend." Ayeaka looked at 
Yosho stunned, "Yosho...You...You're young?" Tears welled up into her eyes and she ran out of the 
room and into the bathroom. Everyone else in the room had turned away from the moon to watch the 
more interesting spectical from the Masaki group. Yosho stood there, totaly speachless. He turned to
his parents for support here. Asuza frowned and shook his head, "No Yosho, you'll get no help from us
in this. You brought this on yourself." Yosho glanced at Tenchi again but sighed. He knew he was to 
blame for this. He had just been scared of the thought of marrying someone who would live as long as 
he would. He had had many wives durring his seven hundred years on Earth, and only one had he had
children with. He had been terrified of the thought of a marrige that would last his entire life, so had 
pushed Ayeaka off on Tenchi. Bowing his head Yosho walked off to talk to Ayeaka.

  Kyonei, Mihoshi, Rio-oki, Washu, and Nobiyuki were stunned. Sasami stood there with a knowing
expression on her face. She seemed to be the only one who knew that Yosho was young. They began 
to chat with the other guests trying to explain what was going on. 
  Tenchi and Ryoko had walked off to the other side of the room. They sat down at a table, and Tenchi
looked at Ryoko appologeticaly, "I'm sorry I did that. I was just so mad... this whole thing because 
grandpa didn't want to marry her." Ryoko smiled and put a hand on his shoulder, "It wasn't your fault
Tenchi. Please don't blame yourself." Tenchi smiled up at her. Then he leaned forward and kissed her 
gently on the lips. Ryoko''s eyes widdened, but she didn't pull away. When the kiss broke she was still
a little suprised, "Wh...what was that for?" Tenchi smiled and said, "I've been wanting to do that for a
while. I just never got the chance between you and Ayeaka's fighting and your trying to seduce me so 
much that my nose bled, I just..." He was cut off as Ryoko pulled him into another deep kiss. Tenchi 
closed his eyes. They were interupted however by Washu and Nobiyuki cheering them on. The two 
broke appart and blushed slightly. Sasami grinned and hopped on Tenchi's lap, "So when are you and
Ryoko getting married." Tenchi's face turned red. he glanced at Ryoko for help. She smiled and said
to Sasami, We'll get married when we're ready, right Tenchi?" Tenchi nodded numbly. Ryoko then 
grinned, "Ok Tenchi, in that case I accept your proposal of marriage. Where's my ring?" Tenchi looked
like a deer caught in the headlights. Suddenly he felt something cold and hard in his hand. He looked and
saw a diamond ring. Washu giggled and put her computer away. 
  Ryoko was shocked when Tenchi actually held up a ring. Both she and Tenchi moved slowly, both a 
little too suprised to think straigh. They snapped out of it when Tenchi got the ring on her finger and the
assembled nobels cheered. 

  Yosho found Ayeaka in the ladies bathroom. She was crying softly into the sink. He placed a hand on 
her back and said, "I'm sorry Ayeaka..." She turned and looked at him, "Sorry. Is that all you have to 
say? You lied to me, turned me onto your grandson who doesn't love me, and you didn't even shead 
your disguise when your family was in danger." Yosho bowed his head, "I know Ayeaka... I was just 
scared." Ayeaka glanced up at him, "Yeah right. What would Yosho the greatest warrior in the universe
who fought a demon to it's knees on a planet at the edge of the universe have to be afraid of?" 
  He sighed and asnwered, "Life. I just never got along with people. Thats why when I defeated Ryoko
I stayed on Earth, where I would outlive whomever I came to care about, so that nothing was perminent.
I just couldn't face the thought of staying with someone who would be around as long as I would." 
  Ayeaka smiled evily, "Well brother, now that I have had a chance to think I do forgive you, but you still
must be punished. What do you suggest?" 
  Yosho smiled back, "I'll let you decide that..." He trailed off as he caught sight of his sister's evil grin. 
He let out a silent prayer to Tsunami, and was suprised at the reply. "Forget it Yosho. Sasami and I both
agree you deserver what's coming." 
  Yosho gulped as Ayeaka spoke, "Well Yosho, if that's the way you feel about it, I have the perfect 
punnishment in mind. And one you may enjoy aswell."

  The announcement of crown prince Yosho's engagement to crown princess Ayeaka, combined with
crown prince Tenchi and future princess Ryoko was the talk of the ball. Asuza even seemed to warm up
to his greatgrandson now that he wasn't going to marry his daughter. The host of the ball (you know, that
guy who kept announcing things) came up to them and asked if they might consider holding the 
weddings on this planet same time next year. That way all the party guests would be in attendance. They
said sure, aslong as they weren't kidnapped or something.

The End

Author's note

"Well I hope you like it. I considered having a kidnapping attempt or maybe having Vegita hang around
for the full moon, but decided that everyone would prefer it the way it is. I used characters from other
t.v. shows, I admit that. I just needed ready made royalty. If you've read any of my other fan fics you 
know that generaly the main thing I do is Ryoko and Tenchi and Mihoshi and Kyonei match ups. I 
know it isn't exciting or anything like that, but it makes me feel good. I mean despite the fact that Ayeaka
is stuck up snob, the fact remains that if Ryoko doesn't get Tenchi she has nothing else to live for and 
suicide generaly ruins the mood. Plus Yosho is a jerk doing that stuff to everyone.
  "And aslong as your reading this I would like to give thanks to TMFFA.com, for giving us Tenchi fans 
ways to get out our ideas on how the story should have gone. The only thing I don't like is authors that
cut the story off as 'to be continued' and never finish it." Suddenly the Tenchi cast stands around him and
they all look towards the readers, "Please, help us. We can't keep starting these stories and never 
finishing. it's cruel to us aswell as to the readers. We beieve that you can make a difference. Just wait
until the story is done before posting. And if you know of a fan fic that has been abandoned by an author
finish it yourselves." Sasami and toddler Ryo-oki look out at the readers pleadingly. "Do you know how 
many times we've been cut off in lemons half way through the fun? We were stuck in that possition a 
month before the writer finished it." They back up and Washu steps forward, "As a trained physisist I am
here to tell you that due to quantum realities, everything you write actually happens somewhere. So please,
finish your stories before posting." She steps back, "We're begging you!"
  Ryoko stepped forward, "I myself have written many fan fics where I get Tenchi and I have to say that
I..." Ayeaka stepped up and grabbed Ryoko, "You wrote what? How many times do i have to tell you
that Tenchi is mine!"
  The scene goes dark as the sounds of fighting are heard. White letters appear on the screen:
  This has been a public service announcement from The Coalition of Fan Fic stars.
