Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi or any other characters residing at the
Misaki house. They all belong to Pioneer/AIC. I am not making any money off
of this story so please don't sue me.

Author’s notes: It’s finally arrived. Here is the last chapter of the
"Fragile Hearts" saga. I apologize to all those who have been waiting so
long for this chapter, but I’ve been working on another fan fic that had
taken most of my attention away from this story. I also want to thank all of
you who have sent me your gracious comments about this story. I hope this
chapter lives up to your expectations.

                          Fragile Hearts, Chapter 5

                                  By Leeman

The ship flashed a picture of a green looking planet. Its name was Quateria
2, and its population was 50 million inhabitants. Ryoko took the controls of
the ship and decreased the throttle by 30%. They could see the small green
dot growing larger through the dome. They would reach the atmosphere in 10
minutes. Ryoko told the ship to download a map of the planet from the
Central Space Office. She sweatdropped when it didn’t respond, but then she
remembered that the ship will only respond to Tenchi. "Tenchi, please order
the ship to download a map of the planet from the Central Space Office."
Tenchi did as Ryoko told him to, and soon they had a map on the display.

"I think we should land right around this area," Tenchi said as he pointed
to a heavily populated spot on the map. "They have to have some sort of
restaurant in this area."

"I agree." Ryoko adjusted their flight pattern to bring then to that area
when they entered the atmosphere. She read over some specs on the planet as
they drew closer to the planet. When the ship finally did enter the
atmosphere, it started trembling due to the force of the atmosphere.

"Won’t this damage the ship?" Tenchi asked worriedly.

"Nah. It’ll just make the ride a little bumpy. It would take a lot more
force than that to damage this ship if it’s anything like Ryo-ohki."

"Are you sure?"

"Don’t you trust me?"

"Of course I do."

"Then stop worrying. I swear I will never let anything harm you." Tenchi
smiled at her, and she smiled back. The ship soon cleared the atmosphere,
and oddly shaped buildings came into view. They were black, small buildings
that were square in shape. As they neared the ground, small, flying vehicles
could be seen coasting through the city. Ryoko spotted a galaxy police
cruiser taking off up ahead, and pointed it out to Tenchi.

"That looks like Yukinojoe," declared Tenchi.

"Yeah, it does," Ryoko replied. "I think we should land over there and walk
into the city. Does this ship have a cabbit form?" She pointed to a clearing
outside of the city.

"Yes. The ship does have a cabbit form, but why don’t we land over there
instead?" He pointed out another clearing even closer to the city.

"That looks good." She guided the ship to the spot and teleported Tenchi and
herself outside. Tenchi pointed the Tenchi-ken at the ship and told it to
change into its cabbit form. It did so immediately and ran over to Tenchi
and jumped up on his head.

"Let’s go get something to eat before we starve to death."

"Lead the way."

"Uh, Ryoko, how are we going to communicate with the people on this planet?
I don’t think they will speak Japanese."

"Believe it or not, Japanese is the standard language of all Jurai
territories. Since Jurai’s empire extends all the way to earth, they will
most likely speak Japanese."

"How is it possible that aliens can speak an earth language?"

"Who says Japanese came from earth?"

"For some reason that doesn’t surprise me. Let’s ask someone where we can
find a decent restaurant, then." They walked into the city limits and headed
in the first building with an open door. Weapons, in cases, lined the wall
to their left. They appeared to be rifles of some sort, but they had a green
ball at the end. Tenchi walked along the wall and looked the guns over very
carefully. Ryoko followed behind him.

"See anything you like?" Both Tenchi and Ryoko turned around to see a
light-green skinned man. He was about 6'6" tall and very thin. He also
lacked any sort of body hair.

"We were just looking. Do you happen to know of any good restaurants in the
area?" Tenchi inquired.

"Yeah, as a matter of fact, there is one just two buildings down on your
left. They serve the best food on the planet."

"Thank you." Tenchi and Ryoko walked out of the shop and made their way to
the restaurant. As they neared the door, an unfamiliar, yet delicious aroma
filled the air. When they entered, another light green skinned person
greeted them. She told Tenchi and Ryoko to follow her. They were seated at a
booth with gel-like seats that were very comfortable. The waitress handed
them each a menu and returned to the kitchen. Tenchi read the menu, but he
didn’t recognize a thing on it. He was intrigued by the zechhi steak and
decided to take a chance. Ryoko also didn’t recognize anything on the menu,
but fried whimbalos caught her attention. She figured it had to be edible,
and she was starving. The waitress returned with two glasses of water and
took their orders before heading back to the kitchen.

"So, what did you order Tenchi?"

"Zechhi steak, what about you?"

"I ordered fried whimbalos."

"I hope this food tastes halfway decent."

"Me too, but I’m so hungry I could eat paper."

"Same here. I guess we’ll find out soon enough." Ten minutes later the
waitress returned with their meals. The zechhi steak looked like a regular
beef steak, and the whimbalos appeared to be just like tacos except that the
shell was soft and the cheese was a yellowish-green. Tenchi was the first to
taste his meal. *Man, this has to be the best steak I’ve ever eaten.*

"This steak is great. How’s your food?" Ryoko cut off a small chunk with her
fork and put it in her mouth.

"Mmmm. This is really good. This is better than anything back on earth." The
food soon disappeared from their plates. Tenchi sat back and rested his head
in his hands.

"That was a great meal. I thought I was going to starve."

"Me too. That was some of the best food I’ve ever eaten."

"Same here. I wonder if it really was that good, or if it seemed like it
because we were so hungry."

"Who cares? It was good, and that’s all that matters." The waitress walked
up and placed a piece of paper in a tray on the table. Tenchi picked up the
piece of paper and sweatdropped. When the waitress walked away, Tenchi
looked at Ryoko with a worried look on his face.

"How are we going to pay for this? The meal came to a total of 36 Jurai
dollars. I don’t have any Jurai currency with me."

"I guess we’ll have to make a quick exit." She floated through the table and
grabbed the cabbit that was sitting beside him and put a hand on his
shoulder. She then teleported them to the walkway outside of the building.

"We really should find some way to pay them, Ryoko"

"Don’t worry about it. Judging from the number of people in there, they must
be making good money. It won’t affect them at all."

"True, but it still isn’t right."

"Stop being such a worrier and enjoy life for a change."

"You’re right. Let’s go find a good hotel to stay in."

"We do have one slight problem."

"What’s that?"

"You only have the clothes on your back. You’re going to need more clothes
before this vacation is over."

"I wonder if Washu could help us out."

"Let’s contact her after we get a room."

"Good idea." They set off in search of a hotel. They talked to a few people
on the way who recommended various places, but the places they mentioned
didn’t sound very intriguing. After a while, they finally met a young couple
that told them about a luxurious hotel by the water front. The young man
pointed to a tall building in the distance, and he took the hand of the
pretty young woman on his right, and they continued on their way. Ryoko
picked up the cabbit and put her hand on Tenchi’s shoulder, and teleported
them to the front of the building. When they approached the door, it slid
up, revealing a brightly lit corridor. The floors were made of a light-blue
material that appeared to be some sort of marble. The walls were made of
pure white rock that had a diamond pattern carved into it.

"This place is gorgeous."

"Yes it is. I bet it’s really expensive to stay here."

"It’ll be fun, Tenchi. I wonder what the rooms look like."

"I bet they are quite luxurious, judging from this corridor." They finally
reached the front desk at the end of the corridor. There was a light green
skinned man sitting at the desk. He smiled up at Ryoko and Tenchi has they
approached.

"Good afternoon, madam and sir. How may I be of service to you?"

"Good afternoon," replied Tenchi. "We want to rent a room for the night." A
keyboard rose out of the desk, and he began typing furiously.

"It seems that all of our standard rooms are occupied. Would you be willing
to stay in an executive or honey moon sweet?"

"We would like a honey moon sweet," answered Ryoko before Tenchi could say
anything.

"Good choice. I need your name, sir, and your inter-solar-system credit
card." Both Ryoko and Tenchi sweatdropped.

"My name is Tenchi Misaki."

"Tenchi Misaki...hmm...I’ve heard that name before...hmmmmm...Oh yes, I
heard about you on the galaxy news channel. You are the newly discovered,
crown prince of Jurai. The news broadcast said that Yosho had given up his
claim to the throne, and since you were his descendant, you are the first
crown prince of Jurai."

"That’s correct."

"I need your inter-solar-system credit card now, please."

"Well...uh...you see..."

"We were robbed earlier today, and our credit cards, as well as our id’s
were stolen," Ryoko chimed in.

"I see. Well, since I recognize you from the picture they showed on the
broadcast, I don’t need your identification card so you should be able to
contact your bank and have them wire money to our office. The total comes to
5000 Jurai dollars for a one-night-stay."

"I will contact them in a moment, but we must use the restroom first. Could
you tell me where I can find them?"

"Go down the hallway to your right and make a left. The male restroom will
be the second door on your right, and the female restroom will be the first
door on the left." Ryoko and Tenchi headed down the hallway followed by the
cabbit. The man noticed the animal and frowned. All three of them entered
the men’s restroom, and they locked the door behind them.

"What are we going to do, Ryoko?"

"We have to contact Washu. I’m sure she can help us some how." Tenchi
pointed the Tenchi-ken at the cabbit.

"Contact Washu now," he commanded. The cabbit cocked it’s head at Tenchi.

"Miya?" Tenchi sweatdropped once again.

"Tenchi, it has to be in its spaceship form in order to transmit long
distance signals."

"Let’s go outside so it can change then." Ryoko picked up the cabbit and
grabbed Tenchi’s hand, and she teleported them to the outside of the
building. Tenchi commanded it to turn into a spaceship, and it obeyed. Ryoko
then teleported herself and Tenchi onto the deck of the ship. Tenchi
commanded the ship to contact Washu again, but it did nothing. He was
starting to get frustrated when Ryoko smiled at him.

"Please hand me the Tenchi-ken."

"Won’t it hurt you again?"

"Not if you hand it to me."

"If you say so." He handed her the Tenchi-ken, and she immediately commanded
the ship to show the location from which the last transmission came from. It
showed earth and a series of symbols and numbers.

"Send a transmission to this location, immediately." The ship responded with
a series of beeps. A minute later Washu’s face appeared on the screen.

"Hello. Calling for money?"

"Yes, how did you know," Ryoko demanded.

"They don’t call me the greatest scientific genius in the universe for
nothing."

"Washu, we need money for a hotel, food, and some clothing," said Tenchi. A
number flashed up on the screen.

"This is your bank account number, Tenchi. You can use it anywhere that
accepts inter-solar-system credit cards. There are 20,000 Jurai dollars in
your account."

"Thank you, Washu."

"What did you call me?"

"I mean, thank you, Little Washu."

"That’s better." Tenchi repeated the number over and over again in his head.
Once he was confident that he had it memorized, he asked Ryoko to teleport
them to the ground. Once they were on the ground, Ryoko pointed the
Tenchi-ken at their spaceship and told it to land and transform back into a
cabbit. Ryoko then teleported them all back into the men’s bathroom.

The man glanced at the clock on the wall behind him. His shift would end in
another hour, and he could go home and watch his favorite show. *I wonder
what’s taking those people so long. It shouldn’t take anyone that long to
use the bathroom.* Just then, Tenchi and Ryoko followed by the cabbit came
strolling up.

"I called the Bank of Jurai, and I got my account number," announced Tenchi.

"I see. May I have the number, please?" Tenchi gave him the number and
waited while the man typed it into his keyboard.

"It seems that everything is in order. Here’s your key." The man handed him
a key that resembled a credit card. "Your room number is 277. It’s located
on the third floor. The elevators are located at the end of the same hallway
that the bathrooms are on. Enjoy your stay at the Ritz-Leeman Hotel."

"Thank you," Ryoko said as she took Tenchi’s hand. They proceeded down the
hallway with the cabbit following close behind. They reached the end of the
hallway and found the elevators. Tenchi pressed the up button on the wall,
and the doors of the elevator on the right immediately opened. They walked
into the elevator, which had a circular interior. The doors closed after a
few seconds, and Tenchi found the control panel and pressed the button for
the third floor. The doors opened one second later, and they walked out.

"That’s the fastest elevator I’ve ever seen."

"That’s the first one I’ve ever been on, but I have read about them in
books." They continued down the hallway. The numbers on the doors were
counting down from 300, and they didn’t have to walk very far to find their
room. Tenchi inserted the card into the slot and waited for the door to
open, but the card was spit back out and Tenchi snatched it out of the air
by pure reflex. *Why won’t it accept the card?* He studied the card and
realized that he had inserted it upside down. He inserted it the right way
and the door opened. "What was wrong, Tenchi?" He laughed sheepishly.

"I stuck it in upside down." She smiled at him.

"So, the great prince of Jurai was outsmarted by a key to a hotel room, eh?"

"It doesn’t look like it, but these keys can be very cunning."

"I’m sure they can be. I wonder if they could out smart Washu."

"Nah. The only thing that can baffle her is Mihoshi’s luck." They both
laughed.

"You know, Tenchi, I wonder if Mihoshi is just lucky or if there is
something more to it."

"I do too, but I guess that’s just one of the great mysteries of the
universe." Tenchi realized that they hadn’t even entered the room yet. "I
think we should go into the room now."

"Oh, I almost forgot about it." They entered the room and their eyes widened
at what they saw. There was a blue velvet couch and chairs in the center of
the room. There was a golden-rimmed fireplace in the wall on the right side
of the room that was facing the couch. There was a big, flat screen TV above
the fireplace. The walls, themselves, were made out of a pure white marble,
and the carpeting on the floor was so thick that you could feel your foot
sinking in a little with each step. The carpet also matched the color of the
furniture. The walls were adorned with large pictures of various sunrises
and sunsets from many different planets. The ceiling had various planets
carved into its white surface. Tenchi thought that the ceiling could be made
of limestone, but he wasn’t completely sure.

Tenchi and Ryoko walked through the rest of the four-room suite. The kitchen
would have made Sasami drool. Tenchi noticed that the oven had three
settings: 5 seconds, 10 seconds, and 15 seconds. *I wonder if that is how
long it takes to cook food in it.* Ryoko walked passed the kitchen Ryoko
made her way past the kitchen and into the hallway. She went into the
bathroom and a smile spread across her face. The bathtub/Jacuzzi was about
five times the normal size. There were dual sinks on the gray marble
counter. The floor was made of light-brown, ceramic tiles, and the ceiling
had an image of a legendary Jurai queen who actually resembled Ayeka carved
into it. The white marble wall had a Jurai landscape carved into it, and it
brought a tear to Ryoko’s eye. She remembered that landscape very well. It
was very beautiful until it became stained with blood and scorched by flames
during her attack on Jurai. She could picture the looks of terror on the
people’s faces as they begged for their lives. She remembered others running
away from her with their children in their arms. She could see her energy
blast fly out from her hand and destroy them. She wanted so badly to stop
this from happening, and she cried out for these people in her mind, but she
couldn’t stop her body. Kagato had control of her like a ventriloquist does
his doll.

She fell to her knees and buried her face in her hands. New images began to
run through her head. She saw Tenchi chasing a butterfly by the cave, and
she saw him playing with images that she generated for him. She remembered
singing to him and watching the look of affection and wonder in his
beautiful brown eyes as he was captivated by her voice. She then thought
back to recent events. She finally had the one thing she desired
most...Tench’s love. She quit crying and calmed down. She stood up and faced
the carvings on the walls once more, but she no longer felt the great pain
the images brought her. Tenchi was truly her savior, her knight in shining
armor. She would still be in the cold blackness of the cave if it wasn’t for
him, but she now saw the light. Although it seemed impossible, the love she
felt for him grew even stronger, and she began to smile. Thanks to Tenchi,
she had shed her final tears, and it was now time to start anew.

She exited the bathroom and found Tenchi standing in awe of the bedroom.
There was a canopy bed that had a map of distant stars painted on it. The
bed was made of a dark wood that resembled cherry except that it was just a
little lighter. Beautiful pictures of gaseous planets lined the walls of the
room. The ceiling had a beautiful woman with wings on her back carved into
it, and it was possible to control the brightness of the lights. There was
another huge TV in the wall, and there was a sliding glass door for a window
that led to a canopy outside. "This place is wonderful," declared Tenchi
while still looking around.

"Yes, it is."

"We should go find a place to buy you some new clothes, and then check out
the recreational facilities."

"I agree, Ryoko. Let’s go." They walked out onto the balcony and looked
down. No one was around, and Ryoko grabbed a hold of Tenchi and flew to the
ground. "What about the cabbit?"

"Just command it to stay in the hotel room."

"I don’t think I locked the front door, either."

"I’ll go check." She teleported away, but she reappeared in a few seconds.
"The door has been locked, and I commanded the cabbit to stay in the room.
Here’s your sword." She tossed him the Tenchi-ken, and he clumsily caught
it.

"Which way should we go?"

"I think we should head to the right."

"Okay." They turned to the right and began walking. They walked around the
motel and onto the pathway that would take them down the block. A few cars
went screaming by overhead, and that’s when Tenchi looked up and noticed
that there was only one huge parking spot for each block. *I’m glad that we
don’t live in this place.*

"Hey Tenchi, do you want to ride a cab?" She pointed to the taxi station
ahead of them and to the left.

"I don’t know Ryoko. This transit system is very confusing."

"We’ll figure it out. At least we would be able to find a shopping center
quicker."

"If you say so."

"I do." They headed into the taxi station and found a light green skinned
woman at the help counter.

"How may I help you two, today?"

"We want to take a cab to the largest shopping center in the city," answered
Ryoko. The woman began typing on a keyboard that rose out of the desk.

"You will have to wait about five minutes for the next cab. The cost comes
to 95 Jurai dollars." Tenchi told her the bank account number that Washu had
given him.

"Everything’s in order. Please step into pod 10 and enjoy your trip." She
pointed to the elevators on the wall. Ryoko spotted the one numbered 10 and
grabbed Tenchi’s hand. She practically dragged him over to it and stepped
inside. It was just like the elevators at the hotel, but it didn’t have a
control panel. The doors closed behind them and opened a second later. They
stepped out and noticed that they were outside. They walked on a walkway out
to a red square that was blocked off by a waist-high gate. They sat down on
a bench and looked at the town below them. *I wonder why we are way up here
while the rest of the cars are so far below,* Tenchi thought to himself.

A flying black vehicle landed in the center of the square. "It looks like a
giant egg," Ryoko said with a bewildered look on her face.

"Yeah, it does." A man stuck his head through the top of the egg-like
spaceship.

"Are you two going to get on, or are you just going to sit there for the
rest of the day?" Both Tenchi and Ryoko stood up simultaneously.

"How, exactly, do you get in this thing?" Tenchi asked while scratching the
back of his head.

"The walls aren’t solid. Just step right through."

"Okay." Tenchi put his hand through first to make sure that it wasn’t solid.
Then, he stuck his foot in and touched the floor. Next, he inserted his head
and had a look inside. *It looks like the interior of any normal earth car.*
He went the rest of the way through the wall and sat down in the seat. Ryoko
followed him, but she floated to the other seat beside him.

"I take it that you guys aren’t from around here."

"No, we’re from earth, actually," Tenchi replied.

"Earth!?!? I thought that planet was a non-interaction planet."

"It is, but there are a few people on earth who are capable of space travel
beyond their solar system," Ryoko answered.

"I see. Well, you’re the first two earthlings I’ve ever met. My name is
Caleeb."

"My name is Tenchi, and this is Ryoko."

"It’s a pleasure to meet you. I can’t wait to tell the guys back at the
station that I had people from earth in my cab! So, where do you guys want
to go?"

"A shopping center where we can buy some clothing and other items," Tenchi
said as he fastened his seat belt.

"No problem. I’ll take you to the best shopping center in the area."

"Thanks."

"No thank you. It’s a pleasure having you guys in my cab." The cab suddenly
flew up into the air and away from the taxi ports.

"Why don’t we fly down there with all of the other cars?" Tenchi asked.

"All public transit and emergency vehicles fly at this altitude."

"I see." Tenchi tried to stick his hand through the wall, but he discovered
that it became solid. The cab driver noticed this in the rear-view mirror.

"The walls solidify when the car is in motion, when I press a button, or
when I get out and lock up the car. They’re just like a door, but better."

"That’s interesting. I’m surprised that our hotel room doesn’t have doors
like that."

"Well, they’re only found on cars right now, and they wouldn’t be practical
for a hotel anyway. It scans your DNA and confirms that you are the owner of
the car before the walls unlock."

"I see your point." The car came to a stop, and Tenchi and Ryoko could feel
it descending.

"We’ve arrived at our destination. Do you want me to return at a certain
time to pick you up?"

"No thanks. We’ve got everything covered," Ryoko replied.

"Okay. Enjoy your shopping trip and the rest of your stay on this planet."

"We will. Take it easy," Tenchi said as he and Ryoko got out of the cab.
Once they were clear of the vehicle, it flew up into the sky and headed back
to the taxi station. "He seemed like a nice guy."

"Yeah, he did. So, where do you want to go first?"

"Well, I’ve got to get some clothes, but is there anything else that we
need?"

"Well...we need toothbrushes, toothpaste, shampoo, razors, shaving cream,
bathing suits, deodorant, and a bottle of wine."

"There was a bottle of wine in the refrigerator back at the hotel, and I
think they furnish all the other hygiene products that we need."

"Then all we need to get is your clothes and some lunch."

"Shall we shop, then?" Tenchi asked as he held out his hand.

"Let’s go." She replied as she took his hand. They followed the directional
signs and found the elevators that led to the shopping area. They were just
as quick as the ones at the hotel and taxi station, and Tenchi and Ryoko
stepped out into a huge area with shops on three different floors.

"This look a lot like the mall in Japan, but it’s a lot bigger and more
elaborate." Tenchi declared.

"So, this is what a mall is like?"

"Yes, but the ones on earth aren’t this nice."

"Wow! This is great! But where would you find any clothes at?"

"We’ll just have to walk around until we find a clothing store." As Tenchi
looked around, he noticed a machine that looked a lot like an ATM machine
back on earth. *I wonder if I can get cash out of my bank account with
that.* "Ryoko, I’ll be right back. Don’t go anywhere, okay?"

"Okay." Tenchi walked over to the machine and read the on-screen display.
Then, he entered his bank account number that Washu gave him and followed
the instructions. He returned and took Ryoko’s hand with a smile on his face
a few minutes later.

"What are you so happy about?"

"Well, we now have actual currency, and I’m here with you."

"Your sweet," she said as she gave him a quick kiss. The couple walked
around the huge mall for about an hour before Tenchi found a clothing store
that had some clothes that he liked. He wasn’t necessarily picky, but he
wanted something he could actually wear on earth and not be out of place.

He ended up purchasing three outfits and a bathing suit, while Ryoko found a
bathing suit in the store located on the floor directly above him. She
usually swam in the nude and had no need for a bathing suit, but she and
Tenchi were going to swim in the hotel pool. She normally wouldn’t care, but
she wanted her day with Tenchi to be completely perfect. When she purchased
the bathing suit with the money Tenchi had given her, she flew down to the
next floor where she found sitting on a bench waiting for her. He looked up
at her and smiled as she floated down. She sat down on the bench next to him
and laid her head on his shoulder. Tenchi put his arm around her, and they
sat there for a few minutes before Ryoko interrupted their peace. "Are you
ready to go back to the hotel, Tenchi?"

"What about lunch?" A seductive smile spread across her face.

"Don’t worry about that, Tenchi." She said as she moved to kiss him. As
their lips met, Tenchi found himself back in the hotel room sitting on the
bed. They continued to kiss as Ryoko wrapped her arms around him. She pulled
away from him and looked into his eyes. "I love you with all of my soul,
Tenchi."

"I love you too." He could see a yearning in her eyes and a wild look on her
face. He yearned for her embrace as much as she did his, and he held her
tightly and kissed her with immense passion. (Sorry, but I’m still
maintaining the non-lemon status of this story.)

Tenchi lay on the bed beside his beautiful soul mate. He ran his fingers
threw her soft cyan hair and reflected over his life since Ryoko had become
a part of it. He cherished every moment of it, including the bad times. One
wouldn’t know what good times are without the bad times. Right now, his life
was perfect. He had a beautiful daughter and the loveliest woman in the
world at his side. He also had the most diverse, yet greatest friends and
family in the world. What more could you ask for?

Ryoko enjoyed being so close to him. She loved his touch and the sound of
his heart beating. She never wanted this moment to end, but it did when
Tenchi’s stomach growled very loudly. "I suppose it’s time we got a bite to
eat," Ryoko said with a warm smile.

"Yeah. I’m starving."

"Shall I call room service?"

"Yes, I would really appreciate it."

"Okay. We can go swimming after we eat, then."

"Yes, but we’ll have to wait about a half hour after we’ve eaten."

"That shouldn’t be a problem. It’ll probably take that long to find the
pool."

"Yeah, no kidding. This place is huge." Ryoko rolled over on her side and
sat up. She grabbed the phone and dialed 1 for room service. Tenchi also sat
up and walked into the bathroom. His face was a little scruffy, so he
decided to have a quick shave. He found a brand-new razor in the drawer and
a small can of shaving cream. *This hotel is really nice. I wouldn’t mind
coming back here for another vacation in a few months.*

Ryoko didn’t recognize any of the food that the hotel had available, and she
just picked out what sounded best. Tenchi emerged from the bathroom a few
minutes later and sat down on the bed.

"They said the food would be here in approximately 20 minutes."

"That’s great. I’m in dire need of it."

"I’m just hoping that it tastes decent. I have no idea what I ordered."

"I’m sure it will."

Their food arrived on time, and soon Tenchi and Ryoko were seated at the
kitchen table eating it. Tenchi ended up with a huge, sub-like sandwich
filled with meatballs, spaghetti sauce, and cheese. Ryoko had what appeared
to be a large burger filled with meat, cheese, and a substance plant that
resembled ground up lettuce. Both Ryoko and Tenchi were thoroughly enjoying
their meals, and the food disappeared within a few minutes. Tenchi sat back
in his chair and sighed happily. "That was a great meal. I’m stuffed," he
declared as he patted his stomach.

"Yes, that was great. The food on this planet is really good."

"I’ll say...but it’s still not as good as Sasami’s cooking."

"You’re right about that."

Both Tenchi and Ryoko promptly cleaned up their messes before changing into
their swimming suits. Ryoko’s bathing suit was a white, two-piece bikini
that hugged her form very tightly and complemented her gorgeous figure.
Tenchi’s black swimming trunks went down a few inches above his knee. Since
Ryoko could just phase in her clothing, she was done much earlier than
Tenchi, and she waited somewhat impatiently on the couch for him to finish.

Tenchi finished changing his clothing fairly quickly, and he went into the
bathroom to grab two towels for him and Ryoko to dry off with once they had
finished swimming. He grabbed a pair of disposable slippers that the hotel
provided and slipped them on his feet. He grabbed a second pair for Ryoko to
wear and started to walk out of the bathroom, when he decided that she
wouldn’t need them. He put them back in the container and headed out to the
living room where he found Ryoko waiting for him on the couch.

"What took you so long?" She said with a slight tone of annoyance in her
voice. He sweatdropped.

"I was only gone for a few minutes," he paused for a moment. "Shall we go?"
She disappeared, and reappeared beside him.

"Yes, but how do we get there?"

"Don’t worry. We’ll find our way." Tenchi used his Tenchi-ken to command the
cabbit to stay in the living room, and then he laid the sword down on the
kitchen counter behind the toaster. He and Ryoko left the room, and he
locked the door behind them.

"I suppose that the pool will have to be located on the ground floor."

"Yeah, Ryoko, you’re probably right." They walked to the elevators, hand in
hand. Due to the speed of the elevators, it took them only a few moments to
reach the first floor. As they stepped out, it occurred to Tenchi that this
was going to be a little harder than he thought. "We have two options...we
can go left or right." Ryoko rubbed her chin for a moment and glanced both
ways.

"Why don’t we go both ways?"

"You mean split up?"

"No," she said as she split herself into two people. "We’ll go to the right
and..."

"I’ll go to the left," her other self finished.

"Oh, ok. That sounds like a good plan."

Their search turned up absolutely nothing after 20 minutes of wandering
around the many hallways that filled the hotel. *I didn’t realize just how
big this hotel was. We’re never going to find it at this rate,* Tenchi
thought to himself.

Ryoko’s other self rounded a corner at the end of one hallway and started
down another hallway. She walked past two doors before a light-green skinned
cleaning woman walked out of the room directly in front of her pushing a
very complex looking device that could only be a cleaning cart. "Excuse me,
but could you tell me where the pool is?"

"Hmm...if you head down this hallway and take the last possible right,
you’ll find all of the hotel’s recreational facilities as well as one of the
two restaurants."

"Thank you." Ryoko slowly walked down the hallway and waited for the
cleaning lady to enter another room.

Tenchi was still deep in thought when Ryoko grabbed his arm and teleported
him to where her other self was located. Then, both Ryoko’s disappeared and
reappeared as one. "I found the pool," she declared with a big grin on her
face.

"Where is it?"

"Just follow me." She took his hand in hers and headed down the hallway. She
took the last right, like the maid had told her to do, and she saw a
wide-open area lined with arcade games. There was also an entrance to the
hotel’s restaurant, but there weren’t any pools. The walked farther into the
room and saw some signs with arrows pointing to various areas. One sign in
particular caught both of their attentions. "Private Pool Access Help Desk.
Hmm...they have private pools. I wonder if one’s available right now."

"Yeah, and I wonder how much it costs. We should be able to afford it for a
few hours or so."

"Did you bring any money with you?"

"Uhh...no. I left it back at the hotel room."

"Where at in the room?"

"In the drawer of the night stand on my side of the bed."

"Which side is that?"

"Umm...as you walked into the room, it would be on the left, I believe."

"Ok, I’m going to go find an area where there are no people and teleport to
the room. You should go to the desk and find out if the pool is available or
not, and fill out any necessary paper work if it is while I’m gone."

"Good idea." She raised two fingers to her lips and kissed them, and then
she touched them to Tenchi’s lips. She smiled at him and walked away.

Tenchi picked up a brochure about special attractions in the city as he
walked over to the desk. He pressed the "ring for service" buzzer and waited
for service. A few moments later a pretty, light-green skinned woman
approached the counter and smiled. "How may I help you, sir?"

"How much does it cost to rent a private pool?"

"That depends on how long you intend to use it. We offer quarter, half, and
whole day rentals."

"How much would the quarter-day rental be?"

"2,500 Jurai dollars"

"That’s fine. I’ll take it."

"When do you want it?"

"Now."

"Hmm...let me see if one is available." She punched in a code on her
computer. "Private pool number four is available for a quarter-day rental."

"That’s great." He reached in his pockets, but he didn’t find any money.
*Damn, I forgot that I don’t have any money with me. I hope Ryoko returns
soon.*

"Ok, your name is?"

"Tenchi Masaki."

"How do you intend to pay, cash or credit?"

"Cash." Luckily, Ryoko walked up and put a hand on his shoulder.

"Miss me, Tenchi?"

"Yes. Did you find the money?"

"What would you give me if I did?"

"Six hours in our own private pool."

"That’s good enough for me." She handed him the money, and he counted out
$2,500 Jurai dollars.

"Here is the money for the pool." He handed it to the woman, and she typed
in the data on her computer and a drawer opened up. She put the in the
drawer and handed him a key and an "In Use" sign to hang from the door.

"Enjoy your swim," she said with a friendly smile.

"Thanks, we will," Tenchi smiled back, and he and Ryoko headed in the
direction that the sign above them pointed to. As they walked, the passed
private pool number 1 on their right and private pool number 2 on their
left.

"We’re headed in the right direction," Ryoko declared.

"Yeah, that’s for sure." They walked a bit farther until they found pool
number 4.

"This is it. It only took us about a half hour to find it."

"At least we did find it, thanks to me. You men have no sense of direction."

"I would have found it eventually."

"Yeah, and by then, the hotel would have crumbled to pieces from age."

"Ha. Ha. You’re so funny." (sarcastically spoken)

"I know. I’m also beautiful. So that would make me one grand package for the
man lucky enough to unwrap me."

"Now that I agree with. Hmm...and is there a lucky man?"

"Well, let’s see...there’s...um...uhhh...." She smiled at him. "You."

"I am indeed lucky...lucky to have a goddess for a girlfriend."

"Well, I’m not a goddess, but close enough." She kissed him as he turned the
key to unlock the door. He broke the kiss and opened the door.

"After you." He bowed and motioned for her to enter. She nodded and walked
in. The room was huge. The pool, which was quite large itself, was
surrounded by at least 20 ft. of deck on each side. The deck contained large
pieces of various stones of different colors all smoothed down and separated
by grout. There was a towel rack filled with fresh towels, and ten reclining
lounge chairs and three different, circular, marble tables. One was composed
of a dark marble that had small curvy lines running through it, one was
composed of an almost entirely white marble, and the last one was composed
of a marble with various shades of brown, gray, and pearl spread evenly
throughout. The tables were about 10 feet apart and were on the right side
of the pool, while the lounge chairs were about five feet apart and arranged
in two rows on the left side of the pool. There was a small control unit on
the far back wall for setting the temperature of the pool water. The pool,
itself, was a site to behold. One-inch by one-inch tiles composed the
surface of the walls and floor. They were all arranged to paint a picture of
an animal that resembled a deer, except it was black and green striped and
had three large, sharp horns protruding from its head. The tiles surrounding
the beast were dark blue. The pool’s size was about 25 ft. by 50 ft. It had
a deep end and a shallow end with a swim out (small place to sit) on the
right and left sides of the deep end. On the ceiling of the room, a
landscape of three of these green and black deer-like creatures in a jungle
was painted in grand detail. "Wow! This is incredible. I can’t imagine the
amount of time the workers spent laying the tile in the pool, laying the
deck, and painting the ceiling."

"Well, this room surely wasn’t built overnight."

"No kidding. I bet this cost a pretty penny."

"A few pretty pennies." Tenchi kicked off his slippers and walked over to
the edge of the pool and tested the water with his foot.

"That just a little chilly, I’ll go turn up the heat a notch."

"Ok." Ryoko sat down in one of the lounge chairs while Tenchi adjusted the
temperature. Once he was done, he sat down in the chair on Ryoko’s left and
sighed happily.

"This is great. We should bring the rest of the family up here in sometime.
I’m sure Ayeka would love all of the amenities of this place, and Grandpa
would love all of the beautiful artwork and such. Dad would marvel over the
architecture, and Sasami, Mihoshi, and Ryo-ohki would love the mall. Kiyone
would finally be able to relax, and Washu could have a break from her lab
work."

"Yeah, we should make plans to come up here on the next holiday. I wonder
what the others have been doing at home."

"Probably stuff they normally do when we’re there. Ryo-ohki has probably
eaten up all the carrots in the storage room, and Sasami won’t have any to
cook with."

"I guess someone will have to go to work when they get home."

"Yeah, but it’s no big deal. It’s calm and peaceful in the carrot fields,
and I can focus my thoughts." Ryoko phased out and phased back in by the
edge of the pool, and she stuck her foot in to test the water temperature.

"It’s warm enough to swim, Tenchi."

"Ok." He stood up and walked over the edge of the deep part of the pool. He
took in a breath of air and held it as he dove in. He swam down to the
bottom of the pool and pushed off the bottom. He shot back up to the surface
just in time to be splashed in the eyes by Ryoko’s dive in the pool. He
wiped his eyes just as someone grabbed his ankles and pulled him under. He
just barely had time to take in a breath before he was submerged. He looked
down to see Ryoko smile and let go of his ankles. He swam up to the surface,
and she swam up in front of him.

"Gotcha."

"Yeah, I owe you one."

"You’ll have to catch me first." She swam towards the shallow end, and
Tenchi followed her. Ryoko glided though the water with the grace and ease
of a dolphin, and Tenchi swam though it with the awkwardness of a dog. His
speed was good though, and he almost was able to grab Ryoko’s leg a few
times as they swam around the pool. Ryoko finally stopped and turned around.
Tenchi also stopped and looked at her. "I give up. You win." She said with a
smile.

He reached up and ran his fingers through her wet hair and smiled. Then, he
dunked her without warning. She came back up to the surface and crossed her
arms in the water. "That was sneaky."

"Yeah, it was, wasn’t it? Now we’re even."

"I guess we are." She split herself into two people, and her other self
appeared behind Tenchi and put her hands on his shoulders and pushed him
under the water. His eyes widen with surprise and he was just able to draw
in a breath before his head fell beneath the surface. Ryoko laughed and both
of her selves phased out and reappeared as one. When Tenchi surfaced, he
noticed the big grin on her face. "And I thought I was sneaky."

"You are, but you’re just not as sneaky as I am."

"That’s true. Shall we call a truce to this little dunking game?"

"Yeah. We should have a race, instead."

"A race?"

"Yup. I’ll race you from the wall of the far wall off the shallow end to the
far wall of the deep end."

"You’re on." They swam down to their starting positions. "Let’s go on the
count of three. 1. 2. 3!" They pushed off the walls and began swimming as
hard as they could. Well, Ryoko could have traveled a lot faster, but she
didn’t use any of her powers. She wanted the race to be fair as possible.
She even slowed her pace to compensate for her greater physical speed and
strength, but she would never tell Tenchi that.

They race was a close one as they pushed off the back wall of the deep end
at the same time. Ryoko’s push off allowed her to gain half a body length on
him, though. Tenchi went all out, but he couldn’t gain back the ground he’d
lost. *I could use my own power and beat her, but that wouldn’t be fair
since she isn’t using her powers. I’ll just let her win this one and
challenge her to another race.* Ryoko touched the wall on the shallow end
and stood up. Tenchi did the same thing a few seconds later. "You won this
one, but how about a rematch?"

"Okay."

"Use your powers in the rematch."

"But that wouldn’t be fair." The emblem of power on Tenchi’s forehead
appeared and began to glow.

          "It wouldn’t be fair for you if you didn’t." He said with a smile.
          She smiled back at him. "I beat you without using powers, and now
          I’ll beat you with them."

"We’ll see. Go whenever you’re ready." Ryoko and Tenchi took off at almost
the same time. Each of them flew through the water at an incredibly high
speed. They reached the other side of the pool in under a second, and Tenchi
speed up so much after he touched the back wall, that he appeared as a
streak in the water. He beat Ryoko to the wall in the shallow end by a half
a second.

"It looks like you won thi..." She was cut off by a big wave slamming into
her. Tenchi ducked under the water to avoid it and came up laughing at her.

"I guess we really stirred up the water in that last race."

"Yeah, you could say that."

"That’s about enough racing for me. You won one, and I won one. Let’s call
it even."

"Sounds good to me." Ryoko started doing a lazy back stoke down to the other
side of the pool. "You know, this is the first time I’ve even been in a
swimming pool."

"Really?"

"Yeah, I guess this little trip has been full of first time experiences."

"For the both of us."

"That’s true. This trip started off very glumly, but it will end well."

"Very well, indeed." He said with a grin. She looked at him questioningly.

"What do you have up your sleeve, now?"

"You’ll have to wait and see."

"Come on Tenchi, what’s up? Just tell me."

"Nope. You’ll just have to wait." She mock pouted.

"Ok, fine."

"I’m getting pretty thirsty. Do you want something to drink?"

"I could go for a glass of sake."

"Ok, I’ll go call room service." Tenchi got out of the pool and grabbed a
towel to dry himself off. Ryoko floated on her back and looked up at the
ceiling. *That’s such a beautiful painting. I wonder how long it took the
guy who painted it. The level of detail is incredible. There are even veins
on the leaves.* "They said it would be few minutes for the drinks to be
delivered."

"Ok. I had better get out of the pool and dry off." She disappeared and
reappeared a minute later, completely dry. She took a seat across the dark
marble table from Tenchi. She gazed into his eyes and smiled brightly. He
shifted in his seat nervously as she stared at him.

"Um...what is it?"

"Your eyes. Did I ever tell you that you have the most beautiful brown
eyes?"

"No."

"Well, you do." He also smiled.

"Did I ever tell you that you are the most beautiful flower I’ve ever laid
eyes on?"

"No, you haven’t."

"You’re that and so much more." They stood up and leaned across the table.
Just as they were about to kiss there was a knock on the door. They smiled
at each other then burst out laughing.

"There goes that moment."

"Yep, right down the tubes."

"Oh well, you’d better go get our drinks before they think they have the
wrong room or something."

"Ok. I’ll be right back." He walked over to the door, and returned a minute
later with the drinks in hand. He sipped his water as he handed her the
glass of sake.

"Thank you." She took a sip of the sake.

"You’re welcome."

"They have good sake here. It’s better than the stuff back home."

"Yeah, it’s probably some of the best quality just like everything else in
this hotel." She nodded.

"Mmmhmm."

"The water tastes the same as the stuff back on earth."

"If it didn’t, I would be worried if I were you." He laughed.

"Yeah. That would be pretty weird." Their drinks slowly disappeared as they
reflected over times of the past. When Tenchi took his last sip of water, he
smiled and stood up. "I’m going back in the pool for another swim."

"Ok. I’ll join you." Tenchi dove in the deep end followed by Ryoko. Tenchi
swam down to and along the bottom until he reached the wall. Then, he pushed
off the bottom and soared to the surface. Ryoko came to the surface a minute
later. "Hey Tenchi." He turned around just in time to catch a splash of
water in the face. He wiped his eyes and splashed some water at her, but she
went under to avoid it. She teleported beside him and splashed him again.

"I see how you want to play." He splashed at her, but she went under again.
He smiled as the three triangles on his forehead appeared and began to glow.
The lighthawk wings appeared and he sent one of the wings to the spot where
Ryoko was going to surface. He waited until her head pierced the surface
before he made the wing swoop down into the water and send a splash of water
right into Ryoko’s face. She yelled out in surprise and Tenchi laughed.

"You’re not the only who can be sneaky."

"No, but I have a few more tricks up my sleeve." She split herself into two
people and each of them grinned. "Let’s see you get both of us before we get
you."

"No problem." He sent two more wings forth and each of them sent a splash of
water at the two Ryokos but they each disappeared before the water could hit
them. They reappeared on each side of Tenchi and attempted to splash him. He
went under them, and they had to go under too, to avoid the incoming water
they had intended to hit Tenchi. Tenchi surfaced and sent all three of his
wings to surround the spots where the two Ryokos were going to surface.
Instead of surfacing though, one of them teleported behind Tenchi and held
him while the other one teleported in front of him and splashed him. "Ok,
ok, you win," he declared while wiping his eyes. Both Ryokos disappeared and
reappeared as one in front of him.

"Of course I did. I am now the queen of splas..." She was cut off by water
splashing her in the face.

"Now, we’re even," he beamed a smile.

"Yep. We’re even." Tenchi pushed off the wall and did a series of flips on
his way to the bottom. Once he reached the bottom, he pushed off and flew
straight up. He came up out of the water to his waist before falling back
below the surface. With two kicks, he broke the surface of the water with
his head.

"It feels great to swim! I haven’t been swimming for a few years, and I had
forgotten what it was like to feel weightless in the soothing water."

"Yeah, one feels free in water. It’s the same way I feel when I fly."

"I’ve only used my powers to fly once, and that was to save you."

"I’m sorry for putting you through all that. I really thought you hated me,
and I didn’t want to live, anymore."

"I’ll always love you, and I’ll always be by your side, Ryoko. Don’t ever do
anything crazy like that, again."

"I won’t, Tenchi, you have my word on that." She swam under the water and
surfaced in front of him. She grabbed his shoulders and leaned in to kiss
him, but at the last second, she backed off and splashed him. He wiped his
eyes and smiled at her.

"You’re always doing something unexpected. That’s just one of many things I
love about you." A serious look came over her face.

"I love everything about you since the first day I saw you. I knew you would
be the one to free me from that dark hell that I was imprisoned in."

"That’s all in the past. You’re free now, and you’ve conquered my heart for
all eternity."

"I know," she said with a happy smile.

Time flew by, and before they knew it, their rental time was almost up.
Tenchi walked up the steps in the shallow end and over to the towel rack. He
grabbed a towel and began drying himself off. Ryoko disappeared, once again,
and reappeared a minute later bone dry.

"I’m going to go to the room and put on some dry clothes, I’ll be right
back," Tenchi said as the power emblem on his forehead appeared and began to
glow. The wings of the lighthawk appeared and wrapped around him, and he
disappeared.

Ryoko phased out and phased back in wearing a lovely black dress. It was a
sleeveless dress that went down to her knees. It was cut low at the top and
revealed quite a bit of cleavage. It was tight around her waist which made
her gorgeous figure stand out even more. There was a golden flower on each
shoulder, and sparkles in the skirt part of the dress. She also had on black
high-heels to match her dress. The lighthawk wings appeared a few feet from
her. They unfolded and Tenchi stepped forward. The wings disappeared and so
did the triangles on his forehead. He was wearing one of the suits he bought
at the mall. It was all black, except for the two white stripes that were
located on the end of the sleeves and pant legs. There was also one thick
white striped that wrapped around his waste.

"You look great," they said simultaneously.

"I’ve never seen you wear that dress before."

"The need has never arisen. That new suit looks nice on you."

"Thanks. I thought the stripes were a little off, but oh well."

"Nah, they would make you look better, if such a feat were possible." He
blushed slightly.

"Thanks. Well, our time’s up. Let’s go return the key, and then get
something to eat at the hotel’s restaurant."

"Sounds good to me." Tenchi picked up the money that Ryoko had laid on one
of the tables, and they left. Ryoko hit the "ring for service" buzzer as
soon as they approached the counter. A different lady approached the counter
this time around.

"I’m returning the key to the pool that I rented," Tenchi said as he handed
her the key.

"Thank you. How was your experience there?"

"It was great. I was very pleased. The pool room was beautiful."

"Yes, the artist who painted all of those rooms is very good. He’ll be
unveiling his work on the city capitol building next week. If your in town,
you should stop by."

"Unfortunately, we have to leave tomorrow, so we won’t be able to see it."

"That’s too bad. I’ve heard that it’s supposed to be his greatest work yet."

"We might take another vacation here in a few months and see it then," Ryoko
chimed in.

"Hey, aren’t you Lord Tenchi, the first crowned prince of Jurai?"

"Yes, I am, and this is Ryoko."

"It’s a pleasure to meet you both." Ryoko and Tenchi shook hands with her.

"Well, we must be off to dinner."

"Ok, enjoy your meal."

"Thanks, we will." Tenchi and Ryoko walked away hand in hand and headed for
the restaurant. Upon arrival, and light-green skinned man in a red suit
greeted them.

"Do you have reservations?"

"No sir," Tenchi said with a concerned look on his face.

"Hmm...Let me see if I have anything available." He looked at his clipboard
for a moment. "You’re in luck. We have three different tables available. We
have a booth and a table with chairs."

"We’ll take the table with chairs," announced Ryoko.

"Ok. Follow me." He turned around and began walked forward. He rounded a
corner walked down an aisle of tables. He walked around another corner
before stopping at an empty table. "Here we are. Your waitress should be by
shortly."

Tenchi slipped him a few hundred Jurai dollars and whispered into his ear,
"I want this dinner to be very romantic." The man nodded and walked off.

"What was that all about?" Ryoko asked with a quizzical look on her face.

"Oh, nothing much." She could tell that he was lying because of the huge
grin on his face, but she decided to let him have his fun.

A few minutes later, a young light-greened skinned man in the same type of
suit as the coordinator of the seating arrangements carefully walked up to
the table with a big, round tray held just above his head. He sat the tray
down at the edge of the table and removed two candles and candle holders
from it and set them up on the table. Then, he light both candles and handed
both Ryoko and Tenchi a menu. He picked up the tray and nodded to someone in
the background, and the lights were dimmed. Candles were brought to everyone
else’s tables soon after. A beautiful, soft song began playing, and it added
to the atmosphere. Ryoko glanced up from her menu to see Tenchi looking at
her.

"Did you have anything to do with this?" She said with her lips slightly
curved up into a smile.

"Who, me?" He asked innocently, but his grin gave him away, again.

"This was so sweet. Thank you."

"You’re welcome. I just wanted to have a romantic dinner with the woman I
love."

"She appreciates it very much."

"I’m glad to hear it." Their waiter returned with a small notepad and a pen.

"Are you ready to order?"

"What would you recommend?" Ryoko asked.

"The zechhi steak has been deemed the best in the planet by the President,
himself." Ryoko nodded.

"I’ll go ahead and try it."

"And what will you be having, sir?"

"I’ll have the same."

"Ok, that’s two zechhi steaks. What can I get you to drink?"

"I’ll have sake," Ryoko declared.

"I’ll have water."

"I’ll be back with your drinks in just a moment." He quickly walked away.

"Didn’t you have zechhi steak at the first restaurant we ate at?"

"Yes, and it was the best cut of meat I’ve ever had the pleasure of eating."

"I can’t wait to try it, then." Their waiter returned with their drinks
within a few minutes. He sat them down on the table and disappeared around
the corner. Ryoko sipped her sake. "A lady could get used to this."

"Yeah, we’ll definitely have to come back here in the near future."

In another ten minutes, their food arrived. The waiter carefully placed the
orders in front of them. "Is there anything else I can get you?"

"I would like to have another glass of sake."

"And I could use another glass of water."

"No problem," he said as he picked up their empty glasses and placed them on
his tray. He walked off and stopped at a few other tables on his way back to
the kitchen. Ryoko took her knife and fork and cut a small piece off of the
huge steak and raised it to her mouth.

"Mmmmmm, this is really good." Tenchi nodded in agreement as he couldn’t
speak due to a mouthful of the delicious steak.

"This is the best steak I’ve ever eaten. This is even better than the steak
at that other restaurant. This steak alone is only reason I need to come
back here."

"Yes, this is the best food I’ve ever had, period, and their sake is also
better than any I’ve had on earth."

The food vanished in a very short period of time. The steaks were so large
that Ryoko had to help Tenchi eat part of his. The waiter came by with one
final round of drinks and the bill Tenchi gave him a 50-Jurai dollar tip,
which he was quite pleased to receive to say the least, and paid the bill.
After they finished their drinks, Tenchi stood up. "Shall we go for a walk?"

"Sounds good to me." She stood up and blew out the candles. Tenchi extended
his hand and she took it in hers, and they walked out of the restaurant.
They headed for the doors in the huge arcade room that lead outside. *It
should happen at anytime now,* he thought gleefully. They walked down to the
waterfront and looked up at the three gorgeous moons in the dark, starlit
sky.

"This is such a beautiful planet," Ryoko said as she put her hands on the
railing and breathed in the refreshing night air.

"Yes it is, but it’s still not the same as earth."

"I know. Earth is our home, even though this is a nice place to visit."

"That’s true." Tenchi kept glancing up to the sky, and Ryoko finally noticed
it.

"Why do you keep looking up at the sky?" He smiled.

"I still have a couple of surprised in store for you tonight."

"You do, huh? This day has been the best of my life. There isn’t anything
that can make it any better."

"Sure there is. Just wait and see." They walked along the waterfront until
the entire city was behind them. They climbed up a large hill that
overlooked the huge body of water, and sat down at the top.

"Ah, here it comes." Tenchi said as he stood up. Ryoko also stood up as she
saw what he was talking about. A large comet lit up the sky as it flew over
the horizon. It flew up over their heads, and it was so close that they
could make out the craters on the surface of it. Thousands of small pieces
of it lit up as they burned up in the planets atmosphere. Ryoko laid her
head on Tenchi’s shoulder as they beheld the spectacle in complete silence.
It was as if time froze during the comets short flight over the planet. It
was all over in a few minutes, but neither Tenchi nor Ryoko dared to speak.
It was if neither of them wanted that moment in time to end. Finally, Tenchi
turned Ryoko around to face him. Then, he got down on one knee and took her
hand in his left hand while he reached into his pocket with his right hand.
He pulled out a small box and opened it.

"Ryoko, will you marry me?" He asked as he handed her the box. She was
rendered speechless by her great shock and surprise. She looked into his
eyes which reflected the moonlight and his love for her, and she smiled the
happiest smile ever conceived.

"Of course I’ll marry you, my darling." A tear of happiness fell down her
cheek. She just let it fall as she slipped on the exquisite ring that was in
the box. More tears flowed from her eyes and Tenchi stood up and wiped them
away.

"Why are you crying?"

"Because I’m so happy. I have dreamed of this since the first day I saw you,
and now my dream has come true." She hugged him close and cried into his
shoulder. Tenchi shed a few tears of his own as he stared at the moon.
Finally, he pulled her back and looked into her yellow, catlike eyes. He
smiled and brought his face closer to his. He tilted up her chin, and they
kissed with immense passion. They could taste each other’s tears as they
flowed freely from their eyes. For that brief moment in time, the universe
was centered only around them.

Tenchi broke the kiss and looked into her eyes once again. Neither of them
said a word as Ryoko teleported them back to their bedroom. She sat down on
the bed as Tenchi caressed her cheek. Tenchi sat down beside her, and they
leaned in and kissed once again. They kicked off their shoes and laid back
on the bed. Ryoko ran her fingers through his spiky hair. "I love you,
Tenchi."

"I love you to, Ryoko."

Tenchi awoke the next morning in the arms of his beautiful wife to be. He
smiled as he thought about yesterday’s events. He rolled out of her grasp
and sat up on the bed. Ryoko moaned and opened her eyes. "Good morning,
Ryoko."

"Good morning, Tenchi." She rolled over and sat up. She looked at her ring
in the light and realized just how beautiful it was. The band was made out
of gold and had a T on one side and a R on the other side of a huge blue gem
that was cut like a diamond. "Wow. This is so lovely. When did you get it?"
He grinned slyly.

"I got it at the mall yesterday. As we walked in the entrance area, I
noticed a huge jewelry store on the ground floor, and I teleported over
there after we found the clothing store where I bought my clothes at and you
flew off. I browsed through the jewelry store’s selection for a few minutes
before I found this ring. I asked the jeweler to carve a T and a R on each
side of the gem. Once he finished it, I payed and thanked him, and then I
teleported back to the clothing store as soon as he turned his back."

"And I thought I was the sneaky one."

"I have my moments. What did you think of the comet?"

"That was wonderful. How did you know about it?"

"I picked up a brochure that said it flew by the planet twice each year. Its
orbit is in the opposite direction of the planet, but it orbits in the exact
same plane as the planet does."

"Yet another example of your sneakiness."

"Yep. You could say that."

"Are we going to go home or stay another day?"

"We really need to get back home, and we don’t have any more money."

"Those are very good reasons. I’ll get all everything around."

"I’ve got to have a shower, first, and then I"ll help you."

"Ok, I could also use one after you’re done."

Ryoko gathered up Tenchi’s dirty clothes while he was in the shower. She
also made the bed up and tidied up the room a bit. Tenchi finished up his
shower and had a quick shave. He got dressed in another outfit he had bought
at the clothing store at the mall that was exactly like the other one,
except the stripes in this one were yellow. He emerged from the bathroom,
and Ryoko flew right in. He walked out into the kitchen and grabbed a drink
of water. He spotted the Tenchi-ken in it’s hiding place and he grabbed it
and stuck it in one of his large pockets. *Damn, I left the hotel key in my
other paints. I’d better get it out before I forget about it.* He walked
over to the bag that Ryoko had put his dirty clothes in. He found the suit
and reached into the pockets of the pants, and found the key in the last one
he checked. He stuck the key into one of his empty pockets.

Tenchi heard the bathroom door open up a few minutes later, and Ryoko came
out wearing her one outfit with the red leggings, white blouse, and one
orange sleeve and one black sleeve. "Are we ready to go?" Tenchi picked up
his bag of dirty clothes.

"Yeah. Let’s go." He took the Tenchi-ken out of his pocket and called the
cabbit who came running up to his feet. They headed out of the door, and
Tenchi locked it behind them. They walked down to the elevator and pressed
the button. The doors opened almost instantly, and they stepped inside.
Tenchi hit the button for the first floor, and the doors closed and opened
up just a second later. They stepped out of the elevator and headed down the
long hallway to the front desk of the hotel. They found the same guy there
that they had spoken to the day before.

"We really enjoyed our stay at your establishment, and we will be back
sometime in the near future."

"I’m glad to hear it." Tenchi handed him the key. "Thank you. You all have a
safe journey back to earth." Tenchi shook his hand.

"Take it easy."

"You too." Tenchi, Ryoko, and the cabbit walked out of the hotel and
breathed in the sweet smell of the moist morning air. Tenchi reached down
and picked up the cabbit. Then, he threw it high in the air and commanded it
to transform into a spaceship. The cabbit did as it was commanded and Ryoko
teleported herself and Tenchi onto the deck of the ship.

"Should we announce to Washu that we’re coming home?" Ryoko asked as she sat
down in one of the chairs in the ship.

"Nah. Let’s just surprise everyone."

"You’re full of surprises. You know that?"

"Yeah, but that’s just the way I am."

"And I wouldn’t have you any other way." Tenchi smiled and held up the
Tenchi-ken.

"Take us back to earth at full speed."

"Miya!" Tenchi quickly sat down as he remembered his past experience of
being tossed to the back of the ship upon giving it a full speed order. The
ship was out of the planet’s atmosphere in a few seconds, and they were on
their way home.

"I wonder what everyone will think of our engagement," Ryoko mused.

"We’ll just have to wait and see." Tenchi looked out into the depths of
space. "We will travel the universe, one day. Just the two of us."

"The two of us and Mayuka."

"And Mayuka. That’s a promise."

"I’ll hold you to it."

"I know you will." As the ship cruised through the depths of space towards
the lonely planet Earth, Ryoko thought about the future. She would
officially be Mayuka’s mother and Tenchi’s wife. Her marriage to Tenchi
would also make her the first crown princess of Jurai, but she had no desire
to rule over it, and she knew that Tenchi didn’t either. They would live out
the rest of time on earth, except for the journey through the stars that
Tenchi just promised her. He would keep his word because he was a man of the
highest honor. *Ayeka will probably be upset about Tenchi and my engagement,
but she’ll get over it in time. I’m sure she’ll find someone who will make
her very happy someday. I wish nothing but the best for her and the rest of
my family on earth. Thank you, Yosho. You stopped Kagato from using me to
destroy people’s lives 700 years ago, and you gave me a chance to be with
Tenchi. I will repay you by standing upright, and raising my daughter to do
the same.*

Author’s notes: Well, the fat lady has sung, and "Fragile Hearts" is now
complete. Someday, I may write another fic based on this time line, but I
seriously doubt it. I really hope you all enjoyed reading my story, and I
want to thank everyone who has sent me their comments again. I appreciate
all feedback that I get, whether it’s positive or negative. Well, I’m off to
work on that other fic I mentioned in my first set of notes. It’s much
longer than the "Fragile Hearts" saga, and it will take me a very long time
to finish. That’s all the information I’m going to release about it until
it’s been submitted to the archive, and only one other person in this world
has laid eyes upon the unrevised chapters I have completed, and he won’t
give anything away, either. Please send me all of your complements, flames,
criticism, etc. I look forward to hearing from you.
