 Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi or any other characters residing at the
Misaki house. They all belong to Pioneer/AIC. I am not making any money off
of this story so please don't sue me.

Author’s notes: This story is set in the OVA reality after Manatsu no Eve. I
am writing this with no idea of what’s going to happen. I am just going to
let the story develop. I hope it will turn out to be worthy of your time. I
am sure you have heard me babble enough so on to the story.

                          Fragile Heats, Chapter 1

                                  by Leeman

Tenchi awoke to the sound of knocking on his bedroom door. He rolled over to
get up, but he didn’t realize that he was already on the edge of his bed. He
landed on the floor with an ooomf, and he cursed himself for being so
careless. He turned on his lamp, but the brightness hurt his eyes, and he
quickly turned away from it. As he blinked to adjust to the light, he made
his way to the door. He opened it to find a sobbing Sasami looking up at him
while wiping her eyes.

"Did you have another nightmare, Sasami?"

"Yes Tenchi. I’m sorry to bother you again, but may I sleep in your room?"
She said in between sobs.

"Sure Sasami." He wondered what could be causing all of the nightmares she
had been having lately. This was the third night this week she came to his
room, and it was only Thursday. She always said she couldn’t remember what
happened in her dreams, but whatever it was really frightened her. He picked
her up and carried her into his room. He placed her on his bed and tucked
her in. He then pulled out some blankets from the closet and laid them out
on the floor in the center of the room. He then grabbed a few pillows and
prepared to go back to sleep.

Bright rays of sunlight pierced through the window curtains causing Tenchi
to wake up. He yawned and stretched then trudged into the bathroom. He never
slept well on the floor, but he was just too kind and caring to make Sasami
sleep on the floor. His kindness was a curse and a blessing at the same
time. Because of it he had five gorgeous girls living with him (I don’t
consider Sasami or Ryo-Ohki gorgeous), but it also caused him grief because
he always put others before himself. After he finished his shower and
brushed his teeth, he went back into his room to make his bed, put away the
blankets and pillows on the floor, and get dressed. After he accomplished
this, he headed downstairs. As he neared the bottom of the stairway, he
waited for Ryoko to glomp him, but it didn’t happen. He then remembered that
Ryoko hadn’t been herself lately. She hardly even acknowledged his existence
in the past two weeks. She spent most of her time with Mayuka, or off by
herself. The only time he saw her was at meals. He sighed. He missed the
warm greeting Ryoko used to give him every morning, although it would
usually result in a nosebleed when she rubbed her chest against him.

"Good morning, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka said with a big smile on her face.

"Good morning, Miss Ayeka," Tenchi replied with a half smile. Ayeka had also
noticed that Ryoko wasn’t paying as much attention to Tenchi as she usually
did. She also tried to capitalize on this by flirting with him much more
frequently.

"You look very handsome today." She said with an even bigger smile.

"Thanks...I think." He scratched his head. He liked Ayeka, and she was very
beautiful, but she wasn’t really his type. He could just picture himself
married to Ayeka. He would be king of the most powerful empire in the
universe, Jurai. He would be waited on hand and foot, and Ayeka would be by
his side constantly. She would basically tell him how to dress, speak, and
act. He could just hear her say, "Now Tenchi, you must act like a king at
all times. I will not allow improper behavior from a man of your status. You
surely don’t want everyone to talk about us as if we were mere commoners,
now do you?" He shuddered at this thought. Ayeka was sweet, but her
upbringing and the fact she was related to him by blood, turned him off to
her advances.

"Lord Tenchi?"

"What is it, Miss Ayeka?"

"You were zoned out."

"Oh, sorry." He muttered sheepishly.

"You missed breakfast today, and that devil woman ate up your share."

"Wow, I slept later than I thought," he muttered. "I have to get to work on
the fields. See you later."

"Bye Lord Tenchi." He headed for the door, when he realized how hungry he
was. He turned around and went to the kitchen. He opened the refrigerator
and grabbed some ham and cheese. He looked on the counter and spotted the
bread, and he made himself two sandwiches. He headed for the fields as soon
as he was finished eating.

Mayuka giggled as Ryoko changed her diaper. Ryoko had been her full-time
caretaker ever since Ayeka had fallen asleep while watching her. Ryoko had
managed to grab the infant just before she fell out of her crib headfirst.
She then yelled at Ayeka who wasn’t too happy about being scolded, and she
announced to everyone that she would be completely responsible for Mayuka
from then on. After she changed her diaper, Ryoko dressed her and decided to
take her outside. She scooped the baby up in her arms and flew through the
roof and up into the beautiful blue sky. She soared high and did loops in
the air. Mayuka loved every minute of it and giggled in utter delight. Ryoko
then began to sing her song, "The Lonely Moon," and Mayuka giggled even
more.

Tenchi just happened to look up into the sky, and he noticed the pair. He
couldn’t help but smile. They looked just like a mother and daughter. He
could easily picture Ryoko, Mayuka, and himself as a loving family. He
pushed these thoughts out of his head and just enjoyed watching them. Ryoko
flew close enough for Tenchi to hear her sing, but she was so involved in
the moment with Mayuka that she didn’t notice. Tenchi had only heard her
sing once before, and he was amazed at how beautiful her voice was. It was
the sweetest thing he had ever heard. He just stood there, afraid to move as
he listened to her song. He couldn’t help thinking about his mother, Achika,
and how she used to sing to him. He shed a tear at the thought of his
mother. He missed her so much, and he wished he could have had more time
with her. When Ryoko had finally finished singing, she looked down to see
Tenchi staring at her. She blushed and then realized that he had heard her
sing. She was extremely embarrassed by this, and she quickly flew back to
the house. Tenchi just watched her until she was out of sight.

"Mihoshi, you idiot! Now look what you’ve done!" Kyonei screamed at her air
head partner. Mihoshi had been using her control cube to get a glass of
water. She succeeded in materializing the water except for the fact that the
glass appeared right above Kyonei and spilled on her head.

"I’m so sorry, Kyonei. I didn’t mean to!" Mihoshi wailed. She got up to help
her partner dry off, but she tripped over her own feet and fell flat on her
face. Washu, who had witnessed the entire event, began to laugh
uncontrollably.

"Ouuuucccccchhh." Mihoshi groaned. She pulled herself up and fetched a towel
for her partner. Washu finally regained her composure and brought up her
holotop computer. She fiercely typed in commands, and waited for a few
moments. An evil grin spread across her face.

Author’s notes: I bet you are wondering why Ryoko would ignore Tenchi or
what Washu is grinning about, aren’t you? To be honest, I am too. I will
fill in most of the gaps in the next chapter.
