Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi or any other characters residing at the
Misaki house. They all belong to Pioneer/AIC. I am not making any money off
of this story so please don't sue me.

                          Fragile Hearts, Chapter 2

                                  by Leeman

Ryoko put Mayuka in her crib, and she prepared a bottle for her. She
couldn’t believe she had been so careless while singing to her. She could
just picture Tenchi and Ayeka laughing their heads off about it. It was hard
for her to face Tenchi after that night a little over two weeks ago. She had
sung Mayuka to sleep after changing her diaper. Then she went to watch
Tenchi sleep. It relaxed her, and made her feel warm inside to gaze at his
peaceful state of sleep. She phased in above him, but he was by no means
sleeping peacefully. He tossed and turned for a while, and she considered
waking him up. She could just hear him scold her though, and she thought
better of it. This went on for about ten minutes before something snapped.
He suddenly became very calm. She was happy that his nightmare had finally
ended. Then a very mean scowl spread across his face, and he uttered the
most painful words she would ever hear. "I hate you, Ryoko, and I never want
to see you again." It hit her like a ton of bricks. She sat in utter silence
for an extended period of time. His face had immediately returned to a calm,
peaceful state after he said this, but Ryoko felt as if she had been stabbed
by a thousand jagged-edged blades. A tear traveled down her cheek and was
followed by many more. He had told her he hated her once before, when she
had torn his mother’s kimono, but all was forgotten when Tenchi forgave her
and told her he said that out of anger. But this time he told her in his
sleep! That meant he really did hate her, and he only put up with her
because of his kindness. She decided to leave in that moment. She phased out
of the room and reappeared outside.

"Come Ryo-ohki!" She commanded. Ryo-ohki phased through the wall in Sasami’s
room and landed at Ryoko’s feet. Ryoko picked up the cabbit and was ready to
throw it in the air so it could transform into a spaceship. However, she was
stopped by the cries of Mayuka who had probably wet herself again. Ryoko was
then hit with a realization. Tenchi wasn’t the only person in the universe
she cared about anymore. Ryoko felt guilty about the way she treated the
adult Mayuka when she was under Yuzuha’s control. It was, in a way, the same
situation she herself was in when Kagato had control of her. Her guilt was
what compelled her to help take care of her at first, but soon she became
attached to the little girl. As she spent more and more time with her, she
realized she loved her like a daughter, and she would protect her at all
costs. She decided she would stay for Mayuka’s sake, and she would avoid
Tenchi whenever possible because of the pain it caused her to even think
about him.

Tenchi commenced work again, but he really wasn’t paying attention to what
he was doing. He couldn’t stop thinking about Ryoko. He cared for her a
great deal. He missed her perfect smile and beautiful golden eyes. He missed
her flirting with him. What could have happened to stop her advances toward
him? Had she lost interest in him? He decided he couldn’t work anymore until
he talked to her. He threw down the hoe and began walking towards the house.

Washu typed a few commands into her holotop, and a subspace portal opened in
front of her. She stepped in and the portal vanished. It reappeared in her
lab, and she stepped out with that grin still on her face. The two gp
officers’ lives were about to become a little more interesting.

Tenchi walked through the front door very quietly. He didn’t want anyone to
bother him right now. He was determined to find out why Ryoko was acting so
strangely. Today was his lucky day though, and no one noticed him as he made
his way to the stairs. He began creeping his way up in hopes of not alerting
Ryoko to his approach.

Ryoko was feeding Mayuka the special formula Washu designed for her. She
then heard someone coming up the stairs. Judging from the light footsteps it
had to be Washu or Sasami, and it was most likely Washu. She listened as the
footsteps grew closer. Any second, the door would open and Washu would
probably have a comment ready to tick her off and make her day that much
worse. The door didn’t open though. She waited a few minutes, and then
dismissed it as her imagination running away with her.

Tenchi stood outside of the door trying to think of something to say to her.
He was sweating profusely, and it wasn’t because of the heat. He finally
decided to go with the flow, and he forced himself to reach down and turn
the knob.

Ryoko was burping Mayuka when she heard the door open. She was quite
surprised to find Tenchi standing in the doorway. She finished burping
Mayuka and laid her in her crib.

"What is it Tenchi?" For some reason she had become really nervous, and
Tenchi could tell this by her voice.

"Ryoko, I need to talk to you about something."

"W...What about?" She was suddenly afraid. Was he going to tease her about
her singing, or was he finally going to overcome his kindness and kick her
out of the house? She couldn’t take either of those scenarios at this moment
in time.

"Ryoko, why have you been avoiding me lately? Is it something I said or did
to you?" He was apprehensive of what her answer could possibly be. Maybe she
fell in love with someone else, or he had offended her and hurt her feelings
somehow. He would hate himself if he hurt her in any way, and he would be
hurt if she did love someone else.

After looking at him for a few minutes she replied, "Tenchi, I know how you
feel about me, and I know that you want me to leave. I promise you that I
will not bother anyone else in the house. I love Mayuka and I don’t want to
leave her. Please let me stay." Tears began rolling down her face.

Tenchi was absolutely stunned. What in Tsunami’s name brought this on? He
was hurt that she would actually think he wanted her to leave. "Ryoko,
you’re not making any sense. I don’t want you to leave. Why would you think
something like that?"

"You’re very kind Tenchi, but I found out how you really feel about me. You
hate me. You said so in your sleep. You also said you never wanted to see me
again. I have tried to appease you by avoiding you when possible. Even
though you hate me, I want you to know that I love you, and I would do
anything for you except leave Mayuka. I must make sure you are both safe."
She began sobbing uncontrollably, and she phased out of the room. Tenchi
shed a tear. How could he have told her he hated her again?!?! Even if it
was in his sleep, he still hurt her. He hated to see her hurt more than
anyone else. He didn’t know if he loved her or not, but he felt very close
to her. He must set things right.

Kyonei had dried herself off with the towel Mihoshi had gotten her, and she
was finally calming down. She wondered how Mihoshi could be such an idiot.
She graduated at the top of her class, and she had an impressive arrest
record. It didn’t make any sense.

"Kyonei, are you still mad at me? I didn’t mean to get you all wet. I...It
was an accident. I’m soooo sorrrrrry!" Mihoshi began wailing and crying.

"Stop crying. I’m not mad at you anymore." Upon hearing this Mihoshi
immediately got up, ran over to her partner, and proceeded to hug the life
out of her. "Mihoshi...I...can’t...breathe." She was starting to black out.

"Oops, sorry." Mihoshi let her go, and Kyonei quickly drew in a deep breath
of air to give her oxygen deprived body a big dose of the necessary element.

Washu watched the two gp officers on the large, 30ft by 30ft screen in her
lab. Her plan was working perfectly. Soon, she would have enough preliminary
data to begin her experiment.

Sasami just went into the kitchen to begin making lunch. She noticed Tenchi
coming down the stairs with a sad expression on his face.

"What’s wrong Tenchi?" She was very concerned about him. He looked like he
just lost his best friend.

Tenchi noticed Sasami’s worried expression and forced a smile. "Nothing, I’m
just feeling a little depressed about the homework I have to do over
vacation." He lied. "I have to go do some more work in the fields right now.
I won’t be joining you for lunch." He then headed out the door. She watched
him leave. She knew he was lying, but she decided that it would be best not
to question him any further about it. Tenchi thought about where Ryoko
usually went when she wanted to be by herself. He decided to check the cave
first.

Ryoko had waited for Tenchi to leave the room and phased back in. Why
couldn’t he just tell her the truth? Why did he have to be so damn nice? She
looked down at Mayuka who had fallen asleep. She was such a beautiful baby.
Her dark blue hair was already growing thick. Washu said she would develop
twice as fast as a normal human baby. She also said she would get all of the
memories of her previous life with the family when she got older. Ryoko
finally quit crying. Mayuka had the same calming affect on her that Tenchi
used to have when she watched him sleep. Soon, she fell asleep as well.

Tenchi couldn’t find her anywhere. He checked the cave, Funaho, and the
shrine. Then it hit him. He hadn’t checked the roof of the house. He just
knew she would be there. He headed back to the house.

Sasami had just finished cooking lunch. Ayeka was already seated at the
table when Mihoshi and Kyonei came in and sat down.

"Ayeka, would you please tell Washu that lunch is ready?"

"Sure Sasami." She got up and headed for Washu’s lab.

"Mihoshi, Kyonei, will you help me set the table?"

"Yes Sasami," they said in unison. They got up and helped her set the table.
They had just finished when Ayeka and Washu entered. Then they all sat down.

"Where’s Lord Tenchi?" Ayeka inquired.

"Tenchi is working in the fields, and he said he wouldn’t be eating lunch
today." Sasami answered.

While no one was looking, Washu typed in a few commands on her holotop under
the table. A subspace portal opened up outside of the house. A small bomb
fell out of it into the spot Washu had designated for it. When it hit the
ground, it caused a large explosion. Everyone at the table got up and ran
outside to see what happened. Washu slipped a small blue tablet into the gp
officers’ drinks. Then she ran to catch up to the rest of the group.

Tenchi had just checked the roof only to discover she wasn’t there. He was
entering the attic window when the explosion occurred. He immediately began
to head down the attic steps. When he reached the bottom, he flew down the
stairs and out the front door. He spotted the rest of the girls gathered
around a small crater.

"What happened here?" He said as he approached them.

"We’re not sure," answered Kyonei.

"It had to be that devil woman," Ayeka said, although she didn’t sound too
convinced.

After a quick scan of the skies, the group dismissed it as a freak
occurrence, and they headed back to the house to finish their meal. Tenchi
headed back to the fields to finish his work for the day. He wondered if
Ryoko did have something to do with the crater. Where was she anyway? He had
looked all over, and he still wasn’t able to find her. He figured she would
be back from wherever she was to eat dinner. He pushed all thoughts of her
out of his head and concentrated on the work at hand.

Both Ryoko and Mayuka had been awakened by the explosion. Ryoko was about to
phase out to investigate when she was stopping by the cries of Mayuka who
had been upset by the explosion. Ryoko picked her up in her arms to calm her
down. After holding her for a few minutes, the baby finally calmed down. She
began to sing to her in hopes of putting her back to sleep. She sang a song
called "Forevermore." She had composed it herself a few months ago when
Tenchi returned one of her hugs, which made her very happy and put her in
the mood to write. It started out as a poem, but she transformed it into a
song. After Mayuka had finally fallen asleep, Ryoko placed her in her crib.
She decided to go sit up on the roof. She stared up at the blue sky and
thought about Tenchi. She loved him more than life itself, and she wanted
him to love her more than anything. It hurt her so much that night when he
told her he hated her in his sleep. She realized that he would never return
her feelings for him. He knew she was a monster. She was a murderer who was
responsible for the death of over a million people. She thought of the faces
of the people as they begged for their lives. She acknowledged them by
stabbing them or cutting off their heads with her energy sword. She wished
she could change her past. She wished she could have somehow killed Kagato
during the 1300 years of torture and pain he put her through. She wished she
could somehow bring back all those people. Tenchi didn’t know about the
multitudes people she killed, but he could just instinctively tell how evil
she was. "Well Tenchi, I will give you your wish. Tonight I will leave. I
will take Ryo-ohki and go." She thought. She hated the thought of leaving
Mayuka though. She really loved that little girl, and she would miss her
very much...almost as much as she would miss Tenchi. If she stayed though,
she would only bring more pain and grief to Tenchi, and she would end up
causing Mayuka grief as well. She knew that they wouldn’t be safe with her
around because her past attracted many dangers to their home.

Everyone else had just finished their lunch. After helping Sasami clean up,
Mihoshi and Kyonei were walking into the living room. Suddenly, both of them
began feeling very ill. They became extremely dizzy and lost all sense of
balance. Mihoshi fell backwards and Kyonei fell forward. By the time they
hit the ground, they were both unconscious. Washu calmly walked up to the
teal-haired gp officer and began dragging her towards the couch. After she
had placed her on the couch, she began dragging Mihoshi to the nearest
chair. She propped her up in the chair, and smiled wickedly. "It has begun."
She whispered to herself.

Ayeka was sitting outside on a picnic table that Nobilyuki had built on a
small knoll a few hundred yards from the back of the house so everyone could
eat outside if and when they chose too. She was admiring the beautiful
scenery. She sat out here quite a bit. It was a place where she could escape
all the madness that went on at the Misaki residence. She could gather and
focus her thoughts on a variety of issues that troubled her. The main issue
and the one she usually pondered was Tenchi though. Did he love her? Was he
hiding his feelings so he didn’t hurt any of the other girls in the house?
If so, he was hurting all of them in the long run by not telling the truth.
What if he loved that bitch, Ryoko? "No, that’s preposterous. Tenchi could
never love that skank," she said to herself. She hated Ryoko because she was
the cause of Yosho’s departure. She could be happily married to him if it
weren’t for that slut. She ruined her life with Yosho, and, as if that
wasn’t enough, now she was trying to steal Tenchi away from her. Suddenly,
another thought occurred to her, Ryoko has saved her life more than once,
and she has saved the lives of other members of the family as well. They
have also shared a few good times with each other. "Despite all the evil
things we have said and done to each other, I consider her my friend." Next
to Kyonei she was probably her best friend. She comforted her when she was
upset about the adult Mayuka’s sudden appearance. She didn’t want to admit
it to herself, but she noticed that Ryoko was also crying that night at
Funaho. Ryoko does have feelings, and she is just as fragile as any other
person. She puts on a good act, but she finally realized that Ryoko isn’t
really a monster after all. Of course, she would never admit this to anyone
though. She was still competition for Tenchi’s heart, and that made her an
obstacle, one she intended to go right through. Tenchi and she were meant to
be together after all. Ayeka finally decided it was time to go back to the
house, but she pictured herself in Tenchi’s arms to put herself in a better
mood before she headed back.

The day went by slowly and was uneventful for the most part. When dinnertime
rolled around, everyone had gathered around the table except for Ryoko. Even
Yosho ate with the family instead of eating by himself at the shrine
quarters. Nobilyuki also managed to get off work early enough to eat with
everyone tonight. Everyone was busy eating and chatting except for Tenchi.
He was wordlessly staring down at his plate. He was concerned about Ryoko.
She never missed a meal, but today she hadn’t eaten at all. Where was she?
What was she doing? He needed to talk to her and try to undo the damage he
had done. He had been unsuccessful in his first attempt to assure Ryoko that
he didn’t hate her, but the next time he vowed to succeed. He didn’t think
she would do anything irrational, but she did have a tendency to react out
of emotion without thinking things through, however. He suddenly realized
that no one was watching Mayuka. "Hey, why isn’t anyone watching Mayuka?"

"Ryoko is watching her. She said she didn’t want to be disturbed." Sasami
answered.

Ah ha! Ryoko was with Mayuka the whole time. She must have phased back into
the room when he left. He mentally kicked himself for not thinking about
this earlier. "Please excuse me, but I have something to take care of." He
got up to leave, but Yosho spoke up.

"Tenchi, why don’t you eat first? Whatever it is can wait until you finish
your meal."

"I’m not hungry anyway, and this can’t wait."

"Lord Tenchi, what could be so important." Tenchi was caught off guard by
Ayeka’s question. He had to think of something to say quickly.

"I need to take care of a personal matter. It’s nothing you should be
concerned about. I have to go now." He hurried out of the room before anyone
could say anything more. He reached the bottom of the stairs and looked up.
He had to get up there without Ryoko hearing him, or she would most likely
phase out before he would be able to say a word to her. He stood there
thinking for a moment then an idea struck him. He activated his lighthawk
wings and materialized a floating platform to stand on with them. He had
learned to activate them at will after the Dr. Clay incident, but he didn’t
tell anyone for fear of Washu finding out. She would run a million tests on
him, and that was not something he looked forward to. He began floating up
the stairs. When he reached the top, he took a left and floated down the
hall towards Mayuka’s room. When he reached the door, he eased the platform
to the ground before he deactivated it. Without another thought he reached
down and turned the knob. He eased the door open slightly and peered inside.
He saw Ryoko asleep on the old sofa they had put in there for anyone who was
watching the baby to sit on. Mayuka was also asleep in her arms. Ryoko
looked like a goddess of peace with her child of purity in her arms. His
heart fluttered. Ryoko was so peaceful and vulnerable right now. He wanted
to just stand there and stare at them for the rest of the night, but he
needed to talk to her. He slowly and carefully removed Mayuka from her arms
and placed her in the crib without waking either of them. He then looked
back down at Ryoko and smiled. He decided to enjoy the moment for a bit
longer. She had always watched him sleep, but this time the situation was
reversed. If there had been room on the sofa, he would have laid beside her
and showed her that he didn’t want her to go. He decided to do the next best
thing. He went into his room and gathered his pillows and blankets he kept
in his closet, and put them in Mayuka’s room next to the sofa. He made a bed
on the floor and laid down.

Everyone else ate dinner in silence after Tenchi left. It wasn’t like Tenchi
to act in such a way. What was going on? That was the basic question that
everyone had on their mind. Well, everyone except Washu. She was too busy
observing Mihoshi and Kyonei to care. Things weren’t going to be the same
around here after tonight. Her experiment would be concluded, and the two
galaxy policewomen’s lives would be forever altered. Right after everyone
finished eating, Kyonei and Mihoshi announced that they both were feeling
unusually tired and were going to bed. Sasami and Ayeka cleared the table
and washed the dishes. Yosho went back to the shrine, and Nobilyuki went
into the study. Washu headed for her lab with a huge grin on her face, which
worried the rest of the family.

It didn’t take long before Tenchi fell into a deep sleep. He began having
dreams about Ryoko. He could see himself slap her and tell her he hated her
over and over again. It was stabbing at his heart. He could see the hurt
expression, and her sad eyes. It was becoming too much to bear. "Stop!!!!!!!
I can’t take this anymore!!!!! No!!!!!!!!!!!!"

Ryoko had been awakened by his screaming. She started shaking him to wake
him up. The images stopped flooding through Tenchi’s head, and his eyelids
began to open. Everything was out of focus, but it didn’t take long for him
to see the most beautiful sight he had ever seen. Ryoko was looking down him
with pure concern in her eyes. She held him in her arms and comforted him.
Tenchi began to smile. He felt so calm under her gaze. All apprehension and
guilt left him, and a new realization came over him. He knew Ryoko was the
one he truly loved. He wanted to tell her right then, but he couldn’t make
his lips move. All he could do was stare into her beautiful golden orbs. He
had lost himself in them, and he wasn’t even able to think. A few minutes
passed and neither of them moved. Their moment was completely shattered when
Mayuka began crying though. Ryoko blushed, stood up, and helped him to his
feet. She then picked Mayuka up and carried her over to the table where she
changed her diapers. Tenchi began to think rationally again. He couldn’t
lose control like that again, if he did he would hurt all of the other girls
in the house. He had admitted to himself that he loved her, but he could not
and would not act upon it, yet. He did, however, need to talk to her before
she phased away from him. "Ryoko, about the night when I told you I hated
you. I didn’t mean it. I am so sorry, and I wish I could take it back. You
are very special to me, just like all of the other girls in the house. I
would never do anything intentional to harm any of you. Will you accept my
apology?"

Ryoko changed Mayuka’s without saying a word to him. She picked up the
giggling baby and tossed it into the air. She gently caught her, and placed
her back into the crib. She then turned to face Tenchi. "Tenchi, I want to
accept your apology, but I can’t. I am the one who should apologize. I have
put you, and everyone else in this house, into too many dangerous
situations. You were almost killed by Kagato because of me, and you were
nearly killed again because you went to rescue me from Dr. Clay. I have done
nothing but bring heartache upon this family. That is going to end now. I am
leaving with Ryo-ohki now. I will not cause any more harm here. I love you,
and I have for a very long time. I have decided to leave you and Mayuka so
that both of you can truly be at peace. Goodbye, my love." She took one last
look at Mayuka before she phased out.

Tenchi was torn apart on the inside. How could this happen? He had to stop
her. He took of in a dead run, and practically flew down the stairs. He
heard a loud, "Meeeeoooooowwww!" right outside of the house. His legs began
pumping even faster. He finally reached the door just in time to see Ryoko
teleport up into the spacecraft floating above the lake. He saw it speed off
into the sky and disappear. He was too late.

Washu was observing Kyonei and Mihoshi with her spy cam when an alarm went
off. She phased in her holotop and began fiercely typing in commands on the
keypad. "Ryoko, why?" was all she managed to choke out before a tear made
its way down her cheek. She tried contacting her through their mental link,
but she didn’t get a response. She would never have a chance to be a mother
to her now. Why had she been so wrapped up into her damn experiments? She
should have been there for her daughter. "No!! The greatest scientific genus
in the universe won’t give up that easily!" She began rapidly typing in
commands in her laptop once more, desperate to find a way to contact her.

Ayeka and Sasami had both heard Ryo-ohki and went to investigate. As they
neared the door, Tenchi ran past them like they weren’t even there. What
happened? Why was he in such a hurry? Both princesses watched him disappear
up the stairs with very concerned expressions. Ayeka was the first to speak
up. "Do you think we should go talk to him?"

"I don’t think that would be a good idea. He looked pretty upset. We should
leave him alone right now."

"You’re right Sasami, but I am very curious about what would cause him that
much distress."

"Where’s Ryo-ohki? I heard her meow. I wonder if that has anything to do
with Tenchi’s actions?"

"I’m not sure. Let’s wait until he calms down before we talk to him." Ayeka
took the clues into account and acquired a suspicion as to what was
bothering him, but she didn’t want to let Sasami know just yet. She had to
be sure first. She needed to speak with Washu.

Author’s notes: Well, that concludes the second chapter. I have more of an
idea where this story is going now, but I am still uncertain about many
details. In the next chapter the details of Washu’s experiment will be
revealed. I am quite sure of that. I hope you have enjoyed my story so far.
