Here is Chapter 5

	Kuro and the others boarded Ryo-oki and in a flash they were at Viper's 
landing sight. Viper had obviously not returned yet so all 4 warriors got into battle
gear and then Tenchi began to plan the attack.

	"Alright, we are gonna hide and wait for him. We'll surprise him and get Sasami
out of harms way. Ryoko you come with me, we'll hide overthere. We will attack him
first and surprise him. Why we keep him busy Aeka will retrive Sasami. Kuro I want you
to watch her back. Ryo-oki as soon as Aeka has Sasami get them both out of here. Kuro
then will join Ryoko and I and finsh the job. Does everyone understand?" said Tenchi
in commanding, general like voice.

	Ryoko and the others nodded in agrement and Ryo-oki transformed into cabbit 
form and hopped on Kuro's head. Everyone then took their possitions. As the group 
layed in wait Ryo-oki trasfered to Aeka so the take off would be as quick as possible.
Kuro watched for Viper and as he did he thought of how impressive Tenchi seemed when
he planned the attack. Kuro always had him pegged as a soldier not a general. 

	Just then, Kuro heard the screams of Sasami. Aeka's face showed the fear as
did Kuro's. Finnaly Viper came into view and Kuro saw that he still had Sasami slung
over his sholder. Sasami screamed and cryed to be let go but her captor only marched on.
Finnaly before he reached the attack point Tenchi had designated he suddenly wipped 
her around and said "You are one noesy little bitch, now shut up or else" he said as
he grabbed her by the throat.

	Meanwhile as Tenchi watched the scene unfold his blood began to boil. He knew
that attacking him now would be crazy. He then had to hold back Ryoko who was seconds
away from going after Viper. His mind then flashed to Kuro. Who would hold him back?

	Tenchi's prediction was right on. Kuro was almost over the edge as his rage
was bulding. He knew however that he had to wait.

	Sasami was in his grip and she screamed "you'll pay for this." 

	"Oh will I" said Viper

	Sasami then sceamed for help and she was slapped hard across the face by Viper.
Sasami the quieted as she held her bruised face and she began to cry.

	When Viper hit Sasami it didn't push Kuro over the edge. It threw him over.

	Kuro jumped to his feet and began a sprint twoards Viper. He moved so fast Viper
barely had time to react and got a uppercut in the jaw for his troubles. 

	Tenchi knew now he would have to make up this plan as he went along. He didn't
blame Kuro. He was seconds away from doing the very same thing. Now however he would
have to think on his feet. He and Ryoko then dashed at Viper and began the onslaught.

	Aeka jumped to her feet and went to Sasami but the battle that ensued was far
to close. She feared that she would be hit by someone or something. 

	Kuro had pulled his swords by then and was busy slashing away but due to Viper's 
armor it was a difficult process. He seemed much more concered with Tenchi's weapon
as he would dodge it at any cost. Even if that cost was taking a Ryoko punch. Finnaly
Viper got his hands on a gun and began to whale away at his enemys. Ryoko's sheild
protected them but a stray reflection blasted Sasami and she disappered in the explosion.
Aeka screamed in terror as the group looked on in disbelief. 

	Viper then said "Damit, look what happened now I won't make any money off this."

	Kuro then sprinted again at Viper in rage however this time he was more then 
ready. He punched Kuro hard in the chest sending him flying. The impact was so brutal
that it knocked one of Kuro's swoards away and into the bushes. Kuro smacked against
a tree for his landing and he then looked at the dust settle where Sasami had been.
He realized that he had caused this it was his fault. He only looked on in disbelif.
However before he got to his feet he noticed light coming from the area. He then saw
Tsunami within a sheild where Sasami stood before. Then before his eyes Tsunami trasformed
into Sasami. Kuro was at a new level of surprise as saw that the legend Tsunami and
his freind were one in the same.

	Ryo-oki and Aeka quickly appered at her side and Tenchi screamed out "Go now!"

	The cabbit quickly transformed and flew of with Aeka and Sasami inside. Leaving
Ryoko, Tenchi, and Kuro to finish off the flabbergasted Viper.

	Kuro had seen some strange things in his life but this was defeinetly one of the
strangest. He had trouble concntrating but was stable enough to stand by Ryoko and Tenchi
in preperation.

	"I don't know how she did that, but this far from over" said Viper

	Kuro and Ryoko picked that second to attack and used a full out assult on Viper.
Viper's armor was protecting him for the most part. Ryoko's energysaber would not penetrate
his armor but it was obviuosly doing some damage to it. 

	Viper got a free second and pulled gun of some kind and fired it right at Ryoko's
chest. The shelid that Ryoko had up at all time protected her but it still sent her
flying backward through a tree. Kuro was so shocked at what he had seen he let his guard
down long enough to allow Viper to knock his second swoard away. He was the hit in the
head by a punch to boot. 

	Kuro quickly got back to find Tenchi standing in the same spot he was before.

	"Thanks for the help" said Kuro sarcastically.

	"I'm almost ready" said Tenchi "Here use this." he said as he tossed Kuro the
master key.

	"What?!" said Kuro "What about you?"

	"I'll be fine now attack him, I'll join you shortly" said Tenchi

	"I am not sure I have the power to use this thing" said Kuro

	"You do Kuro, now go" said Tenchi in a powerful voice

	Kuro still in disbeilef attacked Viper and sure enough the sword jumped to life.
He was amazed by the power it possesed as he attacked over and over again and the sword 
seemed to know what he was going to do before he did it. He was now much faster then
he had ever been before. 

	Viper knew something, he would do whatever it would take to dodge the blade. The
attacks finnaly got to him and when Kuro sliced at his armor it began to crack. The blade
seemed to do it on its own, however Kuro was glad it did. He now knew that a few more
hits and his armor would be destroyed. However Kuro and Viper were suddenly stopped by 
a flash of light and a sudden jolt of energy. Both froze in position and turned to see
Tenchi with the blades of energy floating in front of him.

	"What the hell is that?" said Viper

	"The W...W..Wings!" blurted out Kuro

	Kuro was so schocked that he didn't notice that Viper was about to crush him like
a bug. In the nick of time however, Ryoko tackled Kuro out of the way.

	Kuro landed with a thud Ryoko still wraped around his midsection. Ryoko let go
only to see Kuro with a look of disbelif on his face.

	"Those..........are......" said Kuro

	"The light hawk wings" said Ryoko

	"He is the.....boy.....who" said Kuro

	"Yes he is the legendary boy who can create the wings on will alone" said Ryoko

	Of all the millions of things that could of run through Kuro's mind at that moment
one thing did (how in the name of Jurai did I defeat him. If he does have the wings then
I shouldn't of stood a chance) he thought.

	Tenchi then seemed to transform into a new battle suit. He then transformed one
of the wings into a sword.

	"Holy Shit!" said Viper

	Tenchi then speeded at Viper with incredible force and as he did he could be heard
saying "You will not hurt my family." He then sliced the bounty hunter in half from head
to crotch.

	Kuro looked on in disbeilf as he saw their enemy fall in two parts.

	Tenchi then turned to Ryoko and Kuro and Ryoko said "That's my Tenchi!"

	Then nearbye Viper's ship could be heard making beeping sounds that seemed to
be picking up in rythem. 

	"BOMB!" yelled Ryoko as she held out her hand at Kuro 

	Kuro got the message and locked wrists with the space pirate. She then took flight
and got away from the ship as fast as possible.

	"What about Tenchi?" yelled Kuro

	"He'll be fine" yelled back Ryoko

	Kuro then looked back to see Tenchi rise above the ground with what looked like
energy made angel wings. He then sent the final lighthawk wing down over the ship as 
a sheild. The blast that soon followed was stopped by the sheild saving the surronding
forest. Tenchi then quickly caught up with Ryoko still using the angel wings. Ryoko then
pounced on Tenchi for a hug letting go of Kuro in the process.

	"Not again!" yelled Kuro as he fell. However a lighthawk wing appeared under him
and carried him like a shovel the rest of the way home.
	
-----------------next day---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	Kuro was back at the sight of the battle looking for his lost swoards. He had already
found one of them. However, the second was proving to be more difficult. As he turned the
corner of a tree he found Tenchi's grandfather standing before him.

	"Lord Yosho" said Kuro as he went to a knee.

	"Stand up Kuro" said Yosho

	Kuro did and he said "Your back sir"

	"Yes, and a good story met me when I returned." said Yosho. Yosho then chuckled
"I have not seen you since you were a child and you were calling Aeka that silly nickname.
Oh what was it again"

	"Spunker" responded Kuro

	"Oh yes.......so, have you decided to take the girls with you." said Yosho

	"Well, Tenchi made the decsion for me" said Kuro

	"What?" said Yosho

	"For better or worse, their is a family here. Aeka and Sasami are part of that
family. I do many things but one I will never do is break up a family." said Kuro

	Yosho nodded in agreement. "I see well then I think this is yours." said Yosho
as he produced Kuro's second swoard."

	Kuro smiled and said "Thank you lord Yosho"
	
-----------------next morning-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	Kuro had changed back to his now clean Jurain robes and was prepairing to depart
in the Eano. He was now saying his goodbyes.

	He knelt down to the crying Sasami. "You know the last time we were like this and
I attempted to hug you, you beat me up." he said 

	Sasami then lept to his arms and they hugged for a while. "Will you visit" she
asked

	"Of course I will." said Kuro as he let her go.

	Next cam Aeka. Kuro looked at her as she attempted to hold back tears. She then
said "Kuro I am so sorry th" said Aeka

	Kuro cut her off with "Spunker, just hug me and promise me you'll stay safe till
I visit again" 

	Aeka did as told and hugged him and said "I promise"

	Kuro shook the hands of Ryoko, Washu, Mihoshi, and he patted the head of Ryo-oki.
However when he got to Tenchi he said "Tenchi I have a question for you in priavte."

	Tenchi and Kuro then walked away from the girls and Kuro said "Its been bugging
me for a while. If you had the wings all along how did you lose to me" he asked

	"I only understood it recently but the wings can only be used to protect the good
and defeat the evil. Your not an evil man Kuro." said Tenchi

	Kuro smiled and patted Tenchi on the sholder and said "thanks"

	He then stood back and prepaired to be transported away. 

	"Wait Kuro what will you tell the King?" yelled out Tenchi

	"Oh I'll tell him the truth, Tenchi beat me" said Kuro

	Kuro was then transported to Eano and the ship disappered behind the clouds.

The End

Well what did you think. Good, Bad, Ugly. I know my grammer and spelling are not the best
and I appollogize for them. Thanks for reading and I hope you liked it. Be sure to check
out some more of my works. 

Jab Man

