HI EVERYONE. THIS IS FIC TAKES PLACE IN THE TENCHI MUYO! OVA TIME LINE.
IT TAKES PLACE ABOUT 6 MONTHS AFTER THE END OF THE SERIES. I HOPE YOU ENJOY
IT. BY THE WAY I DO NOT NOR DO I CLAIM TO OWN ANY OF THE TENCHI CHARATERS.
THIS IS A COMPLETLY FICTIONAL STORY.

	It was a normal day at the Masaki home, well as normal as that place
can be anyway. Washu was, as usual hard at work in her lab. Aeka and Mihoshi
were at the shrine doing some chores. Because Tenchi's grandfather and father were
away for the weekend. Sasami was busy prepairing lunch for Tenchi and the gang. 
Tenchi along with Ryo-oki was hard at work in the carrot feilds. As for Ryoko 
she was fast asleep taking a prelunch nap in front of the television.

	However, in space a vistor was on his way, and Washu knew it. Washu
had installed thosands of sensors around the earth as to tell when unwanted
guests were in the area. She was currently tracking a small Jurian ship that
was heading in Earth's direction. She had never seen this specific ship before.
However, she knew it could not be Aeka's mother or father. A ship for them 
would be much bigger and more powerful. "Hmmm....This could get intersting"
said Washu with a devilish smile. 

	Meanwhile out in front of the Masaki residence Azaka and Kamidake 
were begining to sense the Juria ship as well. 

	"We must tell princess Aeka," said Azaka

	"No, it will arive before we return we must tell Sasami, she is closer"
said Kamidake.

	The two Gigantic cylianders then left their ports and headed for the
house. Once they arrived they got Sasami's and Ryoko's attenntion the only
way they knew how. They began to yell as lound as their robotic voices could.
Ryoko was awakened by the sudden yelp and fell off the couch in the process.
When she got up, she saw Sasami running to door. Ryoko followed and found the two
Gurdians yelling for Sasami.

	"I'm right here" said Sasami,yet the Gurdians continued calling.

	"I said I am right here" said Sasami, still no change.

	Ryoko then flew up to their robotic eyes and yelled "She is right 
there!"

	The two Gurdians turned to see the small princess staring at them in
confusion and they both grew large sweat beeds on their sides.

	"Uh....princess Sasami, we have an incoming Jurian ship" said Azaka

	"Is it mom or dad!" said an excited Sasami

	"No, this ship is unkown it is not in our data banks" said Camidake
"We do not know who it is"

	"Wonder who it is" said Sasami

	"Whoever it is, he is here already" said Ryoko who pointed at the sky.
Sure enough in the distance a small craft could be seen heading their way.

	Meanwhile in the feilds Tenchi also caught sight of the ship. First he
belived it was Mihoshi but then he relized that she was with Aeka at the shrine.
He then droped his rake and headed for the house with Ryo-oki, holding a carrot, close
behind.

	Sasami, the Guardians and Ryoko watched as the ship settled over
the lake in front of their home. The ship was not very large. A four or five seater
at best but Sasami could tell by its design that not only was it a Jurian ship.
It was a royal tree ship. A beam then apeared from the ship in front of the 
group. Seconds later a form appeared from the beam. When the beam left. A
man stood in its place. He wore the traditonal Jurian robe. He was farely tall
and was of average weight. He had long crimson red hair that was back in a 
long pony-tail, a very common style on Jurai. He was cleanshaven and had large
smile on his face. 

	Before Ryoko could speak Sasami ran by her twoards the man. She ran
too him arms open and she yelled "KURO!!" She then jumped in the young mans
arms and hugged him for all she was worth. 

	"Hello Sasami, its been a while" said Kuro as he hugged her back.

	"What are you doing here!" said the young princess with much excitement.

	"What, I can't visit my favorite two princess' in the universe." said
Kuro as he kissed the young princess on the forehead.

	Sasami smiled and said, "Let me introduce you. Ryoko this is Kurosawa,
Kuro for short. He is a childhood freind of Aeka's. He is also one of my
best freinds."

	"Hello, Miss Ryoko. Your reputation procedes you." said Kuro

	"Oh does it, tell me are you Jurian Royalty like Sasami?" said Ryoko

	"To be precise, yes. I am Sasami and Aeka's 2nd Cousin. So I do have
a little royal blood in me." said Kuro "how could you tell?"

	"Your ship is a royal tree" said Ryoko

	"Very observant Miss Ryoko, it is a royal tree I just got it last 
month for my 19th birthday" said Kuro

	Ryoko then gave him a quick look over and said "Your cute, but your
no Tenchi"

	"Speaking of whom where is this Tenchi" said Kruo

	"You know of him?" said Sasami

	"Yes, your father infromed my all about him, along with everyone else"
said Kuro

	"Daddy?" said Sasami, however before she could finish her thought 
another voice was heard.

	"Sasami!, whats going on!" yelled Tenchi as he ran up the path.

	"Oh Tenchi, Hi" said Ryoko as she proceded to rub up next to him when
he arrived. Sasami then introduced Kuro yet again to Tenchi and Ryo-oki, currently
in her child form. 

	"So your a freind of Aeka's, come on she is at the shrine I'll take 
you to her." said Tenchi after the formal introductions. 

	"You go get them, I'll finish lunch" said Sasami as she ran inside.

	Tenchi nodded and began to move twoards the steps. However, before 
Ryoko and Kuro could follow Ryo-oki jumped in front of Kuro and began
a little dance. She smiled and meowed at the end and looked at Kuro with joy.

	Kuro then bent down and looked the child and said "That was great,
what a show. In fact that was so good I have a present for you." Kuro then 
reached in his robe and pulled out a small bundel of carrots. "Here for you."

	Ryo-oki's eyes lit up as she took the carrots. She then turned to Kuro
and said "Meowwww!"

	"Your welcome." said Kuro

	Ryo-oki then began to wolf down the carrots. 

	"How did you..." said Ryoko

	Kuro then cut her off and said "Like I said Sasmai's Dad informed me"

----------later--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	At the top of the steps to the shrine Kuro and the others saw Mihoshi 
and Aeka. Kuro then whispered something into Tenchi's ear and hid in the bushes.

	Tenchi then called out "Aeka, Mihoshi, come here a second"

	Aeka and Mihoshi came to him and smiled. "Yes Tenchi" they both said

	Kuro then appered quietly from the bushes and stood behind Aeka. He
quickly held a finger to his lips to signify that the others should remain
quiet. Even Mihoshi noticed him and followed his instructions to stay silent.

	Aeka noticed that everyone was looking behind her. She then turned 
but Kuro turned with her so she saw nothing. Ryoko then began to chuckle.
As she continued to turn and look, the others begin to chuckle and laugh. She
even did two 360 turns, but Kuro always kept behind her.

	"What is so funny" yelled Aeka as even Tenchi was now laughing himself
silly.

	"Hey Spunky" said Kuro

	Aeka face when white with shock, she then got a very happy look on her
face as she turned and saw him. She then said "Kuro!" and jumped into his arms
for a hug.

	Kuro hugged her right back, smiled and said "its good to see you Aeka"

	Aeka then slapped Kuro upside the head and said "that was for the prank,
and this is for calling me that stupid nick-name." and she slapped him again.
She then grabbed him again and kissed him on the cheek and said "Thats for 
coming to visit"

	Ryoko then fell to the ground holding her gut as she laughed and all
she could say was "SPUNKY!!!"

	Aeka then turned and growled at the space pirate and gave her a very
evil look.

	"Same old Aeka" said Kuro as he smiled

	Aeka then said "What are you doing here"

	"Aeka, I have something very important to tell you" said Kuro
"Your father has selected a new husband for you." 

	Ryoko's face lit up with joy, she may finally be rid of her rival for
Tenchi's love. Aeka, Mishoshi, and Tenchi were shocked. The last time a 
husband was selected for Aeka, Tenchi was forced to fight him. However thanks to
Mihoshi he was a real washout. (excuse the pun)

	"Oh......oh really.....um well.....do, do you know who he has selected."
said a nervous Aeka

	Kuro then put both his hands on her sholders and said "Aeka, he has
selected me"

Ch 2 coming up