Here is CH2

	Aeka's face twisted and contorted with dozens of emotions. She was
at a loss for words. She truely loved Kuro, but not the same way in witch
she loved Tenchi. Under normal circumstances she would be overjoyed for her
father to select her good freind as her husband, but these were not normal
circumstances.

	The others were just as shocked as Aeka, even Ryoko was surprised by
the bluntness of Kuro. 

	Kuro's face remained the same, unwavering seriousness. He looked at
his childhood freind and saw the pain in her eyes. "Aeka, I thought you would
be pleased. That baffoon Seirgo was a stranger to you. Your father thought 
that you would be more comfortable with some one you already know."

	Aeka's mind was racing. She kept thinking about what she should do.
"I.........don't know........I am........Kuro.....Tenchi and" she stammered

	Tenchi decided to be a little brave and he said "Kuro, Aeka needs
some time to absorb all this. We should let her think about things. Come on
Sasami has lunch ready by now."

	Kuro turned to Tenchi and gave him an Icey glare, he then sighed
smiled and said "Very well"

-------later-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	"What" yelled Sasami

	"I said your Dad has selected Kuro to.." repeated Ryoko

	"Aeka, what are you going to do" said a worried Sasami as she cutting 
off Ryoko

	"I am not sure Sasami, I am not sure" said Aeka as she looked out the
window at Kuro and Tenchi as the spoke together out front.

	"This is wonderful. What is the name of this delecasy" said Kuro as 
he finshed his sandwitch.

	"Ham and Chesse on White" said Tenchi

	"Hmm.....good" said Kuro

	"Kuro what, do you intend to do?" asked Tenchi

	"What do you mean" said Kuro

	"If Aeka doesn't want to go, what will you do?" Tenchi said

	"Tenchi......this is no place for a future Queen of an Empire as
vast as the Jurian" said Kuro

	"Well, is that for you to decide" said Tenchi

	"Excuse me Tenchi but I am her freind. I care about what happens to her
and you leading her on like this is only going to make things worse. She will
eventually be forced to come back to Jurai by the King, one way or another.
If she comes back now it won't hurt as bad." Kuro more or less yelled.

	"Kuro, I am just trying to help" said Tenchi in his own defense

	"I know, I appologize for snapping like that, but I have to take Aeka
and Sasami back with me and that is final. I will do whatever it takes" said
Kuro

	"What do you mean, whatever it takes?" asked a nervous Tenchi

	"Kuro" said Aeka

	"Yes," answered Kuro as he turned to see Aeka and Sasami at her side

	"I know you want what is best for us but you must understand. We have
a family here. I love Tenchi and I never want to leave him. I know that
you just want me to be happy. Well Sasami and I are happy, we are happy
here. You must understand that." said Aeka

	"Oh, but Aeka he is so cute. Don't you want to go back with him to
your castle and live happly ever after" said Ryoko sarcastically as she phased
through the wall. 

	"Shut up Ryoko!" said Aeka

	"Kuro we are happy here. If that is what you want us to be then let 
us stay" said Sasami

	"So your saying you don't want to go" said Kuro

	"Yes, Kuro I do love you, but" said Aeka

	"Not as much as Tenchi" Kuro said, cutting her off. Kuro then bent
down and kissed Aeka on the cheek and said "I know you'll understand someday
why I am doing this" Kuro then faced Tenchi and in his most serious voice
said "Tenchi Masaki, by order of the King of Jurai I challenge you to a duel.
If you succued in defeating me Aeka and Sasami may do as they wish. However,
If I am victorius then both will accompany me to Jurai where the King will
decide their fate."

	"What!!" said a shocked Tenchi

	"You must fight Tenchi" said Aeka

	"But, but, but" said Tenchi

	"He doesn't have to do shit!" said Ryoko
	
	"If he does not fight, than I win by default" said Kuro

	"Wait, I'll fight" said Tenchi holding his head.

	"What?! But, Tenchi" whined Ryoko

	"Ryoko, I have to. I would do the same for any one of you. You all
mean to much to me now." said Tenchi as he looked into Ryoko's eyes.

	"Be careful," said Ryoko as she attempted to kiss Tenchi. Tenchi became
very nervous and attempted to scramble away from the space pirate. He 
ended up getting away just in time before Ryoko got to him. Aeka then gave
Ryoko another stern look.

	"Very well can we get on with this." said Kuro as he twisted a ring
on his finger and transformed into a battle suit. He then watched Tenchi as he 
pulled out his weapon of choice. "The master key! The King told me that you had
special powers but I never belived he ment this. Well I suppose my weapon is
not as powerful." he said as he pulled a sword of his own. "But then again
two swords are better than one" he said as he produced a second blade. Both
swords jumped to life and he lept at Tenchi. 

	Tenchi's sword lit up just in time to block the attack and then the fight
was on. The display of offensive and defensive stregth was amazing. However, the
overall sword battle was what stole the show. Both combatants were obviously
expert swordsman. As Kuro would swing and kick at Tenchi he  was forced to block 
and dodge. Even though Kuro had two blades, Tenchi and the master key were
keeping him on his toes. 
	
	"Your good" said Tenchi

	"Not bad yourself" said Kuro

	The battle raged on and neither combatant seemed to have the upper 
hand that is until Tenchi sliced at Kuro's head. Kuro doged the blade just
in time and use his swords as balance and he then fliped backwards.

	"Hey, this is not a fight to the death you know." said Kuro when he 
landed. Tenchi only had a worried look on his face. "What?" said Kuro. 
Tenchi then pointed to the ground and Kuro saw a giant red lock of hair. 
Kuro then felt the back of his head and sure enough his pony tail was no 
more. "My hair! You cut off my hair" screamed a shocked Kuro

	"The sword did it" said Tenchi as giant sweat bead appeared on his 
forehead.

	Kuro then charged and began the battle once again. After what
seemed like forever it happend. Tenchi made an error and gave Kuro an opening.
Kuro nocked the sword from Tenchi with the but end of one of his own swords.
When Tenchi jumped to retrive it he was punched in the gut. 

	The girls screamed Tenchi's name but before anything could be done.
Tenchi was on his back attempting to catch his breath. Kuro quickly got over
him and put his energy blades in a "X" shape near his neck.

	"Its over, now yeild Tenchi" said Kuro

	"Aeka, Sasami, I am sorry" said Tenchi

	"Noooo!" bawled Sasami

	Tenchi then looked at Aeka as she began to cry into her hands, and then
with a heavy heart he said "I yeild"

	Meanwhile, in the lab of the great Washu. The spikey haired goddess 
looked on as she saw the events unfold. "This is interesting, interesting indeed."
she said as she watched.

CH#3 is coming up