Disclaimer:  I do not own any of the characters of Tenchi Muyo!  
They are owned by AIC and Pioneer North America.  I did not create 
them, and their use here is strictly for the enjoyment of myself 
and anyone who gets bored enough to read this.  In other words: 
Please don't sue my poor ass.

Tenchi Muyo!
From the Blood of the Gods-- Part 10:  Dead God Moon (or No Need 
for Souls)
by the Loneshark

	His eyes hurt too much for him to open them.  All of his body 
hurt, for that matter.  It was his eyes, though, that hurt the 
most.  They had always given him trouble, ever since Hikage had 
plucked the firdt pair out of their sockets.  He regenerated them, 
of course.  He was a Guradian, one of those chosen to protect.  He 
wondered how long Hikage had known that.  Ever since that day, not 
very long after Yosho left, when Seayo journeyed up ontot he 
surface of Jurai, careful not to reveal his presence.  
	Hikage was the one to see him for what he was.  The Juraian 
lord cornered him, and captured him.  Seayo had been imprisoned 
for so many weeks that he had lost count.  Hikage was amazed, 
almost envious, of his resilience.  "You take pain so incredibly 
well, Twilight demon," he seered, over and over.  That same 
sentence had haunted him for so long , until the day he finally 
managed to break free of his prison by exploding into a whirling 
storn of soul-fire.  He thought Hikage had died, then. 
	Hikage was still alive.
	"Why are you pulling out these memories?  Get out of my 
head."  His eyes flashed open, glowing as red as his gem.  Shadow 
Dog looked around, craning his neck.  He lay out in nowhere, a 
black void all around him.  He couldn't even begin to comprehend 
the meaning of the bieng in front of him.  "A giant flowating 
face?  You've got to be kidding me."
	If D3 had possessed a mouth, he would have frowned.  His 
voice seemed to come from the void itself.  "Silence, Guardian.  
You know why you are here.  Tsunami has protected your memory 
well."
	Shadow spat into the darkness.  "You won't find her, god.  I 
serve my mistress.  No one else."  He screamed as pain wracked his 
body.  Not even Hikage had been able to cause this much pain.  His 
eyes burned.  He could feel his blood seep through his pours.
	"Is that all you are going to do?"  The pain stopped.  Shadow 
shakily raised his head, looking around.  The Bane of Dragons 
floated next to him, the sigil of Tokimi burning brightly in it's 
chest.  "If you are going to torture us, it is futile.  He won't 
tell you where she is."
	"You failed us, beast.  You have no right to speak."  D3's 
gaze fell upon the Bane, and the demon screamed as it's body was 
torn apart.  Shadow stared in horror.  The demon's muscles 
stretched and joints popped.  Blood spurted intot he void, falling 
into nothingness.  The mutilation increased, and soon the Bane of 
Dragon's was ripped apart.  The pieces of it's body fell.
	"You bastard!"  Shadow screamed at D3.  "You killed him!  
What kind of a god are you?  You'r pathe-- AAAHHH!"  More pain 
entered him.
	"Enough, D3,"  Shadow knew the voice, although he had never 
heard it.
	"But, my Lady..."
	"I will deal with him.  Leave."
	There was a hesitant moment.  "As you wish, my Lady."
	D3's image dissappeared, and was replaced with a woman in 
flowing robes.  Her head swept back into the blackness.  Shadow 
couldn't help but feel slight awe in her presence.  Her eyes 
reflected...
	"You are the Guardian of Tsunami.  You have served her well, 
but her time is ended.  Tell me where your mistress is, Seayo.  It 
will be merciful if you do."
	Shadow Dog smiled, and raised an eyebrow.  "You remind me of 
a bird.  I hate birds."
	Lady Tokimi frowned.  Her eyes flashed with anger.  "Fine.  
You will break.  It is only a matter of time."
	Shadow felt himself fall.  "Tsuanmi..."

***

	"Father, why have you done all of this?"  Yosho raised his 
hand, the blue light of the sword Tenchiken illuminating the dim 
room.  "Why did you give in to her?"
	Azusa's face was stone.  "My Lady's power is great, Yosho.  
There is no one who can resist her.  She will have her way, in the 
end."  He flew at his son, their swords striking.  They pushed 
against each other, their brows dripping with sweat.  "You failed 
me, Yosho."
	They pushed off, Azusa flying back, Yosho flipping into the 
air.  His feet landed on the wall, and he pushed off.  There was a 
flash as their swords met, and Yosho landed on the floor.  He 
turned, preparing for another attack.
	Azusa was faster.  "Duty.  Honor.  Do these things mean 
nothing to you?"  Their sowrds clashed, again and again.  Yosho 
would push Azusa backward, and the emporer would do the same to 
his son.
	"I never wanted your throne, father."  In a swift move, his 
father was disarmed.  The sword flew out of Azusa's hands, 
clattering to the floor.  Yosho held the blade of Tenchiken at his 
father's throat.  "You have gone insane, father.  Let me help you.  
Tokimi is your enemy, not my grandson."
	Azusa smiled, his eyes glowing.  "I am not your father."  He 
vanished, and reappeared next to his sword.  He picked it up off 
of the ground, and teleported behind Yosho.  Yosho barely had time 
to move out of the way, feeling the wind as Azusa's sword lashed 
out at him.  "Your grandson is a danger to me.  He tried to take 
my daughters away, he forced me to place the bounty on him.  It's 
all his fault.  It would have been better if he had never been 
born."  Azusa charged.  "It's all his fault!"
	Their swords met.

***

	She remembered her first lesson:  to be afraid of the dark.  
There is pain in darkness.  "Tenchi!"  Her voice echoed into the 
void, but there was no other answer.  She couldn't see anyone in 
the darkness.  Even with the power of her gems, she couldn't see.  
She was alone in the darkness.
	"Tenchi, please.  Washu?  Shadow?  Anyone?  Please, don't 
leave me here!"  Ryoko could feel the darkness closing on her.  
"Come on, Ryoko, stop it.  You can beat this," she thought to 
herself.  She tried to yell out again, her voice weaker.  "Tenchi!  
Washu!  Please, help me.  Don't leave me in the dark, like this.  
It's..."
	"No!  Don't you dare say it.  You can beat this, come on, 
Ryoko.  You're stronger than this."  Ryoko screamed, and shot a 
blast into the darkness.  It flew like a beacon out into the void, 
until it was nothing.  She was in darkness.  In nothing.  Alone.  
"Tenchi!"
	Then, he was there, right in front of her.  His face was 
angry.  "Ten... Tenchi, what is it?"
	"Demon."
	Ryoko flew backwards.  No, this couldn't be Tenchi.
	"I hate you, you monster.  Get out of my life, leave me 
alone!"
	Ryoko felt tears fall down her face.  She couldn't feel 
anything else.  "No, Tenchi, please..."
	The sword of the Light Hawk Wings appeared in his hand.  "I 
said go away!"  He swung at her.  "I hate you, don't you get that?  
I could never love a demon like you!"
	Ryoko dogded the sword out of reflex.  "N... no.  No, this 
isn't real.  You... you can't fool me with this.  Tenchi loves me.  
This isn't Tenchi Masaki.  It's just a damn illusion."
	"Stupid whore," Tenchi growled at her, and swung his sword 
again.  It was stopped as Ryoko's own sword appeared in her hand.  
	
	"No!  I won't let you use him against me!  Not him."  Ryoko 
let loose with a blast of energy.  It rose from her chest, flowing 
over the image of Tenchi.  The illusion screamed, and disappeared.  
Ryoko fell to her knees, crying.  "No.  I won't let you use him.  
This isn't real.  Nothing here can hurt me.  Let me out!"  Ryoko 
screamed, and let her power rage.  Orange light filled the 
darkness, and then faded.  Ryoko breathed heavily.  "No.  I can't 
be afraid.  I can't be afraid.  There's no pain in the darkness."

***

	    "Awake, Tenchi."  Teh voice was sothing.  Musical.  It 
was like a song.  Tenchi opened his eyes, and looked uupon the 
beautiful Lady.  "Hello, Tenchi Masaki."  Tenchi couldn't speak.  
He had never seen her, but he knew instantly who she was.
	"Lady Tokimi..."  Tenchi's throat struggled for words, but he 
couldn't force them.  
	The Lady put a hand to his face.  "You are the one who holds 
so much power.  How?"
	Tenchi shook his head, trying to shake off entrancement.  
"Wha... Where am I?  Where's Ryoko, and Shadow?"  He looked 
around.  He stood, floated, >was< in darkness.  "How did I get 
here?"
	"My servant Hikage brought you.  I have wanted to meet you 
for a very long time, Tenchi."
	He looked at the face of the goddess.  It was beautiful.  It 
aroused nothing more than awe, and humbleness in him.  "Me?  Why 
have you wanted me?"
	Tokimi's hand traveled down his neck, feeling his chest.  "I 
can feel it inside you.  Your power... Tsunami must have gone to 
much trouble to change the rules behind my back.  You can do so 
much..."
	Tenchi shook his head.  "What are you talking about?  The 
Light Hawk Wings?  So what if I can use them?  What is it to you, 
and why are you talking about Tsunami?"
	Tokimi smiled.  "My, so many questions.  Do you really not 
know the nature of your own power?"
	"It doesn't seem that you do."
	"Don't be rude.  You are in the presence of a goddess, after 
all.  I am Tsunami's sister.  She left me, so long ago.  I have 
been very lonly, Tenchi."  She turned her back.  "That's going to 
change.  You, Tusnami's child, are the key to that."
	Tenchi tried to understand all of what she was saying, but 
there were too many things he didn't know.  "I don't care about 
any of that.  Where are my friends?  Where's Ryoko?  Send us back, 
right now!"
	"You poor boy, so confused.  I am not your enemy.  I am your 
only salvation."  She turned around, looking out into the 
blackness.  "My child lies out there.  He had power, like you.  He 
possessed a sword of five blades, and had so much power and love 
for me, his mother.  Then, Tsunami took him from me.  She 
destoryed him."
	Tenchi listened, more of the story coming to him, and making 
sense.  "But, Tsunami doesn't kill.  She saved Sasami's life.  How 
could she--?"
	Tokimi turned on him, her eyes full of pain.  "You know 
nothing, boy!  Tsunami took my son from me.  That's all I have 
thought of, for thirty thousand years. I have thought of nothing 
else.  Now, the time will be at hand."  She moved closer, her face 
beginning to calm.  "Please, Tenchi, I need you help."
	"My... my help?"
	She nodded.  "I need you power.  It's the strongest I've ever 
seen a mortal possess, with the exception of my other sister's 
child.  But I already know she won't help me.  There's only you, 
Tenchi.  Only you can help me.  It would be so much easier."  She 
moved closer, placing his face in her hands.  Tenchi would have 
moved away if he could.  "I can bring my child back.  Don't you 
want to help me, Tenchi?  If I bring him back, I will be whole 
again.  Wouldn't you like to help me do that, Tenchi?"
	Her voice... Tenchi tried to resist it.  He didn't like the 
sound of her offer.  There had been something in her voice when 
she was angry, something that disturbed him... 
	"...Tenchi..."
	"Please, Tenchi.  Join me.  Give me access to your power, 
wilingly, and it will all be fine."  Tenchi felt his eyes close.  
He didn't want to give in, but something in her voice now was 
entrancing him.
	"...Tenchi..."
	"Just give in.  There's nothing you can do."  He could feel 
her breath near his face.  He felt his resolve giving way.
	"Tenchi!"
	Tenchi's eyes flashed open.  The voice... "Ryoko!"  Tokimi 
moved away, sneering.  "No, release me, now.  Let Ryoko go."  He 
felt pain as a force smacked him across the face.
	"How dare you refuse a goddess!  What could Washu's child 
possess that I could not give you, Tenchi?  With my son back, you 
and he could rule All.  Do you understand?"
	Tenchi looked at her.  "I don't care about that.  I want 
Ryoko, and Shadow Dog, right now.  Leave us alone.  Why are you 
doing this to us?"
	Tokimi sighed.  "Very well, then.  I seems you have made your 
choice."  Tokimi waved her hand, and Tenchi felt his body fall.  
"You could have done so much, Tenchi."

***

	His head hurt.  First his eyes, now his head.  "This is just 
turning into a great experience, isn't it?"  He put a hand to his 
head, rubbing it as he sat up.  It didn't make the pain go away, 
but he had to do something.  He looked around.  There was still 
nothing but more darkness.  He could percive deepth, mysterioulsy 
enough.  
	"It's because of your connection to Darkness,"  he turned 
around, unstartled by the voice.  Tsunami stood in front of him, 
smiling.  Her body was surrounded in a nimbus of light.  
	"Mistress Tsunami...," Shadow looked up at her in awe.  She 
was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen.  "Mistress, what 
are you doing here?  This is Tokimi's realm, you could..."
	Tsunami shook her head.  "Do not worry about me, Seayo.  You 
placed my body in the Chrysalis.  This is just a manifestaion.  An 
illusion.  Tokimi can not harm me, but I can communicate."  Shadow 
sat up on one knee, bowing infront of her.
	"Mistress, forgive me.  This is my fault.  If I had been able 
to stop Hikage all those years ago, then this wouldn't have come 
to pass."
	Tsunami shook her head.  "You still haven't learned, Seayo, 
that Tokimi would have found another way.  She is a goddess-- 
there is little you could have done to stop this from coming to 
pass.  I don't blame you for it, and I don't regret anything that 
had happened."
	Shadow Dog looked up at her.  "What doyou mean?"
	"You'r time with Sasami has been a good thing for both of us.  
You kept your promise to protect us, and I am thankful for that."  
Shadow bowed his head again.  Tsuanmi bent down, cupping his chin, 
and forced him to look up.
	"I... I didn't..."
	"You haven't failed in your promise to Sasami, yet.  Your 
duty is to do as I ask, Seayo.  I am asking you now, please help 
Tenchi and Ryoko.  You need to help them stop Tokimi.  Time is 
growing short."  Shadow nodded, and the goddess smiled.  She 
stood.  "Thank you, Seayo."
	"Thank you, Mistress Tsunami."
	The goddess faded away.  Shadow smiled, slightly, and stood 
up.  "Now, how the hell am I going to get out of here?"  He heard 
yelling.  Shadow looked up, and say someone coming at him, falling 
from the darkness.
	Shadow ran to Tenchi as the young man hit the ground.  He 
knelt beside him, gently shaking his unconcious body.  "Tenchi!  
Come on, Tenchi, wake up."
	Tenchi coughed, opening his eyes.  "Huh?  Uh, Shadow...?"  He 
sat up, groaning from the pain.  "Ohh, that hurt."
	Shadow chuckled, and helped Tenchi to his feet.  "Welcome to 
the basement.  Where's Ryoko?"
	Tenchi shook his head.  "I don't know.  I... felt her, when 
Tokimi tried to get me to join her in... I sitll don't get what 
she's trying to do."
	Shadow nodded.  "Niether do I.  I do know that you have to 
stop her, though."
	Tenchi looked at him.  "What do you mean me?  Shouldn't it be 
us?"
	Shadow shook his head, calmly.  "No.  This isn't my fight, 
Tenchi.  It belongs to you and Ryoko.  Don't ask me how I know.  
It's just one more thing I don't realy understand."
	Tenchi nodded.  "Then what do we do now?"
	Shadow shrugged, and looked up.  "Well, since we came from up 
there, we might as well try it."
	Tenchi nodded.  He held out his hands in front him, felling 
his power rise to the surface.  The Light Hawk Wings appeared in 
front of him, and he and Shadwo were encased in a blue ball of 
energy.  Tenchi felt them rise up into the darkness, speeding 
towards the top.  "Hang on, Ryoko.  I'm coming."

***

	Yosho pushed against his father's sword.  His father had 
never been this skilled, before.  I twas the power of Tokimi, 
driving him on.  Yosho could feel his body beginning to tire.  How 
long had they been fighting?  Mihoshi and Kiyone had tried to 
help, but Azusa had knocked them back against the wall.  They lay 
on the floor unconcious.  If only he could manage to cut off that 
damn hand.  

	Lady Funaho looked up, the pain in her head blurring her 
sight, slightly.  She couldn't remember what had happened.  
Somehow, she knew,Azusa had returned.  She lay on the floor of the 
palace.  Her sister was onconicous beside her.  Past her was the 
two Galaxy Police detectives, Mihoshi and Kiyone.  What were they 
doing here?  Something had happened.  Two people lay against a 
large door, but she couldn't recognize them.  Her vision was 
clearing, but slowly.  She tried to stand, but her legs were weak.  
She managed to push herself upright, and then wished that she was 
unconcious again.
	In front of her, her son and husband fought.  The sound of 
their swords rang throughout the halls.  Why had no one come to 
stop them?  Where was everyone?  Funaho tried to understand what 
was going on.  Why was her husband doing this?  He'd been driven 
insane.  Why?
	
	Yosho felt himself slip.  The sword Tenchiken fell from his 
grasp.  He and the sword fell to the ground.  He grunted in pain, 
his stamina wearing thin.  Azusa stood over him, glaring down as 
in judgement.  This couldn't be real.  It was too much like a 
nightmare.  The Emporer of Jurai raised his sword over his head.  
"Worthless," he sneered.  "You were a failure to me, Yosho."  Why 
did those words sound so familiar?
	"Azusa, no!"  The Emporer paused, and turned.  His wife, 
Funaho, lay on the ground, pleading.  Her hand was stretched out, 
hoping that somehow she could reach him, touch him, get him to sto 
this maddness.  "Husband!"
	Yosho had to take his chance.  He reached inside the robes, 
and used teh last of his strength to push himself up off the 
ground.  His hand shot out, holding a small knife.  He grasped his 
father's left hand, and cut above the wrist.  The hand with the 
sigil of Lady Tokimi ripped off, the knife cutting through bone 
and muscle.  Azusa cried out more from suprise than pain.  Yosho 
trew the hand to the ground, and whatched it burn up in a blue 
fire.
	Azusa fell to his knees, his sword clattering to the ground.  
Yosho fell beside him, both men having their strength drained from 
them.  Funaho rushed over, ripping off part of her royal robes.  
She tied it around her husband's injured arm, cutting off the 
bleeding. She laid his head in her lap, his eyes already closing 
shut.  "Sleep well, my husband."  She looked at her son.  He lay 
sprawled on the ground, feeling teh wieght of the day press on 
him.  "Yosho?"
	He looked up, wearily, at his mother.  "Mother, forgive me.  
I..."
	She shook her head.  "You did what was necassary, Yosho.  If 
you hadn't stopped him, there's no telling what he would have 
done."  She looked down.  "Where's Tenchi?"
	Yosho looked at the empty office.  Where had they gone?  
Somehow, he knew the answer.  But he feared it.  "He's gone to do 
what he must, also.  Him, and Ryoko.  It's all up to them, now."

***

	"Hello, Ryoko.  I'm surprised to see you here."  That voice 
sent a shiver down her back.  It wasn't possible.  He was dead.  
"I do hope you're suprised to see me."
	Ryoko turned her head, not wanting to see him.  "You're not 
real, Kagato.  I saw you die.  You can't fool me with this."
	He chuckled.  "Come, come, Ryoko.  You know I'm real.  It's 
foolish of you to even try and resist.  Now, get over here."
	Ryoko growled, and looked at him.  He hadn't changed.  "You 
can't control me, anymore.  I won't let you."
	"Such pitiful rage.  Do you really think you can resist me?  
You're just a construct.  An artificial demon.  There's nothing 
about you that I can't alter, destroy.  You belong to me, Ryoko.  
You're just a puppet."
	"I am not your puppet.  I am a human being, damn you.  You 
can't control me.  No one can control me, order me, or stop me.  
And I will never let you hurt me again, Kagato.  You're dead.  Get 
out of here."
	He sneered.  "You're nothing, Ryoko.  Come over, face me!  
Look at your nightmare.  This is the face that will haunt you in 
the darkness for the rest of your life, everytime you close your 
eyes."
	Ryoko's fist slammed across the phantasm's jaw, sending him 
back into the darkness.  "I've faced my nightmare.  You can't beat 
me.  I won't let you beat me.  I promised Tenchi I would be there 
for him, adn I'll keep that promise.  I swear it.  You can't stop 
me, Tokimi.  Do you hear me?  Let me out of here, now!"

	Tenchi could feel himself and Shadow rising, faster.  The 
darkness seemed to stretch on forever, without any sign of end, 
but he could feel it.  They were nearing the roof of the darkness.  
He could sense the light beyond it.  Ryoko was up there.  She 
needed him.  
	Tenchi pushed harder, forcing the darkness to part.  He and 
Shadow dog appeared on a platform.  The darkness had disappeared.  
Tenchi deactivated his Light Hawk Wings, and the blue sphere that 
was around them faded.  They looked around.
	It was more like a palace.  There were other platforms around 
them, with no discernible to move between them.  Light seemed to 
emenate from the realm itself.  Everything but what lay in front 
of them could be clearly seen.  Tenchi looked up.  "Ryoko!"
	Ryoko hung in the air above them suspended.  Her eyes flashed 
open, and she looked around.  "Where am I?"
	"Ryoko, are you all right?"
	Ryoko looked down below her.  Tenchi and Shadow Dog stood on 
some kind of platform in the middle of space.  "Tenchi!  I'm fine, 
but... I can't move."
	A large form appeared in front of them.  Shadow growled at 
the face of D3.  Hikage appeared in front of him, the Juraian 
nobleman's body surrounded in a sworling aura of power.  "You are 
in the realm of the Lady Tokimi.  You should be humbled."  D3's 
voice seemed to come from all around.
	"You mean your mad goddess?  To hell with her, and you.  What 
kind of a goddess would use a servant as twisted as him?"  Shadow 
pointed at Hikage.  The man seemed unmoved.
	"You dare to speak of Lady Tokimi in such a manner?  What 
audacity you mortals have."  The large, oval gem in D3's forehead 
glowed.  Shadow fell to his knees, bursts of pain racking his 
body.  
	"Shadow!"  Tenchi ran over to him.  The Guardian pushed him 
back.
	"No.  I... I can... handle this."  Tenchi backed away, 
slowly.  Those words echoed his own, once.  The young man turned 
back to D3.  
	"Shwo me Tokimi.  Where is she?"
	The voice came from inside his mind, like a song.  "I am 
right here, Tenchi.  Can you not see me, with your soul?  I am a 
goddess, without a form you can truly percieve.  Would it please 
you to take a form you can see?"  Tenchi nodded.  "Very well."
	The form of Tokimi appeared behind D3.  "Leave us, D3.  Your 
work is finished here.  There is nothing left for you to do.  My 
time is close at hand."
	"Yes, my Lady."  D3 vanished.  Shadow stood, the pain leaving 
with the demi-god.  
	"Ohh, my head.  You people are such sadists, you know that?"  
He snarled at Tokimi.  "What are you up to, goddess?  Why is 
Hikage here?"
	Hikage stepped forward.  "Because, my dear Seayo, I am to be 
blessed by my Lady Tokimi.  The child she lost so long ago to your 
precious Tsunami is about to be reborn in my body.  It is a 
destiny I welcome."
	Shadow shook his head.  "I should've known I wouldn't get a 
straight answer from you.  You're just so damn insane, after all."
	Hikage's face twisted into a visage of hate.  "You mock the 
power of Lady Tokimi?"
	Tenchi shouted at him, "We don't give a damn about your Lady, 
or her son.  Let Ryoko go, now."
	Hikgae looked at him.  "Oh, yes, I see.  You love that one, 
don't you?  Tell me, what would you do for her?  Would you give 
your life?"  He looked at Tenchi's eyes.  "Hm, indeed."  Hikage 
turned around, and knelt before the goddess.  "My Lady, I am ready 
to recieve your gift.  Please, descend and let your favorite son 
be reborn."
	Shadow growled as he changed into his hound form, and leapt 
at Hikage.  Tenchi cired out for him to stop, but Shadow didn't 
hear him.  The hound's gem glowed.  Shadow stopped in mid-air as a 
filed of energy caught him, and sent currents of pain through him.  
"Not again!" He thought.  He howled, and the field threw him back.  
His body tumbled limply on the floor.
	"Shadow!"  Tenchi's sword formed in his hands, and he charged 
Hikage.  His sword struck the field, and power flashed and 
crackled in the air.  Tenchi pushed at the field, trying to break 
it.  Hikage stood and turned.  There was a flash of light in his 
eyes, and Tenchi was pushed back.  The sword vanished as his 
concentration was lost, and he smashed into the floor.
	Tokimi looked down on the scene, smiling.  This was the best 
Tsunami could do to stop her?  She looked to her side.  She could 
see her sister's image, frowning at her.  "What's the matter, 
sister?  So sad to see your precious pets face their final 
moments?  No matter, my son will be reborn.  Then all you will 
know my pain, my grief."
	"You lost yourself in grief, Tokimi.  Your pain has made you 
strong, but it will also be your undoing."  Tokimi gasped, and 
looked to her other side.  It was Washu.  She had changed, since 
she had Tokimi's side.  Tokimi bared her teeth. 
	"Washu, you've finally come.  After so long I spent looking 
for you.  I'd hoped you would appreciate my plan, even help me.  
Why have you betrayed me?"
	Washu shook her head.  "You betrayed yourself, Tokimi.  You 
never seemed to understand that lesson."

	Ryoko looked at the goddess.  She couldn't understadn how, 
but Tokimi seemed to be distracted.  Ryoko grinned, knowing that 
this was her one chance to break free.  Her gems glowed as she 
focused her power into herself.  She released it, holding it in an 
aura around her body.  Tokimi's bonds broke, and Ryoko flew 
towords the platform below her.  "Tenchi!"
	Tokimi looked to the mortals, and cursed.  She batted Ryoko 
aside, cursing her sister's daughter.  Ryoko fell to the side, and 
landed hard into the far end of the platform.  "Dammit."
	"Tokimi, stop this now!"  Washu tried to reach her sister.  
"There is still time.  YOu have one chance before we are forced to 
finish you, Tokimi.  Please, don't make us do this."
	"Who is 'us', Washu?  You and Tsuanmi?  Your children?  How 
do you expect to stop me?  Your own power is gone, given to your 
daughter, and Tsunami can not affect me in her state.  Face it, 
sister.  You are without hope of defeating me."
	Washu frowned.  "You never did understand.  Maybe you can't."

	Tenchi struggled to get to his feet.  "Shadow?  Shadow, are 
you oaky?"  
	The hound grunted as it rose, it's soul-fire starting to 
grow.  It barked.
	Both of them stood, but unable to move further.  They 
struggled, but it was hopeless.  Tokimi looked down, and touched 
Hikage.  Hikage smiled, and looked up.  A dark column of power 
fell on him, filling him.  He could feel it.  The power was 
filling him, taking over his body.  He opened up his soul, 
welcoming it.  "Yes.  Make me a channel.  A sacrifice.  Let you 
son be reborn, my Lady!"
	Shadow pushed against whatever force was holding he and 
Tenchi back.  He wanted to rip out Hikage's throat, if only to 
shut him up.  What the hell was that madman ranting about?  Shadow 
growled as he felt the power entering Hikage.  It felt familiar.  
He knew what that power was.
	Tenchi could feel it, too.  It was Darkness.  Shadow changed 
back to his humaniod form, and looked to Tenchi.  "Tenchi, get 
back.  It's only going to get bigger."  Both of them turned and 
ran to the edge of the platform.  Hikage could feel it enter him.  
	The power...

	Finally, the pillar of Darkness disappeared.  Tenchi and 
Shadow moved closer, readying themselves.  Hikage looked at them, 
and they almost jumped back.  It was no longer Hikage.
	"It is good to be back among the living.  Mother, I thank 
you."  The man stepped forward.  Tenhci and Shadow could feel the 
power around his body, dark energies that inspired fear among 
great races millenia ago.  "Are you to be the first to fall, after 
so long?  Will you meet your fate here?"
	Tenchi formed his sword in front of him.  "What are you?"
	The man smiled.  "I am like you.  I am one born from the 
blood of the gods.  I was blessed by fate to be the ruler of the 
universe."
	Tenchi's sowrd disappeared, replaced by the three blades of 
the Light Hawk Wings.  The Wings passed over his body, changing 
his clothes to his battle suit.  The man's eyes widened with 
suprise.  "Only three blades?  You shouldn't be ale to do that."  
Five wings formed around the man.  "Nonetheless, you will not be 
able to defeat me."  Shadow growled at him, and the man shifted 
his gaze.  "This is not your fight, Guardian.  You should heel, 
like a good dog."  The man squeezed his fist, and Shadow was 
flited into the air.  He froze, unable to move.
	"Shadow Dog!"  Tenchi looked from his friend to the man.  The 
Light Hawk Wings formed in front of him.  He grasped one of the 
blades, and formed it into a sword.  "I'm sick of this.  Why do 
you people try to harm everyone I know?  My family, my friends.  I 
just want you to leave us alone!"
	The man's wings twisted into a ball in his hand.  He closed 
it, and a sword formed.  "Cease your angst, boy.  Are you going to 
stop me, or move aside?"
	Tenchi charged the man, his sword raised.  Their swords met.  
They pushed against each other's strength.  Tenchi gritted his 
teeth, and pushed hard.  The man's face remained unmoved, like 
stone.  He pushed Tenchi off, and came forward.  The man's sword 
hit against Tenchi's Wings, and was sent back.  He flew back, 
trying to keep his balance.  "It's seems I've misjudged you.  
Come, if you wish to continue."  the man rose up into the air.  
Tenchi leapt at him, and their swords clashed again.

	"Ryoko.  Ryoko, wake up.  Please, Ryoko, get up!"
	Ryoko moaned, rubbing her head.  It hurt too much for this 
damn voice to be in there.  "What... who's that?"
	"Ryoko, you idiot!  Get up off your lazy butt!"
	Ryoko groaned again.  "Washu?"  She pushed herself off of the 
ground.  "Washu?  How?"
	"There's no time to explain, Ryoko.  Just listen."  Ryoko 
opened her eyes.  She was still in the same place, but laying on 
the ground.  Shadow seemed to be trapped in the air, like she had 
been.  Where was Tenchi?
	She looked up.  Tenchi was in the air, fighting with... 
Hikage?  No, it wasn't Hikage.  Ryoko could see the Darkness 
around him.  This was someone else.  "Ryoko, you have to get up.  
You have to help Tenchi, only defeating Tokimi's son will end 
this."
	"Washu, what are talking about?  I have all my gems, but I 
can't--"
	"Listen to me, Ryoko.  Your power and Tenchi's are the same.  
You are both from the blood of gods.  Together you can beat 
Tokimi, I know it.  Please, go."
	She felt Washu's voice leave her.  "Washu?  Dammit, what did 
she mean?"  She looked up.  Tenchi was surrounded in a sphere of 
power, his Light Hawk Wings clashing with the other man's dark 
powers.  "Hell with it."  She flew up into the air, her power 
already regaining it's strength.
	The man, the son of Tokimi, threw his energy at Tenchi.  The 
power hit his Wings, light flashing as the powers pressed against 
each other.  Tenchi felt his Wings begin to weaken.  He couldn't 
hold up mich longer.
	Ryoko grabbed Tenchi around the waist, pulling him up.  The 
power of Tokimi's son flew into the void.  Tenchi looked down, 
seeing anger cross the man's face.  It was the first real emotion 
he'd shown.
	"Ryoko?"  She stopped, holding on to him.  "Ryoko, what you 
doing?"
	She smiled.  "Trust me, Tenchi.  I told you I'd be right 
beside you, keeping you from stealing the fun."  Tenchi couldn't 
help but smile back.  "Come on, let's get rid of this guy and go 
home."  
	"Son of Tsuanmi, do you really think you can defeat me?"  
Tokimi's son flew up after them.  His wings glowed, dark energy 
gathering around them.  "I am unbeatable."
	Ryoko growled at him.  "Shutup, you jerk!"  She and Tenchi 
charged.  Tenchi could feel his Light Hakw Wings forming in front 
of them, but there was something different.  They were growing 
stronger.  He could feel Ryoko's power strengthening them.  
	They collided, their wings stopping them.  The powers pressed 
hard against each other.  Tokimi's son screamed with rage.  He 
could not be defeated, he was the son of a god.  How was this 
happening?
	Light flodded everything, and there was no sound.

	Tokimi screamed as she felt her son die.  "No.  No, Tsuanmi, 
you can not do this to me again, not again."
	Washu shook her head.  "You were already dead, Sister.  You 
had lost yourself to the darkness in your own grief.  Please, be 
at rest, now.  There is nothing more for you to do."
	Tokimi could not scream as she was erased from existence.

***

	Tenchi opened his eyes.  Ryoko's arms were wrapped around 
him, her eyes closed.  "Ryoko?  Ryoko?"  She opened her eyes.
	"Tenchi!"  She hugged him, squeezing tighter.  
	Tenchi gasped.  "Ryoko, I... can't... breathe."
	She loosened her grip, but didn't let go.  "It's over.  
Finally, it's over."
	They looked as a moan came from nearby.  Shadow lay on the 
floor of the platform, his body smoking.  "Ow.  I really hate that 
goddess."
	Washu appeared next to him, in her adult form.  She kicked 
the Guardian in the side.  "Come on, get up.  I know you're not 
that hurt."
	Shadow clutched his side, and whimpered.  "Could you please 
not yell?"  He stood, his knees still shaking.
	"Wahsu?"  She looked at Tenchi and Ryoko.  "Washu, what 
happened?  Where's Tokimi?"  Tenchi asked her.
	She smiled, knowingly.  "Tokimi's gone, Tenchi.  She won't 
bother anyone, ever again.  In order to ressurect her son, she had 
to link their fates together.  It was her undoing.  Becuase you 
resisted her, she was unable to fully protect herself."  She 
seemed sad for a moment, and then smiled again.  "Well, let's just 
go home.  I'm exhausted."
	Ryoko looked around.  "How the hell do we do that?"
	"Teleport us back to Jurai, you idiot.  I know you can do 
it."

***

	Ryoko sat on the roof, looking up into the night sky.  She 
scratched Ryo-ohki under the chin.  The cabbit purred, and jumped 
over to the edge of the roof.
	"Ryoko," Tenchi climbed up onto the roof.  "Dinner's almost 
ready."  He walked up and sat down next to her.  "Ryoko?"  She 
continued to look up at the sky.  Tenchi shrugged, and looked up 
with her.
	"It's still so hard to believe.  I'd always just thought of 
her as a perverted little demon.  I never imagined she'd turn out 
to be a goddess."
	"You're angry?"
	She shook her head.  "No, just finding it hard to believe.  I 
wonder why that doesn't make me angry."
	Tenchi smiled.  "Don't worry about it.  It's over, anyway."  
He put his arm around her, and she rested her head on his 
shoulder.  "You know, we really should go in, now.  Sasami will 
get upset if we don't come and eat."
	"Ah, I'm not hungry, anyway.  Sasami will understand," Ryoko 
chuckled, and nuzzled his neck.
	"You kids are so sweet!"  Ryoko and Tenchi jumped, and looked 
over their shoulders.  Washu stood on the very edge of the roof, 
balancing herself as she walked along it.  She was in her adult 
form, just as she had been after Tokimi was defeated.  She hadn't 
used her chan form since.
	"What do you want?"  Ryoko asked her, annoyed.
	Washu shook her head.  "I guess I should expect something 
like that.  I just came up here to see what was taking you so 
long.  Sasami's getting upset.  You'd better get down there, or 
she'll send Shadow up here to drag you back, next."
	Ryoko grinned.  "Yea, yea.  Tell her we'll be down in a 
second."
	Washu nodded.  "Good enough."  She walked over to the ladder, 
and started to climb down.
	"Little Washu?"  She stopped and looked back at Tenchi.  She 
shook her head, "No, Tenchi.  Just Washu."  She climbed down, and 
went downstairs to eat dinner.
	Ryoko's voice echoed in her head.  "Washu... thanks."
	"For what?"
	"Don't make me say it.  Just accept it."
	"Fine.  I can do that."



Author's Notes:  So, it finally ends.  Sort of.  Ihope you enjoyed 
this one, as usual.  For anyone who's scratching their head, don't 
worry.  The epilogue will finish off this series, and answer 
questions left open.  Again, hoped you liked the final 
confrontation with Tokimi.  The usual complaint department is at 
killersuid@ticnet.com.


  	 
