Disclaimer:  I do not own any of the characters of Tenchi Muyo!  They are owned 
by AIC and Pioneer North America.  I did not create them, and their use here is 
strictly for the enjoyment of myself and anyone who gets bored enough to read 
this.  In other words:  Please don't sue my poor ass.    

Tenchi Muyo!
From the Blood of the Gods-- Part 1: Shadowcaller (or "No Need for Apologies")
by the Loneshark

	Washu got up out of her bed and stretched.  These summer nights were 
uncommonly hot, and she was having difficulty sleeping.  She sleepily walked out 
of her lab, and into the kitchen of the Masaki house.  "Maybe some tea will 
help," she mumbled.  Little Washu had been having trouble sleeping for the past 
week.  At first, she hadn't worried over it, but now it was beginning to bother 
her.  She chuckled as she made herself a cup of tea.  "The greastest genuis 
scientist in the universe worried over a little sleep loss?  You must be getting 
soft , Washu."
She sat down on a couch in the living room, sipping her tea.  Her holographic 
keyboard appeared in front of her, and she began typing with one hand.  She 
placed the cup of tea on the table, and started focusing on her work.  After a 
few seconds of work, Washu stopped, and smacked herself in the head.  "Dope!" 
she muttered.  "This is just going to keep me awake."
She stood, and walked up the stairs to Mayuka's room.  It was attached to the 
room that Ayeka, Sasami, Kiyone and Mihoshi shared, forcing Washu to be extra 
quiet.  "Yea, right!  What am I thinking?"  she thought.  "It would take a 
typhoon to wake up any of those girls."  She slid into Mayuka's room, and 
quietly tip-toed over to her crip.  At the bottom of the crib lay a sleeping 
little babe, only a year old.  Washu smiled as she whatched the infant sleep.  
"How can anyone be so peaceful?" she wondered silently.  It calmed her to see 
Mayuka, her little blue haired head tilting a little, as if deep in dream.
Washu smiled, and silently went back down stairs and sat on the couch.  She 
sighed, and leaned her head back, staring up at the cieling.  Bright moonlight 
came in through the windows, filling the rafters of the house with deep shadows.  
Washu looked into the shadows' depths, deeper, and deeper, and deeper, until her 
eyes began to shut...
The sudden, urgent beeping of her computer jolted Washu awake.  She yelled out, 
and looked at the holographic screen.  "What's this?"  She typed on the 
keyboard.  "Abnormal transmission energy readings.  Emenating from...," Washu 
gasped, and leaped from the couch.  She ran out the sliding glass doors, onto 
the deck stretching out over the lake.  At the far end of the deck was Sasami in 
her nightgown.  She hovered above the water, her eyes staring up at the stars.
	"Sasami!"  Washu started running down the deck.  She reached the young 
girl, and pulled her onto the deck.  "Sasami!"  Wahsu cried out as she looked at 
the young girl.  Sasami's eyes were jet black, relfecting onlty the pinpoints of 
light in the sky above them.  Washu shook her.  "Sasami?  Come on, Sasami, snap 
out of it!"
	Sasami blinked, and her eyes returned to normal.  Sasami looked up at 
Washu.  "Oh, Miss Washu!  What are you doing...?"  Sasami began to look around.  
"Why are we... am I...,"  her gaze came back to Washu, tears filling her big 
pink eyes.  "Miss Washu, what's going on?"  She began to cry, and buried her 
face in Washu's shoulder.  A cool wind blew passed them.  The wind wasn't that 
cold, but Washu still shivered.
	"Sasami?"  The young girl's crying had died down to a sniffle.  She looked 
at Washu.  "Are you okay, now?"  She nodded.  "Sasami, let's not tell anyone 
about this until we figure it out, okay?"  Sasami hesitated a moment, than 
nodded.  Washu smiled, and Sasami couldn't help but to smile with her.  "Come 
on,"  the diminutive scientist said.  "Let's go get some sleep."  As they walked 
back inside the house, Washu thought she heard something, something in the 
breeze, but decided to ignore it for the moment.
	After she made sure Sasami had gone to bed and fallen asleep, Washu sat 
back down on the couch, staring at her computer.  She picked up her tea, and 
took a sip.  It was cold.  Washu sighed, and loked at her tea.  "Well, so much 
for sleep."

***

Tenchi Masaki hefted the laundary basket onto his shoulder, and began to carry 
it from the garage to the side of the house, where Ayeka was hanging it to dry.  
Normally Sasami would be helping with the laundary, but after breakfast she had 
announced that she wasn't feeling well, and Washu volunteered to take care of 
her.  Now that he thought about it, Tenchi hoped Washu wasn't planning on 
conducting some sort of research experiment on Sasami.  Tenchi gave a mental 
shiver.  Washu was taking care of Sasami, and Mihoshi was watching Mayuka.  
Both, in his mind, were very scary situations.
	Tenchi sat the basket of laundary down at Ayeka's feet.  "Oh, thank you, 
Tenchi,"  Aeyka siad, cheerfully.
	Tenchi smiled, "Sure, no problem.  I'll just get the rest."  As he turned 
and walked back towards the garage, Tenchi saw someone standing in the corner of 
the house, in the cool shadows cast by the morning sun.  It was a young man, but 
Tenchi couldn't tell his age.  His skin was ghost white, and he wore some type 
of black uniform.  He scanned Tenchi with slim red eyes, and his dark brown hair 
was part down the middle in front, and the back left to grow and tied back 
behind him.  The man's most distinguishing feature, however, was a red, diamond 
shaped gem in his forehead.
	This wasn't the first time a stranger appeared at the Masaki household, 
and Tenchi scratched the back of his head nervously.  "Oh, uh, hi there.  Can I, 
uh, help you?"
	The young man's thin lips spread into a smile, and he blinked his red 
eyes,and shook his head.  Then, he melted into the shadows, and disappeared.
	"Tenchi, did you say something?"  He turned to Ayeka, stammering, but 
nothing coherent could be made out.  Then he collapsed to the ground, holding 
his head in his hands.  "Lord Tenchi!  Are you all right?"  Ayeka cried out, and 
ran over to the dazed and confused Tenchi.

***

	"You say he what?!"  Kiyone was the first to cry out in suprise.  They all 
sat around the table, eating lunch cooked by Kiyone.  All, that is, with the 
exception of Washu and Sasami.  
	"Like I said, he just sort of... melted into the shadows,"  Tenchi 
repeated.  He had told the brief story of his encounter at lunch, when he knew 
everyone would be present.  But the person he needed to talk to most about this, 
Washu, wasn't present.  Lord Katsuhito sipped his tea, and sat in thought.  
Tenchi looked at him.  "Do you know anything about this, Grandpa?"
	Lord Katsuhito shook his head, and then stood.  "Nothing definate, yet.  
I'll go back to the shrine, now.  Call me for dinner."  Tenchi's grandfather 
left in his usual curt manner.
	Tenchi sat down and rested his head in his hands.  Ryoko put a hand on 
Tenchi's shoulder.  "Hey, relax."  He looked up at her.  She smiled slyly.  "If 
there's someone out there to cause us trouble again, we'll hunt him down, 
Tenchi.  I promise."
	Despite her brashness, Tenchi smiled at Ryoko's assurance.  "Thanks."
	"We may be able to check Yagami's computer for any bounties and criminal 
activity in the area.  What do you think, Mihoshi?"  Kiyone checked herself, 
realizing what she had just done.  She had asked Mihoshi what she thought!
	Mihoshi giggled, playing with Mayuka and oblivious to the entire 
conversation from its beginning.  "That's it, come to Aunt Mihoshi,"  she 
giggled.  The young Mayuka waddled over to the blond GP officer, giggling with 
the joy of youth.  Mihoshi giggled with the joy of ignorance.  "Did you say 
something, Kiyone?"  she asked without turning around.
	Kiyone sighed.  "Nevermind."

***

	Washu sat silently at her computer, typing in commands and checking 
readings.  Sasami sat on a metal table that hovered a few feet away.  Ryo-ohki 
sat in the girl's lap, purring contently.  After a few seconds, Sasami finally 
spoke.  "Miss Washu?  Will you please tell me what happened last night?"
	Washu turned and faced her.  "I... I don't think I understand it, fully."  
Sasami held in a gasp.  She never thought she would hear Washu admit such a 
thing.  "You were giving off energy transmission of a type I have only seen 
displayed by advanced and powerful starships.  But, at the same time, it was not 
coming from you."
	"What do you mean?"	
	"The transmissions were coming from Tsunami.  She was trying to contact 
someone, but I don't know why."  Washu eyed Sasami, trying to guage her 
reaction.
	Sasami hung her head, and stroked Ryo-ohki, who gave a meow of pleasure.  
"Niether do I."  Before Washu could ask the question, Sasami answered.  "I'll 
try and let you talk with Tsunami."
	Washu smiled.  "Thank you, Sasami."
	Sasami closed her eyes, and concentrated.  Soon, she had fallen into a 
sleep-like trance, and a blue aura surrounded her.  The aura began to move, 
independantly, as if the apparition possessed a life of it's own.  It moved 
midway between Washu and Sasami, and then stopped, taking a shape.
	Tsunami materialized, her gentle face looking down at Washu.  "Hello, 
Washu.  You wished to see me?"
	Washu wasted no time in getting to the point.  "You were trying to contact 
someone, or something, and you used Sasami's body as a living transmitter.  
Why?"
	Tsunami frowned.  "I apologize for frightening you and Sasami.  I assure 
you, that no harm has been done to her."
	"I know that.  I checked."  Washu's patience was becoming strained.  "You 
scared her.  I know it's not like you to use people in such a manner, Tsunami.  
But dammit, I don't understand what you are doing!"
	Tsunami remained calm, and bowed her head slightly.  "Forgive me, Washu, 
that I cannot explain everything to you.  Please know that all will become 
apparent in time.  
	"I have summoned a Guardian, for Sasami and I."
	Washu furrowed her brow.  "You mean a Guardian of Jurai?"
	"No.  One of those who was chosen to protect.  Again, I am sorry I can not 
tell you more.  You will know all when the time is right."  With that, the image 
of Tsunami dissipated, and the blue aura retracted into Sasami.
	Washu  sat, thinking.  She hated cryptic answers, but she hated a mystery 
even more.  Tsunami had been honest with them in the past.  What was she hiding 
now?  Why?  Washu's mind raced with possibilities.  None of them seemed very 
optomistic to her.
	Sasami blinked, and came out of her trance.  "What did you find out?"  She 
asked Washu, her voice hopeful.
	Washu smiled, despite her mood, and said, "It looks like we're going to 
get another house guest."

***

	The bounty hunter whatched the house from his perch in the tree.  It was 
cool in the shade of it's leaves, although he did not mind the sun.  Where there 
was light, there was also shadow, his home.  His element.  He was perfectly 
comfortable with the bright sun of this planet, but did it have to be so damn 
hot?
	The small communicator badge on his shoulder beeped, and the familiar 
voice of his partner, who sat in their ship orbiting the planet Earth, crackled 
and spoke.  "Well, Shadow Dog?  Having fun yet?"
	He smiled, and nodded.  "Yes.  Is that really so bad, Bryant?"
	"I hate it when you play with the target.  Contacting him before you hit 
could jeapordize the mission."
	"You don't have any faith in me, do you?"  Shadow Dog frowned, and looked 
pitifully at the communicator badge, as if it was his partner in the flesh.
	Bryant groaned.  "I just hate it when you play the stalking game.  You 
know that.  'Sides, we're getting paid on a deadline, here.  If you screw this 
one up, it'll be both our heads."
	Shadow Dog chuckled at his partner's cynicism.  "No faith.  I've never let 
you down before, have I?"
	"No, Shadow, you haven't.  I just don't want there to ever be a first.  
It'll be the last for both of us, got it?"
	"Yea, I got it."
	There was a moment of silence before the bounty hunter heard from his 
partner again.  "Shadow, why did you volunteer us for this mission?"
	Shadow Dog raised an eyebrow.  "What?  You mean you aren't interested in 
the money that we'll get for this?"
	He heard his partner laugh, almost choking.  "That was a joke, right?  
Seriously, you chose this mission for a reason.  Why?  You're not keeping 
anything from me again, are you?"
	Shadow Dog frowned.  Of course he was keeping something from him.  How 
could he ever explain it to a human?  Especially a cynical, crude, dirty, old 
bounty hunter?  "Let's just say... I felt a calling to take this mission."
	"Feh.  Just like that calling you got at that bar with the blond?  The one 
you ended up dating for a full six months?   What was her name again?  Mih-"
	"Do not bring her up again, please.  I've had enough nightmares about how 
she destroyed our last ship.  How was I supposed to know she was a cop, anyhow?
	"Just a reminder to not trust your instincts so much.  Try going with your 
head for once.  Check in later.  Bryant out."
	" Shadow Dog out."  He reached up and hit the badge, turning it off.  He 
would move tonight.  It would be easy to hide here until then.  And then the 
young man, the target of the bounty put out by the Emporer of Jurai himself, 
would be trapped in shadows.

***

	The rest of the day had gone on as normally, with Sasami emerging from 
Washu's lab as cheerful as ever and ready to get an early start on dinner.  She 
had said that it was going to be extra special tonight.  When Ryoko asked Washu 
what she meant, the genius scientist only smiled and hurridly slunk back into 
her lab under the stairs.
	Ryoko sat on the roof, whatching the sun set.  There was a feeling in the 
pit of her stomach.  A simple intuition that told her there would be trouble 
before they all were asleep tonight.  Something that might hurt Tenchi.  
	Ryoko gritted her teeth at the thought.  They had all been thorugh so much 
and each time Tenchi had pulled through and saved them all.  Hell, Kagato trying 
to blow him up didn't stop him.  He was even able to hold his own for a while 
against Kain, and easily defeated Yazuha.  Still, Ryoko worried about him.
	"What the hell are you doing?"  she asked herself.  "Your making yourself 
worry for no reason," she told herself.  
	"Then why are you talking to yourself?"
	Ryoko gasped, and turned around to see Tenchi standing on a ladder, his 
arms folded over one another and resting on the top rung.  He smiled at her, and 
climbed up onto the roof.
	"Tenchi!  You little...," Ryoko tried to be angry, but found herself 
unable to.  She laughed.  Tenchi sat down next to her.
	"You're worrying again, Ryoko.  Just like that night, about a year ago, 
when Mayuka first came to us.  I've never seen you like that since, except for 
when we fought Kagato."
	Ryoko shook her head.  "Yea, and you talk too much, sometimes."  Tenchi 
smiled.  Ryoko placed her head on his shoulder, and breathed in the dusk air, 
letting the moment etch itself into her memory before she spoke again.  Too many 
times she had dreamed of this, or something like it.  Just her and Tenchi, 
enjoying the act of living.
	"Tenchi?"
	"Hm?"  Tenchi looked down at Ryoko as she looked up at him, with her 
large, yellow eyes.
	"I'm sorry I tease you sometimes.  I know I come off as a little..."
	"Preadatory?"
	"Yea, I guess.  I just couldn't stand that thought of... if you ever..."
	"Come on Ryoko, cut it out."  Ryoko was taken aback for a second.  What 
was he doing?  Just when she was being serious and trying to tell him something, 
he was... "You don't have to apologize for anything, you know that."
	"What do you mean?"  Ryoko sat up.  Tenchi's smile didn't fade, a sight 
that almost made Ryoko's heart melt at that moment.
	"Just that.  You don't have to apologize to me for anything."
	Ryoko leapt at Tenchi, and wrapped him in her arms.  
	Tenchi felt his balance begin to slip.  "Hey! Ryoko!  What-!"
	Ryoko cried out with joy, Tenchi with fear as they slipped off the roof 
and fell towards the ground.  Tenchi suddenly felt his stomach churn as the 
ground came racing toward them, and almost as quickly away as Ryoko pulled him 
up into the sky.  They went high, until they were far above the lake.  
	Tenchi gripped Ryoko in fear, his arms wrapped around her so tightly that 
if she were human, he would have hurt her.  Ryoko didn't mind, and enjoyed the 
feeling of Tenchi's body so close to hers.  
	"Enjoying the view, or the pilot?"  Ryoko asked, her voice carrying with 
it as many implications as are permissible in name of good taste.  Tenchi 
blushed, and avoided looking down, keeping his eyes on Ryoko's feline gin.
	"Ryoko, it's almost dinner time.  Would you please put us down!"  Ryoko 
looked at Tenchi, and the look of pleasure on her face was making him unsure as 
to whether or not she heard him.  "Ryoko?  Ryoko?"
	Ryoko sighed lazily, and held Tenchi tightly, just to savor it.  "All 
right."
	Instantly, they were teleported to the deck that stretched out over the 
lake.  Tenchi tried to let go of Ryoko, but she held him too tightly.
	"Ah hem!  What do you think you are doing?"  Ryoko opened one eye to see 
Aeyka standing in the doorway.  "Get your demon claws off of Lord Tenchi right 
now!"
	Ryoko dropped Tenchi, her mind now focused on her old rival.  "Or what?"  
She growled.
	"Aeyka, Ryoko, can we please just eat?"  Tenchi yelled.  Both of the girls 
turned and looked at Tenchi.  He had yelled, so loudly that he had exhausted a 
full breath.  Ryoko and Ayeka looked at each other, then at Tenchi, and walked 
back in to the house.
	Tenchi breathed a sigh of relief.  "Well, at least that was avoided."  He 
looked down, and considered just collapsing on the deck from exhaustion, but 
decided not to trouble Sasami with having to drag him inside, and followed the 
two girls who constantly fought over him.

***

	Inside, Sasami was busy putting the last of the food on the table.  Tenchi 
sat down between Mihoshi and Washu, who was holding Mayuka.  Tenchi looked down 
at his daughter.  It was hard to believe that it had been almost a year since 
she first appeared to them.  It was even harder to believe that this child was 
ever the servant of a demon, or capable of the things she had once done.
	"Where's Grandpa?"  Sasami asked, inturrupting Tenchi's thoughts.  Tenchi 
scanned the table.  Sasami was right; everyone was here except for Grandpa.
	"He's probably still at the shrine," Tenchi said.  He stood.  "I'll go get 
him."
	"Hurry back," Sasami called after him.  "It'll get cold."
	Tenchi stepped out into the summer twilight, taking in a deep breath of 
air.  It was good to feel the clean mountain air in his lungs, to taste the 
scents on the wind.  He worked outside in the fields everyday, but somehow, at 
night, it seemed different.  Everything had a mysterious, deeper quality to it.  
The night shadows stretched out before him, the possiblities held within their 
shroud seemingly endless and unfathomable.
	He shook off an involuntary chill.  He was beginning to creep himself out.  
"Better change the subject," he thought.  His thoughts carried him back to just 
a few minutes ago, when he was sitting on the roof with Ryoko.  That moment had 
been so peaceful, for once.  Even after Ryoko lifted them into the air, he had 
enjoyed it.  Was it because of the peace?  He wondered.
	"Or is it because of her?"  He asked himself the question.  "Did you enjoy 
just being with her?"
	He walked up the steps, the memories replaying in his mind, when he 
stopped.  He felt something.  A presence.  Then, the pale young man Tenchi had 
seen earlier in the day rose up from the stone of the steps.  Tenchi noticed 
that it wasn't the stone itself the young man rose out of, but the shadows of 
the trees.  The bizare red gem in his forehead glowed in the little remaining 
sunlight, and he looked at Tenchi.  He made no motion.  Only his red eyes moved 
as they looked down on Tenchi, looking him over.  Finally, he spoke.
	"I wonder."
	"Wha... what?"  Tenchi backed up a step.  
	"Why would they want you?  You seem so unassuming."
	"What are you talking about?  Who are you?"  Tenchi tried to sound 
confident, but confusion was seeping into his mind, stiffling his courage.
	The pale young man bowed slightly.  "Tenchi Masaki, there is a bounty for 
your capture.  You are wanted, alive.  Feel fortunate that I've found you."
	Tenchi was starting to get it.  This man was a bounty hunter.  Tenchi 
spread his stance a little bit, preparing for a fight.  The young man made no 
move.  "Why should I feel fortunate?"  He already knew he wouldn't like the 
answer.
	"Because the Shadow Dog has found you.  I always deliver my bounties 
alive."  The young man, Shadow Dog, smiled.
	Tenchi was right.  He didn't like the answer.  Shadow Dog rushed down the 
steps toward Tenchi.  Tenchi met him, and threw as hard a punch as he could 
muster.  The bounty hunter moved fluidly, ducking under it, and rammed his own 
fist into Tenchi's stomach.  Tenchi felt his balance go, and fell backwards down 
the stairs of the Masaki shrine.  He crashed into one stone edge after another, 
until he finally reached the hard, dirt ground at the bottom.  His vision swam 
for a few seconds, before he finally looked up.  That pale face with the red gem 
in it's forehead stood over him, the smile replaced by a questioning look.
	"Hmm," Shadow Dog thought aloud.  "For the price that has been placed on 
your capture, I would think that you would have been more of a challenge."
	   Suddenly, the bounty hunter was no longer standing over Tenchi.  He had 
been knocked aside as an orange ball of energy hit him from the side.  Tenchi 
rolled onto his right shoulder, because it wasn't hurting as much as the left, 
and saw the familiar form of a cyan-haired demon flying towards him.
	"Tenchi!"  Ryoko shouted.  "No you don't," Ryoko thought.  "You're not 
going to hurt him."  The bounty hunter in the black uniform lay a few meters 
away from Tenchi, where Ryoko's energy blast had thrown him.  Ryoko flew to 
Tenchi's side as he tried to pick himself up off the ground.  "Tenchi!  Are you 
hurt?"
	Tenchi shook his head.  "I'll be fine for now."  Tenchi and Ryoko turned 
their atteention as they heard a moan come from the bounty hunter.  He rose up 
off of the ground, coughing.
	"That hurt.  Could you try killing me next time, instead of wounding me?"
	Energy crackled around Ryoko's hands.  "Gladly, you son of a--"
	"Ryoko!"  Tenchi inturrupted.  "Be careful.  He's a bounty hunter."
	Ryoko flew over to him, hovering a few feet above the ground so that she 
could stare down at him with a hateful sneer on her face.  "What do you want?  
You have five seconds."
	Shadow Dog coughed.  "There is a bounty on the boy.  He is wanted alive."  
He looked at Ryoko, hoping to get the full dramatic effect from his next move.  
"And the Shadow Dog always delivers his bounties alive."  Before Ryoko could 
act, Shadow Dog moved incredibly fast to the nearest shadow, and dissapeared 
into it.
	Ryoko growled.  "Come out, you coward."  Tenchi walked up beside her, and 
put a hand on her shoulder.
	"Who in the world would want me?"  Ryoko turned around, and then wrapped 
her arms around him for the second time that night.
	"Hmm, how sweet."  Ryoko opened her eyes to see the pale-skinned bastard 
standing behind Tenchi.  Ryoko let Tenchi go, and a glowing ball of energy 
appeared in her hand.  She closed her hand into a fist, and the ball became a 
glowing sword.  As she advacned toward Shadow Dog, he moved aside, dodging her 
sword as it flew over his head.  Ryoko turned around for another attack, but 
Shadow Dog acted first.
	His body became wrapped in coils of black fire.  As quickly as it 
appeared, it was gone, and the bounty hunter was replaced with a large, pure 
black dog, it's body giving off the same black fire that had encased it.  The 
large red gem was still in it's forehead, glowng brightly as the beast growled 
at Ryoko.
	The space pirate took a moment to change her stratey to compensate for the 
change in hieght, and kept on coming.  The hound leapt at her, throwing the 
whole of it's body wieght into her.  Ryoko felt herself fall to the ground, and 
grunted in pain as the beast landed on top her her, it's forepaws pinning her 
arms to the ground.  Even though the beast's body was pure black, wthout mark or 
highlight, Ryoko could see now the it's teeth were blindingly white.  The aura 
of flames roiling off of and emenating from it's body grew larger as the beast 
growled at her.
	"Ryoko!"  She turned her head to see Tenchi, the sword that shared his 
name in his hand, charging.  The now literal Shadow Dog leapt off his demon 
opponent to face the boy.  Tenchi swung his sword as the beast swiped a clawed 
paw at him, striking the beast's leg.  It yellped in pain, and jumped back, now 
trying to dodge the boy's attacks.  When he reached Ryoko, Tenchi stopped 
attacking, and held his ground between the woman and the dog.  Ryoko stood, and 
her own sword appeared in her hand.
	"Freeze!"  The shout came from behind Shadow Dog.  He turned around to see 
Galaxy Police Detective First Class Kiyone pointing a laser pistol at him.  
Shadow Dog growled.  It looked like he wasn't going to deliver this time.  No 
wonder the boy had such a high bounty on him.
	The flaming beast disappeared in another small colomn of flames, and was 
replaced by the pale young man with the red jewel in his forehead.  He was one 
one knee on the ground, his head hung low. 
	"Put your arms up first, slowly," Kiyone commanded.  Shadow Dog followed 
her orders, not wanting to feel what it was like to have a blast of energy go 
through his body today.  "Now stand up."  He did so, and faced Kiyone.  Tenchi 
and Ryoko slwoly joined her at her side, their blades deactivated.
	"Now, would you please state who you are and what you are doing here?  I 
need to know who to charge with what."
	Shadow Dog smiled.  This was just too damn ironic for him.  "I am the 
bounty hunter Shadow Dog.  Member of the Hunter's Guild.  That young man there, 
Tenchi Masaki, has a bounty on him.  He is wanted alive."
	"By who!  Tell us!"  Ryoko could barely contain her rage.  
	He hated when they asked that question.  "I'm sorry, but I can't say."  
Ryoko growled.
	She flew over to him and grabbed him by the collar of his uniform.  "You'd 
better tell us, or..."  Her energy blady flashed to life in her hands.  Shadow 
Dog's eyes went to the blade, then back to the angry demoness in front of him.  
	"Ryoko," Tenchi said, "Let him go.  Please."  Ryoko looked back at him 
with a look of disbelief and shock on her face, and then did as he asked.  She 
floated back over beside Tenchi and glared angrily at the bounty hunter, folding 
her arms across her chest.
	"Let's have proof of this bounty," Kiyone continued, "Or you'll be facing 
criminal charges."
	Shadow Dog sighed, and slowly reached into his pocket.  Everyone held 
their breath until he produced a small cylinder from it.  He tossed it to 
Kiyone, who caught it with one hand.  She pressed a small red button on the 
bottom of the cylinder, and a small piece of paper shot out.  Tenchi barely 
caught it, and unrolled it.
	Kiyone examined the strange writing, which Tenchi couldn't even identify 
as writing, and nodded to him and Ryoko.  "He's telling the truth."  She placed 
her pistol back in the holster at her hip.  Shadow Dog put his arms down, and 
scratched the side of his head.
	"What are you doing?" Ryoko yelled.  "You're letting him go?"
	Kiyone frowned.  "It's under contract.  There's nothing I can do, 
legally."  She turned to Tenchi.  "I'm sorry."
	Tenchi nodded.  "It's not your fault."
	Ryoko turned to the bounty hunter.  "Well, you're not taking Tenchi, you 
hear me?  You'll have to kill me first."
	"I seriously don't think that will be necassary," Shadow Dog answered, the 
same quriously  confident smile returning to his face.  
	Ryoko blinked.  "Huh?  What do you mean?"
	"You've beaten me.  I am no longer under contract to capture Tenchi 
Masaki.  And besides," he shrugged, "I don't work without a valid contract."
	Tenchi walked up to him, and handed him the piece of paper and the 
cylinder.  "Um, here."
	Shadow Dog took them from Tenchi's hand, and they were immediatly burned 
up in a small black flame.  "Thank you."
	"Um... sure.  No problem."  Tenchi looked nervously at the spot on Shadow 
Dog's right palm where the cylinder and paper had just burned up.  Shadow Dog 
took Tenchi's hand, which made him jump.
	"I don't belive we have been propberly introduced, since I was trying to 
kidnap you back there.  My name is Shadow Dog."
	"Oh, uh, I'm Tenchi Masaki."  Tenchi shook his hand, and pointed to Ryoko 
and Kiyone.  "This is Ryoko and Detective Kiyone."  Ryoko growled, and Kiyone 
bowed.  She walked up to Shadow, standing beside Tenchi.
	"It's nice to meet you, Shadow Dog (I guess)."  Shadow cocked an eyebrow.  
"A Galaxy Police officer in the Sol system?  What did you do to deserve this?"
	Kiyone groaned.  "Don't remind me of my partner, please?"
	Shadow Dog's ears rose in suprise to the answer, and decided to push it 
aside for now.  He looked past Tenchi and Kiyone to Ryoko, who was still staring 
at him with hate and distrust on her face.  "So, you are the great space pirate 
Ryoko?"
	"Yea, what about it?  You wanna collect the bounty on me, too?"
	Shadow Dog took a step back, and frowned.  "I'm hurt that you would 
mistake me for some common bounty hunter with no honor."
	"Then just what the hell are you?"
	"A Hunter.  Not some second rate bloodhound."  There was an uncomfortable 
moment of silence before Shadow Dog spoke again.  "You're fighting ability is 
very impressive, Ryoko.  Every bit as good as I've heard."
	Ryoko's hate didn't lessen.  "Don't tell me what you've heard.  I was 
there."
	"Ryoko?  Tenchi?  Kiyone?"  The familiar voice of  Sasami rang out from 
the distance.  The blue-haired girl came running over from the house.  "What's 
going on?  We heard fighting, and Kiyone didn't come back.  Dinner's getting 
cold, and Washu and Mihoshi are eating it all!"
	Kiyone made a face of disgust.  "That ditz is stuffing her face again!"  
She stormed off towards the house.  "She'd better not be eating my dinner.  Not 
again!"
	Kiyone passed Sasami, images of Mihoshi shoving piles of food into her 
mouth floating in her head.  Sasami looked at Ryoko first, then Tenchi.  "Oh no!  
What happened!  Did you two get in a fight."
	"Yea,"  Ryoko answered with anger in her voice.  "With him."  She pointed 
at the man standing next to Tenchi.
	"Oh, hi there."  Sasami said cheerfully, and out of habit.  The red gem on 
Shadow Dog's forehead began to glow, as did the two triangles on Sasmi's.  They 
stared at each other, oblivious to the two onlookers.  Ryoko went and stood 
beside Tenchi, both of them trying to figure out what was going on. 
	"Sasami?  Sasami!"  Tenchi called, but she ignored him.  
	"It's you,"  Shadow Dog finally said.  He walked up to Sasami, and kneeled 
in front of her.  "You are the one who called me here, Tsunami."
	Sasami smiled.  "You're the Guardian Tsunami called for us!"  Both Ryoko 
and Tenchi stared, confused and stunned.
	Shadow Dog looked up into Sasmi's big red eyes.  "Tsunami is inside you, 
yes?"
	Sasami nodded.  "Yes, she's here.  She's happy you came.  So am I!"  The 
marking on their foreheads stopped glowing, and Shadow stood up.  They continued 
to look at each other, smiling.  Sasami grabbed Shadow's hand.  "Come on, I have 
dinner waiting!  I even made some extra, because I new you were coming."
	As Sasami dragged the bounty hunter away, Ryoko looked to Tenchi.  "Um, 
did I miss something?"  Tenchi nodded.
	"I think we all did."

***

	In his private chamber in the Masaki shrine, Lord Katsuhito, also called 
Yosho in another time, quietly sipped his tea, and pondered the situation.  So, 
Tsunami had finally summoned a Guardian.  Yosho had heard those legend, when he 
was younger, so many lifetimes ago, but wasn't sure that they were true until 
now.  Even now, he could feel the presence of the newcomer.
	He was stong indeed.  Not anywhere near as strong as the power Katsuhito 
could feel in Tenchi, but powerful nonetheless.  If Tsunami had summoned such a 
being, then their time of need would be soon at hand.  Yosho frowned.
	Such fearful events awaited all of them, soon, and he could do nothing but 
wait.  He took another sip of tea.  "Maybe I should ask him to train with Tenchi 
and I?"  Then, he looked out the window, up at the fresh evening sky.  Such 
calm.  Only to be shattered again.  It seemed too senseless.
	"Grandpa!  Hey, Grandpa!  It's dinnertime!"  Tenchi's voice, comming from 
outside.  Lord Katsuhito groaned uneccasarily as he got up.  He of all people 
knew that he wasn't suffering from the effects of aging, but it was good to keep 
up the illusion, at least for now.  It would give Nobuyuki a heart attack to 
know that his own father-in-law looked younger than him.  
	"Yes, Tenchi, I'm coming."  Before he opened the door of his office to 
step out, Yosho thought of how much longer he would be able to keep up the 
illusion of his appearance.  Even more importantly, he wondered if Tenchi could 
ever be ready in time.

***

	"So this is it,"  he thought to himself.  "This is why I was called here."  
Shadow Dog looked down at the young girl with blue hair parted into two 
rediculously long pigtails.  The godess within this precious young jewel had 
called him to protect them both.  But why?  From what?
	They sat on the deck of the Masaki household, waiting for Tenchi to return 
with his Granfather before going inside and delivering the news to everyone.  
Sasami knew they wouldn't refuse what she was going to ask.  After she and Washu 
explained it, they would have to agree.  "Besides," Sasami thought, privatly, 
"he's nice."
	Ryoko hovered over the bounty hunter, feeling her energies, waiting to 
release them at the second he tried something she didn't like.  There was no way 
in hell she would let him take Tenchi.  No way in hell.
	"Are you going to whatch me all night, Ryoko?"  She was taken suprise by 
the question.  Shadow Dog tilted his head back, and looked up at her.  "I'm not 
after your Tenchi.  I never was."
	"What are talking about?  You're a bounty hunter.  And you frightened 
Tenchi earlier this morning.  How the hell can you say that?"  As she spoke, 
Ryoko's voice began to rise in anger.
	"Please Ryoko, listen,"  Sasami pleaded with her.  Ryoko looked at Sasami, 
then at the bounty hunter, then back to Sasami.  She sat down on the deck, 
finally, and frowned at him."I don't believe you.  But for her sake, I'll 
listen."  "And if he does anything to hurt Tenchi," thought Ryoko, "I'll kill 
him."
	Shadow Dog stood, and faced her, his face blank.  "I didn't take this 
mission for money.  I took it because I was called."
	Ryoko looked confused.  "What the hell do you mean 'called?'"
	Shadow Dog sighed.  "I... I can't fully explain it, at least not yet.  I'd 
also like to explain it with everyone present."  He sat back down.  "I'm sorry.  
I don't even understand it myself."
	The space pirate looked at him, now unsure of her prior convictions.  It 
only made her angrier to be so confused.  "What are you talking about?"  She 
yelled.  Shadow Dog remain unmoved, but Sasami flinched at her outburst.  Ryoko 
hung her head.  "I'm... sorry.  Sorry, Sasami."
	"It's okay, Ryoko.  I understand."  Ryoko couldn't help but smile at the 
girl's words.
	"So, are you kids having fun?"  Katsuhito joked as he and Tenchi walked 
up.  Shadow Dog stood, eyeing the old man, and Yosho eyeing him.  "Hmm, so you 
are the one Tsunami has chosen."
	Shadow nodded.  "Yes, I believe I am."  He held out his hand.  "I am 
Shadow Dog.  It is good to meet you, Lord Katsuhito.  Sasami has told me about 
you."  Yosho took his hand, and shook it.
	"It is also a pleasure to meet you.  Tenchi told me what happened."  Lord 
Katsuhito's voice became serious.  "I hope that they didn't hurt you too badly.  
I know defeat is more painful than a dozen wounds."
	"No, they didn't," Shadow shook his head.  "I have little problem with 
losing, as it doesn't happen often."
	Lord Katsuhito laughed.  "Yes, you'll do fine in protecting Sasami.  Well, 
come on in.  Sasami's an excellent cook, and I'm sure you muST be hungry."
	"I made extra becuase I knew you were coming," Sasami chimed.  She led 
Yosho and Shadow Dog into the house.  Tenchi began to follow until Ryoko grabbed 
his arm, stopping him.
	"Huh?  Ryoko...," Tenchi noticed the look on her face.  It dead serious.  
"What is it, Ryoko?"
	"Tenchi... I can't trust him.  I've been hunted by too many of his kind, 
and now they want you."  Ryoko's hands involuntarily flexed, trying to ball up 
into fists.  "I... I can't let him take...,"
	"Ryoko,"  Tenchi placed a hand on her shoulder.  His touch helped to calm 
her, somehow.  "I'm telling you right now, I'm not going anywhere.  No one can 
take me away from any of you, I promise that."
	Ryoko took a long, deep breath, and then nodded.  "Good," Tenchi said.  
"Now, come on.  I'm starving."  They followed the others inside.

***

	"Hey, everyone!"  Sasami cried out as she walked into the living room with 
Katsuhito and Shadow Dog behind her.  "I have someone I want you all to meet!"
	Everyone looked up, and shock quickly covered their faces as they saw the 
strange, pale man standing next to Katsuhito.  Sasami pointed at him.  "This is 
Shadow Dog."
	He bowed as the young girl introduced him, and looked at the gathering 
around the table.  Officer Kiyone was seated next to a small woman who's red 
hair seemed larger than her with a baby cradled in her arms, and next to her was 
a man who must've been Tenchi's father, since he looked so much like him.  Next 
to him was a young woman with purple hair that was tied back into two long tails 
like Sasami's.  He recognized her image as that of Princess Ayeka of Planet 
Jurai.  All of them smiled, and Shadow Dog smiled back, until he noticed the 
last person.  She was a tanned, blue-eyed blond girl that Shadow Dog had seen in 
too many bad dreams.  
	His face became colored in confusion and fear.  "M... Mi... Mihoshi?  
Mihoshi!"  Tenchi and Ryoko walked in to see Shadow's outburst of terror.  "No!  
It... it can't be!  What are you doing here?"
	Mihoshi blinked, and then clasped her hands together.  "Shadow!"  She 
jumped up and ran to him, her arms wide open.
	"You two know each other?"  Tenchi asked.
	Mihoshi collided into Shadow Dog, knocking them both to the floor.  He had 
been frozen in fear, unable to move.  Now she was laying on top of him, hugging 
him and rubbing her face into his chest.  The feeling was familiar to him.  
Tears of despiration started to fall down his face, and even the jewel in his 
forehead was crying.  "Please... ge... get her... get her off of me!"
	Ryoko's opinion of the bounty hunter was starting to undergo a sudden 
change.  "Well, if he's got enough sense to be afriad of Mihoshi," she thought 
to herself, "I  guess he can't be that bad."
	Kiyone and Ryoko pryed the blond bimbo off of him, and held her down at 
her place at the table.  It took Shadow a couple of seconds to recover from the 
shock and get up.  "Perhaps we should sit down," Tenchi suggested.  He sat down 
next to his father, and Shadow Dog sat next to Sasami and Katsuhito, opposite 
the object of his fear, Galaxy Police Detective First Class Mihoshi.
	"Shadow, this is Nobuyuki, Tenchi's father,"  Sasami pointed at the man 
who looked like Tenchi, who waved.  Shadow bowed his head.  "That's Washu, the 
greatest scientific genius in all the universe."  The red-haired woman holding 
the baby smiled, and Shadow bowed his head to her.  "This is my sister, Ayeka."  
Ayeka bowed to Shadow, returning his form of greeting.  "but, how do you know 
Mihoshi?"
	A lump formed in Shadow's throat.  "We... uh... well...,"
	"We used to date,"  Mihoshi said cheerfully.  "He even helped me on some 
cases.  But, I thought you were killed in the fight with Ingeni, the other 
bounty hunter?"
	Everyone stared wide-eyed at Shadow Dog and Mihoshi.  No one's eyes held 
more disbelief, though, than Ryoko, Tenchi, and Kiyone, who had seen the bounty 
hunter in action.  Hell, they whatched him turn into a flaming hound!  Shadow 
Dog coughed, clearing his throat.  "Yes, well... I survived, barely.  After you 
crashed that ship into Ingeni's space station, I was thrown into the vacuum of 
space.  If I were human, I would never had lived as long as I had."
	Mihoshi looked at him, tears welling up in her eyes, and a smile on her 
face.  "Oh, my little black doggie!  I'm so happy to see you!"  Mihoshi leapt 
across the table, and again caught Shadow Dog in her arms.  He yelled out in 
fright, crashing back to the floor with Mihoshi on top of him.  A large bead of 
sweat collectively formed on the heads of everyone present.
	"Mihoshi, please!  Please get off of me!"  Mihoshi blinked, and picked her 
self up off of Shadow.  He sat up, shivering.
	"Mihoshi, I hardly think that such behavior is appropriate for a Galaxy 
Police Detective," Ayeka said, trying to keep civility.  That, and it was 
obvious that this man's former girlfriend terrified him.
	"Oh," Mihoshi blinked, and went back to her seat on the other side of the 
table.
	"Than... thank you, Miss Ayeka,"  Shadow Dog bowed to her, his voice still 
shakey.  
	"Of course, but perhaps you could tell us exactly why you are here?"
	Shadow Dog looked to Sasami, who nodded, and then he took a deep breath.  
"Well, I first came to this planet under contract to collect a bounty, although 
this was not my original purpose.  The bounty placed on Tenchi Masaki was merely 
a good excuse."  He paused as there were several gasps from around the table at 
the news of a bounty on Tenchi.
	"What do you mean there is a bounty on Lord Tenchi?  I demand you explain 
youself!"  Ayeka stood, her fury quickly growing.
	"Lady Ayeka, please...," Tenchi began to pleade.  "He's our guest.  Please 
let him finish."  Ayeka looked to Tenchi, and slowly sat back down.
	"Very well," she said.  "But I hope that this is very good."
	The bounty hunter merely blinked, and continued.  "I'll settle the matter 
now, then.  After Tenchi, Ryoko, and Kiyone defeated me in fair combat, my 
contract became void.  I no longer seek the bounty on Tenchi.  I was free to 
pursue my true purpose for coming here, which made itself known to me when 
Sasami came out to collect her friends."  He looked down at Sasami.  "I felt... 
called.  I don't know if words can truely explain it, but something called to 
me, telling me to come here, to Earth."
	"Tsunami called him,"  Sasami added.  "She said that she was calling a 
Guardian to protect me and her, and then Shadow came.  He's here to help us!"  
Everyone present sat dumbfounded, with the exception of Washu and Katsuhito, who 
quietly ate their dinner.
	Shadow turned to Tenchi.  "I assure you, Tenchi, that I am not here to 
harm anyone.  I only wish to protect Sasami."
	"Protect her from what?"  Ayeka asked.  "Why should Tsunami feel the need 
to call on another person for protection?"
	"I don't know,"  Shadow admitted.  "Like I said to Ryoko, I don't fully 
understand the situation myself.  But, I know that I have to be here.  There is 
a reason for it, and I want to be here to protect Sasami.  I don't expect you to 
believe me, but you must consider what I have said."
	After Shadow finished, there was along moment of silence.  No one took 
their eyes from Sasami and the strange young man who claimed to be her 
protector, and all of their thoughts mulled over his words.
	Sasami was the one to finally break the silence.  "Tenchi, can Shadow stay 
with us, please?  I know he tried to take you away, but he really didn't want 
to.  He only wanted to find out why he was being called here.  Please Tenchi, 
let him stay."
	Tenchi looked around, checking anyone's faces for signs a disapproval.  
Everyone nodded in agreement.
	For the first time, Washu spoke up.  "Until we can find out why Tsunami 
called Shadow Dog here, we really have no choice but to let him stay, do we?  At 
least, for Sasami's sake."
	Tenchi finally looked back to Shadow, and met the bounty hunter's cool 
gaze.  "Well, I guess it's official.  You can stay as long as you like."  Tenchi 
smiled.
	Shadow Dog bowed his head.  "I thank you greatly."
	"Well Tenchi," said Nobuyuki, "It looks like you'll have an extra hand to 
help you with all these girls."  He laughed, and was the only one who found it 
funny.  When he noticed, he stopped laughing and ate his dinner quietly.
	     "Oh, Shadow, I'm so happy you get to stay here," Mihoshi cried.  
Shadow Dog frowned, and felt like crying.  "Tsunami," he thought, "What have you 
gotten me into?"

***

	Later that night, Shadow Dog, the latest addition to the Masaki household, 
stood outside, looking up at the gibbous moon.  He heard a noise behind him, and 
turned to see Tenchi and Ayeka walk out.
	"So, this is where you are!"  Tenchi said.
	Shadow nodded to him.  "I would like to thank you again, for letting me 
stay."
	"Well, if you're here to protect Sasami, you surely mustn't be an evil 
person," Ayeka commented.
	"Thank you.  I will take that as a compliment, I guess."
	Ayeka's eyebrow's furrowed.  "What do you mean by that?"
	"I'm sorry.  It meant nothing."  He had heard stories of the Princesses' 
temper.  It would definantly be best to avoid having it brought down upon him.
	Ryoko materialized next to Tenchi, draping her arms over him.  "So, bounty 
hunter, you promise that you won't harm Tenchi."
	He shook his head.  "I already told you, I never had any intention of 
harming him.  I'm here for Sasami and Tsunami."
	"Well, then, I'm sure it wouldn't hurt if you revealed to us the identity 
of the person who put out the bounty on Lord Tenchi?"  Ayeka asked.
	"I'm sorry, but I cannot.  I am no longer under contract, but I must never 
reveal the names of my employers.  It is unhealthy in my business.  I hope you 
understand?"
	Ayeka frowned.  "Yes, well, I suppose."
	"So," Ryoko said, "You really went out with Mihoshi?  Did you have some 
kind of death wish, or something?"
	"Please don't remind me of her," Shadow Dog frowned at her.  "I feel sorry 
for Kiyone.  I kow how it is to deal with that woman.  I still have nightmares 
about her crashing that ship.  It was headed straight at me.  She nearly 
flatened me with it."
	Ryoko tried with all of her might to stifle a laugh.  "Man, she must've 
been a real terror in the sack, too."
	Shadow Dog ignored her, and looked to the communicator badge on his right 
shoulder.  He pressed it, and the familiar voice of his partner Bryant crackled 
to life.
	"Shadow, where the hell have you been?  You know how long it's been since 
you checked in?  What the hell happened between you and the target?"
	"Bryant, the target's gone.  I couldn't capture him."
	There was a moment of silence as Bryant checked his instruments.  "What 
are talking about?  I've got him right here on my scanners.  He's... he's right 
next to you!"
	Shadow Dog sighed.  It hurt a little to do this.  Bryant had been his 
partner for so long.  "Bryant, listen to me.  The target's gone.  You're sensors 
are off.  He's disappeared, and so have I.  You'll never hear from me or see me 
again.  Ever."
	There was another long moment of silence before Shadow Dog heard his 
partner's voice for the last time.  "It'd better damn well be worth it, Shadow."
	He smiled.  "Trust me, it's worth more than you know.  Shadow Dog out."  
He reached up and pulled the badge off his shirt, and closed his hand around it, 
crushing it.  He opened it back up, and the pieces were incinerated in a black 
flame.  Shadow looked at the three before him, and Ryoko specifically.  
"Statisfied?"
	Ryoko nodded.  "I guess I misjudged you, Shadow Dog.  Welcome to our 
home."
	Tenchi and Ayeka stared at Ryoko in disbelief.  She looked back at them.  
"What?  It's not like I'm apologizing, or anything!"

End Part 1

Author's notes:  And so ends my first attempt at Tenchi fanfic.  I hope you 
enjoyed it.  Now I just have to get working on the next part.  Shadow Dog will 
slowly become a member of the household through out this series, so I hope you 
like him.  Any comments, compliments, flames, discrepintcies, etc.  can be sent 
to killersquid@ticnet.com.  Please, I would appreciate any feedback, as this is 
my first attempt at fanfic.

