Disclaimer:  I do not own any of the characters of Tenchi Muyo!  
They are owned by AIC and Pioneer North America.  I did not create 
them, and their use here is strictly for the enjoyment of myself 
and anyone who gets bored enough to read this.  In other words: 
Please don't sue my poor ass.

Tenchi Muyo!
From the Blood of the Gods-- Epilogue:  5 Years After (or No Need 
for Divinity)
by the Loneshark

Washu Hakubi Personal Journal
Earth Date:  November 27, 2004

	It's been five years.  Five years since that final battle 
with Tokimi.  I can't believe that so much has happened since 
then, much less that it's taken me this long just to be able to 
talk about it.  I'm getting a little ahead of myself.  I guess I 
chould start by recounting what happened immediatly after that 
last fight.
	To make long stories short, Ryoko teleported us back to 
Jurai, where we found Mihoshi and Kiyone tending to Lord Yosho and 
Lord Azusa.  Yosho had managed to cut off his father's hand, 
ending the Emporer's maddness.  We retrieved Sasami, Ayeka, Mayuka 
and Ryo-ohki from the City of Twilight and the Chrysalis.  We're 
still among a very few people to know of that place's existance.  
I would have loved to stay and gather some more data, but Shadow 
Dog's friend Rieko... um... insisted... that I not.  And I thought 
that mutt was pushy.
	The other two servants of Tokimi, Mitsuki and Ito Gasam, were 
turned over to Galaxy Police to stand trail for kidnapping and 
several other charges.  I hear they both got seven hundred years.  
They're still waiting for their trial on Jurai.  I don't think 
either of them will be getting out of jail anytime in this 
millenium.
	Things started to calm down after we got back.  The 
explination left Nobuyuki a tad confused, but I think he's finally 
managed to piece together everything that happened.  He was 
shocked to see his father-in-law actually had the appearance of a 
young man.
	Now for a little longer-term explination.
	Ryoko and Tenchi got married soon after we returned from 
Jurai.  It was a very happy day for me.  I was suprised to see 
Ayeka hang around for the wedding.  I thought it would have been 
to hard for her, but... I was wrong.  After twenty thousand years, 
I'm still capable of underestimating people.  Ryoko's raised 
Mayuka like she was her own daughter, with some help from yours 
truly, of course.  She's getting better at it.  She hasn't 
bothered to tell Tenchi that she's pregnant, yet.  It's going to 
be a boy, something I'm sure will make Nobuyuki proud.  After 
everything that's happened to him, Tenchi's suprisingly 
comfortable with not being able to live a normal life.  When I 
asked him about it, he said he'd given up on that a long time ago.  
	I've never seen my daughter happier.  I can't think of 
anything that I wished for more, when I was trapped by Kagato so 
long ago.  Well, it hasn't been that long, but it feels like it.  
Ryoko doesn't get nightmares, anymore, about him.  About him, or 
the dark, or even of Tenchi going away.  I destroyed the tape I 
made of her, crying in the dark.  I know now that I should never 
have done it in the first place, but I...  Nevermind.  I told 
Ryoko that I'd gotten rid of it, and she didn't even seem phased.  
She told me that she wasn't embarassed by it, anymore.  Tenchi had 
already seen her like that.
	Probably back when I was trying to catch him wacthing her 
sleep.  That sly little kid.
	We decided that Sasami should go to school after that year 
ended.  She was excited by it.  I think the hardest thing was 
trying to convice Shadow Dog that he couldn't go to school with 
her, not even as a dog.  
	After Tokimi was defeated, Shadow was released from his 
servitude as Tsunami's Guardian, but he decided to stay and 
protect her and Sasami.  He and I are the only ones who know, but 
I'm not going to say anything.  I think he's in love with Sasami 
and Tsunami, but it's so hard to tell, especially with the way he 
flirts with Kiyone.  Maybe he's just become attatched to the kid.  
But, love is the one thing that even my science can't predict.
	Azusa is still on the throne.  He wanted to step down, and 
let Yosho or Ayeka take his place.  The shame he felt for letting 
himself fall under Tokimi's control was almost to great for him to 
bare.  It took a long time for his children to convince him 
otherwise.  I still don't know what they said to him, but it 
worked.  I've never asked them about it.
	I think I'm beginning to learn to leave some things alone.
	He also refused to have his hand fixed.  It would have been 
simple to grow him a new one, even for Jurai's scientists.  I 
think he wanted to leave his arm a stump, as a reminder.  He 
doesn't even try to cover it, ruling with an "iron wrist."
	Ayeka and Yosho are still with us.  The princess finally 
figured that she didn't want to be a princess, just like her 
sister had decided.  Maybe she'll take over for her father when 
his time comes, but she'll rule alone.  Ayeka came out changed by 
all of this, something I'm still researching.  She's become 
something of a better person, and doesn't let Ryoko bother her, 
anymore.  She's moved on to yelling at Shadow whenever that mutt 
in person's clothing pulls a prank.
	Yosho still acts as priest for the Masaki Shrine.  He put the 
illusion Tsunami created for him back on when we got back, even 
though there's not really any need for it. I guess it's familiar 
to him, even though there's no telling how long he'll live, or if 
he'll even die as long as his tree is still alive.  He's hoping 
that Tenchi will someday take over for him as shrine master.  I 
don't know what he has planned for when that time comes, but it's 
still probably a long time off.
	Mihoshi and Kiyone still patrol the solar system, and 
occasionally chase a criminal right into the house.  Needless to 
say, Tenchi still loses sleep whenever a new hole ends up in one 
of the walls.  Those two are probably the most hopeless out of all 
of us.  Well, maybe just Mihoshi.  They actually came to me the 
other day with a strange request.  I've still managed to keep my 
looks and life these past twenty thousand years by altering my 
body.  They asked if I could do the same to them.  They know what 
it means, but still want it.  I told them I'd think about it.  
	I'm still considering it.
	Let's see, who does that leave?  Oh, yes.  My sister.  Tokimi 
died when Tenchi and Ryoko killed her son again.  She died a 
second time, that day, and this time it was for good.  When her 
son first died, it had shattered her.  She'd given in to the 
Darkness that Shadow Dog has so often spoke of, and was driven 
insane.  When she ressurected her son, and linked their fates, it 
was the greatest mistake she had ever made.  That, and 
underestimating my daughter's and son-in-law's spirits.  I don't 
know what happened to D3, but I think that he died with his 
master.
	I know it's cuel to say, but Tokimi was too weak.  She let 
herself be consumed by grief, and in the end it is grief that 
proved to be her undoing.  Even though she was a goddess, she was 
just not strong enough.
	That only leaves me, now.  I haven't been Washu-chan in 
years, ever since we got back.  I don't have to hide under her 
skin, anymore.  It suprising, that after twenty thousand years as 
a mortal, and untold millenia as a goddess, a time which I still 
can't remember everything about, it's taken me this long to figure 
it out.  I found out what I was so curious about when I first made 
my desicion to leave divinity.  I found out the purpose for 
existence.  Something that I couldn't even know as a goddess.
	We're all alone, when we start out in life.  Life is a storm, 
and we are all ships upon it.  It's our purpose to weather the 
storm, to become strong enough to rise above it to the calm above 
the black clouds. And, if we're lucky, to find someone to weather 
the storm with.  It took mortality to teach me that.  Mortality, 
and my son and daughter.
	Paths are walked, converge, branch off, and meet.  Some 
people walk the same path of fate.  Tenchi and Ryoko were meant to 
be together.  Their paths met, and will never part.  I guess it 
was meant to be this way since the beginning.  Nothing could 
seperate them, now.  
	I love you, Tenchi, Ryoko.
	Both of you.
	Good luck.

End Journal


Author's Notes:  And so ends my story.  Finally!  It's been a hell 
of a lot of fun writing this thing.  If anyone's enjoyed reading 
it, then I've done my job.  I hope I've remained as true to the 
characters as possible.  As usual, any comments, questions, 
advice, spelling tips, praise or even flames and death threats 
should be sent to killersquid@ticnet.com.  Now for the next 
series...

------------

Washu:  Are you really planning on writing a sequel series to 
this?
Loneshark:  Of course, what do you think?  I can't keep the idease 
buzzing around in my head under control.  I need to-- (rant, rant, 
rant)
Washu:  That's what he thinks, the self-rightous windbag.  
(presses a button)
(screams of terror and homicide once again echo throughout the 
land)        
