Disclaimer:  I do not own any of the characters of Tenchi Muyo!  They are owned 
by AIC and Pioneer North America.  I did not create them, and their use here is 
strictly for the enjoyment of myself and anyone who gets bored enough to read 
this.  In other words: Please don't sue my poor ass.    

Tenchi Muyo!
From the Blood of the Gods-- Part 5:  Old Ghosts (or No Need for Demons)
by the Loneshark

	The door opened behind her, the small plastic crab above it clinking.  
Washu didn't have to turn around to see who it was.  She gave her usual 
response.  "Come back later, I'm busy."
	"We need to talk, Little Washu."  She stopped, and felt her blood rush.  
She turned around, trying to keep control of her temper.  She didn't want to 
hurt him.  Not yet.
	"What do you want, Shadow Dog?"  The bounty hunter's face was blank, a 
slight suprise to Washu, who expected to see him wearing a huge grin.  "You got 
back at me this afternoon.  Kiyone's trying to get a court order to have me take 
out my cameras, now."
	Shadow dismissed it with a wave of his hand.  "I don't care about that.  I 
know I got back at you.  I hope it teaches you a lesson about trapping me in 
your lab."  He walked up to her, hands in his pockets, hoping that she didn't 
try to trap him again, as revenge.  He didn't have time to deal with a brat 
scientist's bruised ego.  "We have more important things to discuss."
	Washu smiled, slightly, and spoke in her usual cheery, nasal voice.  
"Well, okay!  So, what's on your mind, Doggie?"
	He gratted his teeth.  He hated it when they called him "Doggie."  "I'm 
sure you picked it up, with your machines.  A surge of energy, orginating from 
this planet.  There's something loose, and I think it's coming this way."
	Washu turned around, typing on her computer.  "Yea, I picked it up.  How 
did you?"  Shadow rolled his eyes.
	"Washu, I don't have time for this.  If something that could be a danger 
to Mistress Sasami is coming here, I want to know."
	Washu sighed.  "Well, I'd like to help you, but I just don't think I can 
pinpoint it.  You're a hunter.  You go out and look for it."
	He growled.  Washu smiled, knowing she was getting to him.  "That would 
leave Mistress Sasami unguarded.  Tenchi, Ryoko and Ayeka are too busy with 
their soap opera to notice it, and they're the only ones besides myself powerful 
enough to protect her properly!"
	"Well then why don't you leave her with Kiyone and Mihoshi?"  Washu had 
turned around and yelled at him.  Shadow was taken aback, both by Washu's 
outburst, and because the diminutive scientist was no longer so little.
	Washu looked down, and cried out, realizing she had slipped out of her 
chan form.  Shadow Dog's eyes grew wide at the sight of an adult Washu, 
something he didn't think was possible.  "Washu?"
	Washu stood in her adult form, her face still red with anger.  "You come 
here, attack my family, say you're here to help us, and expect me to be at your 
beck and call?  Just because you say you have some divine purpose that involves 
Sasami?"  Washu's fist shot out, Shadow Dog being too much in shock to notice 
before it knocked him to the floor of Washu's lab.  "I know you're not telling 
me the whole story.  You want me to help you?  Then try telling the truth.  You 
and Tsunami and Katsuhito think you know best with your secrets?  You're only 
hurting the ones you're supposed to protect!"
	Shadow looked up at her, still slightly in shock.  "Well, I see where your 
daughter gets her temperment."  Washu continued to glare at him, unaffected by 
his comment.  He stood to his feet.  "You're right.  I should have told you the 
truth from the beginning.  You want to talk?  We'll talk.  Just ask me what you 
want to know?"
	Washu closed her eyes, and began to relax.  She turned, and started to 
walk deeper into her lab.  She signaled for Shadow Dog to follow her.  She 
stopped next to a large floating table, with several seats surrounding it.  She 
sat, and Shadow did the same.  She wasn't totally sure he would still tell her 
the truth.  "What are you?"
	"You mean, what is a Guardian?"  She nodded.  "I learned about them a 
long, long time ago.  Until I came here, though, the memory had been blocked 
from my mind by Tsunami.  You may think of her as being somewhat... passive, but 
she isn't.  Before I was even born, my family line, and the families of several 
other beings, were marked.  The gods chose us, saying that one day, we might be 
called upon."
	"Called upon for what?"  Washu had shrank back into her chan form, now.  
Shadow could see that her temper was finally calmed.  He was worried she would 
try to hurt him, for a second.
	He shrugged.  "That's up to the gods.  Every now and then, someone is 
chosen for an important task.  Something that could very well decide the fate of 
the universe.  My family was chosen to be Guardians, protectors.
	"I learned all of this when I was very young, but I couldn't remember it 
until I came here.  Tsunami uncovered the memoried in my dreams, and showed them 
to me."
	Washu sat, thinking.  "Your mental link with Sasami is because of Tsunami, 
right?"  Shadow Dog nodded.  "Weren't you upset?"  Shadow cocked an eyebrow, 
questioningly.  "You told me that the Twilight People were free.  By being 
chosen to protect Tsunami, hasn't that freedom been taken from you?"
	Shadow shook his head.  "No.  We are free to decide our own fates, until 
we're called upon.  After we've completed our task, and if we survive, we are 
free again.  Someone has to pay the price for the rest of us.  Guardians and 
others chosen by the gods gladly accept the responsibilty."
	Washu's head lowered, a smile of relief spreading across her face.  At 
least that question was finally answered.  Now all she had to do was figure out 
his soul fire...
	Shadow noticed the smile on Washu's face starting to widen.  He back away 
from the table, slightly.  "Washu, please.  What was the energy you detected?"
	Washu snapped up from her thoughts.  "Oh, that?  I don't know.  It started 
out as something ethereal when it first happened, but then it changed.  I 
haven't been able to find it since."
	Shadow nodded.  "Thank you, Little Washu.  I apologize for not telling you 
any of this earlier, but Tsunami thought--"
	"To hell with Tsunami,"  Washu said, her voice flat.  "If she doesn't want 
to tell me the whole story, I'll find it out myself.  One way, or the other."  
That last statement made Shadow Dog involuntarily shiver.      

***

	Tenchi was still asleep.  He had been thinking alot, in his dreams.  He 
knew he was in love with Ryoko, although it had taken him a long time to realize 
it.  Or, just admit it?  He was glad Ayeka hadn't done something drastic because 
of it.  It was hard enough to know that she hurt.  Instead, she'd... changed?
	Tenchi also knew that Ryoko loved him, but never really understood it.  He 
thought he did now, at least a little.  It hadn't been until Tenchi had whatched 
her one night.  It had been during one of those sleepless night that seemed to 
be plauging the entire household.  He had stood there in the shadows, hiding as 
he whatched Ryoko turn in her bed among the rafters.  She was crying out, first 
to Kogato, then to her mother.  "No!  Don't... don't leave me... alone!  
Please!"  She was afraid.  Afraid of being alone.  "Tenchi!"  That was when she 
woke up, even if she didn't realize it.  She pulled her legs up to her chest, 
and buried her face in her knees.  "Please... don't leave me alone... not in the 
dark.  Not in this place, Tenchi.  Don't leave me...," she mumbled between sobs.  
"Please, Tenchi.  I love you.  Don't go."  
	He had never turly realized it until that moment.  Ryoko had been alone 
her entire life.  For over a thousand years, she had been alone.  She was afraid 
of being alone, now.  And afraid of losing him.  
	After that, Tenchi had begun to think about how much Ryoko had worried 
about him.  She had cried when he tried to go after Mayuka, after his daughter 
had tried a second time to trap him in Yazuha's world.  She wouldn't let go of 
him.  She didn't want to be alone again.
	Just like he felt when his mother died.  He felt so alone, like he was in 
a dark hole, with no way out.  
	Now he understood.  She didn't do anything without a reason, he knew.  
This was probably her most important.  She didn't want to lose him to the 
darkness.
	And he would never let that happen.
	He woke up, his head slightly buzzing.  It must've been from not sleeping 
for so long.  He lifted his head off of his pillow, slightly.  He was still in 
his room.  A good sign.  He threw off his blanket, and sat on the edge of his 
bed.  
	Tenchi looked at his bed.  "Wasn't... didn't I...?"  The futon had been 
folded up and placed in the far corner of his room.  He shook his head and 
relaxed.  So, Ryoko had put him in his bed when she got up.  No big deal.  He 
laid back on the bed, breathing a sigh of relief.  Then he felt a breeze.  
Tenchi looked up, and noticed that he was only wearng his boxers.  He felt his 
face go through several shades of red before settling on an appropriatly 
embarrassed hue.  He checked to make sure everything was still there, and then 
started to get dressed.
	So Ryoko could be a little wild.  "Who am I trying to kid?"  She is a 
space pirate.  Tenchi couldn't think of anything that could be more wild.
	As he made his way downstairs, Tenchi saw one thing that might be 
competition to that title, the bounty hunter Shadow Dog.  The hound form of 
Shadow laid on the couch, sleeping.  Tenchi noticed that Mayuka, his daughter, 
was sleeping on the beast, rising and falling with Shadow's back as he slept.  
Tenchi shrugged, and walked into the kitchen.  
	Sasami looked up at him, "Oh, hi Tenchi!"  She was cooking something, 
although Tenchi couldn't see exactly what it was.  Ryo-ohki miyaed a greeting 
from her perch atop Sasami's head.  
	"Good morning Sasami."  The girl giggled.  "Uh... what's so funny?"
	"You've been asleep most of the day, you lazy boy.  You missed breakfast."  
	Tenchi blushed.  "Oh, man.  I can't believe I slept for so long."
	"I can't believe you were up for so long before you finally did sleep."  
She stirred the pot, tasting it a little, and stirred it again.
	Tenchi looked around, noting how quiet the house was.  "Um, Sasami.  Where 
is everyone?"
	Sasami looked to the side, thinking.  "Well, Mihoshi and Kiyone had to go 
on patrol.  Nobuyuki went to the office early, Shadow is whatching Mayuka, 
Washu's in her lab, Ayeka is in the bath... and I have no idea where Ryoko is."  
She jumped.  "Oh, I just remebered!"  She closed her eyes for a moment, the 
triangles on her forehead glowing with a silver light.  It looked to Tenchi like 
she was thinking about something.  She opened her eyes again.  "Lunch will be 
ready soon, Tenchi.  Could you go and get everyone for me?" 
	Tenchi nodded.  "Yea, sure thing."  He turned to leave, when Shadow Dog 
walked into the room in his humaniod form, carrying Mayuka in one arm, and a 
handful of carrots in the other.  "Here's the carrots you asked for, Mistress 
Sasami."
	"Thanks, Shadow.  Could you put them over there?"  She pointed at an empty 
spot on the counter.
	Tenchi stood there for a second, confused, then shrugged and left.  "It 
always creeps me out when they do that."

***

	Lord Hikage slammed his fist on the desk.  "Twilight Ward!  Bastard!"  He 
didn't understand how it could be.  How could one of the Twilight People be on 
Earth, and be protecting the boy?  He sat back, grating his teeth in 
frustration.  His job got harder all the time.
	"Well, sir,"  his servant Asagi, spoke up.  "It could have something to do 
with the first bounty hunter that the Emperor sent to Earth."  Hikage looked at 
the man, waiting for him to continue.  Asagi laid a small disk on the desk.  On 
it was the picture of a young, pale-skinned man with a red gem in his forehead.  
"His name is Sha--"
	"Shadow Dog."  Hikage hissed at the name.  "Of course.  Now it makes 
sense.  The Guardian is on Earth... then that means..."  The young lord's 
eyebrows rose.  "Tsunami."  
	"What would this man have to do with the First Tree, sir?"  Asagi 
scratched his bald, tattooed head.  
	Hikage ignored him.  D3 had given him a job to do, no matter what.  "Send 
Ito back to Earth."
	"Sir?"
	"You heard me!"  Hikage threw the picture of Shadow Dog at his servant, 
who barely dodged it.  "Tell Gasam to retrieve the boy, no matter what it 
takes!"
	"In that case, sir, I only have one other thing to report.  The Empresses 
Funaho and Misaki are going to be visiting Earth, soon.  The Emperor will be 
following them shortly after."
	Hikage nodded.  "Undrestood.  Send him after the Emperor has left, then."  
Asagi bowed, and vanished in a small flash of light.  Hikage thought to himself,  
"Seayo.  What are you doing on Earth?  Is Tsunami there, with you?"  
	D3's voice echoed inside Hikage's head.  "You must capture the boy alive, 
for Lady Tokimi.  Failure will not be tolerated."  Hikage shivered.  The boy 
would be his.  Even if he had to move the heavens to do so.

***

	It hunched low, in the bushes.  The boy had just walked into the small 
island that floated above the lake, and then walked out talking to a girl with 
purple hair.  What kind of person had purple hair?  It's tail twitched in 
annoyance.  Where was the girl?  Her scent was becoming harder to follow, the 
closer it got to this place.  Was it because of the holy place above the valley?
	The Bane of Dragons stretched it's claws, and yawned.  This was gettng so 
boring.  It decided to follow the boy and girl.  Maybe they would lead it to the 
one Tokimi wanted.  "Sasami..."

	Ryoko lazily stretched, looking around from her perch on top of the house.  
If today could get anymore perfect, she would be dead and in heaven.  She chided 
herself for that thought.  If she were dead, then she wouldn't be with Tenchi.
	She lifted her head up, and looked around.  She had heard him leave the 
house, but where was he now?  Deciding to go find him, Ryoko stood, and took to 
the air.  If he didn't come back, she'd just go find him.
	She felt something.  Ryoko stopped in mid-air, and looked around.  She had 
just felt... a presence.  Something dark.  Evil.  She sneered, scanning the 
ground below her for the source of her distubance.  She couldn't see anything.  
She closed her eyes, and concentrated.  She hated doing this, but she was left 
with no choice.
	"Washu?"  She reached out with her mind, trying to contact her mother.
	"Yes, Little Ryoko?"  Her mother's nasal voice echoed in her mind.  How 
that woman could get under skin!
	"I... there's something here."
	"Hm?  What is it?"
	"I don't know!  That's why I'm asking you.  Can you pinpoint it?"
	There was a moment of silence, and Washu spoke again.  "Well, maybe... 
But, only on one condition."
	"What!"  What was this damn woman doing?  "Dammit, Washu!  I don't have 
time for this!"
	"You have to call me 'Mom.'"
   	Ryoko growled.  "What?!  You're insane."
	"Oh, well.  I guess we'll just have to wait for it to come to us!"  Washu 
cackeld.  
	Ryoko clenched her hands into fists, until her knuckles turned white.  
"All right.  Mom."
	"Now was that so hard?"  Washu didn't speak for several seconds.  "Ryoko, 
find Tenchi and Ayeka.  Get back to the house as soon as you do.  Shadow Dog and 
I will meet you half-way."
	"Washu?  Washu!  What is it?"
	"I think... it's a demon."

***

	Now this was more enjoyable.  It slowly stalked them, whatching their 
every move.  They were so complacent, like fish.  Just because It had to find a 
single girl, didn't mean It couldn't have a little fun, too.  It looked up at 
the sky.  It was clear and sunny a few minutes ago, but dark clouds had moved in 
just in the last few minutes, bringing signs of storm.  It breathed in the moist 
air, and smiled.
	Then, It felt something.  A power was approaching.  It looked around, and 
saw a cyan-haired girl flying towards the two It had been following.  It settled 
back into the bushes, and cast out It's senses, hoping to hear them.

	"Ryoko, there you are!"  Tenchi called out as she came to a stop in front 
of him and Ayeka.  Ryoko didn't seem to aknowledge him, instead looking around.  
"Ryoko?"
	"Ryoko, what is it?"  Ayeka asked her.
	Ryoko moved between them, and put her arms around their waists.  "Hang 
on."  She flew off, carrying both of them.  Ayeka shrieked, and grabbed on to 
Ryoko.  Tenchi held on to her, tryng to get a word out in the confusion.
	"Ryoko!  What... wait a minute!  What's going on?"  Ryoko looked back over 
her shoulder, the presence stronger.  She gasped, and started to fly faster.  
"Ryoko, what is it?"  Tenchi looked back, and yelled.  Something was chasing 
them.  It looked almost like a giant red lizard, but such a description was too 
ridiculous and inadequate.  It was a red, scaled beast, running on long arms and 
strong hind legs.  Tenchi could see a long tounge snake in and out of it's 
toothed maw.  There was a gleam in it's eyes... something that made Tenchi 
shiver.  
	Up ahead, Ryoko could see Shadow and Washu standing in front of the house.  
She flew over to them, and stopped, setting Tenchi and Ayeka down on the ground.  
	"Miss Washu,"  Ayeka cried out when she saw her.  "What is that thing!"
	"A demon," she stated flatly.  It kept running towards them, despite the 
size of the group.  It could smell their power on the air.  
	This would be fun.
	Shadow Dog walked up to Tenchi.  "Here, take it."  He thrust Tenchiken 
into the boy's hand.
	"Wha... how were you--"  A scream cut him off.  Tenchi turned to see the 
demon standing a few yards away from him, the gleam in it's eyes now wild.
	The Bane of Dragons flared It's nostrils as it breathed in the air.  Rain 
was definatly coming.  It eyed the group, sizing them up.  "Where is... Sasami?"  
It spoke in low, gutteral tones.
	Shadow Dog erupted on a column of flame as he changed into his hound form.  
He growled at the demon, ready to jump.  Washu stepped forward, signaling for 
him to stay.  Ryoko's sword appeared in her hand, and Tenchi activated his own.  
	Ayeka's logs appeared around her, her forcefield glowing.  "What do you 
want here?"  She demanded.
	It sniffed.  "I want the princess.  The princess Sasami."  The demon rose 
on it's hind legs, showing off a large, powerful chest.  "Bring her to me, in 
sacrifice."  Just like the old days.
	Shadow Dog howled, and leapt at It.  He didn't hear the others cry out, 
telling him to stay back.  He landed on the demon, his claws digging into It's 
flesh.  It tried to grab onto him as Shadow's bulk nocked It to the ground, but 
the black flames burned It's hands.  The Bane of Dragons hissed, and slammed one 
powerful fist into Shadow's ribs.  The bounty hunter flew off of the demon, 
rolling in the dirt.  Rain started to fall as he picked himself up, his gem 
glowing, the soul-fire roiling in black tongues off of his body.
	The demon chuckled as it stood.  "Good.  You will be sport, and then I 
will have Sasami."
	"Who are you?"  Washu yelled at it.  "Why do you want Sasami?"
	It chuckled.  "I am the most wicked demon in a thousand years.  I am more 
terrible than the lords of the hells, I am stronger than all the samurai.  I 
have killed ninja, warlord, peasant, woman and child.  I have killed man and 
beast, demon and god.  I am death's servant.  I am the Bane of Dragons."
	"You're also pretentious,"  Ryoko said.  The demon narrowed It's slit eyes 
at her, and hissed.  "Sasami is mine!  Bring her to me, and you will be spared."
	Ryoko yelled, and charged at the demon.  It charged her, as well.  Ryoko 
shot out a blast of energy, right in the demon's face, knocking It back.
	Ryoko flew at It as It lay on the ground, quickly recovering and getting 
up.  She shoved her energy sword into It's stomach.  Ryoko gasped as it laughed, 
and she pulled out her sword.  The wound began to close.  "What the hell?"  A 
scaled fist struck her across the face.
	"Ryoko!"  Tenchi ran to her, placing himself between her and the demon.  
"Get back, now!  You won't harm anyone here, I swear it!"  The demon laughed, 
and towered above Tenchi.
	"Then come, boy.  If you can."
	Tenchi yelled, and swung at It.  The demon moved back quickly for It's 
size, barely dodging Tenchi's blade.  It moved back further as Tenchi pressed 
his attack.  The beast lashed out with a fist.  Tenchi brought his sword up, 
loping off the demon's hand at the wrist.  It howled, and leapt backward, 
clutching it bleeding stump.  "You're very good, boy,"  It hissed.  The blood 
pouring out of It's arm began to swirl, and take shape, congealing into another 
hand.  It roared, and jumped at Tenchi, both clawed hands outstretched.  
	It was knocked to the side again as Shadow Dog tore into it's abdomen. The 
demon roared in pain, trying to dislodge Shadow's grip.  Shadow's jaws were 
firmly set into demon flesh.  Ryoko flew up, and fired a barage of energy at the 
Bane of Dragons.  It roared, and looked up at Ryoko.  Fire erupted from it's 
fanged snout.  Ryoko flew to the side, dodging the fire.  She could feel it's 
heat as it passed her, singing her hair, and her dress.  Ryoko dived at it, and 
planted her sword into the demon's arm.  The demon took ahold of Shadow, despite 
the flame from the hound's fire, and ripped him off, along with a chunk of 
flesh.  He threw Shadow into Ryoko, both combatants flying away, towards the 
lake.
	The rain started to fall harder, now.  Tenchi was about to renew his 
attacks, when Ayeka flew past him.  She rammed the demon with her shield, energy 
flashing from the impact.  The Bane of Drangons fell to the ground, Ayeka 
hovering over him.  "You will not harm my sister, or any one else!  Begone!"  
She focused a blast of energy, throwing the demon back further.
	
	Yosho hurried down the mountain side, breathing heavily, and scolding 
himself.  "You fool!"  He should never have left the house, today.  He should 
have stayed, so he could be there to help protect Sasami.  Now everyone was in 
danger. He almost slipped in a patch of mud as he ran through the forest, the 
sounds of battle closer now.  Even if Tenchi did manage to manifest the Light 
Hawk Wings, they would need more than that to help them against Tokimi's 
servant.
	He broke through the forest, only to see Ayeka thrown across the yard of 
the Masaki home by a great, scaled beast.  "Damn."  He rushed to his sister's 
side.  She looked up at him.
	"Yo... Yosho?  What are you doing here?  You... uh!"  She clutched her 
side in pain.  Yosho gently pushed back to the ground.
	"You're hurt.  Don't try to move.  I will handle this."  He stood, and 
approached the demon.  "Stop this, now!"
	The demon turned it's attention from the others, and looked at Yosho.  It 
studied him for a moment, and then it's eyes grew wide.  "You!  You are of her 
blood, aren't you?  You are the son of the one who first imprisoned me.  You are 
the son of that girl who shed her blood to trap me so long ago."
	Yosho remained unmoved.  "I don't know what you are talking about.  You 
are attacking my family, and I will not stand by and whatch."  He pulled a 
bokken out of his robes, and held it in front of him, in a battle stance.
	The demon laughed.  "Ha!  Funaho's child is foolish indeed, to think a 
wooden sword can beat me."
	Yosho's own eyes grew.  "Mother?  What do you know of my mother?"
	The demon cocked it's head to the side, looking at Yosho curiously.  "You 
mean you do not know?  She never told you?  Ha ha!  Very good, Funaho, yes.  
Very good, indeed.  She thought me trapped all this time?  That I would stay a 
prisoner forever?  Well, I'll take my revenge on your blood, and then take the 
goddess-child."
	"Sasami.  So that is why you are here?  You won't take her."  Yosho let 
out a battle cry, and charged.
	"Try and stop me!"  The demon charged.
	Tenchi looked up to see his grandfather fighting the demon.  He didn't 
know what happened between the time Ayeka went after it, and he picked himself 
up.  Had he gone unconcious?  It didn't matter now.  His grandfather ducked 
under the demon's claws, striking it in the ribs.  When the claws did try to get 
close to Katsuhito, his personal forcefield stopped them, only slightly pushing 
the old man. 
	Ryoko stood beside Tenchi, ready to jump into the battle.  "Come on, 
Tenchi!"  She started to move, but Tenchi placed a hand on her shoulder, 
stopping her.  "What?  What is it?"
	Tenchi shook his head.  "We can't, Ryoko.  We'll just get in the way."
	"Well, then, try using the Light Hawk Wings!"
	"I can't.  I still don't know how to use them, completly.  I don't know 
how I make them work."  He looked down at the sword handle in his hands.  "But, 
I have an idea.  Cover me."  He ran towards the two combatants.  
	"Tenchi!"  Ryoko yelled to him, but he'd already went.  She cursed, and 
flew after him.
	"Grandpa!  Catch!"  Yosho turned around.  His grandson, Tenchi, threw him 
his sword.  Yosho jumped away from the demon, who was stalled by a blast from 
Ryoko.  Yosho caught Tenchiken, the blue blade coming to life in his hands, and 
turned back to the demon.  It's back rose as it breathed in deep, ragged 
breaths.
	Yosho charged again, the sword held out.  The demon lashed out with it's 
claws.  Yosho ducked down, and slashed the sword across the demon's chest.  It 
stumbled, and fell to the ground.  The old man had cut close to it's heart!  It 
had just enough power for one last move.
	Yosho deactivated the sword, and turned around.  The demon was on the 
ground, holding it's wound.  Yosho knew he had struck very deep.  It was 
defeated.  The demon looked at him, and hissed.  "Know this, child of Funaho!  I 
am the Bane of Dragons, and Sasami will be mine!"  With a final oath, it 
disappeared.
	Yosho walked up to his grandson, and gave him back his sword.  "Thank you, 
Tenchi."  Washu and Shadow Dog walked up, Shadow panting. 
	Ryoko looked down at her mother.  "Washu!  Where the hell did you go, 
anyway?"
	"Are you kidding?  The way you were shooting that energy all over the 
place, I had to take cover, crazy girl."  Washu did her best to scold her 
daughter, who just growled and looked down at her.
	"Ayeka!"  The group turned to see Sasami sitting beside her sister in the 
mud.  They ran over to her, Washu bending down to examine the fallen princess.  
"Washu?  Please, is she..."
	"She's fine.  Let's get her inside.  Shadow, if you would, please?"  
Shadow Dog changed back to his human form, and picked Ayeka out of the mud, 
following Washu into the house, with Sasami right beside him.  Tenchi, Ryoko, 
and Katsuhito followed.

***

	"Do you have any idea what that thing was, Grandpa?"  They sat on the 
couch, tired and dirty.  Ryoko had fallen asleep, her head on Tenchi's shoulder.  
He still had the sword in his hand, too tired to put it away.  He reached up, 
and scratched at some dried blood on his head.  He was too tired to feel pain.
	Katsuhito shook his head.  "No, I don't.  He said that he knew my 
mother..."
	"What does it mean?  Did your mother...," he sighed, exasperated.  
"Dammit.  I don't know.  I'm sorry."
	His grandfather nodded.  "It's quite all right, Tenchi.  I'll ask Mother 
next the next time she visits.  What I am more worried about right now is why 
that thing wanted Sasami.  Her called her the goddess-child, so he must know 
about Tsunami, as well."
	Tenchi looked down.  That thing had known his great-grandmother.  A ghost 
from his family's past.  Yazuha was a demon from his grandfather's past.  He 
thought about his daughter, Mayuka.  Would she have to deal with a ghost from 
his life?  He prayed she wouldn't.  He looked up, hearing her crying from her 
room.  "Oh, I...,"  He moved to get up, but his grandfather stood, and stopped 
him.
	"It's fine, Tenchi.  I'll take care of her.  You need to get some sleep.  
You look exhausted."  Tenchi nodded, and closed his eyes.  Sleep came a lot 
sooner than he expected.

***

	Her head hurt as she lifted it off of her pillow.  Ayeka cursed slightly, 
the pain more of an annoyance than anything else.  She sat up, looking around.  
She was in her room, in a dry nightgown.  She remembered her brother Yosho 
standing over her, and then... she passed out.  She heard snoring.  Sasami laid 
next to her on her own futon, fast asleep.  Ayeka smiled.	
	"Thank goodness you're safe, Sasami."  She reached over, and kissed her 
younger sister on the forehead.  Then, she noticed the other person in the room.  
"Ah!  Shadow Dog!  What are you doing in here?"
	Shadow sat in a corner of the room, looking up at the window.  "Just 
watching the rain, Princess.  Nothing wrong with that, is there?"  His face was 
a blank mask, until he looked at Sasami, and smiled, warmly.  "It's one of the 
best thing's about this planet."
	Ayeka wasn't sure if he was talking about Sasami, or the rain.  Maybe 
both.  "You know what I mean.  Why are you in here?  It's rude."
	He frowned at her.  "I carried you inside, after Lord Katsuhito chased off 
the demon.  You should be thanking me.  Anyway, I'm here because of her."  He 
nodded at Sasami.  "She stayed by your side all day, you know?  She cares about 
you, very much.  Even after Washu said you would be all right, she didn't 
leave."  He went back to gazing out the window.  "I can't leave her side, 
however.  Not with that thing out there.  You, of all people, should understand 
that."
	Ayeka looked at her sister, and sighed.  "I'm sorry.  I didn't realize she 
meant that much to you, as well."
	"Not to lessen the meaning, Princess Ayeka, but I do it out of duty, as 
much as out of love."  Ayeka looked at him, wide-eyed.  "She's a very special 
girl, Ayeka.  I swore before I was born that I would die to protect her."
	"What... what do you mean?"  Ayeka flet that what he was saying had 
something to do with his ability to touch Tenchiken.
	"I don't believe you have heard of the Twilight People, have you?"  Ayeka 
gasped.  "So, I was wrong.  Well, now you've met one."
	Ayeka backed away, slightly.  She'd never been so close to a myth.  "But, 
I thought that the Twilight People were stained by the darkness, and cast out 
from Jurai?"
	Shadow shook his head.  "No, Princess.  That is a lie, told by those in 
power so that we are never trusted, should we be discovered.  True, we were the 
Juraians stained by the Tree of Darkness, but that is all.  We gave an oath in 
those ancient days, that we would never give in completely to the Light, or the 
Darkness.  We were free to choose our own destiny, untethered by those divine 
forces.  All of us, except for one family.
	"One family of Twilight People, the members of Jurai's Royal family that 
had become Twilight People, were chosen for a sacred duty.  One of each 
generation would vow to be a Guardian.  One of those chosen to protect.  We gave 
the oath to Tsunami herself, that the Guardian of each generation would be 
willing to do whatever was required of them.  I am a memer of the Royal family 
of Jurai's Twilight children.  That's why I was able to hold Tenchi's sword, 
without suffering from it."
	"That also means that we are related?"  Ayeka asked, nervously.  It was 
all so disturbing.  She'd been brought up to believe that the Twilight People 
were savages, creatures of darkness and corruption.  But this man seemed to be 
the exact opposite, with the possible exception of his bath etiquette.  Of 
course, she'd also been brought up to believe that being First Princess of Jurai 
was the greatest honor in her life.  
	Shadow Dog nodded.  "My true name is Seayo.  I am related to you, Sasami, 
Tenchi, and Lord Katsuhito, although the bloodline is very distant.  Suprised?"
	Ayeka shook her head, slightly.  "Only a little.  I know that I probably 
should, but it is truely not all that shocking.  You treat Sasami like a real 
person.  Thank you, for that."
	He nodded.  "I meant what I said, Princess Ayeka.  I will die before I let 
that demon have her.  I swear it.  And, if Mistress Sasami wishes it, I will do 
the same for everyone of you."  He grinned.  "Even Mihoshi."
	Ayeka smiled.  "Thank you, again."  She looked at the window, watching the 
rain fall.  It was peaceful, for once.  
	"So, what was it like to grow up?  Emotionally, I mean?"
	Ayeka shot a cross look at the Guardian.  "Do you want to discuss this?  I 
could easily bring up the incident in the bath."
	Shadow Dog facefaulted in fear.  "All right, all right.  Nevermind."  
Ayeka giggled, and looked back out the window.  So peaceful.
	There was a knock on the door that connected their room to Mayuka's.  
Katsuhito opened it, and stepped in, craddling his great-granddaughter in one 
arm.  "Mind if I join you?  She's not being the best conversationalist, right 
now," he said jokingly, looking down at Mayuka.

***

	The cyan-haired woman  looked up from her pillow.  Her head laid 
onTenchi's lap, staring up at the cieling.  She could hear him snoring.  She sat 
up, feeling her muscles aching from the battle with the demon.  What the hell 
was that thing, anyway?  Tenchi's head was tilted back on the couch as she 
turned around, and looked at him.  His face was covered in mud, like the rest of 
his body.
	Ryoko looked down at herself, an realized that she was caked in the earthy 
substance, as well.  She sighed, and leaned forward, kissing Tenchi on the 
cheek.  "Sleep well, my love."  He mumbled something in his sleep in reply.  
Ryoko couldn't help but smile, even though it hurt her face a little.
	"So, you're awake?"  Washu's voice echoed slightly in Ryoko's mind.
	"What do you want?"
	"Hmm, just checking in on you, that's all.  You kids can be so sweet!"
	"Come on!  Knock it off!  What do you want?"
	"Well, there is something you can do for me..."  Washu's voice carried too 
much michief with it to calm Ryoko.  "Now that Tenchi's finally told you how he 
feels, do you think it would be possible for you to get me a sperm sample?" 
	Ryoko growled.  "You perverted little..."
	"Hey, just kidding!"
	"You keep your hands off of him, got it?"
	"Little ingrate," Washu mumbled.  
	"Washu!  Washu?"  She'd cut off the link.  "Fine by me."  Ryoko looked 
back at Tenchi for a few moments, when she noticed Ayeka coming down the stairs.  
The princess looked directly at her, and smiled.  
	"Hello, Ryoko.  I wanted to thank you for your help, this afternoon.  You 
helped protect Sasami."
	Ryoko blushed.  "Yea, well, I... you should be thanking Yosho.  He's the 
one who saved all of us."  Why was Ayeka being so nice to her?
	The princess walked up to her, her face unusually calm.  Ryoko looked 
down, and saw that her hand was closed around Tenchi's.  She looked up at Ayeka.  
It was almost impossible to discern any reaction, one way or the other.  Ayeka 
ran a hand through the mud in her hair.  "Yeech.  I was planning on taking a 
bath, and getting some of this mud off of me.  Care to join me?"  Ryoko just 
blinked.  Tenchi was right, something had changed in Ayeka.  "We have some 
things to talk about, anyway."
	Ryoko smiled, and nodded.  "Sure, princess.  I need a bath, too."  She 
thought to herself, "And a drink."

***

	Kiyone rubbed her temples, trying to banish the headache that plauged her 
skull.  The only peace she was recieving, however, was the blessing that Mihoshi 
was asleep in the pilot's chair next to her.  The sound of her snoring could 
have been worse.  It could have been Mitsuki's voice.  
	Yagami's computers had no information about the bounty put on Tenchi.  
Maybe the bounty wasn't open, yet.  Shadow did say that he was a member of the 
Hunter's Guild, and under contract.  So, who was that other hunter that tried to 
kidnap Tenchi and Ryoko?  The Hunter's Guild claimed that none of their members 
since Shadow had taken the bounty, but they probably wouldn't tell her the truth 
about that, anyway.  Kiyone was forced to call in to GP Headquarters, and ask 
for a favor.  From Mitsuki.
	Kiyone cursed Shadow Dog, and slammed her fist on the control panel.  If 
only that sneaky bastard hadn't let the bounty hunter get away, this would be so 
much simpler.  She wouldn't have to call in Mitsuki for assisstance.  Kiyone 
knew that there was nothing that little bitch wouldn't do in order to hold it 
over her head.
	A red screen appeared in front of Kiyone, quietly beeping, and flashing in 
bright red and black letters.  It was a transmission.  Kiyone sighed, bracing 
herself for the agony, and pressed to recieve.  Mitsuki's red-haired face 
practicaly beamed.  "Mitsuki, did you find anything?"  She barely got out the 
words with her civility intact.  If there was one person in the entire universe 
that she could hate, it would be this woman.
	Mitsuki shook her head.  "No, sorry.  I can't find any open or private 
bounties on your friend.  In fact, there seems to be very little activity among 
the bounty hunters.  It's like they've all gone on vacation, or something.  I 
think there's some sort of convention in..."
	"Thanks, Mitsuki, but I think that's all I'll need."  At least the bitch 
was thourough.
	"Why would anyone be so interested in a little Earthling, anyway?  I mean, 
it's not like there's anything out there, and he can't be of any value.  Can you 
honestly tell me why this skinny little kid would be the target of a bounty?  I 
mean, look at him!  He worthless!"
	Kiyone struggled with her anger.  "He is my friend, Mitsuki.  I'd 
appreciate it if you were a little more polite about it."    
	"Oh, Kiyone..."  Mitsuki chimed, waiting.  Kiyone would never, ever say 
what she wanted to hear, so Mitsuki said it for her.  "You owe me one."
	"Thanks again, Mitsuki."  Kiyone's hated rival smiled, and then 
disappeared with the screen.  Kiyone could barely contain her rage at that 
woman.  Who the hell did she think she was, to insult her friend like that?  
"Dirty, no-good, lousy, self-rightous, arrogant slut."  Kiyone let out a stream 
of curses.
	Mihoshi snorted, and woke up from her nap.  "Huh, Kiyone?  Is it time to 
go home, yet?  I'm getting hungry.  I wonder what Sasami's cooking."  She almost 
jumped back when Kiyone looked over at her.  Her partner was very, very angry.  
"Um, Kiyone?  Did... did I do something wrong?"
	"No you didn't do anything wrong!"  Kiyone yelled at her, unable to hold 
back part of her hate for Mitsuki.  Mihoshi cowered in her seat.
	"I... I'm sorry, Kiyone."
	Kiyone sighed, and scolded herself.  "No, I'm sorry, Mihoshi.  I shouldn't 
have yelled at you like that.  Let's just go home, okay?  I have a huge 
headache."
	Mihoshi smiled, only too happy to help her partner and favorite person in 
the universe.  "Okay, Kiyone!"  Her fingers flew across the control panel of the 
Yagami, piloting the ship back towards Earth.

***

	"Self-rightous bitch."  Mitsuki turned off the link.  At least for now she 
had something to hold over that little snob, Kiyone.  Maybe she should hold off 
on it for a while, give Kiyone a good long time to develop an ulcer over it.  
Then again, she may have to try and fool her into something sooner than later.  
	Mitsuki scratched the faint sigil on the back of her left hand, still 
getting used to it's presence.  She still didn't know quite how she'd gotten 
herself into this mess.  Maybe if she'd never been ordered to track the Jurain 
nobleman, she never would have discovered his secret.  Never discovered her own 
secret.
	The GP officer shook her head.  That was nonsense, and she knew it.  D3 
would have come for her, eventually, even if she'd lived the rest of her life 
without ever hearing the name Hikage.  Still, she couldn't help but blame that 
dark-haired bastard, just a little.
	She sighed, and went back to work.  This file manipulation stuff was hard 
work.  Internal Affairs was already paranoid after her former partner had been 
caught at this.  Mitsuki thanked her goddess that the fool died before giving 
her name away.  She had to make something, anything, pin this Tenchi kid.  Then 
he could be captured, and Mitsuki would take him into custody, showing up that 
little snob Kiyone and her idiot partner.  That would make her patrons happy, 
for once.
	The sigil on Mitsuki's hand glowed, burning, slightly.  "Yes, my Lady 
Tokimi.  He'll be yours, I swear it."  Mitsuki prayed she was right.  She didn't 
even want to think about failing.  Lady Tokimi could grant Mitsuki her greatest 
dream, or her worst nightmare.  She was so capricious, sometimes.

***

	Tenchi woke up, the various mucles and joints in his body in pain.  He 
almost wished that he hadn't woke.  Maybe then he wouldn't be feeling the pain 
in the back of his neck.  He hung his head, massaging the back of his neck.  He 
felt the sword Tenchiken in his hands, realizing that he had forgotten to put it 
away before he fell asleep.  He heard a giggle next to him, and turned to see 
Mayuka standing on the couch, looking at him.  He smiled at her.  "Hey, Mayuka.  
What are you doing here?"  She crawled up on his lap, smiling.
	"Da!"  She reached up and hugged his neck, her little arms barely making 
it around.  Tenchi laughed at his daughter's gesture of affection, and stood, 
picking her up. 
	He looked around for someone, but the house was quiet.  "Where is 
everyone?"  He listened, carefully, and heard the sound of cooking coming from 
the kitchen.  "Oh, good.  Sasami must be awake."  He started to head in that 
direction, when he heard the front door open.  
	"Hello, everybody!  We're home!"  Mihoshi's voice echoed throughout the 
house as she and her partner walked in.  
	"Oh, Mihoshi, Kiyone!  Welcome back."  Tenchi greeted them as they walked 
into the lounge, Mihoshi as full of energy as ever, and Kiyone looking tired.  
"Long patrol?"
	Kiyone turned to him.  "Hm?  Oh, no, it's not that, Tenchi.  I tried 
looking up any bounties placed on you, or why, but I couldn't find anything."  
Tenchi nodded in understanding.  "I'm sorry."
	He shook his head.  "It's okay, Kiyone.  I just wish we'd found out who 
that man was that tried to kidnap me and Ryoko."  Mayuka tugged on Tenchi's ear.  
"Ow, what?"  She patted him on the cheek.  "Oh, I'm sorry.  You're hungry, 
aren't you?"
	Mayuka gave out a cry of delight at the thought of getting food.  Tenchi 
carried her into the kitchen, passing Shadow Dog.  "Hello, Tenchi.  Sleep well?"
	He nodded.  "Yes, thanks."  Tenchi paused for a second, wondering how the 
bounty hunter had gotten so clean so quickly, and continued on his way.  Shadow 
Dog shrugged, and continued into the lounge.
	"Oh, hello, Kiyone.  Mihoshi."  The GP officers turned around from their 
spots on the couch, whatching him as he sat down next to them.  "Long day?"
	"Not as long as yours, apparently,"  Kiyone commented.
	Mihoshi asked, "Why is Tenchi all dirty?  He looks like he wrestled around 
in the mud, or something."
	"Oh, that.  Nothing, really.  We were just attacked by a demon calling 
itself the Bane of Dragons while you two were out on patrol,"  Shadow answered 
non-chalantly.  Kiyone and Mihoshi both stared at him.
	"What?  A demon?"  Shadow nodded.  "Why did it attack?  Do you know what 
it wanted?"
	Shadow growled, "Sasami.  He said he wanted Sasami."
	"Oh, my!"  Mihoshi cried.  "Where is Sasami?  She's okay, isn't she?"
	He nodded again.  "I don't think she really saw the demon.  Tenchi 
couldn't call on his Light Hawk Wings, so Lord Katsuhito had to stop it.  He 
didn't kill the thing, though.  It will be back."  He almost shivered.
	"Well, at least you got his name, this time."  Kiyone commented.
	Shadow raised an eyebrow.  "That means?"
	"That means I tried to find out who's putting the bounties out on Tenchi.  
You know what I found?  Nothing!  And I had to ask the one person I can not 
stand for a favor.  I can't believe you let that bounty hunter go.  What were 
you thinking, anyway?  All of this could be over, by now.  None of us would have 
to worry about some gun-toting psycho from the other side of the galaxy coming 
over to blow the house up!"
	"Stop it, Kiyone!"  Mihoshi stood, yelling at her partner.  Kiyone and 
Shadow stared at her in shock.  "Shadow was just trying to help us in the best 
way he knew how.  You shouldn't yell at someone for trying to help.  It's really 
rude!"  Mihoshi sat back down, tears forming on the edges of her eyes.  Kiyone 
and Shadow couldn't speak.  Niether of them had ever heard Mihoshi yell, except 
to whine or cry about how afraid she was.  Never had she raised her voice in 
anger, at anyone.  "He was just trying to help, Kiyone.  Please don't yell at 
him."
	"Mihoshi...,"  Kiyone was at a loss for words.  She sighed.  "You're 
right, Mihoshi.  I'm sorry.  I shouldn't take out my frustration on Shadow."  
She turned to him.  "I'm sorry, Shadow Dog.  I know that none of this was your 
fault.  I just..."
	Shadow shrugged.  "It's fine, Kiyone.  I'm sure you were just trying to do 
what you thought was the best way to help, as well.  But, it wouldn't have 
mattered if you took the bounty hunter in, or not."
	"What do you mean?"  
	"There is no way he would have told you the identity of his employer.  Not 
unless you were willing to pay him more than he was recieving for the 
assignment."
	Kiyone, sat there, thinking over what he had said.  "Well, is there anyway 
to find out if he was a member of the Hunter's Guild.  That would be a lot of 
help."
	Shadow smiled.  "At least that lead I can help you with.  No, I've never 
seen that man among the Hunters before.  He was definatly a private contractor.  
Probably hired directly..."
	"By the same person who hired you?"  Kiyone asked.  Shadow nodded.  "I 
know you can't tell us who hired you, Shadow, but if there's anything else you 
could tell me, I think it would help Tenchi.  It may just help all of us."
	Shadow sat in thought, and was about to say something before Tenchi walked 
in with Mayuka in his arms, Sasami standing next to him.  "Kiyone!  Mihoshi!"  
Sasami ran up to Mihoshi, hugging her.  "I'm so glad you're home in time for 
dinner."
	"So am I, Sasami,"  Mihoshi said.  "I'm really starving."
	There came a cry from the front door.  "Help!  Someone?  Please!"  
Everyone ran to the door, and say Nobuyuki walking in, Ayeka and Ryoko slung 
over his shoulders.  They were singing something, but no one could make out the 
words, much less a tune.  He sat them down on the floor, and promptly collapsed 
in front of the whole gathering.  
	"Dad?  What happened?"  Tenchi looked over the two girls.  Their faces 
were red, and he quickly backed away when he smelled their breath.  "Oh, I see."
	"Phew!  Saki!"  Sasami pinched her nose closed.  Tenchi handed her his 
daughter, and stood over Ryoko and Ayeka.
	"Tenchi?  Wha're ya doin all the way up there, Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked, 
looking up.  "When did you learn how ta fly?"
	"Hmm.  Ryoko, do you feel your feet?"  Ayeka turned her head and asked the 
other woman.  Tenchi just shook his head.  He wasn't totally suprised to see 
Ryoko this drunk, but he'd never seen Ayeka like this!  "I don't thin I can feel 
my... my... wha're they called, again?"
	"Feeths, you sthupid princesths,"  Ryoko tried to yell at her, but it came 
out a hoarse whisper.
	"Oh, yesss.  Thaths right."
	Sasami sighed.  "Looks like they won't be eating dinner, with us."
	"What's going on out here?"  Washu walked into the room.  She pushed 
passed everyone, viewing the sight.  "Why is Nobuyuki yelling like... oh.  I 
see."
	"Washu, Mihoshi, could you help me get dinner ready?"  Sasami asked them.  
The three left for the kitchen.
	"It was the strangest thing," Nobuyuki said.  "They came walking up from 
the bath, so drunk I could smell the saki before I saw them, singing something, 
and they just collapsed right in front of me."  
	"Come on, it's bed time, Princess."  Shadow Dog bent down and picked up 
Ayeka, Tenchi carrying Ryoko.
	"I think I left my briefcase out there."
	Ryoko wrapped her arms around Tenchi's neck as he carried her up the 
stairs.  "Tenchi, have I ever told you how much I love you?"  Tenchi nodded.
	"And I love you, too, Ten..." Ayeka looked up at the man carrying her.  
"Wait, you're not Tenchi?  You're Sha... Sha... what have you done with Tenchi?"  
She looked over his shoulders, trying to find the boy.
	Ryoko called down to her.  "He's over here, you idiot!"
	"I'm not an idiot.  I am the First Princesses of Jurai.  So, you are 
the... the... idiot!  That's the word!"
	Shadow Dog carried Ayeka into her room.  "Come on, you can yell at her all 
you want in the morning."
	"But, I want to yell at her now,"  Ayeka whined.
	"In the morning."
	The First Princesses of Jurai sighed.  "Very well, then.  Where's Tenchi, 
again?"
	Tenchi carried Ryoko up to his room.  She'd never asked for a room of her 
own, preferring the freedom of the rafters.  Tenchi suddenly wondered where she 
kept all of her clothes.  It was probably saner for him not to know.  He pushed 
the door to his room open with his foot, and set Ryoko down on his bed.  "Looks 
like I'll be sleeping on the futon, again," he sighed. Ryoko had fallen asleep 
before he even got her to his room.  Tenchi bent down, and kissed her on the 
forehead.  "I love you, Ryoko."
	Ryoko's arms warpped around Tenchi's neck, and she pulled him down and 
kissed him.  Tenchi's eyes shot open wide as he pulled away, Ryoko's mouth 
bending into a sly smile.  She was still awake.  "Ryoko?  Ryoko, come on, cut it 
out!"  Tenchi tried to pull away, but even drunk, Ryoko was much stronger than 
he was.  She kissed him again, and then let go, satisfied.
	"I love you, Tenchiii," she whispered before she finally fell asleep.  
Tenchi stood, scratching an itch on the back of his neck for a moment, and then 
couldn't help but smile.  He set his sword down on the shelf above his bed, and 
turned to walk out.  He closed the door as he quietly made his way out the door.

***

	Night came, again, like it always did.  Yosho shook his head as he looked 
out the window at the stars.  Sometimes it seemed a miracle that any of them saw 
another night.  "Do you think it was wise to tell Washu so much?"
	His old friend Shadow Dog, or Seayo, sat in a corner of the shrine office, 
covered in shadows.  "Yes, I do.  You should have seen her, Yosho.  She was 
angry, genuinly angry.  Not becuase it was a mystery she could not solve, 
either.  I think she was afraid."  
	Yosho's eyebrows raised.  "Afraid?  Of what?"
	Seayo shook his head.  "You've been out of practice too long, Yosho.  And 
you used to be so good at spotting another's fear.  Washu was afraid that if she 
didn't find out the answer, others would pay the price.  You know what that's 
like, Yosho."
	The prince nodded.  "Yes, I see."
	"No, Yosho.  You don't see."  Seayo stood, his red gem flashing.  "I'm 
beginning to think that she was right.  They deserve to know the truth.  We've 
been friends for a long time, Yosho.  I have never done anything to hurt that, 
in all of this time.  Please, tell them the truth."
	"And would you tell the truth you keep, Seayo?  The man who has put a 
bounty on my grandson's life?  Would you dare tell us that, even though the 
rules of your precious guild forbid it?"
	The red gem glowed with anger.  "I am not some honorless scalp dog.  I am 
a bounty hunter."
	"Hm.  I didn't think you would."
	Seayo turned, and melted into the shadows, without answering.  Yosho let 
the disguise of age slip over him again, and downed the last of his tea.  He was 
beginning to wish he had some saki.  He was starting to feel very alone in this.  
"What if he is right, Tsunami?  What if he is right?"


Author's Notes:  My shortest, and then my longest!  I'm glad I finally finished 
this one, too.  Now the plot really gets thick (especially in my own head!).  
Maybe I overcompensated a little on this for Part 4's length.  Anyway, I hope 
you enjoyed this chapter.  Please send any thoughts you have on this to 
killersquid@ticnet.com.  I'm desperate for feedback.                      

  
	       

		   
     

	
