Disclaimer:  I do not own any of the characters of Tenchi Muyo!  
They are owned by AIC and Pioneer North America.  I did not create 
them, and their use here is strictly for the enjoyment of myself 
and anyone who gets bored enough to read this.  In other words: 
Please don't sue my poor ass.

Tenchi Muyo!
From the Blood of the Gods-- Part 9:  City Beneath Light (or No 
Need for Washu)
by the Loneshark


	Washu sat in the darkness, going over the visions in her 
mind.  It was all true, she knew.  She finally knew the truth 
about herself, about what had happened so long ago.  Over twenty 
thousand years, well, closer to thirty thousand, had passed, and 
she had never been able to imagine the truth.  Her world had 
always been one of secrets, scientific and mathmatical studies, 
numbers, figures.  Everything had been concrete, and what wasn't 
was only waiting to be discovered.
	She had never been able to guess that she'd been a goddess.  
Her entire existence as a human being had been a lie.  Everything 
she'd thought was real wasn't.  Everything that could exist in the 
realm of fantasy did.  She didn't believe that Tokimi was a 
goddess when Yosho first told her.  Now, it was hard enough for 
Washu to believe that she was her sister.
	It was hard enough to believe that Tsunami was her sister.  
The goddess' words echoed in her head.  "You always were."  She 
know Washu would do this.  Tsunami knew all along that this is 
what Washu would go to in order to learn the truth.
	"Lady Washu?"  Achika's voice brought her back out of her 
thoughts.  Washu looked up from her position on the... floor.  Her 
legs were pulled up to her chest, her knees wet with tears.  "Lady 
Washu, you must be ready to move on."
	Washu stood, wiping her face dry with the back of her hands.  
"This is what has been happening to me, isn't it?  My body was 
reacting to Tokimi's manipulations of the universe."  She looked 
at her hand.  "It knew before I did that Tokimi is about to do 
something."
	Achika nodded.  "Please, Lady Washu.  You have to come with 
me.  Otherwise, you won't be able to help Tenchi and Ryoko."
	"Tenchi and Ryoko?  What are they going to do?"
	"They must face the one like them.  The other one born from 
the blood of the gods."

***

	Tenchi looked at the planet outside in the blackness.  
Grandfather had been able to show them a quick, easy way into 
Jurai territory, one that would bypass any security checkpoints.  
It was necassary to get to Jurai without anyone who might serve 
Tokimi noticing.  Tenchi had never seen the planet Jurai, before.  
He saw it for the first time, now, off in the distance.  A large, 
purple planet, surrounded by rings of... logs.  How could an 
entire culture's technology be based on trees?
	Again, Tenchi figured there were just some things in life he 
didn't understand.
	He felt, rather than saw, Ryoko standing next to him.  "It 
hasn't changed a bit," she said.
	"You can remember what it was like, down there?"  He noticed 
Ryoko shiver.  Idiot!  "I'm... I'm sorry.  I'm so stupid, 
sometimes."  The last time she had been there, she tried to 
destroy it.
	Ryoko shook her head.  "No, it's all right, Tenchi.  I was 
under Kagato's control, then.  Yes, I remember it.  It was all I 
could think about, for 683 years.  All I could do was sit in my 
cave and remember everything I had done, everything that bastard 
made me do.  I saw Jurai's sky, it's forests, it's buildings as 
they fell around me.  The sky burn, the people scream.  It was all 
I could see until..."
	"Until you saw me.  One day, when I was just a baby, and I 
saw you standing in front of your cave."
	Ryoko stared at him for a second.  "How... but I never told 
you."
	Tenchi nodded, and smiled, "You did tell me.  Did you know 
you talk in your sleep?"
	Ryoko flashed a feline grin.  "Why you little..." she 
laughed.  Tenchi loved the sound of her voice.  It was rich, 
beautiful.  She looked back at the planet as they neared it.
	"Ryoko, I'm sor--"
	"Shutup, Tenchi," Ryoko cut him off.  "You didn't break your 
promise.  We're right here, aren't we?  And it's going to stay 
that way.  >I< promise."  Before Tenchi could move, she reached 
over and hugged him.
	"Hey, kids, we need your help, you know."  Shadow inturrupted 
the moment, his smile as cool as usual.  "Ryoko, I need you to 
pilot Ryo-ohki around Jurai's capital city."
	Ryoko looked at him.  "Oh, well then, that'll be easy.  And 
no one will ever spot Ryo-ohki going past someplace like that!"  
The sarcasm in her voice was thick.
	Shadow and Tenchi scowled at her.  "Just go where I tell you, 
and we'll have no problems, okay?"  Ryoko shrugged, and followed 
Shadow, taking control of Ryo-ohki.  
	"Okay, Ryo-ohki, get ready!"  
	"Meow!"
	"I wonder where Ito Gasam went," Tenchi said to himself.  He 
stood in awe as Ryo-ohki broke through the planet's atmosphere. 
Yagami followed closely behind.  The sky was cast in a purplish 
hue, with stars twinklingabove as they descended.  The clouds 
seemed more like spider webs that clung to the sky.  Below them 
was an endless forest.  Nowhere were the buildings and skyscrapers 
that were so common on Earth.  No houses or farm lands dotted the 
countryside.  No great human structures or city rose from the 
ground.  Only trees.  A great sea of leafy canopies that rippled 
in the wind like water.  Tenchi struggled to find his breath.
	Yohso stood next to his grandsom.  After so long, he had 
returned to the home he thought he'd left behind.  "It's 
beautiful, isn't it, Tenchi?"  The young man nodded.  "I never 
thought I would see this place again."  He couldn't tell if that 
was a blessing, or a bane.
	Ryo-ohki came to a stop at a clearing on the edge of the 
forest.  Yagami landed in the field as everyone on Ryo-ohki was 
transported to the ground.  The spaceship shrank down into the 
cabbit.  Ryo-ohki jumped into Sasami's arms, and scurried to a 
place on top of her head.  Sasami giggled, "Thanks, Ryo-ohki."
	Mihoshi ran out of her ship, holding Mayuka.  "Hey, wait up!"  
She stopped in front of them, gasping for air.  Mayuka looked up, 
entranced by the beautiful sky.
	Ayeka looked around at the field.  "I remember this place.  
We're not far from the Royal Palace.  But, no one is allowed to 
come here.  They say it is haunted."
	"But, you have been here, Princess Ayeka?"  Shadow raised an 
eyebrow.  She nodded.  "Hm.  Suprising."  He walked to a large 
tree at the edge of the clearing, the others following.  "Lord 
Tenchi, point your sword at this tree.  The master key and I will 
do the rest."  Tenchi nodded, and pointed his sword.  Shadow Dog 
closed his eyes, and silently prayed.  The gem in his forehead 
began to glow, as did Tenchiken.  As the light grew, a hole opened 
up in the trunk of the tree.  It opened like a black, gaping maw.  
	"Shadow, what is that thing?"  Ryoko didn't like the look of 
it.  It reminded her too much of the cave.
	Shadow Dog opened his eyes, but the glow of his gem didn't 
fade.  "This will take us below the palace to the City of 
Twilight.  It's our main gate, but it won't stay open for long.  
Only the master key and my royal blood are keeping it open, so 
Tenchi will go first, and I will go in last.  Lord Yosho, you will 
have to drop your disguise when we get to the other side."  Tenchi 
looked from Shadow to his grandfather.  What was he talking about?  
"Okay, Tenchi.  After you."
	Tenchi walked up to the... hole, and put his hand in.  It 
didn't feel different.  It was more like... the light had just 
stopped.  Tenchi took a deep breath, and stepped through.

***

	Lord Hikage sank further down into his chair.  Things just 
could not get any worse.  The boy was becoming impossible to 
catch.  Either that, or his allies were becoming more incompetent.  
	"Don't worry, Hikage."  That song passed in his mind.  It was 
a melody he could not describe, something that transcended 
everything he knew.  "The time will come, soon.  You will have a 
reward for you service.  Keep trying.  The time will come."
	"What 'time'?"  Hikage muttered under his breath.  He opened 
his eyes, and looked at Mitsuki and Ito.  The bounty hunter turned 
his face away, while Mitsuki stared back, angrily.
	"Don't try blaming this on me.  It's your own toadie's fault 
that the boy got away.  Why did you take him, anyway?  D3 should 
have stopped you before you got out of your chair to take over 
this... idiot's will."
	"Is that the strongest insult you can muster, Mitsuki?  If 
so, then shut up."  Hikage squezzed his fist, and both Ito and 
Mitsuki fell to their knees.  From the corner of the room, Asagi 
looked on, smiling in perverse delight.  Now the favored ones of 
Tokimi would feel his pain at the hands of the Lord Hikage 
Unihasa.
	"It is the task given to all of us that the boy be taken 
alive.  I want you to go out there and get him, now.  I know he's 
already here on Jurai.  All you have to do is follow Tokimi's 
will, and you'll be led to him."
	"How...," Ito couched up blood onto the floor.  "How could 
you know he's here?"
	"Because this is where Tsunami's Guardian would bring her.  
They've gone below into the City of Twilight."
	Mitsuki stood, shakily, wanting to draw her gun and kill 
Hikage right here and now.  But her own body wouldn't obey her to 
do it.  She'd already tried it too many times.  "What the hell is-
-"
	"Just go below into the catacombs beneath the palace.  Asagi 
will ensure you get there safely.  Keep going down.  You'll run 
into them, eventually."
	"And just how are we supposed to get the boy?"
	"You don't have to," Hikage smiled.  He wondered why he 
hadn't thought of this sooner.  "Just lead him here.  Our Lady 
willing, I will be ready for him."  Hikage could already feel 
something changing inside him.  Something deep within his breast 
stirred, and hissed.  Soon, it would be time.

***

	It was like passing through darkness.  Everything was black, 
there was no light, no air, no feeling.  Everything had just 
stopped, for a second of time, and then he stood on the other 
side.  The chamber was dimly lit, shadowy crags  filling the 
corners and patterning the walls.  Ryoko followed after him, then 
Sasami and Ayeka, Mihoshi and Mayuka, Kiyone, Yosho, and then 
finally Shadow Dog.
	Ayeka looked up, and gasped.  Tenchi's gaze followed.  The 
chamber was lit by large roots poking through the rock of the 
cieling, giving off a calm light.
	Shadow noticed their reaction.  "We're far below the surface 
of Jurai, now.  The roots of the Royal Trees reach all the way 
down here, giving us light.  We can't stumble around in the dark, 
after all."  He looked to his old friend.  "Yosho, are you ready 
to draw back your viel?"	
	Everyone looked at the old man.  He nodded, and breathed in, 
relaxing the concentration it required to keep his visage. His 
form blurred, and then cleared again, showing a strong man in the 
prime of his life.
	Everyone, especially Tenchi, stared in disbelief.  "But... 
how... what is this?"
	"This is Tsunami's doing.  She changed my appearance long 
ago, so that I would be able to stay on Earth and try to live a 
normal life without causing suspicion among the people.  I lived 
like this for seven hundred years.  I guess it's about time I 
showed you the truth."
	Ayeka walked up to him, staring at his face.  That face she 
had searched the stars for.  "Brother, it's really you.  How I 
remember you."  She reached up to touch his face, but he grabbed 
her wrist, stopping her.  "But, why hide this from us?"
	"There are too many reasons to give, Ayeka.  Please, just let 
us get through this, and I promise we will discuss it."  He hugged 
her, and then joined Shadow.  "Lead the way, Seayo."
	Shadow nodded, and walked out of the chamber, the rest of the 
group following silently.  They walked out into a huge cavern, the 
City of Twilight laid out before them.  Great buildings rose out 
of and joined into the stone.  Archways led from one structure to 
another, passing under bridges.  The buildings rose up from a 
giant well.  The enitre city seemed to stretch in one great pit, 
with no top or bottom.  The great roots of the Ryoal Trees lined 
the walls of the caverns, bathing the city in a comfortingly cool 
light.
	A figure apporached fromt eh far end of the bridge in front 
of them.  Her face was pale, like Shadow's, with long dark hiar 
flowing down her back.  As she neared, there was a gem visible in 
her forehead, but it was blue, and circular.  She waved her arm.  
"Prince Seayo!"
	She ran up to Shadow Dog, and embraced him in a warm hug.  
Shadow returned the gesture.  "Hello, Reiko.  It's good to see you 
again."  
	She pulled away from him.  "You too, Lord Seayo."  She turned 
to Yosho.  "It is good to see you as well, Lord Yosho."
	Yosho smiled.  "I told you last time not to call me 'lord', 
Reiko.  There's no need for it.  I gave up my title along time 
ago."
	Reiko frowned at him.  "It's been seven hundred years, Lord 
Yosho.  You can't honestly expect me to remember a simple order 
like that."  She giggled, and looked at the others.  "You've 
brought visitors with you, I see."
	Shadow nodded, and pointed at Tenchi, "Reiko, this is Lord 
Yosho's grandson, Tenchi.  These others are Ryoko, Princess Ayeka, 
Mistress Sasami, Mayuka, Kiyone, and Mihoshi.  They are my 
friends, Reiko.  Don't worry abour keeping our secret."  He turned 
to the others.  "Reiko is our Captain of the Guard.  She's a 
little paranoid of strangers, so you'll have to forgive her."
	Reiko elbowed him in the ribs.  "You're being unfair, Seayo."  
She walked up to Tenchi, and hugged him.  Tenchi jumped slightly, 
while Ryoko ground her teeth and growled. 
	"Hey, what do you think you're doing?"  Her energy sword 
appeared in her hands.  Reiko remained unphased, and hugged Ryoko.  
The demoness looked at the girl, confused.  "What the..."  Reiko 
hugged everone but Mayuka and Sasami in turn, causing many cries 
of suprise.  "Kind of a sneaky way to check for weapons," Kiyone 
commented after her hug.  Reiko smiled at her.
	"My, you picked some clever friends, Seayo."  She bent down, 
and smiled at Sasami.  "Hello, Sasami.  You're a little cutie, 
aren't you?"
	Sasami smiled back.  "Thank you, Miss Reiko."  Reiko patted 
Ryo-ohki on the head.
	"Please, just call me Reiko."  She looked at Shadow.  "So, 
this is what took you from us so long ago?  You have very strange 
tastes, Seayo," she teased.  
	Shadow frowned at her.  "Reiko, Mistress Sasami is the mortal 
avatar of Tsunami."
	The Twilight Person's eyes widened.  "Oh, my.  That's why she 
carries so much Light with her."
	"Reiko, please, we need to gain access to the temple.  My 
mistress is in danger, and there's only one place right now where 
she can be safe."
	Reiko nodded.  "I see.  You need the Chrysalis."  She walked 
away.  "Follow me, then."
	They followed her towards the center of the city, to the 
center of the buildings that rose up from the abyss.  All around 
them were the Twilight People.  They looked as varied as any other 
race, except for their pale white skin and the gems in their 
foreheads. 
	Tenchi swallowed a lump in his throat.  Reiko kept glancing 
back at him, and another vien could be seen in Ryoko's head each 
time.  "Um, Ryoko?  Please, behave," Tenchi whispered.
	Ryoko looked at him, a little hurt.  "What?  What did I do?"
	Ayeka shook her head, "Ryoko, please.  You should know 
better, by now."
	Ryoko stuck her tounge out at the princess.  "Fine."
	Reiko led them to a large pillar in the center of the city.  
It was smaller than the others, supported by large stone archways 
and stalagtites both above and below it.  Bridges connected to 
openings around the base of the temple.  As they approached, other 
people seemed to move away, until they could no longer be seen.  
It made Tenchi shiver, slightly.
	They walked into a great hall.  Stone pillars all around them 
showed depictions of great men and beast, clouds of shadows and 
darkness, and suns eclipsed by moons and gods.  "Wow, it's 
beautiful!"  Mihoshi and Mayuka stared at the carvings.
	Shadow nodded.  "This is our main temple.  You are the first 
outsiders in nearly four thousand years to be here."  Reiko led 
them to the end.  Two large, stone doors stood in front of them, 
without decoration or marking.  Shadow Dog walked up to the doors, 
and placed his palm on it.  His gem glowed intensly, but briefly, 
and the great doors opened.
	The chamber inside was another circle.  On a raised dias 
stood a large, blue crystal, it's surface shining like water.  
Shadow had seen it many times before, but even now was still in 
awe of it.  It was so blue.  Liek the sky of Earth.
	"That's it?"  Sasami asked.  
	"Yes, this is the Chrysalis Obscura," the voice made everyone 
jump.  They turned around to see an old, wrinkled man standing 
behind them.  His hair was as white as his skin, and the black gem 
in his forehead reflected the light of the Chrysalis.  "Hello, 
Lord Seayo, Lord Yosho.  It has been many years.  I wondered if 
you would ever return."
	"You were the ones who first told us the legends of Lady 
Tokimi, Master Takashi," Yosho bowed his head.  "You knew we would 
have to come back, some day."
	The old man nodded.  "Maybe I did."  He walked suprisingly 
swift for his frame.  He walked up to Sasami, and looked at her.  
His gem glowed with a black light, and Ryo-ohki yealped and ran 
over to Ryoko, hiding behind her feet.  Sasami looked back, and 
the marks on her forehead glowed.  Takashi knelt on one knee, and 
bowed his head.  "I thank you, for honoring me with your presence, 
Lady Tsunami."
	Sasami nodded.  "But, what about my family?  What am I 
supposed to do?"
	"The Chrysalis will protect you from Tokimi, but you will not 
be able to communicate.  There is nothing in the Chrysalis but 
silence.  Do you truly wish to do this?"
	Sasami looked at the great crystal behind her, and back to 
her family.  "No, but I will."  She turned,and walked up to the 
Chrysalis.  She paused, closing her eyes.  "Shadow," she spoke 
through their link.  "Please, guard Tenchi and the others for me.  
You've already helped me so much.  Take care of them."
	"Of course, Mistress."
	Sasami stepped up to the crystal.  The surface rippled as she 
moved into it.  She turned, looking back one last time, and 
plunged herself in.  She thought she heard her sister cry out to 
her, but there was only silence as the Chyrsalis pulled her in.  
Then there was only slumber.
	No one said a word.  Sasami was suspened in the center of the 
great crystal.  Master Takashi stood to his feet.  Shadow reached 
up, and touched the surface of the Chrysalis.  It was stone hard, 
and just as cold.  
	Ayeka's voice was shakey.  "Shadow, is she..."
	"She will be fine, Princess Ayeka.  She is safer here than 
anywhere else."  He turned, and looked at Tenchi.  "Well, now it's 
your call, Tenchi.  I don't know how we're going to find Tokimi, 
much less how to face her."
	Yosho looked up at the cieling of the temple.  "I think we 
should go up, to the Royal Palace."  Tenchi looked up.  He felt 
something, like a push.  A gentle urging toward... what?  The 
palace? 
	"Tokimi," he whispered the name.  He nodded.  "I think you're 
right, Grandpa.  Whatever we're looking for, it's up there."
	Reiko smiled.  Ryoko's eyes narrowed at the Twilight person.  
"Why do you keep staring at him?"  She floated over to the girl.  
"What is it?"
	"Ryoko--!"
	Reiko raised a hand.  "It's all right."  She looked at Ryoko 
calmly.  "I see his power.  He carries great strength within 
himself.  Like you do."  
	Ryoko was taken by suprise, and then backed away.  She 
smiled, slightly.  "Good enough."  Tenchi just shook his head.  
	Shadow cleared his throat, "Well, in that case, we should get 
going."  Everyone but Master Takashi and Ayeka turned to leave.  
Tenchi stopped, and looked back.
	"Ayeka?"
	She stood still, staring up at her sister.  "I'm not going 
with you, Tenchi."  
	"Ayeka, what are you doing?"  Ryoko yelled.
	"She's my sister.  No matter what, I have to be here for 
her."  She turned around.  Ryoko felt sorry for yelling.  She 
could see the tears at the edge of the princess's eyes.  "Please, 
allow me to stay by her.  I... I want to go with you, Tenchi, 
Ryoko.  I want to help both of you, but I can not leave Sasami."
	"Miya?"  Ryoko looked down at Ryo-ohki.  The cabbit pouted at 
her.  "Miya meow miya."
	Ryoko smiled.  "You want to stay too, Ryo-ohki?  Go on, 
then."  The cabbit smiled, and bounded over to Ayeka.  Ryoko took 
Mayuka from Mihoshi's arms.  "Ayeka, please look after her, also."  
She handed her Tenchi's daughter.  Ayeka took the child in her 
arms.  
	"Of course, Ryoko.  Don't worry about me.  I'll be fine."
	"Are you sure this is what you want to do, Ayeka?"  Yosho 
asked her one last time.  
	She nodded.  "Yes, Brother.  I... know I have to be here."
	"Good luck, Ayeka.  We'll be back as soon as we can."  Tenchi 
turned, and walked out of the chamber, the others following him.
	Ayeka turned to Mayuka.  "Wave bye bye, Mayuka."  The infant 
waved goodbye to her father and family as they left.  The large 
doors closed behind them.
	Tenchi looked at the doors.  He couldn't help but feel regret 
at leaving Ayeka back there.  He felt a hand on his shoulder, and 
turned around.  Ryoko looked at him, smiling.  The sight forced 
him to smile.  "Ryoko, before we go, there's something I need to 
do."
	"What is it?"
	Tenchi took a step back from her.  "Close your eyes."  Ryoko 
shut her eyes.  Tenchi pointed the hilt of Tenchiken at her, and 
prayed.  The two gems in the hilt glowed, and then disappeared.  
They reappeared on Ryoko's right wrist, and in the neck of her 
battle suit.  Ryoko opened her eyes, and gasped.  
	"Ten... Tenchi?  What are you doing?"
	"It's something I decided I had to do, Ryoko.  You need to be 
at your full power for whatever we're going to face ahead.  I 
trust you, Ryoko.  Besides, I wouldn't want you to be unable to be 
there for me just because I was forgetful about your gems."  
	Ryoko hugged him, and small tear falling down her cheek.  
"Thank you, Tenchi."
	"Can we get going, already?"  Mihoshi said.  "I want to see 
what Tokimi looks like."  Everyone stared at her.  "Well, It's 
just that I've been wondering what she looks like.  I just think 
that she must be very pretty, that's all."
	The following dead silence was inturrupted by shouting.  
"Captain Reiko!"  A young man ran up to  Reiko, bowing in front of 
her.  "You must come, quickly.  Some kind of... creature just came 
through the main gate."
	"What?!"  Reiko followed the man.  Shadow turned to Tenchi 
and Yosho.
	"I should go help them.  This is my city, after all."
	"Then we'll go with you," Kiyone pumped her rifle.

***

	She remembered the last time she saw her sister.  Tokimi had 
never looked so sad, crouched over the dead soul.  Already, it had 
begun to fade, pieces breaking off into oblivion.  "Tokimi?"
	Her sister's head rose, bearing so much pain and sorrow that 
Washu was almost forced to look away.  "Tokimi, I know you grieve, 
but this is too much.  You're in danger of losing youself."
	"You know nothing of what I feel, Washu." She tried to caress 
the dead man's face, but her hand passed through it.  "He was my 
son.  Not like Tsunami's little tree people.  I made him from my 
blood, my soul.  He's dead now, and so is a part of me.  And it's 
all her fault."
	"You're not being fair to Tsunami, sister.  Your son gave in 
to the Darkness.  He had to be stopped."  Washu gently took her 
sister's wrist, trying to pull her away.  "Please, Tokimi.  Let 
him go.  He was gone to you long before now."
	Tokimi stood, and looked down at the decaying soul.  She 
turned to her sister.  Washu almost fell back from the look in 
Tokimi's eyes.  The pain was changing into hate, and the rage of 
grief.  "Help me, Washu.  Tsunami took him from me, help me take 
her children from her.  She took my son.  She deserves it, all of 
it and more."
	Washu let go of her sister, and backed away.  "Tokimi, no.  
Don't give in to your grief.  You're losing yourself."
	"She is already gone, sister," Tsunami appeared behind her.  
"If you want to destroy me, sister, then do so.  I do not blame 
you for your hate."  Tsuanmi walked up to Tokimi, and placed her 
sister's hand on her chest.  "Please.  I did not want to kill your 
son."
	Tokimi's eyes burned.  "What are you doing?  Tsunami, what is 
it that you want?  Why do you mock me?"
	Tsunami shook her head.  "No, sister.  I do not mock you.  I 
can not bare the pain destroying his soul has brought me.  Please, 
stop the pain."
	Tokimi took a step back, her power gathering around her hand.  
"Gladly."
	Washu screamed at them.  "No, stop this!  This is all wrong.  
Tsunami, there is no need for this!"  She put herself between her 
sisters.  "Tokimi, stop this.  Your emotions are blinding you."
	"No, sister.  I see more clearly than ever.  Move, or I will 
destroy you both."
	Washu drew her power into herself, and released it.  This was 
the only thing she could do.	Tokimi whatched as her sisters 
disappeared from her, forever.  She fell to her knees, the 
destructive forces still begging for release.  She shut them off, 
and screamed.

	"Washu?"  Tsunami called out into the blackness.  "Washu, 
what have you done?"
	"I did what I had to do, Tsunami.  Just as you did."
	"But I wanted her to kill me.  I... I don't want to live with 
this pain inside of me."
	"You can't blame yourself for what you did, Tsunami.  
Tokimi's son had to be put down.  He was no longer a man.  He'd 
become a beast."
	"But I--"
	"The pain will fade, Tsunami.  Pain doesn't last forever."
	"Why do you always have to be the older sister."
	"It is what I do.  Just as you did what you had to do."
	There was a long silence between them before Tsunami spoke 
again.  "What are we to do, now?"
	"I have been considering mortality.  I'm curious about it."
	"And me?"
	"As I've said to you before, Tsunami, choose your own path.  
That's what having power means."

***

	The Bane of Dragons patiently whatched the frightened little 
men around him.  They all bore power, power used by the burning 
dog-man.  He must have found their lair.  Why would they bring the 
goddess-child here?
	Shadow Dog looked down the chamber, and gasped.  "You!"  He 
and the others ran up past the guards.  The Bane of Dragons sat in 
front of the main gate, whatching as they approached.  "What are 
you doing here, demon?  How did you follow us?"  A deep growl rose 
from the back of Shadow's throat.
	"You again?"  Ryoko stood next to Shadow, her sword in her 
hands.  "You won't get Sasami.  You should have learned from last 
time."
	"Were is Funaho's child?"  Shadow and Ryoko jumped, slightly.  
"I have no interest in you.  Where is he?"
	Yosho pushed passed the crowd, and stood in front of the 
Bane.  "What is it that you want, demon?  Still looking for your 
revenge against my mother?"
	The Bane stood, showing the mark on it's chest.  Yosho looked 
at it, unmoved.  "So, you are officially working for our enemy?"
	The Bane of Dragons grunted in slight pain.  "I do not care 
for your goddess, Funaho's child.  If I had my way, I would rend 
you limb from limb were you stand.  But, because I tried to sell 
my soul for my freedom, and failed, the Lady Tokimi placed her 
mark upon me.  Now, she owns my soul, but not my will."  It fell 
to one knee, and breathed, trying to regain it's strength.  "I do 
not wish to kill Sasami.  Tokimi's mark is killing me, slowly.  
Soon, it will consume my soul."  It rose again, filling it's large 
chest with air.  "I do not wish to die on my knees, human.  I 
can... take you to Tokimi's servants on this planet.  She may know 
of my deciet, but they will not."
	Yosho surveyed the beast.  "Why are you helping us, really?"
	It flashed a fanged smile.  "Because of your descendant, the 
boy," It raised a clawed finger, pointing at Tenchi.  "He has much 
power in him, as does the devil-girl," it's yellow eyes glanced at 
Ryoko.  "I want to see Tokimi die, choking on her own blood.  They 
seem like they could accomplish it."
	"Fine, if vengeance is what you want, then you'll have to 
prove good on your word."  Shadow turned to Reiko.  "Can you lead 
us to the catacombs above?"
	She shook her head.  "Not with that thing here.  You'll have 
to take the back door up.  It's not quiteas far, and you'll go 
strait there."
	Shadow nodded.  "Thank you, Reiko."  He moved past the Bane, 
feeling along the walls of the chamber.  He finally stopped, and 
pushed.  The stone easily gave way, showing a large corridor.  
"Ryoko, if you would lead the way?"
	"Why me?"
	"Because you're energy discharge can give off enough light to 
act as a torch."  As Ryoko tentatively walked up to the corridor, 
Shadow pushed her in.  "Go on, there's no traps."
	Ryoko shrugged him off, forming a ball of energy in her hand.  
Tenchi walked up beside her, glancing at the Bane of Dragons.  
It's eyes made him shiver.  He felt the hilt of his sword for 
comfort.  Mihoshi and Kiyone followed, pausing in front of Shadow 
Dog.  "Don't worry," he said.  "Yosho and I will bring up the 
rear."  Both GP's looked at the Bane, and followed Tenchi and 
Ryoko.  "Well, Bane of Dragons, do you want your revenge?"
	The Bane snorted, and crawled into the corridor.  Yosho and 
Shadow exchanged nervous glances, and followed the group.  The 
stone closed behind them, preventing anyway back.  There was 
nowhere to go but forward, now.

***

	Mitsuki kicked a stone down the corridor.  "This is the 
absolute lowest point in my life," she muttered.  Not only did she 
not have her soul, but she was stuck with the two most incompitent 
servants a goddess could pick.  "Why did you two get chosen to 
serve her?"
	"It wasn't Tokimi.  Lord Hikage chose us to serve, if you've 
forgotten," Ito sneered at her.
	Mitsuki shook her head.  "Whatever.  You're still 
imcompitent."
	Asagi appeared in front of them, startling Mitsuki.  "Are you 
two ready for them?"  They nodded in unison.  "Good.  Just 
remember the way back to my Lord's chambers, and he will handle 
the rest from there.  I will make sure that there is no one to 
block the way back."  He looked over his shoulder, down the 
tunnel.  "They're coming, now."
	He disappeared in a small flash of light.  Mitsuki held her 
nose shut, crying out as she almost slipped in a puddle of water.  
"Why does it have to smell, down here?"
	Ito's sigil burned on the back of his left hand.  It was 
responding to his anger.  "Stop your complaining.  This is 
supposed to possess the element of suprise.  They'll hear your 
whining."
	Mitsuki wanted to yell at him, but didn't.  He was right, 
which only made her even angrier.

	They had been walking for so long, already.  Tenchi thought 
that they'd never get to the palace, but felt... something as they 
had traveled upward.  Something like... distortion.  They'd been 
transported up as they traveled.  It didn't suprise him.  The 
planet was probably riddled with the Twilight People's gates.
	The Bane of Dragons mumbled something under it's breath, and 
then stopped.  "Hold."  Everyone stopped dead in their tracks, and 
looked at it.  It smiled, showing gleaming fangs.  "They are near.  
Tokimi's servants are very close, now.  They hope to suprise us, 
in these tunnels."  It grunted, and clutched it's chest.  The mark 
glowed, burning.
	Tenchi felt a small pang of sympathy for the beast.  Tokimi's 
power was killing it, just as she'd destroyed Azusa's sanity.  He 
couldn't imagne what that must have felt like, but didn't want to.  
	Ryoko turned around.  "Well then, we shouldn't keep them 
waiting."  The group moved on up the corridor.  A faint light 
could be seen up ahead, but it was too dim to make out any 
features beyond.  Ryoko closed her hand around the ball of energy, 
forming her sword.  Tenchi could feel something ahead of them, 
just like when he felt Mitsuki coming towards Earth.  He activated 
the blade of his sword.  Ryoko looked at him.  "Tenchi?"
	"I can sense them, too."
	Ryoko looked back up the tunnel.  Two shapes moved out of the 
shadows.  Kiyone pumped her rifle, and Mihoshi drew her gun.  Even 
with only a little light, it wasn't difficult to make out their 
faces.  Ito Gasam turned his hand into energy.  In the yellow 
light, Tenchi could see his face twist into something between a 
sneer and a grin.  Mitsuki's forcefield flashed with anger.  
"Tenchi Masaki.  I told you we would meet again."  He held out his 
hand, and the energy blast shot at Tenchi.  The triangles on his 
forehead, the marks of power, glowed, and the engery blast was 
deflected off of the Light Hawk Wings.  It came back at Ito, and 
fizzled out as it hit Mitsuki's forcefield.  The bounty hunter 
laughed, and he and his partner fled towards the light.  "Ha!  
Catch us if you can, Masaki!"
	Ryoko growled, and flew after them.  "Ryoko, wait!"  Tenchi 
was too late to stop her.  "Dammit!"  He ran after, followed by 
the others.  "Ryoko, stop!  It could be a trap!"
	Ryoko slowed to let them catch up, but still kept going.  "I 
know that."  She dodged another one of Ito's energy blasts.  The 
ground next to her exploded upward.  The whole group broke through 
to the light at the end of the tunnel.  It was dim, thankfully.  
Yosho looked around, recognizing the place almost immediatly.
	"This is one of the chambers below the Royal Palace.  This is 
where dead knights are prepared for burial."
	"Then it looks like you were right about someone in the 
Palace being one of Tokimi's servants," Kiyone said.  Yosho 
nodded.
	Shadow had a bad feeling that he knew who it was.  "No," he 
thought to himself.  "I can't keep thinking that.  I killed him, I 
know I did."  He didn't bother to look around, instead heading for 
the doorway.  "We need to keep going.  They're leading us into a 
trap, but we have no choice if we want to find Tokimi."
	They walked out into a hallway.  Ito and Mitsuki stood at the 
end.  Ito's laughing echoed down the hallway, grating on Mitsuki's 
nerves.  The bounty hunter was enjoying this too much.  "Still 
with us, Masaki?"
	"Why don't you come over here and face us, Ito Gasam?"  
Shadow erupted in black fire, changing into his hound form.  He 
growled, deep. 
	Ito frowned at him.  "Sorry, I can't oblige, just yet."  He 
threw another blast of energy at Shadow's feet.  The ground 
exploded in font of him, sending dust and rocks into his eyes and 
throat.  Shadow coughed, and followed as they proceeded.  Ito's 
annoying laugh led them up through the halls of the palace.  
	Ryoko looked back at Yosho.  "Hey, Yosho, where are all the 
guards?  We haven't seen anyone since we got here."
	He nodded.  "I know, Ryoko.  They obviously don't want anyone 
interfering."  They ran up stairs and through halls, past darkened 
chambers and dead guards.  Yosho couldn't help but feel a chill as 
they chased their enemies.  It was as if a cloud of darkness had 
fallen over the entire palace.  Something had smothered the life 
out of it.
	
	Asagi patiently sat in the corner of the office, whatching 
his master.  Lord Hikage stood in front of the looking out at the 
setting sun.  As the light bathed Hikage's face, Asagi could see 
>something< wrong.  Something that jsut shouldn't be.  Hikage's 
face... the flesh seemed to move.  It rippled, as if it was the 
surface of water, or it had a life of it's own.  Or there was 
something underneath it.
	"Master Hikage?"
	Hikage's face twisted into a familiar, wicked smile.  "Don't 
fear me, Asagi.  I can feel the blessing of our Lady Tokimi 
descending upon me.  Time draws near."  He looked down at his left 
fist, opening and closing it.  The sigil on the back glowed, 
pulsing with Hikage's heartbeat.  He could feel it growing 
stronger.  Something he couldn't explain, but at the same time he 
knew intimately.
	"Master, I can feel them approaching.  They will be here 
soon."
	Hikage nodded.  "Yes.  They will fight, and die."
	"Sir...?"
	"Don't interfere, Asagi.  Your own usefulness has ended, but 
you have served me well.  You may leave with your life, when it is 
all over."
	Asgai bowed his head.  "Thank you, Master."

***

	"I did not sign up for this crap," Mitsuki cursed.  She could 
hear them, now.  The boy and his friends were catching up.  What 
the hell was that monster with them?  She'd never seen it before, 
and neither had Gasam.  Whatever it was, Mitsuki didn't want to 
get near it.  They came to the end of the halls, stopping in front 
of Hikage's chamber doors.  Ito pushed on the door.  It didn't 
budge.
	His eyes widened.  He pushed harder.  It still wouldn't move.  
Mitsuki groaned in annoyance.  "Out of my way, you idiot."  She 
pushed him aside, and raised her left hand.  Her sigil glowed as 
she summoned the power Lady Tokimi had given her.  Mitsuki pushed 
against the door with a force that should have shattered it to 
splinters.  It didn't even scratch the varnish.  Mitsuki's face 
turned ashen.  "What... what is this?"  She slammed her fist into 
the door, ignoring the pain that shot through her arm.  "Hikage!  
Open this door now, damn you!"  She pounded her fists against it.  
Ito made no move to stop her.  He looked back down the corridor, 
waiting for their pursuers to catch up.
	"It's only a matter of time before they catch up to us, 
Mitsuki."
	Tears ran down the sides of her face.  How could this happen?  
"Damn it, It's not supposed to end like this."  She turned around 
just as Tenchi Masaki and his friends turned the corner.  Mitsuki 
could only see red.  "It's all your fault."  Her voice made even 
Ito jump.
	Tenchi stopped cold in his tracks.  The woman, Mitsuki, 
looked directly at him, her eyes burning with hate.  "It's all 
your fault, Masaki!  If Tokimi wasn't so dead set on getting you, 
I wouldn't be here!"  She screamed, and flew at him, her 
forcefield glowing.  Kiyone jumped in front of Tenchi, and let 
loose with a burst of auto-fire in front of Mitsuki.  In her 
blindness, Mitsuki reflexively backed away from Kiyone's fire, 
dust and stone rising up from the gournd in front of her.  She 
glared at Kiyone.  "What are you doing?"
	Kiyone met her eyes.  "You've gone too far, Mitsuki.  You've 
lost your mind."  Mitsuki screamed, and charged again.  Kiyone 
threw down her rifle, and hoped her gut feeling was right.  She 
held her ground, and as Mitsuki charged her, she slammed her fist 
into the woman's stomach.  Mitsuki fell to the ground, coughing.
	She looked up at Kiyone.  "Wha...?"  Kiyone kicked her across 
the face, sending her across the chamber into the door.
	"Your shield may have blocked energy weapons, Mitsuki, but I 
was hoping it wouldn't stop a good, old-fashioned punch."  She 
walked up to Mitsuki, Mihoshi covering her with her gun.  Kiyone 
knelt down in front of her.  She couldn't smile at this, no matter 
how much she hated Mitsuki.  The renagade GP was a broken person.  
"I was right, too."  She pulled a pair of handcuffs out of her 
pocket, and put them around Mitsuki's wrists.
	Ito looked on, disdainfully.  "I always knew she was too 
pathetic."  He formed his right arm into a blade of energy.  "So, 
boy, do you think you can take me, again?"
	Ryoko bared her fangs, "What's there to think about?"  She 
threw a blast of energy at Ito.  He changed into a blast of 
energy, moved to the side, and changed back all in the space of a 
second, and dodged Ryoko's blast.  Shadow Dog circled around him 
as Ryoko threw another blast.  Ito evaded it, rushing at Shadow.  
He swung his own energy blade at the hound.
	Shadow Dog jumped back, trying to find an opening.  He swiped 
at Ito with his claws.  The energy blade cut across the hound's 
arm, leaving a bleeding wound.  Shadow yelled, and jumped back, 
balancing back on his remaining three legs.  Ito ducked as three 
more energy blasts came at him, and brought his blade up to block 
Tenchi's sword.  The power of the blades crackled in the air 
around them.  Ito pushed Tenchi back, and swung.  Tenchi's sword 
met Ito's blocking each attack.  
	Ito fell to the ground as Shadow pounced on him, holdng the 
bounty hunter to the ground.  The black fire burned Ito's flesh, 
and he gritted his teeth, trying not to cry out.  His energy sword 
turned back into a hand, and Tenchi stood above him, the blue 
blade of his sword pointed at Ito's neck.
	Yosho walked up to them, looking down at the bounty hunter's 
left hand.  On the back of it burned the sigil of Lady Tokimi.  
"Ryoko, I need you to do something."  
	"What is that?"
	He pointed at Ito's hand.  "You see the sigil on his hand?"  
Ryoko nodded.  "Cut the hand off."
	Everyone looked at him in suprise.  "Granfather, what are 
you--?"
	"Trust me, Tenchi.  I have to know if this will work."  He 
looked at Ryoko.  "Be sure to use enough power to cauterize the 
wound.  You may have to cut it slowly."
	Ryoko nodded, her sword forming in her hand.  He gems glowed 
as she cut through Ito wrist, lopping off the hand.  The power 
bruned the flesh, searing the flesh shut.  Ito screamed as a 
bright light erupted from his eyes and mouth.  Shadow changed back 
to his humaniod form, and jumped away, clutching his arm.  Tenchi 
moved away, shielding his eyes from the light.  When it was over, 
Ito laid his head against the ground.
	"Tokimi?"  He whispered, calling out to the name.  He 
couldn't feel it, anymore.  Her will... it was gone.  "She's gone.  
I can't feel her, anymore."  He closed his eyes, falling into 
slumber.  the hand next to him burned away in a small, blue fire.
	Tenchi stared at the fallen man.  "Grandpa, what... what 
happened to him?"
	"I think I was right.  If Lady Tokimi's sigil can be cut off, 
then her grip on the person's soul is also cut off.
	Shadow knelt down beside the man, feeling for a pulse on his 
neck.  He nodded.  "You may be right.  He's alive, but we won't 
know for certain if he really is out from under Tokimi's power 
until he awakens."  Shadow looked at the door in front of them.  
What were they trying to get to?
	"Kiyone?"  Mihoshi's voice carried worry.  Her partner stood 
over Mitsuki with her gun drawn, pointing it as Mitsuki's head.  
"Kiyone, please, calm down."
	Kiyone's hand shook, slightly.  "Kiyone?  Are you... are you 
all right?"  Tenchi asked her.  Everyone looked at her.  Tears 
formed at the edge of her eyes.  
	"You don't know... how much I've hated her.  How much she's 
done to me."
	Mitsuki stared up at her.  "What are you waiting for, Kiyone?  
Kill me, now.  I promise I'll kill you if you don't.  I've hated 
you, too.  I've always hated you.  That's why I tortured you out 
entire lives.  Don't you remember, when I beat the hell out of 
you?  When I used your first partner as a human shield?  Now's 
your chance to get back at me, Kiyone.  Go on.  Do it."
	"Shut up, you bitch!"  Mihoshi screamed at her.  Everyone 
except Kiyone jumped.  Mihoshi had never done that.  "Kioyne, 
please, don't.  She not worth it.  She not worth any of it."
	Kiyone looked at Mihoshi out of the corner of her eye, and 
tensed her jaw.  She fired the gun.
	Mitsuki yelled in pain as the laser cut through her wrist, 
taking off her hand.  Kiyone stood over her, the barrel of her gun 
smoking in her hand.  She threw it aside, and put her head on 
Mihoshi's shoulders.  The two women hugged each other, Kiyone 
trying not to cry.  It didn't work.
	Shadow knelt down next to Mitsuki, a small black flame 
appearing in the palm of his hand.  He grabbed Mitsuki's left 
wrist, the blood sputring out into her lap and on his arm.  He 
pressed the black flame against the wound, cauterizing it.  
Mitsuki yelled again,  and hung her head.  "So much for goading 
her, eh?"  He threw the woman's wrist down, and stood over her, 
whatching her hand burn away just as Ito's had done.
	"Tenchi?"  Ryoko tapped him on the shoulder.  Tenchi turned 
around, seeing Ryoko point at the door in front of them.  It was 
opened, slightly.  "That wasn't open before, was it?"  Tenchi 
shook his head.  
	"Hmm, looks like we're about to find what we were looking 
for," Shadow's gem glowed.
	"Grandpa, please, take this."  Tenchi handed his sword to his 
grandfather.  "I have the Light Hawk Wings, but..."
	Yosho nodded, accepting the sword.  "Don't worry, Tenchi.  
I'll be right behind you."
	The Bane of Dragons walked up to the door, sniffing it.  It 
rumbled in pleasure.  "Yes.  She is close.  Tokimi... Now, I will 
have my revenge."  It looked back at the others.  "Are you ready, 
human?"
	Tenchi nodded, the marks of power on his head glowing.  
"We're ready."
	Ryoko yelled, "Get on with it, demon."
	Shadow looked at Mihoshi and Kiyone.  "Mihoshi, please take 
care of Kiyone.  We'll be back as soon as possible.  I promise."  
Mihoshi smiled, and nodded.
	The Bane of Dragons grunted as it pushed the heavy double 
doors open.  "Why won't these bastards turn the lights on?"  Ryoko 
mumbled to herself as they walked in.  Through the large balcony 
windows on the other side of the room, the last streaks of 
sunlight could be seen painting the sky.  It filtered in through 
the glass, casting the room in a blue glow.  They all could 
perfectly see the man sitting behind the desk, his hands clasped 
in front of him, his eyes closed, and a smile parting his lips.  
	Shadow growled.  "No,  you're supposed to be dead."  
	Hikage opened his eyes.  They glowed with pinpoints of light.  
"I thought the same of you, Seayo.  A pity you've doomed yourself 
in your desperate mission to protect you mistress."
	"Wait, what are talking about?"  Ryoko looked back and forth 
between the two men.  "Shadow, what is he talking about?"
	"He is Tokimi's servant," the Bane hissed, "What more do you 
need?"
	Hikage stood.  Energies could be seen gathering around his 
hands and eyes.  "My Lady awaits your presence, Tenchi Masaki.  Do 
you want to keep her waiting?"
	Tenchi's power focused into his hand as a large, white sword.  
"Why does she want me?"
	The power around Hikage grew.  A howling came seemingly from 
nowhere, filling the room.  The time had come.  "Now, you shall 
see Lady Tokimi.  She who's power is absolute."
	"Ah, to hell with you!"  Ryoko shot a blast of energy at the 
man.  It was sucked into the vortex that appeared in front of him.  
The whirling mass of space grew in front of Hikage, pulling 
everyone from their feet.  Yosho yelled as he slammed into the 
door, his body pressing against it.  
	"Tenchi!"  He whatched as his grandson, Ryoko, Shadow, and 
the Bane of Dragons were pulled off of their feet, and flung threw 
the air into the vortex.  There was a moment of blinding light.  
The force threw Yosho back into the first chamber, his hand still 
gripping the sword Tenchiken.  When the light was gone, the office 
of Lord Hikage was empty.  Yosho stared at the deserted room, not 
wanting to believe it.  "They're gone..."
	"What?"  Mihoshi still held Kiyone in the corner of the outer 
chamber, her partner haveing fallen asleep from exhaustion.  
"But... but Grandpa... I mean, Lord Katsuhito... I mean..." 
Mihoshi's eyes strarted to well with tears.  
	Yosho stood, shakily.  "Where, where have you taken them, 
Tokimi?"
	"To meet their fate."  Yosho turned around to meet the deep, 
fearsome voice.  His father stood int he doorway of the chamber, 
the large sword in his hands.  "Just as you will now meet your 
own, Yosho."  Azusa waved his hand, and his wives, Fuanho and 
Misaki, fell out of the air next to Mihoshi.  The detective 
shrieked at their sudden appearance.  "Now, you will pay for 
abandoning me."

***

	"She can't do that," Washu said, trying to convince herself.  
"I saw Tsunami destroy his soul.  There is no possible way for her 
to ressurect it."
	Achika shook her head.  "No, Lady Washu.  Tokimi has garnered 
great strength, since you saw her last.  She has been making 
careful moves to insure this will come to pass.  Even though she 
can not see into the future with the same clarity as Tsunami, she 
does try."
	Washu shook her head.  "Then why does she want Tenchi so 
badly?  Why Tsunami's child?"
	"I do not know.  But, I fear for him.  He is both the key to 
Tokimi's success and her undoing.  We must go now, Lady Washu, if 
we hope to help him.  Him, and your daughter."
	"Ryoko..."  Washu nodded.  "Let's go."


Author's Notes:  Sorry for the yeeha at the end of part 8.  I'm 
getting so excited I can barely hold my pants on!  Part ten should 
be the last part.  I thank anyone who's held on long enough to 
make it this far into the story.  If you have any opinions on it, 
please send them to killersquid@ticnet.com.  It's going to get a 
little harder to squeeze out part ten, though-- Ayeka's come 
looking for me because of what I did to her Guardians.

(sound of banging on a door)
Ayeka:  I know you're in there!  Get out here right now, or I'm 
coming after you!
Loneshark:  Just incase this is the last thing I write, let this 
be my last will and testament.  I leave all of my junk to--
(sound of explosion, and door flying across the room into the 
wall)
Ayeka:  Now you get what you deserve!
(more screams of terror and homicide echo throughout the land)  

	           

	
	
	    

	  


   
      

	  
