Disclaimer:  I do not own any of the characters of Tenchi Muyo!  
They are owned by AIC and Pioneer North America.  I did not create 
them, and their use here is strictly for the enjoyment of myself 
and anyone who gets bored enough to read this.  In other words: 
Please don't sue my poor ass.

Tenchi Muyo!
From the Blood of the Gods-- Part 3: First Move (or "No Need for 
Last Chances")
by the Loneshark

	Lord Hikage Unihasa idlely scratched at the back of his left 
hand.  It had become an annoying habit, he realized.  There was 
nothing he could do to change his situation.  Divinity and blood.  
He had become trapped by both.
	In a fit of anger, he tossed a statue that sat on his desk 
across the room.  "What is taking that man so long?"  He breathed 
heavily through his nostrils, and began another annoying habit.  
He drummed his fingers on the desk.
	Being a Jurain nobleman had only made his life harder.  He 
had duties to preside over, an estate to govern, and an Emporer to 
look out for.  Or, if he was having a really bad day, Empress 
Funaho.  That nosey bitch was always looking over his shoulder, 
attempting to find out what he was up to.  He sighed at the 
thought; no one ever truly appreciates another's divine purpose.
	Finally, his servant, Asagi, appeared in the center of the 
room.  He bowed to his master.  "Well?"  Lord Hikage snapped at 
him.
	"My Lord, the first team has been sent out, and everything is 
going as per your orders."  Hikage nodded in satisfaction.  "May I 
inquire, Lord Hikage, why you are sending this team?  You do 
realize that the Emporer has already procurred their services in 
the kidnapping of the boy, so that his daughters will have no 
choice but to return to him."  Asagi noticed the muscles in his 
Lord's jaw tense.  A single message in Asagi's brain began to 
flash: Big Mistake!
	Lord Hikage smiled, uncharacteristically, "Asagi, you are a 
fool.  I have heard of this boy's potential.  I need to see if it 
is true.  The hunters needed to be secured under my control."  
Hikage squeezed  his left hand into a fist, and the sigil on the 
back began to glow a bright red.  Asgai fell to his knees as 
sparks of energy covered his body, his muscles feeling only pain, 
his eyes wanting to burst, his blood alternatly freezing and 
boiling.  Taking pain was the one thing Asagi excelled at.  
Hikage's lip curled into a sneer, and after what felt to Asagi 
like hours, but only being a few seconds, the Jurian lord 
unclenched his fist.  
	Asagi collapsed, and sputtered, "Y... yes...  Yes, my Lord 
Hikage."
	Hikage turned around in his chair, facing the balcony.  "You 
are dismissed."  Asagi disappeared in a flash, leaving his master 
to think.  Hikage stood, and walked out onto the balcony.  He had 
an excellent view of Jurai's capital city from his office in the 
palace.  Being on the Jurai Supreme Council had some benefits.  As 
he whatched the sun set, he muttered to himself, "I have to see 
for myself if what her majesty said is true.  If this boy can 
produce the Light Hawk Wings, then I will be sorely pressed to 
destroy him."  He shuddered.  D3 had displayed to him the cost of 
failure.  There were fates worse than death.  Things even the dead 
could fear.

***

	He remembered the cave.  That was where it had all began, 
after all.  Beyond those gates, deep underground, was where the 
demon had slept for so long.  For so long in the dark, alone.  He 
remembered that day she first appeared on the roof of the school.  
At first, she seemed fierce, frightening.  That was after he had 
overcome that jump his hormones did after everytime he saw a 
beautiful woman.  He remembered whatching her as she slept, the 
gentle sound of her breathing.  Sitting on the roof with her, 
looking at the sky.  She had tried to get him to try some saki 
once, and he had finally given in.  He had a little more than he 
could handle, and ended up with a hang-over the next morning.  
Ryoko had stayed with him the whole day, nursing him.  Ayeka had 
yelled at her alot for that.  But, Ayeka was just being protective 
of him.
	Maybe that was the reason he hadn't really admitted it to 
himself for so long.  He loved Ryoko.  He hadn't known when it 
started, or if it had just happened.  It wasn't important.  He 
loved her.  She loved him, but, so did Ayeka.  That was the real 
problem.  He cared for Ayeka, and would do as much for her as 
anyone else in his house, but he didn't love her.  Not like she 
loved him, at least.  He tried so hard not to hurt anyone's 
feelings, but he knew he couldn't hide it forever.  
	"You can't lie to yourself.  That would only cause more pain.  
Pain for you and those around you, can't you see that.  No matter 
how much you're afraid, living a lie is the worst possible thing 
you could do to them."  That voice?  It was his own.
	
	Tenchi woke up, holding his head in his hands.  He had to 
tell Ryoko.  He had to tell her how he felt, he knew that.  "What 
are you doing?"  He had asked himself the question before, when he 
was whatching her sleep.  At the time, he thought that he was 
asking himself why he whatched her.  Now he knew that he was 
asking himself why he hadn't said anything.  As he got dressed and 
headed downstairs for breakfast, he wondered what he was going to 
do.  "Tonight," he thought.  "It has to be tonight."

***

	Shadow Dog laid back, letting the warm water relax his 
muscles.  No one had ever really explained how a floating osen had 
appeared over the lake of the Masaki home, and he thought that it 
would probably be best not to ask.  Better to just sit back and 
have some saki.  
	"Miya!"  Shadow turned around, seeing Ryo-ohki sitting at the 
edge of the water, looking up at him.  "Miya,"  the cabbit said 
again.
	"Ryo-ohki?  What are you doing here?"  He pet the cabbit on 
her head, and then asked, "Why aren't you with Mistress Sasami?"
	The red jem in his forehead began to glow, as did Ryo-ohki's.  
"She sent me to find you,"  Ryo-ohki's voice echoed in his head.  
"She needs you to get Tenchi for dinner, after your bath."  The 
cabbit's voice sounded so much like a little girl's inside his 
head.  
	He smiled, and patted her on the head again.  "Of course I 
will.  Thank you, Ryo-ohki."
	"Miya!"  The cabbit changed into her child form, jumped up 
into the air, and ran off.  Shadow was left confused for a moment.  
The cabbit had never changed her form in such a seemingly 
illogical manner before.  He sighed, and sank back into the water.  
Then again, few things in this place made sense.
	   His ears perked up as he heard the door of the osen open.  
There were two sets of footsteps: Ryo-ohki's, and Princess 
Ayeka's.  He heard Ayeka cry out as Ryo-ohki ran passed her.
	"I wonder what that was all about?" Ayeka asked herself as 
Ryo-ohki ran by.
	In Shadow Dog's mind, wheels began to turn.  Maybe it was the 
saki, but he just couldn't resist the urge.  He hadn't scared 
anyone sense that morning two weeks ago, when he made Tenchi fall 
over the second floor bannister.  That was a shining moment.  And 
now he had another one, with the Princess Ayeka.  "Sorry, Sasami," 
he whispered.  "I just can't help myself."
	Princess Ayeka sat down in the water, breathing in a long 
sigh.  Tenchi had been acting so strangely at breakfast, as if 
there was something important on his mind, but he didn't want 
anyone to know.  So strange.  She then noticed a couple bottles of 
saki still lying out on the ground.  She picked one up, noting it 
was half full.  "Ryoko," she muttered.  "When will she ever learn 
to clean up after herself?"  The princess sighed, and took a sip 
from the bottle in her hand.  Still, it saved her the trouble of 
having to get up to get any for herself.
	Ryoko wasn't that bad, after all.  Ayeka couldn't understand 
why that woman insisted on teasing Lord Tenchi like she did.  It 
obviously made him uncomfortable.  But then, Ryoko did a lot of 
things that Ayeka found hard to understand.  She knew she just 
wanted to be free, but surely there are more civilized ways.  
Ryoko was just so undiciplined.  What gave her the right to go out 
and act as she pleased?
	"Jealous?"  Ayeka sat up and looked around.  Who had said 
that?  Then she sat back down, realizing she had asked the 
question.  "Do you envy Ryoko?"  She had repeated the question to 
herself.  She would never had been allowed to act in such a manner 
on Jurai.  Ever since she was a little girl, for as long as she 
could remember, she had been told how to behave, how to dress, how 
to speak.  Everyone had treated her like a princess, with respect 
and kindness, but she knew it was false.  Only her parents had 
ever really shown any kind of genuine love, but even her mother, 
Misaki, had always expected Ayeka to act like the "little girl" 
she had outgrown years ago.  
	Only Tenchi and Ryoko had ever been honest to her.  Ryoko had 
never shown an ounce of respect to Ayeka, but then the princess 
wondered if she really deserved it.  Just because she had been 
born to high status, and had lived her life like it?  Did she 
deserve it?  Tenchi did it because he felt she did deserve it.  He 
treated her like a real person, not some stuck up noble.  
	She did envy Ryoko.  She was strong, honest, and could even 
been kind at times.  Even more, though, she envied Tenchi.  He was 
the crowned prince of Jurai, and felt no obligation to change his 
ways.  He still acted kind, and humble.  Not cold, mockingly 
polite, and discretely cruel.  Just like every Jurain noble she 
had ever know.
	Shadow slowly padded up behind the princess, not making a 
sound.  This was perfect!  She just sat there, oblivious to him.  
He came closer, so close he could smell her perfume over the humid 
air of the bath.  He took a deep breath, and prepared to give the 
princess Ayeka a little wake up.
	"Oh, Shadow!  What are you doing here?  I thought you were 
with Sasami?"  The bubbly voice of Mihoshi filled the osen.  
Shadow nearly choked on his breath, and turned around to see the 
blond terror in a bath towel, smiling.
	"You!  What are you doing in here?"  Then he heard Princess 
Ayeka's voice.  She didn't sound happy.  Shadow turned to her.  
Her face was an interesting shade of deep scarlet, and he could 
see a vein in her forehead.  "You... you... pervert!"  She reached 
back, and threw the bottle of saki at him.  Shadow Dog scrambled 
on all four legs, and raced for the open door of the bath.  He 
jumped out, hitting the ground hard, and rolled with the fall.  He 
got to his feet, and looked back to see Ayeka closing in on him, 
the field of her Jurai powers beginning to manifest around her.  
"I'm going to teach you a lesson on sneaking up on people!"

***

	Tenchi sat down for a moment, taking a break from his work.  
It was so hot out here!  He began to wonder when the summer would 
end.  Fall was a lot more enjoyable, since it was so much cooler.  
	For the hundredth time that day, he hung his head, and 
wondered.  "What's gonna happen?"  There was no way he could deny 
it now.  He had been hiding his feelings from himself for too 
long.  He had to tell Ryoko he loved her.  He might never get 
another chance.
	Just like with his mother.
	She had become so sick the last time he saw her.  Her 
sickness had made her hair change to gray early in life.  Her eyes 
were tired, he remembered.  So tired.  It was in the hospital.  He 
had never really figured out why she was so sick, but knew that if 
she was in the hospital, she was going to get better.  You always 
got better if you went to see a docter, right?  He told her that 
he was starting to train with his grandfather.  She smiled at 
that, and told him that she knew he would do well.  She promised 
him that she would come and whatch him practice, when she got 
better.  He hugged her around the neck, and said that he loved 
her.  Then, he waited in the hallway while his father and mother 
talked privately.  
	She died three days later.  He never understood why it had 
happened, and was angry.  He was young, and wasn't able to 
understand, he hadn't been able to see the signs, that she wasn't 
coming back.  He was angry at her, for breaking her promise.  For 
a long time, he wouldn't talk about it with his father and 
grandfather.  He couldn't talk about it.  It wasn't until later 
that he had stopped being angry with his mother, and angry with 
himself.  Of course, she couldn't keep her promise.  It had been 
impossible for her.  If he had known, if he had been able to see 
it, he could have told her he loved her, one last time.  That was 
all he wanted, was to be able to tell his mother that he loved 
her, one last time, before she died.
	He had never gotten another chance.
	If he didn't tell her, he would never get a last chance.  He 
knew that.  He had never been able to realize that his mother was 
dieing; he realized that he was in love, and if he didn't say 
something now, he would never get to.
	There was yelling, in the distance.  Tenchi looked up, and 
saw a great, black hound running straight for him.  He yelled as 
the beast ran past him, so fast that he spinned around.  Then 
Ayeka ran past him, yelling something about spying and hentai at 
the hound form of Shadow Dog.  Tenchi stared wide-eyed as they 
passed him.  Why was Ayeka in a bath towel?
	"Ayeka?  What's going on?"  He decided to run after them.  He 
managed to catch up to Ayeka, and grabbed her shoulder, stopping 
her.  Ayeka turned on him, her eyes full of anger.  
	"Tenchi!  That mutt was spying on me in the bath!  Can you 
believe it?  He needs to be taught a lesson!"  Tenchi shook his 
head for a second, trying to understand what she was talking 
about.  
	"Um... Ayeka, why are you only wearing a bath towel?"  Ayeka 
paused, and looked down.  She blushed, and tryed to cover herself 
with her arms.  From behind a nearby bush, they could hear 
hysterical laughter.  Shadow Dog poked his pale head out from 
behind it, his eyes almost completly shut, he was laughing so 
hard.  
	Tenchi rolled his eyes, and frowned.  This guy was almost as 
bad as his father!  "Shadow, would you grow up?"
	"You!  I'm going to show you what's it's really like to scare 
someone!"  Ayeka started to move towards the bounty hunter, but 
Tenchi held her back.
	"Ayeka, maybe you should... go put some clothes on, first?"
	Ayeka stood a moment, fuming,and then began to walk back to 
the house.  Tenchi breathed a sigh of relief, wiping the sweat 
from his forehead.  He turned his attention back to Shadow, who 
was still laughing from behind the bush.
	"Shadow, what are you still doing back there?  She's gone... 
oh!"  Tenchi realized that Ayeka had chased Shadow Dog >from< the 
bath.  He hadn't bothered to put some clothes on before trying to 
scare her.
	"Well, it would've worked," Shadow pleaded his case, "if 
Mihoshi hadn't interfered."  How could that man keep any semblance 
of dignity when sitting naked behind a bush?  His red eyes flashed 
back and forth for a second, and then he said, "Oh, Tenchi!  I 
almost forgot, Sasami wanted me to get you.  It's almost time for 
dinner."
	Tenchi looked up a the sky.  "Is it that late already?"  The 
sun was beginning to set already.  He had lost all track of time, 
with his mind on so many things.  "All right, then.  Let's get 
going."
	Shadow's body was briefly surrounded by black fire as he 
changed back to his hound form, and padded up to Tenchi.  He sat 
down in front of the boy, and wagged his tail, jokingly.  Tenchi 
shook his head and groaned.

***

	Ryoko teleported in front of Tenchi, causing him to jump back 
in suprise.  "Ry... Ryoko!  What are you doing out here?"
	She floated over to him, put her arms around him, and gave 
him a sly grin.  "I just came out to see what was taking you so 
long.  Sasami was getting worried because you and Shadow haven't 
gotten back yet.  I figured you may be off talking guy stuff."  
She laughed, then looked down at the flaming hound sitting next to 
Tenchi.  "Ayeka told everyone what you did, you know."  Shadow Dog 
grinned.  "I knew you couldn't be trusted, you dirty little 
hentai."  He yapped at her, the equivilant of "shove it."  Ryoko 
ignored him, and looked at Tenchi.  "Um, what?"
	Tenchi realized that he was staring.  "Oh, uh... nothing.  
Let's just get home, huh?"  They started to walk back to the 
house.  He had to tell her, but not with Shadow right here.  They 
had to be alone.  Tonight, after dinner.
	Ryoko suddenly turned, looking at the sky.  "What the?"  
Shadow did too, both of them sensing something.
	"Ryoko?  What is it?"  Tenchi noticed their reaction.  
Something was wrong.  "Ryoko?"
	"Tenchi, duck!"  Ryoko pushed him to the ground, falling on 
top of him.  A blast of energy flew overhead.  Shadow Dog growled, 
the flames surrounding his body, his soul fire, growing in 
intensity.  Ryoko immediatly got up, her sword appearing in her 
hand.  She looked around.  The blast had come from nowhere.  
Shadow stared at the forest with his burning red eyes, trying to 
smell anything.
	Tenchi picked himself up, trying to figure out what was going 
on.  "Tenchi Masaki!"  He heard a strange voice call his name, and 
turned to see a strange figure dressed in blue robes walk out of 
the forest, next to the spot where the energy blast had hit.  "You 
are caught."

***

	Sasami turned off the stove, and set the pan holding the soup 
for dinner aside.  She reached for some seasonings, and asked 
Mihoshi for a stick of butter.  "What's taking them so long?"  She 
wondered.  First, she told Shadow Dog to get Tenchi for dinner, 
since he was alreadly late getting back.  After Ryo-ohki had come 
back, Sasami's sister Ayeka walked in, yelling something about 
Shadow Dog spying on her in the osen.  Sasami had just shaken her 
head.  She knew that while Shadow normally acted polite and 
composed, deep down he loved mishief.  His favorite thing to do 
was scare people.  Never frighten them badly, just give them a 
little jump.  After that, Ryoko said she'd go look for them, for 
which Sasami was grateful.  
	Here it was, almost time for dinner, and none of them had 
gotten back yet.  "Sasami, what's wrong?"  Mihoshi asked her.  
	Sasami looked up, realizing that she was just standing there 
with dinner on the stove.  "Oh, nothing, Mihoshi.  I'm sorry."  
	"Miya!"  Sasami looked down at Ryo-ohki, who was in her 
cabbit form on the kitchen floor.
	"Ryo-ohki, are you sure that Shadow said he would go get 
Tenchi after his bath?"  The cabbit miyaed a positive response.  
Sasami sighed.
	"Oh, don't worry, Sasami.  I'm sure that they'll get here in 
time."  Mihoshi was almost always optomistic.  Sasami was also, 
normally.  But, she knew that Shadow Dog's being here meant that 
something important would happen soon, or, >somethings.<  His 
presence made her happy, but she knew that the happiness would be 
short-lived, as events started to unfold.
	Then Sasami felt something.  At first, it was just a gentle, 
brief urging in the back of her mind.  Then, it turned violent, 
becoming a stabbing pain in her head.  Sasami cried out, grabbing 
her head, and fell to the floor.  "Sasami!"  Mihoshi rushed over 
to her.  The pain had lasted only a brief moment, meant to give a 
single, desperate message.  Sasami quickly got to her feet, the 
pain gone as soon as it had come.  "Sasami, what's wrong with you, 
what happened?"  Mihoshi fired a flurry of worried questions at 
her.
	She pushed Mihoshi away.  "It's Shadow! Something's wrong!"  
She ran past Mihoshi, through the lounge, and into the front room.  
There, laying on the floor in front of the door, was the humanoid 
form of Shadow Dog, naked, his body covered with the red streaks 
of blood and bruises.  "Shadow!"
	Kiyone and Washu ran in, and gasped.  "Sasami, don't look."  
Mihoshi tried to cover the girl's eyes, but Sasami pushed her 
aside again, and ran over to her fallen friend.  She tried to use 
their mental link, trying to get a response from him.
	"Shadow?  Shadow Dog?  Wake up, please, wake up!"

***

	There was darkness, and shadow, and then there was this.  He 
hated this kind of darkness, where you were alone, and all you 
felt was pain.  He had felt this kind of darkness before, at the 
hands of a Jurain, one of the young nobles.  What was his name?
	Slowly, the darkness began to disappear, being replaced by 
the light.  Shadow realized he was opening his eyes.  As he did, 
he saw a face.  It was a beautiful angel, with clear skin, framed 
by long, blue hair.  Two dark green circles were on her forehead, 
and there was a smile on her face.  "Welcome back, Shadow Dog."
	"Tsu... Tsunami?"  He closed his eyes for a second, and 
opened them back up.  Tsunami was replaced with her mortal 
counterpart, Sasami.  The young girl smiled.
	"Shadow, you're awake!"  Shadow Dog nodded, and tried to sit 
up.  He gritted his teeth, as pain shot through his entire body.  
	"Careful!"  He felt Kiyone's hands help him sit up.  His head 
hung for a moment, and all he could see was his lap.  Someone had 
dressed him in his shorts and t-shirt.  He slowly looked up to see 
every member of the Masaki family gathered around him in the 
lounge.  Lord Katsuhito stood in front of the windows, his face 
calm as always.  Nobuyuki stood next to him, as distressed as 
always.  Ayeka and Mihoshi sat on the couch next to him, Mayuka in 
Mihoshi's arms.  Sasami sat on his left, with Kiyone on his right.  
Washu was standing right in front of him, eyeing him closely.
	"What... what is that demented scientist doing?"  Shadow Dog 
spoke to Sasami through their link.  His jaw hurt too much move.  
	"She's making sure you're not too badly hurt.  You were 
beaten up, and there were cuts and scars all over your body.  You 
had just collapsed in the front doorway.  I was scared."
	He looked at the young girl.  Her eyes were still filled with 
fear, because he knew what she was wondering.  "Forgive me, 
Mistress Sasami.  I was unable to protect Tenchi and Ryoko."
	Kiyone was the first to speak.  "Shadow, what happened out 
there?"  She knew she wasn't going to like it.  She had seen the 
bounty hunter in action, and his wounds were already healing.  He 
was tough, to put it mildly.  Whatever had done this to him had to 
be very, very dangerous.
	"He, Tenchi, and Ryoko were attacked," Sasami answered.  
Everyone looked at her.  "His jaw hurts too much to speak, so he 
want's me to tell you."  
	Washu nodded, typing on her holocomputer.  "Yes, you're 
right.  He was beaten very badly, especially his jaw."  She didn't 
want to frighten Sasami.  From her scans, it looked to Washu like 
someone had tried to tear Shadow's jawbone off.
	Sasami continued Shadow's explanation.  "They were attacked 
by bounty hunters.  They came out of the forest.  Shadow couldn't 
stop them.  There were too many off them.  One of them hit him in 
the back of the head, and the others ran off with Tenchi and 
Ryoko.  He tried, but he couldn't catch up with them.  He just 
found himself here."  She stopped, and she and Shadow sat there 
for a few minutes, staring at each other.  Finally, Sasami nodded, 
and turned to Katsuhito and Nobuyuki.  "He wants you to forgive 
him for not being able to help Tenchi."
	Katsuhito nodded.  "It's all right, Shadow.  I'm sure there's 
nothing you could have done, whether you were with Tenchi and 
Ryoko, or not.  If they wanted him badly enough, they would stop 
at nothing to get him."
	Shadow nodded, and Sasami spoke, "Thank you."
	"Miss Washu, can you--" Kiyone began to ask.
	"Already ahead of you, Kiyone."  Washu was typing furiously 
on her computer.  "I'll have the location of their ship in just a 
few moments.  Then, I'll send you, Ayeka, Mihoshi and Ryo-ohki to 
go rescue Tenchi and Ryoko."  Washu grinned as her computer 
finally came up with the ship's location, and almost immidiatly 
afterward cursed.  
	"What is it, Washu?"  Ayeka asked.  
	"I've found their ship, but I can't get any information on 
it.  They're using something that's jamming my sensors."  She 
sneered, "You'll be going in blind, I'm afraid."
	"Mistress Sasami," Shadow said to the girl through their 
link, "would you please get me my uniform?"
	"No, Shadow!  You can't go.  You're still hurt!"
	"I already promised you, Mistress.  I'm going to bring Tenchi 
and Ryoko home."

***

	Ito Gasam was proud of himself this day.  One of the easiest 
bounties in his long experience would prove to be the most 
profitable.  He touched a key on his control panel.  "Asanon, 
report.  How is the primary target holding up?"
	His underling's voice crackled over the other end of the comm 
system.  "He's doing nicely, sir.  He was taken with almost no 
damage.  Only minor bruises."
	"And the secondary target?"
	"The same.  She's just as tough as they say."
	"Good.  We'll be ready for the trip to Jurai in an hour.  
Make sure that they are secure."
	"Understood."
	Ito turned off the comm, and looked to his ship's pilot, 
Karasawa.  In his younger days, it made Ito's skin crawl to see a 
man wired into a machine, to live as a part of it.  Now, he had 
grown accustomed to seeing the pilot's scarred, metal and flesh 
visage.  "Karasawa, open a link to our client."  A large screen 
appeared in front of Ito.  On the screen was the somber face of 
the Emperor of Jurai.  Ito moved his cloak out of his way, and 
bowed.  "My dear Emperor Azusa, I am pleased to report that we 
have acquired the primary target."  The Emperor nodded in 
satisfaction.  "In addition, we captured a secondary target.  The 
space pirate Ryoko.  We will be within Jurai space in a few 
hours."
	"Good.  Your fee will be delivered after I have the targets.  
As always, Ito Gasam, be discreet."
	Ito nodded.  "Of course, your majesty."  The screen went 
black, showing a view of space.  Ito tapped his control panel, and 
a small data crystal popped out.  The crystal contained the 
instructions given to Ito Gasam by his other client, the Lord 
Hikage.  He wondered why the Lord had hired him privately, even 
though the Emperor had already procured his services.  He 
shrugged, and put the data crystal back in, and turned on the 
monitoring sensors inside the holding cell.  Whatever information 
he was able to collect on the boy, he was to give to Hikage.  
"Very well.  As long as I get paid."

***

	Tenchi slowly opened his eyes.  His head hurt to much for 
light, but he knew he had to see where he was.  Somehow, he 
couldn't feel anything from the neck down.  Normally, it would be 
scaring him.  But, again, his head hurt too much for him to worry 
about that.  He saw a different kind of light from what he 
expected when he opened his eyes.  Ryoko was looking down at him.  
His head was laying in her lap.  She was dressed in her red and 
black battle suit, her hair and face covered with dirt.  He wanted 
to reach up and wipe the dirt off of her face, but his arms 
wouldn't move.  
	"You're awake?"  Tenchi nodded.  As least he could move that 
much.  Ryoko looked up at something, and Tenchi turned his head to 
see.  They were staring at a doorway blocked by horizontal bars of 
energy.  The energy wavered slightly, every few seconds.  
	Tenchi turned his head back to looking up at Ryoko.  "What 
happened?"
	"You remember walking home with Shadow and me, right?"  He 
nodded again.  "We were attacked by someone, a man in a blue 
cloak.  He moved too fast for me and Shadow, and his partners 
jumped us from behind.  They drugged you, and hit me from behind.  
Before I blacked out, I whatched them trying to take out Shadow.  
The bastard wouldn't go down," she smiled, a hint of admiration 
for the bounty hunter showing in her face.  "He jumped on one of 
them.  I could smell his fire burning their flesh.  The other guy 
was just as tough, though, and grabbed Shadow by the jaw.  I don't 
remember anything after that.  I woke up in here, with you.  You 
were still drugged."
	Tenchi tried to move his head around to see where "here" was.  
It was a small room, with padded walls and floor.  For a second it 
reminded him of a nuthouse, it was so dimly lit.  Then he realized 
that the walls just looked padded.  The walls were actually moving 
slightly.  Like they were... breathing?
	Almost as if she sensed his thoughts, Ryoko said, "It's a 
semi-living ship.  Kind of like Ryo-ohki, but it can't change 
form.  It was once one giant organism, until the hard parts were 
added.  Maybe after it had suffered from an accident, or someone 
may have kidnapped it just to butcher it like this."
	Tenchi cocked an eyebrow.  "Have you been digging through 
Washu's books, or something?"
	Ryoko smiled, despite the bad joke.  "No, I've seen how 
they're made.  It's not pretty."  She paused for a moment.  "Would 
you like to sit up?"  Tenchi nodded, and Ryoko pulled his limp 
body up right, setting him against the wall.  Tenchi couldn't help 
but feeling like a rag doll.  He hated it.  Then he started to get 
the feeling back in his limbs.  It was going slowly, but at least 
it was a good sign.  Ryoko looked out the window in the corner of 
the room.  "I hate this.  I hate being locked up, being a 
prisoner.  I tried for a long time to get out after we were put in 
here.  I couldn't shoot the walls out, that would've just been 
stupid.  I tried to shoot those bars, but they only absorbed the 
energy.  I can't contact Ryo-ohki or Washu, either.  This place is 
shielded.  We're alone here."  Her last words almost made Tenchi 
shiver, if he could have.  He knew that Ryoko would normally give 
anything for them to be alone together, but the way she said it... 
it was so cold.  
	"This is what she felt," Tenchi realized.  He could feel his 
arms and chest now, and the feeling was speeding up as it traveled 
down to his waist and legs.  He put a hand on her shoulder.  She 
jumped, slightly.  It hurt him to see her like this.  "We are 
going to get out of here, Ryoko, I promise.  No matter what."
	Ryoko turned around, and put her arms around him.  "I'm 
sorry, Tenchi.  I never wanted you to be here, in a place like 
this.  I... I couldn't protect you.  I so sorry."  She sounded 
like she was about to cry.  "I love you, Tenchi.  I don't care if 
you don't love me.  I love you.  I'm so sorry."
	He but a hand of her head.  He hair was soft, for being so 
spikey.  "Ryoko.  Ryoko, look at me."  She looked up at him, her 
golden eyes showing pain, hatred, and fear all at the same time.
	Last chance, Tenchi.
	"Ryoko, I love you."  Instantly, everything in Ryoko's eyes 
changed.  "I love you, too, Ryoko."
	She reached up and kissed him.  For the first time since he 
had known her, Tenchi didn't back away.  He kissed her back.  
"Tenchi, you meant it, don't you?"  Ryoko asked after she kissed 
him, just trying to make sure she wasn't asleep and in some dream.
	He nodded.  "Yes, Ryoko.  I do."  He kissed her again.  Ryoko 
felt so many things she had felt, fear, insecurity, pain, all go 
away in a moment.  She closed her eyes, and prayed silently that 
this moment could stop, and never end.
	"Aww, doesn't it just melt your heart?"  Tenchi and Ryoko 
broke their embrace, and looked to the doorway of their cell.  
Standing there was one of the men who Ryoko had seen attack them.  
He was the one who drugged Tenchi.  His hair was greasy and 
uncombed, left to grow in all directions, including in his face.  
"Well, you two kids get comfortable, huh?  It's gonna be a long 
trip.  You'll have plenty of time to be alone."  The mocking tone 
in his voice was enough to drive a monk to violence.  Ryoko 
growled at him, and raised a hand.  Energies gathered in her palm, 
and she shot a blast at the man.  The blast didn't make it past 
the cell bars.  The man laughed.  There was a crackle from some 
unseen speaker.  
	"Asanon, are the targets ready for transport?"  Asanon nodded 
to the unseen voice.
	"Yea, they're ready."

***

	Ito smiled to himself, again.  He just couldn't stop smiling.  
He would be a rich man, soon enough.  Things were really starting 
to look good for him.
	There was a flashing warning.  Karasawa said, "Sir, an 
unidentified ship is approaching us from Earth."  Ito cursed.  His 
day was starting to go bad.
	"Give me a visual, now!"  The black screen changed to a view 
of the Earth.  There was a small, black and grey object in front 
of the planet, and it was quickly growing larger.  Ito squinted 
for a moment, and then jumped back in horror when he realized it 
was the infamous Ryo-ohki.  His day had just gotten bad.  He 
turned to his pilot.  "Karasawa, how long until we are recharged 
to make the trip back?"
	The pilot looked to the side for a moment, and then said, 
"We're only at 86%.  That, and we were focusing all of our 
recharges to the drive enginges.  We don't have enough energy in 
the main engines to evade them."  He looked away again, and then 
said.  "There is some good news, though."
	"And that would be?"  Ito growled.
	"Ryo-ohki isn't charging her weapons.  She won't be able to 
attack when she's in range."
	Ito's eyes grew wide.  He had heard many stories about the 
Ryo-ohki.  He knew what she was going to do.  "You idiot!"  
Karasawa blinked.  "That's Ryo-ohki!  She's not going to fire at 
us because she's going to ram us!"  
	Karasawa let the factors involved sink in, and then began to 
scream.

	The feeling was almost completely back in Tenchi's legs.  He 
tried to stand, but it was still wobbly.  Ryoko put his arm over 
her, giving him support.  Asanon whatched as the two prisoners 
tried to get to their feet.  It was so comedic, whatching them 
struggle.  The voice of Ito crackled over the comm.
	"Asanon!  Come in, now!"
	Asanon sighed.  He hated it when Ito was pushy.  "Yea, what 
is it?"
	"It's the Ryo-ohki.  She's gonna ram us!  Brace yourself!"  
	Asanon had enough time to look up and begin to say "What?" 
when the ship rocked violently.  Ryoko and Tenchi fell back to the 
ground, but that wasn't able to upset them.  
	Ryoko yelled out.  "Yea!  Go, Ryo-ohki!"  There was another 
shake as the ship rocked.  Tenchi smiled.  The rest of his friends 
had come.

***

	In a corner of the ship, one of Ryo-ohki's spikes was jutting 
through the wall.  A moment later, several figures matrialized 
next to it, set to meet any resistance.  Ayeka stood in her Jurain 
battle uniform, her forcefield shimmering with her anger.  Kiyone 
and Mihoshi had their guns drawn, and next to them was Shadow Dog 
in his hound form, his soul fire rolling off of his form in large, 
arching tongues of black flame.
	Kiyone scanned the room.  It was dark, filled with monitors 
and computers.  It looked like an archive, but what would that be 
doing on a ship like this?  "I'll take point.  Come on."  They ran 
through one of the open doors in the room down a corridor, not 
really knowing where they were going.  
	Several robotic arms popped out of the ceiling of the ship, 
and began to fire at the group.  Kiyone yelled as she fell back, 
taken by suprise by the lasers.  "Stand back!"  Ayeka moved to the 
front, her forcefield glowing as the lasers bounced off.  She flew 
forward, crushing the arms with her forcefield, and much of the 
corridor, as well.
	Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Shadow blinked, several times, and then 
shrugged and followed.

	The guard, Asanon, had just passed out.  Ryoko bent down, 
checking his pulse.  She looked up at Tenchi.  "He's still alive."  
Tenchi looked at the cell they were in.  Somehow, the cell bars 
just... shut off.  Then the guard fell down unconcious.  Ryoko 
stood, and grabbed Tenchi by the hand.  "Oh, well.  Let's get the 
hell out of here!"  Tenchi nodded, and they ran out the door.

	"Asanon!  Asanon, report!"  Ito slammed his fist into the 
control panel on the bridge of his ship.  All hell was breaking 
loose.  First, the Ryo-ohki smashed into his ship.  Then, the 
holding cell bars deactivated.  There were four intruders tearing 
their way through his ship's internal defenses, the targets were 
loose and making their way to the bridge, and he couldn't 
communicate with anyone.
	"Sir," Karasawa said, "Moniters show that Asanon collapsed, 
but is alive.  He may have suffered mental feedback when Ryo-ohki 
rammed our ship.  His metal link with the ship is crucial to 
keeping the holding systems operational."
	"I know that!"  He screamed at the pilot.  Ito found himself 
wishing Karasawa could move, so he could be chased.  It was no fun 
to yell at them when they couldn't cringe.
	The bridge doors opened.  Ito turned to see Tenchi and Ryoko 
standing in the doorway, neither of which looked very happy.  
	"It's you!"  Ryoko screamed, and flew at him, an energy blast 
already forming in her hand.  Tenchi tried to move to hold her 
back, but she was too fast.  Ryoko shot the energy blast, and Ito 
vanished, the energy hitting the control panel.  Tenchi ran up 
beside her.  He reached for his sword, Tenchiken, but realized 
that he wasn't carrying it.  "Stand back, Tenchi."
	Ito stood on the other side of the room.  His blue robes 
fluttered slightly behind him as he rematerialized.  He brushed 
back a lock of blue hair, and smiled, trying to seem confident.  
He hoped he was pulling it off.
	"Ryoko.  It is a pleasure to finally meet you, indeed.  I do 
hope you won't mind me killing you, although I still have to take 
your precious Tenchi alive.  No hard feelings?"
	Ryoko's sword appeared in her hand, and she sneered at the 
bounty hunter.  "Try shutting up and fighting."  Ryoko charched 
him, again.  Ito concentrated, changing each particle of his body 
into energy.  He yelled as his body became a living blast of 
energy, and threw himself at Ryoko.  Ryoko felt pain as he hit 
her.  She fell back against the floor of the bridge.  
	"Ryoko!"  Tenchi ran to her.  Ito laughed as he 
rematerialized again, an aura of power surrounding him.  Tenchi 
bent down, holding Ryoko's head in his hands.  
	"Tenchi," she opened her eyes.  "Tenchi, I'm sorry."  
	Tenchi gritted his teeth as he heard Ito's laugh.  "Dammit, 
Ryoko.  I told you not to apologize."  He stood, and looked at 
Ito.  
	Ito gave his most confident grin.  This was it?  This was 
what the Emperor of Jurai wanted?  A mere boy and a weakened space 
pirate.  "You can't be the one who destroyed Kagato.  You can't 
even defend yourself.  How can you expect your loved ones to stand 
up for you?"
	Tenchi felt anger rising inside himself.  "You won't harm 
anyone.  I won't let you."
	Ito smirked.  "Well, then.  Are you ready?"  Tenchi stood 
firm, holding his ground.  Ito's body changed again, and the 
blinding flash of energy shot at Tenchi.  It stopped.
	Ito felt something, a force, holding him back.  Such an 
incredible power!  He retreated, and materialized.  When he could 
see again, the boy was still standing.  Three triangles were now 
on his forehead, and three wings floated in front of him.  Ito 
shook his head in disbelief.  "What?  No.  It... you can't 
possibly do that.  It's impossible."
	Tenchi grabbed one of the Light Hawk Wings.  It changed into 
a ribbon of blue energy, and he threw it at Ito.  The man felt the 
power hit him, stronger than anything he had felt before, and 
slammed into the wall.
	Karasawa, unable to move, whatched the entire scene as it 
played out.  The ships moniters were going off of the scale.  The 
power of the boy was scrambling the sensors, giving Karasawa an 
incredible headache.  
	The door to the bridge opened, and the rescue party walked 
in.  The Light Hawk Wings disappeared, and Tenchi bent down to 
help Ryoko up.  She looked at him, slowly regaining  conciousness.  
"Tenchi?"
	He smiled at her, and then looked up at his friends.  "I told 
you no one would take me, or anyone of us, away."
	Ayeka ran up to them.  "Tenchi!  Ryoko!  What's happened!  
Are you all right?"  Tenchi helped Ryoko shift her weight from him 
to Ayeka as the princess placed Ryoko's arm over her shoulder.
	Ito shook his head, trying to clear the noise of the pain, 
and found himself looking into the face of a black, flaming dog.  
"Oh, no.  Not you again."  The dog growled, and Mihoshi and Kiyone 
walked up behind him, their guns pointed at Ito.
	Shadow changed back into his human form, and stood up, but 
didn't take his eyes from Ito.  "Kiyone, get them out of here."
	"What?  Now wait just a minute, he's my prisoner.  I can take 
him in, easily.  There are more than enough charges, and... eh?"  
She stopped when Shadow looked back at her, his red eyes ice cold.
	"Tenchi, Ayeka, get out of here.  I'll catch up to you."  He 
looked down at Ito, again.  "Trust me, Kiyone.  This will be much 
more effective."
	Kiyone was about to renew her protests, when Tenchi placed a 
hand on her should.  "Kiyone, let him handle it.  Let's just go 
home."  Kiyone sighed, frowning.
	"Fine.  But, I'm putting this in my report."  She and Mihoshi 
followed Tenchi and Ayeka as they carried Ryoko back to Ryo-ohki.
	When they had left the room, Shadow's gem glowed.  "You're 
the one who tried to tear my jaw off."  He kicked Ito across the 
face.  It hurt, a lot.  Ito would have cried out if he wasn't 
already in so much pain.  Shadow Dog knelt down in front of him, 
looking into his eyes.  "Listen, bounty hunter.  I know who sent 
you.  I want you to give a message to your employer, the Emperor 
of Jurai.  Tell him that Tenchi Masaki and his friends are now 
under Twilight Ward.  If he ever sends another bounty hunter, he 
will face the consequences."  Shadow got up, turned around, and 
hurried to catch up with the others.
	Ito looked over at Karasawa.  "You... you got the data, 
right?  On the boy?"  The pilot nodded.  "Good.  At least we get 
paid."
	After a few moments of laying on the floor in pain, Karasawa 
spoke.  "Ryo-ohki has gone back down to the planet, and the hole 
has been sealed.  No further internal damage to report.  Do you 
wish to leave for Jurai, now?"  Ito nodded, and struggled to his 
feet.
	"Karasawa, if you need me, I'll be taking a long bath."
	"Yes, sir."

***

	Ryoko's mind played the scene over and over again.  She 
leaned on his shoulder, trying so hard to keep together, to be as 
tough as she had always been.  But she couldn't.  She would never 
see him again.  They were both prisoners, and there was nothing 
she could do.  She had never wanted him to know this, the 
isolation of imprisonment.  She told him, "I'm sorry.  I love 
you."
	Then, he told her to look up.  His eyes were so soft, and 
gentle.  So much compassion in them.  "I love you, Ryoko."  At 
that moment, nothing else mattered.  Every fear, hatred, tear 
shed, blood spilled, every cry of pain and crack of bone was 
nothing.  It was as if none of it had ever happened, and didn't 
matter.  Every dream she had, every hope she carried, and every 
shout of courage and triumph echoed in her soul.  Then, he reached 
down and kissed her.  
	She opened her eyes, not sure if she wanted to leave the 
dream.  She was afraid that all of it was nothing but dream.  She 
didn't want to let go of the ethereal moment, but knew she had to.  
She was staring up at the cieling.  Why wasn't it as close as 
usual?  The surface beneath her was soft, not the hardness of the 
rafters.  Where was she?  Her vision was still blurred.  She 
turned her head, and saw light pouring in through a large, 
circular window.  She reached up, and wiped the crust from her 
eyes.  She knew that window.  
	She turned her head to her right, and found herself looking 
at the same handsome face she had been dreaming about.  "Tenchi?"  
Her eyes moved back and forth.  She was in his room.  On his bed.
	"You okay, Ryoko?"  He placed a hand on her forehead.  
"You're fever's gone down.  After that bounty hunter hit you, you 
had passed out."
	Ryoko shut her eyes for a moment, letting them adjust to the 
light a little more, and opened them again.  "You mean, that 
wasn't a dream?  All of it... really happened?"  That was a little 
hard to believe.
	Tenchi smiled.  "Yes, all of it.  Including what I said."
	Ryoko's eyes opened wide, and she looked at Tenchi.  She 
couldn't help but let tears form at the edges of her eyes.  
"You..."
	Tenchi held her hand.  "Yes.  I... thought I'd never get 
another chance.  I was going to say it, but I just couldn't find 
the right way to.  I guess a moment like that really brings out 
the emotion in someone."
	Ryoko smiled.  "I finally showed you, Kagato.  I am human.  
Eat that, you bastard."  Her thoughts had never been so pleasing.  
If she could get up, she would've jumped on Tenchi right at that 
moment.  That was a little dissapointing, but it didn't matter.  
"How long have you been whatching me?"
	"Ever since we got back.  Washu said that you would be all 
right, but I stayed anyway."

	Ayeka carried the tray up the stairs, careful not to drop it.  
Tenchi had been awake all night, and well into the day.  Surely, 
he had to be hungry.  She had been so worried when Sasami said 
that Tenchi and Ryoko had been kidnapped.  Shadow had tried 
everything he could to help them, but even he couldn't stop it.  
Ayeka couldn't remember the last time she felt like she had when 
she heard that.  
	That was a lie.  She could remember.  It was twice, since she 
had come to live here.  The first time was when Kagato had almost 
killed Tenchi.  The second was when Yazuha had kidnapped Sasami, 
to lure Tenchi into her realm.  It was more than simple worry.  It 
was fear.  She feared for them.  She was afraid that they would 
never come back, that the only people in her entire life she could 
call friends would die, with her having no way to stop it.  
	"Stop it," she thought.  "I need to let myself calm down.  
I've been so on edge latley, and with everything that's happened, 
I really should just relax."  She almost smiled.  "I'm starting to 
sound a little like Ryoko."  Then she wondered why that thought 
wasn't making her shiver.  
	She made it to the top floor of the house, where Tenchi's 
room was.  She could see light coming out from Tenchi's room.  The 
door was open slighlty.  Ayeka tried to raise her hand to knock, 
but the tray was too heavy to balance with one hand.  She moved 
her foot into the crack, hoping to slide the door open enough to 
get Tenchi's notice.
	"I love you, Ryoko."
	Ayeka stopped.  That was Tenchi's voice.  His words.  Ayeka 
felt a cold come over her, an oppressive wall of ice.  She dropped 
the tray, her hands falling to her sides.  
	Tenchi looked up, over his shoulder.  Ayeka was standing 
outside his door.  He could see her large, pink eyes water.  In a 
second, she was gone.
	"Tenchi?"  Ryoko said, sleep starting to take over again.  
"Tenchi?  What was it?"
	"Ayeka."  Tenchi looked at Ryoko.  Her eyes slowly closed 
shut.  He wondered if she had even heard him.  He didn't want to 
leave her alone, but... Ayeka.  She had heard him.  He was afraid 
of this.  He knew it would happen, but he still had to face it.  
No matter how bad it got, he would have to face it.
	Tenchi walked to the door, and then it opened.  Katsuhito 
standing in the place where Ayeka had been.  Tenchi jumped back, 
taken slightly by suprise.  "Grandpa?  Uh... I have to go--"
	Lord Katsuhito shook his head.  "No, Tenchi.  Let her be by 
herself, for a while."  Tenchi tried to protest, but his 
grandfather cut him off, again.  "Trust me.  This is best.  She'll 
come and talk to you, when she is ready."  Tenchi nodded, 
reluctantly accepting his grandfather's words, and sat back down 
in his chair beside Ryoko.  Katsuhito looked at the mess at his 
feet.  "I'll clean this up.  You should try and get some sleep, 
before dinner, tonight."  Tenchi heard the door close.  How did 
his grandfather always know this stuff before it happened?  
	Ryoko had fallen back into sleep.  He whatched her, gently 
breathing.  She had a smile on her face.  Tenchi wanted to smile, 
but his thoughts kept going back to Ayeka.  He had said what was 
in his heart, and she had been hurt.  Tenchi hung his head.  It 
seemed to him that he just didn't understand some things in life.


Author's Notes:  Sorry if this one isn't quite up to specs.  I 
feel I kinda forced some parts (especially the more emotional 
ones, unfortunatly).  I promise that the next part will be better, 
though.  I'll have some more on Lord Hikage, and some new 
antagonists will enter the game.  All comments, flames, any 
feedback, for God's sake!, can be sent to killersquid@ticnet.com.  
I' like to thank the acadamy... 

***

Azaka: Um, sir...
Loneshark:  (heavy tone of annoyance) Yes?  What is it?
Kamidake: We were just wondering...
Azaka:  When are we going to be included in this story?
Kamidake:  We would very much appreciate an inclusion at some 
point.
Loneshark:  (frustrated sigh) Fine, fine, you overgrown 
toothpicks.  I'll put you in the next one.  Bug me about it again, 
and I'll turn you into firewood, got it?
Guardians:  Yes sir!  Thank you, sir!
Loneshark:  (grumble)  annoying... nosey... wooden... termite 
infested...  

	 
	      

	      
	         

