Disclaimer:  I do not own any of the characters of Tenchi Muyo!  They are owned 
by AIC and Pioneer North America.  I did not create them, and their use here is 
strictly for the enjoyment of myself and anyone who gets bored enough to read 
this.  In other words: Please don't sue my poor ass.

Tenchi Muyo!
From the Blood of the Gods-- Part 7:  Maddness Follows (or No Need for Emporer)
by the Loneshark 

	Shadow had fallen asleep on the couch.  Sasami slept next to him, using 
the beast as a pillow.  Ryo-ohki sat on Sasami's stomach, miyaing in her sleep.  
The girl shifted, her face twitching.  She dreamed.  She was in that same place.  
The place without a name, but she knew it, anyway.  The place without light, but 
she could see.  She called out for her friends.  "Tenchi!  Ayeka!  Ryoko!  
Kiyone!"  There was no answer.  She tried again, desperatly.  "Ryo-ohki!  
Mihoshi!  Shadow!  Washu!  Anyone, please!"  She was alone in the darkness.  
"Don't be afraid, Sasami," she told herself.  
	She noticed something different about herself.  Tsunami wasn't there.  
She'd always been there, like a warm feeling deep in Sasami's breast.  Now, 
there was no feeling.  The goddess wasn't there.  She had abandoned Sasami.  The 
girl could feel the tears falling down her cheeks.  She forced herself not to 
cry.  She couldn't cry now.  She kept walking, knowing that she would find her 
family, somehow.
	She knew what was going to happen before it did.  She fell down, farther 
into the darkness.  She tried to cry out, but no sound escaped her throat.  Her 
head struck something as she fell, and all she felt was pain.
	She lay in a pool of her own blood.  Tenchi appeared in front of her.  
"Tenchi."  She whispered.  Her voice was so weak.  "Tenchi, I'm hurt."  Tenchi 
bent down to help her.  Sasami reached out to him, trying to take his hand.  A 
different hand enveloped him.  A giant hand.  "No!"  The hand pulled Tenchi away 
into the darkness.  The Lady stood in the darkness, looking down on Sasami.  
"No, don't take him away, Tokimi."
	Sasami tilted her head.  Something new was happening.  Ryoko and Shadow 
Dog walked out of the darkness, anger etching every line on their faces.  They 
leapt at Tokimi, screaming.  "No, Ryoko!  Shadow!  Don't!"  They kept going.  
Tokimi's hand batted them away into the darkness.  Sasami screamed.
	She sat up, screaming.  Ryo-ohki screamed and jumped off of her, hiding 
behind the couch.  Shadow sat up in his human form.  "Mistress Sasami?"  Her 
back was turned, but he could hear her crying.  He put his arms around her.  
"Mistress?"
	She buried her face in Shadow's chest, not wanting him to see her cry.  
"Shadow.  I... I...,"  she couldn't get the words out in her sobbing.
	"Shhh.  It's all right, Mistress.  You were only having a nightmare."
	Sasami shook her head.  "No, Shadow.  It wasn't just a dream.  It was so 
real.  And she..."
	"I know, Sasami.  She took Tenchi away.  I saw it.  I shared your dream."
	Sasami looked up at him.  He could see the terror in her eyes.  Fading, 
but it was there.  "You shared my dream?"  Shadow nodded.  "Shadow... who was 
she?  I've seen that Lady before, but I don't know her name."
	He clenched his jaw.  Washu was right.  To hell with Yosho and Tsunami.  
"Her name is Lady Tokimi."
	"Lady... Tokimi?"  
	He nodded.  "Lady Tokimi is...,"  he tried to find the words.  "She is a 
godde-"  Shadow's words were cut off by the roar of a great ship.  He looked up, 
knowing who it was.  He still hoped it wasn't.
	Lady Misaki ran out of the kitchen.  "Oh!  Azusa is here!"  She ran 
outside.  Sasami sat up, her mood brightening.  
	"Come on, Shadow!  It's my father.  I want you to meet him!"  She smiled 
up at him.
	Shadow couldn't smile.  "I'll be right there, Sasami."  The girl followed 
her mother.  Shadow sat on the couch, thinking.  He didn't want to do it, but 
now he had no choice.  "To hell with the Guild.  They're not worth his life."

***

	Everyone was gathered on the deck to greet the Emporer of Jurai.  Even 
Yosho.  Kiyone had a pair of very dark glasses on, while Mihoshi leaned on her, 
asleep.  Kiyone hit her on the head.  "Mihoshi!  Stop falling asleep.  Ow!"  
Kiyone grabbed her head.  It hurt to even yell.
	Sasami looked around.  Eveyone was here but Shadow.  Ryo-ohki miyed what 
Sasami was wondering.  "I don't know, Ryo-ohki.  He said he was coming."
	  On the far end of the deck, the Emporer materialized.  He hadn't changed 
from the last time Tenchi had seen him.  He wore the same royal robes, the same 
stony, serious face.  He took a step forward.  
	"Stop, Emporer Azusa."  There were collective gasps as everyone turned to 
see Shadow standing in the door to the house.  Shadow stepped outside, and 
started to approach the Emporer.
	"Shadow?  What going on?"  Yosho asked him.  He had a very bad feeling 
about this.  If his feeling was right, then...	
	Shadow ignored him, and looked at Sasami as he passed.  "Forgive me, 
Mistress."  Without explaining, he stopped, placing himself between the Emporer 
and the rest of the group.  "Lord Yosho, forgive me for this, but I cannot 
remain silent any longer.  This is the man who placed the bounty on your 
grandson."
	There were more gasps.  "Shadow, what are talking about?  I demand you 
stop this, right now!"  Misaki yelled.  She started to move towards him, but 
Ayeka grabbed her arm.  "Ayeka, what are you...?"
	"Please, Mother.  Let him speak."
	Azusa's face remained calm.  Like stone.  "I was told you were killed 
while trying to apprehend the boy.  How is it that a demon like you came to stay 
here?"
	"I was chosen long before I accepted your mission to come here.  I am a 
Guardian, one of those chosen to protect.  I'm here for Mistress Sasami."
	"You cowardly triator.  I'll tear you apart when I'm done with the boy."
	"You have broken Twilight Ward, Azusa.  You are a traitor to your own 
people.  You deserve nothing more than swift death."
	"Stop, now!"  Both men looked behind them.  Tenchi eyed both of them, 
anger in his eyes.  "What is all of this?  Why would you put a bounty on me, 
Emporer?"
	"That is not of your concern, Tenchi.  Just know that I will kill you 
now."
	"The hell you will!"  Ryoko teleported away from Tenchi's side.  She 
reappeared behind Azusa, her sword in hand.  She swung, and hit only air.  The 
Emporer had vanished.  "What?"
	"Stupid pirate."  Azusa appeared behind Ryoko, and struck her in the back 
of the head.  She fell onto the deck, unconcious.  The Emproer floated in the 
air, looking down on the group.  "Now, Tenchi Masaki, I will kill you.  Even if 
I have to kill everyone else."  He drew a great, double edged sword from his 
cloak, and flew at Tenchi.  
	The boy jumped out of the way as the sword came down, smashing boards and 
sending splinters into the air.  Everyone scattered as Azusa swung again at 
Tenchi, who barely made it out of the way.  Shadow exploded into a column of 
flame, and his hound form slammed into Azusa.  He dug his claws and teeth into 
the Emperor.  Azusa grabbed Shadow's neck, and threw him off.
	Yosho screamed, and the blue blade of Tenchiken came down on Azusa.  He 
stopped it with his own sword.  They struggled against each other's might.  
"Father.  Why are you doing this?  Why must you kill my grandson?"
	Azusa sneered.  "I am not your father.  You abandoned us, like a worthless 
coward." He finally pushed Yosho away, and raised his sword above his head.  
"Good bye, Yosho."  A blast of energy hit Azusa, knocking him down.  He tried to 
clear his head, and looked up.  His daughter Ayeka stood over him, Jurai power 
shimmering around her.  "Ayeka?  What are you doing?"
	"I can not allow you to hurt Tenchi, or Ryoko, or anyone else, Father."  
Her logs appeared around her.  "Seal him up."
	A forcefield formed around Azusa as he stood to his feet.  He only 
laughed.  "You stupid whore.  You think you can defy the Emperor of Jurai?"  
Ayeka gasped.  Her forcefield dissappeared with a wave of her father's left 
hand.  She could see a blue sigil glowing on the back of it.  "You are all 
worthless, to me."  The back of his fist hit Ayeka across the face, sending her 
sprawling along the ground.  
	"Ayeka!"  Sasami and Ryo-ohki ran over to her.  Sasami could barely see 
her through her own tears.  "Please, stop.  Don't hurt anyone, please."
	Ryoko pushed herself to her feet.  Her head hurt, but all she could feel 
was an extreme need to kick the hell out of that man.  He stood over his own 
daughters, his sword raised to kill them both in one blow.  "What kind of a 
madman are you?"  He turned around.  Ryoko could see the hate in his eyes.  
	"I am perfectly fine, Ryoko.  Worry about youself."  Ryoko raised her 
hand, and fired a blast of energy at him.  It hit, dead center.  He still stood, 
only knocked back.  Ryoko's sword formed in her hands, and she flew at him.  
Their swords met.  She kept attacking, trying to hit.  Azusa's sword moved to 
block every move she made.  
	"Looks like you're the stupid one."  Ryoko laughed.  Before Azusa could 
react, Shadow leapt at him.  The sword flew out of Azusa's hand, landing in the 
lake.  Shadow pinned him down, snarling.  He noticed the sigil on the back of 
Azusa's left hand.  His gem flashed as he recognized it, even though he had 
never seen it.  It was the mark of Lady Tokimi.
	"All right, Shadow.  Let him up, slowly."  Kiyone and Mihoshi had their 
gun's pointed directly at Azusa.  Shadow changed to his human form, and stood 
over Azusa, whatching the Emporer stand.  "This is a non-confrontation zone, 
Emporer Azusa.  In accordance with Galactic Law, I herby place you under arrest.  
Now, explain yourself!"
	Azusa sneered.  Tenchi and Yosho walked up next to Ryoko.  Washu stood 
next to Shadow.  He looked down at her.  "Where were you?"
	"I made sure to get Mayuka and the Empresses out of the way, thank you."  
Her computer appeared in front of her, and she began to type away.  "So, Emporer 
Azusa.  Care to tell me why you're trying to kill Tenchi?  Don't try lieing to 
me, because it won't work."
	Azusa shook his head.  "I'm afraid I can't give that little piece of 
information, Washu.  But, I will not stop until he is dead.  You can be certain 
of that."  Blinding light enveloped him.  Washu cursed as she covered her eyes.  
This energy reaction... She'd never seen anything like it.
	The light faded, and both the Emporer and his ship were gone.  "Dammit!  
That bastard!"  Ryoko let out a stream of curses.  Tenchi put a hand on her 
shoulder, his touch calming her.
	"Ryoko, please.  Let's help Ayeka and Sasami."  Ryoko nodded, and they 
walked over to the sisters.  Ryoko picked Ayeka up off of the ground.  The 
princess had nearly been nocked unconcious.
	"Father..."

***

	Ayeka winced a the touch of the ice pack on her face.  "Come on, take it."  
Kiyone held it to her face.  Ayeka held it, and let Kiyone pull her hand away.  
She was going to have a bruse from where her father had struck her.  She forced 
herself not to cry.  What had happened to change her father this way?  Had he 
gone mad, as Ryoko had said?  She looked to her brother.  His weathered face 
seemed older now, this revelation putting just as much strain on him was it was 
on her.  "Brother...," he looked up at her, but she couldn't think of what to 
say.  "I'm sorry.  I can't think of what to say.  This just so..."
	"Maddening," Ryoko ended her sentence.  
	All of them sat in the lounge, Sasami, Kiyone, and Ryo-ohki at Ayeka's 
side.  Misaki and Funaho sat next to them.  Everone else was standing, lost in 
their own thoughts.  Tenchi held his daughter close to him.  "I want to know 
what happened to him.  Why does he want me dead?"
	"Because his will is not his own."  Shadow stood in front of everyone.  He 
looked at Yosho.  "Now, do you agree?  Will you finally tell them all?  I saw 
her mark on Azusa.  There is nothing left we can hide."
	Yosho nodded, his face showing obivous displeasure.
	"Then I'll continue.  Tenchi, I know that I should have told you long ago 
that it was Azusa who put the bounty on you.  I apologize for my blindness.  I 
should have known that the rules of some silly guild did not apply here."
	Tenchi nodded.  "It's all right, Shadow.  You were trying to do what you 
thought was right."
	"What's a Twilight Person?"  Kiyone asked.  "I've never heard of that, 
before."
	Shadow took a deep breath.  "Yosho, Ayeka, and Wahsu already know what I 
am going to tell you about myself.  When the Tree of Light, Tsunami, created the 
first Juraians, the Twilight People were also created.  We were those Juraians 
who became stained by the Darkness, but not consumed by it.  A creature like 
Kain is the result of giving in to the Darkness.  We vowed never to turn totally 
to either the Darkness, or the Light, instead walking in the Shadows, the 
combination of Light and Darkness.  Doing so, our people were truly free to 
create our own destiny.  We have a great city, beneath the Royal Palace on 
Jurai, that only a handful of people we know about.  People we want to know.
	"There was only one family, those from the Juraian Royal Family who became 
Twilight People, who were exempt from this.  One in each generation of our 
family is chosen to act as a servant of the gods, doing whatever is needed of 
them when called.  I am a member of the royal family of Twilight.  I was also 
the one chosen to protect.  My true name is Seayo.  I learned of my duty when 
Tsunami called me to Earth, and told me in my dreams.  I would give my life to 
protect Mistress Sasami, and do anything to see her happy."  He finally ended, 
and sat on the floor.
	"So, who's mark is on Azusa's hand?"  Ryoko asked.  "I saw it, too.  If 
you were chosen to protect Sasami, then who's pulling the Emporer's strings?"
	Yosho spoke.  "We both learned this when we were very young.  I  met Seayo 
beneath the palace.  I saw that city, bathed in eternal Twilight.  I also 
learned then, of another goddess.  Her name is Lady Tokimi.  She is the one who 
wanted to meet Washu, when Dr. Clay kidnapped her and Ryoko.  She is a power-
hungry madwoman, who hides behind a visage of gentleness.  I have seen firsthand 
what her power can do, how it can warp a man to turn against everything he holds 
dear.  I am only grieved to see that she has taken ahold of my father."
	There was a long silence.  Everyone had taken in every single word the two 
men had spoke.  Washu felt her anger rise at the sound of that name.  Tokimi.  
So this was the person who had wanted to see her?  To make her into a mad 
servant like Azusa?  "So why does she want Tenchi?"
	Yosho shook his head.  "I don't know.  I doubt anyone can totally 
understand her motivations."
	Washu turned.  "A goddess?  Feh!  I'll show her.  I'll find out, even if I 
have to tear a black hole in her head!"  She walked into her lab, slamming the 
door behind her.  
	"Little Washu!"  Tenchi started to follow her.  The sound of Yosho's voice 
stopped him.
	"Tenchi, leave her be.  We still have more important things to worry 
about."
	"Like where our husband went to," Lady Funaho said.  "Misaki and I must 
return to Jurai.  With the Emporer gone, I don't know what could happen.  We 
have to be there to keep things under control.  We'll be able to send out a 
search for Azusa.  Maybe he can come to his senses on his own."
	Shadow resisted the urge to tell her that Azusa was dead.  Lady Tokimi's 
seal was on the man.  He was hers, body and soul.  Nothing could bring him back.
	"In that case, we must go now, Sister," Misaki nodded.  "We'll come back 
as soon as possible, I promise."  She waved at the group, and left, followed by 
her sister.
	After they had left, there was a long silence in the room.  Their ships 
could be heard leaving.  Tenchi was sad to see them go.  He could feel that they 
all had much ahead of them.  He sighed.  "I'm exhausted."  Mayuka yawned, and 
rested her head on her father's shoulder.  "Looks like she's in agreement."  
Tenchi walked upstairs to Mayuka's room.
	"Tenchi?"  He paused as he rose brom putting Mayuka in her crib.  He 
looked over his shoulder, and saw Ayeka standing in the doorway.
	"Ayeka?  What is it?"
	"I'm sorry, Tenchi.  I feel that this is my fault.  I don't understand why 
my father... has done this.  I don't want to see you hurt, Tenchi.  I can't bare 
the thought of you or Sasami being harmed, and now there are people out there 
who want to see both of you dead.  I just..."
	Tenchi stood, and hugged her.  Even if he wasn't in love with her, it 
calmed Ayeka to be near him.  "Don't worry, Ayeka.  I promised Ryoko that I 
would never let any one of us be hurt, and I'll keep it."
	She looked up and smiled, weakly.  "Thank you, Tenchi.  I'm tired.  I 
think I'll lay down, for a while." She walked into her room.  Tenchi stayed a 
moment, to make sure Mayuka was safe and sound in her crib, and went to his own 
room.  He half-hoped that Ryoko would be there, waiting for him, but she wasn't.  
He laid down on his bed, the excitement of the day taking it's toll on him.  The 
royalty of Jurai had come and gone in the space of a few hours, Azusa was set on 
killing him, Shadow Dog was a member of a sister race to the Juraians, and all 
of them were part of some goddess named Tokimi's game.
	Before he fell asleep, Tenchi wasn't sure if he sould be angry, or very 
frightened.

***

	Ryoko was both.  It was bad enough that there was a demon out there 
wanting to take away Sasami, but now the Emperor of Jurai wanted to kill Tenchi.  
If either one of those monsters got their way...
	She sighed, and took another sip of saki.  She'd finally found where 
Nobuyuki hid his good stuff, that cheapskate.  At least he didn't want to kill 
his offspring.  Ryoko's feet dangled off of the roof of the house, wanting to 
find something to kick.  Too bad she'd gotten bored with fighting with Ayeka and 
blowing holes in the house.  Niether seemed a good idea at the moment, but she 
still wanted to lash out at something, anything, to relieve her anger.
	It still wouldn't help.  That made her even angrier.  She was afraid for 
Tenchi, Sasami, and on some level everyone else.  There was nothing they could 
do now but sit and wait for some monster to try and attack them again.  It was 
almost like a bad dream.
	"Miya!"  Ryo-ohki hoped up into Ryoko's lap, staring up at her.  
	Ryoko smiled, petting the cabbit on the head.  "Do you ever worry, Ryo-
ohki?"
	"Miya,"  she could feel the sadness in Ryo-ohki's voice.  "Don't be 
scared, Ryoko.  I makes me sad when you're scared."  Why did that cabbit's voice 
have to sound so much like a little girl's?
	"Don't worry, Ryo-ohki.  I'm more pissed than scared."
	"Now that sounds more like the Ryoko I know."  The voice made Ryoko jump.  
She turned around.  Tenchi stood on the ladder.  He climbed up onto the roof, 
and sat down next to her.  
	"Have a good rest?"  She offered him the bottle of saki.
	He took it, "No, not really.  I slept, at least."  He took a drink, and 
handed it back to her.
	"Hm, you're probably getting more sleep than Washu.  We'll be lucky if she 
doesn't tear her black hole in the house."
	"She's busy, then?"
	"She just mad.  I've tried to talk to her, but she won't let me in."
	"You're not worried about her, are you?"
	Ryoko laughed.  "Ha!  Me, worried about that little brat?  Sounds to me 
like you're the one who isn't being serious, Tenchi."
	"Hm, for once, maybe."  Tenchi smiled, weakly.  "Don't be afraid, Ryoko.  
Please.  I hate it when you're afraid."
	"Oh, you're so sweet!"  Ryoko laughed, and wrapped her arms around him.  
Tenchi expected it, but he wasn't prepared when she began to phase them through 
the roof.
	"Wha! Ryoko!"
	They landed in Tenchi's room, onto his bed.  "Oh, stop being so serious."

***

	Well, at lest she felt a little better.  Ryoko's fist smashed into a tree, 
sending splinters into the air, and cracking it through the middle.  Making love 
to Tenchi... she couldn't have asked for more.  She still felt fear, and anger, 
but at least in his arms she found some comfort.  Comfort in knowing he was 
there.  
	She summoned her power into her sword, and leapt into the air.  She came 
down, hard, slicing a small boulder in half.  She hadn't had a workout like this 
in a long time.  It felt good to get out her anger.
	"And what, exactly, did that rock ever do to you?"  Shadow rose from the 
shadow of a tree.  She cosidered ignoring him, but that still wouldn't make him 
go away.  
	"What do you want, Shadow?"  She could barely hide the anger in her voice.  
	He could tell she was angry, and still acted nonchalant.  "Sasami has 
dinner almost ready.  She sent me to look for you, since pretty much everyone 
else is asleep."  He looked out at the valley below them.  "I'm suprised Tenchi 
can even walk after what you did to him this afternoon."   
	He heard her energies focus into the center of her hand.  Ryoko was using 
all of her strength to not fire at him.  "You have no right to talk about 
Tenchi.  You kept secrets from us, Shadow."
	He nodded.  "Yes, I did.  I did so because Tsunami asked me to.  I could 
have said something.  I could have told all of you, the whole time."
	"Because of you, all of this could have been avoided.  Ayeka and Sasami 
wouldn't have had to go through this."  She moved closer, keeping her arm 
raised.
	He looked at her.  He could see Ryoko's eyes flash intensly in the light 
of the setting sun.  "Don't try to convince yourself of that, Ryoko.  What would 
you have done if I told you it was Azusa from the beginning?  Do you think Ayeka 
or Sasami would have believed me?  Would any of you have believed it?"
	"Shutup!  You're just rationalizing it."
	"If you really belive that my saying anything before today would have 
changed things, then go ahead and shoot.  I won't blame you."  There was a long 
moment of tension.  Shadow could smell it in the air.  Ryoko finally lowered her 
arm, her energies fading.  "It wasn't any easier living with the secret than it 
is dealing with the truth. I don't care if you've lost any respect you had for 
me, Ryoko.  If it makes any difference, I apologize."
	Ryoko shook her head, and whatched the sun.  "I'm not going to say you're 
wrong, Shadow.  You're probably right.  Azusa is mad, and it wouldn't have made 
anything easier if we'd known it before now.  Of course, I'm not going to admit 
I'm wrong."
	Shadow smiled.  "So, that's why he loves you."  Ryoko looked at him, 
questioningly.  "You're so pretty when you're angry."  
	Ryoko hit Shadow across the face, sending him sprawling along the ground.  
After the whole of reality stopped spinning, Shadow looked up.  Ryoko stood over 
him, tapping her foot.  "Yes, I know I deserved that."
	"Good.  Now, come on.  I'm hungry, and I'll be damned if you're gonna be 
left out here to cause more trouble."

***

	"Yes, ma'am.  You'll have the requisition forms proccessed within the 
hour."  The screen vanished.  Mitsuki sat back, and smiled.  She'd managed to 
manipulate the data and pull enough strings to make the boy a wanted criminal.  
Not enough to get a warrant, but enough to requisition some heavy equipment to 
go out and capture him herself.  It would be an easy arrest.  Mitsuki had read 
through Mihoshi's old report on the Kagato incident, which, even though 
censored, gave enough for Mitsuki to know what to expect.  All there was on 
Earth to worry about was a mad scientist, two detectives, a princess and a space 
pirate.
	Mitsuki rubbed the sigil on the back of her left hand.  "And a partridge 
in a pear tree," she sang quietly to herself.  Kiyone and her partner would be 
easy enough for Mitsuki to take care of.  Once they were out of they were out of 
the way, it would only be a matter of storming the house.  Too easy.
	Lady Tokimi would have the boy.  D3's words echoed inside her head.  "Let 
no one stand in your way."

***

	"Tenchi, could you go get Washu?  I'm worried-- dinner's almost ready and 
she hasn't come out of her lab yet."
	Tenchi nodded.  "Sure, Sasami."  He walked out of the kitchen over to the 
door under the stairs.  He couldn't believe how strong Sasami was being.  After 
what had happened with her father today, Tenchi would have bee suprised to see 
her ever even smile again, much less be cooking dinner.  He shook has head.  
Maybe he wasn't giving her enough credit.
	He nocked on Little Washu's door, and waited.  There was no answer.  He 
should have expected it.  Ryoko had said that Washu had blocked off her end of 
the link they shared.  What could she be doing in there?  He nocked again, and 
waited.  Still no answer.	He pushed the door.  It wasn't locked, and swung 
open.  Tenchi didn't hear the usual clang of Washu's crab.  As he stepped 
inside, Tenchi mumbled, "It's never been this dark in here."  Most of the lights 
in Washu's lab were turned off.  He could dimly make out Washu's figure sitting 
at her chair, typing away on her computer.  "Little Washu?  It's dinner time, 
Washu."  He walked up behind her, and shook her shoulder.  "Washu, come on!  
You've been in here for too long, and--!"  He froze.
	Washu's eyes were closed.  Her chest moved up and down slowly with each 
quiet breath.  Her mouth hung open a little, drool dripping down her chin.  Her 
hands were still moving.  They moved across the keyboard like fleshy spiders, 
putting data and commands, reacting to the computer as if they had a mind of 
their own.  Tenchi grabbed Washu's shoulders, and shook her.  "Washu!  Washu, 
wake up!"  She norted a little.  "Washu!"
	Her eyes opened, looking around.  "Tenchi?  Why are you holding me?"
	He breathed, relaxing himself.  "Are you all right, Washu?"  He put a hand 
to her forehead, checking for a fever.
	"Yes, I feel perfectly fine," she pushed his hand away.  "What is this, 
Tenchi?  You look like you've seen a ghost?"  
	He looked at her with concern.  "I came to get you for dinner, and you 
were asleep."
	Washu shook her head.  "Well, why did you wake me up?"  She jumped off her 
chair, and started to walk to the door.  "I've been needing some sleep, anyway."
	"Because you were still working."
	Washu stopped and looked back at him.  "What do you mean?"
	"Just that.  You were asleep, but your hands were still working, like they 
had a mind of their own."  Her face turned ashen.  "Washu, please, you need to 
get out of here."  He started to guide her to the door, but Washu turned and ran 
back to her chair.  She sat down, and began typing madly.  "Washu!  What are you 
doing?"
	She spoke without looking up from her work.  "This is important somehow, 
Tenchi.  I know it is.  If I could just put this in, find out how it fits..."
	"Washu, stop!"  Tenchi yelled at her.  She stopped.  "You're acting like 
you're possessed.  Like you're not even human. A damn machine!"  He took a deep 
breath, trying to calm himself.  "We've got enough to worry about without you 
breaking down, Washu.  I know it's hard, but please, Washu, come and eat.  
You..."
	"I'm scaring you," she finished.  "You're right.  I... don't know what's 
happening to me, Tenchi.  Somethings going on inside of me.  At first, I thought 
it was just insomnia, but now..."
	Tenchi put a hand on her shoulder.  "Come on, Little Washu.  Sasami has 
dinner ready.  She''ll be upset if it gets cold before we have any."  He led 
Washu out of her lab, closing the door behind them.
	Washu shuddered.  She felt a chill in the air, even though it was only the 
end of summer.  "I'll be fine, Tenchi.  I just need time to figure this out."  
She wasn't so sure, even as she said the words.

***

	"So, who is Tokimi?"  Sasami asked Shadow, through their link.  "I 
remember my dream, Shadow.  Why does she want Tenchi?"
	"I don't know, Mistress Sasami.  All I can really remember from the 
legends is that Lady Tokimi was a goddess, who's motivations are thought to be 
incomprehensible to many.  Supposedly, madness eventually infects anyone who 
follows her.  I... I don't know why she chose to control your father, Mistress.  
I'm only sorry that I couldn't do anything to stop it."  He reached for a second 
helping of noodles.  Everyone was quiet at the dinner table.  They weren't sure 
how to discuss it, or even if they should.  
	"It isn't your fault, Shadow.  I know that.  Even if you told us that 
Father put the bounty on Tenchi..."
	"What are you two talking about?"  Ayeka asked.  "It's all right.  We all 
know it's how you two talk."  She still seemed tired, the bruise on her face an 
ugly shade of purple.  "Shadow, I just wanted... to thank you."  Even though 
there probably should have been several gasps of suprise, no one did.  "You 
protected us, today.  Both you, and Ryoko.  I thank both of you."	
	Ryoko quietly ate her food.  "Come on, Ayeka.  You're getting emotional-- 
it'll upset your bruise."
	Ayeka smiled.  "I don't blame you for not telling us, Shadow.  I want you 
to know that."
	Shadow bowed his head.  "Thank you, Lady Ayeka."	
	Tenchi spoke up, "Shadow, Grandpa, if you could tell us anything about 
this Tokimi, I think now would be the best time."
	"Just what I was telling Mistress Sasami.  No one can figure out what Lady 
Tokimi wants.  Why she wanted to see Washu, or why she wants you, or why she 
took control of Azusa.  One of the surest signs of her influence is that those 
followers who are not immediatly important to her become consumed by a madness 
of the soul.  At least, that's what I've heard."
	"It's not merely a madness, Seayo,"  Yosho added.  "It's a sickness of the 
soul.  It drives people to things they would never do, and can't stop themselves 
from doing.  They don't possess their own wills."
	"You mean that there might be a way to bring the Emperor back?"  Tenchi 
asked.  Even that small hope seemed like something important.  Yosho nodded.
	"For his sake, and all of ours, Tenchi, I pray that is so."
	Washu sat listening intently.  She had been spending the last few hours in 
her lab trying to collect every piece of data she could on Dr. Clay, Azusa, and 
herself.  Something was happening in the universe, also.  Energy distortions 
like she had never seen.  Her mind had forgotten completely about Tsunami and 
Shadow Dog, and Tenchi's Light Hawk Wings.  What was happening out there, in the 
blackness of space?  Was the same thing that had taken control of Azusa trying 
to take control of her, also?
	"Washu?"  Mihoshi spoke to her.  "Are you okay?  You haven't touched your 
dinner.  You're not getting sick are you?"  Mihoshi put her hand to Washu's 
forehead.
	The scientist noticed Tenchi glance at her, and then pushed Mihoshi away.  
"I'm fine, Mihoshi.  Don't trouble yourself."
	"You know, I've got some really good medicine.  Maybe you should--"
	"I'm all right, damn it!"  Washu stood over Mihoshi, yelling down at her.  
Everyone stared.  Washu's face turned red when she noticed, and sat back down.  
"I mean... I'm just tired.  That's all."  She saw Ryoko looking at her from 
across the table.  Her daughter was trying to communicate through their link.  
She could feel Ryoko pushing against the barriers.  "She never is very subtle," 
Washu thought.  "I'm fine," she repeated, talking directly to Ryoko.  Her 
daughter backed off.  "I just haven't been sleeping well, lately.  That's all."

***

	Tenchi woke up with a start.  His breath came out in ragged gasps.  
"Tenchi?"  He turned, and found himself looking into two large, bloodshot eyes.  
	"Aaahh!"  Tenchi jumped, smacking his head against the wall.  "Ow!"  He 
shook his head, clearing it.  He sighed as he opened his eyes.  "Ryoko!  Why are 
you whatching me sleep?"
	"Don't be angry, Tenchi."  Ryoko sat on the bed.  "I was just--"
	"Worried about me.  I know."  He hung his head, rubbing the back of it.
	"You shouldn't be so jumpy, anyway." Ryoko's hand reached around him, her 
fingers gently rubbing the fresh bruise.  "You little fool," she scolded.  
Tenchi looked out the window above his bed, up at the night sky.  "You were 
having a nightmare, weren't you?"
	Tenchi nodded.  "I... I don't even really remember it, but," he shivered, 
"somehow I know it was so vivid.  So real.  I felt...," he looked at Ryoko.  
"I'm sorry.  I'm just worrying you."
	She leaned forward, and embraced him.  "You were dreaming about the 
Emperor, though.  Weren't you?"
	"Yes.  But I'm more worried about Washu.  She lied to everyone at dinner.  
I saw her..."
	"What?"
	"I saw her asleep at her work.  But, her hands were still working.  It was 
like she was a machine."  He looked at Ryoko's eyes.  They reflected the 
moonlight.  So beautiful.  "Something's coming, Ryoko.  I can feel it.  I 
learned how to summon the Light Hawk Wings today, although Grandpa and Shadow 
Dog had to push me.  Ever since then, I've had this feeling nudging at me.  
There is something out there, coming for us."  He paused.  "Damn it, I'm so 
stupid.  I'm sorry, Ryoko.  I'm keep scaring you.  I'm scaring myself."   
	"Shut up, Tenchi.  You need some sleep."  She pushed him down onto the 
bed, and rested her head on his chest.  "Hm, I've been a handful, haven't I?"  
She drew circles on his chest.  "We're all tired, Tenchi.  If you're going to 
protect us from whatever's coming, you need to get your rest."  She reached up 
and kissed him.  "Besides, I'm going to be right there beside you.  Do you 
honestly think I'd let you protect everyone all by yourself?  You'd be hogging 
all of the fun."
	Tenchi smiled, and kissed her back, already feeling drowsy, again.  It 
amazed him that she could be this strong.  "I love you very much, Ryoko."
	"Just go to sleep, Tenchi.  I'll be right here when you wake up."

***

	The beeping jolted Mitsuki awake.  She cursed herself, even though she 
knew she'd never make the trip to the Sol system without falling asleep.  She 
looked at the screen in front of her, and smiled.  She was only a few hours away 
from Earth, now.  The sigil on her hand itched a little, no matter how much she 
scratched it.  It was just reacting to her excitement.  So soon, she would have 
that damn boy, and then maybe she'd finally be free from Lady Tokimi's service.
	The screen flashed, signaling an incoming transmission.  Mitsuki grated 
her teeth.  "Who the hell is this?"  She pressed to recieve.  Hikage Unihasa's 
face filled the screen.  Mitsuki couldn't measure how much she hated that face.  
His handsome features, his short, dark hair, and that smile.  It held an 
arrogance that only a Juraian noble could have.  
	"Mitsuki, what do you think you are doing?"
	"What's it any of your business, Hikage?" She hissed.  "I've got a mission 
to perform."
	"What are you talking about?"
	Mitsuki wished she could reach across space to strangle him.  "I shouldn't 
have to explain myself to you," she mumbled.  "D3 sent me on this mission.  I'm 
supposed to get a boy from Earth."
	Hikage cursed under his breath.  "A boy by the name of Tenchi, yes?"
	Mitsuki's eyes narrowed at Hikage's image.  "What do you know about it?"
	"I read Detective Mihoshi's report, you idiot.  I've seen what he can do.  
He's too far out of your league, Mitsuki.  Let me handle him."
	"No!"  Mitsuki slammed her fist down on the ship's control panel.  "This 
is my assignment, Hikage.  Don't you try and steal this from me.  Clay learned 
from that the hard way."
	Hikage sat back in his chair, thinking.  Maybe a change of tactics is what 
was needed.  "Fine.  Bring the boy to me after you've captured him.  I've sent a 
convoy, they'll escort you halfway on your jouney here."
	"Hikage, I--!"  The screen went black.  "Damn you!  You bastard!  I'll 
kill you!"  Her own words made her stop.  She'd said that to him before, when 
she'd first met him, and come under Lady Tokimi's power.  When Mitsuki came to 
learn of her own horrible birthright.  It was the one thing that she and Hikage 
shared, and the only reason he was alive.  She'd be free of this, or see him 
dead.  Which ever came first before her own death.


Author's Notes:  Yes!  The Emporer finally goes off his rocker!  Man, this 
series is starting to write itself, almost.  Creepy.  I can't wait to get this 
show off of Earth, so I'm already starting on part eight (and finally the real 
plot!)  The complaint department is at killersquid@ticnet.com.     
          
	                 
