Disclaimer:  I do not own any of the characters of Tenchi Muyo!  They are owned 
by AIC and Pioneer North America.  I did not create them, and their use here is 
strictly for the enjoyment of myself and anyone who gets bored enough to read 
this.  In other words: Please don't sue my poor ass.

Tenchi Muyo!
From the Blood of the Gods: Part 2-- A Calm Day, Sort Of  (or "No Need for 
Legends")
by the Loneshark

	Tenchi slowly opened his door, and poked his head out.  He looked both 
ways, and, seeing that the cosat was clear, carefully sneaked out of his room.  
It was early in the morning, only a few minutes left before sunrise.  He 
carefully tread past the room that belinged to Ayeka, Sasami, and the ridiculous 
duo of Miho-Kiyo.  He knew, like Washu, that it was almost impossible to wake 
them up, but now they had something sleeping outside, next to the door.  Tenchi 
crept by the large, snoring black hound with an aura of black fire surrounding 
it, and a large red gem in it's forehead.
	The being known as Shadow Dog had been living with them for almost a week 
now, and Tenchi was still slowly beginning to learn more and more about him.  
Everyone had found out the hard way not to touch Shadow Dog in his hound form 
when Tenchi's father, Nobuyuki, tried petting him.  The black fire may not have 
given off any heat, but it could surely burn.  Nobuyuki's hand was still 
bandaged.  The only one who seemed to be unharmed by the shadow flame was 
Sasami.  Shadow had spent much time with Sasami, who had related to him 
everything that had happened in the past three years since Tenchi had released 
Ryoko from her prison in the cave.  But, he tried everything within his power to 
avoid Mihoshi, who in turn had related the tale of her loving relationship with 
the mysterious bounty hunter.  It was obvious that Shadow Dog was still 
recovering from the experience.
	The strange thing was that Shadow Dog was rarely away from Sasami for more 
than thirty minutes.  He helped her cook, take care of chores around the house, 
and even care for Mayuka.  Although he was very polite and, even Tenchi had to 
admit, just a nice guy, he was becoming liked by everyone but Ryoko.  She still 
obviously did trust him.   Whenever Shadow went near Mayuka, Tenchi knew that 
Ryoko was somewhere, whatching him.  Even though the bounty hunter had made it 
clear to Ryoko that he was only here to help, and had even turned his back on 
everything he knew, she still refused to leave him alone with anyone.
	The most amazing thing yet about Shadow was that he didn't mind helping 
Sasami, and how well Mayuka took to him.  Tenchi's daughter used to cry if her 
grandfather ever tried to hold her, but she readily leapt at Shadow Dog.  And 
she wasn't even hurt by his flames.
	Tenchi continued on past the guard dog, not noticing the beast crack open 
one of it's buring red eyes as Tenchi passed by, whatching him with all the 
intensity of a true hunter.  He thought about checking on Mayuka as he walked 
passed her room, but knew that Sasami would be up soon, leaving him little time 
to enjoy the imminent moment.  He walked down the stairs, careful not to make 
the boards creak under his weight.  "Finally, I figured out how Grandpa does 
that," he thought to himself.
	On the second floor of the house, Tenchi could see perfectly out over the 
rafters hanging above the lounge.  He looked out at the sleeping figure that 
made the rafters her personal perch.  He leaned against the bannister, and 
quietly breathed in the early morning air, taking in the scene.  Ryoko slept 
calmly as the first rays of sunlight started to break over the horizon, spilling 
over her form and casting it in a yellow glow.  Tenchi couldn't help but smile; 
it was beautiful.
	He had started this a few months ago.  It has started by accident, quite 
honestly.  He had woken up early one morning, even earlier than now, with almost 
a full hour before sunrise.  He knew that he wouldn't be able to get in anymore 
sleep, and decided to go downstairs, maybe get an early start in on the fields.  
But he had forgotten to dress anyway, and walked downstairs quietly.  When he 
reached the spot he was now standing at, he noticed Ryoko.  She was asleep, 
quiet and peaceful.  He could keep time by the sound of her breathing, whatching 
the rise and fall of her... chest as she slept.  He had been so captured by the 
sight; he couldn't explain himself.  After that first time, he had begun to do 
it more and more, whenever Ryoko wasn't up all night whatching him.  At first, 
only once or twice a week, but recently, he did it every chance he got.  He 
would wake up early, long before anyone else, and stand there, whatching Ryoko 
sleep.  He had even drawn a sketch of it, that he kept hidden in his room.
	"It's... she's beautiful," he thought.  Tenchi shook his head.  "What are 
you doing?"  he asked himself.

	There was another person awake in this pre-dawn hour.  Washu hadn't slept 
at all that night, working on a new project: the connection between Sasami and 
the newest member of the household, Shadow Dog.  Washu hadn't gotten the chance 
yet to trap... er, invite Shadow into her lab to experi... uh, gather data on 
him.  He was even more difficult to corner than Tenchi.  But, it left her more 
time to compile some new pieces of data on Tenchi's ability to manifest the 
Light Hawk Wings.  It was from his fight with Yazuha, but the fight had been in 
another dimension, so it had taken her almost a year to finally compile it and 
sort it for analyzation.
	Suddenly, her computer screen flashed, and another warning sounded.  She 
turned it off, and switched to one of the hidden cameras she had scattered 
throughout the house.  It gave her a perfect view of Tenchi as he stood on the 
second floor balcony.  She had been trying for weeks to catch him doing this, 
but never seemed to be able to.  "Now, I have caught you," she whispered.  Washu 
hit a key on her computer, and a little light came on in the corner of the 
screen, assuring that this recording was being fed into her private archive.
	A sub-space hole opened up next to Washu, and she reached in and pulled 
out a small bag of fresh popcorn.  The hole closed, and Washu sat back, muching 
on her morning snack, and whatching the young man whom she never knew to have 
voyueristic tendencies before.
	"Hm, I knew you didn't think of my daughter as a monster," Washu smiled.  
The smile grew into low chukle, then a laugh, and finally into Washu's trademark 
nasal, howling cackle.  It was a sound that would've made any mad scientist 
proud.

	The black, shadowy hound crept up slowly behind Tenchi.  A large grin 
split his toothy snout as he thought about what he was about to do.  Normally, 
he was nice and composed, but the opportunity that had presented itself to give 
the boy a scare was just too good to pass up.  Shadow Dog took a deep breath, 
planted his four feet firmly, and let out a low, menacing growl for all he was 
worth.  "GRRR!"
	Tenchi felt his hair stand on end all over his body, his heart leapt up 
into his throat, and his eyes grew as big as serving platters.  The sudden 
feeling of terror that the growl behind him had induced threw Tenchi's balance 
off, and he began to flip over the railing.  The world spun as he found his 
sight suddenly changed from that of the slumbering Ryoko, to the floor far below 
him.  He felt his body begin to fall, and then it suddenly stopped.
	Shadow Dog had quickly changed into his human form, and held Tenchi by the 
ankles.  Tenchi looked up to see Shadow's pale, devious grin.  The bounty hunter 
put a finger to his lips, signaling for Tenchi to remain silent, and hauled the 
boy back up.  Ryoko remained sleeping.
	In her lab, Washu laughed upraoriously at the seen.  She feel off of her 
coushin, and clutched her sides in joyous agony.
	Tenchi held his head for a moment as the world began to stop spinning.  
When he could see straight, he looked at Shadow Dog, who was smiling the biggest 
grin Tenchi had seen him wear.  Shadow bit his lip, trying not to laugh.  "So... 
hehe... sorry," he choked on his laughter, "I... just couldn't resist the 
opportunity."
	Before Tenchi could say anything to him, Shadow fled to a shadowy corner 
against the wall, and melted into it.  Tenchi sighed.  Sometimes the bounty 
hunter could make him as nervous as Ryoko did, but for entirely different 
reasons.
	"Lord Tenchi?"  Ayeka walked down the stairs, her eyes still half-shut.  
"Lord Tenchi, are you all right?  I heard a shout, and... Oh, Lord Tenchi!  You 
look so pale!"
	"Oh, It's nothing, Ayeka, really.  I'm fine."
	There was a moan, and Tenchi and Ayeka turned to see Ryoko roll over in 
her sleep, and open one yellow eye.  "Why does your chipmunk voice have to wake 
me up this early?"  The demoness arched her back as she stretched, and looked at 
the sunlight pouring in through the windows.  Her gaze went to Tenchi, a 
mischievous grin following.  "Hmm, I was going to take a bath before breakfast 
this morning."  She teleported over to Tenchi, her arms around his shoulders.  
"Care to join me, darling?"
	Tenchi stammered, that nervous feeling coming back strong.  
	A vein could be seen in Ayeka's forehead.  "Ooh, will you leave him alone!  
It's too early for you to bother Lord Tenchi."
	Ryoko gritted teeth, and tossed Tenchi aside.  "Wanna try and stop me?"  
Energy crackled around Ryoko's hands.  Ayeka's forcefield shimmered into being.  
They growled at each other.  
	"Uhh, ladies?  Please, could you... not... fight?"  It was already too 
late.  Tenchi dived off of the balcony down to the first floor, hoping to take 
cover before they began.  Battle ensued.
	In their personal realms, the gods of destruction and mayhem cheered as 
their two most devoted disciples spread their gospel.
	When the smoke cleared, Shadow Dog melted out of the element that shared 
his name.  He cautiously looked around the living room of the Masaki household, 
and seeing no one was there, made his way to the kitchen.  He failed to notice, 
however, the rather large hole in the wall on the second floor, or the two young 
women lying on the ground outside.  He did see the terrified young man cowering 
behind the couch.  Shadow raised an eyebrow, having stepped into shadows, and 
missing the display of power and carnage.  "Tenchi?  I didn't scare you that 
badly, did I?"
	The boy shook his head, and pointed at the hole in the wall.  Shadow Dog 
turned around, and his eyes grew wide.  Some plaster fell from the top of the 
hole, and through the window he could see two shapes that could barely be 
distigushed as seperate people lying on the ground.  "But, if they went out 
through the hole, how did they end up so far away from it?"  Shadow Dog thought 
the question, but dared not contemplate the answer.  He shrugged, and continued 
on his way to the kitchen.
	"I hope Washu doesn't charge me for fixing the house this time," Tenchi 
muttered.  He wondered when Sasami would be up and ready to cook breakfast; he 
was really hungry.

***

	After breakfast, Washu had went to work on fixing the latest damage done 
to the house by Ryoko and Ayeka.  Actually, she just had some machines 
controlled by remote do it.  It was too simple, almost an afterthought to the 
greatest scientific genius in the universe.  And it was so demeaning!
	With all the things she had to think about, inventions, reality-shattering 
equations, Tenchi's Light Hawk Wings, Shadow Dog's connection with Tsunami, she 
could still be called upon to fix a little hole in the wall.  Washu rubbed her 
temples, trying to releave the headache.  She knew it wasn't the hole that was 
bothering her.  She honestly didn't mind doing such things, no matter how much 
she complained to herself about them.  It was relaxing to do something so simple 
and practical.  
	It was just... this damn mystery!  Tsunami had been so cryptic, and her 
"Guardian" wasn't being any help, always following Sasami around or trying to 
avoid Mihoshi.  She was sure he knew something about it, or it was locked up in 
his mind somewhere, where he couldn't consciously reach it.  If only she were 
able to dig around in that brain...
	"No!  Absolutly not!"  Washu shuddered.  She had promised to never use 
that again.  The danger involved with such a process was too great.  Searching 
someone's mind directly was the very thing that had driven Kagato mad, the thing 
that sparked his quest for the ultimate treasure.  All it took was one wrong 
turn down an alien mind...
	She pushed the idea out of her head.  It was not an option, under any 
circumstance.
	Well, then, there had to be a way...
	"Miss Washu?"  She jumped, looking behind herself to see Ayeka standing in 
the doorway.
	"Oh, Ayeka, you made me jump.  What can I do for you?"
	It took Ayeka an extra second to answer.  Washu had never "jumped" when 
someone entered her lab.  Ayeka had been thoroughly convinced that Washu knew 
immediatly when someone entered her lab, and could identify them just by the 
sound of the door opening.
	"It's tea time.  I was making sure you didn't get wrapped up in your work 
again."
	Washu smiled.  "Thanks, I'll be right there."  As Ayeka left, Washu's mind 
began to work over time.  "Hehe, perfect.  Shadow never hangs around for tea 
time.  Now's my chance!"

***
	Washu was right.  As soon as tea time rolled around, and Sasami placed a 
dish of snacks on the table, Shadow bolted out the door.  The thirteen-year old 
girl's company was enjoyable, but Shadow Dog had no desire to sit and whatch 
soap operas from the other side of the galaxy.  And he didn't even want to think 
about being near Mihoshi!  The horror...
	He padded around outside in his hound form.  This planet's weather was 
very pleasent, the sun casting long, deep shadows.  He laid down in the shade of 
a tree near the house, and grumbled his content.  Maybe being here wasn't so 
bad.  So what if Mihoshi was on the same planet... in the same house... right in 
the next room as he slept... it could have been worse.  He really could have 
died out there, alone in the cold of space.
	A random thought had popped into his head.  Who was whatching Mayuka?  
Tenchi's daughter intrigued the bounty hunter.  He could feel the light that 
pulsed deep within Tenchi, although it had taken him a few days to recognize it.  
He had never learned of such power from a living being.  His daughter's power, 
however, was very different.  It was clearly a result of her genisis, the tale 
of which Shadow had learned from Sasami.  Mayuka had been a fusion of light and 
darkness, and glowing beacon in the night.  Or a black dot in the light, 
depending on how you looked at it.  
	The nature of her power was so close to Shadow Dog's own...
	He heard the laughter of a babe, and opened an eye to see Tenchi sitting 
in front of the house, Mayuka in his lap.  Father holding daughter, playing with 
her, making her laugh.  It was enough to warm your heart.  
	Shadow shook the feeling off.  "Great Tsunami!  Don't left me get soft!"  
He stood, and walked over to the pair.  
	Tenchi looked up when he noticed the black hound approach.  He waved, 
signaling for the beast to come over.  When it reached Tenchi and his daughter, 
Mayuka toddled up to it, and patted it on the head.  Shadow gave a fanged grin, 
and took a step back.  The form of the hound was engulfed in a pillar of black 
fire, and when it cleared, Shadow sat in human form, dressed in a pair of shorts 
and a shirt that Sasami had bought him as a gift.  They even fit.
	"Hello, Tenchi.  Taking a day off from the fields?"  Mayuka stared at the 
man who had been a dog, and then smiled and clapped her hands, finding the trick 
funny.
	Tenchi nodded.  "Yea, I didn't really need to do it today.  Besides, I 
don't think I've been spending enough time with Mayuka.  She is my daughter, 
after all."
	Shadow Dog looked up for a second into the sky.  It was so blue.  
"Actually, I wanted to talk with you about her."  Tenchi gave a quizzical look, 
and Shadow continued.  "It's about her... nature.  Sasami told me about what 
happened a year ago, when Yazuha stole some of your genetic material and created 
Mayuka."
	Tenchi nodded.  "Yea, I don't think I'll ever really forget that day.  
It's changed all our lives."  He scooped Mayuka up on his arms, tickling her.  
She laughed, and swatted at her father's hand.  "She's... become the child of 
the whole family.  Everyone in the house puts as much as they can into raising 
her."
	Shadow mused.  Family?  They thought of themselves as a family?  "I guess 
he's right," he thought.  He continued, "She's a creature of both light and 
darkness, you know?"  Tenchi nodded, wondering where he was going with this.  
Shadow lifted a hand, looking at it out of idle curiosity.  "She's a creature of 
shadow.  In a way, she's like me."
	"What do you mean?"
	"It's inside her.  I can feel it, like I can feel your power, and Ryoko's.  
I can... smell it, to be crude.  I was... I have always been a creature of 
shadow.  I exist between the light and the darkness, aloof to both.  Mayuka is 
like that, except she can slip into either one if influenced properly.  That's 
why she can touch me without getting hurt-- I think our powers are related, 
somehow."
	Tenchi sat, listening intently.  There were many implications in the 
bounty hunter's words.  Implications of Mayuka's potential.  "You're saying that 
she'll be powerful when she grows up, right?"
	Shadow nodded.  "Basically, yes."  He stood up, and walked over to Mayuka, 
and returned her pat on the head.  "But, like I've said before, I'm here for 
Mistress Sasami's sake.  She's your daughter, and I'm sure you'll know what to 
do when the time comes."
	"Very interesting story, Shadow."  Both men jumped at the unexpected voice 
of Washu.  She stood behind Tenchi, smiling.  Tenchi stood, and turned around.
	"Oh, Little Washu!  What are you doing out here?  I  thought you'd be 
inside, whatching t.v.?"
	Washu scratched her head.  "Eh, it was a re-run.  Actually, I could use a 
little help in the lab.  Would either of you care to volunteer?"
	Tenchi and Shadow winced.  Tenchi didn't want to go through Washu's 
incessant attempt to collect a sperm sample.  Shadow had heard such horrific 
tales, again, from Sasami.  He wondered what terror the demented scientist would 
try to put him through.
	"Well, I really should be getting back to Mistress Sasami, if she's done--
"  he didn't get to finish.
	"Oh, Shadow, thank you for volunteering."  In a flash, Washu was standing 
behind Shadow Dog, pushing the young man toward her lab.  "You don't know how 
much I appreciate this."
	"But... I... didn't... I mean..."  What had just happened?
	Washu waved to Tenchi.  "By Tenchi.  Call me for lunch."
	Tenchi waved as Washu dragged away her prisoner.  "Poor guy."

***

	Shadow awoke to find himself strapped to a metal table that stood almost 
vertically in the air.  His head felt fine, strange when compared to every other 
time he woke up in some strange place and didn't know how he got there.  He 
tried to recall the last few moments before he blacked out.  He was talking with 
Tenchi, and then Washu showed up and said something about needing help in her 
lab, volunteering Shadow.  He walked into her lab before her, and then felt a 
sharp pain in his arm...
	"Washu!"  Shadow Dog gritted his teeth.  "That little... this things I'm 
gonna do to her when I get loose... eh?"  Shadow Dog felt a draft.  He looked 
down, seeing that not only was he strapped to the table, but he had been 
stripped down to his underwear!  "How humiliating."
	"What, exactly, are you going to do to me if you get loose?"  He heard 
Washu's nasal voice before she came out from behind some machinery.  She smiled, 
and walked up to Shadow, pinching a pale piece of skin on his stomach.  "If 
you're really that lonely, all you have to do is ask."  She cackled with 
perverse glee.
	Shadow grimaced down at her.  "What's the meaning of this, Washu?"  He 
remembered Tenchi's warning of never to let Washu corner Shadow in her lab.  
Tenchi's own experience had been... less that pleasant.
	Washu's smile grew even wider, and she typed on her holocomputer as it 
appeared in front of her.  "Oh, I was just taking a few samples.  You seem very 
much like humans, but also different.  I just thought I should archive it, see 
if there is anything else like you out there."
	"You mean the Twilight People?"
	Washu raised an eyebrow.  "The who?"
	"It's the name of my race.  If you wanted to know about me, Washu, you 
could've just asked."
	"Yea, well, I like this way better.  It made it easier to get the sperm 
sample."  She giggled as Shadow Dog's expression changed from a grimace to 
mortification.  She didn't think it was possible for that skin to be any paler.  
"Oh, don't worry.  You should be happy to know that you're a... rather 
impressive specimen."  She walked up to the helpless man, pulled his shorts out, 
and let them go, snapping  them against his skin.
	  She sat down on her floating cushion, realizing that if she said much 
more, he very well would try to get out of those constraints.  And who knew 
>exactly< what he was capable of?  "But, seriously, Shadow, I would like you to 
tell me some more about yourself.  I heard what you were telling Tenchi.  Why do 
you think your and Mayuka's powers are connected?"
	Shadow took a deep breath.  Now was the time for the scholarly role that 
he so disliked.  "I'm probably the first of my kind you've ever encountered.  We 
are... a secretive people.  When the first house of Jurai was created from the 
Tree of Light, Tsunami, and in time the entire people of the Jurain Empire, the 
Twilight People were also born.  In a sense, we are the dark cousins of the 
Jurai.  Although we never totally gave in to the darkness, we were stained by 
it.  We vowed to never give over to either Light or Darkness, and remain aloof 
to both.  We seek our own purpose in life.  In a sense, we are the only truly 
free people.
	"Mayuka is like that.  She was created from Tenchi's Jurai light and 
Yazuha's darkness, but in principal it's still the same.  She is very powerful, 
although not as strong as Tenchi.  Not yet."
	Washu listened, thinking.  She had never heard of a race like this, a 
branch of Jurains.  "So, you're the 'black sheep' of the first Jurai royal 
family?" 
	Shadow nodded.  "At least you understand.  Few do.  Especially the 
Jurains.  I doubt the Lady Ayeka would find comfort in the fact that something 
like me came from her 'noble blood.'"
	Washu tapped a few keys on her computer.  "Thanks for the information.  
This could definitely prove helpful."
	Shadow raised an eyebrow in his usual manner.  "You didn't tie me up for a 
history lesson and to take a few samples, did you?"
	Washu shook her head.  "Well you are smarter than you look."  She 
chuckled.  "Just kidding.  There's something else I wanted to know about.  
Tsunami called you a 'Guardian.'  At first, I thought this meant a Guardian of 
Jurai, but I was... wrong."  She spat the word, like a curse.  "She said that 
you were one of those chosen to protect.  Any idea what it means?"
	Shadow shook his head.  "No.  I studied a lot of legends when I was young, 
but I never read anything about 'Guardains.'  I only knew to come here because I 
was called.  I didn't even realize it was Tsunami who called me until I met 
Sasami."
	A thought struck Washu.  "Wait a minute, you've said that Sasami told you 
everything that's happened since Tenchi resurrcted Ryoko three years ago.  But, 
I've never seen you two speak when you're with her.  How could...,"  it dawned 
upon her.  "You can speak to each other, telepathically?"
	Shadow smiled, and nodded.  The red gem in his forehead flashed.  "Like I 
said, it's because of Tsunami.  We can't look into each other's thoughts, or, I 
can't look at her's, but we can communicate with each other.  It's quite a... 
unique experience.  Not all that unenjoyable, either."
	Washu sat a minute, thinking.  If Shadow Dog and Tsunami shared a mental 
link, just like her and Ryoko... damn, so many variables!  Washu snapped her 
fingers, and Shadow fell off of the table.  He crouched low to the ground, 
considering taking his hound form to give Washu a scare, when his clothes 
dropped on him.  "Thanks for your time, Shadow.  Believe me, it was 
appreciated."
	Shadow struggled with his shorts as he put them on, and then slipped on 
his t-shirt.  "Your welcome, Washu.  But, please, would you just ask next time?"
	Washu sighed.  "Yea, I guess.  You have to admit though, this way was much 
more fun!"  Shadow shook his head.  She truly was demented.  "Maybe next time 
I'll get Mihoshi to help me," Washu suggested.  At that thought, Shadow 
collapsed in fear.

***

	Ryoko gently swayed Mayuka back and forth.  The babe cooed in her arms, 
sleep slowly taking over.  She enjoyed spending time with Tenchi's daughter.  So 
many times as Kagato's puppet, she had imagined being held by her own mother, 
who's face she never knew until her body was pulled into another dimension 
aboard the Souja, and that little obnoxious red-head told Ryoko that she was her 
mother.  Washu had tried to act as more of a mother to Ryoko since then, but it 
was hard.  Sometimes she would tease Ryoko, and others she would be caring.  Was 
it so damn hard for that woman to just be honest?  That's all Ryoko wanted from 
her, was a little honesty.
	She looked down at and Mayuka, and wondered if the girl would ever ask 
Tenchi about her mother?  The answer would probably be easier if...  Ryoko 
placed her head close to the infant's and whispered.  "You'd like it if I was 
your mom, wouldn't you?"  Mayuka made a little sigh before she collapsed into 
sleep.  "Well, some help you are."
	Ryoko teleported into Mayuka's bedroom from the lounge downstairs, and 
gently placed her in the crib.  She whatched Mayuka sleep for a moment, and then 
yawned.  Good God!  Just whatching the kid sleep was making her tired!  She had 
to get out of here and find Tenchi.  He was training with his grandfather, 
and... that bounty hunter.
	She couldn't trust him.  No matter how much Sasami trusted him, or how 
much anyone liked him, Ryoko just could not trust the man.  She had met too many 
bounty hunters in her service to Kagato, and all of them wanted only one thing: 
money in their pocket, no matter who was in the way.  Not that she had cared 
much at the time, since she was the one being hunted.  This one did seem to be 
different, she had to admit.  He was even likable, of all things!  That, most of 
all, made her distrust him.  It was hard to not like someone when they were just 
likable.
	She teleported out of the room, and found herself in the forest near the 
shrine.  She sat for a moment in a tree, listening until she heard the sounds of 
fighting.  She flew toward them, knowing that they were hard at work just from 
the sound.  She came up on the small clearing which the three men were in, and 
settled down in a tree.  Katsuhito sat on his usual rock, Tenchi holding a 
bokken and fighting Shadow Dog.  Ryoko was suprised to see that Shadow wasn't 
holding a bokken as well.  He moved fast, either avoiding Tenchi's blows or 
blocking them with his limbs.  He moved like... like an animal, almost.  
	Ryoko thought about a week ago, when he first appeared.  She had aimed her 
first shot perfectly, it was designed to injure him without killing him.  She 
had wanted to interrogate him first, find out why he was there, and then take 
him out.  But the bastard only got right back up.  She realised how resiliant he 
must be.  Ryoko winced at the sound of the bokken striking Shadow in the ribs.  
It sounded painful, but Shadow kept going, not stopping for even half a second.  
He moved fluidly under Tenchi's bokken, slamming his fists into the boy's 
stomach.  He hit again, in Tenchi's chest and ribs.  Shadow's leg shot out, and 
Tenchi flew to the ground.
	It took Ryoko all of her willpower to not jump out of the tree and run to 
Tenchi, to help him, and to shove her energy sword into the bounty hunter's gut.  
She didn't like it, but she knew better than to interfere in Tenchi's practice.
	"I told you it would be good to practice against someone who doesn't use a 
sword," Katsuhito commented after Shadow helped Tenchi up.  
	"You're not hurt, are you?"  Shadow asked Tenchi.  Ryoko almost fell out 
of the tree.  Had she actually heard him ask someone if they were all right?  
Could he really have cared?
	Tenchi paused a moment, checking himself.  He nodded.  "Yea, I think so.  
Could you just try and not hit so hard next time?"
	Shadow blinked his red eyes, "Sorry.  Don't feel so bad though, few have 
beaten me hand-to-hand."
	Katsuhito yelled, pushing Tenchi aside, and took practiced, professional 
strikes at Shadow Dog.  The bounty hunter moved, dodging and blocking, but Ryoko 
remembered how good Yosho had been with a sword in his youth.  The blows came 
harder, forcing Shadow to spend more time resisting the pain to make another 
block.  His hand shot out to strike Katsuhito, who caught it, and effortlessly 
lifted Shadow off of the ground, throwing the hunter over him.  Shadow hit the 
ground hard, and looked up to see the end of Katsuhito's bokken in his face.
	"Guess," he coughed, "Guess I spoke to soon."
	Katsuhito smiled, and wiped his face with a towel.  Ryoko saw his eyes 
scan the trees for just a second, and knew she had been spotted.  "That'll be 
enough for today," he sayed, and then left.  Tenchi and Shadow Dog sat on the 
ground, slightly panting to catch their breath.
	"You're good," Shadow said to him.  
	Tenchi looked at his sword, and then at Shadow.  "How can you take a hit 
like that?  It must hurt?"
	Shadow nodded.  "It did hurt, once."  He stood up, rubbing a spot on his 
shoulder where Katsuhito's sword had struck him.  "Stick with the blade.  You're 
more suited to it."
	Ryoko floated down out of the tree.  Tenchi looked up, seeing the cyan-
haired woman float out of the forest.  "Oh, Ryoko.  How long have you been 
there?"
	"Not long."  Her gaze flickered from Tenchi to Shadow.  "Enjoy your 
workout?"  She asked the question sincerely.
	Shadow nodded, and held out a hand to help Tenchi up.  "Yes, actually.  
Tenchi, thank your grandfather for letting me practice with you."
	"Sure, anytime you feel like it."  Tenchi nodded.  
	"I have to be getting back to Mistress Sasami now,"  Shadow waved to 
Ryoko, and walked off.
	Ryoko shook her head.  She honestly didn't think she'd ever get used to 
hearing that man call Sasami "mistress."  She hated titles-- it even bugged her 
when Ayeka called Tenchi "lord."
	She put her arm around Tenchi, smiling.  "So, Tenchi, care to take a bath 
with me and relax those muscles?"  She drew circles on his chest with her index 
finger.
	Tenchi took Ryoko's hand in his.  "Let's just take a walk, okay."
	Ryoko smiled, and rested her head on Tenchi's shoulder as they walked back 
to the house.

***

	"You don't hate him, do you?"  The question had taken Ryoko by suprise.  
She and Tenchi had been walking around the lake.  It wasn't exactly her ideal 
way to spend the afternoon, but at least she was with Tenchi.  "Shadow, I mean.  
You don't hate him, do you?" Tenchi repeated the question.
	Ryoko was silent for a few moments before answering.  "No, I don't hate 
him.  I'm not sure if I can trust him.  I've only been putting up with him for 
Sasami's sake, but..."
	"But?"
	Ryoko sighed.  "Hmm, it's nothing."  They were nearing the house already.  
Tenchi could smell the scent of cooking food through the open kitchen window.  
Sasami was making dinner early this evening.  Ryoko finally growled in 
frustration.  "I just don't know what to think!"  She focused her energies, and 
shot a rock.  It blasted into several pieces, and Tenchi ducked behind Ryoko to 
shield himself from the flying stone shards.
	Ryoko sighed.  "I don't know what to think about him, Tenchi.  He's so... 
unlike any other bounty hunter I've ever met.  I was whatching you two when you 
practiced.  Even after he beat you, it seemed that he cared.  He wanted to make 
sure he hadn't hurt you."
	Tenchi rubbed a fresh bruise on his ribs, and nodded in understanding.  
"And that suprises you, Ryoko?"  
	She frowned, a feeling of shame washing over her.  "I'm... hell with it.  
I'm sorry.  I haven't been myself lately."  Tenchi looked at her, not knowing 
what to say. 
	He put an arm around her.  "It's okay, Ryoko.  I..."
	He paused when she looked a him with those big, yellow eyes.  "Tenchi."  
She hugged him, resting her head on his shoulder.  Tenchi could feel her tears 
as they fell onto his shirt.  "I know what that darkness is like, Tenchi.  Being 
a prisoner... trapped in darkness for so long.  First, it was Kagato, and then 
Yosho bound me in that damn cave."  She looked up at him, her eyes watery.  "I 
don't want you to know what that's like, Tenchi.  I would never wish that kind 
of loneliness on anyone.  Not even Ayeka.  That's why I'm having trouble with 
Shadow Dog."
	"Hey, relax."  Ryoko smiled, slightly.  "I already told you that you don't 
have to apologize, Ryoko.  I think I understand."
	"You do?"
	Tenchi smiled and nodded.  "I also promised you that no one will ever take 
me, any of us, away."
	Ryoko breathed a long sigh.  "Thank you, Tenchi."
	"Hmm?  For what?"
	Ryoko closed her eyes, and laughed.  "Nevermind.  Let's just go eat, huh?  
I'm starving."  She picked Tenchi up, and they flew across the lake to the 
house.

***

	Ryoko sipped her third cup of saki.  It was nice to just sit here under 
the stars, looking up into the sky.  The real sky.  Not through the window of 
the Souja, or through the ghostly eyes of an astral body with her real self 
mummified and tied to the ground.  To be able to fly all the way up to those 
stars if she wanted, or to just stay on the ground.  Free.  Free to play with 
Tenchi, or whatch t.v. with Sasami, or even just talk to Washu, something she 
couldn't even see herself doing a couple of years ago.  She was free, with a 
family.
	She downed the saki, and poured some more from the bottle.  Then she felt 
his presence.  He hadn't used the ladder, probably using that damn teleportation 
through the shadows.  "What do you want, Doggie?"
	He sat down next to her, looking out across the lake.  "Just to come up 
and talk.  Really Ryoko, is it that hard for you to trust anyone?"
	She frowned.   "You don't know anything about me, Shadow."
	"Do I?  You were Kagato's servant.  We traveled in the same circles, 
Ryoko, willingly or not.  You don't think that in all of that time, you were the 
only prisoner in the universe?"  He leaned back, looking up at a constellation 
that he couldn't name.  "Hell, maybe I don't know.  I probably don't know what 
it's like to not have your own will.  But, I do know imprisonment, Ryoko.  I can 
understand why you fear for Tenchi.  You love him, after all."
	"Shut up!"  Ryoko snapped at him, and then hung her head in shame.  She 
took a deep breath, and it was several minutes before she spoke again.  "You're 
right."  She handed Shadow the bottle of saki.  "I don't want anyone here to be 
locked up, Shadow.  You aren't a bounty hunter anymore, but you were.  Don't lie 
to me and tell me you didn't imprison people against their will.  If you didn't, 
your employers did.  You know that."
	Shadow took the bottle, and drank.  "Well, you sure know how to drive a 
man to drink.  It's not like I enjoyed it.  I was just in it for the hunt.  I 
had nothing better to do.  I... I always had this feeling, like I had something 
more important to do, but I could never find it.  That's until I came here.  
Sasami... she's given me something I was looking for, Ryoko."  Ryoko's eyes grew 
wide, amazed at what she was hearing.
	"You mean, you're...?"
	Shadow shook his head.  "No, I don't feel for her the way you feel for 
Tenchi.  It's something... different.  Something else I can't explain.  I feel 
as if my life has a purpose.  I enjoy every moment I spend with her.  She has an 
innocence that I didn't think existed anymore."
	Ryoko took the bottle back, and upended it.  She threw the bottle up into 
the air, and shot it with a bolt of energy.  The bottle shattered, what little 
remains there were sprinkling to the ground like dust.  
	"You understand why I am telling you this, right, Ryoko?"
	She nodded.  "So you have nothing to hide.  So?  I still don't fully trust 
you."
	Shadow smiled.  "I don't expect you to trust me, Ryoko.  But I am asking 
you, for Sasami's sake and my own, that you accept me."
	Ryoko sighed.  It was too damn hard to hate him.  "Fine.  But don't expect 
me to like you."
	"Ha!  Fair enough."
	Ryoko stood, and looked at the lake, bathed in the moonlight.  "Who the 
hell are you, anyway?  A priest?"  She said it jokingly.  Both of them laughed.
	"Ryoko?  Ryoko?  Are you there?"  Ryoko turned her head, frowning.  
"Kiyone?  Why is she looking for me?"  She looked at Shadow Dog, but he was 
gone, having already melted into the shadows.  "I hate it when he does that.  
It's too damn creepy."  She heard Kiyone's voice again, more insistent.  "Damn, 
I forgot.  It was my turn to vaccum."  She teleported away, hoping she could 
keep hidden from Kiyone until the cop went to bed.

***
	Katsuhito flipped through the old book, silently thinking to himself, not 
really paying any attention to the words in front of him.  His thoughts kept 
slipping to the group at the house in the valley below him.  They were happy, 
and he could feel another change in the winds, one that would make two of them 
even happier.  Why did things always have to work this way?  As soon as things 
got better, they got worse.
	"This planet is just full of my old acquaintances,"  Shadow said as he 
melted out of the shadows in the corner of the shrine office.  "Hello, Lord 
Yosho.  I hope I am not interrupting you?"
	Katsuhito shook his head.  "Not at all, Shadow Dog.  Please, join me."  
Shadow sat down at the small table, facing Tenchi's grandfather.  "Would you 
like some tea?"
	Shadow shook his head.  "No, thank you.  I did want to talk to you."
	"Hmm?  About what?  Surely you aren't here to reminisce about old times?"
	"Actually, I am.  I apologize for not taking the time to do this earlier, 
but Sasami has occupied much of my attention, of late."
	Katsuhito chuckled.  "Yes, all of them are a handful."
	"I'm suprised Tenchi has survived this long," the pale young man 
commented.  "Surely Mihoshi alone has been enough to be fatal."
	"I should remind myself to ask you about that, one of these days.  You 
underestimate Tenchi, I think.  He is stronger than anyone I have known."
	Shadow nodded in agreement.  "Yes, you do have a fine grandson, Lord 
Yosho.  His power is strong, like his heart.  It's no suprise he loves her."
	"So, you noticed it, as well?"
	"Heh, barely.  He can keep his feelings well hidden, like you.  I don't 
think he even realize it for a long time. Did he?"
	Yosho shook his head.  "No, he didn't.  He's afraid that he'll hurt 
someone.  Those two fight over him so much, after all.  But, he'll realize the 
truth soon enough."
	Shadow Dog shook his head, and smacked it.  "Look at us, talking like old 
women!  Come on, Yosho, take off your mask.  Old times need to be remembered."
	Katsuhito sighed, and relaxed, letting the illusion of old age disappear, 
and reveal him for the young man he was.  "Can everyone from Jurai see through 
me?  I'm beginning to wonder what damn good Tsunami's veil is if even you can 
pierce it."
	"Ah, don't feel so bad."  He examined his old friend.  "You haven't 
changed very much.  You still look like the prince I knew."
	Yosho smiled.  "But you have changed, Twilight Person.  When I left Jurai, 
you were still a boy.  You could barely control your soul fire, like you do now 
in your hound form."
	"Hmm.  I remember that first time, after reading a legend about the 
mysterious city beneath the royal palace, when an adventerous young man spent 
three days in the catacombs beneath Jurai's capital city.  That's when you first 
found me."
	Yosho smiled, the memory returning.  "Yes.  You were about Tenchi's age 
then, yes?  Still a cub."
	"You know, you're still one of the only people who knows that city exists.  
Few people know the secret.  I don't think that your father would take it too 
well, do you?  If the 'black sheep' of the Jurai royal family were to be found 
living right under his nose without him knowing?"  Shadow laughed, his red jem 
giving a flash.
	Yosho smiled, and then turned serious.  "That term, 'black sheep.'  Where 
did you learn it?"
	Shadow looked out the window, up at the moon.  "I would suggest staying 
out of Washu's way for the next few days.  She managed to tie me up in her lab 
today.  She was excited to find a new race related to the Jurai, but more 
importantly she wanted to know why Tsunami called me."
	"And you told her?"
	"Of course not," Shadow frowned at his old friend.  "You've been away too 
long, Yosho, to think that I could ever let secrets like that slip.  I just told 
her the legends about my people, and said that I had no idea what Tsunami was 
talking about when she called me a Guardian.  But, she might come poking around 
you, looking for places to fill in the gaps."
	Yosho nodded.  "Yes.  Well, you don't have to worry about me.  I can 
handle Washu.  She is intelligent, but gives her cleverness too much credit."
	Shadow laughed,  "Seriously, Yosho.  You can feel forces gathering, can't 
you?"  He stared at the shadows for a second.  They were comforting to him.  "It 
won't be long now before we see the first signs.  And then, the real hunt will 
begin."
	Yosho shook his head.  "You always were a predator.  You're right.  
There's something in the air.  It'll begin soon.  Then Tokimi will make her 
final move, and then there will be nothing left for us to do but try and help 
Tenchi." 
	"And," Shadow added, "I'll will have to protect Sasami and Tsunami."  
Shadow sighed, and stood to leave.  "It was good to see you again, my friend.  
You have done well for yourself.  You have a good family."  He waved, and walked 
into the shadows.
	Yosho smiled.  "It was good to see you, too.  Seayo."  He let the illusion 
Tsunami had created for him enshroud his youth once more, and took a sip of tea.  
"May we all be strong in the days to come.  Whenever they decide to do so."

Author's Notes:  Ahh, I do so enjoy character development.  Don't worry, though, 
the action is gonna start up very soon!  Ayeka will be more prominent in the 
next one, as will Ryo-Ohki (sorry I've left the princess and the cabbit out so 
much).  A note about continuity: this is placed in the OAV universe, after 
Manatsu No Eve and episode 13, but this continuity has the first Tenchi movie 
set in between them.  I hope this one has been an enjoyable read.  Any comments, 
commentary, criticism, and spelling tips can be sent to killersquid@ticnet.com.  
Until part three...   
	  
	    
	  
