Disclaimer:  I do not own any of the characters of Tenchi Muyo!  
They are owned by AIC and Pioneer North America.  I did not create 
them, and their use here is strictly for the enjoyment of myself 
and anyone who gets bored enough to read this.  In other words: 
Please don't sue my poor ass.

Tenchi Muyo!
From the Blood of the Gods-- Part 8:  Innocence's End (or No Need 
for Grudges)
by the Loneshark

	Kiyone closed the door of the onsen behind her, running a 
hand through her hair.  "Uhg. I really need a morning bath."  She 
was happy enough to be alone this morning.  She hadn't had a 
moment's peace since the Emperor had attacked them.  Even her 
dreams were giving her trouble.
	She sighed, throwing off her bath towel, and sank into the 
warm water.  Finally, after two days of royalty and headaches, she 
could just relax.  Kiyone raised an eyebrow, hearing someone climb 
out of the water.  She turned her head, and saw Shadow climbing 
out of the water on the other side of the bath.  Kiyone yelled in 
suprise, "What are you doing in here?"
	She startled him.  Shadow lost his balance, and fell 
backwards into the water.  His head rose up a second later, 
coughing out water.  "Wha... what do you mean?  I'm taking a 
bath!"  He picked himself up out of the bath, and sat with his 
back to her.  He laid his towel across his lap, and began to wash 
his shoulders. 
	Kiyone fumed.  "I came here to take a bath and relax!"
	Shadow shrugged.  "So?  Go ahead, I'm not looking."  He 
mumbled, "Besides, it's not my fault you're so inhibited."  He 
looked over his shoulder at her.  "Wait, you're not still 
embarrased about what you did when you were drunk, are you?"
	Kiyone turned red, and sank back into the water.  "Please 
don't bring that up."
	Shadow smiled.  "What's the big deal?  So you were drunk 
and... well, amorous might not be the right word, but it's 
probably more polite.  It just means that you're completely 
normal."
	"You call losing control of yourself normal?  And I shouldn't 
be embarrassed about it?"  Kiyone restrained herself from jumping 
out and strangling him.  
	"No, you shouldn't!"  He yelled at her.  Kiyone was taken 
aback.  "You're a sweet kid, Kiyone.  Try not taking so much 
responsibility for everything."  He sighed.
	"Shadow?"  Kiyone rose out of the water, and put her towel 
back on.  "Well, what makes you think you're right?"
	"Seven hundred years of experience.  It's not like you're the 
first person to put me in handcuffs."  There was a long moment of 
silence between them.  "Um, Kiyone?"
	"Yes?"
	"Could you do me a favor?"  She looked over at him.  He held 
up a bar of soap.  "Could you get my back?"
	Kiyone sighed, making sure her gun was snug in her towel, and 
walked over and sat down behind him.  She tentatively took the bar 
from his hand, and scrubbed his back.  "I have my gun, if you try 
anything."
	"Fair enough.  I'm just saying that you shouldn't be so 
embarrassed about it, that's all."
	Kiyone smiled slightly, considering his words.  
	"Besides, I heard your gun when you took your towel off.  You 
make a lot of noise, for a detective."  Shadow turned his head, 
and flashed a smile.
	Kiyone stood, and kicked him into the water.  He came back 
up, rubbing his head, and rested his arms on the edge of the bath.  
"What's with the women of this house beating me, lately?"  He 
looked up, and saw a clear view up Kiyone's bath towel, right 
before getting a close up of the bottom of her foot.
	Kiyone sat back down in the other side of the bath, and 
smiled, hearing Shadow moan and rub his face in slight pain.  This 
was beginning to relax her.


***

	At breakfast, Tenchi wondered for a moment how Shadow had 
managed to get two bruises on his face, after it had been two days 
since the fight with Azusa.  He thought it probably better not to 
ask right now.  Maybe during practice.
	"Oh, I'm so hungry," Mihoshi exclaimed, coming to the table 
late.
	"Mihoshi, how do you find enough time in the day to sleep so 
long?"  Washu rubbed the back of her neck.  Tenchi, Ryoko, and 
Ayeka all knew that there was something wrong with her, and they'd 
probably told Katsuhito and Nobuyuki, also.  They'd taped the door 
to her lab shut, forcing her to sleep on the couch.  At least she 
was sleeping, now.
	Tenchi poked at his fish, not really hungry.  "Don't be so 
crabby, Little Washu."  The feeling of something coming had grown 
stronger.  He'd just wish he knew what it was, and if they'd get a 
little better warning this time.
	Mihoshi's whatch started beeping.  Kiyone stared at her 
partner for a moment, wondering if the ditz would ever realize it.  
"Mihoshi."  The blond continued to eat.  "Mihoshi!"
	Mihoshi jumped, "Ah!  Oh, what is it, Kiyone?"  Mihoshi's 
partner pointed to her wrist.  "Uh?"  Mihoshi looked down at her 
whatch.  "Oh!  A signal!  We've got to go!"  She stood and ran to 
the door.  "Come on, Kiyone!  It could be an emergency!"
	Kiyone shook her head.  "Exuse us, everybody.  I don't think 
it will take too long."
	"Can I have your soup?"  Shadow asked as she left.
	Ryoko yelled out, "I call her fish and rice!"
	Nobuyuki smiled.  "Hehe.  Back to normal."

***

	"Why can't we ever have just a normal day, for once?"  Kiyone 
muttered to herself.  An unidentified ship had approached the 
solar system at illegal speeds.  Kiyone and Mihoshi were only 
allowed near Earth because Tenchi and Ayeka had given the Galaxy 
Police their permission.  Who the hell was this who thought they 
could just intrude?  "Mihoshi, are you having any luck getting 
that thing to work?"
	Mihoshi sat in her seat next to Kiyone, busying herself with 
her control cube.  "Oh, I don't think this thing's working.  Is it 
broken, or something, I mean, really, they can't be this 
difficult..."  Mihoshi continued to ramble.
	Kiyone shook her head.  "Never mind."  Kiyone tried to 
contact the other ship.  "Come in.  This is the Galaxy Police.  
This is a restricted area.  Halt your ship and indentify 
yourself."
	Mitsuki's face appeared on a view screen.  "Hello, Kiyone."  
Her tone was curt, and ice cold.
	"Mitsuki?  What are you doing here?  This is Jurai territory, 
and you shouldn't be here without--"
	"Stow it, Kiyone.  I'm here to bring in a suspect.  He's on 
Earth, and I'm going to bring him in."
	"A suspect?  What are you talking about?  I haven't seen 
anything about a criminal in this area."
	"Maybe that's because you're too busy laying around instead 
of doing your job.  I'm in this sector to bring in Tenchi Masaki.  
He's suspected to have connections to several dissappearances in 
this area."
	Kiyone felt her last restraint snap.  This time, Mitsuki had 
gone too far.  Mihoshi looked at her partner, nervously.  She'd 
never seen Kiyone this mad.  "Mitsuki, what do you think you are 
doing?  Mihoshi and I patrol this system.  If there was anything 
happening, I would be the first to know."
	Mitsuki shrugged.  "The reports are at headquarters.  Why 
don't you go over there and get the data yourself?  I've got a job 
to do, so get out of my way."  The screen went black again.
	Kiyone growled.  "Mihoshi, can you track her ship?"
	Mihoshi nodded, and began to work at the controls.  "I found 
her.  She's using a Cruiser Eilite Class model."
	"Cruiser Elite?  But's that's not a capture ship."  The 
screen was suddenly alive with a flashing yellow and black 
warning.  "Ah!  She's coming straight at us!"
	Mihoshi grabbed the controls, and veered the Yagami away.  
Mitsuki's ship speed past, the force slightly rocking Yagami.  
"She's breaking the speed limit!"
	"And she's after Tenchi!  Quick, Mihoshi, we can't let her 
reach Earth."
	Mihoshi had sped up the ship before her partner had even 
finished speaking.

***

	Washu fidgited with her holocomputer.  She couldn't get to 
her real work cut off from the lab like this.  Ayeka must have put 
a forcefield at the door, scrambling the signals.  Washu muttered 
several curses to herself.  Why wouldn't they let her get in?  She 
had to finish this.  Whatever was out there, happening, was 
affecting her.  She needed to get in there and get the data.
	"So you can work like a machine?"
	Washu jumped at the sound of her daughter's voice.  Ryoko 
hovered over the couch, staring down at her.  Washu looked away, 
never before feeling so... scrutinized.
	"How are you getting into my head, Ryoko?"
	"You let your guard down.  That's not like you, Washu.  
Tenchi told us that he saw you working in your sleep.  He said 
your hands were moving on their own.  Is that true?"
	Now who was the mother?  "It's none of your damn business, 
Ryoko.  None of you could understand what's going on inside me.  
There's something happening to me, something that even I can't get 
a grasp on."
	Ryoko settled down on the couch.  She'd never heard fear in 
her mother's voice.  "Try me, Washu.  I was Kagato's slave for 
five thousand years.  I know what it's like to not have control of 
yourself."
	Washu glared at her, inexplicibly.  "When did you become the 
understanding type?"
	Ryoko looked away.  "Fine.  If that's how you want it, 
Washu."  She teleported away.
	Washu sighed, and slumped into the couch.  What was happening 
to her.  She would never have said something like that to Ryoko.  
Not normally, anyway.  How the hell could she have done that?  
Washu kocked herself on the head.  "Stupid!"
	She sat there, trying to just not think, when her computer 
flashed a warning.  Washu jumped up, her fingers flying across the 
translucent keyboard.  A ship was approaching, being chased by the 
Yagami.
	"What?  It looks like it's happening again."

***

	The Bane of Dragons slunk through the forest, being careful 
to avoid the shrine, or any of the other inhabitants of the 
valley.  If it could manage to get passed them, and sneak in to an 
opening to the house, then it could get the goddess-child, Sasami.  
Then maybe Tokimi would grant it's freedom, again.
	Then it would go after Funaho's child.
	The demon stayed low, the house coming within sight.  It was 
a small thing, compared to what it had seen in ages of antiquity.  
It had witnessed great emperors rise and fall with their castles, 
challenged gods and demons, burned their castles to the ground.  
It suddenly missed those days.
	"It is time, goddess-child."

***

	Shadow Dog blocked the sword with his arm.  He gritted his 
teeth, trying to cut off the pain.  Tenchi's skill was definitely 
improving.  There was a sensation, a feeling in the back of his 
mind.  It raced to his consciousness, sparking into a brilliant 
flare.  Shadow's gem flashed brightly, and he looked away.  "What 
the!?"
	Tenchi's sword stoppd directly in front of his face.  
"Shadow?"  Tenchi lowered his sword.
	Yohso walked over to them.  "Seayo, what is it?"
	Shadow raised his hand, "Sh!  Quiet.  Don't you feel it?"
	The occult sense struck Tenci's mind like a flash.  
"Something's here?"  Shadow nodded.  "Let's go!"
	Both men ran down the hill toward the house. Yosho shook his 
head, and followed them.  Now, it had truly begin.

***

	Washu typed furiously, trying to bring up the approaching 
ship on her computer.  She couldn't do anything cut off from her 
lab like this!  She tried to hit the computer, her fist only 
passing through it.
	"Damn it!  Why is this happening?"
	"Still looking for the answers, Washu?"  She froze, and 
looked up.  Tsunami's face looked down at her, but she seemed... 
sad.  
	Washu stared back at her.  "What are you doing here, Tsunami?  
Where's Sasami?"
	"Please calm yourself, Washu.  Sasami is fine.  When I leave, 
she will be awake again."  The goddess looked away from Washu's 
angry face.  "Do you really want to know the truth?"
	Washu nodded.  "I have to know, Tsunami.  Tell me what is 
happening."
	"I can't tell you, but I can show you the way," she looked 
back at Washu.  The scientist didn't think she could ever see a 
more serious expression.  "You have to be willing to do anything, 
Washu.  Even give up your life for the truth.  Do you think you 
are prepared for that?"
	Washu nodded.   She wanted to scream, and she didn't even 
know why.  "Just do whatever it is you're going to do.  Now, 
before I change my mind."
	Tsunami smiled, slightly.  "You always were willing."  The 
goddess fadded away.
	Washu felt >something< happen.  It was like she had been 
moved out of reality.  Everything was merely a picture, and she 
had been pulled from it.  Washu's body was surrounded in a silver 
light, and she felt her own form begin to fade.

	Sasami pulled herself up from the kitchen floor.  Ryo-ohki 
miyaed worriedly at her feet.  Sasami looked down at her friend, 
and gave her a reassuring pat on the head.  "It's okay, Ryo-ohki.  
I'm fine.  Tsunami needed me to..."
	What had just happened?  Lunch was still on the stove, so she 
hadn't been asleep for long, but what did Tsunami do?  There was 
something in the air that didn't feel right.  Sasami turned the 
stove off, and stood still, trying to let her senses tell her what 
was wrong.  Tsunami had asked her to go into a trance for a short 
while, just long enough to manifest.  But, why did she have to do 
that?
	Ryo-ohki raised her hackles, and began to howl at the kitchen 
door.  Sasami frowned down at her.  "Ryo-ohki!  What are you do... 
huh?"  Sasami looked at the door.  There was something coming from 
the other side.  She could... feel it.
	"Washu!"  Sasami and Ryo-ohki ran to the door, the girl 
throwing it open.  Sasami gasped, stopping cold in her tracks.  
Light emenated from Washu's body, brilliant white light.  "Washu!"  
The light grew, forcing Sasami to shield her eyes.  Something was 
happening to Washu.  Finally, the light died.  Sasami looked up, 
and saw only Washu's holocomputer.  There was only an empty spot 
on the couch where Washu once was.
	"Washu!"

***

	Tenchi stopped in front of the house.  Something in the sky 
had caught his attention.  "Stop!"  Shadow and Yosho skidded to a 
halt next to him.  Tenchi pointed upward, into the sky.  "Is 
that... the Yagami?"
	The shape of the Yagami came hurtling towards them, closely 
following another ship.  It looked like they were only going 
faster.  Tenchi pulled out his sword, the hilt igniting into a 
blue blade in his hands.  
	Shadow raised an eyebrow.  "Don't tell me you plan to stop 
them with that?"  
	Tenchi ignored the bad joke.  "Tenchi!"  Ryoko teleported 
next to him, looking up at the two ships in a dog fight over the 
Masaki house.  "What the hell is that?"
	"Yagami," Shadow answered.  The mysterious ship fighting 
Yagami broke off, and speed towards the ground.  The entire valley 
was filled with heat and wind as it landed.  Shadow, Tenchi, and 
Ryoko jumped back towards the house.  Yosho stood unmoved, 
carefully examinging the ship.  It was a Galaxy Police cruiser.
	Yagami hovered over the cruiser.  Kiyone materialized on the 
ground in front of the others, a large rifle in her hands.  Tenchi 
approached her.  "Kiyone?  What's going on?"
	She held up her hand.  "Stay back, Tenchi.  This one is 
mine."  The hatch of the cruiser opened, and Kiyone lowered her 
rifle.  A tall, attractive red-headed woman stumbled out of the 
ship, cursing and coughing through the dust.  She stopped, and 
looked over the group in front of her.
	Ayeka ran out of the house.  "Tenchi?  Yosho?  What is this?"
	Ryoko looked over her shoulder at the princess.  "That's what 
we're trying to figure out."
	Kiyone set the red-head in her sights.  "Mitsuki!  You've got 
exactly two minutes to get back into that cruiser and get the hell 
out of here.  This is my jurisdiction, and you have no right to be 
here."
	Mitsuki appeared to ignore her, instead looking at the dark-
haired young man holding a blue sword.  "Tenchi Masaki?"  He 
nodded.  "You are wanted--"
	"Yea, yea!  We know the line, already," Ryoko yelled.  
	Mitsuki was taken aback for a second, and then regained her 
composuer.  "Fine.  Just come with me, and there won't be any 
trouble."
	Kiyone pumped the rifle.  It let out a long, high squeal.  
"I'm warning you, Mitsuki.  Get out of here, right now."  No one 
had ever heard Kiyone's voice so cold.  She was speaking through 
pure hate.
	"Kiyone, don't shoot her," Shadow placed a hand on her 
shoulder.  "I think I know why she's really here.  Don't you, Lord 
Yosho?"  Shadow looked back at the Jurai prince, who nodded in 
agreement.  "Mitsuki's your name, right?  You're a servant of Lady 
Tokimi, aren't you?  You're here to take Tenchi to your mistress."
	Mitsuki smiled, and raised a gloved hand.  She took the glove 
off, showing the sigil of Lady Tokimi.  "You know about her, then?  
Good.  Then you also know to do what I say.  If you don't, there 
will be real trouble."
	"Okay," Ryoko and Ayeka yelled, together, "Shoot her!"
	Kiyone let loose with a barrage of energy blasts from her 
rifle.  Dust and smoke filled the air as the beams traveled to 
Mitsuki.  When it cleared, Mitsuki stood unharmed, a forcefield 
shimmering around her.  The sigil on her hand glowed.  "Are you 
done, yet?  I've really got to get going."

	The Bane of Dragons looked on in fascination.  Funaho's child 
and his allies stood in front of the house, in confrontation with 
another of Tokimi's servants.  The one who'd emerged from the 
metal dragon.  It felt the call to the goddess-child, but Funaho's 
offspring...
	Maybe there was another way it could get back it's freedom.
	If only it could get around, and get into that metal 
dragon...

	Ryoko screamed, and flew at Mitsuki, her sword forming in her 
hands.  "Enough talking, bitch!"
	Mitsuki threw a small ball into the air.  It exploded into a 
metal net, wrapping around Ryoko and knocking her to the ground.  
Electricity sugred through Ryoko's body.  Her muscles froze, and 
all she could do was scream in pain.  
	"Ryoko!"  Tenchi ran to her side as the electricity died.  
Shadow changed to his hound form, and he and Kiyone charged 
Mitsuki.  The renegade GP waved her hand, and a wave of force sent 
both of them backwards through the air.  Mitsuki's eyes glowed a 
fierce red as she approached Tenchi.
	"You've wasted enough of my time, Masaki."  Ayeka yelled as 
she flew at her.  Mitsuki barely had enough time to put up her own 
forcefield, before colliding with Ayeka's.  Their powers flashed, 
and pushed against each other.  Niether woman moved.
	Mitsuki screamed, and Ayeka was thrown back into Yosho.  She 
turned back to Tenchi.  "Now, just come with me."  Tenchi rose, 
and three triangles on his forehead began to glow.  Mitsuki 
stepped back.  What the hell was happening?  The report didn't say 
anything about this.  Three glowing blades appeaered in front of 
Tenchi.
	"Leave, right now.  You won't be harmed."  Despite the 
warning, it sounded more like a threat.  Mitsuki cursed, and 
changed her plan.  She turned, and walked back to her ship.  If 
she couldn't get to the boy...  She raised her left hand, and 
Ryoko's body flew in to the open hatch of the ship.  Mitsuki 
stepped in, and the hatch closed behind her.  It had all happened 
too fast for Tenchi to react.  He ran at the ship, but was thrown 
back as it lifted off the ground.  The cruiser flew out from under 
Yagami, and away from Earth.

***

	"Tsunami?"  Sasami reached inside herself, trying to contact 
her friend.
	"Yes?"  Tsunami's voice was always smooth and calm.  It made 
Sasami think of blue water.
	"What happened to Washu?"
	"She went to find out the truth.  She is learning what she 
needs to know."
	"I... I don't understand."
	"You will, Sasami.  In time.  Please don't worry about Washu, 
Sasami.  It is the others who need your help, right now."
	"If I help them, will you help Washu?"
	She could feel Tsunami smile, "Yes."
	Sasami opened her yes.  "Miya?"  Ryo-ohk sat at her feet.  
Sasami giggled at her friend.  "It's okay, Ryo-ohki.  I think 
Washu will be fine.  She can take care of herself.  Come on, the 
other's need our help."  They ran outside to the front yard.
	Everyone was picking themselves up off of the ground, sore 
and bruised.  Everyone, except Ryoko.  "Tenchi!"  Sasami ran over 
to the young man, who knelt on the ground.  Sasami slowed, and 
walked up beside him.  "Tenchi, what happened?  Where's Ryoko?"
	"She was taken, Mistress," Shadow said to her through their 
link, still helping Kiyone to her feet.  "One of Lady Tokimi's 
servants came, trying to get Tenchi.  She got Ryoko instead."
	Tenchi rose, his hands shaking in anger.  He didn't know what 
he was angry at.  Was it Tokimi, for bringing him this grief, or 
was it himself, for breaking his promise to Ryoko?  The sword 
Tenchiken's blade flared to life, it's energy crackling in the air 
around it.  
	Ayeka and Yosho stood next to Sasami.  "Tenchi?  Please, let 
me go with you.  I know you're going after her."  Tenchi turned 
around, and nodded.
	"Thank you, Lady Ayeka."
	"Shadow and I are coming, too!"  Sasami yelled.  "Ryoko's my 
friend.  You can't make us stay, Tenchi."
	Tenchi looked down at her.  "Sasami, it will be dangerous."
	"It's already dangerous here, Tenchi," Shadow said.  "There's 
a demon here on Earth, and a goddess out there in space.  Niether 
one seems like a great choice to fight.  If you want to face 
Tokimi's servants, then let us come with you.  We're as much a 
part of this as you are, anyway."
	Tenchi stood silent, thinking.  "All right.  Guard Sasami, 
Shadow.  I need you to do that."  He turned to Kiyone.  "Kiyone, 
do you know who that woman was?"
	She nodded.  "Her name is Mitsuki.  She's a Galaxy Police 
officer, but she's also the only person I can say I truly hate.  
I'm going to get her back for this, Tenchi.  I swear it."  She 
pumped her rifle.
	"It looks like we're all going, Tenchi.  Are you ready?"  
Yosho looked at his grandson.  He had to be there, for him.  Even 
if it was all he could do.
	Tenchi nodded, and bent down to Ryo-ohki.  "You wanna go get 
Ryoko back, Ryo-ohki?"  
	The cabbit miyaed, and leapt into the air, changing shape 
into a large, spiked spaceship.  Tenchi looked at everyone 
gathered, and smiled, even though it hurt.  "Thank you.  All of 
you."  Ryo-ohki beamed them all onto her, and took off into space.  
Mihoshi followed in Yagami, her face appearing on a screen inside 
Ryo-ohki.
	"Kiyone?  What's going on?  Where are we going?"
	Shadow answered, "We're going to get Ryoko back, Mihoshi.  
Just try and keep us with Ryo-ohki, okay?"
	Mihoshi smiled.  "Okay!  Um... what happened to Mitsuki?"
	"She kidnapped Ryoko.  We have to fight her."
	"What?!  But... but what about lunch?"
	"Mihoshi, please, don't start--"
	"WHHAAAHHH!  I don't wanna fight Mitsuki!"  Shadow and Kiyone 
both resisted the urge to order Ryo-ohki to fire at Mihoshi.

***

	Ryoko sat up, her head throbbing in time with her heartbeat.  
It hurt to breathe, but she sucked in air anyway.  She had to get 
up, to force the pain to die.  She needed to kill that red-headed 
bitch.
	It was almost too dark for anyone to see, the only light 
coming in from under the door, but that'd never stopped Ryoko.  
She could easily see in the dark.  The room around her was small, 
just a minor holding cell.  The net she'd been trapped in lay 
around her in pieces.  She picked up a scrap of it, and gasped.  
It had been torn apart.  Who ever this lady was, she wouldn't be 
so stupid as to take the net off.
	Ryoko's energy blade appeared in her hands, and she stood and 
walked over to the door.  There were large, deep claw marks along 
the edges.  It had been pried open, and then closed again.  
Something else was on the ship.
	Whatever it was, Ryoko silently thanked it, and pushed the 
door open.  Light flooded her senses for a moment, and faded as 
her eyes adjusted.  First, this bitch had tried to take Tenchi 
away from her, and now she was trying to kidnapp her.  Ryoko 
clenched her left hand tightly, and her red and black battle suit 
formed around her, replacing the dress she had been wearing.  This 
bitch had crossed the line, twice.
	Ryoko wished for a moment that she possessed her other two 
gems, and stepped out of the cell.  One end led to a closed door.  
Probably the bathroom.  A bed was set in the wall across form her, 
and the other direction led up, to the cockpit.  Ryoko smiled, her 
sword humming with energy.  She'd get that bitch in one good 
swipe.
	Then she'd take care of whoever else was on the ship.
	Ryoko floated up the corridor.  The pilot's seat came 
insight, with red hair poking over the top.  Ryoko sped up, and 
then stopped, slamming into a forcefield.  "Damn!"  Ryoko picked 
herself up, rubbing her face.
	"You're awake?"  Mitsuki turned around in her chair, 
frowning.  "I don't know how you got out of that net, but you can 
bet that you won't get past the forcefield.  I may not have been 
able to prepare for the boy's powers, but I was at least prepared 
for that."
	Ryoko growled at her.  "What do you want with Tenchi?"  She 
slashed at the field with her sword, energy flashing briefly.  
"Tell me, dammit."
	"How come Mihoshi's report doesn't mention the boy having any 
power?"  Ryoko replied with an energy blast at the forcefield.  
Mitsuki shrugged.  "Have it your way.  He'll be here soon enough, 
I'm sure.  So will my partners."  Mitsuki turned back around, 
looking out at the blackness.  She could barely keep her food down 
after calling Hikage and his lackies her "partners," but she 
didn't really have a choice.  She would need whatever help Hikage 
decided to send.
	"Mitsuki Hashitari?"  Speak of the devil.  "Come in.  This is 
Ito Gasam, servant of Lord Hikage Unihasa and Lady Tokimi.  Please 
respond."  Mitsuki pressed her control console, and handsome man's 
face appeared, his long blue hair tied back behind his head.
	"This is Mitsuki.  You're Hikage's scum?"  The cruiser's 
montiers showed the ship.  "You don't look like much."
	The man's jaw tensed, noticibly.  "Do you have the boy, or 
did you fail?"
	Mitsuki stammered, "Well... I...it's not that simple.  I 
don't have the boy, but I have someone important to him.  He'll 
follow me here, so your ship had better be able to handle him."
	"Then just what do you have?"
	"The space pirate Ryoko."
	Another's man's face appeared onscreen, his orange and yellow 
hair widly unkept.  "You caught who?!  Are you crazy, lady?  He'll 
kill you!  Put her back right now, before he--"
	"Asanon, knock it off."
	Ryoko sneered.  She thought the first man's voice was 
familiar, but she couldn't see the screens to see his face.  She 
recognized the second's name, though.  Asanon.  The bounty hunters 
had come back.
	Ito cleared his throat.  "Forgive my associate.  We had some 
trouble before with this group.  This time, however, we are 
prepared for an attack from the Ryo-ohki.  We will dock with you 
in one half hour.  After that, leave Tenchi and Ryoko to us."
	Mitsuki squeezed her fist, trying to keep her anger under 
control.  "Fine.  Just don't screw up."

***

	Tenchi felt the comforting grip of the sword in has hands.  
It hurt him to look at the faces of his friends, his family 
gathered around him on Ryo-ohki.  He'd broken his promise to one 
of the most important people in his entire life.  "Ryoko."
	"Tenchi," Shadow gripped his wrist, "Tenchi, unclench your 
hand, please."  Tenchi lifted his left hand, and opened it.  His 
nails had dug deep into his own flesh, leaving four red marks.  A 
small drop of blood trickled down his palm, falling to the floor.  
"You can't expet to rescue her if you cut your own hand off, can 
you?"
	Tenchi looked down at the spot of blood.  "I made a promise 
to her, Shadow.  I made a promise I wasn't able to keep."
	"Tenchi, you can't blame yourself," Kiyone said.  It sounded 
almost like an order.  "Don't blame yourself.  I'm the one who 
should have stopped Mitsuki before she even reached Earth.  If it 
wasn't for me, she wouldn't have Ryoko right now."
	Tenchi shook his head, "But I..."  Shadow looked at Yosho, 
silently begging him to smack some sense into the group.
	"Please, stop it with your angst."  Everyone but Shadow 
gasped, and looked at Yosho.  "Mitsuki was given great power by 
Lady Tokimi, like my father was.  Miss Kiyone, there is nothing 
you could have done to stop her.  She is a more powerful opponent 
than yourself.  You shouldn't blame yourself."  Yosho looked at 
his grandson.  "And niether should you, Tenchi.  I'm actually 
ashamed of you."  Tenchi looked at him in shock.  "It's not like 
you to give up so easily, and think of Ryoko as gone already.  
You're still standing, you stupid boy!  As long as you can fight, 
you can still protect the ones you love."
	Tenchi nodded, and smiled.  "Yes, sir.  I'm sorry."  Yosho 
smiled.  Maybe his grandson is ready.
	Ryo-ohki meowed, and a large screen came up, showing two 
ships ahead of them.  "Is it Ryoko, Ryo-ohki?"  The ship meowed. 
	Ayeka gasped.  "Lord Tenchi, that second ship, isn't 
that...?"
	Shadow cursed.  "The bounty hunter!  That bastard."
	"Mihoshi," Kiyone said to the image of her partner on the 
other screen.  "Mihoshi, I need you to keep Mitsuki's ship 
distracted for as long as you can, okay?"  Mihoshi didn't look up, 
apparently messing with something in her lap.  "Mihoshi?  
Mihoshi!"
	"Wha!  Oh, Kiyone!  Did you want me to do something?"
	Kiyone grimaced.  "Mihoshi, what are you... uh?"  Mayuka's 
head peered over the bottom of the screen, standing up in 
Mihoshi's lap.  
	Tenchi looked at his daughter in shock.  "Mihoshi?  Wha... 
what is Mayuka doing with you?"
	Mihoshi frowned at the group.  "You all were in such a hurry 
to go rescue Ryoko, that you forgot about Mayuka.  Who do you 
think's going to whatch her while all of you go running around 
space?"  No one could move for a few seconds.  Mihoshi was making 
sense.
	"Well, Mihoshi," Ayeka said, "What about Miss Washu?"
	Mihoshi looked to the side, thinking.  "Washu?  I... I don't 
know where she is.  I thought she was with you."  Mayuka giggled, 
and pinched Mihoshi's cheek.  "Huh?  Ow, Mayuka!  Please, don't 
pull on my face!"
	"Washu's fine, Ayeka," Sasami answered her sister, "She's... 
going to be all right."
	"Mistress?  What do you mean?"  Shadow asked her through 
their link.
	Sasami smiled at him.  "Trust me.  Tsunami's taking care of 
it."
	Shadow nodded.  "Well, Lord Tenchi, what do you suppose we do 
about the bounty hunter?"
	Tenchi looked at the sword in his hands.  He felt very 
foolish for ever thinking that he'd let Ryoko down.  Especially 
after he wasn't beaten.  "We go get Ryoko."

***

	Ito Gasam looked over the renegade Galaxy Police officer one 
more time, just to make sure he was actually seeing it.  The Lady 
definitely picked some strange servants.  He jumped, slightly, at 
the sound of Ryoko growling and thrashing against the bars of her 
prison.  "Asanon, are you sure those bars will hold, this time?"
	Asanon's voice came through over the speaker, just barely 
louder than Ryoko's raging.  "As long as you don't get the ship 
crashed, this time, it should be no problem."  The com shut off.
	"Having difficulties with your crew, Gasam?"  Mitsuki asked.  
Her tone was almost as annoyingly condescending as Asanon's.
	The sigil on the back of his hand glowed.  "Yes, Officer 
Mitsuki.  You have to trust me when I say that the boy and his 
allies will have no chance of breaking into the ship, this time.  
Tenchi Masaki will be ours."
	The ship rocked to the side.  Ito and Mitsuki fell to the 
floor of the bridge.  The bounty hunter slammed his fist.  
"Karasawa, what was that?"
	"It was the ship with the Ryo-ohki, sir.  I can't find any 
record of it in our archives, but it appears to have just blown up 
Officer Mitsuki's cruiser."
	Mitsuki screamed, "What!"  She grabbed Ito by the collar of 
his suit.  "You call this 'no difficulties,' Gasam?  They just 
blew up my ship!"
	Ito pushed the woman off of him.  "This is my ship, bitch.  
Sit down and keep your mouth shut."  He turned to the pilot.  
"Karasawa, what are you doing?  Fire back!"
	"We only have enough weaponry on the ship to fire at one of 
the targets.  Which target should I fire at, sir?"  
	Ito ground his teeth.  "It doesn't matter, you idiot!  Fire 
at Ryo-ohki, if you like.  She's the one who did the damage to our 
ship last time, after all!"
	Karasawa nodded.  "Yes, sir."  The air filled with the sounds 
of energy fire.  Karasawa yelled in pain.  
	"Karasawa!  What is it, are we hit?"
	The pilot shook his head.  "No sir, there's... there is 
something else on the ship.  Asanon was attacked, and I think he's 
dead.  I had the signature for a second, but I lost it."

***

	Ryoko waited for several seconds before leaving the cell.  
The guard, Asanon, had turned the corner, and screamed.  Then the 
bars turned off.  Ryoko held a ball of energy in her hand, ready 
to release it if anything tried to attack her.  She looked around 
the corner Asanon had turned, and gasped.
	Something had torn his throat out.  Pools of blood colored 
the floor around his body, large claw marks carving his flesh.  
His windpipe lay on the floor next to him.  Ryoko didn't stop to 
examine the scene any further, instead looking around for his 
murderer.  There was no blood trail, no marks left on the walls or 
floor.  It was as if the man's body had simply revolted against 
itself.
	Ryoko involuntarily shivered, and looked down the corridor.  
The lights flickered on and off.  Somehow, Ryoko felt that whoever 
had helped her back on Mitsuki's ship had also helped her here.  
Who... whatever it was, was not someone Ryoko wanted to meet.  
	She smiled.  There was only one way she could think of to get 
off this ship, and it was going to be a lot of fun.  Ryoko's gem 
glowed in her left wrist, drawing in power.  An aura of energy 
surrounded Ryoko's arm, and traveled up across her shoulders, and 
her chest.  It covered her body, growing with intensity.  Small 
pieces broke off, flying into the ship, and going strait through 
it.  Ryoko aimed at the floor beneath her feet, and let her 
energies go.

	The bounty hunter's ship was covered in a brilliant flash of 
light.  Everyone on the Ryo-ohki covered their eyes, cringing at 
the light.  When it faded, there was several gasps of suprise as 
part of the bounty hunter's ship was missing.  "Ryo-ohki, what was 
that?"  Tenchi looked closely at the image of the ship.  There 
seemed to be something floating next to it, drifting away from the 
hole in the ship's side.
	Ryo-ohki meowed, and an image of Ryoko appeared.  She floated 
in the middle of space, her eyes closed.  "Quick, Ryo-ohki, let's 
get her!"  The spaceship meowed again, and sped towards her 
friend.  Ryoko's unconcious body phased through Ryo-ohki's hull, 
settling to the floor.  Tenchi, Ayeka and Sasami rushed over to 
her.  Tenchi picked up her head.  "Ryoko?  Ryoko, wake up, 
please."
	Kiyone looked at the space pirate over his shoulder.  "She's 
breathing, Tenchi.  I think she'll be fine.  Ryoko's too tough."
	An image of the bounty hunter appeared, his face a portrait 
of distress.  "Tenchi Masaki?  Are you there?  This is the bounty 
hunter Ito Gasam.  You do remember me, don't you?"
	Shadow's eyes narrowed at the image.  "We remember you, dog.  
Is the GP there?"
	Ito looked nervously to the side, and nodded.  "Yes, Officer 
Mitsuki is here.  I believe you know who my new master is, so I'll 
skip any explanations.  We will get Tenchi Masaki.  It is only a 
matter of time."
	"I seriously doubt that... Ito, you said your name was?"  
Yosho asked.  "If this is your best attempt to capture my 
grandson, by drawing him into conflict in order to save Ryoko, 
then you have seriously underestimated all of us.  Tell Lady 
Tokimi that we will meet her on her own terms, if need be."
	Ito nodded.  "Of course.  Until we meet again, Masaki."  The 
bounty hunter's battered ship disappeared in a flash of light, 
just like Azusa.  
	Ryoko moaned, rubbing her head.  "Damn, I have a headache," 
she complained.
	"Ryoko, you're okay!"  Sasami hugged her around her waist as 
Tenchi helped her to her feet.
	"Of course I'm okay, kid.  Don't tell me you doubted me?"  
Ryoko laughed, weakly, and patted her on the head.
	Tenchi looked at her yellow, feline eyes.  "Ryoko, I..."
	She put a finger to his lips.  "Relax, Tenchi.  Do you 
honestly think some stupid hunter was going to keep me held 
prisoner?"
	Shadow cleared his throat.  "As a former bounty hunter, I 
resent that remark."
	"Resent this," Ryoko stuck her tongue out at him.
	"Are you sure you're okay, Ryoko?  You're not hurt, are you?"  
Tenchi steadied her as she walked forward.  
	Ryoko wrapped her arms around his neck, and jumped up, 
forcing Tenchi to hold her in his arms.  "Well, you don't have to 
let go, if you don't want to," she laughed.
	"Did you cause that blast, Ryoko?  I didn't think you were 
capable of discharging that much energy with only one gem?"  Ayeka 
asked her.
	"Yea, well, it took most of my pow... er...,"  Ryoko's head 
sunk into her chest.
	"Ryoko?"  Tenchi smiled.  "You didn't have to exhaust 
yourself."  He set her down in her chair.  He turned to Yosho.  
"Grandpa, what are we going to do?  I can't just sit around 
waiting for Tokimi to come for me.  It's not fair to any of you."
	Yosho looked down in thought.  "There is a place we can go, 
Yosho.  You know that," Shadow commented.  "We can always go 
home."
	"You mean back to Earth?  Why would we do that when there's 
only a demon waiting there for Sasami?"  Ayeka's voice rose 
slightly.
	Shadow shook his head.  "No, Princess Ayeka.  I mean home.  
Our home."
	"Jurai," Yosho added.  "Why should we go there, Seayo?  We 
already know that Tokimi can influence people there.  She probably 
has someone besides my father already there and in her grasp."
	Shadow Dog shook his head.  "No, she can't reach beneath 
Jurai.  In the city of the Twilight People, there is a place where 
we can make sure Mistress Sasami and Mistress Tsunami will be 
safe.  It's called the Chrysalis Obscura."
	"Is it safe?"  Kiyone asked.
	"Not even Tokimi will be able to reach her there.  She damn 
well knows it, too."  Shadow looked at Sasami.  "Mistress, would 
you be willing to go there?"
	"What about the rest of you?  What are you going to do, while 
I...," her voice trailed off.  She knew what they would do.  "No!  
You can't go after Tokimi, Shadow!  I won't let you."
	"Mistress..."
	"You can't beat her, Shadow!  I saw it in my dream.  If you 
try to fight her, and I'm not there, she'll... all of you will..."  
She ran to Tenchi, hugging him, and buried her face in his chest.  
"Tenchi, please, don't go after her.  I'll never see you again."
	"Sasami," she looked up at him.  "Sasami, I can't just stand 
here and let Tokimi come after me.  She's hurting all of you, and 
I can't let that happen.  If  Shadow Dog can help us put you where 
you'll be safe from her, then I promise we'll come back to you, 
okay Sasami?"
	She looked from Tenchi to Shadow, and nodded.  "All right.  
I'll go."
	Shadow bowed, and spoke to her through their link, "Thank 
you, Mistress."  His gem flashed, and he spoke to Ryo-ohki.  "You 
heard the Mistress, Ryo-ohki.  To Jurai, and step on it."
	Mihoshi's image appeared on the screen.  "Wait for me!  You 
guys can't leave me here!  I'm coming with you, too!"
	"Mihoshi, I think you should--" Kiyone began.
	"WAAAAAHHHH!  I don't wanna stay on Earth!  I wanna go with!"
	"All right!  Just stop crying, already!"
	Ayeka shook her head.  "I'm beginning to have doubts about 
this."

***

	Washu opened her eyes, only to see darkness again.  She 
didn't know if she was looking up or down, until she felt the 
ground beneath her feet.  She wasn't even layng down.  She was 
standing.
	She tried to use her voice, but it was weak.  "Whe... where 
am I?  Is there anyone here?"
	A light appeared in frong of her, a lamp carried by a robed 
figure.  Washu couldn't see the figure's face, as the hood of the 
cape was pulled down over it.  "Who are you?  Did Tsunami send 
you?"
	"You always did ask too many questions, Lady Washu."  The 
figure raised her head.  Washu gasped.  She never expected to see 
this person here.  
	"Lady Achika?  What are you doing here?  Wait, does this mean 
I'm dead?!"  Washu could feel panic rising in her chest.
	Lady Achika shook her head.  "No, Lady Washu.  You are far 
from it.  Tsunami wanted me to help you see the truth.  Do you 
think you are prepared to do so?"  Washu could feel the panic 
start to die at the sound of Achika's voice.
	Washu nodded.  "I'll do whatever it takes.  I have to know, 
for their sake, and my own."  She paused for a second.  "Should 
you... be in Heaven, or something?"
	Achika smiled.  "Yes, but my son is facing his greatest 
trial, yet.  I need to help him, in anyway I can."
	"Well, so what's the truth you wanted to show me?  What's 
happening to me?"
	"Stop asking questions, and open your eyes."  Before Washu 
could say anything, she was blinded by another great light.  In 
the light, she could see the course of her life, going in reverse. 
	"What is this?  I already now all of this."
	"It is so you understand events as they occured.  You see the 
consequences of your actions after you did them."
	Washu could see her past time with Tenchi, adn the others.  
It passed, like flowing water.  Her time with Kagato.  She was 
trapped in a crystal, only able see outside through her daughter, 
forced to whatch as her greatest creation, and the most important 
thing to her, was treated like a machine, and forced to act like a 
monster.  
	"Stop it."  The images didn't stop.  She saw Ryoko's birth, a 
memory Washu had thought almost completely destroyed by time.  The 
experiment that drove Kagato insane.  He used Washu's machines to 
dive in to the mind of an alien who's thought processess were 
totally different from his own.  His mind shattered, and he became 
the monster she saw Tenchi kill.  Before that, when she was a 
teacher, and Kagato was her favorite, brilliant assistant.  He was 
so talented, it was a great shame to her now that he had become a 
monster.  That was her fault.
	"Stop it, please."  She saw herself become Washu-chan, and 
the day that Washu-san left her life almost entirely.  Her baby 
and husband were taken from her.  She saw herself cry, only to go 
on and relive the happy times she spent with them before they were 
taken, and then before the baby was born.  Before she met the man, 
as she went through school.
	"I said I don't want to see this.  Why won't you stop it?"  
The memories were going too swiftly for Washu to cry, even though 
the whole of her life made her want to.  She saw herself as a 
child.  Her loving parents, people of science, raised her and 
protected her.  She saw herself revert back to a child, and then a 
baby.  Washu wanted to scream, but her voice couldn't build the 
strength.  She saw herself become an infant, a newborn.  Then she 
saw the truth.
	Her parents found her, in a forest on some planet that she 
couldn't name, but it looked familiar.  "What is this?  Is this 
what really happened?"  She lay as a babe in a basket, with three 
red gems laying next to her.  The gems she had given her daughter.  
Then, there was a greater light, one she couldn't look at.  
"What's going on, now?"
	"Now, Washu, you learn what happened over twenty thousand 
years ago.  You learn the truth of yourself before you were born."


Author's notes:  Yeeha!  Now I'm picking up steam!  This thing is 
getting more and more fun to write.  I'll get started on part nine 
as soon as possible (which, as of this writing, will probably be 
about ten minutes from now), so don't worry.  I'm just glad I 
finally got off of Earth.  I thought they'd never get out of the 
house.  
	All questions, commentary, compliments, flames, and spell 
check programs should go to killersquid@ticnet.com.  Thank you for 
reading, I truly appreciate it. 
  


          

	 

	     

	        
	  
	

	 
