Disclaimer:  I do not own any of the characters of Tenchi Muyo!  They are owned 
by AIC and Pioneer North America.  I did not create them, and their use here is 
strictly for the enjoyment of myself and anyone who gets bored enough to read 
this.  In other words: Please don't sue my poor ass.

Tenchi Muyo!
From the Blood of the Gods-- Part 6:  The Honor of Blood (or No Need for Drinks)
by the Loneshark

	The Bane of Dragons grunted in pain.  It had been sitting in it's old lair 
for days.  Two weeks, it had been in pain.  Ever since the near fatal fight with 
Funaho's child, it had been slowly healing itself.  The sword the human had used 
possessed a power.  It hadn't sensed this when the boy used the sword, but when 
he'd given it to the old man...
	What had powered the sword so?  The Bane knew it wasn't Funaho's child.  
Any power that old man had once possessed was existing on borrowed time.  
Something else had charged the sword, but what?  It sifted through it's 
memories, hoping to find the answer.  It began looking at the memories from all 
possible angles, hoping to find something.  Other than the sword, there were no 
items of power present in the battle.  The two women both possessed power, but 
nothing compared to it's own might.  It paused, looking deeper at the boy. 
	That boy possessed power!  The demon wondered why it hadn't noticed it 
before.  This was something truely divine.  Something that was greater than the 
Bane of Dragons!  It hissed at the memory.  This boy was a decendant of Funaho.  
It cursed that bitch's name, and moved on.  The boy would have to come later.
	Then, it noticed a detail it hadn't picked up before.  Laying next to the 
purple-haired one.  A small girl, with long blue hair.  It looked at her eyes.  
Yes, this was it's target.  This was the great goddess-child that Lady Tokimi 
had promised.  The Bane of Dragons flashed a sharp-toothed grin.  It would eat 
the young one's soul.  It had to.
	The phantasms dissipated, as an intense burning began in the demon's 
chest.  It knew it was still a long way from regaining its full power, but 
this...  This was something else.  It looked down, to see a blue sigil burning 
to life in it's chest.  It glowed with power, sending spams of pain through it's 
great body.
	"Tokimi!  No, damn you!  You cannot claim me.  You can not!"
	The voice of the Lady echoed inside it's head.  "You have failed me.  You 
are mine, until you honor our bargain."  It saw her beautiful face in it's mind.  
That beautiful face that hid a visage of pain and rage.  "If you fail, I will 
claim your soul."
	The Bane of Dragon's scratched at it's chest, trying to carve out the 
sigil, but it didn't work.  The blue light burned brighter, giving out more 
pain.  The demon fell to it's knees for the first time since it's genesis.  
"Damn, you.  I'll do it.  I'll do it."

***

	"Hey, Shadow!  Come on, already!"  Kiyone called up the stairs at Shadow 
Dog.  "We're waiting on you, ya know?"  Shadow grumbled as he slipped on a light 
jacket, and tied the cloth around his forehead.  It was the only way to hide his 
gem whenever the others dragged him into town.  He turned around, and posed.  
"Well, how did I look?"
	Sasami smiled.  "Don't you think the jacket's a little over doing it?  
It's still summer."
	Shadow shrugged.  "Ayeka suggested it.  She said it makes it easier to get 
away with wearing the cloth over my gem.  Are you sure you don't want me to 
stay?  I just don't feel right leaving you here."
	Sasami walked up and hugged him.  "Thanks, Shadow, but I'll be fine.  It's 
been four weeks since that demon came, and we haven't seen it since.  Besides, 
Washu and Grandpa will be here to look out for me."  She looked up at him, and 
started to push him out of her room.  "That, and you've been on Earth for two 
months, and only been in town once.  You need to get out!  That's an order from 
your mistress."
	Shadow took one look back at her before decending the stairs.  "Yes, 
ma'am."  He waved goodbye, and joined the others downstairs who were waiting for 
him.  Kiyone and Ryoko were impatiently tapping their feet, while Mihoshi was 
still having trouble getting a jacket on.  Ayeka struggled to help her into it.  
"What is a karioke bar, again?"
	"Oh, don't worry, Shadow!"  Mihoshi answered, finally getting her jacket 
on.  "You'll love it!"  	Shadow thought about trying to protest, but Ayeka 
cut him off.  "Well, come on, then.  We've made Tenchi wait ouside for us long 
enough."
	"I'm suprised Nobuyuki let us borrow the van," Ryoko commented as they 
walked to the garage.  "You'd think that cheapskate would make us take the bus."
	"Well, actually," Kiyone said, slightly nervous, "He was going to work 
really late, tonight, and only let Tenchi borrow it if we promised to pick him 
up afterwards."
	Ryoko grumbled.  "Told ya.  A cheapskate."
	"Be greatful that he's letting us use it, Ryoko."  Tenchi stood next to 
the van, idily dangling the keys from his hand.  "All right, everyone pile in!"
	They did so almost literally, as Mihoshi tripped when climbing in after 
Ayeka, falling on the princess and grabbing Kiyone, pulling her on top of them.  
Tenchi winced at the site as Shadow tried to help them up, and ended up being 
pulled onto the pile.  Ryoko shook her head.  "Idiots."  She shoved them in with 
her foot, and climbed into the shotgun.
	Ryoko smoothed out her dress as she buckled up.  She'd been waiting all 
week for this date with Tenchi.  She was still a little mad at Mihoshi for 
suggesting that it would also be the perfect opportunity for the rest of them to 
get out of the house and have some fun.  Ryoko was about to show the blond ditz 
a new definition of pain when Ayeka suggested that they spilt up when they get 
downtown, and meet back after both groups were ready to go.
	She had to admit, the princess was sounding intelligent, for once.

***

	He looked down at the body lying at his feet, and sneered.  "Worthless."  
He raised the great sword above his head, and brought it down on the prone body 
of his son.  "You were a failure to me, Yosho."
	The bodies of the others lay around him, all dead.  His daughters, the 
honorless whores.  That stupid space pirate, the cowardly bounty hunter, his 
annoying Juraian wife, and the two Galaxy Police officers, all of them dead.  
Their blood stained his hands, and he could smell their souls rise from their 
bodies, hear their last cries of torment, savoring the final breath as the 
darkness washed over them.
	"Kill the boy, now!"  His Lady's voice.  Her song rang through his head, 
pushing him forward.  The devil boy, the one who had driven him to this final, 
desperate act, stood with an aura of white surrounding him.  
	"You think that you are so holy, boy?"  He raised his sword.  "You are 
nothing before me."  He charged the boy, expelling every last ounce of hatred 
from his lungs in a powerful scream.  The boy didn't move, his Wings forming 
around him, hoping that they would protect him.  He rammed his sword through the 
boy's shield, shattering it.  The sword drove deep into the gut, slicing cleanly 
through muscle, organ and tissue.
	His earthling wife screamed, "Azusa, no!"

	He awoke with a scream, a voice still echoing inside his mind.  The dream 
should be over!  Wasn't it?  He looked around.  His wives were gone, having left 
a day earlier to visit his daughters on Earth.  The Emperor of Jurai rose out of 
bed.  The first rays of morning poked around the curtains, slightly hurting his 
eyes.  He didn't care.
	He just didn't want to go to Earth.  He didn't want the dream to come 
true, to watch in horror as that song forced him to act, to kill.  He rose to 
dress, knowing that it was hopeless.  Lady Tokimi would have her way, even if 
she killed him in the process.

***

	"Aw, come on!  It's not that bad,"  Kyione said to the bounty hunter, 
who's face was resting on the table, trying to block out the sound of Ayeka and 
Mihoshi's duet on stage.  "Do you really not like karioke?"
	Shadow lifted his head, and grabbed the nearset waitress by the arm.  "I 
need something hard.  Really hard."  The waitress looked at him with a bit of 
worry, then shrugged and went to the bar.  Shadow Dog turned back to Kiyone.  
"Does that answer your question?"
	"You're no fun, Shadow,"  Kiyone pouted, and took another drink of her 
beer.  
	"How can you drink like that?  That's your sixth one, and you're not even 
buzzed."  Shadow reached across the table for a half-empty bottle, and emptied 
it down his throat.  He didn't think Kiyone was even capable of being this 
relaxed.
	"Well, I just have a high metabolism, that's all."
	Shadow raised an eyebrow.  "Right."  Ayeka hit a high note in the song, 
causing Shadow to wince.  Kiyone smacked him in the back of the head.
	"Lighten up, already!  We're here to have a good time, so as official 
Resident Officer of Earth, I'm giving you an order to enjoy yourself."
	Shadow shook his head, and thanked the waitress as she set down a bottle 
of some clear liquid.  He looked at the label, and then upended the bottle.  
"You know, you can be just as pushy as Mistress Sasami."
	Kiyone looked at him in slight disbelief.  "Um, do you know what that is?"
	Shadow looked at the label, and then back at Kiyone.  "What?  It says 
'everclear.'  Is that bad, or something?"  He upended the bottle again, draining 
half of it.  He begin to feel the effect.  "Well, now they don't sound so bad."
	Kiyone shrugged.  "Whatever works."  Ayeka and Mihoshi came back to the 
table through a small crowd of cheers.
	"Oh, thank you!  Thank you!  Oh, my, I'm so embarrassed!"  Mihoshi had a 
slightly harder time making it back than Ayeka, due to a crowd of admirers.  The 
Juraian princess sat down, and poured herself some saki.
	"That was fun!"
	"You did great," Kyone said.
	"You really think so?  I don't know, I think I hit a note a little too 
high."  Shadow opened his mouth to say something, but Kiyone clamped her hand 
over it before he could get out a syllable.
	"Don't even think about it," she muttered in his ear.  Shadow could 
imagine the sound of Kiyone's blaster charging.  The alcohol was starting to 
work on his brain, and he also imagined something else.  He pulled her hand off 
of his mouth.	
	"What are you going to do, officer?  Frisk me?"  He flashed a drunken 
smile, and Kiyone put his face back into the table.
	"When I said enjoy yourself, I didn't mean that much."  Ayeka couldn't 
help but giggle, her face red.  "All right, funny man.  Why don't you go up 
there and try it out?"
	Shadow frowned at the GP as he raised his head off of the table.  "Oh, 
please, Shadow?  It'll be great, you'll have fun!"  Mihoshi cheered as she sat 
back down.  Shadow shook his head.
	"No thanks, Mihoshi.  I'm just here to kill brain cells."  He offered 
Ayeka his bottle.  "Care for a draught, Princess?  It's quite strong."
	"I'm fine, thank you,"  Ayeka said from the other side of a cup of saki.
	"Come on, Shadow!  Get up and sing, please?"  Mihoshi's eyes grew and 
sparkeled and she pleaded.

***

	Ryoko had spent the whole evening smiling.  She couldn't help herself.  It 
had been a whole month since Tenchi first told her that he loved her.  A whole 
month since she'd gotten to take him out on a real date.  It had been perfect, 
so far.  The club they'd gone to wasn't packed, and she'd easily gotten them in, 
anyway.  Tenchi hadn't shied away when she tried to kiss him.  He'd even kissed 
her, something Ryoko had almost thought would never happen, at one time.  Ryoko 
leaned on him as they walked down the sidewalk to the bar where the others were.  
	"Hm, Ryoko?"  Tenchi looked down at her.  "You okay, Ryoko?  You stopped 
speaking."
	"Oh?  I guess I got distracted."  She put her arm around his waist, and 
gave a sharp-toothed smile.
	Tenchi sighed.  She was beautiful, even with the fangs.  "Come on, Ryoko.  
You're up to something."
	Ryoko stepped back, trying to act innocent.  "Me?  Tenchi, how could you 
think such a thing?"
	He smiled.  "I guess I've gotten used to it now.  It's starting to get 
easy to spot you when you're up to something."  He looked at Ryoko.  "Oh!  I 
didn't mean it like that... I just..."
	Ryoko put a finger to his lips.  "Relax.  I know what you what you meant."  
She looked up at the sign on the buliding in front of them.  "Well, is this it?"
	Tenchi nodded.  "Yea.  Let's see if their inside."
	Tenchi and Ryoko almost facefaulted when they walked into the karioke bar.  
Shadow was on the stage, singing.  He'd obviously been drinking, too.  His words 
slurred, and his voice shifted from hoarse to clear almost regularly with the 
beat.  They spotted Mihoshi among the patrons, standing on her chair and waving 
to them.  "Tenchi!  Ryoko!  Over here!"  
	They walked over and sat down next to Mihoshi, while Kiyone and Ayeka 
whatched Shadow's performance.  "Now I'm sorry I challenged him," Kiyone 
commented.
	Ryoko asked, "What?  What'd you do now, cop?"
	"Kiyone challenged Shadow to sing.  He got drunk enough to get up there, 
too," Ayeka answered her.
	"Well, it looks like you got what you deserved, Kiyone.  Hey, Princess, 
don't hog the saki!"  Ryoko reached across the table and grabbed the bottle, 
taking a drink.  "Ah!"  She offered the bottle to Tenchi, who pushed it away.
	"No, someone has to drive, Ryoko."  She shrugged, and drank some more.
	Shadow walked back to the table, and bowed in front of Kiyone with 
suprising balance.  "Well, now, Detective, I've met your challenge.  Now pay 
up!"
	Kiyone frowned, and pulled out a small handful of bills.  "Fine, fine.  
Next round's on me."  She signaled the waitress.  "A round of beers, please!"
	Shadow sat back down in his seat.  "Oh, Tenchi!  Ryoko!  How's your night 
been?"
	"Um, fine.  It looks like you guys are enjoying yourselves,"  Tenchi said.
	Shadow shrugged.  "Well, you don't have to make a fool of yourself for a 
drink."
	"No, that comes after the drink," Ayeka commented.  Shadow stuck his 
tongue out at her.

***

	Tenchi sighed as he pulled the van up to the house.  "Well, I can't say 
tonight was boring," he thought.  The first part with Ryoko had been great.  He 
just got to be with her, no matter how many other people were around.  It was 
the second part, when they found Ayeka, Shadow Dog, Kiyone and Mihoshi in the 
karioke bar that things started to get wild.  Ayeka and Mihoshi sat in the back, 
both of then subdued into alcoholic slumbers.  Ryoko slumped in the passenger's 
seat in the same condition, a smile on her face.
	It was Shadow and Kiyone who'd provided the most comedic entertainment.  
Their challenge earlier had escalated into a drinking contest.  Tenchi was 
amazed that neither of them had passed out, and was sure they'd be there all 
night if the manager hadn't thrown them out.  Shadow's head appeared beside him, 
a look of desperation on the bounty hunter's face.  "Tenchi, help me!  I think 
Kiyone's gone past her limit."
	Before Tenchi could ask, Kiyone's hand reached up and grabbed Shadow's 
shoulder.  "Oh, Shadow!  You're not trying to get away from me, are you?"  Was 
that really Kiyone?
	"Tenchi, help!  She's, um... well, you know!  I can't get her off of me!"
	Tenchi wasn't sure if he should laugh or turn red.  "You made the mess, 
Shadow.  You deal with her."  The van came to a stop in front of the house.  
Washu walked out as Tenchi climbed out of the van.
	"Hello, Tenchi.  Did you kids have fun?"
	Tenchi scratched his head.  "Well, I had a good time with Ryoko, if that's 
what you want to know.  As for everyone else..."
	The side doors of the van burst open, with Shadow stumbling out at full 
speed.  "Ahh!  She's got the handcuffs!"  Kiyone followed, holding a pair of 
handcuffs.
	"Stop!  You can't beat a Galaxy Police officer at a bet and get off that 
easily.  I'm gonna..."  Tenchi and Washu didn't hear her finish as she followed 
Shadow into the house.  
	Washu stood there, stunned.  "Was that Kiyone, or am I starting to confuse 
her with Mihoshi?"  Tenchi shook his head, and pointed in the van.  Ayeka and 
Mihoshi tumbled out, half awake.
	"Tenschi?  Where'sh my rhoom... again?"  Ayeka supported Mihoshi, guiding 
her into the house.
	Washu hung her head.  "Those kids are hopeless."
	"Well, thanks for looking after Mayuka and Sasami, Washu.  I appreciate 
it."
	Washu smiled.  "No problem, Tenchi."  She looked up at him for an extra 
second, smiling, and then giggled.  "Ah, good night, Tenchi.  Hope you sleep 
well."  Washu waked back inside.
	A large sweatdrop formed on Tenchi's head.  "What was that all about?"  He 
shrugged, and walked around to the other side of the van to help Ryoko out.  
"Ryoko?"  He whispered, not wanting to startle her.  She mumbled as Tenchi undid 
the seat belt, and pulled her out of the van.  She was light, for being so 
tough.  He carried her in his arms, the girl wrapping her arms around his neck.  
"At least your peaceful."
	Ryoko's golden eyes flashed open.  "Guess again, Tenchi."  Before he could 
react, Ryoko teleported them away.  When Tenchi's senses caught up, he found 
himself falling onto his bed.  He landed with Ryoko still on top of him.
	"Ryoko!  What are you--"
	She put a hand over his mouth.  "Shh.  Relax, Tenchi.  I'm not gonna hurt 
you."  She drew circles on his chest with her index finger.  "I just wanted to 
thank you for tonight."
	"Ryoko, you're drunk."  Tenchi was grasping for some way out of this.  He 
could already feel his hormones running out of control.  The feeling was making 
him nervous as hell.
	She chuckled, and shook her head.  "Come on, Tenchi.  You'd think I'd get 
plastered on a night like this?  Those fools got wasted enough for all of us."  
She kissed him.  
	Tenchi was slightly confused.  Shouldn't his nose be ready to bleed right 
now?  Why wasn't has face red?  Why wasn't he nervous?  It had just... gone 
away.
	"See?  No reason to be afraid, Tenchi."
	"Ryoko, I..."  What could he say?  Tenchi sighed.  "I love you Ryoko."
	She kissed him again.  "I love you too, Tenchi."

***

	Tenchi opened his eyes, watching the morning sun peak over the window.  He 
hadn't slept all night, but he didn't feel tired.  He looked down at the shock 
of cyan hair laying on his chest, and smiled.  "A demon sleeps here."  Those 
words echoed in his head, whispering like a ghost.  Tenchi pulled himself out 
from under Ryoko, and reached for his pants.  When he got them on, he bent down 
and kissed her.  "You're not a demon, Ryoko."  She looked so peaceful when she 
was asleep, the nightmares no longer haunting her.
	Tenchi pulled on a clean shirt, quietly left his room, and walked 
downstairs.  He needed a shower, but he needed breakfast, first.  He could smell 
breakfast cooking as he walked down into the lounge.  "Oh, good.  Sasami's up."  
He started to head for the kitchen, but stopped when he noticed Shadow laying on 
the couch, handcuffed to Kiyone, who was asleep on the floor.
	Shadow yawned, his red eyes squinting as he awoke.  Even in his humanoid 
form, he reminded Tenchi of a dog.  "Tenchi, you're up?"  He nodded.  "Um, it's 
not how it looks, really.  I..."
	"You got drunk.  I know.  Do you even remember what happened?"
	Shadow rested his head on his free hand.  "Well, Kiyone caught up to me 
inside the front door, and planned to... well, I'm sure you have a pretty good 
idea.  She made it to the couch before she passed out on the floor.  I've been 
handcuffed to her all night."
	Tenchi looked at the cuffs.  "Where are the keys?"
	"I think they're in her right pants pocket.  Could you get them?"  Tenchi 
knelt, wary of waking Kiyone with his hand in her pocket.  Shadow's nostril's 
flared as he sniffed Tenchi.  "What a minute.  Where's Ryoko?  You...,"  
Realization slowly dawned upon him.  "Ha ha!  You and Ryoko... she finally got 
you!"
	Tenchi could feel the blood rushing to his face.  "It's... it's not what 
you think.  We weren't drunk."
	Shadow nodded.  "Yea, I know.  It was obvious she wasn't asleep.  Couldn't 
you tell?"  His head sank into the couch.  "Hehe.  Well, I guess it's about time 
you--"
	"Ow!"  Kiyone moaned, and struggled to her knees.  Tenchi decided to help 
her up instead of looking for the keys to the cuffs.  He set Kiyone on the couch 
next to Shadow.  "My head.  Oh, god, I feel terrible."
	A large bead of sweat formed on Tenchi and Shadow's foreheads as Kiyone 
opened her eyes and looked down at ther arm.  "What?  Shadow, what are you 
doing? Why did you handcuff me?"
	"Actually you handcuffed me."
	Kiyone leaned back.  "What?  Um, what happened?  I don't remember, I 
guess."  She was embarrassed.  How could she let herself get so out of control?
	"After our little drinking contest, you wanted to... strip search me.  
Among other things."  He raised their arms joined by the cuffs.  "I know you 
have a hangover, but could you undo these, please?"
	Kiyone reached into her pocket and pulled out the keys.  "If you ever tell 
anyone about this, I swear I will make you regret it,"  her voice was groggy and 
low as she undid the cuffs.  Shadow rubbed his wrist, and nodded.
	"Trust me, I don't need to have another memory of a drunken night with a 
GP.  It's bad for a bounty hunter's reputation."
	Tenchi and Kiyone frowned at him, but the detective was too tired to say 
anything, and Tenchi felt it best to leave it alone.  "I'll go see if breakfast 
is almost ready."  He scratched at an itch on his head.
	Kiyone eyed him closely as he walked into the kitchen, and then turned to 
Shadow.  "Why does he look like that?  He looks like he went through the dryer, 
or something."
	Shadow scratched his nose.  "You mean you couldn't smell it on him?"  
Kiyone shook her head.  "Hm, he slept with Ryoko, last night."  
	Kiyone's bloodshot eyes grew several sizes larger.  "What?!"

	Tenchi expected to see Sasami happily working on breakfast when he walked 
into the kitchen.  He didn't expect to see the blue-haired Juraian Empress 
Misaki.  She worked like a mirror image of Sasami, going from one end of the 
kitchen to the other, chopping vegetables, checking the temperature of the soup, 
grabbing dishes from the cupboard.  She finally noticed Tenchi after he stood 
there for several seconds, trying to figure out how and why she was here.  
	"Ahh! Tenchi, it's good to see you up so early!  I'll have breakfast ready 
soon.  Could you get the others for me?"  She looked at Tenchi curiously when he 
didn't move.  "Tenchi?"
	"Lady Misaki?  Um, what are you... I mean, it's good to see you, but... 
when did you get here?"
	"Last night, while you were out.  Why, didn't Washu tell you?"
	Washu!  "Oh, I see.  Does that mean Lady Funaho's here, also?"
	Misaki nodded.  "Yes, we slept in Mayuka's room.  You have such a 
beautiful daughter, Tenchi.  Oh, and don't worry, Washu and Sasami told us the 
whole story.  I'm just happy to see all of you!"  She couldn't contain herself 
anymore.  Misaki raced over to Tenchi and embraced him in a powerful hug.  
Tenchi stood slightly stunned, and then managed to pull himself away.  
	"Um, I'm sorry, Lady Misaki, but I don't think that everyone will feel 
like eating this morning.  We, um, got a little carried away, last night, and... 
well... most everyone but me and Ryoko have hangovers."
	Lady Misaki breathed in the air around Tenchi, apparently unaware of what 
he'd just said.  "Ugh, Tenchi!  When's the last time you took a bath?  You smell 
like..."
	"Well, I'll just go see who's up!"  Tenchi made a quick exit from the 
kitchen.  Misaki's eyes went wide as she thought she recognized the scent.
	"But... No, Tenchi couldn't have..."

***

	Shadow and Kiyone were almost asleep again when Tenchi ran out of the 
kitchen.  Kiyone jolted awake, felling him rush past.  "Tenchi?  What is it?"
	He stopped at the foot of the stairs.  "Lady Misaki and Lady Funaho are 
here!"
	"Huh?  They're here?  Since when?"
	"Last night.  They got here while we were out.  I have to get everyone 
awake and sober, fast!"  He started to run up the stairs.
	"Tenchi!"  He stopped, and looked back at Kiyone.  "Did you and Ryoko 
really...?"
	"Yes, all right?"  He continued running, faster than before.  "Jeez, I 
wish they wouldn't make a big deal out of it."  He knocked on the door to Ayeka 
and Sasami's room.  There was no answer.  He knocked again.  "Oh, man.  Come on, 
please!"
	Sasami slid the door open, fully awake and dressed.  "Good morning, 
Tenchi.  What is it?"
	"Um, Sasami, could you go help your mother in the kitchen?  Just keep her 
busy while I try to get everyone awake, okay?"  Tenchi ran up the stairs to his 
room.  Sasami shrugged wand walked down to the lounge.
	"Good morning, Kiyone.  Morning, Shadow!"
	Kiyone winced.  "Ow, my head.  Please, don't yell, Sasami."
	"But I didn't yell," she murmered.  "What's wrong with Kiyone?"  She spoke 
to Shadow through thier link.
	Shadow took the towel off of his head, and set it on the coffee table.  
"She... had a little too much to drink, last night.  I'll tell you about it, 
later.  Did you know that your mother and aunt are here?"
	"Yep.  They've been here since last night.  Didn't you see thier ships?  
They're right above the house.  Come on, I'll introduce you."  Sasami grabbed 
Shadow's hand, and pulled him into the kitchen. 
	"Um, Mistress, do you think that's such a good idea?"
	"Why wouldn't it be?  Stop being difficult."

***

	Tenchi opened the door to his room, and poked his head in.  "Ryoko?"  His 
bed was empty, both Ryoko and her clothes gone from the room.  "Good, then she's 
already awake."  He went back down to Ayeka's room, and knocked on the door.  
There was a moan from inside.  "Please, get up, Ayeka."  He knocked again.  
	Ayeka's voice came from the other side of the door.  "All right, all 
right."  The door opened, Ayeka shileding her eyes from the light.  "Yes, 
Tenchi?  What is it?"
	"Ayeka, I'm sorry, but you need to wake up.  Your mother and Lady Funaho 
are here, and--"
	"What?  Mother, here?  She can't be, not when I'm hungover like this!"  
Ayeka grabbed Tenchi's shirt.  "I'm a mess, I can't just... ow!"  She stopped, 
and grabbed her head.
	"Ayeka?"
	She rested a hand on Tenchi's shoulder, trying to keep her balance.  "I'm 
all right.  It's just this incredible headache."  She sighed.  "Please, Tenchi, 
tell my mother to be patient.  I'll be down as soon as possible."  She turned, 
and looked at Mihoshi, who was sprawled out on her futon.  "Just don't expect me 
to try and wake her up."
	"Thank you, Miss Ayeka."  Ayeka smiled, and closed the door.  Tenchi 
breathed a sigh of relief, and walked down stairs, coming to a stop on the 
couch.  Well, that was everyone, except Washu, Mayuka, and... who else was he 
forgetting?
	Tenchi looked around, trying to figure it out.  "Kiyone?"  The Detective 
was laying on the other couch, her hands covering her eyes.
	"Yes?"  She half moaned.
	"Do you feel like we forgot someone?  I know it's crazy, but I can't help 
feel that we forgot someone last night..."
	Kiyone bolted upright.  "Oh, my god!  We forgot Nobuyuki!"
	"Dad!  Oh, man, I can't believe we completely forgot about him!"      
	Lady Funaho cleared her throat.  Tenchi and Kiyone turned to see the 
Juraian Empress dressed less formally than Tenchi had last seen her, holding his 
daughter.  "Good morning, Tenchi.  It's good to see you, after so long."
	Tenchi bowed.  "Um, Lady Funaho.  It's very good to see you, um... I..."
	She smiled, and walked over to him.  "It's fine, Tenchi.  Washu told me 
that you were out when we arrived, so I didn't think you'd mind if we made 
ourselves at home."  She looked down at Mayuka.  "You have a marvelous daughter, 
Tenchi."
	"Well, thank you.  Um, if you'll excuse me, I have to make a call."  
Tenchi went into the front room.
	"And you must be Detective Kiyone?"  Funaho looked at the GP.
	Kiyone stood, tentatively, and bowed.  "It's good to meet you, Lady 
Funaho."
	Funaho smiled.  "Thank you, Kiyone.  I've heard a lot about you.  It's 
good to finally meet you in person."  She walked up to Kiyone and held out a 
hand, Mayuka staring at the space bewteen them.  Kiyone took it, and bowed 
again.  
	"I'm so sorry that you had to see us like this, I--"
	Funaho raised her and, cutting her off.  "It's quite all right, Kiyone.  I 
saw the state you were in last night, although you didn't see me at the top of 
the stairs.  I'm sure you all had fun."
	Kiyone's face turned red.  "Please, excuse me.  I have to go change."  She 
started to walk up the stairs, and began running halfway up.
	Funaho smiled.  "What it was like to young and free."  She looked at her 
great-great-granddaughter.  "And are you hungry, Mayuka?"  She carried her into 
the kitchen, the little girl giggling.
	"Oh, good morning, Sis,"  Misaki waved to her.  "Have you met Shadow Dog, 
yet?"  She motioned to the pale young man standing next to her.  He straightened 
himself at the presence of Funaho, and bowed.
	"Lady Funaho, I am honored--"
	"I am honored to meet you, and I hope I can be of service to you.  Is that 
what you were going to say?"  She set Mayuka down on the kitchen island, 
"Believe me, you don't need to be so formal.  Sasami told us all about you."
	Shadow smiled, nervously, and scratched his head.  "He he, well, I thank 
you.  I hope Mistress Sasami has been kind in her tales."
	"Of course I have!"  He heard Sasami's voice in her head.  She busied 
herself over breakfast, not turning around to speak.  "I hope you're going to 
enjoy your visit, Aunt Funaho."
	"I'm sure we will.   Mayuka seems hungry, could you tell me were her food 
is?"
	"Oh, let me get," Shadow offered.
	"Oh, you're so sweet!"  Misaki gave Shadow a bone-crunching hug.
	"Urk!  Thank you."  His pale flesh turned red, and Shadow's gem glowed 
dimly as he reached out with his mind for another person in the house.  "Ryo-
ohki?  Wake up, Ryo-ohki."
	"Miya?  What is it?"
	"Get up and get down here, I need a diversion to keep Lady Misaki 
occupied."
	"Sasami's mommy is here?  Yippie!"

***

	Tenchi hung up the phone, and shook his head.  His father wasn't at the 
office.  Maybe he was already on his way home, taking the bus Tenchi used to get 
to school after Ryoko had... relocated the house, three years ago.  Tenchi hoped 
that he wasn't too angry when he got home.
	The young man made his way to the kitchen.  He hoped breakfast was almost 
ready.  His stomach growled as he walked into the kitchen.  "Good morning, 
Sasami."  He saw the blue-haired girl working as dutifully as usual at 
breakfast. 
	"Oh, good morning, Tenchi.  Breakfast will be ready in just a minute.  
Don't worry about getting Mayuka.  Aunt Funaho and Shadow are taking care of 
her.  They're setting the table, now."
	Tenchi smacked his forehead.  He'd forgotten Lady Funaho!  "Thanks, 
Sasami."  He walked into the room with the table.  Shadow, Lady Misaki, and Lady 
Funaho were already seated, the morning's fish and rice already set out.  Mayuka 
waved to her father from Shadow's lap.  
	"Tenchi!  It's good to see you!"  Lady Funaho smiled at him.
	"Eh, thank you, Lady Funaho.  I hope we didn't make too much noise when we 
came in, last night."
	"Oh, no.  It's fine.  I...,"  she paused, and peered at Tenchi.  "Tenchi?"
	"Um, yes?"  A large sweatdrop formed on his head.  Could everyone tell?  
"Wha...what is it?"
	Lady Funaho's eyes grew wide.  "You were right, Misaki.  He did."
	Misaki giggled.  "See?  I knew you would be able to tell!"
	Tenchi felt the blood rush to his face.  "Um, tell what?"
	Funaho waved her hand.  "Oh, come now, Tenchi.  You don't have to be 
embarrased.  You are a young man, after all."
	Tenchi didn't know what to do.  What was the big deal?  He's just lost his 
virginity, that's all.  Why was everyone--?
	"Oh, Tenchi?"  Ryoko's familiar voice said his name.  Tenchi's eyebrows 
rose as she materialized behind him, her hands around his chest, and her legs 
wrapped around his waist.  He could feel her body press against his back.  She 
was naked.  "Tenchi, you left me all alone.  That wasn't very nice. I--"  She 
saw the two Juraian Empresses, staring wide-eyed at the scene.  "Um, Tenchi?  
Why didn't you tell me that they were here?"
	Misaki and Funaho were at an obvious loss for words, while Shadow remained 
as composed as ever.  "Could you handle her, for me?  I've got to go help 
Mistress Sasami."  He placed Mayuka in Funaho's lap, and went to the kitchen.  
Mayuka waved her hands in Funaho's face, wondereing why the lady wasn't moving.
	"Um, good morning, Mother.  I'm so glad you came to visi...,"  Ayeka 
stopped speaking as she walked in.  Tenchi turned around, Ryoko still clinging 
to him.  What was Ryoko doing?  She tried to regain her composure.  "Miss Ryoko!  
I hardly think that it's appropriate to eat breakfast naked!"
	Tenchi could already see the maelstrom coming.  "Ryoko, don't say--"
	"Why not, Princess?  I've been like this since last night, isn't that 
right, Tenchi?"  She gripped Tenchi tighter, nuzzling her head into his neck.
	Ayeka froze.  She knew it had to happen, eventually.  She didn't think 
it'd be so soon.  "Don't you dare break down, now," she thought to herself.  It 
hurt her to know, but at least it was over with.  She didn't have to worry about 
how she would handle it, now.  "You have to let go of your illusions, Ayeka."
	The Princess regained control of herself.  "That's no excuse, Ryoko.  Even 
you should know better than to parade around in front of guests in the nude."  
She sat down next to her mother.  "I just wish you'd bothered to put some 
clothes on, that's all."  Ayeka smiled.  She was getting better at this stronger 
person stuff.
	For some reason that even she couldn't quite figure out, Ryoko just 
laughed.  "Okay, Ayeka.  Fine."  She teleported away, still laughing.  "Why the 
hell did she have to grow up?  It was so much more fun when I could tease her," 
Ryoko thought.
	Tenchi stood still for a second, trying to figure out everything that had 
just happened.  He shook his head, and sat down next to Funaho.  Mayuka smiled, 
and went to her father.  
	"Well, it seems that you've been through a lot since we were here last, 
Tenchi."
	"Yes, well, things are never boring.  Are they, Mayuka?"  His daughter 
giggled.
	Misaki stared at her daughter.  "Ayeka?"
	Ayeka turned to her.  "It's good to see you, Mother.  I'm glad you decided 
to come and visit us.  I apologize if things have been... unusual."  Ayeka 
sighed.  She still had a hangover, and her head was in so much pain.
	"Ayeka,"  Misaki's eyes narrowed at her.  "My Little Ayeka?"
	Ayeka gritted her teeth, trying to ignore the headache.  "No, Mother.  I 
am not your Little Aykea anymore.  I am a woman in my own right, and I deserve 
to be recognized as such."  Tenchi and Funaho watched nervously, waiting for 
Misaki to say something.  The Empress looked at her daughter with sad eyes, and 
then hung her head.
	"You have grown up, haven't you?  Oh, my darling Ayeka."  She looked up, 
her eyes filled with new resolve.  "Very well, Ayeka.  If that is what you want, 
that's the way it will be."
	Ayeka smiled.  "Thank you, Mother."
	Funaho was shocked.  She had never seen her sister react like this.  She 
didn't think Ayeka would ever act so mature, either.
	"Hey, I'd hate to break the tention here, but could you clear some room?"  
Shadow carried in the soup, Sasami and Kiyone following.  He set it down on the 
table.  "Mistress, are you sure this isn't too much?"
	"Will you just sit down and eat?  You're really beginning to worry, too 
much," Sasami scolded him, and sat down.  She looked around, trying to figure 
out what was missing.  "Hey, Tenchi.  Where's Ryoko, Mihoshi, and Father?"
	Ryoko appeared next to her, dressed in a tank-top and denim shorts, 
pulling along a sleeping Mihoshi.  "Right here, Sasami.  Except for Nobuyuki, 
that is."  
	Mihoshi's nostrils grew as she smelled breakfast.  She snorted awake, 
slowly opening her eyes.  "Hm?  Oh, is it breakfast already?  Oh, my, how did I 
get here?"  She started to dig in.
	"Well, Sasami, we kind of forgot about Dad, last night," Tenchi scratched 
at his head.
	"Well, that wasn't very polite of you, was it, Tenchi?"  Tenchi jumped, 
startled by the unexpect voice of his grandfather.  Katsuhito sat down next to 
him, "You were very irresponsible in forgetting you father, Tenchi.  We'll 
discuss it after breakfast, during training.  Shadow, I would like you to be 
there, as well."  Shadow nodded.
	"What?  So early?  Couldn't you let him have a day off, Yosho?"  Funaho 
asked him.
	Yosho smiled.  "It's good to see you, Mother.  I'm sorry, but he must 
learn from his errors, somehow."
	"Oh?  And you never forgot about your father, Yosho?"
	Katsuhito blushed.  "Well... that is... a different situation, Mother."
	"Very well.  I know I can't change your mind, anyway.  Speaking of your 
father, he will be here, today."
	Shadow choked on his soup, spitting it onto his shirt.  The Emporer was 
coming.  He was coming for Tenchi.  That bastard was breaking the Twilight Ward!
	"Shadow?  Are you okay?"  Sasami asked him in his head.
	"Oh, yes, Mistress.  I'm fine.  I just... burned my tongue.  That's all."  
Sasami stared at him for a moment, and then shrugged.

***

	"You aren't mad at me for this morning, are you?"  Ryoko's fingers played 
up and down Tenchi's back.  The sensation made him shiver.  Ryoko giggled.
	"Of course not.  Just... try to behave while they're here, okay?  They're 
our guests, Ryoko."
	"Well, they shouldn't have just showed up like that."  Ryoko hovered 
behind Tenchi, resting her head on his shoulder.  "Tenchi?"
	"What is it?"
	"I... want to thank you.  You didn't run away from me."  Her voice was 
low, and serious.  It was a side Tenchi didn't see very much of before, but had 
been seeing a lot more of recently.  "You were my first, too, Tenchi."
	Tenchi was suprised to hear that.  "But, I thought...  Of course.  I'm so 
stupid."  He cursed himself.  She'd been Kagato's servant since she was born.  
Of course she hadn't been with a man.  He kissed her, and fastened the belt of 
his pants.
	"Oh, Tenchi," Ryoko whined, "Do you have to train so early?  Let Yosho be 
angry.  Just... give me a few minutes, eh?"  She whispered into his ear. 
	"Ryoko!"  Tenchi struggled to put his training gi on.  He hoped she didn't 
try to force him to stay.  She'd win.
	"I don't think he'd be able to walk after you're done with him, Ryoko.  
Yosho may want his grandson to be able to move for next couple of days."  Shadow 
Dog melted out of the shadows in the corner of Tenchi's room.  
	Tenchi jumped, startled by the man's intrusion.  "Can't you knock?"
	"Yosho sent me to fetch you.  He's getting impatient, Tenchi."
	"All right, all right.  Ryoko, please, I have to go?"  She let go of him, 
and floated over to his bed.
	"I'll be waiting," she winked at him.  Tenchi swallowed the lump that 
formed in his throat.  
	"Ahem," Shadow interrrupted, "Tenchi, could you bring your sword?"
	"What?  Why?"
	Shadow shrugged.  "Your grandfather asked for you to bring it.  Don't ask 
me why."  Tenchi grabbed his sword, slipping it inside his gi.

***

	"Will you stop making such a big deal about it?"  Tenchi asked the bounty 
hunter for the fourth time since they had left the house.  "I don't see what 
everyone's problem is!"
	"You don't have to be embarrassed, Tenchi.  You're only human, after all.  
It was perfectly natural.  You do love her."  Shadow said, calmly.
	Tenchi sighed in frustration.  "I just don't see why everyone has to have 
an opinion on it, or even know about it.  It's not their business, is it?"
	"Eh, it was just obvious.  I could smell Ryoko's body odor on you.  So 
could Misaki.  Your great-grandmother could see it.  You should have taken a 
bath, first."
	Tenchi grumbled as they made their way through the woods to the practice 
area.  Yosho sat on a large rock, waiting for them.  "Well, Tenchi.  You 
certainly took your time."
	"You'll have to forgive him, Lord Katsuhito.  He had some trouble getting 
his love to let go of him long enough to get out the door."  Shadow chuckled.  
Tenchi shot his a glance of annoyance, but it didn't affect him.
	"Yes, well, you'll have to learn how to deal with that on your own.  
Concentrate on your training, now." 
	Tenchi bowed.  "Yes, sir."
	"Did you bring the sword?"  Tenchi nodded, and pulled out the sword, 
Tenchiken.  Yosho nodded in satisfaction.  "Good.  Practice will be short today, 
as I doubt you slept last night.  You should get some rest afterwards.  Shadow, 
make sure Ryoko lets him sleep, this time."
	"Yes, sir."
	"Shadow, I want you to take your hound form.  Tenchi, use your sword 
against Shadow."
	"What?"  Tenchi took a step back.  "But, what if I hurt him?  I don't want 
to kill him in practice!"
	Yosho shook his head.  "You won't harm him.  I'll be right here to ensure 
that, and I'm sure Shadow will try everything in his power to keep from getting 
hurt.  Now, take your positions."
	"Don't worry, Tenchi.  Just try and do your best."  Shadow was encased in 
a column of black fire, and changed into his hound form.  His red gem flashed, 
and he barked.  Tenchi resigned himself to his grandfather's orders.  The blue 
blade of the sword came to life in his hands, and he stood ready.
	"CUUUUUUUUUUUT!"
	Shadow leapt at Tenchi.  The boy dove out of the way, rolling in the dirt.  
What was this?  This wasn't the normal training routine.  The hound turned, and 
prepared to pounce again.  Tenchi quickly stood to his feet, and charged.  
Shadow was forced to jump away from Tenchi's attacks.  A paw lashed out, baredly 
missing Tenchi's abdomen.  The boy took another swing.  Shadow ducked in time to 
avoid having his head taken off.  They circled one another, looking for an 
opening in the other's defenses.  The hound threw himself into Tenchi. 
	Tenchi was unprepared to avoid the maneuver.  The hound's body slammed 
into him.  Tenchi could smell the black fire burn his clothing.  It gave off no 
heat, burt he began to feel the pain as it made it's way to his stomach.  The 
sword flew out of his hands, landing at Yosho's feet.  Shadow got to his feet, 
his body weight still holding Tenchi down.  He pinned the boy's arms to the 
ground with his paws, and growled.  "What are you doing?  Stop this!"  The 
flames burned into Tenchi's arms. 
	Shadow growled at him, the gem glowing.  Tenchi could hear the message on 
the growl.  "What's the matter, Tenchi?  Can't fight without your sword?  Are 
you nothing without it?"
	Tenchi gritted his teeth, and thrust his knees into Shadow.  The hound 
flew over him, landing into the dirt on it's back.  Tenchi lifted himself off of 
the ground, panting.  What was Shadow doing?  Tenchi looked at his grandfather.  
The old man stood there, whatching patiently.  
	The dog growled, and leapt again.  Tenchi dogded, and cried out as 
Shadow's claws scratched across his chest.  Shadow landed, and turned.  He 
exploded into a column of flame, and stood in his human form.  "What is holding 
you back, boy?  Fight me!"  The gem in Shadow's forehead glowed, brighter than 
Tenchi had ever seen.  Shadow's body became covered in an aura of black fire.  
"Now, fight!"  The fire moved, flying through the air at Tenchi.  It took the 
form of a great, roaring serpent as it came at him.
	Tenchi flet his power inside of him.  He had enough of this.  If it was a 
fight they wanted, then he would give it to him.  The black fire came at him.  
	The three triangle mark appreared on Tenchi's head, and the Light Hawk 
Wings flashed to life in front of him.  The fire serpent hit the Wings, 
dissipating immediatly.  Shadow leapt into the air, and came down with his fist 
aimed at Tenchi.  The aura of fire increased around his fist.  Energy exploded 
as he hit the Light Hawk Wings, the flame being diverted in all directions.  
Tenchi stood firm, unmoved by the attack.
	Shadow jumped back, and fell to one knee, smiling.  Realization came upon 
Tenchi as the Light Hawk Wings dissapeared.  "That's what you were trying to do, 
wasn't it?"  He looked at his hands.  He had summoned the Light Hawk Wings, more 
easily than ever before.
	Yosho smiled, and picked up the sword Tenchiken.  "Very good, Tenchi.  I 
believe that will be all for today."  He handed the sword to Tenchi, and 
continued walking.  "Sasami should have lunch ready, soon.  I think I'll go down 
and check on her."
	Shadow fell to the ground in a heap.  Tenchi ran over to him, and knelt 
beside him.  "Shadow?  Are you okay?"  The bounty hunter nodded.      
	"He he.  You did well, Tenchi.  Very well.  I don't think I've ever seen 
power like that."  Tenchi helped him to his feet.  "Your grandfather's a crafty 
one, ain't he?"
	Tenchi nodded.   "You didn't have to do that.  It was dangerous.  You 
could have been killed, using so much of your own power."
	Shadow shrugged.  "I would have healed.  I still have to protect Mistress 
Sasami, after all."  Shadow changed the subject as they began to walk back to 
the house.  "So, what is like to finally have a handle on your great power?"
	"It's... different.  I can feel it, now.  It's just under the surface."
	"That's just adrenaline.  You'll get over it," he smiled, weakly.  Tenchi 
smiled, and put Shadow's arm over his shoulder. 
	"You still shouldn't have used so much of your own power.  Keep that up, 
and you'll never be able to protect Sasami."
	"Just wait until I've rested, a bit.  Then I'll show you a good workout.  
Barring Ryoko does that first, of course."

***

	Tenchi opened the door, and helped Shadow inside.  "Thanks again, for 
helping me get ot the house."
	Tenchi shook his head.  "It was nothing. I should be thanking you.  I 
understand what you were doing."
	"Thank your grandfather.  It was his idea."  Shadow started to walk to the 
kitchen, when Washu suddenly appeared.
	"Shadow, can I talk to you for a moment?"  She looked up at him, her face 
blank.
	"Little Washu?  Are you okay, Washu?  You've been in your lab for so long, 
I was kinda getting worried,"  Tenchi said.
	"That's sweet of you, Tenchi, but I'm fine.  I've been very busy, lately."  
She turned around, and motioned for Shadow to follow.  The bounty hunter 
shrugged, and followed her into her lab.
	Tenchi whatched them go, and stretched out his arms.  He needed a bath!  
He walked into the lounge.  Nobuyuki sat on the couch, and turned around as his 
son entered.  "Tenchi!"  He jumped up, and embraced his son in a great hug.  
Tenchi felt his ribs bend in his father's arms.
	"Da... Dad!  What...?"
	"You don't have to apologize for forgetting me last night, Tenchi.  I'm so 
proud of you!  You've grown into a healthy young man!"  Tenchi sighed.  It was 
only a matter of time before Nobuyuki found out.

	Washu giggled before closing the door, looking back one last time to see 
father and son in a warm embrace.  Tenchi's face was turning blue from lack of 
oxygen.  She led Shadow deeper into her lab.  "Please, sit."  A floating chair 
appeared behind Shadow.  He shrugged, and sat.  Metal coils snaked over him, 
pinning his arms and chest to the seat.
	"Washu!  What do you think you're doing?"  He struggled against his bonds, 
but they only held him tighter.
	Washu spoke.  "You won't get out of those, Shadow Dog.  Not unless I want 
you to."  Her voice was low, and serious.  Shadow stopped struggling, and sat 
back.  "This is very important.  I don't want you losing control of yourself."  
She raised a hand, and a large tank appeared behind her.  Inside, a great black 
flame burned.  Shadow's eyes grew.  He recognized it as soul-fire.
	"How did you get that, Washu?"  His tone was grave.
	"I took it from you over a month ago, when I trapped you in here and 
collected your life-data.  I also managed to collect a piece of this.  You call 
it soul-fire, right?"  Shadow nodded.  "When I first collected it, I did't know 
what to do with it.  It is obviously a manifestation of your race's powers, but 
I thought that there was something familiar about it.  I ran a check against 
various energy signatures when it reached it's current... amount... and found a 
match."  She took a breath.  "Sasami told you of the time when I sent Tenchi and 
the others back in time to stop the criminal Kain from killing Tenchi's mother, 
yes?"  He nodded again.  He knew where this was going.  "Do you want to finish, 
for me?"
	Shadow hung his head.  "Kain.  That is a name which has haunted the Royal 
Family of the Twilight People for over three thousand years.  You see this gem, 
in my forehead?  All Twilight People are born with it.  It only looks like a 
mineral, but it is as much flesh as anything else.  It is the organ we use to 
channel the energies of Shadow, the combination of Light and Darkness.  Our gems 
refine these energies into soul-fire.
	"Long ago, our people had a great warrior by the name of Kain.  He was 
from what the Juraians would consider lower class.  Our own people have no such 
divisions, and only the Royal Family stands out as different.  Kain was a great 
man, capable of great power.  Then, he broke the oath of our people, and gave in 
completely to the Darkness.  It is our greatest shame.  We managed to subdue 
him, and lock him away, since none among us at that time possessed the strength 
of spirit to kill him.  In order for us to do that, one of us would have to give 
in to the Light.  
	"Then, he escaped.  His power had become to great to contain, just like 
when he broke out of Galaxy Police Headquarters.  After nearly three thousand 
years of imprisonment, he loosed himself on the universe.  He did not hate us.  
I don't know why.  When the Galaxy Police and the Jurai Royal Family finally 
captured him, we thought it was over.  I was suprised to hear that it was Lady 
Achika who finally put the demon to rest."
	"Hmpf.  My Dimensional Cannon finished his off, thank you."  
	Shadow smiled.  "Fine.  It's no suprise that you matched up the raw soul-
fire's energies to that of Kain.  Pure soul-fire has no focus, and constantly 
shifts between Light and Darkness.  I'm not mad, Washu.  You can let me go, 
now."
	Washu sighed, and nodded.  The metal coils dissappeared into the back of 
the chair.  Shadow waited a second to stand, his strength still returning.  "So, 
this was the secret of Kain's power?  This stuff is that strong?"
	Shadow nodded.  "Yes.  But, there are greater forces.  Tenchi's power is 
one of those."
	Washu looked at the soul-fire, her mind working.  "It would be best to 
destroy it, right?  If this stuff were ever allowed to flow free, we wouldn't be 
able to contain it again, would we?"  Shadow shook his head.  "Very well."  
Washu's holocomputer appeared in front of her, and she pressed a button.  The 
chamber holding the soul-fire began to glow.  Blinding white light filled 
Shadow's eyes.  It faded, leaving only an empty chamber.  Washu sighed.  
	"Don't tell me you wanted to experiment with it?"
	Washu raised an eyebrow.  "Huh? Oh, I wasn't thinking of that."
	Shadow looked at her curiously for a moment.  "Ah, I see.  You knew what 
Ryoko had planned for Tenchi all along, didn't you?"
	Washu giggled.  "Maybe I did.  Thank you for your help, Shadow Dog.  You 
prove to have great value when your more honest."
	Shadow bowed, "Thank you, Little Washu."  He turned and walked out of her 
lab.
	Washu sat down on her floating coushin.  "Well, so much for that road.  
The soul-fire didn't lead me to the nature of the link.  Maybe another 
approach..."  Washu looked over her sensors.  Her eyes grew when she noticed a 
recent piece of data.  Tenchi's Light Hawk Wings had been activated, conciously, 
from the looks of it.  That bastard hadn't told her!  "Shadow, you sneaky 
little..."

***

	"Woud you like some more tea, Mother?"  Yosho offered Lady Funaho another 
cup.  She nodded, taking it from him.
	"Thank you, Yosho."  She sipped it, "Yosho, what did you want to talk to 
me about?  I know you didn't bring me up here just for tea."
	Yosho pushed his glasses up his nose, and cleared his throat.  "Mother, 
have you ever heard of a creature called 'The Bane of Dragons?'"
	Funaho dropped her tea.  Yosho did not move to help her.  She sat 
motionless for a moment.  "That was the demon that attacked a month ago, wasn't 
it?  The one that wants Sasami?"  
	Yosho nodded.  "It called me Funaho's child.  How does it know you, 
Mother?  I must know, for Sasami's sake."
	She looked off to the side, calling up ancient memories.  "When I was a 
young woman on this planet, Yosho, I was already marked as different.  My family 
possessed a power that no Earthling or Juraian has ever known.  We can see 
through viels, and our blood can banish demons.  This monster, the Bane of 
Dragons, was a great demon who terrorized the countryside, slaying everything in 
it's path.  I was the last living member of my family, the rest having died of a 
plague.  The warriors of my village fought with the monster, trying to subdue 
it.  Nearly all of them died.  
	"I ran into the night, deciding to end it myself.  I found the demon... 
no.  It found me.  It had been trying to get to me, the whole time.  I don't 
know why it didn't kill me when it had the chance.  I cut myself, and spilled my 
blood onto the ground.  The demon sank into the ground, bound by the power of my 
blood."
	There was a long silence before Funaho looked at her son again.  "Now, it 
has returned.  I was a fool to think it would stay buried forever."
	Yosho shook his head.  "No, Mother.  You could not have seen this.  It's 
not you fault.  It only means that we will have to work that much harder to 
protect Sasami."
	"Yosho, that young man, Shadow.  Is he a...?"
	He nodded.  "Yes.  He is a Twilight Person.  I was suprised that Tsunami 
had chosen him as her Guardian.  They are not demons, like the Supreme Council 
wants everyone to think, Mother.  I know.  I met them, long ago, before I left 
Jurai."
	Funaho nodded.  "I see. Our family is building up it's share of old 
ghosts, isn't it?"      


Author's Notes: Hope you enjoyed this one.  I guess I got a little carried away, 
I didn't expect it to be so long.  All comments and flames should be sent to 
killersuid@ticnet.com.  Now for part seven...   

	
	

	

		

	           

	
	 
