Disclaimer: Yes I am well aware that I do not own most of the characters in
this story, but I'm not going to make any money off of it. ( Think of it as
free advertising. )

Forgetful Solutions by the Eternal Wanderer
(e-mail at Mochocki@kcoline.com)

Tenchi set his rake down, and wiped the sweat from his forehead glad to be
alone even if only for the moment. Looking about the field he saw a strange
light at the edge of the woods. Cautiously walking over to investigate he half
expected to see Ayeka and Ryoko at each others throats.

What he saw was an old man dressed in red robes and a teenage boy only
slightly older than himself. The old timer had snow white hair that hung off his
head in wisps and a light grey beard that appeared as if it had never been
combed. The boy was dressed in a simple grey shirt and matching pants, and
wore glasses over a hawkish face topped by thick black hair.

"Are you Tennche?" The old man asked.
"Huh?"

"I believe that would be Tenchi master." The boy said.

"That's what I said. Well are you, speak up son."

"Yes, I'm Tenchi."

"Glad to hear it, I'm the sorcerer Decaruk, and this is my apprentice
Casarin. Now what's this you're doing." He said pointing at the
fields.

"I'm growing vegetables." Tenchi said.

"The way you're doing it takes much too long. Let me help you." Not
waiting for a reply the old wizard began chanting. "Natural force spring forth,
release your power into life, let days pass in seconds by your vibrant touch."

Tenchi noticed that Casarin closed his eyes and put his hands over his ears, not
a good sign. Tenchi heard a strange humming sound, and saw green light gather
around the old sorcerer. Suddenly the light shot toward the field he had just
been working in. When the green glow hit there was a huge explosion. Tenchi
felt something land on his head. Reaching down he found, a carrot! But he had
just planted the seeds today? Looking up at the field he saw pieces of carrots
lying everywhere.

Within five minutes the entire group except for Tenchi's grandpa had
come out to investigate the explosion.

"Humm I must have forgotten something? Ahh I know the spell requires a pinch
of bread dust." Decaruk said to himself.

"Who is this old fool?" Ryoko asked.

"OLD FOOL!!" Decaruk shrieked, waving his arms in the air franticly. "I have
more power than Jurai's Emperor!"

"Yeah right." Ryoko replied.

"Ryoko my instruments have observed that he suspends several natural laws
just by being here." Washu warned.

Turning their attention back to the old man they heard an ominous chant.

"Darkness beyond twilight and crimson beyond blood that flows.-" The
winkled mage started.

"No master not that one!" Casarin yelled, but Decaruk continued, oblivious.

"-buried in the stream of time is where your power grows.-"

"Interesting the energy gathering is enormous." Washu said.

"-I pledge myself to conquer all the foes who stand -"

"I'll stop him." Ryoko said as she tossed a red energy sphere at the
chanting mage. Unfortunately the attack deflected off an invisible shield and
exploded near Ayeka.

"- against the mighty gift bestowed in my unworthy hand.-"

"What do you think you are doing Ryoko." Ayeka accused, but before Ryoko
could reply Decaruk concluded his spell.

"-DRAGON SLAYER!!" He pointed straight up and a red line shot out from
his hand. The energy exploded, seemingly turning the whole sky red as the huge
ball of fire hung it the air a moment before disappearing.

Only Decaruk and Washu were unaffected by the blast, everyone else lay on
the ground groaning.

As Tenchi came to his feet he noticed that all of the nearby trees had been
flattened.

"HA HA! An old fool am I. And that was only my third most powerful spell."

"Master stop it you're being very rude." Casarin said.

"Nonsense is was necessary for me to demonstrate m power or they would not
have taken me seriously."

"So why is it that you have come here?" Ayeka asked ,as she helped Sasami
up.

"There is a demon lord on the loose." The ancient wizard said.

"Demon lord?" Ryoko questioned.

"That's right, and the sucker's has got more power than that
whippersnapper Kagetto." Decaruk said.

"That would be Kagato master." Casarin corrected.

"Whatever, that boy had an attitude, and I'd have blasted him right
there but he ran away before I could get my spell off." Decaruk said.

"When did you meet Kagato." Washu asked suspiciously.

"It was around the time I went to Juri to investigate the possibility of using a
piece of Juri power as a spell component, but when I got there the palace was
a wreck." Decaruk said.

"Interesting, and how old are you?" Washu questioned.

"How old? Why I was casting cantrips when you were still a student in that
something Academy, around twenty thousand years ago." The old sorcerer
replied. There was a collective gasp.

"So you're older than Washu." Ryoko said.

"No, I said casting cantrips. I was just an apprentice then." Decaruk said.

"Would you like to join us for lunch?" Sasami asked.

"Well master?" Casarin said.

"Of course tossing spells always makes me hungry." The old mage answered.

The walk up to the house was uneventful, but when they got there Ryoko and
Ayeka go into a shoving match over which one of them would get to sit by
Tenchi.

Turning to face the growling girls, Decaruk pointed, and began muttering.
"Transform the living flesh and bone, to unchanging earth and stone."

"What!?" Both Ryoko and Ayeka said in unison.

"Ha I'll bet that got your attention. You two are delaying the meal, so
wait and fight after we eat." The ancient wizard chided.

Both girls glowered at the old man and gave each other dirty looks, but they
stopped fighting.

"Oh and who is are guest?" Yosho asked as he came inside.

"You sir have a very impressive aura." Decaruk mused. "But how rude of me, I
am Decaruk the sorcerer."

"Welcome to our home, I trust you had a safe journey." Yosho said.

"There are very few beings that have the power to hinder me, so my trip was
safe enough." The old mage said.

"Hey is it normally dark this time of day?" Mihoshi asked.

Suddenly Tenchi realized that it was almost pitch black outside, when a
moment ago there had been broad daylight. Looking around, he saw that
everyone else except Mihoshi was in some kind of trance. Then he sensed the
presence of an incredible evil so dark it made him feel cold and sick.

"Hey wake up!" Tenchi yelled, but the only one who reacted was Mihoshi
when she pulled out her blaster and looked around nervously.

Suddenly Tenchi felt as if fire were running through his veins, like the time he
had... Looking down at himself he saw that he was wearing his Jurian battlesuit.

"I had not anticipated one of the nobles possessing this much power." Mused a
strange voice. Turing Tenchi saw what appeared to be a man dressed in black
who he was certain had not been there a moment ago. When his eves met
those to the stranger he knew with chilling certainty that what faced him was
not human. Decaruk's warning about the demon lord suddenly came to mind.

"What do you want?!" Tenchi demanded.

"Why, I want revenge on all creatures that have walked free while I have been
held captive." The demon replied.

"I won't let you hurt them." Tenchi said with iron determination.

"I sense your power, but even if you could control it, it is too weak to defeat
me."

"Then there were several bright flashes as Mihoshi shot at the evil creature with
her blaster, again and again. The shots seemed to penetrate the black cloak,
but then they vanished inside. The demon did not seem at all concerned about
the attack, glancing casually at the GP officer.

"How foolish of you to bring my attention upon yourself." Gesturing, he
changed the blaster into a serpent that coiled about her arm.

Looking around the dark lord noticed that the others were starting to come out
of their trance. "We must finish this later." Smiling evilly he pointed, and the
screaming Mihoshi was enveloped by a black vortex, vanishing from sight. "Just
to make sure you come. You can ask the foolish old sorcerer where to find
me." He said as he faded and disappeared.

As soon as the demon was gone the others awoke each with a different
reaction, because while they had been unable to act they had been aware of
what happened. 

Ryoko stalked around in a rage. Ayeka just sat , but had a fierce expression.
Washu looked thoughtful. Noboyuki appeared confused and afraid. Ryo-ohki
meowed mournfully. Sasami was extremely worried. Decaruk shook his head
and had a sad expression. Yosho didn't seem to react.

"Master we must do something." Casarin said.

"Indeed I can tell you where to find the demon, even as he said." Decaruk
stated. "But I cannot go to fight him myself, and..."

"What do you mean! You're the one that brought that creature here !"
Ryoko accused.

"Silence!" The power in decaruk's voice drown out whatever other
objections Ryoko might have had. "There is reason for this. It is because
someone must deal with the demon, and I am no longer able to cast the spell I
used to defeat him ten-thousand years ago. In the last thousand years my
strength has been waning, and now the dragon slayer is the most powerful spell
I can cast and live. Even though I cannot go with you I can give you magic that
will help." Reaching under his robe Decaruk produced a silver amulet, and
tossed it to Tenchi.

"Wear it, and you will be able to fully control your light hawk wings." Pausing,
he turned to face Ayeka and Ryoko. "Since I know neither of you will let him
face this danger alone, take these talismans to aid you." He gave Ryoko three
power gems of magic, and Ayeka received a gauntlet in the style of the master
key. "I will open the path." Decaruk said. "Create a trail to the place of
darkness, where the hated of evil plots gnaw at the stone heart of their creator.
Heed my command that light may again enter this place of blackness. Heed my
demand. OPEN!" Decaruk chanted.

After the last syllable a round light appeared, and grew larger until it was the
size of a door.

"I will hold the portal until you return." Decaruk promised.

"Good luck." Casarin said.

Tenchi ran through the portal followed closely by Ryoko and Ayeka.

When he emerged Tench was shocked by what he saw. There was a field of
stone littered with bodies of people who had died in horrible agony, perfectly
preserved as if rot had no hold here. In the center of the carnage there was a
throne occupied by the demon. Several feet to the right of that spot Mihoshi
hung in the air, unconscious.

"Welcome, I am Karvarken, and you shall soon be nothing more than an
addition to the scenery of my realm." With these words the monster in human
guise leaped forward.

He was met by Tenchi's wings of the light hawk, the blue shields
repelled him, tossing him back several feet. Crimson energy lanced out from
Ryoko's hands to strike him in the chest, and ayeka used the gauntlet to
create a force field much stronger than the one that had held Kagato. The
barrier held the dark lord in place while Ryoko blasted him again and again.
Tenchi quickly created a sword from one of his light hawk wings, but before he
could use it the demon acted. With obvious effort he destroyed
Ayeka's forcefield, the shock knocking the jurian princess sprawling.

To prevent him from finishing the move both Tenchi and Ryoko acted
simultaneously. Tenchi charged trying to get in close with his sword, while
Ryoko threw massive amounts of energy at the monster to cover
Tenchi's attack.

The demon lord's counter strategy was simple. One second he was
right there, and the next he had vanished. Suddenly an explosion ripped
throughout the area. Tenchi was unaffected by the blast, but for a moment he
couldn't see anything. It was a moment too long.

Tenchi felt a hand clamp about his wrist and another about his throat. Tenchi
struggled, but the demon was too strong. He sent a blast through the monster,
but it had no effect. His vision began to blur. Then suddenly he was free.
Gasping, he fell to his knees.

Coming shakily to his feet Tenchi saw Ryoko and Karvarken battling. From
somewhere the dark lord had gotten an ebony sword, and Tenchi saw it clash
with Ryoko's energy blade over and over.

Summoning his power Tenchi began to circle behind the demon. Karvarken
would have none of that. Without waring he broke away from Ryoko , and
unleashed a blast that nearly knocked Tenchi off his feet from where he stood,
twenty yards away. Tenchi could not see whether or not the attack had been
successful, due to heavy smoke, he screamed and charged forward.

The demon was waiting. As soon as Tenchi came near the creature he felt a
sensation of cold steal over him, numbing his nerves and sapping he strength.
The dark lord struck furiously, smiling, mocking. How long can you keep it up?
The monster's expression seemed to say. Tenchi didn't know.
Every muscle burned with excertion, and his power grew less with each
heartbeat.

Then the demon raised his sword for the killing blow, but he couldn't
seem to move his arm. Turning he saw Ayeka, recovered from her earlier
wound. Snarling he brought his power to bear on the force holding him.
Suddenly red light sprouted from his chest as Ryoko ran him through with her
energy blade.

Then the demon lord screamed, and that horrible cry nearly froze
Tenchi's blood in his veins. But Ryoko was not deterred, sending
power through her sword into the dark monster until the creature became
silent. Slowly the devil disintegrated until he was no more than a pile of ash.

With the demon's death Tenchi felt his power drain away. Looking
down, he saw that the amulet Decaruk had given him had vanished.

"Let's get out of here Tenchi." Ryoko said as she helped him up.

"What about Mihoshi?" He asked.

"Ayeka has her." Ryoko said.

Suddenly Tenchi wanted to be out of this filthy death hole. Quickly they made
their way over to the portal, and waited only long enough for ayeka to catch up
to them.

As soon as he appeared back in his house Tenchi felt a great weight lift off him,
as if that evil world had itself been their enemy.

"Is everyone ok?" Sasami asked.

"The three girls are fine." Decaruk said. "But it would seem the lad has been a
victim of the demon's magic."

"Is he going to be alright?" Ayeka asked.

"Of course, just as soon as I can remember the words to the healing spell."
Decaruk said.

"Please allow me master, I know the spell." Casarin said.

"Well then by all means." The old mage said.

"Gift of life, allow not yourself to be so easily taken..-" The apprentice began.
"-Restore to health and grant protection from darkness.-" A soft white light
began to gather around Tenchi. "-Remove the foul curse from this mortal, and
repair the damage it has done." Casarin finished.

Instantly Tenchi felt renewed strength return the him, and the persistent feeling
of cold vanish.

"What are you going to do now." Sasami asked.

"We will have to leave shortly, but first why don't we finish the meal
that creature so rudely interrupted." The old wizard said.

"Leaving so soon, you must have urgent business." Yosho said.

"Of course I must on the planet Concor in twenty minutes." Decaruk answered.

"And how are you going to manage that?" Ryoko asked.

"Magic of course, now lets eat."

