The Fugitive part 3: The Woods

The dog's feet trampled through the storm.  All night they ran 
and searched.  One reason. Tenchi.

	Tenchi lay against an old oak and was thinking.  			          
What is going on with me?
YOU'RE A KILLER!
No, I didn't do anything.
YOU ABUSED YOUR WIFE!
How can you say that!
Then the voice started to go insane inside of him.
OBLITERATE! ANHILATE! TERMANATE!
Quit it I want no part of you!
TEAR! RIP! SHRED! DESTROY! STAB!
Stop it! Stop it right now!
KILL! HIT! SHOOT! KICK! 
No no no no no no no no... 
	Tenchi was jerked into reality as he heard howls.  He looked 
behind him and he could see flashlights shining, piercing the darkness.  
He got up and started to run.  Perspiration formed on his face.  He 
couldn't hold it any more.  He leaned over and spewed.

	He looked up.  There were the flashlights.  70 yards away.  He 
wiped his sweat off his face.  55 yards away.  He looked at his 
surroundings for a way out.  30 yards away.  The dogs started to run 
faster.  They'd found his scent.  10 yards away.  Tenchi busted out 
into a sprint, hiding behind trees, crawling under underbrush, and 
checking to see how far back they were.  He came to a pond.  It looked 
about 60 yards long.  He leaped in and started to swim.  The dogs 
jumped in after him.  He could hear the policemen jumping in the water.  
There, he reached the other end of the lake.  He started to run through 
the big oaks.  The dogs were just a few yards behind him.  He looked at 
them.  Then he looked back.  When he looked back he looked back into a 
tree and fell backwards in shock.  The dogs were closing in.  He knew 
at any time he'd feel a bite or two.  He cringed wanting to get back on 
his feet but he couldn't.  Something was holding him down.  It was the 
creature!

	Shred!  The bite flung through his skin to the bone.  Tenchi 
yelled in pain as the blood spewed forward.  The pain was 
indescribable.  He felt like cursing, but he couldn't say anything he 
could just yell in pain.  He still couldn't get up, and three hounds 
were ready to bite him again.  The fist dog took hold of his skin, then 
the second.  Tenchi tried with all his might and actually made it up 
with a big jump.  The dogs teeth flung down his arms.  They wouldn't 
let go.  Tenchi was screaming not in pain but in shock and horror of 
what was happening to his arms.  He started hitting and kicking with a 
new rage.  It was a fire within that slowly but steadily rose brighter 
and hotter.  He dug his foot up one of the dog's stomach it yelped and 
whined and then bit him again.  Tenchi didn't halt.  He slammed his 
foot right on top of its skull.  It smashed.  The dog yelped for the 
last time.  It fell to the floor. dead in a disgruntled position.

	The other dog let go of his arm and over to investigate the other 
one.  Then without thinking Tenchi hit the dog then picked it up and 
threw it into a tree.  It fell with a large bump onto the floor.

	He continued running threw the forest until he came to a halt.  
Right in front of him was a free way.  He lifted his thumb, and he 
hitched a ride.
