The Fugitive part 4: The Hospital

	Once he was in the cab he felt much safer.  The cab driver turned 
around.  He was a well, cut fellow with chocolate brown eyes and gray 
hair.  He asked, "So where to?"
" Uh? Just take me to the closest hotel."
" Hmm. Well, okay.  Say, what the heck happened to your arm?"
"Oh that. Well, uh. come on Tenchi think.I was hunting and my dog 
turned on me it wasn't the best excuse but I guess that was ok."
" Oh I see,"

	The cab drove along the dark road.  It started to rain.  Tenchi 
moaned in pain.  The driver turned around, " Hey.  Are you sure your 
okay?  I mean I can take you to the hospital."
" No that's okay,"
" Dang that's a lot of blood you're loosing."
" Oh, I'm fine,"

	The cab drove on and on through the thick darkness.  The driver 
heard a faint sigh, turned around and Tenchi had passed out.

	Beep Beep Beep Beep.  The noise of his heart was getting louder 
and louder until he came back to consciousness.  He tried to speak to 
the doctor but he couldn't say anything.  The nurse looked at Tenchi 
and said, "Oh so you're finally up."  Tenchi tried to talk again but no 
words would come all that came was a grunt.  The nurse understood and 
answered, "You're here because you're cab driver saw you had passed out 
and was smart enough to bring you to the E.R. you passed out because of 
your loss of blood," she smiled then added, "Right now were trying to 
get some blood back in you."

	The policemen had made it though the forest and started searching 
for him.  They saw a trickle of blood.  They used there last dog to 
sniff out the trail.

	Tenchi was scared to look at his arms.  So very slowly he tilted 
his head to the left.  There was an 8-inch slice down his arm, which 
was still bleeding a little bit.  He also saw bite marks all over his 
arm, but they weren't so deep.  He looked to his right.  Slit across 
his right arm was a cut so far in he could see the bone.  Then he 
looked at his hand.  His index finger was bandaged up.  He tried to 
move it, but the nurse stopped him.
  " Don't move that finger if you do you'll knock its tip off."

	The hospital doors knocked open with a bang.  Tenchi heard voices 
from downstairs, in the lobby.  " Where is this man," " Wait a sec for 
me to check.  Second floor room 132.

	Tenchi tried to hear more of what was said but couldn't.

	The footsteps got swifter as they came up the steps.  Closer, 
closer, closer.  The door swung open, and a loud voice said, " FREEZE!  
Hey where is he?" the voice pause, " Come out with your hands on top of 
your head. NOW!" 

	Mean while Tenchi was hiding next door.  He slowly took the I.V. 
out of his arm and he cringed at the pain.  Then, he busted out the 
door into the hall as fast as a cheetah being chased by a hunter. He 
ran and ran down the halls.  Then he felt a piercing pain as he balled 
up his fist.  He looked down.  His fingertip had fallen off.  He 
screamed as he ran. 

	The scream caught the SWAT teams attention and they ran after as 
they drew their pistols.

	Bang!  Tenchi dropped to the floor to dodge the bullet.  Bang! 
Bang! Bang! " Darn it!"  He fell in pain.  His vision started to blur.

Wake up Tenchi.
NO YOU DESERVE WHATS COMING!
Tenchi open your eyes and get up.
NO YOU HAVE TO DIE FOR WHAT YOU DID.
He didn't do anything.
YES HE DID HE KILLED HIS FAMILY!
No he didn't
KILLER!
No stop it
MURDERER!
No stop please.
ASSASINATOR!
Quit it nnnooowww.
Tenchi got up and noticed he was crying.  He ran and wiped his 
eyes.  He looked behind him.  The SWAT team was out of bullets and was 
coming at him with nightsticks.  He looked in front of him down the 
long hallway.  He saw a window.  There it was his way out to freedom.  
He ran faster.  The SWAT was getting closer.  Tenchi jumped.

	

