The Fugitive part 1: The Murders

	He ran through the forest flailing his arms and ran every which 
way possible.  He knew what ever was behind him wanted to kill him.  
What ever it was it had to be supernatural.  The sweat dropped in his 
eyes and he tripped.  He had to wipe the blood off his face.  He got up 
and ran again.  Logs tripped him, and the branches of the dead trees 
felt like cold fingers slapping him on the face and his body.  He was 
about to pass out by all the intensity and nausea from the scene he'd 
just witnessed.

	Ryoko looked in his eyes again for one of the last times, 
"Please, Tenchi kiss me again."  He looked in her eyes and saw her 
feelings.  He saw that she needed him.  He slowly leaned closer until 
their lips were centimeters from each other's.  
	"Mommy!!  There's something in my bedroom.  Please come quick."  
	"Okay be right there."
The daughter left the room to go back to bed.  
	"Now where were we?"
	"I think we were right here."
He leaned down until there lips met.  Immediately she was felt with 
bliss.  He started to enter her mouth when.
	"AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!" 
They jumped out of bed.  Ryoko was first to see what happened.  She 
screamed not of fear but of sorrow.  Tenchi entered, "What the heck is 
going on?" he asked, "Oh my god." His eyes dropped to the gruesome 
sight of his daughter.  A pool of blood gushed from her jugular vein.  
There was something stuck in her neck it looked like a. nail not one 
you hammer with but a fingernail.  She had a look of terror on her face 
and the look was locked.  She crossed over to the daughter, but right 
as she got to her she jolted left and right.  She was spewing blood 
out.  Ryoko's heart had beaten a bit to fast.  Her daughter was dead.  
She screamed and yelled and cried uncontrollably she looked for the 
killer but what ever it was, was out of sight.

	She stepped into the room and started screaming.  She was being 
attacked.  Tenchi ran into the room and saw a transparent being start 
beating his wife.  She started throwing books and anything she could at 
it.  It didn't budge it just kept hitting her.  She, in desperation 
threw the last book at it.  The book was old and had her daughters name 
on it.  Then there was a loud yell.  It wasn't from his wife it was the 
creature itself.  It swooshed outside and far away.  Tenchi rushed to 
Ryoko and she had a concussion.
	"So tired," 
	"No you must fight,"
	"I think I'll take a nap,"
	"No fight it you cant go to sleep,"
	"Oh, this is a nice spot,"
	"Stay awake!"
	"Just take a short nap,"
	"Ryoko?  Ryoko!  No Ryoko wake up.  No god no.  Please Ryoko,"

No matter how hard he tried she was knocked out.
	Bang!  Nuboyuki shot at what ever was behind Tenchi.  Another 
shot but it was from the creature it blew up Nuboyuki.  His entrails 
slowly floated to the floor.  Yosho heard the commotion and drove up 
and had Tenchi jump in.  He started the car but the steering wheel 
formed into a sharp knife and stabbed through his chest.  The blood 
flowed from his heart.  Then it went back to normal and Yosho fell to 
the driveway. dead.

	Tenchi ran out of the car the creature right behind him.  The 
lake was dead ahead he jumped into it with the creature still shooting 
at him with supernatural power.  Tenchi threw a grenade, which had no 
effect on the creature at all.  Suddenly, in the middle of the lake the 
creature disappeared and vanished.

	Tenchi picked up one of his knifes that he found in his leg from 
the creature he threw it as far as he could.  Then, the police found 
him.  They, then, took him to court.

	 
