				Full Circle
					By: Adam Chris Leigh

Establishing Scene:  RYOUKO is sitting on the broken roots of a
floating tree in space.  We can’t see her face, but it  looks like
she is crying into the bloody headband that used to belong to TENCHI.
RYO-OHKI flies into view and RYOUKO stands and teleports away from
the tree.

Cut to the interior of RYO-OHKI where AEKA is sitting on the floor in
shock and MIHOSHI is standing in the background.  RYOUKO appears
between the two of them looking at the viewscreen.

                          MIHOSHI
		<wearily> Ryouko?

                           AEKA
		Ryouko? <disgust> I don’t believe
		this, I thought YOU were being
		held captive.

                          RYOUKO
		Its all over now, we must challenge
		Katago.  Its the only thing we can
		do.

                           AEKA
		I’ll tell you what we can do, 
		<louder> we can find Tenchi, that’s
		what we can do.

RYOUKO throws TENCHI’s bloody headband at AEKA.  She grabs it then
looks at it for a second.  We can see tears form in her eyes.

                           AEKA
		Is... Is he...?

Cut to RYOUKO, she takes her earring off her left ear and puts it in
her wrist. It immediately glows and her battle garb turns red on that
side of her body.

                          RYOUKO
		You have one <beat> Give it to me.

AEKA hands the already glowing gem that TENCHI gave her to RYOUKO.
RYOUKO puts the gem on her other wrist which promptly turns that side
of her outfit red.

                          RYOUKO
		Katago will pay for all that he has
		done. <beat; louder> Ryo-ohki! Lets
		GO!

Cut to outside of RYO-OHKI, the ship turns and heads at full speed at
the Souja.  A few meters from the edge of the ship it encounters an
energy field which it hits and pushes against until it breaks through.

Fade to inside of Souja, KATAGO is staring into his globe again with
an unconscious ADAM behind him.  KATAGO laughs maniacally and we
still hear his laugh when the screen fades to black.

                    Twisted Plot Productions
                            Presents

               In Association with Tempest Creations
                  A Division of Starlight Pictures

                           FULL CIRCLE

                      By Adam Chris Leigh

                    Based On “Tenchi Muyou”
                       By Masaki Kanajaki

                   EPISODE 5: We Need Tenchi!

Establishing Shot: Funaho and the trees that surround it glow with a
mild intensity as not to attract attention yet show of their unbound
power.  SASAMI runs down a path in the trees that leads up to Funaho.
She is crying as she runs.

                          SASAMI
		Tenchi <beat> No, Tenchi, please
		don’t die.  Please Tenchi, don’t
		die.

SASAMI trips and falls in her sadness.  She looks up to see Funaho
in front of her, sending its faint shots of light into the surrounding
water.  SASAMI wipes the tears from her eyes and stands up, facing
Funaho.  As she speaks, she is slowly surrounded by light until it
engulfs her whole.

                          SASAMI
		By the power of the space trees whose
		roots planted deep in the fathoms of
		time and life, I call upon the power
		of the tress and of their network. By
		the power of the space trees, take me
		to Tenchi.

SASAMI disintegrates into light and energy then flies into Funaho.

Cut to the inside of the Souja.  KATAGO is floating in front of ADAM
who is still inside the capsule.  ADAM looks at KATAGO with scorn and
sneers as he talks.

                           ADAM
		What do you want with me? How could
		you be so cruel! You claim to be
		Ryouko’s creator but you needlessly
		killed the only person who ever meant
		anything to her!

                          KATAGO
		Don’t be patronizing me, I care not
		for the pseudo-feelings she says she
		has.  She is worth little more to me
		than dust.

                           ADAM
		Then why did you come this far to get
		her?

                          KATAGO
		For the gems of course. Little did I
		know that a sorry whelp like you would
		have a gem and she wouldn’t.  Which
		is, of course, why I have you now.

KATAGO makes a fist and electricity sizzles around the capsule
lighting the capsule up in a green hue.

                          KATAGO
		So tell me, what are you? Surely you
		can’t be what you appear to be, the
		gems don’t give up their power to
		just anyone.  Humans especially
		aren’t able to grasp the power of
		the gems, so you are an enigma.

                           ADAM
		<Yelling; hatefully> I’m as human
		as any other person on this earth!

                          KATAGO
		Surely not, and even you have seen
		that there are many people on your
		Earth that are NOT normal.

                           ADAM
		I’m human! And if I’m not, I don’t
		know otherwise.

                          KATAGO
		Is that a bit of doubt I hear in
		you’re voice? <beat; laughing> We
		will see just what you are made of
		boy!

The electricity around the capsule ignites and electrifies the
capsule.  ADAM screams in pain then writhes on the floor of the
capsule until he is unconscious.  KATAGO’s eyes widen then he turns
away from the capsule and looks into his globe.

                          KATAGO
		I had no idea. <beat> There are more
		things in heaven and earth than are
		dreamt of in my philosophy. <beat>
		It would seem that you need be
		conscious for further investigation,
		so I will deal with you later. But,
		now...

KATAGO turns and walks over to an organ, sits, and plays out an
ominous song that can be heard throughout the Souja.

Cut to another hallway inside Souja, RYOUKO, AEKA, and MIHOSHI are
dressed in battle gear and looking at a four-way fork in the corridor.

                           AEKA
		What do we do now?

                          RYOUKO
		All the hallways will lead to him.

AEKA nods and the three split up, each going down a different
corridor.  As RYOUKO is going down a corridor, a pair of faces
appear and attack her.  While flying, she creates an energy ball
that blasts through each face.  AEKA encounters the same faces
but she uses her Jurai power to fly through them.  MIHOSHI also
gets attacked by the faces, she uses a large bazooka-type weapon
on them, sufficiently blowing them apart.

Cut to space, the upper part of TENCHI’s body is floating next to
the TENCHI-KEN.  A piece of branch covers what would be the end of
TENCHI’s torso and the bloody remnants of his internal organs.
AZAKA and KAMIDAKE are creating a forcefield around TENCHI, as he
floats in space.  A bright light appears and ten Light Hawks Wings
surround TENCHI.  A woman dressed in Jurai royal robes (TSUNAMI)
appears standing above TENCHI in space.  She moves through the
forcefield and looks closely at TENCHI’s face, then turns around
and merges with him.  The Light Hawk Wings close over the two of
them and turn into a white mass.

Cut to a unusual looking gateway, on one side is a hallway with a
large wall at the end, on the other side is a misty, dark filled
void.  RYOUKO sticks her head out of the gateway, the rest of her
body is being hidden by the mist.

                          RYOUKO
		Now which way?

The wall at the end of the hallway spreads apart in sections
revealing a large curtain that parts to a dark pathway.

AEKA steps out of the gateway next to RYOUKO.

                           AEKA
		Looks like an invitation.

                          RYOUKO
		Sure does, it would be rude of us
		not to accept.

RYOUKO smirks as they both walk down the hallway and through the
parted wall.  A few seconds after they start going through the wall,
MIHOSHI sticks her head out of the gateway.

                          MIHOSHI
		Hello? <beat> Why doesn’t anyone
		ever wait for me.

As MIHOSHI runs down the hallway, pan backwards to see that MIHOSHI
is walking upside down on the floor and AEKA and RYOUKO are walking
right side up so it looks like MIHOSHI is walking in their 
reflections.

AEKA and RYOUKO walk down a narrow bridge over a dark void and end up
in the great hall that KATAGO and the unconscious ADAM are in.  KATAGO
finishes playing the organ and stands.

                           KATAGO
		Well, well, its a pleasure to have
		you both here in my humble abode. I
		trust you didn’t have any trouble
		finding me.

Cut to just AEKA and RYOUKO, AEKA flares with energy then flies at
KATAGO with full speed.

                            AEKA
		<screaming> DIIIEEEEE!!!!!!

AEKA hits a forcefield in front of KATAGO but continues to try to
fly into him.

                           KATAGO
		<laughs> Is that a term of affection
		or do you just not like me? <beat>
		You should know princess, this field
		will repel any force of energy
		projected at it.

KATAGO moves his hand and a burst of energy hits AEKA and blasts her
aside.  When AEKA is out of the way, RYOUKO appears behind KATAGO and
sticks her energy blade into his neck.  KATAGO writhes and screams,
then he disintegrates in a cloud of green smoke. RYOUKO gasps.

                           RYOUKO
		Ahh, his shadow!

KATAGO immediately grabs RYOUKO’s neck and holds her high.

                           KATAGO
		700 years must have been too long a
		rest for you Ryouko, can’t even tell
		the difference between the real me and
		my shadow.

                           RYOUKO
		Damn you <gasps for breath> Katago!

                           KATAGO
		Perhaps you like being imprisoned...

RYOUKO’s arm begins to turn gray and stiff. It slowly progresses
through her body.

                           RYOUKO
		No... Katago... DON’T!

KATAGO drops RYOUKO’s solid body to the ground.

                           KATAGO
		Such a worthless creation, now 
		princess, its your turn.

Cut to MIHOSHI walking down a narrow bridge crossing a black void.
At the end of the bridge is a pair of stone snakes on either side
of the bridge, and directly at the end is a large crystalline
structure with a figure of some sort trapped inside.  MIHOSHI
carefully moves between the statues and approaches the crystal.

                          MIHOSHI
		Where, where is everyone? Why am I
		always the one left behind? Oh! Now
		where am I?  This looks strange...

Behind MIHOSHI, the two statues come to life and turn into two large,
white snakes that leer over MIHOSHI.  She slowly turns around.

                          MIHOSHI
		Oh no, oh my! Bad snake things! You
		should know that you have the, uhh..
		right to remain silent and.. and...

MIHOSHI opens fire with her arm gun as the snakes begin to approach
her.  The bullets slowly freeze the snakes in their place.
 
                          MIHOSHI
		<eyes closed> you have to remain
		still cause if you don’t really
		really bad things will happen to
		you and lots of, of...

MIHOSHI looks up at the two frozen snakes and sighs.

                          MIHOSHI
		That will be all.

A large crack forms on the iced monsters which quickly spread out
over the two frozen snakes.

                          MIHOSHI
		Oh no... you aren’t remaining
		still. OH! What do I doooooo?!!

MIHOSHI begins searching for things in her huge pocket again,
pulling out all sorts of unidentified objects.  One of the objects
looks like a large tuning fork with drops to the floor and begins
to resonate. The vibrations go unnoticed to MIHOSHI but begin to
resonate off the crystalline structure causing tiny, hairline cracks
to form.

                          MIHOSHI
		Ohh, there must be something here I
		can use!

The cracks on the iced snakes join and the snakes break free from the
ice and lunge at MIHOSHI.  Just as they get close to MIHOSHI, the
figure in the crystal (WASHUU) awakens and the crystal shatters.
MIHOSHI opens her eyes to see the mouth of one of the snakes a few
centimeters from her but turned to stone.  She begins to cry but
WASHUU walks past her.

                          WASHUU
		Its okay, you’re fine now. I’d like
		to thank you for letting me out of
		there.

WASHUU stands between the two stone snakes and moves her hand, both
snakes disintegrate into nothingness.

                          WASHUU
		We don’t need these things anymore.
		<beat> Now, come to mommy.

WASHUU raises her hands and the stone RYOUKO raises up from the ground
and fades back into the living.  WASHUU walks around her and looks
at her features.

                          WASHUU
		Well, nothing seems to be broken. The
		body is still in pretty good form.
		There does seem to be a bit of a
		deficiency, which could result in a
		degradation of her Visual Tactics.

RYOUKO, who was still a bit phased from being turned to stone then
turned back, realizes that WASHUU is in front of her.

                          RYOUKO
		<wearily> My.. what?

                          WASHUU
		Sexual awareness.

                          RYOUKO
		<growls> How dare you, you little
		runt?!

                          WASHUU
		<nonchalant> That isn’t the way you
		should be talking... to your mom.

                          RYOUKO
		<yelling> MY WHAT?!

                          WASHUU
		I’m your mother, Ryouko.  I created
		you, I also created Ryo-ohki and the
		Souja.  But I used my own ova to make
		you, so I consider myself more your
		mother than your creator.

                          RYOUKO
		I’ll have you know I’ve been alone for
		the last 2000 years, ever since I was
		born <beat> I was born... my birth...

                         MIHOSHI
		Umm, excuse me, but who are you? You
		seem to be wearing the old Science 
		Academy uniform, but they haven’t
		been used for years.

                          WASHUU
		I’m WASHUU! The greatest scientific
		mind in the universe.

                         MIHOSHI
		OH! So you must be the great scientist
		that the evil Katago took capture all
		those years ago.

                          RYOUKO
		Uhhgg! I don’t have any time for any
		of this.

                          WASHUU
		What’s the matter, Ryouko? Thinking
		about Tenchi?

RYOUKO generates an energy sword and holds it up to WASHUU’s neck.

                          RYOUKO
		What would you know?

                          WASHUU
		Just as you know what Ryo-ohki is 
		feeling, I know what you are thinking,
		my daughter.  You’ve never felt this
		way about someone before. You love
		him! You secretly want to do this and
		that with him as well.

                          MIHOSHI
		Oh, is she thinking that?

                          RYOUKO
		Who do you think you are?!

                          WASHUU
		You want to kill me, or do you want to
		get revenge for Tenchi?

RYOUKO thinks for a moment then turns off her energy sword.  She turns
and walks away.

                          WASHUU
		Oh Ryouko! <beat> I was wondering
		something, if you could, could you
		call me ‘Mom’?

RYOUKO shoots an energy beam that hits the floor in front of WASHUU.
RYOUKO then teleports away.

                          WASHUU
		Good luck, my daughter.

                          MIHOSHI
		Umm, Ms. Washuu, why are we just
		standing here, shouldn’t we be going
		to help?

                          WASHUU
		We can’t, you see we’re on the reverse
		world.  You can’t go back to the
		normal world unless you destroy Katago.

                          MIHOSHI
		But...

                          WASHUU
		You see, that wasn’t Ryouko, that was
		just her Astral body, her REAL body is
		over on the normal world. Understand?

                          MIHOSHI
		Ummm... <beat> Where are we?

WASHUU falls over.

Cut to space. A single drop of glowing water falls and landing a 
transparent pond.  From the drop, the interior of TSUNAMI is created.
A large tree stands in an endless lake with a pair of stepping stones,
one right next to the tree and another one a few feet off of it.

TSUNAMI and TENCHI appear on the stepping stones, TSUNAMI is near the
tree, TENCHI is standing on the farther stepping stone.  TENCHI is
wearing a glowing bodysuit that covers the area of his body that was
missing from the explosion.

                          TENCHI
		Where, where am I?

                          TSUNAMI
		You are inside of me.

                          TENCHI
		Who are you?

                          TSUNAMI
		I, am Tsunami.

                          TENCHI
		Oh.. so this is your ship? I mean
		this is the inside of your ship?

                          TSUNAMI
		No, the keeper of this ship is,
		Sasami.

                          TENCHI
		Sasami... Oh, Hey! <louder> Where
		are Ryouko and Aeka and Mihoshi, I
		have to save them.

The endless lake turns opaque then shows the Souja in its reflections.

                          TSUNAMI
		I can detect Ryo-oh’s key, 70 thousand
		meters from this position.

                          TENCHI
		Are they okay, I need to help them!

                          TSUNAMI
		They are being held on Katago’s ship,
		the Souja.  I cannot tell you anything
		more than that.  But you must be careful
		Tenchi.

An object rises to the top of the lake then emerges from the surface
and floats in front of TENCHI.

                           TENCHI
		As long as I have this sword, I’ll be
		all right.

TENCHI grabs the sword and as he does, his image vanishes from the
stepping stone.  Cut to the reflection of TSUNAMI, which shows a very
frightened SASAMI.  Pan upwards to TSUNAMI.

                           TSUNAMI
		<Both TSUNAMI and SASAMI’s voice>
		I hope he will be safe, he has not
		recovered fully yet.

A figure dressed in a greenish suit and holding a long staff arises
from the lake to stand on the stepping stone.  The woman (PLUTO)
stands on the stone with a stiff businesslike attitude.

                            PLUTO
		He is not ready.

                           TSUNAMI
		He is ready enough, my sister. He
		must be.

                            PLUTO
		No, that is why I have brought Adam
		here.  Tenchi will fail, and Katago
		will destroy the earth, and in the
		end, steal your very power.  But it
		will not end like that, Katago will
		destroy everything in his path for
		greater power, even Lady Tokimi and
		your eccentric sister will be unable
		to stop him from restructuring the
		universe in his image. <beat> This is
		how it is, this is how I’ve seen it to
		be.

                           TSUNAMI
		Who is the boy?

                            PLUTO
		A disciple of mine.

                           TSUNAMI
		You answer my questions, yet you
		elude them.

                            PLUTO
		You have no need to know at this
		time.  His motives will be revealed as
		time progresses.

                           TSUNAMI
		Why won’t you tell me?  Even Katago
		couldn’t find out what he was.

                            PLUTO
		I cannot reveal who he is, or why he
		is here.  But you must trust him more
		than you trust me.

PLUTO waves her staff in a circle and ADAM appears next to her on the
stepping stone.  He looks around dumbfounded.

                            ADAM
		Who...

                            PLUTO
		Watch.

PLUTO waves her staff again and the lake changes images from space to
Earth in a suburban town.  A young man (ADAM) in a black trench coat, 
blue jeans and a white T-shirt, and long hair tied in a ponytail down 
his back is standing on the roof of a school.  Great gusts of wind blow
his coat around in fury as another man (GARY) climbs up onto the roof 
with some effort and walks over to ADAM who looks like he’s in great 
pain.

                            GARY
		Its over, man.  Her immune system
		rejected the donor heart and it’s
		too late to find another one.  The
		doctor’s say 5 days max.

                            ADAM
		I’m the same blood type as her, you
		know. <beat>  Just a few misplaced
		steps and she’d have another donor
		heart.

GARY looks at ADAM then off the side of the school to parking lot 
below.  He quickly grabs ADAM and pulls him a few extra feet from the
edge.

                            GARY
		<louder> Look man! This happens some-
		times, you have to deal with it.
		Killing yourself won’t save her life,
		its too late for her.  Don’t destroy
		yourself because of her, she’d never
		want it that way.

                            ADAM
		You don’t know her very well.  She was
		very keen on living.

                            GARY
		I’d never let you do it.

ADAM turns to look down the side of the school again, then turns back
to GARY.

                            ADAM
		You could never stop me. You have no
		idea what it will be like for me
		to not have her around. Every day that
		she isn’t there I’ll know, I’ll 
		remember exactly what she looked like
		the last time I saw her. I’ll remember
		why she died, how I could have stopped
		her, that crucial fact, that one thing
		that I never got to say...

ADAM takes a few steps closer to the edge of the roof.

                             GARY
		Its not like you never had the chance,
		Dammit! You saw her ever day, thought
		about it every minute. If you never
		told her that you loved her, than it
		was totally YOU’RE FAULT!

ADAM swings around and punches GARY.  Both are surprised that the
punch wasn’t very strong.  GARY brushes off the small trickle of
blood coming from his nose.

                             GARY
		<quietly> This brooding won’t change
		anything.

GARY climbs over to the edge of the roof and climbs back down to
the ground.  ADAM turns to stare off the building again.  Another
set of footsteps appear behind him.

                             ADAM
		I believe you now, Pluto.

PLUTO walks up beside ADAM and stares off of the roof with him.

                             PLUTO
		You’re getting better at that, and not
		just from my help.

                             ADAM
		I’ll do your work, if you tell me
		one thing.

                             PLUTO
		I’ll promise no such thing.

                             ADAM
		Why now?

                             PLUTO
		Why not?

                             ADAM
		I have the innermost sinking feeling
		that you won’t ever say anything more
		than that. Maybe its just this whole
		situation that’s bothering me.

PLUTO takes her time staff and touches it to ADAM’s forehead, it
glows and the symbol of a star with a sword through it appears on
his head briefly.

                             PLUTO
		I’ll call you when I need you. You do
		my work now.

PLUTO turns and leaves.  ADAM keeps staring off the roof of the school
watching as the dark nexus of clouds to the east moves closer to the
school.

Cut to the inside of TSUNAMI, the lake turns opaque again.  ADAM turns
to PLUTO slowly.

                             ADAM
		You were the voice yesterday.  The one
		that told me that Sasami was...

ADAM looks at TSUNAMI, who smiles in return, then down at her reflection
which shows SASAMI.

                             ADAM
		<angry> Why don’t I remember anything?
		And why did you wait so long before
		calling for me?

                             PLUTO
		You were suicidal, depressed, almost
		clinically insane. Since then you have
		found yourself and the boundless amounts
		of knowledge you can retain. The choice
		is obvious.  What you must do now isn’t.

                             ADAM
		Wha...? <beat> Oh, god. Aeka! Ryouko!
		They’re all in danger.

                            TSUNAMI
		You must help Tenchi defend them.
		Katago is a universal threat, his
		legacy must end here.  You have
		been given power, that gem in you
		hand will allow you to summon power
		equal to that of Ryouko’s. Please,
		help Tenchi defend the innocent.

                             ADAM
		I will.  I must, I cannot just stand
		by when I can do something.

Cut to the Great Hall.  KATAGO is leering over AEKA when an energy
bolt cuts into his arm and sticks halfway through.  KATAGO quickly
turns to see RYOUKO standing with her arm held out.

                             KATAGO
		I see you’ve finally found your way
		back here.  No doubt you’re looking
		for a rematch.

                             RYOUKO
		I will KILL you for what you did to
		Tenchi.

                             KATAGO
		I’ll destroy every last trace of your
		failure of an existence if I have to.

Cut to the reverse world.  A large blueprint is laid out over the 
floor.  WASHUU and MIHOSHI are sitting on one part of the blueprints.

                             WASHUU
		The ship is composed of two layers,
		the top side and the bottom side.
		So you see here, this part goes this
		way and that way, but this part only
		goes this way.

                            MIHOHSI
		Oh..

                             WASHUU
		So you see there is no way out, 
		absolutely none. No WAY! Got it?

                            MIHOSHI
		Umm.. nope. I don’t get it at all!

WASHUU falls again.

Cut to the Great Hall.  RYOUKO flies close to a pillar and a green
bolt of energy flies past, destroying the pillar.  RYOUKO dodges
a barrage of shots by KATAGO who is following close behind. RYOUKO
returns fire and blows up a few other priceless works of art.

Cut to the reverse world.  WASHUU and MIHOSHI are both standing.
WASHUU has a hand to her head.

                            MIHOSHI
		So I guess what you are saying is
		that there is absolutely no way out
		of here?

                             WASHUU
		Where were you when they handed out
		the brains?

                            MIHOSHI
		But how could that be, you created
		this ship didn’t you?

                             WASHUU
		Uh-huh... <beat> And that is why it
		is so PERFECT!!

Cut to the Great Hall.  RYOUKO dodges more energy beams from KATAGO.
She dodges an energy beam and cuts through a pillar causing it to
fall towards KATAGO.  As he is about to move, a dozen or so small
floating logs appear around him, freezing him in place.  Cut to a
view of AEKA leaning on another pillar, holding her hand out towards
KATAGO.  The pillar continues to fall and crushes KATAGO beneath it.
RYOUKO flies down and stands on it.

                             RYOUKO
		This pillar is very dense, he must
		have been seriously injured.

KATAGO reaches through the pillar to grab RYOUKO’s foot and swings
her around and throws her into the pillar causing several cracks to
form and an impression to form around where she hit the pillar.
KATAGO forms an energy sword and swings it down at RYOUKO’s head.
She phases into the pillar and takes control of the stone causing
it to shape itself like her and grab KATAGO.

Cut to the reverse world.  WASHUU and MIHOSHI is watching the battle
through a circular view screen in the floor that WASHUU made.  WASHUU
puts her hand to her chin and taps her foot.

                             WASHUU
		Why isn’t Ryouko using her full
		power?  She could destroy him
		now if wasn’t holding back.

                             MIHOSHI
		Oh, so you mean she isn’t using all
		her power?

                             WASHUU
		If she did, this would be over.
		Even she can’t beat him THIS way.

Cut to the Great Hall.  KATAGO is being held by the RYOUKO statue and
looking up to her face.

                             RYOUKO
		I will crush you.

                             KATAGO
		Go ahead... if you could.

                             RYOUKO
		Huh?

The stone hand cracks open and begins to crumble. When KATAGO is free
he shoots the statue with an energy beam and it shatters throwing
pieces of rock everywhere.  The real RYOUKO falls out of the statue
and falls with the rest of the debris. Cut to AEKA, who is screaming
because the pieces are about to fall on her.  RYOUKO teleports from
the falling debris and appears next to AEKA. She picks her up and
teleports away just before a large chunk of the statue falls where
AEKA was standing.

Cut to the reverse world. WASHUU and MIHOSHI are still where we left
them.

                             WASHUU
		Aha! That’s why!

                             MIHOSHI
		That’s why, what?!

                             WASHUU
		That’s why Ryouko isn’t using her
		full power.  If she did, the resulting
		discharge would annihilate Aeka as
		well.

                             MIHOSHI
		Well, isn’t there anything we can do?

                             WASHUU
		Hmm... I think I know something we
		can do.

Cut to the Great Hall.  KATAGO flies towards AEKA and RYOUKO throwing
energy beams as he gets closer.  RYOUKO flies up and creates an energy
sword and swings down at KATAGO.  Again, a dozen or so logs appear
around KATAGO but this time he uses his power to blow them away.  As
RYOUKO gets close, KATAGO generates his sword and takes a sweeping
swing at RYOUKO, throwing her across the hall and impacting her into
a wall.  He turns to AEKA.

                             KATAGO
		Now, princess, that’s not the
		proper behavior for my guests,
		perhaps you need a little talking
		to.

As KATAGO approaches her, she descends into the floor to KATAGO’s
surprise.

Cut to the reverse world.  AEKA ascends from the floor and falls
into MIHOSHI’s arms.  WASHUU dusts off her hands.

                             WASHUU
		We may not be able to got to their
		world, but we can bring her here.

WASHUU turns around and a slightly transparent KATAGO appears in 
front of her.

                             KATAGO
		So you’re the one making it easier
		for Ryouko?  Very wise, professor,
		even I can’t get to Aeka here.

                             WASHUU
		Give it up, Katago. My daughter
		will destroy you.

                             KATAGO
		I seriously doubt that professor.

Cut to the great hall, two pairs of feet step into the great hall
at once.  They go unnoticed as they move down the bridge over the
black void.

Cut to the reverse world.  KATAGO turns around and waves his hand.
A previously opaque glass turns transparent and shows earth in center
screen.

                             KATAGO
		Professor, I’m going to show you a
		little experiment of mine, just like
		the old days.

The sounds of chirping computers and sizzling streams of electricity
echo through the room.

                             WASHUU
		What did you do?

                             KATAGO
		I’m using Souja to drain all the
		power out of the gems. Now, I
		could have made it as compact as
		Ryouko, but you’ll see that the power
		turnover is much greater.  Now for a
		target.

Cut to the Great Hall.  The pairs of feet get over the bridge and
walk over to the area where RYOUKO and KATAGO were fighting.

Cut to the reverse world.  A pair of cross-hairs are over Earth.

                             AEKA
		No, you can’t! Sasami! Yousho!

                            KATAGO
		You’ll see, princess, I can do
		anything I want to do. <beat>
		FIRE!

Cut to the exterior of the Souja.  The main gun charges up a shot
and fires.  The beam travels across space towards earth.  Just
before it reaches earth’s atmosphere it is absorbed by an invisible
force field.  A white beam of light shines from where the beam hit
the field.  It splits into ten Light Hawk Wings as a large ship
materializes (TSUNAMI) and the wings attach themselves to the ship.

Cut to the reverse world.  Everyone is surprised.

                              AEKA
		Its TSUNAMI!

                             WASHUU
		<gasps> The ten wings of the Light
		Hawk, impressive!

KATAGO gets a evil grin on his face.

                             KATAGO
		There you are, Tsunami!

Cut to space, dozens of beams of energy appear around TSUNAMI and
fire themselves at the Souja.  The shots all hit and the ship rocks
back from the impact.

Cut to the Great Hall.  Start at the two pairs of feet then pan
upwards to show TENCHI and ADAM standing next to each other.  TENCHI
is dressed in battle garb, a brownish outfit with white accents on what
looks like a vest.  ADAM is wearing the black trench coat, jeans and
white shirt from before.

                             TENCHI
		Its all over, Katago!

Cut to the reverse world.  KATAGO grins again and disappears from the
reverse world to appear in the Great Hall.

Cut to RYOUKO, who manages to pull her head from the stone to look at
TENCHI.

                             RYOUKO
		Tenchi? Is that you?

Pan over to show TENCHI and ADAM facing KATAGO.

                             TENCHI
		I’m no ghost.

                             KATAGO
		At last! The final two gems! Give
		me their power!

Sparks of electricity jump up from the floor and pull the TENCHI-KEN
and ADAM’s hand to the ground.  TENCHI tries to pull the TENCHI-KEN 
up and ADAM pulls at his hand, both to no avail.

Cut to KATAGO, he visibly grows in strength and raises his hands in
fists above his head.

                             KATAGO
		Now, Tsunami, come to me!

Cut to space, TSUNAMI is pulled towards the Souja.  As it gets closer
to the ship, the Light Hawk Wings fade away.

Cut to the Great Hall.  TENCHI looks up from the TENCHI-KEN to see
TSUNAMI getting closer to the Souja.

                             TENCHI (V.O.)
		<sighs> I don’t even have enough
		strength to hold my sword. How can
		I defeat Katago.

                             TSUNAMI (V.O)
		Don’t give up.

Both TENCHI and ADAM look up towards TSUNAMI the ship, both having
heard her thoughts.

                             TSUNAMI (V.O.)
		You both have power, you must forget
		your limitations and use the power
		that you both hold.  I believe in
		both of you.

TENCHI nods and when he raises his head again, three glowing marks
are on his forehead.  ADAM clenches his teeth and pulls with all his
might and his hand slowly pulls away from the ground.  As his hand
gets farther from the ground the intensity of the electricity
increases until he makes a fist and the power feeds back into itself
and stops. Both TENCHI and ADAM stand up and face KATAGO.

Cut to space, TSUNAMI is pulled into a hatch in the Souja and the
Light Hawk Wings completely disappear.  The hatch closes over the
ship.

Cut to the Great Hall.  KATAGO turns around to face TENCHI and ADAM
and is surprised to see them both standing.

                             KATAGO
		Still want to throw your lives away?

                             TENCHI
		I need no sword to defeat you.

                             KATAGO
		Foolish boy!  You have no chance.

KATAGO raises his hand and a large green energy bolt flies and hits
TENCHI and ADAM, causing a great smoke cloud to form.

                             KATAGO
		Pitiful.

Four white beams of light shine through the smoke, and turn into the
Light Hawk Wings.

                             KATAGO
		How is it possible? I thought all the
		power from Tsunami was cut off!

The smoke clears and we see TENCHI holding out his hands with the
four wings emanating from him and ADAM standing next to him with
his gem crackling with power.

                             KATAGO
		Its you! How is it possible?

Two of the wings move into TENCHI’s hands and transform his outfit
to white with two streaming pieces of cloth coming from his shoulders.
One of the wings moves to ADAM’s hand and transforms his outfit to
white with a black ‘V’ shaped stripe through it.  The last wing moves
up and transforms into a sword that TENCHI grabs.

Cut to the reverse world.  Everyone is watching the action going on
in the circular viewscreen.

                             WASHUU
		Material conversion! The wings of
		the Light Hawk.  And they are SHARING
		it!

Cut back to KATAGO.

                             KATAGO
		NO! Its impossible!

KATAGO raises his hand and hundreds of crystals rise out of the floor 
and head towards TENCHI and ADAM.  TENCHI turns his sword into a 
boomerang and throws it into the crystals.  ADAM forms an energy
blade like KATAGO’s except its a neon shade of blue and jumps over
to KATAGO and swings down.  KATAGO blocks with his energy sword and
the two blades crackle as they touch.  TENCHI creates another sword
out of an arm shield and lunges at KATAGO.  KATAGO kicks ADAM which
pushes him back a few inches so that KATAGO could swing at TENCHI.

A large white flash hides the actual connection.  When the light dies
down, TENCHI is standing with his sword swung on one side of the
Great Hall and KATAGO is standing with his sword swung on the other
side.  The slash across TENCHI’s torso glows with a white light then
dies down, uninjured.  KATAGO stares forward as his energy blade
disappears.

                             KATAGO
		Tenchi.  Same name as the master sword
		well done Tsunami. <beat>  Tenchi
		can’t be copied, also very interesting.

KATAGO slowly turns around and faces ADAM.

                             KATAGO
		But how do you fit into this?

Where the cut across his torso would be, KATAGO’s body begins to
disintegrate from that slash outwards.  The last thing to
disintegrate is KATAGO’s head, but before he says one last thing
to TENCHI.

                             KATAGO
		Well done boy, you’ve won.

The lights of the Great Hall change and the black void disappears.
RYOUKO pulls herself from the wall and stands.

                             RYOUKO
		Tenchi!

WASHUU, MIHOSHI, and AEKA ascend from the floor with teary looks
in their eyes.

                        AEKA & MIHOSHI (sim)
		Tenchi...

As AEKA and MIHOSHI start to run towards TENCHI, they trip and fall
over RYOUKO’s foot.  She snickers and stands in front of them.

                             RYOUKO
		Hah! I’ll the first one to greet
		Tenchi!

RYOUKO turns around to see that RYO-OHKI is perched on TENCHI’s
shoulder.  She is “myaa”’ing to him.  RYOUKO growls and picks
RYO-OHKI off TENCHI’s shoulder.

                             RYOUKO
		<angrily> RYO-OHKI!

                             WASHUU (O.S.)
		Hi. I’m Washuu.

RYOUKO turns around to see WASHUU standing next to TENCHI. She
storms over.

                             WASHUU
		Would you like to my guinea pig??

RYOUKO grabs WASHUU and pulls her away from TENCHI.

                             RYOUKO
		<angrily> MOM!!

                         AEKA & MIHOSHI (O.S.; sim)
		Hi Tenchi!

RYOUKO turns around to see AEKA and MIHOSHI next to TENCHI, she
growls then starts to cry.  WASHUU walks over to ADAM.

                             WASHUU
		How about you? Would you like to be
		my guinea pig?

ADAM puts his hand behind his head.

                              ADAM
		Guinea Pig?! For what?

All the greetings are cut short when the Great Hall splits down the
middle and shifts a bit.

                              ALL (sim)
		Huh?!!

                             WASHUU
		I guess he cut through the whole
		ship as well.

Cut to space, the Souja is split in half and slightly shifted.

                              ALL (V.O.; Sim)
		Lets get out of here!!

The Souja explodes in a giant supernova.  The shockwaves echo
through the Solar System and into deep space.

Cut to the Masaki House.  AZAKA and KAMIDAKE are standing at
the gates to the house.  From off screen a newspaper flies and hits
AZAKA and falls to the ground.

                            KAMIDAKE
		What was that?

                              AZAKA
		I don’t know.

In the background a semi-large explosion goes off and AEKA and RYOUKO
can be heard yelling at each other.

                            KAMIDAKE
		Its going to be a nice day.

                              AZAKA
		Yes, another peaceful day on planet
		Earth.

Fade to Black.


Authors Notes (Much?):
----------------------
	Five down, several more to go.  For those of you who are
unfamiliar with the Tenchi Muyou OAV series, this episode would be
similar to the end of the first OAV series.  But since this is
more like the TV series, that little bit of information is irrelevant,
ignore it.

	Finally I have some of the relationship between Pluto and Adam
on paper (or screen more likely), but now I have to decide where I’m
going to go with it.  Adam is very different than the rest of the
Tenchi characters, and I don’t know how well he will contrast with the
rest of the cast.

	I have a plan to translate TMiL into my universe, but before I can
do that, I have to introduce one more character.  Look for this character
in FULL CIRCLE, EPISODE 6: The Calm Before The Storm.  See ya then.

	“Tenchi Muyou” was created and is owned by Masaki Kanajaki, and was
released by Pioneer Entertainment in association with AIC.  All references
and characters from this series is held under copyright by its respective
owners.

	Adam Leigh is part of “Legend Equinox” which was created and owned
by Adam Chris Leigh and was published through multiple sources available
through the Internet.  All usage of this character is restricted to is
owner and is Copyright ©1997 by Tempest Creations, a division of 
Starlight Pictures.

	All Rights Reserved.

Adam Chris Leigh
Omicron@sprynet.com
--== Who is currently sitting in his car, typing this at a speed of 73
     miles per hour, heading down route 17 going from New York to New 
     Jersey ==--
