	What is this monstrosity?  Simply put, it's a whole new story based
upon the Full Circle idea created early in 1997.  Much like in the real
world, its a story idea that's being hacked, slashed, and mangled to
reach a larger audience.  Even more simply put: This is a new story,
with little to no relation to the Full Circle of old.

                                 -=-

                      Tempest Creations Presents...
                          A Leigh Production

                          In Association With
                         Pioneer Entertainment
                                  And
                            Masaki Kajishima

                              FULL CIRCLE
                            (THE OAV SERIES)

                         Written And Adapted By
                              Adam Leigh

                 Based on the "Full Circle" TV Series by
                              Adam Leigh
                            and released by
                         Starlight Productions

                               PART ONE
                                  of
                                 FOUR

---------------------------------------------------------------------

	The New Jersey coast usually doesn't get too warm at least until the
beginning of July, and even then you'll have to find a day that isn't
raining, too windy, too cloudy, or generally cool.  To have found such
a perfect weekend at this time of the year was generally unheard of, at
least not in the decades of Indian Hills High School Students who have
traveled down to Cape May following the Senior Prom.  But the six
people currently occupying thirty-four Thornbush Rd. were experiencing
just that: perfection.

	They came out in droves to claim the sandy beach ever since the
weather forecast on Thursday, people from all over the area to catch
themselves the first ebbing of summer.  By the time Adam, Kevin, Tim,
Paris, Heather, and Lyle finally rolled out of bed and drove down to
the shore, it was packed.  From scalding pavement, to cooling sea.

	"Shit," Kevin illustrated the general consensus of the group as they
piled out of the van.  The rest of the group gave other utterings of
disbelief and misfortune.

	"Woah," Paris started.  "This sucks, like, there's no room at all."

	Tim blinked a few times while Lyle and Heather looked around and Adam
pulled off his sunglasses and stuffed them in his laptop shoulder bag. 
Kevin quickly turned to everyone else and generally asked, "So what do
we do?"

	"Not much of an option here," Adam responded first.  "Either we find
out if we can fit in the crevices between towels out there, or we find
someplace else to go."  Adam paused then added, "if you consider the
latter, we can always come back tomorrow a bit earlier."

	"What? Early like, three AM?" Paris quipped.  "I bet these people
never leave, they just flip themselves over and over, getting
adequately toasted, then sit around all night watching a bonfire or
something."

	"Okay, okay," Adam seceded, raising his hands.  "You decide for us
then."

	There was an unsettling silence, except for the massive amounts of
white noise coming from the beach, but there was silence between the
six of them.  Finally, Kevin spoke.

	"You know, I saw a golf course a few miles back."

	"Yeah, I saw that too," Adam quickly responded.  "Looked pretty good."

	"I saw it too," Lyle added almost on top of Adam.  The rest of the
group started talking about the golf course at once and eventually,
about twenty minutes later, they all decided to go golfing instead of
the beach.

                                  -=-

	"What's with that stupid laptop anyway," Paris said walking into the
living room of the rented house the six students were spending the
weekend in.  She was drying her hair after having showered and sat on
the arm of Adam's chair, who was busy typing on his Panasonic CF-41
laptop.

	"Hmm?" he said, not taking his eyes away from the active matrix
display.

	Paris peered down from above at the screen, "...and he grabbed her
milky breast as he fluttered his fingers down the small of her—"

	Adam slammed the laptop shut, cutting short her narrative.  He looked
up at her and rose and eyebrow to give her a frustrated look.

	"I was just joking," she said with a smile.  "I wanted to know what
you were doing.  You've been pretty busy with that laptop ever since we
got here.  You even gave up going in the ocean so you could keep
typing.  And I *KNOW*, before you say it, you're not a big beach person
anyway, but still, what ARE you doing?"

	Adam seemed to consider for a moment before opening his laptop again
causing the computer to pick up where it last was before it was closed.
 Adam looked between his screen and Paris for a few seconds before
turning to look only at Paris.  "I'm writing a story."

	"What's it about?"

	Adam quickly shook his head and looked hesitant to continue.  "You
wouldn't understand," he said finally.

	"Try me," the dark hared woman said with a smirk.

	"Okay," he started then stopped.  "Have you ever watched the Sci-Fi
channel on Saturday mornings?"

	"Ummm, no."

	"Okay, then, how about WPIX a couple of years ago, before it turned
into the WB, about six-thirty AM?"

	"Nope."

	"You're not making this easy for me," Adam concluded.

	"Just try to explain the best you can."

	"You know how I like to watch cartoons, right?"

	"Yeah, you're always watching Gargoyles or Spiderman or something."

	"Okay, okay, that's good.  Well, in Japan, they have this style of
cartoon making called Anime, and it's really good.  Professional,
high-detail, lots of characters engaging in a deep, thought provoking
storyline.  Almost like normal live-action TV.  Well, I've been
watching a lot of it lately, and I've been taken to collecting the good
ones to keep and watch again.  So I do, I watch them sometimes and I
love it."

	"Riiight, but, what are you writing about?!"

	"Oh," he stumbled through his speech.  "It's a story that's based on
one of those Anime, a continuation of a story that was begun in the
show."

	"Ohhh, that's pretty cool, I guess.  How far are you along?

	"About... oh, eighty, eighty five pages in one of them.  It still
needs to be edited and formatted for release though."

	"That's pretty good."

	"Yeah I guess, but there are still people on the net that have written
longer things, like Biles, Davies, all of Eryie Productions..."

	"Still pretty good," she got up off the arm of his chair and started
heading back to her room.  "Just don't get too consumed in it all,
don't want to have real life pass you by."

	Adam nodded idly and continued typing.  Paris sighed as she closed the
door of her room.

                                  -=-

	"Ever dance with the devil in the pale moonlight?" the Joker asked
Bruce Wayne inside of Vicky Vale's apartment.  Even his low voice
reaching the limits of the tweeters inside of the small TV speakers and
causing distortion. 

	Tim shook his head and lifted himself off the couch to move across the
room and over to the door.  Kevin quickly claimed the seat more
comfortable than his wicker chair, causing the cushions to slightly jar
Paris and Heather who were also sitting on the couch.  Lyle jumped off
the ground and into the wicker chair as the game of musical chairs
ended before the movie.

	Tim reached the door and quietly pushed it open to find Adam, leaning
on the railing of the porch with a bottle in his hand, looking up at
the stars.  The night was quite clear, as they had been since they
arrived, and Tim was able to quickly find Orion's Belt, the only
constellation he was able to accurately decipher when he saw it.  Adam
didn't move his head when Tim leaned on the railing beside him.

	"You seem to spending a lot of your time alone," Tim said while
stargazing.  "I wouldn't think you came all the way down here just to
stare at the stars and your laptop screen.  What's been bothering you,
man?"

	Adam took the last swig of his beer and placed it on the railing
beside him.  "I dunno, man," he said clearly.  "I was hoping to find
something to do, you know outdoors isn't my thing."

	"Yeah, I know..."

	"And I figured I could have a good enough time just hanging out with
you all, you know, my friends."  Adam ran his hand though his scattered
hair.  "But I feel excluded, not just from the activities I don't
participate in, but just in general.  I just feel like I'm missing
something, like there's some goal I was supposed to have but I never
found it."

	Tim lowered his head for a moment, staring at the grass just in front
of the porch.  "What do you believe in?" he said abruptly.  Adam must
have though it so as well and took a step back in surprise.

	"Tim!" he nearly yelled before he caught himself.  "You know I'm a
heretic, I don't believe in—"

	"That's not what I asked you, Adam," Tim interrupted with a very
serious look on his face.  "I asked you, not what you don't believe in,
but what you DO believe in.  Like Dustin says, you don't have to
believe in god to have faith.  Where is your faith?"

	Adam chucked softly and leaned back on the railing again.  "You know,"
be begain.  "If you ask me today and you ask me tomorrow, you're likely
to get two different answers.  Not only am I constantly changing my
mind about such things, I'm probably pretty drunk right now, nothing's
coming in clear."

	"Well just tell me what you think now, okay?" Tim nodded slowly,
trying to encourage Adam to do the same.  He eventually did.

	Adam lifted his head up and looked straight up into the sky.  "What do
I believe in?" he repeated the question to himself.  "I believe that
there is an answer to the question."

	"What do you mean?" Tim asked.

	He sighed and ruffled his hair again.  "It really doesn't matter if
there's a god, or what god it is, there must be an answer to the
question."

	"What question?"

	"Why," Adam breathed and grabbed his empty bottle again, playing with
it in his hands.  "What is it all for?  To what end?"

	"That's a big question," Tim said with a small chuckle.

	"Damn straight," responded Adam with a smirk.  "I'm not expecting to
find it any time soon."

	"Probably a good thing," Tim opened into a laugh this time.

                                  -=-

	A few miles away, the waves suddenly stopped crashing against the New
Jersey coast.  The ocean, always in conflict with itself, became calm
and as black as night.

                                  -=-

	"I mean," Adam was continuing.  "Us all, the six of us, we're almost
the smartest group in the school.  Paris walked off with Valedictorian,
Heather was Salutatorian, you and I came off sixth and seventh in the
class and Kevin and Lyle were tenth and fifteenth respectively.  We're
all very smart but we still have no idea what to do with our lives.

	"Well, I mean, you and I almost know what we're doing.  There's no one
in the entire county that knows as much about programming as I do, so I
guess that's the type of future I'm heading for, and you're quite an
engineer yourself.  Between the two of us we could probably do anything
that has to do with computer, but what about everyone else?"

	Tim rubbed the back of his head with his hand.  "Paris is going to
pursue her art career an—"

	"No she isn't," Adam interrupted.  "Tim, I know what she wants to do,
and it's probably what will ultimately make her happy, but..."

	"But?" inquired Tim.  "What?"

	"It's not what will happen," he shook his head.  "I can just feel it."

	"Feel it?" Tim asked blandly.

	"It's just... uuhhhgg," he paced about the porch.  "It's a feeling I
get when I see her.  It's almost like looking at her past and
predicting her future, but it's more than that, most solid somehow. 
But just think about it for a moment.  She loves her art, but she
walked out of the school as the smartest one.  No one's ever going to
let her waste it on a Studio or Commercial art career.  She's doing
SOMETHING more with her brain, I just don't know what.  All I know is
that she'd be happiest if she could just do her art."

	"Yeah, I guess I thought about that too, but I always thought that
she'd do what she wanted to do.  You know, keep herself happy above
all?"

	"Unfortunately, it's not that way."

                                  -=-

	The constellations in the sky slowly grew dark, not from any formation
of clouds, they simply started fading away until it had all become a
pitch black palette.  Even the forever glow of the moon faded away,
leaving the world in darkness.  This strange event was followed shortly
after by the sudden silence of all the insects and animals in the area.

                                  -=-

	"Kevin?" Adam asked for verification.  "He's a hard one, since he's
never 'openly' shown any interest in a career, but I think I could
piece one together from his hobbies."

	Tim blinked.  "And?"

	"Either he'll do the best out of all of us, some corporate executive
because of his ability to make competent decisions, or ... well, he
could end up in the gutter."

	"Hah," Tim laughed.  "Waitta minute, I've got to tell this to Kevin,
hold on a sec."  He continued to laugh as he moved to the door and
pushed his way though it.

	"Oh, fun," Adam said flatly.

                                  -=-

	A single point of light appeared in the, now black, sky, piecing the
silent night with a low hum.  It lingered in the sky for a few moments
before rapidly descending to the Earth, landing a few yards off the
coast with a loud crash of water against water.  The light, now
appearing to be a swirling nexus of dark purples and greens, sped off
inland towards the rows of houses build along the shoreline.

	It moved like lightning and made a low humming noise that vibrated
with the swirling of color inside of it.  As it picked up more speed,
it began to glow more brightly and acquired a second, thumping noise as
it passed other objects.

	It generally became more and more obvious as it moved faster and
faster, closing in on the porch that Adam was standing on.  He easily
noticed it flying towards him at mach ten making a loud ruckus as it
passed through the residential areas of the town and made its final
turn to be right in line with the house.

	Adam had a moment to let out a cry of confusion before the greenish,
purplish, loud ball of light struck him with the intensity of a million
suns.  "What the Fu--!?"

                                  -=-

	The world spun for several minutes, tossing and turning, generally
trying to turn Adam green, but when it stopped he found himself laying
on the ground looking up at the morning sky.  He blinked a few times,
trying to get his balance reacquainted with himself, then slowly sat up
as not to get a rush to the head.

	"What a—" he started the noticed he was in a field beside some dirt
road with the house, and the town for that matter, no where to be seen.
 He stood up quickly, nearly twisting his already twisted leg (from
what he couldn't recall), and scanned the area trying to get some
bearing on where he was.

	He was standing in a strip of grass that ran between a large, plowed
but unplanted field and a packed dirt road.  On the other side of the
road was a forest, the leaves of which prevented him from seeing very
far in his quick glance.  He only looked around for an instant, but he
was fairly certain that he wasn't anywhere he'd ever been before in his
life.

	"What a shitter," he quoted in angst.



	The long road took him well into the late afternoon without any sight
of civilization aside from the plowed fields, which only a basic sign
of advanced agriculture, it didn't suggest anything about it's
planters.  He was starting to consider that someone had dropped him off
in some low technology third world country for some reason he couldn't
fathom.

	While that was only one of the many ideas going through his head, it
was the only one that could have possibly happened in the real world. 
But his mind continued to create outrageous explanations and possible
theories for what had happened.  One of his favorites was that he had
been sucked back in time for some reason and was brought here to
perform a task and gain superpowers in the process.  Another one was
that he had crossed some dimensional barrier and was in some alternate
universe like in that Sliders TV series.

	Obviously, his ideas were somewhat slanted.

	He came across his first house as night was just beginning to fall, he
guessed it was about seven thirty but his watch had stopped so he
couldn't be sure.  It was a three story house with a oddly red roof and
a garage-like shed to the side that looked over a large lake surrounded
by trees.  The road ended shortly after, as if the entire trip was only
to get to this house.  Off to the side, he noticed a long, stone
staircase leading up the side of a mountain, but it was heavily
shrouded with trees so he couldn't see it much higher than a few steps
let alone where it led to.

	It was the strangest scene he'd ever seen, but it all seemed oddly
familiar.  He tried to place where he'd seen it before, but his mind
refused to divulge the information, as if it was too unbelievable to
even think about.

	He walked up to the door of the house, the familiarity growing when he
noticed the door was of the sliding type instead of the swinging, but
still his mind refused to place the connection.  Raising a fist, he
knocked on the door and quickly retracted his hand when he almost
knocked right through the paper-thin entranceway.  Shortly after a
silhouette of a man approached the door and slid it open.

	He was about the same age as Adam, a little shorter, with short spiky
brown hair on top and longer hair, pulled into a tail, in the back.  He
was wearing a loosely fitting white shirt and long brown slacks. 
Placing a hand to the back of his head he spoke quickly, "Hai?"

	"Eh?" Adam said before thinking.  Even as he was blinking in
confusion, his mind was slowly processing what was said to him,
remodulating and translating causing all sorts of headaches to hit him
at once before the man spoke to him again.

	At first the words sounded contorted and slurred before they suddenly
cleared and he understood the end of the question.  "—you alright?  You
look pale."

	"What?" Adam breathed, the headaches reaching phenomenal levels of
pain.  "Where am I?"

	"This is, uh, my house, in Okayama."

	"Okayama?" Things started to get blurry and he felt himself loosing
balance.  "Isn't that in... Japan?"

	"Yeah," the puzzled man responded.  "You really don't look good sir,
maybe we should get you to a doctor."  Maybe the guy was right, though
Adam, I don't feel so good, but I've got to find out more, this all
seem so weird, like I'm caught in some TV show...

	It was at this time that his mind decided to let him in on the
realization that had dawned upon it several minutes ago.

	"Adam," he blurted out suddenly and quite loudly.  "My name's Adam,
what's your name?"

	"Uhh, Tenchi, Tenchi Masaki."

	Tenchi, Adam thought in horror, my god, what's happened?  His mind,
now confronted with evidence contradictory to everything he's ever
thought of, decided it was time for a break and promptly did so.  His
body followed shortly after, washing away the terror in
unconsciousness.

                                  -=-

	"He's waking up," Tenchi said softly to his father and grandfather. 
The trio came closer to the slowly moving form on the couch.  They had
brought him inside when he fainted and had been trying to bring down
his fever for the last two hours.  It finally broke a half-hour ago and
now he was starting to wake up again.

	"Hmm... most peculiar," Grandfather said.  "To have so quick a
recovery after such a high fever."

	"He came down with it pretty quick as well," Tenchi said.  "It seemed
like he started to get sick just as I got to the door."

	Nobuyuki, Tenchi's father, knelt down beside the couch and dabbed the
man's forehead with a damp cloth.  "What did you say his name was?" he
asked.

	"Adam," replied Tenchi.

	"An American," Grandfather pointed out.

	"What a startling observation," Tenchi said blandly.

	"Uhh," Adam moaned as he moved his head around.  His eyes slowly
opened and quickly scanned the room as he furrowed his brown into a
frown.  "What happened?" he said slowly.

	"You fainted," Tenchi supplied quickly.  "I brought you inside and you
had a fever, you seem to be okay now though."

	Adam looked to the man beside him then towards the one standing beside
Tenchi.  He looked back to the one beside him before continuing.  "Let
me guess, you're Nobuyuki," he turned to the man beside Tenchi, "and
you're Yo—"

	The older man quickly shot him an angry glance and Adam suddenly felt
as if his life was in danger.  I've got to be careful, he thought to
himself.  If this what I think it is, then I know a lot more than they
think I do, but how much do I tell them?  I don't want to place myself
in danger, but I can't risk being outcast either.  I didn't see Ryouko
or Aeka around, so either they're out or I've arrived before they do. 
This is a high risks game, how am I going to play it?

	"Err," Adam continued after a slight pause.  "You must be Tenchi's
grandfather."

	As expected, he was confronted by a pair of confused glances and the
emotionless stare from Yous— no, Grandfather.  Replacing his frown with
a smile he added, "I heard you talking before."

	"So who are you, observant one?" Yousho asked, still with his
emotionless stare.

	"My name is Adam Leigh, I'm sorry to have caused you trouble, but I'm
sort of like a drifter, I guess having to sleep in that field yesterday
I caught a cold."

	"A drifter?" Nobuyuki asked.  "Aren't you kinda young for that?"

	"Well, I got outcast early."  That's not quite a lie, thought Adam. 
Getting stranded in another world could be considered outcast.  "I was
following that road for a while and came to your house, I was hoping
that you would have an extra room or something that I could shack-up in
for a while.  I'd be willing to make some sort of trade for it, all
I've got is American currency, but I could do work or something."

	That should work, Adam thought.  If I know my 'Tenchi Muyou'
correctly, they're pretty nice to strangers and if it's still just the
three of them, they shouldn't be against the idea of a few extra hands
to help do the daily chores in and around the house.

	"Well," Nobuyuki said in a somewhat cheerful manner.  "We do have a
lot of extra room in the house, and Tenchi here always needs more help
with the fields..."

	"Gee, thanks, Dad," Tenchi said slightly annoyed.

	"Perhaps," Grandfather added with a strange look on his face before
turning to leave the room.

	He doesn't trust me, thought Adam.  I almost slipped with his name and
now he knows I know than I'm telling.  I wonder what other effects my
presence will have on the Tenchi continuity, my ability to predict what
going to happen may lessen as time goes on and I continue to
contaminate the timeline.  Ugh, this could be hell.

	"I can work fields," Adam said trying to push his hand.  "I'm
versatile."  He tried to hold back the smile after quoting 'Groundhogs
Day.'

	"Well, what do you think Tenchi?" Nobuyuki said.  "Would you mind
help?"

	"Sure," Tenchi said enthusiastically.

	"I'm eternally grateful, sir," Adam tried to return to formalities. 
"I'll be sure to pull my weight around, I promise."

	Internally, he sighed, two less things to worry about while I figure
out what happened to me this morning.  As much as being here is fun, I
should try to figure out how to get back home before someone gets to
worrying ... assuming time is passing between our two worlds.  Wow, I'm
never going to get used to that term, our two worlds, as much as I
adore science fiction, I never *truly* believed I'd be living in it. 
Anyway, somehow, something brought me here and also gave me the ability
to understand and speak Japanese, although the process was quite
painful.

	"Tenchi," Nobuyuki interrupted his chain of thought.  "Show Adam to
one of the guest rooms."

	"Okay," Tenchi responded then waved his hand for Adam to follow him. 
"Come this way."

	Adam swung his legs off the couch and stood slowly, trying to keep his
balance after lying down for such a long time.  Eventually he was back
on his feet and following Tenchi up the staircase.

                                  -=-

	A shadowy figure stood on the bridge of his enormous ship before a
large, glowing, green globe.  He was slightly elevated off the deck,
floating a fixed distance away from the stand upon which the globe was
placed.  Beyond the globe, a short pudgy man dressed in red was
standing.  Beside him was an also red robot with a circular screen for
a head that was currently displaying a green line running up and down
across the monitor.

	The man bowed to the shadowy figure and spoke.  "Lord Kagato, are we
ready to proceed with the plans?  I have capture the Galaxy Police ship
as you have said necessary.  It is an admirable ship but nothing
compared to the Souja, why would want to use it instead?"

	"It is yours, Doctor Clay," Kagato spoke.  "It is the single most
powerful technologically created ship in the galaxy, the only ship that
could ever be good enough to be used by my associates.  As you have
said, it is nothing compared to the Souja, that is why I will remain on
this ship while you use that one to do what I have told you prior."

	"I am honored," Clay said, a small bit of contempt snuck into his
voice as he said it but he quickly tried to hide it.  "Then we are
ready to proceed?"

	"Yes, we have gathered the necessary pieces, it's time to put my plan
into motion."

	"Very good."  Clay turned to leave then stopped and turned back
around.  "We still have a deal, right?"

	"Of course, my good Doctor, when I have gotten Tsunami, you can have
Washuu.  You wouldn't think I would betray you, would you, Doctor?"

	"No, of course not, Lord Kagato."

	"Very well, go now."

	Clay waddled out of the bridge that looked more like a great hall than
the control room for a ship.  The tall doors opened for Clay as he
approached, and closed tight when he and his robot passed through.

	"Grr, I hate working with him," Clay snarled as soon as he was sure he
was far enough away from the bridge.  "Especially since he insists that
I call him 'Lord' Kagato.  Last person I called 'Lord' tried to cut my
head off for treason."

	"I, too, feel bad about the interactions with Lord Kagato," Zero
chimed in.  "His power level is far beyond those of many species in the
galaxy.  His power has only been rivaled by
High-Level-Dimensional-Beings such as D3."

	"All the more reason for him to feel little moral pressure about
betraying us or even killing us," said Clay.  "If only he didn't hold
Washuu captive..." he trailed off.  "No bother, we'll just have be
ready for any act of subterfuge he tries to perform.  Speaking of
which, what have you found out about the Souja?"

	"It appears to be in a high level of dimensional flux as a result of a
mixture of organic material from a multitude of dimensions, probably
why he doesn't consider it a 'technologically created' ship.  It also
appears to exist in two states."

	"Two states?"

	"The ship is caught between dimensions, creating a shadow of the ship
in a local power resident environment, like the ship has two sides. 
One in this dimension, the other, behind a one way power transfer
field, in another dimension."

	"Interesting, keep this information to report to the Lady the next
time we meet with her."

	"Yes, Doctor Clay."

	"Now, lets get to the Shunga."

                                  -=-

	For the next week, Tenchi slowly integrated Adam into the daily chores
in the Masaki household.  Working with Tenchi on the fields, Adam
learned the basics of farming and, with a bit of foresight, suggested
that Tenchi plant an extra amount of carrots this year.

	Tenchi was just as nice as Adam recalled him to be and Adam found, as
long as people were being nice to him, he had little reason not to be
nice as well.  It didn't take him long to overcome the skepticism that
had developed between himself and Grandfather, he just had to appear at
the right moments, do everything he was told, throw in a couple nice
statements (which he was finding he meant more often than not these
days) and generally be a good guy.

	He was enjoying himself a great deal until one day, a day that he knew
had to come eventually, the day everything would have to get a lot
tougher.  The day that Ryouko was released.

	The sun rose the same way it did every day the week before, bright and
reddish in the morning, rising over the edge of the mountain that
Grandfather's shrine was on, shooting its rays of light in through
Adam's window and blinding him as he awoke.  It all seemed the same on
the surface, but Adam had a strong, gut feeling, that the was going to
be different.

	"'Morning," Adam said to Nobuyuki as he came down the stairs.  Running
a hand through his rough hair, he walked to the refrigerator and poured
himself a glass of orange juice.

	"Good Morning, Adam," Nobuyuki said, briefly looking up from his
morning newspaper.  He was already dressed in his business clothes,
ready to head out to his job in a half hour or so.

	Adam came to the kitchen counter and sat beside him with his glass of
juice.  Drinking the whole thing in one gulp, he wiped his mouth with
his sleeve and looked around.

	"Where's Tenchi?" he asked.

	"Tenchi went up to the Shrine to work with Grandfather on something,"
Nobuyuki answered without looking up.

	"Pretty early for that, don't you think?"

	"Yeah, but why else would he be up there?"  Nobuyuki finished off his
cup of tea and looked at his watch.  "I better get going or I'll be
late."  He put his cup in the sink and picked up his bag before
stopping and looking over at Adam.  "You should come with me."

	Adam's eyes widened as he jerked his head towards Nobuyuki.  "What?"
he asked.

	"You've been wearing those clothes for a week, I know you've been
washing them, but still, if I'm going into the city I could drop you
off for while you pick up some clothes."

	"I guess so, I admit I could use a wider variety of clothing."

	"Still have that yen I got exchanged for you?"

	"Yeah, I haven't really had a chance to spend it anywhere."

	"Well," Nobuyuki smiled.  "Come on then, I'll take you."

	"Okay," Adam surrendered and followed Nobuyuki out of the kitchen.

                                  -=-

	Tenchi stood by the gate blocking the entrance into the Masaki family
shine cave.  The large iron gate held closed by a fresh looking steel
lock.  Tenchi's hands shook as held the key up and inserted it into the
lock and was greeted by a resounding click then a loud thud as the lock
fell to the ground.

	Tenchi had always wanted to know what was really in the cave.  His
grandfather had told him a multitude of stories about it when he was
little, all concerning an evil demon locked inside by an ancient
ancestor of his named Yousho.  It all seemed very outrageous, and
Tenchi wanted to know the truth once and for all.

	He walked down the long cave until he came to an open chamber where
the path ended at a large stone wall with a crack running down the
center of it.  In front of the wall was a stone with some sort of a
holy seal written upon it, guarding it from the 'creatures of the sky.'
 Shortly off to the side was a miniature house made of wood, resting on
top of a stone.  One of the two doors that made up one side of the
house was slightly ajar and a light was seeping out of it.

	Curious, he walked over to the house and pulled open the two doors
revealing a small room inside with the wooden hilt of a sword with
three gems in the bottom.  Reaching in, he grabbed the hilt and slowly
pulled it out of the house...

                                  -=-

	Adam dropped the hanger he was holding onto the floor of the store he
was in.  A sharp pain struck like lightning in his stomach and he
doubled over in pain.  He started breathing shallowly and he glanced
around the store to see if anyone had seen him collapse.

	What's happening to me, he thought though the piercing pain.  He
closed his eyes and clenched his fists when suddenly images started
appearing in his mind, flashes of Tenchi walking towards the cave,
standing in the chamber, and reaching for the sword.  The visions ended
in a flash as the tip of the rusted sword left the confines of the
wooden house.

	The pain quickly subsided and Adam got to his feet again, picking up
the hanger on the way.  Placing the article of clothing back onto the
hook it came from, he wiped his brow with the sleeve of his shirt to
find that he had been sweating profusely.

	Ryouko has been released, he thought to himself.  But why is this
bothering me so, what has caused me to be linked to Tenchi like this? 
Nothing makes sense anymore.

                                  -=-

	When Nobuyuki and Adam returned to the house that evening, everything
looked as it had when they left.  Dinner was served at the same time it
always had, the same types of conversations occurred as normal, nothing
seemed out of the ordinary.  But Adam knew Tenchi had released Ryouko
by accident, and he knew it was only a matter of time before she came
looking for him.

	Eventually, Adam got around to asking Tenchi if he had been in the
cave.  His response was the quickest retelling of the events that Adam
had ever heard, but it seemed to relieve Tenchi that he had told
someone else, he apparently didn't like keeping it all to himself. 
Adam neither confirmed or denied his story, trying to keep events as he
had seen them in the show, but inside he knew this would only be
followed by Ryouko's attack and eventually Aeka's.

	His speculations were confirmed when, three nights later, he found
Tenchi running out from the forest with the hilt in his hand screaming
about some demon.  Apparently, Tenchi had been late tending to the
crops and fell asleep in the fields.  When he woke up he was attacked
by some flying woman and only barely escaped death when the hilt of the
sword he was carrying around suddenly came to life and parried the
shots Ryouko was using on him.  The glowing beam of the sword took
control and, in the fight, he cut off her hand causing her to lose all
her powers.

	To anyone else, the story would have seemed like it came from a
madman, but since Adam had seen it before, he understood completely and
tried to ease Tenchi's tense feelings.  They walked back to the house
quietly, Tenchi refusing to let go of the sword in case the demon came
back to attack him.

	When they got back to the house, Tenchi went up to his room while Adam
went to the kitchen to get him a cup of tea.  Tenchi was still a little
tense, but it was only natural after being attacked by a demon.  Adam
quickly made some green tea and brought it upstairs.

	He was about to open the door to his room when he heard yelling on the
other side.  Placing the tray down, he moved closer to the door to hear
what was going on.

	"No way, I'm keeping them, they're mine!" Tenchi said.

	"No you stupid, I meant the gems on your sword," a voice that could
only be Ryouko replied.

	Adam chuckled, hearing that line in real life was certainly funnier
than in the show.  Deciding that it would be better to be in the action
than on the sidelines, he slid open the door to the surprise of both
Tenchi and Ryouko.  Adam tried to look shocked when he saw Ryouko.

	"Who!? ... you must be Ryouko," Adam said with a bit of dramatic
flair.

	"Yeah, and who are you?" Ryouko snapped back.

	"My name's Adam," he said with a bow.  "A guest in this house, and
you're making quite a racket out here."

	"Yeah, well, it'll be nothing compared to the racket that she'll cause
when she finds us."

	"She?" Tenchi asked neviously.

	Ryouko looked to Tenchi and threw herself around him.  "Ooh, Tenchi,"
she said in a saddened voice.  "She's an evil person, ruthless, and she
attacks at will without thinking about the consequences.  The only way
to save us is if you give me those gems."

	"The gems are the source of your power, aren't they?" Adam asked.

	"Yes," Ryouko said nuzzling her face into Tenchi's chest.  "I need
them so much to save us."

	"I'm sure," Tenchi said.

	"That's not a nice way to describe—" Adam's sentence was cut off when
the house suddenly shook from some close by explosion.  Tenchi and
Ryouko were thrown to the floor and Adam was tossed into the door and
eventually through.

	"What the hell was that?" Adam said from the hall.  He wiped his
forehead to find blood coming from some gash close to his hairline.  He
stared at the blood, frozen in fear.  For the first time since he
arrived here, he realized the implications of what was to come.  He
wasn't just a quipping advisor or a watcher, he could actually get hurt
or die for being too close to the action.  He didn't want to die.

	Ryouko jumped off of Tenchi and stuck her head though the, closed
window, for some reason, it didn't break because of it.  She looked up,
expecting to see the ship of her adversary, but when the blood drained
from her face, Adam knew something was seriously wrong.

	"What happened?" Tenchi asked pulling himself off the floor and
lumbering towards the window.

	"Someone just fire a shot into the forest," she said slowly without
emotion.

	"Was it that woman you talked about," Adam asked hopefully holding his
forehead, he knew that if it was Aeka, he didn't have much to worry
about.

	"I don't know who it is," Ryouko replied.  Adam moved to the window
and looked up into the sky to see the giant form of a ship he never
expected to see at this time.  It took up the entire sky, shining
spotlights all over the area, several focused on the house and the
shrine.  The front of the ship was shaped like the bust of a woman, her
long hair crowning the ship in a circlet of metal.

	"The Shunga," Adam said weakly.

	A flash of light lit up the room for a second then died down.  The
three turned to see some sort of robot, red in color, standing in the
center of the room.  It looked at all three of them before staring at
Ryouko, if you can call it staring when you don't have a face.

	"Ryouko," the robot said. "You will come with me to see Doctor Clay." 
It then turned to face Tenchi, "You will also come, keeper of the
sword."

	Ryouko dropped into defensive stance, placing herself between Tenchi
and the Robot.  "I'm not going anywhere, and you're certainly not
taking Tenchi."

	"Come with me peacefully, or I will force you to come."

	"Then it looks like we have a fight on our hands."

	"What does Doctor Clay want with them, Zero?" Adam said defiantly. 
The Robot quickly turned to face Adam, surprised that he knew it's
name, then quickly moved back a few feet in defense.

	"Dimensional being," Zero said in surprise.  "Who are you?"

	"I..." Adam started the lost his words.  From everything that was
happening, if he said the wrong things, he could end up killed.  Zero
was afraid of Tokimi, and considered Dimensional beings very strong, so
if she had confused Adam for one of them, he could use that to his
advantage.  He summed up his strength to try to seem intimidating. 
"I'm Adam, and you're not taking them anywhere until you tell me why
you want them."

	"Impossible," Zero said.  "Conditions will not be accepted, you all
will surrender at once."

	There's fear in her voice as well, Adam thought.  This is a game of
bluffs.  Tenchi and Ryouko could take Zero if they double teamed her,
but the Shunga could nuke the entire island of Japan from orbit if
ordered.

	"Make us," Ryouko snarled at the robot.  Zero stared at Ryouko while
everyone else stared at her back.  Eternity passed before there was
another flash of light and Zero was gone.

	"It's gone," Tenchi stated breathing a sigh of relief.

	"We don't have a lot of time," Adam said quickly, possibilities
running through his head like wildfire.  "Ryouko, do you think you
could get us out of here with Ryo-ohki?"

	"How do you know abou—" Ryouko started.

	"Can you do it?!" Adam yelled back.

	"Yeah ... yes, if I had the gems I could I mean."  Ryouko looked to
Tenchi.  Adam nodded and walked over to him.

	"Tenchi," Adam said grabbing Tenchi's arm that was holding the sword. 
"Point the hilt towards Ryouko and will her to have one, and I repeat,
ONE of the gems."

	"Just one?" Ryouko whined. "I need—"

	"Just one, Tenchi," Adam cut her off.  "Ryouko will do the rest.
Understand?"

	"Yeah, I think I do," replied Tenchi doing as Adam asked.  Adam turned
to Ryouko who looked rather hurt.

	"Sorry Ryouko, you only need one gem to summon Ryo-ohki.  We don't
have a lot of time, please, help us along."

	Ryouko said nothing but moved over to Tenchi and placed her hands in
the air around the sword hilt.  She closed her eyes as one of the gems
on the hilt began to glow.  The gem turned white before disappearing
then reappearing attached to Ryouko's wrist, returning to it's original
color.

	Ryouko flexed her hand before raising it up in the air and calling out
for Ryo-ohki.  While she was summoning her ship Tenchi walked over to
Adam and tapped him on the shoulder.

	"What's going on?" he asked softly.

	"There isn't much time to explain, but I'm not from around these
parts," said Adam.

	"What do you mean?"

	"I came from world very similar to this one, in another dimension. 
It's a few years in the future there as well, and I thought things
would happen the same in this world as they did in mine, but I was
wrong.  Ryouko is summoning her ship, Ryo-ohki, who's going to try to
take us off the planet and get us away from Doctor Clay.  Hopefully
he'll leave this place alone and purse us, so we won't endanger anyone
else."  He sighed.  "The only hope I can think of is if we find the
Princess Aeka, or perhaps if we can get to the Galaxy Police."

	A loud cry was heard off in the distance and Ryouko turned to face
Tenchi and Adam.  "Ryo-ohki is coming."

	"We need to get far away from here," Adam said, regaining his
commanding posture.  "We'll have to stay out of sight for a while since
Ryouko's warrant for arrest probably doesn't expire for a day or so,
unless things are happening differently here than I remember."

	"Warrant for arrest? How come I'm not surprised?" Tenchi asked.

	"It wasn't her fault, Tenchi," Adam quickly supplied.  "She was under
the influence of other forces, but that's not important right now.  We
need to move, if you will, Ryouko."

	Ryouko nodded and almost directly after the room was filled with a red
light.  It grew in intensity until they could see nothing but red
around them, then, as quickly as it appeared, the light died down and
they three of them were standing on the bridge of Ryo-ohki.  Ryouko
quickly moved over to the only seat and placed her hands on the control
modules.  The ship quickly shot off into the sky, arcing around the
Shunga, and into space.

	Tenchi looked a bit uneasy but seemed all right, Adam moved over to
Ryouko to look at the tactical diagrams being displayed on the twenty
foot tall monitor that wrapped around the entire bridge.  Shortly after
Ryo-ohki left the confines of Earth orbit, the Shunga was in pursuit at
an alarming velocity.

	"He's gaining on us!" Adam yelled.

	"I see that," Ryouko yelled back moving the ship into a new heading
and attempting to increase the speed.  "We're not a match for that ship
in firepower, if anything we'll have to avoid it in maneuverability."

	Adam rushed over to the back of the bridge and looked out at the
Shunga following them.  "We're never going to outrun them," he
murmured.  "I just wish I knew what was going to happen so I could be
the wiser."

	"If you would just give me the rest of the gems we might stand a
chance," Ryouko said over her shoulder.  She suddenly jerked to the
side and spun the ship off to port just in time to miss a large green
bolt of energy.  "They're firing at us."

	"What's that?" Tenchi said suddenly pointing to the front.  Ryouko
looked up quickly and squinted her eyes.  The monitor grew larger and
showed a large conglomerate of ships moving from ahead.  The display
showed them to be of assorted styles and sizes, but moving as a group
towards them.

	Adam ran over and looked up at the display.  "It's the Galaxy Police
fleet!" he yelled.

	"Shit," Ryouko said.  "Now we have to deal with them as well?"

	"No," Adam said suddenly.  "Look at their heading," he pointed to the
blue line coming from the center of the fleet.  It passed Ryo-ohki by
millimeters but ran right through the Shunga.  "They're after the
Shunga.  It was stolen from them and they probably want it back."

	"Can we use them to escape?" Tenchi asked.

	Ryouko moved the controls in her hands, "They'll provide the
distraction..."

	"And we'll just shoot right through the center," Adam finished for
her.  "But we don't want to get fried in the process," he added.  "Can
you send a message to the fleet?"

	"Yes," Ryouko said as she maneuvered the ship to avoid another shot
from the Shunga.

	"Patch me through," Adam said with a smile.  Ryouko hesitantly did so.
 "Attention fleet.  This is the Galaxy Police ship Yagami.  We're being
pursued by the captors of the Shunga and need assistance.  We have the
Commissioner's daughter Mihoshi and we need to take her to him.  Please
provide cover!"  He made a motion for Ryouko to cut the signal.  "Now I
hope that they'll believe me over their sensor readings."

	"The fleet is changing course," Ryouko said shortly after.  "They're
separating into two groups with a clean channel down the center.  It
seems to have worked."

	"Great!" Adam said exuberantly.  "Take us through."

	"I am, I am," Ryouko said moving the control forward.

	The ship shot spun to avoid another shot then gunned through the
center of the fleet as they engaged the Shunga.  Under the sheer number
of GP ships, the Shunga was forced to slow down to engage in combat
with them.  The battle was long, but grossly uneven with the Shunga
having the advantage.  When the last remaining GP ship had fled, the
Shunga returned to it's course, but by that time, Ryo-ohki was long
since gone.

                                  -=-

	Adam slept in the corner of the bridge curled in a ball to keep warm. 
Ryouko was immune to the vacuum and the sheer coldness of space so the
bridge was never too warm, just warm enough as to be able to take
people from one place to another on occasion.  Right now it was about
fifty degrees on the bridge, despite Ryouko's attempts at making it
hotter, which meant it was about twenty degrees away from the
temperature Adam normally slept at.  But eventually he fell asleep,
although the quality of sleep was another question.

	Tenchi walked around while Ryouko continued to fly Ryo-ohki.  It had
been several hours since they barely escaped from the Shunga thanks to
the Galaxy Police, but they still had little idea of where to go next. 
Adam suggested that they go to Jurai, but that seemed like suicide to
Ryouko, so they've been shooting around the Galaxy for a while.

	"What do you think, Ryouko?" Tenchi asked, breaking the silence. 
"What should we do next?"

	"I don't know, Tenchi," Ryouko said softly.  "I don't have anyplace to
go, I've been locked in that cave for seven hundred years, things have
changed."

	"What happened about that?  Why did Yousho seal you in the cave?"

	"It's a long story, Tenchi.  Seven hundred years ago, Kagato had me
under his control, I was forced to do everything he asked of me, and he
asked me to attack Jurai."  Ryouko leaned back in the chair.

	"I attacked like I was commanded, destroyed most of the buildings,
devastated their fragile ecosystem, generally decimating the planet. 
It was terrible, but I couldn't help it, I wasn't able to defy Kagato. 
My attack continued until I was almost at the heart of the capitol,
where they kept the Royal Life Tree Tsunami.  That was when Yousho came
to stop me.

	"You see, Yousho was a prince of Jurai, the heir to the throne, and he
had under his command, the Tenchi-ken, Funaho's master key.  His tree
was powerful and the sword gave him the power to stop my attacks.  But
he followed me all the way to Earth, where we had our final battle.  He
took my three power gems and placed them in the hilt of his sword. 
Then he sealed me away, into the cave, for what he hoped was all
eternity."

	"Whatever happened to Kagato?" Tenchi asked.

	"I don't know.  I suppose he's still around somewhere, but I hope I
never encounter him."

                                  -=-

	Adam stood on a small rock, surrounded by endless, glimmering water. 
A faint fog was rising from parts of the water, rising into the air
before dissipating into the blackness that was the sky.  There was no
moon, no stars, no sign of land or civilization, but there was an eerie
light coming from somewhere.

	He looked down into the water to see the reflection of a woman with
long blue hair dressed in robes.  He quickly glanced upward but could
not find the source of the reflection.  Looking back down, he saw that
she was speaking something, mouthing words he couldn't hear.

	"What are you saying?" he said into the abyss, his words echoing off
walls unseen.  "Who are you?"

	"She," came a voice, startling Adam into almost falling into the
water.  "is the spirit of the Jurai Tree of Life, Tsunami."  Adam
looked up from the water to see a woman floating above the surface with
long, dark green hair, wine red eyes, and holding a large staff shaped
like a key.  She was dressed in a Sailor Fuku that had highlights of
dark purple.

	"Are you..." his voice said coarsely before it went dry.  Adam had
dreamed of such a moment occurring but now it was really here, he just
couldn't believe it was true.  He swallowed and tried again.  "Are you,
Sailor Pluto?"

	"Yes," Pluto responded.  "Surprised?"

	"Eternally," Adam said refusing to blink his eyes, afraid she might go
away if he did.  "Are you why Zero called me a 'dimensional being'?"

	"Zero called you a dimensional being because you a being from another
dimension," Pluto said.  "She had no knowledge that you couldn't move
between dimensions at will, that you were brought here by another."

	"How was I brought here?"

	"That's complicated, and time is very short.  If you ever want to
return to your own dimension, you'll have to do what I say."

	"I'm not sure I want to leave, now that I know you are here."

	"That is always your option, but regardless, your presence has changed
the course of events drastically."

	"I've noticed that, Doctor Clay arrived way before even Aeka did. 
Hell, he got here before Washuu did, why is he here?"

	"I can't tell you that, it will disrupt the balance of the unification
theory."

	"The unification theory?" Adam asked. "As in physics?"

	"Not quite, like I said, it's complicated and you don't have time."

	"Okay, okay, so what do you want me to do?  I'm just a normal, run of
the mill human, I have no where near the power of the beings around
me."

	"The power of ingenuity is greater than any supernatural one, just ask
Washuu that."

	"If I ever meet her, I will.  But is that all I have going for me?"

	"No, there are a few abilities you've acquired, but I cannot tell you
what they are, you'll have to discover them for yourself."

	"Somehow, I'm not surprised at that."

	"You know me well."

	Adam shook his head, momentarily glancing back at the image of Tsunami
in the water.  "Okay, tell me what to do."

	"Kagato is trying to capture Tsunami.  He's got Aeka and Sasami as
hostage to bring Tsunami out, and he needs Ryouko's gems to capture
her."

	"He already has Aeka and Sasami?" Adam asked confused.  "But isn't
Sasami..."

	"He doesn't know that, and if he brings his plan about, it won't take
him long to figure it out."

	"All right, so I've got to stop this somehow?"

	"Yes."

	"Then I can leave?"

	"I never said that," Pluto said while moving her staff in a circular
motion.  The air around the tip starting to glow.  Soon, the mist faded
as well as the water until it was just Adam and Pluto standing in
darkness.  Adam sighed again at what he was going to have to do.  As
much as he adored Pluto, dealing with her was as painful as he
predicted it would have been.

                                  -=-

	Adam awoke with a start, sitting up suddenly as the deck pitched
towards him.  The sleeping form of Tenchi slid across the deck as
Ryouko scrambled up to her chair.  Adam braced himself against the
corner and tried to climb up the deck, stopping to slap Tenchi's form
to wake him up.

	Adam grabbed onto the side of the chair when he finally reached it. 
"Kagato?" he asked Ryouko.

	The deck leveled out and the monitor changed to show the huge form of
the Souja approaching.  "Kagato," Ryouko affirmed.

	"Hang hard to port," Adam yelled.  "Turn away from him!"

	Ryouko pitched the ship to the side and spun around just in time to
see the Shunga enter the system.

	"Holy fuck!" Adam exclaimed, his old habits returning.  "Double
trouble."

	The ship spun again, this time under the fire from the Souja.  Losing
his grip on the chair, Adam fell back and slid across the deck into the
struggling form of Tenchi.  They both hit the back monitor with a thud.

	Adam looked up at the monitor behind him.  "We're never going to get
out of here, there's nothing to save us this time."

	"I see that!" Ryouko yelled back scornfully.  She leveled the deck
again, resetting the artificial gravity.  Tenchi and Adam scrambled
over to her.  "I'm not surrendering."

	"You must," Adam said suddenly.

	Ryouko looked back at him with shock.  "Are you crazy?  I'd rather die
than—"

	"I wouldn't!" Adam yelled.  "I doubt Tenchi would too.  There's no way
to get out of this without surrendering or dying.  If we surrender, we
have a chance to escape later, if we die, there's no second chance.  I
know what Kagato did to you, and I know all you want to do it destroy
him, but don't destroy us in the process.

	Ryouko looked at Adam then at Tenchi as if waiting for some retort
from him.  When he got none, Ryouko sighed and slowed Ryo-ohki to a
stop.  "Patch me through to the Souja," Adam said.  Ryouko nodded as
she did it.

	"This is Adam, on Ryo-ohki," he began then sighed.  "There isn't much
of a chance I could convince you to withdraw, is there?"

	The large face of Kagato appeared onscreen.  He adjusted his small
speckles as he spoke.  "No," he said a matter-of-factly.  "But I'll
entertain pleas if it'll make you feel better."

	"You're hilarious, Kagato," Adam quipped.

	"I try," Kagato replied dryly.

	"So do I.  I'm ordering you to release the Princess Aeka and her
sister Sasami into our care or face the eventual repercussions."

	"Now that's funny."

	"I'm serious," said Adam flatly.  "You have a choice.  The
repercussions I speak of may not be apparent yet, but they will come to
you if you do not release us and give us the princesses."

	"A very interesting proclamation," Kagato replied.  "But it is nothing
more than that.  You have no means to execute such a threat.  Prepare
to be brought aboard."

	"It's your choice, Kagato, I hope you've made the right one."

	"I assure you, I did."  The connection closed and his face finally
disappeared.  Adam slammed his fist into the palm of his hand and
cursed.

	"Are you trying to get us killed?" Ryouko yelled at Adam.

	"Kagato wants you alive," Adam said pacing about the bridge.  "Unless
we are threatening his life by attacking him, he'll want to capture
us."

	"I hope you're right and he doesn't decide to fry us in spite," Ryouko
added.

                                  -=-

	"Somehow," Adam said as he was pushed into the brightly lit room, "I
expected a dank and dark cell with dripping ceilings and small
creatures running about."

	Tenchi was pushed in afterwards and the sliding door was locked shut. 
The room was about twelve by fourteen feet, with benches jutting from
the white walls, and solid gray colored decking.  The door they entered
from was in the corner of one of the twelve foot walls.

	"Who are you?" came a small voice from the opposite corner of the
cell.  The young woman was sitting on one of the benches next to a
younger girl who was curled up beside her sleeping.  The woman had long
purplish hair and wearing a complicated set of robes while the girl had
long cyan colored hair in two ponytails behind her and wearing a
jumpsuit of sorts.

	"Are you the Princess Aeka?" Adam asked even though he knew the
answer.

	"Yes," she replied.  "But who are you?  Are you from Jurai?"

	"No, my name is Adam Leigh, I'm from Earth."

	"Earth?" Aeka said curiously.  "Have Earthlings discovered space
travel in the years I've been in hibernation?"

	"Not quite," he said.  "They've entered orbit, but nothing beyond
that.  No, we came here with Ryouko."

	"Ryouko?" she said questioningly.  "Ryouko?!" she repeated in a
scornful tone.  "That spaceborne wench is still around?!  I just knew
she would cause trouble!  Violating the non-interference clause! How
dare she!"

	"Calm down, princess!" Adam tried to say over her ranting with no
avail.  He looked to Tenchi who shrugged in response.

	"Aeka?" a smaller voice said.  Aeka stopped her yelling and looked
down to Sasami who was starting to get up.  "What's going on?"

	"Oh, I'm sorry Sasami," Aeka said tenderly.  "I was just talking with
Adam and ... uh, I'm sorry I don't know your name."

	"Allow me," Adam said to Tenchi, then turned to Aeka and bowed to
introduce Tenchi.  "May I present Tenchi Masaki, of Earth ...
Descendent of Yousho of Jurai."

	Aeka's eyes widened.  "You're a descendent of my brother Prince
Yousho?"

	"Uhh," Tenchi fumbled.  "Yeah, I guess I am."

	"Do you know where Yousho is?" Aeka quickly asked.  "I've been
searching for him for the last seven hundred years."

	"Uh, I think he died, a long time ago."

	Aeka turned pale and slid off the bench onto her knees.  "Dead?" she
said aghast.  Tenchi quickly moved over to her.

	"Are you alright, Princess Aeka?" he asked.

	"I can't believe he's dead," she said quietly.  "I've been searching
for so long for him, only to find that he's been dead seven hundred
years after I began."

	"I'm sorry Princess," he said softly.  "Hey, he might not be dead, I
don't know.  I didn't know your people lived so long, maybe he just
left after sealing Ryouko into the cave."

	"It's okay, Tenchi, if he's dead I have to accept it."

	"I'm sorry to interrupt," Adam said suddenly.  "But we have a slight
problem that needs to be tended to immediately."

                                  -=-

	"I've done my part, Kagato," Doctor Clay said following Kagato to the
bridge of the Souja.  "Now give me Washuu!"

	"You are in no position to make demands, Doctor," Kagato said.  "I
have no time to deal with your fetishes."

	"Fetish!?" Clay exclaimed.  "How dare you?  My interest in Washuu is
for her knowledge and her experience, I have no dealings with her in
the fields of ... sexuality."

	"Please, this is a waste of my time," snapped Kagato.  "Get back on
your ship and get away from here before I decide I can do things easier
without you."

	Clay stopped in mid-step, shaking in anger.  "Do not be small with me,
Kagato."  Kagato turned around to stare back at Clay.  "I'll be back
for Washuu, and if I don't get her, I'll take her by force."

	Kagato suddenly dashed forward and grabbed Clay by his collar, lifting
him off the ground.  His green blade appeared in his hand and he held
it inches from Clay's neck.  "I am being gracious with *you*, Clay, not
the other way around.  If you outlive your usefulness I will dispose of
you."

	Clay swallowed but said nothing until Kagato released him to the floor
and walked off towards his bridge.  Clay, still shaking, turned and ran
off down the hall.

	Kagato pushed open the doors to his bridge and was instantly greeted
by a snarl from Ryouko.  She was being suspended in a large hourglass
by a reddish sand that held her arms at her sides but allowed her to
move her head.  She struggled again against the sand when Kagato got
closer to her.

	"Is that all you have to say to me, my dear creation?" Kagato said
looking up at the hourglass.  "You know, years of research went into
your creation. Years of my life going into the failure of a creature
you are.  Such a shame."

	"I am not your creation!" Ryouko yelled back at him.  "I am a living
person, I have feelings!"

	Kagato chuckled to himself.  "Yes, and in the vast expanse of space
emotions amount to little more than dust."

	"Enough poetry, why the hell have you done this to me?  What do you
want?"

	"Isn't it obvious?" Kagato asked with a smile.  "I want you to
complete the task you were originally designed to do.  Help me capture
the Royal Jurai Tree of Life, Tsunami."

	"I'll never help you," Ryouko yelled back.

	"Yes you will, even if you don't right now, you will someday."

	"I'll forever work against you."

	"Such dreams are far from reality, Ryouko, especially now that I have
this."  Kagato reached into his robes and pulled out a polished wooden
box with a hinged top.  Displaying it so Ryouko could see, he lifted
the lid to show the Tenchi-ken, lying in the velvet lined box, with the
two gems shown on top.  "With all three gems in my possession, I have
enough power to capture Tsunami, let alone control you.  But first..."
He slammed the box lid shut and stuffed it back into his robes.  "How
is it that boy can hold the sword?  Even I cannot touch the thing with
my hands."

	Ryouko cackled loudly, "Can't you see it in him?  Can't you tell from
the power in his veins, the energy in his eyes?  He's a prince, a
prince of Jurai.  Yousho's only remaining descendent."

	"Yousho?" Kagato clarified with scorn in his voice.

	"Of course you know he's still alive?  He's just been waiting on Earth
to cause you more trouble.  Surely you didn't think you were rid of
him?"

	Kagato turned to the glowing green globe in the center of the bridge
and moved over to it.  Placing his hands over the sphere, the Souja
suddenly turned and sped off into space.

	"What have you done?" Ryouko asked.

	"I'm going to Earth, to take care of Yousho once and for all.  If I
have to destroy the entire planet to get to him, so be it!"

                                  -=-

	Tenchi, Aeka, Sasami, and Adam crawled through a small air vent above
the cell they were being held in.  Tenchi had suggested it rather
jokingly before they ran out of other options and decided to see if the
vent was loose.  To their luck it was and they quickly climbed into it
and out of the cell.  The only problem was that they had no real idea
of where they were going since ever corridor looked alike they had no
way to know which ones would take them out and which ones will put them
deeper into the maze.

	Early on they decided that instead of arguing over every twist and
turn, whoever was in front would make the decision whenever he or she
got to it.  In theory it would save them valuable time, but in
practice, all it did was get them further lost.  Unsure of the passage
of time, they emerged either several minutes or several hours later
into another room.

	This room was darker than the cell they were in, and filled with all
sorts of gadgetry filling the darkness with multicolored lights from
buttons, switches, and diodes.  In the center of the room was a large
crystal, from floor to ceiling, slightly frosted but the silhouette of
a person could be made out in the middle of it.

	"This place is scary, Tenchi," Sasami said, clinging to Tenchi's arm.

	"Yeah, this place looks as if it's out of some fifties B-movie," Adam
concurred.  His eye was caught on the large crystal in the center of
the room however and it didn't take him long for his wondering to get
to action.  "I wonder what's inside of that," he said before quickly
moving towards it.

	"Be careful," Tenchi said as he watched from afar.

	Adam approached the crystal cautiously, trying to look at it from all
angles before getting too close.  Eventually he stepped up to the
crystal and almost put his face against it to see.  "There's definitely
something in there," he said, squinting his eyes to get a clearer
picture.  "It's too blurry to make out who or gender."

	"Why don't we just leave it alone and move on?" Aeka suggested but was
unable to break Adam's fixation.  He moved a bit closer and rose a hand
and placed it on the crystal.

	"It feels warm somehow," he said.  "And cool at the same time.  I
think this is condensation. I'll just rub it off."  He slid his hand
down the side of the crystal, his rough hand vibrating off the smooth,
but angled crystal surface.  The crystal began to make a shrill note in
response to Adam's rubbing, getting quickly louder.

	Adam quickly jumped away, over exaggerating his motion to pull his
hand away from the crystal.  Even after he moved away, however, the
crystal continued to make the note even louder until it got to the
point that a few of the lights on the walls and the gadgets began to
break.  Adam clutched his ears to try to keep out the noise but it did
little.  Tenchi, Aeka, and Sasami did the same to no avail.

	The note reached colossal levels causing the crystal itself to begin
to shake violently until a large crack appeared down the center,
buffering the vibrating and causing the noise to stop.  Adam tried to
clear his ears and swallow as he looked up at the crystal.  "What was
that?" he said before the entire crystal suddenly shattered into a
million pieces, throwing shards of it all over the room knocking Adam
onto the floor for being too close.

	When the shards were done flying Adam opened his eyes to see a woman
standing where the crystal had been.  She was dressed in a black
uniform silhouetted by a large flock of red hair that cascaded to the
ground.  She opened her green eyes to look down at Adam, below her.

	"That," she started.  "Was a high frequency note that oscillated at
just the right frequency to shatter the crystal I had been trapped in. 
Your method of creating the note was rather risky, but I thank you for
doing so."

	Adam blinked and scrambled to his feet.  "I'm Adam," he said then
turned to the rest of his party.  "And this is Tenchi, Princess Aeka,
and Princess Sasami."

	"Pleased to meet you," she said.  "My name's Washuu, and I'm the
greatest scientific mind in the universe.  I've been trapped in that
crystal by Kagato for thousands of years, I thank you for letting me
free."

	"Uhh.. no problem," Tenchi said sheepishly.

	"Now, where is my daughter?" she said.  "I can feel her near."

	"Your ... daughter?" asked Aeka.  "Who is your daughter?"

	"Why Ryouko of course!" Washuu exclaimed.

	"She's with Kagato," Adam said casually.  "Wherever he is on this
ship."

	"You're Ryouko's mother?" asked Tenchi.

	"Well, sort of," she said.  "You see, I've created many things in my
laboratory, Ryo-ohki, Souja, Ryouko, but I used my own ovum when I
created her so I consider her my daughter more than a creation.  But
now that Kagato has her, I don't know what my former student will do. 
We must get to her, and if I know Kagato, he hardly ever leaves the
bridge of this ship, so it is there we must go!"

	"Not quite, Washuu," came the gruff voice of Doctor Clay from the
doorway to the room they were in.  He was holding a rather large gun
and had Zero standing beside him.  "I'm afraid I'll have to interrupt
your reunion.  You're coming with me."

	"Doctor Clay, I presume," said Adam.  "Only you would be walking
around with Zero on such a tight leash."

	"Quite observant, boy, unfortunately I am not as easily scared as my
robotic companion here.  Unlike her, I still see you, not some high
level dimensional being."

	"Doctor Clay," Washuu said slowly.  "After all these years, you're
still the same octopus head you've always been.  Who's pulling your
strings now? Kagato?"

	"No," Clay said with a drall.  "I'm sick of my dealings with Kagato, I
only used him to get you, so if you just come with me, I'll be able to
conclude my agreement with him."

	"Never, Clay," Washuu said sharply.

	"Oh no?" Clay said moments before Zero suddenly dashed into the room
and leaped beyond Washuu, grabbing her from behind.  Clay rose his gun
and pulled the trigger firing off a bolt of blue energy.  As the icy
ray discharged from the gun, Adam leaped towards Washuu, grabbing her
and knocking her off to the side managing only to catch a bit of the
beam with his foot before it came careening into Zero, sealing her into
a block of blue ice.

	"Drat!" Clay exclaimed as he brought the gun to bear again.  Washuu
got up and moved away as the second shot came through and stuck the
ground near Adam's head.  Alarmed, he pushed himself away and ended up
sliding on the now slick ground right towards Clay.  He was stopped
when Clay stepped on his back, knocking the wind out of his lungs.  As
he struggled to catch his breath, Clay pointed the gun at Adam's head,
point-blank range.

	"Come with me, Washuu, or I turn his head into a million frozen pieces
of brain," Clay threatened.  Adam gasped for air and Clay drove the
butt of the gun into the back of his head causing his chin to hit the
deck rather hardly.  "Don't mess with me Washuu, I have little care for
this ignoramus' health."

	"All right," Washuu said after a few moments of silence.  She placed
her hands behind her back and bowed her head.  "Don't kill him."

	"I'm glad you see things my way," Clay said reaching into his pocket
and pulling out a device with a single button on it.  Pressing the
button, he, Washuu, and the block of ice that was once Zero,
disappeared in a couple flashes of colored light.

	"God Dammit!" Adam yelled as he tried to push himself up but only
managed to slip on ice and fall to the ground again.  "When is
something going to go right?!"

                                  -=-

	"Let me introduce to you a little experiment of mine," Kagato said in
his sickening voice, at least it was sickening for Ryouko having to
listen to it for the last half hour.  A large portion of one of the
wall became transparent and a view of the Earth appeared in it.  A
large pair of cross hairs were superimposed on top of it.  "An accurate
shot from the main gun should easily turn this planet into rubble. 
Lets see if I'm correct?"

	A low humming noise echoed through the ship as the main gun began
powering up it's shot.  Kagato began to laugh as the charge entered
it's final stages, causing Ryouko to struggle in her sand again.  "Lets
see the end of the Earth!" Kagato called out.

	"Aha! The bridge!" a voice called out from the other side of the hall.
 Kagato looked over in a brief moment of surprise to see Adam, Tenchi
and Aeka standing in the doorway.  Adam was being held up by Tenchi as
his foot was still slightly frozen.

	"The bridge?  This looks like an art museum," Adam commented as his
eyes locked onto Kagato.  "Kagato!" he screamed.

	"Tenchi!" Ryouko called out from her hourglass.

	"Ryouko!" Tenchi called back.

	"You're all too late!" Kagato yelled over the now loud hum of the main
gun.  "FIRE!"

	The gun ports of the Souja all fired at once to a point just in front
of the ship creating a large spherical ball of energy before a final
gun fired from behind and shot the ball towards the Earth.  The bolt
left a green trail behind it as it arced towards the third planet,
coming closer and closer to it's forever fragile atmosphere.

	The bolt entered the orbit and was just about to punch its way through
the atmosphere when ten beams of light appeared in front of it and,
like a giant mouth, engulfed the bolt.  Everyone on the bridge looked
stunned at what had happened except for Kagato, who merely grinned.

	The sky lit up with fire as gun ports opened in space and began firing
at the Souja.  The bridge shifted and shook with each shot knocking
everyone onto the ground.  Ryouko looked down at Kagato, who had fallen
this time, and the wooden box that had slid a short distance across the
deck.  She looked up towards the group by the door and called out, "The
sword!"

	Adam looked up to see the box a few feet out of the reach of Kagato
who was now beginning to get back on his feet.  Adam rolled over to
Tenchi and pointed towards the box.  "Get the sword, Tenchi! You're the
only one who can save us now!"

	Tenchi nodded, although a bit of fear was seen in his eyes, and began
running down the shifting deck towards the box.  As Kagato got to his
feet, he saw Tenchi running towards him and rose his hand to fire, just
in time to see Aeka flying towards him surrounded by a purple sphere of
energy.  Surprised, he put up a second hand to block her rush to
discover it had little strength.  He swung his hand around and fired a
green bolt of energy at her that sent her flying across the bridge and
back against the door.

	Tenchi dove towards the box as Aeka was flying backwards through the
air.  He ripped open the lid, pulled out the sword hilt, and stood to
face Kagato.  He was breathing deeply as he looked up past a brow of
sweat to see Kagato's angered face.

	"You've thrown your life away boy," Kagato said.  "You might have
lived if you left it alone, but now it's over for you."

	"I'd rather die," Tenchi said.  "Than allow anyone of them be harmed
by you."

	"So be it, boy."

	The blue blade of the Tenchi-ken appeared at the same time Kagato's
green blade was summoned.  The two faced each other, staring past each
other's blades for eternity before Kagato took the first swing at
Tenchi's blade.  

	The swing was strong and knocked Tenchi back a bit, but he held his
blade against Kagato's.  Tenchi dropped down and swung upwards at
Kagato, trying to cut behind his blade, Kagato moved back and blocked
the blow before swinging around to take another shot at Tenchi.

	The two exchanged blows several times before one of Kagato's stronger
shots knocked Tenchi completely off balance and he landed on the ground
with a dull thud, the blue bladed from his sword disappearing as he
did.  Kagato hovered above him and turned his blade into a glowing ball
in his hand.  "Too bad boy, you lose."

	Tenchi quickly rolled to the side and pushed himself off the ground in
time to avoid the shot from Kagato.  He landed a short distance away
from Kagato and held up his sword and generated his blade again. 
Kagato turned towards Tenchi while hurling a green bolt towards him, a
second one appearing in his hand even as the first left his grasp. 
Before the first bolt was hallway between the two of them, the second
bolt was already underway.

	Tenchi angled his sword towards the bolts as they came close.  Then
time seemed to slow down as the first bolt came close, Tenchi swung
slightly with his blade, impacting with the bolt causing a violent
interaction to occur before him.  As the green energy dissipated, the
blue beam shattered before him into a thousand points of light.  Tenchi
looked up from his now missing blade mere milliseconds before the
second bolt struck him in the chest and exploded.

	The smoke that was generated hid the view of the innards of the
explosion, keeping Adam, Ryouko, and Aeka from seeing what had happened
to Tenchi.  Moments later, the hilt of the sword came flying out of the
smoke and landed on the floor, sliding towards the door.  Adam stopped
the spinning hilt with his foot as it came towards him.  He looked
aghast at the smoking sword hilt while Aeka and Ryouko seemed paralyzed
in shock.

	"Tenchi!" they both said simultaneously.  Ryouko spiked with energy as
the sand suddenly swirled around her and the hourglass shattered
spilling the red sand onto the floor and releasing Ryouko to come
flying, head long, into Kagato.  Ryouko's own energy sword appeared in
her hand an instant before she clashed with Kagato's sword.

	Ryouko was filled with rage and was using it to enhance her fighting,
but Kagato was naturally stronger and was much more calm about the
situation.  The quick clash ended with Ryouko thrown into the opposite
wall of the hall, leaving an impression in the metal.  Kagato paid it
no attention as he turned to the monitor to see a large Jurain ship
approaching.  It was almost as big as the Souja, with ten glowing wings
sprouting from the center of it.

	"Aha! Tsunami!" Kagato cried out as he watched the monitor.  "Now
you'll see the true power of the Souja!"  Kagato clenched his fists as
the gems in the hilt below Adam's feet began to glow and feed energy
into the floor of the ship.  Similarly, Ryouko's gem began to glow and
pulled her to the ground, feeding her own energy into the floor of the
ship.  As the gems released their energy, Kagato seemed to contort, his
hair getting longer and spikey, the collar of his robe getting bigger
to almost encircle his head, and his height grew in a few inches.

	"Now!" Kagato called out.  "Come to me, Tsunami!" His hands were now
clawed as he reached out for the ship and closed his fist, pulling the
Tsunami closer to the Souja.  As Tsunami came closer to the Souja, the
ten wings began to fade until they were almost gone.

	Adam looked at the monitor and the glowing sword hilt below his foot. 
This is not the way it's supposed to happen, he thought to himself. 
This is not how things are supposed to go, if Kagato gets Tsunami he'll
become too powerful for anyone to destroy.  Is this my time to act?  Is
this what I've been placed here to do?

	The sword crackled with energy for an instant catching Adam's
attention, almost calling him.  He knew what he had to do as he reached
down and managed to pull the sword from the deck and hold it in his
hands.  The power flowed from the sword but it did not try to attack
him as it had for Ryouko and Kagato, it merely showed itself to him. 
Adam rose the hilt and pointed it towards Kagato as the magnificent
blue blade grew from it's tip.

	"You will not have Tsunami," Adam called out to Kagato as he walked
with the sword held out in front of him.  "It is not yours to take, so
you shall not have it."  He held the sword with two hands and entered
defensive posture.

	"You cannot stop me," Kagato said, his voice acquiring an eerie echo. 
"Especially not with that sword, cut off from Tsunami it is worthless!"

	"I don't get my power from Tsunami," Adam said without thinking.  "I
get my power from the gems."  Adam lunged forward with the sword and
swung down at Kagato who rose a hand to block the blade.  He swung down
again, and again, each time Kagato blocking with his hand, being slowly
knocked backwards each time.  When Adam got to his eighth swing, he
could see that Kagato was either getting tired or really annoyed.  He
discovered which one it was when Kagato suddenly generated a sword of
his own and knocked Adam away.

	He landed a few feet away but kept the blade pointed towards Kagato. 
"Do I have to destroy you the same way I destroyed that boy?!" Kagato
yelled.  He generated a group of green bolts of energy and threw them
at once at Adam.  The circlet of bolts traveled towards him before he
had any time to react, coming within inches of his face before they
impacted upon some unseen shield and were absorbed.

	Kagato was as surprised as Adam was, but he didn't have any time to
even wonder before a white sword came slashing down at him.  The
glimmering blade caught the edge of his robe as he dodged to the right
to see who had attacked him.  Before him was the white clad form of
Tenchi, holding a long sword in one hand, a shield in the other, and
now was featuring three green marks on his forehead.

	Kagato didn't look twice before throwing more green bolts of energy in
Tenchi's direction.  They all impacted and generated a smoke cloud
again, but shortly after three beams of light appeared inside of the
smoke.

	"The Light Hawk Wings," Aeka mouthed as she got up off the floor.  The
smoke cleared to show the three beams of light in front of Tenchi, as
if he was holding him in his hands.

	"Those aren't being generated by Tsunami," Kagato said as realization
dawned upon him.  "They're being generated by you!  How is it
possible?"

	Adam took the opportunity to lunge forward at Kagato, slashing
downwards with his sword.  Kagato rose his blade to block, locked in
combat with Adam, when the beams of light faded and Tenchi started
charging with his own sword.  Kagato, torn between Adam or Tenchi,
stepped back suddenly to get out of his fight with Adam, then turned to
swing at Tenchi.  The clash of swords and bodies happened in an
instant, leaving Tenchi and Kagato facing away from each other, their
swords at the ends of their swings, and Adam standing in the middle.

	The blade disappeared from the hilt as Adam turned to look at the
unmoving form of Kagato.  Tenchi lowered his sword as he did the same.

	"Tenchi," said Kagato, moving ever so slightly.  "Just like the sword.
 Tenchi can't be copied, splendid, good work Tsunami."  Kagato spun on
his foot to face the two exhausted fighters.  "But how do you fit into
it all, Adam?"  Adam looked to Tenchi then back at Kagato again.  "What
irony, you've won."  Kagato collapsed onto the floor then turned into a
fine gray powered before disappearing in some unfelt breeze.

	Tenchi and Adam fell to the ground in exhaustion, Tenchi's sword and
white clothing fading away to show the outfit he was wearing before. 
Aeka and Ryouko came running towards them, latching onto Tenchi like
leeches, while Adam simply lied back on the deck.

	"Tenchi!" Ryouko said.  "I thought you were dead, what happened?"

	"Well, I was—"

	"Tenchi!" Aeka interrupted. "How did you generate the Light Hawk Wings
like that?"

	"Uh, you see, it was—"

	"Hey, Princess," Ryouko cut off Tenchi to yell at Aeka.  "He was
talking to me first, you should wait your turn."  She looked at Tenchi
affectionately.  "Continue, please, I want to hear all about it."

	"Oh-hohohohoho," Aeka laughed.  "I wait for you?  Not hardly, Tenchi
was already starting to tell me about the Light Hawk Wings and YOU
interrupted him.  Please, continue Lord Tenchi."

	"Now you look here, Princess—" Ryouko started.

	"Hello?" Sasami's voice came from the door to the bridge.  "Is it safe
to come out now?"  She stuck her head out from behind the door then ran
towards Aeka.  "Aeka, are you all right, you like hurt?"

	"I'm fine, Sasami," Aeka said softly.

	"I guess we can go back to Earth now," Ryouko said.

	"No," Adam said strongly, sitting up from the deck and turning to
them.

	"Why not?" Ryouko asked.  Adam looked to Aeka and Tenchi as if to
confirm what he was thinking to them.

	"Washuu," Tenchi said slowly.

	"We have to go after her," Adam said, standing up again.  "No one
should have to be a prisoner of Clay."  He looked down to the sword
hilt at his feet.  "You should take this back Tenchi, you'll need it
again someday."  He started walking towards the door before his leg
nearly gave out on him; then he started limping away.  Tenchi, Aeka,
and Sasami followed shortly.

	Ryouko sat on the deck with a puzzled look on her face then called out
after everyone else.  "Hey! Who's Washuu?"


                        TO BE CONTINUED ...

Authors Notes: 

The following were referenced to without permission, I apologize: 
	John Biles
	Chris Davies
	Eryie Productions
	Panasonic
	Bob Kane's 'Batman'
	The movie 'Airplane'
	Undocumented Features (again?)
	And of course, My Friends:
		Timothy Panebianco
		Heather Henkler
		Paris 'Sister' Manglesdorf
		Kevin 'The Great Bambino' Morris
		Dustin 'Dussin' Wetzel
		Lyle 'Sir Lyle Of Hampton Hill' Birnhak

If you're wondering what they call me, I am none other than:
	Adam "Gimpity-Gimp-Gimp" Leigh, otherwise known as the 'Gimp.'

	"Tenchi Muyou" was created by Masaki Kajishima and is distributed by
Pioneer Entertainment in North America.  "Sailor Moon" was created by
Naoko Takeuchi and is distributed by DiC and Mixx Entertainment, Inc.
in North America.  While this story contains characters and/or settings
created and copyrighted by others, this work is Copyright 1998 by Adam
Christopher Leigh.  All rights reserved.

Adam Christopher Leigh                            Omicron@sprynet.com
"Keep your friends close, your enemies ... closer." -Deep Throat
Tempest Creations - http://dogbert.simplenet.com