 Tenchi Muyo is a product of AIC and Pioneer, I do not own them, I do not plan 
on owning them, although it would be nice to.  My family is flat broke, so you
wouldn't get anything if you tried to sue us (bwah ha ha ha ha) and I'm sorry if 
this offends either of these companies.

 Since I'm going to be talking about some Dragon Ball Z things, I'll also have 
to say that DBZ is a product of Funimation (I think, I hope), and I do not own 
any of
their characters or races or legends or whatever the hell is in there but I 
don't expect any of these companies to use my ideas, being as they have writers 
who come
up with better stuff then this, and this story is meant in all good and fun so 
you can't do anything, NYAH! (Joe honey, breath).

                                    ********************************

 It has been several days since the Kinay incident, the damage Broka had done to 
the computer and the ship itself was too much for Washu to repair so she
launched it into space.  In the kitchen, we see a rear end up in the air in the 
refrigerator.  The person closes the door with their foot, it's Broka, and in 
his hands, are
several dozen cans of beer, sake, and even a couple wine bottles.  On his way to 
the living room, he meets a half asleep Tenchi.

 "Morning Tenchi," he says with a smile, even though Tenchi can't see it with 
all the drinks he has.

 Tenchi mumbles something and goes into the kitchen...and comes right back out, 
wide awake now.

 "Uh...Broka...what are you doing with all that alcohol," Tenchi asks with a 
confused look.  Broka takes a cup, pours some sake in it, drinks it in one gulp, 
and says,
"Well, you know that I've been asleep for some 2000 years (takes another swig), 
and I haven't been on my *schedule* for a while so I need something to drink,"
takes another cup full of sake.

 Tenchi sighs when he sees Ayeka coming down the stairs, "Morning Ayeka, have a 
nice sleep?"

 She smiles and says, "Of course Tenchi, I always have a good sleep in your 
house."  Tenchi blushes and sees that Broka is staring at them with a bottle of 
sake in
his hands.  Ayeka notices the beer and sake on the table, "Oh great, another 
alcoholic." Broka shrugs and starts chugging the bottle without the cup.

 "Hey, where'd all the sake go?!" everyone heard a familiar voice coming from 
the kitchen before a familiar head popped out of the wall.  "Hey, what do you 
think
you're doing with all that?!" Broka looks at Ryoko, then at the alcohol, "Uh...I 
think I'm drinking." Ryoko's face turned red with anger, "I know what you doing, 
it
was a retorical question!  I suggest you give me a..." she is stopped by an 
oncoming sake bottle which conviently lands the opening in her mouth.  He smiles 
and
says, "Happy now." Ryoko takes a swig of the bottle and goes back into the 
ktchen.

 "Morning everybody," an innocent voice came from up the stairs.

 "Morning Sasami," everyone called up to her.  She hopped down the stairs, "I'll 
start breakfast."

 "Hey Sasami, can I help you with the cooking," came another voice from up the 
stairs.

 "Of course Mihoshi, you start the sclicing and I'll do the frying," with that 
Mihoshi nearly jumped off the top step and ran into the kitchen.

 "I'll get to work at the field," Tenchi says.  "I'll make sure Mihoshi doesn't 
cut her fingers off," Ayeka says with concern and heads into the kitchen.

 Broka just chugs a bottle of beer and sets it on the table.

 *************************

 It has been several hours after everyone ate breakfast, Broka is sitting on the 
couch with his hands in his lap, all the bottles and cans are on there sides and 
are
empty.  Broka has a disgusted look on his face.

 Washu just came out of her lab...and right away she smelled the scent of 
gallons of alcohol in the air.  "Hello Br...damn, it smells like someone had a 
bachelor's
party in here." She notices Broka isn't looking real happy, "What's the matter 
with you?"

"Huh, oh, hi Little Washu.  It's nothing big, it's just that I drank enough beer 
and sake to drown a fish and I only got drunk for 5 minutes.  I've had battles 
with
children that lasted longer than this hangover."

 "Hmmm...really," he nods his head.  She looks outside, "Where is everybody?"

 "Well, Tenchi is back out in the field, Ayeka is doing some sweeping at the 
shrine, Ryoko is sleeping in her room, and Sasami and Mihoshi are helping 
Ayeka."

 "Oh well," she looks at Broka and thinks to herself, "This is a good time to 
get him to tell me what he is.  He wants to get drunk an I got a drink that will
put him so drunk he won't be able to tell up from down.  I'll just have to 
bargain with him." "I have a drink that will get you drunk Broka."

 He turns around, "You really do Washu, may I have it?"

 "Of course, but for something in return," Broka looks at her, "first, you must 
tell me what race you are from."

 "Hmph, forget it.  You heard Kinay, I hate to talk about my race."

 "Darn, he's smarter then I thought," she pulls a needle from her back, "I'll 
just have to force it out of him."

 Broka just stares in the sky when he hears, "A scientists work is never done!"  
Washu brings the needle down on his arm...

 ...and it breaks when it trys to puncture the skin.  Broka just stares at Washu 
who is in shock right now.

 "Sorry Washu, my skin is too tough for your needle to pass without my 
permission," he smiles and heads towards the stairs, "Now if you'll excuse me, I 
have to go
practiCCCEEEE..." he feel the weight of many metal arms coming down on his body.  
"WASHUUU!!"

 "Sorry, but you see, it intrigued me when you talked about your race.  And you 
wouldn't have to go through this if you'd just tell us.  All I'd have to do is 
go through
my archives in my computer, and, there, we'd be done.  But no...you're too 
worried about your race to tell us so..." a big machine with several huge 
needles coming
from the top moves toward him, "...we have to do this the hard way.  Now hold 
still, this might sting a little..." she stops as she sees Broka effortlessly 
break the hold
of the wires holding him to the ground.  He stands up and one by one, grabs each 
wire coiled around him and destroys them.

 He turns around and looks at Washu and smiles, then heads off upstairs.

 Washu watches in amazement, then smiles and says "I'll find out about you one 
of these days, and when you least expect it," then heads into her lab.

                                 ***********************************

 Tenchi is walking down from working in the field.  He walks in the house to see 
many machine parts lying on the floor.

 "Oh boy, looks like Washu was trying some of her experiments outside her lab," 
he sighs and starts to pick up the pieces.  At that moment, Katsuhito walked in.

 "Tenchi, what are you doing?" he looks at Tenchi who is picking up some bolts.

 "Oh, hi grandfather.  I was just picking up some machine parts Washu brought 
out of her room.  It's a real mess."

 "Hmmm...well, when you're done with that, I want you to bring your bokken, and 
head to the shrine.  I want you to help the girls up there, then we'll invite 
them to
watch you practice."

 "Wait grandpa!  How come I have to help with the shrine when Ayeka, Sasami, and 
Mihoshi are already doing work up there?  I just got done with working the
field!  And you know I don't feel comfortable while they're watching me train 
when I know they're there."

 Katsuhito didn't say anything and headed up to the shrine.  Tenchi knew that 
when he did that, he shouldn't argue because that was that, and his mind 
wouldn't
change.  He just sighed and picked up the remaining pieces.

 

 

 At the shrine, Tenchi just got up there and saw Sasami and Mihoshi sweeping two 
different parts of the stone path.  Ayeka was tending to the flowers she had
planted a few months past.

 "Hi Tenchi," he heard the pleasent voice of Sasami followed by the miyaing of 
Rio-Ohki.

 "Hi Sasami, hi Mihoshi," he greeted them as they both met him at the top step.  
"Grandfather wanted me to help you guys with something."

 "Yes Tenchi, could you please clean off the tombstones?  We're all pretty 
busy," Mihoshi said with a little skip in her voice.

 "Sure, of course.  Did grandfather tell you that you guys are allowed to watch 
me train today?" he asked them, keeping a real cool voice even though he got 
nervous
as hell when anyone besides grandfather watches him.

 "Yep," Sasami said, she and Mihoshi blushed and said, "that is, if it's all 
right with you, of course."

 Tenchi blushed at the sight of their blushes and said, "No, of course not, I 
don't mind at all.  As long as you don't mind."

 It was Ayeka's turn now, "Tenchi, we don't mind at all.  At least I don't, but 
I'm pretty sure those two don't either."

 They all laugh when back at the house, Broka came out of the house.  He is 
wearing a tight blue and white armor plates that show off his bulging muscles.  
Most of
his legs are shown with only two flaps coming down from the sides and what looks 
like a pure black bottom of a swimsuit [which, by the way, I want to thank the
people who came up with that so we didn't have to see any other little aliens 
there].  He puts on some white gloves before he says, "All right.  First, I'll 
start off with
some basic punches and kicks.  Then, I'll see how my multi-form technique is 
working, after that, I'll finish with some energy attacks."

 He stands in a fighting stance and throws several punches.  He stops and starts 
some backflips and lands in another fightng position.  He kicks the air before
returning to his stance.  He squints his eyes and fades out of view.  He 
reappears above the house, this time he's throwing a combination of punches and 
kicks, but
they're so fast it's hard to tell how many he's throwing.  He finishes with a 
roundhouse kick before fading out, and returning to the ground still throwing 
his punches. 
He winds up and throws a punch that sends a gust of wind that picks up some dust 
and continues to the end of the pond.

 "Well, time for my multi-form technique," he crosses his hands and holds out 
his index, thumb, and pinkie finger.  The background turns several colors and 
two
identical copies of Broka fade into existence.  He looks at his copies and gives 
them both high-fives before he says, "All right, back in you two."  They jump 
towards
Broka and seem to return into one body.

 "Now then, I already know that one of my Ki blasts work, as does my energy disk 
and Masenko wave.  That leaves several other attacks, some breathing attacks,
some more Ki blasts, my Beam Cannon, my Gallic Gun, and my Kame-Hame-Ha wave."

 He crosses his arms above his head and yells, "FLAMES...OF...FURY!" and a huge 
energy blast erupts from his mouth.  It travels across the lake and erupts on
the other side.

 "What was that," Tenchi yells as he feels the ground move.

 Broka smiles at this and throws his palm away from him and a smaller ball comes 
from his hand.  It also explodes across the lake.

 Ryoko wakes up in response to this, "Jesus, what the hell was that?"

 Broka shoots another ball out of his hand.  And another on, and another one.  
He stops as all three explode and make a huge explosion.  He pulls his arms 
back,
and unleashes dozens upon dozens of energy blasts, yelling as he thrusts his 
palms out for each blast.  At the shrine, everyone except Katsuhito have fallen 
down
beacuse of the explosions the Ki blasts make, and that was because he was 
already sitting down.  

 "Tenchi, I think the...blasts are coming from...the lake," Ayeka yells as all 
four try to get up and head towards it.

 Ryoko is standing at the window too amazed to yell at him to stop.

 Broka continues to throw Ki blasts and suddenly stops, throws his hands to his 
side and connected the bottom of his palms together and waited for the remaining
blasts to hit before yelling at the top of his lungs "KAAAAA!!!" and the ground 
shook vioently

 Washu felt the blasts before but didn't notice them until her sensors picked up 
a humongous power source was rising faster then Rio-Ohki in a field of carrots.

 "MEEEEEEEE!!!"

 Washu stepped out of her lab and saw Ryoko staring out at the lake.

 "What the hell is going on out here?!"  

 "It's Broka, I have no idea what he's doing!"

 "HAAAAAAAAA!!!"

 "His power level...it's incredible...I've never seen anything like that...he is 
definently worth studying."

 "STUDYING?!  He's going to blow up half the world if he doesn't stop now!"

 "MEEEEEEEEEE!!!" the ground shakes with twice the force it did before.

 Tenchi had fallen on the steps as did the others, except when Mihoshi fell, her 
cleavege landed nicely on top of Tenchi's face.

 "AHHHH...Sorry Mihoshi!" he yells, wiping the blood from his nose.

 She just blushes and says, "That's all right," she looks and is able to see 
Broka at the waters edge, "Hey!  Look!" she yells and everyone turns to where 
she is
pointing.

 "HHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!" and with the last scream, thrusts his hands out to 
create a wave bigger than the lake itself and seperated the water
where Yukinojo rested.

 Everyone looked on in fear as the wave continued towards a mountain.

 "If that blast hits that mountain," Washu says, "it will cause a chain reaction 
that will literarely cause the ground to break up and maybe wipe out all of 
Japan."

 Broka face is seen through the blue energy of the wave.  It shows no sign of 
fear, and has a little smirk on his lips

 The wave was still about a mile or so away from the mountain before Broka 
dipped his hands and threw them towards the sky and in one solid motion, the 
wave
dipped with his hands and flew into the atmosphere.

 Broka is breathing heavily and sweat is pouring from his face.  Sasami, Tenchi, 
Mihoshi, and Ayeka are running down the steps and Washu and Ryoko just stare
with the biggest eyes you've ever saw at Broka and the many dents and dips he 
made in the ground around him.  Broka gives a smile and pulls his hands back 
once
again.  This time, he holds his palm completely out and his other hand has 
grabbed the wrist of the open palm.

 "GALLIC GUN..."

 "HOLD IT RIGHT THERE YOU IGNORANT PIG!"

 He stops and sees that Ayeka is sprinting towards him, and Sasami, Mihoshi, and 
Tenchi are laying at the bottom of the step out of breath.

 "Actually Ayeka, it goes gallet gun, and then I say fire and an energy wave 
emits from my hand."

 She stops in front of him and starts yelling, "WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING 
YOU IDIOT?!  ARE YOU TRYING TO GET US ALL KILLED?! 
ARE YOU SOME MAD-CAPPED LUNATIC WHO SHOWS OFF BY DESTROYING AN ENTIRE WORLD WITH 
HIS HANDS?!"

"You might want to take a breath Ayeka, your skin turns red and your veins pop 
out of your head when you don't get enough oxygen to your brain, it's not a 
pretty
image."

"Ayeka listens to him, takes a deep breath, and continues, "I'M A PRETTY IMAGE 
NO MATTER WHAT I LOOK LIKE!" she gets back on the subject, "YOU
GOT EVERYONE SCARED OUT OF THERE SKIN BECAUSE OF YOU!" and she points to Washu 
and Ryoko.  Broka looks over to see that there eyes are
bugged-like and there heads are tilted as if they're trying to look past 
someone.  She then grabs his upper arms, "LISTEN YOU...oh my," and she squeezes 
his rock
hard biceps, he just looks at the sky and blushes.  Ayeka returns to normal, 
"LISTEN YOU OVERGROWN OX, IF YOU TRY ANOTHER STUNT LIKE
THAT, I'LL CALL MY PEOPLE AND HAVE YOU ARRESTED FOR ENDANGERING THE LIFE OF A 
JURAIEN PRINCESS."

 Broka looks real hard at Ayeka's forehead and says, "Is that a zit you got 
there?"

 Ayeka screams, and pulls out a pocket mirror, "Where?  Where is it?" she stops, 
realizing that he was just making fun of her.  She looks viciously at him, who 
is just
smiling, trying his hardest not to laugh.  That doesn't stop Ryoko though, who 
is almost on the ground laughing.  Ayeka is about to start again when Tenchi got 
his
wind back.

 "Ayeka calm down, he was just having a little fun."

 It's Sasami's turn except that she is more interested in how Broka was able to 
do that than being worried about her own health.

 "Wow, that was cool, can you do that again?"

 Washu's turn, "Yes please!  That was incredible, how you created such a large 
wave, and was able to control it with ease!  Do you know how big that lake is? 
Yes, do that again!"

 "Okay."

 "NO!!" this came from Ryoko, Ayeka, Tenchi, and Mihoshi.  Broka starts to 
sweat.

 "Hey now, what's all this commotion?" Katsuhito's voice was heard.  He's calmly 
coming down the steps.

 "Honorable brother, this barbarian was trying to show off his brute strength by 
firing enormous energy at that mountain over there, which would have surely 
killed us
all."

 "Well then, how did we survive?"

 "At the last minute he was able to control it and direct it at the sky."

 Katsuhito looks concerned and walks over to Broka.  He looks at him for a while 
before saying, with a big smile, "You were able to control that big of an energy
wave without much effort," the face-fault level rose to 10.

 "But brother, he could have killed us."

 "But he didn't, did he?" he puts his arm around him, "Besides, I'm sure he 
would have known how to control that or else he probably wouldn't have shot it 
at the
mountain.  Right?" Broka nervously nods his head.  Katsuhito returned to his 
normal self, "Now Tenchi, go get the bola, we'll start practice now."

 "But grandpa..."

 Katsuhito just heads for the shrine, Tenchi sighs and follows him, followed by 
everyone except Ryoko and Washu.

 

                                            *******************************

 Everyone is eating at the table now.  Tenchi looks embarrassed about something, 
as does Mihoshi.  Ayeka and Ryoko are silently eating and the only ones talking
are Washu, Broka, and Sasami.

 "It was great wasn't it Sasami?" Broka asks her.

 She laughs and says, "It was a blast."

 "It's still hard to believe," Washu says with a snicker.

 Broka laughs out loud and says, "Yeah, who would have known someone who could 
summon the Light Hawk Wings have so much trouble with hitting a piece of
wood on a rope," the three laugh, Tenchi stares at his food with a red face.  
"But the highlight was when Tenchi fell, his bola hit the piece of wood so hard, 
it came
out of the rope, bounced off two trees, hit Mihoshi in the back of her head, and 
she fell on him, (puts some food in his mouth) and who would have known that she
tripped at the right time that her...uh..." the three stop there laughing when 
they see that Ryoko and Ayeka are shaking vioently and have broken their 
chopsticks. 
Mihoshi's entire face is red, and it's hard to tell what color Tenchi's face is 
because he's banging his head on the table.

 Broka finishes his dinner and puts his chopsticks down.

 "Where are you going Broka?" Sasami asks, as she sees him heading up the 
stairs.

 "Huh?  Oh, I was going to go take a nap."

 "Are you going to watch the moon with us tonight?"

 He looks at her and says, "Sure, it will just be a short nap, I'll come down in 
a couple hours."

 On his way to his room, he tries to remember something.  There was something he 
wanted to ask them before the night came.  But he couldn't remember what it
was.  He opens his door and lies on his bed that he's been sleeping in for the 
last few nights.  There was something about the night he wanted to ask them, but 
during
his training he forgot about it.  He shrugged off this nagging thought and 
silently fell asleep.

 

 

 Broka awoke to the sound of laughter and the sight of darkness.  He looked at 
his clock to see it was almost 12 o'clock.

 "Oh my, I promised Sasami I'd watch the moon with them this night," he goes to 
the closet and grabs a coat and looks outside to see candles scattered on the
ground and everyone out there.  "Good they're still there," he said to himself 
as he ran downstairs.  He ran out of the door before yelling, "Hi everyone sorry 
I'm
late!"

 Sasami looks back and says, "Broka, you missed the moon coming over the 
mountain, it was really beautiful."

 "I'm sorry Sasami, I kinda overslept for a while." And as if something came 
over, "Hey Tenchi, how often are full mooOOONSS?!" he quickly raises his voice 
as he
looks in the sky.  Right in the middle, is the biggest full moon he's ever seen.

 "There are usually one every month, and sometimes there are two a month, but 
not very often."

 Broka's voice becomes hoarse, "Really?  One every month?  You don't say?"

 "Yep.  Why do you want to know?"

 Broka's voice was low, and vicious, "Oh, no reason.  Interplanetary Astronomy 
wasn't my best subject in school."

 Washu butts in, "Really, it was the easiest subject for me."

Sasami turns around, "Broka, what's the matter with your...AAAHHHH!!" She stares 
at Broka whose clothing is ripping because he's growing abnormaly, and hair
has begun growing on his body all over.

 Everyone stares at him when his nose and mouth grows to one big snout, and his 
eyes become blood red.  His clothes tear and are ripped from his body, and
everybody notices the large tail on his waist.  He gives out a monstorous yell 
before he grows to over several hundred meters and gives a roar.  Everybody is 
now
staring at a hairy, huge, and destructive ape looking monster that towers over 
their house.

 "Oh shit."

 The ape beats his chest and looks at the girls and Tenchi.

 "Well, it is Broka, maybe he'll recognize us," Tenchi says with a glint of fear 
in his eyes.

His theory is quickly shattered as the ape punches the ground.  Ryoko quickly 
turns around and activates her sword.  She flys toward the ape who is roaring
furiously.  The ape's eyes focus towards Ryoko as he swipes at her.  She fades 
out and then back in to avoid the paw.  Her teleportation is quickly stop as she 
sees
the energy building up in the beast's mouth and is released.  Ryoko is thrown to 
the ground by the blast and is smoking as the ape lifts his foot up to smash 
her.

 Out of nowhere, a missle comes out and hits the ape's side, it's Yukinojo, with 
a scared Mihoshi inside.  The energy builds up again but misses as Mihoshi 
pilots the
ship to avoid the blast.

 Washu is running to her lab when something comes to mind, "Tenchi, cut off the 
creature's tail, that's where his power source is coming from." Tenchi obliges 
and
pulls out the Tenchi-ken [don't ask].  He activates it and charges at the 
monster, who is swiping at Yukinojo.  He gets the monster right when he turns 
around and
jumps at the tail.

 The monster turns around to see Tenchi landing, and the Tenchi-ken returning to 
just a hilt.  The monster gives off a snort before shrinking down to normal 
size, the
large tail smashing into the ground.  The hair retracts to the body and soon 
they are looking at a sweating, naked Broka, who can barely stand upright.

 "Thanks," was the last thing he said before falling to the ground.  All the 
girls got a bird's eye view of little Broka, and look as though they're going to 
pass out too,
although Sasami was already gone.                                                                              

**********************************

 It was the next morning at the shine, everyone except Katsuhito and Noboyouki 
are looking at Broka, who is sipping a cup of tea.  He has a sad look in his 
eyes.

 "Now, who are you, and what are you," was the first thing said, coming from 
Ryoko.

 He just takes a sip of tea, "Ask Washu, she knows."

 "But I don't want an answer from Washu, I want it from you!" she yells, 
slamming her fist on the table.

 He sighs and sets his cup down, "My name, as you know is Broka, that is my real 
name, I don't have any alias's.  However, I've been keeping a secret from you,
who I am, or should I say, what my race is."

 Everyone stares at him.

 "I come from a race that was wiped out 1900 years ago by an evil tyrant.  I 
have been turned down by many families because of my heritage, and my strength. 
Although I have tried to live in peace and happiness for my 18 years not in 
cryogenetic sleep, I cannot forget what I am, and have been forced to do bounty 
hunting
jobs for 5 years, hating every minute of it, because I had to kill to live.  
I...come from a race...called saiyans."

 Everyone except Tenchi and Washu gasp at the sound at this.

 "But, the saiyan race was completely destroyed then, not a single person 
survived that explosion," Ryoko says.

 "Yes, not even the man who cast the energy attack," Ayeka says.

 "Wait a minute, what is a saiyan?" Tenchi asks.

 Broka looks down at the ground, "The saiyan race was the most dangerous race in 
the universe.  They would travel from planet to planet wiping out entire races,
and they only used half of the planets they conquered, destroying the 50% they 
didn't use.  Even the most weakest fighter could vaporize hundreds of troops in 
an
instant, and the most elite fighters were sent solo to destroy an entire solar 
system.  However, they were controlled by an inside power, a man called Frieza, 
the
entire race feared him, although our pride hid all fear we had.  Then one day, 
we sent an entire army to destroy him, because he had threatened to steal the 
King's
son.  The entire army was destroyed.  Then Frieza walked out to the edge of his 
ship, and summoned a giant energy ball, and threw it at the planet.  Because of 
a
war my race fought around a hundred thousand years earlier, our numbers were 
few, and they used most of their troops to launch the attack.  The entire race,
except for me, was destroyed in the blast, along with the planet.  But Frieza 
miscalculated the amount of energy he put into the blast, and in the explosion, 
his own
energy backfired, and he and his ship were swallowed in the blast."

 "But where were you," Tenchi asked.

 "That's simple," Washu exclaimed, "he was already asleep in Kinay's ship.  Now, 
how did you happen to get on Kinay's ship?"

 "When I was born, they didn't think much of me.  I was a normal saiyan child, 
with a normal saiyan family.  However, as I grew up, I noticed all the evil they 
were
doing, and questions arose in my mind, 'What's the point of all these killing', 
'What do we plan to acclompish'.  I asked my parents, I was only five then, but 
I
understood every word they told me, they said 'Son, the point of all saiyans 
existence is to be the strongest there is.  The mind of all saiyans working as a 
group, is to
be the most powerful race in the universe, to destroy all those that stand in 
our way, even the Juraiens.  The goal of each individual saiyan is to be the 
strongest in our
race, and the only way to acclompish that, is to become the utimate warrior, to 
be able to transform into a super saiyan.' It was then I knew that my race was 
doing
wrong, because I knew power wasn't the way to go.  I tried to tell my classmates 
and teachers about my ideas on how to fulfill our desire without destroying, but 
all
I got were beatings and got mobbed.  My parents knew that the king would surely 
kill me if I continued to talk *nonsense* to people.  So they launched me into
space, to a distant planet, because even though they loved me, I was a disgrace 
to them, and couldn't stand to have a disgraceful child with them.  From there, 
I
grew up from family to family, each of them disowning me when they found out 
what I was.  Then one day, when I was 13, I was living with a family that was
excepting who I was, but my classmates did not.  Although they knew better then 
to start a fight with me, they constantly harassed me, never getting a moments
peace.  Then one day, they ganged around me, and picked on me, I was crying my 
eyes out.  Then I released energy I never felt before, I launched a bright 
glowing
light into the sky, and although I don't know why I did then, I was soon to find 
out.  As the kids stared at the energy ball that was glowing in the sky, I 
started to
transform, the transformation you saw last night."

 "Is that what a super saiyan transforms into?" Sasami jumped in.

 "No.  There are only two known saiyans who were able to transform into super 
saiyans, one was born several hundred thousand years ago, and the other one soon
died after his transformation.  The thing I transformed into, is called an 
oozaroo.  It intensifies my power by ten times that of my normal level, but we 
may only
transform with a fully grown tail, and the light of a full moon, or something 
like that.  It also drains an incredible amount of energy when I transform back 
to my
humanoid form, which fatigues me and usually knocks me out.  Anyway, when I 
transformed, I went on a rampage, destroying the entire city block by block, 
when I
transform, I have no control over my strength, and will kill my most loving 
family if I was allowed to.  When I returned to normal size, I was far enough 
away from
the city for them to try and follow me, and when I awoke, I had to go into 
hiding, because if I came out to the open, I would most surely be killed.  I 
kept my regular
name, and went on to be a bounty hunter.  Although I hated killing so much, it 
was the only thing I could do to provide enough food for me.  Then I met Kinay, 
he
took me in and taught me everything I know about science right now.  But he had 
an evil heart, only using me to destroy those that didn't like him, and one day, 
I got
tired of it, and launched an attack on his ship.  Because I spent a lot of my 
time fighting and training, my power was enormous, and had no trouble fighting 
through
his traps.  When I stood face to face with him, he shot a blast at me which 
drained my entire power.  He was planning on killing me, but he remembered how 
much
help I was to him, so he spared my life, and put me in cryogenetic sleep, 
hooking me up to a machine that would create a pshyic bond with him, that every 
pain he
felt, I would feel it.  And he was able to convert my energy into his.  He was 
so crazy, he would break his own bones just to deal me pain.  But when you guys 
came
along, you broke the phsycic bond between us, and set me free.  Because you 
treated me so nicely, I didn't have the heart to tell you what I was, and just 
went on
like a normal peson.  But with all the fun I was having, I forgot to remove my 
tail, and when I found out when a full moon was, it was too late, I transformed, 
and
nearly killed you," he got up, " Little Washu, could you assemble a ship for me?  
I've caused you people too much trouble, and I think it would be better if I 
left."

 Everyone else looked at each other before Washu smiled and said, "I don't know, 
I'm going to have to use you as my hamster for a while, but remember, Tenchi is
my guinea pig."

 It took Broka a while for him to get that they didn't want him to leave, he 
smiled tearfully.

 "We don't want you to leave," Sasami said, "you're part of our family now," she 
gave him a hug, "we don't want you to leave."

 Broka blinked his tears back, "Thank you Sasami," he looked at everyone before 
he said, "Who wants a drink?" and faded out.  Everyone looked around until he
faded back in, behind Ryoko.

 "You wanted a drink so here," he dropped several bottles of sake in front of 
Ryoko, "Enjoy."

 She smiled and started chugging the sake, "Hey, where'd you get the money for 
this?" she said, not really caring though.

 "Oh, by the way," he threw a wallet at Ayeka, "I borrowed some money, I hope 
you don't mind." She opened the wallet and a little moth flied out [for those 
that
don't know what that means, he used all of her money].

 "WHAT?!" she yelled, "YOU USED ALL MY MONEY YOU DIRTY MONKEY!" 

 "Now don't be so harsh Ayeka," Ryoko says with a smile, "after all, he did give 
it back, didn't he.  I would have kept the wallet."

 "YOU WOULD YOU DINOSAUR WOMAN!"

 "WHAT DID YOU CALL ME YOU PRISSY PRINCESS?!"

"YOU HEARD ME DEVIL WOMAN...WHO'S PRISSY?!"

 "Now you two, calm down before you get hurt," Tenchi said, nervously.

"Yea, c'mon, I'm sorry Ayeka, I'll use your permission next time I need money.  
But please shut up," Broka said.  They stare at him with an evil look.

They continue the fight while Broka talks to Tenchi, "Do they do this often?"

 With a sigh, "Constantly."

 

                                                           
*****************************************

So, how do you think about it?  Any comments, remember, e-mail me at 
Whazzup316@cs.com.

Next Episode:  Mihoshi's grandfather shows up for a visit.  But is he as nice as 
he looks. 
