Future Shock! Part 1 of  2
   
Tenchi and Co. Do Not belong to me! I don't own them, I didn't 
think up their names, or make-up their adventures. I only own 
Maxim! Be warned this isn't your normal Maxim. 


    The Future still isn't set... it has many roads leading to 
many possible things.



    Washuu was in her lab, it was in it's usual flawless 
condition.... unless Mihoshi busted something up. It's blinking 
lights... indicating experiments in process while the Genius was 
at work on other ideas. It's many computer screens, contemplating 
vast knowledge beyond any man's comprehension. The robots, 
machines, and other vast masterpieces working all according to 
Washuu's commands. Then there was the Genius her self... the 
Supposed " Cute " little Washuu. She was at work as always. Never 
sleeping unless she collapsed from exhaustion. She was exploring 
vast regions of Space and Time, in it's continuous pace. " Let's 
see here, nothing irregular, just the usual... stars and 
undiscovered planets. " she said to herself. Maxim entered, his 
usual care-free self, with his Wavey Green hair, and his Black as 
ash goatee, wearing casual clothing. His battle gear, which he 
usually wore was in the washer. Sasami was following him, her 
usual Cheery attitude. Of course, Ryo-ohki was behind her as 
usual. The Cabbit was always behind Sasami, unless there were 
carrots to raid. " Let's see if we can find Washuu, she's never 
boring to visit. " Maxim said to Sasami. 

  Washuu was too busy to hear them. She noticed something... a 
Black Hole. Not like she had never seen a Black Hole before, just 
that there was something wrong with this Black Hole. It was 
storing high amounts of Energy. The Kind of energy that could 
power her lab for Centuries. She decided to retrieve some of that 
energy. Maxim was watching from behind. " You never seen a Black 
Hole before Washuu? " he asked. Washuu signalled to him to be 
quiet. " Oh! " he said. Washuu needed silence, this is a risky 
task to do something like extract things from Black Holes. 
Something could go wrong. This was a day.... when something did go 
wrong. A mistake was made by Washuu and the Energy she got caused 
a rift in Space and Time... right in her lab! " Sasami! Get out! " 
screamed Maxim.

   Tenchi busted in... he heard explosions coming from inside 
Washuu's lab. " What the? " he asked. The Rift was dragging things 
in. Which was most of the lab. Maxim had Sasami, Ryo-ohki and 
Washuu in his hands. It was like trying to fly through a 
hurricane. 
" MAXIM! HURRY!! " cried Tenchi. " I'm trying! " Maxim screamed. 
Ryoko materialized next to Maxim. She grabbed Ryo-ohki and Washuu. 
Then appeared with them next to Tenchi. Maxim still had Sasami! " 
Gotta Push! Gotta keep going! " Maxim was Screaming at the top of 
his lungs. Machinery was flying past him, and being asorbed in the 
Rift. Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, and Washuu formed a human chain. 
Trying to help Maxim. Maxim was reaching the chain, when he 
couldn't hold it up much longer. He threw Sasami towards the 
others. He was being sucked in! He grabbed ahold of a stationary 
object and by luck, a communication device flew passed him, he 
grabbed it just in time. It was linked to Washuu's HoloTop. He 
Talked to Washuu. " Washuu, WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO? " he 
screamed. " I need the controller, that I used to draw the energy. 
If I had it I could send this back to where it was and everything 
should be put back to normal. " she replied. Maxim hesitated, he 
looked at Sasami, who was clutching to Ayeka, crying. " Tell 
Sasami, I wish her luck in life. " he said. Sasami who heard this 
yelled. " No! Don't do it Maxim! " But he had already done it, he 
threw himself into the Rift. Tenchi watched with horror was Maxim 
could be heard screaming from inside the Rift. " AAAUGH!!! " could 
be heard over the communitcator, " GET THE HELL OUT OF HERE!!! " 
he screamed. Everyone piled out of the lab into the front yard. 
Lightning flashed and a portal appeared. Maxim's head and hand 
shot out. HE HAD THE CONTROLLER! Washuu ran up and grabbed it. Her 
fingers raced across it and buttons were pushed. " MAXIM! " Sasami 
screamed. Maxim was struggling against this mighty Rift. 

 Kiyone and Mihoshi were arriving. " That's funny, said Mihoshi, 
what's that lightning doing here? " Kiyone looked at Tenchi and 
the others. Then she saw it... Maxim was caught in a portal. " 
Maxim! " she said as she ran to her lover. But she was too late. 
Maxim disappeared. Sucked inside the Rift. " Maxim... nnno. 
NOOOO!!! " Kiyone yelled. 
Everything quieted down. The house was ripped all over. From 
energy bolts of the Rift. 


 20 years later.....

    Tenchi sat upon the throne of Jurai. He and his wife, Ayeka, 
were enjoying their lovely life. Ryoko was with a clone of Tenchi, 
named Temcha. They were both married. Sasami was married to some 
guy named Kamon, a Jurai warrior. One of the best as it seems, 
next to Tenchi and Yosho. Washuu was inside her own lab on the 
outskirts of Jurai. Tenchi sat there, reminiscing about what 
happened exactly 20 years ago. Maxim's sacrifice to save Tenchi 
and friends. As Kiyone watched as her beloved Maxim disappeared in 
front of her. She never fell in love again. But Mihoshi did, she 
married another scatter-brained officer named Ballton. 
" He died saving us Ayeka. We never did treat him that well. " he 
said to his beloved. 
" He chose to do that my love, he saw no other way. " she said. 
Just then the power in the whole kingdom went out. Then two 
minutes later, came back on. Washuu appeared... she had a spooked 
look on her face. Tenchi was scratching his mustache and wondering 
what happened. Ayeka was more worried about their twins, Achika & 
Kaz. Washuu spoke up. 
" There was a massive power surge... a tremendous one. Coming from 
out of the outter rims of the Galaxy. Off the Scale! " Tenchi was 
silent, he had a look on his face that almost matched Washuu's... 
and Ayeka's! " Do you know what it was? " he asked. 

 Yosho was sweeping leaves out in the front of his temple, he had 
grown old, but he never did grown weaker at all! But then 
something appeared before him. A large, shadowy-object, with 
electrical bolts surging through it. " Where's Tenchi old fool? "
asked the thing in a harsh and evil voice. Yosho drew his staff. " 
So you wanna fight huh? Well, far be it from me to turn down that 
kind of offer. " said the Thing. 


    News the next day reached Tenchi that his Grandfather had been 
killed. He flew back to Earth and landed on the property of his 
old house. He ran to where Washuu was. She was studying the area. 
" Well? What happened? " asked Tenchi. He was shaking violently 
and tears were rolling down his cheeks. " From the looks of it, 
they were fighting for hours. This blast stein, she pointed to a 
blast mark on the side of the temple, was fired just 10 hours ago, 
but this one, was fired 5 hours before that one. " Washuu replied. 
" Is it Kane? Is he back? " asked Tenchi. " Kane is dead! This was 
almost identical to Kane, but it was obvious that a two legged 
person was fighting Yosho. " replied the Red Haired Scientist. Sh 
pointed to footprints in the mud. " I'll find who ever did this 
and kill him! " snarled Tenchi. 

   Ayeka was back in the throne room. She and Kiyone were planning 
the memorial for Maxim. " I still miss him. " Kiyone sobbed. A 
tear dropped upon a picture of Maxim she was holding. " Oh! Hi 
Aunt Kiyone! " said Sasami as she entered. She was holding some 
more pictures of Maxim. " Will these do? " she asked. An explosion 
was heard, is was so big, all the windows shattered. " What's 
that? " asked Ayeka. A dark robed figure appeared. " Who are you? 
" asked Ayeka. The Dark Figure was holding a body of one of 
Jurai's royal guards. " A person seeking vengence! " snapped the 
Stranger. Electrical bolts surged through his body. Ryoko entered, 
she was bleeding from the side and could barely keep herself up. 
Temcha appeared followed by Kamidake and Azaka. The Stranger saw 
the pictures in Sasami's hands. He swiftly grabbed them. He 
stuffed them in one of his gloves. The Dark Robed Stranger stared 
at Kiyone. " Come with me! " snarled the Stranger. He grabbed 
Kiyone, who was screaming, and disappeared. 

  End of Part 1

ed look on her face. Tenchi was scratching his mustache.
