Future Shock Part 2 of 2

    Tenchi and Co. don't belong to me. I only own Maxim. Pioneer owns Tenchi and 
Co.


     The Fate of the Galaxy rests in their hands..... the final hours are upon 
them.


     Tenchi entered the throneroom. He had just come back from Earth and found 
out that a shadowy Dark robed stranger had appeared and raised hell in the 
palace. Stealing Kiyone and pictures of Maxim. " This guy must be related to 
Maxim somehow, but why would he want to come here? " he asked Ayeka. Washuu 
skipped in, holding data files on the Dark Robed Stranger, along with pictures 
taken by one of her cameras in the palace. She showed Tenchi the pictures. " Oh! 
Is Ryoko okay? " he asked. Washuu giggled. " You know she's alright! I was 
fixing her up. " she chuckled. Tenchi looked angry. " This isn't funny Washuu, 
many of my best guards and soldiers died because of this creature. " he snapped. 
Tenchi examined the pictures. They showed the Stranger slaughtering guards left 
and right. Then the soldiers entered and met a similar fate. Either burned up or 
decapitated by energyblades. Some were cut in half with a sick perfect style, 
cut them in half cleanly. Some had slashed throats, others slashed wrists. It 
was a massacre, plain and simple. Then there were the pictures of him in the 
throneroom, grabbing the pictures from Sasami, then stealing Kiyone. " I'm going 
to find Kiyone. " he announced. " B..B.But you can't! He'd kill you! Besides, 
you don't know where he is.... so stay here. Think about Achika and Kaz! " said 
Ayeka. " I am! " hollered Tenchi. He turned to Washuu. " Make an energy tracking 
device. " He ordered. Washuu skipped off to go make one of the best in the 
galaxy. Oops, I mean the best in the galaxy.

  Kiyone awoke in a dark, steel room. Blinking lights were all over the place. " 
Awake I see. " said a voice from the shadows. Kiyone was shivering. " You have 
to excuse the harsh conditions of this place. I couldn't find anything else. 
You're in the remains of a Galaxy Police Ship. The fools tried to stop me while 
I was on my way over to the palace. I was planning to capture Ayeka, then I saw 
you. You're as beautiful as I remember you Kiyone. " said the voice. Kiyone was 
paralyzed with fear. The lights came on, and there standing in front of her was 
the Dark Robed Stranger. He moved his face closer, now she could see his face, 
which wasn't shadowed anymore. Kiyone immediently recognized the face. " You! 
But how? I thought you were dead. How.... it is you isn't it.... Maxim? " she 
asked. The Dark Robed Stranger nodded yes. " It is me... Maxim! " shouted the 
Stranger. 
" How did you survive my love? " she was a little bit more relaxed now, it was 
Maxim. He wouldn't hurt her. " I don't know, but that thing wasn't a Black Hole 
at all! It was an unkown electrical energy anomolly. It was rich with energy, 
and it was that energy that empowered me. I am now more powerful than anything 
on Jurai. But I still remember you, screaming for me, crying. But now I'm back. 
To get revenge on Tenchi and the others. " he growled. Kiyone's eyes went wide 
open. " Why? " she asked. " Cause they didn't do anything to help me!, screamed 
Maxim, I was caught in that Rift and Tenchi didn't do anything. Neither did 
Washuu! " Kiyone realized that the Maxim she loved was dead, now this power-
crazed Maniac was in his place. " Why are you looking at me like that? " asked 
Maxim. " You're no longer the man I fell in love with, you're just a monster! " 
she replied. Maxim fell silent. " As you wish, I'll let you live, but you can 
never leave. " sighed Maxim.

  Tenchi sat in his quarters, waiting for Washuu to finish. He was worrying 
about Kiyone. She was a very dear friend of his, like all the girls he's lived 
with. She was practically family. So was.... Maxim. Tenchi knew Maxim would be 
pissed if he knew what that Dark Robed Stranger had done. He'd throw away his 
vows of redemption and go on a ballistic head hunt. Achika began to cry in the 
other room, he heard Ayeka trying to clam down their daughter. Kaz was unusually 
silent most of the time. Just then Mihoshi busted in, followed by Ballton. " Is 
it true? " she asked. Tenchi sighed and nodded yes. Mihoshi started balling her 
eyes out. Ballton tried to soothe her, but didn't get anywhere. Tenchi was 
starting to get impatient and irritated.

   Maxim was standing in the control center of the ship. He had an idea, it was 
making him laugh. " Time to pay a visit. " he chuckled. And with that, he 
disappeared.


    Tenchi heard alarms. He rushed out of his quarters to see what the problem 
was. He asked a nearby soldier. " My lord, it's that Dark Robed Stranger. He's 
heading this way. He keeps asking where is your children are. " replied the 
soldier. " Achika and Kaz?! " gapsed Tenchi. " Yes Tenchi! You've got that 
right. " said a voice. It was the Dark Robed Stranger. The power just went off, 
" You don't recognize me Tenchi? " asked the Stranger. " Are you Kagato? " asked 
Tenchi. The Stranger started laughing. " WRONG! " said the Stranger. He placed 
his hands on the walls of the hallway and sent a surge of power through it. The 
lights turned back on. Tenchi's mouth dropped open, " Maxim? " said a very 
surprised Tenchi. " Correct.. Give this man a prize! " replied Maxim. He entered 
Achika and Kaz's room. " NOOOOOOO!!!! " screamed Tenchi. He knew Maxim was like 
Ryoko, could phase through walls and other objects. 

  Ayeka was armed with a blaster. Maxim entered through the wall. " Maxim? 
You're alive? " she asked. Maxim was ignoring her. He phased through her and 
went straight for Achika and Kaz's crib. He picked up Achika, " The future of 
Jurai.... sooo cute. What's this? Twins? Hmmm... guess Tenchi is more man than I 
thought. Oh well, you two are just so cute. Speaking of cute.... might as well 
go see someone who I haven't talked to for Twenty years. " He flew up and phased 
through the ceiling... with Achika and Kaz in his hands. 

  Sasami was in her chambers, cooking... as usual. then she saw a Dark Robed 
Stranger phased up from below. He was holding Achika and Kaz! " Hey! Don't hurt 
them. " she ordered. The Dark Robed Stranger, who had his back to her, turned 
around. " Maxim? You're alive! " she gasped. " Hello Sasami. Where's Ryo-ohki? 
She's usually there with you. " Maxim replied. A familiar meow sounded from 
behind Maxim. It was a cabbit, but not Ryo-ohki. " That's Yen-ohki. Ken-ohki and 
Ryo-ohki's son. " Sasami informed Maxim. Maxim sat down in a chair and talked 
with Sasami. " I see you've grown older. Are you married yet? " asked Maxim. 
Sasami nodded yes, she was a little nervous. 
" What's the matter? You don't like me now or something? It's me Maxim! " 
replied Maxim. A loud slam could be heard coming from the door. At least 200 
soldiers were trying to enter. " Oh well! " sighted Maxim. He phased through the 
nearest wall. Leaving Achika and Kaz with Sasami.

 Blasts bounced off the walls as Maxim flew through the hallway. He needed time 
to teleport back to base. He flew around the corner and was charging up. A blast 
from behind hit him in on the shoulder. " I should've remembered you.... Washuu! 
" he growled. He knew how she tracked him, she was using a tracking device which 
locked on to his energy level. " How'd you survive that Rift in Time and Space? 
" asked the curious Washuu. " I just did... NO THANKS TO YOU THOUGH!!! " replied 
Maxim. Washuu was checking the power level of Maxim. " You're energy almost 
matches.... Kain's! " she informed him with surprised eyes. Maxim did what he 
came to do. Tenchi and Temcha were rushing in with swords drawn. " There he is! 
" hollered Tenchi. Maxim started laughing hystericly. He started powering up and 
then disappeared. " I got a track on his energy level. " announced Washuu. It 
was very, very obvious Tenchi was furious, his face was red with anger, " Let's 
go! " he growled. 


    " Where were you? " asked Kiyone. Maxim had reappeared back in his ship. 
Nothing was impossible to him any more. He could teleport halfway across the 
Galaxy in five seconds if he wanted to. " Just stirring up a Wasp's nest. " he 
replied. Now to Wait.


    Washuu pinpointed where Maxim was. " It's an abandoned Galaxy Police 
flagship. " she pointed out. Tenchi was getting his armor ready, and the Tenchi-
ken. Temcha just had on 1st class Armor on, and a sword Washuu made for him. 
Ryoko came walking in. " I'm ready! " she said. Ryoko was decked out in Battle 
Gear that resembled Maxim's old Battle Gear, just modified for Ryoko's body. 
Washuu was going to stay to protect the children.

   Maxim was waiting for Tenchi. " Why isn't he here? " he asked. The scanners 
weren't picking up anything. Then it hit him. " Washuu could teleport them over 
here! " he realized. Just then a portal opened and out stepped Tenchi, Temcha, 
and Ryoko. " You were pretty easy to find Maxim, we tracked your power over 
here. That was pretty stupid to power-up and letting Washuu track you. " said 
Tenchi. Maxim starting laughing. 
" Here's the shocker kids, I wanted you to find me! " said Maxim. Tenchi leaped 
foward to slash at Maxim. But Maxim simply teleported behind him. Tenchi started 
taking wild swings of his sword. None hit Maxim, " Come-on Tenchi! You can do 
better than that. Yosho taught you. Come-on!! " screamed Maxim. Tenchi was 
already worn out. " Geez, you're grandfather put up a better fight than you. " 
hissed Maxim. Tenchi then realized what had happened, Maxim came down looking 
for him. Only Yosho was there, and he decided to fight Maxim. Maxim was the one 
who obviously won. Maxim killed Yosho. 
" YOU KILLED HIM? " asked Tenchi. Maxim only shrugged. " I'm guilty! " he 
giggled. 
Tenchi was all fired-up. He screamed and ran towards Maxim in a fit of 
unimaginable rage. Maxim pushed him aside and pulled out a little cylinder. " 
This is my Maxim-ken! " announed Maxim. The Energyblade turned on. " It is your 
destiny to die, Tenchi. I shall have my revenge. " Maxim snarled. Ryoko had 
taken enough of this, she started throwing energy blasts at Maxim. Nothing was 
hitting Maxim. Even with both Tenchi and Temcha, it seemed Maxim was invincible. 
The ship started shaking.

   Ayeka and Sasami were riding in a Jurai royal Warship. It was throwing 
everything at Maxim's ship. " Prepare to board " announced Ayeka. Mihoshi, 
Sasami, Ballton, Kamon, and Ayeka were ready to board. 

   Tenchi and Temcha were trying to get a clear opening at Maxim. But they just 
couldn't. A door opened and in entered Ayeka, followed by the others. " Good, I 
was hoping to have you all here. " announced Maxim. Kamon jumped into the blade 
fight with Maxim. Ballton & Mihoshi went looking for Kiyone. Ayeka was preparing 
to attack. 

  Maxim tore off his gloves, revealing a disgusting secret. His hands were burnt 
the the bone. " See what happened to me. " he said. Tenchi and Temcha stopped in 
their tracks. 
" You're going to suffer far worse than this my dear Tenchi. " hissed Maxim. " 
I'm not affraid of your energy blasts. Their just like Ryoko's! " retorted 
Tenchi. Maxim looked surprised. " Those? I haven't used that type of blast for 
about what? 5 years? I have become stronger. So strong that I use far more 
powerful attacks. " snapped Maxim. He starting charging up. Then a purple bolt 
of energy was flinged towards Tenchi. Temcha dove in front of it. Taking the 
blast head on. " NOOO!!! " screamed Ryoko. She had finally found peace after 
many years of lonliness and now she's back to chasing after Tenchi. Ryoko, in a 
maddened rage, raced towards Maxim. The two were locked into combat. Ryoko 
smashed Maxim in the face with a series of blasts. Then she followed that up 
with a combo of kicks and throws. She appeared to have the upper hand until 
Maxim grabbed her face. " Parting is such sweet sorrow. " he said and continued 
to fry Ryoko, with Electricity. Ryoko, the mighty space pirate... has died! " 
Now that that annoyance is gone. Who's next? " asked Maxim. He set his sights 
on..... Ayeka. 

   It was known that Maxim never really did like that bitchy princess. He 
finally got the chance for some sweet payback and after he did there was nothing 
left of Ayeka to even scrape off with a spatchela.  Kamon threw himself at 
Maxim, who was standing over the stein that was Ayeka. It knocked over the 
energized former-bounty hunter. Maxim got up, piveted to the right and stuck his 
Maxim-ken in Kamon's chest. Sasami started to cry, she ran towards Maxim and 
beat on his back with her fists. He turned around and was about to kill Sasami 
in the heat of passhion. He raised his blade and was bringing it down... then 
Kiyone pushed Sasami out of the way and Maxim instead accidently killed Kiyone. 

   Tenchi had seen enough of this. He threw the Tenchi-ken at Maxim. Maxim 
grabbed it and threw both his Maxim-ken and Tenchi-ken at the young Jurai King. 
Tenchi was impaled by both swords. It took Maxim awhile to realize that he had 
killed his only love... Kiyone. " What have I done!? NOOO!!! This is not me. 
What has happened here? " he asked. Sasami realized something somwthing was 
wrong. Maxim had turned back into his orginal self. The Rift must've caused an 
amnesia-like state. And it was now just cured and he's found out that he had 
killed Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Temcha, Kamon, and Kiyone. " Sasami? Is that you? 
What have I done. I killed almost everyone. " he asked. Sasami shook her head. 
Ballton and Mihoshi entered. Mihoshi saw Kiyone, dead! She and Ballton rushed 
Maxim. They both grabbed his cape. By instinct, he quickly disposed of them 
both. " No! I can't be doing this! " he said.Sasami walked forward and explained 
the whole situation. Maxim almost vomitted upon hearing it. " That Rift... it's 
the cause of all of this. " said Maxim. Using his newfound powers he and Sasami 
teleported back to Jurai. 

   Washuu was anxiously awaiting for Tenchi to return. What she got was Maxim 
and Sasami. " Washuu... get me that Time Machine. " ordered Maxim. Sasami told 
Washuu what had happened. Washuu agreed with Maxim's plan. He was going to go 
back in time to stop the Past Washuu from finding that energy the Black Hole. " 
Listen, you need to do anything possible from stopping the old me from finding 
that Energy. Just not kill her or anyone else. " said Washuu. Maxim was about to 
get strapped in, but Washuu stopped him. " Here this will dull down your powers. 
" she said as he injected some chemicals into his neck. Sasami was ready, and so 
was Maxim. This was the exact machine that sent Tenchi and friends back into the 
past to stop Kain. " Here We Go! " announced Washuu. She flipped the switch, and 
Sasami and Maxim were sent spiraling into the past.

   They appeared out in the forest, near the Masaki residence. It was three 
hours before Washuu conducted the experiment. They could see Young Sasami 
playing with Ryo-ohki down near the lake. Younger Maxim was watching them both. 
Yosho was sweeping the leaves off the stairs. They waited, " How much time left? 
" asked Maxim. " Two hours and 20 minutes. " replied Future Sasami. Then Past 
Maxim got up and talked to Young Sasami, " Let's think of something to do. " he 
said. " Let's go down to the carrot patch, and get some carrots for Ryo-ohki. " 
suggested Past Sasami. They both walked on down to the Carrot Patch. " The coast 
is clear. " said Future Maxim. " Okay. " said Future Sasami. Maxim lifted Sasami 
in his arms, " Geez you're heavier than before. " gasped Maxim, and carried her 
to some trees near the Carrot Patch. " They are there, so Washuu's most likely 
in her lab. " said Future Maxim. " Gee ya think. " replied Future Sasami. " 
Let's get ready! " said Future Maxim.

   Tenchi was trying to break up a fight between Ryoko and Ayeka. Just then, in 
busted two shadowy figures. They looked like they were in a hurry. They were 
headed towards Washuu's lab. " HEY! WHAT'RE YOU DOING? " asked Tenchi. The 
taller figure swung around. " M..M..MAXIM? " asked Tenchi. Ayeka recognized the 
other one. " Sasami? " she asked. Maxim wearing the type of clothes you'd expect 
Kagato to wear, he had longer Wavier hair, and most of it was grey. Sasami was 
dressed in Jurai soldier armor, mainly cause she had put that on cause she was 
going to join the fight against the Berserk Maxim,
and didn't have her hair in that large pigtail getup. " We have pressing matters 
to attend to Tenchi.(Pulls out little box) We're from the future, and we're here 
to stop something from happening. " said Maxim. He pulled out three small 
glowing drop thingies, and with swift prescision, placed them on the heads of 
Ryoko, Tenchi and Ayeka. " These will remove any knowledge they had of us. " 
said Maxim. They entered the lab of Washuu. " It's like I remembered it. " said 
Maxim. They hid behind some machinery, waiting. " Hey, why didn't you guys do 
this for me? You know, go back in time and stuff. " asked Maxim. " Cause by the 
time we finished rebuilding Washuu's lab, in fact the entire house. Some major 
issues arose, Jurai related things and that kind of stuff. " replied Sasami. 
Maxim was curious, " How'd you meet that Kamon guy anyway? " asked Maxim. Before 
Sasami could answer, Past Maxim and Past Sasami entered. " It's time! " said 
Future Maxim. 
" Let's go! " said Future Sasami. Future Maxim pulled her back down. He was 
waiting, 
" What are you waiting for? " asked Future Sasami. Just then... the portal 
opened....

  " Sasami! Get Out! " screamed Past Maxim. Tenchi appeared, followed by Ryoko 
and Ayeka. Past Maxim was flying to get Washuu, Ryo-ohki, and Sasami out. Future 
Maxim and Sasami were hugging the piece of stationary machinery. Maxim was 
counting... 5.. Ryoko comes and takes Washuu and Ryo-ohki, 4, Maxim still 
struggles to get up to Tenchi and friends, 3, Maxim throws Sasami. Future Sasami 
runs out to help. Tenchi and the others are amazed by this. " What the hell? " 
asked Ryoko. Future Maxim threw the little box to Future Sasami. 2, Maxim talks 
to Washuu, apparently Washuu doesn't see Future Sasami. Maxim is about to throw 
himself into the Rift. He does... halfway there Future Maxim flies up and grabs 
him. " Who are you? " asked Past Maxim. " You if I fail! You're needed here. " 
replied Future Maxim. He picked Past Maxim and threw him to the others and lets 
himself get ingested. " GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!! " he screamed. Everyone 
dashes out.

   Inside the Rift, Maxim was coping with the beams of energy. he then found 
what he was looking for, the Controller. 

   Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Ryo-ohki, Past Sasami, Future Sasami, Washuu, and Past 
Maxim were outside. " That guy was me? " said Maxim. Washuu wasn't even paying 
attention, she was more worried about her lab. Just then, Future Maxim was 
trying to teleport there and handed the controller to Washuu. Then disappeared. 
" Maxim! " cried Future Sasami. He had killed her husband, but that was him when 
he was evil, and berserk. He didn't know what he was doing. Now he's the good 
ol' Maxim she loved as a child. He was gone to her again, just like before. With 
a few quick buttons, the Rift was gone.

   Inside the Rift, Maxim could feel himself disappearing, being erased from 
time. " I have payed for my crimes. " he said. He started doing something he 
never ever did... cry. " I'll be there soon Kiyone. None of this will have never 
happened. " he sobbed. That was the last thing he said before disappearing 
completely. 

   Future Sasami had just finished putting on last glowing of the glowing drops 
on Past Maxim's head, before she started to disappearing. Ayeka was crying. 
Future Sasami came up and told her something. " What I get Tenchi? I really do? 
" asked Ayeka. But then Future Sasami was already gone, erased like Future 
Maxim.

  18 years later....
    " Congratulations Tenchi, you're a father. " said Maxim as he patted Lord 
Tenchi on the back, also while giving him a cigar. They all were on Jurai, 
celebrating the birth of Tenchi and Ayeka's children. Kiyone was there talking 
about how wonderful being married is to Princess Sasami. " How's my lovely wife 
doing? " asked Maxim. Kiyone blushed. " Fine Honey. " replied Kiyone. They both 
had wedding rings on their hands. Washuu appeared and was with Queen Ayeka, who 
was holding the two babies, Achika and Kaz. " They look just like you two. " 
commented Maxim. He then turned to Sasami. " How' your date going with that 
Kamon guy? " he asked. Sasami revealed a little packet to him, holding a 
beautiful wedding ring. " From Kamon? " he whispered. Sasami nodded yes. " Keep 
it secret please. " she asked. " I never saw the thing. " replied Maxim. She 
smiled. 

     After the Celebration, Maxim and Kiyone were back on Earth, in the attic at 
the Masaki residence. They were celebrating the anniversary of their marriage. 
With wine glasses and expensive Vodka. " I love you Maxim. " said Kiyone. Maxim 
sipped on his Vodka. " I love you two my love. I would rather die than never get 
to be with you. " he said. They both kissed. 

   2 years later....

   " Congrats kid, you've entered Manhood. " said Maxim as he, Tenchi, and 
Temcha shook hands with Kamon. The foursome entered the Throneroom, where Sasami 
was talking with Ryoko, Kiyone, Ayeka, and Mihoshi. " How's the bride doing? " 
asked Maxim. " Great! Thanks for keeping it a secret. " replied Sasami. " He 
knew all this time and you never told me? " asked Ayeka. Tenchi and Maxim walked 
out onto a terrace. 
" It took two years to plan that whole marriage thingy. " said Maxim. Tenchi 
just laughed, eveything was good. " It took a long time getting here. But we 
made it. " said Maxim. Tenchi agreed. " Too bad the adventures are over. " he 
said. Maxim was confused by this, 
" That's right.. but I really think more are on the way. " said Maxim. They both 
toasted to that by clinging Wine glasses together.

    " Okay Everyone, time to take a family photo. " announced Washuu. Sasami, 
Ryo-ohki, and Mihoshi were in the front. Ayeka, Kiyone, Ballton, and Ryoko were 
the middle. Then finally Maxim, Tenchi, Temcha, and Kamon, plus lil' Washuu were 
in the back. The camera flashed. 




      The End of one sage
       
            The Beginning of another....

  
     Well did you like it? This is actually an alternate universe to my own 
stories. which include Maxim. I wanted to something more than just the regular 
old script form I usually do. Also I'm thining about going back and remaking the 
original New Friend story, make it more better and seem more professional. I may 
one day continue where this one left off. I was thinking about having a story 
where it involves Tenchi's children being kidnapped. Well... see ya around.
   

