The Last Great Adventure
By Phillip Masters (PMasters@webtv.net) and Barry Mortichesky, Jr. 
(flagg@hhs.net)


Prologue

"Miss Washu, you are becoming downright sloppy, just look at that mess 
over there cluttering one side of your labratory." Said Aeka as she, 
Sasami, and Tenchi exited the subspace labratory of little Washu.

"Oh, just an invention I've changed my mind on." replied Washu with a 
dismissive wave. "I'm just going to use some of the parts, then send it 
into another dimension. I'll be out to dinner as soon as I finish up 
here." She finished as everyone piled out the doorway back to Earth.

Alone in her labratory, a reflective Washu thought to herself 'Yes! 
Considering the bungling intruders here and what they have done with 
some of my other creations... it is sheer GENIUS of me to hide my most 
important invention in the trash heap!' Washu smiled wryly.

As her computer disappeared into another dimension, she said to herself 
"Yes, soon it will be finished, and this time...it wont be ruined by 
meddlesome intruders." The absent minded woman began to activate the odd 
object that was sticking from the pile of junk.

Tenchi looked out the window. Suddenly, a feeling of inexplicable dread 
passed over him. As he stared into the murky darkness of the lake, 
accented only by the slight glow of the crescent moon, he tried to 
pinpoint the source of his discomfort. Nothing in particular came to 
mind. As a matter of fact, his life seemed to be going better than it 
had in ages. He shivered as the feeling washed through him again.

After another moment of contemplation, he arose from the couch. Well, he 
thought, sitting here certainly isn’t going to shed any light on my 
problem. He climbed the stairs, intent on losing himself in a new manga. 
This was obviously not meant to be, for Ryoko chose that moment to 
shower Tenchi with more of her unique affections.

Tenchi groaned as the demoness' hands worked their way about his frame. 
He felt her breasts press up against his back most suggestively. Not 
that Tenchi didn't appreciate, or like, such things; he simply found it 
embarrassing and possibly hazardous to his health. The latter certainly 
more probable with the arrival of a certain purple haired princess.

That princess just happened to be walking around the corner at that 
moment. What a coincidence. She glanced at Tenchi for a moment, her face 
lighting up. Then, she turned about as if she forgot something. Tenchi 
let out a great sigh as he felt Ryoko double her efforts.

Ayeka froze. Something was just not registering properly with her. 
Something was most out of place in the picture of Tenchi she had just 
developed in her mind. He was okay, albeit a bit nervous for some 
reason. However, there were the curious arms wrapped around him from 
behind. On top of that, her Tenchi-sama seemed to have grown an odd head 
of cyan hair. Ayeka began to turn back around.

Yosho sipped his tea as he felt an incredible rumble around him. He 
grinned ever so slightly as it faded away. He wondered how his grandson 
had fared this time around. He was rather caught off guard as a powerful 
shockwave blew through the shrine. Almost reflexively he brought up a 
shield, protecting himself from the harsh winds. Unfortunately, this did 
not help the building at all. So, the shrine that had withstood weather 
and man for seven hundred years finally gave up the ghost. Yosho watched 
helplessly as his shrine, his baby, was torn from its foundation and 
ripped apart almost instantaneously. He turned his head toward the 
source of the blast. Nothing greeted his vision. Nothing he expected 
anyway. Where the house once stood, there was only a plain. A desolate
badlands, devoid of any noticeable life. For miles around, this same 
view met his eyes. Only the lake still lay placid and calm, as though 
nothing had happened at all.

To say the least, Yosho was distraught. He rose, and literally flew down 
the hill, using his power to expedite his journey. He arrived at the 
place the house once stood, only to find a hole. not a hole in the 
ground, a hole in space and time. Upon closer inspection he realized 
this was the gate to Washu's lab without the actual, physical door. He 
looked in to see another world. A vast metallic plain extended from the 
gate's event horizon to flow outward forever. Dark storm clouds seemed 
to roil endlessly in a black sky, never to drop rain or dissipate. The 
only thing that broke the macabre atmosphere was the presence of a red 
haired girl, unconscious on top of a small floating pillow.

"Washu!" Yosho cried out reflexively as he dashed in to the alternate 
world before him. he broke some land speed records of multiple worlds as 
he made his way to the lone scientist. upon reaching her he placed his 
hand behind her head, simultaneously feeling for injury and signs of 
life as he lifted it ever so gently. "Washu?" he whispered, wiping some 
dust from her young face.

The genius sneezed before wheezing the words "Call me, 'Washu-chan'." 
Then, she sat up completely, trying to clear her head.

"Washu-chan! What happened?" Yosho asked urgently.

Washu looked around, trying to get her bearings. "Hm. It seems it didn’t 
work the way I expected." She said, her eyes narrowing.

Yosho evolved a confused expression. "What didn’t work?" 

Washu looked at Yosho as though just noticing he was there. "Oh, well, I 
was doing an experiment involving the influx of neutrinos through the 
parallel sector of unrelated pseudo-space gateways. I was attempting to 
control the flow of these virtual particles…"

"Washu-chan," Yosho interrupted, "Please, just tell me what went wrong. 
What happened to everyone?" 

Washu looked slightly annoyed. "Well, a number of things could have 
happened."

Yosho looked worridly at the 'ground'. "Well, they are okay, aren't 
they?"

Washu's voice took on a tone of concern. "I can't be sure of that, but I 
believe so. I think they were simply translocated into other dimensions. 
A simple enough problem to solve, if one knows how."

Hope shone through Yosho's rough features. "I take it you know how, yes 
Washu-chan?"

She smiled at him. "Of course! I am, after all, the greatest scientific 
genius in the Universe!"

Yosho smiled back, convinced that everything would be okay. After all, 
didn't it always turn out okay?

END PROLOGUE


The Last Great Adventure
Part One: The Journey Begins

Washu stared at the readings on her holoscreen. She typed a few more 
coordinates into the data stream that was being renewed constantly 
before her eyes. She noted the particular aggitations in the flow, her 
experienced gaze easily finding distortion in the amazing chaos.

Yosho stood behind her feeling like he was in kindergarten. He couldn't 
make anything out of the odd river of color that was taking up Washu's 
panel. So, he simply waited, him being a master of patience.

After what seemed like a year, actually ten minutes according to the on-
screen cronometer, Washu spoke up. "I found one!" She declared, her 
fingers flying over the keyboard.

Yosho perked up instantly. "Who? Where?" He urged.

"Why, the easiest one to find, of course! Tenchi! His Jurai energy 
pattern sticks out like a sore tentacle."

"Okay, that's good. How do we go about retreiving him?"

Washu looked at him carefully. "I'm afraid only one person can be 
transported. At my current level of power, this is all that is possible. 
Unfortunately, once transported, that person will lose all contact with 
this dimension. There are too many unknowns. I can't predict anything in 
this situation."

Yosho stared at Washu grimly. Inside, he felt like blowing something up. 
"You must go then." His tone was one of dire seriousness.

Washu didn't miss this fact. Yet, she still needed to know one thing for 
sure. "Why?"

"Because you are best suited to get in, find Tenchi, and get out in the 
fastest time. If there was some way of telling me what to do, I could 
go. However, you are the expert at transdimensional travel. So, you are 
the most logical choice. Believe me, I wish it were otherwise."

Washu kept her eyes locked with Yosho's for a moment longer before 
looking away. "Allright. I will go. I will hopefully be back soon."

Now Yosho looked curious again. "What can I do? Anything at all?"

Washu shook her head in negation. "I'm afraid not, Yosho, I shall close 
the gate when I transport. The question is, do you want to wait here, or 
outside?"

"I shall stay here." He stated firmly.

"As you wish. I do not know how long I'll be, so I will try to reproduce 
the lower story of the house for you to rest and eat in. I will try to 
be as quick as I can."

"Thank you, Washu-chan. I will await your return."

END PART ONE

This fic written by Phillip Masters and Barry Mortichesky, Jr.
Comments and Criticism appreciated!
