This is the sequel to The Bet.  Please read it first or you're going to be 
totally lost.  This is really the 16th chapter of The Bet, but I felt that I 
should end The Bet after 15 chapters and I'll likely do the same with this one.

I'm not making any money from this story being published.  The characters aren't 
mine.

The Gamble
By Kenzie Kennedy

	Ryoko yawned and sat up in bed after stretching.  "Wow," she thought.  
"Washu's not up yet?"  She slid out of bed and walked toward her closet.  

	After she got dressed, she walked downstairs.  Washu was up with her hair 
in a bun making breakfast.  She looked up as Ryoko entered the room and smiled 
at her daughter.

	"Good morning, my little Ryoko." Washu said.  "How do you want your eggs?"

	"Scrambled, Mom." Ryoko said bleary-eyed.  

	As Washu was scrambling the eggs, Ryoko got her eyes open.  Two plates 
were laid down.  Ryoko started to gobble her food down, while Washu poured some 
juice.

	"Ryoko, you and Tenchi have a decision to make." Washu began.

	Ryoko gulped down her eggs.  "Decision?"

	"Mm-hmm," Washu nodded.  "The only people who know about your engagement 
yesterday are Ayeka, me, Tenchi, and you.  The other people in the house are 
going to want to know as well.  I'd suggest you tell them as quickly as 
possible."

	Ryoko grinned.  That was no problem.  She'd been wanting this for years 
and the urge to shout it out to the world was getting too much to suppress.

	Washu continued.  "Then there are a few other people who have to know."  
At Ryoko's confused look, she grinned.  "You just engaged yourself into the 
Juraian Royal family.  I think the emperor and his wives are going to want to 
know and probably make a public affair out of it."

	Ryoko's head hit the table.  "What have I done?" she moaned.

	"It's not that bad.  You stand there, smile, and wave.  Let everyone else 
do the talking." Washu consoled her.

	"What if they don't like me?" Ryoko said anxiously.

	Washu stared at her daughter like she was crazy.  "First you obsess over 
the Juraians hating you and now you're worried that the emperor and Misaki and 
Funaho won't like you.  Funaho already likes you and Misaki loves everyone.  The 
emperor," Washu shrugged, "as far as I know, he doesn't like anyone except his 
wives."

	Ryoko moaned and ate her breakfast.

***

	Washu and Ryoko had a mid-day breakfast.  The next time they saw anyone 
was at lunch.  Ryoko shot a longing look at Tenchi.  He could see from her 
expression that she was bursting to tell everyone.  He grinned and gestured to 
the table.

	Ryoko smiled and cleared her throat.  Washu cast a knowing glance at her 
daughter and ended her conversation with Mihoshi.  

	"I have something to say." Ryoko said.  Everyone gave her their polite 
attention.  "Last night, Tenchi asked me to marry him and I said yes."

	The table erupted with cheers from everyone.  Mihoshi started to cry and 
shriek that it was so wonderful and that she was moved.  Sasami leapt up and 
hugged Ryoko and Tenchi, one after the other until they couldn't breath.  Washu 
looked with pride at her daughter.  A thought occurred to her and her face went 
blank.  She filed it for later.  Ayeka looked at Tenchi with quiet love in her 
eyes.  Now that she had Balar, she could feel her love turning to something more 
brotherly toward him.  

	Balar looked at everyone confused.  "Tenchi, what does "marry" mean?"

	Mihoshi chirped, "It's when you love each other that you get married."

	Balar absorbed this information.  "Oh," he said.  He turned to Ayeka.  
"Will we get married?"

	Ayeka looked at him in shock.  The whole table went silent.  Ayeka blushed 
so hard she matched her pink dress.  "Um," she stammered.

	"Let me take care of it, Ayeka." Washu saved her from having to answer.  
"Balar, marriage is a ceremony.  This ceremony says to the law that these two 
people are together.  Otherwise, no matter how much you love each other, the law 
doesn't recognize your love.  Marriage permits the wife to take your last name 
as hers, the bills that you create together are yours to pay off, and a lot of 
other neat stuff like being able to sleep by each other's side at night without 
being shot by Ayeka's father."

	Washu continued.  "But what the ceremony's primary cause is to join two 
people together.  Not literally, though," Washu considered, "I could probably do 
it.  It joins the two people in soul, in love, in the eyes of the law and people 
around them.  It also prohibits you sleeping with another woman or man while you 
are married, so that you know any children that you and Ayeka might have are 
truly yours biologically."

	"The part you don't get is that this ceremony called marriage is supposed 
to be forever.  Sometimes it doesn't end up that way and it can be dissolved.  
You don't make a snap decision on marriage.  If something is supposed to be 
forever, if you're going to choose to be with Ayeka forever, then you think 
about that decision to ask her to marry you for a long while.  Don't you, 
Tenchi?" Washu said.

	Tenchi, caught up in Washu's explanation, almost didn't answer his cue.  
"Yes, I waited a while to ask Ryoko to marry me."  His shoulders slumped.  
"Well, not that long.  But Balar, Ryoko and I have known each other a long time.  
We've known each other ever since I was young.  You've only known Ayeka a month 
or two."

	Balar nodded.  "So I should wait years?"

	Washu chuckled.  "No!  Wait until you've done a bit of research on 
marriage and relationships and then decide on asking.  But wait a few more 
months or you'll probably shock Ayeka into silence again."

	Ayeka was still looking at Balar, blushing, with her mouth hanging wide 
open in shock.  The family laughed and went back to eating lunch.

***

	After lunch, the four went to the library to study Tenchi's lessons 
together.  To their amazement, it wasn't much different than the ones Washu had 
been providing.  More etiquette and who was what lord and lady, but the same 
format.  Washu came in with snacks around two and they were gone by three as 
usual.

***

	After the video and an hour to go until dinnertime, Ayeka whispered into 
Ryoko's ear.  A short mental call to Washu and affirmation and they were on 
their way.  

***

	Balar looked around the large house that Ryoko had led them to.  Ayeka had 
smiled and led him to the spaceship garden.  They wandered around the garden and 
Balar looked with wonder at what his lady had done.

***

	While Balar and Ryoko were in the garden, Ryoko asked Tenchi a very 
important question.  Biting her lip, she asked, "Don't you think we should tell 
the rest of your family?"

	"Dad won't be home until dinner and Grandfather probably already knows." 
Tenchi replied.

	"No, your Other family." Ryoko stressed "other".

	Tenchi's eyes found the answer Ryoko was looking for.  "I suppose so." 
Tenchi said.

	Ryoko sighed and hit the numbers for Lady Funaho's phone.  Lieutenant 
Rayfin was at the phone and he saluted to the prince.  Tenchi nodded to him and 
Funaho appeared a few moments later.

	"Tenchi, I don't mean to be brief, but I'm in the middle of a meeting." 
Funaho said, sounding a bit rushed.

	Tenchi and Ryoko glanced at each other.  "It's important, Grandmother." 
Tenchi said calmly.

	Funaho sat down and made herself comfortable.  "What is it?" she asked.

	Tenchi took a deep breath and said, "Ryoko and I are engaged."

	Funaho's face didn't change for a moment and then joy erupted on her face.  
"Congratulations!" she cried.  "Your grandfather will be so pleased!"

	"Yes, my grandfather's been pushing for it." Tenchi revealed.

	Funaho's face became puzzled.  "He has?  He hasn't let me know about it."  
Her confusion cleared.  "Oh, not my son, the emperor will be pleased."

	"Azusa?" Tenchi gulped.

	"Yes, you must come to Jurai soon and make the announcement."  Funaho 
looked thoughtful.  "Tomorrow would be best.  I can set up the news broadcasts 
then.  I must run and tell Misaki!  Congratulations again!"  Funaho ran off.

	Ayeka and Balar came back into the room.  "So what did mother say?" Ayeka 
asked.

	Tenchi looked dazed.  "She said that she's going to set up broadcasts and 
I have to go to Jurai tomorrow."

	Chuckling was heard from downstairs and the four of them leaned over the 
banister.  Washu was downstairs looking amused.  "If you're lucky, Tenchi, the 
only ones who will have to go will be you, Ryoko, and I.  The emperor's going to 
pass up a chance to see his daughters?  Not likely.  Ayeka, do you feel sick all 
of a sudden?"

	Ayeka cracked a small smile on her face.  "Yes, Washu, I do feel faint all 
of a sudden."

	"I thought so." Washu told her with a grin on her face.

***

	After dinner, Washu was in her lab, while everyone else was finishing up 
their baths.  A beep went off and Washu, without looking, hit the button that 
would pop up the screen.

	"Lady Washu," Funaho said.  

	"Hello, Funaho.  Plans all set?" Washu typed in more data.

	"Yes, everyone is to come tomorrow." Funaho sighed.

	"Nope, Ayeka's come down with a slight cold.  Sasami's staying to nurse 
her.  Mihoshi can't leave the planet with them here.  And incidentally, Balar's 
staying here as well.  The only guests tomorrow will be me, Tenchi, and Ryoko." 
Washu grinned.

	Funaho hid a smile.  "Thank you, Washu." She said gently.

	"No problem.  Is this come as we are or-?" Washu led off.

	"Proper clothing will be here.  There will be a half hour interval before 
the parade of reporters begin."  Funaho and Washu made further arrangements.

***

	The next morning, Washu stretched her hands over her head.  Blinking her 
eyes a few times, she stumbled out of bed and to the kitchen.  Pausing to make a 
cup of tea, she then walked up the stairs to Ryoko's room.  

	Her daughter was sprawled all over the bed as usual.  Washu smiled at her 
sleeping form.  She walked forward to sit on the edge of the bed and wait for 
her daughter to wake up.

	It didn't take long.  As if she could sense her mother's presence in the 
room, Ryoko woke about 30 seconds after her mother sat down.  "Morning, Mom," 
Ryoko muttered, wiping her eyes.

	"Good morning, my little Ryoko.  It's seven thirty in the morning." Washu 
told her.  "Last night, while the rest of you were taking your baths, Funaho 
called.  We're due on Jurai in two hours."

	Ryoko sat up in bed, her eyes clouded with worry.  "Funaho says that we'll 
have to dress in the proper clothing that she's arranged for us.  Tenchi, you, 
and I are the only ones going."  Washu grinned.  "Lady Funaho was very pleased 
when I told her Ayeka had a cold."

	Ryoko laughed.  Washu looked at her daughter, eyes laughing.  "But, I'm 
pretty sure that we're going to be rushed through the dressing part.  So," Washu 
pointed to Ryoko's hair, "I'll have to do something about that."

	Ryoko narrowed her eyes.  "What's wrong with it?"

	Washu shrugged.  "Nothing.  Except that it's sticking off in five 
different directions."

***

	Nine fifteen in the morning, Washu, Ryoko, and Tenchi were in the living 
room about to cross through the portal.  Washu had told Sasami to go get Tenchi 
while she fussed over Ryoko's hair.

	Tenchi gazed at his lovely Ryoko.  Her hair glistened and shone and 
actually looked a little calmed down.  Still spiky, but moderately so.  He 
leaned close to her and whispered in her ear, "You look wonderful."  The 
grateful expression in her eyes made it worth the bravery to give her a 
compliment.

	A bright red head popped up between them.  "And what about me, Tenchi?" 
Washu batted her eyes at him.

	"Washu!" Ryoko growled.  

	Washu snorted.  "Ryoko!"  Turning back to the portal, she walked through 
it.  Hand in hand, Ryoko and Tenchi followed, holding on for reassurance, love, 
and hope.

***

	They stepped out into a veritable circus.  The Emperor and his wives were 
at the entrance as were several lords and ladies and servants.

	Misaki leapt forward and tried to hug Washu, but Washu slid out of the way 
and Ryoko got strangled instead.  "Oh, I'm so happy to see you again!" the woman 
cried.

	Ryoko's face got redder and redder until Tenchi tapped her on the shoulder 
and drew her attention.  Then Tenchi got strangled, too.  Washu smiled as she 
cleverly evaded the woman.

	"Lady Washu, so nice to see you in person again." Funaho said with a 
smile.

	"Very nice.  Yosho says hi, by the way." Washu winked at her.

	"The rooms are this way, if Misaki," Funaho raised her voice, "has 
displayed her affections to their utmost capacity."

	Misaki turned to her sister and smiled.  "Oh, yes.  They must see the 
clothes.  We picked them out together and they're wonderful."

***

	Washu and Ryoko had been led to a room together and Tenchi had been put in 
a room alone.  He looked at the foreign garments.  "Oh, man.  What am I supposed 
to do now?"

	"Ahem?"

	Tenchi turned to find an older man waiting.  "Yes?" Tenchi said.

	"I am to help you, your highness." The man bowed.

	"Okay.  Thank you.  I've never seen this type of clothing before." Tenchi 
admitted.  The man didn't bat an eyelash but simple made the gesture that before 
he could advise Tenchi on how to dress, the original clothing had to be taken 
off.

***

	Ryoko looked with distaste at the royal clothing.  Washu had stripped off 
and begun putting it on already.  "Uh, Washu?" she said absently picking up a 
piece of material.

	"Yes, Ryoko?" Washu said slipping into the various folds of cloth.

	"How do you put this on?" she asked.

	Washu looked at her daughter's expression and had to try not to laugh.  
"Okay, this piece goes on first." She started.

***

	They both stepped out at the same time.  Tenchi looked very princely in 
his white and red outfit.  Washu and Ryoko were dressed elegantly in blue and 
gold.  The wives came to collect them and they were off to the conference.

***

	After having been seated around the table, the Emperor made his 
announcement.  "Tenchi Masaki is now the heir to the throne of Jurai.  He has 
become engaged to the Lady Ryoko and they will rule together when I stand down."  
The speech went on about inane little details that most Juraians found 
fascinating, but Earthlings did not.

	Ryoko started to pick at the braiding on the costume until Washu Hissted! 
at her though the link.  "Well, I can't help it.  It's boring." Ryoko thought 
back.

	"Get used to it.  Either that or make it less boring when you rule." Washu 
told her.

	"Can't I at least get rid of these sleeves?  If I have to fight, they're 
going to get in the way." Ryoko pleaded.

	"A palace full of guards to protect you and you're worried about 
fighting?" Washu said, sounding exasperated with her daughter.

	Emperor Azusa ended his speech with, "Now you may ask questions."

	The first reporter asked his question of Funaho.  "Lady Funaho, how do you 
feel about the engagement?"

	She answered calmly, "I feel fine about it.  After all, I'm not the one 
being married this time.  If either of these people have half the butterflies I 
had, I wish them luck."

	The laughter after her comment set a good mood for the next question.

	"Prince Tenchi, will you rule from Earth or Jurai?" asked a pretty lady 
reporter.

	"I haven't quite decided yet.  I don't know Jurai very well, but Earth 
will always be my home." He finished.  Lady Funaho favored him with a nod, 
letting him know that he had done well.

	"Lady Washu, how do you feel about your daughter marrying the prince?" 
someone shouted.

	"It's her decision in the end.  Overall, I feel confident that they're 
doing the right thing." Washu spoke with deliberation.

	"Lady Ryoko, you once destroyed Jurai under the control of Kagato.  Are 
you prepared to deal with the people who still dislike you?" someone asked.

	Ryoko's face went sadly contemplative.  "As I can never forgive Kagato," 
she said slowly, "I wouldn't expect the people to forgive me.  It was still my 
hand that caused the destruction even though I didn't want to and the faces 
still haunt me."

	Funaho quickly called on someone else.  The reporter stood up and asked, 
"Prince Tenchi, how does it feel to marry a murderer?"

	Emperor Azusa half stood up, his face thunderous, but Misaki made him sit 
down.  "It's a fair question.  Let him answer it."  He nodded curtly.

	"Her hands are awash with blood.  But it's not her hands that they should 
be stained with blood, it's Kagato's hands.  You haven't seen her when she 
remembers the past.  You haven't seen her curl into a ball and cry her eyes out 
for hours, remembering things that she didn't want to do, but was used like a 
tool.  I don't see her as a murderer, I see her as someone who survived at the 
murderer's hands." Tenchi looked at Ryoko with love in his eyes.  Tears shone 
from her eyes and she was fighting to keep them back.

	A reporter stood up.  "May I approach, Emperor Azusa?  It's a question of 
a personal nature for my own curiosity."  Azusa gave his permission and the 
reporter approached Tenchi.

	Five feet away, he shouted, "How does it feel to die!"  He started to run 
forward, energy sword in his hand.

	Ryoko phased in front of the man, her own energy sword battling his.  
"That's a question you should ask yourself." She shouted.

	They dueled fiercely around the hall with no one daring to intercede for 
fear of hurting the fianc‚ of the prince.  Washu followed her daughter's 
movements, knowing that if she slipped, she'd have to get her back to the lab 
immediately.  It crossed her mind to use her powers and blame it on technology, 
but Ryoko's mind quickly told her no.  

	Ryoko finally swung the sword out of the man's hands and it clattered into 
the wall.  The guards came forward to tie him up and march him away.

	Striding back to the table, she stopped.  Holding one of the large 
sleeves, she could see that half of it had been burned off.  Another couple of 
inches higher and it would have been her arm.  Looking defiant, she ripped the 
sleeves off, leaving tatters at her shoulders.  "Just in case I have to do that 
again," she announced.  

	She then ran to Tenchi and worried over him for a few minutes.  Looking 
into his face and asking him if he'd been hurt, scanning his body in case he was 
lying to her, and finally hugging him as if she'd never let go.

	The sound of pictures being taken caused the two to separate sheepishly.  
Washu was holding her sides and laughing out loud at the two of them.  Funaho 
was struggling not to laugh and losing.  Misaki was openly crying and the 
Emperor was demanding to know how that man got in here in the first place.

	But one thing had been said very clearly at this conference.  Ryoko was 
not an enemy of Jurai as long as Tenchi Masaki lived.
