These characters do not belong to me and I am not making any money from the 
writing of this story.  

The Courtyard
By Kenzie Kennedy

	Washu slid into her old slippers and padded her way upstairs to wake her 
daughter.  Nine days until the wedding.  Well, nine days and then the wedding 
day, really.  She mused this thought over until she reached her daughter's door.

	Opening it slowly, she peeked around the corner to see her daughter's 
sleeping form.  Washu smiled wistfully.  If only she had grown up with me.  I 
had everything planned out for her.  Schooling, parties...

	Ryoko turned over in her sleep.  Yawning, she stretched her arms, and her 
eyes lighted on her mother.  She gave Washu a sleepy grin and said, "Good 
morning, Mom."

	Washu smiled and walked over to sit on the edge of the bed.  "And how is 
my sleepy girl this morning?"

	Ryoko didn't answer.  Instead she stared at Washu's feet.  "What are 
those?" she asked.

	Washu looked down and grinned.  "Well, they used to be yours when you were 
smaller."  Washu waved her slippered feet up and down.  "When I opened the house 
again after the battle with Kagato I found them."

	Ryoko stared at them.  "Can I have another pair?" she asked.

	Washu's heart expanded a few notches.  "Of course you can!" she said 
cheerfully.  She took off the slippers and concentrated.  A few moments later 
she handed her daughter another pair of slippers.

	Ryoko got out of bed and slipped the Ryo-ohki slippers on her feet.  
Putting her hands over her head, she stretched.  Ryoko asked while yawning, 
"What's for breakfast?"

	Washu looked toward the ceiling.  "What do you want?  Eggs, bacon, Earth 
food, Juraian, Mephan?"

	Ryoko frowned.  "Maybe some Juraian cuisine.  I must learn to like the 
food if I'm going to be the queen."  She looked at her mother who had given her 
the "is this my daughter making like she's royalty?" look.  They both burst into 
laughter.

***

	Washu cracked the eggs open for breakfast and neatly split them over the 
pan.  She then turned and looked at the kitchen.  "Juraian, Juraian," she 
muttered.  Ryoko stared, fascinated at her mother.

	Washu turned around and looked pleadingly at her daughter.  "Um, couldn't 
you ask Misaki to take you to eat somewhere?"

	Ryoko shrugged.  "I don't know how long I'll be gone.  Funaho didn't say 
when she wanted me to show up."  Ryoko gave her mother a sly look.  "What, don't 
have the proper ingredients?"

	Washu glared at her.  "No, I just don't like cooking Juraian food.  
Sasami's better at it then I am!"  To change the subject, Washu quickly said, 
"So why don't you call Misaki?"

	Ryoko bit her lip.  "I don't know.  Do you think I should?  I mean, what 
if she's busy?"

	Washu felt her mind to into shock.  Ryoko was actually worried about 
interrupting someone.  No, even better than that, Ryoko was nervous!

	She said gently, "If she's busy then maybe she left a note."

	Ryoko glanced at her mother hesitantly.  "Okay.  Do you know the number?"

	Washu felt her hands go around the remote as she reached into mid-air.  
Punching a couple of numbers, a screen flashed into being and ringing was heard.

	"Yes?" a guard's face appeared.

	"We request to speak with the Lady Misaki." Washu said carefully.

	"I'm sorry, but the Lady Misaki is not seeing anyone today." The guard 
informed her.

	"Why?  Has something gone wrong?" Ryoko asked.

	The guard's attention swiveled to her.  "Oh."  The guard's face went away.  
Ryoko and Washu looked at each other and shrugged.

	Misaki's face came to the screen.  "Hi, Ryoko!"

	"Hi," Ryoko said cautiously.

	"Sorry about the guard.  He didn't know you were there until you spoke up.  
Oh, we're going to have so much fun today!" Misaki said to her.

	"Speaking of which, when did you two want to get started?" Washu inserted.

	Misaki's attention focused on Washu for a moment.  "Oh, hello, dear!  How 
are your inventions coming along?"

	"They're fine.  Ryoko and I have been wondering what time you wanted to 
get started on the garden." Washu smoothly said again.

	Misaki blinked.  "As soon as she can get here.  I cleared the whole day 
for her."

	Ryoko choked.  Washu patted her on the back and chuckled.  Misaki waiting 
for her and she starts having valve troubles!

	"Have you had breakfast?" Washu asked.

	Misaki looked longingly at the breakfast on the table.  "No.  I haven't."

	"Want to join us?" Ryoko asked.  Misaki's face lit up.

	Washu winked and stepped into a portal.  When she came back, Misaki was in 
tow.  "Ryoko, why don't you go and wake up Ayeka and Sasami?" Washu asked.  
Ryoko nodded and went through the door.

***

	"Ayeka?" she said, shaking the first princess gently.

	"Yes, I am awake." Ayeka said blearily.

	"Well, your mom just stepped through the portal to have breakfast with me 
and Washu so we thought you might like to talk with her over breakfast." Ryoko 
said.

	Ayeka sat ramrod straight and stared into Ryoko's eyes.  "Mommy's here?!" 
she squeaked.  Ryoko grinned.  Mommy, from Ayeka was still funny.

	Ryoko turned on her ankle and gently woke the second princess.  When 
Sasami heard the news, she jumped out of bed and started to get dressed.  

	"What's the rush, Sasami?" Ryoko asked.

	"You said mommy's here for breakfast.  I've got to hurry and make it." 
Sasami said to her.

	"My mommy-" Ryoko stopped herself and popped herself one on the head.  "I 
mean, Mom's making breakfast in the lab."  Sasami nodded and got dressed.

***

	Ryoko walked back into the house with both Ayeka and Sasami following her.  
After the infamous hugs from Misaki, the five of them sat down to the extra 
breakfast Washu had cooked.  

	"Ayeka, do you think I should take Ryoko to McQuaren's?" Misaki asked 
innocently, popping a big of egg in her mouth.

	Ayeka considered Ryoko.  "Yes, I think he's one of the people she'd deal 
very well with."  Ayeka winked at Sasami who giggled.  

	Misaki filled Ayeka and Sasami in on the gossip in the palace and they 
finally had to say their tearful good-byes.  Ryoko asked if Ayeka would weed the 
spaceship garden today and she nodded.  Washu skillfully distracted Sasami with 
her kitchen.  Misaki grabbed Ryoko's hand and they leapt through the portal.

***

	"Oh, that's fun!  Do you think Washu would set one up in the palace?" 
Misaki said.  Her face contorted.  "No.  I think she'd better not.  Anyone could 
use it then."  She sighed.  "It was a nice idea."

	Ryoko looked around.  Washu had placed them at the end of the lane that 
led to the palace.  She looked to Misaki for direction.

	Misaki caught her look and pointed toward the market.  "Onward!" she said 
with enthusiasm.  Misaki linked elbows with Ryoko and off they went, Ryoko 
staring at her like she was insane.

***
	
	The shock on the people's faces as they strode down the street was 
something you could touch.  Misaki was talking animatedly about McQuaren's with 
Ryoko trying to act interested.  

	Ryoko and Misaki jarred to a halt.  Ryoko looked around for an enemy, but 
saw only a brick wall about two feet high with dirt spilling over the sides.  
"This is it!" Misaki crowed.

	Ryoko's eyes popped out of her head.  While scrambling to recover them 
without getting too much dirt on them, Misaki kept talking.  "So what do you 
think, Ryoko dear?  This is the garden that we plowed under for you to work 
with."

	Ryoko finally got her eyeballs into place and she looked at the wide 
expanse of dirt that they had cleared out for her.  "It...should be adequate." 
She said breathlessly.  

	"Oh, good." Misaki said, linked elbows with her and marched off with Ryoko 
in tow.

***

	Ryoko started to smell something heavenly.  Misaki grinned at her and 
steered her toward the smell.  The smell grew even more intense.  They came 
around the corner and Ryoko got her first look at McQuaren's.

	There were at least twenty tables out front with flowers all over them.  
People teemed around them admiring.  Beyond them were ten-no, eleven 
greenhouses.  Ryoko's eyes bulged and she started forward eagerly.  The colors 
were brilliant and sedate, all colors of the rainbow.  The flowers were healthy.

	Ryoko tugged Misaki after her to the first table, her eyes feasting on the 
plants, ideas whirling through her brain.

	"They are nice, aren't they dear?" an elderly lady spoke to her.  

	"Yes," Ryoko breathed.  

	"Have you been-"  The woman stopped when she got a good look at Ryoko's 
face.  A look of terror swept over her and her hand flew to her mouth.

	Ryoko's face and body started to tense and she began to move away.  She 
bumped into someone and turned to make her apologies.

	"Yes, dear?" Misaki turned a bright face to the woman.  The woman eased 
and asked Ryoko, "Have you been here before?"

	Ryoko shook her head.  Why was everyone on this planet so scared of her 
after they had been told the truth!?

	"Ah."  The woman looked around as if searching for something.  "What are 
you looking for?  Anything special?"

	"Bleeding hearts?" a man said sarcastically to Ryoko's left.

	Ryoko shot him a nasty look.  Misaki started toward him.  "No." Ryoko 
said.  "He's got a right to be mad at me, doesn't he?" she asked Misaki.

	The woman looked at the younger man and snorted.  "Before I was 
interrupted, you were saying something about what you were looking for?"

	"Oh, she's looking for plants.  Tons of plants to decorate a small garden.  
You know the one that was plowed under?  The one in the market?  Well, Funaho 
and I thought it would be wonderful if she used her skills to decorate it for 
us." Misaki chirped.

	The elderly woman looked at Ryoko to see if it was true.  Ryoko grinned.  
"I was thinking of small beds maybe edged with the same brick that's on the 
outside."  Ryoko frowned.  "Misaki, are there any steps?"

	"Queen Misaki!" the younger man rapped out.

	"Nonsense, young man!" Misaki bellowed.  "We're family, or almost family 
and of equal rank.  She can call me anything she wants that's proper."  Misaki 
turned to Ryoko.  "Yes, there are some steps."

	"Then I'll do paths in there, maybe a fountain." Ryoko mused her eyes 
taking a far off glaze in them.  The elderly woman smiled benignly at her.

	"They have some beautiful fountains in here.  If you're going to do paths, 
don't make them out of wood chips or anything, they're hard for me to walk on." 
The woman patted her arm with her wrinkled skin and walked off.

	Ryoko looked down at her arm.  A Juraian just touched her arm!  And not to 
hurt her either!  Ryoko felt her arm.  She had never had an old person touch her 
arm.  I wonder why their skin doesn't feel like mine, she mused.

	Misaki gestured to the inside and Ryoko stepped in.  

***

	"Ryoko, not to sound impatient or anything, but are you ever going to 
choose anything?" Misaki said exasperated.

	Ryoko looked at her.  "We're buying the plants today?" she asked.

	Misaki rolled her eyes.  "Yes, we're buying them today.  All the materials 
are going to be bought today.  It's only eight o'clock, Earth time.  Washu told 
me that your lessons were cancelled today.  You have the entire day to plant 
this garden."

	"But who's going to carry it all?" Ryoko asked.  "I'm not going to carry 
it!"

	"That's why we have  people to do it for us.  McQueran's does deliver, you 
know.  You can have anything in here that you want, you just have to choose!" 
Misaki said to her smiling broadly.

	Ryoko turned back to the greenhouse and rubbed her hands, grinning evilly.  
Several patrons caught her look and moved quickly out of the way, fearing 
annihilation.  A man who was very broad appeared as if magically by her elbow.  
"Ah, Miss Ryoko!" he boomed.  "Welcome!"

	Ryoko, very startled, looked at the man.  "Who are you?" she demanded.

	"Why, McQueran, of course!  Do you need any help ladies?" he said in a 
quieter tone.

	"Yes, actually.  I've forgotten where the fountains are.  Could you give 
us a general direction?" Misaki asked her eyes big and pleading.

	"Of course, ladies!  It's in back of the second greenhouse." He said 
cheerfully grinning at Ryoko.

	"And how many delivery boys do you have at the moment?" Misaki asked.

	"All are at your disposal.  For the two loveliest ladies to grace my shop 
in a long while." He bent and kissed Ryoko's hand, then Misaki's.

	Ryoko thought idly that her hand had gotten in a lot of trouble today.  
"Could you have one of them follow me around?" she asked boldly.

	McQueran crooked his finger at two boys watering plants.  They immediately 
came to him.  "Will these two gentleman do?" he asked.  Ryoko smiled at them.  

	"Sure." She grinned.

***

	Exactly one hour later, Ryoko had exhausted the ten boys that McQueran's 
had and Misaki had to send for guards to tote flowers back to the market square.  
Ryoko had lost track of how many flowers she had actually bought and had now 
moved on to the fountains.

	Misaki favored the one which had the goddess Tsunami pouring water, while 
Ryoko shied away from that one in favor of a pale violet marble one that had 
beautiful birds.  Misaki said to buy them both and Ryoko agreed.

***

	On the way back, Misaki and Ryoko stopped into a marble store that had 
samples from the local stone quarry.  They chose the same brick that the garden 
had around the edges for the small beds of flowers.  

	"Shouldn't the fountains have something around them as well?" Misaki 
asked.  Ryoko nodded.  She walked over to look at small bricks of varied marble.  
Since the outside marble was a plain red color, Ryoko looked for something out 
of the ordinary.  She and Misaki finally settled on a marble that looked like an 
opal.  The walkway was to be done in small oval stones all interlocking.

***

	Misaki started to laugh once she saw the market square.  Ryoko flew up 
into the air to see how far it went.

	Trays of flowers lined the street.  The guards were guarding flowers to 
keep them from being trampled.  The fountains had been delivered and the guards 
were trying their best to keep the crowds from tipping them over.

	"Hey!" Misaki called out indignantly from below.  "No fair!"

	Ryoko settled herself on the ground.  She took Misaki's hand and flew up 
with her holding on.  "Wheeee!" she shouted.

	Ryoko settled them both on the ground.  "Your Majesty," the nearest guards 
said.

	"Okay, so do I have to set this up all by myself or what?" Ryoko demanded.  
Misaki looked at her.  

	"I'm not dressed for it." She objected.

	Ryoko looked at her.  "The queen of a planet in a marketplace can't 
convince someone to let her change in their dressing room?"

***

	At about nine thirty Earth time, Misaki and Ryoko were both digging in the 
dirt and having a fun time.  Since the stone wasn't here yet for the beds, they 
had decided to work on the outside for now.

	"Ma'am, the pathways have arrived." A guard alerted them. 

	"Good," Misaki said.  "Ryoko, would you direct the guardsmen where they 
should lay it?"

	Ryoko looked at her, shocked.  The guardsmen stood still.  "Um," Ryoko 
said.  She looked for somewhere to draw what she wanted by saw only dirt.  

	Sticking her finger into the dirt and observing the shape of the market 
square, she drew what she wanted.  One of the guardsmen discreetly found her a 
napkin and a pen.  She threw him a grateful glance and marked her pathways on 
the napkin.  The guardsmen passed it around and got started.

	Ryoko sighed.  Until they were done, there wasn't that much more to do.  
Suddenly inspiration struck.  "Hey, Misaki, where's the orphanage from here?"

***

	Ryoko peeked around the corner where the lady had said that Lacey and Art 
were playing.  Art happened to look up as she was looking at him.  He shrieked 
and ran to her, Lacey not far behind.

	Trying to make sense of what they were telling her, she finally held up 
her hands and stopped them.  "One at a time.  Art, what are you trying to say?"

	"They're really nice here and we get food whenever we want it and the toys 
here are great!" he said enthusiastically.  

	"Lacey?" Ryoko said.

	"Thank you." She said shyly.

	"Well, I've got another favor to ask.  I'm building a garden in the market 
square.  And I want you two to come help me.  How are you at digging in the 
dirt?" Ryoko asked.  The kids screamed that they were very good at it.

***

	When they got back to the garden, after procuring permission from the head 
person at the orphanage, the guards were done with the paths.  Ryoko sent Art 
and Lacey out to inspect the paths to make sure there weren't any cracks while 
she inventoried what flowers she had.

	Planning what flowers she wanted where in the back of her mind, she looked 
at the garden.  She really ought to put up the fountains next....

	"Ryoko, when can we plant some flowers?" Lacey asked.

	She smiled.  "Right now.  You see those bright pink ones?  Bring me just 
one package of those."  Lacey ran off.  She held up one six-pack of flowers 
asking for confirmation and Ryoko nodded.  

	Ryoko showed her and Art how to plant them.  Then Misaki and Ryoko got to 
work on the rest of the beds while the two children worked on that one little 
six pack of flowers.  The guardsmen got started on putting up the fountains.

***

	At about eleven o'clock Earth time, the fountains were up, three of the 
twenty-one beds were planted, and Ryoko had remembered something.

	Digging some spare money out of her pocket, she called Lacey and Art over.  
While they were trotting over, Ryoko pulled her little switch button out of her 
pocket.  It's been sticking into me all day, she thought.  I'll just put it 
right here.  She laid it between the outer edge of the bed and the wall.  

	"Here's what I'd like you to do.  It's very important and I forgot all 
about it."  She turned them around.  "You see those fountains over there that 
the guardsmen are filling with water?"  The children nodded.  "I forgot to get 
any fish for them." She whispered.

	The kids eyes went wide.  She nodded.  "Yup.  Typical adult forgetfulness.  
I want you to go to a good place to get fish.  A good place," she stressed.  
"Like the places that a queen would go into.  I want you to buy some ordinary 
bynari fish to put in there.  I want about thirty of them."  Art and Lacey 
nodded.  Ryoko gave them the money and they ran off.

	Ryoko straightened.  "Think we can get most of those beds finished by the 
time they get back, Misaki?"

***

	A figure melted out of the crowd and toward the two ladies in the garden.  
Under his cloak, his fingers twitched.  A small hand crept out of the cloak and 
plucked the activator from its place and pressed the button.

***

	Washu sat at her computer, chewing on licorice.  She vigorously bit off a 
sizable amount of the red chewy candy.  Just seconds away from finding out the 
answer to why ketchup was red instead of purple....

	*RING, RING*  *BRRRING, BRRRRING*  *WHEE-OOOH!*

	She sat up in her cushion and listened.  Her fingers typed quick command 
into her computer's keyboard.  Come on, come on! She cried mentally.  Where is 
it?  Why are all my alarms going off?

	A small spot moved toward the lab door on her screen.  She pounced off her 
cushion and ran toward the door.

	Washu heard it open before she could get to it.  She chased the caped man 
out of the house.  Sasami wanted to know where she was going, but Washu was in 
too big of a hurry to tell her.  

	The man fled across the field and started to pound his way up the stairs.  
Washu, in her child body, could not keep up with him.

***

	"Tenchi, you are not concentrating!" His grandfather said lazily.  Tenchi 
dropped his sword.  

	"I know, grandfather.  I can't help but feel something's wrong." He 
confessed.

	"All the more reason to practice.  It may be something you can fight with 
a sword." His grandfather went on.

	A figure in a dark cloak burst out of the bushes and headed toward Tenchi.

	But his grandfather was in the way.  With a few quick, well-placed taps of 
the bokken, his grandfather put his foot on the intruder's head.  "This is why 
you practice, Tenchi." He said calmly.

	Washu panted up to the two men.  "He got away!" she said indignantly.

	"Ah, Miss Washu.  Is this one of your experiments run amok?" Yosho asked 
quietly.

	"No!" she gave him a fierce look.  "He came through a portal, the one I 
gave Ryoko to use."

	"Ryoko!" Tenchi fixated his attention on her.  "Is she all right?"

	"Sure, Tenchi, she's fine.  I'd know, remember?" Washu tapped her 
forehead.  "Though, you might want to go check if it's okay with Lord Katsuhito 
here."

	Tenchi's grandfather bowed and Tenchi left through a portal.

	"So," Washu drawled, "who's the culprit here?"

***

	"Ryoko?" he called on the other side of the portal.

	Ryoko heard her name called faintly and she turned.  "Tenchi!" she called 
back and waved a hand.  Tenchi ran over to her and kissed her swiftly.  

	"Are you okay?" he asked concerned.

	Ryoko looked confused.  "Yes, of course I am.  What's wrong?"  Tenchi 
quickly explained about the man who had come through the portal.

	Ryoko swore.  "Washu's going to have to imprint that thing with DNA so 
that only I can trigger it." She said.

	"Ryoko, we got the bynaris," a young female voice said.  Ryoko turned to 
find both Art and Lacey holding out fish.

	"That's great!" Ryoko said and took a bag from Lacey.  "Look, Tenchi, 
aren't they great?" 

	"Who are you?" Art asked suspiciously.

	Tench looked at him.  "I'm Tenchi Masaki."

	Art's eyes got big.  "You're the next Emperor of Jurai!"

	Tenchi ran a hand through his hair nervously.  "I guess I am.  Can I see?"  
Art handed him the fish reverently.

	After looking at the fish, Tenchi took his first real look at the garden.  
"It looks wonderful, my love," he said softly.  They gazed at each other until a 
perky voice said, "Break it up, we've got problems."

	"Mom!" Ryoko growled.

	"Sorry.  That was no ordinary man that got through.  I just found out that 
he's an assassin.  And he was looking for Tenchi.  I want you off this planet 
immediately." Washu crossed her arms, piercing Tenchi with a fierce glare.  

	Ryoko gave him a slight shove toward Washu.  Washu turned toward her.  
"You too."

	Ryoko squawked at her.  "No arguments.  I don't want to have to fix you.  
You're messy after a fight."

	Misaki waved them on.  "I'll see that the children get back to the 
orphanage safely and then I'll go home."  Ryoko and Tenchi reluctantly left to 
find out more about the mysterious assassin.
