I don't own the characters and I'm not getting paid for writing this story.

The Exploring
By Kenzie Kennedy

	Tenchi blinked his eyes open in the morning.  He got dressed still half-
awake and walked downstairs to see if Sasami was up making breakfast.

	She was, as always.  And as usual, she asked if he'd go get Washu up.  
Washu had said yesterday that Ryoko and her would show up at breakfast more 
often and Sasami meant to hold her to it.

	Tenchi opened the door to the lab and called, "Little Washu?"

	"Ye-es?" she caroled back.  She was sitting to her computer in her usual 
tree and sky atmosphere.

	"Breakfast is ready." He told her.  She turned and looked at him.

	"Oh, I forgot breakfast." Washu looked puzzled.  "Now why would I forget 
breakfast?" she mused.  She snapped her fingers.  "Oh, that's right.  Ryoko 
wasn't in the house last night."

	"Where was she?" Tenchi asked a little concerned.

	"She stayed overnight at the palace.  She wanted to make sure the 
assassins didn't get loose.  The way that one was afraid of the Space Pirate 
Ryoko bit she gave him, I guess she thought the rest of them would be scared if 
she were there."  Washu shrugged.  "I'll call the palace and-"

	"I'm right here." Ryoko waltzed into the lab.  "Miss me?" she batted her 
eyes at Tenchi.

	Washu rolled her eyes and told her, "You're about to miss breakfast."  
Ryoko's eyes went wide as she ran for the door.  Washu stared after her.  "She's 
either being sarcastic or she's hungry.  I can't tell which."  Washu and Tenchi 
walked after Ryoko into the house to eat breakfast.

***

	Tenchi looked forward to his first day away from sword training with his 
grandfather for what seemed like years.  Ryoko noticed that he seemed to eat 
slower.  "Something wrong with your stomach?" she asked innocently.  "Does it 
have a hole in it?"

	"No," he grinned.  "I can take as much time as I want.  I don't have 
training with grandfather today."

	"Mm-hmm," Washu said from across the table.  "And when you go back in two 
weeks without keeping in practice at least a little bit, he'll trounce you."

	Tenchi visibly wilted.  "I hadn't thought of that."

	"I had," Washu told him.  "I think that you and Ryoko could spend some 
quality time together that way." 

	Ryoko and Tenchi looked at each other.  "But I'll hurt him," Ryoko 
objected.

	"She has real faith in your ability, doesn't she Tenchi?" Washu said with 
a sigh.

	"Tenchi can hold his own." Ayeka added firmly.

	"And what are you going to be doing today, Ayeka?" Ryoko asked.  

	"I am going to be training with Washu and then studying in the library as 
usual." Ayeka said to her.

	"That's right.  You two have been neglecting your studies." Washu stroked 
her chin.  "I wonder if I should start having tests...."

	"We'll get right on it today!  Won't we, Tenchi?" Ryoko nudged Tenchi in 
the side.

	"Sure!  Um, chores." Tenchi got up from the table and ran out the door.  
Ryoko was then fastened with Washu's gaze.  

	"Um, garden." Ryoko phased out and then into the lab.

	Washu chuckled.  "I thought they'd never leave, Sasami.  Now I can have 
the last fish without them gobbling it up."  She snatched the fish and gobbled 
it down.  Sasami giggled.

***

	Just after Tenchi finished his chores in the field, it started to sprinkle 
rain.  He headed back to the house quickly and it was a good thing he did.  
After his first foot had crossed the threshold into the house, it started to 
stream down rain, like silver threads reaching to the ground.

	Seeing that no one was about, he mentally checked off where they could be.  
Sasami had said something about groceries over breakfast so that was probably 
where she and Mihoshi were.  Ayeka and Balar were probably together either in 
the library or visiting Ryu-oh.  Ayeka hadn't done that lately.  Washu was 
probably working and Ryoko was in her garden.

	Tenchi smiled and started toward the lab door.

***

	"Washu?" he called a half hour later into the lab.  He was mentally 
berating himself for forgetting that one of the ladies had to be with him for 
him to even find the house.  

	"Yes, Tenchi?" she appeared right under his shoulder.

	"Aah!" he jumped.  "Um, where's Ryoko?"

	"In the house.  Come on."  Tenchi followed Washu into the house.  Washu 
pointed him in the direction of the garden and winked.  "She's working very hard 
so don't startle her, Tenchi."

	Tenchi made his way through the living room while Washu stepped quietly 
out the door.  She ran off to hook herself back up to the machine.  This project 
wasn't going to be completed on time if she didn't hurry!

***

	Tenchi hovered by the ivy covered trellis and watched his love working so 
diligently in her garden.  This was her one true love beside him.  Well, her one 
true love that wasn't human or in a body that resembled human.  She attacked the 
weeds with the ferocity that she had-

	His thoughts stopped for a moment.  She killed.  He searched his memory 
for something that would say he was wrong.  He lowered his eyes.  No, it was 
true.  That was the first person she had killed of her own free will.  And it 
had been for him.

	He made sure to make plenty of noise clacking his sandals on the stone, 
but she didn't appear to hear him.  "Ryoko..." he whispered softly.

	"Yes?" she answered in a voice that was monotone.

	He knelt down beside her from where she was weeding one of the beds.  
Giving her shoulders a slight squeeze, he said from the bottom of his heart, 
"Thank you."

	Ryoko looked up into his eyes.  "Thank you for what?"

	"Thank you for saving my life." He said.

	Ryoko looked at him, then at the patch where she had been weeding.  The 
trowel fell from her hands and she half-flung herself into his arms that were 
already waiting to hold her.  "What's wrong with me!?" she cried.

	Tenchi just held her and rocked her gently.  "What do you mean?" he asked 
when her sobs were a bit quieter.

	"I've killed before.  Why couldn't I sleep last night envisioning that 
man?" she asked, turning her tear-streaked face up to his.

	"Because you never killed anyone before that was you and not Kagato." He 
told her.  She considered that and nodded.  "I went through the same thing when 
Kagato died.  Only he didn't die in my mind.  He was gone, but there was no 
blood, no body." Tenchi revealed.

	"That's because that's the way his species dies." Ryoko informed him.

	"Yes, Washu told me that.  I cried for days." Tenchi confessed.  Ryoko 
took his hand and helped him up.  

	Once they were downstairs, Ryoko rummaged in the cabinet.  "I know that 
they're here," she muttered.  She finally pulled a cylinder box out of the 
cabinet.  "Ah-ha!"

	"What are those?" Tenchi asked.

	"This is my favorite tea.  Mom always kept a box for me and I wanted to 
know if she still did it." Ryoko told him.  She got two glasses of water and sat 
them down on the counter.  Opening the box, she took two tiny pellets from it 
and plopped them in the glasses.  They dissolved and she put the canister back.

	Sipping the tea, Ryoko closed her eyes and thought of better days.  Days 
of coming home from school and sharing a glass with Chiro, taking a glass to bed 
at night and being able to sleep in a darkened room.  

	"Hey, Ryoko, this is really good!" Tenchi said, breaking her out of her 
past.  She smiled at him.

	"It should.  It's peppermint tea." She told him, wrapping her hands around 
the cup.

	"I never knew you liked tea." He said.

	She grinned.  "You don't know a lot of things."

	Tenchi leaned forward and whispered, "But I'll enjoy finding out every one 
of them."

***

	Ayeka and Balar sat together in the library.  Ayeka was curled up reading 
while Balar was watching a video with headphones on.  

	Balar wasn't watching the video.  He was thinking about Ayeka as usual.  
This time he wasn't thinking about how her hair shone or how her skin was so 
soft.  No, this time he was thinking about what they were going to do.  If 
Tenchi was to become emperor, where did that leave Ayeka?

	He switched the video off, took off the headphones, and walked over to 
her.  Ayeka looked up at him as he approached.  "Yes, Balar?" she said in her 
quiet voice.

	"If Tenchi is to be the emperor, then what will you do?" he asked.

	Ayeka shifted her gaze to her book.  "There are cases of this throughout 
the years.  Sasami would have the been the cadet house of this generation.  Now 
both she and I are the cadet houses."

	"What does that mean, please?" Balar asked her.

	"It means that I will only rule if Tenchi dies."  At his horrified glance, 
she assured him that she didn't want Tenchi to die.  "If he lives, then I shall 
continue my life as a princess but with more freedom.  I have the freedom to go 
to school, to choose a career, or to become an advisor to Tenchi, if he wishes 
it."

	"I understand that this costs money." Balar said his brow wrinkling.  

	Ayeka nodded.  "Yes, it does.  The Juraian empire will pay for all of it."

	"So I do not support you?" Balar questioned.  Ayeka shook her head.  "But 
all of the books I read say-"

	"Those are for people who are not princesses." Ayeka reminded him.  "We 
will be fine.  Do you think Tenchi will toss us out into the cold once he is 
emperor?"  Balar shook his head.  "Then you have nothing to worry about."  Ayeka 
smiled at him.

***

	Washu monitored this conversation as she had others.  The events swirling 
in her head were almost too much to handle.  Blast this machine, she thought.  
Without something to do with my hands, all I can do is think.

	She was hooked up to her machine that was devising Ryoko and Tenchi's 
wedding present.  All tied up and nowhere to go, she thought ironically.  So 
Washu's scientific brain had started to think.  Ayeka and Balar were coming 
along in their relationship.  Ayeka was feeling adrift because what her whole 
life had been prepared for was now obsolete.  

	Sasami wouldn't become Tsunami/Sasami for at least ten years so that 
wasn't anything to worry about at the moment.  Mihoshi was quietly observing 
everything and staying out of the way.  

	Ryoko and Tenchi, Washu thought.  She sighed.  Ryoko's upset about the man 
she killed, though she shouldn't be.  Tenchi's worrying about the wedding night 
and so is she.  They haven't even decided where they're going to live.  She 
snorted.  Ryoko was still marveling over her room.  

	At least the assassin problem was over.  Washu's brain told itself to be 
quiet and Washu slowly drifted off to sleep, still hooked into the machine.

***

	Ryoko and Tenchi walked out of the lab to find no one home.  Everyone was 
in the lab or out doing the shopping.  Thunder crashed outside and Ryoko's eyes 
glittered with wildness at the lightning.  

	"So what do you want to do now?" Tenchi asked, standing beside the 
staircase.
	Ryoko looked at him.  "Can I see your mother's kimono again?"  Tenchi only 
turned and started up the staircase.

	Ryoko followed him up the stairs and into his room.  He solemnly got a box 
out of the closet and unwrapped his mother's kimono.  After he had shaken it 
out, he handed it to Ryoko.

	She took it reverently and examined it.  "Did Washu fix it?" she asked.  
Tenchi nodded.  "I guess my stitches were a bit big."  Tenchi tried to stop his 
chuckling.

	"Tenchi." She said with a voice that carried.  He looked up.  She was 
looking at him with a wishful look on her face.  "Could I try it on again?"

	Tenchi smiled softly at her.  "Sure."  He turned around.  

	Ryoko chuckled.  Since when did she need a dressing room?  She phased out 
of her old clothes and into the kimono.  "You can turn around now." She called.

	Tenchi turned around and felt tears come to his eyes.  She was so peaceful 
and elegant in the old kimono.

	"Well?  Do I look good?" she said, mimicking herself from that day not too 
long ago.

	"Yes, you do, my Ryoko." Tenchi grinned at her startled expression.  He 
stepped forward and grasped her shoulders firmly.  He tugged her forward for a 
kiss.

	After a long kiss, the two separated.  "Oh, it's gotten messed up," Ryoko 
said angry with herself.  The long sash had gotten twisted and the front was 
gaping a bit.  

	"Uh," Tenchi said, his nose beginning to drip blood.

	Ryoko pulled her front closed.  "Tenchi, if your nose starts bleeding 
every time you see me not completely covered up, we're going to have a fun night 
in a couple days."

	"Uh," Tenchi said again.  Ryoko sighed and sat down on his bed, phasing 
out of the kimono and into her other clothes.  Tenchi sat down beside her after 
getting a handkerchief from one of the drawers.

	"Okay, let's try something.  I'm feeling adventurous today." Ryoko grinned 
evilly at him.  "You get a nosebleed every time you see a female in a revealing 
situation.  But most of those situations are unexpected.  Let's see what happens 
if you know something's going to happen."

	Ryoko turned to face Tenchi.  "Okay, Tenchi.  I'm going to take my shirt 
off."

	Tenchi's nose started to trickle.  Ryoko frowned at him.  "I'm going to 
leave my underclothes on."

	Tenchi's nose stopped.  Ryoko continued.  "So I'm going to take my shirt 
off, leave my underclothes on, and lie down on your bed face down.  That's all 
I'm gonna do.  I'm not going to jump on you or tease you or anything.  Just lie 
there and relax."

	Ryoko phased out of her shirt while facing away from Tenchi and laid down 
on the bed.  Tenchi peeked at her out of the corner of his eye and then shut it 
again.  He sniffed experimentally.  No blood.

	He opened both eyes and looked.  Nothing happened.  He stared at her for a 
long time, but nothing happened.  No screaming, no Ryoko trying to get him to 
sleep with her, just her lying there, cyan hair stretching over her bare 
back....

	Tenchi reached out a hand and trailed a finger down the curve of her 
backbone.  Ryoko squirmed.  "Hey, that tickles you know." She said sleepily.

	"Shouldn't I-?" he asked.

	Ryoko smiled even though he couldn't see her.  "Do whatever comes to mind, 
Tenchi dear." She said.  Her thoughts continued let's see if he actually does 
anything.

	Tenchi thought about that statement for a while.  His right hand trailed 
over to her shoulder blades.  "Mmmm," Ryoko said.  "Scratch?"

	Tenchi lightly scratched the area.  "Lower?" Ryoko asked.  Soon Tenchi had 
scratched all of her back and gotten all the itchy spots.  He continued to trace 
her ribs and backbone.

	Extremely daring, he didn't stop at her waistline while trailing one 
finger down her backbone.  He continued a few inches down....

	"Hey, guys!" Mihoshi called from a short way down the hall.  "Where are 
you?"

	Ryoko quickly phased back into her shirt and Tenchi opened the door.  
"Yes, Mihoshi?"

	"Oh, there you are!" she said.  "Sasami sent me up to see if you'd help 
her unpack the groceries."  Tenchi and Ryoko both agreed and stepped downstairs.

***

	The rest of the day went normally.  Tenchi and Ryoko helped Sasami and 
Mihoshi put away the groceries.  Ayeka and Balar were still in the library when 
Tenchi and Ryoko came into study with them.  After the studying was done, Sasami 
was calling them for dinner.

	Ayeka politely asked Washu, "Is the wedding planning going well?"

	Washu nodded.  "They've decided on food and the caterer said that it 
wouldn't be a problem.  I'm going to pick it up two hours before the ceremony so 
it'll still be fresh.  The dresses are almost done and she says we can pick them 
up two days before the wedding.  I thought we'd pick them up on the 
bachelorette's night out.  I've already gotten the hairpieces for everyone so 
now we need jewelry.  I thought we'd go to Joy's, where Tenchi bought our 
presents and Ryoko's engagement ring."

	She paused.  "So what is the plan for the next few days?" Ryoko asked, 
munching on some fish.

	"Well, the food and the dresses are done.  The rest of today, nothing.  Do 
whatever you want.  I have to send out the invitations today."  Washu cackled as 
her laptop popped up.  "Oh, goody!" she clapped her hands.  "It's done."

	"What's done?" Mihoshi asked and stepped nearer.  

	"This, Mihoshi, is the invitation list.  It's taken five days to prepare." 
Washu mimicked wiping sweat off her brow.  "There are going to be a lot of 
people coming to this thing."

	"Is that all?" Mihoshi pointed to the screen.

	"No, Mihoshi, that's just the first page." Washu tried to continue her 
statement, but just then Mihoshi tried to find the "page down" button.

	She stared at the blank screen.  Washu's mouth dropped open and she just 
stared at it for a few seconds.  She then turned to Mihoshi.  "Mihoshi..." she 
said in a sweet voice.

	"Yes, Washu?" she said hesitantly.

	"You're a menace to society!" Washu screamed.  Mihoshi started to cry.  
"But you make up for it by being Galaxy Police." Washu told her, sighing.  
Mihoshi stopped crying.

	Washu cradled her head in her hands.  "There's no time to create another 
list so I'm going to have to hand-deliver these things."

	"Is there some way we could help?" Ayeka asked.

	Washu tilted her head up and thought.  "Hmmm," she said.  "There are three 
groups.  The ones I only I can find, the ones I know I can find, and the ones 
that anyone can find."

	"Are there many that anyone can find?" Balar asked.

	"Sure.  There are Mihoshi's Galaxy Police friends, all the Juraian nobles, 
the royal family," Washu ticked off on her fingers.  "The ones I know I can find 
are the people who are the scientists and teachers that I want to invite.  Those 
are no problem for me to find."

	"And the other group?" Ryoko asked.

	Washu looked at her.  "That's for me to do.  Actually, that one will be 
less time to do than all of the others.  But collecting the scientists is going 
to take me at least a whole day and I need the rest of the days.  I don't have 
enough time as it is."

	"Can we deliver the invitations to the specific people?" Tenchi asked.

	Washu looked at him, as if the idea hadn't occurred to her.  "Of course!" 
she cried.  "It's the perfect solution.  I'll send Ayeka and Sasami to the 
Juraian nobles, Mihoshi to her friends, and I'm sure that Ryoko wants to invite 
Art and Lacey.  I am such a genius!" she caroled out.  "Tenchi and Balar can 
stay at home while we do this and go do guy stuff."

	Guy stuff? Balar mouthed to Tenchi who shrugged.

	"Ryoko can come with me to the Academy and then I'll go with her to 
Jurai." Washu said.  With a finger on her chin, she scowled.  "Now, if tomorrow 
is absorbed by invitations, then I'll have all of three days to get the wedding 
in order.  Three days that you can do anything you want in," she added to 
everyone else.  "The third night before the wedding, we'll have the bachelorette 
party.  Then the next day we'll practice the walking and ceremony and then I'm 
going to send Tenchi and Ryoko off and tell them not to come back until that 
night.  They'll need the break by then.  The day before the wedding, I'm going 
to need everyone's help seeing that the clothes fit and getting the flowers 
stored and the yard cleaned and the other hundred thousand things I'm left 
doing."

	"Washu, calm down!" Ryoko pointed her chopsticks at her.  "Eat your 
dinner.  You're too skinny!"

	"Ha-ha.  You'd sound like my mother, except I didn't have one." Washu told 
her tartly and, following orders, sat down and ate her dinner.

 Ayeka's
    dress:  http://www.marysbridal.com/7167.htm
    headdress:  http://www.4bridalheadpieces.com/rhtiaras/caa144.htm

Sasami and Ryo-ohki's
    dress:  http://www.marysbridal.com/f251.htm
    headdress:  http://www.marysbridal.com/H556.htm

Mihoshi's
    dress:  http://www.marysbridal.com/7103.htm
    headdress:  http://www.4bridalheadpieces.com/porcelain/porce1.htm
    the one all the way at the bottom left

Ryoko's
    dress:  http://www.marysbridal.com/8250.htm
    headdress:  http://www.4bridalheadpieces.com/rhtiaras/caa148.htm

Washu's:
    the dress:  http://www.fairyfashion.de/sjg/starjuweldgown.html
headpiece:  http://www.4bridalheadpieces.com/rhtiaras/nem119g.htm
