The characters don't belong to me and I'm not making any money from this 
writing.  This is a continuation of The Bet.

The Sneakiness
By Kenzie Kennedy

	Ryoko yanked open another photo album and paged through it quickly.  Washu 
thought she was with Tenchi.  Ryoko chuckled.  Fooled you, mom.  Placing the 
discarded photograph album on the pile, she grabbed another one.  Come on, 
Washu, you've got to have your wedding pictures somewhere.  

	Ryoko thought to herself as she flipped through one and grabbed another.  
Washu made sure everyone else had a gown and a headpiece but not herself.  Then 
she had offered Ryoko her wedding dress by absentee, saying it was destroyed by 
her own error.  Washu hadn't chosen a wedding dress.  That was the whole point.  

	Bingo!  Ryoko's mind chorused.  There were the wedding pictures.  "Oh," 
Ryoko breathed.  Washu's gown was lovely.  A long train with ruffles and lace, 
long sleeves that clung to the shoulders, but widened at the elbows and draped 
down her hands.  The lace and satin dripped down her middle.  Oh, Mommmm.....!

	The man beside her was resplendent in his black suit.  They gazed at each 
other with so much love in their eyes.  Ryoko slammed the photo album.  Will my 
marriage end this way?  Tenchi is royalty after all and I'm just a space pirate, 
an experiment....

***

	Ryoko sneaked to her bedroom with a stolen photo in her hand.  I'm not 
stealing it, she thought to herself.  I'm just looking at it for a long period 
of time.  Wait a minute!  Me, the space pirate, not wanting to steal?  Ryoko 
considered that thought.  Well, I never did steal from family.  

	Ryoko secured the picture in her room with her mother's dress and 
hairpiece showing clearly on it.  She smirked and went to find Tenchi.  

***
	
	Tenchi had just finished bowing to his grandfather when Ryoko arrived.  
"Ah, Ryoko.  I have been meaning to talk with you." Yosho said.  Ryoko 
approached warily.  "You, too, Tenchi," he said to the boy who was trying to 
sneak off.

	Both of them sat down on the porch with him.  He sighed and spoke.  "You 
two will be getting married soon.  This is a high responsibility.  You have not 
been in a relationship long.  I do not advise it."

	"Grandfather-" Ryoko began hesitantly.

	"Grandfather," Tenchi said angrily, "with all due respect you were the one 
who didn't tell me about the law, you were the one who pushed me into the idea 
of proposing, so I hardly think-"

	"Wait a minute!" Ryoko stood up.  "You were Pushed into proposing to me?"

	"No.  Grandfather kept after me, though." Tenchi directed an angry gaze 
his grandfather's way, but Ryoko caught his attention again really fast.

	"Oh, so you proposed because someone kept bugging you about it.  Wow, if 
that's the case maybe I should have tried it earlier." Ryoko said sarcastically.

	"Ryoko, he may have planted the seed in my head, but I wanted to marry 
you." Tenchi said trying to head off the argument.

	"Oh, you wanted to?  As in past tense?  So that's why you've been asking 
me so much if I want to go through with it!" Ryoko flared up at him.

	"Ryoko..." Tenchi said trying to calm himself down.

	"What?" she screamed at him.

	"You do love me, don't you?" he asked.

	Ryoko looked at him and huffed.  "Yes," she said grudgingly.

	"Then why don't we sit down and talk about it." Tenchi tried.  

	"I'm just as happy where I am." Ryoko said haughtily.

	"Grandfather told me that I might be considering marriage.  I considered 
it.  He asked again.  I considered it until I managed to get up the amount of 
courage to ask Washu-"

	"Washu?" Ryoko said shocked.

	"-for your hand in marriage." Tenchi finished.

	"Oh, so I'm something that she's trading off!" Ryoko yelled.

	"On Earth it's customary to ask the father for the daughter's hand.  If he 
says yes, then you can ask the girl.  Could you see me trying to ask the mass 
for your hand?" Tenchi said, sounding exasperated.

	Ryoko glared at him.  Tenchi looked at her with a hopeful smile.  The 
corner of Ryoko's mouth twitched.  Tenchi's eyes started to sparkle.  Ryoko 
finally had to hold her sides in laughter.  Tenchi reached out his hand and she 
took it.  Smiling at each other, they hugged fiercely.

	"Bravo." Tenchi's grandfather said looking at them fondly.

	Holding Ryoko's hand, Tenchi looked at his grandfather coldly.

	Yosho grinned.  "Just a test.  I dare anyone to say that you won't make a 
good marriage now.  Ryoko angry, and still you calm her down, Tenchi, while 
furious at me.  Very good."

	Tenchi sighed and his shoulders slumped.  He should have known it was just 
another of his grandfather's tricks.

***

	Tenchi and Ryoko walked down the steps hand in hand.  They came to the 
place where they had watched the fireworks and glanced at each other.  The next 
thing Tenchi knew Ryoko was all over him.  Her mouth was pressed hard against 
his and her hands were crawling all over his back.

	His lips moved against hers, telling her no, but she didn't listen.  He 
finally had to dodge away from her.  He looked at her form, standing there, 
defeated.  "Ryoko, why..?" he asked lost.

	"You don't want me." She said solemnly.

	"Not that way." Tenchi agreed with her.  "Not now."

	"So when will it be right?" she asked with her eyes blazing into his.

	"About ten days from now." He joked.

	She jumped back from him as if burned.  "Then I'll see you in ten days."  
She phased away.

	Tenchi looked around and then slumped.  "What did I do?" he wondered.

***

	Ryoko appeared in the house.  She ran straight to the lab door, flung it 
open, and ran inside.  All she could think about was getting to her garden.

***

	Washu's ears perked up.  Running and the sound of...crying?  She tapped 
into the link very gently and found that it was Ryoko who was crying.  Pulling 
the helmet from her head, she ran after her daughter's sounds.

	Washu finally found her struggling with the doorknob.  "Why won't it 
open?" she sobbed.  She slumped down the door to her back.

	Her mother knelt down.  "Little Ryoko?" she said softly.  "What's wrong?"

	Ryoko just cried harder.  Washu slipped into her adult form and cradled 
her daughter against her.  

	When the crying had gotten under control, Washu pulled a handkerchief out 
of thin air and handed it to Ryoko.  Ryoko blew her nose noisily and dried her 
eyes.  "Now what's the problem?" Washu said again.

	"I-I'm scared." Ryoko confessed.

	"Of what?" Washu said patiently.

	"Of-of, oh, you know!" Ryoko said impatiently.

	From what was leaking through the link, Washu did know.  "The wedding 
night?" she guessed.  Ryoko nodded.

	"Ryoko, I know very well that I gave you the talk on the birds and the 
bees when you were nine, just the same as Chiro." Washu said sternly.

	"Yeah, and then we went out and got our ears pierced." Ryoko grinned.  
"You figured we were grossed out enough not to worry about the small wince of 
pain."

	"Yes, but then you let yours grow over." Washu reminded her.

	Ryoko's smile faded as it came back to the problem.  "Washu, what do two 
people...do?"

	Washu looked at the fearful look on her daughter's face.  "They have fun." 
Washu told her simply.

	"How?" Ryoko asked.

	Washu laughed and helped her daughter up.  "This is one piece of life 
you're going to have to figure out on your own."  At Ryoko's glance, she sighed.  
"I am not going to explain it again.  You and Tenchi will be fine.  Most couples 
figure it out.  What sparked this fear?"

	"Tenchi said he didn't want to.  I kissed him and tried to get him to 
touch me, but he said he didn't want to."  Ryoko's eyes glistened.

	"That's because earthlings have this strange notion that you have to be 
"pure and untouched" on your wedding night." Washu told her wryly.  "Some 
Juraians, too."

	"Were you?" Ryoko asked.

	Washu grinned.  "Nope."  Walking a little down the corridor, Washu turned 
and asked, "Funaho wanted to speak with you.  Come on?"  Ryoko nodded and jogged 
after her.

***

	Funaho appeared a half hour after she was called.  "Sorry I'm late." She 
said as she sat down.  

	"No rush.  What's going on?" Washu asked easily.

	"News reporters.  They seem to think we're hiding something about Ryoko.  
We're not, but they think we are.  They're coming up with all sorts of 
questions.  How many systems did she/Kagato destroy?  Is she a virgin?  Is she 
going to listen to the people, etc?" Funaho threw up her hands.  "I left them 
with Misaki."

	"Kagato with her as a tool destroyed 83 systems and yes she is to both of 
the latter questions." Washu said coolly.  "So what did you want to speak 
about?"

	"I wanted to know if Ryoko would like the garden in the square.  I had it 
plowed under today.  The plants had all died from someone throwing battery pack 
acid on them from a standard issue gun.  There are plenty of greenhouses around 
and either I or Misaki could go with her." Funaho offered.

	Ryoko looked eagerly at her mother.  "You don't have to ask my permission, 
Ryoko.  I lifted curfew on you when you were fifteen." Washu told her.  

	Ryoko turned to Funaho and nodded eagerly.  "When?" she asked.

	"Would tomorrow be too soon?" Funaho asked.

	"No, tomorrow's just fine." Ryoko smiled.  The phone shut off.  Ryoko sat 
back.  

	Washu groaned mentally.  Another garden.  Where would the madness end?  
Washu heard Tenchi enter the lab followed by Ayeka and Balar.  "Ryoko, your 
friends are here." She said.  Ryoko snapped out of her trance and flew off 
toward the library.

***

	In the middle of the lesson, Washu poked her head in and asked if Tenchi 
could come out.  She directed him to the phone and left him to talk with his 
father.  Tenchi tried to get whole sentences out of his dad, but most what he 
got was "your mother...proud", "ryoko and you...happy life", and "I'll be there 
on the wedding day".

	Washu winked as the phone cut off.  "The conference must be going longer 
than we thought?"

	"Washu, did you-" Tenchi began.

	"Nope.  Technical difficulties with the phone.  It doesn't do Earth to 
Earth atmosphere very well.  I usually send a fax to the restaurants.  I didn't 
do anything with the conference either." Washu walked back into her lab and 
Tenchi went to the library.

***

	After lessons were over, Tenchi and Ryoko went up to her garden to do her 
chores together.  Balar and Ayeka looked at each other fondly as they left.  
"Wonder what they'll get up to while we're gone?" Ryoko whispered.

	Tenchi elbowed her in the side as they walked.  She grinned and 
conveniently put her hand beside his.  Tenchi, taking the hint, held her hand 
tightly as they walked to the house.

***

	"So what are you going to do this evening?" Tenchi asked, pulling at a 
stubborn weed.  

	"I have no idea.  Did you have something in mind?" Ryoko asked coyly.  
Then the photograph popped into her head.  "Oh, I have to have a dress made.  I 
wonder if Ayeka would know anywhere."

	Tenchi rubbed the dirt off his hands.  "We'll ask her later."  He kissed 
Ryoko passionately.  The trowel fell out of her limp hands.

	When the kiss ended, Tenchi cradled Ryoko's cheek in his hands.  "So why 
did you disappear?" he asked softly.

	"I thought that you didn't want me." She said.

	"Oh," Tenchi said slowly.  He tilted her head up and looked into her eyes 
with a fire burning behind them.  "Can you doubt that?"  She shook her head.  
"Why don't we go find Ayeka and ask her about the dress?"  The two of them got 
off their knees and shook off the dirt.

***

	Ayeka looked up from her movie when the door opened.  She expected Washu 
who wouldn't comment on Balar leaning on her chest.  When Tenchi and Ryoko 
walked in, she sat up straight causing Balar to fall off.

	"Hello," she said trying to sound calm.  Tenchi looked embarrassed like he 
had interrupted something and Ryoko winked at her.

	"Ayeka, would know a really good dressmaker?  One that can make something 
from a picture and a set of measurements?" Ryoko asked.

	Ayeka thought.  "No, but I'm sure Misaki would."  At Ryoko's shocked look, 
Ayeka's smile tilted up.  "Misaki handles the dresses, the jewelry, etc.  Funaho 
handles the public with her calm manner."

	She got up and walked over to the television.  Popping the movie out of 
its machine, she dialed the number and asked for Misaki.  Misaki sat down 
moments later and smiled at her daughter.  

	"So dear, you said you had a question?" she asked a few minutes later 
after the greetings and re-introductions were over.

	Ayeka repeated Ryoko's question.  Misaki hemmed and hawwed over it a bit.  
"I would have to say the seamstress Pira.  She's good enough and she won't 
flinch at it being Ryoko."  Her eyes flickered to Ryoko.  "Sorry, dear, but your 
name does incite fear in people who don't know you."  She brightened suddenly.  
"But I can tell you that I'll be walking you around to the greenhouses 
tomorrow."

	"Mother, where would Pira be?" Ayeka asked.

	"She'd be in Jurai.  I can take Ryoko tomorrow on our outing." Misaki said 
good-bye to everyone and cut the phone.

	Washu popped her head into the library.  "Sasami's calling everyone for 
dinner."

***

	After dinner, Ayeka and Balar decided to take a walk as a break from their 
sore fingers.  Both of them had looked at the yarn with longing and then at 
their worn hands wishfully.

	Ayeka walked sedately beside Balar.  He spoke suddenly, "Why were you 
upset when I asked if we were going to get married?"

	Ayeka forced herself to keep walking and not stop.  "Well, I was shocked."

	"Why?" Balar asked.

	"We haven't known each other very long." She said as an excuse.

	"But if we had known each other longer, would you still have been 
shocked?" he returned.

	Ayeka bowed her head.  "I guess I would have."  Tossing her head, she said 
to him, "Oh, Balar!  You don't know enough yet."

	"Explain it to me, my darling Ayeka?" Balar said softly.

	Ayeka was startled.  He used the words that her brother had used when they 
were engaged.  She sighed.  "You know that I am a princess.  What you don't know 
is that princesses marry royalty."

	"Explain royalty to me." Balar asked.

	"Royalty is the family that is chosen to govern people.  My father is 
emperor of Jurai.  He makes the laws and enforces them.  I am a princess and I 
am supposed to marry one of royal birth." Ayeka said sorrowfully.

	"But Tsunami said that she would look after you." Balar pointed out.

	Ayeka smiled.  "That is true.  Tsunami will provide a way for us to be 
together if that is what you decide you want."

	"That is exactly what I want.  But I would like to meet your father before 
we go further." Balar told her.  Ayeka nodded.

***

	Ryoko flung the books down on the table.  "There!" she said proudly.  
Tenchi looked up from the television.

	"What are those?" he asked.

	"These are books.  You open them and look at the pretty pictures." Ryoko 
teased.

	Tenchi rolled his eyes.  "Why so many?" he asked.

	"I thought you might like to pick a few favorites for the garden on Jurai.  
After all, you're going to inherit it." Ryoko asked.

	Tenchi sighed and got up.  He walked over to the table, flipped through a 
few books, and settled on a page.  Slipping an arm around Ryoko's waist, he 
pulled her closer and pointed to three of them.  "Those," he said and kissed her 
cheek.

	Ryoko melted into his embrace.  He actually wanted to touch her!  "But 
those three don't grow on Jurai." She taunted.  

	The door opened to the library and Washu came in, muttering under her 
breath.  She walked straight to the ladder and swung herself over.  Pulling a 
book out, she climbed down the ladder.  Two steps before the door, she said, 
"Ryoko, I need to see you for a moment."

	Ryoko sighed and Tenchi grinned.  He tugged her hand and they walked out 
of the library.

***

	"What is it?" Ryoko asked crossly.

	"Sit there." Washu pointed, her eyes gathering information from the book.  
Ryoko sat.  Washu made minute adjustments to the machine and then hit the yellow 
button.

	Ryoko felt nothing.  Well, nothing out of the ordinary.  

	After a moment, Washu hit it again.  "Okay, you're done.  Tenchi, your 
turn."  The procedure was repeated and then Washu looked at them.  "You're both 
as healthy as can be.  Make sure you stay that way until the wedding."

	"Ryoko, the florist sent a message.  The fireflowers will be hard to get, 
but she'll get them.  They're going to be paired with snapdragons and some white 
flower I've never heard of.  The dresses are being made, the food is about 
ready, the next problem is your wedding cake."

	"But Sasami said-" Ryoko objected.

	"Sasami needs to know which one you want.  Please no almond frosting, 
though." Washu held up a hand.  "These are your choices."

	Pictures flew by of cakes and Ryoko and Tenchi's eyes started to burn.  
"Now, my favorite is this vanilla cake with cream cheese frosting and purple 
rosettes, but that's just my favorite." Washu trailed off.

	"That's fine." Ryoko said, glancing at Tenchi.  "Um, how many people is 
that supposed to feed?"

	"Let me worry about that." Washu waved them away.  Her clipboard came out 
and crossed off The Cake.  She sighed and watched the two flee.  "This is 
getting to be a fiasco with all the guests I have to invite."  She glanced at 
her computer which was now numbering the guests into the six hundred mark.  
Washu sighed again.  
