This story belongs to me, the characters do not, they belong to AIC and Pioneer, 
and I'm not making any money from this story.  This story is a continuation of 
The Bet.

The Announcement
By Kenzie Kennedy

	Balar awoke to a strange pinging sound on the roof.  His eyes flew open 
and he walked to the window.  He saw streams of something pouring down from the 
skies.  He thought, no one else is up, so it must be normal.

	Feet padded across the floor outside, so Balar went to the door and peeked 
out.  Sasami was rubbing her eyes as she walked.  "Sasami?" he called.

	She turned.  "Oh, good morning, Balar."

	"What is this happening outside?" he asked, pointing to the window.  
Sasami looked through his room to the window and giggled.  "That's rain, silly."

	"Rain?" Balar questioned.

	"Rain is water coming from the sky.  I've got to go fix breakfast." Sasami 
waved as she left.

***

	At breakfast, everyone was in a foul mood.  The rain seemed to bring 
everyone down.  Ayeka and Ryoko snapped at each other and Tenchi feared they 
would fight like in the old days.  Balar was annoying everyone with his 
questions about simple things like rain and weather.  Sasami was cheerful as 
usual.  Tenchi noted that Washu was too.  He resolved that it must be a goddess 
thing.  

	Tenchi couldn't go out in the rain to the fields and on rainy days and his 
grandfather didn't want to see him trip like he usually did and break something 
during practice.  Ryoko couldn't go up on the roof and her two gardens were done 
anyway.  Ryoko couldn't sleep last night so she weeded the garden to put her to 
sleep.  Balar was perfectly content doing anything.  Ayeka suggested that they 
help Sasami with the chores.

***

	An hour later, all the chores were done.  Sasami brooded because now she 
didn't have anything to do.  Washu suggested, "Why don't you do your lessons 
early?"

	Tenchi, Balar, Ayeka, and Ryoko cheered up immensely.  But by lunchtime 
their lessons for the day were done and they were back in the same fix as 
before.

	The whole family sat in the living room, except Nobuyuki who was at work 
and grandfather who was doing grandfather stuff like being sneaky and writing.  
The rain poured down outside and everyone's moods plummeted like the rain.

	Washu looked at all of her family.  "Wow!  What a dismal bunch." She 
thought.  Glancing outside, she thought to herself, "I could stop the rain, I 
guess.  But the ground needs it."

	"Ayeka, what was your childhood like?" Washu asked.

	Ayeka's head came up, startled at Washu's question.  "Um," she said.  
"There were always servants around and the guardians."

	"No.  Your real memories." Washu pressed.

	Ayeka thought for a moment and then started to grin.  "I was a little 
angel when I was small.  I remember playing in the gardens and hiding from the 
guardians.  I can remember my father and mothers playing with me."

	"You, Sasami?" Washu continued.

	Sasami giggled.  "But I still am small!"

	"Then what you remember from the past." Washu said.

	Sasami's eyes sparkled.  "I remember Tsunami.  I remember the shaking when 
Ryoko attacked.  There was a time when Father was mad and my mother looked at 
him funny.  Then he smiled and picked me up."

	"That was when you had just broken a vase that was from ten generations 
ago." Ayeka put in.

	"Oh!" Sasami said.  "I'll have to make him a new one."

	Ayeka smiled.  "I think he'd enjoy that."

	"Mihoshi?" Washu said.

	Mihoshi looked up from her mis-buttoned shirt.  "Yes?"

	"What do you remember about your childhood?" Washu patiently asked.

	"Oh, let's see.  I remember the molding clay that my father gave me.  It 
got all over the floor and I was punished.  I remember climbing trees and my 
mother scolded me for my ripped clothes.  I remember them both playing with me 
when their schedules allowed.  It was fun!" Mihoshi said enthusiastically.  "But 
my grandfather is the one who's the most influence on me.  I wanted to be just 
like him when I was little and now I am."

	"Tenchi?  You're next." Washu said.

	"Me?  Well, I remember my mother and grandmother dying.  I remember the 
cave." Tenchi looked at Ryoko with love in his eyes that she returned.  "I 
remember Ryoko playing with me now.  I had forgotten, but now I remember."

	"Okay, enough mushy stuff!" Washu said, grinning.

	"Washu?  Why do I not remember when I was small?" Balar said.  

	Washu smiled at him.  "Because you and I were never small.  We were "born" 
full grown and with all the knowledge we needed.  They had to be small and grow 
into their knowledge."

	"Ryoko?" Washu said, not looking at her daughter.  "Your turn."

	Ryoko's head looked at the floor.  She didn't say anything.

	Washu looked at her daughter, puzzled.  "Ryoko?"

	"I can't remember anything," her voice said, strangled.

	Washu tilted her head.  "Your memories are complete.  You should 
remember."

	"Well, I don't.  I remember Chiro and I playing.  I remember the math 
student.  I remember my 15th birthday because my clothes told me and the things 
in my room.  But I don't remember anything else." Ryoko said.

	"Your clothes told you?" Ayeka asked, one eyebrow raised.

	"Yeah.  I wondered where they came from when I was touching them and they 
told me.  Or at least they sparked my memory." Ryoko's eyes were dulled.

	Washu thought for a moment, then grinned evilly.  "Then we'll just have to 
spark your memories."  Reaching out a hand, she took a large book out of thin 
air.

	Opening it, she searched for something.  "Now here's something you 
wouldn't remember."  She held up the picture.

	A fat little baby with a shock of blue hair reached for a candle on her 
first birthday cake.  Beside her Washu's face was lit with shock.  Everyone 
laughed at that picture.  The next picture was of the baby actually holding the 
candle while it was still lit.

	"I never did that!" Ryoko objected.

	"Yes, you did!  You scared me to death, you little pyromaniac!" Washu 
teased.

	Washu turned the page.  "Now here's you with some kittens.  Your first 
pets.  Those were originally for me to use as test subjects."  Washu shrugged.  
"You were adamant about it.  Going so far as to threaten me with a sputtering 
ball of red energy the size of a marble that you were going to have the kittens 
yourself."

	"I remember those." Ryoko's voice went soft.  "You kept fussing at them to 
stay out of your lab and then when you came home you fussed at them for clawing 
up the house."

	"Uh-huh.  If you'll remember, I made Ryo-ohki very soon after that." Washu 
said ironically.

	"Miya?" Ryo-ohki said.  

	Washu looked at the furry little cabbit.  "Yes, you.  I have pictures of 
you, too."  Washu flipped to the next page which had the cabbit in all stages of 
development.  When Ryo-ohki was still half in her shell blinking, the picture 
had Washu in the background making the victory sign.

	Washu flipped through the next few pages.  "Pictures of me and Arram, 
pictures of experiments, ah, here we are!"  She showed the family the next page.  
It was loaded with pictures of Washu and Ryoko together.  They were playing in 
the sand.  Washu was teaching Ryoko to swim.  One picture had been snapped of 
Ryoko and Washu fighting with their swords crossed.

	"But there aren't any recent ones." Ryoko objected.

	Washu looked at her daughter.  "What do you mean?"

	"There aren't any recent ones of you and I together.  There aren't any 
pictures at all." Ryoko pouted.

	"We'll take some then!" Sasami shouted.  She ran for the family camera.  
Coming back into the room, she snapped a quick picture of Washu and Ryoko bent 
over the scrapbook together.  She handed them the picture.  "There!"

***

	The rest of the day was filled with picture taking.  Ayeka and Ryoko posed 
together looking angelic.  Ayeka and Balar were snapped by Washu in a romantic 
mood that was supposed to be private.  The picture came out beautifully, though.  
Tenchi and Ryoko were in all sorts of poses.  Cuddled on the couch, feeding each 
other dinner, posing with everyone in the family.  Ryoko and Washu were taken 
fighting to contrast the one before.  It was the ending to a rainy day.  That 
night Washu had tons of pictures to put into a new album.  

***

	The next morning, Washu was awakened by her beeping noise again.  Resigned 
to it now, she checked it.  Funaho on the phone again.  "Ryoko?" she said 
mentally.

	"Mmph?" Ryoko's half asleep, prone body said.

	"It's Funaho.  Answer the phone." Washu told her and went back to sleep.

***

	Ryoko stumbled out of bed and to the TV on the balcony.  She turned it on 
and Funaho's face smiled at her.  "Good morning, Ryoko."

	"morning," Ryoko mumbled.

	"I have good news!  The wedding date is in two weeks!" Funaho said 
enthusiastically.

	"Uh-huh," Ryoko nodded.

	"I can tell that you're thrilled." Funaho said wryly.  "I'll let you go 
back to sleep, but be sure to tell Tenchi about it!"  Funaho's face disappeared 
from the screen.

	Ryoko stumbled back into her room, climbed into bed, and fell back asleep.

***

	Washu's eyes came open naturally a few hours later.  She sat up, 
stretched, and bounced out of bed.  She got dressed in her normal clothes and 
went to the kitchen to make breakfast.  Her stomach was growling when she had 
woken up so Washu decided to eat first.  Besides, she grinned, Ryoko would smell 
the food and be down in a flash.

***
	
	As the meat sizzled in the frying pan, Washu heard a thump from upstairs.  
She grinned.  Ryoko was up.

	A few minutes later, Washu had breakfast on two plates and Ryoko was 
coming down the stairs.  She blinked as she looked at Washu.  Then she looked at 
the plate.

	Washu held up a fork.  "This is a fork, Ryoko.  It goes into the breakfast 
like this," Washu demonstrated, "and you bring it up to your mouth."

	Ryoko nodded and complied.

	"So," Washu said, grasping the glass of apple juice, "what did Funaho have 
to say?"

	Ryoko looked at her mother strangely.  "Funaho called?"

	Washu sighed.  "You didn't get up to answer the phone?"  Ryoko shook her 
head.  "Oh, well.  I'll call her back right now and see what she wanted."

	The sound of a phone ringing and it being picked up graced their ears.  
"Yes, Lady Washu?" Lieutenant Rayfin said.

	"Is Lady Funaho available?  She called earlier and Ryoko didn't answer the 
phone in time." Washu said.

	He nodded to her and sent a message to Lady Funaho.  Her face came on the 
screen moments later.  "Hello, Washu.  Has Ryoko told you the news yet?"

	"What news?" Washu said puzzled.  "Ryoko said she didn't answer the 
phone."

	Funaho chuckled.  "I guess she was too tired.  I told her that the wedding 
is in two weeks."

	Washu choked on her breakfast.  Ryoko pounded her on the back.  When Washu 
was doing fine, Ryoko confronted the screen.  "What do you mean, two weeks?!" 
she shouted.

	"You didn't know, I take it." Funaho grimaced.  "I thought you did.  Or I 
thought Yosho would tell you."

	"Tell me what?" Ryoko screamed.

	"Calm down, Ryoko." Washu said hoarsely.  "That's no way to speak to your 
future grandmother-in-law."

	Ryoko cast a look of terror at Washu.  She grinned.

	Funaho broke the stalemate.  "When royalty of Jurai proposes marriage, it 
is carried out within the month.  Now Azusa will stay around as an advisor for a 
few weeks after the wedding-"

	"Advisor?" Ryoko shrieked.

	"Yes, Tenchi will be Emperor of Jurai after you marry." Funaho informed 
them.

	"Good going, Funaho," Washu said sarcastically.  "I did think it was time 
to redecorate.  You know, some new curtains, maybe a new color scheme, my 
daughter lying on the floor!"

	"Oh, my." Funaho stared at Ryoko.

	"Any other bombshells you want to drop?" Washu asked sighing.

	Funaho pursed her lips.  "They have to decide where the wedding is going 
to be, clothes, etc."

	"I'll take care of that stuff and keep you posted." Washu told her.  
Funaho nodded and said good-bye.

	Washu turned to her daughter.  She shook her head.  "You do get into the 
worst trouble." She said.  Kneeling, she shook her daughter until she woke up.

	Looking into Ryoko's eyes, Washu told her, "We'd better go tell your 
fianc‚ the good news."

***

	Washu and Ryoko walked out to the fields together.  Ryoko was in a daze.  
"I'm going to be married in two weeks?" she kept saying unhappily.

	Tenchi and Balar were working beside each other when Washu and Ryoko found 
them.  Washu glanced at her daughter.  "Want me to tell him?"

	"No.  I'll do it." Ryoko sighed.  

	"What is it, Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.  The two men stopped their work and 
looked at the two women.

	"Funaho just called and told us that we're going to be married in two 
weeks and after that you're going to be emperor." Ryoko said in a rush.

	Tenchi blinked a few times.  "Could you repeat that?"

	"You and I are going to be married in exactly two weeks from today.  The 
day after we're married, you're the emperor." Ryoko said again.

	"That's what I thought you said." Tenchi's eyes were great big.  

	"Tenchi?  Are you okay?" Balar asked.

	Tenchi toppled to the ground.  Washu rolled her eyes.  "You two are made 
for each other." She pronounced.

***

	At lunch, Ryoko broke the news to everyone.  Ayeka accepted it with grace.  
She admitted that she did know about the law, but had thought that everyone knew 
it.  A small oversight.

	Mihoshi was crying over the two of them getting married because it was so 
emotional and she was so happy.  Sasami offered to make them a wedding cake.  
Washu grinned through the whole thing.  Though the bride and groom to be didn't 
seem too happy about the whole matter.

	Ryoko and Tenchi sat through the whole lunch feeling miserable.  It was 
incorporated into their stance, the way they ate, everything.  They went to 
their lessons and brooded through the whole video.  Washu turned it off halfway 
through, saying that they could make it up tomorrow.  Their brain activity 
wasn't even registering on her machines, she joked.

	Washu gave Tenchi and Ryoko a push toward Ryoko's garden, telling them to 
talk about the wedding.  They went obediently.

***

	Ryoko sat on the edge of the fountain, trailing her fingertips in the 
water.  Tenchi sighed.  "What am I supposed to do now?  I can't be the emperor." 
He muttered.

	Ryoko snorted.  "How do you think I feel?  The Juraians hate me."

	"Why don't we go talk to Funaho?" Tenchi asked.  Ryoko nodded and they got 
up to go to the phone.

***

	Funaho came to the phone immediately when they called.  She was delighted 
to see them, but when they requested that the date on the wedding be put back, 
she refused.  "You don't understand," she began.  "It's tradition.  We can't 
change it.  The papers have been notified."

	Tenchi and Ryoko both sighed at the same time.  They were stuck.

	"Now we did make some concessions seeing as how Tenchi is not from Jurai.  
You have the opinion of holding the wedding either on Earth or on Jurai.  You 
won't be forced to wear traditional Jurai robes for the wedding, either.  Misaki 
and I both went against that one.  You're not from Jurai, you shouldn't have to 
put up with it.  Especially if what happened at the press conference, however 
unlikely, happened again.  The rest of the details are up to you.  I thought 
you'd like to know those two."  Funaho settled herself.  "Now are there any 
other questions?"  Tenchi and Ryoko shook their heads.  "Then I'll leave you two 
to the planning!" she said cheerfully and the screen went blank.

	Tenchi and Ryoko looked at each other.  "We're not going to get out of 
this, are we?" Ryoko said.  Tenchi shook his head.  "We haven't even gone 
through half of those tapes yet."

	"I know." Tenchi said solemnly.

	"But Azusa will be there to help you and I'll help you." Ryoko reminded 
the downcast Tenchi.

	"I know you will." Tenchi said slowly.  "But how am I supposed to rule?  I 
don't know anything!" he cried out.

	Washu who had just come in the door heard him.  "Tenchi, you'll be fine." 
She soothed.  "Tenchi, you're going to have Ryoko, Azusa, and probably even 
Tsunami helping you.  What could go wrong?" Washu asked.  

	"A lot of things, Washu!" he objected.

	"Can I ask you a question, Tenchi?" Washu said a few moments later.  
"Which are you more worried about, the marriage or the emperor job?"

	Tenchi thought for only a second.  He looked at Ryoko and whispered, "The 
job."  Ryoko smiled back at him and her hand crept toward his.  Together they 
could face anything.

	"So why don't you ask Azusa if he'll keep the emperor-ship for now while 
you study harder?" Washu asked simply.

	Tenchi's mind started to shake.  Ask the emperor?

	"He can't want to turn the planet over to an amateur." Washu reasoned out.  
"See if he'll help you."  Washu bounded over to the TV screen.  "Here, let me 
call him up for you."

	"No, wait!" Tenchi yelled, but Washu had already hit the buttons.  

	"The emperor, please," Washu told the man.  He nodded and went away from 
the screen.

	A formidable man came to the screen.  "Yes, what is it?" he said gruffly.  

	"Your heir would like to talk to you." Washu said pointedly for Tenchi's 
benefit.  He sighed and started down the stairs.

	"Hmmph!" The emperor said as Tenchi sat down.  "What is it?"

	"Ah, um..." Tenchi was tongue-tied.

	"Sir, I don't think it's prudent for Tenchi to take over as emperor after 
our wedding with so short of an education." Ryoko said to Azusa.

	Azusa stared at her.  She gulped and moved out of the way.

	"Is that it, boy?" Azusa said finally.  Tenchi nodded.  "Well, it's good 
to see that you've got some common sense.  Are you learning anything this way?"

	"Yes, sir." Tenchi said.

	"You continue on studying.  I studied for two centuries before I became 
emperor."  He hmphed again.  "Couldn't see why Funaho and Misaki wanted you to 
become emperor right away.  After you've got a bit more knowledge, then we'll 
have you visiting Jurai.  First impressions are essential."

	"Sir?" Tenchi said.

	"Yes?" the emperor returned.

	"What do I call you?" Tenchi asked.  "I can't call you Azusa but emperor 
seems formal."

	"Why can't you call me Azusa?" he said abruptly.  "Family, aren't you?"

	"Yes, but-"  Tenchi stammered.  "You don't like me?"

	"You're family."  Azusa struggled but managed a smile.  "I may act gruff, 
but I'll admit that family is family.  I'd like you to take over as soon as you 
know enough.  Being emperor is fine, but I'd like a little time to myself."  

	He hmphed again and said, "I'll see to it that all you have to worry about 
is your marriage for a while."  He got a sly look on his face.  "I think you'll 
have enough without being emperor as well.  Good-bye, Tenchi."

	"Hey, what did he mean?" Ryoko said affronted.  Washu chuckled.

	"Did you hear what you wanted to, Tenchi?" Washu asked gently.

	"Oh, yes." Tenchi responded.  He jumped up and grabbed Ryoko around the 
waist.  "Are you upset at having to marry me this soon?" he asked gently.

	Ryoko shook her head shyly looking up at his glowing eyes.  "I love you." 

	Tenchi's mouth grinned.  "I love you, too, my Ryoko."

	Washu saw the look in their eyes and quietly crept away.
