As always, I don't own the characters and no money is being exchanged for this 
story.  A continuation of The Bet

The Dresses
By Kenzie Kennedy

	Ayeka awoke just after Sasami left the room to make breakfast.  She 
yawned, stretched delicately, and got dressed with precision.  She went to 
Balar's room and knocked on the door.  "Come in," he called.

	She walked in and saw him working diligently on the afghan he wanted to 
give her.  She smiled at him fondly.  "Sasami is making breakfast." She told 
him.  

***

	Tenchi woke, stretched until he could hear his joints pop, and got 
dressed.  He started downstairs for breakfast.

***

	Washu sat at her computer, typing diligently.  Ryoko padded her way 
downstairs in her Ryo-ohki slippers.  "Sasami's making breakfast." Washu told 
her.  Ryoko nodded sleepily.

	"So how do you feel with the wedding only four days away?" Washu asked in 
an offhand manner.

	"Fine," Ryoko mumbled, stumbling around the kitchen for a glass of juice.  

	"How are you and Tenchi doing?" Washu kept typing.

	"Fine," Ryoko sipped her juice.

	"Did you want to borrow my lingerie for the wedding night?" Washu teased.

	Ryoko's juice sprayed all over the counter.  Washu grinned at her.  "Mom!" 
Ryoko admonished.

	"What?" Washu asked mischievously.  Ryoko just shook her head.

***

	After breakfast, Tenchi and Balar went out to the fields to weed them.  
Ayeka helped Ryoko do the laundry.  Sasami and Ryo-ohki went out to play while 
Mihoshi picked up the living room.  

	When Balar and Tenchi came back in from weeding the yard, Washu 
immediately pounced on Balar for training lessons.  Literally.  She summoned her 
energy sword and crashed it around him.  Balar didn't have a weapon and couldn't 
summon an energy sword on his own.

	Washu stopped.  "Balar, we've got to do something about that.  Ayeka can't 
summon a sword and neither can you."  She hemmed and hawed for a few moments and 
then snapped her fingers.  She drew two plain handles out of thin air.  Tossing 
one to Balar, she said, "Use that."

	Her blade cut toward him.  He raised the stick in defense.  It looked as 
if Washu was going to cut Balar in half.  Ayeka screamed.

	HMMMMMMM!!!  The shining yellow blade defended its owner.

	Washu grinned.  "Let's get going."  She extinguished her blade and marched 
toward the lab.  Ayeka shot Ryoko and look and followed her teacher.

	Ryoko sighed.  Sasami poked her head out of the kitchen.  "Could you two 
do me a favor?" she asked prettily.

***

	Ryoko retrieved her portal manipulator from her pocket and latched onto 
Tenchi's elbow.  As she pressed the button on the top, she thought, "grocery 
store."

	Tenchi and Ryoko appeared outside the store.  Tenchi glanced first around 
to make sure no one was watching their sudden appearance and then at the list 
Sasami had given him while Ryoko fetched a cart.  Tenchi couldn't believe that 
Sasami had forgotten something on her recent trip to the store.  Sasami couldn't 
either.  She covered herself by saying that she wanted Tenchi and Ryoko to go 
and get the ingredients for their wedding cake together.

	Tenchi and Ryoko went up and down the aisles.  They had plenty of food and 
fresh vegetables at home, but they did snag a few snacks for later.  Some chips, 
a little dip, some fresh celery.  Tenchi was shocked that Ryoko liked to munch 
on celery sometimes.  She shrugged and said that it was no big deal.  

	Sasami was very against making their cake from a mix.  Tenchi struggled 
with the 20 lb. bag of flour while Ryoko leaned on the cart and watched with a 
strange smile on her face.  "You might help, y'know." Tenchi asked her, his face 
as red as a watermelon's insides.

	Ryoko considered her nails.  "Don't you think that would ruin your male 
image?"

	Tenchi sighed and checked the list.  They needed eggs, vanilla, stuff for 
the icing, and oil.  

***

	Ryoko flipped through a magazine at the check-out line.  Tenchi was busy 
putting stuff on the conveyer belt, so she slipped it on, too, face down.  
Tenchi smiled at her and asked, "What do you want to do when we get home?"

	"Well, it'll probably be time for our lessons then." Ryoko said.

	"This evening then?" Tenchi pressed.

	Ryoko shrugged.  "Watch a movie?" she suggested.  Tenchi smiled.  "It's a 
date, then."

***

	They got home just in time for lunch.  Washu made a point at lunch to tell 
them that they needed their lessons.  "You two are going be emperor and empress 
of Jurai someday.  You'll need those lessons."

	"Yes, Washu!" Ryoko and Tenchi chorused together.  They looked at each 
other a giggled.  Washu smiled indulgently.  

	"I'm surrounded by people in love." She complained.  "Sasami, next thing 
you know you'll be playing kissy-face with some guy."

	Sasami giggled.  "No, I won't, Washu.  It's nice, but I'll never find a 
guy as nice as Tenchi or Balar."

	Washu grumbled.  "That's what they all say."

***

	In the library, the two couples curled up on couches.  Ryoko's head was 
snuggled on Tenchi's chest and he looked down at her cyan hair with pride.  
Balar was leaning against Ayeka's middle.  Ryoko winked at Ayeka and she 
blushed.

	The lessons were about one of the royal cadet branches.  It outlined what 
a cadet branch was and how it operated.  Ayeka watched with interest.  

	After the lessons, the two couples stayed where they were.  "So, Ayeka," 
Ryoko began.  "You're going to be a cadet branch and do whatever you want."

	Ayeka sighed happily.  "Yes."

	"Then what do you want?" Ryoko asked.

	Ayeka's face went blank.  "I...don't know.  I haven't thought about it 
much."

	"Well, you could always be a space pirate, princess." Ryoko teased.  Ayeka 
smirked at her.

	"And have my manners deteriorate?  No thank you." Ayeka said pertly.  "I 
shall come up with a dignified career."

	"Are you saying I'm not dignified?" Ryoko sounded affronted.  "I'm 
dignified!"

	Ayeka laughed at her expression.  "Let's say more genteel."

	"Hmph!" Ryoko said and snuggled into Tenchi.  

***

	After dinner, Ryoko and Tenchi went upstairs to the TV that was Ryoko's.  
"So where's the video collection?" Tenchi asked.

	Ryoko's eyes darted around.  "Washu keeps it downstairs."  The couple 
walked down the stairs, tromping all the way.  They chose one that sound good, 
an American film called While You Were Sleeping.  Ryoko got the chips from the 
counter and the dip and celery from the refrigerator.

	Ryoko got the blanket from her room and laid it down on the floor.  She 
grabbed a couple fluffy pillows from the couch and settled back into one that 
she propped up against the edge of a chair.  Settling the dip between them, 
Tenchi laid down too. 

	Tenchi's hands dipped into the chips every so often and Ryoko made a pig 
of herself on celery and dip.

***

	When the credits started to roll, Ryoko flipped the TV off.  "That was 
great." Tenchi said.

	"Uh-huh," Ryoko agreed.  "She fell in love with the guy, saved his life, 
he went into a coma, and then she falls in love with his younger brother, who's 
the nicer guy of the two."

	"Could you believe that guy named Junior?" Tenchi asked.  "He brought her 
flowers.  The same ones they present the horses."

	"But he was kind of sweet." Ryoko objected.  They looked at each other and 
giggled.  "Shoes!" she gasped.  

	"And the "leaning" thing." Tenchi laughed.

	"Yeah, how did that scene go?" Ryoko stood up.  "How did I lean?"

	"Leaning involves wanting and touching.  Leaning is whole bodies-" Tenchi 
was interrupted by a voice saying, "You need help up there, Ryoko?  It looks 
like Tenchi's....leaning."

	They peered over the balcony to see Washu grinning up at them.  "No, thank 
you mom." Ryoko called down.

	Keeping in with the movie, Washu called up, "If you want me I'll be in the 
lab."  Pointing at Tenchi she said, "I know Karate."  Washu giggled as she 
walked out the door.

	Ryoko looked at Tenchi.  "I know I'm going to be understating the obvious 
but my mother's weird." 

***

	Ryoko strolled into the onsen a few moments after Ayeka had.  Ayeka was 
enjoying the warm water steaming into her skin.  Ryoko slipped into the water 
beside her.  The two friends relaxed beside each other for a few minutes, not 
saying a word.

	"Ayeka, you don't-  Um, that is," Ryoko struggled.

	"Yes, Ryoko, what is it?" Ayeka asked.

	"Juraians don't have a education on, um..."  Ryoko gestured wildly.  
"After the wedding do they?"

	Ayeka blushed.  "No, they don't." Ayeka said shyly.  "Are you...worried?"  
She struggled to approach the issue delicately.  

	"Yeah," Ryoko said, looking anywhere but at Ayeka.

	"Is it that you've done it so many-" Ayeka blushed so hard she had to put 
her hands to her cheeks to cool them down.

	Ryoko paused, staring into the water as if it held the answers.  "Ayeka, 
I've Never."

	Ayeka stared at Ryoko.  "But you-"

	"Yeah, I may act like I know what I'm doing, but I don't." Ryoko crossed 
her arms defensively and sank lower in the water.

	Ayeka looked at her friend.  "Well, maybe Tenchi will know what to do."

***

	"I don't know what to do, Balar." Tenchi admitted.

	Balar frowned.  "Do?"

	Tenchi shook his head.  He should have known talking to Balar wouldn't 
work.  

	"If you don't know what to do, Tenchi." Balar reasoned slowly.  "Then 
Washu knows everything.  Why don't you ask her?"

	Tenchi blushed.  "But she's-"  He shrugged.  "Female."

	Balar frowned.  "I don't understand.  If you want to know how a female 
feels then why are you asking me, a male?"

	Tenchi ran a hand through his hair.  "I have no idea.  It seemed like a 
good idea at the time.  After all, you and Ayeka are going to be married 
someday."

	Balar blanched.  "I'm going to have to worry about this, too?  Please, 
Tenchi, find out what women want so that I can ask you."

	"Now who's asking a male what a woman wants?" Tenchi asked sarcastically.

***

	Tenchi shut the door to Balar's room behind him and went off to bed.  
Ayeka and Ryoko continued to talk about the garden on Jurai and men in general 
until they too felt tired enough to sleep.

***

	The next day was decidedly normal.  Tenchi and Balar did their chores, the 
four of them had lessons, and Sasami's meals were excellent.  Washu wasn't seen 
for the entire day, not even for Balar and Ayeka's lessons.  When Ryoko tried to 
talk to her mother, Washu told her that she was extremely busy at the moment and 
she'd be out tonight.  

Since it was a beautiful day outside, the household set up a volleyball net that 
Tenchi had found in one of the spare bedrooms.  Sasami, Ayeka, and Ryoko were 
one team, while Mihoshi, Balar, and Tenchi were on the other.  

	Halfway through the game, Ryoko remembered something.  The volleyball 
bounced off her head.  "Ryoko!" Tenchi hollered to her.  "Are you okay?"

	"I forgot."  Ryoko faced Ayeka.  "Tonight we go and get our dresses!"  All 
of the girls started jumping up and down and shrieking.  Tenchi and Balar looked 
at each other and shrugged.  Must be a girl thing, was their consensus.  

	Ryoko slammed the volleyball toward the men.  I'm glad that I called 
Misaki after the assassin thing and got her to ship the picture of the dress to 
the same dressmaker Washu's having make our dresses.  She mentally rubbed her 
hands together gleefully and socked the volleyball back over the net.

***

	Washu disconnected the cables with a sigh.  Another five hours of 
information transferred and then she'd be ready.  She yawned with boredom.  No 
circuitry could be ran by her while the machine was running, so all she could do 
was think.  But, she thought idly, I have come up with the solution to Ryoko's 
immune system.  I'll have to run it through her gems as soon as I get the 
opportunity.

	She glanced at the clock.  Six o'clock in the evening.  Sasami'd have 
dinner on the table by now.  Washu transferred herself to the lab door and 
opened it.


***
	
	"Hey, Washu!" Tenchi waved at the petite young woman.

	Washu grinned and walked to the table.  "Oh, I am starving!" she said.  
She began to fill her bowl with noodles.

	"So what kept you in the lab all day long?" Ryoko asked.

	Washu waved her chopsticks at her daughter.  "Ah, ah, ah, Little Ryoko!  
No peeking at your wedding present!"

	"When are we leaving, Miss Washu?" Ayeka asked.

	"Right after dinner.  We'll go to Jurai and pick up your mothers, too.  I 
told them the story of Joy's and how Tenchi got kicked out of Trigger's.  They 
want to see Joy's." Washu told them.  

	"So what are you men going to be doing?" Washu asked, slurping her 
noodles.

	Tenchi and Balar looked at each other.  Washu sighed.  Once the women were 
gone, what were the men to do?  "Tenchi, why don't you go fishing?" Washu 
suggested.

	Tenchi brightened up.  "Sure!  That's a great idea, Washu!"

***

	The rest of dinner went very quickly as all the people present wanted to 
get to their outings.  Tenchi and Balar kissed their girls good-bye and then 
wandered off with Tenchi muttering about worms.

	Washu looked at the girls.  "Ready?" she asked.  "Here we go!"

***

	They appeared in the same place that Ryoko and Washu had met Funaho that 
time they went to the market.  The queens were also there waiting for them.  
After hugs and introducing them to Mihoshi, Washu pressed the button and whisked 
them off to the dressmaker's.

***

	They appeared right in front of her shop.  Two Juraian princesses, two 
Juraian empresses, one galaxy police officer, a cabbit spaceship who was in the 
form of a small child, one elder goddess, and one goddess's child.  They walked 
into her shop as pairs with Mihoshi walking between them.  The lady at the desk 
looked up and smiled.

	"Hello, my name is Washu Hakubi.  I have five dresses waiting for me." She 
informed the lady.

	She smiled again and checked the book.  "Hakubi," she muttered as her 
finger went down the page.  "Oh, here you are!  Your payment arrived with the 
dresses so all you have to do is try them on to make sure they fit right."  She 
stood up.  "This way ladies."

	She led them to an area where they could sit in comfort.  "I'll be right 
back with your dresses.  May I ask that you sit here until all of you have your 
dresses?  I don't want to make any mistakes on which dress goes with which 
lady."  She smiled.  "Most of our customers that get dresses together like to 
admire them before they go on the lady."  She swept off.

	The first gown she returned with was Mihoshi's.  The lady was careful not 
to step on the full skirt as she presented it to Mihoshi.  "Please make sure 
that the little jacket fits properly and allows full movement." The lady asked 
Mihoshi.  She calmly walked back to the room.  Until she returned everyone 
admired Mihoshi's dress.  Ayeka kept her from crushing it to her, explaining to 
her that she had to keep it from becoming wrinkled.  Mihoshi kept saying, "It's 
beautiful!  Just beautiful!"

	The lady returned with two young girl dresses in either hand.  "I believe 
these belong to the young ladies."  The woman smiled at Ryo-ohki and Sasami.  
Sasami accepted a dress and handed it to the shorter Ryo-ohki.  She miya'd over 
it happily.

	"Oh, Sasami, you'll look lovely in that." Misaki told her.  Funaho's eyes 
smiled at the two girls with their matching dresses.  "Yes, you, too, Ryo-ohki."

	Ryoko thought to her mother, I've more than once thought of asking you to 
make me another ship.

	Washu looked at the two girls laughing.  I've often thought of making you 
one.  But Ryo-ohki says she would miss you.

	The lady brought out Ayeka's dress.  "Oh!" Ayeka breathed.  

	"Please make sure that the lace does not itch anywhere and that the 
neckline does not come down too low." The lady asked Ayeka.  Ayeka stroked the 
delicate lace and smiled.  Funaho and Misaki looked on proudly.

	Ryoko rose to go with the woman.  Washu frowned.  Ryoko, where are you 
going? She asked.

	To get something.  Don't poke around in my mind, Washu. Ryoko told her.

	The woman came back with Ryoko.  "Here is your dress." She smiled broadly.  
"Make sure the sleeves do not restrict you, but help the dress stay fastened.  
We can also change the color of the roses around your arms." The lady offered.  
"Your mother requested that the dress not be with the straight edge around the 
waist, but more like Ayeka's."  Ryoko nodded.  

	"It's beautiful," she said to the lady.  The lady smiled, her eyes 
twinkling.  "I'll just be a minute." The lady said.

	Washu frowned.  "Is she getting the dressing rooms ready?"

	"No," Ryoko smiled deviously.  "There's one more dress to come out."

	The lady reappeared with a dress.  A dress that Washu remembered from a 
long time ago.  Something rose in Washu's throat that made her unable to 
swallow.  Tears started to drip from her eyes.

	"Wow!  It sure is beautiful, Washu." Mihoshi exclaimed.

	"Yes, one of the most exquisite I've seen." Ayeka said.

	Washu turned to look at Ryoko.  "You did this." She spoke carefully.

	Ryoko smiled at her mother.  She waited for the praise to come.  How she 
was marvelous for selecting the gown that Washu had worn for her own wedding.

	PAIN!!!!!

	Ryoko fell to the floor, clutching her head.  Washu tried to block it from 
her daughter, what she was feeling, but she couldn't.  The pain of having her 
husband leave her, her child taken from her, her entire world turned upside down 
because of social status!  All the things that this dress had represented, 
destroyed!

	Washu pushed the pain away violently.  Who cares about it?  I've got a 
family now.  I have Ryoko.  And she is worth that pain.

	Washu stepped toward the dress.  She stroked the fine lace and was careful 
not to step on the train.  The memories flooded back to her.  The happiness, the 
expectations, the wonderful loving, the woman she had been...

	Washu felt her daughter get up.  "It is all these things I would wish for 
you." Washu whispered.  "Not the things after.  Tenchi would never do that to 
you.  I wouldn't let him."

	Ryoko spoke with her head pointed to the floor.  "I didn't know."

	"How could you?  I never told you."  Washu paused.  "I will be proud to 
wear this dress at your wedding.  After all, the part the dress was involved in 
never had any problems."  Washu grinned at her.  "What say we try on the 
dresses?"

***

	Mihoshi stepped out first.  The jacket was perfect.  They had even 
included a fancy belt that would hold her GP gun.

	Sasami and Ryo-ohki trotted around, playing tag in their dresses.  
Everyone indulged them, knowing how children were supposed to be active.

	Ayeka walked serenely about in her fancy wedding dress.  The lace didn't 
scratch her at all and the neckline was just high enough not to make her 
uncomfortable.

	But when Ryoko and Washu stepped out it was true that they were the belles 
of the wedding.  Washu in her old-fashioned dress with Ryoko following in the 
simpler dress would make quite a show.  Washu let her red hair fall where it 
would over the dress.  She behaved demurely for once, glancing at everyone and 
then at the floor.  She held the dress like it was a long-lost love.

	Ryoko adjusted the rosettes and stared in the mirror.  Putting her hands 
on her hips, she said to herself, "You are one beautiful demon!" 

	Washu had all the dresses put in one of her storage holes and on to Joy's 
they went.  They had things for their hair, but they all needed a new necklace.  
Even the queens were using the wedding as an excuse.

***

	Washu marched into the store with the rest of her party trailing behind 
her.  Melanie glanced up from her equipment she was cleaning and smiled at 
Washu.  Then she caught sight of who else she was with and dropped the 
equipment.

	"Is your sister here?" Washu asked slyly.  "Did she believe you last time 
I was here?"  Melanie shook her head.

	"No, Janise didn't believe me."  Melanie grinned.  "But she will now."  
Melanie walked to the door that led to the back room and hollered for her 
sister.

	"What is it, Melanie?" Janise strode through the door.  Where her sister 
looked ordinary, Janise looked as though she was royalty. 

	Melanie calmly gestured to the people in the shop.  "You said that you 
didn't believe me."

	Janise's jaw hung open.  Washu straightened up and said to her, "Believe 
her now?"

	Ryoko stepped forward, her left hand outstretched.  "The ring is lovely."  
Melanie smiled at her. 

***
	
	With both women opening drawers for the ladies in the shop, it still took 
quite some time for them to find exactly what they wanted.  Matching the dress 
and headpiece to a specific piece of jewelry took time.

	Ayeka had the purple bracelet Tenchi had given her to wear, her dress that 
was almost entirely lace, and a leaf headpiece with pearls.  She decided against 
having a necklace and chose a pair of delicate flowers tinted with pink petals.

	Mihoshi surprisingly chose something quickly.  She found a long strand of 
pink pearls that would go lovely with her dress.

	Ryo-ohki and Sasami both chose a porcelain rose with a pearl hanging down 
from it as their two necklaces.

	Washu looked at everything and finally chose a small rose that had an ruby 
planted in the center. 

	Funaho and Misaki chose an emerald necklace and a sapphire necklace.

	Ryoko was the problem child.  She was not satisfied with anything there.  
There were plenty of things that she liked, but nothing truly unique that she 
wanted.  Washu sighed.  Her daughter was a difficult one to place.  Her gown had 
pink rosettes holding the sleeves, her tiara was mother of pearl and her blue 
gems....  

	Melanie thought about her problem.  Snapping her fingers she went to the 
back room.  "I think this shall do, Lady Ryoko." She said grinning.

	She opened the box to reveal a tiny star with citrine in its heart.  
Ryoko's eyes widened and she nodded.  That would be her necklace.

***

	With all the packages in the portals, Washu directed them around the mall.  
They went into the bookstore and the pet shop.  Washu spoke teasingly about 
lingerie as they passed the store where it was sold.  Ryoko politely told her to 
try it herself.  Washu stopped immediately.

	Ayeka sighed.  "We will be beautiful." She said to herself.
