These characters don't belong to me and I'm not making any money from this.  
This story is a continuation of The Bet

The Planning
By Kenzie Kennedy

	After dinner, Washu walked back to her lab.  So the wedding is now 
thirteen days away, counting today, she thought.  She sighed.  Do I leave Tenchi 
and Ryoko to deal with the details themselves, trusting in their judgment?  Or 
do I do as I promised Funaho and supervise the whole thing?

	Washu walked to her cushion that was floating in mid-air and levered 
herself up onto it.  Her thoughts drifted back to her own wedding.

***

	It had been scheduled on a bright summer's day.  She had worn a sparkling 
white dress.  Her husband to be had worn a white flowing shirt with tight white 
pants.  The flowers were beautiful, all shades of the rainbow.  The guests 
beamed with pride at her.  So what if she didn't have any parents that were 
here?  She had said long ago that they had died.  In truth, Washu didn't know 
what happened to her parents.

	The priest started to speak and Washu tuned him out until it was her turn 
to voice that she wanted her soul to be joined with this man.  They kissed and 
it was all over.

***

	Washu grinned at the thought of her wedding night, but quickly pushed it 
out of the way.  So many things go with a wedding and this one's going to be a 
mess.  Washu shook her head.  Juraians!

	"Um, Mom?" Ryoko said cautiously into the lab.

	Washu turned to find her daughter looking into the lab.  "Yes, my Little 
Ryoko?" Washu responded.

	"Can I talk to you for a minute?" she asked.  Washu nodded and another 
cushion appeared beside the door.

	Ryoko sat on the cushion and it floated next to Washu.  "So what do you 
want to talk to mommy dearest about?" 

	"The wedding." Ryoko fidgeted.

	"What about the wedding?  There's a lot of "wedding"." Washu teased.

	"The part up to the ceremony, Washu." Ryoko growled.

	Washu laughed.  "Okay, such as the dress, the cake, the guests, etc."  
Ryoko nodded.

	"What about it?" Washu said bluntly.

	Ryoko gestured with her hands.  "I don't, um-"

	"Know much of anything about weddings because you weren't around when 
Chiro got married, you were never interested in them as a child saying that 
you'd never get married, you'd become a famous gardener, and you need advice 
from someone who's actually been through one." Washu wound up.

	"Yeah," Ryoko shrugged.

	"Stop acting so embarrassed.  I don't expect you to know about weddings 
and I don't think anyone else does either.  Besides, we're going to have to 
merge Juraian marriage ceremony with Earthling marriage ceremony.  No one's 
going to know what to expect." Washu told her.  Ryoko straightened up a little.

	"I've been researching it a bit.  Juraian and Earthling marriages are 
surprisingly similar.  Both of them are like parties with a ceremony beforehand.  
The only differences are really small ones.  We've got a few things that we have 
to worry about and those are universal."  Washu stretched.  "Why don't you go 
find Tenchi and we'll talk about it together?"

	Ryoko nodded and went out the door.

***

	When she came back, Washu was waiting.  "Hello, Tenchi.  Have a seat."  
Washu had gotten the picnic table and umbrella out again.  They all sat down.  

	"Tenchi, tell me a bit about Earthling weddings." Washu asked him.

	Tenchi thought for a minute and then said, "Well, we have a ceremony where 
the two are joined, then we have a celebration of the marriage with family."

	"So that's the same.  What about the celebration?" Washu gestured for him 
to continue.

	"It's where the guests can congratulate the couple.  There's food and 
presents." Tenchi shrugged. 

	"Okay, so it's not much different than the Juraian ceremony.  You have a 
priest come and say a few words, sign a document, and then go off to the party?" 
Washu asked.  Tenchi nodded to confirm it.

	"You dress up fancy for the ceremony, right?" Washu asked.  Another nod 
from Tenchi.  "Flowers, food, and frolic, right?"  Tenchi blushed as he nodded.

	Washu considered the information.  "That's pretty much what I thought.  Do 
you mind my taking over the preparations?" 

	Tenchi and Ryoko looked at each other.  "What does that mean?" Ryoko 
asked.

	"It means I'll help you two pick out your clothes, order the food, get 
flowers, that kind of thing." Washu told the lucky couple.

	"Sure," Tenchi said, looking at Ryoko who nodded as well.  "You've done 
this before."

	"Okay, why don't you two go get ready for bed and I'll get started 
tomorrow on the preparations." Washu shooed Ryoko and Tenchi off.  Once they 
were gone, she started working on her laptop.

***

	The next morning (day 12 of the countdown), Washu came to the table for 
breakfast with Ryoko trailing behind her.  They ate with the family.  Balar and 
Tenchi peeled off to go to the fields, Ayeka and Ryoko trained with Washu for a 
few hours, Sasami and Mihoshi did the house chores.  

	Washu called a halt to Ayeka and Ryoko's fighting lessons after two hours.  
She grinned and said she had to see someone about something and wouldn't tell 
them what.  Ayeka and Ryoko shrugged as she marched out of the house.

***

	Washu made sure no one was following her as she climbed the shrine steps.  
Halfway there, she was sure no one was following her and she phased out and in 
front of Yosho.

	"Hello, Washu," he said completely normal.

	"Hello, Yosho." She replied.  "I have a favor to ask."

	"I shall endeavor to grant it." He said sweeping the steps.

	"With Tenchi's wedding coming up I'm going to need him a bit more than 
usual." Washu started.

	"So you'd like me to cancel his training for the next two weeks?" Yosho 
completed.

	"Not exactly." Washu grinned.

***

	When Tenchi and Balar came to the top of the shrine, Yosho was nowhere to 
be found.  Tenchi and Balar looked around warily.  He could be anywhere...

	"Good morning, boys," Yosho said from behind them.  They turned around 
very surprised.

	He looked at them wisely.  "There has been a change in plans." He said, 
striding between them to the steps of the house.  Upon sitting, he looked at 
them strangely.  "Aren't you going to sit down?" he asked mildly.

	The two men hurried to sit down beside him.  "Washu has brought to me a 
very important fact."  Yosho looked at Tenchi.  "You are getting married to 
Ryoko in twelve days.  Therefore, the next five days will be the days that you 
and Balar train with me."

	"After that, Tenchi will not be training again for two weeks."

	"What, grandfather?" Tenchi asked shocked.

	"It is a special favor to Washu that I am doing this.  Your training is 
very important for the days to come.  I was going to train you every day, but 
she brought evidence that I shouldn't."  Yosho grinned.  "The training can wait 
for now.  Washu is very convincing."

	"Balar, you will be trained by Washu for the seven days following that.  
Then you will study with me alone for the week after that." Yosho directed his 
attention at Balar.  He nodded.

	"So as we won't see each other for a while," Yosho drawled.  Tenchi and 
Balar heard the warning note in his voice and started to look for their bokkens.

***

	Washu returned before lunch and saw Ayeka and Ryoko lounging around, 
watching TV.  She debated resuming practice, but discarded the idea.  Let them 
rest before their lessons.  Washu walked into her lab for a few minutes before 
lunch.

***

	While everyone was serving themselves lunch, Washu directed her attention 
at Tenchi and Ryoko.  "I've got something in the lab that I want you to look at 
after your lessons."  Tenchi nodded to her while Ryoko kept eating.  

	"Ryoko, you've got to choose your bridesmaids." Washu raised a bite of 
rice to her lips.

	"Bridesmaids?" she said through a mouthful of fish.

	"Maybe I'd better explain to you the arrangement of wedding to you first."  
Washu considered that idea.  "No, that'll take too long.  I'll do it tomorrow 
evening.  I don't think you'll have much time this evening.  Ryoko, in this 
wedding, you're going to walk down a long aisle to where Tenchi and the person 
who's going to marry you will be waiting.  First bridesmaids walk down, then the 
flower girl, then the bride.  I don't know why they do that, they just do." 
Washu said, stopping Ryoko's question before it started.

	Washu continued.  "So you can choose as many females as you want to walk 
down the aisle, but they do have to be female.  The flower girl is usually a 
child."

	Ryoko looked immediately at Sasami.  Sasami's teeth were biting her lower 
lip in anticipation and the light in her eyes lit the room even in full 
daylight.  "Sasami, did you want to do that?" Ryoko asked.  She nodded.

	Then she stopped.  A question burned in her eyes.  "What about Ryo-ohki?" 
she asked softly.

	Ryoko glanced at Washu.  Washu grinned and said, "Why don't the two of you 
walk down together?"

	"Oh!" Sasami said eagerly.  With a puzzled look on her face she asked, 
"What does a flower girl do?"

	"You'll hold a basket and throw flower petals on the floor.  When Ryoko 
comes down the aisle, she'll walk on them." Washu told her.

	"Won't she slip?" Mihoshi asked.

	"Depends on the flowers," Ayeka grinned.

	"Quite right," Washu affirmed.  "Flowers will-" she stopped.  "This would 
be so much easier with a picture!"

	The wall turned into a living picture for her.  "Okay," Washu said eating.  
"This is a picture of the typical wedding.  An aisle created by two sets of 
chairs on either side.  This is where Ryoko, the bridesmaids, the flower girls, 
the matron of honor, etc. will walk.  The groom," she nodded to Tenchi, "will 
already be standing at the altar where the priest will pronounce the vows."

	"Usually the bride holds flowers in her hands, a bouquet it's called.  
There are the flowers for the bridesmaids, flower girls, matron of honor-"

	Washu was cut off by Ryoko asking, "What's a matron of honor?"

	"Matron or maid of honor.  That's the person that organizes the whole 
deal.  The one that solves all the problems, gets a nice dress, does the bride's 
hair and stuff like that.  In charge of the bridesmaids, answers questions, 
etc." Washu waved her hand around.

	"Oh." Ryoko said.  "Who does that?"

	"Usually the sister of the bride." Washu told her.

	"Could you do it?" Ryoko asked hesitantly.  "You haven't made me a sister 
yet." Ryoko grinned at her.

	Washu looked at her daughter with tears in her eyes.  "You actually want 
me to be a part of your wedding?" she said softly.

	"You're my mother.  You're going to be involved anyway." Ryoko said 
confused.  Washu got a hold of her emotions and continued.

	"So the overview of the wedding is getting you, the bridesmaids, and me 
into the same kind of dress.  Or we could all wear different ones.  But they 
have to be fancy.  Tenchi has to dress up as well.  There are rehearsals for 
this wedding that we'll have to do.  There's a wedding shower which I'd like to 
skip." Washu grimaced.

	"Why?" Ayeka asked.

	"Because it's a bunch of women sitting around admiring themselves and 
commenting on bath towels and blenders." Washu informed her.  "Besides, there's 
something much more fun."

	Ryoko was looking a little stressed over the amount of work this was 
shaping up to be.  "What now?" she asked.

	"A few nights before the wedding, we go out, shop, eat, get drunk, 
something like that to relieve the tension." Washu told her with a grin.  "My 
bachelorette party was at a strip club."

	"Uh...." Tenchi said.

	"Washu!" Ryoko objected.

	Washu summoned her laptop and crossed something off.  She sighed.  "It 
would have been fun."

	Ryoko looked around the table.  "So..." she drawled lazily.  "Ayeka, 
Mihoshi?  Want to get all gussied up?"

	"Oh, I thought we were going to be bridesmaids?" Mihoshi giggled.

	Ryoko tilted her eyes toward the sky.  "That's what I'm asking, Mihoshi," 
she said gently.  The blond nodded.

	"Ayeka?" Ryoko asked.  Her eyes shone at her friend as she accepted.

	Washu clapped her hands together.  "Okay, then I need to be getting back 
to the lab."  Washu got up and left everyone else to what was left of lunch.

***

	Washu got inside the lab and marched determinedly to a section of the lab 
that she had just created.  It was based on her knowledge of gods and mortals.  
Washu put her right hand over her eyes.  This is going to be a looonnnng twelve 
days.

***

	After the lessons, Ayeka and Balar went outside the lab to help Sasami 
with dinner.  Tenchi and Ryoko called for Washu.  When she answered, they picked 
their way across the lab to find her.

	Washu sat at the picnic table inside the lab.  "Ah, good to see you two!  
You have decisions to make."

	"More decisions?" Tenchi groaned.

	"I've already told Sasami I'll be cooking you dinner."  Washu grinned.  
"If you still want it."

	"What does that mean?" Ryoko said warily.

	Washu looked at her daughter.  "This wedding will have tons of guests.  If 
you have guests then you need to feed them.  Get it?"

	Ryoko nodded grudgingly.  

	"We need to choose what they're going to eat.  Unless you're proposing 
that Sasami cook for all these people." Washu asked.

	"Who's going to be at the wedding?" Tenchi asked.

	Washu's head hit the table.  "You don't want to know.  Just count on a lot 
of people.  We can get rid of extra food."

	A menu popped up.  "Now what I thought we'd do is offer a selection of 
Earth food.  I'll tell Funaho to get someone to make up Juraian food, too.  But 
you two have to decide what food you want."

	"What's this?" Ryoko examined it.  Washu took out her glasses and peered 
at it.  "That's Southern Fried Chicken."  A plate appeared in front of Ryoko.  
"Taste it."  Ryoko tore off a piece with her fingers and popped it in her mouth.  
Her eyes immediately began to water and she grabbed for the lemonade on the 
table.

	Washu glanced at the menu again.  "Oh, that says 'hot'."

	Ryoko looked at the chicken and took another bite.  "It's good!" she said.

	Washu explained that all they needed to do was to hit the 'Taste' button 
on the menu and it would give them a portion of the food to try.  Ryoko looked 
puzzled and asked where she was going.  Washu winked and said that it was a 
surprise.

***

	An hour after everyone else had already eaten dinner, Ryoko and Tenchi 
were stuffed to the gills with samples of everything.  They had decided on the 
Southern Fried Chicken, French fries, sushi, rice, noodles, shredded BBQ pork, 
and chocolate cake.  All except the sushi, rice, and noodles were new to them.  
They had unanimously decided against escargot (snails), anchovy pizza (which had 
sounded good but tasted awful, and pickles.

	Washu came back around that time and surveyed their choices.  "This looks 
good," she said, nodding.  "Now, have you given thought to where you want the 
wedding held?  There are advantages to both.  Earth is home to you, but it's 
further away from Jurai.  The distance won't matter because I'm pretty sure 
everyone will be using my portals to get here.  But getting married on Jurai 
would help the people's opinion of you."

	Tenchi said, "Earth," in a tone that brooked no argument.  Ryoko added her 
agreement.  Washu nodded.  She had expected that.

	"Now, what about flowers?" Washu went on.

	Ryoko exploded.  "Washu, we've got 12 days!  Why plan all this now?" 

	Washu pierced her daughter with a look that said, "I know more than you do 
so let me do it."

	Washu sighed and put down the clipboard she had been holding.  "Ryoko.  
Tenchi.  I have a very good reason for getting at least preliminary plans from 
you today.  As of tomorrow, I have eleven days to put this together.  Just 
eleven.  Now I could pull flowers, food, and dresses out of mid-air if I wanted 
to.  It would certainly be easier.  But there are stories all over of the 
"bride's mother" taking over the wedding.  You two don't know much about 
weddings and I do.  That's why I'm taking over the big decisions and giving them 
to you.  I decide where the food comes from, you decide what it is.  I'll make a 
list of dresses with pictures and hand them to you girls to decide."

	Washu drew in another breath.  "There's another reason and a big one I 
want to get it done today.  Have you noticed that you two haven't had much time 
together?  Just the study sessions and a few hours in the evenings.  Tenchi 
might not have told you yet, but as of four days from now, he'll have a two week 
vacation from his sword-fighting lessons.  If you want to, your studying lessons 
on Jurai can be stopped for two weeks also.  I wouldn't advise it, but that's 
your decision.  Ryoko, your lessons are over.  If you want to spar, find me and 
we'll make arrangements.  I'm going to be teaching Ayeka.  Balar's going to join 
me in five days.  Hopefully I can get Ayeka up to Balar's speed by then."  Washu 
shook her head.  "Getting all this arranged and training two kids.  I must be 
insane."

	Washu continued.  "The problem that keeps me awake at night is that while 
you two have been around each other for a long while, you haven't had much time 
for your relationship to grow.  Now, Tenchi, I know you didn't mean to give it a 
violent shove into serious.  It's nothing we can help.  I'm going to try to 
arrange it so that you've given me all your preferences in today and tomorrow so 
that I don't have to track you down every five minutes.  So for the next four 
days you have class, training, and chores as usual.  The seven days after that 
you're free as birds.  Go have fun, be together."  Washu looked contemplative 
and quiet.

	Then she grinned and said, "And as far as I know, you two have kissed a 
couple of times.  That's it.  And after the twelve days are up (counting today) 
then you're going to be expected to-"

	"Mom!" Ryoko said abruptly.

	"Oh, all right.  "Consummate" the marriage.  There!  Is that better?" 
Washu stuck her tongue out at her daughter.

	Ryoko blushed slightly.  

	"So, you want the wedding on Earth.  Ryoko, your matron of honor is me, 
your flowergirls are Ryo-ohki and Sasami, and your bridesmaids are Ayeka and 
Mihoshi." Washu paused.  "Are you sure you don't want to invite Chiro into that 
category?" 

	Ryoko's hand flew to her mouth.  "I'll call her right before I go to bed."

	"Okay, the menu's decided, so all we need are flowers, the priest, and the 
dresses." Washu looked at her clipboard.  "If that's all we need then we can do 
that in the morning.  The dresses will take forever to decide on and if I know 
my daughter, so will the flowers."  Washu looked up.  "I'm going to go and take 
a bath.  I'll see you in the morning."  Washu walked off.

	Tenchi and Ryoko walked toward the lab door.  "Does it bother you that 
we're getting married so soon?" Ryoko asked.

	"I could wish that we had a little more time to," Tenchi paused, "know 
each other a little better.  But I'll still love you just as deeply."

	Ryoko settled into his chest and gave him a slight squeeze around the 
middle.  Tenchi's nose was buried in Ryoko's soft hair.  He breathed in her 
lovely scent.  Hand in hand, they walked toward the lab door.

******************************************************
	I'd like to say that I still have the mailing list up and running.  For 
those of you who were kind of "Why is she going into the details of the wedding 
so much?"  The reason for that is because I wanted to stress the enormity of the 
event.  We're not going to go into the guest list on this one....

	No need to know:  No they are not going to be married by an Elvis 
impersonator.

	Adam Bruce:  Let me know if you didn't get the message that this was 
posted.  I have added you to the list.

	Ayumi-chan:  No, praising me is fine.  Telling me problems is fine, too.  
I do consider them at least.

	I love it:  I'm sorry!  I'll try to get the chapters out sooner.  Is this 
better?

	Blackbird:  Well, my inspiration was from Diane Long and I asked her 
specifically if I could write the story.  But I guess I don't mind.  Kind of 
would have liked to know about it before, though.  If anyone wants to use an 
idea in my story, let me know where it is so that I can read it!

	Priest:  I have considered putting in Mihoshi's lineage.  I decided 
against it because I wanted to do it in another story.  Right now, I don't want 
to take away from Ryoko's limelight.

	Riesz:  *Shaking head*  I'm pretty sure that you live far enough away that 
I can't come and tell you pretty stories all day long.  Ryoko won't have a child 
for a long time because of what I have planned.  We've got biological reasons, 
we've got sentimental reasons, and we've got just plain common sense reasons.  
Which ones will I choose?  Stay tuned.....
