The characters don't belong to me and no money is being made from this.  This is 
a continuation of The Bet.

Since I've created a few characters, I'm going to include a character list.  
Ryoko:  The bride
Tenchi:  The groom
Ayeka:  First Crown Princess of Jurai
Sasami:  Second Crown Princess of Jurai
Washu:  mother of the bride, scientist, elder goddess
Balar:  ex-god, Ayeka's intended
Mihoshi:  Galaxy Police
The Trickster:  the guy on the red planet that Ayeka invited
Art and Lacey:  the orphans Ryoko found
Chiro:  Ryoko's best friend from when she lived at the academy
Finaris:  lady Ryoko met at McQueran's to design the garden on Jurai
Heroa:  God that Washu knows
Belegorthas:  God and general pain in the rear
Funaho and Misaki:  Empresses of Jurai
Azusa:  Emperor of Jurai
Lady Areta:  Lady of Jurai that bought Ryoko's expertise to build a garden for 
her
Tsunami:  goddess of Jurai and Ryoko's aunt
Nobuyuki:  Tenchi's father
Yosho:  Tenchi's grandfather
Ryo-ohki:  a cabbit
Tokimi/Torimi:  Torimi is Tokimi's human form
Ryt:  Ryoko's gym teacher

The Wedding
By Kenzie Kennedy

	Ryoko woke up at three in the morning.  Her eyes stared at the ceiling for 
what seemed like hours.  When she checked the clock again it said 3:15.  
"Nnnnhhh!" she groaned and flopped her head back down.

	What was wrong with her?  She sighed.

	Slipping her Ryo-ohki slippers on her feet, she padded her way down into 
her garden.  Moonlight shone from above, tinting the garden with pale light.  
She sat down by the fountain and watched the fish swim.  

	After a bit of that, she got up and found the fish food.  Sprinkling some 
in the water, she watched as one of the fish dove for a bit that had landed in 
the middle of the moon's face.  

	Staring into the water, she thought to herself.  "What's wrong with me?" 
she said out loud.  "I'm only getting married tomorrow."  Sighing again, she 
clarified that statement.  "I, the Space Pirate Ryoko, am getting married 
tomorrow to the Crown Prince of Jurai in front of hundreds if not thousands of 
people."

	She grimaced.  "That sounds bad when you put it that way."  Looking around 
the garden at the closed up flowers, she thought, "If only life was this 
peaceful.  I thought it would go on forever.  Washu and I skirting around each 
other, Ayeka and I fighting, Mihoshi messing things up, Sasami cooking.  Well, 
Mihoshi and Sasami are the same."

	But you're not, her voice said.

	She sighed again.  You're sighing a lot, Ryoko.  Eh, and I don't care 
either.  I'm not the same.  So what?  She snorted.  The space pirate settling 
down for an Earthling.  Kagato would laugh himself sick.

	"You know, you're broadcasting again." Washu rubbed her eyes.  

	"Don't you ever knock?" Ryoko said in an annoying voice.

	"There isn't anywhere to knock.  If you want a doorbell, install it 
yourself." Washu shot back tartly.  "Now why are you up in the middle of the 
night?  Tomorrow's going to be a long day and you're supposed to get plenty of 
sleep for it."

	"I'm worried." Ryoko admitted.

	Washu rolled her eyes.  "You've always been worried.  What are you 
worrying about now?"

	"The wedding."

	Now Washu started sighing.  "There's a lot of wedding as I've said before.  
Let me work my scientific deducing magic.  You can't be worried about the dress, 
the guest list, the food, or any other preparation thing because I've taken care 
of all that.  So what are you worried about?"

	Ryoko sighed.  "I'm getting married."

	Washu waited.  Ryoko didn't say anything else.  "You're worried about 
getting married not the continuing being married?" Washu said slowly.

	"No, both of them." Ryoko drooped.

	Washu looked at her daughter strangely.  "Getting married is the easy 
part.  You go up there, say yes, accept a ring, and pig out on cake.  Being 
married, well, you'll figure it out together."

	Ryoko trailed her fingers in the water and let the fish nibble at her 
fingers.  "Will we have to deal with assassins all our lives?"

	"You'd have to deal with people trying to kill you anyway." Washu told 
her.

	"Will it tear us apart?" Ryoko's eyes asked her mother to say no.

	Washu sighed and sat down beside her daughter.  "Ryoko, only time will 
tell on that one.  And before you ask, no, I will not ask the gems.  Knowing too 
much of the future can be bad.  If you knew that you were going to die tomorrow, 
you might do some things different and that could lead to something else that 
would result in maybe a lot of people being killed.  You've made a decision to 
be married to Tenchi.  I don't think that he'll hate you forever if you tell him 
you want to delay it a few days."

	Ryoko looked at her mother.  "It's not that.  I do want to marry him.  
It's just-"

	"Your stomach's full of butterflies, you don't want anything to change, 
and yet you love him so much you'd do anything."  Washu paused.  "Have I got it 
right?"

	Ryoko nodded.  Washu grinned at her.  "I think everyone feels that way, 
Ryoko.  This is the first true family setting you've had in a long time.  But 
it'll still be a family, just closer together."  Washu grinned evilly.  "After 
all, I'm Tenchi's mother now, technically."

	Ryoko's eyes got wide.  "Does that mean Nobuyuki's my dad?"

	Washu laughed out loud at her.  Ryoko joined in a few moments later.

	"There," Washu said, wiping water from her eyes.  "Don't you feel better 
now?" Ryoko nodded.  Washu conjured two glasses of juice.  "Drink this, it'll 
make you feel better."

	Ryoko gulped hers down, while Washu took sips of her drink.  "So, do you 
think tomorrow will go well?" Washu said, sitting primly on the fountain.

	"Uh-huh," Ryoko nodded.  She collapsed in a heap on the floor.

	Washu finished her drink and grinned at her daughter.  "Mother knows 
best." She said wickedly.

***

	Washu stole into her room downstairs still grinning.  Ryoko was tucked 
into her bed, sleeping until Washu came to wake her up.  She put one arm around 
her pillow, tucked the blanket around her shoulders, and went back to sleep.

***

	Sasami awoke early the next morning and fixed breakfast.  The lovely 
smells quickly woke up Mihoshi who Sasami put to work setting the table.  Ayeka 
stumbled down moments later in a fresh kimono.  Tenchi yawned as he walked down 
the stairs, looking forward to Sasami's delicious meal.

	"Tenchi, would you go get Washu?  She's late." Sasami called.  Tenchi 
smiled and walked to the lab door.

***

	"Ryoko!" Washu shook her daughter.  Great, I think I gave her too much 
last night.  Washu grimaced.  She could hear Tenchi calling for them.  What to 
do?  

	She left her daughter in bed and went to answer Tenchi's call.  "Oh, 
Washu." Tenchi said as she appeared.  "Breakfast is ready."

	"Give me about five minutes and I'll have both of us there.  Ryoko's, uh, 
getting dressed." Washu stalled.  Tenchi smiled and walked toward the door.  
Washu phased into her house.  She walked up the stairs to Ryoko's room.  

	Thinking rapidly, she phased downstairs and mixed up a cup of wake-me-up 
tea.  She phased into Ryoko's bedroom and tilted her daughter up.  Putting the 
cup to her lips and getting her to swallow was a fun treat, but nothing she 
hadn't done before.

	Ryoko awoke choking on the tea.  "Washu!  What did you do to me?" she 
shrieked.

	"You didn't look like you'd fall asleep so I drugged you.  You're fine.  
We're expected at breakfast in about three minutes.  Hurry up and get dressed." 
Washu commanded.  Ryoko, wide awake from the tea, phased into her clothes.  The 
two women walked out of the house and into the lab with Ryoko still giving Washu 
a piece of her mind.

***

	"And if you ever drug me again-" Ryoko's voice came into the kitchen.

	"-then I'll regret it forever and ever.  Good morning, everyone.  
Breakfast still hot?" Washu asked brightly.

	"Mm-hmm!" Sasami said brightly, putting the last dish on the table.  They 
all sat down and began to serve themselves.

	"So when are we getting this show on the road?" Ryoko asked with false 
bravado.

	Washu swallowed her mouthful of fish.  "Right after breakfast."

	"Washu, aren't we going to have a problem?  So many people will be 
arriving at once." Ayeka worried.

	"Don't sweat it.  People expect to wait before a wedding.  They'll mill 
around and talk to other people.  I've already set up a reception area in the 
yard.  There are little appetizers and drinks set out already." Washu told them.  
"They'll arrive in a designated spot, one of us will greet them, and show them 
where they can go to sit and have treats.  Simple, really."

	"When exactly are they going to arrive?" Ayeka asked.

	Washu consulted her watch.  "In about twenty minutes.  Just enough time to 
eat and get dressed in fancier clothes."

	The rest of the meal consisted of everyone except Washu and Mihoshi 
bolting their meals and running off to get dressed.  Once Washu had explained 
why everyone was running to Mihoshi, she took off running as well.  

***

	They came back downstairs fully dressed to see that Washu was just 
finishing up her breakfast.  She turned around and said, "Ah, everyone ready?"  
She chased the last bit of rice around and crunched it.  Washu stood up and a 
red shimmering gown graced her petite form.  "Let's go then." She said and lead 
the way out to the yard.

	"Here's how it's going to go.  Ayeka, Sasami, and Tenchi will be receiving 
the Juraian nobles.  When Funaho and Misaki get here, they might help out for a 
bit."  Washu positioned the three into place.  "They'll appear right here in 
front of you.  Tell them that you're glad to see them, welcome to Earth, and the 
refreshments are right over there.  The other guests will be joining you 
shortly."  Washu stopped.

	"Mihoshi, you're going to be greeting your friends.  Stand right here so 
they don't get scared about where they are, okay?"  Washu thought to herself, 
maybe if Mihoshi thinks about her friends being scared, she'll actually stay 
where she's put.

	"Balar, I want you to help Ryoko welcome the scientists." Washu pointed 
where she wanted them to stand.  She consulted her watch.  "They should be 
arriving any minute.

	Lady Areta and her husband appeared in front of Ayeka.  "Good morning, 
Lady Areta," she said carefully.  "How was your trip?"

	Lady Areta put a hand on her hat to make sure it was still there.  "I-I 
don't know.  One minute I had the card and the next I was here."

	"Well, there are refreshments over there to calm you." Ayeka pointed.  
"The other guests will be here shortly."  Lady Areta and her husband wandered in 
the area of where Ayeka had pointed.

	"Hi, grandfather!" Mihoshi said cheerfully.  After hugs, he was directed 
there as well.

	Sasami welcomed Finaris and showed her where to go.  Washu noticed her 
dress was a little threadbare and whispered to the gems.  The basic pattern 
stayed the same but the material was much richer now and was new.  Washu smiled.

	Ryoko shook hands with scientists who claimed to have known her when she 
was a baby.  Balar directed them to the refreshments and the chairs to sit in.  

	Tenchi greeted various nobles that he had no way of know who they were 
except by the cards they handed him.  

	Washu observed all this with glee.  It was going to go right, it was!

***

	The emperor and empresses of Jurai showed up shortly after that.  Misaki 
cried and hugged everyone.  Funaho chuckled at her sister.  Azusa favored Tenchi 
with a smile and went off to calm the nobles who had been upset by that mode of 
transportation.  Misaki and Funaho talked with nobles and also greeted the newer 
ones.  Funaho smiled and pointed out where Ryoko was to Art and Lacey who had 
come along with them.  They ran over to her and eagerly latched on to her.

	"It was so much fun!" Art said enthusiastically.  Ryoko smiled 
indulgently.  

	"Well, Ryoko, looks like you've got a pair." Chiro said.  Ryoko turned 
around.

	"Sorry." She grinned.  "Can they stick with you today?"  Chiro nodded at 
Ryoko's question.

	"Sure, they can play with my two." Chiro motioned the kids forward.  The 
two little girls grinned mischievously.

	"So you're our auntie Ryoko." One of them said.

	"Are you really a space pirate?" the other said.

	"I'm a lab experiment," Ryoko joked.  "There's food over there."  

	That was all it took.  All four of the kids streaked off toward the food 
and the grown-ups.  Chiro shook her head.  "My, my.  Where'd you inherit those 
two from?"

	"I ran into them on Jurai and got them into the orphanage." Ryoko said.

	Chiro's eyes melted.  "The poor kids.  I'll look after them today for 
you."  Chiro wandered off to her father who was talking enthusiastically to 
Washu.

***
	
	Washu glanced around.  She had specified that they appear in human form, 
but...

	"Hey, Washu!" a voice said.

	She turned around to find an old acquaintance standing there.  "Hello." 
She said.  "Long time no see, Heroa."

	"So is this the party?  I'll find my own way around, thanks."  The man 
wandered off.

	And he's the flakiest.  Washu sighed.  She wondered what some of the 
others would be like.

	A young lady appeared in front of her, obviously nervous.  Washu smiled at 
her to calm her nerves.  "I'm so glad you could come."  Washu yelled for Heroa 
to come back.  At least if she were with him, no one would bother her.  Heroa 
was powerful enough to keep the vultures away.  "This young man will show you 
around, Torimi."  Heroa's eyes widened but he said nothing.  His eyes promised 
that Washu would tell him the story later.

***

	After all the guests had arrived, the greeters started back toward the 
house to get ready for the ceremony.  Ryoko and Washu trailed behind the rest.

	"I don't even know most of these people." Ryoko said alarmed.

	"Well, they know you, so don't worry about it." Washu waved it off as an 
insignificant thing to worry about.

	"Hello, Washu." A voice spoke.

	Washu turned around.  "I brought these for you." The voice had a body.  It 
held out a handful of purple and blue flowers.  "I didn't think you had seen 
these in a while since your ... departure."

	Washu fought to keep a neutral expression on her face.  "Hello, 
Belegorthas."

	The dark-haired man swept a gaze over Ryoko, his eyes lingering on certain 
parts.  "And this must be the fair Ryoko, your pride and joy."

	"Hi," Ryoko said shortly.  I don't like this guy's attitude.  I'm getting 
married today.  Who does he think he is looking at me like that?  Washu was 
tensing up.  Who was this guy?

	"Where is the groom?" he said idly.

	Ryoko pointed to where Tenchi was taking the last few steps into the 
house.  Belegorthas eyes narrowed.  "Him?  That ... mortal?"  He swept forward 
towards Ryoko.  Washu moved closer to her.  "He is not worthy of the only child 
of the gods."

	"He is "worthy" of me.  If you say otherwise again, you'll end up a little 
singed." Ryoko's hand started to glow red.  "And what do you mean by only child 
of the gods?" Ryoko said being feisty.  

	"Tsk, tsk.  Washu, you haven't told her?" he smiled.  He gave the 
impression of a snake weaving around trying to hypnotize it's prey. 

	"If you were more careful, there wasn't any reason to tell her." Washu 
gritted out.  "No one needed to know about the extra guests here today or that 
small piece of information."

	"What are you two talking about?" Ryoko demanded.

	Washu sighed.  "Do you remember when you came into my bedroom and stared 
into my eyes and saw only blackness?"  Ryoko nodded.  "You interrupted me while 
I was summoning.  If it had been anyone else but a god or my daughter, they 
would be dead."  

	Washu gestured to the crowd.  "Those people that I greeted?  Gods and 
goddesses every last one of them.  I summoned them that morning."

	Ryoko gaped at her mother.  Washu continued.  "Not one of has ever been 
married except me.  And that was because I believed myself to be human.  We 
never saw the need to perform such ceremonies.  So this is the first marriage of 
anyone of the gods."

	"And the child of the gods?" Belegorthas drawled.  "She might be curious 
of that as well, Washu."

	Washu glared at him.  "Ryoko, you're the only child of any of the gods.  
Happy, Belegorthas?"

	He nodded smugly.  "But how can that be?" Ryoko said.  "You've had a child 
before."

	Washu sighed.  "I thought I was human both times.  I wanted to have 
children.  Since my parents were unknown and my background was unknown, we had 
the baby fertilized in a jar and carried to term by technology.  The baby took 
after the mortal side.  You, on the other hand, were constructed by the 
combination of Mass and my egg cells.  There was no mortal side for you to take 
after.  You were also carried to term by technology.  Most babies are now."

	"Bravo to the school teacher." Belegorthas clapped.  "Now, Ryoko, you see 
why you cannot marry that mortal.  He will wither and die and you shall not."

	"I will not let you have her, Belegorthas." Washu said in a low voice.  
"She is not a pawn."

	"Ah, but she is.  The only child of the gods?  To the god that wins her-" 
He closed his eyes in rapture.  "Besides, no mortal can please her like a god."

	Washu's eyes danced with flame.  "You shall not have her."  Her gems 
started to glow.

	His eyes touched on her gems.  "Ah.  The power of an elder goddess against 
just a god.  I shall concede the fight."  He reached out one finger and caressed 
Ryoko's cheek for just a split second.  "I shall find you sometime when your 
mother is not with you."  He laughed and started to walk away.  

	Ryoko started forward, red energy already forming in her hand.  Washu's 
gems started to glow.  But strangely enough, the rescue came from another 
quarter.

	Belegorthas came close to knocking a woman over.  "Watch it!" he snarled.

	"I would suggest you "watch it", Belegorthas." Came a soft but menacing 
voice.  He looked up into the face of the youngest of the elder goddesses, 
Tsunami.

	"Tsunami," he said in a normal voice.  "If I had known it was you-"

	"You would challenge me and my plan?" Tsunami said lowly.  

	Belegorthas shook his head.  "No, my lady.  I have never-"

	"I am not your lady.  You have challenged me.  You would disrupt my plan 
for Jurai by hurting its next empress." Tsunami's gentle eyes started to flare.
 
	Washu appeared beside her sister.  "Two elder goddesses and the only child 
of the gods you've made angry, Belegorthas.  I think you had better leave before 
we put you out of existence."

	Belegorthas made a sketchy bow and disappeared.

	Washu sighed.  "Thanks, Tsunami.  He's still a pain in the rear, isn't 
he?"

	Tsunami smiled at her sister.  "It's almost time.  Hadn't you better get 
ready?"  Washu and Ryoko ran toward the house.  Tsunami smiled and faded out.

***

	Back at the house, everyone was looking for Washu.  She had the dresses in 
the portals and no one could get them out.  Balar, Tenchi, and Yosho had already 
started to get dressed.  Washu closed her eyes and tried to calm down.

	"Ayeka, here's your dress." Washu pulled it out of the portals.  Ayeka 
grabbed it.  Washu pulled three more things out for her.  "Here's the bracelet 
Tenchi gave you, the leaf headpiece, and your earrings."  Ayeka accepted them 
and went off to her room.

	"Sasami, Ryo-ohki," Washu looked down at Sasami and Ryo-ohki in her cabbit 
form.  "Ryo-ohki, humanoid form, please."  Ryo-ohki made the adjustment.  "Here 
are your dresses and your headpieces."  Washu thought and pulled out the 
porcelain rose necklaces for them.

	"Mihoshi, here's your dress."  Mihoshi scrambled for her dress.  Washu 
handed her the strand of pink pearls and the headpiece of rose quartz crystals.

	"Meet back here when you're dressed." Washu told them.

***

	Washu and Ryoko went to their house to change.  Ryoko slipped into her 
dress, while Washu did hers.  "Mom?" Ryoko said softly.

	"Yes, my little Ryoko?" Washu said, looking at herself in the mirror.

	"Do you think my hair could be longer?" she asked.

	Washu glanced at her daughter.  "Yes, it could be longer."

	"That's not what I meant." Ryoko said wryly.  "Could you make it grow 
longer?  Now?"

	Washu thought for a moment.  "Yes, I could make it grow longer.  But if 
you want it longer, I think you can do it yourself."  Washu looked pointed at 
her gems.

	Ryoko glanced down at the three gems on her wrist.  She looked at her 
mother.  Washu grinned at her.  "You are my child.  You don't think you can 
alter your form?"

	Ryoko looked in the mirror and took a deep breath.  She used the gems.

	Nothing happened.

	Washu sighed.  "You're doing it wrong.  If you're going to use the power 
in the gems, you need to stop ordering them around.  You've seen what I do.  
Whisper to them.  Channel energy through the gems, don't order them around as if 
they were your slaves.  The energy of the universe doesn't like to be told what 
to do."

	Ryoko sighed.  She tried a gentle touch on the gems.  I'd like my hair 
longer.  Please, she added as an afterthought.

	Washu put a hand over her mouth to stop the laughter.  "You might want to 
specify how long."

	Ryoko looked in dismay at the hair pooling at her feet.

	"Like this." Washu said through the link.  Her gems floated over Ryoko's 
until the two of them met in a violet brilliance.  Washu and Ryoko's minds were 
close.  Washu whispered and Ryoko saw exactly how to do it.

	They separated and Ryoko's hair was just six inches longer, down to the 
middle of her back where she had wanted it to be.  Ryoko twirled in the mirror, 
watching her extra inches float around her.  

	Washu settled her down long enough to fasten the necklace around her neck 
and settle her headpiece on her head.  "You need to place two gems in there," 
she reminded her daughter.  Ryoko placed the gems into the holes that Washu had 
left.

	Ryoko gazed at herself in the mirror.  She was lovely.  

	Washu grinned at her daughter staring at herself in the mirror.  "Enough's 
enough.  You look beautiful.  Geez, who'd ever have thought I'd raise such a 
vain lady." She teased.

***

	Washu and Ryoko were dressed and it was time to go to the living room to 
meet everyone.  They began to phase out and found that they couldn't.  Washu and 
Ryoko shrugged and tried the door next.

	It didn't budge.

	Washu's eyes narrowed and she searched for a presence.  Pulling energies 
out of her gems, she summoned The Trickster.

	"Ah-ha!" she said in triumph as he appeared.

	He grinned at her.  "You didn't think I would show up?"

	"I knew you would show up.  That's why I didn't invite you." Washu 
retorted.  "Now, let us out of this lab and go home."

	The strange man bowed mockingly to her and departed.  Without opening the 
lab.  Washu sighed and became the goddess.

	Blasting power away from her lab that The Trickster had so carefully 
woven, she receded into her human form only when it was done.  "I hope I don't 
have to do that today." She muttered.

	"Do what?" Ryoko asked.

	"Become a goddess.  How do you think the people of Jurai would like you as 
empress when they found out you were immortal, hm?" Washu asked.

***

	Back in the living room, Washu found that Tenchi, Balar, and Yosho had 
gotten dressed and gone to stand at the altar.  Washu frowned.  Something was 
missing.

	She snapped her fingers.  Yanking the portals open and shut, Nobuyuki fell 
to the ground.  Sitting up he said, "Ah, the commute is horrible."

***
	
	Washu got him into some clothes and told him to go and stand beside his 
son.  Nobuyuki trotted off.  

	Next she opened a portal.  "I'm going to go through this thing." Washu 
told them.  "It empties out right at the end of the aisle.  I'll go first.  
Count to ten and then walk after me Mihoshi and Ayeka.  Sasami, count to twenty 
and you and Ryo-ohki come through.  After you've counted to thirty, Ryoko, you 
step through the portal.  Remember, walk slowly and to the music."  Ryoko 
nodded.

	Washu stepped through the portal.

***

	Wow, she thought.  I didn't realize this many people were here. 

	There were television cameras set up, broadcasting the wedding all over 
the universe.  Cameras were going off from everywhere.  At least a thousand 
people were here.  Thank goodness, I made the aisle smaller than it appears to 
be, Washu thought.  If I had to walk up this thing at a normal rate, it would 
take me a half hour.

	Tenchi and Balar waited by the empty altar.  Washu grinned.  Tsunami was 
waiting to make a dramatic entrance.  Good for her. 

	Yosho and Nobuyuki were sitting, Yosho trying to keep Nobuyuki calm.  
Washu reached the front and twirled about to stand to the side of the altar.

***

	Mihoshi came through and Ayeka followed her.  Mihoshi's grandfather smiled 
until Washu thought his face would crack.  Ayeka's family grinned at her.  She 
smiled at them and proceeded up the aisle to stand beside Mihoshi and Washu.

	The two little girls, Sasami and Ryo-ohki, were engulfed in a thunderous 
"Awww!" from the crowd.  They spread their flower petals all over the aisle and 
smiled broadly for the cameras.

***

	Ryoko got halfway to fifty when she realized something.  My bouquet!  

	Washu! She called mentally.

***
	
	Standing beside the altar, Washu said, "Yes, you can come through now."

	I don't have my bouquet!

	Washu grimaced.  She knew she had forgotten something.  She summoned her 
laptop to the chuckles of the guests.  Little sprays appeared for the men in 
front of them and bouquets appeared for the ladies.  Washu reached out and 
grabbed hers.  

	There.  It should be in front of you, Ryoko.

***

	Ryoko grabbed the bouquet out of thin air.  Straightening her dress, she 
began walking through the portal.  

***
	
	Her first thought was, Oh, I am in trouble.  

	Cameras went off, flashing from every direction.  The music started up and 
Ryoko remembered to walk.  "Mom!  Why didn't you tell me there were this many 
people?"

	"Because I knew you'd freak out, just like you are now." Washu told her.  
"Just walk toward Tenchi my dear."

	Ryoko focussed on Tenchi, beaming at her from the altar.  She smiled 
timidly back.  What am I doing? Her thoughts said to her.  I'm actually getting 
married.  Oh, Ryoko!  Come on, phase out of here, summon Ryo-ohki, and fly away!

	Tenchi smiled at her.

	She continued.  Once she reached the altar, the guests were abuzz with who 
was going to marry them?

	The air in back of the altar started to shimmer.  People started to talk 
and point.

	Tsunami appeared in all her glory.  She smiled benignly at the couple.  
Ryoko mouthed, Hi, Auntie.  Tsunami grinned at her.

	"Ryoko Hakubi and Tenchi Masaki Jurai wish to marry.  Is there anyone here 
who says they should not?" her voice boomed to all corners of the tent.

	"I say not."

	Everyone in the aisle turned to see who objected.  Azusa had a thunderous 
expression on his face.  The empresses disapproving ones.  

	Washu narrowed her eyes.  Belegorthas.  

	"Why?" Tsunami said to him, her eyes sparkling with anger.

	"Because if I cannot have her, no one will." Belegorthas yanked a gun from 
his side and pointed it at Ryoko.

	Tenchi tried to move in front of her but a warning look from Ryoko made 
him reluctantly stay back.

	Washu's eyes widened.  That energy gun could actually injure Ryoko.  Kill 
her if it hit a dangerous spot.  Why hadn't she made the corrections to Ryoko's 
immune system earlier?  She started working out exactly how much time she'd need 
to upload the new data.  Calculating the time it would take to upload and the 
time Belegorthas would need to fire the gun...

	She sighed.  Not enough time.  She couldn't step in front of Ryoko, 
because how would she explain why she didn't die?

	Ryoko stared at Belegorthas.  He's going to try to kill me because I want 
to marry Tenchi?!  Wow, are all gods egos this huge?

	Tsunami stepped forward.  "You would interrupt my plan, Belegorthas?" she 
said dangerously low.

	"Yes, I would.  And if you don't stop, I shall fire this weapon now." He 
said in a no-nonsense tone of voice.

	"Mom?  Can I effect the changes myself?" Ryoko sent to her mother.

	Washu looked toward her daughter with wide eyes.  "I don't know."

	"Give me the data." Ryoko demanded.

	Washu surrendered it without much hope.  Tsunami would stop this for her.

	"Belegorthas, this is not-" Tsunami started.  Belegorthas had enough 
talking.  He fired.

	Ryoko had already started the immune system upgrade.  The energy weapon 
sound shot through her ears and Ryoko felt a slight burning sensation in front 
of her heart.

	Completed.

***

	Ryoko opened her eyes.  Tenchi had her in his arms and he had been crying.  
Washu was trying to tell him that she was all right, but it wasn't doing any 
good.

	"It-it's okay." She whispered to him.  His eyes turned toward her with 
life and hope reflected in them.

	Ryoko stood up carefully with Tenchi's hands helping her.  "What 
happened?" she asked.

	Washu said, "Tsunami caused the shot to dissipate."

	Ryoko spoke to her mentally.  "Really?"

	Washu grinned.  "Of course not.  I'm proud of you!  You made an upgrade to 
your body all by yourself!"

	Tsunami sighed and put a hand on her forehead, shaking her head.  "Does 
anyone else disapprove of these two being married?" she asked in a plaintive 
voice.

	No one answered her, though a few looked strangely at a goddess who acted 
world-weary.

	"Good," she said.  "Tenchi Masaki Jurai, do you wish to be married to this 
woman to help her throughout life's troubles for as long as you live?"

	Tenchi nodded and said, "Yes."

	Tsunami turned to Ryoko.  "Ryoko Hakubi, do you wish to be married to this 
man to help him throughout life's troubles for as long as you live?"

	Privately Tsunami asked, "Are you sure?  You are going to live for a very 
long time."

	Ryoko smiled.  "Yes."

	Tsunami waved a hand and Tenchi and Ryoko both felt a weight on their 
hands appear.  The rings they had chosen glistened on their fingers. 

	"You are now married.  May your life together be sweet." Tsunami smiled 
once more and faded from view.

	Tenchi and Ryoko gazed at each other.  "Do you feel any different?" Tenchi 
asked.

	Ryoko took a deep breath and looked at the underside of the tent, 
considering the question.  "Nope," she finally admitted.

	"Come on!" Washu said impatiently.  "The food's waiting and I'm hungry!"

***

	Tenchi and Ryoko sat down together at the round table.  Washu was to 
Ryoko's right and Nobuyuki was at Tenchi's left.  Ryo-ohki, Sasami, Ayeka, 
Balar, Azusa, Misaki, and Funaho sat together as a group.  Mihoshi sat next to 
her grandfather.  Yosho sat in the bridge between the royal family and Nobuyuki.  
The guests chattered amongst themselves.  

	Tenchi and Ryoko spent most of the dinner gazing into each other's eyes 
and whispering loving words to each other.  Balar was introduced as one of 
Tenchi's friends who was visiting by Washu.  She winked at Ayeka and went back 
to her meal.

	Tenchi and Ryoko cut the cake and shared a huge slice of it between them.  
Tenchi took great pleasure in feeding Ryoko the cake.  Her eyes twinkled at him 
as she tasted the lovely confection.

	"May I?" A shimmering voice asked.

	Ryoko turned to find Tsunami in back of them.  "Sure."  Ryoko carved a 
piece of cake for her and handed her a plate and fork.  The goddess sat on a 
chair that hovered in mid-air.  She tasted the cake and sighed with pleasure.

	"Very good cake, Sasami." She said and faded away.

***

	Washu nudged Ryoko.  "It's time for you two to dance." She whispered.

	Ryoko looked at Tenchi and shrugged.  The two got up and went out to the 
middle of the floor.  They started to sway to the music.  Ayeka got up and Balar 
stood with her.  They accompanied each other to the dance floor and began to 
sway delicate to the music also.  Misaki grabbed Sasami and they began to dance 
while Azusa and Funaho danced.  Then the family traded off.  Mihoshi 
enthusiastically danced with her grandfather.  Soon the dance floor was full of 
dancers.

	Washu sat alone.  She watched the dancers sway to the music.

	"It is a nice tune." Heroa said from behind her.  "Would you like to take 
a turn around the floor?" 

	Washu smiled and nodded.  Her acquaintance, Heroa, and her danced to one 
tune, then the dancing was over for her.  The memories were too much.  

	They sat down.  "Where's Torimi?" Washu asked.  There were too many 
gods/goddesses that could harm her in this form....

	"She's with Chiro over there."  Heroa pointed.  "Ryoko said she was nice 
and I checked her mind.  No malice in that one."

	"There isn't.  I helped raise her." Washu raised her glass of juice.

	"So what is up with Tokimi?" Heroa asked.  "I mean, she's completely 
human.  Is this getting to be a trend with the elder goddesses?"

	Washu sighed.  "I hope not.  She came to Earth to try to push Tsunami and 
I into finishing the universe.  The problem is, if we finish the universe, then 
it might blow up.  So Ryoko tried to tell her to quit it and she made a snide 
comment about goddesses not having any feelings.  So I challenged her."  Washu 
sipped her drink.

	"Challenged her to what?" Heroa asked.

	"To stay a human for ten years." Washu explained.  "If she comes back 
wanting to finish the universe, Tsunami and I will think of something else.  But 
you have to admit, Tokimi as Torimi might impact her thinking a little bit."

	Heroa saluted her thinking with a drink.

***

	The guests started to leave after the first hour of festivities.  Art and 
Lacey were promised a day at the palace by Funaho and Misaki.  They had made 
friends with Chiro's daughters and Chiro agreed to arrange a play date for them 
with the queens.  Finaris said good-bye to Ryoko and Tenchi and to call her to 
work on gardens if she did anymore.  Torimi said good-bye shyly and left.

	Once they were all gone, Washu heaved a sigh of relief.  No more 
catastrophes today.

	"AHHHHHH!!!" Mihoshi screamed.

	Washu quickly looked toward the blond.  "Mihoshi!" she groaned.  Mihoshi 
managed to crawl out of the pile of presents.

	"Wow, how did those get there?" Tenchi asked.

	"Those are your wedding presents, Tenchi." Washu said calmly.  "There's 
rather a lot of them."

	Tenchi's eyes widened.  "Those are for us?" he squeaked.

	"Yes.  I thought you'd unwrap them first.  It'll probably take the rest of 
the afternoon." Washu said calmly.  "But we'll all help you."

***

	The presents were beginning to be unwrapped.  Washu had moved the chairs 
back into a portal and transported the presents under the safety of the tent.  
The emperor and empresses of Jurai decided to stay for another few hours to help 
unwrap the presents.  With Nobuyuki, Yosho, Ryoko, Tenchi, Sasami, Ryo-ohki, 
Mihoshi, Washu, Ayeka, and Balar working at unwrapping them all the job was 
still enormous.

	Everyone called out the name of the person who had presented the present, 
unwrapped it, yelled what it was, and then chose another present.  They took it 
in turns so that no one missed a present.

	Mihoshi unwrapped Ryt's present which was a package of bandaids (ha, ha, 
very funny, Ryoko had said sarcastically) and a ruby necklace to match the 
earrings.

	Washu presented Ryoko with two handmade drawings that Art and Lacey had 
done for her.

	Ayeka withdrew a sparkling hummingbird from Finaris.

	The rest of the presents were splendid as well, but they are too numerous 
to name here.  Washu put all of them into storage for the newly married couple.  
Since only cleanup duties were left, the family got started on that.  Ayeka 
sighed and motioned to Balar.  He went to her as she asked her parents to 
accompany her to the house.

	Washu watched her leave and shook her head.

***

	"Funaho, Misaki, this is Balar." Ayeka presented him properly.  The two 
ladies lavished their attention on him while Ayeka confronted her father.

	"This is the man I intend to marry, Father." She spoke in a definitive 
tone.

	"WHAT?" he shouted.

	Ayeka stood firm.  "I am going to marry Balar." She said again.

	"You are not!" Azusa said firmly.

	"Tenchi is going to be emperor, that means that I am a cadet line.  And as 
a cadet line I can choose who I marry." Ayeka said quivering a bit.

	"You will not.  I know nothing about this man." He thundered.

	Balar found his way out of the ladies attentions and stood beside Ayeka.  
"I am Balar." He said simply.

	"And what do you do?" Azusa asked.

	"I have not found out yet." Balar said simply.

	"How will you support my daughter?" He asked.

	"I have no idea."

	"Do you have any lands, titles, rank?" Azusa asked.

	"Not to my knowledge." Balar answered honestly.

	Azusa crossed his arms.  "Then you shall not marry my daughter."

	"Yes, he shall." Tsunami told him.

	Azusa went white.  "As Ryoko is part of my plan, so is Balar.  He is 
prince of an empire far away from here, if you must know." Tsunami said gently.  
"He is worthy of Ayeka."

	Azusa could do nothing but nod as Tsunami fixed him with her gaze.  The 
empresses giggled and they soon left for home.

	As soon as they were gone, Ayeka whispered, "Tsunami?"

	"Yes, Princess?" she appeared.

	"He isn't really a prince?"

	Tsunami smiled and shook her head.  "He is and then again he isn't.  He is 
because I have said so, but that empire will not be created for thousands of 
years."  Ayeka smiled.

***

	After the cleaning up was done, Washu asked Tenchi and Ryoko to accompany 
her to the lab.  Once they were inside, she stopped and turned.  "You two 
haven't thought of something." She said in a singsong voice.  "Or at least Ryoko 
hasn't had time to think of it."

	"What is it?" Tenchi asked the scientist/goddess.

	"Well, actually there's a bunch of things you haven't thought of, but I'm 
only concerned with two things at the moment.  I'll ask the easy one now.  It's 
customary for the newly married couple to go away for the night.  Where are you 
going?" Washu asked.
	Ryoko and Tenchi looked at each other.

	"Right.  I'm going to let you know something.  Since Ryoko can call for 
help from her bedroom mentally, I soundproofed it a long time ago.  There is no 
reason that I should be kept awake from her snoring." Washu shook a finger at 
Ryoko.

	Washu continued.  "Also I'm not going to be at home for the rest of the 
evening.  When tomorrow gets here, I have something planned for the house.  But 
for tonight I have disconnected my bedroom from the house.  I'll be there making 
breakfast in the morning."

	Tenchi and Ryoko blushed.

	"There's no reason to blush.  I'm not going to be there.  You'll have the 
house all to yourselves.  Just don't make a mess." Washu scolded.

	"What's the other thing?" Ryoko asked, eager to get out of this 
conversation.

	"Tenchi's going to die." Washu said bluntly.

	Ryoko bowed her head.  "Did you have to bring that up?" she cried out.  
"He would have been happier not knowing."

	"I'm going to die when?" Tenchi asked alarmed.

	Washu looked at him with reluctance in her eyes.  "You have a decision to 
make, you two."  Washu reached into a portal and pulled out a small vial filled 
with a green liquid.  "This is what I've been working on."  

	Washu sighed.  "I first had the idea when Tokimi became Torimi.  Of what I 
was sentencing her to.  I made a vow to find an answer, a solution for her.  
That answer will take longer."  Washu lifted her head and spoke.

	"This will make Tenchi immortal."

	"What do you mean?" Ryoko shouted.

	"I mean that you, Ryoko, will live forever.  You are an elder goddess's 
child, the only child of the gods.  Ever.  You will live on while Tenchi dies.  
As long as you can make upgrades to your body, that is."  Washu closed her eyes.

	She opened them facing Tenchi.  "This is your decision, Tenchi.  I can't 
make it, Ryoko can't make it, only you.  Do you want to age, to make Ryoko see 
your death?  Or do you want to live and see everyone around you die?"

	Tenchi looked at her, stricken with indecision.

	Washu spoke once more.  "I will let you ask the gems one question, Tenchi.  
Only one.  Don't ask the wrong one."

	Tenchi thought and decided.  The gems that were Washu's floated to him.  
He whispered to them and smiled, relieved, at their answer.

	He held out his hand for the vial and Washu gave it to him.  He drank it 
fast for it tasted bitter.  Ryoko watched with fearful eyes.

	Nothing happened.

	Tenchi smiled at her and Washu.  "So, did it work?" he asked.

	Washu looked at him piercingly.  She nodded.  "Yes, it worked."

	"What was your question?" Ryoko asked curious.

	"Will I regret it?" Tenchi said softly.  "The gems said no, I wouldn't."  
He smiled at his new bride.  Washu discreetly left.
