These characters do not belong to me, they belong to AIC and Pioneer.  I'm also not doing this for money.

The Invitations
By Kenzie Kennedy

	"Here you go," Washu passed two lists around the table to Ayeka and Sasami.

	"What're those for?" Ryoko said through a mouthful of breakfast.

	"Lists of guests." Washu explained.  "I've got the one we're using.  Ayeka and Sasami will invite the Juraians and you and I will head off for the scientists."

	"If all this could be done in one day-" Tenchi began.

	"Then why was I having the computer do it?" Washu finished.  "Because the computer generated the list and was going to send out invitations to everyone so I wouldn't have to do it.  I managed to save the list, but the invitations are a lost cause."

	"Where's my list?" Mihoshi asked.

	Washu handed it to her.  She scanned it.  "Oh, these people should be easy to find!" she said.

	"Mm-hmm," Washu grinned at her.  "But some of the distances are pretty long.  Are you up to it, officer?"

	"First class Detective Mihoshi on the job!" Mihoshi struggled to salute.

	Ayeka was looking at her list.  "I should be able to deliver messages and be back by tonight."

	Washu pulled out a hand-held gadget.  "When you get to the person, say their name into this, and it'll print out a card with the name on it.  If they don't have a card, they don't get here."

	"Why is that?" Tenchi asked.

	Washu looked at him.  "Because when they're ready to be here, the card will activate.  All they have to do is follow the instructions on it."  Washu pulled another one out of mid-air.  "Dr. Krugel," she spoke into the machine.  It whirred and spit out a card from the top.

	Washu held it up and showed it to everyone.  Reading from the back, "Make sure all parties are holding onto the card.  Say "Tenchi and Ryoko's wedding" and it will transport you to the wedding."

	"I tried to make them as simple as possible." She concluded.

	Ayeka finished counting.  "There are over five hundred people on this list!" she said aloud.

	"So we'd better get going." Washu got up from the table.  "One last thing.  This list is keyed into the portals at the moment.  When you say a name, it transports you to the person."

	Ayeka looked at the list and felt relieved.  Sasami stood by her and glanced at the list.  "This is going to be a long day." Ayeka sighed.

	"Speak the first name on the list, Ayeka, please." Washu said.  "And hold Sasami's hand so that you both go."

	Ayeka held the list and grasped her sister's hand.  "Lady Areta," she spoke and she was whisked away.

	"Mihoshi?" Washu turned.

	"Grandfather!" she said and was whisked away also.

	"Tenchi, Balar, don't do anything I wouldn't do." Washu winked.  Laying a hand on Ryoko's arm, she said, "Dr. Krugel."

***

	"Washu!" Ryoko screamed.

	Washu picked herself up off the floor.  "Whew!  I hope that doesn't happen every time." She said.

	"Dr. Hakubi, what a surprise." Dr. Krugel peered down at her.  "Did you have a problem?"

	"No, Arram.  I came to deliver the wedding invitation." Washu handed him the card.

	"Oh, my.  Chiro told me you were getting married, Ryoko.  Congratulations!" Dr. Krugel gave Ryoko a small hug.

	Say thank you, Washu told Ryoko mentally.

	"Thank you." Ryoko said obediently for once.

	"Are there going to be many guests?" Dr. Krugel politely asked.

	Washu rolled her eyes.  "More than you think." She sighed.  "I lost count after the first thousand."

	"I'll have to go shopping for a gift." Dr. Krugel stroked his small beard.  "Has Chiro been visited yet?"

	"Nope, she's next on the list." Washu showed the list to him.  "This is how many people we have to visit today.  Mihoshi deleted the invitation program and the list.  I managed to find it again, but it'll still take a long time."

	"Then you'd better be off.  I'll be sure to show up, Ryoko!" Dr. Krugel smiled at her.

	"Chiro," Washu spoke.

***

	"Hi!" Chiro waved.  "Ryoko, what are you doing in my class?"  The entire classroom turned to look at the infamous space pirate.

	"Dr. Hakubi!" the professor spoke harshly.  "You can't barge into classrooms like this!"

	"I'm not barging in, Quirr, I'm delivering an invitation to my daughter's wedding.  And if I were teaching you wouldn't be able to budge these students' attention with a stick." Washu spoke just as harshly.  "Chiro, here's your invitation.  Make sure your husband and the kids are holding onto it when you come to the wedding."  

	Chiro turned it over and nodded.  "Okay, I'll be there.  Did you visit father yet?"

	Washu and Ryoko nodded.  "Two down, who knows how many to go." Washu said and spoke the next name.

***

	"Princess Ayeka.  Princess Sasami.  So good to see you again." Lady Areta spoke through a fan.

	Sasami coughed from the heavy perfume.  Ayeka spoke her name again and the machine coughed out a slip of paper.  "This is your invitation to Prince Tenchi and Ryoko's wedding, Lady Areta." She spoke with a princessly air.  "Directions are on the back."

	"Oh, that cunning creature who designed my favorite garden!  I shall be sure to be there." Lady Areta assured her.

	Ayeka spoke the next name, Lord Francis, into the machine and they were whisked away.  Lady Areta fanned herself.  "My, my.  People do come and go around here."

***

	Lord Francis was flabbergasted by the invitation.  "Go to that creature's wedding!?  Never!" he yelled and tore the invitation to shreds.  It fluttered to pieces at his feet.

	"You would offend the Royal family?" Ayeka spoke quietly.

	"Yes, yes I would!  She's nothing but a heathen, a tramp!" he started to shout profanities.  Ayeka grabbed Sasami's arm and spoke the next name.  

***

	Finaris looked up to see the two princesses standing in her small old house.  The shock on her face must have registered.

	"Hello, ma'am.  Do you know a lady by the name of Ryoko?" Ayeka politely asked for she did not recognize the woman.

	"Y-yes," the woman spoke hesitantly.  "I met her at McQueran's."

	Ayeka relaxed.  "You must have made quite an impression on her."  She spoke into the machine and extracted the piece of paper.  "She's getting married on Earth.  Here is your invitation."

	The elderly woman took the paper with quivering hands.  "Oh, but I couldn't go to Earth!"

	"The directions are on the back.  You hold the paper and say "Tenchi and Ryoko's wedding" and you'll be transported to Earth." Ayeka told her kindly.  "We're still getting everything put together there.  But there'll be lots of refreshments and polite company."

	The lady looked around.  Sasami leaped forward and said, "You'll come, won't you?  Ryoko'll be awful sad if you don't."

	The lady smiled at the youngest princess and nodded.

***

	"So, grandfather, will you come?" Mihoshi asked eagerly.  The blond man smiled and nodded at her.

	"Why don't you rest for a few minutes and sit down and talk to your grandfather?  How are things on Earth?" he asked.

	Mihoshi started to babble on about TV shows and how the dresses were going to look so pretty.  Her grandfather sat back and absorbed it all.  He was the only one he knew that could decipher a Mihoshi statement on the fly.

***

	"Can we *pant* stop now?" Ryoko said.  

	Washu looked at her watch.  "We've only been doing this for five hours and you're tired already?"

	"I'm not tired."  Ryoko drew herself up.  Then she slouched over again.  "I'm sick of the "Congratulations!"

	"Get used to it," Washu advised.  "That's the only thing they'll say at the wedding, too."  Ryoko groaned.  "But I guess we can stop for lunch."

	Washu thought for a moment and then spoke into the machine. 

*** 

	They reappeared outside a small restaurant called Vinny's.  "Where are we?" Ryoko asked, looking around.  She didn't recognize the local architecture.

	"We're on the inner moon of Ragnock III.  I visited here working on my thesis." Washu explained.  She walked into the restaurant, her daughter trailing behind her.

	"So that thing takes you wherever you want to go?" Ryoko asked.  "That would be handy on a couple of jobs I did."

	"Yes, but in the wrong hands, it'd be horrible.  Banks would be robbed, the economy would crash, etc.  The other potential danger is if you mispronounce something.  That's why I gave Ayeka a list.  As long as she doesn't mess up a vowel, she'll go to the right person." Washu reminded Ryoko.

	Ryoko waved a hand at her.  "Ayeka's a princess.  They don't make mistakes."  Ryoko looked at the menu.  "So what's good in here?"

***

	"Um, Ayeka?  Where are we?" Sasami asked.

	The landscape was alien to them.  Red rocks were scattered all over with heat rising from the surface.  "I don't know," Ayeka spoke nervously.

	"Ah," came a slithering voice.

	Ayeka turned to find a small man five feet away.  "Hello," she said cautiously.

	"Are you here to give me my invitation to Washu's daughter's wedding?" he asked slyly.

	Ayeka relaxed.  This was obviously someone Washu knew.  "Yes," she said and moved the machine to her mouth.  

	"No, allow me.  My name is rather hard to pronounce." It said and held out a hand for the machine.  Ayeka moved the mouthpiece toward him and he said his name.  A card popped out and he snatched it.

	Ayeka and Sasami watched him run away.  They looked at each other.  "Well, he knows Washu." Sasami shrugged.


***

	Washu and Ryoko were busy eating their lunch when someone approached them.  Ryoko's body tensed.  Washu looked at who was approaching and told her mentally not to worry.  This wasn't someone to be afraid of.

	"Washu?" the woman said cautiously.

	"Yes, Mitsu?" Washu returned.  "It's been a long time."

	"Yes, it has." Mitsu agreed.  "I suppose you're still teaching at the academy." She bit off.

	"No, I'm not.  I'm living on Earth now." Washu returned.

	"Oh, was the teaching too much?" Mitsu said nastily.

	"No.  I was kidnapped by a student of mine.  Rather stupid of me, wasn't it?" Washu told her.

	"Yes, it was." Mitsu smirked.

	"But I'm catching up now and I'm glad to see that you're well." Washu inclined her head at the woman.

	"I'll just bet you are." The woman spit at her and walked out of the restaurant.

	"Who was that?" Ryoko said, staring at where the woman had gone.

	Washu sighed.  "An old colleague.  She and I were students together.  I got a teaching position and she got fieldwork, which she hated.  I had wanted the fieldwork and she had wanted the teaching position.  We were friends once." Washu said, wistfully looking out the door.

	"It seems to be your day for meeting all of your old friends." Ryoko told her.

	"True," Washu muttered.  "Most of them I do want to meet, but every now and again I run into a Mitsu."  Washu sighed and began to finish her dinner.

***

	Ayeka and Sasami's next person on the list was overjoyed at the invitation.  Sasami asked if they could go have lunch with Misaki and Funaho and their father.  Ayeka smiled and they walked to the palace, reassuring everyone that the princesses long vacation did not mean their demise.  Ayeka had heard from the people she had spoken to that the rumor was the princesses were dead.  She had also heard whispers of what was she going to do now that Tenchi was the heir.  Nasty jokes followed those whispers.

	Misaki and Funaho were glad to see her.  Even her father made time to sit down to lunch and hear of the news in the household.  Ayeka wanted to stay here where she didn't have to reassure everyone she wasn't dead, refuse offers of dances and lunches, and hear those horrible rumors....

***

	Washu and Ryoko, having finished their lunch, continued on with the list.  This time it was Ryt.  He was as surprised as everyone else was to see Washu and Ryoko and even more surprised to hear that Ryoko was getting married.  

	"You've had one too many muscle enhancements if you haven't caught that news yet!" Washu accused him.

	He feigned innocence while asking Ryoko if the guy was good enough for her.  He laughed at the doe-eyed look she gave him.  "I guess he is then." He chuckled.  "What do you want as a wedding present?  I'm out of ruby earrings."  He winked at her.  Ryoko remembered her birthday present and smiled.

	"How about giving her a run around the gym?" Washu asked grinning while leaning up against a wall.

	Ryt gave Ryoko an evil look and started stalking toward her.  Ryoko laughed and flew to the ceiling.  "Nyah, nyah!" she called, clinging to the top rope.

	Then the rope detached and Ryoko fell.  She hit the floor with a sickening thump and both Ryt and Washu ran over to her.  Ryoko shook her head and stood up.  "I'm okay, I'm okay," she said, waving away their efforts to steady her.

	*Clap, clap*

	"Good show, Ryoko." A tall man said to her, grinning.

	Mother, who is he? Ryoko asked mentally.

	Lothos, someone who hated your abilities back when you first came to class. Washu grimaced.  This could be a potentially bad situation, she thought to herself.

	"So, Ryoko, are you back up to your old strength?" he said twirling an energy blade.

	Old memories flooded back to Ryoko.  She and Chiro usually laughed this guy off.  But Chiro wasn't here now.  "I believe so." She said giving him the evil eye.

	"Wish to spar with me a bit?" he said.

	"No." she said shortly and walked back to her mother.

	"Oh, and by the way, was it all Kagato destroying those planets or did you enjoy it too?" He asked idly.

	Ryoko stopped.  Washu's mind instantly became alert.  Lothos wasn't any match for Ryoko all those years ago.  What had he learned that he thought brought him an edge?

	Ryoko dematerialized in front of Washu and came up near Lothos with her energy blade at full power.  He grinned and they started to duel.

	Ryt and Washu watched carefully from the sidelines.  Lothos had gotten better, definitely better.  Quicker, more moves, but he still wasn't prepared for Ryoko's fierceness.  He remembered a fifteen-year-old girl who had been trained by her mother.  Now Ryoko had surpassed that, being taught to live on fear and hate and taught by one who thought she was a well-honed tool to be used.  

	And he was losing rather badly.  Ryoko finally cornered him and knocked his sword away from him.  She snorted in disgust and walked toward her mother again to leave.

	Lothos waited until she had gone a few paces, then pulled a gun out of his pocket and shot a hole through her, below her left section of her ribcage.

	Washu's mind immediately latched on to the "edge" Lothos had thought he had.  An energy gun that could physically injure Ryoko.  One that she couldn't instantly heal.

	Ryoko jerked in surprise as the energy blast injured her.  She felt the hole that was a few inches over from her left side and the blood seeping on the floor.  Shock rippled through her.  She tried to heal it, but she couldn't.  She turned and stared at Lothos, red blood staining her fingers.  "Why, you!" she growled and started stalking toward him, her anger reflected in the way she moved.

	Ryoko, don't! her mother's voice told her.  Ryoko knocked the voice aside.  

	He needs to be proven wrong, her mindvoice growled.

	Ryt had ducked through the door and entered the hallway.  He now appeared behind Lothos.  Washu nodded slightly.  She placed herself in front of Ryoko, knocking her down, while Ryt moved to incapacitate Lothos.

	Washu restrained Ryoko while Ryt knocked the gun out of Lothos' hand.  "You know better than that, Lothos," he told the younger man.  "Now you're going to go to court."

	"Why?  She's just a creation." He sneered at Ryoko.

	Her eyes burned into Lothos' eyes.  Washu forced her head around.  "You are not a creation and I will duel with anyone who says otherwise." She said loudly.  "You would do best to realize that I taught Ryoko and I'm even better than she is, Lothos."

	Lothos made a rude noise.  "Women can't fight."

	"Then how'd she beat you, then, if you're such a man?" Ryt tied the man's hands behind his back while security came through the door to collect him.  

	Washu let Ryoko go as soon as Ryoko saw that security was here.  Ryoko wouldn't want to start a real record, she reasoned out.  

	Ryoko stared at her fingers.  I'm bleeding, she thought.  

	Yes, I know, came a wry voice in her head.  Ryoko looked toward Washu.  Washu winked at her.  

	It hurts, Ryoko said amazed.

	Mm-hmm, I need to get you to their medical lab or mine.  Then I need to refine your immune system. Washu conceded.

	A security officer approached Ryoko.  "You'll have to come with us ma'am.  To file a report against Lothos."

	Ryoko shied away from the man, still bleeding.  He noticed and his eyes widened.  "Ma'am!  You need to go to a doctor-"

	"I am a doctor," Washu said shortly.  "I'll take care of her if we have your permission to proceed to the medical lab."  The officer gave his permission.  Washu toted Ryoko off to the lab, Ryoko protesting that she could walk the whole way.

***

	Everyone met at home that evening.  Tenchi and Balar reported to training with Grandfather even if Tenchi didn't have to and lazing around the house.  Sasami hurried off to make a quick dinner of rice and noodles.

	"So how did everyone's day go?" Balar asked innocently.

	"There are rumors all over Jurai that Sasami and I were dead." Ayeka mentioned.  She did not mention that funny man on the red planet to anyone.

	"Ryoko ran into an old friend." Washu grinned evilly.  "He's now awaiting a court date."

	"What?" Tenchi asked, looking concerned at Ryoko.

	"Don't worry, Tenchi.  We fought and I got hurt.  No big deal." Ryoko shrugged.

	Washu snorted.  "Lothos thought she was a mind-controlled puppet and he could beat her easily.  He found out wrong.  She beat him into a corner and when she tried to walk away, he shot her."

	"Ryoko!  Are you okay?" Tenchi said.

	"I'm fine." Ryoko tried to eat her rice.

	"Where did he hit you?" Tenchi asked, his brow still furrowed.  Ryoko showed him the hole.  He worried over it until Washu told him to quit.

	"Tenchi, I stopped the bleeding and Ryoko should wake up tomorrow with no scar and no hole in her." Washu told him.  "Please!  I designed her better than to have holes in her all the time."

	"So, now Lothos is awaiting a court date for shooting what he calls "a creation."  Washu snorted.  "He calls her a creation again and he'll have more to worry about than a court date."

	"Grandfather says he's coming." Mihoshi sighed happily over the noodles.

	"And the rest of the guests?" Washu asked, already knowing the answer.

	"Rest?" Mihoshi asked.  Washu's shoulders slumped.  

	"Someone will have to hand write the invitations and send them." Washu said.  "Any volunteers?"

	Ayeka and Balar volunteered for the job.  Washu told them that she'd have paper and the list in the library.

***
	
	After dinner, Ryoko and Tenchi went up to the roof to gaze at the stars.  "They're beautiful." Ryoko said solemnly.

	"Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.

	"Hmm?" Ryoko answered, with her head tilted way back to look at the brilliance of the pattern in the sky.

	"What's your favorite color?"

	Ryoko turned to look at him with a confused expression on her face.  "What does that mean?" she asked.

	"Well, we're getting married in six days and I don't know what your favorite color is." Tenchi explained.

	What does it matter what my favorite color is?" Ryoko asked.

	Tenchi sighed.  "Ryoko, we've been living in the same house for two years.  I know you hate chores, drink sake or at least you used to, you dress flamboyantly, you used to fight with almost everyone, and Washu's your mother.  Now, you still hate chores but you'll do them if someone is with you, you've quit drinking sake, you still dress flamboyantly, you make an effort to get along with people, you actually admit that Washu's your mother, you like gardening and peppermint tea.  It's kind of a small amount of knowledge for someone that I'm marrying in six days."

	Now Ryoko looked even more puzzled.  "So you want to know stuff about me?"

	"Yes!" Tenchi nodded.

	Ryoko gathered her knees to her chest and laid her head down on them, facing Tenchi.  "So what do you want to know?" she asked.

	"What's your favorite color?" he asked for what felt like the dozenth time. 

	"Blue, all shades.  Why'd you have to ask?  My hair is a shade of blue, my gems, my favorite dress..." Ryoko thought of all the things that were either blue or teal.

	"What's your favorite color?" Ryoko asked.  She thought to herself, maybe this is important.

	"I don't really have one." Tenchi confessed.  "I like all the colors and how they mix together.  My mother's was lavender, yours is blue, Washu's is red, Ayeka's is pink and purple.  There are too many colors for me to decide."

	Just like Tenchi, Ryoko thought.  Can't make a decision.

	Ryoko stared off into the stars.  Tenchi stared at Ryoko.  "Can I see?" he asked a few moments later.

	"See what?" she said lazily.

	"Where he hurt you." Tenchi asked.  "Just to...reassure myself?"

	Ryoko sighed and pulled up her shirt.  Tenchi scooted closer and his fingers explored around the hole.  It was just a hole.  No massive tearing of flesh, just a small perfect hole.

	"The organs weren't pierced in there," Ryoko explained.  "Or I would have been a worse mess."

	"Why didn't you heal it immediately?  You have before when I cut off your hand." Tenchi asked.

	"I don't know.  That's the first energy weapon that I haven't been able to deflect or heal from.  Washu said something about adjusting my immune system." Ryoko shrugged.

	Tenchi delicately touched the outer edge of the hole.  He jerked his fingers back.  Mentally cursing, he asked, "I'm sorry, Ryoko.  May I touch there?"

	"Tenchi, I don't care where you touch."  Ryoko smiled saucily at him.  "Anywhere except inside the wound."

	Tenchi resumed his explorations.  First he touched the smooth skin around the energy bolt hole.  He felt so angry at the person that would harm his Ryoko.  He'd like to, to, to, go and put a hole through them!  

	"Ow!" Ryoko yipped.  Tenchi pulled his fingers away quickly.  "Maybe somewhere else?" she asked gently.  Tenchi froze.  Ryoko sighed.  "Tenchi, you're not going to hurt me, if that's what you're afraid of."

	"I know that." Tenchi said.

	"Then what are you afraid of?" Ryoko asked.

	"I don't know.  Nothing really.  Not afraid just you've been hurt a lot before and I don't want to do anything wrong." Tenchi admitted.

	Ryoko stopped in mid-chuckle.  He was serious!  "Then why don't we try something?" she asked.  Tenchi raised an eyebrow.  "Nothing too bad." She grinned.  She grabbed his hand and teleported them to his bedroom.

	"Okay, now I want you to lay on your back." Ryoko instructed.  Tenchi started to blush, but he moved over to the bed and laid down.  Ryoko sat on the bed, studied him, then swiveled over to nestle her head into the curve of his shoulder.  Her left leg swung over and laid itself on his left leg not going above the knee with her leg.  "Now we're just going to lie here."

	"Um, Ryoko, you've kind of got your head-" Tenchi pointed to where her head was laying.  He didn't want to disturb her but she was lying close to an area that shouldn't smell too good at the moment...

	"I don't care.  Just talk to me, Tenchi.  Tell me about what are your favorites, tell me a story, just talk.  It'll calm you down and I've dreamed of lying like this ever since I read it in a book."  Ryoko cuddled closer.  "Mm, you're warm."

	Tenchi started to talk about what Balar and he had done today and Ryoko listened to his story and his heartbeat.

***
	
	Ayeka and Balar sat at the same table, addressing the invitations.  Every once in a while, their hands would brush.  Ayeka blushed.  I'm so fortunate.  I have a man who finally loves me.  

	Her thoughts turned to her problem.  How to introduce him to Father?  Ayeka pictured herself present Balar to him.  Yes, Father, I've fallen in love.  No, he's a pauper.  No land, no money, no title.  Oh, and did I mention that he kidnapped me and he's a former god?  Ayeka shook her head.  No, no, that won't do.

	Ayeka finished her last invitation just as Balar finished his.  They glanced up at each other and smiled.  Who cares what Father thinks? She thought.  We're in love. 
