The Gateway and Journey to heaven pt.2




Disclaimer: I personally do not own Tenchi Muyo Characters and any other
logos AIC and Pioneer own them just case you don’t know. I know how it feels
to work hard for something and then have somebody else have all the credit
for it that’s why I’m actually giving the companies credit for this so they
don’t have to go through the horrible experience. I also only use these
characters in my fan fiction stories as a thread of my gleaming imagination
and creativity none of the stories you see here are episodes or movies of
the series. Now on with the story

P.S. It’s going to be better than the first one since the first one was
nothing but a mere introduction.



"I wonder where Tenchi is I haven’t seen him in days." Said a very concerned
Cyan, haired, Ryoko.

Ryoko then heard Aeyka heading her direction and inside Tenchi’s room as
well, she also heard Aeyka crying as well.

"What’s the matter your Royal bitchiness?" inquired Ryoko.

"Nobuyoki and the others were watching News downstairs in the living room,
and… and…" Aeyka said unable to finish her sentence.

"And what, what the hell!! Is up?"

"Tenchi died in a car accident a few days ago!!" Aeyka said finally
finishing the sentence.

"huh!! Tenchi!!! No wonder why I couldn’t find and seduce him!!" Ryoko
added.



                       (meanwhile back at the place Tenchi and Washu was at)

"So me and Washu are in heaven, god?" Tenchi asked the deep voiced being.

"Thee may be in heaven but not quite, thou shall still learn life lessons."

"Hey Washu what do you think he means by that" Tenchi questioned once more.

"I think he means we’re in heaven, but we’re not quite really there, and
that there’s still more life lessons for us to learn before we actually get
to heaven." Replied Washu.

"Oh,"

"Thee has figured out what Thy meant now then let it us get to work." Added
the deep spoken voice of god.





                                (back in the Tenchi house hold in Tokyo)

"If he was still alive he would have went out with me why would he like to
go out with your whiney little princess bit@h@$$ any way." Ryoko persisted
angrily.

"Because Tenchi and I are of Jurai Royal family blood line, and I’m way too
good for him besides I don’t think he’d like to go out with a rude, selfish,
monster woman such as yourself. Besides I never heard such Vile language.
Aeyka shot back.

"No I think Tenchi would’ve went out with me all right, unlike you the guy
actually knows how to have fun. I’d love to see how’d you would’ve looked if
you saw me and Tenchi making love the other night."

"Say what?"

"That’s right I seduced him and we made love all night long!!"

"Tenchi would never do that how dare you make up such a lie!!"

"Oh believe me Aeyka he did, wait actually if I remember correctly he was
the one that proposed."

      Kiyone overheard the constant argument from Ryoko and Aeyka as she
walked passed by Tenchi’s room. "Boy Tenchi’s dead and they’re still arguing
over who he likes those two are totally impossible." She said out loud.
Although she didn’t really seem to care deep inside her heart was aching and
she thought she was going to die. For without Tenchi Kiyone simply felt like
nothing.

                                    (Back at Tenchi’s destination)

"Yeah!!! Party!!!, party!!!, party!!!, party!!!, party!!!," cheered a crowd
as Tenchi was having a drinking contest at a club, it seemed even in death
Tenchi was still prone to drinking alcohol and going wild at parties.

Well how’s the story so far there’s still more to come and just bear with me
if you still don’t like the story it’s getting better isn’t it? Like always
for all of you who read out there that read this fanfic please email me with
your comments good or bad. Just incase you forgot, or didn’t see it earlier,
my email address is Dragon_Charmer999@yahoo.com
