      The Gateway and Journey

           Journey to Heaven

                                        By: Charlie Zero 1 24



Disclaimer: I don’t own any of the Tenchi Muyo Characters in this story,
‘nor do I get paid for what I am doing. All Tenchi Related content belong to
Pioneer and AIC. As for anyone who’m may it concern nobody sue me I already
gave credit and is only trying to entertain, enlighten, and express my
imagination to my readers. I would never try to take credit for something I
didn’t do for I have felt it’s pain because it’s happened to me a few times,
if you work hard on something you should at least have credit for it.



P.S. This is just an introduction so don’t get all surprised if it’s not as
good as you expected. It also happens to be my first fanfic but even if your
comments are bad I’d like to hear them anyway so please email me and keep
the mail coming.





" Yes I finally have a car and driver’s license of my own!!!" Tenchi
thought.(Tenchi’s car is a red BMW) It’s been the first day Tenchi has just
taken the step to one of the first grownup responsibilities the world has
the offer the 16 year old teenager, driving and taking care of your own
motorized vehicle, or car. It’s been two years since Tenchi and the
household gang moved away from the beautiful forest scenery of Okayama, and
moved to the busy crowded city streets of Tokyo.

Tenchi was a very proud and happy boy for taking one of the biggest steps
and responsibilities of adulthood and decided to celebrate at one of Tokyo’s
finest bars " Café O’ Alcohol Xtreme" and with Tenchi’s biggest mistake of
his lifetime fate has decided to put an end of the young teenager, after a
15 minutes from leaving the bar and getting into his newly earned car
CRASH!!!! Something terrible had happened to Tenchi he got in a car accident
and crashed to someone’s yellow Lambourgini While driving on the road.



The next thing you know Tenchi woke up lying down and didn’t know what had
happened, as he got up he observed the place he was in and the background,
as he looked a thought came to his mind:

"Where am I I’m surrounded by darkness nothing but darkness, and the only
source of

light I seem to have is this little round ball of light I have before my
feet, as If a stage light was on stage and pointing directly at me." Tenchi
took a moment and looked up at where the light was coming from he looked up
and saw that the beam of light was coming from his upright from the position
and way he was facing, yet there didn’t seem to be a stage light and Tenchi
began to get more puzzled and scared as well, just as he heard a voice come
out from no where.

"Tenchi you are dead" The voice said

"That’s you boy you are dead" The voice said again.

Tenchi, now more frightened and confused than ever got into a martial arts
fighting stance and was more than ready to hit, he had determined from where
he was hearing the voice that it had come from his left, and once he had
heard the voice he quickly got in his fighting stance and faced the
direction the voice seemed to be coming from. As soon as a dark, figure
approached Tenchi did a Jump spin kick into the dark figure, and right after
he landed from just recently sprinting up in the air he heard a familiar
voice which surely sounded like Washu’s.

"Owwwww!!!!"

"Washu where the hell am I, and what did you do do make you’re voice sound
so Fuckin’ deep!!!" exclaimed a very bewildered Tenchi.

"Oh hi Tenchi I can see you’re dead too" said Washu the red haired genius.

"What the Fu@*!!! Did you just say and what do you mean!!!. Tenchi replied.

"You were drunk and died in a car accident."

"huh I don’t remember anything about being drunk and getting into a car."

"Of course you don’t dumb@$$!!! You were drunk!!!. Stupid bast@rd."

"Oh yeah huh,"

"Dammit!!! You’re getting just as dumb and annoying as Mihoshi you’ve been
acting out of character lately, said Washu with a concern look in her eyes,
first you get drunk after celebrating the day you got you’re car, then you
crash, and now you’re just as stupid as Mihoshi."

"First of all I was just kidding when I said I don’t remember anything about
getting drunk, and second A teenager’s got to be entitled to a free drink
every now and then ya gotta learn how to have some fun Washu!!"

"Washu,"

"Yes Tenchi"

"Where exactly are we"

"I have no idea"

"I’m still wondering how you made your voice so deep ya know,"

"I made it deep with this voicechanger I made in my lab before I died."

"how’d you die anyways?"

"It’s along story Tenchi"

"Welcome," another deep voice could be heard coming from the distance.

"Who’s that!!" Tenchi and Washu exclaimed.

"I’m the great, eternal king of heaven." The voice replied.

"Thee Shall bow before me and listen to my great words of knowledge." The
voice said.







So how do you like the story so far, for any of you reading this please
email me about any of your comments I’d like to here from you whether the
comments are good or bad. I know it’s not as good yet but just you wait it
will get better and better for each chapter. Oh yeah if you happened to not
see my email address earlier it’s Dragon_Charmer999@yahoo.com
