Charlie Zero 1 24 Dragon_Charmer999@yahoo.com

The Gateway and Journey to heaven pt.3: Kiyone’s Diary

Yosho and Nobuyuki look for Kiyone, and find her Diary and Discover she
commited suicide because of her intimate feelings toward Tenchi meanwhile
Tenchi learns a lesson from Jesus.



Disclaimer: I don’t own Tenchi Muyo, it’s Characters, or any of it’s
properties it’s owned by AIC and Pioneer. I’m only using the characters in
this story that I made up to express my imagination and the stories it
brings.





"Hey Yosho where do you think Kiyone could’ve gone?" Chimed in Nobuyuki.

"I have no idea" implied Yosho, "this is just great, first Washu disappears
now Kiyone’s missing, before you know it Ryoko and Ayeka will disappear and
there will be no more girls for us to bird watch while they’re taking a bath
in the Onsen.

"That’s the most scariest thought I could think of Grandpa." said the
perverted Nobuyuki.

"Well Nobuyuki think happy thoughts imagine you’re in a palace full of
beautiful ladies that would give you free service, if you know what I mean."

"Yeah your right there’s know use to just keep on thinking about a tragedy
ya gotta relax."

"Relax until the most terrible thing that could happen, happens don’t you
mean. What if Ryoko and Aeyaka really did disappear?"

"Yeah your right again Grandpa."

Nobuyuki and Yosho continued they’re conversation as they were walking
upstairs and heading towards Kiyone’s room they found an open Diary in the
middle of her bed opened on one of the pages it even had writing on it.
Nobuyuki and Yosho ran over to it and ducked just to read. They’re hearts
began to race with excitement as they rushed over to it and began to read
it, it read:



September, 10. 1997

10:15 P.M. 57th entry

Dear Diary,

Today I have experienced the biggest loss I have ever experienced in my
entire life. It’s been bigger than the loss of having Mihoshi as a partner
in the GP officer business, and it’s been bigger than all the other losses
I’ve experienced in life. That’s right I lost Tenchi to a terrible car
accident. Although it seems obvious I didn’t like him. My household
people/family whatever you would like to call them, had no idea of how much
I loved him. He was like a mere extension of me and had everything I needed
to feel complete. From his gentle eyes, to his fun, loving, attitude, and
now he’s gone his life was taken to a terrible tragedy and I will take my
life away as well I no longer have anything to look forward too. Good bye
world.

End of 57th entry,

By: Kiyone

After Yosho and Nobuyuki just finished reading the diary entry, they started
commenting on the diary entry to each other and began a conversation once
again.

"That was so touching, and yet it’s even worser that she’s actually gone and
we can’t birdwatch her anymore!!" Cried out Nobuyuki.

"You peeping tom is that all you ever think about this girl has had a great
emotional dilemma and suicided because of it and that’s all you say?!?!"
added Yosho who was also crying and blowing his nose.

"Hey Grandpa how about we read her diary since she’s gone, maybe we can get
to know her a little."

"That’s a excellent idea let’s go do that." Added Yosho who still happened
to be crying.





                                            (Back at were Tenchi is.)

Tenchi had a house in heaven that had exactly the same design, decorations,
and construction as he had on earth on his home in Okayama, His new home in
Tokyo was the same one that they had before but only since Tenchi was tired
of living in the country side. She teleported it to Tokyo and added a garage
to it since Tenchi just got his License. His new house in Heaven is exactly
the same as well because Washu cloned it before she died. Anyway Tenchi was
in the middle room of his throwing a party. (Which Washu converted into a
club after she had the house in heaven all fixed up.)



"Hey guys is this a great party or what I’m the bomb aren’t I" Tenchi yelled
out to the crowd, which were visitors for the party.

"Hey I’m going to crank up the volume and put some Britney Spears music
okay."

"boooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" yelled the crowd.

"Hey how about we leave this place!!!" A guy yelled out.

"Yeah!!!" yelled out the crowd."

(No offense to any Britney Spears fans I have against her but I’m only using
this as an example in the story, As a lesson that needs to be learned.)

The crowd that started leave Tenchi’s house and as soon as they left the
house Jesus walked in.

"Oh hi Jesus," said Tenchi.

"See what I’ve been telling you my boy. You can’t just act like anybody
you’re not. Especially in this case you’ve been trying to act like a wild
Jock from school which you’re not. Whey don’t just act nice and be nice like
you are when you’re around your family. You don’t even seem to know what’s
"in" and what’s "out"" implied the biblical figure.

"Yeah, Yeah I know but know one will likes me now, everyone’s a jock."

"Well Tenchi don’t go with the same old stupid saying "everyone’s doing it."
Don’t you remember one of the verses from the bible "Where ever this is a
forest there is a sheep and a snake."

"Well Jesus I don’t understand sayings, or fancy talk that’s why I told you
to speak english that one time you started to tell me not to hang out with
the popular Jocks."

"Tenchi, Tenchi, Tenchi, Tenchi, it simply means where ever there are a
group of people there is another group of people different than it, and that
appears to be true for a group of races, and a group of attitude."

"Oh I see what you mean now, Oh yeah Jesus One of the reason’s I acted like
a jerk was because I wanted to get a girl, to you know of any one who is
particularly likes me in that way."

"Well Tenchi as you may know I’m god and knows everything going on from what
people are doing to what people are thinking, and yes I do happen to know
someone that likes you in that way. She hung herself from a tree since you
died in a car accident and I had to talk to her about not committing
suicide. In fact here she is now. Kiyone come in hear dear."

As Kiyone walked in the house of Tenchi in heaven Tenchi recognized that
Kiyone was wearing a wedding dress.

"By the way Tenchi," Jesus said. "My dad made a mistake you and Washu are
not actually in heaven You’re in Pergutory.

"What the!!" said a confused Tenchi.

"Naw just playing he’s god and can’t make mistakes just like me, but you
must remember until you guys learn all your life lessons your only limited
to the food, and stuff you have in this house you are still far from seeing
Heaven’s great wonder’s."

"Three more things" added Jesus. "The food you have in the house here I will
make unlimited and I will also send a chef to cook for you guys since none
of you can even cook. I'd also like to say good luck at the wedding Tenchi
and Kiyone."

      Tenchi just looked puzzled and didn't know when and where the wedding
would take place.

"Well Tenchi" added Jesus again. "The wedding will take place this Saturday
which will give you 5 more days to prepare for it, and where it is you don't
need to worry about that I will arange that for you. Do you know now what
the third thing I was going to say."

Tenchi then got a sweatdrop on his head and nodded his head up and down.

"Good I'll be seeing you two on Saturday I'll leave this house right now and
I have to arrange the wedding with my dad bye see ya." Said Jesus as he
walked out of the front door Of Tenchi's house.





Well that’s the end of the 3rd fic remember to email about you’re comments
good or bad at this email address. Dragon_Charmer999@yahoo.com Well do you
think the story is getting good so far hope so, be sure to tell me what you
think and again my email address is Dragon_Charmer999@yahoo.com