                            Gems of Zyoko
                  Chapter One: Evil's Resurrection.

A shadowy, cloaked figure stood on a floating asteroid brooding. Her agents
had failed. But There will not be a third time.
"Washu and Tsunami may have escaped my grip once more, but I will
eventually have them in my dimension."
She studied the fragments of a planet which exploded for no reason. She
could not recall the name. Something that started with a K or a N. Her
thoughts returned to Washu and Tsunami. She had sent Agent K to capture
Tsunami, but the interference of the other captive, Washu, and her allies
had changed things. The boy called Tenchi particularly intrigued her. She
had watched the entire affair from the day the boy released Washu's
"daughter" from that old cave to their conflict with Agent K.
  The woman smiled. She sensed that Tenchi had a hidden power with him. She
just didn't know what. Until  the moment when he created light hawk wings
under his power. Even she was surprised. Even more when she saw Tenchi
besting Agent K on his own. She could have used a being with such power.
   But she spent enough time remembering. She must summon the three gems
she had stolen from Washu millennia ago.
   "By the power of the Lord of the Gods," she begun, "I summon the triad
of emerald power."
   A green light momentarily blinded her. But no more than that. She raised
and cupped her hands as three glowing emerald gems appeared and floated
into her palms. She smiled coldly. Soon, even her daughter wouldn't save
her from her.
   But she had one more task to complete. She raised the gems above her
head and spoke:
   "O Triad of Gems, I ask thou to resurrect he whom is my loyal servant
into the mortal plane. I ask you... resurrect the entity that is Kagato!"
   The gems glowed again, and in front of her, a figure appeared. He had
long white hair, and small glasses. He was cloaked, and beneath the cloak,
he wore purple clothing. Kagato had returned, and he is not happy at all.
   When he saw who resurrected him, he instantly kneed and bowed. In
return, she offered her hand. Kagato kissed it.
   "Well, Kagato, how was your vacation in Hell?" she spoke sweetly.
   "My stay went... well as expected. Fortunately, thanks to my lady, I did
not stay long."
   She scoffed, "I never resurrected you because I cared for you. Your
return came with a price, as with everything else."
   Kagato managed to keep a straight face, "And what is my lady's price?"
   She laughed coldly, "I think you'll enjoy this; you're to depart for
Earth. You will capture my sisters Washu and Tsunami. And I'm sure you'll
get to settle a score with the boy."
   Kagato laughed as well, "I thank you, milady, for this chance."
   "Just remember, you'll settle your score AFTER you've captured and
delivered my sisters to me."
   "It will be done, Lady Tokimi."
   "Do NOT fail, Kagato," Tokimi hissed coldly, "There are worse places
than Hell."
   Kagato mumbled something too quiet for Tokimi to hear.
   "You will be interested to know that I've managed to save at least some
parts of Soja before it exploded. From the designs of those parts, I had a
new Soja constructed. It is ready for you."
    Tokimi gestured, and the new Soja appeared into visual. It is
completely different from the destroyed one.
    "Of course, we've modified it a bit. It is better, stronger and
powerful than the original Soja."
    "Thank you, Lady Tokimi. I will do as you ask." With that, Kagato
teleported into the bridge of the Soja.
    Tokimi watched as the Soja vanished out of her sight. She chuckled.
This will be amusing...

To be Continued.....


