Legal stuff and all that. Tenchi Muyo is not mine. Zyoko, however, is.

            Chapter two- the Calm before the Cosmic Storm....

   Tenchi woke up to another typical morning at the Masaki Residence with a loud 
explosion. //They're at it again.// he sighed as he got up to prepare for the 
worst. Ever since he released her from that cave, Tenchi's entire life have been 
turned upside down.
    "You asked for this, you royal slut!" Ryoko shouted as she fired another 
energy blast at Princess Ayeka, who was equally prepared.
    "YOU're the one who asked, you sadistic bitch!" she shouted back as she 
blocked Ryoko's blast with her log shield.
    Growling, Ryoko created an energy sword, and stabbed at her rival's shield.
    "Is this the best you can do, Ryoko?" Ayeka chuckled.
    "We'll see, Ayeka!" she replied snarling.
    Just then, Washu exited through the entrance of her laboratory, "What's all 
that racket? I'm in the middle of an experiment, and I need some peace and 
quiet!"
    Washu saw the source of the racket, and sighed disappointed.
    "Oh, Little Ryoko, I thought I raised you better than that."
    Tenchi walked down the stairs, knowing he's in for trouble.
    He was correct, because while he was still on the stairs, Ayeka was near the 
stairs, and Ryoko was in the middle of throwing a punch. Ayeka ducked, and Ryoko 
accidentally smashed the stairs, and Tenchi fell.
     Fortunately, Tenchi was relatively unhurt, but pissed at the lovely ladies. 
"All right, girls. I tried very hard to be patient, but every time you fight, 
you destroy either part or all of the house in the process! I'm going to the 
shrine for my chores, but I want the stairs repaired by nightfall, you 
understand me?"
     Ryoko and Ayeka nodded in shame. "One more thing, as part of your 
punishment, you two will NOT use your powers or ask Washu for help with the 
repairs. You will use nothing but your hands and tools. Got it?" They nodded 
again.
     Tenchi noticed Sasami isn't in the kitchen. He turned to Ayeka, "Where's 
Sasami, Ayeka? She's usually in the kitchen in the morning."
     "Sasami's not feeling well, Lord Tenchi. I allowed her to sleep a while 
longer."
     Meanwhile, Sasami turned and turned. In the nightmare she was reliving 
Ryoko's rampage on Jurai. She looked up at Ryoko, and was shocked that Ryoko 
transformed into a male version of herself. She ran into the darkness, only to 
see Washu, but not in her diminutive scientist appearance. Rather, she was full 
grown and dressed like... a goddess. Next to Washu is Sasami's other self, 
Tsumani, and another woman, Sasami never saw her, but... she was familiar, as is 
the name... Tokimi.
     The three women vanished into nothingness, leaving one figure. As Sasami 
got closer, she could make out what the figure looked like. He was a young man 
of not-too-skinny shape, with brown hair, and eyes that look like a combination 
of green and grey. He wore what, Sasami supposed, looked like American clothes, 
a T-shirt, jeans and sneakers. What surprised her was that he wore strange, 
emerald gems on his neck and wrists.
     "Your family and friends are in danger, Sasami," the boy spoke.
     "From-from what?" Sasami asked.
     "ME!" he laughed as he transformed into the male version of Ryoko she saw 
earlier.
     Sasami was full of fear as she saw him forming an emerald energy sword. Saw 
the sword rising. Saw it coming down on her, and she SCREAMED!
     She woke up from the nightmare, panting, her entire body wet with sweat. 
"It was only a nightmare," she told herself, "There's nothing to worry about 
it." But Sasami knew better deep down, so deep even she isn't aware of it. She-
or Tsumani-knew that vision was one of the future. It filled her body and soul 
with crushing dread. Sasami was there when she, Tenchi, and the others defeated 
both Kagato and Dr. Clay, but both Sasami and Tsunami realized with fear that 
the worst is yet to come....

                  To be Continued.

Okay, gents and ladies, I'll continue with the chapters, and I'd appreciate it 
if you send me feedback. Thanks!

