
This story is based in the OVA universe and is set a bit after they ended.

As usual, Tenchi and crew belong to Pioneer LDC and AIC.  I just own this 
story and the extra characters I put in it to make it work.

<Thoughts>
'Mental Link'
"Spoken or Audible Sounds"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Green Hair, Big Gun!


	"What a miserable day!" Azaka commented from his post at the front gate.
	"Yes indeed," Kamidake agreed from the opposite post.  "It has been raining 
for quite some time now."  As the wooden guardian had noted, it had been 
raining for the past few days.  Unable to tend to the fields, Tenchi spent 
the day at home.
	"Tenchi, I'm bored," Sasami whined.  They were sitting in the family room 
and Tenchi was reading a new manga.
	"Isn't there anything good on the television?  We do get every channel in 
the universe," Tenchi suggested.
	"Ayeka and Ryoko broke it this morning," Sasami said sadly.
	Tenchi sighed, "Why don't you play a game with Mihoshi or Ryo-Ohki?"
	"They're both napping.  Ayeka is reading her book and Ryoko went into 
Washu's lab."
	"What about me?" Washu suddenly asked from behind the pair.
	"Oh, Washu!" Sasami cried out.  "We were just trying to figure out what to 
do."
	"I'm sorry to bother you with such a little thing, but could you fix the 
television?" Tenchi asked.
	"Television?  I've got something better to entertain you with," Washu said 
with a gleam in her eye and an evil smile.  "Gather everyone and meet me in 
the lab."  Tenchi sighed again and stood up.
	<These things never turn out well,> he thought to himself.

	It took a little while to find everyone and bring them to the lab.  Tenchi 
wondered if it was a good idea to bring a half-asleep Mihoshi.
	"Behold!  My newest, greatest invention!  The Ultra Matter Particle 
Transportation Device 4.0, or UMPTD 4!" Washu shouted as spotlights 
highlighted a large machine.  "This baby can teleport you or anything else 
to anywhere you want to go!"
	"A teleporter is not a new invention," Ryoko commented flatly.
	"But this one has unlimited range.  If you have enough power, you can 
teleport to the other side of the universe!" Washu proudly announced and 
struck a pose.  "And that's not all.  With no extra charge, I added a slick 
telepathic interface.  Just think of the place you want to go, and it'll 
take you there."
	"So I can say, teleport some trash to the opposite side of the universe?" 
Ayeka asked slyly.
	"Or maybe to the center of a super nova?" Ryoko asked, eyeing Ayeka.
	"Sure you can, but I still need to run a few tests before you can teleport 
objects that far of a distance," Washu answered.
	"So how does it work?" Ryoko asked innocently.
	"Simple.  Just stand underneath the telepathic sensor and think of the 
object and place you want it to go," Washu told the group as she pointed out 
the controls.  "Then the computer will target your selected object and beam 
it away with the targeting and transmission arm, here."
	Ryoko quickly stepped up to the sensor and thought of a place to go.  <I 
want to send Tenchi and myself to a romantic beach on a far away planet.  
Far enough away from Ayeka.>
	"Not so fast," Ayeka interrupted Ryoko's thoughts.  She ran up to Ryoko and 
shoved her aside to step under the sensor.  <I want to send Ryoko as far 
away from here as possible.>
	"Hey!" Ryoko yelled.  She pushed Ayeka out from under the sensor and tried 
again.
	"One at a time!" Washu yelled from the side.  Smoke started to rise from 
the machine as Ryoko and Ayeka fought for control.  "Cut that out!"  Washu 
ran to stop the fighting girls, and entered the fray herself.  In the midst 
of the battle, someone bumped the machine, sending the telepathic eye and 
targeting arm spinning in circles.  The sensor wound up directly on the 
still half-asleep Mihoshi and targeting Tenchi.
	<I wonder where my poor, brave partner is right now?> Mihoshi drowsily 
thought.  In a flash of light Tenchi disappeared.  Ryoko and Ayeka stopped 
fighting and stared at the spot where he once stood.  Less than a second 
later, the machine died with panels popping open and smoke billowing out.
	"No!  My wonderful machine!" Washu wailed once the smoke had cleared.
	"Where's Tenchi?" Ryoko asked anxiously.
	"Uh oh!" Sasami whispered.


	<Why me?> Tenchi thought to himself as he felt his body being turned inside 
out.  He had been teleported before, and could never get used to the 
feeling.  He appeared in a darkened warehouse ten feet above the ground, and 
let out a scream as he fell onto the boxes below.
	"Freeze!  You're under arrest!" a woman's voice yelled at him.  Instantly, 
multiple spotlights turned on, flooding the room with blinding white light.
	"Why me, why is it always me?" Tenchi muttered to himself.  A man wearing 
combat armor popped up from behind a box and raced over to him.  He gruffly 
pulled Tenchi up and handcuffed him.
	"Where's Hodaiso?" the same voice as before asked.
	"Don't see him," another voice replied.
	"Ah crap!" the woman swore, "Check outside, fast!"  The policeman led 
Tenchi out of the warehouse to a waiting car.  The officers around it were 
not wearing helmets like the one who had cuffed him and Tenchi got a good 
look at his captors.  They all had hair that was a shade of blue.  Their 
skin color was light, but not pale.  Their eyes were also blue and set a bit 
closer together than an Earthling to complete the non-human look.  Tenchi 
realized that he was not on Earth anymore.
	"Are you with the Galaxy Police?" Tenchi asked.  Their uniforms did not 
look similar to Mihoshi's but he tried anyway.
	"Galaxy Police?" an officer asked back.  "This ain't no cartoon kid, you've 
been arrested by the real cops."  Tenchi groaned and sat down in the car.  
It sounded like a normal gas powered car of Earth and drove off in the same 
fashion.

	"That was close," James said to his boss in a heavily tinted black sedan 
not far from the warehouse.
	"Yeah, too close," Hodaiso replied.
	"Something set off their trap early," Jess added.
	"Find out what it was," Hodaiso ordered his henchmen.  "That detective is 
starting to become a problem!"  Without another word, the car drove off.

	"Don't I get a phone call?" Tenchi asked the police.  They led him into a 
room with a small table and a few chairs.
	"A phone call?" an officer replied.  "Do you think we're going to pay for a 
phone call?"  The officer shoved Tenchi into a chair and removed his 
handcuffs.
	"Can you at least tell me why I'm under arrest?"  The policeman just 
laughed and walked out of the room.

	"Didn't get him did you?" Chief Mew asked one of his best detectives.
	"No, that boy suddenly appeared and we jumped to soon," the detective 
replied.  "He got away again.  That boy must be working for him.  What have 
you found out about him?"
	"You brought in a nut case this time," Mew answered.  "He claims his name 
is Tenchi Masaki, and is from another planet called Earth.  A real loony."
	The detective started at the news.  <Could it be?> she asked herself.
	"We don't have anything on him though," the Chief continued.
	"Are they still questioning him?" the detective asked.
	"Yeah.  Come on."  The Chief led the woman detective out of his office to 
the interrogation rooms.  They entered a room on the side and turned on a 
monitor.

	"I'm telling you the truth!" Tenchi yelled at the officer questioning him.
	<It really could be true!> the detective thought.  <He has a Juraian name 
and does look Juraian.>
	"Give me a break here, kid," the officer replied with disbelief.  "I wasn't 
born yesterday.  Why don't you tell me who you really are and where you're 
from?"
	"Arg!  I've been telling you for the past hour!" Tenchi yelled back.

	"Let me talk to him," the detective asked her chief.  He shrugged and 
opened the door for her.
	"We'll be listening," he said as she stepped inside.
	"Hey Pete, let me talk to him for a bit," the detective said to the officer 
in the room.
	"Sure go ahead," he said and turned to leave.  "He's a nut," he whispered 
as he walked out.
	Tenchi examined the new officer and was slightly surprised at what he saw.  
She did not look like the others at all.  She had blue hair, but her face 
and complexion were almost human.  She wore an orange headband and her blue 
eyes were the right distance apart.  She could have passed for normal on 
Earth.  "What now?" Tenchi asked.
	"My name is detective Kiyo Maki.  What's yours?" Kiyo asked.
	"Like I told the other officer, my name is Tenchi Masaki."
	"You're not from around here," Kiyo commented as she read the report on the 
table in front of her.
	"No I'm not.  Look, I'm from a planet called Earth, in the Solar system."
	Kiyo had never heard of the Solar system before, or of any planet called 
Earth.  "You're lying!  You work for Hodaiso don't you?" Kiyo yelled at 
Tenchi.
	"I have no idea what you're talking about!" Tenchi yelled back in surprise.
	"I spent months setting up that sting and you blew it with that stunt of 
yours!"
	"I said I was sorry."
	"Sorry doesn't cut it, buster.  I want Hodaiso and you're going to tell me 
all about his operations!" Kiyo ordered.
	"I don't know anything about this, I swear!"
	"Maybe some time in the cooler will jog your memory," Kiyo threatened.  She 
signaled for the guards and watched as they dragged Tenchi away.
	"I don't even know a Hodaiso!" Tenchi wailed.


	"What do you mean you don't know where he is?" Ryoko yelled at her mother.
	"Like I said, the UMPTD 4 can teleport you to anywhere you want to go, and 
with all the fighting for the controls, I don't know who thought of the 
place he was sent to," Washu told Ryoko in a calm voice.
	"We have to find him!" Ayeka added.  "He could have been sent to the middle 
of empty space!"
	"I built in safeties so that wouldn't happen," Washu told the hysterical 
Ayeka.  "Wherever he was sent to, it should be a safe environment."
	"What's going on?" Mihoshi piped in, having finally woken up.
	"How are we going to find Tenchi?" Sasami asked Washu sadly.
	"We're going to look for him, that's how!" Ryoko angrily interrupted.  
"Come on Ryo-Ohki."  She grabbed Ryo-Ohki off of Sasami's head and made her 
way to the door.
	"Come back here!" Ayeka yelled after her.  "This is all your fault!"  Ryoko 
ignored her and kicked the door open and disappeared.
	Ayeka began to go after her, but Washu held her back.  "Let her go.  
Blindly searching the galaxy will not lead us to Tenchi."
	"Then what are we going to do?" Mihoshi asked.
	"I'm going to fix my machine and then we will find out where it sent him," 
Washu told the group.

	'What now?' Ryo-Ohki asked.  She slowly orbited the Earth, waiting for a 
destination.
	"I don't know," Ryoko replied quickly.  She had left in a fit of rage and 
did not think ahead.  "How am I going to find Tenchi?" she asked herself.
	'Incoming transmission from Mom,' Ryo-Ohki reported.
	"What is it?"  Ryo-Ohki opened a few view screens and streams of data 
flowed down them.  There were a few pictures of Tenchi and some diagrams and 
graphs.  Ryoko studied them for a few minutes and smiled.
	<Thanks Mom,> she thought to herself.
	"Washu sent us data on Tenchi.  Search for this energy pattern," Ryoko 
ordered her ship as she found the correct page.  Washu had done so many 
tests on Tenchi that she had isolated a unique energy pattern that only he 
possessed.  Hopefully, Ryo-Ohki would be able to detect it and home in on 
him.
	Ryo-Ohki gave an excited "Miya!" and headed off.
	"I'm going to find you, Tenchi!" Ryoko shouted happily.


	"Hey Pete, where's the prisoner?" Kiyo asked her partner.
	"You mean that crazy we picked up at the warehouse?" he asked back.
	"Yeah, that's the one."
	"He's about to be released."
	"What!" Kiyo yelled in surprise.
	"We had nothing to hold him on," Pete answered.  "You know the rules.  We 
have to let him go."
	"So soon?  I hope I'm not too late!" Kiyo yelled and ran out the door.  She 
made it to the front of the building just in time to see Tenchi walk out the 
door.  She quickly ducked behind a corner and watched to see what he would 
do.
	"What am I supposed to do now?" Tenchi asked himself.  He began to walk 
down the sidewalk with his hands in his pockets.  "I wonder how long it will 
take for Washu to find me?"  Tenchi reached a street and looked both ways 
before crossing.  He saw a black car driving up to him and stepped back onto 
the sidewalk.  The car stopped in front of him and the door opened.
	"Need a ride?" a man inside the car asked Tenchi.
	"I don't think that I should..."
	"Sure you do, get in."  The man reached out and pulled Tenchi into the car. 
  As soon as the door closed, it drove off.

	<I knew it!  That was James and Jess.  That kid is working for Hodaiso!> 
Kiyo thought to herself.
	"Hey Pete," Kiyo yelled into her radio.
	"I know, I know," Pete's voice responded.  "I'm already in the car.  I'll 
be around in a sec."

	"What's your name kid?" asked James.
	"Um, Tenchi Masaki," Tenchi replied nervously.
	"What were you doing in the boss's warehouse?" Jess asked as he drove the 
car.
	<These guys must work for that Hodaiso,> Tenchi thought to himself.
	"I got lost," Tenchi told the men.
	"Got lost?" James laughed.  "That's rich.  I like you, kid," James laughed 
again and slapped Tenchi's back.
	"The boss would want to talk to you, so don't go leaving town," Jess 
ordered.  "Where do you live, I'll drop you off."
	"Um, I really don't have a place here in the city," Tenchi told them 
slowly.
	"Really?  Then let's set you up at the hotel," said James.
	"No thanks, I don't have any money."
	"Don't worry, it'll be on us," Jess told Tenchi.

	"I knew it!" Kiyo told her partner.
	"Will you stop saying that?" he replied as he followed the black car.
	"I'm sure I recognized those goons who picked him up.  It was Jess and 
James."
	"They're pulling up to the hotel," Pete noted and he pulled over to the 
curb.  They watched as Tenchi got out with James and went inside.

	"Now I want the best room for my pal here," James told the receptionist.
	"Of course," he replied.  After a few minutes of typing information into 
the computer, the receptionist handed Tenchi a key.  "Room 1235, twelfth 
floor, room 35.   Elevators are just around the corner on the right.  Have a 
pleasant stay, and thank you for choosing the Royal Inn."  Tenchi thanked 
the man and headed to the elevators.
	"Now just enjoy your stay.  Order room service, watch a movie, we don't 
care.  Just don't leave," James told Tenchi as they rode the elevator up.
	"OK" Tenchi responding.  They stepped out of the elevator and walked to 
room 35.  Tenchi tried the key and the door opened.  It was a nice room, 
with a large bed.
	"Remember, don't leave." James said one more time and left.
	"This is getting strange," Tenchi sighed and sat down on the bed.

	"What now?" Pete asked.
	"We wait," Kiyo answered.  She made herself more comfortable and continued 
to watch.  James exited the hotel a minute later and got back into the car.  
"You follow the car, I'll keep an eye on the kid," Kiyo told her partner as 
she quickly got out of the car.  Pete nodded and drove off, after the black 
car.
	Kiyo quickly walked to the Hotel and entered the lobby.  She picked up a 
newspaper and sat down in one of the sofas with a good view of everything, 
and waited.

	Tenchi turned on the television and tried to find information about where 
he was.  After watching a few minutes of the news, he figured out that he 
was in a city called Narsus.  It seemed just like another city on Earth.  
Tenchi flipped through some more channels.  Having watched a bit of the many 
television shows beamed across the universe, he tried to find the Galaxy 
Police news channel.  After looping through all the stations a few times it 
finally dawned on him.
	<They don't have space travel on this planet!> Tenchi thought to himself.  
<No wonder they thought I was crazy.  This is only going to make it harder 
to get home.>

	Pete Pika had served in the Narsus Police Department for twenty years.  He 
had worked his way up from a lowly patrolman to detective, and proved to be 
a natural.  He had solved some of the hardest mysteries of Narsus, but one 
mystery that eluded him was his strange partner.  They had been working 
together for a few years now but her past was still a mystery to him.  It 
seems that she rose through the ranks incredibly fast.  She was assigned to 
be his partner and they worked well together.  He soon got over her odd 
appearance and habits and found that she was an exceptionally good 
detective, as if she had been one all her life.  He did a little digging in 
her past, but could only find information dating a few years back.  She 
explained that it was probably because she was born in a small village in 
another country and had only just arrived in Narsus a few years ago.  To 
him, it looked as if she had just fallen out of the sky.  But she was a good 
officer and upheld the law.  And Pete left it at that.
	Jess drove the car up to the gate of Hodaiso's mansion.  He waved to the 
camera and the gate opened.  He also checked his rear view mirror and saw 
Pete park his car not far down the street and smiled.
	"He's still there," Jess said to James.
	"Good."  They parked the car in the driveway and entered the large house.  
A butler showed them the way to the pool where Hodaiso was lounging.
	"Did you talk to the kid?" Hodaiso asked as they approached.
	"Yeah we talked to him," Jess replied.
	"Just some punk kid named Tenchi Masaki," James added.
	"What about the police?" Hodaiso asked.
	"It looks like the kid accidentally set off the trap that was meant for us. 
  The police had to let him go," said James.
	"Good," Hodaiso said and took a sip of his drink.  "And what about our 
detective friends?"
	"They followed us like you said.  We set the kid up at the hotel and the 
broad stayed there while the other one followed us here," Jess said.
	"Good, then I'll meet this Tenchi Masaki later this evening and we will 
continue with the plan," Hodaiso told his men.


	"You sure Tenchi's in there?" Ryoko asked her ship.  Ryo-Ohki mewed back 
and answer.  "75% sure?  Why not 100%?"  Ryo-Ohki displayed a few graphs and 
scanner data on their target, a small cargo ship.
	'The ship's reactor is partially shielding the source of the energy 
signature,' Ryo-Ohki explained to Ryoko.  'From what I can detect, it 
matches Tenchi with a 75% probability.'
	"Well then let's go for it!" Ryoko cried.  Ryo-Ohki pushed her engines to 
the max and soon caught up with the cargo ship.  "Hey you!  Pull over!" 
Ryoko yelled through an open communication channel.  The ship suddenly 
jerked to the right and tried to evade them.  "Hey, I just want to talk!"  
The ship ignored her and continued to try to get away.  "Ryo-Ohki, disable 
it's engines."  Ryo-Ohki did as she was told and opened fire.  She scored a 
direct hit on the cargo ship's engines and they started to trail smoke.  The 
ship slowed to a halt and Ryo-Ohki stopped next to it.
	"Please don't kill me!" the captain of the cargo ship suddenly pleaded.  
His face appeared on a view screen, with tears streaming down his face.
	"What?  Why would I want to kill you?" Ryoko asked, shocked at his reaction 
to her.
	"You are the most feared space pirate Ryoko, aren't you?" the captain asked 
weakly.
	"Yes, I guess I am..." Ryoko trailed off.
	"Then please don't kill me!" the captain begged again.  "Take my cargo, 
take anything you want, just don't take my life!"
	Look, I just wanted to ask you a few questions," Ryoko tried to explain.
	'Whoops!' Ryo-Ohki interrupted.
	"What do you mean whoops?" Ryoko asked her ship.
	'Well, now that his reactor is shut off, I can get a clear reading, and 
well, Tenchi's not there,' Ryo-Ohki told Ryoko.
	"Ah, sorry about the damage," Ryoko apologized to the captain.  "My bad."  
Ryo-Ohki cut communications and sped off.
	"What the hell?" the captain asked in disbelief.  He thanked his lucky 
stars that he joined the lucky few who survived an attack by the space 
pirate Ryoko, and started repairs to his ship.


	"How's it going Little Washu?" Sasami asked the busy scientist.
	"Almost fixed," Washu grunted back from underneath her invention.
	"That's great!" Sasami cheered.

	"It's all her fault!" Ayeka cried as she sat on the sofa with Mihoshi.
	"Now don't say that," Mihoshi cheerfully replied.
	"Then it's all your fault!" Ayeka cried again.  She was in shock over 
Tenchi's disappearance and had been sitting on the sofa, staring at the wall 
for hours.
	"What did I do?" Mihoshi asked, confused.
	"Oh, it's all my fault!" Ayeka cried into her hands.
	"Don't be so hard on yourself," Mihoshi tried to comfort her.  "How did you 
know that Tenchi would be transported to who knows where in the middle of 
who knows what?"  Ayeka looked up at her and began to cry harder.


	<How do I get myself into these situations?> Tenchi asked himself.  He 
turned off the television and laid down on the bed.  <If there is no space 
travel on this planet, then how am I going to get home?  There is no Galaxy 
Police to get help from, and I can't even contact the Juraian government for 
help.>  Tenchi rolled on to his side and thought some more.  <That detective 
was strange, not like the others at all.  Kiyo Maki, why does that name 
sound so familiar?>

	<Tenchi Masaki,> Kiyo thought to herself as she pretended to read a 
newspaper in the lobby of the hotel.  <What is it about that boy?  I have a 
feeling that he is connected to something big, maybe even bigger than 
Hodaiso.  I haven't had a feeling like this since, since,> Kiyone shuddered 
at thought, <since HER.>


	"Is this the right one?" Ryoko asked again.
	'87% sure,' Ryo-Ohki replied from her shoulder.  'There are too many people 
in there to get a good reading.'  Ryoko stood in front of a crowded 
nightclub on an alien planet.  Ryo-Ohki had detected an energy signature 
similar to Tenchi and they had landed to search for him.
	"Then let's go in."  Ryoko walked to the door and a bouncer stepped in 
front of her.
	"Only invited guests are allowed to enter tonight," the bouncer said to 
Ryoko.  Ryoko gave him an icy stare and he recognized her.  "Oh!  I'm so 
sorry.  Please don't hurt me," the bouncer cowered.  He stepped aside and 
opened the door for her.
	"That's more like it," Ryoko replied and entered the club.  Inside there 
were hundreds of people dancing to the alien music.
	'How are we going to find Tenchi?' Ryo-Ohki asked.  She held on tightly to 
Ryoko's shoulder as she made her way through the crowd.
	'Can you sense him?' Ryoko asked her cabbit.  Ryoko walked to the center of 
the dance floor and looked around.
	Ryo-Ohki closed her eyes and concentrated.  'There!' she mewed happily and 
pointed to a dancing couple.
	<Tenchi's dancing with another woman!> Ryoko thought in rage.  She made her 
way to the couple, shoving people out of her way as she went.  The girl 
blocked her view of Tenchi and she pushed her to the ground.
	"Tenchi!" Ryoko shouted.  "Tenchi?"  The man in front her was not Tenchi.  
The man looked at her in surprise.
	'Ryo-Ohki?  This is not Tenchi.'
	'Ha ha, sorry.  I detected the wrong person again.'
	"Who the hell do you think you are?" the girl that Ryoko had shoved aside 
yelled at her.
	"I thought he was someone else," Ryoko replied.
	"You can't just go pushing people around!" the man yelled at her as he 
helped his girlfriend up.
	"Yeah!" another person shouted.
	"I said I made a mistake.  He wasn't the person I was looking for," Ryoko 
said to the angry pair.
	"Hey there hot stuff," a man called out as he danced up to Ryoko, "Why 
aren't you looking for me?"  The man placed his hand on Ryoko shoulder and 
flashed a smile.
	Ryoko narrowed her eyes and picked the man's hand off of her shoulder.  She 
gave it a squeeze and the man dropped to his knees in pain.  "No one, but my 
Tenchi touches me!" Ryoko angrily replied.  She let go of his hand and 
picked him up by the front of his shirt.  "Now get lost!"  Ryoko shoved the 
man back into the crowd of dancers.  The man stumbled against a larger man 
and caused him to spill his drink.
	"Why you little piece of crap!" the larger man yelled and punched him.  The 
poor fellow stumbled into another man who shoved him back.  Within two 
seconds, the whole club was fighting.  Ryoko sighed and teleported to the 
roof.
	"Let's go, Ryo-Ohki," she sadly told her cabbit.  Ryo-Ohki nodded her head 
and jumped into the air to transform into her ship form.


	Tenchi awoke to the sound of knocking.  <Must have fallen asleep,> Tenchi 
thought to himself as he got up and opened the door.
	"About time," James said to Tenchi.
	"Sorry, I fell asleep," Tenchi apologized.
	"Come on, let's go," James said with a smile and grabbed Tenchi's arm.
	"Where are we going?" Tenchi asked, a little frightened.
	"Time to meet the boss."

	"Pete, where are you?" Kiyo whispered into her radio as loudly as she 
dared.  She waited a minute for a response.  She had just seen James go 
upstairs.  "Pete, where are you?" Kiyo tried again.  The elevator opened and 
James and Tenchi stepped out.  She quickly opened the newspaper to hide 
herself.  She watched them leave the hotel and stood to follow them.
	<Damn it!  Where are you Pete!> Kiyo thought to herself.  She saw James 
opened the door of a black limo and Tenchi stepped inside.  She quickly 
flagged down a taxi and followed the limo as they drove off.

	"So you are Tenchi Masaki," Hodaiso said as Tenchi sat down across of him.
	"Um, yes," Tenchi replied nervously to the well-dressed man sitting in 
front of him.  Jess and James were sitting on either side of him in the 
spacious limo.
	"Do you know who I am?" Hodaiso asked.
	"Um, are you Mr. Hodaiso?"
	"You're a smart boy," Hodaiso replied with a smile.  "Do you know what I 
do?"
	"Um, no," Tenchi answered.
	"I am a business man.  More like the middle man, as they say," Hodaiso told 
Tenchi as he leaned back in his seat.  "I procure items that people are 
willing to pay high prices for."
	"Then why are the police after you?" Tenchi asked.
	"Because they are opponents to free enterprise.  They wish to control the 
economy of this fair city and take offense in my highly lucrative business."
	"That's not very nice of them," Tenchi responded.
	"Yes that's right," Hodaiso laughed.  "Not nice at all!"  The limo drove on 
for a few more minutes and came to a stop at a warehouse.
	"Isn't this the place where I got arrested?" Tenchi asked
	"That's right," James answered.  Everyone exited the limo and Hodaiso led 
Tenchi inside.
	"We have some unfinished business to attend to," Jess told the group and 
left with James.
	"What are we doing here?" Tenchi asked Hodaiso.

	"Stop right here," Kiyo told the taxi driver.  She paid the man and got out 
of the taxi.  It was a short run to the warehouse, and Kiyo flattened 
herself against a wall when she got there.  She peeked through a window and 
saw Tenchi discussing something with Hodaiso.  She reached over to lift open 
the window to hear better, when she heard the unmistakable "click" of a gun 
being cocked behind her head.
	"Fancy meeting you here," Jess wryly quipped.  Kiyo raised her hands and 
backed away from the window.

	"The police can really be a bother," Hodaiso told Tenchi as he walked 
around his warehouse.  "They won't even let me receive my package."
	"Package?" Tenchi asked as he followed Hodaiso around.  The warehouse was 
very large with high ceilings.  There were many rooms with boxes and crates 
stacked on top of each other.
	"This one right here," Hodaiso pointed to a large crate in the center of a 
large room.  "I have buyers waiting for this one."  He walked over to the 
box and patted it.  "This one is going to make me a lot of money."
	"Hey boss," James called out as he entered the large room.  "Look what we 
found."  Jess followed, pushing Kiyo into the room at gunpoint.
	"Detective Maki!" Tenchi shouted in surprise.
	"You won't get away with this!" Kiyo growled at her captors.
	"This is part where I'm supposed to say 'I already have,' isn't it?" 
Hodaiso asked with a smile.  Kiyo gave Tenchi a withering glare.
	"What are you going to do with her?" asked Tenchi.
	"Nothing for now," Hodiaso replied.  He motioned to James and he pulled out 
his gun.  "Lock these two up in the other room."  James grabbed Tenchi's arm 
and suck his gun in his back.
	"You're not going to get away with this!" Kiyo yelled as she was dragged 
along.
	"What did I do this time?" Tenchi wailed.
	"Don't you get it, you dope?" James asked Tenchi.  "We used you as bait to 
get the detective here."
	"And she completely fell for it," Hodaiso laughed.  "Just think of the 
irony.  She was planning to trap me here and instead, I trapped her!"
	"What are you going to do with us?" Kiyo asked as she and Tenchi were 
pushed into a small room.  There were no windows and only one light bulb to 
illuminate it, a perfect prison.
	"My buyers want a demonstration before purchasing any items," Hodaiso 
laughed again.  "Have fun!"  He slid shut the large metal door and locked 
them inside.


	"Is it finished?" Sasami asked the grease-streaked scientist.
	"Yep, finally!" Washu announced.  She slammed shut a panel on the side of 
the machine and walked over to the control panel.  "Time to start her up."  
Washu pressed a few buttons on the control panel and the machine hummed to 
life.  It made a few strange noises and smoke started to rise from a grate 
on the side.  "Not again!"  The machine died as smoke poured out of all the 
panels.
	"Keep trying, Little Washu," said Sasami as she covered her nose and mouth 
to block the smoke.  "You can do it!" she cheered in a nasal voice.


	"Looks like my bad luck has returned," Kiyo muttered to herself and she 
punched the door.
	"I'm sorry about all of this," Tenchi tried to apologize.
	"It's not your fault.  You got caught up in my mess to begin with-" a loud 
groan from the back corner of the room interrupted her.  They both looked to 
the source of the sound, and saw a figure lying on the ground.  "Pete!"
	Tenchi walked up to the other detective as Kiyo angled the light on him.  
"He's hurt bad."  Tenchi could see that he had been beaten quit badly and 
had a large cut on his head that was bleeding.  He quickly took out his 
handkerchief and tied it around a cut on his leg.  "We need to stop the 
bleeding."  Tenchi looked around for something to clean the head wound with, 
but found nothing.  He saw Kiyo take off her headband.  "We need something 
clean."
	"Wait a sec," said Kiyo.  She rolled up her headband and squashed it 
between her hands.  When she opened them, a pink, transparent cube appeared. 
  She twisted the top and then the side of the cube, and a first aid kit 
popped into existence.
	"That's a control cube!" Tenchi exclaimed.
	"So you really aren't from this planet," Kiyo commented as she began to 
clean Pete's wounds.
	"That means you're with the Galaxy Police!"
	"Some officer I am," Kiyo grimaced.  "Getting stranded on a pre-space 
world."
	"Kiyo Maki...Kiyone Makibi!" Kiyone froze when he mentioned her real name.  
"You're Mihoshi's old partner!"
	"How do you know that nitwit?" Kiyone asked coldly.
	"She crashed on Earth a while ago and has been staying with us ever since," 
Tenchi answered.  "She thought you died."
	"That explains why no one looked for me."  Kiyone wrapped Pete's head in 
some gauze and taped it off.  "That ditz has caused me all sorts of trouble. 
  When we get out of here, I'm going to give her a piece of my mind," Kiyone 
angrily spat out.  "It's her fault that I got stranded here, and it's her 
fault for reporting me dead and leaving me here on this backwater planet for 
years!"
	"Hey, I live here you know," Pete weakly spoke.
	"Pete!" Kiyone yelled in surprise as she tried to hide the control cube.  
"How long have you been awake?"
	"Since you came in," Pete replied as he propped himself up.  "I always knew 
there was something strange about you."
	"I guess the cat's out of the bag," Kiyone sighed.  "Well, it doesn't 
matter now.  I'll be heading back with you, Tenchi."
	"Well, um, you see, I don't have a ship," Tenchi replied weakly.
	"Then how did you get here?" Kiyone asked.
	"There was an accident with a teleporter and I got sent here."
	"Arg!  I finally find someone who's not from this planet and he's stranded 
here too!  I'll never get off this rock!" Kiyone yelled.
	"I'm sure they're looking for me."  Tenchi smiled at the thought of Ryoko 
and Ayeka fighting over who will get to rescue him first.
	"What about Hodaiso?" Pete asked.  "They jumped me when I followed them 
here and now we're all trapped."
	"Getting out will be easy, but I don't want to leave so soon," Kiyone 
replied.
	"What!  Why not?" Tenchi asked.
	"You heard what he said.  His buyers will be coming here, and this will be 
a chance to catch them all."
	"What buyers, I still have no idea what is going on," Tenchi muttered.
	"Hodaiso is an arms dealer," Pete explained.  "We have been following his 
activities for a long time now and traced a large shipment of military 
hardware to this warehouse.  We were going to arrest him when he went to 
pick it up."
	"And then you dropped in and messed it all up," Kiyone continued.  "But now 
it looks like he plans to use us as target practice when the buyers get 
here.  And that's when we'll break free and arrest them all!"
	"I still don't know how we are going to get out of here.  And we don't have 
any weapons," Pete pointed out.
	"You don't need to worry about that," Kiyone replied.  "Get some rest, we 
have to be ready to go when they get here."


	"Are you sure this time?" Ryoko asked her ship.
	'Yup, 100% positive that Tenchi is down there!' Ryo-Ohki replied.
	"The last time you said that, it was a water heater."
	'It was a Juraian water heater at least.  And the energy output of that 
thing was huge,' Ryo-Ohki thought back defensively.
	"OK, calm down.  Where is he then?"  Ryo-Ohki opened a viewscreen and 
zoomed in on the planet that they were orbiting.
	'This planet is called Veridian.  A pre-space Juraian colony, kinda like 
Earth.  I am certain that Tenchi is in this city here.' The image zoomed 
even closer to a large city, and then to the warehouse district.  'He's 
somewhere around here.'
	"All right then.  Let's go get him."
	'Um, this is a pre-space colony, you know,' Ryo-Ohki thought to Ryoko.
	"Yeah..."
	'And it's illegal to make contact with a pre-space colony.'
	"Since when did you worry about the law?"
	'Well Sasami said that I should be a good cabbit and always obey the law 
since the GP are not after me anymore and I don't want to make Sasami angry 
at me,' Ryo-Ohki thought back quickly.
	"Sasami eh," Ryoko said with a small smile.  "All right, then we'll be law 
abiding citizens today for her sake.  Start looking for a remote area not 
far from the city where we can land.  This is a rescue mission so we're not 
breaking any laws by landing on the planet."


	It was now deep into the night, and car engines could be heard outside.  
Kiyone pressed her ear against the wall to hear better.  After a few 
seconds, she stood up and walked to the door.
	"What's going on?" Tenchi asked.
	"They're here?" Pete spoke up.
	"Yeah, and now it's time to go," Kiyone said to them.  She pulled out her 
control cube again and twisted a side.  In a blur, she changed into her 
Galaxy Police uniform, complete with shoulder holster.  She pulled out her 
blaster and checked the charge.  "It's been a long time since I used this."
	"Wow!" Pete whispered.
	"Tenchi, you help Pete."  Tenchi nodded and helped Pete up.  Kiyone aimed 
her blaster at the lock and fired.  A beam of red energy streaked out and 
blasted through the lock.  "Let's go!"


	"Don't touch that!" Washu yelled at Mihoshi.
	"Sorry," she replied.
	"I finally got this thing fixed, and the last thing I need is for you to 
break it!"
	"So it is fully repaired?" Ayeka asked.
	"Yes, and I'm trying to find Tenchi right now," Washu answered.
	"Yay!" Sasami cheered.
	"Found him!" Washu yelled out.  "He's on another planet in the Juraian 
Empire called Veridian."
	"Then teleport him back," Ayeka ordered.
	"Can't do that, little Miss Pushy.  I only know where the UMPTD 4 sent him, 
not his exact location.  We'll just have to go pick him up the old fashion 
way."
	"Then what are we waiting for?" Sasami asked the group.  Washu smiled at 
the princess's resolve and started typing.
	"It'll be faster if we teleport ourselves over first and look for Tenchi 
while Yokinojo flies there to pick us up.  I'm going to try to send us to 
the exact location where Tenchi was sent.  It may be a little off, but it'll 
be close enough."
	"I'll get Yokinojo ready," Mihoshi replied cheerfully as she formed her 
control cube.
	Washu's eyes widened in fear and she lunged for the pink cube.  "Don't play 
with that thing in my lab!" she screamed and fell out of her chair onto the 
floor.  Mihoshi smiled innocently and put the cube away.  Washu dusted 
herself off and gave Mihoshi a dirty look.  "Let me handle this," she told 
the detective and sat down at her computer.  After a few minutes of furious 
typing, Washu stood up.
	"Are we going?" Ayeka asked anxiously.
	"Yokinojo is already on his way to meet us there and the UMPTD 4 is set on 
automatic," Washu answered.
	"Where is Sasami?" Mihoshi asked.
	"I'm right here!" Sasami yelled out as she ran towards them from the 
entrance of the lab.  "I wanted to go get something before we left."
	"Is everyone ready then?" Washu asked the group.  Everyone nodded and Washu 
pressed a button on her computer.  "Let's go!"  The lab was filled with a 
bright, white light as everyone was teleported away.

	"Hello!  Is anyone home?" Noboyuki called out from the front door.  He 
peeked into Washu's lab and saw that is was empty.  "Where did everyone go?"


	With Pete leaning against Tenchi, they followed Kiyone to the next room and 
ducked behind some boxes.
	"Leave me here," Pete grunted to Tenchi.  Tenchi looked at Kiyone, who 
nodded.  Voices could be heard next door.  "I won't be any good in a fight.  
You two should go ahead without me."  Tenchi carefully leaned Pete against 
the box.  He saw a broom lying near by and twisted the handle off to make a 
staff.
	"Here, take this," Kiyone said to Pete as she handed him her blaster.  "Be 
careful, it's very powerful."  Pete nodded and tested the weight of the gun. 
  Kiyone took off her headband and formed her control cube once again.  With 
a few twists, a blaster rifle popped into existence and Kiyone caught it as 
it fell to the ground.  "You want a gun?" Kiyone asked Tenchi.
	"No, I think I can manage with this," Tenchi replied and twirled the staff 
he had made.
	"Juraians," Kiyone muttered as she reformed her headband.  She placed it 
back on her head and readied the blaster rifle for action.
	"What's the plan?" Tenchi asked the Galaxy Police officer.
	"First let's see how many there are," Kiyone replied.  Stealthily they made 
their way to the door to the next room and ducked inside.  They quickly 
crouched behind some crates and listened to what was going on.

	"I'm glad you all could make it," Hodaiso told his guests.
	"Cut the crap Hodaiso," one of the men bitterly spoke out.  "Where are the 
guns?"

	"That's Toki," Kiyone pointed out.  "Known crime boss in a neighboring 
city."

	"They are right here," Hodaiso replied and patted the large crate behind 
him.  "The best the military has to offer."
	"We'll be the ones to decide that," another man spoke.

	"That's The Fox, a suspected leader of a terrorist faction that's been 
giving the government a hard time."  She continued to identify the remaining 
buyers, five in all.  Each of them had two bodyguards with them.
	"There's a lot of people here," Tenchi whispered.
	"Yeah, maybe we should call for backup," Kiyone whispered back.  She 
pointed to the exit and together they began to crawl towards it.

	"What we have here is the army's newest self-loading rocket launcher," 
Hodaiso told his buyers as he held up a large bazooka.  "Perfect for 
removing pesky tanks from your front lawn.  He handed it to one the 
terrorists and opened another crate.  "And here is their prototype laser 
gun."  Hodaiso turned it on and a soft humming filled the room.
	"We aren't buying anything till we test it ourselves," The Fox said to 
Hosaiso.
	"Oh don't worry, I've already thought about that."

	"They're going to find out that we escaped," Tenchi whispered loudly to 
Kiyone.
	"I know, hurry up!"  They made their way to the door but Kiyone pulled 
Tenchi aside before he could open it.  "Wait."  They crouched behind some 
more boxes and listened.  They could make out several car engines idling 
outside as well as more men talking to each other.
	"We're trapped," Tenchi hissed.
	"Let me think-" Kiyone tried to say when an intense beeping from her watch 
interrupted her.  She quickly slapped her hand over the watch to turn off 
the buzzer.
	"What was that?" Tenchi asked nervously.  He peeked over the crate to see 
if anyone had heard them.
	"I'm detecting an incredibly high energy source," Kiyone replied as she 
looked at her watch in disbelief.  "This can't be right," Kiyone gasped and 
smacked her watch a few times.  "There isn't anything on this planet that 
can produce such a high energy signature!"
	Suddenly there was a scream from outside and gunfire erupted.  A large 
explosion followed
	"What the heck was that?" Tenchi asked as the whole building shook.

	"Monsters!" a man's voice screamed from outside.
	"You call that a gun?  I'll show you a gun!" a familiar voice laughed back 
followed by a series of explosion.

	"Oh no!" Tenchi moaned as he recognized the unmistakable cackle of the 
greatest genius scientist in the universe.
	"Sounds like a war out there!" Kiyone yelled over the explosions.
	Tenchi hugged the ground as bullets ripped through the wall above his head. 
  "Why me?" he muttered to himself.
	Suddenly the door opened and Kiyone raised her rifle for a shot.  She 
quickly pulled the rifle away as a child jumped through.
	"Sasami!" Tenchi yelled in surprise.  "What are you doing here?"
	"Tenchi!" Sasami cried with joy and hugged him.  "I'm so glad that we found 
you!"
	"Sasami?" Kiyone whispered to herself, "Princess Sasami?"
	"This is no place for you to be, it's too dangerous," Tenchi scolded.
	"But I thought you would need this," Sasami replied and pulled the 
Tenchi-ken from her tunic.  Tenchi accepted the sword and hugged her back, 
"We have to get out of here!"
	Back with Hodaiso, chaos ensued.  The criminals where pulling out their own 
weapons, accusing each other of setting each other up.  Hodaiso picked up a 
rocket launcher as he tried to settle everyone down.  He saw a blue head 
poking up from behind a box and swore.  "It's the cops, you idiots!" he 
yelled and fired a round at Kiyone.
	Kiyone saw the flash of light erupt from Hodasio and knew what was coming.  
"Look out!" she yelled and pushed Tenchi away.  Tenchi stumbled forward, 
knocking Sasami out into the open.  The rocket exploded above them, blasting 
the crates into splinters.
	"Sasami?" Tenchi yelled groggily as the shockwave from the explosion made 
the world go upside down.
	"I'll get you bastards!" Hodaiso shouted in rage and fired another round 
and a blue haired figure lying in the open.
	"Sasami!" Tenchi screamed as the rocket exploded, engulfing her in a ball 
of fire.  The smoke cleared and Sasami was gone.  "Sasami!"
	"Take that you police bastards!" Hodaiso cheered.
	"Tisk tisk.  I don't like the police either, but he's taking this a bit too 
seriously," Ryoko's voice came from above.  "Don't you think, Sasami?"  
Tenchi looked up and saw Ryoko floating in the air holding Sasami.
	"Ryoko!" Sasami cried as she hugged her neck.  Tears streamed down her face 
and Ryoko patted her back.
	"It's all right now, you're safe," Ryoko comforted the child.
	Suddenly a hail of rockets exploded around them, catching Ryoko by 
surprise.  The explosions were too powerful and Ryoko hugged Sasami tight as 
they were knocked out of the air.
	"Ryoko!" Tenchi cried as he saw them fall to the ground.  They landed in a 
pile of fallen crates and more rockets exploded around them.

	"I think I got it!" Jess shouted from the other side of the room.
	"It's still alive!" James yelled as the crates stirred.  They raised their 
rocket launchers and fired again.

	The rockets pummeled the crates until a burst of orange light disintegrated 
them all.  Standing at the center was Ryoko with Sasami hanging onto her 
neck.  She raised her arm and created a force field.  With her other arm she 
held Sasami as the rockets exploded harmlessly off of her shield.
	"Not so tight!" Ryoko gasped.  Sasami opened her eyes and noticed that she 
was unhurt.  "You're becoming like your mother."  Sasami smiled sweetly and 
loosened her grip on Ryoko's neck.

	"What the hell is that thing?" Jess yelled as he continued to shoot.
	"Some type of monster!" James replied, "Keep shooting!"

	"Ryoko, take Sasami to someplace safe," Tenchi yelled above the explosion.  
Ryoko nodded and teleported away.  Once he saw Ryoko vanish, Tenchi ignited 
the Tenchi-ken and charged into the pack of criminals.

	Ryoko materialized in the next room, a few feet from where Pete was hiding. 
  He raised his weapon to protect himself from the strange people and Sasami 
screamed when she saw the gun.  Pete immediately aimed the blaster away once 
he realized that it was young woman and child in front of him.  Ryoko 
reacted instantly and teleported to Pete's side and ripped the blaster out 
of his hand.  In a flash she created her orange energy sword and held it up 
to him.  Pete stumbled backwards, surprised at the speed of the attack.  He 
shuffled backwards till he bumped into a crate.  Ryoko walked up to him and 
placed the tip of her energy sword at his chest.
	"Where did you get this blaster?" Ryoko asked coldly.
	"My...my partner gave it to me," Pete replied nervously.  Sasami peeked out 
from behind Ryoko to see what was going on.
	Ryoko narrowed her eyes and stared at the man.  "This is a Galaxy Police 
blaster.  You don't look like a GP."
	"I'm a police officer of this planet.  My partner is a Galaxy Police 
officer that got stranded here a long time ago."  Ryoko remembered seeing a 
woman with Tenchi that wore a Galaxy Police uniform, but she had to make 
sure he was telling the truth.
	"Ryoko look.  He's hurt," Sasami pointed out.  Ryoko looked the man over, 
noticing a familiar handkerchief tied around his leg.
	"Who bandaged that?" Ryoko asked and flicked her sword at the bandage.
	"A boy named Tenchi Masaki," Pete replied  "We were all captured by those 
gangsters."
	Ryoko smiled slightly, <Tenchi is so kind-hearted!>
	"Sasami, stay here," Ryoko ordered as she distinguished her sword.
	"Protect the kid, officer," Ryoko said to Pete and tossed him the blaster.  
Without another word, she teleported back to the fight.
	"Hi, my name is Sasami," Sasami bowed as she introduced herself.

	"What the hell is going on?" Toki yelled as he fired wildly.  He saw a boy 
charging him with a glowing stick and he fired at him.  Tenchi used the 
Tenchi-ken to form a shield and deflected the bullets.  In a flash of blue 
light, he cut the barrel off of Toki's gun and kneed him in the stomach.  
Toki doubled over and Tenchi hit him at the base of his skull with the 
pommel of the Tenchi-ken.  The crime lord fell to the floor out cold.
	From behind, The Fox raised his own pistol and took aim at Tenchi.  A 
streak of red flashed from the side and slammed into the terrorist.  Tenchi 
turned and saw him fall to the ground, his clothes smoldering.  He looked to 
the side and saw Kiyone, a little disheveled, but unhurt.  She flashed him a 
thumbs up sign and he turned back to the battle.
	"Damn you Maki!" Hodaiso shouted.  All around him, the criminals were being 
picked off by Kiyone and Tenchi.  Soon, only Jess and James remained with 
him.  "I'll kill you!" Hodaiso screamed as he fired the rocket launcher 
blindly.  Tenchi and Kiyone dove for cover as the trio fired in all 
directions.
	"That's a lot of firepower!" Tenchi commented to Kiyone as he hid behind 
several layers of crates.
	"What now!" Kiyone yelled in frustration as her watch began to beep wildly 
again.  Without warning the roof exploded, throwing everyone to the ground.  
A blue hardsuit jumped down through the hole and landed with a crunch.
	"Space Pirate Ryoko, you are under arrest!  Everyone put down your weapons 
at once!" a new voice yelled from the mechanical suit.
	"That's not Mihoshi," Tenchi commented to himself.
	Hodaiso didn't know what that thing was, but he did know that it belonged 
to the police if it wanted to arrest someone.  And he did not like the 
police.  Hodaiso dropped his now empty rocket launcher and rolled over to 
one the broken crates.  He pulled out one of the prototype laser rifles, 
took aim, and fired.  A solid green beam of light tore across the room and 
swept over the hardsuit.  The pilot tried to evade the attack and jumped to 
the side, only to have its left arm and part of it's left leg cut off.  It 
crashed into the only remaining stacked crates and knocked them over.
	Ryoko suddenly appeared overhead.  She fired one blast and destroyed the 
laser gun in Hodaiso's hands.  Immediately she teleported to his side and 
grabbed him.  With an evil smile, she pulled him into the air as she flew 
upwards and held her sword at his neck.
	"Call off you men, or you die!" Ryoko ordered.  Hodaiso gulped and nodded.
	"Everyone, stop shooting!" he yelled in a shaky voice.  "Stop right now!"  
His men obeyed and the shooting ceased.
	"You're all under arrest!" Kiyone yelled as she popped up from behind a 
crate she had been taking cover behind.
	The fighting outside had also stopped.  Tenchi smiled and distinguished his 
sword.  He placed it in his belt and began to help Kiyone handcuff all the 
gangsters.  She seemed to have an endless supply that she could call upon 
with her control cube.

	"Oh Tenchi!" Ayeka called from outside.  "Where are you?"  She stepped 
inside and saw Tenchi wipe the sweat off his brow.  "Tenchi!"  She ran up to 
him to give him a big hug.  At the same time Ryoko materialized next to him 
to hug him as well.  They met at the same time, squishing Tenchi in between.
	"What are you doing here, you monster?" Ayeka shouted at Ryoko.
	"What does it look like, you dolt?  I'm rescuing Tenchi!" Ryoko snapped 
back.
	"What did you call me?" Ayeka yelled back in disbelief.
	"There you are, Tenchi," Washu called out as she and Mihoshi stepped 
inside.  "We got quite a reception out there."  Tenchi could see burning 
cars through the open door and sighed.
	"I'm so happy we found you!" Mihoshi happily cried out.
	"MI...HO...SHI!" a voice growled from behind her.  She turned around to 
find a blaster rifle pointed at her face.  "Give me one good reason why I 
shouldn't shoot you right here!" Kiyone demanded.
	"Kiy...Kiyone!" Mihoshi cried out.  "You're alive!  I missed you so much!" 
Mihoshi jumped forward and hugged her long lost partner, ignoring the rifle 
aimed at her head.  "You dyed your hair, but I will always recognize you."  
Kiyone's eye twitched as Mihoshi hugged her tightly.  She rolled her eyes 
back and sighed.
	"It's nice to see you too, Mihoshi," Kiyone replied softly.
	"What's with the hardsuit?" Washu asked as she approached the wrecked 
battle armor.  It lurched to its feet and Washu jumped back in surprise.
	"Oh yeah, that thing," Ryoko commented, a sweat drop forming on her head.  
"Tenchi, whatever it says, I didn't do it."
	"Do what, Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.
	"Space pirate Ryoko, you are under arrest!" The hardsuit yelled one more 
time.
	"What are the charges?" Ayeka asked calmly.
	"She is wanted for attacking private vessels, breaking and entering, and 
inciting riots at various locations."
	"But I was looking for Tenchi," Ryoko tried to defend herself.
	"Are you going to come with me peacefully, or am I going to have to do this 
the hard way?"
	"Looks like you're going to jail," Ayeka smugly commented.  "Too bad for 
you."
	"I'm not going anywhere!" Ryoko shouted and took to the air.  She formed a 
ball of energy and prepared to launch it at the damaged hardsuit.
	"That won't be necessary," Kiyone called out from the side.  Ryoko 
continued to hold the ball of energy, waiting to see what she meant.
	Kiyone walked up to the hardsuit and stood in front of it.  "I am detective 
first class Kiyone Makibi.  This planet is under my jurisdiction.  What's 
your name and rank, officer?" Kiyone demanded.
	"Um, Detective second class Miko," the hardsuit replied.
	"Open this thing when you speak to a superior officer!" Kiyone commanded.  
The hardsuit opened to reveal a green haired woman at the controls.  "What 
the hell do you think you are doing?"
	"I don't understand," the detective replied.
	"I aught to bust you down to corporal for bringing this thing into a 
radically low tech world, a pre-space one to boot.  You have violated one of 
the six simple laws of the GP!"
	"Yes Ma'am, I mean no Ma'am, I mean I'm sorry Ma'am" The detective 
stuttered.
	"And where's your partner and ship?  Parked in the town square?"
	"No Ma'am.  He is orbiting the planet at a safe distance so not to be 
detected, Ma'am."
	"At least you did something right.  What the hell were you thinking when 
you brought this hardsuit here?  Did you think no one would notice it?"
	"We detected the presence of the space pirate Ryoko and decided that a 
hardsuit would be needed to apprehend her, Ma'am.  We decided that the risk 
of bodily harm clearly overruled the risk of contact with the native 
peoples, Ma'am."
	"Well you made a mistake.  That is not the space pirate Ryoko."  The room 
fell silent.
	"Huh?" Detective Miko asked what everyone was thinking.
	"That is not the space pirate Ryoko.  It may look like her, but it is not 
the space pirate that you are looking for.  If you get out of here before 
anyone sees you, I might forget this whole incident and maybe you won't get 
demoted."
	"I see," Miko said quietly.
	"Wait for me in orbit and I'll explain everything," Kiyone told the 
confused detective.  The hardsuit closed and Kiyone stepped back as it 
launched itself into the air.  They watched it streak off into the distance 
and disappear over the horizon.
	"What the heck happened here?" Pete called out to the others as he hobbled 
into the room with Sasami.


	They all decided that it would be best if they left before the police 
arrived and agreed to hide in Tenchi's hotel room till Kiyone met them 
later.  Kiyone took off her Galaxy Police uniform waited for the police with 
Pete.
	"This is going to be hard to explain," Pete commented as he looked over the 
destroyed warehouse.  The gangsters and terrorists were handcuffed and 
sitting in a circle in the middle of the street surrounded by burning cars.

	"Hey look," Sasami called out, "we made the news!"  Everyone crowded around 
the television and listened.
	"A fierce battle tore up the warehouse district today as the police made a 
daring raid against a suspected weapons dealer," said the anchorman.  The 
image changed to firemen dousing the burning cars and building.  "A 
Detective Kiyo Maki spearheaded the raid and captured the suspected arms 
dealer as well as several of his potential buyers.  The citizens of Narsus 
city can sleep peacefully tonight thanks to the valiant effort of its police 
force."  A knock on the door interrupted the report and Tenchi went to open 
it.
	"Detective Makibi, come in," said Tenchi as he opened the door for Kiyone.
	"Hi Kiyone!" Mihoshi yelled and waved from across the room.
	"It's time that we get going," she told the group.
	"So soon?" Tenchi wondered.
	"Our little battle is raising too many questions.  It would be best if we 
left right away," Kiyone explained.  "I know a place outside of the city 
where we can take off."
	"All right then, let's go," Ryoko told everyone.

	They made their way to front of the hotel and saw Pete waiting next to two 
parked cars.  He had a bandage on his head and his leg was in a short 
walking cast.
	"Hi!" Sasami waved when she saw him.  Pete smiled and waved back.
	"We'll take two cars, Pete will follow me," Kiyone told the others.  
"Tenchi, I need to talk to you, so can you ride with me?"
	"Sure," Tenchi replied.  He got into the passenger seat of the first car as 
Kiyone entered from the driver's side.  Ryoko and Ayeka quickly jumped into 
the back seat.  Everyone else went with Pete.  Once everyone was secured, 
Kiyone started the car and drove off.
	"What did you want to talk to me about?" Tenchi asked the detective.
	"I want to apologize," Kiyone began.  "I'm sorry that I suspected you were 
working for Hodaiso."
	"You were doing your job, you don't have to apologize," Tenchi replied.
	"A GP apologizing," Ryoko laughed.  "I've never seen that before."
	"And another thing," Kiyone continued, "I'm taking a big risk letting Ryoko 
go."
	"Hey!" Ryoko shouted from the back seat.
	"I'm placing her under your custody.  Do you think you can keep her out of 
trouble?" Kiyone asked Tenchi.
	"Tenchi's going to be looking after me?" Ryoko asked, her eyes starting to 
water.  "It'll be like we're married!"
	"Now cut that out!" Ayeka yelled at her.  "He's going to be your probation 
officer!"
	"I'll try my best," Tenchi said to Kiyone.  Kiyone smiled and continued to 
drive.
	Soon they reached a forest outside the city and Kiyone continued to drive 
until they came up to a little clearing.  "This is where I crashed," Kiyone 
told the others as she got out of the car.
	"Yay!  Yokinojo is already in orbit," Mihoshi cheered as she read a message 
that beeped on her watch.
	"I guess we'll head back to Headquarters," Kiyone said to Mihoshi.
	"I'm not traveling in that cramped shuttle of yours," Ryoko spoke up.  "I'm 
taking Ryo-Ohki."
	"I want to go with Ryo-Ohki too," Sasami said to her sister.
	"Then we will all go in Ryo-Ohki, and then Mihoshi and Detective Makibi can 
go to their headquarters," Tenchi decided.
	"Miya!" Ryo-Ohki added.
	Ryoko took Ryo-Ohki off of Sasami's shoulder and tossed her high into the 
air.  Pete gaped in awe as she transformed into her ship form.
	"All aboard!" Ryoko yelled.  Ryo-Ohki began to teleport everyone into 
herself, but left Ryoko and Kiyone.  Mihoshi formed her control cube and 
teleported herself to Yokinojo.
	"Why are you letting me go?" Ryoko asked the blue haired detective once 
everyone else was gone.
	"I saw what you did for the young Princess," Kiyone replied.  "You risked 
your life to save hers.  It actually looks like you care for her.  And you 
didn't kill a single person during the whole fight.  The space pirate Ryoko 
that I knew of would never do such a thing.  And to top it off, I had the 
get that battle armor off the planet before anyone saw it.  Whatever you 
did, I'm sure it was in desperation to find Tenchi."
	"You aren't like the other GP I've met," Ryoko commented.  Kiyone smiled 
and turned to walk to Pete as Ryoko teleported herself into Ryo-Ohki.
	"I guess this is good bye," Pete said and held out his hand to shake.
	"Yes it is," Kiyone replied and took his hand.  She pulled him closer and 
hugged him.  "Thanks for everything.  You made being stranded a bit more 
bearable."
	"You've certainly made my life a little more interesting."  Kiyone laughed 
at the comment.  "Narsus won't be the same without you."  Kiyone stepped 
back and clicked her heels together at attention.  She saluted and Pete 
returned it.
	"Good bye, Detective Pete Pika.  It has been an honor serving with you."
	"Good bye, Detective Kiyo Maki.  It has been an honor.  I wish you good 
luck on your future assignments."
	Kiyone nodded and pressed a button on her watch.  "Mihoshi, I'm ready to 
go," she spoke into it.
	"Okay!" came a cheerful reply.
	"I'll try to visit some time," Kiyone called out and waved one last time 
before she was teleported to the patrol ship.



	"Hi everyone!" Mihoshi yelled into the house as she opened the front door.  
"We're back!"
	"Mihoshi!" Sasami cheered as she stepped out of the kitchen.  She ran up to 
her and gave her a hug.
	"And look who's going to stay with us," Mihoshi stepped aside to reveal 
Kiyone.
	"Detective Makibi, it's nice to see you again," Tenchi greeted as he walked 
up to the two detectives.
	"Just call me Kiyone," she replied and bowed slightly.  "I'm back as 
Mihoshi's partner again."
	"What happened to you hair?" Sasami asked curiously.  Kiyone's hair was now 
a dark green.
	"I had to dye my hair blue to fit in better on Veridian.  Green is my 
natural color."
	"Well, I like it," Sasami said happily.  Ryo-Ohki nodded in agreement from 
Sasami's head.
	"So you are going to stay here on Earth?" Tenchi asked.
	"It looks that way."
	"You are welcome to stay with us," Noboyuki butted in, "Another pretty, 
young lady is always welcome, eh Tenchi?"
	"Dad!" Tenchi cried out.
	"Hey!  I'm the only pretty, young thing Tenchi needs," Ryoko said 
seductively as she materialized around Tenchi, wrapping her body around him.
	"Get your grubby hands off Tenchi this instant!" Ayeka yelled from the top 
of the stairs.  "And you are definitely not young.  You are well over 1000 
years old!"
	"I may have been in hibernation for 700 years, but my body is still looks 
physically younger than yours!" Ryoko yelled back.
	"Then I should be the perfect match for Tenchi!" Washu suddenly popped in 
and latched onto Tenchi's arm.
	"Washu!" Ryoko growled in frustration.
	"Miss Washu!" Ayeka yelled in anger.
	"Are they like this all the time?" Kiyone asked Sasami.
	"Yeah, pretty much," Sasami nodded.  On top of her head, Ryo-Ohki shrugged 
her shoulders.
	"Oh it's going to be so fun to have you as my partner again!" Mihoshi said 
excitedly, practically hopping up and down.
	"Come on, I'll give you a tour of the house," Sasami suggested cheerfully 
and took Kiyone's hand.
	"This is going to be an interesting assignment," Kiyone said to herself and 
let the little princess lead the way.

The End.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Yes, that's the end.  Please send all comments to tm_fan1023@hotmail.com.  
Good or bad, I like to read what people think of my writing.  So e-mail me!

