Ghost in The Machine

By Diane Long

Note: This story picks up after the events of "Little Ryoko".

The smells of fresh grilled fish and miso soup hung thickly in the air, 
accentuated by pungent accents of 
garlic and pepper.  Everyone at the table was eating with gusto except an adult 
Washu who was scanning 
the living room as she munched on a pickle. The late afternoon sun turned her 
hair into a deep shade of 
orange with pink highlights.

"Ryoko?" she called, after she had swallowed.

"Yes?" came the distracted reply from somewhere overhead.

"It's dinner time. Come eat."

"Oh. Right." Ryoko stuck her head over the side of her favorite rafter sniffing 
with interest.  "I'll be down 
in a minute."

"You wouldn't want to be rude to Sasami, would you?" Washu asked gently, knowing 
Ryoko would drift 
back into her book without a little prodding.

"No, way.  I'm coming."  Ryoko teleported, book in hand, to her usual spot 
beside Tenchi at the table.  She 
picked up her utensils, stuck her nose back into her book, and continued to read 
while she ate.

Washu shook her head in amused annoyance.  Ryoko's manners hadn't been much 
improved by recent 
events.  However, she had been denied the pleasure of reading for so long, no 
one could really blame her 
for this specific infraction.

Tenchi cast a glance over to his silent seatmate.  It was strange for her to be 
so quiet.  Or was it strange that 
she wasn't paying any attention to him?  He felt displaced somehow.  He shook 
his head a little to clear his 
thoughts.  As he reached for the mustard he noticed Washu eyeing him knowingly.  
He quirked an eyebrow 
at her, but she only shrugged and went back to eating.  He didn't dwell on it 
too long, one never knew what 
Washu was plotting, and it really was better not to push.

"What are you reading there, Ryoko?" asked Ayeka in a disapproving voice.

"It's a book about how annoying princesses meet their ghastly ends.  Want to 
see?" Ryoko asked offering 
the book to Ayeka.

"Ryoko," Tenchi groaned.

"What?" Ryoko asked, a paragon of innocence.  "That's what this book is about." 
She showed him the 
front cover.

"Fairytales by the Brothers Grimm," he read aloud.  "I should have known."

Ryoko grinned maliciously.  "That's right, I'm doing some very practical 
research here." She eyed Ayeka.  
"These earth writers sure know their stuff."

Tenchi just shook his head and went back to eating.

"What?" Ayeka asked not getting the joke.

"Hmmm."  Ryoko cast her glance about the table, and then scooped up a beautiful 
red apple from the fruit 
basket.  "Apple, princess?"

Washu nearly choked.  It was amazing to see how well Ryoko's intellect was 
reasserting itself.  Her wit 
alone had always been enough to peel the paint from the walls, but now that 
there was some content added 
in, Ryoko was amazing to behold.  If she kept up soaking in information at this 
rate, Ryoko would be able 
to defeat Ayeka with words alone.  Washu glowed.  Her daughter was the smartest 
girl, besides her own 
mother, in the house. Just like old times.

Ayeka looked at the apple doubtfully.  "Why do you want me to eat that apple?"

Ryoko smiled sweetly and widened her eyes.  "No reason, really."

"No, thank you," Ayeka said firmly, convinced Ryoko was up to something.

"Oh, well." Ryoko set the apple back in the bowl.  "Ever thought about spinning 
then?"

Washu wiped her mouth with a cloth napkin and rolled her eyes.  "You do realize 
those things won't work 
with out an enchantment, right?" she asked Ryoko.

Ryoko bit her lip. "Oh, right. Damn."

"I'd cast one for you, if I hadn't promised Tenchi not to kill anyone within 200 
feet of the Shrine," Washu 
said smiling coyly at Tenchi.

"Since when has that ever stopped you," Ryoko muttered under her breath.

"No back talk," Washu warned, only half-joking.

Ryoko's answer was a protruding tongue as she teleported away from the table, 
taking a bowl of rice with 
her.

"So disrespectful!" Washu muttered, a tiny smile playing across her lips anyway.  
Things were going 
unbelievably well between she and Ryoko.  She got to her feet and smiled at 
Tenchi.  "I'm off to feed my 
specimens.  Please come and get me if I'm not back in time for Battle Action 
Droids."

"Sure thing, Washu." Tenchi returned her smile.  Ryoko hadn't been the only one 
to under go a change 
recently.  Washu had become much friendlier and willing to spend time outside of 
her lab.  It was nice to 
see her so happy.

Up on her beam, Ryoko continued reading for fifteen minutes, with one leg 
dangling over the side.  She 
kicked idly as she finished the last few pages of her book.

"Ryoko, are you going to help with the dishes or not?" came a voice from 
underneath of her.

Ryoko peered over the edge and saw Ayeka glaring up.  "Oh, is it my turn again 
so soon?"

Ayeka merely crossed her arms and waited. The tip of her foot peeking out from 
the hem of her kimono 
tapped out her annoyance.

"Don't worry, I'll get to it later.  Just let me finish this chapter first!"

"Oooo Ryoko!"

"Break it up you two, it's time for the TV show!" said Washu rushing past Ayeka 
towards the couch.

"Oh, my show!" exclaimed Ryoko as she flew to join Washu.

Ayeka shook her head and took her own seat. Once a slacker, always a slacker.

Ryoko picked up the remote control and selected the channel, taking a moment to 
crank up the volume.  
"It's better when the explosions are loud!" she exclaimed settling back into the 
couch.

Washu nodded in agreement.  "But not so loud it overdrives the speakers," she 
amended.  "The crackle 
annoys me."

"It's fine," Ryoko assured her.  "That bothers me too.  My ears are too 
sensitive."

Washu grabbed Ryoko's earlobe and pulled her head over and looked deeply into 
her ear canal.  "Hmmm, 
interesting."

"Hey! Leggo!" Ryoko shouted trying to wriggle away.

Washu produced a small flashlight and shone it into Ryoko's ear.  "Looks like 
you could stand to take a 
bath, little Ryoko."

"Ha," Ryoko glowered.

"Seriously, you still aren't hearing Brownian motion are you?"  Washu asked, 
sneaking in a little hug.

"Not since you adjusted my auditory nerve.  I'm just talking about my typical 
sensitivity." Ryoko felt the 
hug and gently tried to pull away.

"Oh, that makes sense," Washu said releasing Ryoko and tossing the flashlight 
into a dimensional pocket.

"How sensitive is your hearing, Ryoko?" Tenchi asked sitting down on the other 
side of her.

Ryoko shrugged.  She didn't like Tenchi knowing the ways she was different from 
a typical human being.

Washu peered around Ryoko's shoulder with a mischievous grin on her face.  
"Let's just say she can hear 
you digesting your dinner."

"Urg," Tenchi said queasily his hands covering his stomach.

"Washu!" Ryoko snapped.  "Cut it out!

Washu complied.  Ryoko was starting use 'Washu' only when she was annoyed with 
her.  So it was better 
to behave and get called 'mom' than to annoy her progeny.  A little better 
anyway.

"It's not a big deal, I just imagine that sounds pretty gross," Tenchi 
comforted, patting Ryoko's hand.  
"Hey. your hands are like ice."  Tenchi started chaffing her fingers.

Ryoko looked away.  She had been feeling rather chilled for the past day or so, 
but hadn't wished to draw 
further attention to herself by mentioning it.  "Ah, it's nothing.." She began, 
but quickly changed gears 
when she saw Ayeka staring jealously at the two of them.

"Oh Tenchi, I'm so cold!" Ryoko cried snuggling up to Tenchi, all the while 
shooting nasty grins to Ayeka.

Tenchi, having felt her icy hands, was genuinely concerned.  He reached behind 
him and grabbed an afghan 
from the edge of the couch and wrapped it around Ryoko's shoulders.  "Is that 
better?"

"Mmm-hmm," Ryoko sighed, continuing to lean against Tenchi.

Tenchi was pleased to allow this.  Given the current absence of her physical 
teasing, he found that he was 
actually enjoying the opportunity to be close to Ryoko. 

Washu watched the pair, not certain if she should be amused or concerned.  Ryoko 
was supposed to be 
impervious to cold, then again since the autumn temperatures remained mild, this 
was probably just one of 
Ryoko's more successful attempts to get attention from Tenchi.  Washu chuckled 
softly.  That girl would 
never give up. 

Chapter Two

In a hazy dreamscape, Ryoko sat on a plain wooden chair and stared at the young 
woman standing before 
her.  She had the sweetest eyes and a gentle smile, and something about her body 
language suggested 
constant mischief.  She was so pretty too.  Ryoko found herself liking this 
woman and hoping that she liked 
her back.

The woman grinned.  "Don't you recognize me?"

Ryoko pondered.  "Well, you do seem familiar."

The woman sighed.  "I'm so sorry."

"For what?" Ryoko asked cautiously.

"For you. For me."

Ryoko leaned forward.  There was something important here. Something she was 
missing.

"You've found me again, but you can never really be me anymore.  Too much has 
happened," the young 
woman said sadly tears welling in her yellow eyes.

Ryoko gasped in recognition.  "Yes I can!  I'm trying really hard.  Give me some 
time!"

"Ryoko!  You are so changed that you didn't even recognize me!" The woman's 
light blue hair bristled in 
agitation.

"But I didn't ask to be changed.  Neither did you!" Ryoko wailed.

Her more innocent self nodded. "It's a shame, but that doesn't change anything.  
Its too late."  She started 
to walk away.

"Wait!  Please don't leave me!"  Ryoko tried to get up, but found she was 
tightly bound to her chair.

The now distant figure waved.  "Don't try to be me.  You can't do it.  I'm lost 
to you."

"No!  I can be normal again!  I know I can!" she shouted, tipping over the chair 
as she tried to get free.  All 
around her the dreamscape shifted as she heard the faint voice of her innocence 
mourning for both of them, 
her tears splashing like the sound of a stream.

Ryoko shivered in her sleep and scrunched up into a tighter ball, trying to keep 
warm.  The cold had 
brought her dreaming mind to the surface of wakefulness and the sound of real 
running water worked its 
way into her awareness.

Running water?  Now, that was odd.  Ryoko cracked open an eye and immediately 
discovered she was not 
on her rafter.  She was outside, on the bank of the river, and from the looks of 
it the sun was just beginning 
to rise.  Ryoko sat up and stretched her aching bones, the sadness of her dream 
still clinging to her.  It 
looked like she had fallen asleep out here while she had collected stones by 
moonlight.  She could feel the 
rocks bulging in her left pocket.  

How strange, falling asleep was usually a purposeful act for her, something she 
decided to do.  Not 
something that crept up on her unawares.  She rubbed her neck trying to remember 
the last thing that had 
happened before she drifted off.  She had been drinking sake, and admiring the 
new stones she had selected 
for her collection.  She looked to the side to see the sake bottle lying on its 
side, half full.  Now that was 
really odd.  She shrugged, dwelling more on the dream than how she fell asleep 
in the first place.  Her heart 
ached and her body was freezing. It was time to go home.  Hopefully breakfast 
would be ready now and a 
hot cup of tea sounded really good.  Being with her family sounded even better. 
Ryoko picked up the bottle 
and flew towards home. 

She quickly reached the Masaki household and touched down in the front yard.  As 
she phased through the 
front door she saw Ayeka sleepily making her way down the stairs.

"Rough night, princess?" Ryoko teased trying to shake off her funk.

Ayeka eyed the large ceramic sake bottle.  "I could say the same for you, 
Ryoko," she muttered.

Ryoko smirked.  "Well, don't be too jealous that you can't be as fun as I am." 

With that, she teleported up to her rafter to hide the sake.  Razing Ayeka was 
fun and all, but there was no 
need to get into it with Washu who had made her opinions about Ryoko's drinking 
very clear. Ryoko 
paused on her beam, a small smile tugging at her lips.  Even though having to 
answer to her was a pain, 
Ryoko didn't want to disappoint Washu.  After so many years of being alone, of 
being almost mechanical, 
to care what anyone thought of her was so strange.  

It was nice too.  Not that she was ready to admit that to anyone right now.  She 
would, in her own time.  
But things needed to slow down for a little while.  As evidenced by her dream, 
the old memories were too 
much and confused her.  She wished she could just have one a day instead of 
having them all seething 
around behind her consciousness.  It often made her feel like she was torn 
between two people who wanted 
her to pick sides.  Other times it seemed like her remembered self had given up 
on her, and she felt like a 
discarded doll.  Maybe Washu could do something about that for her. She paused 
in her thinking as her 
highly sensitive ears picked up the sound of Tenchi entering the dining room.  
Ryoko smiled and teleported 
down to the table and took a seat besides him.  She winked at him and reached 
out to drown her sadness in 
a hug.

"Good morning, Ten. oh tea!"  She changed directions and poured herself a cup of 
steaming liquid 
instead.  She wrapped her cold fingers around the warm china and sighed in 
pleasure.  She sipped carefully, 
still enjoying the novelty of flavor.

"Good morning, Ryoko," Tenchi said wistfully.  He hated to admit it, but he 
missed her hugs.  He smiled.  
"That must be some tea!"

Ryoko lowered the cup from her lips, but kept her fingers wrapped around it.  
"It is very good."

Tenchi waited for her to offer to pour him some.  It soon became obvious that 
the offer wasn't coming 
when Ryoko took another sip and closed her eyes in pleasure.

Ayeka slid into her place at the table.  "Good morning Lord Tenchi.  Would you 
like some tea?"

"I'll pour my own, thanks," Tenchi said not looking away from Ryoko.

"Oh." Ayeka looked from Tenchi to Ryoko, a small frown creasing her brow.  This 
certainly wasn't good.

Tenchi reached for the teapot and poured a cup for himself.  "Would you like 
some more, Ryoko?"

"Yes, please." Ryoko set her cup down so that Tenchi could refill it.

Tenchi almost chuckled as he poured.  It was disconcerting to see Ryoko use her 
manners.  It still wasn't 
consistent, but when she wasn't fighting it Ryoko was more polite than he would 
have ever imagined.  And 
it was rather endearing, to see such manners from a space pirate.

Ayeka fumed. This wasn't going well at all!

"Ayeka?" Tenchi queried, waving the teapot.  "Tea?"

"No thank you," she sniffed.  Imagine being asked after that monster woman.

Tenchi shrugged and set the teapot down.

"So little Ryoko, where were you last night?" asked an adult Washu as she took 
her own seat.

"Out," Ryoko said firmly between sips of tea.  This mother thing was nice, but 
it didn't mean that Washu 
suddenly had the right to monitor her activities.

Washu frowned.  "Out doing what?  You blocked our link, so I couldn't follow 
your thoughts."

"I know."  Ryoko didn't want anyone to know about her rock collection.

"I'll tell you what she was doing." Ayeka smirked.  "She was out drinking sake. 
I saw her dragging in, 
bottle in hand this morning."

"Ryoko." Washu said tiredly.

Ryoko glared at Ayeka.  "See if I keep your secrets anymore."

Ayeka paled.  Maybe that had been a bit harsh.  Ryoko knew a little too much for 
things to swing this way.

"Good morning!"  Sasami said bringing in breakfast.  "Did you find any nice 
rocks last night, Ryoko?"

"Errr." stalled Ryoko, a deep blush dotting her cheeks.

"Rocks?" Tenchi asked.

Washu's expression changed from annoyance to understanding. There had been a 
time when Ryoko had 
destroyed all of her pockets because of her habit of pocketing every pretty 
stone that came across her path.  

"Ryoko told me she was going to look for some rocks on the riverbank last night.  
The moonlight helps you 
find the pretty ones, right Ryoko?" Sasami asked blithely, scooping rice into 
everyone's bowls.

Ryoko set her cup down on the table and stared into its depths. "I guess."

"Did you find any?" Tenchi asked with interest.  

Ryoko dug into her pocket and handed Tenchi three stones without comment. 

Tenchi examined each one in turn.  "Wow, these are really nice.  I like this one 
the most though."  He held 
up an oval, greenish stone.

Ryoko looked at it and smiled.  "I like that one too.  Did you see the small 
vein of mica on the side?" she 
asked shyly.

Tenchi looked closer.  "Oh yeah. That is nice."

Washu watched the interaction with a dreamy smile.  Ryoko didn't seem to notice, 
but her behaviors had 
changed.  With her memories intact, and a budding relationship with her mother, 
Ryoko didn't need to be 
so clingy to Tenchi anymore.  She had other outlets for her emotions now.  And 
an unexpected side effect 
was Tenchi's increased interest in Ryoko.

"How long have you been interested in stones?" Washu asked encouragingly.

Ryoko bit her lip.  It was hard to know if they would understand or not.  She 
wanted to tell them, but what 
if they thought she was horrible?  She dug at her rice in agitation.

"It's okay, honey." Washu reassured her.

Ryoko quirked an eyebrow at the pet name, but let it slide.  "Ever since Kagato 
first controlled me," she 
said.  "I used to collect stones from the places we would. places that we would 
destroy," she finished in a 
shamed whisper.

Washu sighed. She had hoped Ryoko would have remembered that she had always been 
interested in 
geology. Would the specter of Kagato ever leave them in peace?  "May I ask why 
you took the stones?" she 
asked hoping to jog Ryoko's memory.

Ryoko shrugged.  "Because they sparkled.  They were pretty."

Ah well.  Maybe her distant memories would clarify over time. Washu rested her 
head on one hand.  "And 
you always had a weakness for shiny things.  Didn't you?" she asked trying to 
change the subject.

Ryoko laughed.  "You know I did, Mom.  Remember those diamond bits on your 
drill?"

Washu giggled.  "Your first pair of earrings I think."

"Until you figured it out and made me return them."

Washu wagged a finger at Ryoko.  "Don't make me sound mean.  What happened 
next?"

Ryoko smiled.  "You taught me how to grow crystals, and we made a pair of 
earrings from those 
diamonds."

"Two pairs!" Washu corrected, brushing aside her hair so Ryoko could see a small 
diamond winking in her 
earlobe.

"That's right," Ryoko chuckled.

Tenchi listened with a smile.  Like everyone else, he enjoyed tales of Ryoko and 
Washu's more innocent 
times together.  "Where is your pair, Ryoko?"

Ryoko's smile faded.  "Gone," she said shortly.

:: Kagato took them from you, didn't he?:: Washu asked mind-to-mind.

:: What didn't he take?::

Without a word Washu removed one of her earrings and handed it to Ryoko.  Ryoko, 
also not speaking, 
took it and fastened it into her right earlobe.  The two shared a smile and went 
back to eating.

"Can I see your collection sometime?" Tenchi asked Ryoko.

Ryoko paused.  "See it?" she asked with concern.

Tenchi looked confused.  "Sure, it sounds interesting."

"You want to see it?" Ryoko asked again.  She had always hidden her collection 
from Kagato. He took 
away anything that made her more human.

:: No one will take it from you,:: Washu comforted through their link, sensing 
Ryoko's worry.

Tenchi titled his head to one side trying to understand the strange vibe he was 
getting from Ryoko.  "But 
only if you want to," he amended.

"Um."Ryoko hesitated. It was hard to deny Tenchi, but she really just couldn't 
share this right now. "No.  
I'd rather not."  She looked at him sadly, her eyes begging him to understand.

He looked shocked. "Oh. Okay." He stared at her a moment before he looked down 
at his rice, not eating.

He's mad at me now. Her gut twisting in anxiety, Ryoko set her chopsticks down 
and pushed back frown 
the table. It seemed that not so much had changed after all.  She still didn't 
know how to get along with 
people. She always said the wrong thing. With out a word, she teleported to the 
roof.

She wasn't there for long when she heard the hiss of a dimensional portal 
opening behind her.  She knew 
who it was, but offered no greeting.  What did it take to get some privacy 
around here?

"Ryoko," Washu said firmly.

"What do you want, Washu?"

"Oh, it's 'Washu' now, is it?"  Ryoko could hear Washu tap her foot impatiently.  
"What's eating you this 
morning?"

Ryoko rolled her eyes and firmly shut her link with her mother. "Nothing."  
Ryoko frowned as she felt 
Washu testing the mental barrier, obviously trying to find a way around it.  
"And don't you dare pry into 
my thoughts."

Washu stopped immediately.  She hadn't known Ryoko could detect her probe.  She 
sat by Ryoko and 
drummed her fingertips against the roof. "It's amazing how 'nothing' can ruin a 
perfectly serene morning," 
she said lightly.

Deciding there was no further peace to be had on the roof, Ryoko prepared to 
phase away.  But Washu had 
anticipated this. She grabbed Ryoko's arm as she began to calibrate the spaces 
between her molecules.  The 
contact stopped and reversed the process. Ryoko remained solid.

She looked at Washu in dismay.  "Since when could you do that?"

Washu smiled wryly.  "Since a certain five year old discovered yet another way 
to avoid bathing."  She 
looked Ryoko in the eyes.  "Promise not to bolt?"

Ryoko nodded stiffly, and Washu released her.

"You always were one to run from your problems," Washu stated.  "Life doesn't 
work that way."

Ryoko grumbled under her breath, then lashed out, " Who asked you to get 
involved?  I'm FINE."

"Oh little Ryoko, you know you can't lie to me," Washu said in a small voice.

"Well, why do you care?"

Washu shot her daughter a sideways glance.  "Excuse me, but weren't we sharing a 
warm, fuzzy moment 
just minutes ago?  About our earrings?"

Ryoko reached up and roughly removed the diamond stud and placed it in Washu's 
hand.  "If you want it 
back, just say so."

Stunned, Washu reverted to her child size and rolled the earring around in her 
palm.  "You know that 
wasn't what I meant," she said, her voice thick with hurt.

"Arg.  I know. I'm sorry." Ryoko hung her head.  Here she went again, hurting 
people.

Silence hung between them for a moment.

"I'm having a hard time. I mean. I don't understand.well. I don't have the 
words." Ryoko faltered.

Washu took one of Ryoko's hands.  "Then don't use words."

Understanding, Ryoko reopened their link and let her unhappiness flow out 
towards her mother.

Washu stiffened, morphed back into her adult self, then threw her arms around 
Ryoko as the pain filled her 
mind.  In images and feelings Ryoko showed her how she felt off balance by her 
new memories.  How she 
could watch them and see how she used to be, to know how much Washu had loved 
her, but yet how 
distant it all seemed in the context of her more recent existence.  How the old 
Ryoko was a paragon of 
virtue that the present Ryoko could never recreate.  Flavors of failure and 
worthlessness mixed it all 
together and formed a brew of confusion and loneliness.  Washu could clearly see 
how Ryoko was 
floundering between her past, present, and future selves. 

"Oh darling!" Washu exclaimed, stroking Ryoko's hair.  " I had no idea."

"I'm so lost," Ryoko moaned.  "Who am I?  I see my past and want to be like her, 
but I don't know how 
anymore.  So much has changed."

Washu tightened her hug.  "But Ryoko, you have me again.  I can help you."

Ryoko sniffed.

"Just tell me what you want."

Ryoko met Washu's eyes openly.  "I want to normal, I just want to find out who I 
am," she sniffed again 
then sneezed softly.

Washu patted her back absently, caught up in thought.  She could see the true 
spirit of her daughter in that 
moment.  The one who had faced so much abuse alone, the frightened child.  It 
became clear to her that this 
reawakened soul was not merging with the warrior that had protected it for so 
long.  Intervention was 
needed.  And she knew just who to ask for help.

Chapter Three


"You want me to what?!"  Ryoko shouted, rising to her feet from a kneeling 
position.

"Sit," said Yosho firmly.

"But!"

Yosho gave Ryoko that silent, but grim look that had successfully quelled Tenchi 
all of his young life.  And 
it worked on Ryoko too. She sat back down, but unlike Tenchi, she did it without 
meekness.  If her glare 
had any physical properties at all he would have been impaled on her chagrin.

An adult Washu, seated on a cushion beside Ryoko, looked worried.  This therapy 
session was not going 
well at all.  They had been trying this for weeks, and it seemed like things 
were only getting worse for 
Ryoko.

Yosho folded his arms and spoke calmly.  "As I was saying, it is time for you to 
take a risk.  You need 
proof that those realities of your life with Kagato are untrue here.  We can 
make little progress until you 
trust us more."

Ryoko shifted her sullen gaze to the floor.  Right, she was going to trust the 
man who had been the second 
captor in her life.

Yosho leaned against the wall.  "You have forgiven me, haven't you?"

"Yes," hissed Ryoko.

"Really?" Yosho asked in a tone of amused disbelief.

Ryoko's head snapped up.  "You're mocking me!" she growled.

Washu reached out a tentative hand.  "Ryoko."

Ryoko twisted to face her mother, her face flushing in anger. "And, you!" she 
seethed, clenching her fists.
"First you let Kagato take me, then you experiment on me, and now you send me to 
my tormentor for 
HELP?!"

Washu recoiled, her face ashen. 

Yosho's heart quickened. Finally they were getting somewhere.  "Direct your 
anger to the right source, 
Ryoko. It is not Washu who you are angry with."

Ryoko launched to her feet. "The hell I'm not!" she all but screamed.  "I knew 
Kagato was up to 
something!  I knew it!  I tried to tell Mom, but she wouldn't believe me!"

Washu groaned and hid her face in her hands, her own memories of the past 
rushing to her.

"She couldn't get her eyes out of her microscope long enough to discuss it with 
me!" Ryoko ranted.  "She 
told me I was being a brat!"

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry," Washu whispered through her fingers.

Ryoko was hovering now, so agitated that she couldn't keep her powers in check.  
"The night he came, do 
you remember that Washu?  Do you remember me begging you not to let him in the 
house?"

Washu could no longer respond. Her lungs were so tight with misery she could 
barely breathe, let alone 
talk.

"Why were you scared?" Yosho asked quietly.

"Because that bastard had been secretly trying to hack into my system for 
months.  I felt it." Ryoko was 
losing steam now.  Instead of shouting, she spoke in a soft distant voice.  She 
continued to hover, sitting 
Indian style in the air, her blue and yellow kimono tucked under her knees.

"Tell me more."

"It started subtly. A weird feeling here and there. Then one day I was doing 
some homework at Mom's 
office at the Academy, and suddenly I couldn't write anymore.  My hand was 
frozen. I turned around and 
saw Kagato watching me through the glass window of the office door.  His 
expression said everything.  
Then I knew for sure."

Yosho watched Ryoko closely.  "Are you aware you have been calling Washu your 
mother just now?"

Ryoko winced. "I suppose I am."

"You must be very angry at her," Yosho observed.

Ryoko sighed, looking away from Washu.  "Sometimes I hate her."

Washu sucked in a sharp breath.

"Hate is a strong word," Yosho cautioned.

"I know.  Maybe that's not the right word, I'm not very good with words." 
Ryoko's lip quivered 
uncertainly.  "But I used to be, didn't I?"

"You are getting better everyday.  I can see a difference." Yosho smiled 
encouragingly.

Anger was creeping back into Ryoko's voice.  "Just think what I might have been 
like if my past had been 
different.  If Kagato hadn't taken me, I would be smart!  I would be able talk 
as prettily as Ayeka. I would 
be educated."

Washu had removed her hands from her face, and a lone tear was tracing its way 
down her cheek.  This was 
what she had feared the most.  Ryoko could sense the intellectual difference 
between her selves. And the 
memory recovery was only going so far in restoring Ryoko's old knowledge base.  
And beyond that, she 
hadn't been able to further develop it in the last 5,000 years. That must feel 
horrible.

"Just look at me.  I'm just a stupid, ignorant space pirate.  I can't catch up.  
I've lost too much time.  I'll 
never be like Ayeka," Ryoko ranted, tears filling her eyes.

"You want to be like Ayeka?"  Yosho asked in surprise.

"No!" Ryoko shouted.  "I don't want to be a prissy princess.  But I would like 
to be graceful, and.and. 
gentle."

"Really?"  Yosho had never expected this.

Ryoko rolled her eyes and snarled.  "Yes, really.  Do you think I like it that 
everyone is afraid I will destroy 
something every time I get mad?  And whenever something goes wrong around here, 
people just assume 
it's me.  I guess its because I'm so ignorant, what do I know?  And no one 
believes anything I say.  They 
either think I'm stupid, or they don't trust me."

"Ryoko, that's not true." Washu began.

"Stop," Ryoko said dully.  "Just yesterday, in your lab when I said you should 
use the titanium tank for 
your new reactor, you ignored me and used the steel alloy. And when it blew up, 
you didn't even 
acknowledge that I was right."


Washu hung her head, realizing she had completely blown off Ryoko's advice 
without realizing it.  She 
should have paid more attention.  After all, having Ryoko in her lab and 
interested in the proceedings had 
been one of her greatest wishes.  And what did she do?  She railroaded over her 
daughter, just like she did 
everyone else.

"You don't think the 'Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe' would have 
ignored the advice of even 
her most well matched colleagues?" Yosho asked.

Ryoko considered.  "You do have something there.  But my point still stands.  
Because of my past, I turned 
out.badly."

Yosho took a mental note to work on Ryoko's self esteem later.  Right now, they 
needed to work through 
her anger and the pain.  "So, you are angry that this happened to you?"

"Yes, It's like I never had a chance to be angry.  After Kagato took control, it 
didn't take long for him to 
eliminate my emotions.  This is new to me."

Yosho patted Ryoko on the back.  "It's okay to be angry.  But you have to deal 
with it."

"So how.?" Ryoko asked.

"By talking it out.  Talk to your mother." Yosho opened the sliding door and 
stepped outside of his shrine 
office.  "And Ryoko, be respectful."  With that, he shut the door leaving the 
two of them alone.

The women eyed each other uneasily.  They had mastered sharing their thoughts 
with each other in 
moments of extreme emotional crisis, but a calm conversation was new territory 
for them.

"Washu.Mom.look, I don't know how to talk about this.  Let's just drop it.  He 
won't know."

Washu shook her head.  "You are too important to me to let this go.  If we don't 
work this out, things will 
never get better. Don't you want them to get better?"

"Yes.  But this is so hard."

"Well let me start.  You might remember that my physical confinement was longer 
than yours was.  I spent 
5,000 years regretting not listening to you.  Accepting the blame."  Washu hung 
her head.  "I don't usually 
make mistakes like that."

"Why? Why didn't you believe me?" Ryoko asked, lowering her levitation till she 
sat on the floor by 
Washu.

Washu laughed hollowly.  "Because you were in the middle of a horrible, 
adolescent, teenaged attitude 
problem.  Your hormones were so chaotic and strong that you were constantly 
moody and hated everyone.  
Your wildly fluctuating chemical levels interfered with our mental link. 
Everything you said felt like a lie, 
true or not."

Ryoko looked stunned. " I had no idea."

"Of course you didn't! It was a design flaw.  Your Masu genetics were warping 
your natural puberty out of 
control.  I didn't want to worry you about it.  I worked round the clock trying 
to figure out how to stabilize 
your pituitary gland."

"That's what you were so busy with."

Washu grabbed Ryoko's hands desperately.  "Yes.  And you came to me almost every 
15 minutes to 
complain about something.  It was hindering me from helping you, and I was 
worried and frustrated.  And 
sweetie, you and Kagato had never gotten along.  So when you came to complain 
about him, I just lost it.  
And we both paid for that."

Ryoko looked at Washu.  "Look, I know in my mind that you would never have 
allowed this to happen if 
you could have stopped it."  She touched her own chest tentatively.  "But in 
here it hurts so much.  After all 
that has happened.  I must be such a disappointment to you."

"Oh, Ryoko!" Washu enveloped Ryoko in a comforting embrace.  "That's not true."  
Washu struggled to 
find the right, soothing words.  It had been so long since she had acted like a 
mother.  Could she remember 
how to do it?

Ryoko accepted the hug and sniffled into Washu's shirt.  "How can you not be?  
You are so smart, and I 
don't know anything.  I don't even know myself."

Washu stroked Ryoko's back, and as with all mothers the right words rose to her 
lips when she really 
needed them.  "Little Ryoko, I love you so much.  I loved you before you got 
your memories back, when 
you were just the space pirate in your mind.  And I wanted you to love me back.  
Remember?"

Ryoko nodded.

"You see?  I love you for who you are right now.  That's all you need for me.  
If I had wanted a perfect 
replication, I would have just cloned myself.  That would have been easy." Washu 
paused and gently 
tucked a strand of pale blue hair behind Ryoko's ear.

"But I didn't want that, I wanted a unique daughter who was her own person.  And 
my little Ryoko, one 
thing about you that is exactly the same as before is your fierce independence.  
You are your own person, 
just like you were before all the bad things happened."

Ryoko's arms slid around Washu and hugged her back.  "But in the middle, I 
didn't even belong to 
myself." She shivered at the memory.  "I was a marionette."

"And it was my fault that happened to you," Washu whispered into Ryoko's hair.  
"I'm so sorry, I wish I 
had done so many things differently.  Can you ever forgive me, daughter?"

Ryoko tightened her arms.  "Don't be stupid.  I already have."

Washu let out a great breath in relief.  "Thank you, I'll make it up to you, I 
promise."

Ryoko was silent, not really wanting to say that some things just couldn't be 
made up for.  Some things 
were best forgotten.

Washu felt the silence and hurried to fill it.  "First of all, let me tell you I 
have seen big changes in you 
recently.  You don't sound ignorant.  Your vocabulary and reasoning ability have 
risen quite a bit, 67% to 
be exact."

Ryoko pulled back and looked at her mother quizzically.  "You know it that 
precisely?"

"Well, I'm a scientist don't you know.  I've been keeping track of the data."

Ryoko found that very comforting, as it meant that Washu wasn't just being kind.

"Second of all, its time you went back to school. You are absolutely right in 
that you have a lot of catching 
up to do!" Washu said gleefully, pointing one finger into the air as if she had 
stumbled upon a brilliant idea.

"Back to school? Where?" Ryoko asked unhappily. She had really enjoyed her 
freedom lately.

"The Science Academy of course.  You were a student there, you know.  In the 
accelerated program," 
Washu said proudly.

"You want me to leave my Tenchi?!?"  Ryoko bellowed.

"Hold your horses.  We can build a connection to the school through pseudo 
space.  It will be just like 
when Tenchi goes to school.  You can come back every night." Washu grinned.  
Ryoko was so cute when it 
came to Tenchi.

"But.but. school? That sounds like a lot of work!"  Ryoko worried.

Washu lightly cuffed Ryoko's ears.  "Well, yeah it's work.  You don't get to be 
a genius just sitting around.  
Geeze!"

"Well, I don't know if I want to go to school!" Ryoko groused, getting to her 
feet and stalking to the door.

"Well, I'm going to register you right away. For your own good." 

"Whatever," Ryoko said phasing so she could escape through the wall.  

Only instead of going through, she smacked right into it face first.  "Ow!" She 
glared at Washu. "Very 
funny!" With that, she successfully phased through the wall.

"But I didn't do anything," said Washu, concern edging her voice.


Chapter Four

As Ryoko emerged from the shrine office, she saw Tenchi sweeping the walkway.  
He noticed her and 
waved.

"Hey," she said simply as she alighted near him.

Tenchi saw the signs of recent tears in Ryoko's eyes and smiled kindly.  "How 
are you today, Ryoko?"

"Great!  Couldn't be better!" she lied breezily.

"Uh-huh."

"You act like you don't believe me Tenchi," Ryoko said with her lower lip 
jutting out into a firm pout.

Tenchi continued sweeping, and chuckled at her expression.  "Grandpa told me to 
keep an eye on you two."

"Oh. There was no need, my Tenchi.  Washu and I just needed to have a little 
discussion."

"And how did that go?"  Tenchi knew that Ryoko and Washu had been working on 
some very difficult 
issues.  He didn't like to see either of his friends in so much pain.  Grandpa 
kept telling him that this would 
help both of them in the end if they could last through the tough spots.  Tenchi 
just wished it would be 
easier for them.

"Oh!  You care about me!  How sweet!" Ryoko threw her arms around his neck and 
hiked one leg around 
his waist. 

"Ryoko!" Tenchi mock protested, secretly pleased.  It had been a while since she 
had hugged him like this.  
Then he noticed she was just hugging him, and wasn't trying to grope him at all.  
She wasn't even teasing 
him.  "Ryoko?"

"Hmmm?" she asked, distractedly circling a finger on his chest as she stared 
over his shoulder obviously 
lost in thought.

"Is there anything you would like to talk about?"

"Not really," she said snuggling closer, but her heart wasn't in it.

The both turned to look as they heard the door to the office slide open upon 
Washu's exit.

Washu frowned and walked over to them.  "Ryoko? I need to talk to you."

Ryoko frowned. "I'm busy now," she said squeezing Tenchi for emphasis.

Washu pulled up her laptop and typed rapidly.  "Don't worry, this won't 
interfere with your flirting!"

"Mom!"

Washu smiled thinly, but was too worried to get full enjoyment out of 
embarrassing Ryoko.  "How long 
have you been having problems with your powers?"

"I'm not having any problems."

"Ryoko, you just walked into the wall."

"That was the first time. And besides, I was distracted," Ryoko grumbled.

"I hope that's all it is."

"God, don't smother me!"

Tenchi pursed his lips, picking up on Washu's concern.  He looked closer into 
Ryoko's face.  "What's that 
on your nose?"

"Huh? Let me see," Washu said crowding in, almost tipping Tenchi over.  "I don't 
believe it. It's blood 
from when you hit your nose on the wall."

Ryoko rubbed a finger under her nose and looked at the read smear on its tip.  
"So it is. So what?  I've bled 
before."

Washu saved her work and banished her computer.  "Not over a little tap.  
Something is wrong.  We need 
to get to the lab as soon as possible. Let's go," Washu said in a flat, 
professional voice.

"What?  No way!  I'm fine."

"Ryoko, listen to Washu.  It sounds like something is wrong with your powers.  
You should let her check 
you out," Tenchi urged, gently pushing her away.

She snorted. "There is nothing wrong with my powers."

Washu pulled on Ryoko's arm. "Let's go. Now." She was in her full professor mode 
now, power and 
control radiating from her. She would brook no further argument.

"What's up with the two of you?  If you don't believe me, I'll show you!"  Ryoko 
launched herself high 
into the air, stopping to hover and look down at them.

::Get down here this instant.  That isn't safe if your powers are 
malfunctioning,:: Washu thought at her 
sternly.

Ryoko crossed her arms and turned her head to one side, indicating her refusal.

"Come on, Ryoko, this isn't funny!" Tenchi shouted.

Ryoko looked over at him, her expression slightly guilty. She nodded, but 
decided to end with a loop-de-
loop to prove her point.  She arched her back and extended her arms as she flew 
up and over.  As her feet 
were clearing the space her head had been, she suddenly squawked and waved her 
arms.  Losing all 
momentum, she plummeted towards the ground despite her wild flailings to correct 
her position.  Unable to 
pull up, she hit the ground squarely on her right shoulder with a sickening 
crunch. 

"RYOKO!" Washu dashed to her daughter's side.

Tenchi was close behind and they both dropped to their knees beside Ryoko.  Her 
eyes were closed and a 
thin line of blood was dripping from the corner of her mouth.  Her nose was 
bleeding again.

Washu summoned her computer and typed franticly.  "This isn't right.  She 
shouldn't be hurt. She CAN'T 
be hurt by something so minor."

Feeling terribly helpless, Tenchi carefully took Ryoko's hand.  "Wake up Ryoko, 
please wake up."

But he received no response.  Ryoko was out cold.  "Washu, is she going to be 
okay?"

Washu didn't look up or stop typing as she spoke.  "It's hard to say away from 
all of my equipment, but her 
body seems stable.  She won't die from this fall.  But I'm worried about more 
than that."

Ryoko's eyes fluttered open.  "T-tenchi.?"

"I'm here Ryoko," he soothed.  "What do you mean Washu?"

But Washu's attention was all on her daughter now.  "Little Ryoko, how do you 
feel?"

"It hurts. why does it hurt so much?" Ryoko whimpered.

"Just try to relax.  It will be okay."  Washu turned to Tenchi.  "It should be 
okay for you to pick her up, as 
long as you watch her right shoulder. Let's get going."

Soon Ryoko was safely ensconced in a comfortable bed, deep within Washu's lab.  
All around her, 
different diagnostic and monitoring machines whirred and buzzed.  Ryoko slept 
restlessly, the pain 
constantly waking her up.

Near by Washu was busily examining the data from her recent tests.  Something 
was definitely wrong, but 
what was it? Ryoko had a slight fever, only two degrees too high, but Ryoko's 
system should never need to 
vary in temperature.  Ever.  

And her white blood cell count was incredibly elevated.  It was as if her immune 
system was trying 
desperately to fight some infection.  But all of Washu's scans had come up with 
no signs of bacteria or viral 
strains in Ryoko's system. And she wouldn't expect to find any normally. Ryoko's 
blend of Masu and 
human DNA ruled that sort of thing out.  

Even odder were the heavy, mottled brusies that were spreading out on Ryoko's 
body.   It should take more 
than a bad fall to cause these sort of hematomas.  What the hell was going on?

Ryoko groaned and shifted in her sleep, causing Washu to abandon her computer 
and go over to the bed.  
She looked at the IV drip and adjusted its flow so Ryoko could get a slightly 
higher dose of pain 
medication.

"Oh little Ryoko, if you only knew how worried everyone was, then you would know 
for sure how much 
you mean to all of us.  But sleep is what you need right now.  I'll tell you 
later."

Ryoko quickly shifted back into her slumbering state.  Washu tucked the covers 
under her chin and went 
back to her desk.

A soft bell on Washu's computer chimed as the results of another test were done.  
Pulling up the file, 
Washu licked her dry lips.  "Her myelin sheaths are deteriorating?  How 
strange." She paused to think.  
"But that makes sense. No wonder her powers are unreliable.  The Masu energy 
can't flow well under these 
conditions."  She sat back in her chair and pondered.  What was going on?  What 
had changed?  Ryoko had 
been designed to be impervious to illness, yet suddenly she was sick.  

Washu tapped her feet as she thought.  She used to be the leader in genetics 
back in the day.  But that was a 
long time ago.  The field must have moved on, with eager new geniuses to guild 
its progression.  She 
certainly hadn't been keeping up with the literature.  Maybe it was time to call 
in a consult.  Her brow 
furrowed at the thought of so publicly admitting she was behind the times.  But 
that was only her pride.  
Ryoko was far more important than that.  And besides after this was all over, 
she could accompany Ryoko 
to the academy and do some catching up herself.  She pulled up an old 
colleague's email and sent a brief 
missive and attached the data.  Now she could only wait.

"Washu," Ryoko's voice whispered.

Washu quickly got up from her chair and rushed to Ryoko's bedside.  "You should 
be asleep! I gave you 
enough pain medicine to knock you out for days."

"Don't forget how quickly my system metabolizes drugs," Ryoko chuckled weakly.  
"I never could stay 
high for long."

"I don't even want to know about that.  Do you hurt?"

"Yes," Ryoko said evenly.  "But I can take it."  She looked calm and in control, 
barely betraying the 
horrible pain Washu knew she must be in.

Washu sighed, hating to see the tough act as much as she hated not being able to 
sooth her daughter's 
discomfort.  "That's why I wish you could sleep. Then you wouldn't have to 
suffer."

Ryoko smiled, happy to have someone who cared whether she lived or died.  The 
last time she had hurt this 
much, she had been alone in the dark.  "Is there any water?"

Washu went to her desk and poured a fresh cup of tea.  "Will tea do?"

Ryoko nodded, not wasting strength on needless chatter.

Washu sat on the bedside and set the tea on a small table beside it.  She gently 
slid an arm around Ryoko's 
left shoulder and lifted her up.  With the other hand she took the mug of tea 
and pressed it to Ryoko's lips.  
"Take your time.  Drink it slowly."

Ryoko sipped the tea, coughing a little as it hit her dry throat.  She took two 
more sips before Washu took 
the glass away. "Thank you."

"Your welcome, my well mannered little Ryoko," Washu said laying Ryoko back 
down.

"Ouch!  Ryoko whimpered.  "What's wrong with my right shoulder?"

"You fractured your collar bone when you fell."

Ryoko's eyes widened in disbelief.  "You're kidding."

"No."

Fear colored Ryoko's expression, she knew how impossible that was. "What's wrong 
with me?"

Washu closed her eyes briefly, then answered.  "I wish I knew." 

Before Washu could say more, a deep bell chime resonated from the far recesses 
of the lab.  Washu thought 
for a moment and then shook her head.  "Now that's service!"

"What is it?"

Washu walked towards the area of the sound.  "Believe it or not, it's a 
doorbell.  I forgot that I still had a 
door connected to my old office at the Academy.  Be right back." A door appeared 
in front of Washu and in 
a moment she was gone, the door disappearing with her.

Alone at last, Ryoko let her mask fall away and winced. She was in agony, every 
nerve ending seemed to 
radiate an angry heat into her very bones. It even hurt to breathe.  The pain in 
her shoulder paled in 
comparison to this.  Something was very wrong.  Her powers were failing, she had 
actually broken a bone, 
and her internal workings were obviously out of control.  Was Washu's greatest 
experiment finally over?  
Maybe this was how something like her died: It just stopped working, like a 
broken toy.

A rush of air heralded the re-appearance eof the subspace door.  As it swung 
open, Ryoko could hear 
voices.

". sorry it took me so long to let you in Marcus, that door hasn't been opened 
in over five thousand years.  
The lock was rusted tight!"

Out stepped Washu and a kindly looking elderly man who was carrying a small 
leather satchel.

"That's all right Washu.  I figured that you had forgotten it with all you had 
been through," he said as his 
eyes rested on Ryoko who now looked emotionless again.  "And there she is, your 
beautiful daughter.  Do 
you remember me Ms. Hakubi?"

"Dr. Vilella, is that you?" she asked softly.

He chuckled.  "Indeed it is.  Though I half expected you to ask me for some 
candy first."

A tired smile graced Ryoko's lips.  "It's good to see you."

Washu stood by silently while Dr. Vilella sat on the edge of Ryoko's bed and 
gently took her hand.  "It's 
good to see that you have been freed from your torments my dear.  I have fretted 
much over you since we 
last met."

"You knew I was controlled?"

"I suspected.  Kagato left a few clues that those with the eyes to see could 
understand.  And the sweet child 
I knew was not the space pirate we all saw on the news."

Ryoko's smile strengthened as her heart warmed. It felt so good to know that the 
entire universe had not 
given up on her.

"Alas, no one would believe a handful of eccentric academics when we went to the 
Galaxy Police. I'm 
sorry."

Ryoko squeezed his hand.  "You tried.  That means more to me than you will ever 
know."  A single tear 
glistened in the corner of her eye, refusing to fall.

Dr. Vilella peered down at her with a kind smile.  "And now I hear you are sick. 
Can't you stay out of 
trouble?"

Ryoko shrugged, then winced as the pain in her right shoulder flared.

Dr. Villella touched her collarbone lightly.  "Try not to aggravate that 
fracture, little one.  I have a few 
questions to ask you.  And if you are a good girl I have a lollipop for you."

Ryoko rolled her eyes but asked, "Strawberry?"

"We shall see.  First, have you been feeling unusually cold or hot lately?"

Ryoko considered.  "Well, I guess I have been feeling cold.  But I noticed the 
most, oh, about a month ago.  
I was really cold for a couple of days.  Then it got better, but now that I 
think about it, it didn't completely 
go away."

"A month ago? Why didn't you say anything to me?  You are not supposed to feel 
cold!" Washu 
demanded, her unhappiness clear in the rising pitch of her voice.

"Washu, you know I expel misbehaving parents. Please behave," Dr. Vilella said 
firmly.

"Sorry, Marcus," Washu said crossing her arms and staring at the floor.

"Now where were we? Oh yes. have you been feeling tired?  I forget, do you need 
to sleep at all?"

Ryoko tapped her chin with a finger and thought back.  "Not normally.  But 
again, about a month ago I fell 
asleep without trying.  That's very unusual."

"I'll say," Washu muttered.

"Washu, please.  I need to get a decent medical history here."

Instead of replying, Washu marched over to her chair and dragged it back to her 
computer. She plopped 
down and started typing.

Dr. Vilella winked at Ryoko.  " Have you been sick at all, any colds?"

"Not really. I don't get sick like that," Ryoko responded.

Washu spun around in her chair.  "Wait, that's not true!  Remember when we were 
talking on the roof 
about three weeks ago?  You sneezed!"

"I did?"

"Yes, you did.  I can't believe I didn't see that for what it was," Washu said 
yanking on her hair in 
agitation.

"Hmmmm.  Thank you for your help, Ryoko."  Dr. Vilella dug in his pocket.  "And 
as I promised, here is 
your treat." He offered Ryoko a bright red sucker.

Just like in the old days, Ryoko had the cellophane off in a flash and the 
sucker tucked into the pouch of her 
cheek.  She sucked on it nosily, and it soon became apparent that she was 
drifting away into sleep.  Before 
long her breathing deepened and her eyes sagged shut.

Dr. Vilella smiled.  "She never was big on 'thank-you', was she Washu?" he asked 
as he got to his feet and 
joined the distraught scientist at her computer.

"Thank goodness she's finally asleep.  How did you do it?"  Washu sighed, 
resting her head on her hand.

"That lollipop has an advanced opiate hybrid bonded to the sugar.  It's the bond 
that will keep her 
metabolism from expelling the medicine so quickly.  She should be out until the 
candy completely 
dissolves, or you remove the lollipop."

"Was it really strawberry flavored?" she asked softly.

"Of course."

"You were always good with details, Sensei."

Dr. Vilella patted Washu on the back.  "You haven't called me that since you 
left for your post doctorate 
training. You must be worried."

"I am.  I finally get my daughter back, and now I'm afraid she is dying. Can you 
help me?" Washu sniffed, 
holding back tears. It would be so easy just to break down and cry on the 
shoulder of this man who had 
been first her teacher and second her most trusted colleague.

Dr. Vilella folded his arms around Washu and held her close.  "First let me say 
how happy I am to see my 
favorite student back from the dead.  We all thought you were lost."

Washu hugged him back.  "Thank you, Marcus.  I'm sorry I didn't contact you 
after I was freed.  My hands 
were full with Ryoko.  She was very changed."

Dr. Vilella let Washu go and sat on a chair next to her.  "I know.  Your family 
has always come first with 
you.  As a myopic scientist, I have always admired you for your balance."

Washu laughed wryly.  "Ryoko would not agree with you I fear.  I've changed 
too."

"Little Washu, how could you not?"

Washu nodded, and went back to the important matter at hand.  "Do you know 
what's wrong with her?"

"Indeed I do. Your data and her history confirmed my guess.  We have been seeing 
this reaction in certain 
creations like her recently." 

He paused as he saw Washu's lips tighten and her back go ram-rod straight.  "Be 
calm, Washu.  I know you 
do not like that word applied to your daughter.  But fundamentally, she is a 
creation of a certain type, and 
defining her as such will help us understand her problems."

With a terse jerk of her chin, Washu nodded for him to continue.

"Her cells, her very molecular structure, are degrading.  It is much like cancer 
in humanoids."

Washu grinned.  "Well that's a relief!  Cancer is easy to cure!"

Dr. Vilella held up a cautionary hand.  "It's not the same, and there is no 
cure."

"Wh-what?"

"So far, we have only been able to buy these children of science some extra 
time."

Tears began to gather in Washu's eyes.  "How long?"

"Maybe six months. Maybe less."

A single tear splashed on her cheek.  "Why is this happening?"

Dr. Vilella cracked a knuckle.  "The only common thread we can find is excessive 
manipulation.  If these 
creations have had their systems frequently adjusted, changed, or calibrated, 
the organic tissue cannot 
handle the stress.  The cells stop replicating correctly, and abnormal cells 
predominate until the body shuts 
down."

"You mean 'dies'," Washu groaned, rubbing away her tears.  "Again, this is the 
work of Kagato!  I was 
enough of a scientist to know that her system would not tolerate excessive 
experimentation." She leaned 
forward and buried her face in her lap. "Damn him to hell for all he has done."

Dr. Vilella laid a comforting hand on her back.  "I'm sorry.  This is why I came 
right away and in person.  I 
wanted to tell you myself, even though there are others who are more 
knowledgeable."

Washu sobbed into her knees, a deep keening that rose from her heart and tore 
through her mouth like a lost 
soul fleeing Hades.  "I can't do this again. I can't bear it."

Dr. Vilella brushed a tear from his own eye.  "I wish I could help. Ryoko 
deserves so much more.  Before 
you disappeared, she was like a granddaughter to me.  I've adored that child 
since she was a concept I told 
you would never work."

Washu froze.  "Wait a minute!" she called out around her tears.  You said there 
were others like her, but 
how could that be?  As far as I know there is only one like Ryoko."

"Things have changed Washu. Don't forget how long your - sabbatical - was.  
Others have followed your 
path."

Washu looked up, her eyes flashing.  "How closely did they follow though?  Tell 
me, what are the basic life 
base components of these other children?"

"Well, it's mostly a mix of human DNA and minerals, sometimes cybernetics."

"Aha!" Washu leapt to her feet, her long hair swaying with her movement.  "But 
you see, they are not the 
same at all!  Ryoko was made from my ovum and MASU genes!  She is very 
different."

Dr. Vilella thought quickly.  "You are right. No one else was able to harness 
the Masu's energy without 
mass destruction.  This next generation of children is more stable, but much 
more mechanical."

Washu grabbed his lapels and pushed him against the wall.  "Don't tell me to 
give up on my own daughter!  
There is a lot of work to do, and you had better help me, or I will do something 
I won't regret!"

Dr. Vilella smiled and snapped his fingers.  A sudden blue web of energy gently 
plucked Washu off of his 
jacket and held her safely suspended in front of him. "Calm down. And try not to 
forget who taught you 
everything you know."

Washu struggled against her bonds. "Let me go!  I need to help her. I can save 
her, I know it!"

"Washu Hakubi, your ego was always your biggest problem.  You cannot do this on 
your own.  I'll admit 
that I have more hope than before, but we need all the help we can get.  She 
needs to go to the Science 
Academy so the experts can help her as a team."

"But I'm her mother!" she shouted as she pounded the web with her fists.

"As such, you are biased and incapable of the sort of detached thought necessary 
to solve this puzzle."

Washu screamed in frustration.  "I need to be there for her this time!  It has 
to be me!"

"Is your pride worth her life, Washu?" he asked quietly.

Washu stopped moving, mid punch and slowly lowered her fists. "Of course not."

"Then send her to us.  Let us help her."

"Can't I come too?" she asked in a small voice.

"Not for now.  You will be in the way."

Washu hung her head, hating this helpless feeling.  She hadn't felt this way in 
a very long time.  But still, it 
had to be done.  Too much was at stake.  "Fine, take her. But I am holding you 
personally responsible for 
her well being." She looked up, and the fierce glint in her eyes spoke of her 
seriousness.

"A responsibility I accept gladly.  But she cannot come with me.  I don't want 
to risk the effects of a 
pseudo space transition on her unstable cells. She will have to come the old 
fashioned way."

Washu crossed her arms and tried to be cool. "So what do we need to do?"

Assured that Washu was past her fit, Dr. Vilella released her.  "We stabilize 
her condition tonight, and send 
her to Jurai on your fastest ship tomorrow."

"Then let's get started," Washu said grimly, reaching for a pair of rubber 
gloves.  "That is, if you will allow 
me to assist."

Chapter Six

The lights were dim in the hospital wing of Washu's lab.  Cool air flowed 
silently from hidden vents, and 
from the audio system came the sound of a sparrow's chirp.  All of this had been 
done to ensure Ryoko's 
comfort.  She was so afraid of lightness isolation that Washu had programmed 
these little details into the 
environment so Ryoko would not dream of the cave while she endured her enforced 
slumber.

"Ryoko.Ryoko. can you wake up a little?" An adult Washu whispered into her 
daughter's ear.

Ryoko stirred a little, muttering under her breath.

"Ryookooo.." Washu said again, drawing out the name in a fond mother's whisper.  
She softly stroked 
Ryoko's cheek, letting physical sensation anchor Ryoko to the wakeful world.

Ryoko's eyes fluttered, and opened minutely.  "Hmmmphf?"

Washu brushed Ryoko's bangs out of her eyes and spoke simply so her drug addled 
mind could 
comprehend.  "You are very sick.  You have been sleeping.  You need to go away 
so you can get better."

Ryoko's eyes closed again, but she replied.  "Go 'way?"

"Yes.  You have to go and get help."  Washu placed a small kiss on Ryoko's 
forehead.

"You coming ?" Ryoko asked groggily.

Washu bit her lips and tried to hide her own pain.  "No sweetie, I need to help 
you from here."

Ryoko's eyes snapped open, more lucid than before.  "You're leaving me?" she 
quavered.

"No, I'm not leaving you.  I'm sending you ahead.  I'll come later. Soon, 
sweetie, I'll come soon," Washu 
whimpered, her own pain almost too much to take.  

A fat tear worked its way out of Ryoko's eye and slowly coursed down her cheek.  
"Don't leave me behind.  
Please don't leave me again," she sobbed weakly, her voice barely above a 
whisper.  It was clear that she 
had not completely woken up, and was caught somewhere between dreams and 
memories.

Washu sank down to her knees and looked Ryoko in the eye.  "I'm not leaving you.  
I promise."  

Ryoko wasn't coming out of it.  That medicine had worked too well.  Washu pulled 
a syringe of enhanced 
epinephrine from a dimensional pocket and quickly injected the hormone into the 
fleshy part of Ryoko's 
upper arm.

Ryoko winced, and lifted a weak hand to touch Washu's cheek.  "Don't you love me 
anymore?"

Washu choked and grabbed Ryoko's hand and pressed it to her lips.  Even with as 
much progress as she 
and Ryoko had recently made, they still rarely spoke of love.  "Don't be silly.  
I love you more than 
anything."

"Then don't make me go.  He'll hurt me."

"Washu?  Who will hurt her?" asked Tenchi from behind Washu.  He had come to 
tell her the ship was 
ready.

"It's the drugs," Washu whispered.  "She's in another reality.  I think she 
means Kagato."

"Momma, I don't trust him.  He'll do something bad."

Washu kissed Ryoko's hand again.  "I believe you.  I believe you, you hear me?  
I won't let Kagato 
anywhere near you ever again."

Ryoko settled into a quieter state as her body began to shake off the opiate, 
but watched her mother with 
innocent eyes. She was clearly confused and worried.  "Then why make me leave?"

Washu tucked Ryoko snugly into her blankets and tried to explain again.  "Listen 
and try to remember.  
You are going to the Science Academy because you are very sick.  I can't come 
for very good reasons.  
Tenchi is going with you instead.  He will make sure nothing bad happens to 
you," she soothed.  She 
looked back over her shoulder, her eyes narrowing.  "Right, Tenchi?"

Tenchi gulped and scratched his head.  "Right Washu!"  He looked over her 
shoulder at the weak creature 
that barely resembled his good friend.  "Don't worry Ryoko, no one will hurt you 
with me around."

Ryoko looked up at him, recognition flaring in her eyes.  "Tenchi?"

"Hi, Ryoko," Tenchi said quietly, not really knowing what else to say.

Washu saw the increasing lucidity creeping into Ryoko's eyes as her wakeful 
system was burning off the 
painkillers.  There was something she needed to say.  Something Ryoko needed to 
understand.  Then 
Ryoko could sleep again.

She used her index finger to tilt Ryoko's face closer.  "Ryoko, I cannot go.  I 
want to come more than 
anything, but it would cause more harm than good.  I have no choice. Please 
don't ask me to explain.  Just 
understand."

Ryoko nodded, very much herself again.  "I think I know why. But I don't want to 
leave you, not now."

"I'll come as soon as the doctors give me the green flag.  I'll come as soon as 
I can."

"Thank you.  Please hurry," Ryoko tried to smile, but she looked numb.

"I will.  Now open your mouth for another pain lozenge." Washu took a sheet of 
the pills out of her pocket 
and popped a dose out of its protective foil.

"I'd rather not."

"But Ryoko. the pain.." Washu gripped the opiate drop in her palm.  "Your last 
dose hasn't completely 
worn off yet.  It gets worse, trust me."

"I know. But I don't like sleeping all of the time."

"But.."

"I've slept enough in my life." Some of the world-weariness was creeping back 
into her eyes, reminding 
Washu of Ryoko's many trials.  She knew more than enough to make an informed 
choice.

Washu nodded in uneasy assent.  "That makes sense. It's time to go then." She 
handed the package of pain 
killers to Tenchi.

Ryoko looked away.  "I." she trailed off into silence.

Washu backed away and held her hands behind her back.  She didn't even attempt 
to speak as Tenchi 
gently pushed the hovering bed towards the lab door.  Knives of guilt and 
remorse stabbed through her 
heart as she watched Ryoko go.  Even though she had no choice, it felt like she 
was once again abandoning 
her daughter.  She opened her mouth to speak, to say good-bye, but no words 
would come.  What if she 
never saw her little Ryoko alive again?  How could she waste this chance to 
spend every possible moment 
with her?

"Mother," Ryoko said firmly, and Tenchi stopped pushing for a moment.  "You are 
broadcasting again."

With a start, Washu slammed shut her telepathic link to Ryoko and blushed.

Ryoko smiled, her eyes glassy with the pain she was now feeling more intensely.  
"So what? Now I know.  
I know they won't let you come because you are a damned bossy, know- it-all.  
It's okay.  I'd figured."

Washu smiled tightly, knowing Ryoko was putting up a brave front for her.  
However, if this made the 
parting easier for Ryoko, Washu could pretend too.  "Show some respect, please."  
She paused.  "Let's go, 
then."

Soon they were out on the lawn, gathered before the transformed cabbit, a strong 
breeze toying with their 
hair and whipping their garments around with a capricious whim.

Ayeka came forward and kissed Ryoko on the cheek.  Ryoko jerked away, mostly out 
of surprise, then 
smiled at her friend.  "Don't get all mushy on me, princess."

Ayeka returned the smile and handed Ryoko a book.  It seemed like an adventure 
story, but embedded in it 
were many lessons about deportment and graceful manners.  Ayeka knew more about 
the pirate's desires 
than other people thought.

Ryoko looked at the book with interest.  "What's this for?"

Ayeka covered her face with her hand and sniffed.  "To give you something to do 
besides harass Lord 
Tenchi on your journey," she said haughtily and stepped back so Sasami could 
speak to Ryoko.  Ryoko 
smiled and caressed the book.  Maybe reading could help her forget the pain.

Sasami came forward and handed Ryoko a cloth wrapped bento box, and burst into 
childish tears.  "I made 
this for you in case you get hungry.  Please get better.  You have to come back, 
you just have to!"  She 
leaned forward and cried into Ryoko's lap.

Ryoko patted her head with loving strokes.  "Aw, don't cry for me Sasami.  I'll 
be okay.  I promise."

Sasami sniffed and backed away.   "You'd better, or I'm not cooking for you 
anymore. Ever!" she 
threatened fiercely, rubbing away her tears.

"Thanks Kiddo, for everything," Ryoko said, waving the bento box at Sasami.  
Sasami burst into tears 
again and threw her arms around Ayeka, crying into her sash.

Ryoko frowned and reached a trembling hand towards the little girl.  Ayeka shook 
her head firmly and 
hugged her sister.  "She will be okay.  You know how tender she is.  Don't 
worry."

Washu approached her daughter, her eyes deep pools of conflict.  "I hate to see 
you go.  I'll come as soon 
as I can.  The very moment they say so, I'm going through the pseudo space 
connection.  I'll be there in 
minutes."

Ryoko nodded bravely, not trusting herself to speak.  One fang protruded from 
her upper lip and worried 
her lower lip, betraying her mental state.

Washu took a deep breath, and summoned her ability to act silly.  This had to be 
kept light, for Ryoko's 
sake.  "So you listen to the professors and do what they say!  No back talk, no 
attitudes, no inappropriate 
nudity.  These people will be your teachers when you get better, so make a good 
impression!" she lectured.  
"If you don't I'll hear about it!"

"Okay, okay. Fine," Ryoko pretended to grouse.  "Let's just go.  I can't stand 
all of this chatter."

Washu caught Tenchi's eye and motioned for him to beam the two of them up and 
get on with it. Long 
good byes just hurt more.  He nodded, and soon he and Ryoko were inside the 
ship.  Everyone on the 
ground could see Ryoko propped up by a window, looking down at them. 

 As Ryo-Ohki lifted into the air, Washu saw a sorrowful Ryoko pressing both of 
her hands against the glass 
as they pulled away.  Just like she had done as a baby and wanted out of the 
birthing chamber.  Even worse, 
it was just as Ryoko had done after Kagato had imprisoned Washu in a crystal.  
That was one of her worst 
memories. 

At first Ryoko had often sent her astral form to try and communicate with Washu 
in the reversed 
dimension.  But Washu could not respond, for a long time even their link had 
been severed by Kagato. She 
could still hear Ryoko crying and begging for Washu to help her, to make the 
nightmare stop.  Seeing 
Ryoko in that headspace again threatened to break her heart..

. From inside the crystal, even though her eyes were shut, Washu could see her 
direct surroundings.  It 
wasn't natural, so it had to be a little torture Kagato had cooked up for her.  
Imprisoned in her own mind, 
Washu fretted.  How was she going to get out?  What was happening to Ryoko? It 
was maddening to have 
their link severed like this.  She spent every moment caught between trying to 
find away out of her cell, and 
worrying about her daughter.  She wished she knew what was happening.  There was 
no sense of time here. 
Days or years might be passing!  What was happening?  How was Ryoko faring?

And when that question was answered, she immediately regretted it.  With a 
familiar sound of matter 
transfer, Ryoko's astral form teleported into the reversed world. Washu mentally 
cried out in despair at 
what she saw.  Ryoko, her little girl, was standing before her, obviously beaten 
and starved.

She wore her training suit, and it sagged from her skinny frame.  Ryoko had lost 
so much weight. That 
bastard was starving her.  But even worse was the collection of fresh and 
scabbed over abrasions on 
Ryoko's face.  Limping, Ryoko approached the crystal and laid both palms against 
its smooth surface.

"Mom, is that you?  Mom, are you hurt?"

Anxious eyes peered in at Washu, who appeared to be either dead or sleeping.

"Answer me, please!  Don't leave me here!  You have to help me!"  Big tears 
rolled out of Ryoko's eyes. 
"Help me! Help me, please.  Mommmy!"  Her speech was getting hysterical as she 
slid into a crumpled 
heap at the base of the crystal, sobbing inconsolably.  "I want to die.  Please 
let me die."

Washu clawed at the barriers around her mind, trying to tear free. I'm here!  
Hang on little Ryoko!  Hang 
on!  Damn, she was sealed in perfectly. She couldn't get out. She could only 
watch, nothing more.

"So there you are my daughter," said a hated voice.  "What have I told you about 
coming in here?"  Kagato 
appeared behind Ryoko with an angry frown.

"I'm not your daughter!" Ryoko hissed and struggled to her feet.  "What did you 
do to my mother? Why 
won't she answer me?"

"Well, stupid girl, that would be because she is dead."

"No!"

"Oh, yes. I killed her, and keep her down here as a trophy.  And unless you want 
to end up the same way, I 
suggest you return to me on the other side."

"Mom! Mom!  Show me he is wrong!  Do something!" Ryoko choked out. "Do anything. 
Just move a little. 
Please don't be dead." Ryoko shouted pressing her face against the crystal.

Kagato snapped his fingers and Ryoko froze.

"Honestly, Washu.  What a horrible mother you are.  This child is so prone to 
histrionics.  Whatever was 
your point?" Kagato wondered out loud.

Washu growled silently, her fury knowing no words.

"You have nothing to say?  Well that's a first."  Kagato smirked.  "It's been 
two weeks, and already your 
little machine is showing so much progress. Watch."

He cleared his throat. "Ryoko! Come to me!"

Ryoko's head snapped up, her eyes a deep, poisoned green.  Her fangs were 
suddenly protruding from her 
lips and half-crouching she stalked over to Kagato and awaited her next command.

Washu hated the changes.  The ferralness and predatory behavior were new, and 
terribly disturbing.  He 
was making Ryoko into an animal, stripping away her humanity.  And it had only 
been two weeks.

"Ryoko, kneel!"

She did so, staring blankly ahead.  Expressionless, Kagato kicked her hard in 
the ribs, sending her scudding 
across the floor.

"Ryoko, what do we say?"

"Thank-you," she stated tonelessly.

"Good girl. Now come back for more.  Crawl. "  He switched his gaze to Washu.  
"Amazing isn't it? She's 
like a whole new person.  When I kicked her before, she just tattled to you.  
My, how the tables have 
turned.  And you can't stop me, Washu."

Crawling on her knees, almost back to him, Ryoko's eyes cleared.  She shook her 
head and staggered to her 
feet.  "Stop doing that to me!"  She pivoted away and ran towards Washu.

Washu's heart soared. Ryoko was resisting. There was hope!

"Damn!" Kagato shouted and shot a bolt of energy from his hand. It hit Ryoko 
squarely in the back, 
knocking her face first into the crystal, her nose breaking from the impact with 
a gruesome splatter of 
blood.  Ryoko slid to the floor, unconscious.

Kagato's astral form strode over and roughly lifted the girl into his arms.  
"Damn you for all of that free 
will you gave this thing, Washu.  I will stomp it out. I will crush it out of 
her, with my own fists if I have 
to!" He whirled away, his robes flaring, and teleported away.

Washu was alone again. With no way not to see, she watched her daughter's blood 
dry into a deep brown 
crust as she helplessly listened to the silence..


Shaking her head to chase away that horrid memory, Washu cracked her knuckles 
and stalked back to her 
lab without another word to the others.  There was plenty to do on this end, and 
this time she was not a 
helpless fool.  Even so, her body was shrinking as she walked. Shrinking back to 
the body size that she had 
once worn to protect herself from despair.

Chapter Seven

Aboard Ryo-Ohki Ryoko closed her eyes and tried to imagine what it felt like not 
to hurt.  She could feel 
her very mitochondria heave and twist as they tried to keep up with the energy 
demands of her mutating 
cells.  She could feel that extra energy spilling uselessly into the synapses of 
her nerves as the natural 
conductors had long since eroded away.  That was the source of the fire beneath 
her skin. And the more 
energy that was wasted, the harder her cells tried to make more. Her pain was 
getting worse, and she was 
getting weaker.

"Ryoko, can I do anything for you?" asked Tenchi's voice, his worry clear in his 
quiet tones.

She opened her eyes again, feeling the bruised circles under them ache as her 
skin stretched.  She must look 
like hell.  She almost asked for him to leave her alone, but then she understood 
how doing nothing was 
hurting him.

"I'm thirsty," she said quietly.  

So quickly that she suspected he had the water ready and waiting, Tenchi pressed 
a glass of water to her 
lips.  She drank gratefully, slowly draining the cup.  She took great care not 
to look at him while she drank, 
and turned away to watch the stars slide by the window when she had finished.  
Being helpless did not sit 
well with her.

But instead of going away like she had hoped, Tenchi sat quietly at her side, 
making no demands of her, 
just being there.

She looked at him out the corner of her eye, not turning her head.  He just sat 
there, watching her, his arms 
balanced on his knees, the empty cup held loosely in both hands.  He saw her 
look and smiled.

"Why did you come?" she asked.

"Because you needed me."

She tried to laugh, but came out only as a small puff of air. "I don't need 
anyone."

Tenchi scooted his chair closer and earnestly peered into her face.  "Ryoko. 
stop.  I know you better than 
that."

She looked away, out at the beautiful stars.  "I suppose you do," she grumbled.  
"Let's just look at the 
stars."  Then a whisper, "I love the stars."

Without a word, Tenchi took her hand in his and gave it a squeeze.  He directed 
his gaze out the window 
and enjoyed the view. As he watched, his heart softened even more towards Ryoko.  
Even at her toughest, 
she had always loved the stars.  It had been his first clue that any softness 
existed beneath that crusty 
persona she projected to the world. How well he remembered stumbling across her 
in the carrot patch one 
evening.  She was lying on the ground and for once was not intoxicated.  She had 
been so absorbed in her 
stargazing that she had barely acknowledged him.  That had been quite a 
surprise, and for the first time he 
had begun to think of her as more than a pirate.  He was having even more of 
thoughts now.

Ryoko let her mind wander as the stars flew past the window.  The stars 
represented peace to her.  When 
Kagato wasn't teaching her, or she wasn't busy carrying out orders, she would 
teleport out of the Soujya 
and float weightlessly in the nothingness of space.  All around her, the 
twinkling dots of distant stars and 
the closer giant balls of burning gas would dazzle her with their beauty.  It 
was all so pure, so unreachable 
that she could pretend that she was a star too.  She could hide as a small light 
hidden amongst billions of 
brighter lights, so insignificant that no one would notice her, or even care if 
they did.  

There had been a time during her enslavement that she had tried to kill herself.  
That had been the only 
reasonable method of escape back then.  But Kagato had found her in time to 
repair the damage, then inflict 
his own as punishment.  From that moment on her life was lost to her. So the 
stars had become her only 
escape.  Suspended in the blanket of space, she could come as close to nihilism 
as possible, and exist 
without thought, a small speck of energy in the cosmos.

Even from within her introspection, she became aware of Tenchi's grip and 
flushed.  So much had 
changed.  While she still loved the stars, she no longer wanted to be one.  She 
was reawakening to her very 
own sense of self, and found that existence for its own sake was worth 
everything she had been through, 
even if she was struggling with her sense of identity.   The understated 
strength in Tenchi's grasp, the 
simple human contact, this was something for which she would endure her old 
torments a thousand times 
over.

"What are you thinking about?" Tenchi asked.

"How lucky I am."

Tenchi took her other hand.  "You've got to be kidding!"

Ryoko leveled a weary gaze at him.  "I don't expect you to understand this, but 
I am lucky Tenchi."

"How can you say that?" His voice raced up the scale to land in an incredulous 
pitch.  "Life has been so 
unfair to you, Ryoko."

She licked her lips and coughed. "Unfair yes, but things have worked out for me, 
better than I had ever 
hoped, my Tenchi."

"In what way?"

Well, I have you.  I have a mother again.  I have people who care about me. Me. 
The most hated person in 
the universe has a family, she thought to herself.  Out loud she only made a 
little contented sound and 
shrugged.  There were some things she wasn't ready to say, even to Tenchi.

Tenchi released her hands and opened the bento box Sasami had sent along.  He 
could tell Ryoko was done 
talking for now and didn't want to push.  "Hungry?"

"Not really."

He selected a plump tuna roll and waved it so the aroma would waft under her 
nose.  "Not even hungry for 
Sushi?"

Ryoko turned a pale green and retched. She pinched her nose with one hand and 
weakly waved away the 
fish with another hand.  Her eyes scrunched shut she groaned, "Take it away."

Tenchi hurriedly removed the offending food from her vicinity, quickly reminded 
that however tough a 
face Ryoko put on, she was very, very sick.  "Ryoko, please, you need to eat."

Nausea still lying heavy upon her, Ryoko shook her head no.

Determined, Tenchi refilled the glass of water, and used a fresh pair of 
chopsticks to select a plain rice ball.  
"Come on, try."

Ryoko opened her eyes and regarded the rice ball with a look that would have 
been better directed at a 
rotten slab of meat.  "I don't want it."

"I'm worried about you. Won't you do this for me?"

Ryoko nodded her assent with a sigh, steeling herself to ignore the lancing pain 
already tormenting the 
back of her throat.  She couldn't really deny Tenchi anything.

Which was what he was counting on, for her sake.  

She had slumped down from her seated position, so Tenchi sat by her on the bed 
and used his own body, 
one arm behind her back, to support her.  He first gave her a drink to moisten 
her dry pallet, and then 
pressed the rice ball to her lips. She took a tiny bite, chewed and winced as 
the rice abraded the tender 
lining of her throat when she swallowed.  Tenchi noticed this and gave her more 
water to wash the food 
down.

As she took her next nibble, Tenchi murmured, "You can take some pain 
medication, you know."

Ryoko shook her head and continued forcing herself to eat.  "If I have to die 
Tenchi, I want to be awake 
when it happens."

Tenchi stiffened and held her closer.  "Don't talk that way. You are not going 
to die."

"Like you would care," she grumbled, the elevated pain making her irritable.  

Tenchi put down the food and carefully grasped both of Ryoko's shoulders.  
"Hey," he said sternly.  "I 
care."

Ryoko looked into his eyes and saw more than she had ever hoped to see.  "Do 
you?" she asked hopefully.

She looked so vulnerable just then. So needy.  And he was feeling the same.  
Ever since she got her 
memories back, he had seen more of her true self. Things he had only seen in a 
rare flash before.  His 
confused feelings for this woman had begun to clarify in the last few months.  
Of course, that was when she 
had begun to need him less, spending more time with Washu or up on her rafter 
reading.  He had missed 
her, even as he fell in love with her, wondering if he had missed his chance.  
Now she was going to die 
unless a group of unknown scientists could find a cure. 

His head had drifted closer to hers as he thought and he felt the warmth of her 
breath on his lips.  Her eyes 
were wide with surprise and still locked with his. He could tell by her 
expression that she had not expected 
this to happen. Yet she wasn't pulling away, and the current of air mingling 
with his own was coming more 
rapidly now.  Maybe there was still hope.

"I care very much," he whispered hoarsely.  He shut his eyes and closed the 
distance between them, 
pressing his lips to hers in a gentle kiss.  He felt her sharp intake of breath, 
then felt her body relax as she 
leaned into him.  Her lips felt wonderful beneath his own and tasted faintly of 
strawberries.  This kiss was 
firm, they were connected by the soft skin of their mouths, both of them 
yielding and pressing 
simultaneously.  Following his instincts, Tenchi pulled his lips away slightly 
and captured her upper lip 
between them.  Ryoko sounded a little cry and rubbed the tip of her tongue along 
his bottom lip.

Preparing to further deepen the kiss, Tenchi gripped her shoulders tightly.

Ryoko cried out in pain and pulled away, breaking the kiss.

Letting go instantly, Tenchi opened his eyes to see a set of angry bruises on 
her shoulders.  They were his 
handprints.  "Oh, no. I'm sorry, Ryoko," he said on the verge of tears.

Ryoko looked down at her shoulders and winced.  It looked as bad as it felt.  
"It wasn't you Tenchi, I think 
my platelets are almost gone.  Washu said this might happen."

"Say it so I can understand it!" he demanded franticly.

"My blood can't clot anymore.  So I will bruise very easily."

"Does that mean if you were cut, that you would bleed to death?"

Ryoko closed her eyes and nodded. 

"Ryo-Ohki, we need to go faster!" Tenchi shouted.

The cabbit responded with an agonized meow and the sudden change in momentum 
almost threw Tenchi 
off the bed.  The stars were streaking past the windows at a dizzying speed.

"Ryo-Ohki can't keep this up very long," Ryoko whispered, slumping against 
Tenchi.

"She'd do anything for you," Tenchi said laying Ryoko down.  "As would I."

Despite the pain, the taste and feeling of the kiss was still upon her lips. Why 
had he kissed her now of all 
times?  "Tenchi, I don't need your pity."

Tenchi slid off the bed and kneeled next to it, smoothing Ryoko's hair.  "That 
wasn't pity."

She smiled then, her eyes bright with unshed tears. "Ten-chi." It was clear the 
pain was worsening 
quickly now.

He offered her a pain lozenge.  "Please take this.  There is no need to suffer."

"N-no."

"Ryoko, please.  I'll be here when you wake up. I promise."

Looking lost, Ryoko opened her mouth and Tenchi slid the drop under her tongue.  
He leaned forward and 
kissed her softly.  "Rest now. Dream of strawberries and sake."

Almost immediately her eyes sagged shut, and her breathing evened out into long 
full breaths.  She was 
asleep now.  The next challenge would be to wake her up.

Chapter Eight

A deep green light encased Ryoko's body and bed as the several scientists and 
students stood around her 
and pondered her condition. As she lay motionless several monitors kept track of 
her vital stats.

"Professor Washu was correct!" exclaimed a tall woman with shocking lemon hair 
tied back into a tight 
bun.  "The Masu energies make this case completely different from the others."

"Yes, but I think it makes it worse. Those inherently chaotic energies are even 
less stable in a situation like 
this.  She is degrading rapidly," replied a thin man with no hair at all.

Dr. Vilella leaned close to a monitor and clucked his tongue.  "I would agree 
with you, but something about 
her humanoid DNA is protecting her from this. Something I don't really 
understand."

The others peered at the monitor.  

"You see?  This is really a triple helix form, not the standard double.  The 
third loop mostly hides behind 
the second, but if you look here and here," he pointed, "you can see the third 
strand arching out a little."

"What does that mean, Sensei?" asked a shy graduate student from the edge of the 
crowd. To be allowed in 
here with such prestigious scientists was such an honor that she barely dared to 
speak.  "I mean, isn't half 
of her genetic material human?"

"Ah, Diamie, good question.  You see, her mother isn't exactly human."

The young woman tilted her head questioningly.  "But. I have seen holograms of 
the great Dr. Hakubi. 
she seemed very human."

Dr, Vilella smiled gently.  "When you meet her, you understand what I mean."

Diamie gasped.  "She's coming here?  The GREAT DR. HAKUBI?"  She looked like she 
might faint.

He chuckled.  "Yes, any minute."

Almost before he had finished speaking, a loud ruckus emanated from the hall. 
They could hear a shrill, 
feminine voice shouting, " Get out of my way. I do not sign autographs," 
accompanied by the sounds of 
people being shoved away.

The door to the lab slammed open and, a panting adolescent Washu stormed in, her 
bright red hair swirling 
around her head like an angry cloud.  Her face twisted into an odd mix of anger 
and concern as she scanned 
the crowd and demanded. "Where is my daughter?"  The crowd parted to reveal 
Ryoko.

Dr. Vilella stepped forward and placed a calming hand on Washu's shoulder. "I 
take it you got my 
message? Thank you for coming so quickly."

"What's wrong?" Washu asked, grabbing his hand.  "I didn't expect you would send 
for me so soon."  Her 
face paled.  "Is. is. she?"

"She is stable except for her blood cell lines.  Her platelets are zero and her 
hemoglobin is dangerously 
low."

Washu frowned.  "Then give her some artificial serum until her bone marrow 
rebounds!"

The sound of pens scratching on paper filled the room as the students and 
scientists alike took down every 
word Washu said.

She paused for a moment and quirked an eyebrow.  "Hmmm?"

"Dr. Hakubi, if you were not consumed with worry you would remember that Ryoko's 
needs will not be 
meet by even the most generalized universal donor serum we have," Dr. Vilella 
said politely.

Washu picked up on his signals and realized he was in full professor mode. Not 
that she cared.  "Marcus!  
She will die if we can't transfuse her!"

"That's why you are here.  You are the only match."

"You mean you want to do an outdated, antique, person to person transfusion on 
my daughter?!" she 
yelled,  ready to punch him for his stupidity.  "No one has done that for 
thousands of years!"

Dr. Vilella, placed his hands on Daimei's shoulders and gave her an encouraging 
squeeze.  "That's why my 
student is here. Her thesis work is about this very subject."

"Her THESIS?!" Washu squawked.  " I used to teach here too, ya know!!  A thesis 
is just a warm up 
exercise for the dissertation, which is still like playing house!  I need real 
data here!"

Diamie flushed and looked at the ground, shamed beyond words.

Washu caught this and took a deep breath. No matter what, shaming sincere junior 
scientists was not her 
style. She had loved teaching, and would never tolerate another professor 
behaving as she just had. Besides, 
she knew it was the only way.  It was time for a little trust.

"I'm sorry my dear," she said, patting the young woman's hand.  "I'm sure you 
can see I am under pressure 
here.  What do I need to do?"

Diamie smiled thinly.  "Please do not apologize, Dr. Hakubi. Please allow me to 
say what an honor it is."

Washu smiled again.  " 'Professor Washu' will do. Continue."

Diamie coughed at taking such a liberty with a legendary figure, but still 
trudged on.  "Professor Wa- 
Washu, I will need to hook you and your daughter up to a phlebotomizer that I 
have just restored.  A 
constant stream of your blood will be filtered through its sanitizer systems and 
transfused into Ryoko."

Washu took a folded fan from out of her belt and tapped her chin with it.  "That 
seems sound. In fact, I 
remember running one of those things when I was in graduate school myself." She 
grinned, falling into 
teacher mode herself.  "But aren't you forgetting one little thing?"

Diamie stuttered, her mind quickly scanning her research into the topic.  "Oh 
no!  Your mass! You are too 
small to get enough blood without harming you!" Diamie bowed deeply. "My 
apologies for being so 
stupid."

Washu laughed, Marcus made all of his students admit their stupidity. He even 
got her once, not that she 
really had been stupid.  "Don't worry about it! Watch this!"

The student's eyes widened as Washu's form suddenly shot up several feet into an 
adult version of her 
former self.  "This will do, don't you think?"

Diamie nodded mutely and gestured for Washu to recline on a bed besides Ryoko as 
the rest of the people 
continued to furiously take notes about the proceedings.

Within an hour, Washu's life giving blood was seeping into Ryoko's system adding 
strength and vitality to 
her remaining intact cells.

Washu closed her eyes and listened to the faint sound of Ryoko's breathing.  
This was almost as it had been 
when Ryoko had shared her bed in the past during thunderstorms.  She smiled at 
the memory of her now 
fearless daughter being afraid of a little electrical discharge.  She had never 
really understood that..

..Washu awoke and spit a fuzzy ear out of her mouth.  She opened an eye to see 
Ryo-Ohki half lying on 
her head, half lying on the pillow.  Where Ryo-Ohki was, Ryoko couldn't be far 
behind.  Rising up on one 
elbow, Washu looked to see Ryoko lying on her back, spread eagle, taking up 
three fourths of the bed. It 
was amazing how such a little girl could take up so much space.  She made a 
mental note to see if there was 
something out of kilter with Ryoko's dimensional overlay pattern in the morning.  
In the distance 
lightening cracked followed by the low roll of thunder.  Ah, that's what brought 
little Ryoko here tonight, 
Washu thought with a bemused smile. 

Ryoko's eyes snapped open at the sound of the thunder and she stiffened.      

Washu smiled down at her five-year-old.  "I'm here. There's nothing to worry 
about."

Ryoko rolled sleepy eyes to Washu. "It pinches," she complained crankily.  "I 
don't like it."

Washu pulled Ryo-Ohki off of her pillow and handed her to Ryoko.  "Here, hold 
Ryo-Ohki. She'll protect 
you.

Ryoko took her pet and curled onto her side, cuddling into her soft fur.  Washu 
in turn curled around 
Ryoko, placing a protective arm over her.

The lightning cracked again and Ryoko cried out in fear.

Washu tightened her hold on her and whispered.  "The lightening is up there and 
you are down here.  You 
are safe. Sleep now."..

As she lay there, feeling her blood flow away, Washu remembered the long slows 
breathes her daughter 
always took when she slept.  It made her miss the old days more than she usually 
did.

::Ryoko?:: she thought across their link.  ::Can you hear me?::

::Mom?::  came a weak reply.  ::Where are you?::

Washu reached over and took Ryoko's hand.  ::I'm right here.  Can you feel 
that?::

::Barely.  Drugged still?:: came Ryoko's faint, half asleep response.

::Yes, and at the Academy.  They are taking good care of you.  Are you okay in 
there, my little Ryoko?:: 
Washu asked, referring to the enclosed spaces of Ryoko's sleeping mind.

:: Hmmmm.:: Ryoko answered, projecting a calm, happy feeling instead of words.

Washu squeezed Ryoko's hand, happy she wasn't having bad dreams.

::He kissed me, momma. He kissed me,:: Ryoko said hazily as her consciousness 
drifted away from the 
link.

Washu let her go, an unshed tear of happiness pooling in her eye.  At last, 
Ryoko had had that first kiss she 
had dreamed about for so long.  Bless Tenchi for that.  If anything happened, at 
least Ryoko had had that.

"Er. professor Washu?" asked a timid voice.  "We have all we need now."

Washu felt the IV being removed from her arm.  Damn medieval devices. that HURT.  
She opened her 
eyes.  "What now?"

The student clasped her arms behind her back.  "Dr. Vilella asks that you return 
home now, Doctor.  He 
and the other are working out a solution."

"He can't be serious!" Washu exclaimed, swinging her legs over the edge of the 
bed.

"Ummm.well.." The student looked mortified.

Washu slowly got to her feet, feeling a little woozy from her loss of blood.  
"What's your name?"

"Diamie."

"Listen Diamie.  I am the greatest scientific genius in the universe and know 
more about my Ryoko than 
any of those old goats who call themselves your professors."

Diamie nodded dumbly.

Washu's eyes narrowed as she took an unsteady step. "And I am not going to stand 
by idly while they 
screw this up!  Do you understand?"

Looking rather frightened, Diamie nodded again.

"Then take me to them, please."

Diamie gulped, knowing that either way, she was in big trouble.  But since her 
idol was giving her a direct 
order, it seemed best to obey.

As they were leaving the room a flash of lightening illuminated the darkened 
windows and was followed 
almost instantly by a low roar of thunder.

Washu turned to watch Ryoko as she felt a weird feeling of static arc across 
their link.

Again the lightening sounded, and this time Ryoko's breathing halted with a 
glottal stop, before resuming 
its previous calm pattern.  Washu dashed over to the monitors and read them 
closely.  Her eyes widened 
with recognition.  "So that's why," she breathed, an old mystery solved, "she 
could feel it!"

"Professor Washu, there is nothing to worry about. It is just a student working 
on a weather assignment 
nearby, this equipment is running off a back up generator just in case," Diamie 
informed her.

Washu turned around smiling.  "Never mind that!  I have the answer.  Hurry, take 
me to your Sensei!"

The pair dashed down the hall, pushing the slow and the gawkers out of their 
way, until they skidded to a 
halt outside of Dr. Vilella's office.  Washu pushed through the door and stopped 
the hushed conversation 
going on inside with a look.

"I should have figured you would have gotten your way," Dr. Vilella said 
tiredly.  "Well, you might as well 
know.  Ryoko is fading too quickly.  We might have been able to figure out a 
solution with more time. 
but."

"Never mind that now!" Washu said impatiently, barely containing her excitement.

"Washu, my friend." Dr. Vilella got up from his desk and moved towards her.  
"Don't make this harder.  
Ryoko is dying. Actively dying."

"Gah!" Washu growled, clenching her fists, her arms hyper-extended down her 
sides.

"You should go sit with her, or you will regret it," he murmured, trying to 
gently usher her out.

"Ahhh! Just shut up and listen to me!  I've figured it out!  But you're right we 
need to hurry!  We need to 
get Ryoko and take her to your lightning machines."

Stunned, the gathered geniuses stared at her with out moving.

"Now!" she bellowed, heading out the door.

Her volume broke their trance and soon all were running down the hall, towards 
the medical wing.

"The lightening should reset her Masu energy levels.  We just need to blast her 
hard enough for the shock 
to change the ionization of her mitochondria.  That should change the direction 
her atoms spin, allowing 
her system to build up an incredible atomic charge!"

Washu's entourage chattered excitedly at this idea as they ran.  Many had heard 
of her intellectual prowess, 
but to experience it first hand was something else all together!

"Then, the resulting energy burst should destroy all the abnormal cells, while 
her healthy half Masu cells 
should be able to resist damage.  If all the bad cells are destroyed, they 
cannot replicate!" Washu continued 
gleefully.

"You don't. you don't intend to electrocute your own daughter?!" gasped an 
upstart young genius, eager 
to outsmart such a famed professor.

"From the inside out!" Washu confirmed with a smirk, not-so innocently tripping 
the younger scientist so 
he sprawled flat on his face and was quickly left behind.

Feeling in the home stretch Washu allowed her self a little comfort by crowing, 
"That's right!  I am STILL 
such a genius!" 

 As she laughed, the world around her flashed grey and pitched in impossible 
directions.  Washu doubled 
over and landed hard on her knees.  Behind her dazzled eyes images of Kagato 
menaced her and reached 
out with clutching hands.  "No!" she howled, lurching to her feet, clutching her 
head in her hands. She tried 
to continue towards Ryoko's room.

Again the world flashed out and Washu could see the shadow of a tall man with 
tiny glasses perched on his 
nose.  The shadow jeered and gibbered, his every gesture causing her agony.  
Shaking her head, Washu 
drove the vision away.  ::Ryoko?!?:: she screamed down her mental link.  There 
was nothing.

Washu opened her eyes and faced her concerned colleagues. "Something's wrong!  
Something's terribly 
wrong!" her anguished whisper ended in a shout.  Without another word, she got 
to her feet and sprinted 
alone towards Ryoko's room.  Her mouth dried with fear when she saw the door 
they had shut behind them 
now stood wide open. Who had been in there?

Reaching the doorway, Washu looked in, franticly turning this way, then that.  
Her horrified gaze found 
Ryoko's bed empty. Laying on the pillow was an old Jurian wanted poster, 
featuring a photograph of a 
demonic looking Ryoko.  Even more horrifying was the spilled blood bag, with the 
red word 'Justice' 
smeared upon the white sheets.


Chapter Nine

"She was what?" Tenchi asked unbelievingly.  The extended family had gathered in 
the Masaki living room 
to hear the news.

"Taken," Dr. Vilella said shortly.  "I had feared this would happen if word of 
her presence leaked out."

An adolescent Washu stood silently looking out the window, arms crossed, her 
back to the rest of the 
group.  Her face was blank, almost stony, as she looked without seeing into the 
night.  She kept mentally 
calling out to Ryoko, but there was nothing at the other end of the link.  Ryoko 
was either dead, in a coma, 
or her illness had progressed far enough to disable the link.  None of these 
options were heartening.

Tenchi was confused.  "Why?"

Yosho sighed, and shook his head, uncertain whether to be frustrated by Tenchi's 
stupidity, or thankful for 
his forgiving nature.  "Tenchi, Ryoko is hated on Jurai.  There are millions who 
wish her death."

Tenchi closed his eyes and took a deep breath.  "But it wasn't her fault!" he 
said vehemently.

"No one but us knows that. And if they did, they wouldn't want to believe it."

"This is terrible!" Tenchi yelled, getting agitated.  "We have to help her!"

Dr. Vilella nodded.  "Of course we do, we just need to figure out how the mob 
got in, then we can better 
target our search."

"It was an inside job," Washu said coldly.  "Think about it.  No alarms, no 
forced entry, no sign of a 
struggle.  Someone just walked into her room and took her." She turned around, a 
nervous tick in her left 
eye telling everyone she was barely in control.  "It was someone on your team, 
Marcus."

"But I was so careful.."

"But not enough." Washu silenced him with her stare.  "If you will excuse me, I 
need to find my daughter 
before she dies." Washu turned on her heel and walked stiffly to her lab.

Tenchi followed her with his eyes.  "We need to help.  What can we do?"

Ayeka got to her feet and set her teacup on the coffee table.  "I am going to 
call my father.  I will not let the 
council turn a blind eye to this madness."

Mihoshi, just beginning to wake up from a nap on the couch started to cry when 
she heard the news.  Then 
she stopped, looking determined.  "Kidnapping is definitely illegal!  I'm going 
to talk to my grandfather!  
The Galaxy Police won't stand for this!"  She fished her pink cube out of her 
hair, and moments later they 
could hear her shriek as she fell into the pond.

Sasami Grabbed Ryo-Ohki by her front paws and dashed towards Washu's lab.  "I'm 
gonna help too!"

"Hey!  Wait for me!"  Tenchi shouted, tearing after her.

Far away from her friends Ryoko twisted in her sleep, strange dreams of Kagato 
tormenting her mind.  He 
kept stealing her away and taking her to dark caves.  Just now he was holding 
her under a deep pool of 
freezing water. She could feel the cold carrying the life out of her flesh.  It 
was so dark. She hated the dark. 
And he was laughing, telling her she would have drown for 700 years.  He might 
even forget about her, 
then it would be forever.

::Help!:: she tried to scream, but the water filled her mouth, leaving only her 
mind to call out in vain.  
::Please help, me!::  

::!!!:: came a startled, but unnoticed response.

Ryoko stopped struggling and hoped she would die.  The cold of the water felt 
like the sting of a thousand 
bees.

::Ryoko?!  Is that you?::   a faint voice whispered in her mind.

::I'm drowning,:: she told it simply.

She felt a pulse of terror from the voice. ::Where are you?:: it asked.

::The cave,:: she whispered.  ::Sacred. Scared. Scared.::

::Ryoko, I need you to tell me where you are,:: the voice insisted, breaking up 
like a weak radio signal.

Ryoko whimpered.  ::Don't leave me alone, he put me here!  I don't like it 
here.::

::Ryoko, honey you are fading, where are you?  Just tell me.:: the voice faded 
away to nothing.

::Hello? Hello?:: Ryoko called out, but there was no answer.  She was alone in 
he dark. Even Kagato had 
abandoned her. She wished that even he would come back.  But he didn't, no one 
did. Before long she 
blanked out, unable to cope with her deepest terror.

When she regained consciousness, she regained her pain, tripled from what it had 
been like on the way to 
Jurai.  Her dreams were forgotten, repressed for her own sanity.  As far as she 
was concerned she was still 
at the Science Academy.  And from the pain, it seemed that those stupid 
scientists weren't helping her at 
all.  She cracked open an eye, but the darkness did not change. She opened the 
other eye, just to be sure.  
Darkness pressed in all around her and magnified her pain. 

"Hey!" she croaked, meaning to bellow instead.  "Turn on the lights!  It's too 
dark in here!"

She heard a muffled sound, the grinding of metal upon metal.  She squinted, 
discovering that she could 
move nothing more than her own eyes.

"What gives?  Hey!  Hey!" she shouted now, her voice siphoning strength from her 
growing fear.

Again, she heard the metallic sound and then some scraping.

"Are you listening to me?  Let me out!"

Without warning the darkness was replaced by a blinding light, and the top of 
her world peeled away.  
Unable to shield her eyes with her hands she clamped her eyes shut and turned 
her face as far to the side as 
it would go.

"You've seen better days, pirate," sneered a male's voice.

Ryoko stiffened. She didn't know that voice.  And its tone was threatening, full 
of fury.  She forced her 
eyes open and looked up. Dazzled by the light, she couldn't read his expression, 
but it became clear to her 
that she had been lying in some sort of sealed container and this man had just 
removed the cover.

"Who are you?" she asked trying to sound tough.

"Who am I?  Well that's a good question.  You could say that I am a lonely 
widower.  You might even 
describe me as the man whose little girl was killed way too young," he said 
softly, a building fury lapping 
at the edges of his words.

Ryoko tried to see his face.  "I don't understand."

"Don't lie to me you murdering witch!" he shouted, his fury released.  He 
grabbed her shoulders and 
roughly pulled her up to a seated position.  "Its time to pay-up," whispered in 
her ear.  "I'm your 
executioner."  He let go and allowed her to fall helplessly back, her head 
cracking against the metal of her 
prison.

Ryoko closed her eyes in fear.  Was this what she thought?  Had the people of 
Jurai decided to take their 
revenge?  This was bad. Very, very, bad.  And even worse, in her heart she 
believed they deserved to take 
it.

"What? No threats?  No denial?"  the man scoffed.  "You disappoint me."

Ryoko opened her eyes and looked at him, this time her vision was clear enough 
to see the pain and 
bitterness etched across the man's features.  She had no words to say.  She 
closed her eyes again, old shame 
creeping over her like a death shroud.

The man shrugged and began to close the container again.  "Be that way. When the 
others get here, you'll 
talk. Count on it."

Ryoko opened her eyes and saw the light leaving her. "No, please.  Not that," 
she begged softly.

"What you don't like your coffin? Get used to it."

The lid slammed into place and Ryoko could her the grating of what she now knew 
to be locks.  The 
darkness and close air pressed upon her heavily, taking her back to the worst 
moments of her life.  As slow 
tears leaked around her scrunched eyelids, she thought of her Washu.  If only 
she could help her this time.  
The link was dead and she wanted her mother.

Washu spun around and jabbed a finger in Tenchi's chest.  "I'm telling you, I 
had contact with her a 
moment ago!  Something horrible is happening!  We have to find her! Pronto!"

Tenchi closed his hands around Washu's fist and squeezed it gently.  "Little 
Washu.   You know more than 
the rest of us then.  Think, Washu.  Were there any clues?"

Washu wrenched her hand free and paced around the room one hand tugging at her 
hair, while the other 
was held tightly behind her back.  "I'm pretty sure she was hallucinating, those 
drugs she is on are very 
powerful."

Ayeka placed a hand on Washu's shoulder.  "Ms. Washu, just tell us what you saw.  
We might pick up 
something you missed."

Washu stopped abruptly and tilted her head towards Ayeka, her face holding a 
rigid look of pain.  "Fine.  
Here is what my little Ryoko was seeing.  She was reliving her capture by Kagato 
and her entombment by 
Yosho all at once, the two events intertwined.  In her own mind, she is 
imprisoned again." Washu drew a 
ragged breath and clenched both of her fists close to her chest.  "She is 
suffering horribly." 

Tenchi winced and hugged himself wondering if Ryoko's fragile emotions could 
withstand a second round 
of her worst nightmares.

Ayeka also looked pained, but was closely examining Washu's words.  "Then, she 
must be contained 
somewhere dark and cold."

Washu looked up, immediately following Ayeka's logic.  "Yes, cold and dark. But 
that could be 
anywhere!"

Ayeka frowned. "Indeed.  I wonder."

::Mother,:: came a weak cry across Washu's link accompanied by quick images of 
tombstones and  pine 
boxes.

""Shhh!" Washu hissed at Ayeka as she grabbed her temples and concentrated on 
the faint thought, trying 
to trace it. Unfortunately, all was silent again, and despite her desperate 
calls, she got no further response.

"Little Washu, was it her?"  Tenchi asked, his eyes lighting with hope.

"Yes, but just a whisper.  Tell me Ayeka, where would you go to bury someone 
alive?" Washu asked 
angrily.

"B-buried alive?  Oh no!" Ayeka paled.  She shuddered at the mere idea of it, 
then her eyes narrowed as a 
sudden thought hit her.  "In the ruins of the old palace, there is a special 
cemetery and memorial for 
Ryoko's victims.  That has to be the place."

Washu grabbed Ayeka's hand and pulled her towards the door.  "Do you know how to 
get there? Lets get 
going!"

Ayeka gently, but firmly reclaimed her hand.  "Ryo-Ohki knows the way. Just tell 
her it is where my 
garden used to be. Hurry, go now."

"Ayeka?" Tenchi asked uncertainly as Washu took off towards the ship.

"I'll be along shortly Tenchi.  There is something I have to take care of 
first."

Tenchi nodded and followed Washu.  Ayeka frowned and strode towards the 
communication center.  It was 
time to call in brute force.  This sort of behavior must not be allowed.

Ryoko lay in the darkness, trying to get comfortable even though was lying on 
something sharp that hurt 
her back.  She tried to calm her mind by thinking about the good things that had 
been happening in her life 
recently.  She tried to imagine her rafter in the Masaki home, so high and nice 
with a plump pillow to 
recline upon.  Sometimes she even had some sake up there.

Still the darkness taunted her. Overwhelming darkness and she couldn't move.  
Thoughts of the rafter could 
not hold it at bay.

She swallowed hard and tried to think of Tenchi, of his kisses.  He had kissed 
her, he cared about her.  He 
would take care of her.

Those kisses were out of pity for a dying woman, the darkness whispered.  It 
wasn't real.

Ryoko tried to remember her childhood with Washu.  Going to the best interactive 
children's science 
museums almost every weekend, playing together.  Getting hot fudge sundaes on 
the way home.  Washu 
loved her.

But Washu couldn't save you before, and she can't this time either, the writhing 
shadows snickered. 
Besides, you aren't that same little girl anymore. Why would she even want to 
save you? 

Giving up, Ryoko broke into dry tears, gasping for breath.  She was going to die 
here. There was no way 
out.  The darkness was eroding her body.

She heard the locks opening again.  Was it Washu? Was she saved?  This time she 
closed her eyes firmly 
so as not to be blinded when the casket's lid was removed.  But she could feel 
the warm sunlight on her 
skin and was immediately comforted.  The smell of fresh air and pine resin 
filled her nostrils chasing away 
the morbid smell of musty death.

"Did you enjoy your time with my daughter, Ryoko?" asked that man again.

Ryoko's stomach flipped as she realized what she had been lying on.   She opened 
her eyes slowly and saw 
the gaping face of a skull nestled very close to her head.  She whimpered and 
pulled away.

The man physically hauled Ryoko out of the casket and cast her aside.  Her legs 
too weak to bear her 
weight, Ryoko folded into a kneeling position with her arms tightly bound behind 
her back.  She looked 
around to see that she was in a cemetery.  Nestled among the remains of a stone 
building were countless 
grave markers that looked too new to belong among ruins.  There was something 
familiar about this place. 
But she was distracted from that thought when she saw all of the people gathered 
amongst the grave 
markers. Their eyes filled with hate and blood lust, all directed at her.  Her 
victims had come to her at last.

Her powers were completely gone. She could not defend herself, and it was clear 
that they knew it.  So this 
was how it would end.  It was fitting somehow.

"So, Ryoko. Plead to us for mercy. We want to hear it," the same man, obviously 
the leader, said loudly 
projecting it so the crowd would hear.  They laughed darkly, enjoying their 
revenge.

Ryoko hung her head. She had granted her victims no mercy.

Her silence maddened the crowd who took it for insolence.  They muttered 
angrily, shifting around so the 
group seemed to boil.

"Why don't you break those ropes and kill us all?" the man taunted again.  "Just 
like you did our families!"

"I'm sorry," she whispered.

"She's sorry.  Well that makes it better.  That fixes everything," he jeered.  
He hefted a stone, a little larger 
than his hand.  "We finally get to give you back your heart.  Feel how soft it 
is." 

With that, he lobbed the first stone at her, catching her in the chest, a large 
purple bruise blooming 
immediately.  Ryoko grunted, but did not fall over.  She met his eyes and tried 
to project her regrets.

The next person, a small child, came forward with her own stone.  "This is for 
my grandma!" She lobbed 
the stone forward weakly, her young arms too little to have much power.  The 
stone clipped Ryoko on the 
chin, leaving a small bruise in its wake.

Ryoko tried to smile at her.  "Don't blame yourself for this later, it was their 
idea.  It's not your fault"

Enraged at her words, the rest of the crowd began throwing their stones in 
earnest.  Ryoko screamed as they 
hit all over her body and head.  Soon she was down, her skin a mottled mass of 
greens and purples. Her 
consciousness faded into nothingness, and still the rain of stones came, people 
dashing over to reuse stones 
that had bounced away from her body after impact.

**ENOUGH** shouted a voice that seemed to shake the heavens.



Chapter ten

The crowd paused as what seemed to be an angry little girl appeared out of thin 
air to stand over Ryoko, 
her face distorted into a rictus of rage.

"I should have known you would have found us Washu," the leader said resignedly, 
holding his arm cocked 
for his next throw.  "Step aside."

Washu looked him in the eye.  "I will not.  I will not allow anyone to hurt 
her!"  Washu recognized this 
man from the team of scientists that had been treating Ryoko.  This was the 
traitor.  She tucked that thought 
away for later, keeping her focus on the task at hand.

Washu spared a quick glance down at Ryoko and was horrified to see the battered 
and swollen flesh of her 
exposed skin.  She was mutilated beyond recognition.

::I don't know if you can hear me or not, but I'm here, little Ryoko.  You are 
safe now::

The absolute silence that met her thoughts frightened her.  Ryoko was either 
comatose or dead.

Dead.

Dead.

Dead.

Washu threw her head back and screamed, her voice seemed to come from everywhere 
at once.  She felt 
her body expanding to its adult size and beyond, it felt as if she were filling 
up the entire dimension with 
her presence.  Something deep inside of her stretched, she could feel its hold 
on her thinning, becoming 
more taut as it threatened to snap.  The deep reserves of power she had always 
sensed buried within her 
flared like the agitating surface the sun, sending towers of magma into her 
mind.  An old warning echoed 
across her conciseness. To do this, to accept this power would begin a process 
that would repeat a chain of 
cataclysmic events. Something terrible would happen.

She didn't care.

Her fury knew no boundaries, her heart was splitting into shards as her daughter 
lay motionless beneath 
her.  The one person who had made everything worthwhile was slipping away, was 
leaving her.  She had 
failed Ryoko again.

**WASHU. DO NOT DO THIS.**

Washu let the progression of power idle and faced Tsunami.  There was something 
she should remember 
here, something important.  She noticed that both she and Tsunami were giants, 
the hordes of Juraian 
people were but insects at their feet.  Washu raised a hand to her head in 
confusion.

**IF YOU FULLY TRANSFORM, YOU WILL RECLAIM THE POWERS IN THE GEMS. AND 
RYOKO WILL DIE.**

Washu pulled in a sharp breath. **SHE ISN'T DEAD?**  Her voice rolled doff the 
mountains like distant 
thunder.

Tsunami drifted closer, and kissed Washu's cheek.  **NO, NOT YET.**

Washu frowned.  **THESE MONSTERS HURT HER.  THEY MUST BE PUNISHED.**

Tsunami took Washu's hand and smiled sadly.  **I CANNOT ALLOW YOU TO ACT AGAINST 
MY 
PEOPLE.**

She continued, **IN RETURN FOR YOUR TOLERANCE I WILL GIVE YOU THE CURE YOU 
SEEK.**  She handed the partial goddess Washu a crackling ball of lightening.  
**YOU KNOW WHAT 
TO DO.**

Below, Tenchi, Ayeka, Yosho and Mihoshi had arrived and were gawking at the two 
women towering 
above their heads into the sky.  One was Tsunami, and the other was.. Washu?  
But she looked different, 
more elongated and elegant.  Her science academy uniform had been replaced by an 
flowing green gown 
with a golden metal band that framed the bodice, seemingly forming the letter 
'W'.  As the women spoke, 
the sounds of their voices took on the booming quality of gale force winds. All 
around them the ancient 
trees of the original palace bowed and creaked with tension.

Understanding flared in Yosho's eyes, and he held a restraining hand on Tenchi's 
shoulder as he made a 
move to run to Ryoko.  "Don't get too close!"

"But, look at Ryoko!" Tenchi shouted, struggling against his grandfather.  "She 
is hurt!"

"Tenchi," Yosho commanded with quiet authority.  "There are greater forces here. 
Have faith."

Above their heads Washu was holding a large writhing ball of energy, and looking 
at the miniscule form 
lying prone at her feet.  She nodded and cast the ball downwards, quickly 
covering her eyes and looking 
away.

Ryoko shrieked as the energy hit her and enveloped her in a writhing envelope of 
power, burning away her 
restraints and clothing.  Her skin smoked as the power streamed into her body 
and burned away the 
malfunctioning cells.  Run off power shot from her eyes and mouth in great beams 
of light as the energy 
cycled through her.  And then it was over, her bruised and charred body laying 
limply on the soil, her eyes 
and mouth slightly open.

Tsunami lightly touched Washu's elbow, encouraging her to look.  Washu 
hesitantly removed her hands 
and looked down upon Ryoko.  Washu began to shrink down to mortal size, stopping 
at her adult form, her 
clothing transforming back into the science academy uniform.  Tsunami followed 
suit and soon both 
goddesses were kneeling over Ryoko. Washu gently gathered her into her arms and 
held her tightly.

Tsunami embraced Ryoko from the other side, and a gentle glow arched between she 
and Washu covering 
Ryoko in a shimmering warmth.  The burns and bruises were quickly wiped away and 
Ryoko drifted from a 
coma into a deep sleep as she rested on her mother's shoulder.

Washu breathed in the fresh, healthy scent of her daughter and held her more 
tightly, a quiet sob shaking 
her body.

Tsunami smiled and released her hold on the pair.  They would forget. They would 
all forget exactly how 
this happened very soon.  She waved a hand causing a deep blue, star spangled 
blanket to cloak Ryoko's 
nakedness.  All was done, and there should be no lose ends.  She looked at Yosho 
and frowned.  Here was 
one who would remember.

Yosho bowed deeply, telling her the secret was safe.

Smiling again, Tsunami nodded and faded away as Ayeka snapped out of a trance 
and ordered the garrisons 
of soldiers she had brought with her to arrest the mob.



Chapter 11

Ryoko sat on a marble bench in Sasami's formal garden and fidgeted in her even 
more formal dress.  The 
indigo silk felt smooth against her skin, but the many layers of it weighed 
heavily upon her.  Ayeka dressed 
like this, not her.  She longed for her own simple stripped dress or close 
fitting leggings and slitted skirt.  
Those were clothes you could be comfortable in, those were clothes you could 
fight in.  If anyone attacked 
her now, she would just tip over and be trapped by layers of kimono.  

A soft breeze tickled her nose with the thick scent of wild roses, and she tried 
to relax. Today was the day.

"I thought I would find you here," Tenchi said softly from behind her.

"Hey," she said with out turning.

He took hold of her upper arms and leaned over her shoulders, breathing into her 
ear.  "You look beautiful 
in blue."

She smiled and tilted her head so that his lips were brushing against her.  She 
closed her eyes and sighed.  
This was like a dream come true.  Even so, she had to be honest.  "I hate this 
dress."

Tenchi chuckled, and sat on the bench besides her.  "Come on.  We have been here 
a whole month, and this 
is the first time we've made you wear it."

"Hmmmm." Ryoko smiled, thinking of the fun she and Tenchi had shared over the 
last month.  She tilted 
her head and met his eyes.  "It has been a nice vacation, ne?"  

It had been very big of Ayeka to accept responsibility for Ryoko so she did not 
have to wait this last month 
in jail.  They were all calling this a vacation, and not the period of probation 
before Ryoko's trial.

He smiled back and moved forward to kiss her.  He wasn't afraid of this anymore, 
in fact he wanted to kiss 
her as much as he could.  He pressed his lips against hers and wrapped his arms 
around her lightly, fearing 
to crease the fabric of her dress.

Ryoko noticed this and frowned, pulling away, the half connection frustrating 
her.  "Another reason to hate 
this dress."

"Well, maybe later you and Tenchi can pick up where you left off last night on 
the couch!" Washu cackled 
from out of sight.

"Mom!" Ryoko snapped with a bright blush.

Washu strolled into view, her arms tucked behind her back, an expressive leer on 
her face.  "I saw all of it!"  

She tapped her forehead.  "I felt a lot of it too!"  She straightened her back 
and clasped her hands under her 
chin, her eyes wide and shimmering.  

"At first I thought it was just more kissy face. But then.ohhhhhh!" Washu 
walloped Tenchi on the back.  
"Then you copped a feel!" She giggled.  "I didn't know you had it in you!"

"MOTHER!" Ryoko shouted.

Washu continued laughing.  "You two are so cute!"

Tenchi buried his head in Ryoko's neck and groaned.  "Does she ever give up?"

Ryoko shrugged. "What do YOU think?"

Washu turned serious.  "It's time. Are you ready Ryoko?"

Ryoko stiffened, fear chilling her, even under her many layers of clothing.

Washu offered her hand.  "It has to be this way if you want your life back. Come 
now."

Ryoko took Washu's hand and struggled to her feet, the kimono impeding most of 
her motion.  Also, even 
after a month of rest she was still weak from her illness.  Tenchi pushed her up 
from behind while Washu 
pulled.  Ryoko gathered her balance and, with the two most important people in 
her life on either side of 
her, she went to trial.

It was a long affair, dragging into many days without recess.  News reporters 
from all over the universe 
kept a constant media feed going so billions of curious minds could follow every 
moment.  First, a sample 
of the families of Ryoko's victims emotionally pled their case, showing pictures 
of their loved ones in 
happier times, telling of the pain of their loss.  They asked for the death 
sentence and an opportunity to 
throw the switch themselves.

Throughout the testimonies, news cameras were trained on Ryoko's tormented face, 
watching her reaction 
to every hard truth.  Sometimes she cried, other times she just shut her eyes 
and pursed her lips.  She was 
raised high on the platform of the accused, but was not alone. Ayeka had made 
unique provisions for this 
trial and had added two more chairs.  The entire time Tenchi and Washu were 
there to comfort Ryoko with 
hugs and whispered comments.  As the universe watched these tender exchanges, 
people began to wonder 
if they knew they entire story.

As the last of the plaintiffs left the stand, Mihoshi made her way to the 
witness box and said her piece.

She twirled a strand of blond hair around her finger and smiled at Ryoko.  
"Ryoko Hakubi is not all that 
bad.  Sure, she blew up lots of planets, but she often shares her sake with me, 
you know?"

Ryoko shifted nervously and eyed Washu.  Washu bit her lip and shrugged, 
wondering what had possessed 
them to allow Mihoshi to testify.

Mihoshi laughed.  "And when she shares her sake, she doesn't get drunk and start 
fights with Ayeka!"

Ryoko buried her face in her hands and moaned.  They might as well take her to 
prison now.

"Ryoko is a real character.  I mean, she seems all tough, but she is really 
nice.  She watches over us while 
we sleep, and even does some of the chores when she thinks we aren't paying 
attention." 

Mihoshi smiled and waved at Ryoko.  "Hey Ryoko!  Remember that time when I had a 
police call and you 
souped up Yukinojo so I could make it to the scene quicker?"

Ryoko waved back weakly and nodded.

"Well, those two girls would have died of space exposure if I had been any 
later.  You saved their lives."

"Two versus two billion!" Someone shouted from the gallery.  "Let's skip this 
and execute the pirate!"

"Silence!" the judge roared. "I will not have a repeat of last month's mercenary 
justice in my courtroom.  
Any more outbursts like that will earn any of you six months in prison!"

Ryoko sat stonily, realizing she had no chance at all.  She should have escaped 
when she had the chance.

"Anyway, Ryoko is a good friend who isn't as mean as she looks.  I'm done now!"  
Mihoshi hopped down 
from the stand and was swiftly replaced by Ayeka.

She coughed and looked regally at the audience.  "I am Ayeka first princess of 
Jurai, your princess.   As 
you know, I have had good reason in the past to wish ill upon Ms. Ryoko.  But I 
no longer do.  As you will 
hear later, Ryoko was forced to do her ill deeds, and had no choice at all."

A loud grumble filled the hall, but no one dared to speak too plainly.

"Ms. Ryoko has saved my life many times and has proven herself to be a woman of 
high moral character 
whose loyalty is unquestionable."  Ayeka met Ryoko's glance and smiled warmly.

Ryoko returned the smile shyly, openly acknowledging Ayeka as a friend.  She 
leaned her head on Tenchi's 
shoulder and allowed herself to relax a little.

"So, members of the court, please bear in mind that the tool of evil is not evil 
in and of itself.  And 
remember that your princess would not lie to you."  She bowed deeply and left 
the stand.

"Tenchi, aren't they going a little too quickly?" Ryoko whispered.  It had taken 
days to even get to their 
turn and now it was almost over.

He patted her hand and kissed the top of her head.  "Trust us."

There was a small delay as Washu left her place by Ryoko's side and took the 
stand.  She looked coolly 
over the audience.  " I know you all know who I am.  You also know that I was 
kidnapped 5,000 years ago.  
Doesn't it seem funny to you that this was exactly the same time Ryoko, who was 
nothing more than a 
bright student at the Academy, suddenly turned into evil incarnate? Don't you 
see the connection?"

She paused and spread her fingers, causing her laptop to appear.  "I want to 
show you Ryoko before that 
time."  

She hit a button and a large screen was projected on the wall behind her.  The 
first picture showed Ryoko at 
roughly three years of age sitting in the dirt surrounded by a pile of rocks.  
She had one shoved in her 
mouth and was closely examining another.  "This is Ryoko already on her way to 
be a interstellar 
geologist."

The next picture featured Ryoko and Washu vouging for the camera in front cave's 
entrance.  Ryoko 
seemed around nine years old.  Both she and Washu were wearing spelunking gear 
including hard hats with 
little lights mounted on the front.  "This was from our first trip to the 
mammoth caves on the seventh moon 
of Jurai.  Because of what was done to my daughter by lord Yosho as punishment 
for her crimes, you won't 
ever find Ryoko enjoying this hobby again.  She was sealed away in a 
subterranean lake for 700 years.  
Now dark and small places frighten her to the point of danger.  She is so 
traumatized that she could do 
herself harm if she was ever in a situation like this.  You might even say she 
has already been punished 
enough."

The next picture showed Ryoko at 14, receiving an award from Dr. Vilella at the 
Science Academy. She 
was dressed in a kimono very much like she wore today and looked like a 
miniature, differently colored 
version of Washu as she grinned broadly, clutching at her award.  "Here you see 
Ryoko receiving the 
coveted junior scholar award.  Her annual research project had disproved an old 
and much accepted 
paradigm about mineral formation." She looked over at Ryoko. "I was so proud of 
you that day.  You were 
showing the world you were a genius, just like your mom."

Ryoko swallowed thickly, and smiled tremulously back, her eyes bright with 
unshed tears.

"And lastly, here is a picture that shows you just who Ryoko was the day before 
she was taken."  This 
picture showed a teenaged Ryoko in a kitchen, holding a blender above a large 
bowl. There was chocolate 
batter sprayed all over the walls and Ryoko, it was even in her hair.  Her eyes 
sparkled with innocence as 
she sucked the batter off of a finger. One eye winked at the camera, guilelessly 
admitting blame for the 
mess.

Washu left the picture up as she concluded.  "Yes, the day before she was 
enslaved, my little Ryoko was 
trying to make brownies because I wouldn't give her any more money to buy some 
from the bakery.  She 
didn't go blow up the commissary in rage, or steal some because she could.  She 
was just a typical kid 
making a big mess."

Washu paused and put her heart into her voice.  "You can't tell me that this 
same person, destroyed her first 
planet two months later.  It doesn't follow.  Because of a flaw in Ryoko's 
design,  Kagato was able to 
control her completely.  She had no choice. No choice at all."

Against the backdrop of the photo Washu proceeded to carefully describe exactly 
how Kagato was able to 
control Ryoko.  She provided carefully crafted exhibits to make her point more 
clear.  Soon, the audience 
was drowsing, but the judge and jury paid close attention and took copious 
notes.

"And that," Washu concluded, worn out herself, "is why there is absolutely no 
fault to place on Ryoko. 
None at all. Zip. Zero."  She looked the judge in the eye as if she expected an 
exoneration on the spot.

The judge blinked sleepily at her, but to his credit he had followed everything 
she had said.  "Thank you 
Dr. Hakubi, you may take your seat.  Its time we heard from the defendant 
herself, then we will recess.  Mr. 
Masaki, please Join Dr. Hakubi below." He gestured to an empty bench.    "Ms. 
Hakubi must testify alone."

Ryoko flashed Tenchi what was supposed to be a brazen, devil-may-care smile. 
Instead it came off as a 
small spark of emotion on her otherwise dead face.  Tenchi hugged her and 
climbed down the staircase, 
leaving Ryoko all alone.  She stared passively at her hands and awaited 
instruction.

"Will the defendant please rise?"

She struggled to her feet, the weight of the kimono seemed to have tripled.  
Still she looked down, not 
daring to meet the judge's eyes.

"Please state your name for the record."

"My name is Ryoko Hakubi, sir," she whispered, her voice only audible because of 
the room's sensitive 
microphones.

"Please look at the bench, Ms. Hakubi."

Ryoko slowly raised her head and met the man's eyes.  She was surprised to see 
no hate there.  No love 
either, just an even, impassive stare.

"You are charged with the murders of countless Jurai citizens and members of 
Jurai protectorates, as well 
as massive property destruction.  Do you understand these charges?"

"Yes, sir," she said softly.

"How do you plead?"

Ryoko looked down again, wracked by her familiar guilt.  Did it matter that 
Kagato had controlled her?  
She had still done those things.  Her body had been the cause of so much 
destruction.

"Ms. Hakubi, I recommend answering promptly."

Ryoko quickly glanced up, showing she had heard the judge.  Looking demure in 
her dark dress, she turned 
around to face her accusers sitting in the courtroom.  The hate in their eyes 
was unbearable. She could feel 
it rolling at her in waves.  They wanted her to die.  They needed her to die, or 
they would never find peace.

"Ms. Hakubi let me inform you that silence is interpreted by this court as a 
plea of guilty," the judge 
intoned.

Washu jumped up and leaned her hands against the wooden railing of  the enclosed 
the bench she shared 
with Tenchi.  "Answer him for God's sake, Ryoko!" she bawled.  "What are you 
doing?"

"Dr. Hakubi," the judge warned, "One more time and you are out."

Washu ground her teeth and tried to connect to Ryoko through the link, but found 
it completely blocked.

Ryoko turned around and clasped her hands loosely in front of her.  "Sir.  I. 
I."

"Are you guilty or innocent, Ms. Hakubi?"

Ryoko craned her head behind her and looked again at her victims.  There was 
only one thing she could do 
for them.  There was only one thing she could do for the innocent young woman 
she once was. She 
straightened her shoulders and looked the judge squarely in the eyes.

"I am guilty."

The court exploded into chaos, with Ryoko's few supporters crying out in 
despair, and her many detractors 
cheering in victory.

The judge nodded gravely.  "Then there is no need for a recess. Prepare for your 
sentence."


Ryoko nodded and squeezed her eyes shut.  She tried not to think of the pain she 
had caused her loved 
ones.  Her need to atone was eclipsing every other desire.

"Ryoko Hakubi, the sentence for murder is." The judge broke off as a blue glow 
emanated from the 
empty seat to his left, the seat always left open as a symbolic testament to 
Tsunami's just presence at every 
trial.  The blue glow intensified until the goddess was completely in the 
material plane.  The room was 
silent.  This had never happened before in the recorded history of Jurai.  No 
one knew what to expect next.

"Your Honor," Tsunami addressed the judge in normal human tones.  "I would like 
to submit my testimony 
before you pass judgement."

He nodded mutely.

Tsunami gestured and the room fell into darkness, the silence only broken by a 
single whimper from 
Ryoko.  "I would like to submit the experience of Ryoko for the court's 
benefit."

The darkness was replaced by a dim light, and it soon became apparent to all 
that they were looking 
through Ryoko's eyes, and that they could hear her thoughts as well.  Before 
them, just beyond the glass 
hull of a ship they could see a blue green planet..

"There, Ryoko.  This is your first test. Let's see how powerful you are," Kagato 
said calmly.

Ryoko pressed her hands against the glass and watched the peaceful orb spin 
before her. He couldn't be 
serious.  

"What are you waiting for? Destroy it."

"Wh-what?"

"Stupid girl.  Teleport outside. Raise your power.  Blast that planet out of 
existence," he said slowly as if 
explaining the obvious to a simpleton.

Her mouth hung slack in surprise.  He was serious.  She had quickly learned to 
fear him more than anything 
in the universe, but he was asking the impossible of her.

"Are there people there?" she asked worriedly.

"Of course there are people there!  This would be pointless otherwise.  Do it."

She backed away from the glass.  Oh no, she couldn't do this. Not this. Not hurt 
people.

His hand shot out and grabbed her shoulder painfully, his thumb digging into the 
tender triangle where her 
collarbone joined with her shoulder.  "Don't make me ask you again, Ryoko."

She jerked away, her fear of what he wanted her to do bigger than her fear of 
him.  "No!"

"Obey me! Now!"

"No way!  Stay away from me!" she screamed turning to pelt down the corridor.

Kagato sighed and took control.  Down the hall Ryoko howled and grabbed her 
head, all three of her gems 
flaring with a sickly green light. "Fine, we will do it this way.  Come to me."

She pivoted neatly on the balls of her feet and walked back towards him her eyes 
the same green as her 
gems.  Inside her mind she struggled to disobey, but could not. Her own body 
would not obey her.  She 
paused at Kagato's side and awaited her next orders.

"You will be punished for this insurrection later.  But for now, I want to see 
if you have enough power to 
destroy that planet."

Without a word Ryoko teleported outside of the ship and charged her hands with 
as much power as she 
could hold.  While her face was showing no expression, inside she was wailing 
and clawing at the barriers 
that bound her free will away from her.  This couldn't be happening. All of 
those poor people! Who would 
save them?  

Unable to stop it, she felt herself lob an enormous energy pulse at the planet 
before her.  The flow of power 
seemed to go on forever. She had no idea that she even had this much power, 
where was it coming from?

As her energy reserves spent themselves she watched the hole she had punched in 
the planet's atmosphere 
widen and the continents below it heave and twist as great geysers of the ocean 
flew upwards.  Everything 
was in chaos, the shapes were changing and boiling, and shafts of steam were 
clouding up from the surface 
of the planet.  The planet seemed to rock and sway for a moment before it paused 
all motion.

Ryoko felt a pulse of hope.  Maybe it hadn't worked.  Maybe that planet had 
defended itself somehow.

Then the planet drew in upon itself, then exploded, shattering into billions of 
bits that sent a silent shock 
wave racing towards her.  

Instinctively, Ryoko teleported back inside the Soujya. Upon entry, her self-
control was suddenly back and 
she was on the floor sobbing before she even realized she had regained the 
control to cry. 

 "No, oh, no!" she cried over and over curling into a ball on the floor, rocking 
herself for comfort as the 
shock wave passed harmlessly over the ship.

Kagato watched her with mild interest. He would have thought that sort of 
reaction had been beaten out her 
by now.  He was pleased with the results of this experiment, and had recorded 
the entire thing.  He planned 
to release the video to the media to give a face to the carnage.  Such a 
beautiful face too. It was poetic 
really.

But this kind of reaction had to stop, or she would not be effective.  People 
needed to fear her, not have pity 
on her.

He crouched down next to her and whispered in her ear.  "Don't lie to yourself 
Ryoko.  You enjoyed that.  
If you felt that badly you would have let that shock wave finish you instead of 
coming back home to 
safety."

"That's not true!" she sobbed brokenly.

"Ah but it is.  Besides, you could have broken free if it mattered all that much 
to you.  You have before, 
remember?  Face it Ryoko, this is your real nature.  You are a killer."  
Smirking softly, he stood back up 
and silently left her crying on the floor.

The entire courtroom felt her cry herself to sleep only to wake up to try her 
first serious suicide attempt 
since she had been captured.  They felt her despair as Kagato stopped her, and 
ruthlessly stripped her mind 
of her memories and personality, leaving her as an empty shell awaiting his next 
command.

Not a word was spoken after Tsunami released her hold on their minds.  Every 
soul in the room reeled 
under the atrocity of what had happened to this young woman.  Many began to cry 
silently, unable to 
tolerate the levels of pain they still felt in their own hearts.  Even Washu and 
Tenchi who had known the 
story were terribly shaken from having to live it first person.

Tsunami leaned back looking grim.  "Ryoko is only guilty of taking on the onus 
for crimes committed by 
another."

The judge nodded weakly.  "Ryoko Hakubi, I pronounce you innocent," he said his 
head spinning.

Ryoko slumped into her seat, tears of relief springing to her eyes. The hate in 
the room was gone, people 
believed in her.  What was more, she finally believed it herself.  She had been 
forgiven at last.

Washu climbed the stairs and slid a comforting arm around Ryoko's shoulders.  
"Are you ready to go 
home, my little Ryoko?"


Chapter 12.

Ryoko eased into the warm water with a gusty sigh.  It was so good to be home.  
Yes, this place was her 
home, unlike anyplace she had been since she was a little girl.  She looked up 
through the Onsen's glass 
dome and watched the distant stars wink and whirl.  She could enjoy the stars 
from afar now, from the 
comfort of home.  Her legs stretched out, her knees dipping below the surface of 
the water.  Knowing she 
truly belonged to a specific pinpoint in the infinity of space and time brought 
warm feelings to the surface 
of her mind.  She had a place to hang her sword. She had people who cared if she 
lived or died.

Most importantly, she had family.   She had a mother who loved her no matter 
what.

Ryoko slipped deeper into the water, until it came to the upper bridge of her 
nose.  She blew bubbles with 
her breath, enjoying the gentle plipping sounds they made as they broke through 
to the surface.  So much 
had become clear over the last two weeks. Well, clearer anyway.

Ryoko closed her eyes and sank deeper, letting the water close over her head. In 
her mind's eye, she could 
still see her mother crouching over her, the look of mind blowing rage and 
protectiveness distorting her 
features.  In that moment, through their link and even as she herself was 
drifting into a coma, Ryoko had 
seen into the depths of Washu's soul.  The pain, the loss, and the love she bore 
for her daughter was crystal 
clear.  Washu loved Ryoko with every fiber of her being.  Every serious thing 
she had ever said was true.  It 
was now even more impossible for Ryoko to fool herself into thinking she was 
alone in the universe.  That 
no one cared.  Washu cared, and that love had very quickly found it's way into 
the darkest and most lonely 
corner of Ryoko's psyche.

And that changed everything.

There was no need to run, everything was stable here and she was safe.  It was 
hard to be bitter when the 
warm feelings of unconditional love whispered across a mental connection. And 
finally, it was hard to be 
self-destructive when it would so clearly hurt another. Two, others really.

Ryoko emerged from the water and took a deep breath, her thick hair turning a 
dull gun metal grey and 
laying flat against her head because of its wetness.  She stood up and reached 
behind her for the little 
wooden bucket of toiletries that waited by the water's edge.  She took up a wash 
cloth and rubbed it along a 
bar of simple soap, working up a thick lather.  She scooted up and sat on the 
wooden edge of the planking, 
with her long legs dangling in the water as she scrubbed her arms and torso.

Tenchi cared too.  Somehow she had gone from being a lost, nameless face to 
being the love of two 
singular individuals.  It was so hard to understand, it made her head hurt if 
she though about it too much.  It 
was just better to accept it and try to adapt. Just like she had always done, 
really.

But this would be an adaptation unlike any other she could remember clearly.  
Now that she had Tenchi's 
attention, she was at a loss for what to do.  Now she didn't need to be 
outrageous and shock him just to get 
him to look her fully in the eyes.  Now she didn't need or want to blow up a 
certain snotty princess. The old 
focuses of her life were superfluous now. How could she fill the void with out 
accidentally destroying the 
wonderful changes in her life?

She pulled a leg out of the water and balanced its ankle on the knee of her 
other leg.  She carefully washed 
between her toes as she pondered the point of her existence.  Okay, she had a 
place to stay: Check.  She 
wasn't a wanted criminal anymore, she didn't have to hide anymore: Check, check. 
She had her old 
memories to use to build a better future:. but what future did she want?  What 
future was she prepared 
for?  She never used to think beyond the moment because her tomorrows were never 
certain.  But now it 
seemed she had a yellow brick road of promise to explore.  But where did she 
want to go?

"Oh!  Ryoko. I didn't know you were in here!" stuttered Tenchi's voice, suddenly 
there when all had 
been silent moments before.

Her heart skipping erratically, Ryoko sprung to her feet, teetered on the edge 
of the planking, and fell into 
the water.  She let the water conceal everything below her neck, and self-
consciously brushed a water-laden 
lock of hair behind her ears.  Why hadn't she heard him come in?

"Oh. Tenchi." She could feel an uncharacteristic blush searing her cheeks. "Hi."

He stood there, wrapped in his towel, also blushing madly.  Yet he made no move 
to leave.  "What. what 
are you doing Ryoko?"

Suddenly at a loss for words, Ryoko looked down and muttered something about 
bathing.

"Ohhh. Bathing. Right. That's what Onsens are for!" Tenchi laughed nervously.  
Still he wasn't leaving.

"What do you want Tenchi?" she asked tensely, hating this awkward feeling.

He just looked at her, his eyes fighting the water's refraction, trying to get a 
better glimpse at what was 
hidden beneath the water's surface.

She turned even redder and refused to look at him directly.  Wrapping her arms 
protectively around her 
breasts, Ryoko stood up, turned away, and slowly waded to the other side of the 
Onsen.  At the other side, 
she remained standing with her back to him.

Tenchi sighed and turned towards the door.  He just wasn't any good at romance.  
And what was with 
Ryoko, anyway? This wasn't like her at all.

His hand was on the door when a pocket dimension opened eye level with him.  Now 
peering at him was 
the annoyed face of Washu.  She rolled her eyes and handed him a much folded 
slip of paper before the 
opening winked out.

Tenchi unfolded the paper and read Washu's hastily scrawled note.

Tenchi:

Geeze!!!   Go after her you idiot.  She might like to be chased too ya know!  -
W.

PS this note will self destruct right now!!!

Tenchi hurriedly dropped the paper, just as it exploded like a firecracker, and 
quickly burned away into 
nothingness.   He looked to Ryoko who still had her back to him and was leaning 
against the wooden 
decking of the floor on the far side of the pool. That Ryoko had not turned 
around, even for this noise 
astounded him.

And told him Washu was correct. With a steadier expression, Tenchi waded into he 
water. As he moved 
slowly towards Ryoko, he looked at her.  Really looked at her for the first 
time.  The pale skin of her 
shoulders and back stretched tightly over firm muscles.  The arch of her neck 
peeping out from under her 
long hair was beautifully proportioned, like a graceful swell of alabaster in a 
classical statue.  But it lacked 
the cold quality of stone, there was something warm and soft there too, 
something that wanted to be 
touched.

He had seen all of Ryoko's body in the past, but he hadn't been able to 
appreciate the sight.  Something 
was different now. Was it their new emotional connection?  Was he maturing? 
Maybe it was a mix of 
everything, but it didn't really matter.  He appreciated her beauty now, and 
wanted to be close to its 
warmth.  The very little revealed to him now teased him and he wanted to see 
more.  He wanted to feel it.

He paused a foot away from her and stared at her neck.  Now he could see damp 
strands of hair curling 
under her ear lobes, just begging to be brushed away so he could see even more 
of her skin.  The urge to 
taste that skin became almost over powering, but yet he didn't now what to do.  
He thought back to the 
books he had read and the movies he had seen.  Nothing seemed appropriate here. 
And that was assuming 
she really did want him to touch her.  He bit his lip, wishing he had a clue.

"What are you doing, Tenchi?" Ryoko asked, anxiety and anticipation warring in 
her tone.

Tenchi smiled.  Her voice told him, that for all of her big talk, she was just 
as nervous as he was.  He lifted 
his hands out of the water and placed them on her shoulders, eliciting a small 
gasp from her.  He leaned in 
and brushed his lips along that beautiful curve of her neck and closed his eyes 
in pleasure as she purred in 
her throat.  Knowing she enjoyed this was even better giving into the desire to 
kiss her.  He bared his teeth 
and took a little nibble enjoying the resiliency of her skin.

"Tenchi!" she cried out and threw her head back, the back of her head resting on 
his shoulder.

"Oh Ryoko," he murmured into her ear.  "You are so beautiful. I want to." he 
trailed off not sure what it 
was he wanted.  Instead he kissed around her ears and across her cheek, finally 
stopping to stay a while at 
her lips. Kissing her, he twisted her around and pulled her close, firmly 
gathering her body against his.  His 
thin towel did nothing to hide her body from him. The feeling of her curves 
pressed so tightly against his 
skin made him flush with a heat he hadn't known would consume him so completely. 
Every movement she 
made beneath him sent a shock wave through his nervous system.

He broke the kiss and noted he had backed her against the wall of the pool.  He 
ran the backs of his fingers 
over her cheek and kissed her briefly before he spoke.  "Ryoko, help me.  I 
don't know what you want me 
to do."  He kissed her again, drinking deeply of her flavor.  "Please tell me 
what to do."

A surprising expression of old hurt flashed into her eyes, and she buried her 
face into his neck.  "I don't 
know either, not really."

Tenchi kissed the top of her head. "I don't understand."

"It's hard to talk about," she murmured.

"I knew I would screw this up," Tenchi muttered angrily.  It was clear he had 
hurt her, and he had sworn 
never to do that again.

"No!" she shouted, raw emotion fraying the edges of her words.  She looked up at 
him, her eyes glittering 
fiercely.  "It's not you! Never you!"

Tenchi cupped her face in his hands.  "Then, please tell me."

She closed her eyes, a forlorn look settling across her features.  "Do you 
really, love me Tenchi?" her weak 
voice begged for assurance.

"You know I do."

"No matter what?"

"Ryoko, what has happened to you?" Tenchi asked feeling ill. 

Ryoko opened her eyes and pulled his hands away from her face.  She placed them 
palm to palm and 
covered them with her own hands as she carefully selected her words.

"Tenchi, you know that Kagato controlled me for a long time.  He controlled me 
completely, Tenchi."

Oh no. Tenchi's heart twisted as he guessed where the conversation was going.

"And Washu made me beautiful.  So. things.things were bound to happen," she said 
dully, distancing 
herself from the memory.

Tenchi sighed. Of course they were.  How could they have not?  He noticed Ryoko 
looking at him with an 
anxiety her words did not convey.  He smiled at her and gently tugged his hands 
free, using them to pull her 
into a loving embrace.  He knew that words alone would not be enough to comfort 
her. "Go on."

"Well, Tenchi, he had turned off my.well." she paused.  "I couldn't feel 
anything," she finished, her 
uncharacteristic embarrassment making her voice crack.

"Oh," Tenchi said, not really understanding what this meant.

"So after a while, as I grew older, sex just became another show of his complete 
power over me.  Just 
another thing I endured, nothing more."

A moment of silence hung thickly around them as they each contemplated the 
meaning of her words.

She pulled back and searched his face.  "Tenchi do you understand?  I don't know 
what to do either."

Tenchi chuckled and squeezed her tightly.  "That's okay. We can figure it out.  
But that's not what has you 
upset, is it?"  

She hung her head.  "No.  I feel unworthy of you, my Tenchi.  All used up."

Tenchi winced as a greater understanding of this woman dawned up on him. She had 
every meaningful and 
human experience either stolen or distorted by Kagato.  He had cruelly destroyed 
every avenue of her 
humanity. It was amazing that her soul had survived intact.  Tenchi leaned his 
forehead into hers, and spoke 
softly.

"The past only matters in so far as it can hurt you today.  Those days are over. 
While I would do all in my 
power to take that pain from you, I love the person you are and would not change 
you for anything."

She cried out, a strange mix of catharsis and a joyous shout. "Thank you, for 
understanding."

"No thank you," he looked tenderly into her eyes.  "I'm the unworthy one."

She smirked and pressed her lips against his, her mood changing with the speed 
that matched her mother's.  
"I'll remember that.  Where were we?"

Tenchi let her change the subject.  "I was about to do this," he said removing 
his towel and throwing it up 
on the deck where it landed with a wet slap.

Ryoko's eyes widened. "Oh!"

Tenchi snuggled in closer, smiling shyly as their skin touched.  "I think we 
were right about here."

Ryoko smiled back, a faint blush highlighting her cheeks.  "Then I suggest we 
take this to a place without 
cameras."

"Don't be a spoil sport, Little Ryoko!" whined Washu's voice out of nowhere.  

"Cameras?!?" Tenchi shouted, his nose starting to bleed.

"Shut up, Washu!  This is private!"  Ryoko growled wrapping her arms around 
Tenchi.

"I turned all of the cameras off but one!" Washu bargained. "Just a really, 
teeny, tiny one!"

"No!"  Ryoko blasted the remaining camera from its place within a tall tree.

"And my camera hardly counts at all," came Noboyuki's voice.

"Dad!" Tenchi shouted in disgust. "Cut it out!"

Frowning, Ryoko destroyed the family video camera as it sat perched behind a 
bush.

"WAHHHH!" Washu cried over the hidden speaker.  "Then we're coming in there!"

"Be my guest!" Ryoko kissed Tenchi swiftly. "Hang on."  In a flash they had 
teleported away.

Washu burst into the empty Onsen and stamped her foot when she saw she had 
missed them.  Noboyuki 
was only steps behind and burst into frustrated tears when he realized they were 
gone.  Washu leaned 
against a tree and smiled.  "Don't worry, It was a good thing I thought to 
install some new surveillance 
equipment on Ryo-Ohki!"

"Oh Tenchi. Your mother in heaven will be so proud!" sobbed Noboyuki.

Washu looked over at him and smirked, thinking of the market value of that tape. 
"And so will everybody 
on the internet," she thought rubbing her hands together greedily.

The end!

I hope you all liked my story. Many thanks go out to John Takis for his help 
with editing, character 
background tidbits, and encouragement.  Please drop me a line at shire@one.net 
and let me know what you 
thought of this fic!






