Ghosts and Avatars, chapter 2
by Aaron Bastin - kakapo101@hotmail.com
synopsis:  A kidnapping and some unpleasant words

Disclaimer:  This stuff is owned by other people, except for the stuff that 
isn't.  If you own the stuff I've used, please do not sue me.  Chances are 
you already have one hell of a lot more money than I do.

Ghosts and Avatars - Chapter 2 (Discordian Symphony)

	"Kevin?"
	Kevin shook his head, trying to clear it.  The pain in his head was getting 
worse, and he was having trouble concentrating.  He blinked and looked up.  
The varied members of the household were watching him with various levels of 
concern.
	"Are you all right?" asked Sasami.
	"I dunno," said Kevin, his voice sounding harsh in his own ears.  "Bit of a 
headache."  He reached for his glass of water.  It slid across the table a 
few inches and slapped into his hand.  He raised and drained it.
	There was a moment of silence.
	"Kev?  Did...did you do that on purpose?" asked Tenchi hesitantly.
	Kevin blinked.  "Do what?"
	Ryoko laid a gentle hand on his shoulder.  "Kevin -"
	White hot pain shot through Kevin's head.  He uttered a weak groan, 
covering his eyes, as words flashed through his head -
	<oh no something's wrong i should get washu>
	Ryoko's thoughts.  He knew the tang of her mind, but...something was wrong. 
  He shouldn't have been able to pick up thoughts she hadn't sent him, and 
they shouldn't be this clear, this painful.
	He looked up with wild eyes.  The din in his head was increasing.  He 
suddenly felt the pressure of new minds weighing down on him - he could feel 
the texture of their thoughts, feel the flame of Ryoko, the enveloping 
warmness of Tenchi, Mihoshi's confused blur.
	<gee kevin's acting weird hope he's not sick or anything>
	It was too much.  It hurt.  It HURT.
	<this isn't fair i thought he was gonna be okay>
	Kevin flung himself backwards, inching across the floor away from the 
table.  "Stop it," he whispered.  "Please."  The voices in his head only got 
louder.  He felt a new mind, close by, ancient and huge.
	<hang on, kevin, i'm coming.  it's gonna be okay> it said.
	He whimpered, flailing his hands at the others, who had sprung up to help 
him.  A plate suddenly lifted from the table, sailing across the room to 
shatter on the far wall.
	"What the -" began Tenchi.
	The table suddenly flipped over.  It sat there a moment before beginning to 
creak, and then it collapsed, splintering as though crushed in a massive 
fist.  Various shards of the table, cutlery, and dishes began to fly about 
the room.
	"Stop it!" shrieked Kevin.  Tears were pouring down his face, mingled with 
blood from the gouges his fingernails had torn in his convulsions.  His back 
was pressed against the wall, which started to form cracks.  "Make it stop!  
PLEASE!"
	The door to the lab slammed open.  Washu flew out of it at a dead run, 
bearing a small metallic dome in her hands.  She made for Kevin, shoving the 
others out of her way, and jammed it firmly over his head.
	Kevin stopped screaming.  There was a moment of silence, then a smatter of 
clunking sounds as the airborne debris fell to the ground.  He sighed, a 
weary, relieved half smile on his face, and then his eyes rolled up into his 
head as he slumped to the ground, unconscious.
	"Washu?" said Ryoko evenly.  "What's going on?"
	"Hey," said Sasami.  "Where's Tenchi?"

	First there was nothing, no sound, no light, no air, no lungs to breathe 
with.
	Then there was pain.
	He screamed, silently, as his body came back to life, piece by disjointed 
piece, and was torn apart again.  And again.  And again.
	At last, it was over.  He whimpered softly, wobbled a bit and keeled over, 
his body refusing to obey his commands.  He had to get up, had to move, to 
fight!
	His arm twitched a little, raising perhaps a half inch above the ground, 
then collapsed back to the floor in a boneless pile.
	"Welcome," said a soft, soothing voice from somewhere nearby.  He forced 
his eyelids open, but something was wrong - all he could see was a formless 
white blur.  He felt himself gathered up in gentle arms, felt the errant, 
sweaty hair brushed back from his forehead.
	"Shh," said the voice.  "I know it hurt, but everything is all right now.  
Now that you're here.  Welcome home, Tenchi."
	He meant to growl, but somewhere between his mind and his throat it became 
a sob.  Tenchi Masaki, far from home, alone, weakened beyond mortal 
endurance, began to cry.
	Skada held him close, made soft, comforting sounds.  Her smile looked like 
a slit throat.

	Kevin swam uneasily back towards consciousness.  There had been a dream 
again, something important, but...no, it was gone.  What the hell...?
	He blinked, his eyes squinting in the aseptic whiteness.  A bright light 
stared down at him, and beyond that, a sterile, featureless ceiling.
	Washu's medical lab, thought Kevin.  Figures.  But what am I doing here?  I 
feel brain-scrambled...
	Like a demented pixie summoned by an unwise thought, Washu's face popped 
into his field of vision.
	"Well, well, look who's up!"
	"Washu-chan?  What's happening?"
	"Well, more than I have time to explain right now, kiddo.  Get up."
	"Aw, Washu, I feel like hell -" Kevin whined.
	A look of pure iron dropped across Washu's face.  "First off, it's 
Washu-CHAN.  Secondly, we don't have time for your tender sensibilities.  If 
you didn't want to deal with being a mere mortal, you shouldn't have given 
up the power of Kain."
	Kevin sat up, fast, gritting his teeth against a sudden surge of nausea.
	"That," he hissed, staring into her eyes, "is not fair."
	Washu shrugged.  "Maybe.  Maybe not.  Whatever the case, it's time for you 
to take a little responsibility for yourself."
	"I don't-"
	"Save it.  There's no time."  She reached out and grabbed him by the 
forearm.
	<ryoko, we're ready,> she sent telepathically.
	Kevin's eyes widened.  He heard her,  clear as a bell, inside his mind.
	Then the world fell apart.
	When it reformed, he was sitting in a heap on the deck of the Ryo-Ohki, 
feeling, if it was at all possible, worse.
	Washu immediately made a beeline for the command chair, where Ryoko and 
Ayeka were huddled around a small holoscreen.  "All right," she said 
briskly.  "How are we doing?"
	"Almost finished.  These vectors are so cockeyed it's taking forever to 
work them out," replied Ryoko.
	"All right, I'll help.  Ayeka, go fill in Kevin, wouldja?"
	"But-" started Ayeka, then stopped when she saw the expression on Washu's 
face.  She stomped over and sat crosslegged on the deck, a careful few paces 
from where Kevin was slumped.
	Silence reigned for a few long moments.
	Kevin sighed.  "Princess?  Can I be blunt for a moment?"
	"Ah, blunt.  What a refreshing change in your communicative skills."
	He ignored her.  "You don't like me.  That's fine.  I don't like you 
either.  But right now there's obviously something important happening, and 
I can't help if I don't know what's going on."
	Ayeka looked at him briefly, her features softening.  Then she looked away.
	"After you collapsed, we realized Tenchi was gone.  We thought perhaps that 
your...episode...had frightened him, or injured him, so we looked about the 
grounds for some time before Washu realized the proximity sensors in her lab 
had gone off.  She was so busy looking after you"- her voice held poorly 
disguised blame -"that she did not see them immediately.  Tenchi was 
transported from the surface, through several teleport relays, and finally 
to a ship, which jumped to hyperspace immediately."
	Kevin blinked.  "Why the relays?  Isn't that dangerous?"
	A worried look crossed Ayeka's face, then came back and camped there.  
"Yes," she said softly.  "Very."
	"Then why?"
	"It is a simple matter of hyper-physics.  Do you not know this?"
	Kevin shook his head ruefully.  "The Ark never went beyond conventional 
speeds.  It's beyond me."
	Ayeka took a deep breath, letting it out slowly.
	"All right," she said.  "Ships cannot enter hyperspace inside systems - the 
gravity tides are too great.  When ships enter hyperspace, they leave a 
vapor trail.  Ions and such.  This can be tracked.  However, it can be hard 
to locate if you do not know the precise point of departure-"
	"So the relays allowed the ship to nab Tenchi and jump immediately, while 
delaying us.  Clever," said Kevin.
	"It is insane," snapped Ayeka.  "Are you aware of how many things could go 
wrong during a multiple transport like that?  Chances are against his coming 
out the other side, let alone...let alone..." her face contorted and she 
turned away from Kevin, shaking slightly.
	Kevin reached out.  "Ayeka...?"
	She shook her head, wiping her eyes hurriedly.  "I...I'm fine."
	"Bracelet," called Washu over her shoulder.
	"Huh?" said Kevin.
	"Ah!  I nearly forgot," said Ayeka.  "Look at your left wrist."
	Kevin blinked, and looked.  On his wrist was a small metallic band, clasped 
with a small dark gemstone.
	He looked back up at Ayeka, waiting for an explanation.
	"Your genetic material has stopped mutating.  You are...fully Jurian.  And 
something more.  A telepath.  Of the old kind."
	Kevin frowned.  "The old kind...?"
	"The kind that perished - or so we thought - in the Rift.  Their power was 
legendary, their might unrivalled.  Telepathic from birth, their skills grew 
to such strength that thousands of minds could be read - or controlled - by 
a single person.  Many of them also had formidable telekinetic talents."
	"So why the bracelet?"
	Ayeka frowned.  "You were not telepathic from birth, you had no one to 
teach you the necessary control.  You still do not.  That bracelet contains 
your power to those you touch."
	Kevin opened his mouth, then shrugged.  "Fine.  When can I take it off?"
	Ayeka shook her head.  "Kevin, you must understand this.  You lack the 
training and experience needed to control yourself.  There is no one to give 
it to you, and trying to learn by experience would shatter your mind and 
everyone near you.  You can never take it off."
	Kevin looked down.  "Great," he muttered.
	"And...done!"  Exclaimed Washu.  The stars wavered, stretched and became a 
murky blue field as the Ryo-Ohki miya'd its way into hyperspace.  She leaned 
back, blowing her bangs from her eyes.  "Well, kids, we've got a couple 
hours, at least.  Ayeka, would you run down and let everyone know we're 
underway?  We should all get a couple hours rest."
	Ayeka nodded, rose gracefully to her feet and padded off towards the 
cabins.  Washu followed her, pausing to lay her hand on Kevin's hand for a 
moment.
	<if you can spare a sec, i'd like to talk to you in my quarters> she sent.  
Kevin winced slightly at the new sensation, then sent back, <i'll be right 
down>.
	Washu left.
	"Ryoko?"
	"Mmm?" she hadn't moved from the command chair, staring into the starfield.
	"Uh...you okay?"
	"Fine."
	"Right."  At a loss for anything to say, Kevin hesitated for a moment, then 
turned and followed Washu.
	I'm coming, Tenchi, thought Ryoko.  Hang on.

	Tenchi shook his head, struggling to remain upright.  He couldn't hang on 
to anything...his legs buckled under him.  He collapsed back onto the small 
bunk he had been provided with.
	I've been drugged, he realized with the sudden crystal clear clarity that 
one can only achieve when one is not in a legal frame of mind.  The thought 
floated around in his head searching for something to attach itself to.  
Drugged?  By who?  Why?  He felt so weak, after what he'd been 
through...been through...what HAD he been through, anyway?  It all seemed 
like a dream.
	He shook his head.  No, he thought, forcing his way through the fog of the 
drug.  No.  I have to hold on.
	Tenchi raised his head.  He was in a small, featureless cell, barely big 
enough for the bunk.  Where...where was he?  Where was everyone?  He was 
alone.  That wasn't right.  Their strength lay in unity.  
Unity...with...with who?
	"Ayeka," he whispered, his words slurred.
	"AYEKA!"

	Skada smiled, watching the small monitor.
	"Bravo, Tenchi," she whispered to herself.  "I'd have been very 
disappointed if you gave up this soon."
	"Mmm," grunted the man sitting next to her.  "Especially considering the 
fee you paid us."
	She waved off his comment with a negligent shooing gesture.  "Money is of 
no consequence.  One of the Earthers said, 'A good friend is the best thing 
in all the worlds, and a good enemy is the next best thing'.  A wise man.  
I'm looking forward to seeing him broken."
	Her companion shifted in his seat, uncomfortably.  "Nevertheless.  You 
understand that the fee is nonrefundable, yes?"
	Skada slowly turned to look at him.  He swallowed.
	"Unsure of your success all of a sudden, Ono?"
	Ono wiped his hand over his thick jowls, laden with a dark three day beard, 
and readjusted his considerable bulk again.  "Well.  We have never been 
known to fail, but if half the things you've told me about the subject are 
true, well...he's an unknown, isn't he?"
	Skada turned back to the monitor.  She seemed supremely unruffled.
	"You and your people have one month, Ono.  If by the end of that time your 
process is unsuccessful, well...then I'll try my way."
	"And that is...?"
	Skada's smile widened until it was nearly a grimace.
	"It's like peeling an onion."

	"Washu-chan?"
	Kevin poked his head through the entrance to Washu's chambers.  He blinked. 
  It was an exact replica of her lab back on Earth...or it was the same one, 
for all Kevin knew.  Subspace.  Thinking about it gave him headaches.
	"Yeah," she muttered, not looking up from her holographic computer.  "C'mon 
in."
	Kevin ambled into the room, looking around.  Finally Washu turned to him, 
steel in her eyes.
	"We gotta talk."
	Kevin shifted nervously under her gaze.  "Washu...er, chan...what's wrong?"
	She studied him clinically for a few seconds.  "Kev...how do you feel about 
your new abilities?"
	Kevin opened his mouth, then closed it.  "I'm...not sure.  It's a bit of a 
shock."  He glanced down at the bracelet he wore.  "Sometimes...sometimes it 
feels like I'm always trading one set of chains for another."
	"Yeah," said Washu, a tinge of sarcasm in her voice.  "Kevin...you have to 
get yourself together."
	"What?" protested Kevin.
	"I mean it, if you don't get your ass and your elbow wired together (as you 
Earthers so charmingly put it) I'll do it for you."
	"Hey, listen -" started Kevin, his face clouding with anger.
	"No, YOU listen.  Kevin, you've had to live your whole life as a basically 
good guy saddled with a terrible, destructive power that you never wanted.  
You got through it better than most would have.  Good for you.  When I have 
the time, I'll give you a lollipop.  But if you think you got through it 
without any scars at all, you're sadly mistaken."
	"I'm well aware of the scars Kain has left in me," Kevin said stiffly.
	"Shut UP!"  Exploded Washu.  Kevin gaped at her.  "That's exactly what I'm 
talking about!  I'm not talking about what Kain did to you, I'm talking 
about what you did to yourself.  To cope.  You're a victim.  A poor-me.  
You're cursed because of Kain, then you're cursed because you're a normal 
person, then you're cursed because you're a telepath."
	Kevin stared unbelievingly at her.  "This is total bullshit.  Why the 
sudden lecture on my personality problems all of a sudden?"
	Washu pursed her lips.  "Because being a victim let you strike back 
sometimes.  Because you were justified.  And when you did, there was no 
holding back.  Look inside, Kevin.  Is the rage really gone?  Was it really 
Kain?"
	Kevin snarled.  "You do NOT understand what I've been through!"
	"Tough!  Do I look like a freakin' people person to you?"
	A moment of silence ticked past.
	"Your point?" grated Kevin at last.
	"Just this.  You CAN'T let go this time.  I don't care what your reasons 
are, you take off that bracelet, you try to let loose even a tenth of your 
power and you WILL kill yourself.  And everyone near you.  That means me, 
Ayeka, Nobuyuki, Katsuhito, Sasami, and Mihoshi.  And my daughter.  Hope you 
can deal with that."
	Kevin turned away, then looked back.  "More lies.  I couldn't kill YOU."
	Washu paled slightly.  "What..."
	"I've felt your MIND, Washu.  I don't know what's in there, but I felt it.  
You're ancient.  And powerful.  I think I know what you are.  And I've had 
hints as to what all this is about.  And you dare to tell me to get myself 
together?   You just better be sure you know what you're doing, Washu.  You 
just better not get us all killed.  I hope YOU can live with THAT."
	They locked gazes again, and this time it was Washu who looked away.
	Kevin strode to the door, opening it with a furious gesture.  He looked 
back again.
	"By the way," he said.  "Why didn't you just weld it together so I can't 
take it off?"
	Washu didn't turn to face him.  "I did," she said quietly.
	Kevin absorbed this.
	"Fuck you," he said, and then he was gone.
	Washu sat in the silence and the stillness of the lab.
	"It's all going wrong," she whispered to no one in particular.  "The 
prophecies didn't say anything about this."
	For the first time in a long, long time, Washu was suddenly very afraid.

AUTHOR'S NOTE:  Ahh...back from yet another extended hiatus.  Don't panic, 
this is not a cheap attempt to kick Tenchi out of the picture...quite the 
opposite, in fact.  I find taking a break always gives me new insights into 
the story, and different directions to take it...hope you're enjoying the 
ride as much as me.  As always, I crave comments and criticisms...I'm at 
kakapo101@hotmail.com.

ADDITIONAL NOTE:  People have been after me for some time to nail down 
exactly which continuity I'm writing in.  There has been some speculation 
that, due to somewhat mixed elements, I don't know what the hell I'm talking 
about.  Well, truth is that I much prefer the OAV continuity, but really 
enjoyed TMiL and wanted to expand on the whole Kain thing.  So I did a mix 
and match:  this is in fact a reality located almost exactly between the 
reality constants of the OAV and TV worlds.
As to whether or not I know what the hell I'm talking about, well...that's 
neither here nor there, really.
