(Part Thirty-Six - Angels and Ministers of Grace Preserve Us..)

I stood in the GP station's hastily setup presentation chamber, off to 
a shadowed area looking around; though it more looked like a badly 
constructed war room of sorts, since this was where a major decision 
was about to be debated upon. All around the room stood, talked, all of 
the above; several high ranking Admirals and Grand Marshals, Facet's-
Alpha, and Supreme Commanders of some of the most prestigious and 
powerful Fleets and Armies across known space. 
And along one somewhat secluded area of the largish room, was many of 
the faces I knew well, only the goddesses, and younger non-involved 
members of the clan were gone, obvious this didn't include the Knights 
team, the particulars that either were honored to fight the war, or 
just were the violent type, and also Mihoshi, just to keep everyone 
else on edge as usual.
Not present, but soon to be anyway were the leaders of the various 
empires, including Minister Naja, and several other leaders from minor 
States also dragged into the conflict.

Soon they too arrived, as Emperor Fenganis came in first, announced 
perfunctorily; and followed by Azusa, the Kartasian Emperor Areait, the 
Alcorian President Prime Xoinaia (The leaders of the Alcorians have the 
shortest names, a trait of power and prestige), their wives, spouses, 
um.. whatever.. followed behind, all taking places around a U shaped 
metal meeting table, with lots of techno-tidbits slaved into the table 
for the leaders to use if necessary. 
And.. the meeting started with an overall status report of the current 
battle lines, as well as semi-interesting layovers of where major 
battlefield forces, and naval forces were arrayed, mostly to say that 
the multiple invasion routes the Hylians/DJ had opened were essentially 
sealed. It also was reported that it had been three weeks since the 
last major move by the enemy; though good signs of behind the scenes 
action near the two sector area of the Hylian/Fungesian border. The 
obvious was clear from all the faces I glanced at.
The topic then moved to intelligence reports concerning the possible 
interior health of the Hylians themselves, as well as a presentation by 
Funaho and Washu concerning the data from the Centeria; the initial 
picture painted by the reports indicated a populace quite uneasy about 
a war they didn't want.. the information in regard to the Hylian 
Imperial Family was circumspect, and details circumstantial. It was 
assumed that the Family was still on Hylia Alpha due to political 
needs. But DJ dispositions regarding politics usually resulted in 
blood, so if the Hylian Family was still alive, they might not for much 
longer..

It was then decided by the gathered, that the only way to deal with the 
war, was to deal with the particulars around the main cancer source. 
Hylia and Traquis were chosen as primary targets, and the route led to 
Hylia Prime first.
That's when Washu called my name forth, and then all eyes followed, 
(and I REALLY hate the feeling of all eyes on ya.. ugh..) which then I 
brought up the codes Washu and Yasani had discovered (and Mihoshi 
almost destroyed, but I digress..) at which point Tenchi had a 3-D holo 
globe project at the center of the room, and as I continued to describe 
our intentions, Tenchi had already came up with a plan to rescue the 
Hylian Family, as well as take down the core of the Hylian Command 
structure, and possibly; at the very least, disrupt the Hylian Front 
long enough to bear all forces on the Traquis and neutralize them. That 
would leave the Collective, and the DJ. At minimum, we could limit our 
opponents; as well as the length of the war, which was looking like an 
ageless one at current retrospect. 
Tynusu then stepped up, and described the forces we would use to try 
the impossible. And.. um.. what was described literally MADE the entire 
endeavor impossible, at first glance anyway..

A single Task Force, inserted in the midst of a military offensive, the 
location direction and timetable were secret and open to situational 
requirements, the vessels disposed was the real surprise, only twenty 
vessels, which considering the numbers seen so far, seemed suicidal.
But a mission such as this, I parlayed; required as little attraction 
to oneself as possible. Plus, something like this had the tendency to 
be overlooked, if done properly..
There were other things discussed, but most resided out of care of my 
mind anyway, plus Ryoko and Ayeka were showing warning signs; in which 
Tenchi escorted them out, soon after, the rest of the proceedings 
ended.
After that came several events that suprised me, starting with when I 
had excused myself from the chamber, and found Funaho and Tokimi 
discussing something quietly in a corner, a mental tug forced me to end 
up in that direct, where Funaho then excused herself, and then left.. 
giggling. My confusion piqued when suddenly I saw reality bend and 
reform into a familiar place beyond existence.  Tokimi read my mind and 
corrected me with the fact that this was a true existence, since to be 
there was enough, I only shrugged rather than argue. 

The honey like voice behind the honey like brunette hair then seemed to 
phase out, and back up to her preferred position above me. I felt a tug 
then that I assumed to be D-3 suggested me that I kneel, and so I did. 
There I was waiting as who knows how much time passed. Then the voice 
returned, as two voices in one. I knew the second as my beloved, and 
then I 'saw' the two in the same place, as one of the shadow outlines 
behind Tokimi's immense form turn and merge into Tokimi's. 
I got a BAD feeling when the hybrid T and T voice started voicing words 
in a way that made me sound like a material contract of some sort. I 
felt hints of skin rubbing against mine, like a passing echo, as they 
spoke in a tongue that more and more suggested the time had come to 
seal a bargain. 
Tsunami's voice then came forefront, and asked me if I remembered the 
history of Jur, and the events that led to the Foundation, centerpiece 
to this Tsui's relationship with my ancestor. I responded of course, 
and then was asked how I felt about Tsunami, Tokimi, and then Gaia as 
well.. 

I felt like a trap had been sprung, and inferred that this might not be 
the time to push romantic ventures in this critical phase. Course then 
being told all this was taking place within a fraction of a second of 
time, started making me sweat bullets.
I then though for a moment, and then came up with a bargain of my own, 
I would answer with all my heart, of they would tell me why I was so 
dammed important rather than Tenchi. I always wondered why I was so 
bloody special, when it was Tenchi that was actually the more powerful 
Lighthawk user. Heck, he was a future Emperor in the making, any dolt 
with a brain could see it, and his stature seemed only more logical for 
the goddesses to latch onto. To be blunt, I was kinda uncomfortable 
with the idea that I was supposedly more worthy of attention of 
Dimensionals than Lord Tenchi was.
I got a simple statement in response, Tenchi was the product of 
evolution and timing to create the perfect Wing user, I was a product 
of a celestial agreement far beyond mortal understanding. I felt 
incredulous, I was a WHAT!?!
I then heard 'crying', a young child's cry..

I looked to my left, and saw the same child I had been shown back at 
Christmas, except now, the image was now about Sasami's age (with 
hairstyle to match), and.. was moving towards me.. her lower portion of 
her body sheathed in a celestial glow. Her eyes seemed to flicker in 
the eyes colors of her three 'mothers'.. no, mothers in truth..
Her hair was as long as Sasami's as well, as she had mixed teal and 
burnt blond hair, signifying the primary parents, and then the white 
hair strand running off the left ear, and a honey blond strand off the 
right ear, and before I had recovered my composure she had fell into my 
arms, crying 'Daddy' over and over.. 
I then remembered. The eight months had passed, I had missed her 
'birth'. 
Tokimi's voice then boomed over, as this was the 'reason' that I had 
been chosen, now the goddesses couldn't go into conflict with each 
other, as long as I accepted my new title. 

I knew I wasn't being forced, heck; the entire prodding process 
starting from 50,000 years ago had been a completely enjoyable 
experience; uneasy, but enjoyable through about.. no.. every layer of 
belief and feeling. After thinking that, I mentally clicked, and 
accepted my new charge; which, automatically answered the rest of my 
question. 
Course the explanation, that my relationship with one Dimensional 
placed me at the apparent mercy of any other 'interested' parties. This 
made me wonder reflexively if Tsunami, Tokimi, Gaia, Washu, and Achika 
were the only ones out there, remembering words rendered by Creation 
and Lord Kosihito. I hugged my new daughter, and found the name coming 
back: Isarra, of the life that unites I was told the chosen translation 
(and no it isn't of any Earth dialect, hell I don't ask questions when 
my hear hurts. =--=)

Then I was forced into my part of the bargain. (which since Gaia wasn't 
there, felt weird.. didn't know why..)

I started by describing Tsunami, whom I knew best, (a hazarded guess, 
but anywho..), she was force that made full use of the weave of life 
around her, and her power was to give the next best thing to godhood, 
with the same level of responsibility given as a price. She gave at 
times more compassion than could be justified in the cold logic of the 
universe, and even colder logic of Logic itself. Sasami I placed as her 
greatest accomplishment, for the above reason overriding any other 
flimsy excuses. And finally, as a personal embellishment, Tsunami was 
why I woke up in two different timelines, each day, even more now after 
my recent experiences; to deliberately take for granted, and still come 
back to see her, and her love as unique enough to cherish and defend. 
Sacrifice and blood were proper tribute for her love, already given in 
amounts each.
Tokimi, I saw as the part Tsunami lacked, and yet; wasn't finding 
myself overawed by her. If evolution resulted in such beings, then the 
hand of evolution had done it's work like a perfect record, singing the 
songs of time itself. All these rolled into a shell of a babe didn't 
hurt either. 
Finally, Gaia.. The echo of Tsunami, the mirror of Tokimi. Both held as 
a sliver, that she made unique; and then put together a concoction on 
top of that, that made her in justice an equal sister of beauty and 
knowledge as her brethren. Plus the white hair was plain sexy to myself 
anyway..

As I finished, and a moment of silence digested my words, I then was 
asked the most dangerous question a woman could ask a man. And no, it 
wasn't about wardrobe or weight gain.
Did I love Gaia and Tokimi as equally as Tsunami?
Oh gods, I felt myself crack like dry wheat under a combine.
For the first time in my entire life, even worse than EVEN torture I 
had endured, I felt a-b-s-o-l-u-t-e-l-y terrified. My emotions all 
flooded me in a single, ice cold system shock, of a moment.
I then.. felt myself.. stammer; in a voice that detached from me.. 

..yes..

I didn't know why, as Isarra beheld me, as I realized I had sweated 
buckets; that that word actually rang true.
Then Isarra turned my head, and said thank you.. and then touched my 
head..
I then saw reality flash back into the GP station, this time; 
mercifully, into a private conference room.
I knew then my life had just turned a severe corner. 

And I slowly felt, pride; bubbling up..

I found I had about an hour to think in private; and was about through 
digesting the new reality, when suddenly a LOUD voice was calling my 
name, echoing through the halls nearby.. it was Kagato.
I let out a mental ping, and Kagato phased in next to the doorway. His 
face had the look of one that witnessed something even he couldn't 
comprehend.
And as I let myself be led along, I mistakenly believed that my recent 
experience told me I had saw it all..

I - was - DEAD - wrong..

I reached the GP monitoring section of the base, where most of the 
faces I knew had gathered, with Azusa and Washu in front. I asked what 
was up, and then got told something I immediately retorted as 
ridiculous. The GP Grand Marshal was there, and used a tone that made 
my insides feel helpless.
..it.. couldn't be.. true..

..but it was..

Thirty-seven minutes before I was found, a severe gravimetric 
distortion was detected, as the shock wave was about only 2/10th of 
original strength; it had resided from outside the Milky Way Galaxy, 
and had taken only four days to traverse thirty billion light-years.
It had centered where Galaxy JGS-0124 was supposed to be..
..except, it wasn't where it was supposed to be..

A GP vessel that had 'somehow' survived the event, barely made it back 
with the data as proof..
Where the Galaxy was, now as a super-spatial structure equivalent to a 
quantum singularity..
..or a galaxy sized black hole.. the entire Galaxy had imploded out of 
existence!!!!!!!

The immediate impact, was that the target Galaxy had been one of the 
'battle lines' between the Hylian and Juraian forces. A elliptical 
Colony Galaxy of about 700 worlds, split between the two powers; with 
about 8.4 trillion souls overall.
And at the time of battle, about three Grand Battle Fleet commands from 
each side had been vying over the area, along with sixty Spacetrees on 
various Treeships..
Now.. it was all a single, massive grave yard.

..the effect was immediate.

None of us could comprehend the scale of all this, we all felt so 
unbelievably helpless, so many innocent people snuffed in an act of 
complete horror. Worse, was the fact it could only be the work of a 
single entity.. the word was silently agreed upon.
Friends and Lovers beheld each other in shock, grief, anger, all the 
above. Myself comforting Sasami.. while wondering if my new beloveds, 
and one old.. felt the same way? And.. how couldn't they have warned 
me?
It took awhile, but the war stopped in the meantime, the severity of 
the event TOO much for ANY side, barring the DJ, to immediately 
continue. A few sporadic DJ attacks, and current hot zones were all 
that really flared up for two days. And it was in this small time 
period in times eternity, that the entire war suddenly shifted in our 
favor..

..permanently..

It began with Washu going through an exhaustive series of tests, to 
determine the cause of the 'event'. It was determined that the DJ was 
using a truly unique weapon based on the designs of the Dimensional 
Cannon. But that weapon was only designed to affect only up to a small 
Galaxy. This new weapon could do up to a medium sized one, and could 
possibly do a Large Spiral Class Galaxy; the nature of the exact weapon 
was unknown, but it was safe to determine that this weapon still was 
bound to the laws of physics, and that it couldn't be fired anytime 
soon. Pray to the Angels that this was true. Pray as hard as one can..
It was also determined, MUCH to my schagrin, that the weapon had 
probably gone through a field 'test', on Amnlad.. apparently the demon 
had used the politics of the matter to make me commit to a bad move. 
I had to take a drink after that one..  Ryoko joined me..

By the end of the second day I mentioned, the political landscape of 
our enemies had changed. 
First came in reports that there were disruptions in the supply lines 
of the Hylian Fleet Command; most noticeably around the supposed 
invasion lane for the Fungesian offensive. Funaho then started 
reporting through operative sources that a great deal of unrest was 
occurring in most Hylian provinces, and that there was even talk of 
outright rebellion in some Systems.
By the start of the third day, when the expected invasion of Fungesia 
by the Hylians never came, we started seeing really why..
The Hylians had gone from theory, to reality, as almost 30 percent of 
the empire suddenly was in complete rebellion. Then came sporadic 
reports of Hylian defections, and the Alliance Intel sections were 
scrambling to confirm all the reports, then came word later that day, 
of a whole Fleet defection, into of all places, the Akara Sovereignty! 
That made about 1,500 vessels of all types betraying their own war 
effort.
The situation had degraded so severely by the fourth day of the revolt, 
that the lines of the Juraian and Alcorian fronts had essentially 
dissolved back into their respective empires control, and that even 
more Fleet elements had defected, in the amounts of two Fleets, mostly 
of Hylian loyals that were suddenly fed up with Dark Jurai control.

The destruction of Galaxy JGS-0124 had taken a great number of Hylian 
forces as well, and if reports from defectors were accurate, no DJ 
forces..
They had been BADLY hosed.
I was sitting in the war room on Fungesia with most of my Knight team, 
Kagato, Funaho, Rosusn, and Washu, as aides kept bringing in incredible 
reports of the massive revolt. Even Kagato was moved by the scale of 
the event, saying that the people of that realm finally had found some 
backbone. Funaho shrugged off the inference, and then noted that this 
all didn't include any information about the objective of the coming 
campaign. Vycan then put forth that his brethren, in the belief that 
they fought as if the Royal Family was still alive.
This sounded like wishful thinking, but Vycan wasn't the type to be 
fanciful, his passions had fact based in it..

Then Washu started stabbing at data from the Pirate front, and this was 
even MORE startling..
All raids stopped.. no reports of any shipping lanes having been 
attacked.. Funaho responded by arguing the validity of the data, and 
got the seal of her own intelligence section; displayed on a decrypted 
document..
How the Pirates would suddenly abandon their raids after so long, even 
after a great amount of history of attacking no matter the 
circumstance, almost looked like it was linked to the revolt somehow.. 
or they just didn't know how to continue on now..
Kagato then just snuffed into the air, and mocked us for worrying about 
why all this was happening, and not instead taking advantage of it.. 
Rosusn agreed, more on the basis of trying to rescue the Hylian Family, 
if nothing else than to make the Hylian Empire break away from the 
Traquis and DJ forces.

Funaho then got a new intelligence report from an aide..
A deep operative was on a heavy belief that the Family WAS arrive.. (we 
must have been on Murphy's good side. *shrug*) ..The word spread 
quickly, and within a day's time, the miniature Task Force was quickly 
gathered around the primary spacedock orbiting Fungesia Prime.. I met 
the Crown Prince on his ship, and found him fighting advances by 
Ryoko.. (not much, since he's married after all..) After a couple of 
minutes the young Misaki finally giving up and twirling Ryoko around 
for an impromptu waltz; and a subsequent 'demand' from Ayeka receive 
fair treatment.. (and a dance..), I finally let out a loud chuckle, and 
with the expected glares. 
Tenchi and I exchanged relevant data, and then a few quotes about 
married life, after which Ryoko threw in a few barbs concerning my and 
Tsui's relationship. At this point, I gave my regards and a private 
personal thanks that no one outside the High-Dimensional realm knew 
more than I did. After this we all made a promise that, when; not if, 
we all survived this war, that we'd all head to a special place for 
nothing more than to celebrate. An hour later, I was back aboard my 
vessel, as Ange and Prlras reported that all systems were ready.
Another two hours later, the tiny Fleet spearheaded by the Soujya, 
Hikari, and Sele`nta moved out of the docks.

It took a couple of days, as we masked our movements as closely as 
possible, hugging stellar anomalies, and even passing close to the 
Toalh Nebula as a demonstration, before 'disappearing' into a preplaced 
dimensional doorway, especially made by Washu and the Science Academy.. 
(top secret.. sorry..); which landed us just inside the Hylian border, 
along the Alcorian border..
It was then, that a full six pronged offensive began, as over eighty 
Battle Fleets from all alliance Empires and States hammered into the 
Hylian, Traquis, and DJ lines. The force of the attack was so hard, 
that we only encountered three patrols on the way to Hylia Alpha. With 
tension at a high level, we moved to within two parsecs before we 
stopped.
We moved into a nearby Nebula to plan the next phase of the attack, as 
well as eavesdrop on enemy communications, as well as to ascertain the 
level of unrest in-system. I had Vycan and Yasani begin quietly hacking 
into the Hylian Datanetwork. Meanwhile, Kagato transmitted via lasercom 
that he was ready to broadcast the codes, as well as sync the Gems from 
Ryoko into a single hyper-pulse. It was hoped that these three 
disruptions would get us enough time to use the 'Tokimi maneuver'; 
hence getting us within four hundred thousand kilometers, and 
positioned to take out the main orbital defense platforms, and then 
literally storm the palace in the confusion. 

At least two of the three worked. The third was a surprise.

As Soujya began transmitting, a small patrol of three Hylian Destroyers 
suddenly pounced from hyperspace, which Soujya easily defeated, but 
surprise was lost..
With Kagato and Ryoko suddenly occupied, Mihoshi and Kiyone took over 
the code sequence job. As they transmitted, Yasani announced that a 
transmission was being received openly from the Hylian Fleet Command 
itself. 
The whezzened Admiral that came up, spoke in a drawl bequeathing 
immediate assistance. Then Vycan yelled out that a second patrol had 
jumped into the area, just as a third jump of a Dreadnought pounced the 
two Destroyers that were coming at us.. Hikari and the Hylian 
Dreadnought blew away the Destroyers with relative ease.
Tenchi then ordered the Task Force to jump immediately, even with the 
defense codes not having even verified taking down the grids.. so.. we 
put fate in the drivers seat.

In using the 'Tokimi maneuver' we placed the Task Force in the 
appropriate place, finding the codes must have worked, only to find a 
full scale battle in progress. All around us, Hylian warships traded 
fire with one another. To our collective starboard, the station we had 
targeted was a burning hulk, and hundreds of escape pods burning 
towards the planet, some damaged and burst against the atmosphere..
The main portion of the fight was taking place between Hylia and one of 
it's larger moons: Coreliaa. A second battle was taking place more 
towards the southern hemisphere area of Hylia; and the third was coming 
straight at us. Tenchi ordered the Fleet dispersed, and all Wings 
deployed. (even on the Fungesian ships.. more on that later..)
Tenchi was acting off more impulse, and left the battle to his 
commanders, while I had Sele`nta move into a blocking maneuver, placing 
us behind the burning station. Meanwhile, Kagato moved the Soujya off 
on it's own, as he laid down blistering fire into the coming enemy. The 
Hikari then moved to meet a pair of Heavy Cruisers; where it suddenly 
got help from a group of Frigates/Destroyers, staving off the assault. 

IN midst the chaos, the Hylian Admiral came up again, by the name of 
Sevar; and told us to program our IFF decoders to a subspace frequency 
that shown which Hylian vessels were allied. The shock was, over 70 
percent of the dots became green, with most of the red dots near our 
position. (I hate Murphy..) and the main battle. I then asked if Sevar 
knew if the Family was still alive, and finally got our first 
confirmation. Unfortunately, before Sevar could relay the exact 
coordinates, his transmission was severed; and a bright flash off our 
port came all too close to be coincidence. Sevar's vessel was dead.
Then I saw it, and somehow knew the owner of the vessel, as a unique 
looking Dark Jurai Dreadnought bore toward us.. I had Ketira focus the 
Wings to port, and then started concentrating on my Key..

The DJ Treeship then began displaying Wings of it's own, twice as large 
as our own. It should have struck me to the nature of the device 
creating the Wings, but was lost as I had Brentai and San begin 
releasing the safety locks from the Sele`nta's overcharge coils. With 
ships all around us dying, and even thousands more mecha and fighters 
burning all around, the Sele`nta began reverberating power around us 
similar to what the Soujya had just done, as I poured a near suicidal 
amount of Jurai power into the Wings.. I had Ala take over piloting of 
the vessel. 
Just as the Wings had received enough power to try the shot, the DJ 
vessel then began a long range barrage. Ange and Tora had the 
Sele`nta's batteries fire in response, and our two vessels pounded like 
rabid animals. Just as the DJ vessel had laid a broadside that breached 
two of our decks, I fired the pulse from the Wings.. literally using 
the power of the Wings to shred the DJ's Wings.. then Ange quickly 
followed with a pair of torpedoes that reeled the DJ vessel in it's 
port side. Finally, a series of broadsides set the exposed port side 
into a fiery blaze, pouring plasma and atmosphere into space.
But even with all that, the wounded vessel continued firing with 
whatever it had.. the barrage hitting our amidships and stunning our 
gravitational field.. it could have had us..

Then, a couple of Hylian Capitals hit the DJ vessel with two sets of 
torpedoes. A directional vane exploded from the main body, and the 
vessel then began jinking away, only giving a few weak shots as a 
response..
Then what I feared came flying out of the arachnid like vessel. It 
floated in front of Sele`nta for a moment, and then SHOT towards the 
planet below. Then I literally 'felt' the oily laugh trailing after it, 
and I felt myself about to launch out after Mulhorand. Fortunately, or 
unfortunately (depending..); Tora and Prlras held me down, just long 
enough for my logic to kick in.. 
This wasn't the time for vendetta.. 
Just then, Tenchi came over on the viewer, and then Kagato came over 
his.. both gave confirmation that enough Hylian vessels loyal to the DJ 
were either destroyed, or occupied away from the entry vector. This 
then gave us the window to begin entry into Hylian airspace, hence 
Tenchi declared for the prearranged teams to begin assaulting the 
Hylian Palace.
With that, Ora began maneuvering Sele`nta to join Hikari near the dead 
station. Kagato then signaled that he'd give royal hell to anyone that 
got near enough to our cordon. Tenchi added back, to give some for the 
Akara Sovereignty. With that.. two cabbit vessels departed from the two 
Juraian Capitals, led by a Wing of Jurdams; whom I led, and gave seats 
to several members of my Team.
Man.. the descent reminded TOO much of Jurai's defenses, though more 
conventional in nature; the level and waves of defenses was almost as 
severe, if not WORSE. Almost from the moment we started hitting the 
atmosphere, missiles and anti-starcraft fire exploded all around us, 
Jur-ohki and Ryo-ohki were able to pulse beam many of the projectiles, 
while the Jurdams had their min-Wings activated and formed a point 
defense shield infront of the two cabbit warships. 

The first main wave we managed to pass through, and Ryoko had Ryo-ohki 
scream at the surface of the planet, hugging the surface almost at 
ground level. Most of us followed, though I had myself and Ange; in our 
Jurdams, play decoy, as we drew as much of the murderous fire as 
possible. Not a choice assignment mind you..
Much of the surface was a cityscape, though many of the structures were 
layered on one another, and made of a ceramic rather than rock based 
material, as well as highly sheen in texture, making the suns above 
glare in our faces as we passed over many buildings, making maneuvering 
rather tricky, considering the severe fire we were exposed to.
Besides that, there were many waves in the vector we were moving in; 
the layering of the batteries were too close together, and well 
coordinated. Because of this, Tenchi started considering retreat in the 
face of such withering fire. Then we saw what we expected to see, as a 
large portion of the defense line to our west was embroiled in the same 
civil war as the Fleets above were, Ryo-ohki and Jur-ohki instinctively 
blasted their way into that small corridor. We found that certain 
pockets of such fire littered much of the way to the Palace zone, just 
enough to give us breathing room to penetrate into the target zone, and 
also to give our badly mauled Wings and Shields a slight break. From 
here, we made the final push into the Palace District. 

Our last scare before reaching the Hylian Palace, was when a trio of 
missiles found their mark on Ryo-ohki, hitting the habitation zone dead 
square. This caused the cabbit to SMASH through three sets of 
buildings, and clipping a Hylian DJ fighter on one of it's vanes, 
nearly hitting US as it crashed past. Frantic calls from Ala and 
Brentai got a shaky, but alive response from Tenchi and Ryoko. Just as 
that happened, we passed over a MASSIVE ten mile high wall, one that 
had behind it, one DOOZY of a Palace.
The structure was a whole series of tiered platforms, similar in design 
to the Throne on Fungesia, but set in the extreme. All over, extending 
FAR below us towards the ground; where we saw many patches of green and 
blue, the large structure tiers connected together with pillars and 
structure tubes, all bristling with transport tubes, window openings, 
launch platforms, towers with all kinds of antennae, and even domed 
buildings that seemed to hover over the tiers they were pillared upon; 
even ones as large as a kilometer across; and there were many around. 
All situated to cover at LEAST twenty kilometers from the surface; and 
seemed to touch well past the clouds at the top.. which, was where our 
final destination led.
Unfortunately, much of the structure tiers were also bristling with 
massive anti-craft weaponry; all which pounded at us with even MORE 
viciousness. 

It was at this point, that the first casualties were interred, as the 
Jurdams Prlras and Tora were piloting were hit hard successively. Both 
crashed somewhere along the mid-tiers just below the High Palace Tiers, 
and I was forced to order Ange and U to break off from rescue, the 
results all too obvious.
Then Ryo-ohki was hit again, this time cracking a vane, it was forced 
to pilot just a level off from the Main Tier. The rest of us made it.. 
and began receiving vicious enemy fire from ground troops. Ange, U and 
I elected to use the Jurdams to assault the Palace, this left Ala, 
Aphelia, Brentai, San, and Lonar to follow in our devastating wake.
We steadily broke through a large number of platoons, many of which 
burned under mega cannon shots, as we broke past the outer cloister of 
the Main Tier. The fight to reach the inner cloister prior to the main 
Palace grounds was almost impossible; as severely increasing amounts of 
enemy fire rained from all around us.. we had just about given up 
trying to push forward, when I felt Tenchi's Lighthawk Wings activate; 
and then I felt a strange echo, a prodding more like, upon my own 
Wings.. Like a 'suggestion', and so I grabbed them and abandoned my 
Jurdam to Ala.. 

The I found out why I was being 'prodded'..
Suddenly, I felt the Wings FLARE out, ejecting a great deal of energy 
from them. I would have questioned further, but instead, as the fire 
nearly grazed three of my limbs at once, I mentally wished for the 
enemy to disappear. And then a second prod made me activate over a 
HUNDRED Lighthawk Shields, all blunting off many attacks from all 
sides. My comrades huddled around me, as I tried to understand quickly 
what was going on..
Then it hit me, the Wings were literally acting off of my direct needs. 
That gave me an idea, I then mentally pinged Tenchi with the idea, and 
I focused a command into the Wings, at the same moment, Tenchi focused 
his..

And all the firing ceased..

We all looked around, and there was no one left around us.. in fact, if 
my command was interpreted correctly, all of the enemy troops were no 
longer in the Palace District.. AT.. ALL..
I mentally conferred with Lord Tenchi, who came back completely 
astonished; hell, I felt like soiling myself, the whole thing felt 
creepy.
Then Tenchi blared across that he could feel Mulhorand, as a good 
number of loyal Hylians among the Tiers, including what he believed to 
be the Royals..
..Close to the demon himself.

I barked for everyone to follow, as I felt Tenchi do the same for his 
team..
The main problem, was the SIZE of the Palace, and despite starting to 
be able to feel out a direction to follow. Most of the traversing was 
through winding halls that gradually swung upward, fusing with most of 
the levels.. some of the other paths leading up were these very wide 
and long escalator ramps, unfortunately they weren't operational, which 
made for one doozy of an exercise in climbing stairs.. 
Meanwhile, the three remaining Jurdams were leaping from platform tier 
to tier, it didn't take long to realize the structure wouldn't handle 
the stress, so I had Ala, Ange, and U fly their units back out side, 
while the rest continued up..
We finally realized we reached the upper most level, when the 
architecture changed dramatically to reflect the obvious: tapestries, 
artwork, etc.. the strange thing, is that the hallways were now 
severely narrower, and the color orange was most prevalent; though 
white seemed to be second.

It was while Vycan was giving a quick synopsis on the Palace structure, 
when I felt Tenchi's Lighthawk envelope explode suddenly.. 
..and after that, Mulhorand's..
I ordered the team to follow as fast as possible, and then used a 
Lighthawk teleport hastily, reaching just outside the main Throne Room 
chamber. I had just stepped inside, when I saw Tenchi blocking a sword 
blow from Mulhorand, and then skillfully tripping Mulhorand up..
I yelled to Tenchi, and then was told that his team had gone ahead to 
find the Royals, and then parried a thrust to his side. I wasn't sure 
of what to do next, but providence intervened, as I then felt the fear 
from the Royals nearby from somewhere above me. Tenchi then parried a 
second blow, and back kicked Mulhorand into a wall.. I acted there, as 
I teleported again towards the roof area, there finding Yosho (young 
form) Ryoko, Ayeka, Kiyone, Nagi, Mihoshi, Risao  and Tynusu fighting 
off a whole slew of Constructs. And finally, I saw the Royals, about to 
be imposed upon by three Constructs, hence where I ended up next. 

I let my blade do the talking, as the Constructs fell like chaff, and 
then I activated a Full Lighthawk Shield, and thrust as much power into 
it as I could, protecting the Royals (Two females, a male, three 
children, and one infant..) from ANY stray attacks.. this done, I 
witness how lethal the Misaki clan could be, and Tynusu was dammed good 
as well.. The dust settled before too long, as the last Construct was 
thrown by Ryoko into the firing path of Ange's Jurdam. 
I was yelling to the others, and hearing banter between Ayeka and 
Ryoko.. when Mulhorand suddenly appeared, and fired at everyone with a 
spread shot type beam attack, missing all barely, but putting my shield 
through hell..
Tenchi then appeared behind Mulhorand, and swing in vain, as the demon 
flew up beyond all but Ryoko's reach, held back herself by Ayeka 
wisely..

Mulhorand and I exchanged deathly hateful glances, as he then goaded me 
to attack him, inciting a few choice words concerning my torture. I 
almost cracked, and only Tenchi's words warning me of the consequences. 
My feet stayed planted, but my tongue said enough..

The apparent mistake I made on Jurai, would NOT be repeated.. 
I would kill him.. simple as that..

Mulhorand only laughed, and then threw one last death bolt at my 
shield, then teleported away. I didn't let go of my shield until Tenchi 
finally came up to me, and helped calm my nerves. Not long after, the 
rest of my team reached the roof level, and then Ange's, U's, and Ala's 
Jurdams landed among us, their mini-Wings taking over shielding 
duties.. 
Tenchi and I knelt before the two Hylian Queens, whom we were told by 
Vycan (whom was kneeling fervently) that they were the actual rulers, 
and they introduced themselves as Queen-Empresses Erasi, and Nyano; 
their Consort-Headmaster of the Knight's Guild was presented as Setris, 
and then the two boys, and one girl (11, 14, 18-like..) Tres, Orapa, 
and Unioa; Unioa was holding the child of only a few months: Wayana a 
girl as well.
Ryoko then suggested we get everyone back into the Palace below.. no 
need to die in an orbital bombardment now; the reasoning. Wisely we all 
made good, with the three Jurdams launching towards a nearby docking 
station tier Nyano directed them to.

The rest of the day after that, was in seeing Nyano and Erasi 
diligently oversee the ejection of all DJ loyal forces, as Setris 
informed the rest of us of what had been transpiring over the last few 
months.
The DJ had infiltrated a good part of the Hylian Command structure, 
utilizing the usual tactic of rearranging officers, and disposing of 
others not complying. It wasn't until the Royals had begun hearing 
rumors from disgruntled officers, that it was already too late. A 
silent coup took place, and the Royals as virtual hostages in their own 
Palace, meanwhile, the DJ directed all military forces to attack the 
Fungesian Empire, under the false pretense of a massacre of civilians 
along the Hylian/Fungesian border. 
Unfortunately, the massacre was real, the planet: Rewas, but was led by 
Traquis bomber and orbital Fleet elements, under the flag of Fungesia. 
Over two million died under the barrage of meteorites, and the planet 
itself was a shambles. Mulhorand had gloated to the Royals themselves, 
that he relished in the cries of the doomed upon his personal vessel, a 
DJ Treeship, and relished even more, replaying the sounds for the 
Royals, forced to endure for a full day, with their infant at gun 
point. 
Beyond that, and the news they head of for the first time, of Galaxy 
JGS-0124's demise; they had endured the captivity in rather decent 
shape; considering even the DJ had to acquiesce to the overall 
population, numbering as large as the Fungesians they attacked. The 
invasions of the other empires were of DJ led design, meant to actually 
weaken the Hylians, and try to prevent them from fielding enough force 
to oppose any internal DJ matters. 

What the DJ had completely missed, was the special cells that the 
Family had set up for these exact situations. Don't ask, they just 
did.. *shrug..* This was what started the revolt all over the empire, 
not the destruction of one Galaxy, though that news was leaked at the 
same time as the revolt was set to begin, considerate timing.
The news fueled the revolt with much more passion and force than 
originally intended, and far too many Hylian Fleet commanders and 
captains were too good to fall so easily in battle, hence almost 76 
percent (main line forces, not colony line..) of Hylian forces has 
survived to begin the internal liberation, once the news of the Family 
had been spread far enough for the Hylians as a whole to see the 
truth..
Our intervention was purely prophetic timing, as Mulhorand had 
apparently had enough of the Family, and was about to administer 
execution, when our allied fleet arrived. Mulhorand sensed me, and 
shifted focus, sparring the Royals long enough for us to make good our 
goal. 
It's so nice to screw a good ol boy such as Mulhorand in such a way.. 

Felt DAMMED good.. and I was vocal in this regard..

Past all that, it came down to Erasi and Nyano spreading out the 
official word to cease hostilities with the alliance empires and 
states, and focus on driving out the DJ and aligned forces. This meant 
a two month campaign to root out DJ loyal forces from about 197 Star 
Systems, aided in great part, by Jurai, Alcora, and Karta Fleet 
elements dispatched to aid the Hylians in this endeavor. But the last 
part was meant as a morale boost for the entire empire, as well as the 
alliance.
The Hylian Empire officially joined the Imperial Alliance war effort, 
and dispatched six full High Grand Fleets to join in the war against 
the Traquis Empire, and the Dark Jurai..

Then Tenchi, I, and the rest of our team, especially Vycan; were hailed 
as heroes of the Empire, and were lavished accordingly for a whole 
week. 
A celebration on much of Hylia Alpha rivaled that of Startica ensued on 
this enslaved planet, and the release of the stress of war for even a 
little while was endorsed. It was here that the other leaders of the 
Alliance joined together to make broad ranging speeches, hear tales of 
the viewpoints of the war from each of the leaders (Azusa is a 
blowhard; sorry, but he is..), and finally on extraneous speeches of 
how the war would 'obviously' end. 
It was also there that Tsunami, Tokimi, and Gaia appeared before the 
vid cameras; as Fenganis and Erasi were lauding upon Tenchi and I again 
(for some dammed reason, believing we were the emotional center of the 
war effort.. I didn't like it at all mind you.)

Tsunami nodded to Fenganis, as he knelt upon Gaia's passing, and then 
shuddered visibly as Tokimi followed last.
Then Tsunami did the unthinkable; as the three Sisters openly presented 
my new daughter to the eyes of the Universe. Then Isarra soon followed, 
appearing beside Tsunami at the crystal podium. 
I was receiving a LOT of looks from the rest of the family and friends, 
as I simply slunk low in vain. I felt my blood flush my face heavily. 
My next view was of standing between Isarra and Tsunami, my eyes 
internally sparkling from a teleport. There, Tsunami asked me if I 
would accept Isarra as my daughter; openly. Knowing I had already done 
so privately, It was all meant to be for a morale boost.. 

Privately, as I was speaking my acceptance openly for all to hear, I 
swore I would find a way to get Tsunami back for this..

A chorus of cheers followed, as Isarra embraced me as her Father. And 
then of all people, Tenchi slapped my back; being the first to 
congratulate this proud moment. My shock and surprise soon were 
replaced by joy and pride; though it was weird to beheld a new daughter 
already almost ready to approach the young adult stage. I suppose I had 
a LOT of work to catch up to my daughter, whom apparently was quite 
well trained in many arts and forms of living and of status. 
This all, had the immense effect of boosting morale like nothing else, 
as then a single thought mulling in my mind lightly over these few 
months, ever since the war began, and the initial neutrality of the 
various empires; became loud and clear to speak of. 
I asked for the podium suddenly, suprising many of the gathered, though 
Tsui and her Sisters already beheld the look of foreknowledge.
Erasi gave the podium, and I stifled my natural tendency to run away, 
screaming like an animal; under so many eyes.

I started off with an off key word, which caused a chorus of chuckles, 
and near belly busting laughing from the gallery behind.
My words however soon came to me, as I first mentioned my wife, and the 
circle they represented. Then I mentioned that not much separated ANY 
of the subjects of the various interstellar empires and states; in the 
regards of DNA. It was here, that I admonished the initial political 
moves of most of the members, when Fungesia was first attacked. I then 
resolutely applauded the results since then, but warned that the DJ 
might not be the only force at work, meaning to tear apart the 
structure of civilization at it's most basic levels. I pushed the 
thought of what the combined efforts the various civilizations had done 
in this war, that their cooperation led to the upturn of events against 
our enemies.
If that didn't give the clue of where I was leading too, the next words 
said it all..

I suggested that the Alliance become a new, larger, more powerful, more 
complex, and ultimately: a more unified entity, a collection of empires 
and states that could literally do so much together, and that it was 
time for civilization to evolve to it's next logical step..

I called for the creation of a new, Interstellar Union. A Union that 
would could expand everything we knew about civilization, and of all 
the basic things that made up it; to a new and enhanced version of what 
we all knew now. I espoused that not only was this feasible, but 
necessary; less more destructive elements lead the end of all we 
cherished. 
For one, the destruction of one Galaxy by our enemies was proof enough 
that we had to take the responsibility of combining our strength and 
resources to protect form literally loosing everything we had. The idea 
of seeing one Galaxy after another be imploded was beyond 
reprehensible. And we HAD to act to prevent such atrocities, we had to 
unify to spread such a responsibility equally, as well as to set an 
example for civilizations we had not encountered yet..
I called that a conference to be convened as soon as it was feasible to 
begin exploring this idea, and that it would hopefully soon be 
implemented someday.

With that, I left the podium, a hug from Tsui and Isarra waiting. The 
rest of the gathered were slowly recovering from my seemingly 
impossible suggestion. But as the murmuring began to increase in 
volume; the voice of dissent wasn't there much, and the ones that were, 
didn't stay that way long.

That was the day the Inter-Galactic Union was born. 

But before that, there had to be discussion about ending this war, and 
of HIGH priority, was the complete eradication of the Dark Jurai; 
wholly and completely in all shape and form.
The Union would be christened in blood no too long in coming.
It was there that the war began to move to it's final phase, as Pirate 
activity began to rise again. Along the Traquis borders, they began 
probing along their fronts, and the DJ began raids of their own, ones 
that seemed to come from nowhere.. the level of Fleet engagements 
increased, as the DJ seemingly continued to field illogically large 
numbers of Fleet units, and around the same numbers of ground forces 
already seen previously.  
It was like they didn't even need the Hylian Empire in the first place. 
And over the next month, the battles waged in a weary stalemate, though 
Pirate and Traquis forces were apparently reaching the breakpoint.

It was here that the Alliance finally had had it's fill, and a special 
conference was ordered to be convened in a secret location, where the 
matter of the final steps to end this despicable war.
In the matter of a few weeks, a series of messages and diplomats passed 
back and forth between the major empires. Also passed back and forth, 
were messages from the Imperial Science Academy; that they had evidence 
of how the DJ were operating their forces, and from where..
As soon as I got the word from Tenchi and Azusa; we wordlessly knew 
Washu was the actual source. Azusa then informed that the meeting would 
take place in of all places, the Sol System, around the sixth planet of 
Saturn. A place that remote from normal space lanes, and prying eyes 
seemed quite logical, as long as no Earth sensors picked up on any of 
this.. lousy time for a first contact situation.

And the last of this part of the journal goes back to my 
uneasy/strange/wacky/all-of-the-above with Tsui and her Sisters. I was 
asked to take Sele`nta to another remote area, one outside any known 
borders, and deep between the Galaxies themselves.
I waited, and found that once I reached the coordinates given, that 
Tsui and the others appeared almost immediately.. I then found that 
Creation and Isarra were not far behind.. in front of Creation was a 
throbbing energy orb similar to the one I had seen at Tsunami's and my 
wedding ceremony. What surprised me, was when Isarra took the orb from 
Creation wordlessly, and then looked at me silently. Then a final act, 
as two more shapes phased in; as Achika and a shadow outline that had 
to be Washuu held stance behind me.

Creation then got down to the gist of it. The orb held by my daughter, 
was a Contract. 
The event in Tokimi's realm, where my daughter was revealed to me, was 
the initiation of a Contract, one the had to be completed and 
Dimensional Law.. I replied that it was all meant to prevent a new 
Goddess War, and was appraisingly rewarded by Creation. At that, it was 
also then revealed to me that I now had access to three sets of power 
planes. The actions on Hylia Alpha when Tenchi and I had used our 
Wings, the power surge and subsequent prodding were from all three 
Sisters I had professed love; actually opened a new link between me and 
these three. Emotions, implied by Creation, was the foundation where 
power and energy could weave together in, thus creating a new set of 
energy and power. A hybrid depended upon a symbiosis. My confession had 
created such a situation, and thus was the binding reason for the 
Contract; with the statement, that if this Contract wasn't completed, I 
would soon be consumed by the magnitude of the powers now slowly 
building up inside my being. 
The simple use of my powers on Hylia made me agree with that assessment 
REAL fast.. that was when Isarra came up with the orb, and playfully 
threw it to me. The orb felt warm in my hands, as Creation led a first 
incantation from a most ancient dialect; and then was followed five 
goddess dialects of equally ancient enunciation. This repeated back and 
forth three times, as Creation led the procession, and with each verse, 
the orb slowly extended warm tendrils into my hands, reaching deep into 
my shell.

One last incantation led by Tsunami suddenly, and repeated by Tokimi 
and Gaia exclusively led to the orb absorbing into my soul. It was 
there that I felt a permanent link, stronger that even the single link 
Tsui and I already had, amplified about every part of my soul to the 
each of them. It took awhile for my body to adjust to the effects of 
the Contract, but I also slowly began to feel new things; as well as 
sense a plane of existence where knowledge resided. 
I mentioned at least these two, because they both would have an 
IMMEDIATE impact at the up coming conference. It was there, that 
besides my own blood mother Jeain, that Creation now assumed the role 
of my Goddess-Mother. This would end up having so many strange 
adventures in the coming future, but for right now, only one item was 
on my agenda. 
Vendetta upon my mortal enemy, and this task would begin at the 
conference the Alliance leaders were gathering at.

The war would soon come to a head, as everything my family and friends 
stood for, would come with a nearly steep price..
And a surprise event due to a near tragedy.

The Union would 'indeed' be born in blood..

(End Part Thirty-Six)
