(Part Twenty-Six - Startica, Christmas: Part One)

It's been a few days since the incident with the Dimensional Cause and 
Effect Controller, and to say the least, I was completely wasted. 
For one, the use of the device had the rather unkind effect of draining 
us of our energy for a day. Yep, the whole Misaki clan, including 
Tsunami to my surprise, was out of action for a couple of days, and it 
was like this that Achika and Nobuyuki found us, having come back from 
their own honeymoon.
And I can only hope that the next time we ever do something like that 
Washu will warn us about packing a lunch or something, gods I was 
starved, and Sasami was out of action.
It was like this that Achika and Nobuyuki helped feed us back to 
health, and we found out Sasami and Misaki had some competition in the 
kitchen. Kagato left the next day for his own reasons, but we bid him 
good tidings.

At least everyone else was in good spirits, as it was now late 
November, and the first snow of late fall had passed; as had 
Thanksgiving.
It was with this that we learned from Azusa that Startica was near, a 
coincidence considering the time of year, being so close to Christmas.
This started a discussion among all of the household members, as to how 
to proceed with which holiday to attend. Tenchi of course decided that 
there was enough time to celebrate both, and that he was curious as to 
how Startica was celebrated.
Washu then suggested that we use one of her hyperspace transporters (if 
I heard it right..) to beam back and forth between Jurai and Earth, 
saving a butt load of time round trip.

Course having just come from the Space-Time device, we were justified 
in being a bit.. tense.
We decided upon using a ship instead, as it would only take a few days 
to head to Jurai and back. With this settled, we began simply packing, 
yes just like that. If there is one thing I've learned with living with 
the Misaki clan, it's that they move FAST when they make a decision. 
And by the end of the week, we were ready; no big fanfare; we just 
launched off, leaving Washu, Achika, Nobuyuki, and Yosho behind; upon 
their own wishes.

The ship we were taking was none than the Azusa itself, quite a massive 
Treeship, even without its dimensional habitation zone. It still took 
up a good two kilometers in size, more bulky in appearance that the 
Tsunami Unit, but it's intent was upon intimidation and awe. A job it 
has done quite well. 
It also was the second incarnation of the same vessel, created to 
replace the one destroyed in the battle with Kagato well over a year 
ago. It was with this that I learned that despite the size of the 
vessel, and the apparent time it should have taken to create it. The 
use of Jurai power to fuse a seed from the parent tree, and to form the 
vessel around that seed, allowed such vessels to be reproduced quickly. 
But this had the limitation of only one seeded Treeship at a time, 
hence the problem of mass-produced ships, this role was filled by 
lesser Treeships, mass-produced from simpler tree seeds, allowing for 
the account of so many vessels in the Jurai sphere of influence.

This all we took in, as we headed towards Jurai, with Tenchi getting a 
good dose of the lesson from Funaho and Misaki. This I would learn 
later was the first lessons of when he would eventually become Emperor, 
a task that would take MANY years to come to fruition.
Also on the trip, the clan received news that all of the family related 
to Tenchi would be given Royal status, allowing permission for Ryoko, 
Mihoshi, and Kiyone to travel to Jurai with Tenchi as long as they 
wished to. Ayeka would just have to put up with Ryoko from now on, and 
as I would learn later, Mihoshi as well. But that's another story.
We found that our rooms on the Azusa were each of more room and luxury 
than the most expensive mansions on Earth, Tenchi and I just felt 
uneasy about such accommodations, but the rest certainly didn't.. ugh.. 
Girls..

But soon, all too soon, we arrived back on Jurai; could almost call it 
a new address for the lot of us.
Tsunami wanted to take the opportunity of showing me again the new 
Imperial Sai`Hon Tree that resided on Jurai, as well as the renovations 
that she had the Juraians doing to it, that didn't surprise me. What 
DID was the fact that despite the distance between the Sai`Hon Imperial 
Tree, and the Great Palace Tree, almost ten kilometers. A new.. well.. 
structure was being constructed, made out of crystallized tree sap, and 
strong crystalline materials.. Right between the two great Trees. It 
had only barely been begun, but I could already see that someday, the 
two Trees would share a common bond, literally.

But this was only the first of the wonders in store for us. Sasami had 
decided to find Bruinuae, and share time with Nen, who was also coming 
at the request of the Royal Family. Ayeka, Ryoko, Kiyone and Mihoshi 
decided to take the tact of exploring the best celebration areas 
themselves. While Azusa, Misaki and Funaho had to attend several 
Startica related functions. 
I decided after Tsunami had shown me Sai`Hon, to locate my parents, 
whom I hadn't seen since the wedding. 
After upon doing so, and getting updates from mom and dad about how 
their lives had been in the short time we had been gone; including the 
details of my father: Terrai, having been named to the council as an 
advisor for Treeship research and advancement; us four adjourned to 
participate in a few of the festivals themselves.

The one I remember the most was the Startica Grand Parade, since it 
lasted a whole day start to finish, we reached it about a third of the 
way through, and we got the good seats. 
I saw many strange floats pass by, many reminiscent of those in America 
and Japan combined, with about ten times the spectacle.
I also laughed as some of the more comedic parts of the parade passed 
by, including something that detailed a legion of cabbits literally 
snacking upon an entire world. And another showcasing galactic 
bloopers. One particularly funny blooper included sixty queens chasing 
after one would be Emperor, and finally having to chose all of them to 
prevent a galactic war. Gee, that sounds familiar doesn't it?

I was more awe struck, and a bit less amused when a float depicting moi 
being chased by Tsunami all over the universe, with several Juraian 
actors posing as my alternate past lives. I had to huddle in my seat 
for that one, and yes Tsunami more than enjoyed it, a bit too much for 
my tastes.
Then later came the procession of Juraian dignitaries of history; which 
was a bit boring to say the least.
I was saved by my mothers suggestion that we tour the Startica 
carnival. Thank you Mom!

By then it was starting to get dark, but as I learned; the celebration 
was only beginning. The whole thing would last another full standard 
week, round the clock; the only time the planet was ever so active.
This boggled my mind, as the four of us reached the location of the 
carnival, only an area the size of New York City and Los Angeles 
combined. Is it me, of do the Juraians lie their stuff big? Anywho..
We simply picked an area at random, full of amusement rides similar to 
that on Earth, except for a few exceptions. One being the inclusion of 
a twenty-kilometer long roller coaster, JEEZZ!! And then there was the 
hyper-static catapult ride, where passengers were put into a large ball 
cage, with gravity harnesses along the inside of the ball cage, and 
then with all the passengers put into it, the ball was levitated by 
tractor beams, into this static field cannon of sorts, and launched 
high into the sky, at least a good kilometer, then bounced around by 
tractor beam repulsers of some kind, and literally slammed towards a 
second field cannon, where we were stopped by a second field.
And THEN the ride would launch us back into the air for a second round, 
before landing us back at our starting point.

And all I could hear as Tsunami, Dad, Mom, and I were in that ride, was 
the incessant screaming of a rather familiar type. 
That's when I noticed that Tenchi and his harem were on the same ride, 
of all the luck.
That meant of course that Mihoshi was there, and that NO one had ear 
protection.
By the time we were finished, about 70 people were about deaf, and one 
other was hoarse.
It was then we decided upon trying out the carnival cuisine, and found 
that Royal status meant you didn't need to pay, and you get extra for 
helping save Jurai. By the third round of the Juraian version of hot 
dogs, with a salty condiment that I compared to sauerkraut, I was too 
full, but the drinks were sure refreshing and fruity.

And yes, there were also the games; literally, thousands of carnival 
games abounded all about. Mihoshi dragged Kiyone against her will to 
what looked like a Karaoke game, you can guess the rest. I was more 
interested in what looked like boken contest stations, with a person 
paired against a computer generated holo-opponent.
Tenchi and I immediately got into that one, with the rest cheering us 
on, and as we found out, the opponents were quite below our practiced 
standards; even the supposedly advanced level was a joke.
Then Tenchi and I encountered what was dubbed the 'Mulhorand Level', 
this level WASN'T a joke, as the designers of the game almost outdid 
themselves in the reality factor, and it took both Tenchi and I all of 
our skills to beat the level. We were beat by the time we were done, 
and had a major crowd as our audience. Tenchi and I looked attach 
other, and simply bowed as any good performer would. Then we got these 
HUGE stuffed cabbit plushies for our prize, Ayeka and Ryoko are still 
fighting over who's supposed to get the one Tenchi won. Tsunami just 
looks cute with hers.

From there, we tried out a few more simple games, got a second round of 
the food arcades, and generally took in the sights and sounds of the 
carnival.
Then we were interrupted by a courier, one sent by Azusa to gather us 
all for, of all things..
..and I was stuck waving from a hover skiff in the middle of the 
parade, sitting with Azusa and Tenchi, with our accompanied entourage 
seated below us; did I mention the skiff was rather lavish? Dang!!
It was there, that I learned of the Startica Ball; to take place the 
next night, and also along the way in the parade, that Tenchi and I 
would be formally presented to the Galaxy, as our titles of Crown 
Prince and Legendary Knight respectively.

It was a good thing the Ball was the next night, everyone was wasted 
from all the partying, not to mention Ryoko decided upon binging on a 
quart of Sake` she had procured from Funaho of all people. The word 
fisnickled has nothing on what we were that night.
We all awoke the next day, with a deity sized hangover; to attend the 
Startica breakfast gala, and lore and behold; WHAT a breakfast.
Azusa had made sure to include breakfast type items from Earth, in 
GREAT quantities. 
Eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, you name it, they had it; did I mention 
Great quantities? Oh good..

It was there that we met up with Sasami, Bruinuae, and a tad woozy Nen, 
who had arrived late the previous evening, and had.. Um.. 'enjoyed' the 
attention of Sasami and Bruinuae.
I also was introduced by Tsunami and Ayeka to several new faces, ones 
that would have great impact upon the coming future.
Lady Arashi, Lord Igonusi, and Lady Icaela; the council members of the 
Imperial  Computer Data Archives, Diplomatic Branch Legion, and 
Spiritual Council of the Alcove Trees, respectively. 
I also met a large diet of Juraian noblepersons, and areas of important 
notice; obviously too many to remember; I left that detail with 
Tsunami, as she could remember everyone's names on Jurai at least.

From the breakfast.. *urp* ..we moved to the carnival again, to try out 
a few more of the interesting rides, this time with only Tsui at my 
side.
We chose first the super-coaster I already mentioned, and nearly lost 
breakfast in the process, but Tsui saved me there.
Then we moved to the ever so popular Ferris Wheel, except this one was 
like twenty wheels stuck together like a large pin wheel, all connected 
to a super-wheel at the center, and was quite Juraian in design; with 
forty cabins to a wheel.
But the clincher had to be the fact that it could levitate itself all 
around the carnival, while somehow avoiding the static cannon ride as I 
dubbed it.

Luck would have it, we had a whole wheel cabin to ourselves, and it 
doesn't have to be night to have certain kinds of fun.
It took two hours for the ride to complete it's course around the 
carnival, ever so wonderfully slowly.
We landed a bit after a second super-wheel took off, apparently there 
were four wheels going about at the same time, round the clock; cool 
huh?
And we took leave of our fun to attend a amateur performers play of 
Juraian comedies, a Juraian version of Shakespeare, don't all worlds 
have such? Oh, the play was about two young lovers in the midst of 
interfamily strife, sounds familiar?

From there we met up with the family again, Sasami/Nen/Bruinuae 
included, and went to a mid day banquet, held for of all things, the 
Knight's of Jurai's history. I for the life of me shied off as many 
comments in my direction as possible, not that Tenchi and Mom helped 
much. 
Between you and me, I think it was a ploy to embarrass me publicly, 
because I sure felt that way.. errrr..
And the food again. LARGE quantities.. I swear (not out loud), that 
someone forgot to tell Henry the Eighth about Jurai. All this 
hospitality was getting us all heavy!

From there again, the standard carnival rides; the games, the events.
Gods, I was starting to get all partied out!!
Ryoko, Ayeka and Mihoshi couldn't get enough, as Tenchi kept getting 
game prizes for each of them, and I took another shot at the boken 
game; and fared more easily on the last level.
Now Tsui has two super-plushies.

Yet all too soon, it was time to get ready for the Ball, which actually 
pleased everyone, as we were all plain bushed from partying.
So from there we separated to our assigned rooms to get ready, with 
Tsui heading to her Tree dimension to do her thing there.
After an hour of showering, and prepping myself, I then donned a set of 
Juraian uniform attire specially made for me by request of Misaki; it 
had the colors of both the Royal Guard, and the Royal Family; as well 
as a few doodads supposed to signify Legendary Level status, I guess.
An hour after that, I emerged from my quarters with a aide showing me 
the to the reception hall, where everyone would be gathering.

There I met Tenchi and Nen as expected, women are the same no matter 
what Galaxy you're in. Not that that's a bad thing mind you.
Tenchi was dressed in the full dress of a Crown Prince, while Nen had 
he attire of a GP Ambassador to Jurai, with Juraian accouterments to 
enhance his GP based format.
I was making small talk, and looking down a hallway, a private one that 
we all would take to enter the Ball, when a different aide announced to 
us the arrival of our charges for the evening.

First was Ayeka in a classy yet beautiful, lavender silk ball gown, 
with small gold Juraian leaves attached to her shoulder straps, with 
her hair in a Misaki like ponytail, a silk light purple sash tied to 
it, and cascading down her shoulders.

Next, Ryoko: in a VERY revealing blood red/black, jagged pattern, silk 
ball room gown, with three black jagged silk straps hugging her 
shoulders, and a dress slit along her left leg, which had a couple of 
black stripes along it. Her hair was almost a copy of Ayeka's, except 
for the telltale spikes in her bangs, her signature.

Then Mihoshi, in a simple white ball gown, which heightened her tan and 
blond hair; which was cascaded long off her shoulders. Her dress also 
had a dress slit, but in the right leg.

Kiyone had a simple, black mini-dress; also silk, with her hair 
fruffled and long; highlighting her teal-green/black color. She also 
wore a silk sash, blue in color.

Then Sasami appeared in a teal/white dress, with Juraian leaves 
embroidered in certain places to enhance certain areas; her hair was 
set in the Tsunami theme, with a white silk sash over her shoulders, 
which had a slight tan to them.

Bruinuae was in a beautiful white and pink dress, with red Juraian 
leaves embroidered like a set of flames. The lower part of the dress 
was lined with thin, white mink. Her hair was set long and flowing, 
with three braids; two to her right ear, and one to her left.

Finally Tsunami appeared; at least for moi, the most breathtaking. She 
was in a flowing teal/white silk ball dress, similar to Sasami's, with 
leaf patterns echoing Sasami's and Bruinuae's. But she had a set of 
flowing blue stripes, lined with silver; which ran from her left 
shoulder strap, splitting around the mid section, and running into 
three more splits to the hem of the dress. Her hair was what nearly 
killed it for me. Instead of the regular teal blue, it was now a deep 
sapphire blue; with teal highlights, set in the normal Tsunami manner, 
except for a single Misaki like ponytail as an addition.

Tenchi, Nen and I just stood there. Dead and stunned by such.. beauty.
We made our belated (by a full minute, and ripped out of by some savory 
comments), welcome as we presented a set of small Juraian roses; helped 
along by a few aides, as we male types struggled to maintain our 
composure.
And quite soon after, we made good our presence to a grand spectacle.

The Ballroom for the Startica Ball was beyond HUGE!
Set in the size of ten Roman coliseums; it had a main ballroom floor, 
set in marble and crystal. And also set in gold linings, the floor 
expanded well over a kilometer.
But there's more. There were they numbers of angled floor tiers, set a 
slight bit back from the lower tier, and with floors of multi-layered 
crystal, set to allow tiers to view others from above and below. These 
tiers were linked by crystal gang-walkways of size to allow at least 
three couples to pass by another at a time.
The theme of the great ballroom, was marble; sculpted in the normal 
Jurai style; and laced with accouterments of nature and silk all about, 
And all I could do was think: 'Juraian's DO know how to throw a bash.'

We were introduced simply enough by a Royal announcer, and as we 
started towards the floor, I saw what only could be the seating area of 
the Imperial family.
Recessed into the side of the great ballroom walls, was a throne area 
similar to the one on Azusa's Treeship.
It had two levels, one for Azusa and his wives, and second that was 
meant for the reigning Crown Prince, and his entourage.
It was all well decked in the Juraian theme, and beheld great awe; as 
it was designed no doubt.

But my revelry was cut short, as Azusa announced for the crowds 
silence, which was well in the several thousand in number.
And as Azusa promised at the parade, Tenchi was openly announced as the 
reigning Crown Prince of Jurai, now officially putting Lord Yosho out 
of the running, As he had wished all along.
Then he was gestured to take his seat on in the Royal Alcove, as 
Tsunami informed me. And after he did so, the complete gathered raised 
a toast in unison to the new crown Prince. Heh, all the poor kid could 
do was wave nervously. Ryoko, Ayeka, and Mihoshi took the place beside 
Tenchi, as I suddenly learned whom would be his new wives by the end of 
the calendar year. Wow..

Then Azusa lavished the attention of the crowd in my direction, heh 
heh.. As promised.
Yes, announced to the crowd I was of Legendary Knight status. And yes, 
I was announced as First Knight of the Crown Prince. Yes yes yes.. 
But it didn't help when Tsunami led a three cheer chorus in my honor, I 
guess as the official thank you for saving Jurai. I felt my face flush 
heavily.
And from there, thank the goddess; we moved to the first dance.

Azusa led by taking Funaho, whom was in a ravishing black dress. Tenchi 
decided upon Ryoko as his first dance. And I of course took Tsunami.
That first dance felt it was forever in paradise.
At least I tried to wish it so. As we flowed about, feeling ourselves 
lose reality in a majestic moment, I tried to share the feeling with 
Tsunami. What I found in using our mind link (aka Washu/Ryoko), was 
that Tsunami held the same feelings that I did, causing an interesting 
amplification of our emotions.
Tsui and I shared a few tears upon the end of that first dance, set to 
a wonderful orchestral piece.

This started a chorus of dances, as by the hundreds, couples flowed 
about in every color that is imaginable, and some that were more 
transparent than colorful. 
But all in a graceful majesty.
Tenchi shared next with Ayeka, I took Mom, whom was in a velvet aqua 
gown. And Azusa had Misaki.
Nen arrived with Sasami first, and another long dance ensued.
We exchanged partners like this for the first part of the night, as the 
three day event eventually saw me dance with many interesting females.

Misaki and Funaho were exquisite, Sasami as fun, Bruinuae was haunting; 
of what might have been. 
Ayeka was demure, Ryoko to emotional, Mihoshi was good; but nearly took 
one of my toes out. Kiyone was marvelous.
Mom again, and she bested Tsunami, well practiced I surmised.
I danced with a few more faces, mostly those wanting a memory of 
dancing with a hero; others with more on the mind, but I shrugged them 
off politely.

I also danced with Tsunami another 47 times by the end of the long 
event, (with breaks in between for food and rest of course.) We also 
danced upon several more of the tiers, to get vantage points to 
remember by.
There was also the Family portrait. A simple holo-cam shot, one that 
would be doctored up Royally. With all of us in our best attire, a 
mural would be displayed among the hundreds of others that I failed to 
notice when I arrived to the ballroom.
Everyone I knew was in it, as we had ten holo's taken. A few silly ones 
as expected, one with Ayeka and Ryoko biting at each other, and the 
rest at our best.
A number of uses would see these pictures besides the mural. And I made 
sure to have one made for my old room as a small desktop trinket.

By the time we were done with all of the revelry, a whole week had 
passed, but one last thing was apparently needed before the celebration 
was complete.
It took place in space.
A special unveiling, one that I certainly didn't expect.
Azusa invited us all back the Azusa.

There Azusa asked for me to step forward; and talk about you early 
Christmas presents.
As Azusa lauded a personal thanks, yet again; for my actions in 
defeating Mulhorand, as well as my new official status; I was presented 
a birthright.
It came in the form of a ship, a Juraian destroyer, about the size of a 
small class vessel; but with multiple vanes all about it.
It had the color of black/gold, meshed with streaks of white; complete 
with everything a Juraian Treeship is decked with.

The Sele`nta.
It apparently once belonged to the Legend Sai`Hon, As Azusa described.
My own ship..
Dang.

It was with this, that the Misaki clan and I traversed our way back to 
Earth (or the Special Non-Interference Preserve, as I keep being 
impressed upon by Funaho).
With the Azusa, Funaho, Misaki, and even the Bruinuae along as escorts, 
we headed back to Earth for our second part of the family celebration, 
one that not even Mom and dad were going to miss this time.
I say that because the Terr`iah suddenly screamed by like a Harley 
Davison; just as we reached The Preserve System outskirts.
I had a virtual fleet on my hands.

And this pretty much wraps up this part of the story, as we all 
transported down en masse; and being greeted by the rest of the family, 
we related to them our adventures on Jurai, and pretty much summed up 
the most butt kicking part this side of the Cosmos.
But something else suddenly took center stage, as at the evening dinner 
table; delectably lavished by Sasami, Achika, and Misaki; I was 
suddenly informed in a few terse words, that I had a final surprise 
waiting for me..

Then came the knock on the door, and as Tenchi answered it, a lithe 
young woman appeared, with us all staring. Dark green eyes, Dark black 
hair, with brown streaks; she.. sorta reminded me of.. Mom..
Then she locked eyes with me. And GLOMPED me like a cat glomping a 
tuna.
In the chaos of the moment came one word. 'Brother'.
I looked at this strange female, and then at Mom and Dad.
Dad informed me, that her name was Hikara; and that she was my sister.
The last thing I remembered was nodding, then fainting in signature 
style.

And it was only two weeks till Christmas. 

(End Part Twenty-Six)
