(Part Thirty-Seven - Unity of Tears)

The two weeks leading up to the conference has become the hardest of 
the war yet. It started with a small string of Fleet engagements 
between the Traquis and Alliance forces that signaled a new shift their 
direction of the war, starting with the scorched earth bombardments the 
Traquis and DJ would lead, and then wait for a response an Alliance 
response fleet to engage, where they unleashed a new weapon on the 
arrivals.
The weapon used a Dimensional rippling effect that would sheer many of 
the lighter capitals of their shielding, and the heavies would lose 
their screens to subsequent torpedo fire. 
And then, in the midst of the battle, the enemy would suddenly break 
off, and jump in a scattered pattern. 
The tactic had the effect of razing seven planets of all life, and then 
cut heavy loses in eighteen Battle Fleets. Most of the empires lost 
rather equally..

Then came word an assassin tired to kill Minister Akara while on Karta; 
a small squad of DJ Constructs of a completely new 'design'; and had a 
scary trait of chameleon like skills. Fortunately Kagato, Maymay, and 
Ange were there, procuring data for Queen Funaho when the attack 
happened. Naja and the others made it out okay, seven Kartasian 
Guardswarriors weren't as fortunate.
This starting a series of attempts on several members of the Alliance, 
as well as hitting home.
Fenganis and Rosusn took out their opponents with apparent flair, with 
Tynusu taking a hit for Risao; don't worry, he's stable. Then an 
attempt nearer to home, as Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko taught the DJ a 
nasty lesson in Lighthawk tactics. Unfortunately, Sasami got a poison 
barb, and was saved in time by Washu's impeccable skill. 
Then my team I felt the hand, as we were scouting out the last location 
of a possible Dimensional tunnel, when three DJ Capitals leapt at us 
from nowhere. I took a good while, as the battle came down to a save 
from a Alcorian Task Force, as me back to back with Ketira and Aphelia, 
as we defended my Tree from a pair of the same DJ creatures, my Key 
blades cut down the last one, but the bodies only vaporized after 
death. No luck in getting a corpse to autopsy..

Then a whole legion of DJ Constructs invaded a Juraian world only two 
jumps away from the capital. This of course caused a HUGE uproar, with 
the suddenness of the attack catching ALL Alliance forces off guard. 
This started a small string of invasions that led to seventeen Alliance 
worlds in all imperial realms being co-opted. By the time of the 
conference, another two were under siege; and the Alliance fleets were 
starting to skim off Fleets to their respective realms, a dilution of 
forces that HAD to be pre-planned. 
Then came the worst acts of the week of hell. 

First came the probing foray I was sent on by Fenganis. I took my small 
fleet, and pushed into Traquis territory to capture a deep space 
station, and hack it's files. We were quite successful, and were about 
to leave, when a MASSIVELY bright flash swallowed our view of port. It 
took a moment to realize, and a few more to believe it had happened.
An entire star had suddenly appeared almost on top of us.
Then the star went nova on us, and it took ALL of my Avatarhawk powers 
to protect the fleet from outright incineration. I was out cold when 
the Fleet managed to escape the impossible event.
Then news cam in from all over, that whole stars had been 'dropped' 
near Alliance Battle Fleets, and even one on a Juraian Fleet Dock, 
destroying over four hundred vessels. It was apparent that the DJ and 
Traquis were somehow breaking all of the rules of physics somehow.
Then came a small string of planets being annihilated all over the 
empire, but this time, avoiding the Capital Systems, sixteen planets 
paid the price. 

Then finally came the reason why they weren't as a set of large DJ 
Grand Fleets attacked each Capital System, a series of furious battles 
thundered through each system as the respective home defense fleets; 
hundreds of warships pounded at each other, as DJ warships also pounded 
the planets themselves. The whole event took two days to finish, and by 
then both sides suffered horrendously, with the planets of each realm 
taking a great deal of damage in the process. (..as if Fungesia Prime 
didn't have enough already..)
But worst of all, was the news that Queen Misaki had been injured while 
leading the [I]Lent`it`tos[/I] children to a shelter. Fortunately, 
Arashi and Hidem were able to get her to a med station in time, in time 
that is to meet Emperor Azusa, unconscious from falling debris after a 
passing strike of DJ mecha. 
Most of us, minus Kagato and his party (still on their foray..) made 
our way to Jurai as fast as we could. We arrived with many fires still 
burning, the pattern of destruction pretty much random, though a good 
number of strikes on the Imperial Sai`Hon Tree could be seen, with even 
one of it's massive branches fallen. The Imperial Palace Tree was in 
better shape, as sets of Lighthawk Wings surrounded it in a moving spin 
pattern. 
There we found the two regents, with Funaho holding watch between the 
two; Tenchi bursting in before I did. We found the two already awake, 
but rather weak, though it didn't stop Misaki from glomping Ayeka and 
Sasami from her spot in bed. After a good deal of assurance from the 
Juraian meds that they both would recover sufficiently, and with 
Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Nen insisting on helping guard the med room with 
the Royal Guards, Ryoko was asked by Azusa to escort the non-royal 
members out for a moment, Misaki suggesting she take Washu, Nagi, my 
Knight team members, and the others to the War Room for an update; thus 
leaving myself with Tenchi, Sasami, Yosho, Ayeka, the mentioned above, 
and three sets of Guardians from their respective owners, guarding the 
obvious openings along the large med room they were in..

The topic was light and friendly for awhile, trying to divert attention 
from the obvious, with Misaki needling Ayeka about the married life, 
with Tenchi cringing, and Azusa getting a good laugh out of it. The 
topic turned to my new daughter, with Funaho asking for how long I had 
been keeping Isarra a secret. 
My truthful attempts to defend my ignorance brought even MORE laughter 
into the woodwork. 
But it all soon came down to everyone agreeing something had to be done 
to deal a heavy blow back at the DJ, and the fact that the war was now 
costing much more than anyone thought was possible. 
This it came to the conference, and the fact that Azusa wasn't going to 
be in condition immediately to get to the conference; wherein Tenchi 
was named to take his place; which brought on the expected protest. But 
I spoke up soon after, lending that Tenchi would somehow get the job 
done, with the help of his 'family'; Ayeka and Sasami both spoke up in 
support of this, and the Yosho with his usual words of wisdom. 
Tenchi knew a clue when he head one, and echoed the sentiments, and 
with that Azusa bestowed him with the legal powers necessary to work 
with the other powers properly. 
Beyond this, the talk centered around talk of the past, and stories 
Tenchi told later he had found most interesting. Myself, I went on a 
side journey to find out how the kids were doing.

The trip took me to the damaged Sai`Hon Tree, where I found the kids 
having a lesson from a tutor in one of the intact rooms. After a while 
of just watching, Misu looked over, and yelled out; causing the whole 
class to end up glomped all around me. The tutor only called uselessly 
for a recess, as Arashi and Hidem came over and helped me extract 
myself from the mass of tiny appendages. 
It was there, while getting all sorts of kids talk; one upon another, 
and another, and such; that Isarra came in; and laughed at my 
predicament. Arashi and Hidem introduced themselves first, speaking for 
the rest that they knew the news of her being my daughter. 
Isarra then engaged in simple small talk with the kids, as I got a good 
update from the tutor about the children's progress; all the while with 
Ibuka wrapped around my leg.

It was there, that Ayeka and Funaho found me, buried as I was under the 
kids that kept tackling me. When Funaho called out, it was her turn; 
Ayeka wasn't far behind. At least I had less weight on me after that. 
I never knew kids were so hazardous. 
While the kids played around, Hidem and Arashi listened in, as Funaho 
asked if I would help Tenchi out at the conference. I asked in what 
capacity, and got a reminder that I was a legitimate ambassador of the 
empire, and the fact that two Lighthawk users could bring a great deal 
of rapport in making suggestions that no one else might get enough 
support with. And, which had me thinking a good deal afterwards; that 
the life Tenchi and I once knew was going to change far more than we 
expected. It was then that Funaho insisted that Tenchi and I were 
becoming quite the legends in the inter-galactic expanse, being private 
about it now was becoming futile and needless..
I was getting my fill of my future, when Misu landed in my lap; 
(painfully..) and asked if I could read her a story.. Ayeka giggled in 
tune with Funaho, but I feeling warm by this one moment.

It was getting quiet outside, as dusk began silencing the afternoon 
winds.. so I carried the young girl with me, as a large shuffling of 
small feet followed me, and a few adult ones; as I sat on one of the 
couches, and told a story once told to me by a nanny that took care of 
me in that orphanage of such a long time and short span ago..

"My nanny once told me of a story about a group of young friends. These 
friends you see had known each about from you little ones ages, and 
that they had done many things with one another over the years. They 
would play games with kites, sing songs, play games of all kinds, help 
each other out from time to time, and one of their favorite things they 
would do is to sit around campfires in the summer and tell stories 
about other friendships; similar to the one I'm telling you here now.
It was because of this friendship that everyone liked and respected 
them for having been friends for so long, and that everyone that knew 
them could see that they would be friends for a long time, no matter 
what..
Course every gem has a imperfection that gives it character every once 
in a while.

Case in point, one of these friends was a loyal friend, but was a real 
jokester you see. Now, she would every once in a while play a prank on 
the others and get a laugh off of the others for this young ones 
expense, a trait that she always said he would stop doing after every 
prank. And this had been going on for many years mind you.. and one 
day, the pranks made the others really weary of the kid. 

The last one was a nasty one with something to do with a ghost story, 
and some COLD water.

Now, it was after this last prank, that the other friends decided to 
pull a prank of their own. And it was a 'devious' prank. They came up 
with a plan, and decided to pull it near this other friend's birthday. 
Well, the prank started with one of the friends telling the prankster 
that he couldn't go to his birthday party. This started a string of her 
friends repeatedly telling this one kid that they couldn't come.
Now, this kid was a good lad at heart really, and despite the jokes, 
always was able to come to their parties and celebrations and whatnot. 
So, it was apparent that this one kid was really saddened by what her 
supposed friends told him. 

Now, it came to the day of the birthday, and this kid was around school 
trying to invite ANYONE to come to her party. Of course, no one would 
take the invite, since the others had spread the news of the joke 
around. Well, by the end of the day, this kid had decided to have the 
party himself.. unfortunately, she couldn't have known that the others 
have set up a MAJOR surprise for her when she got home. 
Because of that, this lonely child decided to take a detour. Up a path 
she and his friends had taken many times before to reach home..
Except this time, she lost track of time, and of her bearings because 
of her mood. So, after a good while; she suddenly realized she was 
really lost and started running around in circles, running from scary 
noises, and for the most part, getting herself even more lost. 

Meanwhile, her friends had set up everything with this kid's parents, 
and everyone was in on it that knew the tyke.. and the joke? I'm 
getting to that part..

But, now that everyone had gathered, and were waiting for this one that 
never came. They waited, and so on, so forth; and after enough time, 
everyone was wondering where she was. Mind you the parents of this 
child were becoming quite worried. Finally, the friends asked for 
volunteers to help find their friend, and many volunteered, along with 
their parents of course, and they set off for all the usual places 
starting off from the school and checking out the kid friendly places 
all along the route they all would take together.

While this was happening, this lost kid had finally stopped running 
around, and ended near a thick grove of trees, boy; and when she 
stopped, the crying started. Now you see, it wasn't as much being 
scarred, as it was that she thought she had made everyone mad at her, 
and because of this that no one wanted her anymore. Course, being in a 
dark, thick, cold forest only added to the crying, and her fear made 
her cry harder.
And this she cried as the wind blew around her.

And the wind carried the crying a good distance. For you see, the 
friends had thought of trying this one hill path out of a hunch, and 
were about the head back down when the crying reached their ears.
Wouldn't you know that this started this them running like Ryoko from 
the GP; and soon they got close enough to have their own voices carry 
to the lost one. She head the voices calling for her and started 
running towards them herself. 
They found each other when she an one of the others plowed into each 
other, yeah it was that dark..

Oh, they were yelling, cheering, crying, like friends do in these 
situations. Soon, the parents found them, and after a bit of scolding 
from worried parents, all headed back down to the house.

And when they GOT there, BOY was there a shout of glee; and a LOUD 
'Happy Birthday' that went with it. Made the poor girl cry even harder. 
Go figure..
And they sang the birthday song, they made a big fuss about her being 
lost, and the other friends apologized for making them think they had 
abandoned her. And then they all hugged and said things that made even 
the parents shed a tear.
And then with everything at it's highest, the girl went to the birthday 
cake waiting for her. She was told to make a wish before blowing out 
the candles. She did, and blew at the candles..

..and one squirted at her..

..she finally noticed that one of the candles had a small tube running 
from it.. to one of the other friend's hands.. 
..a big fat 'gotcha' came after that from the friends. 
The birthday girl looked shocked, and then broke out in laughter; 
everyone else soon joined in.

These friends soon after continued a 'long' friendship that continued 
well past my former nanny was born to this same girl. Friendships are 
beautiful things, and if you believe strongly enough, they will come 
and help you when you are in your darkest hour. 
And that they can think too, don't forget that.."

As I finished, most of the kids were clapping, though a few had fallen 
asleep, including Misu.
Ayeka, Isarra, Arashi and Funaho were wiping tears away, describing how 
wonderful the story was..  Hidem only said ~ Ri`oa ~ (cool..)
This was seconded by Tenchi and Washu in the background, as Tenchi was 
clapping softly as Funaho took Misu from my now dead arms (goddesses, 
kids are heavy..) as Washu was appraising my fatherly abilities.
Then she mentioned that Ryoko could use some parental directional 
guidance. And then came the maelstrom herself as she phased in 
presumably looking for Tenchi. That tact changed fast as she and Washu 
exchanged a few 'kind' words.. Ayeka shooed them both out before they 
woke the now mostly sleeping children (they sleep anywhere they want in 
the Palace..) into a massive frenzy again.

Tenchi then asked if I and Funaho would join him in a nearby balcony, 
and we both obliged readily.. past Washu and Ryoko trading barbs I 
won't mention in writing.
We ended up along a balcony only a hundred meters across, as Funaho 
ordered a servant droid to fetch some evening drinks. Tenchi then went 
for the usual direct approach..

Did we think her could make a good ruler of an empire?

I suspected that Funaho had head more than I did after I left the 
infirmary, since she didn't react to much anyway.. (that's Misaki's 
job..), but I was quite taken aback.. and I mentioned if something had 
happened back in the med room. 
Tenchi then said something I was suspecting all along for his position. 
Azusa had all but given his confidence to Tenchi in becoming the next 
Emperor of Jurai. The tone was basically of an uncertain type, mostly 
from a former farm boy that expected to only learn a few Shrine 
techniques and lead a normal Earth style life.. now, he was all but 
expected to lead an empire into a new age, since it was apparently with 
Lighthawk users that became Emperors, that a new Age would usually 
follow with it. As one might expect, Tenchi was nervous on the 
bordering of scared out of his skull..
I took a drink from Funaho who basically faded back, letting me be the 
ears Tenchi needed to pour his soul into. His marriage he had to 
acquiesce to was truly a happy time for him, his wives he'd go through 
any hell Mulhorand came up with to keep them with him. He then poured 
his soul into how it was like his life had been 'directed' somehow ever 
since freeing Ryoko, heck; maybe since Achika died the first time. He 
then let the floodgates out, saying that he kinda felt the way Yosho 
did about the Royal lifestyle, not that he hated it all, it was so 
overwhelming for him, he'd fear losing his traits that made him the 
husband of three beautiful wives.
A few more sentiments came out, but not once actually saying he 
couldn't handle any of this, just of one scared of what the future laid 
out before him. And then he looked up, and characteristically 
apologized for 'rambling' on like that.. I only laughed to break the 
tension.

Then, feeling he was waiting for me to respond, I replied in kind to my 
own destiny being 'led'.. For one, I had a apparent destiny spanning 
from the birth of the empire; not to mention being led so on that 
Shrine Quest. 
Then having a mortal enemy on top of that, and being a pitiful mortal 
that would/could/shouldn't have the attention of High Dimensionals.. 
and then learning that you have a whole slew of kids you never knew you 
had, and a blood daughter that was basically a goddess herself. It all 
made me realize sometimes if I had a destiny that was being too dammed 
selfish, why me I would ask so many times in private..
And then.. I lowered the boom on what had happened with Tsui, Tokimi, 
and Gaia; informing that not only was she a gift, but a Contract to 
prevent the heavens from going to war with itself. And.. ugh.. that 
they were essentially my 'wives' because of it.. the looks I got was 
what I expected.

I then looked at Tenchi, and told him that he wasn't walking his road 
alone; we all were walking parallel roads to a glorious future.. and 
basically we would all be there for each other no matter what. I then 
equated the story that I had told the children, with them all saving me 
from my horrendous experience only a few months removed. 
I mentioned that I still had occasional nightmares from that 
experience, not the mention the war as a whole, and that it was because 
of the friendships we all shared, that we could all learn to move past 
this trauma. And because of that, there was no one I could better think 
of to become Emperor after Azusa than Tenchi could be. And with us 
beside him, especially his wives, we make DAMMED sure he was one butt 
kickin Emperor of Jurai. 

I bet my Tree on it..

Ryoko, Ayeka, Isarra, and Washu all seconded the motion, as Ryoko and 
Ayeka 'shared' Tenchi, saying many praises each from their hearts. 
Course they began to compete with each other a bit as they lauded over 
Tenchi, with Funaho chuckling in the background..

I don't know why, but I started to add the bit of when just past the 
original Battle of Jurai, after I was resurrected Funaho. I mentioned 
of how alone something like that experience in itself could be, after 
so long with a beautiful chorus to be with. I felt spoiled by the 
experiences, and that no one should ever feel that left out suddenly. 
I then impressed a reasoning on my friends and family, that 'that' may 
be the true reason why we all should be in the positions destiny set 
before us. To prevent others from being so alone, lest the dark 
elements take away something good needlessly..
Isarra then suggested that we use that theme in the upcoming 
conference. Washu agreed, imposing that the Alliances need a morale 
boost to go on, with the way the war had suddenly shifted. It was there 
that the topic of the war had finally reared it's ugly head. It 
centered mainly on the DJ forces, mentioning that they apparently had 
access to some kind of unusual technology, apparently centered on 
Dimensional tunneling.

It was interesting that they had to have access to some kind of a 
POWERFUL source to effect celestial bodies to an extreme extent. Washu 
then mentioned that she wasn't able to ascertain 'where' the stars had 
been transported from, and that the effect of the trip destabilized the 
stars more than they should have been. She then mentioned that the 
events had a correlation of negative energy particles from each source 
zone. In fact, there was a LARGE negative energy 'zone' around where 
Galaxy JGS-0124 had been. 
It was there, that Tsunami and Tokimi appeared, and announced that 
Washu should begin looking for a 'different' source of the 
disturbances, and that I had the key to it all.. 
I mentioned that this was a lousy time for being cryptic. But Washu for 
some reason looked like her eyes would bulge out.. I wasn't sure about 
this 'key' until I realized that it had to do with the DJ.. 

..and their very nature..

Washu and I hit on the idea at the same time, but from different 
angles. She went with the scientific approach, describing from the 
start how her lab was made of dimensional pockets, where I went with 
the emotional/historical viewpoint.
We both hit on the point at the same time.. the DJ must be operating 
form a completely different dimension. And that Mulhorand was 'using' 
it's version of Tsunami to access the energy inherent in that realm. 
The Dark Jurai were making war from a negative realm of existence.
Tenchi then injected, how could negative energy beings come into our 
dimension. The answer laid with the very nature of the war itself. The 
DJ had first gained access to our Dimension when the Armors were 
created, the effect of using some of the young Spacetrees to power them 
had a nasty backlash effect, leading to the Dark Jurai being born..
But if there was more to the Dark Jurai than just being the byproduct 
of a stupid mistake, then it was possible that the DJ were as 'natural' 
(to put it mildly..) as we were.. or in other words, native from this 
negative energy realm..

But then, why weren't there 'negative' versions of the other imperial 
realms, I asked Washu.. it was suggested that we concentrate on the 
ones at hand, the rest was conjecture at the current time. So it 
basically came down to a literal dark verses the light war in the end. 
And the dark were using ALL of their tricks to win. It was then decided 
to play the same game with our own rules..
Course first came nighttime, and Funaho took a bit of delight in 
suggesting I take a stimulant to bed with me.. good advice, a GOOD 
while later, I lay with two goddesses draped over me, and had enough 
wit left in me to ask of a favor..

Two days later, the Hikara, Funaho, Misaki, Terr`iah, and Sele`nta held 
station near Saturn, and if THIS was what they meant for low profile; 
these guys needed some stealth training.
We arrived to find a GP Maxium Class Spacestation orbiting just above 
the outer rings; the darn huge thing would probably be seen from 
telescopes on Earth as a new moon from it's size! Around the station, 
were hundreds of delegation vessels from the various empires, minor 
states, and even a few independent worlds caught in the conflict. Also, 
a VERY large, combined Alliance Fleet held station around the entire 
planet itself, as well as from our entry information reports; all 
around the entire Sol System. 
Yeah sure, low profile indeed..
But the news in coming was basically that the conference wouldn't last 
more than two days, the war was too pressing apparently to last longer 
than that. Heck, the station itself was basically 'anchored' in this 
region of space, with the capability to be 'pulled back' to it's 
original point, a special function all GP Stations had to preserve life 
aboard their vessels.. small comfort for such a ride would do to the 
occupants.. ugh..

The Juraian delegation made good with docking, and after a few hours of 
preparation; we made our way as one large group to the conference 
chamber. A massive edifice of tiers, sized according to nations status, 
and arrayed so that the main tiers were facing the other major imperial 
delegations. A set of walkways led from the primary tiers, to a center 
meeting point that the leaders of the empires, and room for some of the 
minor states to discuss directly. This central point was basically free 
floating above the entire chamber, a good 500 meters across, end to 
end.
Upon arrival, an announcer presented the Juraian delegation to the 
Alliance conference. Tenchi only shook his head, though Ryoko was quite 
flustered from such a greeting. Ayeka quieted Ryoko down in good 
situational taste, and we all soon arrived at the designated tier, 
there Fenganis and Nyano met with Lord Tenchi to give him an immediate 
sign of confidence, since the whole delegation had earned of the attack 
on Jurai, and the aftereffects. Tenchi graciously thanked both, and 
asked if everything was ready to go.. 

The mention of Naja trying to get Kagato away from Maymay AND Ange.. 
(that was news..) apparently slowed the process, and started the Royal 
rumor mill, a mainstay of Galactic Government apparently.
The meeting soon got underway, as a basic overall status of the war was 
portrayed by the respective Admirals and Grand Marshals of each empire, 
after that; came reports of similar nature from most of the minor 
states, and even one report from the planet Ouay of an apparent Traquis 
raid for supplies, citing reports of radio traffic of supply problems 
between the Traquis and DJ forces.
Then came the overall status of the Imperial Fleets, a sobering number 
came from each camp, and as they finished, it was apparent the past 
week was 'truly' a Hell week.

The numbers told a tale of a massively destabilizing situation 
throughout the Alliance realms. Over 219 planets had been affected by 
the recent offensives, 1,274 Battle Fleets had seen engagements, over 
65 percent of the standing forces of the Alliance. On top of that, a 
total of 34 'events' had occurred throughout the Alliance realms, 
mainly with the events of the 'star drops' on Alliance Fleets. 
This is where some bickering began, mostly over fears that this was 
only all a prelude to a true holocaust set to occur soon, many minor 
states were threatening to pull their forces back to protect internal 
interests, and it went even so far as when President Areait suggested 
the notion of negotiation with the Dark Jurai.
As soon as I heard THAT, I ROARED to my feet, and stomped that 
suggestion flatter than pancake! I bellowed to everyone that was 
listening, that this was an enemy that 'relished' in death, 
destruction, and pain. The very idea of a peaceful way out would only 
end up with the ENTIRE universe enslaved under the heel of evil itself. 
It was beyond ludicrous, and I for one would die to prevent such a 
travesty from occurring.. 

Tenchi then stood up, and reminded all present, that the Dark Jurai 
weren't unbeatable. They 'had' to be as worn out by the magnitude of 
this war as we were. It didn't make sense to simply roll over and give 
up now..
It was there that the surprise of the meeting was unveiled, as Washu, 
Yasani, and Funaho strode to the central meeting point, and there; 
Washu inserted a data rod.
A 3-D projection was displayed, a single large dark bubble, with a 
metallic ring around the edge of the bubble.. A Dimensional tunnel, 
Queen Rosusn pointed out; (she got a cookie, literally..) Washu then 
announced that this was a special Dimensional tunnel, whereas a normal 
tunnel connected two points in regular space, this one was made to 
connect between two different Dimensions altogether..
Apparently, after Washu realized the truth to the DJ's tactics, it was 
with these that they were able to appear out of nowhere, and with an 
accompanying negative particle trail after each use.

It was then put forth, as these same phenomenon may have the ability to 
act as a truly unique weapon. Washu suggested this, because the same 
energy pattern was still surrounding the starts that had appeared, the 
planets that had been destroyed, and even from where Galaxy JGS-0124 
used to be, a negative energy particle that  -- couldn't - exist in 
this Dimension naturally, and while it wasn't akin to the 
matter/antimatter equation, this resided in the realm of positive and 
negative realities. Normally, they don't interact, even in accidental 
contact. But if enough was harnessed in a deliberate manner, then 
focused uses could create just the events that have occurred during the 
war.
What wasn't part of her presentation was how the tunnels could be 
controlled, but what was certain, was that the effects; with the 
magnitudes seen, had to consume vast amounts of power to initiate these 
effects, and apparently it couldn't be negative energy alone.
It took both positive and negative energy to create a directional 
catalyst to create 'events'. 

This was where Washu brought up a new image..
..the Toalh Nebula.. 
This she immediately announced, was an unnatural spatial construct. The 
presence of so many Neutron Stars couldn't happen naturally either. 
While this was debatable, the fact that the same negative particle 
energy surrounded the whole bloody thing WASN'T debatable. What more, 
there was apparently a layered spatial effect in progress there, the 
numbers weren't exact, but it seemed there were THOUSANDS of Neutron 
Stars being held in this one area. 
More than enough power to use the tunnel as a most effective weapon. 
But something still had to control this, and that was apparent 
conjecture.. 

..until I realized the connection between Mulhorand and the negative 
energy Tsunami version..

Maybe it.. it was possible that there literally was a Dark version of 
the Jurai Power in effect in this negative realm. I had first hand 
contact with the fact, that the DJ were using Dark Trees as vessels, 
and that this creature had used her power during my last torture 
sessions. This had to be it, it HAD to be!!
That last I voiced out loud, this time drawing unwanted attention. 
I explained the reasoning above why, and that everything above pointed 
to a REAL dark versus light war; there was even a dark and light 
version of Tsunami. The dark version apparently the result of one of 
Tsunami's stolen Tree seeds being corrupted by the nature of this 
realm. 
Considering the fact that this had to have started just after the 
Second Exodus, that would have placed the whole process at around 
25,000 years to come together..

..a long time for evil to make intricate plans on such a scale..

Despite all this, there wasn't much upfront information about how we 
could counteract all this, and then counterattack back in force. With 
that, the gathering was called to recess, and everyone began to 
disperse.
Tenchi was to my left when he thanked Washu and Funaho for their 
efforts so far, and that he wasn't sure where we could go from here.
Funaho suggested a short hiatus to Earth, but Tenchi and I dismissed 
thus as inappropriate due to the war climate. Washu assured that we 
could go back and not worry about a possible attack, something that 
struck me as strangely prophetic.
Despite all, Tenchi and Funaho made their way to a dining area to 
discuss matters with Emperor Fenganis there, while I bid my leave of 
Washu, and made my way to an observation area.

A few hours later of simply sitting and watching stars rising over the 
rings of this sixth planet of my home System, I started hearing echoes 
from a corridor, coming closer by the moment, soon; presenting voices 
of two I knew well..
Achika and Mihoshi came around the corner, discussing some kind of 
Juraian aphrodisiac, when Achika saw me and called out.
I had not stood despite, and simply bade a seat nearby; turning back to 
the view outside.
Achika though had a knack of funneling attention, and asked me of what 
I felt of being a true father.

A mix of exhilaration and outright abject fear, rolled into a package 
of uncertainty. Well, that and the fact that Isarra was of a partial 
Goddess type, made for the addition of pride and extra uncertainty.. 
Considering the circumstances, I wasn't all sure I was fit to be a 
father in the first place, this added upon my usual uncertainties of 
being a person of position at all. At least Achika for her part, made a 
good laugh. Achika then asked what our plans were for after the war.. I 
supposed, I responded, that we would do the things that a family 
should, namely first: learning how we all ticked together.
Achika just kept listening as I babbled about maybe taking Tsui, Isarra 
and myself on a simple trip around the block on Earth, my old haunts, 
stuff to help bring a true foundation to the mix.

Mihoshi for her part, wasn't asleep yet, as she suggested using Yosho's 
training to develop camaraderie and discipline; in the same way it did 
for Tenchi and I.. impressive suggestion, just before she DID start 
napping off near cue.
Achika then started quipping Yosho like wisdom, about her own 
experiences with raising Tenchi when she had the chance, and also that 
she was more that aware of seemingly starting off anew with Tenchi, 
even though it's only been around a year..
That's when it hit me like a brick. I stood and thanked Achika, saying 
I had a sudden appointment.

Whoa and behold, despite what I thought earlier, I was back on Earth at 
the residence anyway. I arrived upon the beam of a transporter from my 
vessel, and first went to my old room, which I found in near pristine 
condition, along with the rest of the Shrine; a spell from Tsunami I 
could feel readily apparent in the area.
I went out of curiosity first, and found that the present I had 
intended for Tsui before I left; was still there, no sign of being 
tampered with. I sighed, and next chuckled for fortune's second 
chances.
I took the medium sized package, and headed downstairs, and outside 
again.
I almost went to Sele`nta but vectored over to the lakeside, in that 
one special area instead. 
There, I kneeled, and made a prayer copying the one I made to the Kami 
over a year earlier.
As I hoped, a teal haze with a twinkling sound appeared, and thanked 
Kami it was only her this time.
Tsunami prodded me with living in the past for some reason, joking 
maybe I was seeking a God's advice for once..
I retorted kindly with the presumption that there WERE Gods to go with 
all the Goddesses I've met. 
Tsunami made a vague comment that I could tell wasn't going to lend ANY 
real answers to that one, so I only asked Tsui to kneel next to myself. 
As she did, I asked her, if she was mad at me for missing out on our 
first anniversary of our original meeting. 
She only responded with a soft kiss, something that almost reminded me 
of our first real kiss, something I then commented about. Tsunami knew 
that being a High Dimensional meant that 'important dates' wouldn't 
hold as mortal a meaning that I usually intended, hence why she never 
did more that caress the package I now held.

I caressed one of her long pony-tresses, playing in between my fingers 
as I described some of the things I had just discussed with Achika not 
too long ago, and then moving into a short dialogue concerning our 
current course in our relationship.
A lot of caressing went with many of the words, as the theme of the 
discussion became more and more tender, eventually the distance between 
us being nonexistent.
It was there that I professed how much I loved her, and how much it 
meant to me, that not only that she had helped save my life (for more 
times I could remember..), but also, that she was willing to choose me 
as one to help parent Isarra, however late in the game it now 
apparently was..
Tsunami just locked my eyes even more intently, and thanked 'me' for 
giving mortal meaning to an immortal life..

We could have just done it 'there and then', but I was reminded by the 
soft crinkle of wrapping paper, turning the subject to the present, 
yeah, finally..
I simply laid the package on her arms, and only watched her, as she 
glanced the coverings, removed them softly, removed the large box that 
spanned a good two meters by the way.. though only a few inches deep..
And then watched eyes turn aglow in the increasing moonlight..
She removed an unusually complex looking kimono set, and used her 
powers to levitate it fully in display..

It was a replica of an ancient Japanese Royal kimono used by the elite 
of the elite of those ancient times.
By far the most heavy hit to my bank account, the replica was made in 
the style that reflected Tsunami's own usual Goddess dress, except that 
it was gloriously expanded in scope in as majestic and beautiful a 
manner I could find around abouts the country.
The two main colors were of white, with light teal as accent; much of 
the hems, sheer silk overlays, underlying silk gown, arm length silk 
runs that had sheer silk over lays that ran past the hand cuffs, and 
especially the two extra overlays of silk that were patterned and set 
just right to accent the longer underneath layers, all had intricate 
patterns of cherry blossom trees and softly set silk patterns of small 
songbirds in majestic flocks, all pattered and sewn in almost as it all 
seemed the dress was a window to another world altogether..
The addition small sets of silk bows, also with the theme colors, and a 
single large sheer silk sash that ran around one arm sleeve, around the 
neckline, and back down around the separate sleeve; sewn in along all 
three areas, as if they melted into the accompanying silk.
Finally, the addition of a chest plate covering, similar to the one she 
usually wore on her normal robes, was the most highly decorated piece 
of all.. inlaid with silk and velvet, also in the theme color, but 
accented thrice by Ancient Juraian rune markings, set with a kind of 
liquid diamond and sapphire compound, one that Washu helped me with.. 
and lined with actual silver at the edges, which happened to edge the 
hems of the gown, sleeves, and neck collar line.

Upon her asking, as she phased just as immediately as she did for her 
Christmas present; I told that it had been in the works ever since 
Tenchi's wedding party.
I was content to keep my kneeled position, as Tsui twirled in her new 
overdue extravagance, flowing and shimmering her silk and linings in 
the moonlight. I simply basked in only one thought:

"How the heck did I become so damned lucky?"

She finished spinning, and 'fell' into my arms and lap, a leg exposed 
from one of the pair of leg slits, dressed with an accompanying ankle 
length bootie, one she deliberately swung over my legs. She then 
started simply nuzzling me..
Strange something that was only put on a few moments ago didn't stay on 
long.

I awoke later, placed a wool robe on, and made for the outside floor, 
getting a breeze of cool air to dry me off further.
I was then looking at the lake glint from the setting moon; and a 
though occurred to me as I looked at the reflection..
I was seeing a reflection of beauty, but a false one.

And a reflection couldn't lend it's results as effectively as the 
original source.

Nature made it so, so the equation must apply to other 'areas' as 
well.. such as the problem facing the known universe.
I was thinking upon this, when a soft but cold hand startled me, a 
giggle accompanying.
Tsunami leaned over with her deliberately unkempt long hair draping 
over in a cascade, as she asked what I was thinking.
Sai`Hon had maybe done more than caused the Dark powers to create the 
negative image of Juraians, but maybe that it created a mirror image of 
Sai`Hon himself.
A purely negative soul split in the same coin as the Knight himself, 
but with the obvious repercussions. The physical philosophical ideal in 
action and form. A legacy I had to deal with now..
..sobering wasn't strong enough a word..

We were about to draw into a 'round two', when a brilliant flash 
appeared near Luna; followed by the tiny, but telltale signs of jump 
points opening. Around these flashes were smaller ones that only could 
mean heavy laser exchanges.
Then we both felt it. Mulhorand's Treevessel entering the System.
It was immediately obvious, as we both flashed into combat suit armor.
The Dark Jurai were invading the Sol System.

It wasn't long after, as Sele`nta rocketed into orbit, and into the 
waiting range of a pair of DJ Capitals, that they were going ALL out in 
this attack.
I dispatched one vessel, and clipped another into a hasty retreat, as 
the comm channels were flooded with reports of an apparently HUGE 
ambush all around the System, as whole Fleet Groups attacked one 
another, and the Main Fleet at the GP station were under severe 
bombardment. Worse, was that a flotilla of DJ warships were approaching 
Earth itself, and consequences not be told of THAT..
Yagami was the first vessel I encountered, as it led a trio of Juraian 
Frigates to try and intercept the DJ force.
As we linked up, and Tsunami was handing the comm with Kiyone, a wave 
of DJ starfighters swarmed over our small group, dealing moderate 
damage to one of the Frigates, and light damage to the rest of us, the 
Wings serving most of us well.

Mihoshi the other reason on her end..

We beat off the wave, as a second Alliance Task Force (mostly Fungesian 
vessels) leapt in over Luna's Zenith Pole, and helped us create a quick 
pincer upon the approaching DJ force. Despite a two-to-one 
disadvantage, the Wings and Gem shields doing their job, as our 
counterparts fell under highly focused fire led by Kiyone's eye.
Unfortunately, they were far more determined that reasonably expected, 
as three of the vessels slipped through, and were able to make a 
rudimentary bombardment near the Eastern Pacific region.
A second push got us into range, enough to drive off the vessels, as 
they started speeding away. They didn't get far..

A second DJ Task Force leapt in right on top of the planet, and dropped 
a quick plasma bomb strike upon the Northern Pole, and even hit part of 
Northern Europe.
This angered Tsunami greatly, and summoned Tsunami Unit into the fray, 
RAZING the entire group in a single stroke of massed dimensional plasma 
cannon. A third group was about to jump in near a lower La` Grange 
point, well away from our position, when an Alliance Fleet force jumped 
literally on top of it, several vessels on both sides crashing into one 
another.
Again, Tsunami summoned her vessel upon the enemy, dealing aggregreous 
damage to what vessels that weren't occupied. Unfortunately, two 
vessels still managed through, and struck both the Eastern edge of N. 
America, and the western edge of Africa proper, a Alcorian vessel 
sacrificed by slamming into one vessel, but ended up taking both down 
into the Atlantic just below the Equator.
The second vessel fell to concentrated fire.

Unfortunately, the damage was obvious.. as a series of fires raged 
along the surface of the planet in the affected areas. The sight numbed 
each of us present to the core, and became the rallying cry from of all 
people, a FURIOUS Mihoshi; as she transmitted the images via wide 
broadband broadcast.
Yet, despite knowing that Earth had finally joined the war in a 
unwanted, tragic way; the battle still  revolved around the GP station, 
as at least seven Alliance Fleet Groups held the line against ten DJ 
Fleet Groups opposing. 
However, Mulhorand's Treeship wasn't among them, as Tsunami traced his 
vessel via power waves, around the orbit of Mars. Before we could make 
a decision to attack in a vector, ANOTHER DJ TF dropped almost on top 
of us, and a number of them too began to bombard the surface.

This time however, the attacks didn't reach past the atmosphere, as a 
LARGE energy shield of some kind sprang to life around the planet. Not 
even a pair of thermo-plasmatic bombs got through, and I was more than 
a little please, despite being baffled by the sight.
I turned to Tsui in an attempt to congratulate, but got a blank look 
mirroring my own. I asked if it was any of the Sisters, or Washu, and 
got another negative nod. I would have prodded further, but a glancing 
laser blunted off the Wings, and found two DJ Corvettes barreling down 
at us. A crossfire from two Alcorian vessels took one down, as I 
dispatched the second via pulse cannon.
A short series of maneuvers followed, as I maneuvered my Treeship 
around three more pursuers, and helped take down two others giving 
trouble to other Alliance ships.

It was when this next wave died down, that Tsunami suddenly shouted out 
that she knew the source of the shield..
..all I got, as a powerful 'program' of some kind, just before a 
distress call from Hikari came over the frequencies. The discussion was 
put on immediate hold, as I procured six vessels, the rest holding 
station around Earth, and short jumped within the orbit of Saturn once 
more..

..and into a space opera's version of Hell itself. 

All around, hundreds of Capitals from both sides traded volleys, clouds 
of Jurdams, mecha, starfighters, and battlesuits danced in massive 
displays of death traded upon one another.
As we arrived, we homed in on Hikari's signal, twenty-seven klicks away 
from the main station, there we found the Treeship in a grapple with 
three DJ Battleships, with the Hikari's escorts being swamped with 
similar, equitable DJ forces.
Despite the incredible chaos, there was a definite immediate pattern 
that was seen among the battle zone. Three of the DJ Fleet Groups were 
trying to pincer in from Mark Nadir 090, trying to stab straight at the 
GP station, with a good number of Alliance officials still aboard. 
Almost dead center was where the Hikari Battle Group had placed 
themselves, an immediate two to one disadvantage, obviously trying to 
by time. A second DJ pincer was at Mark Zenith 221, but was stopped 
cold by four Fleet Groups. Unfortunately, these two areas were forty 
kilometers apart, and with most of the rest of the Alliance Battle 
Groups engaged all around the Saturn Zone, Tenchi's group had become 
cut off, and in danger of being overrun, which would have led the DJ 
straight to a weak second line, and the station itself.

Luckily, it changed when we, and two more outer System Task Forces that 
had laid along the Sol Orrt Cloud Zone; I immediately grabbed command 
of those two, and focused the initial assault upon the DJ Battleships. 
A set of five DJ vessels tried to block us, but focused fire destroyed 
three ships, and one other was hit viciously. And as a pair of DJ mecha 
blazed by the Sele`nta's cockpit, I ordered a massed Wing charged array 
shot, and waited until we were within optimal range, all the while 
suffering hits from the DJ secondary Capitals.
The shot that rang out, incinerated one Battleship, and cleaved  
second, leaving the third at Hikari's mercy.

..not.

The Young Crown Price then ordered that all vessels break apart the DJ 
pincer, starting with a fourth Battleship that Hikari itself downed 
with it's Wings.
It was then, that a new Alliance Task Force leapt in, lead by Soujya 
and Naga; which had waited outside the System. That ended the life of 
the remainder of the two DJ Battle Groups in short order. Kagato hailed 
in just before Naja did, hence both informing that the Alliance 
reserves laying outside the System were now coming in, as Kiyone 
alerted to; as two more Alliance Fleet Groups started jumping about on 
top of the second pincer, and in three other areas around Saturn. 
In the quick hiatus, Tenchi asked for confirmation of the bombardment 
of Earth, a task I solemnly confirmed. In short order, signals came in 
from other Alliance leaders, as it soon became apparent the tide had 
turned in the Saturn Zone. Tenchi responded to all the signals, that 
now was the time to deliver a MASSIVE counter blow, one that had the 
sense of blood vengeance behind the tone.

I would have been taken aback, but myself felt the adrenaline rush of 
taking the battle right to the *explicative*.
The counterattack started, with a double push originating from the 
station and Zenith Mark 221. From there, the DJ were pushed completely 
out of the area; albeit slowly. In the meantime, a reinforcement was 
set to go to Earth and protect it further, Tsunami decided to accompany 
this one.
I decided to try and finally hunt down Mulhorand, and took a Task Force 
of primarily Kartasian and minor State vessels, though six 3rd 
Generation Treeships lent to the core of the force.

As we fanned out along our own vectors, a signal from Ken-ohki came in 
suddenly, on a general freq. It blared with news that seemed TOO 
incredulous to believe; and my TF joined the reinforcement Group 
towards Earth.
We found the unspeakable. Luna, was a broken moon.
In the distance, trying to escape, were a small TF of DJ vessels, with 
some Alliance vessels trying to cut them off. One DJ vessel was still 
behind, as we saw it release a tractored asteroid, launching it like a 
massive Ferrous shot. The impact it made on a large untouched area, 
shattered it into three large chunks.
Why they seemed so determined to attack Earth, considering it's base 
strategic value, only lent to the fact that the DJ were trying to send 
a personal message to certain members of the Alliance war effort. The 
rest that were gathered were simply shocked, but I could only imagine 
the panic now enveloping the once isolated planet. The Dark Jurai were 
going ALL out to hurt us where it counted, this was the only logic that 
was available.
Strangely, the only Earth orbiting station, the so-called ISS; hadn't 
been even touched by the carnage, as two Alliance vessels used it to 
create a defensive line to protect Earth proper. Unfortunately again, 
time didn't allow for diplomacy with the Terran governments, as the DJ 
fleet had been joined by two more Fleet Groups, evening the numbers. 
With them this time, I finally 'saw' the demon's Treeship at point. 

I decided to play a tactic against Mulhorand, and had Sai`Hon take 
direct control of Sele`nta, upon which; I took one of my Jurdams, and 
slaved two more to be mobile wingmen. I launched straight at the center 
of the line, and simply stopped at a midpoint between the closing 
Fleets, where which I openly broadcast a slew of unsavory comments 
about all manner of character of Mulhorand's being, noting most of all 
his manhood, and the fact, that the REAL Jurai would always be stronger 
that his pitiful force.

..It got the effect.. 

His vessel directly leapt in front of the others, and too a pair of 
Cruisers with it. A trio of Alliance ships sped past me, and I took 
advantage by skimming with an Fungesian Destroyer, using the bulk of 
the ship to hide me vector. Mulhorand wasn't so stupid to fall for a 
blind attack, and tried to fry the Destroyer. It was then the Fleets 
exchanged fire, and took to a HARD angle that ended up with my Jurdam 
skimming the underside of Mulhorand's vessel, my Jurdam Key doing heavy 
damage to the belly of the arachnid vessel.
I was speeding away, when a DJ mecha suddenly SLAMMED into me suit, as 
two more DJ mecha grappled with my 'wingmen'. It wasn't hard to guess 
whom I was fighting, and used the DJ Treeship as an oversized arena, 
both of us trading mecha blade parries. This didn't last long though, 
as Mulhorand pulled a mecha heavy cannon, and barely missed my port 
side, as I rolled clear.
It was there, that a LARGE wave of Alliance mecha suits swarmed around 
us, breaking up the duel, as a new Alliance Fleet Group leapt in from 
the Saturn Zone. The battle became one-sided as the DJ began to flee 
under withering fire. A TF tried to play cat and mouse in the Luna 
debris field, but the chasing Alliance units weren't going for it.

I was trying hard to require sight of my prey, when said target came 
over the frequencies..

"{{~ Hope you like my gift, a fitting tribute to our one year 
anniversary. Since you like destroying worlds to rid the universe of 
me, then you'll know the vein I give this gift.

..the blood of Terra joins the blood of the Alliance.. let the pain 
endure for me to enjoy.

..and now, I challenge you to try and kill me Knight of the Order.. see 
if you can fail a second time whelp of a whore goddess!!. ~}}"

That one burned.. deep..

It was then, that a LARGE dark portal suddenly opened up at the mid 
point between Earth and the shattered Luna. Through it, the DJ began 
their retreat..
I acted more from raw hatred than logic at that moment, and launched 
Sele`nta towards that portal, neverminding the odds at that moment. I 
was fortunate providence took over my stead, as a LARGE object flew by 
my Treeship, or what ended up as part of a LARGER set of objects. All I 
noticed next was this 'object' forma massive ring around the 
dimensional portal, locking around it with a flash of energy to boot.
As the rather surprised and expectantly enraged Dark Jurai began trying 
to assault the massive construct, I silently made a thanks to Washu, 
providence takes many forms.
In the chaos of the moment, as the DJ split between fleeing and trying 
in vain to attack the ring; Mulhorand's Treeship suddenly doubled back, 
and made a ramming speed attack on Sele`nta; barely missing as I forced 
an evasive action maneuver. The DJ Treeship made two more attempts 
before retreating off a light broadside I fired back with.

In the heat of the chase, I missed a warning from a number of Juraian 
commanders, as well as a heated retort from Nagi; that I was too close 
to the tunnel.
I reacted too late, as the gravitational zone of the tunnel grabbed 
hold of my vessel, the groans of the hull accompanying my degrading 
comments for my mindset. Stupid was I to fall for such a tactical 
error, but the vestiges of words died with my next waking sight.

I've heard of the Darkness of the Universe..

But seeing is believing.

Space all around me was.. like a negative photographic image template. 
'space' was literally a grayish-white, the 'stars', a dull black color 
hinted by the color of the star if it were in normal space. Wisps of 
'dark matter', everything from space dust, to spatial gasses and  
ionized particles normally invisible to the normal eye, floated by like 
erratic, wispy clouds of material; giving depth to the eery scene 
before me. This strange scene was accompanied with a growing view of a 
double star system, with a single growing sphere emerging from the 
'glare' of the stars..

"{{~ Welcome to 'my' home whelp.. Vicar will be you grave!! ~}}" 

I heard from my ships speakers, just before the LARGE DJ fleet that had 
jumped before hand suddenly descended upon me.
A series of shudders followed, as my Wings became upon a MASSIVE 
strain; it took much of my piloting skill to avoid an outright funeral 
pyre. As I ducked my vessel several more blasts, I ordered Sai`Hon to 
begin a recording unit of these sights. I assumed the worst after that 
as the unit launched with all the pertinent data, back towards the 
tunnel, which was apparently stuck open behind me.

But luck was a goddess, as off to my starboard, a pair of Alliance 
vessel screamed in from the said tunnel, taking out three DJ vessels. I 
merged coordinates with them and upon saying my thanks, made order to a 
quick retreat.
We blasted past three more DJ ships, as we closed with the tunnel. It 
was there, that another transmission from the demon blared forth, 
saying words to effect of my 'guts'; this time I heeded little, as we 
finally leapt back into the tunnel.
Our trio of vessels arrived in a WHOLLY different place than we 
supposed we would be however.

All I could see was Neutron Stars, a fleet of Traquis and DJ vessels, 
and one LARGE space station about as large as three GP stations welded 
together.
Rather than think, I ordered for us to bolt for the closest escape 
route. Along the way, as the enemy began to respond slowly, we deployed 
echo-flares in desperation while we seeked a exit. We found it as a 
Traquis Destroyer leapt in on our Port-Zenith vector; one that didn't 
last long under our guns. 
I deployed a single echo-flare with a proximity mine just before 
leaping. The lack of pursuit told of the effectiveness of that tactic.
After that, it simply took a good bit to trail and error to find the 
proper vectors, and we soon emerged from the settler hell to find..

..that we were outside the Toalh Nebula..

All I could do after that, was order a vector back to Terra-Sol; all 
along the way back thinking of just 'what' kind of tunnel the DJ had 
set up..

..or how many of them, considering the heat of the escape made exact 
plotting rather moot.

Two days later, we arrived back within the ravaged System, and into the 
relived/worried glares of my family. My data of the Negative Dimension 
soon quieted those fears, as Washu and Yasani poured over the findings, 
and helped answer my above question..

Not one or two.. but sixteen separate tunnels; webbed from the single 
System of Vicar into several areas of the Positive Dimension. The 
findings made clear of where two of the permanent ones had to be, the 
others had to be temporary constructs.
It all fell into place after that, as our gathered, as well as soon 
after; the Alliance leadership. Tenchi was the one that called for a 
counterstrike soon after, especially after it was made clear from 
Washu, that the tunnel now existing in the Sol System was 'temporarily' 
made permanent. With that, the data from Sele`nta concerning the 
'route' used to escape the Toalh Nebula became our second avenue. Washu 
then made it clear that two more tunnels could be 'thrown together' 
within a week to create additional invasion routes. All this was put 
forth to the whole Alliance gathered in an hastily gathered session. A 
few worried questions floated from the Alcorian and Akara camps, but 
mostly to the nature of the logistics and fleet requirements more than 
outright fears of defeat.

Of all people, it was Fenganis that put forth the declaration that it 
was time to end the war; not to mention do it in a fashion appropriate 
to eradicate the DJ forever. 
The vote that came after was suprisingly unanimous, the feeling of any 
dissent simply nowhere to be had.
The planning for this massive juggernaut was left out of my hands, 
though my asking of Tokimi would now come into play.

Beyond that, the matter of dealing with an Earth now apart of the 
Galactic whole had to be addressed somewhat initially. This was done 
but an initial entourage of Funaho, Erasi, Rosusn, with Lonar and 
Aphelia as guards/symbols; as they made a First Contact overture to the 
United Nations Assembly a few days after the Alliance meeting. As it 
was, the family and I were ordered, not a request in the slightest; to 
keep our affairs secret for the time being. Mostly from Misaki's 
request, since the natives were quite hysterical for the time being.
A lynching now would be quite bad to the war effort.

As it was, the family gathered at the Shrine to assess any damage, as 
well as take in some rest before the coming of the final storm. 
Luckily, euphemistically speaking, Japan itself was left relatively 
untouched, though ash from the Asian continent made it's way over here 
upon the Jet Stream of this region, turning even a bright summer day 
into a red, dusky one. The nights were even worse, as a pale gray and 
purple hue took over, lending a number of us to shed tear everytime we 
saw such.
This made the already half-hearted attempts with Shrine upkeep hardly 
worth the effort, as minds were to distracted with repaying the favor, 
a sentiment Ryoko took to be most vocal with, followed closely by most 
notably Mihoshi and Nagi.
And, this was the bare attempts to forget the impossible, easily 
intruded upon by the tragedy orbiting the heavens above (Even in the 
daytime..), not to mention the LARGE gathering of twinkling dots 
orbiting around the glowing black rob that was the Tunnel, especially 
when some traces of red and green light could be seen, hinting at the 
obvious of reality.

It was during this time that we all mostly watched the event s taking 
place in an area called New York, in a place called the United Nations. 
Here Funaho took the actions of actually detailing not only the course 
of the war, but even where the Juraian and Fungesian Empires 
originated. If that wasn't enough, they had Alliance warships do fly 
over demonstrations, and even helped assure humanitarian aid to the 
stricken regions affected by the bombardment. Within days, this part of 
the open ended deal was bequeathed to, with literally hundreds of 
Alliance transports; some the size of large asteroids, delivering 
mostly food and prefabricated shelter supplies.
In time, the Earth would even be allowed to join the coming Union, but 
at a controlled pace, and under the provision that the Earth clean up 
it's acts of stupidity it constantly raped itself with.
The Alliance wasn't about the have a child join a group of parents just 
to have it wreak havoc upon an already stretched universe. Funaho made 
DARNED sure to stress this point, considering the Earth was lucky in 
the first place to even be still 'existing'!
Course despite attempts at levying the seriousness of the situation, 
Misaki had to do her usual routine upon even several of this worlds 
most respected ambassadors, including a snooty French delegate that 
made a crude remark about her family. Ryoko was busting a gut all over 
the floor after what we saw Misaki do as a 'response'.

..ugh..

Within the end of the week, a treaty of understanding was drafted, all 
under the eyes of the Jurai King himself, finally recovered to full. 
His ship appearing at the ceremony apparently made a pretty large 
splash.
Past that was news that the Alliance Fleets were almost ready to 
finally take the war to the Dark Jurai. A sound of confidence that 
hopefully would end up ringing true. 
But there were other things on the palate first.

First off, Tsunami made darned sure the show off my present for her, to 
the entire family, certainly lightening the mood. This itself touched 
off a karioke/drinking party. This time, with Tokimi and Gaia joining 
in, in a quartet with Tsui and I. Isarra was there too, sharing a tune 
with Sasami, Ryo-ohki (big form), and even a toddler called Mayuka I 
have not mentioned much (oh yes, she's been with the family through all 
these journals, just.. anyway..), as it was, all this combined to make 
us forget the war for one night, at long last. 
Thank the Goddess it was so.
And then there was some new relationships in the making that were being 
forged, especially when a few of my Knight Team members showed up with 
Fleet progress reports. First; Ange, Yasani, Ala. And then Ketira along 
with N, U, and Vycan; escorting Tynusu, Risao and Orapa; the latter 
three apparently becoming fast friends.

As I could tell rather immediately, Ketira for some reason took to 
Yosho of all people like a fish to fish food (or something to that 
effect.), and Ange kept talking about nothing else except Kagato this 
and Kagato that. It didn't even apparently phase her when Ayeka told 
Ange that Kagato was already married, weird, but anywho..
On other fronts, Ayeka and Ryoko kept up the act around Tenchi just for 
old times sake, Washu and Yasani got into a prolonged chess like series 
of matches that surrounded using elements of the periodic table.. 
basically the chess pieces would attack and opposing piece with a 
randomized element, including uranium and potassium; lending to 
interesting demises for the pieces..
Mom and Dad made another surprise entrance, with a special data packet 
for myself from Azusa, basically saying that I was to make sure Tenchi 
made it out of everything alive in the end. When Tenchi found out, he 
expressed surprise, considering that this used to be the man the 
reviled the Crown Prince's existence. Things do change indeed. In the 
meantime, Dad and Mom got the know Isarra 'really' well, Dad just 
giving me a hard time with the whole deal, and Mom just pleased as a 
gem to be a grandmother suddenly. Heh, parents..

On other, quieter fronts, Achika and Sasami seemed to pick right up 
from where they all left off. Making us all quite fat, though Minagi 
seemed to surpass even Ryoko in the 'stuff-the-face' department. Sasami 
took three out of five nights.
Hikari then decided to hold a family contest, centering around a ball 
game of baseball, set in a nearby park just outside of Okiyama proper. 
It seemed to be a repeat of the snowball fights of earlier this year, 
with a Royals/Knights contingent verses the Commons, a bit that Ayeka 
took great interest in mugging Ryoko constantly about. At lease this 
time I was on the Royals side.. Not that it helped, as I'm actually 
pretty lousy with baseball. We got conked 7-1 (Tenchi saved us from a 
shutout, good man..), two days later, Hikari got us all riled up for a 
second round, 8-3 this time. My fondest memory was getting a third ball 
to go with my natural two, well, not that 'fond'..

Risao then started getting into that act of finding out about 
everyone's relationships; more because she was trying to get pointers 
for a relationship she was seeking, though the 'details' weren't 
forthcoming. On top of all that, Nen and Bruinuae show up to surprise 
Sasami one day, delivering a coded packet to Tenchi, but also just to 
make a ruckus.
All of this combined seemed to make us forget the war completely, if 
not for the 'reminders' mentioned above..
It was thus, that last night where I found my Tsui hovering at the 
lakeside; looking upwards with a neutral faade. I snuck up all to 
easily, and got a charged bolt for my trouble. Tsui reflexively 
apologized like the dickens, but we both just ended up in a light 
wrestling match. By the time we were done laughing like hyenas, Tsui 
had simply buried her face into my chest. I only wrapped my arms around 
her, and buried my head in her silken hair. There we lay for a while, 
the summer night breeze giving only peace and comfort.

I then asked her a blunt question..

"What would happen if I eventually die."

Yeah, I know I was a mood killer, but considering everything that had 
happened, it was nigh time to settle a question that had an obvious 
consequence. It was all well and good that we all, the Family and 
friends there off; had yet to be witness to an actual death of a 
beloved one. Considering that I was tortured, Azusa and Misaki wounded 
rather heavily, the rest of us somehow had gone through things that no 
mortal should survive, and maybe even immortal as well.
I had to know what Tsunami would do if I was gone, a great possibility 
considering the task before us all.
Tsunami didn't respond, immediately anyway..

What she did instead was to look into my eyes softly, and touch her 
forehead to mine, my sigil suddenly glowing fiercely.

"You can't die on me, not especially after 25,000 years of waiting. I'd 
just end up chasing after you again, for another 25,000 years if I had 
to.

..we are destiny, and I will fight to keep that destiny. 

..forever, everafter, everywhere, everything.
..because I love you too dammed much mortal."

We simply kissed with a passion even I was surprised with.. the night 
there coming even moreso.
We made such love like it was our last and our first at the same time.
I had my answer..

The next day, after a calm breakfast like it was a regular day on the 
farm; we made sure to remember the deal Tenchi, Ryoko, and I had made 
if we all survived. Dad helped echo a sentiment from Yosho for us all 
to hold onto during the events that were about to transpire.
Our power of family will see us through even the magnificent hell we 
would see, and that is was time to face the task we've been seeking for 
all this time. A massive, singular toast to that effect was the curtain 
call, as we soon headed to either our respective vessels in Washu's Lab 
Docking Bays, or to Washu's War Room, or the GP station to oversee the 
events from either place.
An hour later, Sele`nta, Hikari, Yagami, Azusa, Misaki, Funaho, Terrai, 
along with a slew of other vessel and Treeships joined with the massive 
Alliance Fleet. Off to the left was Ryo-ohki, Ken-ohki, and a slew of 
other ohki's Washu activated to help support this operation.

Communication traffic was quite heavy, mostly encrypted; but heavy in 
volume. It wasn't exactly like operation Overlord of World War II vein, 
the enemy knew we were coming.
..but the scope of the operation they couldn't have guessed, since a 
total of seven dimensional portals would be assaulted at the same time 
with over seventy-five percent of the entire combined Alliance Fleet, 
totaling to about 1500 Fleet Battle Groups. The number of support 
vessels, starfighters, mecha, special support, and the like had to 
equal ten times the number of Fleet Groups. 

..and then there was the ace in the hole.

..this my last thoughts to Tenchi via subspace comm, as the code signal 
to invade began to be broadcast; and with that, five minutes later, 
over a million warships leapt upon their objectives in seven sectors..

And me with my own agenda to finish.

This was it, it was now all or nothing.

(End Part Thirty-Seven)
