THE GODDESS SWORD SAGA
By: Matt Taylor

Disclaimer: The characters below are the property of AIC/pioneer, I receive 
no money for this and am doing it for my own amusement.

************

CHAPTER 2: A day at the Movies.

"Stupid Mihoshi." Washu said under her breath. She came up from under the 
machine she was working on, to get a new tool. "Stupid defense system can't 
even stop her...grumble..." Washu had high hopes for today. Her daughter 
Minagi was coming to visit, and she had hoped for a day without trouble. But 
she forgot about the random Mihoshi factor. She had wondered into the lab and 
started messing around with the Tachyon transitional engine, ending up with 
the machine blowing up. Washu had spent many a long night working on this 
machine, and was quite proud of herself when finished, but it only took 
Mihoshi many long nano-seconds to destroy it. 

Washu put the thought away and returned to under the machine. She had already 
taken the time to check on the rest of the lab, it was mainly undamaged, but 
much of the alarm klaxons had been disabled around the main lab, more work. 
Washu sighed to herself and tried to concentrate on work, unaware that 
someone was walking towards the main lab right now.

*************

"Wow! This looks great Sasami." Said Mihoshi as she and Minagi sat down. A 
delicios lunch was laid out in front of them. Across from them as Ryoko and 
Sasami, with Ryo-ohki munching on a carrot. 

"Oh thanks Mihoshi!" Said the young princess. Ryoko picked some food up from 
the table, feeling her old appetite start to return, She had not been very 
hungry this morning, after that odd dream, and the weird chill she got when 
waking up. Even now she wasn't as hungry as usual, but this was a sign that 
she was getting a bit of her old self back. Minagi piled up some food as 
well, and continued to follow in her sister's footsteps. Mihoshi put a load 
of food in her mouth, and began to chew. Sasami watched everyone eat her food 
with a smile. After breakfast was virtually left uneaten, she felt good 
seeing her hard work appreciated.

"Mmmpphh Hhurgas yugs..." Everyone turned to see Mihoshi trying to speak 
around the glob of food in her mouth.

"Kid, swallow before you try to speak." Said Ryoko. Mihoshi looks confused 
for a minute, but then blushed. She swallowed then spoke.

"I was saying, do you guys want to go do something today?" She said.

"Sure! What?" Sasami asked.

"Well......What do you guys want to do?"

"Well, there's a new movie playing. I think its called "Sunbeams through a 
window." Said Sasami. "It's this real romantic thing about a man and a woman 
who meet in Paris, and have to share a room in a hotel, and end up falling in 
love."

"That sounds so romantic." Said Minagi.

"That sounds so cheesy." Said Ryoko.

"Well what do you want to do Ryoko?" Minagi asked.

"I was just gonna hang around here today."

"Well, we'll vote." Said Sasami. "All those in favor of going to see the 
movie, raise your hands." Sasami, Mihoshi, and Minagi rose their hands. "All 
those for hanging around here, raise your hands." Ryoko looked around the 
room, realizing she was the only person left. She sighed.

"Okay, kiddo. We'll go see your movie." Ryoko said in defeat.

"Hurray! I'll go get my money." Mihoshi said, running from the table. Sasami 
smiled and followed suit. Minagi looks over at her sister, and smiled 
slightly.

"You really gonna come and see it with us?"

"Sure, why not? Tenchi's not here, so it's not like I have anything else to 
do. Plus, if this movie is really as romantic as the kid says...well, I can 
always re-enact some things with Tenchi." Ryoko gave her sister a feral grin, 
which she returned.

"You're so dirty sometimes Ryoko."

"Wait till you get a boyfriend, and then we'll see what you think about my 
methods."

*************

"Look the kid is old enough to see the damn movie!" Ryoko said to the theater 
manager. The manager, a young man in his early twenties, looked up at the 
imposing woman, a drop of sweat starting on his forehead, an equally imposing 
woman, with the same cyan hair stepped besides the first. Ryoko had her hand 
on Sasami's head, who had a slightly smug smile on her face. No one dared 
screw with her when Ryoko was around.

"I'm sorry ma'am, but she doesn't look old enough."

"Look pal. We're going to see that movie, you can either let us through, or 
we'll walk in over your bloody carcass." Ryoko said, her grin showing off her 
fangs. The manager saw them and the sweat started to pour off of him.

"Miss, we do have rules here." He said, still trying to get them to see his 
way. Ryoko's eyes suddenly went from gold to glowing red, and the manager 
backed away.

"P...p...please...enjoy your film." He said, motioning them to the door to 
the theater.

"That's better."

"Hey guys! I got the snacks." Mihoshi came from behind them, holding an 
avalanche of popcorn, candy and soda in her arms. Minagi took a few bags of 
popcorn, and some soda, Ryoko the same, Sasami took some candy, and orange 
soda, Mihoshi still had a disaster waiting to happen in her arms, but it 
wasn't as large as before. They made their way to four seats, and sat down.

"Mihoshi put some popcorn in her mouth, and watched the previews.

"I love previews." Sasami said, from her seat, eating some Sailor Moon fruit 
chews as she did so.

"Hey, you think we should have invited mom?" Minagi asked.

"Washu? Pheh! She's probably hunched over some plan in her lab right now. 
Believe me she doesn't even know we're gone."

*************

"Hello?" Washu asked the darkness. Washu got out of the machine she was 
fixing. She could have sworn she heard something. She looked around and 
didn't see anything, but that didn't mean anything. Her klaxons were damaged, 
so it was unlikely she could count on them to tell her if there was an 
intruder. She had assumed the intruder alert from earlier in the day had just 
been Mihoshi, but now she wondered.

"If someone's out there, show yourself?" She said. There was no response. For 
some reason that didn't make her feel any better. She twirled around and 
thought she saw something move. Washu felt fear come through her. She sent 
out her mind and started searching for Ryoko or Minagi. She hated having to 
rely on her daughters for defense, but her lab's defenses where down, and 
Tenchi wasn't here.

"Damn." She said to herself. She was alone in the house. The girls had 
apparently left, and she was now alone for awhile. Washu suddenly made a 
beeline for the door. She reached it, and pulled, but the door wouldn't budge.

"What is wrong with this thing!?" She said.

"Nothing really. I just thought we needed some privacy." Washu turned in 
shock and saw a shadowed figure behind her. From what she could see, the 
figure was dressed in black, and yellow Jurian robes, but his face was 
covered in the darkness.

"Who are you?"

"An old friend. I need your...help Washu. I know you've seen much of the 
universe in your days, haven't you?"

"I've.....been around."

I know. I know quite a bit about you. Tell me...have you ever heard of a 
planet called White-Atragym?"

Washu's eyes rose in shock, and stayed that way. "So that's what you want? 
Why?"

"Oh all the usual reasons, ultimate power, and all that. You know how it is."

"Who are you?" For some reason, his voice gives her the chills, 
it's...familiar. He finally steps from the shadows, and Washu feels her body 
chill in shock.

"Y...you."

"Me. Come along now, Washu, just help me. Help me and I won't have to hurt 
you or your friends."

"I...I can't let you get it! It's too dangerous, especially in your hands."

"I was afraid you'd think that." All of a sudden Washu felt an horrible 
electric charge go through her, and she fell to the ground. She looked up and 
saw a yellow energy shield around her.

"I'm sorry, it has to be this way." He said, in a voice that clearly said 
that he wasn't sorry at all. The man walked over to the console and pressed a 
few buttons.

"What are you doing!?" Washu screamed from the field.

"Preparing a little something." He pressed several more buttons, and then 
stepped away. "Let's leave now, shall we? I'm sure I'll get the answer out of 
you eventually. I have the usual assortment, you know, racks, fire beams, 
truth serums, the normal torture devices. Even if you don't tell me where it 
is, it'll still be an entertaining time." With an evil grin, he snapped his 
fingers, and they both disappeared into thin air.

*************

"Oh...oh...oh...this movie is so romantic!" Said Mihoshi's wailing voice, as 
she watched the couple on the screen. Ryoko sighed. It was romantic, that's 
for sure, but nothing she could try out on Tenchi. What was it with these 
Parisians? All they do is stand there and stare into each other's eyes.

"Come on already! Get to the steamy stuff!" Ryoko yelled at the screen. The 
other three looked at her in surprise. Sasami started giggling a bit, Minagi 
sighed in desperation, and Mihoshi looked confused for a moment, before 
realizing what she meant and giggling a bit, herself. 

"Oh. I get it." Mihoshi said, before returning to watching the movie.

"Be patient Ryoko." Sasami said, smiling.

"Patience doesn't work for me, Kid." Ryoko said, rubbing the little girl's 
head, affectionately.  Ryoko returned to the screen and saw the rest of the 
audience was now staring at them. "....Sorry." She said sheepishly.

"<<Don't worry sis. According to the critics, the sex scenes in this movie, 
are to die for.>>" Minagi spoke through their telepathic link.

"<> She responded.

"<<Is that all you think about?>>

"<<Mainly.>>"

"<<Uhh! You're impossible.>>"

"<<Comes with experience.>>" Ryoko thought at her sister, throwing an 
imaginary grin along with it.

"<<Watch it.>>" She said, mock threateningly. All eyes returned to the screen 
as the couple on it, started to kiss passionately.

"'Bout time." Ryoko whispered. As the couple on the screen started to move 
towards the bedroom, Mihoshi reached over and put her hands over Sasami's 
eyes.

"Mihoshi! I've seen a sex scene before." Said Sasami. Mihoshi blushed and put 
her hands down. Ryoko rolled her eyes, as she watched it.

"Hey the kids pretty mature. She can take anything. Right Sasami?"

"Right Ryoko!" She responded, with a large smile.

"Oh my." Came Minagi's voice. She was using her flattened popcorn bag to fan 
herself. The three others looked up and saw why. The couple on screen had now 
stripped down and where in the middle of an impassioned session of 
lovemaking. Ryoko smiled as images of Tenchi entered her mind. This movie 
could be very...informative.

"Wow." Came Mihoshi's voice as she stared in awe at the screen. "Wouldn't 
that hurt?"

"Not really. Comes with experience." Said Ryoko.

"Come on Ryoko." Said Minagi with a small laugh. "We all know you've never 
been with a man." Ryoko jerked up in her seat, as Sasami and Mihoshi looked 
over at her.

"You mean you're still a...." Mihoshi trailed off.

"We'll...talk...about...it...later." Ryoko said, making she they all heard 
her every word.

"But you always seemed so..."

"What did I say?" Ryoko looked forcefully in the detective's direction.

"Okay." Mihoshi said, turning in her seat, back to the screen. Ryoko turned 
to her sister and threw her, her best "KILL!" look at her. Minagi settled 
down deep in her seat, and avoided the gaze.

*************

Ryoko continued to grumble to herself as they walked along the path back to 
the Masaki home. There was no way to put into words how much her sister had 
embarrassed her. It's true that she was still a virgin, but she enjoyed 
making everyone believe that she was more experienced than anyone else. 
Mihoshi, Sasami, and Minagi where walking in front of her, chatting about 
something. Mihoshi looked back at her, and fell back a bit.

"Hi Ryoko."

"Hhmm." Was the pirate's only response.

"I'm sorry if we embarrassed you at the theater." She said, her hands behind 
her back in an embarrassed gesture. "If it makes you feel any better, I 
haven't been with a man yet either." Ryoko had to admit to a little surprise 
there. With Mihoshi's intelligence, or lack there of, she had always assumed 
that she would be an easy catch for most men, maybe she was wrong.

"It's just that everybody always thought that you'd..." Mihoshi was cut off 
by Ryoko's waving hand.

"Thanks kid, but I really don't want to talk about it right now." She said.

"Oh, okay Ryoko." Mihoshi said, a smile returning to her face. Ryoko sighed 
and looked at her watch. Tenchi should be home by now. That would raise her 
spirits.

*************

"Damn." Ryoko said to no one in particular. They had come home and found a 
note from Tenchi, saying he was spending the night with some friends. 'Since 
when did he have friends outside this house?' The ex-pirate thought to 
herself. She shook her head and went to the living room, finding Mihoshi, 
Sasami and Minagi there, watching a soap opera. She breathed a sigh of relief 
that Ayeka was still out. For the moment at least, she just wanted to veg for 
a bit, and put the embarrassment at the theater behind her. She saw what they 
where watching on TV, and remembered how her favorite soap always cheered her 
up.

"I can't believe Daniel would be so cold hearted to Monica." Came Mihoshi's 
weeping voice.

"Well, you know that Daniel's father was a mafia kingpin, and raised his son 
to think accordingly, Daniel only recently found his long lost mother in that 
Tibetan monastery, so he probably hasn't had time to try to think her way 
yet." Said Minagi, nonchalantly.

"If I where Monica I'd knock his block off." Said Ryoko. Minagi considered 
explaining Monica's pacifist nature to her sister, but decided against it. 
The foursome sat in silence, watching the show until the end. Ryoko got up 
off the couch and stretched.

"I love that show, don't you Minagi?" Asked Mihoshi.

"Yeah."

"Hhmm." Ryoko looked up at the clock, and noticed the time. Washu's favorite 
show was coming on soon. Some sci-fi deal called "Astro-Fortress." She sighed 
and got up.

"I'm gonna go check on mom. Her favorite show is coming up."

"Oh right! I'll change the channel." Minagi said. Ryoko walked to the closet 
door, and opened it up, revealing the doorway to Washu's lab. Ryoko walked up 
to the main lab section, and noticed something odd. Washu was nowhere to be 
seen. Ryoko walked up and saw an unfinished invention on the workbench. Now 
she had to admit to being worried. Washu never left an invention unfinished. 
Ryoko concentrated and sent her mind out, looking for her link with her 
mother. She could feel it, but it was so week.

"<<Minagi.>>" She sent out.

"<<Yeah sis?>>"

"<<Get down here. Bring the others.>>" Ryoko thought back.

"<<Why?>>"

"<<Mom's disappeared.>>"

*************

"Nothing." Minagi said to the rest of the group. She, Ryoko, Sasami, and 
Mihoshi had spent the better part of two hours, scouring Washu's usual parts 
of the lab for her whereabouts. Ryoko and Minagi had both tried their psychic 
links with their mother, but both where too weak to get through.

"What are we gonna do?" Sasami asked.

"I don't know. Throw a party?" Ryoko said.

"Ryoko! She's our mother!" Said Minagi, from her side of the lab.

"Right right." Ryoko said. Mihoshi walked up to the main computer, and 
started fiddling with some buttons. Several sparks flew from the machine, and 
she jumped back in fright.

"What did you do?" Came Ryoko's voice, as she trudged up behind the woman. On 
the screen of the main computer, snow flashed across it, but it eventually 
settled into a set of numbers. "Hey...what are those?"

"I don't know." Said Mihoshi, as Sasami and Minagi ran up behind them. "It 
looks like a set of coordinates."

"It is." Minagi said. As she did so, a small box appeared at the bottom of 
the screen. A message flashed across it.

"If you want the scientist back, come to these coordinates." Minagi said, 
repeating the message. "Whoah, can you say "trap?" Whoever wrote this needs 
to come up with some more original ideas."

"It's a trap, obviously, but what are we going to do?"

"Well, I suppose we're gonna have to go after her." Minagi said.

"Have fun." Ryoko said, as she walked to the door.

"Ryoko?! We can't let mom stay out there. Even if it is a trap, it's the only 
lead we have. She's your mother too..."

"Mother!? What's Washu done for me that would make her my mother?! All she 
did was give birth to me, but she hasn't done anything to say she's my 
mother." Ryoko stormed out in a huff. Minagi looked shocked. She knew that 
the relationship there was never prosperous, but she never expected this!

*************

Ryoko sat down on the roof, and felt her gaze drift outwards. What had Washu 
ever done to deserve the title of her mother? Try to steal the man she loved? 
Hooked her up to hundreds of different machines? Ryoko laid back, and felt 
the evening sun drift in the distance. She knew that downstairs they where 
already preparing to go after her.

"Washu is my mother in name only." She said to herself. "I don't care what 
happens to her. She doesn't deserve to have me as a daughter. She hasn't done 
anything to show she is my mother." Ryoko repeated this mantra to herself 
several times, hoping it would drive awat the guilt rising in her. She could 
imagine Sasami's face right now, probably vrying her eyes out, because Washu 
was gone, and Ryoko wasn't going to help them get her back. Mihoshi probably 
doing the same, with Minagi trying tog et everything ready.

Ryoko looked down at her feet, and felt guilt go through her. Damn! Why did 
she have to get like this now?! She should be happy that Washu was gone. She 
looked up at the disappearing sun, and felt the guilt rise higher.

"Shit." She said to herself. Ryoko stood up then, looking out at the sunset, 
she spoke.

"Mom. Hold on."

*************

"I can't believe Ryoko did that!" Said Minagi, as she paced around the 
kitchen. "I know her relationship with Mom was strained, but this..." They 
all turned as someone trudged down from the attic. Ryoko stood there, with a 
bag of clothes over her shoulder.

"Ryoko..." Sasami said, unsure if she should finish the question.

"Well, what are we all standing around here for?" She said with a smile. "We 
got a nut-bag scientist to save."

TO BE CONTINUED. 