(Part Twenty-Nine: Spring Parchment)

The time past from the holidays have been quite.. quiet.
Shortly after Christmas; Azusa, with his wives and most of the children 
from the Lent`it`tos were transported along with the Treeship Azusa; 
accompanied by my father's ship Terr`iah; leaving only Misu, Yoko, and 
Ibuka. Hikara also decided to stay, wanting to be around me more.
Bruinuae was torn away from Nen, whom was also torn away from both 
Bruinuae and Sasami; by their duties.. Kagato is still Kagato, out and 
about in the Universe.

Also asked to stay by Yosho of all people, Hidem and Arashi. And from 
what I garnered, it sounded like the beginning of similar training that 
Tenchi and I had experienced. We were asked to attend of course more in 
the vein of instructor aides of the sort.
We both dutifully obliged of course..
More along the point, the gang engaged in the normal stuff; among which 
I won't detail too much into the New Year's party.. I still get 
headaches from all that..

Most of the winter following was quite quiet, as much as the Misaki 
household ever IS quiet. Most of the activity was centered around 
normal duties, Shrine training, and the usual fair of somehow surviving 
Mihoshi's reentry's..
There was also many a delicacy to be had at the hands of the team of 
Sasami and Achika.. I'm getting fat just reading this.
All in all, a somewhat boring span of time. 

This of course changed with the arrival of Spring.
I would come home with Sasami and Achika from time to time helping with 
groceries, with the resplendence of  Spring's glory.
All over would be the trees filled with cherry blossoms, the air warm 
and inviting for the altitude.
Also to be greeted was a warm and loving kiss from my beloved, this 
along the many treats of being part of a loving home.
But there was another reason for the change in the air.

As I've mentioned before in this journal, the family is about to have 
another blessed union. I know it might be a bit strange, but it IS the 
Juraian way to do so, and I've heard of far worse traditions to partake 
in.
Tenchi mated with not only Ryoko, but Ayeka and Mihoshi as well. An 
arrangement set up by the cunning matchmakers: Funaho and Misaki.
It was only a couple of months since when they both were here last, but 
with them came the weirdest of events.. 
The Mating Cycle of Jol`kar..

It all started inconspicuously on one of those quiet days coming from 
the mart with this time Nobuyuki (he lost a bet. don't ask..), when I 
encountered a teal tressed bearhug, yep.. wonderful Misaki.
It was after that and a copycat hug by Tsunami that left me searching 
my brain cells for damage, that I found Tenchi discussing with Funaho.. 
and I didn't see ANY of the other girls in sight.
After Tsunami helped me put away the groceries, I was about to find out 
what the hubbub was all about; when I heard a deep thud from outside.
Tsui and I rushed to the living room, to find Tenchi had passed out on 
the floor.

I was stammering to what was going on, when Funaho simply told Tsunami 
to excuse herself to the Shrine Gardens..
Taken aback, I was trying to stammer out questions when Tsui simply 
phased away. Leaving only me, an unconscious Tenchi, Funaho, and soon 
after Misaki. Even Nobuyuki was shooed away when he tried to get 
involved.
Then I got the lowdown, after a customary cup of tea of course, already 
present; which also gave Tenchi time to awaken.
The story I got was one to give ANYONE pause.

First off, Funaho and Misaki were acting as, as they put it: "Royal 
Caretakers of the Mating Cycle of Jol`kar". My blank response was 
expected.
Apparently, Jol`kar was a Juraian seer of sorts, one that was 
responsible in the times of Foundation to create the set of rules of 
etiquette necessary to legally meet criteria for a proper Juraian 
marriage.
THAT got my attention, I also learned of what this 'law' of sorts was 
about to concern Tenchi.
Misaki and Funaho are no fools, they noticed throughout the entire 
search for the planet Sentai; that Tenchi was quite equally fawned over 
by Ryoko, Ayeka and Mihoshi, I had to admit noticing as much over the 
course of time.
And I also interjected to Tenchi's embarrassment, that Tenchi was 
growing more and more 'comfortable'.

Tenchi then grew more defensive about all this, but was given a 
question by Funaho that apparently been spoken before. Would he be sad 
if they all were taken away, the next look on Tenchi's face said it 
all.
After Tenchi finally relented his inner truth, the topic shifted to the 
particulars of the 'cycle'
It was to be a month from the day that this meeting was to take place, 
that the marriage ceremony would take place. 
The catch was, there was to me NO contact with ANY of the girls, for 
one whole month. Not even Sasami, Washu or Kiyone. That way, no 
'messages' would be relayed via blood or partner; hence no upstaging or 
breaking with the Cycle law.
While I was uncertain what this was supposed to accomplish, Tenchi was 
acting like a weight was lifted from his shoulders. Funaho then 
informed that a 'guard' of sorts was to be placed over him, to ensure 
that Tenchi complied with the law.

For SOME reason, I wasn't all too surprised that I was named 'guardian' 
for the month of Jol`kar. I was then told to use what resources at my 
disposal to ensure that the law was abided. What I DIDN'T like was that 
I was to forgo my own beloved for the same time allotted, not to have 
Tsunami used as a communication channel. It was also meant to be a role 
model case to Tenchi of one WITH a mate to show restrain in the time 
frame.
It was then set down in no less certain words, that if either of us 
broke the rules, the marriage would be judged as unworthy. That kinda 
got me and Tenchi scared alright, more because I wasn't certain Tsunami 
would stay away from me for that long.
Funaho insisted that Tsui would follow the laws, since she helped set 
them. Heck, Tsui and I had accidentally met the same criteria when she 
and I were separated after the Mulhorand battle, go figure.

With that, we were both made to perform a oath of acknowledging and 
accepting the rules of Jol`kar.
After we did, we were then suggested to 'get outta Dodge', and they 
both left suddenly.
Tenchi and I were left to decide a course of action, FAST.
I knew the Sele`nta was docked in Washu's lab hanger bays, and we both 
decided to pack light.
Half an hour later, we were orbiting the Earth from above; and a whole 
month to kill.

I won't ask how.. but the navigational core of the tree memory held 
data for at least thirty major planets from all around the Galactic 
Union, I guess this was a hint of sorts; and Tenchi suggested on 
particular world about ten light years from Jurai Prime.
We also found a mysterious set of backpacks filled with everything we 
needed to survive a trip of this nature. Talk about a strange way to 
start a forced field trip.
After finding out all the details from the computers, we were about to 
jump off, when a hologram picture of Achika popped up in front of the 
control dais.
Her recording only mentioned that the ship had been programmed with 
several historical sites, as well as a couple of 'interesting' spots to 
have fun with. Also included was to be careful and to not stick our 
'honoristic' noses into every pirate raid or battle zone we came 
across, we were tourists, not Knights in shining armor, or else was the 
tone.
With that, Tenchi had me pilot the Sele`nta out of the Preserve system; 
our destination random.

Now.. first off, we both had already been set for life as Royal 
dignitaries of Jurai, so that wasn't a problem. Second, thanks to the 
power of Jurai, the comprehension of alien dialects was not a concern, 
so as long as we were discreet with our use of power. There aren't a 
lot of people that have natural affinity in use of the Jurai power, 
we'd be noticed too easily if we were careless.
Beyond that, the sky was the limit, as Tenchi and I were exposed to the 
wonders of the Galaxy.

Alpha Xeo, Zintoh, Colshar, Uital, Minars, Dolar Prime, these and many 
more worlds met our awe as we decided to follow the itinerary suggested 
by the 'tour' program outlined by the computer conveniently. Course we 
had to deviate from the program at places, can't go to only ruins and 
museums you know.
One of these 'deviations' ended us at an.. 'interesting' alien 
nightclub, outside of the local starport on the Planet Kraylen, mostly 
out of curiosity.
After we found out the 'type' of place that this was (the idea of 
scantily clad works on any species I guess..), we made for the exit, 
only caused us to be separated as Tenchi and I were yanked by separate 
'attendants'.

In the middle of trying to squirm our way out politely; respectfully of 
course; Tenchi was corralled by a pair of purplish skinned brutes, whom 
had no sense of hygiene we were used to; and about to pummeled for no 
real reason.
I asked diplomatically of course to hope a peaceful settlement of the 
situation.
Apparently they didn't have much in the way diplomacy, under ANY 
standards; when I got blindsided with an elbow.
We both ended up recuperating in a GP ground station after the barroom 
scale brawl, under two hours watch; and we both decided that we'd NOT 
do anymore bars for the remainder of the trip.

Another trip entailed the planet Uital, a Juraian world. I remark 
because of the sheer beauty of the world. 
It was there that we learned that Jurai Prime didn't hold the monopoly 
over spacetrees.
While most of the planet semi mimicked Jurai itself in the number of 
regular trees, there were also a great deal of buildings, much more 
advanced looking than the ones seen on Jurai, complete with massive 
Superscrapers that hugged the sky itself.
Added to the scenery was the residential palace; one that held most of 
the Trees for this particular world, built into and meshed with many 
types of ceramic and marble, it was a sight to behold. We had a 
customary tour guide that showed us the major areas, as well as the 
central tree itself. MAN, what a large Tree.

Yet another highlight happened to occur in the Fungesian Empire, 
despite the problems at the gate shield border. (Yeck.. two days.. at 
least Tenchi got his fill in beating me at holo-chess.)
The planet: Otalz  D. A planet made of a single large Gem, a focal 
point for the Fungesian teleport system; and I DO mean a single 
oversized Gem, though not capable of being controlled in the manner 
like Ryoko does. Buildings, fluid sources, natural structures, even the 
fauna were Gemmed in nature.
We learned that this world held many mysteries, such as the fact that 
Otalz didn't have the core material necessary to hold gravity, or even 
an atmosphere; they just were there. This among other things only made 
Tenchi and I scratch our heads.

We also found our time occupied in finding Tenchi proper wedding rings, 
which also was precipitated with growing desire to be with his more and 
more realized beloveds. The planet that finally held what Tenchi sought 
was a name unpronounceable, we only called it Planet L after the first 
letter.
All the while along looking at several jewelry arcades in the planet's 
skycities, I found myself sort of being interrogated by Tenchi about 
married life; I eventually quizzed about if Tenchi was.. homesick.. 
about his mates. Tenchi actually responded by admitting he was becoming 
comfortable with the concept,  especially since my displays with 
Tsunami at the morning table, along with the renewed relationship 
between his Mom and Dad; having even more of an effect than anyone 
would have suspected, not so much as I, I suppose.
We ended up finding a simple arcade that somehow resembled the shoppe 
that I had purchased Tsui's own Engagement and Wedding rings, I don't 
know why, but it just did, d‚j… vu I suppose.

Inside we found, many rings; but it took Tenchi all of about five 
seconds to spot the section of rings he wanted.
*whistle* ..dang, talk about going all out; the whole purchase ended 
costing around 150,000 Juraian credits. 
Ryoko's ring was a large diamond with cyan gemstones around it, Ayeka's 
ended up being a decent sized flat diamond with Amethyst gems running 
both sides of the band, and Mihoshi's ended up a 'flame' shaped diamond 
with Agate gemstones circling it.
I took the chance to bargain out a sweet teal-diamond jewelry set, hey, 
I had dough to burn too.

By the time all this was done, three of the four weeks had past. We 
were hit with an unexpected trip, one thanks to Tokimi.. the little 
goddess of chaos hit us with a wormhole; while teasing us in her own 
voice, and sending us to a dead and black place. And I do mean DEAD.
After ten minutes of trying to get answers from the ever elusive 
goddess; whom had 'stranded' us there; we simply tried to guess our 
position.
After another three hours, we gave up trying; whatever the reason was 
for this, we had to wait.
Another three hours later, we found out why.

I was in the middle of learning about the conduit energy flow system 
for the Sele`nta, when a shout from Tenchi diverted my attention.
I looked at a small dim point of light, one I wondered why we'd missed, 
and paid for not thinking fast enough, for a massive burst of light 
blinded everything for a few short moments; just before the tint 
screens kicked in.
Before our eyes happened to be.. Genesis.
Tokimi's voice struck at us again, serenely like honey, informing us of 
that we were witnessing an actual Universe being born.

For the rest of the 'day', we watched as the infant plasma coalesced 
all around us, and can only guess that the Sele`nta was being protected 
somehow, as the obviously immense temperatures and pressures passed us 
by in the creation wave.
In the middle of this, I inferred to Tenchi, that this may be a sign. 
Tenchi then strangely suggested that this new universe may one day have 
versions of the two of us, and of our family; ones with stories to tell 
of just as glorious.
I only shrugged, and went off to bed soon after. Tenchi decided to 
sleep at the viewport, I chose a 'room' off the port side.
I, in the middle of the 'night' felt something. form.. one that felt 
like.. a version of the Jurai power. I couldn't sleep much through the 
rest of the 'night' after that.

We were returned to our own universe the next 'day', only to find it 
was only a day before we were to return to the residence. So.. we 
hauled our collective keisters back to Earth, a good deal less reserved 
than before we left.
As we were about to hit the Sol System, we were intercepted by a GP 
courier vessel; with a message for us to detour to the GP station in 
Sector 190-D.
We headed the Sele`nta to the coordinates, and found ourselves being 
shuffled to the Grand Marshal's quarters soon after docking.
Tenchi got the picture before I did, since I never did get one anyway. 
We entered a bachelor party thrown by of all people Azusa, with the 
Marshal, Nen, Nobuyuki, Yosho, and Father attending. And I thought the 
New Year's party was a blast.

We left the next day, escorted by the Azusa and Core Fleet alone this 
time, as we made a beeline to Earth.
The interesting part apparently, was a formal pre-ceremony prior to the 
wedding, overseen by Azusa in stead of acting as the other half for 
Misaki and Funaho. 
We attested to not having any contact with anyone in the family, other 
than the initial hologram, and the 'event' Tokimi plopped onto us. This 
of course wasn't constituted as a violation, since we never 'saw' 
Tokimi; as well as the fact goddesses did things mortals just don't 
usually comprehend.
After the ceremony, Tenchi was given a Royal dictate to affirm the 
legality of the Cycle.

Tenchi thereafter dressed in a simple yet formal Juraian attire with 
circlet sash and Tenchiken` clasped to his belt sash. I took the 
GP/Jurai hybrid uniform that I liked, and we both were 'escorted' by 
Azusa to the Misaki residence via teleport beam.
We planted down near the lakeside, and found the air a good bit warmer 
than we left it. 
After a bit of looking around, (Tenchi more than I..) we were ushered 
past the house, up towards the Shrine Gardens.
What we met with was wholly unexpected, and beautiful. 

Ryoko, Ayeka, and Mihoshi were all resplendent in Oriental style 
wedding gowns, with their manes drooped and hung long behind their 
shoulders, also sporting ponytails. 
The rest: Misaki, Funaho, Tsunami, Sasami, Kiyone, Hikara, Hidem and 
Arashi, Nobuyuki and Achika, even Mom and Dad were back(ahead of me as 
usual); all well dressed for this occasion.
Yosho then walked past us, and assumed the role of witness of Jol`kar; 
and he then summoned Tenchi to take the place at the center of a 
circle, which after entering was enclosed on three sides by Ayeka, 
Mihoshi and Ayeka in turn, flanked by Washu, the Marshal, and Misaki in 
turn; Funaho flanked Yosho as an overseer.

The ceremony was pretty simple, as Tenchi was only required to take the 
three well crafted sake` cups, take the pourings from Yosho, and hand 
them in turn to his betrothed's. He then said a simple shrine prayer to 
Kami, and then waited as the three brides took three sips, turning the 
cups with each sip. After this, they handed the cups to their 
attendants, and a new fourth cup presented. 
This one even more crafted, and handed in turn from Ryoko, to Ayeka, 
and Mihoshi, each pouring a small vial of sake` which they dropped a 
tiny blossom leaf into; it was then handed to Yosho, as he asked Tenchi 
if he wished to take this cup, signifying his wish to mate.
Tenchi did so, and sipped three times; turning the cup with each, and 
handing the cup back to Yosho.

With that, Funaho then produced a document of Juraian nature, a 
Marriage document that sealed the union in the legal Jurai way.
Tenchi.. was a married man.
Gods help him.
Or gods help Ryoko, Ayeka, and Mihoshi, for the kisses he gave in order 
were quite impressive.

From there, the party then moved to the house, as a full blown bash was 
soon underway.
But Tsunami and I didn't make it till much later.
After the ceremony, she and I discreetly retreated to a private area 
DEEP in the woods, and we released upon each other a month's worth of 
pent up 'frustration'
We came home a few hours later, to celebrate with the newlyweds; but 
found ourselves more interested in taking this upstairs after an hour.
Course, we weren't the only ones..

Ahh.. it's good to be home..

(End Part Twenty-Nine) 
