	Hello faithful readers. I just need to remind you that I don't own 
Tenchi Muyo or Dune. You may also want to know beforehand exactly what a 
khen match is. (Loose interpretation for fic purposes) In the Dune 
world, when a noble chooses a bride or is arranged a marriage a fellow 
noble who feels the suitor unworthy may challenge the marriage and claim 
the bride as his own by calling "khen". To call khen is to challenge the 
suitor to a duel to the death that uses the trademark melee fighting 
technique of a noble family. This is an ancient practice and has since 
fallen out of favor in the eyes of the aristocracy in exchange for using 
the courts and other such legal proceedings. Now that you know the back 
story, on to the front story of 
Gold & Silver
Part 4: Intrusion Upon Bliss

	Sasami had served breakfast that morning with a sense of worry 
that Saturday morning. Mihoshi had yet to return from her night with 
Archduke Milodon. The young princess could only imagine what might have 
happened to her friend that had prevented her from coming home. What 
concerned her most was the lack of worry that the others were showing. 
Ayeka was under the impression that Mihoshi had left under Galaxy Police 
business. Ryoko believed the blonde had gotten lost out in the woods and 
would eventually wander back to the house. Washu couldn't even be 
reached to be asked. Only Tenchi had any idea what was going on. 
	"I'm not sure where Mihoshi is at, Sasami." He had said. "She was 
getting along pretty well with Archduke Milodon. I know he had a house 
set up in the woods just north of Funaho's lake. I suppose he might know 
something about where she is."
	So that was where the small princess was at this moment, standing 
outside of the small cottage that Trinth was calling home on Earth. With 
a moderate amount of trepidation, Sasami knocked on the cottage door. 
Fairly quickly, she received a response in the form of Archduke Milodon 
opening the door.
	"Well, hello Dearheart." he said warmly. "Come right in. I was 
just preparing breakfast." 
	"Is Mihoshi here?" She asked quickly. 
	"As a matter of fact, yes." Trinth replied casually. "She spent 
the night here. At the moment, she is asleep in my bed upstairs. Don't 
you worry about a thing. I spent the night on the couch. I have the sore 
back to prove it. So will you join us for breakfast?"
	The blue-haired girl stepped through the door and into the house 
at the knight's urging. His appearance had actually been somewhat 
comical. Only Trinth could wear both dagger sheaths and an apron. The 
knight rushed into the kitchen leaving Sasami to inspect the home of the 
knight. She did like what she was seeing. The living room was simply 
furnished in a variety of soft blues and grays with a plush leather 
couch and an easy chair. A large fireplace that was surrounded by an 
ornate wooden and silver inlaid framework dominated the room. Above the 
fireplace was a tremendous silver plaque featuring a falcon with its 
wings extended perched upon a stylized "M".  Upon the mantle were 
numerous artifacts from Trinth's life. Pictures of the knight with 
different dignitaries and heroes, relics and weapons from civilizations 
both recent and long extinct littered the mantle. Most prominent was a 
picture of Trinth and a woman who looked quite a bit like him. She had 
the same hair, eyes and wore the same color clothing, except instead of 
Trinth's tunic, breeches and cape, she wore a white skirt, dark blue 
bodice and black shawl about her shoulders. Most intriguing was the 
necklace she wore. It was a simple silver chain with a sapphire pendant 
that was shaped exactly like the "M" on the plaque above the fireplace. 
The picture had an extremely fancy signature in the corner that was 
difficult to read. It even looked to be written in the Calab language.
	"Trinth," She called into the kitchen, "who's this in the picture 
with you on the mantle?" To her surprise, Trinth leapt over the 
countertop that separated the kitchen from the living room and snatched 
the picture off of the mantle. 
	"That is no one to be concerned with. Just a woman, no one of 
consequence, Dearheart." He said sternly. He rushed back to the kitchen 
and locked the picture away in a cabinet. He then walked back into the 
living room and spoke to her in a much more cheerful voice. "Dearheart, 
I'm going to go wake Mihoshi. I wouldn't want to impose upon you, but do 
you think you could set the table?" 
	"No problem." She said slowly, still in shock over the incident 
over the picture. 
	"Thank you kindly." The knight spoke as he removed the apron and 
walked up the stairs. He came to his room and slowly opened the door.  
The morning sun beaming through the bay windows opposite his bed lighted 
the knight's chambers. The rays of light reached from the windows to 
lovely maiden sleeping in his bed. Trinth marveled at the sight of the 
fair-haired lady. The sheer white silk sheets were wrapped closely 
around her slumbering form. They glistened in the sunlight, highlighting 
her gorgeous physique, enveloping her in a heavenly glow. Trinth crept 
closer to her and seated himself at the foot of the bed.  He focused his 
gaze upon her face, now neatly framed by her blonde curls. He looked to 
the nightstand where the purple ribbon that had imprisoned those locks 
of gold lay. For the life of him he couldn't understand why she even 
bothered with the thing. He had not seen anyway how she could improve 
upon her vast beauty and yet, with her hair free about her shoulders as 
it was now, that beauty appeared multiplied ten times over ten times. 
Alongside the ribbon was her moonstone brooch. Trinth recalled removing 
the two items as he had placed her in his chambers the last night. He 
still was in awe of her revealing her love for him. He had wanted her 
passionately that night, to demonstrate the depths of his own love for 
her, yet he yielded for the sake of valor. For valor, but not valor 
alone.
	<Perhaps, > the knight thought as he viewed Mihoshi and reflected 
upon last night, <there will be time for us to truly unite as one after 
my work here is done. I have much to accomplish here, much you cannot be 
a part of, much that I must do alone. > "Mihoshi" he called softly to 
her, "Mihoshi, time to wake up." The girl's eyes opened slowly and met 
his own. The blonde gave him a warm, dreamy smile as she awakened. 
	"Trinth. Have you been watching me in my sleep?" she questioned 
playfully. 
	"I freely admit it." The knight said with great bravado. "Might I 
also add that I certainly enjoyed the view?"
	Mihoshi sat up and looked into the archduke's eyes. "Do you think 
next time you can sleep in the bed with me?" She asked with true 
innocence. "It got sort of lonely and cold in the dark." 
	Trinth hesitated. This was a bit much for the Calab. Being asked 
to sleep with a beautiful woman, nothing new there. But being asked for 
such different reasons and not knowing the limits of his self-control 
made it a tad difficult for the knight to answer the request. Apparently 
noticing the noble's apprehension, Mihoshi felt compelled to clarify her 
request.
	"I'm not asking you to do anything you wouldn't want to do. I mean 
I'd like for you to want to do those things with me eventually but if 
you don't want to I understand." She moved closer to him and snuggled 
into his chest. Her voice was almost a whisper now. "It's just I want to 
be close to you day and night." 
	"How can I resist so enchanting a plea?" Trinth said as he wrapped 
his arms around the girl. "M'lady, I do think that next time I will join 
you for the night as well as the day." He put a finger under her chin 
and lifted her face to meet his own. Steadily they started to close the 
gap between each other's lips. Two hearts, yearning to meet at the 
mouth. They were millimeters apart now, he could feel her breath on his 
chin, and soon those two rose petals that were her lips would touch his 
own for the first time in true passion. 
	"Mihoshi! Trinth!" Sasami's voice shouted from the lower floor. 
"Where are you two? Breakfast is getting cold." 
	"Talk about killing the mood." Trinth muttered under his breath. 
Mihoshi giggled at her lover's crestfallen expression. She kissed him 
quickly on the cheek and reached for her ribbon to tie her hair back. 
	"You know Trinth, sometimes you don't have to be romantic about 
love. You just have to be you." She said as she got up and walked out 
the door. Trinth sat for a moment to ponder her words. He shrugged his 
shoulders and sighed, 
	"Women, no matter how hard I try they still manage to confuse me." 
The knight said as he flopped back into the mattress.
	"Trinth!" Sasami yelled from the dining room, "Come on and eat."
	"Coming Dearheart." Trinth shouted hurriedly as he jumped to his 
feet and rushed back down the stairs. <By the Falcon, by the way those 
two can lead me around one would think I was their husband. >
	
	In comparison to the lively scene at the Archduke's abode, the 
mood in the parlor of the Kuramitsu manor was rather grim. The room was 
dimly lit at the request of the dark visitor within, Chancellor Droft 
Cryttibaum, ruler of planet Cyrn. 
	"I can't stand that sun of ours." The Chancellor said in a 
contemptuous tone as he gazed out of the parlor window. "That merciless 
star radiating its unneeded heat upon us. Turning my domain into a 
barren wasteland. Of all the planets in this our most grand empire, 
House Cryttibaum receives this insignificant rock. An injustice, 
wouldn't you agree, Farn?"
	"Yes my liege, although I have found Cyrn has great beauty when 
you search for it." Farn Kuramitsu said in his small voice to his ruler. 
	"What beauty is there in that which has no profit? For survival 
purposes, this planet is far more equipped than Arakis. We have water in 
abundance, enough for agriculture and even pleasure time. Yet fiscally, 
Arakis is more desirable because of that damned narcotic, Spice." Droft 
turned from the window to his host who was seated next to the parlor 
fireplace alongside his wife. "Enough of that ranting, though. It is 
time we got down to the business of your daughter." 
	"Your Excellency, I highly doubt you would be at all interested in 
my daughter. She has no training in the ways of a Chancellor's wife. The 
girl left for the Galaxy Police Academy before she even knew of the 
possibility she could be chosen by you or one of your brothers." Farn 
looked to the numerous pictures festooning the walls and pointed to one 
of his daughter and elder gentleman, both in Galaxy Police uniforms. 
"That was her upon her induction into the force as a detective. She was 
so completely enamored of her grandfather and his work." The Cyrnian 
ruler walked over to inspect the image of the girl. 
	"I've heard of her, a top officer, she is. Albeit one of 
questionable intellect. Excellent body, though." An ominous smirk came 
to Droft's face. "Yes. This girl will be a fine addition to my harem. 
Where is she at this moment?"
	"I'm not sure, Excellency. I believe she could be anywhere." Farn 
said shakily. 
	"Now, now, Kuramitsu. We both know that to be untrue." The 
Chancellor spoke with cynical friendliness. "I wouldn't want to have you 
tried for treason and you very well know the location of your daughter. 
I'd much prefer receiving a wife to giving execution orders."
	Defeated, Farn confessed the coordinates of her location. "My 
daughter is on Earth. I can give you the exact call sign of her ship so 
that you can locate her position precisely." Droft tossed a keypad to 
the worried man. The Cyrnian typed in a few numbers and handed it back 
to Droft. 
	"I hope, for your sake, that this is accurate." The Chancellor 
spoke coldly. "After all, your wife could just as easily fill her 
daughter's position." With a flourish, the despot left the manor to 
board his own ship. Silence filled the parlor in the time after his 
departure. Farn's wife was the first to speak. 
	"Do you honestly think you've done what is best for our daughter?" 
She asked in a hushed voice. 
	"Layla, I cannot refuse the Chancellor." Farn replied. "Even with 
your father's standing in the Empire due to his position in the Galaxy 
Police, we cannot protest the decision of a noble."
	"I do not want Mihoshi to suffer the fate of a Chancellor's wife." 
Layla said mournfully.
	Farn placed his arms around his wife and held her close.
	"Neither do I, Layla. Neither do I."   

	"Wasn't that nice, Mihoshi?" Sasami's high voice inquired as the 
two girls made their way down the path back to the Masaki home.
	"It was great. I had no idea Trinth could cook." Mihoshi replied 
enthusiastically. 
	"He was the one who taught my mommy to cook." The small princess 
said. "He always says that a knight needs to be able to survive on what 
he can make so it pays to be able to make something you can stand to 
eat." Mihoshi smiled back at her friend. The breakfast at Trinth's had 
been a pleasant start to what seemed like it was going to be a grand 
day. How wrong Mihoshi's thoughts on how the day would go were soon 
displayed as a large shadow covered the landscape, blocking the 
brilliant sunlight that had drenched the countryside so recently. The 
girls looked up to see what object was causing this darkness. The answer 
came in the form of a tremendous star battleship about the size of the 
Gilded Talon. This ship however had little in common with the majestic 
and gracefully streamlined Talon. This ship was bulky and domineering in 
appearance with massive beam cannon turrets mounted along its sharply 
edged sides. Its colors were those of a deep black broken with streaks 
of iridescent green and dark crimson. Upon the aft fuselage was the 
insignia of the House whose forces operated this formidable appearing 
ship. It was the emblem of the Burning Snake. Mihoshi's eyes widened in 
fear as she saw the symbol. She knew far too well which family's ship 
this was. It was undoubtedly the Diamondback, flagship of the Cyrn 
Battle Armada. 
	"Sasami." She said quickly "Run and go get someone. Anyone. 
Trinth, Tenchi, Ryoko, Grandfather, Anyone!" The blue-haired girl took 
off immediately up the path. Mihoshi watched as her friend disappeared 
around the first curve in the path. 
	"Good advice to give your friend, Mihoshi Kuramitsu." A deep, 
sardonic voice sneered behind her. Mihoshi spun around to see a 
powerfully built man in red and green armor standing before her. His 
face was pallid with thin lips set into a permanent smirk. His eyes were 
glassy and dark and his black hair was set into four coils that fell 
around the base of his head. The detective knew exactly who this was and 
his ultimate purpose here. 
	"Chancellor Droft, you must know that you are violating several 
Empire codes merely in having your ship in such plain view of the 
locals. This is a neutral planet." The blonde said with all the courage 
she could find. 
	"And this matters to me?" The despot laughed, "I have come here 
for you, woman. I have chosen you as my bride. You will return with me 
immediately."
	"I really don't want to, Chancellor. You'll have to find someone 
else to marry." Mihoshi said as she backed away from her planet's ruler.
	"Do not dare defy me!" He shouted as he ran up and grabbed her 
arm. "You very well know the penalty for incurring my displeasure." 
Droft regained his composure, his voice changed from rage to one of 
lustful narcissism. "Anyway, you certainly wouldn't want to deny 
yourself of the ultimate ecstasy that awaits you in my chambers." As he 
spoke, he placed a hand upon her leg underneath her dress. 
	"No!" Mihoshi shrieked as she felt his hand touch her bare skin. 
She pushed the noble away and dealt him a swift roundhouse kick to his 
head that knocked him to the ground a few yards from her. Droft rose to 
his feet and drew a blaster pistol from the boot of his armor. 
Callously, he aimed and fired at the blonde. The shot blew up a cloud of 
dust mere inches from the girl's legs. 
	"The next will hit you, woman. I can guarantee that." The noble 
said coldly. He put a hand to the bruise on his temple where Mihoshi's 
foot had hit him. "You have much strength. It makes sense that you would 
be one of those idiotic incense burning leftovers from the dark ages." 
He started to walk towards her, constantly training the pistol on her 
body, his aim unwavering. "Yes, of course. The Lunar Mothers pitied the 
women of the planet below them and granted those who would follow their 
ways strength so that they would survive the dangers of the wild deserts 
of Cyrn. Isn't that the nonsensical rhetoric that you pagans babble? It 
matters not now. There is nothing that can help you now. Submit to your 
true destiny and become a part of my collection of females." Mihoshi 
began sobbing uncontrollably as the Chancellor moved ever closer to her. 
	"Trinth!" Sasami was shouting to the knight as she ran up the 
path. "Trinth! Something's happened. Mihoshi needs you!" The blue-haired 
girl called to him between gasps. She spotted the noble underneath the 
hood of his Ferrari. Oddly, he was singing along with the radio. 
Stranger still, Sasami recognized the song as Space Cowboy by The Steve 
Miller Band. If the situation had been less severe, the young princess 
would have been laughing. She ran up to him and collapsed, exhausted by 
the long run to his house. Trinth slammed shut the hood of the car and 
picked up the small girl. Cradling her in his arms, he carried her into 
his house and placed her on his couch. 
	"Dearheart, what's going on?" the Calab asked firmly. 
	"Some ship came. It really scared Mihoshi. She told me to go get 
you and to hurry. I heard some man talking to Mihoshi after I left. I 
didn't see him but I heard blaster shots." Sasami said weakly. 
	"Did the ship have any markings?" Trinth asked. His voice was more 
strained now, as if he knew what was happening already. He handed her a 
small medallion with the Milodon family crest, a blue-winged falcon 
perched upon a silver letter M with a dagger in its beak, upon it. 
"Something like this?"
	"Yes." Sasami answered, her voice a mere whisper. "Except it 
wasn't pretty like yours. It was sort of scary, a burning snake." At 
that, she passed out. Trinth placed his cape over her and kissed her 
brow.
	"Sleep now, Dearheart. I know now what must be done. " He said in 
a tender voice. "Cryttibaum will have seen you and through that he can 
determine who all is here. I must take immediate action." He rushed up 
to his room and grabbed a white hooded cloak. <I still cannot be 
revealed here. House Cryttibaum is in its last generation. This is the 
last of their kind I must deal with. My vengeance is near complete. > He 
strode over to the bay windows and pushed them open. <Ironic, the very 
reason I'm here on Earth also requires me to protect my love> Donning 
the cloak and pulling its hood over his face, the Calab noble leapt into 
the trees and began rushing towards his lady. Quickly he arrived at the 
scene of Mihoshi's distress. From his place in the trees he saw the 
armored Cyrnian. Trinth drew one of his daggers from its sheath. His 
mind begged him to seek other options but his heart told him this was 
what must be done. Moments passed as the Calab debated if he was about 
to take the right course of action. Heart or mind? That was the question 
that faced him. Heart or mind! This was exactly what Tsunami had told 
him. Taking a deep breath, Trinth carried out his former lover's 
request. Heart was necessary at this time. He jumped to the ground in 
between Mihoshi and Droft.
	"Who dast stand between my future bride and I?" Questioned an 
outraged Droft to the stranger who had leapt into his path. His fury 
increased when he received no answer. The cloaked man just strode 
silently over to the trembling Mihoshi and placed a hand on her cheek. 
Oddly enough, the girl seemed to calm at the stranger's touch. "Once 
more, wretch, who is it who dares to step between my woman and I?" The 
chancellor screamed at the enshrouded enigma.
	"Khen." spoke the stranger in a firm, harsh voice. To punctuate 
his words, the unknown man threw a dagger into the ground at the feet of 
the Chancellor.
	"So, you declare Khen. Who might it be who has the audacity to 
challenge me?" Droft said haughtily.
	"One who is by far your superior, Cryttibaum." came the 
emotionless reply. "You shall return here on the morrow with the girl's 
parents as per the tradition of Khen. Upon their arrival, my identity 
shall be revealed."
	"So be it." Droft said flatly. "If I cannot have your name to take 
to the parents of the girl, may I take your motives in choosing this 
common wench?"
	"I shall not allow you to despoil another pure-hearted woman. 
Those such as her, nay, all women should be provided with the caresses 
of tender affection not brutalized in your barbaric manner. " Declared 
the stranger in white. "You will not have this treasure of a lady as you 
fail to show her the courtesy demanded by her womanhood."
	"Such pitiful nonsense." Droft spat as he regarded his challenger. 
"It will take far more to defeat me tomorrow than pretty words. If you 
wish your demise at my hands I shall happily oblige you." The Chancellor 
turned to Mihoshi and gave her a sinister grin. "It shall be that much 
more satisfying to have you in my bed knowing I poured your lover's 
blood onto the ground." The ruler of Cyrn released a bellicose laugh as 
he transported himself back to the Diamondback. The ship quickly sped 
into the cosmos leaving Mihoshi and the stranger alone in the clearing. 
	"Trinth. Thank you for helping me." Mihoshi said to the cloaked 
figure. She placed her arms around him and pressed herself to his chest. 
"You have no idea how frightened I was when the Chancellor said he had 
come for me. I thought he would take me from you." Much to her surprise, 
she didn't receive a return of her warm embrace. Trinth's body seemed 
stiff and cold. She pulled back the hood that covered his face and 
looked into his eyes. The gentle passion that had been ever present in 
his gaze had been replaced by a strange lifelessness. A storm of 
darkened chaos seemed to be billowing in the depths of his pupils. 
"Trinth? What's wrong?" Mihoshi asked. Concern and fear encased the 
words as she looked to her love for answers. 
	"I cannot tell you. I must go to my ship for some time. Do not 
follow me there." He was still speaking with no emotion. Mihoshi was 
truly alarmed now. 
	"Trinth please. What's wrong? Can't you trust me?" Mihoshi 
pleaded. "I want to be by your side tomorrow. To do anything I can to 
help you prepare. It's my fault you're in this so I have to help."
	"You can't." the Calab said sharply. "No one can. I must do this 
alone. It is between House Cryttibaum and myself. They will not take 
another innocent for their vile purposes." Trinth placed his index 
finger on Mihoshi's lips to hush her forthcoming response. He spoke to 
her in a commanding and, strangely, saddened tone. "Go to my house, 
Sasami is there. The princess was exhausted by her efforts to retrieve 
me. Take her back to your home. After Sasami has been removed from my 
house I will return there and begin preparing for the match. Trinth 
started to walk towards the underground hangar. "I must board my ship 
for a moment, there is something I must do aboard the Talon in subspace. 
I will teleport to my dwelling as soon as my scanners tell me it is 
empty. I bid you good day, m'lady." In minutes, Trinth was out of view. 
Mihoshi sighed and began the slow walk towards the Milodon cottage.
	<Why don't you let me help you? Trinth? Why is it you're only 
allowed to help me? What demons in your soul are causing you such pain? 
> The young woman pondered as she remembered the sharp change in his 
personality. <You have such a wonderful personality. Why did you change 
like that? Will you stay like that? Please, Trinth, don't lose yourself 
trying to keep me. > She opened the door to the cottage and spotted 
Sasami sleeping on the couch. "Sasami, time for us to leave." The blonde 
said in a hushed voice.
	"Is everything all right now?" The small princess questioned. 
Mihoshi broke into tears and embraced the blue-haired girl.
	"I don't know." Mihoshi sobbed, "Trinth challenged that man to a 
Khen match and now Trinth won't talk to me. He seems really upset about 
something. I just wish he would talk to me. I'm afraid for him." The 
Cyrn woman was trembling as she clung to her smaller friend's shoulders. 
"I don't want to lose him now that I know he loves me." Sasami wrapped 
her own arms around the blonde.
	"It's okay, Mihoshi. Trinth has fought lots of people before and 
he's still here. I don't think he'll lose this fight either." Sasami 
said to try and reassure the woman but still, Mihoshi cried. 
	"I'm not afraid of him dying, I'm afraid I'll lose the person he 
is. Trinth was almost cruel in his manner after he challenged Droft. I 
think that there is more going on with Trinth than he wants to tell me." 
	Sasami paused. She wasn't sure what she could say to help in this 
situation. "Let's go talk to the others. I'm sure they'll know what to 
do." Mihoshi nodded in agreement and the two set off for home. 

	When the girls returned and told their story to the rest of the 
family, the reaction was that of unanimous questioning. 
	"What in the world could Archduke Milodon be thinking?" Ayeka 
asked incredulously. "Surely he could have taken this to the courts. 
With his standing in the Empire and the appalling nature of Cryttibaum 
practices he would most definitely win the appeal." 
	Ryoko was equally succinct. "That man has to have gone completely 
out of his mind! I don't want Mihoshi ending up with a Cryttibaum 
anymore than he does but to put his life on the line like that is both 
courageous and stupid." 
	Tenchi felt compelled to speak on Milodon's behalf. "Girls. I can 
understand his motives. I would rather die than let anyone harm any of 
you. I'm more concerned about the change in personality Mihoshi spoke 
of. Washu, do you have any idea what might've caused that."
	"Drastic change in personality, huh?" The red-haired scientist 
asked thoughtfully, "Well, in your average case a rapid shift like that 
is actually evidence of an alter ego created in order to deal with a 
past traumatic event. In Trinth's case, he may be turning from his 
normal caring and compassionate self into the cold-hearted being that 
Mihoshi described. The big question is why he feels the alter ego is 
necessary and what triggered its creation." Washu looked towards the 
hangar. "I'm going to go into the Gilded Talon's database and try to 
find Trinth's personal log. It may give some insight into Trinth's 
mental state and even tell us exactly what happened." 
	Ryoko looked skeptically at her mother. "Washu, what if you're 
wrong?" She questioned, "I don't think Trinth would appreciate you 
poking around in his personal business."
	"The ends justify the means, little missy." Washu retorted, "If 
that Calab wants to risk his neck, I'm not going to stop him but if it's 
because of something other than or alongside of protecting Mihoshi, we 
have a right to know it as his friends." 
	"Then it's settled." Ayeka said firmly. "We all must take some 
course of action in order to reveal Archduke Milodon's motives in 
choosing Khen as his method of defending Mihoshi. I will monitor the 
skies for Cryttibaum's ship."
	"I'm off to the Talon. Afterwards I'll be in my lab." Washu 
stated. "Ryoko, would you help me on board the Talon. I may need to 
transport the entire hard drive if Trinth has it shielded."
	 "Mihoshi, why don't we go talk to brother Yosho? He might know 
about why Trinth hates House Cryttibaum so much." Sasami asked. Mihoshi 
agreed quickly.
	"It might be a good idea for me to go talk to Trinth himself." 
Tenchi said hesitantly, "You know, sort of a man to man thing."
	"You'd really do that for me?" Mihoshi asked excitedly. She threw 
her arms around Tenchi. "Thank you, thank all of you."
	"Forget about it." spoke Ryoko, "Just do me a favor and get off my 
Tenchi. You've got your own guy now, no fair trying to steal mine." 
	"Ryoko!" Ayeka shrieked, "How many times must I remind you that 
Lord Tenchi belongs to the two of us?" 
	"Oh yeah." Ryoko said thoughtfully. "Sorry, Ayeka." This exchange 
brought on a collective stare of disbelief from the others present. The 
space pirate noticed the others' confused gaze and spoke to them. "Well, 
come on. We've got a schizoid Calab nobleman who's about to throw 
himself upon the blade of some guy who's wants Mihoshi for less than 
noble purposes so let's get to it." At Ryoko's urging, the family set 
out on their self-assigned tasks.

	The first to begin their task were Washu and Ryoko. Both were busy 
at work upon the Gilded Talon, searching for some clue to Trinth's past 
that would reveal the deepest motives in his vengeance against the 
Cryttibaums. The object of their search was Trinth's personal log. Washu 
believed that within the last entry into the log there would be some 
mention of the Calab coming to Earth. Her fingers flitted along the 
keypads of the Talon's bridge console. She was frantically scanning 
through the database of the ship's main computer. 
	"Come on, you piece of crap!" Washu said angrily as she slammed 
her fist down upon the keyboard. "Trinth must be hiding something big to 
set up all of these security protocols in his database." Ryoko sauntered 
over to the console Washu was working at.
	"Washu, what is it you exactly think we'll find in Trinth's log?" 
Ryoko asked as she leaned against the ship's bulkhead. 
	"The reasoning behind his strange personality shift, past evidence 
of this happening, a clue as to how we can persuade him to stop his 
bloodlust after the Cryttibaums." The scientist fired off the objectives 
rapidly, counting them on her fingertips as she did, "Shall I continue?"
	Ryoko flopped down in the captain's chair. "You win." She said in 
mock defeat. "God. This is boring work." The space pirate said wearily 
as she dragged her fingers along a keypad on the chair's armrest. 
	"Boring as it is, it's still important. We need to find out 
something about Trinth's condition." Washu chided her daughter.
	"I know." Ryoko admitted. She hit a few more random keys on the 
armrest in order to occupy her bored mind. A holoscreen popped up in 
front of her. "Hey Washu!" She shouted, eagerly motioning for the 
redhead to join her. "Take a look at this." Washu ran over and read the 
screen. It was a file database marked 'Security'. Washu started to 
scroll down the list of files. All were video files marked with 
consecutive star dates. She touched the screen to open the most recent 
file. One that was from mere weeks before Mihoshi and herself had found 
the Archduke and the wreckage of the Gilded Talon. The video's opening 
scene was that of Trinth standing in the middle of the ship's bridge 
with his daggers drawn. He was facing a huge man dressed in green battle 
armor. Trinth spoke first.
	"So. You've found us, Sh'ard." He said in an almost maniacal tone. 
"I hope you didn't think I would just hand over Trinay." Trinth laughed 
deep in his throat as he scraped one dagger blade against the other. 
	"You have disgraced me, killed my blood, and have stolen my wife, 
Milodon." The man in green spoke as he drew a broadsword from his 
scabbard. "In doing so you have not only sealed your own fate, but 
guaranteed her death as well." The man leapt at Trinth and slashed with 
his sword. The Calab sidestepped the rushing attacker and struck at the 
back of his head with the hilt of his dagger. 
	"Sh'ard. You were the one who tolled the bells of death for 
Trinay." Trinth shouted as his opponent fell to the deck of the bridge. 
"Do you think I would allow you to carry out her execution? Did you 
think I could allow that to happen?" he screamed as he stabbed at the 
spot where Sh'ard had fallen. Sh'ard rolled away from where Trinth was 
bringing down his blades and leapt to his feat.
	"That woman was unworthy to be in the bed of a Cryttibaum." The 
green armored man shouted as he swung with his sword at Trinth's head. 
The blade sliced open the Calab's temple. Blood poured from the freshly 
opened wound. "The penalty for a wife failing to please a Cryttibaum 
noble is death." Sh'ard said haughtily as Trinth clutched at his 
bleeding forehead. "It is our WAY!" The Cyrnian noble brought the hilt 
of his sword down upon Trinth's arm, shattering it with a sickening 
crack. Trinth fell to his knees and looked up at his opponent.
	"You knew Trinay would never be able to please you. She was too 
young, too pure, with no knowledge of what you intended to do to her." 
He said in a broken voice. "By the Falcon, she actually thought you had 
loved her. Now, she barely lives" The pain and emotion began to drain 
from Trinth's voice. "And the worst part was I knew this would happen 
and did nothing to stop it." He rose to his feet and threw off his cape, 
his body acting as if it was still complete. "But now, I can rectify 
that mistake." Trinth drew up his daggers and rushed at Sh'ard. "For the 
glory of my sister, the Duchess Trinay!" He shouted in a voice exactly 
like the one Mihoshi had described. One that was devoid of the 
compassion and desire that the knight constantly had shown. Trinth drove 
his daggers deep into the chest cavity of Sh'ard. "Now you die, 
Cryttibaum." He shrieked as the Cyrnian fell to the ship deck. As he 
fell, Sh'ard drew a small blaster from his holster.
	"You're out of luck, Calab filth!" Were Sh'ard Cryttibaum's last 
words as the weapon discharged. The bullet fired by the strange gun 
flashed towards Trinth, digging into his belly.
	Trembling, Washu clicked off the video file. She knew the 
aftermath of that battle. The scientist had witnessed firsthand the 
results of that ammunition. 
	"So." Ryoko said quietly "He was coming to Earth with his injured 
sister and this whole vendetta is revenge for her suffering." 
	Washu nodded. "It appears so." She replied. "Personally, I'd tend 
to agree with his actions now."
	Ryoko looked at her mother questioningly. "What do you mean, you 
agree? He's going to get himself killed if he's not careful." Washu 
started to walk towards the subspace containment fields of the Talon. 
	"You'll understand once you meet Trinay Milodon." She said in a 
maternal tone as she walked off the bridge. 
	"Wait up Washu!" Ryoko called as she floated after the redheaded 
scientist. Ryoko caught up to her as Washu stopped in front of a large 
door. "What's this? " Ryoko asked as she gazed at the large metal 
gateway. 
	"The entrance to the Gilded Talon's subspace containment field." 
Washu said in a hushed voice. "I noticed that this particular 
subdivision of the field was most heavily guarded against not only 
damage but also scanning and transport."
	"So Trinth's sister is in there?" 
	"Probably." Washu said as she opened the door. "Let's find her."
	The two entered the containment field and discovered a literal 
treasure trove of ancient artwork and machinery. Everything in the field 
was in pristine condition. The pair walked past Roman marble sculptures, 
classic automobiles, weapons from across the galaxy, and paintings of 
persons and landscapes long forgotten. In the center of this museum 
there was a large clear cylinder surrounded by lit candles. Washu walked 
up to the chamber and peered inside. There, floating in a sea of 
cryogenic fluid was a woman about the same age as Trinth. She had the 
same deep blue eyes, the same silver hair, the same pale skin, and the 
same slender frame as the Calab nobleman. Upon her neck was the final 
clue as to who this girl was. On a silver chain on her neck was a 
medallion of a stylized 'M' with a falcon perched on it. This was the 
Duchess Trinay Milodon. 
	"Wow." Ryoko said to herself as she viewed the graceful figure 
within the chamber. "How is she doing?"  
	"Not well, considering what this readout says." Washu said as she 
read the sensors along the side of the capsule. "According to this, 
Duchess Trinay is hanging on by the thinnest threads of life." Washu 
crossed over to her daughter's side. "Ryoko, I need you to transport 
this capsule to my lab."
	"Right." Ryoko said boldly as she walked over to the capsule. 
"Let's get you to the lab, Duchess." Ryoko spoke into the capsule as she 
wrapped her arms around it. "I'll see you there, Washu." She said as she 
teleported both the capsule and herself off of the ship. Washu quickly 
followed. 
	<I just hope I can do this in time. > The scientist thought 
worriedly to herself.

	While Ryoko and Washu hurried to the lab, Sasami and Mihoshi had 
entered the shrine and were kneeling in front of Yosho. 
	"So." He said slowly. "The Cryttibaums have chosen you as a bride, 
Mihoshi." 
	"Yes Grandfather." She replied while trying to maintain her 
composure.
	"Trinth was very upset by this, wasn't he?" asked Yosho.
	"Yes. He challenged Chancellor Droft to a khen match." Mihoshi 
answered.
	"It figures." Sighed Yosho. "Trinth has hated that family ever 
since Sh'ard chose his twin sister Trinay." 
	"Did Trinay look a lot like Trinth with the same hair and 
everything?" Sasami interjected. "I saw a picture of a woman who looked 
a lot like Trinth. He was very protective of it."
	"Yes. Trinay was practically a physical duplicate of Trinth." 
Yosho said in his sage voice. "However, her personality couldn't have 
been more different. Trinay was very pure. She knew nothing of malice or 
cruelty and was always very gentle with all people. Trinay was also very 
shy. She would rarely say anything at the royal gatherings of the 
Empire. All she ever seemed to do was cling to Trinth as a child would 
to their father." Yosho paused a minute and shut his eyes as he forced 
back the memories of days long forgotten by choice. "The one thing I 
remember most about Trinay was the way she looked at people. She had 
lonely eyes. Every glance she gave to every person around her seemed to 
beg for affection. On one of the few occasions I spoke with Trinay 
alone, she asked me if I had someone who loved me. I told her I was to 
be married. After I said that, she pressed herself into my chest and 
began sobbing uncontrollably. She kept repeating how wonderful that was. 
Then came the Cryttibaums. Sh'ard was the Baron of the Third Cyrn moon 
and he chose Trinay as one of his brides. The Cryttibaum reputation 
preceded him and Trinth was adamantly opposed to the marriage. He said 
that marrying Trinay was akin to marrying a child. But it was not Trinth 
who had the final say in the matter. Trinay walked straight up to Sh'ard 
and knelt at his feet, signaling that she submitted to his desires. I 
only wish the girl had known what was in store for her."
	"What happened to Trinay?" Mihoshi asked. 
	"I can't really say. Trinth had been receiving numerous letters 
from her during her marriage, but nothing that was too serious. In fact, 
the first few actually stated that she was enjoying herself and was 
being treated well. Trinth even stayed on Earth for a time while she was 
still married. He had actually begun to believe that Sh'ard was a true 
gentleman. Then, one day Trinth came to me and stated that he was 
leaving Earth for Calaban on some urgent business. He told me he would 
say hello to my mother and would return shortly. His attitude was not 
typical Trinth, though. He seemed as if someone was driving a million 
red-hot needles through his heart as he stood. He left the next day. I 
hadn't heard from him until he arrived injured here." Yosho got up and 
walked over to one of his filing cabinets. He started ruffling through 
the numerous documents. "A few days after Trinth left, I found this in 
his room." Yosho handed the girls an aged letter written in barely 
understandable but infinitely beautiful script. "I recognized it 
immediately as one of Trinay's, except this letter spoke of poor 
treatment and that she had found Sh'ard with other women. Trinay said 
that he'd told her that it was his right as a Cryttibaum to do such 
things and had performed unspeakable acts to her as punishment for 
questioning the matter. It is my belief that Trinth had left to be close 
to his sister in her time of need." 
	"Do you think that Duchess Trinay is safe, Grandfather?" Sasami 
asked. 
	"I honestly don't know. But," he said as he turned to Mihoshi, 
"know this, young lady. Trinth won't let anyone lay a hand on you. He 
takes the Code very seriously and will stop at nothing to protect you." 
	"I never doubted that for a second." Mihoshi said in a confident 
voice. She rose to her feet along with Sasami. "Thank you Grandfather. 
You've been a great help."
	"One last thing before you go." The elder priest said as the two 
girls started to walk out of the door. "Do not attempt to interfere with 
Trinth if his personality shifts. He created a sort of alter ego when he 
joined the Galactic Knights so that he wouldn't have to deal with facing 
himself as a killer. In truth, Trinth Milodon does not have the heart to 
kill. He loves people too much but he saw that it was necessary so he 
did what he believed to be the most reasonable thing. He created a 
persona of himself that was totally stripped of all heart. It is only 
with this alter ego that Trinth could face himself after battle."
	Sasami and Mihoshi exchanged glances. They were unsure if they 
could just allow Trinth to carry out his plans. 
	"Grandfather." Mihoshi said shakily. "Is there anything we could 
do to help Trinth?" 
	"Yeah." Sasami added. "Neither of us wants to see him go through 
this. We just want for everyone to be safe." 
	A small, knowing smile formed on Yosho's lips. "That's exactly 
what Trinth wants. Your best chance is to allow him this action. He will 
prevail and all will be fine. Trust his judgment, girls. He won't go 
down the wrong path." 
	Mihoshi bowed deeply. "Thank you once again Grandfather. You've 
been a big help." The blonde turned to Sasami. "I think we should be 
going now."
	"You're right." Sasami admitted in a dejected voice. "Let's go 
back home." And so, the two girls began the trek back to the Masaki 
home.

	Tenchi Masaki had been through a lot in his life. More 
specifically, a lot had happened to him since he had disobeyed his 
Grandfather and set foot beyond the gate of the cave that imprisoned 
Ryoko. Now, one more of those odd occurrences were taking place, this 
time in the living room of an Archduke from another planet who had been 
his Grandfather's brother in arms. The two were kneeling in front of a 
blazing flame Trinth had lit in his fireplace. Both stared in silence at 
the tongues of fire as they leapt skyward. The first to break the quiet 
was the Calab nobleman.
	"You claim to love the women who dwell with you. Do you not?" 
Trinth asked him in a hushed, almost reverent, tone. 
"Yes." The boy replied. "I would do anything for them."  
"Then I must ask a favor of you, young knight." The Calab stated  
. He shut his eyes, reached into his vest, and withdrew one of the 
curved daggers that were his House's trademark in battle.  
Grasping it by the hilt, he held it up to the flickering light of 
the flame. His icy blue eyes reflected off of the glinting 
polished metal of the blade. Tenchi too looked upon the relic of 
combats past. 
<How many battles has that dagger seen? How many lives has it 
taken?> Tenchi wondered. <Does Trinth know the number?> 
	"Twelve hundred years, young knight. That is the answer to your 
question." Trinth gently spoke. "Twelve hundred years that I have lived 
according to a code that demands I protect righteousness wherever it 
dwells." His hold on the dagger moved from the hilt to grasping the 
blade itself. "Twelve hundred years is a long time to exist and that 
fact finally caught me." He smiled for a moment. "Funny, it was Mihoshi 
who showed me just how old I was and I love her for it." The Archduke 
chuckled as he mentioned this then shifted back to his morose religious 
tone. "It is because of Mihoshi that I must ask this of you." He placed 
the dagger in Tenchi's hands. "If I should fall in combat tomorrow, you 
must call khen." Trinth spoke to Tenchi with his eyes never leaving the 
flame. The boy dropped the blade next to its owner and stood to leave. 
As he turned his back on the Knight, he heard Trinth's voice call to 
him. "If you leave now, you shall prove that your love for the women of 
your household is indeed false."
	"That's not true." Tenchi retorted defensively. "I would gladly 
sacrifice my life rather than forsake them." 
	"Then do so." Trinth said in a commanding voice. "What prevents 
you from destroying a threat to their safety?" He asked scornfully as he 
raised, dagger in hand, to face the deserting youngster.
	"It's the conditions of khen that I can't abide by." Tenchi said, 
nearly cowering at the apparent outrage of Trinth. "If I call khen then 
I'd either die or have to marry Mihoshi. Do you know how much that would 
crush the other girls?" He looked towards the Masaki home's silhouette 
in the distance. "I won't cause them that sort of grief."
	"Your intent on protecting their happiness is commendable." Trinth 
stated. "But it is obvious you haven't given thought to their safety. 
Mihoshi would only be the first the Cryttibaums would take. They would 
lay claim to the women of your family one by one. Coming, ensnaring, 
raping, and finally executing.  Even Sasami will eventually fall into 
their hands if the House of the Burning Snake is not destroyed." Trinth 
reached out with the dagger towards Tenchi. "Take this and that what you 
have learned from your Grandfather and fulfill my request." 
	Tenchi accepted the weapon and placed it in his shirt pocket. "I 
will." He said bravely.
	"Good. Tell no one of this and I shall see you on the battlefield 
tomorrow." Said a satisfied Milodon. "Tenchi." He called out as the boy 
went to leave. "If you were in my position, what would you have done?" 
	"I probably would've done the same. I couldn't bear to let 
something like that happen to one of the girls." Tenchi answered. The 
knight smiled at this and something seemed to return to him. It was as 
if someone had lifted a great burden off of his shoulders. 
	"Thank you. Young Juraiin." He said as the fire finally burned 
out. Tenchi left him there, standing and smiling, in the gathering dark.

	A ship was knifing its way back towards the Earth at breakneck 
speed. It was bearing the Chancellor of Cyrn and the parents of Mihoshi. 
The married couple was busy discussing the situation involving their 
daughter. 
	"Another noble apparently wants Mihoshi for his own." Farn was 
saying to his wife. "He challenged our ruler to khen for her hand." The 
man spoke as he nervously paced.
	"That is a wonderful thing, Farn." Layla Kuramitsu said as she lit 
three orb shaped incense candles within their quarters. "Mihoshi will be 
safe as long as this mystery challenger is there to protect her."
	"But Layla, Chancellor Droft is one of the most powerful warriors 
in the Empire. If Mihoshi loves this challenger then she'll be 
devastated when His Excellency kills him."
	"The moons tell me that our daughter is now safe. This unknown 
will not lose." Layla said in a mystical voice as she shut her eyes and 
inhaled the scent of the three incenses. 
	"What if he turns out to be worse than a Cryttibaum?" Farn asked 
quietly.
	Layla opened her eyes and looked down at a small, jagged scar on 
her inner thigh. 
	"Nothing is worse than those barbarians." She said convincingly. 
"I will tell you now, when we arrive at the battlefield I will pledge my 
support to the challenger as Mihoshi's suitor."
	"I only wish I could do the same, Layla." Farn said remorsefully. 
"But I can't risk being tried for treason after the incident involving 
you."
	"You won't have to." His wife said in the confident tone that 
always followed her inhalation of the ancient incenses of her religion. 
"The challenger will triumph." Farn sighed and crawled into his bed 
leaving his wife to her incantations. "Mother First brought us to birth. 
Second Mother, beloved as the other, gave to us the sand and rain.  
Blessed Mother the Third, give to us.."

	".your life saving words." Mihoshi finished the prayer as she 
knelt at the incense candles that burned within the shrine to the Moons 
of Cyrn in her room. Her ancient religion was her last thing to turn to 
in this desperate hour. She needed clarity. She needed peace. It had 
been nearly eight hours since anyone had spoken to Trinth. Tenchi had 
told very little about his encounter with the Calab. Washu was busying 
herself with treating Duchess Trinay. Ayeka and Ryoko had attempted to 
help Washu but fell asleep quickly during the monitoring of the 
Duchess's vital signs. It had been an exhausting day for all involved. 
Mihoshi started as her door creaked. She turned to see who it was that 
was entering her room. It was a tearful Sasami.
	"Mihoshi." The small princess asked in a choked voice. "What's 
going to happen tomorrow?" Mihoshi walked over to the blue-haired child 
and hugged her tightly. 
	"I don't know. Either Trinth will win this fight and he and I will 
be married or." Mihoshi paused to wipe a tear out of her eye as it began 
to form.  ".he'll be killed and Chancellor Droft will take me as his 
wife."
	"You're so brave about it." Sasami wept. "I don't want to see you 
go Mihoshi. You're like a sister to me." She bawled as she clutched at 
the blonde woman's waist. Not wanting to let go for fear that if she 
did, the Cyrnian girl would vanish. "Please don't go." 
	Mihoshi stroked the crying princess's back and whispered to her. 
"I'm not going anywhere. That's what Trinth is trying to make sure of." 
Sasami loosened her grip and looked up to Mihoshi's face. 
	"Do you think I could stay here tonight?" Sasami asked.
	"I think that'd be fine." Mihoshi answered as she took the 
blankets from her bed and laid them out on the bedroom floor. "There, 
this way we can sleep like sisters and tell each other all sorts of 
stories until we fall asleep." The blonde commented happily. Sasami's 
expression brightened and she lay down on the blanket. 
	"Could you tell me about your date with Trinth?" the small 
princess asked. Mihoshi blushed and sat down to begin telling the tale 
of how she learned Trinth loved her. She told about the drive in the 
Ferrari, the martinis, Atore, and most of all, Trinth singing to her. 
	"That sounded wonderful, Mihoshi." The blue-haired girl remarked. 
"I wish Trinth had done something like that with me." Sasami yawned and 
settled back into her pillow. "Well, good night sister." Mihoshi blinked 
at this reference, then smiled and laid her head on her own pillow. 
	"Good night, sister." She said to Sasami as both girls fell fast 
asleep.

	Dawn broke cold and harsh over Okayama. The morning sun was joined 
by blackened clouds and rain swept down upon the fields and forests of 
the Masaki family's land. 
	"Into each life some rain must fall." remarked Tenchi as he looked 
out of the windows of the kitchen into the downpour.  The others at the 
breakfast table nodded their heads in solemn agreement. For once, the 
cheery banter of the family had been silenced. Never had Tenchi thought 
it possible that he'd miss the happy sounds of his household. The 
silence was broken by a knock at the front door. Ayeka rose and went to 
answer. She opened the door and found Baron Atore Teylono in royal 
Lucidian robes of red and yellow standing beneath an umbrella at their 
doorstep.
	"Princess." He said in a severe tone that completely unsuited him. 
"I've come to act as the officiate for the khen match. Trinth sent for 
me." 
	"Please step right in, Baron Teylono." The eldest Juraiin princess 
spoke. Teylono bowed and walked into the house. Immediately, Atore 
spotted Mihoshi and strode over to her. He knelt at her feet and kissed 
her hand. 
	"I offer my deepest regrets at the current situation." He said 
mournfully. "I wish it were me facing off against Droft and not Milodon. 
Then you and Trinth could appeal the Emperor and all would be done 
with." Ryoko stood and slammed her fist on the table.
	"What is with you knights and throwing your life away?" she 
questioned fiercely. "What makes you so special that you can die without 
any consequences to the people around you? Honestly. Are we supposed to 
sing your praises because you don't care what happens to your life?"
	"That's enough Ryoko!" Tenchi ordered. "Everyone is on edge as it 
is so there's no need to go off screaming at everyone." Ryoko silenced 
herself and slunk back to her chair. Atore leaned back against the 
kitchen entryway arch and pulled a Lucky Strike cigarette out of a 
silver case. He nodded toward Washu while lighting it. 
	"How is Trinay coming along?" he asked after his first puff. "You 
did tell me you had her in regen."
	Washu looked up from her spreadsheets and answered the Baron. "I 
expect her to be fully healed by 1:00pm." She stated.
	"Drat. That may be too late." Atore said as he searched for an 
ashtray. "A match is always at midday on the planet where the challenger 
calls khen." Sasami saw the elder knight looking around himself and ran 
to get him an ashtray. She returned with the receptacle and asked him a 
question as he tapped the ashes off of hi cigarette.
	"Baron Teylono, how did you know about us having Trinay?" Asked 
Sasami.
	"Simply put, Washu and I were friends a long way back." Atore 
stated. "She tapped Trinth's communications and when she saw that the 
guy had asked me to be his officiate, she gave me a call as well." 
	"I hope you'll be able to talk some sense into Lord Milodon. He 
has been beyond reason ever since Cryttibaum set foot upon this planet." 
Ayeka said forcefully. 
	"I'm afraid I can't do that, Princess." Atore said as he shrugged 
his shoulders. "I'm the match's officiate. You know that once I accept 
that position I can't interfere except to see to it that the match 
proceeds according to the Code." He waved towards the open fields with 
his cigarette between the tips of his index and middle fingers. "The 
battlefield is where this will end. Nothing can or will be allowed to 
stop it now."
	Mihoshi looked around at the unhappy faces surrounding the table. 
"Everyone." She said in a surprisingly composed voice. "We need to 
support Trinth in this instead of trying to stop him. I think that this 
is happening for a reason and that if we leave it up to Trinth 
everything will work out." As she said this, the rush of starship 
engines resounded above the Masaki home, drowning out the patter of the 
raindrops on the roof. Atore ground out his cigarette as the family rose 
to meet the Chancellor. 
	"Now we'll test out that idea of yours, Lady Mihoshi." He said 
ruefully as they walked out into the fields. Droft Cryttibaum and 
Mihoshi's parents now occupied the open space in front of the house. 
They stood opposite the house.
	"I have returned at the appointed time with the girl's parents." 
Droft shouted. "Where is the unknown challenger? Has his cowardice 
proven it surpasses his bold words?" A figure enshrouded in black 
descended from the trees around the house. 
	"I am here Cryttibaum." He stated harshly. "I would never disgrace 
myself by conceding to a pathetic creature such as you."
	"Noble warrior." Called out Layla Kuramitsu as she crossed the 
field to where he stood. "I select you as my daughter's champion in this 
duel." She stood before him and peered into the hood of his cloak. "Tell 
me you fight as a righteous man." He bowed deeply as she asked this. 
	"M'lady, you have my word that I am of noble intent and noble 
blood." He stated. 
	"Enough of this." Bellowed Droft. "I have done as requested. Show 
yourself, nameless one, so that I may affix a face to my bride's 
deceased lover." 
	"So be it." The unknown figure said loudly as he through off his 
cloak. 
	"Milodon!" Droft shouted as he drew his dagger. "You dare to defy 
House Cryttibaum after you kidnapped my brother's wife and killed him in 
cold blood? Your blood will mix with the mud of this rain-soaked field." 
	Tenchi clutched at the dagger in his shirt as he watched this 
exchange. <Those two are bent on killing each other. There will be no 
mercy shown in this fight. I hope I won't have to join this.>
	Atore stepped out into the middle of the field. "Under the laws of 
khen you both must display your weapons at this time. Only the 
traditional blades of your ancestors are permitted. To use that which 
your opponent cannot see shall mean an immediate defeat followed by 
execution." Both men held their daggers before them. Milodon had his 
elegantly curved blade in his right hand  and Cryttibaum showed his own 
thorny weapon. "Speak of thy family, noble warriors and sound your 
battle call." Trinth spoke first.
	"I am Archduke Trinth Milodon of Calaban, a son of the glorious 
Falcon. May the wind that carries me aloft blast you into oblivion."
	"I am Chancellor Droft Cryttibaum of Cyrn, a son of the Burning 
Snake. May my fangs cease the beat of your heart." 
	Atore walked to the side of the battlefield and turned to face the 
two men. Each stood in the torrent. They shed their royal finery 
revealing their powerful builds. Trinth was easily the more lithe of the 
pair with every surface covered in sinew. Droft was massive and 
forceful, though, with tremendous biceps and deeply cut chest. There 
they stood, facing each other, the rain dripping off of their forms. A 
murderous roar bellowed from the throat as Droft charged at the Calab. 
Trinth responded with a primal scream as he too ran towards his 
opponent. They met in the middle of the field. Their daggers clashed as 
Trinth parried away Droft's first swiping attack. The Calab countered 
with a sweeping slash at the belly of the Chancellor. Droft leapt back 
and spun around, kicking Trinth to the ground. Trinth fell to his hands 
and sprung back up, slamming the Cyrnian to the ground with his 
shoulder. Droft fell back into the muddied grass. Trinth brought his 
dagger down to stab at the head of his enemy, but Droft rolled away 
quickly, leaving Trinth driving his blade into the Earth. The Chancellor 
leapt to his feet and slashed at Trinth. Trinth ducked down and pulled 
his mired dagger up just in time to block the attack of the Cyrnian. 
Droft repeated the upsweeping attack again and found the block of the 
Calab to be weaker this time. He tried it once more and succeeded in 
knocking away the block. After breaking through the defenses of the 
Calab, the marauding Chancellor cut into Trinth, drawing blood from the 
Archduke's right shoulder. A powerful sidekick struck Trinth in his side 
and sent him sprawling across the field. He landed in the mud on his 
knees, holding his shoulder. Droft turned to him and sneered.
	"So this is the mighty Trinth Milodon." He laughed scornfully. 
"You are nowhere near the warrior of legend. In fact, your defeat is 
coming much swifter than one would expect from a knight of the Empire." 
Strangely, Trinth began chuckling at this. He looked up towards 
Cryttibaum and laughed hysterically. "What do you find so funny?" The 
Chancellor demanded. Trinth turned a maddened fiery gaze and a superior 
grin to his opponent.
	"You actually believe me to be using my full strength in a battle 
with someone of your poor caliber?" Trinth laughed. In a flash, he 
tossed his dagger straight up into the air with his wounded right arm. 
He leapt to follow and caught the weapon in midair in his left hand. His 
body jackknifed downwards towards Droft. His blade trailed him as he 
fell at an angle to where Cryttibaum stood. The ancient Calab blade 
sliced through the stunned Cyrnian as Trinth landed crouched behind him. 
A reverse kick delivered the final blow, knocking the disjointed head of 
Cryttibaum to the ground. Trinth rose and turned to face those gathered 
at the edge of the field. The rain cascaded down through his shimmering 
silver hair as he looked into their eyes. 
	"I have defeated Droft Cryttibaum in khen. I reinstate my claim to 
Mihoshi Kuramitsu as my wife." He spoke in the calm, charismatic voice 
that had been missed during the two days passed. Mihoshi started to run 
towards the knight and he towards her. They met in the center of the 
field, half crying and half laughing. Both were overjoyed that this 
ordeal was over. 
	"Way to go Grayhair!" shouted Ryoko as the rest of the family ran 
towards Trinth. Those present quickly overwhelmed him. All were simply 
glad that he was still with them. Hugs were traded all around between 
the rain-drenched residents of the Masaki household. Farn quickly spoke 
up. 
	"Your Excellency Milodon, I am deeply grateful to you for what 
you've done for my daughter." He said. "I wonder when you intend to hold 
the wedding." 
	Trinth smiled and lifted Mihoshi into his arms. "As soon as 
possible, my good man." He said happily to the cheers of all present. A 
beeping sound broke the revelry. Washu looked down at her wrist. 
	"Oh my. It's happening now." The scientist spoke as she ran 
towards her lab. The others quickly followed. Leaving the Kuramitsus 
standing alone together. 
	"Well then, it certainly looks as if my predictions were correct." 
Layla said smoothly. "Shall we return Droft's body to the High Council? 
Certainly they'll know what to do with him." 
	"Of course, my dear." Farn said, the confidence returning to his 
voice after so many years. "I'm sure our daughter will communicate to us 
her plans." They both touched a small button on their wrist worn 
communicators and they plus the Chancellor's corpse, were transported 
back aboard their ship.

	Deep inside of the medical section of Washu's lab, all eyes were 
on a draining regeneration chamber. A hush fell upon the family as the 
watched the last bit of fluid drain from the tank. Trinth dashed towards 
the empty capsule just as Washu pulled the hatch lever. The hatch opened 
slowly as Trinth removed his cape and placed it around the body of the 
emerging occupant. Her soft, shy voice echoed throughout the lab. 
	"It is good to see you again, dear brother." She said mildly. 
Tears began leaking from Trinth's eyes as he embraced his sister. 
	"Trinay, my other half, I never thought I'd see you again." He 
said as he helped her down from atop the tank. "Now you're here with me. 
I haven't been this happy in years." Trinay smiled. 
"Dear brother, what has happened since I was injured?" she asked. 
Trinth sighed and began the long process of explaining everything. 

The family crowded around Trinay as Trinth led her from the 
medical lab. Atore bowed as he saw her.
	"Duchess, I am glad to find you well again." He spoke humbly. 
	"Arise, dear Atore." She said as she kissed his forehead. She 
looked to the others. "I am exceedingly grateful to all of you for what 
you have done for me.  Madame Washu, I do hope that I haven't been a 
burden on you." 
	"It was nothing, little missy." The scientist said bashfully. 
Trinay then turned to Mihoshi and embraced her warmly.
	"Sister, allow me to be the first to welcome you into the Milodon 
family. From all that my brother tells me of you I think that the Great 
Hall will be livened immensely by your fair presence." Mihoshi blushed 
as her new sister-in-law said this. There was something about the 
Duchess that gave each one of her words an air of grace. Somehow, Trinay 
had come to love her as family after only seeing her for minutes. 
Mihoshi was amazed at Trinth's sister's capacity for affection. It was 
true what Atore had said, she had lonely eyes. Eyes that were both 
cheery and saddened permanently. 
	"Duchess Trinay, allow me to show you to a room." Ayeka said 
formally. 
	"I believe I should be staying with my brother, Princess Ayeka." 
Trinay replied. "I hope I don't seem rude in declining your offer." 
	Meanwhile, Trinth had taken Tenchi aside. They were standing in 
the living room facing each other. 
	"Young knight, I'm sure you know what I am asking of you." Trinth 
said slowly. Tenchi nodded and drew the dagger Trinth had handed to him. 
The boy handed it to the Calab and breathed a sigh of relief.
	"You have no idea how much I'm glad to get rid of that thing." 
Tenchi said happily. Trinth chuckled.
	"Want to be in on a little secret? I don't care for using them 
much myself." The aged knight said mildly. Atore walked up to the two 
and put his arms around their shoulders.
	"Tenchi my boy, Trinth, you know what I say we should do?" Atore 
said in a mischievous tone. "I say it's high time we put all the 
bloodshed in the back shed, break out the bubbly, call up the women and 
make merriment until we can't see straight." 
	"A fine idea." Added Yosho as he removed a bottle of sake from the 
cellar. Tenchi looked at the older men running off to gather their 
beverages and sighed.
	"Am I the only guy here who thinks this is a bad idea?"

	Near the center of the known universe there is a planet whose 
inhabitants have never been shown in recorded history. Yet their 
presence has never been doubted. The proof lies in the magnificent stone 
structures they crafted millenniums ago. It is in these ancient 
buildings that the High Council of the Galactic Empire meets. Planets 
are represented by their rulers in the Council. Thus, the Empire is held 
together by regular meeting of the nobles and their presence together 
develops a mutual respect. In today's meeting, the discussion was 
routine until two persons from Cyrn bearing a casket entered the hall.   
	"Members of the High Council." The man proclaimed. "I bring you 
unsettling news. Chancellor Droft Cryttibaum of planet Cyrn has been 
killed in Khen." The man gestured to the casket. "You may do with him as 
you will." The Council was in an uproar at the word Khen. 
	"Are you sure of what you speak, sir?" Questioned the Emperor.
	"I was also there." The woman spoke. "It was our daughter over 
whom the match was fought." 
	"Who was it that was the victor and claimed your daughter as his 
wife." Asked the Emperor. "We must know for now all of Cyrn is his." A 
vague, haughty smile crossed the woman's lips.
	"Archduke Trinth Milodon." She said grandly. Much turmoil ensued 
as Milodon was mentioned. 
	"That is impossible! Milodon is dead." One noble cried out. 
	"He lives. I have seen him." Replied the woman.  Immediately more 
questions barraged this messenger. The nobles present rushed to the two 
Cyrnians, all except one. Emperor Azusa of Jurai strode out of the hall 
and quickly walked to his ship. 
	"Trinth Milodon cannot marry this girl. He is already arranged to 
marry the Princess Sasami." 

Authors Notes: How about that for a twist in plot? Needless to say, part 
5 is in the works already  and will explain that whole last bit. I hope 
you devoted fans will look forward to it as well as tell me what you 
thought of this latest addition to the Gold & Silver chronicles. 
Tallgeese Forever!
Craeyst Raygal
	
