By now the pattern should be fairly obvious to fans of this series. I 
don't own Tenchi Muyo. I don't own Dune. I don't own any of the songs 
used in my fics. For the song included in this part, credit goes to 
Seals and Croft for their song "Summer Breeze". I only own the 
characters I created for the purposes of having a plot to the story. Of 
course if you've been reading this epic then you are certainly getting 
anxious to find out what all is going on with the bizarre and shocking 
conclusion to part 4. So I'll silence myself and let you enjoy part 5 
of
Gold & Silver: Part5- Elements Form Alloys.

	Ever since Trinth's duel with Droft, the routine of life 
had remained unbroken. Days flew by as minutes yet lasted for eons. 
Time had stopped for those weary of time and life had begun anew.  
There were always lively times in the Masaki household during 
this period. After Mihoshi and Trinth's engagement, life had undertaken 
a laid back atmosphere. After all everyone had been through, a few 
weeks of pleasant bliss before the big wedding were not too much to 
ask. Yes, all was now calm, but calm typically preludes a coming storm. 
But this storm came not in the form of dark clouds and villainous 
beings. This storm arrived as a communiqu‚ from Jurai.
"Ayeka." Sasami called to her sister upstairs. "We got a 
transmission from home. Washu received it five minutes ago." 
"I'll be right down Sasami. It's most likely Mother wondering how 
we are doing yet again." The elder princess said mildly. Their mother 
was prone to contacting Washu on the slightest thought that something 
might have happened to them. However, it was wise to humor the Empress 
and confirm that all was fine on Earth. When they did see whose face it 
was on the telescreen, they were quite surprised.
"Father." Ayeka said, perplexed at the Juraiin Emperor's 
presence. "It is good to see you."
"It is good to see you as well, daughter." Azuza said quickly. 
"Tell me, is your sister present? I have some business to discuss with 
her." His voice seemed just a bit shaken at the word 'business'. 
Ayeka's curiosity was piqued by this inflection. Her father rarely 
displayed any emotion, particularly confusion or uneasiness. That 
something dealing with Sasami could cause such feelings in her father 
meant it was unquestionably something tremendous. Sasami pushed her 
sister aside and leaned towards her father's image on the screen. 
"I'm right here, Father." She said happily. "What do you want to 
tell me?" 
"Good then." Azuza stated. "Ayeka, you may go now." He ordered, 
motioning her away. Ayeka bowed and left, wondering what could be so 
important. Upon leaving the lab, she was greeted by Duchess Trinay.
"Hello Princess." Stated the Calab woman in her soft, distant 
voice. "What news have you of Jurai?" She started to walk past the 
Juraiin Princess, beckoning her to follow. "Would you join me?" She 
called. "I was just going out for my afternoon walk."  Ayeka joined the 
Duchess at her side. 
The pair walked for quite some distance. For much of the time 
they said nothing. This was of no matter to Ayeka. In fact, Trinay's 
reserved nature reminded her of Funaho, her second mother. The Duchess 
and her Father's first wife were quite similar in nature. Quiet, 
reserved, and always graceful. Ayeka wished that someday such 
characteristics could come as naturally to her as they did to the Calab 
Archduchess. 
Trinay's soft voice broke the silence when they arrived at a 
rock-strewn brook surrounded by a small cluster of trees whose branches 
completely blocked out the sky. The Calab woman sat down daintily upon 
a moss-covered rock and looked out towards the water of the stream.
"Now, Ayeka, please tell me of Jurai." She requested in a longing 
voice. "It has been so long since I've spoken with her trees." 
"Duchess Trinay, I don't know much of what has happened recently. 
I've been away for at least a decade." The Princess confessed as she 
took a seat near Trinay. "In fact, my father only wished to talk to 
Sasami today, the only time he has contacted us on Earth." Ayeka said, 
a bit depressed at the fact that her father didn't want to speak with 
her. Oddly, a knowing smile formed on Trinay's face. 
"So, upon the arrival of news of my dear brother's marriage, 
Azuza contacts the younger of the two Juraiin princesses." Trinay laid 
back on her rock and shut her eyes. "Oh Ayeka, the circle of time is 
coming around to close itself. Soon our history shall confront the here 
and now to determine the future." The Calab Duchess's words came out 
sounding as if she were in a rapturous trance. "Can't you see, now is 
the time of the Great Rejoicing. That which was foretold by your gods 
as well as mine and those throughout the Empire." 
Ayeka was thoroughly confused by Trinay's words. A few things she 
understood. The Great Rejoicing was one of them. Supposedly, it was a 
time of galactic peace and unity. The legends of Jurai pointed towards 
Tsunami being the one to bring about this era. From what her governess 
had taught her of the ancient myths of other Galactic Empire planets. 
Ayeka also knew that Cyrn, Calaban and Earth all had similar legends. 
In Calab myth, it would be 'he who is truthful to the ways finding she 
who knows only truth', from Cyrn, the great rejoicing came from 'the 
mistress of wings and the knight of the skies', and on Earth the era 
begins upon 'the coronation of an innocent and the absolution of a 
wounded heart'. What any of this had to do with her father talking with 
Sasami or time was completely beyond the Princess. She said nothing to 
Trinay, though. She felt it wasn't her place to question the woman's 
logic. So she sat there alongside the Duchess, gazing out onto the 
peaceful scene of the brook. 
How little she knew that chaos loomed in the near future.

Sasami didn't know what to think about what her father had just 
told her. To some extent, it was good news. However, it was both far 
too sudden and very ill timed. Hopefully, her father's arrival on 
Earth, along with her mother and aunt's, would at least explain this 
announcement. The young princess did come to one conclusion; she would 
have to tell Mihoshi. Telling Trinth might be a bad idea, but telling 
Mihoshi was the right thing to do. After all, the Calab Archduke was 
rightfully the blonde's husband. She would tell her after dinner. That 
would be best. The girl left the lab and went on her way. The big 
question on her mind was simple. Why had her father chosen Archduke 
Milodon as her suitor? 
"Sasami, how are things back home?" Tenchi's voice called to her 
as she entered the living room. She turned to face him. As usual, 
Tenchi was being friendly and helpful. He really was like an older 
brother. True, she had thought of him romantically when she was first 
living in this house, but now she realized how much more she preferred 
him as a friend and as family. 
"Everything's fine Tenchi." She said. "Father just wanted to tell 
me that he would be coming to Earth soon." The blue-haired girl sat 
down on the couch next to him. "There's something he wants to discuss 
with me."
"I hope it's not anything serious." Tenchi said. Internally, he 
shuddered at the thought of Azuza. The last time he had been on Earth 
in regards to the princesses, Tenchi had ended up having to fight the 
man the Emperor had chosen as their husband. That experience wasn't 
something Tenchi wanted to repeat. "I bet he just misses you and Ayeka. 
I mean, you have been on Earth for a couple of years now." 
"Right." Sasami agreed. She only wished that were the case. She 
would have preferred that this was a visit instead of a declaration of 
betrothal. It was going to be a tiring day to wait until her father 
arrived.

It was early afternoon when Mihoshi woke up in the bed she shared 
with her soon-to-be husband. She smiled as she saw his sleeping form. 
Mihoshi had taken Trinth's cottage as her own upon their engagement. 
Yes she liked the d‚cor and found it to be a very comfortable place to 
live, but the move had been made for the sole purpose of being close to 
Trinth. After the incident with Droft she wanted to be near him at all 
times. To her great relief, Trinth shared in this desire. Her pleasure 
seemed to be the only thing he concerned himself with these days. She 
wished he'd realize that merely having him by her side was pleasure 
enough. 
"Trinth." She spoke softly, calling to him from across their bed. 
"Are you awake."
"I am now, m'lady." He said mildly as he turned on his side to 
face her. "And I'm glad to wake up finding you lying beside me." 
Mihoshi brushed a stray lock of his silver hair away from Trinth's face 
and kissed his lips. 
"Get used to it. It'll be the way things are from now on " She 
said playfully, moving her hands down to his back. The knight smiled.
"And I am glad for that." He stated affectionately. "M'lady, 
shall we go to breakfast? I'm sure Sasami has something spectacular 
prepared." 
"Of course." She agreed quickly. The blonde stepped off of the 
bed and made a dash to her bedroom to dress. Trinth chuckled at her 
speed as he crossed his room to his wardrobe. 
"It appears m'lady is appreciative of fine dining." The Calab 
mused as he donned a deep blue tunic and white slacks. His royal attire 
had been seeing less use these days. In fact, he hadn't worn it since 
his Khen match with Droft. The Archduke shuddered at the thought of 
that duel. He had fought on the battlefield of honor many a time 
before, but this particular one had seemed different. Perhaps it was 
the personal involvement. Perhaps it was the high stakes at risk. 
Perhaps it was the rain and mud that he and Droft had crossed blades 
in. But in any case, Trinth still felt odd about the Khen match. He 
concluded that it was best not to ponder it too long. After all, his 
wedding was to be in one week. This wasn't the time to be concerning 
oneself with the misgivings of the event that brought that about. He 
strode out of the bedroom and down the stairs. It wasn't wise to keep 
the rest of the family waiting for breakfast.

Baron Atore Teylono felt he was perhaps the most unlikely of 
fellows. He had been one of the Empire's elite knights. Fighting for 
years alongside Yosho and Trinth. He was the youngest of the three, yet 
he was the one seen as the old man. As a Lucidian, he failed to benefit 
either from the slow aging of Calaban's natives or the drinking of the 
sap of Jurai's trees. He wore his years as grey hairs and slowing 
reflexes. Perhaps it was this apparent age that had placed him in this 
current predicament. In any case, he was not relishing the idea of 
speaking with Milodon.
<Why did I do this? > He pondered as his Audi A8 wound up the 
road to the Masaki shrine. <I was in no position to make that sort of 
agreement. Lady Trinay. Why did you convince me to agree to Azuza's 
proposal? How did you convince me?> The sedan came to a slow halt at 
the front of the Masaki home. <Now I must tell my friend whom he is to 
marry after his heart had made its decision.> The Baron took a deep 
breath as he walked up to the front door and knocked. "Heaven help me 
for what I am about to do." He muttered as Tenchi answered the door.
"Hello Baron Teylono." The boy greeted the elder Lucidian. "What 
brings you here? Please come in." Teylono stepped through the doorway.
"I'm here to speak with Sasami and Trinth." He replied nervously. 
"Are they around?" asked Atore as he removed his jacket and placed it 
on the coat post. 
"Well, Trinth and Mihoshi still haven't shown up for breakfast 
and Sasami is a bit worried over something her father told her this 
morning." This was not what the Baron had wanted to hear.
"Azuza, you have all the subtly of a sledgehammer, you imbecile." 
He muttered. "Please show me to her, my boy." Atore requested quickly. 
Tenchi nodded and motioned for the Baron to follow him to the kitchen 
where Sasami was busying herself by cooking. "Princess Sasami." He 
called to her. Making her aware of his presence. 
"Hello Baron Teylono." She said sweetly. "Are you here for 
breakfast?" The Lucidian noble chuckled.
"Nay, young princess. I ate rather well before I came." He stated 
jokingly while patting his stomach. "There is actually something I must 
discuss with you." He paused and sat down, withdrawing his cigarette 
case from his pocket. "Regarding Archduke Milodon." Sasami dropped the 
plate she had been holding. It shattered upon impact with the floor. 
She wheeled around to face Tenchi.
"Tenchi, do you think you could leave us in private?" she asked 
quickly. Tenchi shrugged and left the room. Leaving Sasami alone with 
Atore. The small princess sat down next to the nobleman and looked at 
him. "You already know about it?" she asked in a small voice.
"To be frightfully honest, dear princess," Atore said as he lit 
one of his ever- present Lucky Strikes, "I am responsible for the 
arrangement." He inhaled deeply and exhaled with a sigh. "I had no idea 
why I did what I did. Azuza was adamant that the betrothal should 
happen. Equally akin to the idea, and the one who persuaded me to act 
as the third party in making the betrothal a reality was Duchess 
Trinay. I merely signed my name to the document and that was that." 
"Then, this is really happening?" Sasami stated, her voice 
wavering with anxiety. "I'm really going to be married to Trinth?" 
"Apparently so." Atore replied. "I can't undo this." The Baron 
shrugged and inhaled on his cigarette. "Hindsight is always twenty-
twenty. Isn't it?" he said methodically as he watched the plume of 
smoke from his exhalation rise into the air. 
"Does Trinth know?" Sasami asked, thinking back to the Calab and 
his soon to be wife. "And what about Mihoshi? What'll happen to her?" 
Atore shook his head. 
"Milodon knows not. Your father and his sister thought it best to 
keep the betrothal under wraps until you were of age." Atore tapped the 
ashes off the tip of his cigarette into a nearby ashtray. 
"Unfortunately, when you were of age Trinth had taken off for Earth and 
we were unable to contact him. In fact, he was believed dead by the 
Council and your father began searching for other suitors for you and 
your sister." He paused to let the information sink in with Sasami then 
continued. "You see, Seriyo was never a serious candidate for your 
hand. In fact, the betrothal to Trinth would have over-ridden that 
marriage had it taken place and he been found."
"But what about Mihoshi?" the blue-haired girl persisted. She 
leaned close to Atore and peered into the depths of his eyes. Her gaze 
pleaded for all of the information he could offer. 
"I was just coming to that. Calab law, particularly the ancient 
Calab laws that are all that Trinth truly follow, does allow for 
multiple wives. Yet, current Calab society frowns upon such activity, 
at least, from what I recall of it. Considering the fact that your 
betrothal dates back to your hundred and twenty-eighth birthday and 
your standing within the nobility, the other members of the aristocracy 
may not regard Mihoshi very highly. A true shame, that is. They will 
see her as your husband's plaything. That or see the marriage to you as 
a grab for power. " Atore placed his hands over Sasami's. "Dear 
princess, can you accept the apologies of an old fool. I never should 
have agreed to allow this madness."  
Sasami was horrified at what Baron Teylono was saying. None of it 
seemed to be good news. How could her friends do this to her? How could 
her father do this? The questions flashed through her mind like bolts 
of lightning. All she had was Atore was telling her. She almost felt 
sorry for him. He did regret even being involved in this, and he wanted 
desperately to set things right. The only problem was she knew he 
couldn't. Then a familiar pair of voices drifted into the kitchen from 
the living room. 
"Good to see you this morning, young knight." Said the voice of 
Trinth Milodon as Tenchi showed them in.
"Are we in time for breakfast?" asked the cheerful voice of 
Mihoshi. 
They were here and it was time to tell them. Sasami called to 
them from the kitchen. 
"Trinth. Mihoshi. Do you think you could come here for a moment. 
There's something I need to tell the both of you." She said as calmly 
as possible. 
"Of course Dearheart." Trinth answered happily. Sasami could hear 
the couple's footsteps as they neared the table where she sat with 
Baron Teylono. <How will they react? What will they think of me?> She 
wondered as they came walked into the kitchen. 
"Atore, good to see you and not be in the midst of some sort of 
crisis." Trinth said happily as he took a seat. Atore smiled weakly at 
the joke.
<How little you know, my friend.> he thought.
"So Sasami. What is it you wanted to tell us." Trinth asked as 
Mihoshi sat down upon his knee and wrapped her arms around his 
shoulders. Sasami looked at the pair of them. 
<They're so happy together. This could ruin them, but they have 
to know.> the girl thought. "Trinth. My father contacted me this 
morning. He's on his way here."
"Ah. What news did Azuza have for you?" Trinth asked blithely. 
"You don't have to go home, do you?" Mihoshi blurted out. "I 
don't want you to go. Especially not before the wedding."  
"Mihoshi, I'm not going anywhere I don't think." Sasami said, 
trying to reassure the blonde. "It's just that my father, and now Baron 
Teylono, have told me about who I'm to be married to." 
"Another suitor?" Trinth asked wearily. I'd honestly think that 
Azuza would have recognized the hopelessness of that search. I 
certainly hope he can do better than that foppish twit Seriyo. 
Honestly, what standard has he set for you girls."
"That's just it, Trinth." Sasami started. "He did pick someone 
better. Someone a whole lot better who I already care an awful lot 
about." Mihoshi's curiosity was piqued. 
"Who is it?" she asked excitedly. "Can you tell me? Come on, tell 
us Sasami." The young princess hesitated, then, emboldened by her 
desire to resolve the issue as quickly as possible, spoke in a clear 
and steady voice. 
"My father told me that I am arranged to marry you, Trinth." Her 
words were met with blank stares from Mihoshi and Trinth. They had been 
totally unprepared for that piece of news.
"This is one of your famous jokes, isn't it Atore?" Trinth asked 
quickly. The Lucidian slowly shook his head. "Please tell me this is a 
joke, old friend. You have me quite concerned now." 
"I wish it wasn't Trinth." Atore said quietly. "I truly do." 
Trinth's face twisted into an outraged glare. His whole body tensed 
just as it had before his khen match with Cryttibaum. His eyes locked 
coldly onto his compatriot and he spoke in a dark, hushed voice. 
"Teylono. What part did you play in this foolishness?" He asked 
fiercely. Very calmly, the Lucidian answered him. 
"I acted as the third party witness to make the betrothal 
official." In a flash, the Calab was gripping Atore by the throat. He 
held him above the table in one hand, squeezing the breath out of the 
Lucidian's lungs. Mihoshi cried out in shock and Sasami backed away 
from the table. Neither wished to interrupt the infuriated Archduke.
"I'd expect this sort of hare-brained idiocy from Azuza, but not 
you. You who were amongst my most valued of comrades." Trinth continued 
his hold on Atore as he ranted. "You, Atore. Of all those I would 
expect to interfere with my goings-on never were you suspected." Trinth 
threw his comrade into his chair. "Who was the third involved in this 
wretched conspiracy? What foolish person dared believe themselves 
higher than myself in deciding my fate?" 
"It was I, dear brother." A small voice called from the doorway 
to the kitchen. Trinth turned on his heels to view his sister walking 
over to Sasami. "Emperor Azuza and I came to the agreement on the 
betrothal." The Duchess knelt in front of Sasami and cupped the younger 
princess's cheek. "It was never meant to be this way. I apologize, dear 
sister, for the shock and regret this situation is causing."
"Do not begin welcome the princess as family so quickly, Trinay." 
Trinth roared, causing his sister to immediately stand to face him. "As 
Azuza is to be here within days, I will personally address him on this 
matter. I will not accept this betrothal on these terms." Trinth 
finished his statement with a sweeping gesture of his hand and stormed 
out of the kitchen, bumping into Ayeka as he left. He glared at her as 
he regained his balance. "You should be proud of your father, 
Princess." He sneered. "He managed to disrupt a perfectly blissful 
situation in advance." With that, the Calab noble swept past the 
confused Juraiin and strode out of the front door. The sharp slamming 
sound of the door punctuated his departure. Sasami ran over to Mihoshi 
and looked up into the blonde's eyes. 
"Mihoshi, are you upset?" she asked pleadingly. The Cyrnian shook 
her head.
"I don't know how to feel about this." Mihoshi said, slightly 
confused at the morning's occurrences. "It's all so sudden. I don't 
know enough about this sort of thing." Atore stood and rubbed the 
bruised areas on his neck. 
"I should have expected this from Milodon." He mused. The 
Lucidian looked over to Trinay. She was rigid with fear from her 
brother's ferocity. <Damn it, Trinth. Why'd you have to be so hard on 
her? Isn't Trinay fragile enough? > Teylono rose and crossed over to 
her. She turned to him and attempted to confer her regret on the 
matter. With every stammering start of a word, the Baron saw the tears 
building in her eyes. He put a finger to her lips and wrapped his arms 
around her. Gently cradling her as if she were a daughter to him. "I 
understand." He whispered to her as he led her back to her room. <The 
past is a brutal thing. > Atore thought as he escorted the Duchess 
Trinay back to her quarters. 

"Aren't you looking forward to seeing the girls again, Misaki?" 
Empress Funaho asked her co-wife as they sat in their chambers aboard 
their husband's flagship. Both were enthused by Azuza's decision to go 
to Earth after announcing his plans to marry off Sasami to Milodon. "It 
has been quite some time."
"Of course I want to see them." Misaki said gleefully. "It's been 
ages since I saw my daughters last. And now that Sasami is to be wed I 
can't wait to get to Earth."
"I take it that the fact that Archduke Milodon is to be her 
husband does not concern you." Funaho stated as she remembered the 
demeanor of the Calab. 
"Ohhh, Trinth's harmless." Misaki said, obviously not sharing her 
co-wife's apprehension. "He just likes to cut loose occasionally." 
Funaho rolled her eyes.
"I think that some of his actions are a bit outside of 
acceptable." She said, affirming her standing on Azuza's choice.
"Are you still holding a grudge about what happened when we were 
visiting him and Teylono on Lucidia?" Misaki asked playfully, leaning 
on the bulkhead next to where Funaho was sitting. The human empress's 
eyes opened widely and she looked up towards Misaki's tremendous grin. 
Funaho blushed fiercely.
"I think the two of them have forgotten that particular event." 
Funaho said as she attempted to hide her embarrassment. Misaki laughed 
heartily 
"We'll see when we get to Earth. Won't we?" She said, nudging 
Funaho's shoulder as she crossed the room to her bed. As she sat down, 
their husband entered the chambers. 
"At the moment we are entering Earth's solar system." He 
announced. Misaki sat up and looked to him. 
"How long now?" she asked excitedly. 
"Approximately seven hours." Azuza responded automatically. "I am 
confident that Milodon will cooperate with us when it comes to the 
betrothal." Funaho chuckled cynically at this statement. "Why do you 
laugh?" The Emperor asked, puzzled at his wife's humor.
"Quite simply, I'm laughing at your failure to remember the 
character of Archduke Milodon, dear husband." Funaho answered in a 
mirthful voice. "You never informed him of your agreement with the 
Duchess, Trinay. He isn't likely to be very receptive of the 
betrothal." Azuza began pacing back and forth along the length of his 
wives' chambers. His fingers stroked the ends of his beard as he 
pondered his response.
"Trinth Milodon is first and foremost a member of the nobility of 
this Empire." Azuza stated firmly. "Even if he disagrees with the 
arrangement, he will see it as his duty to comply." Azuza stopped his 
pacing and turned his thoughtful gaze towards the ceiling. "I doubt 
that there will be any trouble from Archduke Milodon. He's a reasonable 
man and a true gentleman." Azuza looked to his wives for their 
reactions. Neither one showed signs of disagreement. Nor did they 
appear to agree. Seeing this as the case, the Juraiin Emperor turned to 
the door and proceeded to return to the bridge of the ship. After all, 
it was only a mere seven hours until his arrival upon Earth.

"I swear Azuza will be getting a good piece of my mind when he 
arrives on Earth!" Trinth Milodon was shouting. The Archduke was livid 
upon being informed of his impending marriage. "Does no one realize the 
idiocy of this? Can anyone explain to me the good this does?" Trinth 
had reserved his rant for within the walls of his own home. He knew he 
couldn't breakdown as he was doing now in the presence of the others. 
At the very least, it would be improper. "I can't begin to imagine what 
must be going through Princess Sasami's mind at this moment. The little 
darling, she does not deserve this sort of madness." 
Trinth walked over to his mantle and picked up his copy of 
Misaki's photograph of himself playing in the Juraiin Royal Gardens 
with the little princess. His fingers lightly brushed the image of 
himself, the great knight Trinth Milodon in full traditional Calab 
regalia, giving the second heir to Jurai's throne pony rides. "I 
remember that day." He said mildly, chuckling at the memory. "I was 
negotiating a trade tariff reduction on goods from Calaban with the 
Juraiin consulate. I stopped to visit with the royal family before the 
meeting. I ended up getting there late as I played too long with the 
girls." Trinth laughed softly and placed the picture back in its place 
on the mantle. "I even made my entrance with grass stains on my 
breeches and a rather large tear in my cape." Another picture caught 
his eye. It was a picture of a very young Sasami, this one taken aboard 
the Gilded Talon. He shut his eyes as he tried to recollect the day of 
the picture. "I recall that event as well. That was the anniversary of 
the Talon's christening. But why is it Sasami is in the picture as 
well." He scrutinized the photo closer. The Princess was standing next 
to the ship's name plaque. Each Calab warship had one of those ancient 
pieces aboard them. It was one of the few un-broken traditions of 
Calaban. The plaques contained the name of the ship, an image of the 
Falcon of the Milodon family, and the date the ship was christened. 
"There's something more to that date. I wish I could remember." Trinth 
gazed into the picture as he tried to come up with what made that date 
so much more special. Suddenly, it dawned upon him. That had been the 
first celebration of the Gilded Talon's existence he had attended and 
he knew exactly why. Immediately, Trinth rushed out of his house and 
down the path to the hangar. 
When Trinth arrived at the Gilded Talon's berth, he found that he 
had not been alone in his impulse to go to the ship. He found that 
Sasami was already there, staring up at the ship and wiping the odd 
tear from her eyes.
"I suppose it helps occasionally to be around someone your age, 
Dearheart." The Archduke said to her from his position across the 
hangar. Sasami gasped and looked to where Trinth was standing.
"Archduke Milodon?" she practically yelped. "What're you doing 
here?" Trinth walked towards her, running his fingers along the 
smoothly sculpted hull of the battle cruiser.
"I didn't think I needed much of a reason to visit my ship. I've 
never quite shown it the attention necessary. I was even away on its 
christening attending to other, more important, business." Trinth 
stated as he looked over the surface to locate the ship's plaque. 
Sasami looked up at him. 
"A ship's christening is pretty important on Calaban. Isn't it?" 
The small princess asked.
"Yes."
"Then what took you away from the Talon's christening?" Sasami 
questioned. Trinth shut his eyes and took her hand in his. He placed 
her hand atop the inscription of the ship's christening date. He slowly 
opened his eyes and looked down into her wide pink eyes. Watching as 
the facts became clear to her. 
"I could never have missed your birth for the birth of a ship, no 
matter how prestigious a starship it is." He stated. "In fact, it was a 
good two-hundred Earth years before I could celebrate my ship's 
birthday." Trinth knelt down in front of the girl so that he could be 
at eye level with her. "Dearheart, I don't know what your father is 
thinking but I'll set him right." The knight wrapped his arms around 
her and spoke to her in a calm, soothing voice. "I have many a fond 
memory of you, young princess. I wish not to sully those memories with 
your father and my sister's foolishness." The Calab's words washed over 
the princess's ears as the sea's waves lap at the shore. They carried 
with them the reassurance, the security that had been lacking in the 
statements of Baron Teylono and Duchess Trinay. Quietly, Sasami began 
to cry the tears of distress that she had wanted to shed since the 
first news of the arrangement had reached her ears. Tears she had 
withheld to avoid worrying the others. Tears she shared only with her 
betrothed. 

The whir of starship engines filled the air above the grounds of 
the Masaki Shrine once again upon the morning after Sasami received the 
announcement of her betrothal. This time, the ship was a Juraiin 
shuttle bearing the royal family of Jurai. Those who dwelled within the 
grounds of the shrine gathered in the hangar to greet the arrivals. 
They stood in tense silence, awaiting the appearance of the royal 
family from within the ship. All eyes focused upon the doors of the 
shuttle as they slowly slid open. 
"Hello everyone." Misaki called out cheerily as she saw the group 
standing in the hangar. "It's so good to see you again." The empress 
quickly rushed down the shuttle's exit ramp and towards her daughters. 
Eagerly, she hugged the princesses close to herself. "It's been so 
long. So very long." She said dramatically.
"Mommy?" Sasami spoke up in the midst of the embrace. "I was 
wondering about the arranged marriage between Tr~"
"Not now, my daughter." Misaki said lovingly, cutting off her 
daughter mid-sentence. "Please, not now. We have the whole trip to 
discuss that." 
"I wouldn't expect you to need to deal with it at all, Misaki." 
Trinth spoke curtly. All eyes shifted to his still form. He was leaning 
against one of the Gilded Talon's landing struts. His arms were crossed 
over his chest and his gaze was unsettlingly spiteful. "It's you, 
Azuza, whom I believe should be repairing this grossly idiotic 
situation." The Calab Archduke strode to the base of the shuttle's 
ramp. The sound of his boots clapping against the floor of the hangar 
sent ominous chills down the spines of those present. All those 
present, excepting Mihoshi. "Now then," he stated fiercely, glaring up 
towards the Juraiin emperor. "Azuza, you and I have much to discuss. I 
will speak to you in private."
"Archduke Milodon, I would like to speak to my daughter 
beforehand." Azuza inferred as he started to walk down the ramp. Trinth 
intercepted him halfway down. 
"Do not make me grow impatient with you, Azuza!" the Calab 
ordered. He grabbed the emperor's arm and drew one of his daggers. 
"Archduke Milodon!" Funaho cried out in shock. "I cannot believe 
how uncouth you are being." The empress walked past both her husband 
and the outraged knight. "Honestly, your once impeccable manners have 
somehow left your being since I last saw you. Since when have you ever 
been boorish?" The burning anger Trinth had been displaying shifted to 
meek embarrassment. Funaho joined Trinay at the base of the ramp and 
chuckled slightly and whispered to the Calab Duchess. "Your brother 
never was partial to making an ass of himself." Trinay laughed quietly 
and bowed to the Juraiin Empress. 
"I whole-heartedly agree, Empress Funaho." She said mirthfully as 
she and Funaho began walking towards the hangar entrance. "Do I find 
you well after your voyage? I believe you may wish to rest. " She asked 
as they walked away from the group. The others followed suit, leaving 
Trinth and Azuza to themselves. Trinth sheathed his dagger and turned 
away from the Emperor.
"I apologize for being so rash." Trinth said formally. "I'm sure 
you can understand the state I'm in." Azuza put a hand on the knight's 
shoulder and began walking out of the hangar. 
"I accept your apology." Azuza said stiffly. "I can realize how 
distressing this sort of thing can be. Rest assured we will fully 
discuss the matter and I'm sure you will see the logic in my decision." 
With that, Azuza departed the Archduke's company.

Inside the Masaki home, many a conversation was taking place. 
Though the participants varied, the topic seemingly never changed. 
Always, the discussion centered upon the odd situation of Trinth, 
Mihoshi, and Sasami. At the moment, Empress Misaki was sitting upon 
Mihoshi's bed speaking with the Cyrnian girl about her impending 
marriage to Archduke Milodon. 
"I'm honestly very, very happy for you and Trinth." Misaki was 
saying. "It's so wonderful that the two of you are so in love." 
"We are in love." Mihoshi agreed. "I love him more than anyone 
I've ever met before and I know he feels the same about me. That's what 
makes our marriage so special." Mihoshi paused and lowered her voice. 
"I don't think Trinth would ever marry anyone he wasn't completely in 
love with." Misaki looked at the apprehensive expression on Mihoshi's 
face and then looked down at the floor. 
"You don't think he loves Sasami, do you?" She asked sadly. 
"I think he does but not the way he loves me." Mihoshi answered 
slowly, taking time to plan each word carefully. "I mean, Trinth cares 
very much about me and he cares the same amount for Sasami. But he 
cares about us for different reasons." The blonde-haired girl edged 
closer to the empress and took the empress's hands in her own. "There 
are things Trinth would never imagine doing with Sasami. But, at the 
same time, I think Trinth feels a certain way around Sasami that he 
doesn't feel around me. Does this make any sense to you?" Misaki nodded 
and wiped a tear out the corner of her eye.   
"He really did choose a good wife when he called khen against 
your suitor, Mihoshi. I know what you're trying to tell me. It's just 
that I want the best for my girls. Ayeka has her heart set on Tenchi 
and that pursuit is what is satisfying her desires. Yet, I have my 
doubts about Sasami, particularly now that she is nearing womanhood. 
Admit it, since you aren't one of the girls obsessing over him, 
romantic interest in Tenchi leaves you unfulfilled." Mihoshi hung her 
head and remained silent. "It was only through the most amazing of 
circumstances that you found your true love. The chances of that 
happening to Sasami are slim to none. I can't allow my little girl's 
life to be a lonely and loveless one. I just can't." 
"So you like the idea of Sasami marrying Trinth?" Mihoshi asked. 
"Not particularly." Misaki answered, laughing mildly as she did. 
"These circumstances aren't what I had in mind. But Archduke Milodon is 
a man of excellent character and I think would make a good husband to 
both of his wives."
"You mean I could still be his wife" Mihoshi practically yelped. 
She clutched her hands in front of herself and looked pleadingly at the 
empress. Misaki laughed mildly and put her hands on the blonde's 
shoulders.
"Mihoshi, not only will you still be Trinth's wife but you will 
also be one of my daughters." She said happily as she hugged the girl 
close to herself. "I'm so happy. Now I'll have three beautiful 
daughters to love forever." Misaki said dramatically. Mihoshi smiled 
broadly at this, then paused and thought a bit before posing another 
question. 
"Empress Misaki, does that mean you don't think Trinth will try 
to get out of marrying Sasami?" she asked, slightly anxious about the 
ramifications of her question.
"I doubt it." Misaki said immediately. She balanced her cheek on 
her fingers for a moment, and then continued. "I might need to explain 
that. Yes, Trinth may be displeased with the idea of marrying Sasami 
and he most likely would prefer that he was not forced into such a 
scenario. He will question Azuza on his reasons for arranging the 
betrothal, but he certainly would never openly protest. He'd think it 
would be" Misaki hesitated to stifle a giggle, "improper conduct for a 
nobleman." At this she burst into laughter. Mihoshi was puzzled at the 
sight of the second Juraiin empress rolling on the bed, clutching her 
sides while laughing her head off.
"Umm, Empress Misaki?" Mihoshi squeaked. "What's so funny?"  
Misaki sat up and wiped a tear from her eye as she attempted to regain 
composure. 
"Just the past." She said, still giggling. "Trinth wasn't always 
the upstanding figure of righteousness he is now. There was a time" 
Misaki stopped herself before she continued. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't be 
the one to tell you about that, especially if Trinth hasn't told you 
yet. Just wait until all this has cleared up then ask him about his 
earlier years. I tell you one thing, you'll hear some pretty 
interesting stories."

While Misaki was enjoying her conversation with Mihoshi, a far 
less amiable one was taking place in the Masaki home's living room. 
This discussion's participants were Ryoko and Baron Teylono. Need it be 
said that Ryoko was at best upset at the Lucidian's involvement in the 
betrothal.
"Of all the brainless, idiotic and downright stupid things I've 
seen a guy do, this ranks at the top." Ryoko shouted at the seated 
nobleman. "I thought you were the most level-headed of all the knights 
I've run across. This sort of blows that theory out of the water." 
Ryoko placed her hands on her hips and cast an accusing glare at Atore. 
The knight was unfazed as he calmly lit one of his Lucky Strikes. He 
drew in a deep, thoughtful puff and watched the smoke rise as he slowly 
exhaled. Without looking towards her, he responded courteously to the 
space pirate's angry comments.
"Do not judge lest ye be judged, my dear lady." He spoke in his 
smooth Italian accented voice. "I made choices in the past that are 
irreversable. Do I regret them, but of course. However, I do not dwell 
over them. Particularly, when the situation has been taken out of my 
hands."
"You are such a callous prick!" Ryoko screamed. "When Trinth had 
to battle Droft you stood by and watched. Now his happy marriage to 
Mihoshi is about to go to the dogs and again, you sit back and wait for 
everything to work itself out. This requires action you imbecile!" The 
cyan haired woman bent over Atore and stared into his dull green eyes. 
"This is your doing, fix it!" Atore brushed Ryoko out of his way and 
stood up. He excitedly waved about his cigarette with a flourish as he 
spoke. His aloof calm had been broken by the pirate's incendiary 
remarks. 
"You honestly believe this is entirely my idea?" He shouted 
incredulously. "Speak with Azuza. He'll tell you whose mind came up 
with this ludicrous plan. Or better yet, reserve your harshness for his 
co-conspirator, Duchess Trinay." Ryoko looked away from the impassioned 
Lucidian. "I see your meekness. You couldn't bear to yell at her, could 
you? Neither could I several hundred years ago. That's how I was 
dragged into this. I couldn't deny her request that I act as witness to 
the arrangement." Atore inhaled his cigarette once more and rubbed his 
forehead. "Have I changed your verdict, Ryoko? Or have you already 
passed sentence?" he asked sharply. The Lucidian turned his back to the 
speechless Ryoko and grabbed his jacket. "What does it matter, anyway?" 
he said indignantly. "Any punishment you could come up with would 
change nothing for me." He opened the front door to the house and 
looked up towards the night sky. "I'll do my penance when I die." With 
that, he walked off into the night back to his car. He flicked away his 
cigarette as he left, leaving Ryoko to watch its bright orange trail in 
silence. 
"Damn him." She whispered into the night. "Damn him for being 
right."

Trinth Milodon was a man who, while he enjoyed the company of 
others immensely, treasured occasional solitude. He particularly was 
fond of being left alone when he needed time to ponder a crisis in his 
life. Now, as night fell around him, he stood alone in the clearing 
where Mihoshi and himself had first kissed, the very spot where he had 
first understood his own affections for the girl. He stood upon that 
spot and looked out towards the nothingness of the dark. He could feel 
the ominous shadows of fading daylight and encroaching despair, as they 
grew tall as he in the night. 
'Why' is known as the eternal question. It is 'why' that drives 
the numerous races of the universe to dissect every iota of matter and 
thought down to its unforeseen root. It is 'why' that spawns both 
religion and science, and it is 'why' that shall never be answered. For 
the question 'why' can only be given answers that result in the 
repetition of 'why' and thus, the question lingers for eternity. Yet 
still, beings are inclined to make their first and last question about 
anything 'why'. Just as Archduke Trinth Milodon was doing that night, 
asking the question 'why'. As his mind shouted the question to the 
heavens and forced its resonance in the rock of the Earth, a fellow 
being on the quest for answers found him in his blanket of solitude. 
This was Emperor Azuza Jurai, the precise man whom had forced upon 
Milodon the subject that created the need to answer 'why'. 
"I hope I am not disturbing you, Milodon." Azuza spoke formally. 
"I was wondering if I might have a moment of your time?"
"Quite a bit more than you gave me when it came time to gather 
opinions of your proposal to marry Sasami to myself." Trinth replied 
curtly.
"I may be deserving of your scorn, Milodon. Tsunami knows we are 
equals of rank and therefore we can reveal to each other our true 
thoughts." The Juraiin said thoughtfully. "I will be honest with you if 
you will show me the same courtesy." 
"In other words, you wish to dispose of the formalities." Spoke 
Trinth. "Very well then. I shall begin by stating the obvious. I happen 
to think that what you have done is a truly definitive example of how 
to be pompous, foolhardy, and meddlesome."
"That was a fair statement." Azuza replied calmly. "I am partial 
to the idea that you are being entirely impulsive and are making rash 
judgments without receiving all of the facts."
"I am to marry your daughter Sasami, who is naught but a child 
based on a centuries old betrothal arranged by yourself and my sister. 
What more do I need to know, Azuza?" Trinth asked fiercely. 
"Perhaps, my reasons for requesting that Sasami be your bride?" 
Azuza asked gently. Trinth locked eyes with him immediately. Knowing 
that he had the Calab's full attention. Azuza decided to tell him the 
full truth. "I can see that you wish to have that information. Very 
well then, I'll proceed."
"I don't know if you recall the day, Milodon, but it was one of 
the days you and Yosho spent loafing about the Juraiin royal palace. 
That particular day you had chosen to go out into the garden. I believe 
your intent was to, ahem, make a pass at one of the maidens who tend to 
the flower beds?" Trinth blushed a bit while Azuza continued. "I recall 
the day's events vividly, you had either failed in your attempts to woo 
the young girl, or had not found her to your liking. Yes, Milodon, I 
have heard the tales of your off-color exploits. In any case, as you 
walked back towards the palace, you came across my second wife, Misaki. 
She was taking her midday walk through the gardens and you decided to 
follow along. As you did this, a wild beast of sorts came charging 
through the hedgerows and leapt at my wife. Immediately, I saw you tear 
into it with your daggers, slicing into it with incredible spite and an 
intensity I had never seen within you in battle. I could scarcely 
believe my eyes. I rushed out into the gardens to speak with you and my 
wife. You were crouched at her side, checking to be sure she had 
escaped the ordeal with not so much as a misplaced hair. Never had I 
seen someone take so much care with a woman as you did with Misaki that 
day in the gardens. I recall asking you later why you had been so 
passionate in defending her when you knew she was fully capable of 
rendering the beast unconscious with one kick. Do you recall your reply 
to that question?" 
"No, Azuza, I do believe I've forgotten that." Trinth stated 
intently.
 "You stated in a somewhat confused but still cocky voice that 
'For some reason, it felt as if I had been protecting someone even more 
important myself than Empress Misaki.' I held that comment in total awe 
for quite some time afterwards. For you see, at that time, Misaki was 
carrying Sasami in her womb." Trinth's mind reeled in shock. He could 
hardly believe this news. That day's events came back to him. Azuza 
still had more to tell. 
"No one knew about her being with child at that time beyond 
myself and Funaho. He robes hid the pregnancy from the rest of the 
Empire. Ayeka's birth had been an incredibly publicized event. Misaki 
had wanted Sasami's birth to be more of a family affair. But when you 
made that statement, and after watching the way you handled Misaki, I 
knew that you and that child would share a special kinship. Indeed you 
did. Do not think that I hadn't noticed how you spoiled the girl on 
your visits. I saw the way you cared for her, the way you protected 
her. Damn it man, you missed the christening of your own battle cruiser 
to be at her birth. When I decided that Sasami should marry, I knew 
immediately that I wanted her to have a husband whose care for her 
would know no boundaries. Naturally, I thought of the one nobleman 
outside of our family to whom she was most fond and returned that 
fondness. I thought of you, Trinth Milodon." Azuza paused to let Trinth 
absorb all of what he had been told before explaining anything further. 
"You see Trinth, I came to this conclusion while you were still 
in your period of rampant hedonism. I could not allow Sasami to marry 
you then even though you would have been much more partial to the idea 
then than now." Trinth nodded in agreement. "I devised a plan. I 
discussed your love life with your sister Trinay. I expressed concern 
for you and the fact that you deserved a good wife. I had no idea that 
Trinay would have been so easily swayed. The girl began sobbing and 
telling me that she wished you could have someone at your side at all 
times. She kept repeating something about marriages being beautiful 
things. In any case, I suggested Sasami as a bride for you. Trinay drew 
up the paperwork and brought forth Baron Teylono as a witness. And 
thus, you were betrothed to Princess Sasami." Azuza drew back and 
awaited Trinth's reply. Surprisingly, Milodon's response was muted and 
thoughtful.
"I can see that you actually were interested in the welfare of 
your daughter in this case. Perhaps, I was a bit hasty in my view of 
the situation." The Calab's voice regained its sharp edge quickly as he 
continued. "However, none of this changes the fact that Sasami is still 
a child, nor the fact that I am not entertaining any romantic delusions 
about her and I. It is simply not a matter of my disliking the 
situation. That is of no consequence. What is of consequence is the 
impropriety of what you are suggesting. I cannot share my bed with a 
girl as physically young as Sasami and I certainly cannot share said 
bed with Sasami and Mihoshi. It is completely inappropriate." Trinth 
turned to face Azuza fully. Both men stood tall and proud. With the 
moonlight glinting from their noble brows, they spoke the last words of 
the discussion of the matter of Sasami.  
"I will only ask this once of you, Azuza. Annul the betrothal."
"That I cannot do."
"Then I accept Sasami's hand in marriage. Now leave me peace, I 
have much to concentrate on." Azuza did as the Calab Archduke 
requested, and left him in the clearing once more in solitude to ponder 
the eternal question.
Why?

"This is far too much to take!" Milodon cried out to the 
nighttime sky. "Grand Falcon, how am I to deal with this?" The knight 
knelt in the clearing as his body tired from lack of sleep. "Answer me 
Falcon! Please give your intervention and spare Sasami and I from this 
fate." The Calab paused before he continued, as if awaiting a response 
from his god. Hearing no words but his own, Trinth closed his eyes and 
drew his daggers in front of himself. Once more, he began the 
incantation that had served him when his soul was troubled. "Falcon's 
eye. Falcon's beak. Falcon hear me as I speak. Falcon's feathers, 
Falcon's tail. Falcon guide me down life's trail." His voice strained 
with pent up emotion as the verses continued. Still, he kept his eyes 
closed and he forced out the ancient words. "Falcon's claw, Falcon's 
wing. Falcon's praises I shall sing. Falcon's screech, Falcon's flight. 
Falcon grant me the- DAMN IT ALL!" Trinth stood up and stabbed his 
daggers into the nearest tree. "Damn you, Falcon. Answer my prayers. 
Give me guidance. Help me!" Still no answer came to the Calab. In this, 
his time of utmost need, he could find no solace in the faith of the 
ancient savior of his race. "If you cannot provide assistance, then I 
shall seek help from those who can." Trinth swore to his god. He 
removed his daggers from the tree and strode away, calmly reciting 
another incantation, one he hadn't planned on speaking ever again.
"Need I speak your name aloud?
Shall I rejoice in your body divine? 
Might my questions your noble brow cloud?
I await thee, oh goddess mine."
His body began to diffuse as he walked. Slowly, he felt himself 
slipping from reality. He viewed this and wryly smiled. "I knew it, she 
still cannot resist shoddy poetry." Once more, Trinth Milodon found 
himself in the presence of his old flame.
"I knew eventually you'd seek me out, lovey." Tsunami said 
sweetly. "Please, make yourself comfortable." The goddess floated over 
to where Trinth had seated himself and settled down beside him. She 
then leaned over onto her elbow and turned a knowing look over to the 
Calab. "So what is it you wish to know about your impending marriage?" 
She asked innocently.
"Believe or not, Tsunami, I am seeking advice." Trinth confessed 
as he assumed a more laid back position. "You know full well how I feel 
about Sasami. How in the world am I supposed to discard all of those 
emotions and treat her as a proper wife? Or, worse yet, as a lover?" 
Tsunami shut her eyes and nodded in acknowledgement. Then she stood and 
faced Trinth. 
"You may not know it, but you already have treated Sasami as a 
lover and as a wife." Tsunami stated. Trinth's face contorted into a 
perfect figure of confusion. Seeing this, Tsunami quickly rethought her 
course of action. "Apparently, merely telling you will not suffice. If 
you will wait one moment, I shall show you exactly what I mean." 
Tsunami stepped back from the knight and tilted her head skyward. 
An eerie wind began to blow throughout the ship. The goddess's robes 
swayed in the wind, flapping and waving as the wings of a bird do. A 
bright blue light began to surround her. It glowed fiercely and 
consumed her body, completely enveloping her in a sapphire aura. Trinth 
watched in awe as her light-encased body floated ever higher. She 
stopped and gradually, sank back to the deck of the ship. The outline 
of her figure began to diffuse and separate. The Calab could not 
believe his eyes. As she sank lower, it appeared as if she had been 
spilt. The blue light dissipated and Tsunami slumped to the deck 
alongside a second, much smaller figure. Trinth rushed over to the 
goddess and knelt alongside her. 
"Tsunami. What have you done?" he asked her as she lifted herself 
from the deck. 
"I should have remembered how difficult that is." She said wryly, 
panting from near exhaustion. "I don't think I can keep this up for 
very long Trinth. Go over there and talk to your wife." A blank look 
crossed Trinth's face then he solemnly nodded and ran over to the 
smaller figure. She sat up and looked at him sadly. Trinth scrutinized 
her face. There was something different. Besides the unhappy frown that 
had no place on her dimpled cheeks, it seemed there was just something 
that was unusual. 
"Dearheart? Is that you?" he asked quickly.
"It is but it isn't, Trinth." She said meekly. The small girl 
looked down towards the deck. Ashamedly, she continued. "There's 
something about us you don't know. I think you should have known it a 
long time ago."
"Sasami, there's nothing new I need to know about Tsunami. What I 
need to know how to treat you. You're practically family to me, how can 
I be a true husband to you?" Tsunami walked over to Sasami and put her 
hands on the girl's shoulders. 
"Trinth," the goddess said mildly. "Take a good look at the pair 
of us. I think that you'll find the answer quite quickly if you do." 
Trinth's eyes shifted from goddess to princess. At first, nothing came 
to mind. True, they did share a few physical similarities. Both had 
blue hair and the same large pink eyes, but so did numerous Juraiins. 
Trinth looked again and gasped. Their foreheads, the answer was upon 
their very brows. Trinth new full well that Sasami's royal markings 
were a part of her, not mere make-up as on other members of the royal 
family. She couldn't change them on a whim. Yet this time, they were 
different. Sasami's forehead was marked with a simple pair of dots, 
exactly the same as Tsunami's. 
"What sort of mischief are you engaging in Tsunami?" Trinth 
gasped. "This is no laughing matter. Tell me what is going on." 
"We are assimilated." Sasami spoke up. "We have been since I 
nearly died during Ryoko's attack on Jurai." Trinth was ashen with 
shock. The knight could feel his heartbeat quicken from the surprise of 
the news. He reeled as he realized one blunt fact; his romance with 
Tsunami had been two hundred years after that event! 
"It cannot be." He murmured, his voice near silenced with shock. 
"You are Sasami?" he questioned, pointing a shaky finger at the 
goddess.
"In the future, Sasami will have this form. In truth, it was 
always hers. I merely use it." Tsunami answered gently. She walked over 
to the trembling Calab and wrapped her arms around his waist. She 
sighed and shut her eyes as she whispered in a tone both longing and 
contented into his ear. "You have loved us both in ways neither one of 
us could fully understand relative to the other at the moment. I have 
experienced pleasures at your hand that were indescribable. Sasami 
knows your warmth and caring better than anyone else." Tsunami kissed 
Trinth's cheek lightly and smiled at him. Her countenance exhibited 
fully the large amount of affection she had for the knight, and yet, 
worry was also apparent in her gaze. She knew what would come next, 
there were few moments left for her in this form. Milodon caught this 
in her eyes.
"Tsunami, what is wrong?" he asked. The goddess began a response, 
but immediately, Trinth felt her body go limp in his arms. At the same 
time, Sasami slumped to the deck. "By the Falcon." He cried as the 
women's forms wilted as if roses in the full summer sun. "Tsunami, what 
be this? What ails the pair of you, oh love mine?" Tsunami weakly 
looked up to see Trinth's worrisome gaze shifting from her to her 
counterpart. In an instant she recognized the speech of Trinth's glory 
days returning to him. With whatever power remained within the frail 
mortal form she donned in his presence, she spoke to him.
"It feels so wonderful to hear you call me that again." She said 
brokenly. "I had to separate from Sasami to explain to you. You had to 
know about her, about me. But I cannot do this for much longer." The 
goddess caressed the noble's cheek with the back of her hand. Her 
fingers traced the subtle curve of his lips as if she was trying to 
scan them into her memory. "I want Sasami to know everything about you. 
Let my last experience of you in this form be one where I will know 
you." Trinth carried the fading goddess over to Sasami's side and laid 
her down gently.
"Do not speak of your passing. It shall not happen. Your recovery 
will be short in coming. I can assure you that." He stated, attempting 
to reassure her. She smiled wryly. 
"No, lovey, my time is all but done. Sasami and I have been one 
for too long. We are very much a part of each other. Our initial 
assimilation sustained her life. Now, we are symbiotic. In order for 
tonight's events to occur, I had to release my own energy into her 
being to sustain us both as separates long enough for you to realize 
our reality." Tsunami looked over to the young princess and clasped her 
hand. "Now, to preserve us both, we shall carry out what was to be all 
along. We shall fully unite." A solitary tear ran down Milodon's cheek 
as he listened to Tsunami. "Trinth, this is what was intended all 
along." She continued. "Don't you see, with this marriage the three 
most powerful empires within the Galactic Empire will be under one 
ruler, Sasami's daughter. Without Mihoshi, you never would have faced 
Cryttibaum and gained control of Cyrn. Without Cryttibaum's death, your 
betrothal to Sasami would have been long forgotten. Without the 
betrothal, Sasami and I could never have been placed in a situation 
where we could fully unite." Tsunami smiled at Trinth and then turned 
to Sasami. "With these events, the Great Rejoicing will occur. 
Universal peace will be the benefit of the joining of you to Trinth and 
to Mihoshi." Sasami nodded and shut her eyes.
"I'm ready when you are, Tsunami." She said bravely. Instantly, 
Tsunami shut her eyes and faced skywards.
"Then let it begin." She said solemnly. Trinth was in awe. What 
was becoming of them? Both would exist now but neither would exist and 
what would be the summation of their parts? So many questions ran 
through his mind. There was no time to answer them, though. He would 
have to watch, and be patient. 

Trinth remembered little of what the assimilation had been like. 
All that was clear of it in his memory was the one thing Sasami had 
said before it had begun.
"I'll still be your Dearheart, Trinth. I might change, but we 
won't be all that different."
After that it had been a whirlwind of color, light and energy. At 
times, he thought he had seen Tsunami, at others, Sasami. Various other 
forms had graced his vision of the experience. At the moment though, he 
was simply gazing on the lovely being his eyes had fixated on. The 
appearance was that of Tsunami, but there was something amiss. As if 
this truly wasn't the goddess. What was apparent was that she was 
radiant, her body slender and elegant. And her eyes, her eyes were that 
same pink as ever but now they shimmered with the wisdom of ages of 
existence and the clarity of innocence but how to speak to her? Should 
he address her with the awe deserving of a goddess, the romantic 
caresses of a lover, or the loving affections of an elder family 
member? He remained speechless. He did not even know what to call her. 
As if reading his thoughts, this new being sat reached up to him and 
traced his lips with her fingers. 
"Trinth, may I learn of the sensations I am told these lips can 
induce?" she asked, half amused, half longingly. Trinth pulled her up 
to him, and kissed her fully, he wept as he pressed his lips to hers. 
Not out of sadness, but of joy. He knew who this was. 
"My little Dearheart. My second wife." He said lovingly. "It is 
you. Never before did I think this could be." The Calab hugged her 
tightly. Now she could indeed be his. Truthfully, she had been his all 
along. <Quite sly, Tsunami. Indeed, you never have been too subtle in 
getting what you're after. > He thought as he clutched his second wife 
to his chest. 
"Goddesses shouldn't have to wait." Sasami said softly. Surprise, 
then laughter came in response from Trinth as he lifted her up into his 
arms. 
"No they shouldn't, and nor should the sister's of goddesses. I 
think Mihoshi will be quite interested to learn about this most recent 
chain of events." She said happily. Trinth could already see that 
Tsunami's wit had transferred into Sasami's new being. It hadn't 
occurred to him to consider how the others would react when they saw 
that the little princess had matured almost three hundred years in one 
night, but at the moment that didn't concern him. At least, not 
everyone's opinion mattered right away. Primarily, he was wondering 
about the empresses and Ayeka. He was quite sure that this was not what 
Misaki had meant when she had asked him to show Sasami the path to 
womanhood. As they shifted back to the dimension on which they existed, 
Trinth could only be reminded of an old song he had heard a long time 
ago. Somehow, its chorus came to him as he looked upon his second wife, 
the assimilated Sasami. 
<Summer breeze makes me feel fine. You're, little girl, the 
jasmine in my mind. >

One by one, the lakeside hangar was filling with the arriving 
ships of the noble guests. A marriage of this stature had not taken 
place in the Empire for eons. Three planets, three noble houses would 
all be one in the space of a day. It was a grand spectacle to see the 
gentry of aristocracy out in full force. Most impressive was that all 
had bowed to tradition and were wearing the garments of their ancestry. 
Trinth could barely withhold his exuberance as he strolled through the 
crowd with his best man, Atore, close at his side. 
"Teylono, can you recall the last time a scene such as this has 
been witnessed?" he asked the Lucidian. 
"Not at all. The full spectrum of traditional apparel has been 
laid out before us. Everyone has decided that they must be at their 
best for this event, obviously including yourself." The knight said 
jokingly as he motioned to Trinth's wedding outfit. Trinth looked down 
at himself. He had to agree that it was a rather ostentatious costume. 
He did like the spun silver robe and its accompanying dark blue 
leggings, but the wings were a bit much. The two wings of the costume, 
both formed from the finest white, blue, and silver fabrics, were 
perfect replicas of the wings of the Calaban Falcon's. They swept down 
from his shoulders straight to the ground. But as much as the wings 
failed to appeal to Trinth, he still wore them with fierce pride. They 
were a part of tradition. 
Meanwhile, upstairs, two brides were donning their own garments 
for the coming ceremony. While certainly not nervous about their 
impending marriage to the Archduke, one could sense that the women 
weren't fully composed, either. 
"Sasami, have you seen my other shoe?" Mihoshi asked frantically. 
"I'll look silly if I walk down the aisle lopsided." 
"Did you look on the bed?" The Juraiin princess asked her sister 
to be. Mihoshi ran past Sasami and back into the bedroom. She 
reappeared, shoe in hand and blushing fiercely. Sasami laughed and 
picked up a hairbrush. "You ought to calm down before the big event." 
She stated mildly as she began to brush out her long blue hair. "There 
really isn't anything to worry about." 
"Easy for you to say, you're a goddess. I'm just regular me." 
Mihoshi joked as she slipped the shoe on. "That's better. How do I 
look?" Sasami looked away from her mirror and towards the Cyrnian 
woman. Mihoshi was an impressive sight. She was clad in an outfit her 
mother had prepared for just this occasion. The light yellow fabric 
that Mihoshi was tightly wrapped in could be easily caught in the wind. 
It rustled and swayed as she walked, making her appear to be in 
constant motion. All of this fabric was held in place by a pair of 
jewel-encrusted metal bands that bisected Mihoshi's chest. Sasami did 
have concerns over the placement of the bands. She had felt they 
brought unneeded attention to her 'sister's' already prominent 
physique. But, Layla Kuramitsu had stated that this was a traditional 
Cyrnian wedding dress and had insisted that the nobles would pay it no 
mind. Never the less, Sasami was thankful that Jurai's fashion 
preferred loose robes and intricate patterns that left more to the 
imagination. After all, now there was only one man's mind in which she 
could rightfully now instill those thoughts. 
"Girls? Are you ready?" Empress Funaho's calm voice called into 
the room. "The ceremony will be starting soon." 
"Come on out you two." Misaki added, "I want to get a photo of my 
two daughters on their wedding day." Mihoshi and Sasami looked at each 
other and smiled. It was time after all. They left the room and joined 
the two empresses outside the room. Misaki threw her arms around the 
girls and hugged tightly. "I don't believe this. Just two years ago I 
was watching cartoons with the pair of you and now I get to see you 
both wed a worthy husband." Funaho removed a handkerchief from her robe 
and handed it to Misaki as the younger empress's emotions began to get 
the better of her. "This makes me so happy!" She stated through her 
joyous tears. 
"I would like to tell you all that the ceremony shall start 
soon." A quavering voice spoke from the living room. It was Duchess 
Trinay. It was very plain to see that she too had been crying. "We'll 
need you outside soon. It's going to be such a beautiful wedding." 

The fields surrounding the Masaki home had been transformed into 
a pageantry of intricate trellises and floral arrangements. Both 
Empress Funaho and Duchess Trinay had overseen the decorating 
personally. Rows of flowers flanked pathways of cut gems transported 
from all corners of the empires. Seats that could only be thought of as 
thrones in any respect had been brought for the nobility in attendance.  
Funaho had made it clear that this wedding would be as grand as those 
involved. The center of all of this finery was an elaborate dais 
fashioned from the same stone and wood as the ancient halls of the 
Milodon family's palace. The craftsmanship was impeccable. Each stone 
had been smoothed and refined to degrees unheard of. Delicate relief 
carvings festooned the six pillars that supported the stained glass 
roof of the dais. Most of all, there was the prominent crest of the 
Milodon family hung from hung from the rafters of this magnificent 
structure that completely enshrouded the platform of the dais from the 
rear, leaving the goings on of the wedding ceremony only to be 
witnessed by those invited. 
But all of this majesty paled in comparison to the magnitude of 
what was taking place within it. The collected aristocracy was consumed 
with silent awe as they witnessed the ancient traditions of the Calab 
race being practiced before them. They watched intently as the elderly 
priest began the ceremony.
"Child of the Falcon. Son of the seas." He said, motioning to 
Trinth. "Behold those who are to be your all." The priest tapped his 
scepter upon the dais and immediately the crowd turned to face the 
beginning of the jeweled path. Mihoshi and Sasami met and bowed at the 
path's beginning, then turned and walked in perfect synchronization to 
the steps of the dais. They knelt at the step and looked towards the 
sky. 
"I witness their beauty and shall make them my all." Trinth said 
solemnly. The priest then withdrew two small vials from the staff of 
his scepter. He walked over to Mihoshi and opened the vial. 
"Child of the sand," he said, "May the life blood of the Falcon 
bless you and your marriage." Upon saying this, the priest poured the 
contents of the vial onto Mihoshi's forehead. She shivered as the cold, 
blue liquid touched her skin. The priest then crossed over to Sasami. 
"Child of the trees, May the life blood of the Falcon bless you 
and your marriage." He stated as he repeated the anointing. He then 
turned to Trinth. "Join them now, and we shall see if the Falcon has 
made them your own." Trinth bowed to the priest and strode over to 
where the girls were kneeling. He too knelt and faced the sky. As he 
did this, the priest spread his arms out and turned to the crest. "Oh 
Great Falcon of Calaban, with your infinite wisdom and all feeling 
heart, show to us that this marriage is to be." 
At first, there was nothing. Then, a low breeze began to emanate 
from the direction of the crest. The wings of Trinth's costume started 
to sway in the wind. Slowly, they began gaining momentum. Their 
movements became more and more lifelike. At the same time, the blue 
liquid that the priest had anointed Mihoshi and Sasami with began to 
glow. The glow of the liquid soon spread beyond the area of the girls. 
The glow took the form of a luminous cloud. This cloud swirled into the 
heavens, propelled by the beats of Trinth's wings. As it gained 
altitude, the cloud began to take shape. Quickly, all present could see 
the clear outline of a great raptor forming. The nobility heard a 
mighty screech as this falcon attained its full shape and then 
vanished. The priest smiled and turned back to the newlyweds. 
"Your marriage pleases the Falcon. May it be long lasting and 
joyous." He said happily. This was followed by many a cheer from those 
who had witnessed this historic event, the wedding of Mihoshi Kuramitsu 
and Princess Sasami Jurai to Archduke Trinth Milodon of Calaban.

All three had changed into less formal wear for their reception. 
Everyone was congratulating Mihoshi and Sasami when Atore called 
everyone to order for the toast. Immediately, everyone looked towards 
the Lucidian knight. 
"I would like to say before we all begin our speeches that anyone 
caught being excruciatingly dull will promptly have vegetables thrown 
at them. In making sure that this occurs, I am sending my humble 
employee Kanet around with a crate of tomatoes. Everyone, please take 
one and use it at your discretion." Atore paused as the nobility 
received their tomatoes before continuing. Once assured everyone had 
his or her 'ammunition', he began his speech. "I have known the Milodon 
family for a great many years. In that time, I have come to expect that 
a great deal can occur when they are present. I can honestly say that 
the only reason I believe that this has happened is because I was 
witness to the arrangement. I never would have believed you would have 
taken two wives of such high caliber. Congratulations, Trinth, you have 
exceeded my expectations once more." There was polite applause as Atore 
sat down. After Atore, Tenchi rose and turned to Milodon. 
"Trinth, I haven't known you for as long as all of the other 
people here but I've come to recognize you as a friend. I've known 
Mihoshi and Sasami for quite a bit more time than you and have strong 
feelings of family with them. As a friend, Trinth, I ask you to always 
take care of them and to keep them as safe and as happy as possible."
"That was my intent all along, young knight." Trinth said 
sincerely amongst the applause. Following Tenchi was Emperor Azuza. He 
stood and addressed the nobility. 
"Ahem, fellow nobles. We have gathered her to bear witness to the 
matrimony of my daughter, Sasami and Lady Mihoshi Kuramitsu to Archduke 
Milo~"
Before the Emperor could finish his opening statement a large 
tomato smacked into his face. The vegetable splattered its red innards 
across his countenance and dripped onto his immaculate robes. 
Infuriated, Azuza wiped the tomato from his eyes and glared towards 
where the tomato had been hurled. Whom he found was a quietly giggling 
Empress Funaho.
"I'm sorry dearest, but you were somewhat disinteresting." She 
said mirthfully. Laughter engulfed the gathered guests. Even the 
emperor had to admit that his wife had been well timed in her little 
joke. As the laughter died down, Trinth stood up and beckoned for the 
attention of the group.
"I must thank all of you for your unparalleled kindness in this 
my happiest hour. Words cannot express the joy that course through my 
veins as I view my two lovely wives." He motioned for the girls to 
stand up and join him before he continued. They quickly rose to their 
feet and came to his side. "I have spent the better half of nine 
hundred years searching for what I have now found. I found it in the 
charm, affection, and kindness of both you, Mihoshi," he stated as he 
drew the blonde near to himself, "and you, Sasami." He added as she too 
leaned close to him. "I know now that my search is over. I have 
completed what I had set out to accomplish and am now content. We will 
set out for Calaban on the morrow. Soon, my people will meet their 
Archduchesses. I know they will be well received by my subjects. I can 
only hope that Sasami and Mihoshi are satisfied on Calaban." The Calab 
kissed his wives upon their brows and sighed. "I love you, both of 
you." He whispered to them as their guests resumed their ovations 
toward the royal family of the Calab Empire. 

Late that night, after the guests had left and the women had bed 
down for the evening. The remaining gentlemen had congregated in 
Trinth's living room for a nightcap. They were sitting around a fire 
crackling in the living room fireplace and talking. Most of the 
conversation had been the three elder men reminiscing over times 
shared. For the most part, Tenchi had just sat there, watching as 
stories were told and libations were poured. 
<It's amazing. > He thought as he watched them celebrate. <There 
is so much history in this room right now. Right in this room there are 
the last three knights of the Empire. They've seen so much and been to 
so many places. Maybe someday I'll do as much as they have. > A smile 
formed on Tenchi's face as he settled back into Trinth's sofa. He 
pictured himself commanding his own star battle cruiser. He could see 
himself in a royal Juraiin outfit as he defended righteousness and 
peace just as his companions had done for centuries.
	"Tenchi, my boy, how'd you like your own tumbler of brandy?" 
Teylono's voice cut through his daydreaming and forced him back to 
reality. The baron was holding a glass of scotch out to him. "Go ahead, 
my boy. Don't let Napoleonic brandy go to waste. Take a sip and enjoy 
it." Gently, Tenchi pushed the glass away. 
	"No thank you. I don't drink alcohol. Plus I'm not old enough 
yet." He said defensively. "Besides, doesn't that stuff kill brain 
cells?" His remark brought disapproving stares from the knights.
	"Tenchi, you ought to think more clearly before you speak." Yosho 
chided the boy. 
	"Young knight, anything can be dangerous in too large a 
quantity." Trinth said firmly. "A stiff drink can have undesirable 
effects if you aren't prepared for them. In moderation, and as long as 
you are prepared for its effects, alcohol is an acceptable thing." 
Trinth snapped his fingers. "That reminds me. I have a gift for you, 
young knight." He said as he dashed to his cellar. The Calab soon 
returned, cradling an old bottle of champagne. "Moet Chandon, 1857, a 
very good year. This, young knight is both Ryoko and Ayeka's favorite." 
Tenchi was a bit puzzled at this.
	"Trinth, what're you getting at?" he asked.
	"It's simple. I've noticed how much those two are interested in 
you and how competitive they are in their quest to have you." Trinth 
handed the bottle to Tenchi and smiled. "Uncork that for the pair of 
them, sit down with the girls and talk to them. You're going through 
life without letting things happen to you. You prevent too much. So, 
for once, use the old excuse 'one thing led to another'. Enjoy those 
ladies' love for you. Who knows what will happen once you give them a 
chance." Tenchi looked down at the champagne bottle, then to the other 
knights, then finally to Trinth. He smiled. 
	"I think I might like that. At the least they might stop fighting 
for a bit." Tenchi said jokingly. 
	The men continued their celebration far into the night. One by 
one, they started heading back to their homes, each saying their 
congratulations and giving their best wishes to Trinth. Once they had 
left, The Calab retreated to his quarters upstairs. He quietly opened 
the door to his room and peered towards his slumbering wives. He still 
found the change in Sasami's appearance startling. But the change in 
her personality was pleasingly less radical. She still was his 
Dearheart. She was a little older, and often found herself confused by 
her new body, but he saw this as natural for the transition into 
womanhood. 
	<Sweet days of summer, the jasmine's in bloom. July is desperate 
and playing her tune. > Trinth thought as he gazed at Sasami. But when 
his gazed shifted to the second occupant of the bed, Trinth's heartbeat 
fluttered. He saw her, his true love, his dear first wife, Mihoshi. Her 
lovely body still amazed him. He knew he could search through all of 
space twice and never find another woman to compare with her, no, 
another woman to compare with them. Trinth felt that they must know 
that they are equals in his heart, that they were his all, his 
treasures. He sighed and shut the door to the bedroom. He walked back 
down the stairs, out the front door and down the path to Funaho's lake. 
He stopped at the shore and looked towards the stars and spoke to them.
	"For years I traveled amongst you, on an endless quest for 
satisfaction." He said as he unfastened his dagger sheaths and removed 
them from his chest. "Along the way, I have experienced much. I have 
fought in the coliseums of Avage, drunk with the Naiads of Rhequa's 
seventh moon, and participated in the orgies of the Siyands. Now, I 
have found contentment in a much more conventional form. I love my 
wives and wish to be with them always." Trinth paused then hurled his 
daggers into the center of Funaho's lake. "And now, I will have removed 
that which would keep me from them. I am now no longer a knight of the 
Empire, I am merely my wives' husband." With that, the Calab turned and 
slowly walked away from one life and into the next. Knowing full well 
he would not regret it.


Author's notes: Hello all! I never thought that part 5 would ever get 
finished. So what's the verdict? Is this the result you fans were 
looking forward to after reading the previous four parts? Don't forget 
that part 6 is on its way, too. For those who need to know, part 6 is 
set ten years after this and takes place mostly on Calaban. I'm not 
going to tell you any more than that. Just keep reading and giving me 
that wonderful feedback I so enjoy. Thank you all! 

Tallgeese Forever!
Craeyst Raygal. 
 
