	Before we begin this venture into the the world of the Tenchi Muyo 
OAV universe , my team of incredibly high priced bloodsuckers, er 
lawyers tell me that unless I want to pay their fees I must tell all of 
you that I do not own Tenchi Muyo and its related characters. I also do 
not own Frank Herbert's novel Dune. I simply used the name of a planet 
within the Dune universe, Calaban because the name is so perfect for the 
home planet of a noble. I do own Trinth Milodon and would be forced into 
severe action if someone used him without my authority(not to say I 
wouldn't grant his use if it was requested). Thank you very much for 
listening to this rant and enjoy part 1 of....

Silver and Gold
Part 1- A Discovery of the Past

	It was another one of those routine spring days at the Masaki 
household. Sasami was cooking, Ryoko was sleeping, Ayeka was tending to 
Ryu-Oh, Washu was in her lab doing lord knows, and Mihoshi was at the 
shrine sweeping. 
	"I'm finished!" Mihoshi called out in a joyous voice. 
She looked around herself to see no sign of  Katsuhito. 
	"That's odd." she stated. "He usually strolls out of the shrine 
and comments on how I've done. This is really strange." Mihoshi dropped 
the broom and announced in her best detective voice "I'll find 
Grandfather!"and with that she dashed into the shrine office. Her search 
was short-lived as in her mad dash she tripped over a box of odds and 
ends. 
	"Oww!" she wailed as she rubbed her now sore shin. 
	"Now, now. What's all the fuss in here?" a mello voice spoke. 
Mihoshi looked up to see a concerned, and somewhat amused, Katsuhito 
gazing down at her. 
	"Ohh, umm, I was kind of worried when you didn't come outside when 
I called so I came inside to look for you and I sort of fell over this 
box." she stammered a she pointed to the overturned container. 
	"Mihoshi? You didn't forget that I said I'd be training Tenchi 
today, did you?" Grandfather questioned.
	"I, I, I, uh, um.." Mihoshi squeaked as she broke into tears. An 
exasperated look flashed across the old man's face.
	"No need to cry about it, child." he said mildly, "We'll just 
clean this up and forget the whole thing." Mihoshi's eyes brightened as 
she nodded eagerly in agreement to the elder's plan.

	The clean-up was just about over. Most of it had just been old 
junk like broken bokken and unravelling robes. Mihoshi was about to cast 
yet another object into the box when a particular article caught her 
eye. There, in the corner of the room, lying face down, was a framed 
picture. She picked it up and looked at the image contained in the 
simple, silver and wooden frame. The picture was of two young men. One 
was standing very straight wearing Juraiin robes and a serious 
expression. Mihoshi recognized him as Yosho. The other, whom Mihoshi 
never had seen before, was a sharp contrast to Yosho's grim appearance. 
The man had shoulder length, wavy, silver hair and dark blue eyes. He 
was obviously very athletic and, judging by the pair of daggers in 
sheaths across his chest, a fighter of some mettle. His clothing 
consisted of a midnight blue tunic, white breeches and black boots that 
flared at their tops. Finishing the outfit was a black cape draped from 
his right shoulder. His stance and expression all seemed to reflect 
elegance and a bit of danger. Mihoshi was breathtaken by the sheer 
beauty  of this unidentified nobleman. 
	"Katsuhito, could you please tell me who this is with you? 
Please?" she asked softly. He looked at the picture, then at the dreamy 
look in the young blonde's eyes. 
	"That, young lady, is Trinth Milodon. The Archduke of Calaban and 
my brother-in-arms from the old days... the days when I was both a 
prince and a knight of Jurai." Katsuhito's eyes misted over as he 
remembered his comrade. 
	"We went on many quests together. I was logical and reserved. 
Always trying to be tactical and efficient in our missions. Trinth was 
red-blooded passion. He had a brilliant mind, you must realize, but he 
prefered to rely on his exteme skill and his legendary charm. He was 
always the gentlman, always the life of parties. He was well versed in 
the study of the finer things in life. Trinth once said that he was just 
acting according to the old code. He was truly a knight of old." 
	"He sounds wonderful." Mihoshi whispered longingly. "Do you know 
where he is?" 
	"He lived on Earth for a time, 1947 to 2010 as I recall." 
Katsuhito replied, "He had come to visit me. He stayed those years and 
then left to tell my mother I was doing fine. I haven't heard from him 
since."
	"Oh..." Mihoshi said disappointedly. "Grandfather, please tell me 
more about Trinth Milodon."

	Four hours later: "Grandfather! Mihoshi! Suppertime!" called 
Sasami's voice from the house. Mihoshi looked outside and found that 
darkness had fallen. It was indeed suppertime. She had been listening to 
Grandfather's stories about Trinth for hours. 
	"I'm coming Sasami!" Mihoshi replied as she stood to leave.
	"Mihoshi.... before you go... I want you to have something." 
Katsuhito spoke as he walked over to a large cabinet. Mihoshi's eyes 
opened wide as he opened a small metal box. He reaced inside and 
retrieved a framed photograph similar to the one Mihoshi had found 
earlier except Yosho was missing from the shot. 
	"I have a feeling that you might want this." he said as he handed 
her the picture. Mihoshi bowed deeply with gratitude and ran off, 
clutching the portait tightly to her chest as if it were Trinth himself.
	<Trinth you scoundrel.> Katsuhito thought to himself as he watched 
the girl run off, <Even when you're not present you can charm any girl 
ever created>

	After supper, Mihoshi decided she would turn in for the night.  
Once in her room dhe began to undress for bed. Halfway through the 
process, she caught a glimpse of her picture of Trinth. She had placed 
it next to the body-length mirror Ayeka had given to her as a birthday 
present. She sat down on her bed facing the portrait and thought about 
Katsuhito's stories about the Archduke. Stories about noble quests into 
deep space. Stories of battles and races that Trinth and his battle-
cruiser, the mighty Gilded Talon  had entered and won. Stories of Trinth 
at royal balls and sporting events. She sighed wistfully as she wished 
she had been a part of those times. She turned her gaze from the picture 
and stood in her black lace undergarments in front of her mirror. 
	<Would he want me?> the thought echoed in her mind as her eyes 
traversed the vision that was displayed upon the looking glass. Her 
scrutiny went from golden blonde hair to pointy, elven ears to big, 
bright blue eyes to her tiny fangs to ample bust to well-tanned stomach 
to long, flowing legs.
	"People say that this is what the average guy dreams of, but 
Trinth, you're not average, are you?" She said lovingly to the portrait. 
"I do wish you could answer. I want so much to hear you, to touch you, 
to know you. Please Trinth, come to me."

	Several days later: 
	"Mihoshi!" Washu was yelling at the top of her lungs. "Mihoshi. 
Thank God I found you!" Washu was panting as she ran up the shrine steps 
to catch up to Mihoshi. 
	"Mihoshi, I need you and your spaceship right now. Normally I'd 
ask Ryoko, but that daughter of mine has run off somewhere and Ryo-Ohki 
went with her."
	Mihoshi was a bit confused by the actions of the scientist.
	"Umm, Washu what do you need me and Yagami for?" Mihoshi asked 
politely.
	"Fair question."quipped Washu, "I was testing a new piece of 
scanning equipment when it picked up an unidentified ship's distress 
signal. Naturally, I would like to respond to that cry for help. Now 
come on!" With that Washu grabbed Mihoshi's arm and ran towards Yagami's 
hangar. Within five minutes, the Yagami and its crew of Washu and 
Mihoshi were speeding towards the Mars region where Washu said she had 
detected the signal.

	"Ship detected at three o'clock approximately forty parsects." 
reported Yagami's computer. 
	"Thank you Yukinojo." Mihoshi replied. They had been searching for 
hours  and it was starting to wear her down. Washu was fussing with her 
scanner, trying to get it to work. "Change course to intercept detected 
ship." Soon a battered ship came into view upon the vidscreen. Its hull 
was charred soot black and had several large holes in it. Miraculously, 
the ship's ID number was still scannable from the rear vertical 
stabilizer. 
	"Yukinojo, please tell me port of origin, class, name and captain 
of 
ship #1184XJN." Mihoshi asked her ship. "Washu, do you know if this is 
the ship?"
	"It's near where I detected the signal so it probably is." was the 
scientist's answer.
		"Ship identified." Yukinojo stated, 
"Ship #1184XJN 
port of origin- Calaban
class- Calab experimental battle cruiser
name- Gilded Talon
captain- Archduke Trinth Milodon"
	Mihoshi trembled as the information sank into her mind. <This 
ravaged hulk was the once grand Gilded Talon? It COULDN'T be and if it 
is...> Tears were welling up in her eyes as she asked Washu in a broken 
voice to scan for life signs. Washu solemnly agreed.
	"I found someone. It was kind of hard to scan though. There's a 
lot of subspace interference. I think that ship has subspace containment 
fields like the ones in my lab. I'll want to study that ship." Washu 
sounded eager to inspect the vessel.
	"Washu" Mihoshi said in a severe tone, "we're going to board that 
ship and rescue the survivor right now."

	Once aboard the Talon, the women found themselves walking down a 
dark corridor. 
	"Main power's down." Washu stated. She was scanning everything. 
Washu was a bit perplexed by this ship <Subspace containment, anti-
plasmic weaponry, this ship seems awfully familliar.>
	Mihoshi, on the other hand, wasn't concerned with the ship in the 
least. It was the captain that filled her thoughts with worry and dread. 
<This isn't happening.> she thought <Oh Trinth don't die, don't let me 
love a portrait and a story for the rest of my days. God, please take me 
to him. I want to see him, hold him, help him, please>. Their forward 
progress was finally halted by a  large, elaborate, metal door with odd 
writing on a plaque next to it. 
	"Calab writing." Washu remarked as she read it, "It says that this 
is the bridge." Washu held her scanner to the door. "There's good news 
and bad news. Good news is that our life sign is behind this door. Bad 
news is that with the power down we can't open it." 
	As soon as the word was out of Washu's mouth, Mihoshi leapt at the 
door and ripped it open. <Hmmn.> Washu thought, <Cyrn women only have 
that kind of strength when they're under extreme emotional distress. 
There might be something going on here.>
	Meanwhile, Mihoshi had walked into the dark bridge to find whoever 
was in there, praying with every step that it would be who she was 
seeking.
	"Who goes there?" a weakened but clear and beautiful voice rang 
out. 
"Computer, initiate auxillary power and put some lights on up here 
immediately." 
	Once those words were spoken, the room filled with bright light. 
Revealing a blood spattered room and the point from which the voice was 
emanating. The voice was comming from an easy chair that had its back 
facing her. Not knowing what to do, Mihoshi answered the question.
	"I am Galaxy Police Detective First Class Mihoshi Kuramitsu, with 
me is Doctor Washu Hakubi. We're responding to your distress signal."
	The chair swivelled around and Mihoshi finally caught a glimpse of 
the owner of the voice. It was him, the Archduke Trinth Milodon and he 
was wounded. His mane of siver hair was caked with blood that was 
leaking from a three-inch gash on his right temple. His left arm 
appeared to be broken and he was clutching his cape around his side 
tightly.  He was apparantly trying, and failing, to conceal the worst of 
his injuries; a section, roughly the size of half a bowling ball, had 
been cut from his right abdomen.
	"I am sorry I do not stand to greet you." He said through gritted 
teeth that tried to withold incalculable pain and agony, "I am Trinth 
Milodon of Calaban. My ship and I have experienced some damage and 
require assistance." 
	"That's the understatement of the century!" Washu said flatly as 
she gazed quizzically at the injured man. "Your ship is bordering on 
scrap and it looks like you've taken a hit from a disentegration ray." 
she said while pointing to his right side. 
	"We'll be taking you with us to Earth so that you can receive 
medical attention and so that your ship can receive repairs." Mihoshi 
added. She couldn't stop looking at his mutilated figure. <How could 
anyone do this to such a beautiful man. Who could be so cruel. Washu can 
heal him but it's still not fair to put someone in that much pain. It 
would have been kinder to have killed him than to leave him like this.> 
Mihoshi was snapped out of her thoughts as, much to her horror, Trinth 
attempted to stand up to offer his thanks. He got a few inches upright 
and crashed to the floor of the bridge, unconcious. His cape fell from 
his side, fully revealing his abdomonal wound. Mihoshi rushed over and 
knelt at his side. She removed his cape from its shoulder clasp and 
wrapped his stomach with it.
	"I won't let you die." she whispered, "I can't allow you to, not 
until you know..."

	With that, she and Washu transported the three of them back aboard 
the Yagami . Washu took Trinth to the sick bay to tend to his lesser 
injuries. Wordlessly, Mihoshi put a tractor beam on the Talon's  
wreckage. It was time to return to home. 


Notes from the author: I would like to take this oppurtunity to thank 
you for reading this obviously long fic. I will appreciate comments and 
criticism. Please tell me what it is you liked/disliked about this my 
first Tenchi fic if anything at all.
I wish you to know that your response will decide if part 2 sees the 
computer screens. Also, I'd like you to help me decide on the content of 
part 2, I have two incomplete versions; one regular, one lemon. Please 
give me feedback as to which one you desire. 
Signed
Craeyst Raygal 
	

	
