Before you begin this the final part of Gold & Silver I wish you to 
know ahead of time that this has been an incredible time. I have 
appreciated all of the comments I have received and hope that this 
shall always be regarded as one of the leading pieces of Mihoshi fan 
fiction. Part 6 is written in a unique "shifting" perspective that I am 
experimenting with. Anytime you see this,  "()" the viewpoint has 
shifted to Mihoshi's thoughts. Occasionally, you may also come across 
this symbol during Mihoshi's perspective, **, time has reverted from 
the setting of the story (ten years hence from part 5) to a flashback 
that will phase from Mihoshi's perspective to a third person viewpoint. 
When returning to the third person at the present time, the || symbol 
will be used. Confused? I hope not. But all should go well when the 
story is read. So now, enjoy the final chapter in this saga of two 
hearts' quest,


Gold & Silver, Part 6: Tarnished Silver 


	Through marble halls and jewel studded arches echo the graceful 
saddened footsteps of a lone figure. Her lovely visage is without mirth 
or joy as she views her troops standing at their ready. They present 
arms to her and offer reverent condolences to this, the one they 
protect with their very lives. Their breath is stolen from their bodies 
as the vision of golden curls and satin robes that are her glides past 
them, thanking them for their assistance in the futile effort to 
sustain her hope in the infinitesimal chances of the cosmos. None tell 
her of the possibility of failure in her search. Indeed, they 
themselves have hope beyond hope that they will be successful, but for 
now there is only her. 
	She is the Archduchess Mihoshi Milodon and she is mourning her 
husband. 

() 	It all seems to have ended so suddenly. No, it isn't really 
ended; it's just sort of paused right now. I just have to wonder why it 
had to happen. Trinth was so happy when we first arrived. But no one 
can be happy forever, I suppose. It was so nice when we arrived on 
Calaban, though. I remember when the Gilded Talon landed and I saw the 
Great Hall for the first time. Oh, the Great Hall, the palace of the 
Milodons for eons and now my home. Trinth, Sasami and I stood upon the 
balcony overlooking the city of Ghechana, capitol of Calaban, and the 
Calab people saw me for the first time. The way Trinth introduced us 
was so wonderful, too. He said 

**Ten years ago**
  
	"People of Calaban, my good people, children of the great seas of 
this wondrous planet, my travels have taken me from you for ages now. 
Many of you wished my return would hasten. Now, let your own eyes 
behold the bounty that my quest has produced. Please, Calabs, greet 
your Archduchesses, Lady Sasami of Jurai and Lady Mihoshi of Cyrn." 
	With a flourish, Trinth finished his speech and his wives stepped 
out of the eaves of the balcony and into the sunlight of Calaban's day. 
The crowds cheered with all of their might, releasing a rapturous 
symphony of joyous shouting. 
	"Isn't it the most incredible thing you've ever seen, Mihoshi?" 
Sasami said happily as she waved to the people. "I didn't think they 
would be this pleased with us. After all, aren't we outsiders to them?"
	"I know, it's so amazing that they aren't upset over you taking 
two alien brides, Trinth." Mihoshi replied. Their husband chuckled and 
put his an arm around each of their waists.
	"My dears, they understand but two things, we are in love and you 
are beautiful." He laughed and spread his arms as if embracing the 
crowds, then turned, arms outstretched, to his wives. "All Calabs 
consider love and beauty to override all." He laughed happily as 
Mihoshi and Sasami hugged him tightly. "Besides, I would have given up 
any number of kingdoms for the pair of you." 

 
|| 	The Archduchess continued to wander through the massive palace. 
She couldn't help but feel a bit intimidated by the silence of the 
corridors. It just didn't seem right to her that such a beautiful place 
should be so somber. 

() 	The halls always rang with laughter when Trinth had first 
returned. Dignitaries and aristocrats gathered to hear of his 
adventures. Trinth was always happy to tell a story or two. And when 
Baron Teylono would visit, unbridled chaos would reign. At least, until 
Sasami and I reminded the men that they were setting an example for how 
Azure should rule. Oh, Azure. All will know your name very soon. You 
are Trinth and Sasami's daughter, the daughter who will rule over four 
full empires. Jurai, Calaban, Cyrn, and Lucidia will all fall under her 
rule. She will have the whole of the empire as her kingdom. It's so 
wonderful. But Azure doesn't realize this. Right now, her seven-year 
old mind only wonders when her father will return and when her 
godfather, Atore, will visit again. I think I'll stop in the nursery to 
see how Azure and Sasami are doing. 

||	Mihoshi slowly opened the door to the nursery where she found her 
'sister' Sasami at play with her young daughter. Sasami smiled as the 
blonde entered the room, leaving her escort outside. 
	"How goes the search, Mihoshi?" Sasami asked solemnly as she rose 
from the chair from whence she had been reading to her daughter from. 
	"Same news as ever. There was an unconfirmed sighting of the 
Talon near the Beta moon of Iethra. I hope it turns out to be him." 
	"As do I, dear sister." Sasami replied. 
	One who had known the Juraiin woman when she had been a young 
princess could scarcely recognize her now. She had matured rapidly 
after donning Tsunami's form. She wore a thoughtful and serene 
expression that many attributed to having the wisdom of both a goddess 
and a mother. Sasami had spent much of her time with Azure, teaching 
the girl about how to rule a vast empire. Things like protocol and 
diplomacy had been instilled into Azure's mind at a very young age. It 
was for the best that Sasami taught her these lessons, Mihoshi knew 
nothing of how to be a noble, nor did she truly wish to be one. The 
title of Archduchess meant nothing to her. What mattered was that she 
was Trinth's wife. Whatever else she wasn't would never change that.

**Eight years ago** 
	
	"Beloved, why do you weep?" Trinth asked Mihoshi as she sat in 
his study, crying. 
	"Washu told me about why Sasami is pregnant and I'm not." The 
blonde sniffled. She looked towards Trinth as he slowly walked towards 
her. He didn't seem as spry as he was when he had first arrived on 
Calaban, but then, his schedule didn't allow for much time to practice 
combat technique, either. He was leaned over to her, balancing against 
his cane to keep from tumbling atop her. 
	"M'lady, I too wish we could have a child together, but biology 
simply won't allow it." Trinth said in a soft tone as he brushed her 
cheek. 
	"I know my immune system is far more potent than yours. That's 
why you can't impregnate me. It just isn't fair." Mihoshi said weakly. 
"I overheard some of the bureaucrats yesterday. They were talking about 
how I may lose my place in the royal family if I bore no children." 
Mihoshi buried her face in Trinth's cloak as her tears increased. 
"Trinth, please don't turn me away if I can't have a baby." 
	The Archduke was incensed by what his wife had told him. Not but 
two years into his wives' rule and already those beneath him were 
speaking of treachery and stature between the two women. He knelt down 
to eye level with Mihoshi and gazed into her eyes. 
	"My dear sweet Mihoshi." He spoke gently. "Nothing shall ever 
change between us. Child or no child, you will always be my wife. Those 
who speak of you losing your standing know nothing of the true workings 
of this noble house. The Falcon oversees all who are beneath his wings. 
Dry your tears, M'lady, you are my wife for all time and my Duchess 
beside me, as is Sasami." Trinth clasped her hand in his and kissed her 
sweetly on her lips. "Always remember, you and Sasami are equals in my 
heart. Not one thing in this universe could change that."

||	"Mother, what are you thinking about?" a small, but powerfully 
feminine voice asked Mihoshi. The Archduchess looked down to see Azure 
staring up at her. 
The little girl was very pretty. She wore the gowns of royalty 
well, a sure sign of her impending greatness. Her dark blue hair and 
even darker blue eyes were lovely to look at and her smile was 
friendly, if a little arrogant and mischievous, just like her father's. 
Truly, Azure was going to be a radiant beauty when she was older. 
"Oh, Azure I was just thinking about your father." Mihoshi said 
in a voice that transmitted none of her melancholy. 
"He will be back in time for my birthday, will he not?" Azure 
asked impetuously. Tapping her foot as she awaited an answer. 
"Now, now, Azure." Sasami said firmly. "What have we talked about 
when asking questions of people?" 
"Only demand answers from delegates, bureaucrats, and soldiers. 
One is being impolite if doing otherwise." The little girl stated 
reluctantly to her mother.
"Good then. Now, let us leave Mihoshi in peace while we continue 
our lesson in ancient Lucidian myth." Sasami said to her daughter as 
Mihoshi turned to leave. The Cyrnian woman looked over her shoulder at 
her sister and niece as they opened the tome Atore had presented the 
family with. 

()	They're so happy together. It's good for Sasami that she has 
Azure to help cope with Trinth's disappearance. So few people can truly 
help us with not having him around. My escort is certainly of no help. 
He's a dutiful, but uninspired, servant who sees to little more than my 
safety. Now Lacent and Kaitan, they were truly great men.

||	The Archduchess passes underneath the archway that leads out to 
the gardens of Milodon Hall. As she walks past, she can't help but look 
to her sides in hope that one of her fallen escorts might be there to 
take her from the soulless fool that stood by her side. 

() 	Lacent and Kaitan, I miss those two so. Trinth knew very well 
that you were a perfect pair to guard Sasami and I. They were members 
of the Calab Royal Guard's elite. Trinth personally selected them as 
our escorts. It was so stunning when we first met them.

**six years ago**

	"We are here to serve you, our blessed Archduchesses. Forever may 
you reign." So did the prostrated guardsmen speak in earnest reverence. 
Trinth introduced them as Lacent Cavinto and Kaitan Alysdayn. 
	"Why are these two necessary, Trinth?" Sasami asked as she 
circled the taller, red haired Lacent. "Surely the risk of 
assassination is not that high."
	"Dearheart, these two are for your protection when I am not 
about. Humor my frazzled nerves, if you will." Her husband said 
playfully. 
	"But, what'll we do if we don't need them?" Mihoshi asked as she 
studied black- haired Kaitan. 
	"Your grace, we are here but for your pleasure and well-being. 
Allow us to serve you in any capacity." Lacent spoke quickly. His 
countenance soon turned to horror and he knelt quickly at Trinth's 
feet. "Excellency, forgive me for speaking without being addressed. It 
was not my place." Trinth shook his head and chuckled. 
	"No harm done, young man. Take your post with your fellow 
guardsman. I must go rest before the conference with Sir Weitrik of the 
High Council." Trinth bowed and slowly walked down to his chambers. His 
reliance upon his cane for balance had increased. That and he had begun 
to speak less and sleep more. In fact, Mihoshi had seen him breathing 
heavily at the tops of staircases. She resolved to ask him about it 
later, for now, she had a new escort to speak with.
	"So, how are you today, Lacent?" Mihoshi asked mildly of the 
dark-haired Calab guard before her. 
	"I fear my heart shall erupt with joy at the honorable position 
His Excellency has given me." He replied reverently. 
	"Lacent. Kaitan." Sasami started, addressing each of them in 
turn. They both rose and directed their undivided attention to her. 
	"Yes, Your Worshipfulness." They replied in unison. 
	"I see that you are both men of high caliber and good character. 
Lady Mihoshi and I are very pleased to have you as our personal 
escorts." Mihoshi nodded her agreement. 
	"That's right, I think we'll become good friends in time, too." 
The Cyrnian woman added quickly. A gasp and a loud thud were the 
response she received for her trouble. Lacent had fainted dead away.
	"I apologize, Your Grace. He meant no disrespect." Kaitan said 
very plainly as he picked up his unconscious partner. "I believe it has 
just struck him that we are serving the two most powerful and beautiful 
women in the Empire. It is enough to give any man a pause." 

() 	And so I met Lacent and Kaitan. They were so devoted to Sasami 
and I. We soon found that they were talented far beyond mere guardians. 
Lacent was sort of an artist. He wrote songs and poems and would often 
sit in the garden above where we would sit and play us dirges upon his 
guitar. He sang of love and devotion and merry times and joy. I cared a 
lot for Lacent. I still remember one poem he wrote for me. It went "I 
seek and I find with Falcon's speed and Falcon's mind that none of 
Elysium's song and wine could ever produce beauty such as thine." 
Pretty, isn't it? He said he wrote it especially for me and then 
quickly added 'but I believe that Lady Sasami is also incredibly 
beautiful as well'. He was always very careful with his words. Never 
insulting or crude, I think Lacent should have been a bard, not a 
soldier. As for Kaitan, you'd never guess it by looking at his two and 
a half meter tall, heavily muscled body but he was actually a dancer 
and a chef before he decided to join the Royal Guard. Kaitan was the 
son of a wealthy merchant in Ghechana who owned the shipyards that had 
built the Gilded Talon. As a member of the Alysdayn family, he was a 
very privileged person and studied a great deal of many things. If he 
had ever talked more than his usual one or two insightful sentences at 
a stretch I think he would have been a great philosopher. The other 
amazing thing was how well he cooked. Kaitan would serve Sasami and I 
incredible dishes. The way he combined ingredients was totally 
indescribable. Of course, my favorite is still Trinth's blueberry 
waffles. I could live off of those forever and ever. Oh Trinth. I miss 
your waffles. I miss you.
	The four of us, Sasami, our escorts, and myself would spend 
afternoons out in the gardens. And when Azure was old enough, she 
started joining us outside. Occasionally, Trinth would escape from his 
multitudes of meetings and duties and we'd all be together. Those times 
were so rare, though. Trinth was being run ragged by the bureaucrats. 
There were times when he wouldn't sleep for days on end. It was really 
getting to him. I was really worried about him sometimes. He didn't 
want me to worry about him. He always said that this was normal 
procedure and that things would settle down eventually. That's why I 
always treasured the times when he wasn't working or resting.

**Four years ago**
 
	"Your Grace! Your Grace!" a familiar, overly emotive voice called 
from behind her. Mihoshi spun around to see her escort, Lacent, running 
up the path towards her. "Your Grace, it is unwise to wander away 
unguarded like that. I would kill myself if so much as one hair upon 
your head was misplaced by the actions of some ill-minded braggart." 
	"Don't worry so, Lacent." Mihoshi said playfully. "I can manage 
walking to a nice spot for some sunbathing myself." The guard's face 
was ashen at these words. 
	"Your Grace? Your intentions were to bare yourself to the eyes of 
these." he lowered his voice and looked around at the other, lesser, 
guards in the garden, "unworthy fellows?" Mihoshi chuckled and pointed 
behind Lacent. 
	"No, I was going to bare myself to my husband." Lacent spun 
around to see his Archduke in Bermuda shorts and a polo shirt, grinning 
from ear to ear. 
	"Your Excellency. I apologize in advance, but you are strangely 
clad." 
	"I know." Trinth said happily. "That's why Lady Mihoshi and I 
plan to become un-clad as quickly as possible. You'll see to it that we 
are undisturbed, won't you my good fellow?" Clapping him on the 
shoulder, the Archduke bypassed the stunned guard, strode over to his 
wife and offered her an arm. "Shall we, M'lady?" he asked wittily.
	"We shall, numerous times." Mihoshi giggled as she and her 
husband walked down the path towards a small spot Trinth had shown her 
when they had first arrived. 
	This place was the single one they called their own on all of the 
palace's grounds. It was a place deep into the expansive gardens that 
had been left to grow without intervention. It was still wild and 
untamed, yet it had such raw beauty in its greenery. This was the place 
that Mihoshi and Trinth came to when it was to be just the pair of 
them. Their most carnal desires, their most hidden secrets, all were 
shared at this place. They settled down upon the long grasses that 
waved incessantly in the breezes of the warm late months of Calaban. 
Their view is at first the mouth of the Cherdya River flowing out to 
the Great Sea. No words, no movement, simply them and a long gaze 
towards the river that is the livelihood of Ghechana. 
	"You love this place, don't you Trinth?" Mihoshi asked softly as 
she looked to her husband. The man wasn't even looking out to the sea. 
He nodded slowly without even opening his eyes. It was the first chance 
Mihoshi had really received to look at her husband as of recent. His 
frame appeared unchanged, a bit less firm, but no less athletic. A few 
wrinkles adorned his face, but considering his one and a half thousand 
years of life, they were of little concern. But then, why was he always 
so tired? 
	"Trinth, you work a great deal these days. Why is that?" Mihoshi 
continued. 
	"I spent the last eleven-hundred years as a lecherous scoundrel 
with no concern whatsoever with what was occurring at my home. Now I am 
bound to repair what damage my foolish ways have done to this kingdom." 
Trinth's voice sounded worn and defeated.
"I thought the people of Calaban liked you for your adventures. 
Why are they a problem now?"
"There weren't always happy endings to everything I did. Even I 
made some critical errors in judgment and, a few times, there were 
things I did that were neither courageous nor noble." Trinth shook his 
head sadly. He sat up and looked to his wife with an emotion she had 
not ever seen in his eyes; fear.
	"I no longer have control, my love. My advisors, they know far 
too much about what I have done in the past. They lord it over me, 
speaking to me as if I am an unlearned heathen. Saying I am only fit to 
make speeches and wear robes, not to wield any sort of actual power. 
The people, they still hold the Milodon clan in their hearts, but the 
merchants need their pockets lined and the farmers their fields plowed 
and if the Milodon nobility cannot do anything to assist this.." 
Trinth's voice trailed off and he lay back onto the ground. Mihoshi 
leaned over to him and kissed his furrowed brow. She gently caressed 
his cheek, brushing it with the back of her hand. 
	"You poor dear." She whispered. "You can't go on like this. You 
need to rest. Please, tell them they ask too much of you." Trinth 
merely looked away from her. 
	Mihoshi laid her head over Trinth's heart and slumped her body 
over his. 
	"Azure is growing up quickly." She said, trying to change the 
subject. 
	"Yes, soon she will be the sovereign of all four of the Empire's 
superpowers. Lucidia, Jurai, Cyrn, Calaban, all of those are to be in 
her name." Trinth replied, closing his arms around Mihoshi. He felt her 
body shaking very slightly within his embrace. 
"Beloved, you are trembling."
	"I am afraid."
	"What of?"
	"What the future will hold."
	Silently, Trinth agreed.
	
	In another corner of the gardens, Lady Sasami was enjoying the 
company of her escorts and her daughter. Also nearby were three of her 
newfound family's closest members; her half-sister, Duchess Trinay 
Milodon, Baron Atore Teylono, Azure's newlywed Godfather and his wife, 
the newly crowned Baroness, Washu Teylono- Hakubi. It still gave her a 
chuckle to think of how everyone was now linked. Tenchi, Ayeka, and 
Ryoko, all declared their love for each other after an all night binge 
on a bottle of very pricey champagne nine years ago. Washu is Ryoko's 
mother, so she is her mother-in-law and now that Atore and Washu wed 
after a whirlwind romance that practically bankrupted the Baron, 
Teylono was her father-in-law. Mihoshi had been her sister for years 
now, as had Trinay. And the only offspring to have been borne of this 
maddened familial horde was her little Azure. One big family, that was 
the perfect way to describe the whole lot of them. 
	"Your Worshipfulness?" she heard Lacent's light lilting voice 
call. Sasami looked over to him. The guard was sitting on the ledge of 
the garden's central fountain. "Your Worshipfulness, might I trouble 
you with the queries of a far lesser mind?" he asked. Sasami nodded and 
took a seat by the fountain alongside the Calab guard. 
	"So, what is it you need, Lacent?" she asked kindly. 
	"I am suffering from a malady of the soul, my Duchess. It pains 
me to think of it, yet I must face it with every waking moment." Lacent 
said sadly. "I know not how to approach this most anguished state. And 
so, I bring my troubles to you, my most wise Duchess." 
	"What troubles may those be, Sir Lacent?" Sasami asked lightly. 
She was intrigued by this chance to speak personally to her guard. 
	"The Lady Azure, she will ascend to the throne within my 
lifetime, will she not?" He asked worriedly. 
	"I believe so. You Calabs do lead long lives, generally 
speaking."
	"Then, she will need guards worthy of her status, guards who can 
defend her from all evils and terrors so that her reign will outstrip 
their lives. Am I correct in thinking this, Your Worshipfulness?" 
	"I should think so. A person with her power may have many 
enemies."
	"Lady Sasami?" Lacent stated lowly. The Juraiin Duchess was 
startled by his use of her given name instead of a reverent title. "Am 
I worthy of the chance to defend your daughter, the Lady Azure?" The 
guard's frame seemed to slump as he asked the question. It was apparent 
that he was deeply troubled by it indeed. She placed her hands upon his 
shoulders and kissed his forehead. The guard practically jumped out of 
his skin as she did this. His gaze met hers, questioning the action she 
had just took. 
	"My dear Lacent," she said warmly. "I can think of no other 
person I could trust or wish for more to protect my daughter than you. 
I look forward to seeing you and Kaitan at Azure's side when the time 
comes." The knight brightened at his ruler's assurances. He called to 
his partner. 
	"Kaitan! We are to defend Azure! So it has been spoken by 
Archduchess Sasami herself!" he shouted joyously. The burly Kaitan shut 
his eyes and bowed deeply in Sasami's direction. 
	"Truly, I was blessed by the Falcon upon my birth for never did I 
believe that my purpose in this life would be of such great value." He 
spoke solemnly. 
	"Those two certainly take their job far too seriously." Atore 
whispered to his wife as they stood arm in arm at the garden's center 
archway. "I should bring them along to spend a day or ten wine drinking 
and womanizing." Washu chuckled and patted her husband on the head. 
	"A good idea for you, honey, but those two are in bliss right 
now." Washu reminded the Lucidian. "After all, to them, defending the 
Milodon Household is a privilege given by the Falcon itself. A holy 
calling, as it was." She cackled and pushed his shoulder. "Anyway, what 
are you doing considering wine and women after all I give you at 
night."  The Baron, caught off guard by his wife's move, tripped over 
his cloak and sprawled onto the grass. But his reflexes were quick 
enough to catch her by the waist pulling her down onto the turf with 
him. 
	"The battle is mine." He crowed delightfully as his petite wife's 
body fell atop his. The redhead smiled devilishly and played with a 
lock of his jet-black hair.
 	"And to the victor go the spoils." She added coyly. 
	"Ahem, Atore. Washu." Trinay interrupted. Voicing her obvious 
disapproval at what was about to take place in plain sight of Azure. 
	"A thousand apologies, Duchess Trinay." Atore chuckled suavely as 
he hugged his wife close to him. 
	"Add mine to that too, dear." Washu laughed. "You know what us 
newly-weds are like. Just bursting with love at all the seams." 
	
()	 Laughter, I could always count on Washu and Atore for that. 
Well, laughter and surprises. After all, I was unaware that they even 
liked each other, let alone that they were in love. As it turned out, 
Washu spent quite a bit of time with Atore after we left Earth. They 
didn't really date, more like they met at places and talked. But, 
somehow, they fell in love. The most interesting thing was the calming 
effect the Baron had on her. I remember walking in on the pair of them 
in Washu's lab one time when I was visiting on Earth. They didn't know 
I was there, but I saw got to see just how they really are together.

	**Five years ago on Earth**

	"So, how is the resident scientist today?" Atore asked Washu as 
he removed his sport coat. "I hope that you haven't encountered 
anything beyond your powers of comprehension." Washu turned on her 
cushion and smiled as the Lucidian bent down to offer her an 
affectionate hug. 
	"Just why a certain Baron is so insistent about his presence." 
She stated innocently. "Makes me wonder about his interests."
	"Ah, so you accuse me of impurity of thought?" retorted Teylono. 
" I have no such inclinations. Is it a crime to think of you as 
physically stimulating as well as mentally simply because you appear so 
young and I so old? Such is a byproduct of age, I suppose. But 
experience can only be bred of maturity and that is what keeps your 
interest, am I right?"
	"Well put, honey. Completely wrong, but well put." Washu shook 
her head as she rose to her feet. "My interest in you is for a 
completely different reason altogether."
	"I know." Atore stated with a solemn nod. "I know this is 
difficult for you. Feelings of the present are often clouded by 
memories of the past." Washu felt the Baron's warm hands wrap around 
her small waist. She leaned close to him as he kissed her upon the nape 
of her neck. "Small one, I cannot take away the pain that must dwell 
within you. But, I can offer peace to the restlessness that has driven 
you so far into this realm of calculations and formulae." The red-
haired woman looked at this man who was holding her so lovingly. 
To her, he was fairly handsome. Moderately tall, short cut jet-
black hair with a small gray fringe around the front, dark green eyes 
set into a rugged, refined face with thin, smiling lips, a fair body, 
not very athletic but nowhere near out of shape either, dressed in tan 
slacks and a plain white dress shirt. She did feel close to him, in 
fact, she knew she loved him. But, after what had happened so long ago, 
loving someone was no longer enough for her. She had tried to explain 
that to Atore, but he paid it no mind and continued caring for her all 
the same.
"Your heart is going to get you hurt around me, Teylono." Washu 
warned him quietly. "What you feel for me can't ever be fulfilled. Why 
can't you see that?" 
"If I'm to be hurt, why is it your words are the ones that seem 
to be spoken with pain?" asked the Lucidian. "Small one, I know of no 
one who can survive loneliness forever" Washu began to pull away from 
him, but Atore lifted her chin to keep her from looking away from him. 
She saw that he was near tears. 
"Washu, I will say now that despite my best intentions I will 
leave you. I will grow old, I will die, and there will be times that 
aren't the most pleasant in the world. But knowing that doesn't keep me 
from handing you my heart on a silver platter and telling you it's 
yours to do with as you wish. I only have a lifetime to give." Atore 
ran a hand through her blazing red hair and sighed. "But I'm willing to 
give you that entire lifetime."
"I don't know what to say." Washu stammered. "I haven't done 
anything like this, felt anything like this, in so long." 
"There's nothing to say that I don't see you already expressing, 
Small one." Commented the Lucidian. "After all, there are only two 
things I need to hear from you in regards to our future."
"What might those be?" Washu asked curiously as a knowing smile 
formed on her lips. Baron Teylono let go of her body and walked over to 
where he had hung up his sport coat. He reached into its pocket, 
withdrew a small box, and tossed over into Washu's hands.
"The first is 'I will'," he stated suavely as the scientist 
opened the box. "And the second is 'I do'."
"You cunning little devil." She chuckled. "Of course the answer 
is yes."

||	Mihoshi continued her wanderings into the vast gardens of the 
Great Hall. Looking for something to comfort her, she finds solace in 
little of her grand surroundings. Their splendor, their beauty, none of 
it was important. She smiled weakly as Trinay's own meandering path 
crossed hers.
	"Sister, why are you out in the gardens today?" she asked.
	"I thought it would be wise to escape the bureaucracy for a time. 
Would you mind if I walked with you for a while, dear sister? These 
days I feel terribly alone." 
"I'd be happy if you did, Trinay." Mihoshi replied. The pair 
walked together in silence. Neither tried to break the solemn silence 
that hung in the air. Indeed, their emotions during this time were 
being made perfectly clear to each other.
"I can not stand the provincial governors right now. They persist 
with demands that the kingdom be turned over to Azure." Spoke Trinay 
after sometime.
	"But, Azure's only a little girl. Why would they want her for a 
ruler instead of waiting for Trinth?" Questioned Mihoshi.
	"It's a simple matter of control, dear sister. If one of the 
governors had a request he would be far more likely to have it 
fulfilled by a ten year old child then her near two millennia old 
father." 
	"I see." Commented Mihoshi. "So you're delaying them while Sasami 
teaches Azure how to rule."
	"No." answered Trinay flatly. "I am awaiting the return of my 
brother." A messenger ran up to the Calab duchess and whispered 
something inaudible into her ear. A slight infuriated pause played 
prelude to her bidding farewell to her sister for the day.
	"It appears that I cannot escape my duties. Good day, dear 
sister." She stated briskly as she walked off, berating the messenger 
along the way.

()	She's a lot surer of herself now. I suppose that her constant 
dealings with the bureaucracy have given her a bit more confidence. She 
does need it, though. I spent one day with the regional governors and I 
was completely exhausted. They are an extremely self-serving group of 
individuals. The only things that seem to concern them are rank, 
stature, and profit. Hardly 'noble' at all, I think. There is one 
exception though, he rules over the province of Parthan in the 
mountainous regions to the west of Ghechana. His name is Naris Tolutey, 
a Rhequan. I met him at one of the last parties Trinth and I attended 
outside of our family. I wish I remembered the night we met for less 
than that reason.

	**Two years ago**
	The Great Hall's ballroom was overflowing with people as the 
regional governors and their companions arrived. It was to be a grand 
event celebrating Trinth's nineteen hundredth birthday. Not one person 
in attendance could disagree that their Archduke was deserving of a bit 
of accolade. After all, between his conquests, adventures, and illicit 
romances, he had still somehow found the time and skill to maintain 
Calaban's position as the commercial capitol of the Empire. The 
squabbles over his religion had finally been forgotten, now it was the 
breadth of his mind that was noted above all else. That and the 
extraordinary beauty of his wives. 
	"Now, Azure. I want you to be polite to all of the dignitaries in 
attendance." Sasami was saying to her young daughter as they entered 
the ballroom. "Some of them may appear a bit odd, but as a future 
Archduchess you must learn to understand and appreciate all of our 
Empire's cultures."
	"Of course, mother. I would certainly not want a war on my 
conscience." The little princess said cheekily. Her deep blue eyes 
glimmered with youthful excitement and just a wee bit of mischief. 
Sasami sighed, it was the exact look that Trinth got before he did 
something far beyond others' expectations. "Mother, will Mother Mihoshi 
also be in attendance tonight?"
	"Actually, she has vowed never to leave your father's side during 
the party." Sasami chuckled as the pair made their way through the 
masses gathered in the ballroom. Many of the nobles parted way as the 
mother and daughter strode towards Trinth and Mihoshi. Both seemed to 
be engaged in a lively conversation with a strange man. Exceedingly 
strange, as he appeared to have been dipped in chromium metal. 
	"Ah Dearheart." Trinth stated warmly, setting down his drink and 
bending over to kiss her cheek. "Glad to see you are here." He turned 
to the guest he had been speaking with. "Governor Tolutey, I'd like you 
to meet the second of my wives, Sasami of Jurai." 
	"You have quite the appetite, Trinth Milodon, to require two 
women of such panache to satisfy you" He said jokingly. His voice was 
strangely composed, as if it were actually a chorus of persons 
speaking. Equally odd was his outfit; it had no visible seams or 
texture and no definite color, instead the colors shifted depending on 
the light. 
	"Mother." Whispered Azure to Sasami, "Is this what you mean by 
not being shocked by the odd appearance of other races?" The governor, 
apparently hearing Azure's comment looked down at her and laughed. 
	"So you are my future Archduchess?" he asked, smiling broadly. "I 
can see that the Milodon name and nature will carry on very well." 
Sasami breathed a sigh of relief, she was extremely grateful that the 
governor was not an easily offended man. 
	"Naris? Are you going to continue telling us about the lunar 
celebrations on Rhequa?" Mihoshi persisted, seemingly a bit tipsy. The 
Cyrnian woman had obviously been enjoying herself more than usual at 
this function. Equally obvious was that Trinth had been partaking of 
spirits at a similarly high rate. 
	"Yes, my good man, tell my wives of the wild raging infernos of 
lust that consume Rhequa on the eve of a lunar alignment." Trinth 
added. "I remember one time back nigh on three centuries."
	"When you advanced upon seventeen women and only had intercourse 
with three?" asked the metallic man. The two men doubled over laughing, 
clutching at their sides as Trinth attempted to explain.
	"Well, such is the luck of a Calab when the nights are long. If 
you catch my drift." 
	"Oh? So now you claim temporary impotence?"
	"No Naris, I claim a lovely young Siyand the night previous to 
the festivities." Trinth stated boldly through his laughter. 
	"They are making quite a scene of themselves." Sasami said 
quietly to her co-wife. "Carrying on like that is hardly a wise thing 
to do."
	"Oh Sasami, come on. It's a party." Mihoshi responded. The blonde 
threw her arms around the other duchess and boldly kissed her on the 
lips. The men laughed even harder as they watched the situation unfold. 
"We should have lots of fun tonight. Governor Tolutey here has been 
telling me all about the practices of his people and they sound like a 
blast." She giggled and continued holding onto Sasami, who in turn 
tried not to make it too apparent that she was struggling to break 
free. 
	"Trinth?" Sasami inferred sweetly. "What exactly have you and 
Governor Tolutey been telling her?" nodding down towards the Cyrnian 
who just latched onto her waist.
	"Most likely about the Rhequan orgies that allow for a mutual 
exploration of sexuality amongst all races and genders, Mother." Azure 
spoke up. "Grandmother Misaki told me she attended one a long time ago 
with Father." Sasami was stunned into silence as her daughter stood up 
straight and addressed Tolutey. "Sazeyno kapen setra vey, Naris 
Tolutey." Azure stammered out in the same multi-leveled voice that the 
Rhequan noble had used. The whole room went quiet as the governor knelt 
down on one knee in front of the young Duchess. 
	"Kavey yooinaet, Azure Milodon." He said solemnly, as a tear 
rolled down his silvery cheek. The room broke out in joyful applause. 
The nobles present shouted their approval of the young duchess.
	"What did she say, Trinth?" Sasami asked. Trinth smiled as he 
watched the bureaucrats crowding around Trinay with awe and reverence 
upon their faces.
	"The exact words are difficult to translate." Trinth answered. 
"But the rough meaning is 'I understand your pleasures and take them as 
my own.' At least, that's from what I remember."
	"And Governor Tolutey's reply." Asked Mihoshi.
	"Kavey yooinaet, a declaration of friendship and respect. It 
means literally 'Love and Trust', M'lady." The Archduke informed his 
wife. He smiled proudly. "Sasami, Mihoshi, our daughter is going to be 
a wondrous ruler. You are teaching her well." The Juraiin woman looked 
nervous for a moment. 
	"But Trinth, neither of us have taught her anything about 
Rhequa." 
	Trinth looked out towards his daughter. She was standing in the 
center of the ballroom, flanked closely by the ever present Lacent and 
Kaitan, with all of the nobles about her. Each had questions and 
comments and she was dealing with them masterfully. Azure was 
addressing each one in their native language. Her gestures and speech 
were impeccable. No flaw, no effort, nothing but brilliance was being 
exuded from his daughter.
	"Tonight," he said quietly, "we have witnessed my nineteen-
hundredth birthday come and go. We have celebrated my past 
accomplishments, a victory here, a battle there and so on. But right 
now, my greatest deed in my life is getting the recognition she 
deserves."
	Sasami and Mihoshi leaned upon their husband's shoulders and 
wrapped their arms around him. Each silently professing their deep love 
for the Calab who had seen so much with them. For Sasami, Trinth 
represented the true nobility. A spirit lodged deep in honor and 
tradition, faith and courtesy, love and beauty. Trinth was an ideal 
realized for Sasami and she was glad for him.
	For Mihoshi, Trinth was much simpler. He loved her and she loved 
him. Every day, Mihoshi woke up to see his battle scarred body and 
every day, she loved to caress and sooth that body. The nights they 
spent together were almost magical to her. And the days were dreams 
come true. At least, they were when he was there to enjoy them.
 	"Trinth." Mihoshi whispered into his ear.
	"Yes love?"
	"Are you going to tell them?"
	"Not now, I'm still needed by the bureaucracy."
	"Please, Trinth. Don't let them run you ragged for the next 
hundred years."
	"I'll stop when it is time."
	Mihoshi's eyes were near tears at Trinth's refusal. Still, he 
insisted on his tiring regime of meetings and council hearings. Only 
through sleeping for two days straight had he found the energy to stand 
fully on his own at this night's celebration. Wasn't Azure proving at 
this very moment that she was capable of acting as someone of her 
stature at this very instant? 
	"Trinth, I don't want you to keep doing thi."
	Mihoshi's protests were interrupted by the sound of gunfire 
echoing from the ballroom floor. Shots rained down from the balconies 
towards Azure. Guests scattered and nobles crouched to the ground to 
avoid the bullets. The royal family themselves ducked beneath a nearby 
table.
	"Azure!" shrieked Sasami as she watched her daughter, still 
standing upright, become the target for the gunmen. Yet another shot 
rang out and it could be heard slicing its way through the air down 
towards the little girl.
	"I cannot allow this!" Bellowed Kaitan as he sprang in front of 
Azure, letting the bullet puncture his body and explode on impact. 
Azure screamed in horror as she watched her mother's faithful guard 
slump to the ground. His body ripped apart by the explosive shell. Not 
a moment later, Lacent grabbed her about the waist and ran with her 
back to her awaiting family. He winced as small arms fire riddled his 
torso. 
	"Lord Falcon." He prayed as he sprinted across the ballroom. 
"Allow this child to live." Trinth mustered up his strength and dove 
out onto the floor. Desperately, he scrambled across the floor in a mad 
attempt to get to the guardsman who was failing in his valiant effort 
to transport Azure to safety. They met with one quarter of the way to 
go. Both covered Azure with their bodies, huddling over her as they 
made their way back to the relative safety of the table. 
	"I have. protected the. Duchess Azure." Gasped Lacent. Sasami 
hugged her daughter close to her while Azure stared down at her hands. 
They were covered with the guard's blood.
	"Father?" she asked. "Why is this happening?"
	"I have no idea, but at the moment there is another brave fellow 
on that floor who is a bit more of a concern of mine." Trinth grabbed 
the guard's pistol and looked back at his wives. "I have a debt to that 
man out there. It shall be repaid." For a moment, the old look of fire 
returned to Trinth's eyes as he rolled back out onto the floor, rapidly 
firing the pistol at the balconies. He dashed to Kaitan, just as one of 
the assassins jumped from the balcony.  
	"Lucidia shall forever be free, Milodon." The assassin shouted as 
he aimed his gun at the Archduke. 
	"Impudent braggart!" yelled Trinth as he pulled the trigger of 
his pistol, firing a single bullet into the skull of his attacker. 
"Come on, Kaitan, your mistresses await." He stated reassuringly as he 
hoisted the burly guard onto his shoulder. Trinth teetered for a moment 
as he struggled to cope with Kaitan's weight. Finally, he managed it 
and rushed back to the table. He pulled Kaitan beneath it just as 
another spread of fire blanketed the area. 
	"Excellency, it was foolish of you to risk your life for mine." 
Kaitan mumbled. Mihoshi tore off the guard's tunic, revealing several 
deep gashes upon his chest. She choked back a tear as she tried to use 
her dress to wipe back a bit of the blood.
	"Who would do this? We haven't harmed anyone." She asked sadly.
	"Lucidian Nationalists." Trinth stated abruptly, as he looked out 
from beneath the table. "There are those who disagree with Atore's 
choice of heiress. That Lucidia is falling under Calaban rule disgusts 
those who are accustomed to mere inclusion in the Empire." 
	"It makes no sense." Sobbed Mihoshi as she looked at her beloved 
guards. 
	"I agree." Added Sasami. "This is meaningless." 
	"Your Grace." Interrupted Lacent, his voice wracked with pain. "I 
request a word with you in this desperate hour."
	"Your Worship, I too wish to speak with you." Spoke Kaitan. The 
duchesses crawled over to their respective guards and listened to them. 
	"Our time grows short, dear ladies of House Milodon. I fear we 
will become a burden upon you before long." Began Kaitan.
	"A long time ago, we made a decision that the Royal Family was 
more important to us then our very lives. Now, we must face that 
decision." Continued Lacent. 
	"There is a very powerful explosive device upon each of us. You 
will find it within our gloves." Stated Kaitan. Each duchess removed 
the gloves of the guards and handed them the small detonator. 
	"Now, please, let us return to the center of the room. We will 
detonate the devices and bring safety to you once again." Lacent 
finished explaining the plan.
	"No, Lacent you can't do this. There's another way, I'm sure of 
it." Mihoshi pleaded. 
	"Lady Mihoshi." Lacent said weakly. "We have finished our role in 
this life. Our highest calling has been answered. Duchess Azure is 
safe. We cannot outlive our usefulness."
	"Please, dear ladies, allow us to serve you one last time." 
Begged Kaitan. The duchesses wiped away their tears, and nodded. 
Mihoshi bent down and kissed Lacent.
	"I'll never forget you, you dear sweet man." She vowed as he 
crawled out from beneath the table. 
	"I hope this day never escapes you, Lady Azure." Kaitan said 
reverently. "Please, take note of the fluid that covers your innocent 
hands and be sure that it never flows again during your reign." With 
that, the second of the Calab guards crawled out to the center of the 
ballroom and the Royal family fled the Great Hall.

 () 	"Forever the Milodon Family." Those were their last words. My 
beloved guards, they were faithful to the very end. Soon after the 
disaster of that night, Naris found and executed the leaders of the 
Lucidian Nationalists. My guards were entombed in a beautiful crypt in 
the gardens. Trinth spoke very little at their funeral. I think he was 
shocked by the event. There were no signs that anything like it was 
going to happen. It just happened and there was no way to prevent it 
from where he was. Trinth might have been feeling helpless at that 
time. But I knew something was desperately wrong now. And, I had 
noticed something that night. Trinth had been missing his daggers. I 
chose not to make anything out of it at the time, but within three 
months time, I spoke to him about it.

**One year ago**

	"I lost them, that's all." The archduke professed to his wife as 
she sat in his study. His appearance had altered greatly since he had 
first set foot on Calaban. His once proud upright carriage now stooped 
down. The blue eyes that once sparkled with power were now dull and 
lifeless. And his hair, his regal mane of silver locks was now a 
frayed, dull gray mess. 
	"I can't believe you'd just lose your daggers. Weren't they 
important to you?" Mihoshi demanded. She couldn't accept her husband's 
attitude.	
"M'lady, you're concerning yourself with minute details. There is 
nothing to worry over." Trinth said in a shaky tone.
"You don't even believe that." Mihoshi cried out. She ran crying 
from his study, passing Sasami as she rushed away from Trinth. The 
Juraiin woman took one look at the situation. It was plain to see that 
Mihoshi had just confronted Trinth about the fear both of them had 
shared; that he was no longer the man he was. Sasami weighed her 
choices carefully then stepped into her husband's study.
"May I come in?" she asked gently. Trinth looked to her sadly and 
nodded. She walked over to him and placed a hand on his shoulder. He 
seemed to wince at her touch.
"Dearheart, have I changed that much?" he asked quietly. Sasami 
hesitated to answer. "I have, haven't I?" Trinth continued. "This 
morning, I exhausted myself getting dressed. It used to be that an 
entire platoon of attacking soldiers couldn't even wind me. It's 
humiliating." Sasami remained quiet. Trinth wasn't truly talking to 
her, simply thinking aloud. Now wasn't the time to interject.
"You and Mihoshi deserve someone of far higher caliber than I. 
I've deteriorated while here on Calaban of my own free will. I let the 
bureaucrats get the better of me, let them run me into the ground, let 
them chain me to my desk. I let them tear me from those I love. What 
sort of man allows that to happen to him?" 
Sasami gently pulled Trinth down onto the sofa he had placed in 
his study. She drew him close to her, gently stroking his shoulder as 
he laid his head upon her lap. 
"You're still our husband, Trinth." Sasami said soothingly. "You 
have changed, but the way we feel for you hasn't." Trinth sighed as his 
wife's caresses calmed him. "You need rest. We all need a vacation, I 
think. A trip to Earth, perhaps?" Trinth nodded sleepily in agreement. 
"Then it's settled, we will all return to Earth for as long as it 
takes for you to regain your strength." Sasami said as she slowly 
stood, leaving her husband lying upon the sofa, steadily falling 
asleep. "Rest now, my husband." She said lovingly as she stepped out of 
the study and shut its door.
"Part one of my plan accomplished." Sasami breathed a sign of 
relief as she shut the study door behind herself. "Now I just need to 
find Mihoshi and calm her down. Then, we're off to Earth."

Sasami easily found her co-wife, as there were only a few places 
where she'd go when distressed. As it was a rather dreary day, there 
was little chance the Cyrnian woman would be out in the gardens. Also, 
it was far to early in the day for Mihoshi to retire to her chambers. 
This left the Great Hall's library as the last option. Sure enough, 
Sasami found the blonde sprawled across one of the many sofas in the 
library, sobbing lightly while staring at her old picture of Trinth.
"Oh Trinth, what's happening to you?" Mihoshi moaned. 
"Am I interrupting anything?" Sasami asked. Mihoshi sat straight 
up and tried to hide that she'd been crying. 
"Nothing, why?" she asked, the tears still evident in her voice. 
Sasami sat down next to her and gave her a light hug.
"You don't have to hide anything from me. We're sisters, 
remember?" 
"Yeah, I know." Mihoshi said weakly. "I'm just worried about 
Trinth."
"Who isn't, these days?" Sasami commented. "Between his health 
and his growing stress, I think he's about on the verge of a nervous 
breakdown. Trinay knows it. Atore knows it. You and I certainly know it 
and I think that Trinth knows it as well."
"Then why doesn't he do anything about it?" Mihoshi persisted.
"Sense of duty to his people. Blind sense, though it may be. He 
honestly thinks he's doing what is best for Calaban."
"No matter what it does to himself." Mihoshi added cynically.
"Guilt is a powerful weapon and the bureaucrats are using it very 
well. They have maneuvered Trinth into a position where he sees the 
troubles on Calaban as being caused by his absence." 
"Poor Trinth. I wish they'd leave him alone." 
"They'll have to for a while." Sasami said mischievously. 
"What did you do?" Mihoshi asked, wide-eyed with curiosity.
"I've convinced our dear husband to take a recreational leave 
with us to Earth. We'll be on vacation until he gets his strength back 
and not a second sooner." 
"That's wonderful!" Mihoshi said gleefully. "I'm so excited. 
We'll get to go back to Earth and see how Tenchi and Ayeka and Ryoko 
are doing. Will Atore and Washu come along?"
"Of course. Baron Teylono said ruling Lucidia has been nowhere 
near as enjoyable as running Conundrum. Trinay has already agreed to 
take care of the bureaucrats in Trinth's absence and Azure is already 
packing her things." 
"So we're going?" Mihoshi asked happily. She jumped up upon the 
sofa. "Oh Wow! Thank you Sasami. This is going to be wonderful." Sasami 
laughed at the blonde. It was good to see her back to her old self.

() So we set out for Earth aboard the Gilded Talon. We all were 
so glad to be back on Earth. After so long, nothing had changed. Well, 
Ayeka and Ryoko were a lot friendlier to each other and Tenchi seemed a 
bit happier with life. Trinth's cottage still stood in the hills to the 
north. Sasami jokingly nicknamed the little house the "Love Nest". It 
fit, especially during the later weeks of the vacation as Trinth began 
to recover. Wanting to prevent this in the future, Sasami and I 
demanded that Washu give Trinth a complete physical.

**One year ago**

"Well Trinth, if I had good news I'd give you it." Washu said to 
the Archduke as he dressed. "You're suffering from, amongst other 
things, insomnia, malnutrition, exhaustion, and muscle tissue 
deterioration. What the hell did you do to yourself?" 
"Do we have complete doctor-patient confidentiality?" Trinth 
questioned as he fastened his shirt cuffs. Washu hesitated then nodded. 
Trinth looked over both his shoulders and whispered to Washu. 
"Then you won't tell Mihoshi or Sasami about how I need another 
woman." 
Shocked, Washu slapped Trinth with all her strength. Near crying, 
she screamed at Trinth.
"How could you? How could you do that to Mihoshi? Or to Sasami?" 
Trinth shut his eyes and coughed a bit.
"It wasn't my idea, nor do I want another woman." He said firmly.
"Makes sense. You're only doing this because you have to." Washu 
said sarcastically.
"Exactly." Trinth said deadpan. Washu practically fell over out 
of disbelief. 
"What?" she asked weakly.
"Take a good look at my hormonal enzyme levels, then compare them 
to what they were ten years ago." Washu did so upon her computer. 
Startlingly, his levels were now half what they were when he had met 
Mihoshi. Washu thought a moment, then ran brought up her medical 
readouts on Trinay. She smirked and turned to Trinth.
"That confirms it. Oops." She laughed. "I'm sorry Trinth, I 
totally forgot about the whole Calab enzyme transfer thing."
"All is forgiven." He said sheepishly. "I'm sure you understand 
what has been going on. In my staunch devotion to my wives, I've 
reduced the number of hormones in my bloodstream to dangerous levels. 
Trinay has been trying to convince me to find a Calab woman to bed down 
with to restore myself, but I refused." He paused and looked away, as 
if he could see his wives even from the depths of the lab. "I just 
couldn't convince myself to go along with it."
"You really are something else, Trinth. Luckily, I have the 
solution." Washu remarked. Trinth looked a tad bit apprehensive.
"I thought you didn't approve of such behavior?" He said shakily 
as Washu slowly walked towards him.
"I'd only inject you that way if you asked." She replied with a 
hint of exasperation. Grabbing his arm, she dragged him back to the 
console of her computer. "My plan was to remove the enzymes from 
Trinay, then replicate them with a few minor alterations. That way, 
should you ever be in this situation again, you could have, for lack of 
a better term," she held up a beaker filled with a clear fluid, "liquid 
Calab sex through a simple injection." 
"Thank the Falcon for modern medicine." Trinth chuckled. I 
suppose that would work quite well, if being a bit dull." Washu could 
already sense the energy returning to the Archduke. She couldn't resist 
joking with him a bit more.
"You know, my offer still stands. I could put on that black dress 
you always liked."
"I think I'll just go and get Trinay for you." Trinth bowed out 
of the lab gracefully and quickly dashed off.
"You know, if you push the right buttons, that Calab can be just 
as fun as Tenchi." Washu smiled to herself and began preparing the lab 
for the delicate surgery work that was going to be soon in coming.

() Trinth and Trinay never told me about what went on with Washu 
during our vacation, but since Trinth was back to his old self I 
decided not to worry about it. We had so much fun together on Earth. 
Sasami was showing Azure all around the shrine. The little girl was so 
amazed by Earth. I think it was the first time I had ever seen Azure 
acting like a child. She would run about, chasing the autumn leaves, 
finding new things to discover at every corner. Sasami found her way 
into the kitchen very quickly, as did Baron Teylono. He designated 
himself the royal taste-tester and declared that no dish would touch 
the table without his approval. Tenchi seemed to have grown up a lot 
since we had left. He was very gracious and kind, as usual, but he also 
seemed to be very deep in though and the way he treated Ayeka and Ryoko 
was so wonderful. Both seemed to have reached a sort of neutral 
attitude towards each other. Almost an affection, and Tenchi was the 
recipient of all the affection those two had, and the one who returned 
those affections readily and easily. Everybody loves everybody. I think 
that says it all. I heard Trinth and Ryoko talking about it after 
dinner one night on the porch steps.

**One Year Ago**

"So, looks like you actually did get married." Ryoko said mildly 
as she sat down next to Trinth. She smiled and looked up at the sky. "I 
never would have thought it seven hundred years ago." Trinth leaned 
back to see the stars and smiled.
"Seven hundred years ago, I didn't think you'd ever settle down, 
Ryoko." Trinth replied gently. "I'd say we both have grown up a bit 
since then."
"It's funny isn't it?" Ryoko continued. "You're playing the part 
of doting husband, loving father, and peaceable monarch and I'm sitting 
here on Earth trying to figure out cooking and cleaning."
"What an end for our stories, right?" Trinth sighed.
"You know, I don't see it that way." Ryoko said matter-of-factly. 
She took Trinth's hands in her own and pulled him to his feet, then 
walked into the front yard. "Trinth, do you remember what we said we'd 
do if I ever got out of the cave? We said we'd stop fighting forever 
and fall madly in love. Remember?" Trinth nodded.
"We did say that. But, we failed to carry it out." 
"No we didn't. We never said it had to be with each other, and I 
know I've stopped fighting." A wry smile crossed Ryoko's face and she 
reached into her kimono. "I think you decided to stop to, since you 
can't fight without." slowly, she withdrew the items she held in the 
confines of her dress and handed them to the Archduke. "These." 
Trinth's hands wrapped around the familiar hilts of his daggers, they 
felt just as perfectly formed to his palms as they were when he first 
unsheathed them. 
"I didn't. How did you? Why did you?" Trinth seemed to be choking 
on the words as he looked at his weapons. Ryoko put a hand on his 
shoulder and spoke reassuringly to him.
"I was watching you when you threw them into the lake." She said. 
Her words were heartfelt and sincere. "At first, I thought you were 
about to run off. I admit, I was skeptical, and maybe even a little 
hopeful because, if you did, then I could chase you and it would be 
like old times. Then I heard what you said, and saw what you did and I 
realized that the old times weren't all that great." Ryoko looked 
square into his eyes, he looked back with the same intent. "I'm happy 
now. I think you are too. Am I right?" 
"Ryoko, you are quite correct." Trinth said thoughtfully. "Just 
the other day, I sat down with Azure and listened to her telling me 
about all the things she wants to do when she's Archduchess. I remember 
thinking to myself just how eager she is to get on the throne and 
laughing. Did you know that she wants her first act as Archduchess of 
Calaban to be the complete abolishment of height restrictions at 
amusement parks?" The two friends burst out in laughter and sighed.
"I suppose this it was a normal life is like." Ryoko said 
wistfully.
"No, this is what a happy life is like." Trinth replied. He 
slipped his dagger sheathes over his shoulders, the straps still fit 
perfectly against his chest. His hands closed around the hilts of the 
daggers and his body stiffened. "Ryoko." He said quietly, "How much of 
a head start would you like?" She grinned and began charging one of her 
swords in her fist. 
"What brought this on?" she asked vivaciously as she fell into a 
defensive stance. 
"I just need to see how far I've fallen behind." The Calab 
charged at the former space pirate, daggers drawn, and slashed at her. 
Ryoko laughed loudly as she jumped back. 
"That was fairly unimpressive." She joked as Trinth drew back. He 
smirked and crouched down upon one knee, then lunged at her. Ryoko 
leapt over him as he skidded to halt and turned. 
"By the Falcon." Trinth exclaimed. "You're giving me a bit of 
difficulty here." He paused, then a wry smile formed upon his lips. He 
rushed to the tree line along Ryoko's side and hurled a dagger past 
her. The blade neatly cut the sash of her kimono, letting it unravel 
about her. Her eyes grew wide as saucers as she frantically gathered 
the fabric in front of her body. She glared at where the dagger had 
been thrown from, only to find the spot empty.
"Why so bashful, Ryoko? It's nothing I haven't seen before." A 
sly voice spoke from behind her. She felt the cold metal of the dagger 
against the nape of her neck and laughed.
"You cheated." She said quietly. "But, I can't blame you. After 
all, you've got a perfect record to uphold." Trinth sheathed his dagger 
and removed his cape. He placed it about her shoulders and kissed her 
cheek. 
"Ryoko, I can't thank you enough." He said. "You've reminded me 
of a lot of things I'd forgotten." She smiled and put her hand on his 
shoulder. 
"I only wish I could do more, but, Mihoshi deserves you more." 
She said reassuringly. "Besides, I can have Tenchi any night I want so 
a fling with you isn't on my mind." The pair laughed and bid each other 
good night. 

() I guess I never realized just how close Ryoko and Trinth were. 
It was kind of interesting how they treated each other. Trinth hadn't 
ever really told me much about what he and Ryoko had talked about while 
she was in the cave. I don't think I ever really wanted to know, 
either. That night, Trinth sat down with Sasami and I to talk with us. 
He had come to a decision.

|| Mihoshi pushed open the wooden door to her bedroom. Since 
Trinth had left, she and Sasami had seen no reason to stay in the same 
room. Night was fast approaching. Another day without her love was 
ending. She drew closed the curtains of the window that overlooked 
Ghechana. The city's bright lights would soon be reflected off of the 
Cherdya River's expanse. "A beacon to the universe." Trinth had once 
called it. She disrobed and walked over to her body length mirror. The 
same faded picture of Trinth still sat alongside it.

**One year ago**

"My loves, I have put a great deal of thought into this. I am not 
a ruler. I am not a political figure. I am a knight. You are right; 
Azure is nearly old enough to ascend to the throne. I am of no use if I 
cannot control the bureaucracy, but I can make a difference as a 
knight. Therefore, I have decided to set out on one more quest aboard 
the Gilded Talon. I do not know when I will return, but I promise that 
I will return." Trinth spoke softly and lovingly. His eyes were misted 
over with what could almost be called tears. 
"Dearheart." He said as he took Sasami's hands in his. "You must 
continue to teach Azure. She will be the greatest ruler that the Empire 
will ever have seen." Sasami nodded. "Please, my dear little one, don't 
think ever for a moment that I am deserting you and Mihoshi. I swear 
that I will return after I have finished what it is I must do. You're 
very kind and very compassionate, never let them convince you that you 
must be any more than that. When I return, I want you to show all the 
emotion you feel, don't hold anything back for decorum's sake." He 
kissed her gently upon her brow and let go of her hands. His gaze 
rested upon Mihoshi. She was sobbing softly, not daring to look at him. 
"M'lady, this is difficult for you, I am sure." He asked, 
kneeling down to be at eye level with her. 
"I don't want to lose you." She whispered. Trinth let out a 
choked sob and wrapped his arms around her tightly. The two held each 
other closely, both crying, both hating the idea of letting go. 
"My beautiful dearest love," Trinth whispered in her ear. "You 
won't ever lose me. I won't let that happen. Not the depths of space or 
the finality of death itself will keep me from returning to your side. 
I love you." Mihoshi's grip lessened on her husband and he kissed her 
deeply, drawing away from her slowly until he was no longer with them. 
Soon after, the unmistakable sound of the Gilded Talon's engine could 
be heard out side. The battle cruiser's wings dipped low just as it 
sped out of sight, leaving only contrails and the heart of its captain 
behind.
||
"That was one year ago and I'm still waiting for you, Trinth." 
Mihoshi said aloud as she lifted his portrait off of her nightstand. 
"You're probably on you're way back as we speak, right?" Clutching the 
picture to her chest, she laid back upon the bed. "I know you'll come 
back. You promised you would." Mihoshi sighed and gave one last look to 
the stars above, as if she would hear the Talon's engines slowing as 
the ship landed in the Cherdya below, then shut her eyes, still holding 
Trinth's picture close. "Good night, my love." She whispered as she 
fell asleep, knowing that, even still, she would always have her 
Trinth.





Author's comments: Thus it ends. I hope you have all enjoyed Gold 
& Silver in its entirety. To all of those who have graciously sent me 
commentary on this long running epic, I thank you. I particular, I'd 
like to cite Eucep, Lady Jayde,  Hana Noir, Jim "Diabolo" Moore, and 
the good people at Pioneer for everything they've done in keeping this 
fic alive. I hope you continue reading Raygal fiction. The next one is 
meant for all of you Kiyone fans out there. Thank you all again.

Tallgeese Forever!
Craeyst Raygal
