	Hello again readers. Once more I must inform you that I do not own 
Tenchi Muyo or Dune. Also, I am afraid I failed to mention the self-
created planet of Cyrn, where Mihoshi originates from in this fic. So, 
I'm mentioning it now. Nevertheless, enjoy.......
Silver and Gold
Part 2: Awakening of an Aristocrat

	Mihoshi was tired. Tired to the point of exhaustion. Anyone would 
be if they hadn't slept for three whole days. Many would say that to do 
such a thing is foolish, but she knew she had a worthwhile reason. She 
was keeping a vigil on her fantasy love as he clung to the barest thread 
of life. <I have to do this> she thought desperately <A few hours of 
sleep are a small sacrifice to make for someone you love.> Trinth was 
still unconcious. His body was reforming at a steady pace thanks to 
Washu's regeneration chamber but there was still the possibilty that 
something could go wrong and Mihoshi had taken it upon herself to make 
sure everything would be done to prevent that. Washu and herself had 
lucked out once in Trinth's treatment and it wasn't bound to happen 
again. 
	Mihoshi shuddered as she recalled the diagnosis aboard the Yagami 
that the red-haired scientist had given Trinth.
	"It was definitely a disintegration bullet. I designed those 
things during an attack by the masses on the Academy. I never thought 
they'd be used like this." Washu had said with a touch of regret, "The 
bullet creates a minature black hole when it hits its target. The black 
hole exists only for a split-second, just long enough for it to suck in 
all that it can that exists in a ten centimeter perimeter. In this case 
that perimeter was Archduke Milodon's stomach. If this was a normal 
wound of this nature, caused by explosives or a blade, then a regen 
chamber could take care of it no problem. Unfortunately, disintegration 
bullets leave an anti-matter residue on the wound after the black hole 
disippates, thereby preventing any sort of recovery. If he's been like 
this for longer than a week, than the anti-matter will have dissolved 
and he'll be fine for regen. Any less......."
	Mihoshi couldn't even bear to remember that scenario. Luckily, 
Trinth had been like that for long and he could enter regen. The problem 
was the blood loss he had sustained during his period of injury. He 
might heal physically, but his mind may not function properly, or at 
all! Mihoshi paced as she tried her best to keep that thought out of 
mind. <Still no movement.> she thought as she stared at the silohuette 
of Trinth's unclothed body immersed in the regen tank's blue fluid. The 
only detail she could really see was his face. It was illuminated by the 
lights upon the respiration mask he wore inside the tank. 
	"Open your eyes Trinth." she pleaded to the floating figure, "Show 
me that you're still with me. Please join me." she begged as she settled 
back into her chair alongside the tank and slowly succumbed to the 
sandman's demands.
	As if on cue, the eyes of the man in the chamber began to open. 
	<By the falcon! What happened to me?> His panic subsided as his 
vision focused upon a sea of blue. <A regen tank. Of course! Those women 
must have taken me to some sort of medical facilty.> He instictively 
clenched his fists, testing them. <Functional, now what about the big 
one?> his palm touched his right side and thankfully, found that it 
existed. <Wonderful. Now to inform my saviors that I am now amongst the 
living.> Trinth looked around the glass of the chamber to see if there 
was anyone to contact. He spotted Mihoshi's slumbering form. <And Sh'ard 
had said my luck had run out.> he thought wryly as he drifted toward the 
glass pane nearest her and started to tap upon the glass. 
	Mihoshi awoke with a start. She wheeled around to face the sound 
that had interrupted her sleep and found herself looking at a now very 
lively Calab aristocrat. 
	"Washu! Come quick. He's awake!" Mihoshi shouted, barely 
containing her joy . <He's alive! He's alive! He's ALIVE!> the thought 
echoed through her mind like a bell sounding the occurence of a holiday.
	"Mihoshi." Washu's voice called to her. "Thanks for staying and 
monitoring him, but now you should go to sleep. I'll take care of 
everything from here. You need sleep and you will go get some now." 
Washu's tone was that of maternal concern. Mihoshi dared not to argue. 
Instead she made mental note to greet Trinth as soon as she woke the 
next morning. 
	"I'll go Washu," the blonde said with a little yawn, "but I'm just 
going to catch a nap on the couch. I want to talk to Archduke Milodon 
about what happened to him." Mihoshi then vacated the lab. <Tomorrow, 
I'll get to talk to him. Tomorrow, we'll be together. I hope he's as 
great as Grandfather said he is. I really want him to be.>


	Meanwhile in the lab, Washu was checking the sensor readouts on 
the regen chamber's computer. 
	"Looks like you're doing okay." she said gleefully into the tank. 
"I'm going to start draining the solvent. You'll be out in a jiffy." 
With a few keystrokes, the scientist made good on her word as the vat 
began to drain.
	As soon as the tank was empty, Trinth removed the respirator and 
pointed to the vacuum-sealed hatch. Washu nodded and pulled the 
decompression lever on the chamber's side. A hissing sound accompanied 
its opening. Milodon climbed out quickly. 
	"Thank the falcon for modern technology." he mused. His voice rang 
out smoothly and clearly. It was deep and with a gentle, yet exciting, 
tone. He leapt down from his perch atop the machine down to the middle 
of the lab floor with catlike grace. Once upon the floor, he tested his 
different joints. Legs, arms, neck, back, all were in perfect order. 
Washu stood closely by, observing carefully and enjoying every movement 
of the knight's body. Apparently noticing her scrutiny, Trinth turned 
his gaze from his body to lock with her stare. 
	"Madame Hakubi." Trinth said with just a hint of a grin on his 
face, "I am flattered by your interest. However, I would appreciate some 
sort of covering for my body so that I may go retrieve my travel apparel 
from my ship."
	Washu blushed for a brief moment, then laughed heartily. "No 
problem." she said. Grinning at the Calab. "Just give me a second and 
I'll go grab something." She ran off as she finished the sentence.  
	<Thank God Tenchi's asleep. I'd have a hard time explaining 
swiping his pants.> Washu thought as she rifled through his dresser. <We 
both girls have neglected to tell the rest of the gang about the new 
arrival. Mihoshi said she didn't want to worry everybody over official 
Galaxy Police business. Utter nonsense, she just wants him all to 
herself. Can't blame her, he's one hell of a specimen for the Calab 
race.> Washu grabbed a pair of blue jeans and a white t-shirt. She 
inspected the garments' size and thought back to Trinth's form. She had 
to fight to stop herself from bursting out laughing. <There is no way 
Trinth could fit into Tenchi's jeans! But it'll be a nice site when he 
does get into them.> 
	Washu returned, clothes in hand, to the medical section of her 
lab. To her delight, Trinth was practicing some of his combat skills. 
She stood quietly in the doorway and watched intently as he went through 
his technique. He'd leap then dive, making slashing movements with his 
clenched fists at shadow opponents. His muscles tenseded and his body 
contorted with extraordinary flexibility. 
	"Traditional dagger battle skills of Calaban." Washu spoke, "It 
never fails to impress me how beautiful that deadly art is."
	"Why thank you Madame Hakubi." Trinth replied, stopping his 
routine. "The House Milodon is the one house that still practices dagger 
combat in its purest form." He noticed the clothing she had draped over 
her arm. "Would it be presumptuious to believe those are intended for 
me?" he asked. 
	"Of course and you can just call me Little Washu." she said in a 
high, adorable voice. 
	"I owe you my life. I suppose that is fair enough a trade." he 
said slowly as he took the t-shirt and jeans from her. "If you wouldn't 
mind to much, Little Washu, I would prefer to dress in private." 
	Washu shrugged. "Oh, you're no fun." she pouted. "In case you're 
interested Trinth, your ship's in the main hangar by the lake. I haven't 
got around to repairing it yet, but the subspace generators are all 
intact and working fine."
	"That's all I needed to know. Thank you for all your assistance. 
You and your friend, Detective Kuramitsu, have been all to kind." 
	"No problem. Just holler if you need anything." she called as she 
left the room.
	After about ten minutes of struggling with getting the pants over 
his robust leg muscles, Trinth left the lab to retrieve basic items from 
his ship. <I do hope the Talon wasn't to badly damaged in that little 
scrap with Sh'ard. Oh well, as long as the subspace fields are 
operational, I'm set to live just about anywhere if need be.> 
	His thoughts continued in this fashion as he exited the lab. He 
found that the lab was connected to a small, rural home's living room. 
	<Odd turn of events. A thoroughly modern research facility 
attached to this charming example of mid-twentieth century Earthen 
architecture.> Trinth thought to himself. <The layout of this house 
seems rather familiar. Could it be......> 
	Trinth's thoughts were interrupted by the call of his name rising 
from the sofa.
	"Trinth." a worried girl's voice called. The puzzled Archduke 
walked over to the couch from where the voice came. He looked. It was 
the same girl who had rescued him from the wreckage of the Gilded Talon. 
She was sleeping and rather restlessly at that. 
	<She's only dreaming.> He thought. <I can continue on my way. 
There's no danger here.>
	"Trinth!" her voice called again. The words were soaked in pain 
and desperation.
	"Trinth! Don't die! Please. Don't go from me. No you can't kill 
him. Don't die. Trinth!" the young girl continued her pleading. 
	Dream or not, the kind-hearted knight couldn't stand watching this 
girl torment herself so much. Particularly on his behalf. He reached out 
and gently shook her shoulder.
	"Wake up, dear lady." he spoke soothingly. "Please wake up." The 
girl's eyes fluttered open and met his own concerned gaze. 
	"By the falcon." he whispered in awe. Her eyes were the most 
brillant blue he'd ever seen. A pair of flawless sapphires, glowing with 
innocence and affection and, to his dismay, filling with tears.
	"Trinth. I'm so glad it's you. I was afraid something had happened 
to you. There was this man and he'd come for you and there was nothing I 
could do an..."
	"My dear lady. I believe you were in the midst of a nightmare." he 
mildy inferred. He extended his arm to her trembling form and stroked 
her furrowed brow. "You needn't fret over me. I am in perfect health, 
thanks to the impeccable work of you and your friend and I haven't any 
enemies in this system who know my location. So please, cease your 
tears." His words carried gentle, but firm orders. "Now, if my memory 
serves me, your name was Mihoshi. Correct?"
She nodded. "Good then. Now I must go to the main hangar to inspect my 
ship and retrieve some items from it. Unfortunately, I've not the least 
idea where the main hangar is. Would you mind taking me there?" 
	"Not at all." Mihoshi replied, "I'd be glad to help you in any way 
I can." Mihoshi could hardly believe what was happening. He was indeed 
the gentleman Grandfather had told her of. She rose up off of the couch 
and began to walk towards the front door. "This is the way. Follow me." 
she called to Trinth, motioning excitedly with her hands. 
	Trinth followed intently. Normally, he'd be wwary of such 
treatment. However, these two seemed genunine in their intent to help 
him. Their names also seemed to be familiar. He knew he'd heard them 
somewhere before. Just where was the question.
	Mihoshi led him towards Funaho's lake. "Hangar open." she 
commanded. As she spoke there was a small buzzing noise that was soon 
accompanied by the opening of a large bay door.
	"Hidden hangar. Not to shabby if I dare say." he commented.
	"Come on." Mihoshi beckoned, "Your ship is right next to mine."
	The pair walked down the hangar's hatchway into its main room. The 
room was brightly lit and was filled with the form of Mihoshi's ship, 
the Yagami which was dwarved in turn by the massive shape of Trinth's 
battle cruiser, Gilded Talon. 
	In the bright lights of the hangar, Trinth got his first truly 
good look at the girl who had saved his life. His first encouter with 
her was hazy in his memory. What he saw mesmerized him. She was 
incredibly beautiful. Golden blonde hair atop deeply tanned skin that 
flowed in generous, lovely curves. The more he looked, the more he found 
that enticed him. Long shapely legs, pert rounded breasts, inviting 
smile with sharply pointed teeth, pointed ears, and of course those 
wondrous jewel-like eyes. <Falcon be praised. You have thrown me into 
the arms of an unparalleled beauty.> 
	Mihoshi caught his eyes traversing her figure. <Oh no! He's 
looking at me. Look at his eyes. I don't think he likes what he sees. 
This is going all wrong.> she thought frantically as she began to fidget 
nervously.
	Trinth noticed her uncomfortable appearance. <Oh dear me. What am 
I doing? Not only am I blatantly ogling her, I'm making her frightfully 
nervous. I'd best stop.> He turned his eyes away from her. "I apologize 
profusely. It was unsporting of me to look at you in such a way. I must 
admit, you are a most rare beauty." His voice hinted at slight 
embarassment.
	Mihoshi blinked. She did not expect that at all. She looked at the 
flustered knight. He was trying to focus on his ship. "Why don't we save 
that for later. For now let's take care of getting your stuff. Okay." 
she said, walking over to the Talon. As she passed him by she leaned 
over and gave him a small kiss on his cheek. "Thank you." she whispered 
into his ear.
	Archduke Trinth Milodon looked at Detective Mihoshi Kuramitsu. He 
smiled. <This looks like it could be the start of something grand.>

Author's Notes: Well, sure looks like things are starting to get 
interesting between our boy, Trinth, and Mihoshi. Ne? Again, I hope that 
you send me much news on what you thought about part two. Also, if 
anyone is interested, Cyrn is a planet much like Arakis in the 
book/movie Dune. (already said I don't own Dune or anything related to 
it. HA!) The main difference is that Cyrn has many rivers and oasises, 
making it a lovely planet that I would heartily recommend vacationing 
at, that is if Earth had intergalactic travel capability and if the 
planet existed. Anyway, thanks for reading all of this and wait for part 
3.

Tallgeese Forever
Craeyst Raygal
