         

Golgotha Part One: Place of Skulls
A Tenchi Muyo FanFiction

by I.A.Howson

(Caleb.howson@virgin.net)


Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters used in this story. (Only a few)
Those used are done so under the kind permission of pioneer.
Best read with a lot of free time. Just make a large mug of coffee, turn off the
lights and sit back. Read Slowly for the full effect.
Oh yeah, when commenting please take into account that Pioneer have pulled out
of the UK market and my knowledge is limited.  

Thanx to: Gitaro the Metalhead for proof-reading.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"We shall not flag or fail. We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the
seas and Oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength
in the air, we shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be, we shall
fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight
in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills, we shall never
surrender." 
Sir Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill
House of commons, 4 June 1940 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Never before, at least not to him anyway had the elements played such a
cruel trick on him. As Tenchi wandered seemingly aimlessly through 
the open fields, the rain was beating down hard. Each droplet propelled
by the prevailing winds and so, each drop stung on his reddened face.
Rivulets of water streamed down his harsh emotionless face, soothing it
for a brief period. But this pleasure was fleeting and to take comfort in 
the cold of the rain would be the cause of much irritation as each time
his face is calmed by the rain, ten droplets battered it. He said nothing, the look of
sheer determination ran rampant across his face and never once did that 
flicker or dissipate. He'd walked for days, and in doing so was grizzled 
by a gritty determination, through lack of companionship and absolute sheer
boredom. But he would keep going. Like he had been saying for days, from the 
day he left for this now insurmountable task to this day the anger was still
there. This immense burning desire only tempered by the sweet sense of hope,
like the soothing of the rain was short-lived and a note of anger engulfed 
his mind. Every tendon and orifice in his body contracted, this alone gave
him the inspiration to continue and not to waver from his course. He stopped 
momentarily, just to wipe the water from his brow, he needn't have bothered.
The monotonous ambience of rain hitting his waterproofed coat never seemed
so painful. An old friend turned traitor, once it was the only thing 
that kept him sane, now was on the verge of the opposite. Tenchi was 
finding it progressively more difficult to walk. The rain soaked into 
the earth and mixed with this aerial bombardment created a sticky mess, 
clinging to his boot and slowing him down to a near crawl as Tenchi had to work
to achieve each step. The road was almost indistinguishable from the
farmland as the weather continued to turn the earth to mud. As he walked
along the road, looking downwards into every puddle that should pass 
beneath him. He could see in every one of them, visions protruding from 
within. Taunting, it was like the dead mocking him and luring him with a 
hope that he could not rely upon. It reminded him, of home. Oh how 
he longed to be their now in the safety and comfort of those closest 
to him and all things that seemed so, well irritating. After being on the 
road for four days straight a gentle kiss from Ryoko would seem 
reassuring, and the constant bickering between Ryoko and Ayeka a more
comforting sound than the damned splashing of heavens' salvos.
He thought himself a fool to take such things for granted. How could
he have forsaken such an environment, surrounded by people he loved,
to give it up, to be surrounded by open fields and deafened by the
endless rolling thunder. The many times he thought to go back, all 
vanished instantly. As he peered up to see the large stone archway,
gargoyles carved into it, their twisted faces defying any sense humanity
about them as they watched over the surrounding fields and wastelands. The
stone had captured them in all their glory. Although hideous, one 
cannot deny the sense of proud stature they inhabited, as they were 
hunched over, their teeth shedding the rainwater like blood. Tenchi raised
a steely eye towards them, how intimidating they looked, perched atop an
arch like a couple of territorial lions. Hell would not speak of such abominations.
They too mocked Tenchi, strewn into cold stone that encapsulated their
equally cold, lifeless hearts. That one emotion they showed would etch
itself permanently upon Tenchi's memory, as the laughter on their faces
and in the eyes penetrated his skin, and burrowed deep within his soul.
These things marked the entrance, to Golgotha.   

Peering up further Tenchi took one step back. His eyes opened wide as he 
stood in awe and wonder of the grandiose city. Its walls stretched
for miles, solid rock bestrewn with carvings of ancient beasts, religious
symbols and monsters that only dead men could speak of. A mixture of all 
materials; sandstone, granite, marble and countless more. At each corner 
stood a massive watchtower, peering upwards with vision slits and murder
holes. The wall curved outwards, gargoyles perched on top in rows as far as the eye 
could see. Raising an eye heavenward he could see that the humiliation
and sheer desolation of the proud city of Golgotha was no longer 
present. The spires of the cathedral lunged upwards to the heavens, as if
to challenge God himself. The haughty city was a testament to the marvel of
man's creation, and a folly to man's ambition. Tenchi stood there, dwarfed
but the gargantuan monster, and ahead of him was the gates. The gates he
knew could very well mean the end of him. From the outside the gates were
elaborate, beautiful craftsmanship of wood and metal. However, it was
rotten to the core. Eaten away from the inside and in a grave state of 
disrepair, any foolish youth could merely stick their foot through. The 
rain had soaked in, and as years of neglect took their toll it would now start
to come away from its fixings if it were not for the blacksmiths excellent
work on the door. The hinges and rim of blackened steel, along with the
fearsome lions head doorknocker emphasised the beauty. One has to ponder 
on the practicality of such a devise as surely, it would take six strong 
men of the highest calibre to lift such a thing, but Tenchi wasn't planning 
on making an announced visit. He clasped the sheath of his sword, and 
held tightly as he continued to walk towards the ominous shadow of the 
city gates. Situated above the doorway was the vision of one of the most 
foul creatures ever to have been beheld by a human. It was a sight that
would send shivers down the most hardened soldier's spine, a truly 
ungodly thing to behold. Carved into the living rock and sharing none
of the motionless being of its smaller counterparts on the arch. Its face 
wrenched and distorted in a perverse manner as if to personify pure evil. 
It's eyes would cut through hardest rock and metal alike, shearing down 
to its goblin-like nose. The flames of Sheol seemed to burn in it's eyes,
and it seemed to be taking immense pleasure in whatever daemonic act
was etched into his head by, what must have been an equally disturbed
individual. Its mouth bore two rows of razor like teeth, perfectly formed 
and each one seductively beautiful resembling nothing that can be or ever 
could be found on Earth. The entity had one arm raised, showing a display
of muscle and a hand bearing a fearsome display of claws. They were fingers,
long sinuous fingers completed by five talons, sprawled out as if about
to strike. A fitting guardian for the city by all means. 

The mud squelched as it squeezed over Tenchi's boot as he distributed his 
weight to his back foot. The old coat, which had been his only companion 
through the journey was cast off and forgotten. He drew a mighty sword, the
polished brilliance reflected the lightning into his darkened eyes, it felt
divine. The sword did too, in his bare hands. Tipped with platina and 
decorated with flames, dragons and other oriental symbolism. To keep his
sanity safe through his life, it had been engraved by everyone, Washu,
Sasami and even Mihoshi. Several though stood out on the sword, Ayeka's
beautiful handwriting, that of a calligraphers made the sword strong and
authentic, it dwarfed Ryo-Ohki's crudely nail-carved mess. His sword was now 
the lifeline to which he held dear, with this he could serve a lifetime in 
hell as the signatures shone with the beauty of the persons soul and made him
feel bound by a more powerful force. Clothed in his traditional but now 
tattered armour he felt invincible, how could he loose? The rain was already
starting to dampen his clothes but he held back, not afraid though. He was 
beginning to reflect on the events of the week. looking into his blade,
he could see his memories staring back at him. It must have been....Six
days ago.     

It had started out like any normal week, (well as normal as they get) 
at the Masaki household. A typical summers morn, the sun casting an 
array of exotic colours across the sky, being reflected by the 
shimmering waters producing patterns of sincere tranquillity through
the house. It was the kind of morning that made the summer special. Warm, but
not blistering hot, each one of the occupants could have easily sleped through
the day, but the dawn chorus soon made the decision for them. The birds
sung to their hearts content, and in doing so lay down a blanket of
peace and serenity over the area, that is until Ayeka and Ryoko began
to exchange blows at breakfast. Time passes so slowly when there is so 
little to do, so the time is of little relevance, but one could safely
say that it was little after sunrise. Tenchi had gone out early, to
do what little work needed doing in the fields. Doing this he would have
as much time as possible to relax throughout the day, which was a 
thought to which he held great esteem within his mind. He cracked on
with his laborious tasks with the vision of him in a few hours stretched
out on a sofa, a tall glass of cola beside him. Ice within, collapsing due
to the heat and releasing gentle, subtle flavouring. Everything would
be perfect as he whiled away the hours, but it would all turn sour very
quickly. In would walk Ryoko and tries to flirt with Tenchi in very distinct 
manners, enter Ayeka protesting at such an obvious and vulgar display
by a witch with no sense of propriety, followed by a counter-attack of
equally insulting statements from the aforementioned 'witch'. In would
come Mihoshi, in an attempt to part them and to avoid it deteriorating
into a more serious matter. Mihoshi would soon burst into tears, Washu
would enter needing assistance from her guinea-pig and  I think everyone 
could obtain a distinct mental image from this vague description. Tenchi 
looked down at the field, let out a deep sigh and continued working. Although 
it must be said slower than before. Time creped on, and the heat 
of the day was at its greatest. Predictably Washu was in her Lab forever tapping
the keys on her computer, not breaking for a second. Sasami was preparing
a lunch for everyone, assisted but by no means aided by her friendly Cabbit.
Mihoshi was asleep on the couch Tenchi had mentally reserved for himself and
looked as if she was going to remain there for quite some time, unless Tenchi
had a crane with an unusually large jib handy, which obviously he didn't.
Ayeka was constantly mincing around, much to Ryoko's disapproval, who was
trying to watch the TV, but was having a hard time in doing so. The several
small incidents, Ayeka slinking around muttering to herself and laughing
underneath her breath seemed to unnerve Ryoko. Who was now substantially
irritated by even her presence. It was the whole aura that seemed to 
follow Ayeka like an unreasonably bad smell, It would not be to say that
she is anyway snobbish or stuck-up, rather the fact that she is far too
reserved for the likes of former criminals. This, quite understandably upset
Ryoko who was now on her feet, fists flung towards the ground and her hackles
raised. This pleasant conversation then gravitated into the likes of the less
socially acceptable mannerisms. This of course being very commonplace in the
Masaki residence as I believe everyone would be aware of. It was at about the
point were Ryoko would explain to Ayeka, in no uncertain terms were she could
stick her Royal duties when they were interrupted.
"I'm Home" 
It was Tenchi, back again from another days hard graft. His voice was always so 
warm even though he was feeling very tired. His entrance concluded that
argument between Ryoko and Ayeka, but would inevitably spark off a new one as
Ryoko flung her arms around his shoulders and try hard to kiss him on the cheek.
"Awww, come on Tenchi, just one little kiss I won't bite, I promise."
Tenchi was furiously pushing her away, not that he didn't appreciate the attention
or to a lesser extent the affection, but Ayeka was racing towards them, with 
a look of anger in her eyes. 
"Yes but I will!!!!" Yelled Ayeka, momentarily forgetting her royal heritage.
"How dare you be so forward to Tenchi like that, let go!!! You're hurting him!"
Ryoko took that as a challenge and that made her hold on tighter.
"No I'm not, he's enjoying it....aren't you?"
Tenchi tried to exit her vice-like grip, but to no avail.
"Well....Ryoko....I'm finding it....incredibly difficult.....to....bre..hmph"
He couldn't finish as the fabric on the shoulder of Ryoko's garment went into 
his mouth, the result of Ryoko tightening her grip even more. Being pulled the 
other way by Ayeka, Tenchi was beginning to wish he had to stay out all day
at least then maybe he could get a bit of peace and quiet. 
"Let him go Ryoko, you can't have him!!!!"
"Oooooooo getting angry princess?"
Tenchi did manage to break himself free, which was a relief to him as not only
did it allow to regain proper breathing but also got his ear out of the vicinity
of Ayeka's voice. That was her trouble you see, when she's nice she's lovely,
refined, delicate and polite, but when she's not, she's very loud. Tenchi sat
in a crumpled heap on the floor, in a daze, watching the ensuing mayhem as
Ayeka and Ryoko fought vigorously for his affection. Quite ironic really as they
had both now forgotten his very existence. Tenchi picked himself up, a crick 
in the neck was all that he walked out with this time, although now walking
out with a broken bone is but a mere flesh wound. If it were not for Washu's,
at times somewhat questionable medical abilities, the hospital bills would be
as high as the bill for repairing the house. Which were not so much through the 
roof as entering orbit. Tenchi looked over his shoulder hoping to seek
solace in the comfort of a quiet nap on the couch. Seeing Mihoshi there put the 
final nail in the coffin of THAT plan. For the second time in that day Tenchi
let out a huge sigh. He was about to go to his room for a lie down leaving
Ayeka and Ryoko to their slanging match when the cheery Sasami poked her 
head round the door, at least she had a beaming smile on her face and a Cabbit
on her head, definitely a health risk in a kitchen.
"Welcome home Tenchi! Dinner's ready."
At least a meal would help him regain some strength he thought, rubbing the back
of his neck, and his head, onto which he had fallen when escaping from Ryoko
now proudly displayed a lump. Giving Tenchi an even greater headache than 
usual.

Dinner and sleep would seem like the two occasions when everyone could be under
the same house and not make too much of a noise. Dinner wasn't though, everyone
found out under a hail of rice as Ryoko didn't bother to finish a particularly
large mouthful before concluding her comments on how good the food is.
"Well...thank you Ryoko" Said Sasami, wiping a small portion of food from her face.
"You know what its like don't you..." Ryoko continued. " In every family there's
the one who's got all the charm, grace and skill." Sasami blushed and held a hand 
to her face, she knew where Ryoko was going with her comments. Ryoko took another
bite and continued, it hadn't yet occurred to her that it was more polite to eat 
in the pause and not at the beginning of a new sentence. 
"And....(munch)....you can tell from this meal that...(chew)....person is you.
Then there is usually the other child, has no redeeming qualities, is incompetent
and basicly an all round....." Ryoko stopped suddenly as she literally bit off 
more than she could chew and started to choke. Ryoko grabbed hold of her neck
and started coughing an wheezing profusely. Washu calmly punched her daughter
on the back, dislodging the troublesome morsel. Ayeka was sitting at the other
side of the table, with a rather self-satisfied smug look on her face, poetic
justice she thought. Feeling particularly pleased with herself she took
a victory bite, it tasted sweeter than ever. Tenchi, who was remaining in his 
seat, passing off Ryoko's choking as yet another attempt to force him to perform
the heimlich, (a thought to which he so badly wants to forget) tried to change 
the subject. 
"So....errr...Mihoshi, erm...what did you do today?" Tenchi bit his tongue and 
cringed slightly for asking such a question, fearing a blow by blow description.
"Really? You want to know what I did today?" Mihoshi started to giggle "Well I..
woke up.." She put down her fork and placed her finger to her mouth think. "I..
got up.....hmmmmm....must have been about....six, no wait, later than that, errrrr."
Tenchi could have kicked himself and so could everyone else who were not content
with looking daggers at Tenchi, more like looking cruise-missiles. Tenchi looked
around at all the angry faces staring at him, and a large sweatdrop appeared. Even a heated
argument between Ayeka and Ryoko was better than listening to one of Mihoshi's 
stories. She scratched her head and began to giggle again.
"Then I think I must have, erm at least I think I took a bath, which I enjoyed as
the water was at a really great temperature and..." It would not be so bad if 
it was an interesting day but he knew she could stretch out, 'got up, had a bath,
had breakfast, went back to sleep' into at least a three hour presentation. 
Tenchi, perplexed by such verbiage tried to fob off the hapless Mihoshi with a
quite well placed "That's nice Mihoshi". Done in a very understanding tone as
he tried to be as little patronising as possible.
"Would anyone like any more?" Sasami piped, as she handed another carrot to
Ryo-ohki who was sitting contentedly by her side. But everyone was either still
eating or too full to want any more, not that they wouldn't want it if they
could manage, one would be hard pushed to find a finer cook in the galaxy than
Sasami. "No thanks Sasami, I don't think I could eat another bite." Said Tenchi
showing his gratitude.
"Thats quite a nasty bump you have there Tenchi" Washu chirped, stroking her 
chin thoughtfully and squinting one eye. "You had better see me after dinner in
my Lab and I'll fix you right up." 
"It's okay Washu, it's nothing really." Tenchi was trying to think of an excuse.
"Now now Tenchi" Washu stated, furiously waving one finger at him like a school
teacher. "I've watched you all through dinner rubbing your head, its better to
be safe than to be sorry, don't want you falling into a coma." She may have 
blown it out of proportion slightly, but her heart was there. Looking at her
track record, it is understandable why Tenchi seemed a little wary, and why 
both Ryoko and Ayeka seemed very suspicious, but on this occasion Washu's 
intentions were honourable. Tenchi gave a resilient nod, trusting his instincts.
"Good boy" The conversations grew into more pleasant realms, as they finished off their
meals. Ryoko tried to move over to Tenchi to lie in his lap but was quickly stopped
by the glare of Ayeka, and so sipped her tea.

It was about the time when everyone was about to get up to leave the table and
go there separate ways when the unmistakable noise off a microwave ping followed
by the chirpy voice of Mihoshi.
"Heeeeeeeeeey, I just realised something." Mihoshi stood up, her hands holding her
head. Everyone looked at each other, in confusion.
"What is it Mihoshi?" Tenchi closed his eyes and scratched the back of his neck,
half-expecting what was going to come next. 
"Well, looking around, Me, you, Ayeka, Ryoko, Washu, Sasami, Ryo-Ohki...."
Her fists went to her mouth, probably to hide a look of worry.
"Where's Kiyone??? Someone's Kidnapped my partner!!!!!" Mihoshi started to cry by
the bucket-full. "Waaaaaaaa!!!W.....W..Washu!!!!We have to find Kiyone!!!"
Mihoshi dropped to her knees and continued to wail, mouth wide open, stroking
her eyes. Everyone else seemed substantially less worried than Mihoshi, and decided
to keep quiet for a bit, not one of them wanting to come forward.
"What if she's dead.....or been tortured.....Oh Kiyone!!!! Waaaaaaaa Kiyone's 
dead!!!!!!!!" She continued crying and would have done so for a lot longer if
it hadn't been for Ayeka stepping forward, sickened by the noise Mihoshi made, which
was of window-shattering proportions.
"Grrrrrr.....QUIET YOU BUBBLEHEAD!!!!!!" She shrieked, and everyone turned to look at her.
Ayeka was panting from such a loud shout, but cleared her throat and put on a smile.   
"Come on Mihoshi Kiyone isn't dead."
Mihoshi stopped crying and lifted her head from her hands, two large tears remained
at the base of each eye as she sniffed herself out of her stupor.
"Really??" Asked Mihoshi, with a now glimpse of hope. "How do you know? Where is
she?" Ayeka didn't really want to say, but Mihoshi wouldn't be content with just
that. The pair were on duty, so making up an excuse that she had gone to see a 
relative or something like that would not be swallowed, that would be too far 
out of character. Mihoshi saw that Ayeka was delaying.
"Ayeka?"
Ayeka swallowed once and finally plucked up the courage. "Miss Mihoshi, we don't 
want to see you upset again but Kiyone's on a mission." Ayeka gritted her teeth
ready for the oncoming commotion.
"What????!!?!" Mihoshi stood up. Flabbergasted.
"C...calm down now Mihoshi, it's not what you think, its just that you looked
so peaceful asleep on the couch that no-one had the heart to wake you." Which
was not a million miles from the truth, no-one did want to wake her. Not so much
the fact that she looked peaceful, more to the point that they all thought Kiyone
deserved a little break, so she sneaked out after they got a call. Mihoshi would
only make everything more frustrating and a whole lot more difficult, so it would
be best for everyone if she was doing the safest thing she could, sleep. 
"So Kiyone decided to just leave you there while she took care of the task, she
thought you might appreciate the rest, especially after the Klinsmann case."
The Klinsmann case being their last mission. Kiyone and Mihoshi managed to track
down renown jewel thief Patrice Klinsmann, and his hoard of stolen diamonds. After
a furious fire-fight and recapturing the loot Mihoshi somehow managed to break
a collection of diamonds worth equal to Jurai's GNP. She needed the rest,
being a full time airhead is seriously hard work. Although finding out Kiyone is
alive and well, she could take little solace in Ayeka's words. She immediately
broke out in an ever greater fit of tears and incoherent babble as she blubbed the
few sentences she could string together from her lips. 
"WAAAAAAAAAA!!!!! How.(sniff)..Could.(sniff)...she?..(sniff)....we're supposed....
(sniff)...to...be...partners...BWWWWWWAAAAHAAAAAAAAHAAAAAAA!!!!!!!" She continued
to warble on about How could she do that? It's so cruel. Etc. all the time being
handed a never-ending stream of handkerchiefs.
"Don't cry Mihoshi. I'm sure Kiyone never meant to upset you." Sasami put her hand
on Mihoshi's arm sympathetically.
"Yes Mihoshi, dry your eyes" Ayeka said, handing yet another handkerchief to Mihoshi.
"We don't want to look foolish now do we?"
"Oh my! I didn't realise..that....(sniff)....I....Looked...WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!"
Tenchi looked at Ayeka, her attempt at tact did not pull off. Mind you, its a good
thing Ryoko said nothing, she has all the tact and subtlety of a National Front 
newsletter. Sasami continued to calm Mihoshi down as Washu went back to the Lab
as Tenchi and Ayeka cleared away the dishes, the least they could do in thanks of
such a wonderful meal. Tenchi had not forgotten his prior engagement, however, he
wanted to lend a hand to Sasami he was in fact about to put some water in the sink
when he heard a high pitched, childish voice.
"Tenchiiiiiiiiiii!"
It was Washu in poking her head around the door, almost sounding in a playful mood
but was most probably impatience more than anything. Tenchi looked at Ayeka who was 
standing with him in the kitchen with the sliding door open, (Ryoko wanted to keep
an eye on them but was far too lazy even to get up). Ayeka smiled and bowed her head.
"Please, allow me." Ayeka took a pair of Lemon rubber-gloves from Tenchi.
"Huh? Oh, thank you miss Ayeka." Tenchi smiled and walked out of the Kitchen, into 
the dining room were Sasami was still trying to shut Mihoshi up and Ryoko slumped
on the floor, one eye on the TV, one eye on Tenchi. (Not at the same time you 
understand, that would be stupid.) Tenchi looked for a second, turned the Knob of the
door and was swallowed by the darkness as he walked inside.

"There ya go....all done." Tenchi sat up from the table, and examined with his hands
the lump which he had received earlier. Washu struck him across the temple with a
rolled-up newspaper. "Ah-Ah-Ah, Don't touch...it'll never get better if you don't 
leave it alone." Tenchi rubbed his forehead. Washu walked over to her computer and 
began to input certain data. The lump on his head was stinging a bit.
"Was all this necessary? Couldn't I just have taken Aspirin like everyone else? Oww,
Its hurting more than ever now." Washu looked up momentarily from her work.
"That's just a new sedative I was trying out, you'll feel right as rain in the 
morning, it's designed to quickly reduce the swelling, so you are not in discomfort
for too long. Other than a bit of bangin' to ya noggin', you're fine." She continued
to furiously beat information into the computer. She continued to do so until she 
noticed Tenchi hadn't moved from the spot, he remained sat, legs over the edge of
the table and his head sunk. Washu stopped, but did not turn to face him.
"What's wrong Tenchi?" Washu's voice was filled with an air of concern.
"Washu." Tenchi began. "I wonder if you have, anything for sleep?"
"What? A bed?" Washu's attempt at dry-wit had failed to succeed. Tenchi looked up
and saw her face change from that of someone in a light-state of mind to that of
seriousness. She was in her usual medical attire, an all white nurse-outfit complete
with ridiculously large hat and a skirt of immorally wrong proportion. Not something
that you are likely to see at the British National Health Service, and with good 
reason. The neon glow from the screen of the computer, radiating from one side of 
Washu highlighted all of her shapely features as she pondered with one hand on hip the
other stroking her small chin.
"You mean you want something to help you sleep? Is that it?" She stepped over to Tenchi 
and started opening one of his eyes with her hands, poking around with a surgical
instrument of some description. 
"Have you been getting enough sleep Tenchi?" She said, frowning slightly.
"Well, I've tried, but there's been so much going on, what with the harvest and all the
other work to do, today was the only day when I haven't been out all day, then when I 
get home there's Ryoko and Ayeka......"
"Ok,Ok." Washu interrupted. "I have just what you need." Washu typed some stuff into
her computer, reached into a cabinet and pulled out a box of pills. She began reading
the bottle.
"Lets see now, take one an hour before going to bed etc etc..do not exceed..blah blah.
Ok, take one before going to bed. Have yourself an early night and take the day off,
you need a rest, you've been working far too hard recently, y'know its not good for
you." Tenchi looked at the bottle he had been given.
"Take the day off I can't do that....If I do that then who'll..."
"Ignoring the doctors orders are we?" Washu had leapt up from were she was and her face
was now in close proximity with Tenchi's, a look of anger swept her face. She stood 
back, put her hands on her hips and also put on a smile, it was a devious little smile
and would make anyone on the receiving end very nervous. "Y'know if you don't want to
co-operate I may have to use restraints again." After hearing that Tenchi decided that
it would be far more intelligent of him to comply. After swallowing a medium sized red
and white capsule he went very quickly to his room, at least now he could get some rest.

The next day went much smoother, well the first part did. It was nice for a change to be
woken up by a singular beam of bright-white sunlight rather than the more rude awakenings
he had been accustomed to. Waking up he could see it was another beautiful day, the room
had been filled with the sunshine and the room was silent, it was complete bliss. He lay
back and took a moment to enjoy the serenity and calm, he was so relaxed he had forgotten
all his troubles. After lying for a couple of minutes he realised he was now fully awake,
and to try to lye any longer would be too lazy (For Tenchi, anyway) so he decided it
would be best if he were to go downstairs. Besides, he was feeling a little peckish.
It was quiet and peaceful, so much so in fact, that one would be forgiven for not 
noticing the shadow in the distance outside, walking surreptitiously around the house. 
For some reason he was so relaxed he even enjoyed the walk downstairs, the feel of wood
on bare feet was very unwinding and Tenchi managed to feel all the little details as
he walked into the living room. Sasami was knelt down, playing with Ryo-Ohki on the 
floor. As soon as Ryo-Ohki realised Tenchi had come down she ran to him and hopped up
onto his shoulder as a sign of affection. Sasami giggled.
"Good Morning Tenchi."
For once she was actually right, it was a good morning. Never before had he a better
nights sleep, and so he was in an especially good mood. He gave Ryo-Ohki a pat on the
head a tickle under the chin and gave Sasami a discerning smile. 
"Good Morning Sasami." He did not want to ask about breakfast, (since it was later in 
the day then when he usually gets it) to avoid being rude, he figured that he would
just get his own. But it turned out he had no need to, as he walked into the kitchen
he heard Sasami say that she had saved some for him, which was yet another good piece
of news. However, not sewing Mihoshi in the nearby vicinity, his thoughts went sour
and built up a mental picture of her stuffing it into her face. Suprisingly, no.
Mihoshi was asleep on the porch and Tenchi's bowl was on the side, which he ate 
with great contentment after peeling back the cling-film. The breakfast was heavenly,
a real joy to consume, the day was perfect Tenchi thought, watching Ryo-Ohki run
around Sasami. He had never felt so comfortable around his surroundings for years, and 
the sound of Sasami's laughter only sweetened the mood. After such a fine morning Tenchi
decided to pay homage to the one who he thought made the day so great, after all it was
Washu's medicine that helped his lump heal and gave him one of the greatest nights sleep
he had ever had. Of course he took a moment out to thank Sasami for the meal, which she
took with eager grace. Washu however, seemed very concerned when Tenchi came down, which
she tried to conceal. Tenchi on the other hand could see straight through the Veneer
knew something was amiss. 
"Lil' Washu?" This startled Washu, not realising someone was there, she was too wrapped up
in whatever she was doing at the time to notice anyone enter.
"Oh...errr, Hi, erm Tenchi, I hope those pills did the trick." She did her best to cover
whatever it was up.
"What's wrong washu? You're hiding something, aren't you?"
"Who me?" Washu stepped back. "I think you're starting to jump to conc.."
Tenchi folded his arms and gave a scowl in the direction of Washu. 
"Ok, Ok...Sheesh." She stopped with the falsities. "Now then, it's nothing to worry about,
it's just maybe a dust storm or something simple like that, but it appears the Galaxy 
Police have lost contact with Kiyone." 
Tenchi was taken aback and Washu could see that he was worried.
"Now Tenchi look, how many times has this happened before and was the result of a simple,
ordinary occurrence."
Tenchi looked to the floor, feeling a little less concerned. "Yeah, I guess."
Washu continued with what she was doing before Tenchi came in. "See, no need to worry 
yourself sick, you've had too much. Take a walk, clear your head." 
Washu was now too involved in her work to say anymore, Tenchi, after much debating in
his head decided to do just that. He slowly walked to the exit, but as he was about to
leave he heard a voice from behind. "Oh! And don't tell anyone else, there's enough worry
in this house as it is." 
"I won't Lil' Washu." Tenchi said as he left the Lab. After he had gone Washu looked over 
to were he had left and solemnly shook her head.

Tenchi walked outside, a fresh breeze wafted in his face, and the sun beat down hard. Over
the grounds he could see Ayeka, hanging out washing. Ayeka noticed Tenchi and gave a friendly
wave, putting down the large washing basket. Tenchi waved back, she smiled and continued 
with her work. It was a perfect day for drying clothes, Hot, dry, and that cooling summers 
breeze felt incredible. Tenchi took a moment to sample the delights of the day, taking a
lung-full of the air he could tell that they were in for some particularly good weather in
the coming days. The flowers around the house gave the place that splash of colour that 
made everything feel more cosy. Looking over the way he could see Ryoko, in a hammock tied
tightly to two trees. She was clad in a revealing Bikini, Sunglasses reading a magazine in
one hand, a ridiculously large cocktail in the other.  Tenchi decided to sneak past, if she 
noticed him, that would put an end to his quiet summer walk. Tip-toeing past he could hear 
her mutter as she read. Tenchi kind of wished he could be as laid back as Ryoko, but then
he supposed nothing would get done around the house and in the fields. He looked over to the 
washing line, 'Thank God for Ayeka' he thought to himself. The birds called out in vain as 
Tenchi continued up the cold stone steps of the Temple. Tenchi looked around at the trees
and foliage, and smiled to himself. When he reached the top he walked to the edge and took
delight in the wonderful view that he could see. The house looked so small, but he could 
still make out Ayeka, a dot in the distance hanging out washing. The sun on the back of his 
head felt warm, he was in heaven.
"Nice view 'aint it?" There was the gravelly voice of a man from behind him. Tenchi, 
startled turned round quickly to see a tall man in a huge Trenchcoat. It was sodden
in dirt and reached almost to the floor. His face was that of a man in his late thirties,
although scarred all over, and a few shades darker with filth. His eyes opened, the 
contrasting white only acted to make him seem more sinister. He smiled form the corner
of his mouth, bearing a few equally white teeth. His long hair, was thick brown, and matted
by grease, dirt and dried blood, but it waved in the breeze like a flag. He raised an arm,
his hand was massive, like one never seen by Tenchi, and ran it through his hair, taking 
out some of the knots. He breathed very little, but when he did it was continuous deep
breaths. His mere presence seemed to violate the holiness of the Temple as he walked 
towards Tenchi. "W....Who are you?" Tenchi said nervously. The man walked to one side of
Tenchi and looked over the edge, Tenchi took one step back. He looked up again.
"The name's Seth." He then went quiet as he looked into the distance. Tenchi was surprised
to say the least that he had just turned up and then went silent, not even explaining what
he was doing there. Tenchi swallowed and tried to muster up the courage to say anything.
"Errrrrr, so erm, what brings you here?" Seth looked at Tenchi.
"I came to see you Tenchi." Tenchi looked at him with a puzzled expression.
"M..me?"
Seth nodded, "Yup, I need your help you see."
"My help? With what?"
Seth reached into his pocket, brought out a shiny apple, took one bite and put it back. He
chewed it for a while and took a step back from the edge.
"I need you to help me obtain an item that I need."
Seth wiped his nose with the back of his hand and spat on the floor.
"How do you need my help for that?" Tenchi was looking increasingly puzzled.
Seth Kicked some loose stones over the edge. "Because in getting it there will be a great
fight, and I need you on my side."
"Oh I see, you need fighters to help you. Sorry I can't help you there but I can recommend 
some great warriors. Hello? Are you listening?" 
Seth was grinning, using the whole of his mouth. "No Tenchi, you misunderstand. I need your
help, because Tenchi, the item I seek is currently in your possession." Tenchi was shocked.
He took a few more steps back. "Wh...What??!?"
"The sword Tenchi, the sword." Seth turned to face him anger raged fury in his eyes. "Give
me that sword of yours, weeks ago I detected it, huge energy levels like that I have not
seen. I traced it, to here. I've been watching you ever since. I want the sword. I would 
have taken it then, but I decided to scout around a little. When I was final on my plan
I decided to steal it from you, but you had to keep it in that inter-dimensional wormhole
were I couldn't get to it didn't you. Protected by that red-headed trouble maker." He was
seething, his hand clenched into a fist as he talked, and his voice got more and more 
harsh as he spoke with increasing emotion. "But now I've come to take what's rightfully
mine. So hand it over and we'll part in good favour." Tenchi didn't really know what to
say except that he couldn't.
"I'm sorry sir, I can't."
Seth turned away and looked to the sky. He smiled even greater. "I didn't think you would.
That's why I took out....insurance."
"What do you mean insurance?"
Seth reached into his trenchcoat and pulled out a red bandanna. He threw it towards Tenchi.
"This is.....No! So this is why....."
"Yes, that's why I always scout a scenario out first. I search for your weaknesses Tenchi.
I knew you were too much of a nice person to put any of your friends in danger, and you're
too smart to do anything stupid." He scratched the side of his nose with one of his long
finger nails. "I found the perfect one, all the others don't leave the vicinity of the 
house very often. If I had gone closer I would run the risk of being caught. So all there
was to do was to concoct a plan so diabolically devious only I could have thought of it. 
You see there was this little rat that was really giving me a hard time making a decent 
living. In fact he had gotten right up my nose, a troublemaker of the highest order. It
also turns out though that this man was also wanted by the Galaxy Police. So all I had to
do was give them an anonymous tip-off, being on Earth they send their nearest Unit which
was your little friend. She takes out my little friend and then I capture her. Simple 
innit?" Tenchi's eyes were holding back tears of anger. He was looking at the bandana which
he grasped tightly with both hands. "You...you monster!!!!" Tenchi lunged at him but was 
held back by an invisible force. Seth started to laugh.
"Arrrrgh!!!" Screamed Tenchi. "What is this???" The shield had singed his clothes.
"Here's the deal, you bring that sword to my city and you get Kiyone back. If you fail
to show in 14 days she dies. If you come accompanied, she dies and so does everyone at 
home. You bring that sword to the main cathedral, the guards shall let you in and you
may proceed unopposed. You hand over the sword and I hand over Kiyone, you may then leave
in her ship and we shall never see each other again, it really is that simple." 
Tenchi was full of questions and the look of sheer terror swept his face.
"Until then my friend." Seth opened up a worm-hole and jumped through, releasing Tenchi
from the spell. Before the worm-hole closed a scroll bounced from the portal. Followed
by a string of a maniacs laughter, which echoed across the mountains. Tenchi remained
still, he was still taking everything in. He didn't know how to react, so he stood still
for several minutes before reaching down and picking up an old tattered scroll that Seth 
had left.

The walk down the steps was one of the longest he had ever been on. He kept turning things
over in his head, asking many questions but finding few answers. He wondered what would 
have happened if Mihoshi had gone with her, he probably would be in a worse situation,
but one wonders how such a feat is possible. He had to make some decisions. He has to
go otherwise Kiyone will die, he could not let someone die. Although it is possible he
is lying and Kiyone was never there, he must have been good to beat Kiyone, but the 
bandanna, he must be telling the truth. He was confused, he knew it was very dangerous
to go alone, but also he knew if he took anyone they would all die, how was he going to
tell everyone that he had to go on a journey alone? Also, he had to take the sword how 
could he let a sword with so much power just go to anyone he met on the street? But to 
not bring it would sign Kiyone's death warrant. As he walked down he thought up a plan.
That night he would sneak out with the sword, travel to wherever the scroll said, hand
over the sword, bring Kiyone back and then see how they could get the sword back. It was
his only plan, any other and the results could be catastrophic. He knew what he had to do.
He opened up the ancient scroll, sunlight pierced the few holes that had worn away with 
age. The paper was old, stiff and yellow, extremely tough material. It pointed a way through
mountains and wasteland to a place marked with a ominous skull. A place marked Golgotha.

It was a long night, Tenchi peered through the window watching the shadows dance a final
goodbye. Lights flickered in the distance and the moon set a new carpet of tranquillity
in the valley. Tenchi had watched the light fade, slowly being consumed by the creeping 
darkness that brought its brother in arms, the night. All was silent save from the few 
insects and creatures that dare to thrive upon a veil of darkness. The stars quivered in
an eerie manner, not romantically like he had once perceived, but now a thousand eyes 
staring at him from above. In his room Tenchi waited, waited for the lights to fade and 
the last 'goodnights' to be said. The room was as unwelcoming as outside, never had the 
dark ever made it look so evil. Items created shadows, shadows created persons and
monsters. The dance of the shadows had now moved indoors and projected itself upon his
wall, coming ever closer. Now was the time, Tenchi rose in his armour, clutching a steel
sword which he was taking for his insurance, and the sword of which all of this hinged on,
on the other side, safely held in a scabbard. Taking a backpack full of essential 
equipment, raincoat, rations, first aid kit he slyly slid his door open. Carefully looking
around to make sure no-one was up. It was dark, not even a light from under any door along
the corridor. He sneaked along, he knew if he was seen dressed like this he would be in for
some serious questioning, he would have to explain and everyone would insist on going. Not
that he wouldn't appreciate the help but he didn't want to put anyone else in danger. He 
made his way downstairs, stepping on the outside of each stair he held his breath as it 
squeaked under his weight. Looking around and listening he could see that no-one was disturbed
so he continued. On reaching the base of the stairs he made his way to the door, but horror he 
could hear a door open upstairs, quickly he raced to the couch and hid behind it, the footsteps
came downstairs, nearer, they walked across the floor and into the kitchen. Curiosity got 
the better of Tenchi. Peering over the couch, he could see Sasami in the kitchen drinking a 
glass of milk from the fridge. Tenchi relaxed a bit but soon went rigid when he heard Ayeka 
at the top of the stairs.
"Sasami?" She whispered.
"I'm Ok Ayeka, I couldn't sleep, I just came down for a glass of milk." She whispered in 
response. 
"Ok but turn the light off down there when you're done."
Sasami complied and once again the house was filled with an eerie stillness. Heading for the 
door Tenchi prepared to embark on what would turn out to be a voyage of misery. Nothing could
prepare him for what lies ahead. Closing the door and running into the night Tenchi looked 
back, only to see a still house, cradled by the moon and everyone unaware, sleeping soundly
in their warm beds.

Oh what a contrast to now thought Tenchi, as he gritted his teeth towards the sky, spewing
rain at him from on high. He had travelled for miles, days and still his determination was
strong. He had been through hell, nothing behind these two gates could suppress his courage
neither daemon nor monster could halt his quest. The doors stood proud, spires reaching up
tall, piercing the sky, making it bleed. It was a subterfuge, churchlike and divine hiding
its true intentions of malice. It was a disease on the land, festering like a malignant 
cancer, or a chronic boil, spewing puss into the surrounding area. The short path which
led the way to the gate was littered with bodies of every description, charred corpses that
would crush the spirit of any fearless warrior. Knights whose quest was over, beasts whose
many eyes could not see the oncoming slaughter and daemons, who now certainly reside once
again in hell. Along the side were many poles poking out from underneath the ground, bearing
skulls from decapitated men. The pole coming through the mouth and out the back of the head,
or up through the neck, out the eye. Flies feasted upon the rotting flesh that littered the
ground and a single raven watched Tenchi with one sharp eye, perched on a wooden sign of 
danger. Tenchi walked on, stepping over bodies holding his breath due to the stench, some 
bodies were looking up, arms outstretched almost pleading for deliverance, some still bore
eyes which made them even more sorrowful. They seemed to claw at his ankles, either trying
to get up or trying to stop him. Near the door lay a man, his intestines spilled over the 
road, turning rocks to red. Little remained of his Torso, a huge chunk taken out his side
allowed his soft organs to flow freely from his body awashed with blood. Tenchi moved him 
over with his foot, expecting to see a face twisted with pain. Instead he saw nothing, only
the tongue and a single eyeball, held only by the few nerves that remained suggested his
humanity. The rest had been ripped off millimetres from reaching the other side of his head,
and a lone rat nibbled one of the fingers of his only remaining hand. Tenchi felt sick but 
still he would continue. When you come this far going back seems the stupid option. Walking
to the gates he brushed aside the corpse and figured how to get in. Looking at the gates
it would be hard to think how anyone could open them, although they must have been as the
footprints in the mud suggested so. Thousands of them, turning the mud into an even more
viscous gloop, there must have been a lot of people here recently. Tenchi was thinking how he 
should gain entrance, he began to feel the wood, testing it to see how hard he would need
to push. The wood was soft, the rainfall had taken it's toll, blood seemed to cover it, the
spoils of countless battles. Dried in, it only helped to strengthen the decaying substance.
Pressing harder the gates sprung into life as if controlled by a mechanism. Cogs ground and
metal shrieked as the gates slowly opened, making a horrendous sound as it did. The hinges
themselves were seven foot, three on each door they had stood the test of time as they 
creaked open. The noise was unbearable, so much so that it forced Tenchi to shut his ears
as the doors creaked open, revealing the streets inside visible to him for the first time.
Then suddenly the doors stopped, and Tenchi unblocked his ears. He looked forward. A huge
street lay before him, looking down the aisle of a street of slums all he could hear was 
the sound of the rain, pounding as heavy as ever upon the tin roofs of the shacks. Also
was the sound of running water as the streets drains drove it outside the city. Tenchi 
stood still and tightened the grip on his sword, he took one moment to look at the 
engravings on his sword before focusing his mind on his task. He gave one pathetic sigh
and began to creep beyond the safety of the doorway. "Good thing I wasn't plannin' on
a surprise attack."

He saw everything with different eyes now, he was on the other side of the wall, to his
left and to his right were clear and it appeared he was looking down only one of the 
many thousand rows of slums which most likely would house the city's denizens. He looked
around, the houses were a mess, thrown about like a mad child's play things they bore no
resemblance to what Tenchi remembered of houses. He could barely see a hundred metres 
down the aisle before the darkness enveloped it. Some large plates of corrugated iron
lying dormant on the side of the aisle had warnings of death and destruction. Tenchi
was far too intimidated to be stopped by a bunch of idle threats scrawled on the wall by 
a group of delinquents. The clouds overhead showed no sign of dispersing, huge columns 
of rain dominated the sky, the only re-assuring sight that this was Earth and not hell. 
Ahead he could see his goal, the silhouette of a huge cathedral stood tall in the distance. 
If he was to reach it he would have to walk onward, so he did. As he walked farther, the 
gates shut behind him and closed with an almighty bang, causing the poorly constructed 
shanty town to shake as if in an earthquake. Tenchi span round to see the gate, two massive
chains, one on each side of the gate rattled as they come to rest. The back of the door
was reinforced with several panels of wood and carved into them were symbols of torture
and torment, faces reaching out from the wood, like trapped souls. The walls stood in an
eerie stillness and the top of the gate was illuminated with what little light there was
outside. Inside the city it was pitch black, it seemed deserted, no signs of life as the
chilling wind disturbed fabrics used in the construction of the houses. A piece of 
tattered rag swayed in the breeze, casting a ghostly shadow across the street. Only
those manipulated by the light showed any signs of life. Taking shelter under whatever
passed as a porch on one of the houses Tenchi eagerly peered inside one of the houses.
A plain square room greeted him, about four foot square, the only furniture a wooden box
with on old chequered table cloth sprawled over. To the right was a hole in the wall, up
two steps of wood nailed into the wall was the other room, with a bed, only about the size
of a coffin. It was simple, but looked surprisingly cosy for such a shabby town. Amazingly
no-one in the town was there, like they had all disappeared. Tenchi was too tempted by the 
room, he decided he would rest there for the moment, to take the weight off his feet and the
burden off his shoulders. He did so, pulling a smaller box closer and emptying his back-pack
to survey the contents. A canteen of water, a few rice crackers, a little bit of money,
pen-knife, Torch, candle and lighter was all that was inside. Pulling aside the candle
he lit it and let it rest upon the table, the glow extended outside where the wind continued
to whistle through the small cracks in the shoddy masonry. He reached into his pocket and
took out a small photograph, the light from the candle illuminated the faces that were 
before, shadows of nobody. It showed his family, and those closest to him. By now he thought
they must have scoured the landscape, every rock around the house would have been upturned,
even though his letter explained all he knew, they would still try to find him. They wouldn't 
find him here, not in this God-forsaken place, here is were the traveller ends his journey, were
a navigator goes when he is lost. He examined each face and with each face came the memory
of a happier time, a time when he knew he was safe. With that a tear formed in his eye, he
put away the photograph and rested his head on his arms. Looking out into the street, the
houses formed faces looking straight at him, and the rain drummed a beat on the ceiling
which fuelled his nervousness. Every second he thought something would jump him from behind,
but eventually this faded as his eyelids grew heavier........and heavier.......and heavier..
......and heavier.....................and heavier.

Tenchi awoke with a start. The candle, now just a stub of wax and the wick blew out by some
ethereal wind. A scuttling from behind, moving around the room with a tremendous speed, too
large for any type of scavenger animal, Tenchi Lashed out in fright and the assailant sped out
the door. Although shaken Tenchi realised this was the only life he had seen. Picking up his
gear he ran after it into the rain. Sword in hand he gave chase, never letting his quarry 
out of his sight. He chased it up the street ignoring the ghostly buildings on either side,
which would have been the causes of so much fear. Turning the corner he could see the creature
was trapped, a pile of rubble blocking the way. Tenchi slowly reached into his backpack and
gently pulled out a torch, shining it at the floor and working towards the monster so as not 
to frighten it. Tenchi was relieved more than anything to see what it was, but paralysed in
fright. He had not seen a creature such as this in all his life. Standing about two foot
tall was a small, imp-like creature, a mouldy green colour showing the full spectrum of
Earthen colour. Two thin legs supported a bloated stomach, as if suffering from Kwashiorkor
or some malnutritious disease. Two arms, as thin as his legs held a single rice cracker and
held it to it's chest. Its face was hideous, a wide mouth bearing but a few rotten teeth, 
wart infested, long ears torn at the ends, pointed nose and small white eyes. Its nose formed
a single strand of mucus which ran down it's lips and onto the floor.
"What the hell is that?" Tenchi spoke out loud.
Tenchi held his hand out to try and tice it closer, the creature took one step back and held
closer to the rice cracker.
"Don't worry I'm not gonna hurt you." 
But the creature didn't listen, it smiled at him. Tenchi, almost gagging from the foul breath,
watched as it hopped towards the rubble.
"Hey, w..wait a minute...." The creature shoved the cracker in his mouth and bounced over the
rubble, laughing as he went.
"Waaaaaaiiiiiittttt!!!!!" Tenchi screamed, but it was all in vain. The abomination had gone
and with Tenchi's rations too. Tenchi consoled himself in his head, and prepared to examine
his surroundings that he had not noticed when running. He was in a small cull-de-sac to his
left was the road from which he came and in front seemed what looked like a town square. A
small town square at that. The flooring was not Earth but smoothed stone, and in the middle
of this stood a lonesome statue. Amazingly it was illuminated by a single street-lamp, and 
a black park bench sought shelter under it's light. Tenchi slowly walked to the statue, 
almost tripping as his shoes met stone for the first time in days. It felt good to be on
solid ground, his ankles had ached as before his feet only displaced the ground. He scraped
his shoes on it, trying to get the thick encrusted mud from them, after doing so, he felt 
a great deal lighter. The rain was now lighter and it exploded upon impact with the stone,
washing away the mud which Tenchi trailed in. He gazed upon the statue, man on horseback
proudly displaying an outstretched cutlass. The elements had taken it's toll on this too,
worn away it was now only a shadow of its former glory. Now it looked sad, to be put in a 
high place only to be eroded away and looked upon never again. The buzz of the streetlight
was a small comfort, the only continuous noise, save the rain that he had heard. Tenchi
explored further into square. Ahead he saw a stone bridge, going over a ditch which ventured
underneath stone buildings. The humped back-bridge was quite plain sandstone, and was 
crumbling away. Tenchi put his hand upon it and brought off a handful of crumbly stones 
and fine pieces, he scattered these over the floor in front. He proceeded to the middle of
the bridge and peered over the edge to see two bars of parallel metal stretching into the
distance in the ditch. Tenchi pondered.
"Train lines? What are train lines doing in this city?"
No sooner than he uttered these words Tenchi froze due to a low pitched rumbling from
behind in the far distance. The rumbling was getting nearer, clanking of metal and the
unmistakable sound of steam being released in large puffs, with a background of a continuous
hiss. It took about a minute before it dawned on Tenchi what it was.
"A train? That's....that's impossible!" Tenchi leaned over the side to catch a glimpse of 
whatever it was that was coming. From the other side of the bridge thick white steam poured
out from under the buildings as the train ran into the open part of the ditch, Tenchi
saw it on his side, before having to look away due to the hot steam. He looked over again
and saw the many carriages disappear under the stones. It indeed was a train, and a very 
fine one I might add, although dated and needed some repair, it ran like a dream.
Tenchi wondered about the train and questions ran through his head, Who was controlling
it? Who was using it? Why was it there? But the fact remained in Tenchi's head that 
this train meant people, so the city must be inhabited after all. But who lived here?
And why did they? Tenchi needed to find the answers to these, he needed to see
people, not just for his sanity's sake, but he would need to eat soon anyway.

Tenchi sat on the floor deep in thought, where does he go from here? He could
either press on towards the cathedral or he could look for the people. His stomach
growled an answer at him. He continued to weigh up the pros and cons for almost an
hour before making a decision. He had plenty of time, he would find people, seek
refuge, grab a meal and get his strength back up and then head for the centre. 
Tenchi conjured up a mental image of his meal, roasted hog lying on a large plate
on the middle of an Inn's table. Roaring fire beside him as he continued to devour
the carcass. A swig of ale from a goblet, a bit of cheese from the end of a knife,
some more meat, another swig of ale. Tenchi stopped and looked around. Sat in the
pouring rain. That daydream only fuelled his anticipation. He was soaked to the bone,
his Jurian battle armour effectively ruined. It made him wish he hadn't got too 
emotional in the moment and chucked his raincoat at the gates. But all he could
do now was to grin and bear it, he thought as he struggled to his feet. The base
of his trousers now equally wet and felt tremendously uncomfortable. He wiped 
himself of all the bits of dirt that clung on him and then cautiously began to
consider his next move.
"Hmmm....." He rubbed his mouth. "If a train is running that must mean there has to
be a station. And stations are where people get on and off. Hmm, but what if it's a 
freight train? Well it still needs to stop, where there would be people!!" Tenchi
sparked a whole new glimmer of hope, the hope of company!! Those long nights of
talking to himself would all be over, that cursed fear of constant ambush seemed
far away. How would he pull it off?  He knew what to do, a train can only go where 
the rails dictate. He would follow the rails.

The walk was actually quite calming, all Tenchi had to do was follow the track, when
it went under houses all he need do was to follow the houses and it would come out
the other side. The ditches were protected by a small three foot wall at each side,
which helped Tenchi as it meant he didn't have to keep looking over to make sure the
tracks were still there. The walk took him through many different districts,
it didn't matter though they all looked the same, the same old shabby shacks. The 
rain had eased even more, but still was a constant pour. Some interesting buildings
would pass, but Tenchi just left them alone if he was to stop to examine each of
them he would never make it to his goal. It was the middle of the day but the sky
held no resemblance to it. Just thick black clouds causing an eternal darkness. 
Here was were time stood still. No house, no matter how important it looked bore
light, it seemed the whole town had been abandoned and Tenchi didn't know why. 
The tracks had taken him deeper into the city, so much so he could now not see the 
surrounding walls. The thought of being loss didn't frighten Tenchi. As soon as 
he had Kiyone he would run, constantly in one direction, he would eventually find
the perimeter and then...freedom. That thought was nice. The thought of going home
with the only thing on his mind of everyone waiting at home for him to return, with
a huge meal. Tenchi began to salivate again and his tongue hung out as he raised
and lowered with each step. Eventually the whole track disappeared underneath the
street, Tenchi was about to go back but jumped down when he noticed a set of 
steps going under. They were in a market square five times the size of the last 
one, and the surrounding buildings seemed very modern, like the type you would
find in any major city in the world. He looked around and took everything in,
he gazed cautiously down the stone steps, it indeed was an underground station.
Tenchi felt a chilling wind and span round, something was not right, someone was
watching him. He looked in every direction and then he noticed. On one of the 
buildings about three floors up, through one of the windows was a light.

Tenchi ran to the building, his body taking over, consumed by hope and fading
every thought of fear that arose. The building was a large block of flats, he
realised as he entered the stairwell and ascended with great speed up the steps that
were built within the confines of the block's four walls. He could see his target in
sight, he panted, out of breath he walked along the block to reach the door where the
light was radiating. He knocked. No reply. He knocked again. Still no reply. He looked
at the plain wooden door. Painted a sky blue, the paint had started to come away in some
of the corners and the door had had a new panel nailed on. Tenchi reached for the knob.
It turned slowly and the door began to open. Inside was a corridor, not very long with a
lounge to the left, a kitchen to the right and a bedroom at the back. Nothing really stood
out, flowery wallpaper, blue carpet, a couple of landscape paintings hung on the wall.
"Hello?  Is anyone here?" Tenchi said nervously.
There was no reply and Tenchi proceeded to examine the few rooms ahead, nothing in either
of them. No food in the cupboards, no sign of life. His hopes rested on the back room, 
cautiously he went inside. The bed sheets were in a mess and the window wide open no
clothes in any of the drawers, nothing. Disappointed Tenchi prepared to leave, as he did
he heard the font door shut ahead of him, someone had gone out. Once again Tenchi ran to 
door, flinging it open all he could do was watch as and anthopromorphous shape raced 
down the steps of the subway. Tenchi ran after as fast as he could, but the weight of 
his equipment and the excruciating tiredness he felt only slowed him down further. He
grabbed the handrail to help him down the steps only to reach the base and see a black
figure enter a carriage and the whole train speed off.
"Waaaiiiittttt!!!! Who are you?????"
His shouting was all for naught as the train went from view, and then was another
silence. Tenchi took a seat on one of the few provided, red, metal but still comfortable.
Tenchi took in the delights of his surroundings. A small dingy underground station, tiled
walls covered in posters that were peeling away, the whole place lit by large neon lights.
Some flickered and buzzed, and some were constantly out. The whole place reeked of urine,
and Tenchi waited in hope for the next train. 
"Well." He said to himself. "At least it's out of the rain." 

Ryoko looked furious as she constantly drummed her fingers on the table. She had been
sat there most of the day, and was completely fed-up. She got up and walked to the couch,
landing on it in her usual horizontal position. Five days had passed and during that time
no search had been successful. Outside the sun was beginning to set and throwing up a
romantic red storm with it. Ryoko just lay there looking at the ceiling chasing away the
days until Tenchi comes home. She put one arm dangling over the side of the couch and
gently swayed it. Then she heard the front door slide open. She jumped to her feet.
"Tenchi?" She looked and saw a very weary purple-headed princess. Ayeka had been out
for yet another walk to clear her head, and in the hope she may find Tenchi.
Ryoko's hopes were smashed again and she sat back down. Ayeka said nothing, she walked
over and sat down. Ryoko looked at her through one eye.
"I hope you know this is all your fault."
"How is this my fault?" Ayeka snapped back.
"If you hadn't interfered he wouldn't have hit his head so bad, you hurt my Tenchi."
"How dare you! If you had just used proper courtesy then I wouldn't have had to intervene,
and it was You who dropped him, you monster! You don't know how to treat him like I do!!"
Ryoko went to her face again. "Monster am I? Don't know how to treat him? You've got 
some nerve you royal pain!!"
"How dare you!!!! I'm his fiancee!!!"
"Well HE doesn't know that!!!"
"I....I just haven't got round to telling him yet!"
"HA!! You'll never confess your love you gutless wonder!!!"
The pair were about to cross swords again when Washu walked into the room from the Lab.
Ryoko and Ayeka looked up expectantly, eyes wide open. Washu said nothing, just shook her
head. Ryoko and Ayeka sank back into the couch, depressed. They knew why he left, the note
he left explained all, why he would have to go, why he couldn't tell them. But of course
those two could never be satisfied with that, they would have to blame each other, only
then would they feel better. Washu had been trying in vain to locate Tenchi, it was 
difficult, being human and the weather around wherever he was, was so bad it made 
locating him impossible. Washu had emerged to get something to eat. They had to make it
themselves, Sasami was too upset to do anything for the last few days, except from 
seeking sanctuary upstairs. Mihoshi was working with the Galaxy Police to try to track
Kiyone from her last known position. Seth had already taken this into consideration,
he had been very shrewd. Ryoko fiddled with the same piece of paper that she had done
for five days, the piece with Tenchi's note. As the birds began to say the last few 
goodnights, the residents at the Masaki home prepared for another night and a new day,
whatever it may bring. All Ayeka could do was pray for Tenchi's safety, but were Tenchi 
is, no prayers can reach. 

The train that had arrived was filthy, degenerating through years of neglect and now
in a sorry state of disrepair, a total contrast to the one Tenchi saw earlier on. 
This was a one fitted out for fast speed, lots of stops and a constant flow of
passengers. Similar to any underground passenger train in any city. Tenchi held
on to a pole, the seats didn't look very tempting. Slashed and thrown around, stripped
of their material, some covered in a thick goo, which Tenchi thought was best if he
didn't know what it was. Litter covered the floor, old newspapers, drinks cans, and
other ordinary refuse. Tenchi brushed it aside with his foot. The carriage rocked
from side to side as it hurtled down the track, Tenchi looked through the window,
listening to the clicking as the carriage went over the joins between the rail pieces.
Outside was merely black, sometimes a station would go by, the neon lights illuminating
it, and Tenchi watched as again they past an empty, deserted station. Tenchi
continued to daydream, constantly looking over his shoulder to check for anyone trying 
to sneak up on him, but none would. It seems strange to us, but Tenchi may actually 
enjoy being attacked. At least it would be some-one to talk to and the fight would
help him loosen up. He'd been tense since he had arrived. He continued to look around
feeling a little sick from the bad travelling and that old musty smell that filled the
train was horrendous. It took a while to dawn on him but after about half an hour it seemed
that they had not stopped once, the train continued to just move at the constant speed.
This was worrying, but then lightening struck. If this is a train then there must be a 
driver, unless it was computer controlled, which seemed unlikely in such a scruffy place.
Tenchi began to make his way up the train, through the different carriages and through
a trail of desolation. Broken windows, seats ripped from the supports in the floor,
graffiti and one of the most worrying, blood. Lots of blood, pools of it, splattered up
the walls and spread over the floor. What was more worrying, no bodies to prove its
existence. It covered everything, including the light, turning the whole carriage
red, which left a very uneasy feeling in Tenchi as he made his way more cautiously
through this carriage than he did the others. A small object caught Tenchi's eye on the
way out of this carriage, It was a grim decoration. Bones tied together with bailing 
twine like a ladder and at the bottom, a human head tied to the bottom rung by his hair.
All had been done recently as big chunks of meat were still present, and every so often
a drop of blood would add itself to the pool beneath. It was that awful pink colour, 
flayed violently and left to rot. The stench had drifted across the train and that explained
that awful, musty stench that made Tenchi screw his face up and squint. Tenchi grew afraid
again, as he made his way past trying hard not to touch it. As he walked through the next
carriage he knew it was important to blot such thoughts out of his head if he was to ever
make it back. He tried hard and only marginally managed to forget his fears as he walked to
the driver's door shaking. Too much can take its toll on a man. Tenchi was courageous, he had
fought many battles and defeated many people, he had seen his fair share of evils in his time.
But nothing could have prepared himself for all this, bodies skinned outside the city, chunks
taken out, freaky characters wandering about, it was all getting to his nerves and Tenchi 
knew soon he would crack under the pressure. At least he there was a chance of someone 
being behind this door. Like any other train door it opened, and he walked through, 
sliding open the crew door which displayed the sign 'Authorised Personnel Only'. Tenchi
wasn't authorised but he wasn't likely to be put off by a silly formality, this was a matter
of life and death. Tenchi rallied his courage and emitted a sigh of relief as he looked up
and saw, with his back to Tenchi a man sat in a swivel chair in a blue uniform. This was it
Tenchi thought, all this time of no-one to talk to, of all the uncertainty that it was still
Earth, at last he would hear another voice. Even if it was "Get out, Authorised Personnel 
Only." Tenchi wouldn't mind.
"Excuse me, sir." Tenchi said in a soft voice. There was no reply. Maybe he hadn't hear him.
"Errm Sir, Hello?" Tenchi spoke louder. Still no answer.
It was a standard cabin, the driver situated behind two large panes of glass which looked
onto the track, barely visible through the thick black shroud. An instrument panel lay 
in front of the driver. Tenchi put his hand on his shoulder, there was still no response.
Tenchi turned the driver round in his seat, a blank look was on the driver's face, a look 
of sheer disgust on Tenchi's. The driver opened his mouth as if he was about to say something
and his head rolled off his shoulders, bearing the drivers spine between his shoulders. That
was it, Tenchi had cracked he let out a shout, as loud as he could. Mixed in the scream was
a range of emotion, fear, defiance, torment, anger as he stumbled out the room. No sooner
that he did then some powerful invisible force flung open all the doors through the train
and each light blew, sending shard of glass flying and laying a carpet over the train. This
was too freaky it was as if the whole city was haunted. He wanted out. He pressed his face 
against the glass of the carriage hoping for a station that the train would stop at. As he
began to claw at the glass in desperation, it just got worse as he heard heavy footsteps
running through the carriages towards Tenchi. He pressed his back up against the door and 
drew his sword, wailing to himself as madness began slowly creeping through his mind. As
the footsteps were about to make their way into the carriage were Tenchi was, Tenchi was
poised to strike, but before he could see his assailant, he fell back, through the door and
out the train.

Tenchi hit the ground hard, and immediately jumped up to face whatever he was being perused
by. Amazingly nothing came out, the rapidly approaching footsteps were no more. Tenchi 
looked confused as he stood on the station platform. The train door closed, and began to pull
away, the driver's corpse slumped back in his chair. As the train pulled away Tenchi swore
he could see, for an instant two daemonic faces in the glass of the window, laughing with
heartfelt content at Tenchi's misfortune. Tenchi stood for the moment exasperated at such
an ordeal, and once again he felt sane. The station was the same type of decoration as
the last one, except this one was longer, and the steps in the middle. Tenchi knew the
longer he delayed, the longer he would have to stay in Golgotha, so he prepared himself again
to face the wind and the rain outside. This time Tenchi just about crawled up the steps, he
was beginning to wish he had taken the risk and told someone at home. Maybe Washu would have
some devise to let them skip by, undetected and then maybe they would be home by now. Tenchi
gazed up and felt suddenly a great deal happier. He must now be less than a mile away from the
Cathedral, the train actually shortened his journey, he couldn't believe it. The gigantic 
cathedral loomed over Tenchi menacingly, like some haunted house it proudly displayed an 
array of spikes wherever there was a flat piece of stone. Tenchi could now see the many 
windows bearing pictures from a time long ago. A wonder of the modern world it stood and
will to time indefinite, conveying the unshakeable faith and loyalty of those inside of
it. Huge buttresses held it upright, and the roofs shed their water causing rain to come
down like sheets of glass. Again it had it's guardians, as Lightning struck in the distance
and illuminated the cathedral Tenchi could make out similar twisted entities that had guarded 
the way into Golgotha. But these were high up, as if about to take flight within a moments
notice, wings sprawled open hoping to catch a prevailing wind. Tenchi was filled with awe
at such a sight, he had only seen such a sight in school textbooks and maybe once on a
field trip. But none of them even stood near to this, it was a giant amongst giants and
its external beauty unrivalled in the architectural world. Nothing could have even come
close to the feeling of seeing something so inspiring, Tenchi was amazed at the sight as
it stood silently in the background. After a moment of weakness, Tenchi shook himself out 
of his daze and began to survey his new position, his thoughts soon swung to the negative
side. It was almost exactly what he had come from, he was in a small town square with 
rows and rows of slums on every side of him, all showing the exact amount of life as 
those he had left behind. This was indeed becoming more a test than Tenchi had first 
realised when he departed. There was a feeling of great evil in the air though, Tenchi
could sense it, a similar feeling he had when he saw the light on in the block of flats,
something was very close. He drew his magnificent platina-tipped sword, and put himself
in a combat stance as he listened very delicately. The rain continued to pour. He heard
the rain hitting his already saturated armour, pools of water on the ground, the 
corrugated iron houses and the earth that had not yet turned to mud. His once spiky hair
was flat, and would often stick to his face, sending rivers down his cheek. Tenchi began
looking over his shoulder, looking down every row of houses, hoping to find what was
watching him. Slowly stepping forward, sword held upright from his hip with both hands
he edged his way menacingly through the mud. Then out the corner of his eye he saw them.
He looked around to see three of the most foul excuses of men he had ever seen. Tenchi 
could smell them from were he was, a putrid stench of all things rotten. They were all
around Tenchi's height, but both arms were slumped down as if they had very little energy.
They dragged their feet along the floor as they slowly moved towards Tenchi, their heads
rocking to either side with seemingly little control of them. Their clothes were but rags,
wrapped loosely around their festering bodies. Their physique dictated men in their thirties,
their skin however looked like it belonged to a man not a day younger than three hundred. 
Wrinkled and wrapped tightly over bone, its colour only possible through decomposition. 
Their faces smiling, with a few rotting teeth and saliva dripping from within, attempting
speech but having no luck as all they could manage were noises made from the back of the
throat as if in great pain in doing so. Tenchi was horrified by their presence, and 
wondered how any God could allow such an abomination to exist upon his Earth. Tenchi 
gripped tighter on his sword as they came, bearing clubs of bone with the intention
of liberating Tenchi's brain from within the confines of his skull. Tenchi would not
let this happen however, as he preferred to keep his brain in it's current location and
didn't much savour the uncomfort of having it taken from there. Tenchi let them get a bit
closer, taking a better look at what he was up against before giving them fair warning
by holding his sword higher and swaying it about his head. The men ignored and continued
to stumble forward, barefoot Tenchi could see the scars and blisters and each walked as if
their ankle was broken, falling to one side of the foot with each depression of the leg.
Their eyes were glazed, completely white and focusing upon nothing as their heads swayed
as they continued to move. As they got closer Tenchi could see that something was amiss,
the one in the middle had thin skin, so much so that at his stomach that the meat could be 
seen within. Deep red and crushed against his skin, it seemed it was ready to burst out,
he may have allowed his curiosity to continue as they advanced if he had not noticed a
curious fact. Sudden realisation gripped his senses and he leapt back in horror at the 
thoughts that surged his brain, thoughts eliminating the possibility of their humanity.
He could not believe it, it's impossible! But he noticed that in the whole time they had 
been approaching, not once did breath proceed from their lips. Being a cold night (or day, 
Tenchi has at this point lost track of time) he could easily tell from the clouds of vapour 
as he exhaled. But these did not, only when mumbling did a faint stream of cloud appear.
Tenchi had a choice to make, run or fight. Although the first seemed by far the most sensible
option in this situation the notion of fighting seemed a break from the norm. He had ran for
too long, at least this way he may stretch some of his muscles that had lay dormant for 
such a long time he prepared to engage. Again holding his sword to his hip he stood an 
intimidating pose, ready to pounce. His adversaries did not cease, they still continued
their relentless advance. Tenchi paused for a moment, waiting for them to be in range. 
As they did he decided to give fair warning, lashing out he gave a slight cut with the 
edge of his blade on the middle ones left cheek, causing but a minor flesh wound. He did
not even squint or mother his wound but walked forward with all the intention of before.
Raising their clubs it was their turn to strike, Tenchi easily parried the slow cumbersome
blows from all three with quick angular strikes. The men fell back slightly due to the 
ferocity of the defence. Tenchi knew he momentarily had the advantage, lunging forward
with his teeth gritted he struck the middle man at the shoulder. The clean blade cut 
through with incredible ease, Tenchi slid to a stop a few yards behind his opponents to
see the man's arm fall to the ground. Tenchi looked amazed as no blood poured from the 
wound and all three looked round slowly, menacingly. Tenchi blocked out the thoughts of
amazement and prepared to strike again. He attacked with a similar killer instinct. Like
lightning he charged the one at the front whose arm now lay in a puddle. Sticking his 
blade through his stomach as he jumped over, tearing his Torso down the middle and exiting
through the good shoulder as he jumped behind again  with the agility of a cat. The twisted
body fell to the ground, but constantly twitching as organs showered the floor. Tenchi had 
left the battle with only a few specks of blood on his face, which was quickly washed off
by the constant rain. Tenchi could see that this fight was going to be easy and he had
won already, his opponents were slow, weak and easy to slice. Usually he would give them
the opportunity to surrender but he didn't want to, strangely, he was, enjoying it. The
fight and the maiming, he was taking pleasure from it. Tenchi couldn't believe it, what 
was he turning into? Never did he ever take enjoyment from the death of others. Tenchi
shuddered violently and then realised he was supposed to be fighting! He moved just in time
to avoid a potentially fatal blow, instead of beaning him on the noggin' the club smashed
into his shoulder, Tenchi fell to the ground in agony. The club was heavy, so despite the
slowness of the men any blow has the potential to cause serious damage. Tenchi writhed on
the floor in pain, holding his shoulder he stumbled in confusion on his hands and knees.
Looking for his sword amongst the mud he watched as the two remaining men walked slowly
onwards.
"C'mon, C'mon were are you?" Tenchi said to himself as he padded his hands around the
surrounding area hoping to grab hold of the hilt of his sword. Tenchi sighed in relief
as he found what he was looking for. He had barely raised it from a brown puddle an inch
before out of nowhere a green hand grabbed his wrist tightly. Tenchi panicked out of fright,
the arm pulled the rest of the body closer to Tenchi, which was lying on the floor with 
only one arm and half of its Torso cut open. Its face smiled right in Tenchi's, Tenchi was
in a blind panic and, almost screaming raised his sword cutting off the other arm, leaving 
it still clasping his. At this point sat down, Tenchi noticed the other about to swing his
club down, Tenchi grabbed the nearest thing he could use as a shield. He struck, Tenchi
was sprayed with blood and shards of skull as his club smashed into the face of the armless
man, which Tenchi had used as a human shield. Discarding it Tenchi stood up, spitting out
blood and looking very pissed off. With one fell swoop the head of his opponent rolled off
his shoulders and the body fell into a crumpled heap on the floor, Tenchi focused his 
attention to the remaining foe, who looked no less determined despite having his comrades
slaughtered. Tenchi looked at him in a cold stone face, he struck and missed Tenchi, Tenchi
pushed him to the floor with the hilt of his sword. The monster lay on its hands and knees.
Tenchi put his foot on its back and raised his sword. Tenchi could almost see a hint of
fear in its eyes which made it seem a little more human, but it was too little too late, its
fate was already decided, and it realised as cold steel snapped his spinal chord in two, 
followed by a quick decapitation. Tenchi stepped back to admire his handiwork, an evil grin
on his face as he studied the three mangled corpses. His smile was wiped away, he realised 
what he had done, cruelly massacred three people. He couldn't believe himself, pushing his 
sword into the ground he fell to his knees in grief, he was turning into a monster. He
didn't like it, he didn't feel himself and he wanted to be the old Tenchi. The rain seemed
to accompany a single tear, shed out of remorse. No matter how lonely he felt through his
travels he now felt the farthest from home, he felt alone and forgotten, a speck in
a universe of emptiness. Tenchi looked at his hands, covered in blood, a deeper red than
he could ever imagine it was thick like some red goo. Tenchi threw it to the floor and it
assimilated with the mud, to be forever forgotten. Tenchi crawled over to the side of the 
slums and pulled out a sheet of thin Iron, which he shoved into the wall and sat under, out
of the rain. Tenchi huddled himself up holding his knees to his face trying to ignore the
chilling wind from one side. He did this to comfort himself, as he collected his thoughts.

The main question he pondered was that of his assailants. What were they? No way could they
have been people and yet they were of human form. They were hideous, deformed and decrepped,
and inhuman in every way except their form. Suggestions started to flood in, experiments?
Aliens? Monsters? Zombies? Tenchi shrugged it off, they were all way too silly, although 
no normal explanation could explain the events or even the existence of this very city.
Tenchi looked around, it all seemed real, he felt his body.
"I'm real." 
He pinched himself and yep, he was awake. Then how is this possible? An entire city lost
in time? How come no-one noticed it before, it must be at least 40 miles in length, why
are there no people around? Did they all disappear? Who is this Seth? Why does he want the
sword? Why is everything so weird, who was watching him from the tower? and why the hell 
is it always raining? Questions, Tenchi thought to himself need answering and they would
not be answered by him sitting on his arse doing nothing. He picked himself up, taking
care not to hit his head on the iron and walked to his sword, reaching out he felt a twinge.
"Nnnnnnngggggggghhhhh......" Tenchi grabbed his shoulder.
He had completely forgotten about his injuries, his shoulder felt bad, very bad, possibly
broken. Tenchi knew he could not tie any kind of support without a second party to help. 
He would have to try to block it out of his head for the time being, maybe he could ask
for assistance when he finally meets Seth. He picked up his sword and wiped the blade clean
on his trousers, before returning it to its sheath. Tenchi looked around to decide once
again were he was to wander.
"Best press on towards the cathedral hadn't I?" Tenchi looked around, he'd started talking
to himself? Shaking himself back into the real world Tenchi pressed on, holding his shoulder.
Quite strangely Tenchi felt a high degree better, at least now he had stretched the muscles 
in his arms and was feeling, well quite invincible having easily beaten three adversaries.
Tenchi walked slightly smugly down an alley of slums not noticing his watchers gathering 
together and moving from within the confines of the slums. Tenchi continued, blissfully
unaware of the hundreds of bodies awaking from a death-like slumber and taking up arms.
Skinny shadows, rising from the ground and from amongst the wastes making little sound,
silent killers. As he passed rows of seemingly lifeless abodes he held his stomach.
"Boy am I hungry now. What I would give for a hot meal." Tenchi sighed, thinking about food
was making him slightly more hungry. It seemed to him a mere straight walk to the entrance
to the central cathedral, the path was clear for many meters in front, after that and the 
darkness forbid an answer. Tenchi's pace quickened, for a reason he had yet to discover, but
it was that feeling again, a dark foreboding that lies dormant in the back of the head. 
Experiences dictates that ignoring such a feeling could result in a fatal decision on the 
part of Tenchi, a situation that he for one wishes to avoid. Briskly walking, Tenchi began
giving sly glances over the shoulder which he held to soothe the pain. Maybe it was the 
fact that subconsciously he knew something was there, but each time he tried to look over
he was stopped short by a mental barrier, only giving him a view to one side. Grabbing 
the hilt of his sword, Tenchi prepared himself once again for combat. Adrenaline pumping,
Tenchi span round clasping the sword with all his might and slashing at thin air against
anything that was foolishly trying to sneak upon him. Nothing. The street behind him was 
bare, dark and the same as the one he was heading down. Nothing he could see would bare
him any harm, lest he considered rats his mortal enemy as the scurried through the few
drains. Tenchi returned his sword to its place, a little confused, he swore he could sense
someone following him. Shaking off doubt Tenchi resolved to carry on, turning round, Tenchi
came face to face with it. Yes, an eight foot Iron wall, standing little more than a meter
from were Tenchi was. Tenchi stepped back.
"What?? What the hell is this?" He surveyed it.
What had happened? How can a huge metal wall appear out of thin air and block his advance?
Tenchi pressed his hands against it, hoping it to be a mere illusion. To no avail, the wall
was real, and strong. Tenchi banged his fist against it.
"Damn!!! Now what do I do?" Tenchi said to himself. "Should I go back and try a different
route or should I try and see if there's a way around? Hmmm." Tenchi had come to expect the
weird now, and so the effect was creating less and less impact, but still he was becoming
increasingly concerned by the nasty habit of talking to himself. Tenchi's deep thought was
broken by the slight scratching of a fingernail picking away at rusted Iron. He looked around,
bemused and searched for the source of the irritation. Following his ears, listening to
the constant 'scritch scritch scritch' Tenchi traced it to his left, it seemed to be coming
from a pile of corrugated Iron, piled high forming part of the street of shanty houses. He 
squatted down and poked his finger through, searching and taking parts away from it. Frightened
he jumped back, an eye, watching him as its owner now made a bid for freedom from within his
metal coffin moaning and shouting as he did so. At that precise moment the streets burst to
life, from every nook and cranny came arms, scrambling out, pulling the rest of the bodies 
out. In front of him, Tenchi was right, hundreds nay, Thousands it seemed of the same 
creatures he had already disposed of. Their sclerous bodies closed in as Tenchi scrambled 
himself into life. All around him, these monsters were emerging, now he had to act while 
they were distracted with this business as the others began a slow advance, their numbers
being strengthened all the while by walking, mangled corpses. Trapped he may have been, its
amazing what one can do when crazed with fear, as though running up an invisible staircase
Tenchi managed to scramble up onto one of the houses' roofs. Using everything he could as
a foothold, even the head of an emerging monster. Looking down, Tenchi could see them trying
to climb up, but with little success. He swallowed hard, seeing the space he but a moment
ago occupied, filling up with stumbling, walking carcasses until he could no longer see the 
ground. From this point Tenchi could see much more of his area, the many streets, a better
view of the cathedral and to Tenchi's amazement a light, coming from an area several streets 
away in an area surrounded by slums, but a large area nevertheless. If he was to ever find
people before his confrontation with Seth it would be here. Tenchi was about to leave 
now if he hadn't turned around. Levitating above the pit of daemons was a man, an incarnation
of evil, Six foot tall in a long crimson cloak, with a head of a goats skull he raised a bony
finger to Tenchi and started hissing profusely. Tenchi did not want to stay to exchange 
names, this creature seemed incapable of speech never mind polite customs. His break did 
not come a moment too soon as a fireball exploded were he was stood. Sprinting down the row
of roofs he started cursing.
"Why, WHY did I not listen to myself, I should have asked for help, but noooooo!!! Stupid!!
STUPID!!!!! How could I ignore my own advice like that?" 
Tenchi stumbled as his foot went through a weaker roof, upseting his momentum for a while
as he continued to dodge incoming fire.
"Head for the light. Head for the light. Head for the light......!!!!!!!"
He lost his footing and smashed through a roof, landing in a small room, similar to the
one he had rested in earlier. There was no time for resting, drawing his sword his sliced
off the leg off one of the undead creatures that was residing there before it got the 
chance to attack him. Judging from the size of the room it was against the odds, but Tenchi's
quick reflexes shone through as he ran out and continued sprinting down the muddy street.
The nightmare was getting worse as they poured through the streets, led by the crimson
goat-lord, seeking only one thing: TO KILL!!! The shots flew past, one hit home. Flying 
many feet ahead Tenchi struggled to his feet, beating off the flames of the fireball as they
closed in, hungry and in need of nourishment. They didn't look the sort that would bother
to kill him first, and by the look of their teeth, blunt, the prospect of being eaten alive
held little merits. It was imminent, all his composure was gone and he could barely stand, the
back of his leg was burned badly, and the pain was unbearable. Giving one last attempt he tried
to make it to his feet, so close but he fell upon his back. Gritting his teeth he prepared 
to die as the swarms homed in, salivating in ecstasy. He closed his eyes and listened to that
goat, hissing laughter. In an instant it seemed hell had opened up as a barrier. A huge wall 
of flame separated the two, causing screams of the goat-lord and the front line swallowed up
and incinerated by the flames. Tenchi looked up to see the source of the flames, a dark 
shadow pass swiftly from the roof, into another street.
"Wait!!!!!" Tenchi yelled "I need help!!!!!!!!"
He got an unexpected reply, a voiced echoed in his head.
"RUN YOU FOOL!!!!!!!"
Tenchi was swift not to ignore it, clambering to his feet he took heed. Limping as he ran, 
he made slow progress to the end of the street to see the goat-lord levitate through the 
flames, unscathed laughing in a deep voiced that bellowed through the streets, the voice
seemed incapable from him. It seemed to come from everywhere, it was that powerful, causing
his stomach to vibrate with the low sounds. 
"HUH HUH HUH.....YOU DARE TO TEMPT ME????? YOU SHALL GO NO FURTHER!!!!!" 
This wasn't the voice he had heard in his head, the voice that told him to flee was warm, it
had feeling, it came from somebody. This voice was filled with malice, it was cold, it was
evil, it came from someTHING. Tenchi was nearer than he had ever been, a ball of fire hurtled
down the street, but Tenchi was already on his way. Limping down many aisles his goal was in 
sight, he could already see one corner of the market square, but the light was further over so
he could not see it's source. Tenchi was almost there, he looked over his shoulder, the 
daemon was approaching, but it wouldn't matter he thought because he was now....Tenchi hit the 
cold steel of a seven foot wall. He fell back, blocked by the forces of dark magic. Cut off
just before he reached his goal. Tenchi thumped the wall, cursing all the while. The goat-Lord
stood laughing as Tenchi broke down in a fit of despair. Sat down back to the wall that had 
stopped him earlier he awaited judgement, judgement that he knew would come swift and brutal.
"CHECK-MATE I THINK." The daemon said, breathing heavily as he walked slowly to one side,
his head tilted and Tenchi could see straight through one eye and out the other, quite a 
disturbing sight. "YOU NEEDN'T HAVE RAN...." He stated raising his palm. "YOU ARE ALREADY
DEAD." Light began to collect on his hand, blinding. It turned green and rays shot forth as
it gathered strength. Tenchi once again breathed in his last breath. It shot out, in an 
instant it moved faster than anyone could tell, yet only centimetres away it hit an invisible
field, and bounced back.
"WHAT IS THISSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!????????!" The goat Lord flew back, hitting the floor. 
Tenchi opened his eyes, two hands grabbed his face pulling him backwards were the wall had 
once been.
"C'mon we don't have much time!"
The two of them stumbled onward into the square, Tenchi's arm wrapped over his friends back 
as he struggled to walk. He could barely hold his head up than to see who his helper was, he
could not even tell were he was going. Slipping out of consciousness Tenchi could hear other
voices, shouting, screaming and the unmistakable sound of gunfire.

Ayeka stood like an angel over the glistening pool of water, the sunlight throwing up sparkles
which emanated a fairy-like glow around her body. The small waterfall, splashing down a few
stones and the many exotic plants finishing the picture, cradled by the leaves of many caring
trees and delicate flowers. Ayeka's long purple hair shone beautifully as the water reflected
rays of sunlight, almost blinding Tenchi at times. She was crouched over the river washing her
hair, with it to one side she ran her fingers through it softly. No words that any writer 
could throw together on printed page could describe the peace Tenchi felt. The calmness, the
serenity, blossomed like that of a fresh rose and emitted an odour of finest perfume that 
would appease the devil himself. Tenchi walked forward, out of the tree's embrace to gaze 
upon the beauty before him. Ayeka opened her eyes to return the stare. She smiled softly and
raised her head, waving her hair from side to side as she did. Rivulets of water streamed
down her tender locks as she dried it with a towel, seemingly unembarrassed by the fact she
was not wearing the full dress she would normally wear in front of Tenchi. Instead she wore
silk that hung loosely on her skin, drying her hair she put her head to one side and smiled.
"What are you staring at Lord Tenchi?" Her words were said only in the sweetest of tones,
undefiled by that of obscenities.
"Are you staring at me?"
Tenchi of course was and so he hesitated. "I errr was just walking...and I.."
Ayeka laughed softly. "You were watching me weren't you?"
Tenchi reluctantly nodded.
"I never realised how beautiful you looked, not for a long while."
Tenchi looked into her deep red eyes, that seemed to hypnotise.
"Am I really that beautiful?"
Tenchi nodded again, nodding seemed to be a way to agree but not to continue a conversation.
"Then tell me Tenchi, what do you like best about me?" Ayeka put down her towel and walked
towards Tenchi, almost face to face. Tenchi thought for a moment.
"It's hard to explain, but its almost like being around you makes me feel whole again."
He hesitated. "Like being with my mother."
Ayeka almost squealed with delight, she hugged Tenchi tight.
"I'm glad you think of me like that." Ayeka kissed him on the cheek and took a step back.
She tenderly held both his hands and looked him in the eyes.
"Do you love me?" 
The question Tenchi always dreads, but for some reason he felt less fear of giving an 
honest reply but still he hesitated. Ayeka gripped a bit tighter as she asked again, 
a note of desperation in her speech.
"Do you love me Tenchi?"
"Ayeka." Tenchi began. "You know I have strong feelings for Ryoko, I cannot deny that."
"Tenchi? Yes or no?" Ayeka looked up, holding back a tear.
"However, I still cannot deny what I feel for you. I love you Ayeka, I love you both."
Ayeka hugged him again, her face plunged into his chest.
"That's all I needed to hear, Thank you Tenchi. I have waited just to hear those words."
Tenchi held her head in his arms, everything was perfect and warm, he could stay here
forever. Ayeka stepped back, not spoiling the perfect moment.
"We're all waiting for you y'know."
Tenchi sat on a rock. "I know Ayeka, but there are still things I must do, things that I 
have to accomplish before I can see any of you again." 
"I understand Lord Tenchi." Ayeka bowed her head respectfully. "We will wait for your 
return, when we can finally see each other again." Ayeka lay her hands upon his shoulders. 
Tenchi looked up at her smiling face, so pretty. "I look forward to seeing everyone."
Ayeka shuddered.
"Ayeka?" Tenchi stood up, concerned as she held her face.
"Ayeka!! What's happening?" All around the dream turned sour, the leaves on the trees began
to wither and die. The flowers lost their natural beauty and turned brown, the river ran
red with blood and the clear sky filled with thick, black clouds. The tweet of the birds
replaced by evil maniacal laughter. Tenchi however was more concerned about Ayeka, as he
tried to grab her she moved away fast.
"What?? What's happening to your hands?"
The skin on her hands shrunk, withering away, ageing at hundreds of times the normal speed.
It was stomach churning sight, to see someone he loved die before his eyes. Taking her hands
from her face she revealed her face. No more did any beauty shine forth. It was wrinkled and
pitiful. Her hair grey and falling out, thin wispy hair growing and then coming to rest upon
the ground. Tenchi was horrified by the sight and felt sick. Ayeka held up a withering hand,
towards Tenchi the bone almost showing through her skin. With all her strength she managed 
a few words which she slurred out her toothless mouth.
".......the city!!!!.........Don't..let it.....get......you!!!....Beware.....the city!!...."
At those words she fell forward, more resembling a decomposing skeleton than royalty of 
Jurai. Tenchi couldn't bare holding her corpse and stumbled back tripping into the river
of blood, swallowed up by the depths as he tried to swim out, but drowned in a pit of sorrow.

Tenchi awoke with a start. Everything was red. Nothing else could he see but red. He began to
panic and tried to arise from were he was lying.
"Arrrrrr!!!! Help me!!!!! Somebody!!!!! Ayeka!!!!!! Ryoko!!!!!!! Washu!!!!!! Mihoshi!!!
Anybody!!!!" He began to flail wildly until he felt someone hold him back.
"Be careful. Don't worry its only a bit of blood in your eyes." Tenchi relaxed. He felt he
could trust whoever he was and so he lay back.
"Where am I?" Tenchi asked softly. He could hear the man walk to the other side of the room.
"You're in a field hospital." Came the reply. "You had quite a few nasty cuts and bruises."
Tenchi smiled weakly. "They were more than cuts and bruises, I almost died."
"On the contrary, I've seen people walk away from much worse. You merely sustained a
shattered shoulder blade, minor burns to the calf and a few flesh wounds. So all in all you
survived pretty well out there, you should be proud." Tenchi could hear him doing work with
some type of medicines, pouring, measuring and mixing. Tenchi didn't feel very proud, he 
just felt ill. 
"Who are you?" Tenchi asked, trying not to sound rude.
"I am merely a medic." Came the reply. "My job is to help the wounded and cure illness that
may affect the troops."
"Troops?" He asked in a cynical tone.
"You will hear that from the captain, I am not at liberty to give any information on any 
matters such as that, I am medical personnel. Now take this, it'll help stop the pain."
He was handed a small round pill, Tenchi didn't ask questions and took it.
"Now to get that blood out your eyes..." He said, picking a piece of metal equipment of a 
tray. 
"Now open your eyes, yes that's it." He put a cold metal nozzle gently on his sclera.
"Now try not to move, I'm just going to start the machine."
Tenchi nodded in agreement. When the vacuum was started, Tenchi jumped a little. Although
he was told to keep his eyes open, Tenchi couldn't help closing them. The doctor just forced
them open with the nozzle when he needed to go there. It was not a nice experience, but it 
was necessary, similar to going to the dentist. After he had finished he put the tools
down, Tenchi kept his eyes firmly closed. 
"Yeah that's it you may want to keep them closed for a few minutes, to get used to the feeling
without blood." The doctor began putting things away, delicate instruments on a metal tray.
He began to humm to himself as he worked. Just then Tenchi could hear two other men enter the
room with a stride that resounded authority.
".....this better be worth my fucking time, I don't need another potential threat lurking 
round the camp." Tenchi could hear them stop at his bed.
"Jurai battle armour eh?" He laughed to himself. His voice was gruff, a voice that would 
result from some sort of throat or chest infection. He coughed once, Tenchi could 
almost hear the phlegm come up his throat.
"Can he see yet?" The doc turned around.
"He will be able to in a few moments, just hang on a minute and he will." Tenchi felt him
sit on the side of his bed, his clothes were saturated and smelled mouldy as a result.
"Don't say much, do you Jurai?"
Tenchi felt intimidated and so answered in a harsher manner.
"My name's Tenchi, Tenchi Masaki." The man stood up.
"That don't mean nothing to me, that's only another white cross in a graveyard. 
Unless you do something to earn your name, you die forgotten and nameless." Tenchi seemed
a little confused at what he was saying, and why? Tenchi slowly opened his eyes and watched
as the colour came back, three blurs were standing over him. He sat up and rubbed his eyes,
everything coming back. The doctor, who was wearing a white uniform and helmet smiled 
and walked away to continue his work. The other two were different. One was a soldier who
stood by the door, his face not recognisable due to the respirator mask and goggles covering
his face. Dressed in camouflage with a huge glove on each hand and rifle accompanied by a 
bayonet. The other was an officer, who was standing over Tenchi. He wore a black officers 
cap, with an eagle insignia on the front. His uniform was simple, a long black trench coat
and cape. He had it decorated however, with tassels and medals. It was open at the chest 
to reveal a large block of strips of armour almost woven together. He was roughly 6 foot 
tall, and his face bore a hideous scar. He was human, but his face was devoid of feeling the
result of years of continuous fighting. He raised a gloved hand, light a cigarette placed in
his mouth with the other hand stopping the wind from blowing out the lighter. He took a deep
breath.
"I'm Captain Tyler of the 452nd Saxon rifles, this is my squad, I earned my name you see." 
For such a good officer he was certainly arrogant.
"Before I mention any of why I'm here I need to know why your here. Where you are heading,
who you work for whose side you are on, if there is anyone else with you and what you know
about the city." It was certainly a long list of demands, and Tenchi didn't know if he should
answer. However Tyler had recognised Tenchi's armour, he mustn't be from this world.
"Why I'm here?" Tyler took another draw as Tenchi asked that, Tyler nodded.
"Well, hmm It's quite a long story actually." Tenchi threw his legs over the side of his bed,
his armour had been dried out and fixed.
"Shorten it then." Tyler said, impatiently.
"Well a friend of mine was kidnapped when on a mission to capture someone for the galaxy 
police..." Tyler slyly smiled from the corner of his face. "But it was all a set-up by 
some guy named Seth, he approached me later using my friend as ransom. He said he wanted 
my sword, the Tenchi-Ken, and if I tried anything he would kill her and me. All he gave me 
was a map and that was it. I followed it, ended up here, chased by some awful things. That's
about the gist of it." Tyler rubbed his brow.
"Yes, interesting so..." He took another draw on the cigarette. "Tell me, what about this 
armour? You working for Jurai?" He pointed at his cleaned up armour.
"No. I'm a distant relative of the Jurai royal family, we live on Earth now."
"Jurai Royalty?" Tyler coughed. "He's not going to like that is he?" Tyler muttered to 
himself. "What did you say?" Asked Tenchi.
"Nothing.." Tyler smiled. "You look like you've travelled for days, you must be ravenous. 
There's a tavern just opposite, get something to eat. Ask for Skunky, he'll help you."
Tyler waved to the soldier at the door and he nodded in the affirmative and left. Tyler 
walked to the entrance of the Tent.
"Hey!!!!" Tenchi shouted. "You never told me a damn thing about you!!!!!"
Tyler looked round, "Ask Skunky, he'll tell yer everything." He turned back round and 
continued walking out. "Miserable sod's been stuck here for too long..." He said as he 
exited into the rain. He looked up at the sky.
"Fucking weather." And walked off.
Tenchi looked at the doc.
"Am I alright to go?" The doc stopped what he was doing and glaced at him, studying and
surveying for a second.
"I don't see why not, you look perfectly healthy to me, just check back if you experience
any serious pain."
"Okay I will. Thanks again doctor." Tenchi held out his hand. The doctor did the same and
they shook.
"Now go and get something to eat, I'm sure you'll have loads of questions that need answering
and I know you're dying to ask them."
"Yeah, I guess I do have a lot on my mind." Tenchi stood up and wobbled a bit as he regained 
his balance. The hospital was a large green tent, with one door and a few beds, all of 
which were empty. It was lit dimly with a single gas lantern. Various odd looking equipment
were scattered around, and the doc seemed to have loads to do. He was working on a table 
with a range of chemicals, he had folders piled in the corner and several cupboards containing
all manner of medical equipment. It was just an ordinary field hospital. Tenchi looked outside.
It was still raining. The tent looked out to the streets, were there was several buildings 
made from stone. The whole area was lit by a series of flood lights, Tenchi discovered as
he stepped outside. Linked together with a cable, they formed a perimeter were there was a lot
of activity. Mainly people and soldiers walking between houses and Tents, carrying equipment,
weapons, food, ammunition. Every so often a patrol would pass, soldiers with gas-masks and
water proof sheets. The whole area was sealed off from the rest of the slums by barricades.
It was a large area, Tenchi walked towards the door of the Inn. he turned round to see that
he was close to one of the perimeter walls of the city. Except, through the mist and rain
he could see a huge hole in the wall and standing outside a massive spacecraft. The inn was 
very dull from the outside in the cold, but inside it was brimming with life. Off-duty soldiers
sat around the bar enjoying a drink and a talk. The barman stood wiping a glass and enjoying
a conversation with one of them. The furnishings were top class and traditional. Wooden struts
supporting the second floor, covered in decorations such as portraits and flags. Tenchi's  
eyes were immediately drawn to the centre-piece of the room. A huge stone fireplace stood out
from the wall. The flames heating up the whole room as they danced wildly, cooking some kind 
of bird on a spit. The glow of the flames created a cosy atmosphere, and a soldier sat in an
armchair, enjoying 40 winks. In a smaller room straight ahead was a large table and many 
chairs. In every direction he could see people sat around tables drinking and socialising.
Tenchi took a step forward inside, it was so warm Tenchi forgot about the weather outside. 
He wiped his feet on the straw mat and walked along the stone floor. He stopped and turned
to his left to admire the huge Katana above the fireplace before turning right to see the
bartender look at him, still cleaning a glass. He stood in front a huge display of bottles
and barrels. He wore a white apron, and had a towel over one shoulder and a huge grey 
moustache. He seemed over 50, quite bald and a little fat but his face showed only kindness.
Around the bar the soldiers talked amongst each other, others just lay their heads in their
arms, exhausted after a hard days work. 
"You're new aren't you?" The bartender said, spitting into the glass before putting it onto
the shelf.
"Yeah, I only just arrived." Tenchi walked to the bar and squeezed in between two people.
"Seems like you've been in a bit of a fight. Am I right?"
"Sort of, I'm not even sure what I was attacked by." The bartender laughed.
"Don't worry kid. Here it's best that you don't know. Mind you, you have to be pretty brave
to go walking in Golgotha on your own. Either that or suicidal." He leant on the bar.
"I had to, I'm heading for the cathedral." The bartender laughed hard.
"That's what all these are heading for, don't know why they would want to. They keep talking 
about some relic and stuff like that, but personally I don't think it's worth all the hassle.
They should just forget it and go home, but then I'd be out of business." He shrugged his 
shoulders. Tenchi spoke up in astonishment. "You live here? Isn't that a bit strange? Don't
you fear getting killed." The bartender scraped his shoe.
"Nah, I don't live HERE. I live a few miles away, when I heard the soldiers were coming I 
decided to set up shop, make a profit y'know. Wouldn't dream of living here, no way. Some
other people came from the village as well, help out and that."
"I see." Tenchi continued "So no-one lives here then?" 
"Only one we know..." The bartender pointed to a sleeping man on the bar, next to Tenchi.
His face pointed away, bearing thick black hair as his head was in his folded arms. The
bartender looked at Tenchi, at the armour. "You're not from around here, are you?"
Tenchi smiled. "I'm from somewhere far, Several days by foot." 
"You must be quite thirsty then, here have one on the house." The bartender reached for 
some glasses off a nearby shelf. Tenchi got closer to the bar resting his elbows on the
the surface, accidentally nudging the guy next to him, who just snorted in his sleep and 
muttered to himself. The bartender took a pint glass and poured out a glass of silky smooth
lager and handed it to him, the head just overflowing a little. Tenchi took a celibately
mouthful, which felt heavenly. 
"So what you doin' here anyway? Can't imagine you came for the weather."
Tenchi put down his glass, admiring it slightly.
"Just looking for someone." He said, taking another drink.
"Oh, run away did they?"
"Nah, kidnapped." He seemed quite relaxed about it, before he was so worried, but being here
made Tenchi realise he wasn't so far away.
"We get alot of them y'know."
"Really?" Tenchi asked, taking another sip and raising an eyebrow, looking interested.
"Yeah, missing people always seem to end up in Golgotha."
The guy asleep next to Tenchi stirred in his sleep."...rrrrrrr...Golgotha...rrrrmmm.." He
mumbled, the two just looked at him and then continued.
"Must be the brochures." The bartender quipped. "Most of them end up being eaten anyway."
Tenchi spat out a mouthful. "Hey, don't worry if she has been eaten that'll be the best 
thing that could happen to her. Believe me..." He looked to the window. "..out there, there
are far worse ways of dying, far more stranger creatures than zombies."
"It's not like that though...." Tenchi stressed loudly.
"Really what's it like?"
"I'm here to pay the ransom, I have what Seth wants, all I have to do is meet him and give
it to him. That's it and we can all go home, happy." Tenchi took a victory swig. The man asleep
stirred. ".....rrrrrrr....Seth...rrrrr..bastard.....rrrrrr" The bartender leaned over into his
face, a glass eye went up to Tenchi's.
"Let me tell you this, friend. Never trust anything in this city, not its people, not its
buildings, nothing, savvy?" Tenchi looked at him confused. 
"So why should I trust you people."
"Two reasons. One, we are not from the city. Two, if you don't trust us you won't make it out
alive. You're lucky they found you whenever they did, one second outside the perimeter can be
lethal." It was a fair warning, a warning that Tenchi didn't want to disobey, going out of the
safety area is sheer madness. The bartender continued his work leaving Tenchi to enjoy his 
drink. The inn was so comforting Tenchi almost forgot what Tyler had told him earlier.
"Oh yeah, excuse me sir!!" The bartender looked over. "I wonder if you could tell me where I 
might find someone who goes by the name of Skunky?" 
"Ask him yersel' he's been sat there all the time." Tenchi looked at were the bartender was
pointing, the sleeping man next to him. Tenchi bit his bottom lip, he did not want to wake up
someone who was enjoying a good nap, but did so anyway. He shook him gently by the shoulder.
Skunky mumbled a little. Tenchi tried harder, this only caused the mumbling to get louder.
Tenchi mixed the shaking in with a bunch of 'excuse me's'. 
"Wha? Wha?" Skunky raised his head from his arms and sat up. His face was one of the warmest
he had seen for days, except for the bartender's, but this man must only be in his early
twenties. His face seemed like that of someone much younger though, not exactly handsome
but no way was he ugly. His thick black hair extended down to the large collar of his 
leather coat, which showed a few bits of war insignia. Inside his coat was a plain black
shirt, highlighted by the huge shiny silver belt-buckle of an eagle and a bullet pelt 
wrapped around his waist. He pulled his black hair to either side of his face revealing
two blue eyes. He looked at the armour.
"Jurai......what do they want? Don't loose it Skunky." Skuny said to himself under his breath.   
"Ermmm...sorry to disturb you mister, but I'm looking for someone called Skunky."
Skunky looked at him cautiously, taking a swig from a green bottle that had no label apart
from one that someone had written on using a piece of masking tape and writing over it in
black pen. 'Aqueous Vitae' it read.
"I'll tell you were he is if you tell me who sent you." His voice although seeped in that
of suspicion had a degree of humanity about it and calmness. Tenchi looked at him peculiarly.
"Well, Tyler did."
"The captain? Ahhhh. In that case I'm Skunky." He held out his finger-less gloved hand and 
Tenchi shook it.
"I'm Tenchi Masaki, pleased to meet you." Skunky turned in his chair to face him better.
"Sooooooo. What seems to be the problem? Ooooops first things first." Skunky clicked his 
fingers to the barman. "John...two shots of Bell's finest. Make mine a double." The barman
complied and Skunky handed him a few coins. Handing Tenchi one of the shots, Skunky downed his.
"Errrm thanks." Tenchi was unaccustomed to drinking but didn't want to offend him so he 
accepted. He squinted at the smell. 
"So what can I do for ya skip?"
"Well, Captain Tyler said that you could tell me all I need to know about this place and 
about what you're doing here. Oh and that you can get me a meal. That is unless you 
can't in which case I could just have whatever you have left..." Tenchi didn't wish to 
cause a fuss.
"Won't dream of it, you look famished what you need is hot food. And lots of it."
"I don't want to impose...." Tenchi said weakly. 
"Don't be silly...." Skunky put a friendly arm round Tenchi. "A friend of Tyler's is a friend
of mine...and deserves the best." Tenchi thought it a bit strange for someone to be this
friendly to him. "We can't have people coming in and starving to death. What kind of host 
would I be?" He signalled the bartender over.
"Your finest pulpatoon please....and don't skip on the gravy!!!!"
Tenchi looked at Skunky "What's a pulpatoon?"     
Skunky leapt from his stool in great emotion. "Why, it's only the finest olde English dish 
to be served ever!!!! Contains pheasant, duck, rabbit and all sorts. Just thinking of those
lovely meats, covered in thick gravy and the smell....the best"
Tenchi felt slightly sick, but having eaten only rice cracker for nigh gone a week he would 
eat anything. Probably make a change from meals served with rice and eaten with chopsticks.
Skunky sat back down and playfully punched Tenchi on the left arm.
"Are you traveller per chance? Only it seems you're a long way from jurai. You're not working
for them are you?" Tenchi held the left arm that Skunky had punched and rubbed it.
"No, I'm just trying to rescue someone, I'm a very distant relative of Jurai, I was raised on
this planet and am almost completely human." Skunky sighed in relief. 
"Now I'm sure you have a very interesting tale to tell. How's about we retire to the dining
room and you can fill me in as we wait for your meal and then I can enlighten you as to what 
we are all doing here." Tenchi felt relaxed in the friendly atmosphere.
"Sure thing, lets go." 
"Ahhhh" Skunky pointed to Tenchi's shot of Whiskey. Tenchi picked it up and after a few 
seconds of careful debate downed it. His face wrenched as he tried to put the glass down.
Skunky just laughed.

Seth stared angrily at the surveillance monitor, now only showing pictures that a terminated 
connection would show, interference. He cursed, hunched over the command console and banged
his fist on any space not covered in buttons or switches. He tried fiddling and turning
a few knobs but the transmission could not be retrieved. The monitor illuminated his face,
sending it a few shades whiter, but made the recesses of his face darker and more mysterious.
His face was twisted in confusion and rage and his eyebrow twitched a little.
"Damn that caniving little bastard!!! Now Tenchi's found Tyler and his men, he was supposed
to die long before that!!!!" He kicked the console and walked away across the metal floor,
his cape draping behind him. He walked across the room to a small cage suspended from the
ceiling by a rusted chain. He pointed fiercely at its occupant.
"Don't say a word you little bitch!!!!!" Kiyone put her face to the bars, she seemed to be
rather dirty.
"Like I was going to....." Seth took many violent strides to his left and right, arms folded
behind his back, almost laughing with anger.
"Ahhhhhhh come off it!!! You're all alike, always got something SO damn funny to say when 
something goes wrong for us villains. You think you're so smart and witty and it makes me
sick....well here's one for you to laugh out loud to, Tenchi's time is quickly running
away and if he doesn't hurry up you'll be nothing more than a pretty little ornament."
Seth looked at her. "Yep, if he doesn't hurry up I'm getting a taxidermist in here, I think
you'll look good on a mantelpiece." He started to laugh, Kiyone just sat back and folded her
arms. "You know, Tenchi's not a normal guy, he's a bit different." Seth began to smile.
"Tenchi's not normal? You don't say!!!! I thought he was the average Joe!! I mean everyone
lives with two Galaxy police officers, a several thousand year old mad scientist, a strange
rabbit-thing, whilst being chased by a daemon and his grandfather's step sister who has two
door-posts for company. I mean come on!!! We've all been there!!!!" Seth was almost prancing
around admiring what he thought was unrivalled comedy genius, Kiyone just sat with a blank 
expression on her face. "How did you know all that?" Kiyone asked surprised. Seth put his 
face to the bars. "I always do my research. For instance I did all that research on this
wanted felon and I completely pulled the wool over your eyes, they must be lowering the 
entrance standards to let people like you in." A fist came speeding out the bars and 
whacked Seth in the nose. He jumped back stemming the flow of blood with his hands.
"Arrrrrggghh!! Why you little witch!!!!" Kiyone began to laugh. Seth got even more angry.
"Think that's funny? Laugh this one off...." Seth began to shake the cage violently.
Kiyone got quite dizzy, and nauseous.
"Now SHADDDDAAAAPPP!!!! I've got to think of a way to kill this nuisance..."
Kiyone stood up in the cramped cage. "Tenchi'll be here, you won't kill him so easy."
"If he turns up we will do the trade, I get the sword and he gets you back."
"So why are you trying to kill him?"
"Because I know he'll put up a fight if he comes here." Kiyone sat down and rested her back.
"I don't think he'll be that silly, and anyway what do you want that sword for, you can't 
use its power." Seth looked over from the console.
"Who said I'm after its power? It's the beauty I'm interested in." Kiyone tried to hide a 
laugh, but couldn't and started guffawing out loud. "Beauty? You? Why would you be interested
in beauty? That's rich!!!!! Don't you get worried that all your evil friends talk about you
behind your back." She puts on a deep voice, still hysterical. "There goes Seth the softy,
he'll steal anything as long as it looks pretty..." She began rolling in laughter. Seth's 
face went purple with anger. "That can't be true because I kidnapped you!!!!!" Kiyone 
was so immersed in laughing she ignored his comment. 
"You women never know when to shut your goddamn mouths!!!!" Seth ran over to the cage and
began to shake it with all his might, throwing Kiyone to all the sides.
"Stop Laughing Bitch!!!"

"That's quite a story, and you only have a few days left?" Tenchi nodded as a reply as
he gnawed on the bones of his meal, then wiped his mouth on a napkin.
"Looks like you'll want to be away straight away in the morning. You look tired."
"Morning?" Tenchi said in amazement. "How can you tell when the sun never shines?"
"We can only tell by the time, you get used to it after a while." Skunky was sat at the
other end of the table with his drink, Tenchi sat back in his chair. 
"So, umm Skunky. Would you mind telling me about this place and what everyone is doing here?
I'd appreciate it, I'm really confused you see." Skunky smiled and put down his goblet.
"Ok, where to begin? Lets see..." He thought to himself for a brief moment then continued.
"Centuries ago, many civilisations began to appear. The Egyptians, Israelites and so on,
I'm sure you can name hundreds. Well it was about the time of the Romans when travelling to
other countries became more of a common undertaking. The Romans were master craftsmen, and
built huge buildings out of marble, stone and decorated them with all sorts of jewellery,
minerals and gemstones. The Romans were the best at what they did and made the world 
marvel at what they had built. The coliseum, the viaducts and whole bunch of useful crap."
Skunky took another drink, and continued to stare into his glass, only looking up to see
if Tenchi was still paying attention. Tenchi was listening with an eager ear.
"As you well know, the Romans had expanded far and took their skills with them, we can usually
see that from their roads that they left behind. So being a Roman was pretty good fun. 
However it wasn't when Caligula came to power. An evil and ruthless dictator, he struck fear
and loathing into everyone in his jurisdiction. So much so in fact, that some people left Rome
for fear of persecution. Sailing across the seas and setting up colonies wherever possible.
One group however stumbled upon a large area of grassland, perfect for a new beginning. 
They built a small camp which they called home. Generations passed and the camp grew to a 
town, a town grew to a village. The economy fed by trade, people flocked there and it 
eventually grew to a city. The inhabitants soon grew proud of their city, and treated 
strangers with contempt. Self sufficient, the city had no more need for trade, a huge quarry
containing stone was located not far, and plenty of space to grow food. The people regarded
others as mere scum, not fit to even raise their cattle. Once God-fearing people, their
standards dropped, they had no time for such a demanding God. So they created their own,
a one dedicated to pleasures, a one whose worship would allow heavy drinking, illicit sex,
gambling, child sacrifice. Blinded by their own ambitions the stone masons got to work to 
build the worlds biggest city at that time. Erecting huge stone walls and building a huge 
cathedral dedicated to a God of shallowness. Priests were elected to rule over them, and
to watch over the building work. These priests were skilled in the black arts, summoning
forth daemons to entertain the worshippers, soaked in wine and lust, cheering on the next
trick. The city was completed and the priests took to living in the cathedral. Stone houses
were built around this. However the evil priests were even more crooked than everyone thought.
They issued a decree that only the most pure-blooded are allowed to live in the city, the rest 
must stay outside. The city was divided and millions were forced out of their homes. These
were forced to make shelters around the inner wall, the huge outer one still giving protection.
Food here was scarce and so cannibalism was a regular occurrence. But in their ignorance they
still continued their pagan beliefs. Inside the cathedral was a constant drunken party of
sex and daemon possession. One priest, believing himself to be the favoured prophet of their
God did one of the most unspeakable things. He summoned forth their God to the Earth, to 
appear for the amusement of his guests. He appeared, the most monstrous creature to ever
walk the Earth the sight of whom can cause instant death. They were foolish to do so, as 
immediately he killed everyone in attendance. Mercilessly hacking everyone down, eating 
their corpses. When they saw this they tried to flee the cathedral, but the daemon sealed
off the exit, dragging people off to torture for his own satisfaction. Those that did escape
were eaten by the cannibal tribes waiting outside. The daemon made it his home, creating his
own servants to do his will, and setting them upon the rest of the people. Life outside
soon became a struggle for existence, and the population slowly decreased. Decades later
the daemon realised that there was no-one left, he needed blood to survive. Maintaining
a fleshly body was a major drain on his energy. He abandoned this and assimilated into 
the city, warping it in his own horrific way. The Gods, seeing the sorry state of affairs 
the city was in had it removed from time, only letting people go their only if they should
so wish. The daemon still sits in this city, awaiting. Tempting people to enter so he can
again feed, his minions patrolling the streets and his servants controlling things from
the tower." Skunky sat back slowly to give the story added power. Tenchi looked over.
"That's a pretty strange story....is it true?" Skunky took another mouthful.
"Could be.....I've only been here three years. Found all this from a book I found whilst
wondering the Cathedral." 
"So what are all these soldiers doing here?"
"These? Oh right. Like I said this daemon has his followers in the cathedral. There's this
one bloke who is a complete wanker who I believe you have already met. Anyway he decided
to steal an ancient relic belonging to the race of people that the soldiers belong to.
They are known as the Vallachian Cult, a race slighly more advanced than Earth, a
race millions of light years away. Well this race is very religious and believe all things
belonging to their God absolutely sacred. They also have millions of worlds were they 
recruit soldiers from so they will throw millions of lives away to achieve an aim. The
soldiers are so devoted they are prepared to do this. Well, Seth stole it, I don't know
why because he is an arms dealer, thats why he wants your sword. After tracing it, the
high Commander sent a small squad who were situated on the very right flank of an advancing
space fleet to take it. That's why I'm helping them, I'm their guide and will do all I can to 
help them get it back. Considering I used to work for them and I know this place like the 
back of my hand I was the obvious choice." Skunky saluted playfully and laughed.
"We haven't been able to reach the cathedral yet, but I think we are about to make a sweeping
advance, in the morning." Skunky rose from his seat, to stretch his legs, talking about 
fighting had gotten his adrenaline pumping. He stepped over to the window in the dining room,
peeling back the shabby curtain he peered out a small greasy window, watching the pouring 
rain, his face scrunched up in an expression disapproval.
"So you survived the streets then did you?" Skunky asked, still looking outside. Tenchi looked
up, slightly wearily after a hectic day, he didn't care much for the conversation at the 
moment, he was more concerned of having a good nights rest. Skunky didn't wait for an answer,
the question more or less answers itself.
"Whatever you saw out there must have been disturbing, lesser men would have been scarred for
life out there. You seem unaffected, you must have a strong will." His voice seemed more 
focused on the words, he spoke slower and more formally which seemed to elicit the feeling
in his voice. Tenchi didn't fail to notice this and so replied.
"Well.....It was things I hadn't seen before...some guys that looked half dead and some sort
of goat-headed monk. I don't often see them. I can't describe the feeling on the streets, it's
like there's someone always there, watching me, but at every turn there were just empty 
streets." He paused. "I was scared. I just wanted to go home and be with my friends and family.
I don't want to be here, taking refuge in an Inn, to go out the next morning to fight. I want
to be back there, living each day as it comes, looking back to remaniss and take comfort in 
those memories." Skunky took a seat, leaning forward and staring at the floor blankly, 
holding his hands together as if praying. Those words had cut him to the bone. But he ignored
this feeling to shed light on the things Tenchi had faced. 
"What you witnessed was an attack by one of the daemonic priests, it's funny to think that
they were once human. But overcome by the forces of the dark sent them insane, and their 
form changed in honour of their master. There's a legend that hundreds of feet beneath the
city is a chamber, a mile high and a mile long stacked with the heads of the priests, as
they now have no use. The other things were probably the most common things here." He 
scratched his head. "I don't really know what they are, I think the closest thing to call
them are Zombies. They are merely the mutated forms of the citie's residents, given life
again in a lifetime of labour to the dark lord, but don't let that stop you from blowing them
away, they'd slay you given half a chance." He continued to look at the floor thinking about
what Tenchi had said earlier. Tenchi did the same, thinking about what lurked outside.  
"Oh.....by the way Mr. Skunky sir. If you don't mind me asking....how did you come to be here.
I mean, I know you were the guide, but how did you find this place? And why did you stay?"
Skunky said nothing but remained in the same place, gazing blankly into the floor as if he was
pretending not to hear. Tenchi did not realise this and so asked again.
"Skunky?" Skunky looked up quickly. A whole new aura had surrounded him and he was a beaming
smile. He stood up.
"How rude of me. I do apologise, you must be exhausted. Come, I'll show you to your room,
its only up the stairs, and it will seem like heaven compared to the streets, that's for 
sure. I'll just get the key." Skunky left the room in a hurry, he seemed quick to change
the subject when it deviated onto him, although it was his just his private nature, Tenchi
could not help to notice that there was something a little odd about the whole person. Tenchi
shrugged this off and went back into the bar. Deserted now, it was lit dimly by the few 
embers of the fire, dying upon the hearth a mere shadow of its former glory. The occupants
had gone, closing time was but a few hours ago and the chairs were still strewn about the 
place like a serene battlefield whence both sides had left. A lone candle burnt out on the
tabletop, the wax had spilled over and fused the holder to the wooden surface. A few empty
glasses and goblets remained on the bar, only containing the dregs of the final rounds' 
drinks. It was very silent, save for the slight sound of rain hitting the ground outside,
maybe the voices of the sentries that would pass near the door on their rounds. A rumble of
thunder echoed lowly in the distance. It was quiet and peaceful now, but in a few hours when
those on the night shift are relieved it would be business as usual for the barman. Tenchi 
relaxed for a minute, looking at a few landscapes around him, he hadn't seen such as that for
days. Even then he took it for granted. Skunky came down half the stairs, standing about half
way down he called out to Tenchi, quietly so as not to wake those getting some sleep.
"Hey. Tenchi. Come on, I'll show you to your room." 
He signalled Tenchi to follow him upstairs, Tenchi picked up his rucksack and followed.
Up the old wooden stairs he went, and followed Skunky to a room at the end of a small 
corridor. It was an ordinary public house corridor and nothing stood out at all. Skunky
opened a creaky door, he frowned as he edged it open, making a hell of a noise as he did. He
sighed to himself then lit the candle inside, brightening up the room. 
"Come in Tenchi, its a little cold I know but its the best we could do."
Tenchi walked into a fair sized room, and to Tenchi's suprise it was very impressive. It had
been fitted like any guest room, standard bed, chair, window, cupboard. The decorations were
those of the landlords taste, a non-offensive friendly one, although that can be seen as quite
boring. Tenchi didn't mind, it was out of the rain and had a bed. The bed was next to the door,
and a large window was at the other end which looked onto the market square were there was 
a big stockpile of weapons and ammunition, all sheltered from the rain. There was a rug of 
a dragon and a desk in one corner. Tenchi put his bag down.
"So what do you think?"
"Its perfect!" Tenchi replied. Skunky walked toward the door.
"Ok, there's a toilet at the other end of the corridor, you'll probably need that. Look for 
Tyler if you need breakfast. He'll be at the barricade, and hopefully we may be a little 
closer to a breakthrough. If not we'll just send you on your way. Hell, you'd probably get 
there faster than us anyway." Skunky walked into the doorway then turned back to Tenchi.
"Just in case I never see you again...." Skunky held out his hand. Tenchi looked confused a
little, but shook it all the same. Skunky smiled. 
"Don't worry, its sort of like a custom round here, ya can never tell. This city's screwed up."
Skunk walked out. "You're lucky, you can get some sleep, I'm on duty now so I'd better go, just
have a pleasant night."
"Goodnight Mr. erm Skunky thanks for your help." Skunky closed the door gently and Tenchi could
hear his steel capped boots as he walked down the stairs before hearing the door close. Out
of curiosity Tenchi moved over to the window. Looking to the ground below he saw a cloaked 
figure waiting by a piece of artillery. Seconds later he was joined by Skunky. They exchanged
words and nods, before the cloaked man drew a rifle and Skunky a sword and they headed out 
into the night on patrol. Tenchi shook his head. "They're all crazy here." He thought to 
himself. Before lying on his bed, staring at the ceiling, looking into the grain of the wood.
The sound of the rain was louder now, on a tin roof it was deafening, however it was a 
comforting sound. Tenchi was awake for ages, he thought hard about many things. Mainly about
his next move but also about home, what was he going to do when he got back? Tenchi 
contemplated long into the night before inevitably the sandman won and Tenchi was reduced to
a peaceful slumber, the only true means of escape from this nightmare world.

Tenchi stepped outside the inn. He was now fully rested and he felt a new sense of rejuvenation
sweep over him. He stretched and in doing so, made a straining sound followed by one of 
relaxment. He had been awake for over an hour and must have slept through most of the morning
as they were serving dinner in the bar. It was a good night, only disturbed very slightly by
someone shuffling up the corridor, and a few moans from the street that however, was to be 
expected. From such a nice sleep it was demoralising to wake up to the same damned weather,
rain, rain, rain, rain, rain, rain, rain. It seemed there had been no change in the light, it
was an eternal darkness here and the day was unrecognisable from the night. Tenchi put one
foot into the mud, and then the other. It seemed a waste to have cleaned them now. Turning
left he walked into the square, looking for the barricades. Nothing was immediate, all there
was were a load of weapons, sheltered from the rain. Some men were attending to them, some 
were coming over and taking more ammunition. He walked into the square and onto the stone,
which was easier to walk on. He walked down the row of weapons, intrigued by the complexity
of some of them, even though they were still ballistic weapons and not hi-tech laser gadgetry.
Some were in boxes, others exposed to the elements, but Tenchi knew to keep off, even though
no sign told him. At the end of the line he looked around for the barricades, to his surprise
he found them, down the streets of slums he noticed lines of soldiers taking up strategic 
positions in the debris, taking shelter behind sheets of iron. Tenchi ran down one line,
seeing the unmistakable officers coat of Captain Tyler, talking furiously to a young Corporal.
Tenchi could see that he was a little angry so he stood silently for things to cool off.
"What do you mean by that????!!!!!!" Tyler shouted. The soldier faulted for a moment.
"S...ssir its not my fault its the bad weather.....it's interfering with the connection. I
can't do anything about it, If we want to contact the nearest squad it's....." He pulled
out a map and did some calculations in his head, he was about to double check, but the look
on Captain Tyler's face was not that of a patient man. "....Ceaucescu's 19th rifles, they 
were guarding the rear when we left." Tyler grabbed him by the coats collar and pulled him
to his face. "What the fuck do I need more riflemen for??? Give Seth more fucking target 
practice?????? Think you idiot!!!!!" He threw him to the floor, the soldier picked himself
up and looked down in shame. It seems that everyone has deep respect for the higher ranks.
"Now." Tyler continued, calmer but still retaining anger. He picked up the map. "Here look,
there's a barrage group stationed over there, I think they'll still be in range of our
communications now. See if you can get a message through, we need all the help we can get."
He pointed to a point on the map of the galaxy, the soldier complied looking over his 
bulky breathing apparatus, the only one Tenchi had seen on patrol who had no goggles. The 
soldier knelt down and began tuning in some sort of extremely long wave radio, turning several 
dials, and muttering to himself. Tyler continued to look around the soon-to-be battlefield from
a lofty position, made from debris. He surveyed every inch and calculating a plan. Tenchi 
watched as more and more soldiers took up positions in a stretch of barricades, some in the 
streets, some on roofs. Tyler looked a lot different. His dress was almost ceremonial, with 
bigger epaulets and even more ornamental crimson gloves, a figure of inspiration to the troops, 
he leered over the battlefield with his head held high and his arms crossed. His trenchcoat was
still closed, but he had what must have been one of the biggest pistols in its holster wrapped
around and hanging over his thigh. It was beautiful, an emblem of a dragon graced the side and
a brown wooden handle poked out the opening, its silver parts glistening in the artificial 
light. Tassels and rope hung from him, a very proud man he was, his medals on full show, 
revealing his tactical brilliance. Tenchi stood still to marvel at him, but Tyler soon noticed
him and signalled him to climb up, which he did.
"Morning Mr. Masaki, I trust you slept well." The words were friendly, but spoke in a way that
stripped this away from them. 
"Yes, thank you sir." Tenchi wanted to sound polite and show his respect. Tyler lit another
cigarette, shielding it from the wind with a gloved hand he lit it and drew in.
"Looks like you got here just in time, it seems to me that we're about to be attacked." Tenchi
was shocked. Attacked? Why? By who? Tenchi didn't want to fight a war, he just wanted to go
home. He gulped. "Attacked Sir?"
"Yeah, Seth's allies. The Vladislav contingent." Tyler seemed calm. Tenchi wasn't.
"W...who are they?"
"Ahhh, don't worry about it, he'll only send a few, it's not like them to come in crushing 
hordes. Just don't let them take you out from afar, stay behind cover and when they get 
close, use any short range weapon you can." Tenchi now looked even more worried.
"You want me to fight? But I was about to....." Tyler gave him a stern look.
"You won't get a foot nearer without us. Seth's got your number, and he's watching you. Its
better for both of us if you advance with us. Now quit whining and get back to the front."
His voice raised in volume and Tenchi could see his anger. As he watched soldiers everywhere,
some with masks on some without began to brace themselves. Tenchi took up a position in the
street behind the barricade where Tyler was perched, and he was quickly joined by thirty 
soldiers screwing bayonets onto their rifles. Tenchi managed to work his way back, climbing
onto one of the slums, giving him a better look past the group of soldiers. This happened
down every street. Some took vantage points behind cover, others just stood in the street 
in case anyone was to break through the barricade, they would not be able to break through
a volley of bullets. Each flank was carefully protected by heavy machine gun emplacements,
their crews lying down, goggles in place and ready to take the brunt of the incoming fire.
No-one seemed scared, at least as far as Tenchi could tell, but too may people had respirators
and other such primitive breathing equipment on to see how they felt. Tyler bolstered his 
troops, bringing in the company standard on a large pole, everyone hailed it in a patriotic
roar. The coat of arms, bearing an Eagle with its claws on a skull and lorrel seemed to 
personify the units' captain, the same proud stature dominated the flag as did Tyler dominate
the killing fields. Tenchi sat back, halfway up the wall of debris.  He watched, interested at
how such an army organises its attacks. The eager soldiers were below him, and Tyler stood
ahead, scanning the horizon with binoculars. He turned to his radio operator that he had
scolded earlier.
"Any luck?" The soldier shook his head, he was battling with the radio and trying to stay 
on the barricade, it had stood there for so long that the rain was causing it to fall apart.
The operator had his legs at full stretch, he hadn't noticed his back leg sneak more and more
down the side as the footing slowly fell away.
"Right you keep trying with that, get me the ship online." He complied, pulling a small 
handset from his bulky back pack he began to enter some co-ordinates before handing it to
Tyler.
"This is Captain Tyler ordering a preliminary barrage, type six explosives, grid co-ordinates
X5-12-8873. Clearance code 001." He waited for the reply.
"Barrage on its way." Tyler smiled and handed back the handset.
"Sound the Alarm!!!" He shouted back to base. Seconds later an air-raid siren blasted from
behind, causing all the soldiers to take cover or to crouch and avert their eyes. Tenchi 
squinted and blocked his vision with his hands, he wondered what was going to happen next.
He didn't have long to wait. He could hear a high pitched wail from above, and that was quickly
joined by many more, completing an orchestra of destruction. The wailing got louder and louder.
"HERE IT COMES!!!!!" Screamed Tyler, taking cover behind the barricade.
The ground was rocked by missile fire, shaking the city and exploding with frightening
ferocity. Tenchi slipped from his cover and fell to the floor, but remained in his defensive 
position, the barrage was keeping him down. More and more shells exploded, sending shock-waves
through the street and fireballs reaching over twenty feet in the air. The soldiers were 
scattered with debris, some even crying in agony and shrapnel rained upon them, tearing 
through their body armour like a hot knife through shit. The explosions stopped and everyone
regained their positions, Tenchi got back on the wall. Tyler looked over the barricade, 
surveying the devastation, the Earth pounded to a pulp. Skunky came running down the street, 
his jacket open and flailing in the wind. Tyler turned round as Skunky clambered through the
crowds, and climbed up the barricades sloped sides. He was out of breath.
"You sure took your time." Tyler commented, looking at his watch.
"I..(pant)...was...(Huff)..on....(Puff)...wait there." He took a moment to re-catch his 
breath then summarised. "Sorry sir, I was on graveyard duty, I'm shattered." Skunky brushed his
hair from his eyes and Tyler looked in. His eyes were black. 
"Jesus Christ, you look like shit!!! And smell like it to." Skunky smelled himself.
"Well you would too if you slept in a crypt. Its damp and musty in there, and all I've got
for company is a bunch of stiffs." Tyler laughed a little, imagining Skunky trying to hold
a conversation with a corpse. 
"Well anyway Skunky, can't stand around fratinizing all day, take up your position."
"Yes sir, oh by the way...." Tyler looked at him. "Shouldn't Tenchi be up here with us, after 
all he wouldn't know what to do, I fear he fights in a different way to us." 
Tyler pondered momentarily.
"s'pose your right, send him up. You." Pointing to the radio personnel. "Take shelter in the
base, if you reach a breakthrough come get me." The soldier saluted and walked back into the
square. Tenchi took his place, signalled over by Skunky. Tenchi dug his heels in the soft part,
and looked over the now wasteland. It was silent, and so was everyone else. The wind blew and
caused an eerie whistle as everyone lay silent, watching every movement in the distance. The
rain had now turned to a thin drizzle, only noticeable when Tenchi looked at the lights,
lighting up the battlefield. The men began to sweat, the suspense was killing, that waiting
to die, feeling. You could cut the tension with a knife, and some where beginning to flinch,
but remained calm in the sight of the fearsome Captain Tyler. He remained calm, only moving
to smoke, and to rub his chin. A low rumbling could be heard in the distance, like thunderous
hooves of a thousand cattle, they drew nearer. Tyler calmly put out his cigarette and drew a
fearsome looking flintlock from the beautifully crafted holster. The soldiers behind cover 
took aim. 
"INCOMING!!!!!!!!!!" Screamed Tyler and everyone ducked behind cover again as the enemy opened
fire. Almost immediately came their attack and the two sides were now in combat. Tyler's men
fired upon wave and wave of bio-enhanced humans, running from the cover of the streets into 
the craters of the preliminary barrage, mowed down by a hail of bullets. To the left and right
was the constant drilling of heavy machine guns, its crews feeding it a constant chain of 
bullets. Tenchi was pinned down behind, this way of fighting was not like the way he had been
taught. Both sides were lightning fast, bullets ricocheted around Tenchi's head, causing him
to lay low even more. Next to him Tyler was exchanging fire with those trying to climb the
barricade. He fired down, then ducked back to re-load. Some soldiers ran up the barricade to
aid Tyler's efforts, and to gain a better vantage point. Tenchi was still stunned. He clasped
his sword tightly as another body fell next to him. Another young soldier's body was dragged 
down and his place filled by an eager living one, hoping to earn his name. Tenchi gritted his 
teeth and pulled himself up, his eyes just say peered over the iron wall. He could see the 
enemy soldiers coming out in force, running to attack, many being stopped by fatal blows, 
others being incapacitated by stray shots. Those that were cunning stayed in cover, picking
off Tyler's men with great skill. The wounded crawled through no-mans land, hoping to 
make it back, they would never make it as a machine gun ripped the poor soul to shreds, his
mangled corpse dropped to the ground like a rag-doll. Tenchi looked at the flanks, men lay 
silent on the roofs, dead. Others crawled past, hoping to be mistaken for a body, so to 
get another shot in. Bullets flew everywhere, and the screams of the dying rang in like a
melody. A soldier ran up the barricade next to Tenchi, a small machine gun in hand, he poked
it over the side and began to fire. He did this three times, ducking and firing, on the fourth
time a bullet struck him, penetrating the helmet and resting in his frontal lobe. He fell back
and lay on the floor. It was a confusing experience as grenades exploded through the streets,
causing the slums to fall and killing those unfortunate to be there at the time. Tyler had
the look of gritty determination as he took shelter and shouted orders at his troops.
"There's too many of them at the base!!!!! Use Archibald!!!!" He shrieked.
The soldiers at the base wheeled a six foot Gatling gun into place at the base of the 
barricade. Those down there at the time took shelter behind the shield. Tyler gave a signal
to a soldier at one side of the barricade. He pulled a lever and the bottom opened up, 
revealing a horde of bloodthirsty enemy soldiers to Tyler's. At that instant the gun opened
fire, it happened so fast they could do nothing in reply. Were the gun hit would be vanquished
completely. Chunks flew off the unfortunate soldiers who were assaulting the barricade at the
time, parts of their bodies showered the gun as it mercilessly tore holes in the enemy lines.
In seconds it was completely stained red, as it blasted apart the enemy. Those who were
fortunate got hit in the head, in which case it exploded, leaving only that from the chest
downwards leaving the entrails standing on two legs, to tip over and spill out. Woe to the 
soldier that got hit in the foot. One such unfortunate fell to the floor in intense agony,
his legs blown apart and erased from the Earth in a hail of bone chips. He lay at the side
screaming, as the others came from the craters only to be met by a wall of bullets, 
unrelentlessly shattering through all flesh. Eventually the enemy realised its existence
and stayed in the trenches, whilst their snipers continued to systematically pick off Tyler's
men. Skunky was running through all the streets, across the barricades picking off those who
managed to break through. The bodies of Tyler's men littered the stretch, some hanging over
the barricade they died to protect. All bearing wounds of terrible carnage. Skunky mercilessly
slaughtered all those who broke through, cutting them down from on high in the streets with
a sub-machine gun. He stopped when Tyler shouted for him. He ran over, stopping to fire over 
the hill until he reached him. Immediately from the crater came a volley of grenades, 
pounding the Archibald weapon, silencing it. When they realised it was destroyed some of Tyler's
men around it broke to flee, fearing the certain backlash from the angered enemy it had 
contained. They probably would have made it if Tyler had not drew a large pistol and performed
summary executions, cutting them down in their back for desertion. Tyler continued to shout
orders as around him the soldiers dug in, often pinned by sniper fire. Tyler turned to Skunky,
"Go for it!!!!" Skunky agreed. He reached into his coat and drew a three foot cutlass, with
tassels on the end. With this he jumped down into the street amongst the men. Those in the 
front line lay down aiming their rifles, bayonets attached. The rest drew hand weapons.
Skunky stood on the ruins of the Archibald and held his blade high. A sea of humans came
running over the side of the crater and skunky shouted in defiance. Those on the front line
were killed by Tylers mens fire, but these were decimated when the enemy came into hand-to-hand
combat, lying down they could not react in time. It was a whirling Melee of knives and blood,
getting the bayonet stuck in where possible, one jumped out to make a direct attack on Skunky,
but was met with a huge slice across his chest and he fell to the side, his rippling muscles 
doing little to save him. The enemy were strong in close combat, their enhanced frame making
light work of the least of Tyler's men. Skunky helped bolster the men, urging them to continue
and slashing into the combat when he could. Skunky loved the art of fighting sword to sword,
and he was getting his chance as more and more had an attempt at him. These he simply hacked
through, severing heads from shoulders. Skunky and the others advanced, driving them back,
despite suffering horrendous casualties. Tyler looked skyward with the other soldiers
stationed on the barricade. Looking up he saw the shock troops, swooping down to attack Tyler
and those around him. Soon everyone on there was locked in combat, exchanging steel as they 
furiously parried and thrust out to no avail. One of these shock troops flew down to Tenchi,
the heat from his jump-pack almost burning Tenchi's face off. The trooper cut down with an
axe, but was stopped. Tenchi's instinct got the better of him and had immediately drawn sword.
Pushing him back he sliced a slither of his head off, much to the delight of Tyler who was 
fending off a troublesome opponent. "Glad to see you finally came round..." He said, ducking
an unsuccessful swing. "Don't get me wrong..." Tenchi replied. "I had to...." Tyler gave a 
sympathetic smile and they continued to fight. Skunky on the other hand flipped, he went 
berserk as he stood over the lip of the crater. Sword in one hand, machine gun in the other
he began a desperate charge into the enemy territory. He began shouting and waving the sword
around like a power-hungry dictator. Killing those in the distance, or those out of his reach
with his machine gun, he and roughly ten men descended the seven foot ditch onto the 
unsuspecting enemy. Blasting a huge hole in the head of the one below him, he caused a flurry
of panic to spread all through the enemy lines. They scurried in confusion as his gun mowed 
down those in the trenches, in a blind panic people died. Those that survived were quickly 
disposed of by means of the sword and the squad prepared to lock horns with the rest in the
crater. leaping over bodies from both sides the squads engaged, the sound of steel on steel
echoed. Skunky thrust in his sword against someone's chest, pushing his body past him he drew
it out of him and hacked another across the back of the neck. In return his opponents hacked
down several men, using axes to separate their limbs from their body, and burying it deep down
the centre of their faces. They were a savage race, bred only to destroy and maim. They put 
their success down to the amount of strength each of there soldiers have. They are trained 
to perfection by their army, each one receiving special attention and training. However in 
doing this they lack strength in numbers, and if a slight mistake is made, half the army 
could be wiped out in one fell swoop. This was what Tyler had exploited, knowing that in 
his army, for every soldier lost, ten thousand wait to take his place. At the barricades they
continued to rain from the sky. Burly men in armour, falling from the sky with crude jets on
their back. As Tenchi disposed of one, cutting him through the abdomen another would take
a stand on the walkway were he was. He flew down like a bird of prey, Tenchi ducked his swoop
and smashed him in the back with his sword. That blow tore through the trooper's packs' fuel,
sending pints of searing hot gas tearing through his protective clothing, causing him to keel
over in extreme agony, clawing at his blistering skin, franticly trying to peel away his 
burning flesh as he was cooked alive. The screams indicating a slow torturous death as blood
seeped from the sores as his skin charred black. It was a good fact that they wore flying
masks, as it made it all the harder to kill when you can see their face. Another came down, 
hoping for a chance at some action. Tenchi hacked away, but not penetrating his bulky shoulder
armour. What ensued was a bloody and close fought battle as it was assaulted by more and more.
Tenchi held him off, parrying his blows and dodging his wild slashes. Tyler was next to him, 
with his own assailant, sword in one hand, his flintlock in the other, picking off those trying 
to sneak from behind or those trying to gain advantage from the flanks. Others also fought, 
each showing great bravery in such a desperate situation. Tenchi continued to grind down his 
opponent, using all his cunning he moved around, using the best the cover could offer, ducking
diving and leaping from the blade of his enemy. If the factor of Tenchi's skill was the only
thing deciding the outcome of the fight he would of already won, but that was not the case.
He lost his footing and landed on his back, a sharp piece of metal stuck itself into his 
thigh. His enemy noticed his advantage and poised to strike, no-one could help Tenchi. In a
fit of desperation and pain Tenchi lashed out with a piece of Iron, ramming it into his leg.
The soldier fell forward, but still on the attack as his face went next to Tenchi's. It 
continued however to fall even more foreword into the ground next to Tenchi, his head being 
pushed down. Tenchi looked at his face over his shoulder, only to see his eyeballs disappear
into the sockets as his body jerked in a last fit of life, spraying Tenchi with a fine jet 
of watered down blood. Tenchi looked up to see a tall skinny figure, with a face of a skull
standing over him, making inhuman noises from his mouth as he held the throbbing brain of 
his enemy. Dressed tightly in leather and covered in syringes that pumped toxins and fluids
into his blood, in one hand he held the brain, the other bore a huge metallic claw, covered
in blood. He screamed again and lashed at the soldier attacking Tyler, smashing his face open
with a single sledgehammer like blow, causing shards of skull spraying over his comrades. He
killed so calmly. People stood back in amazement as he took out another, punching a hole 
through his chest, leaving him gasping for breath as his body fell aside. With this the rest
of the troopers took off in fear. The warrior managed to grab one, by the foot he yanked it off
as he attacked the trooper's pack. With the leg in his hand the warrior watched as he flew for
a moment before loosing power and hitting the ground. Tenchi watched in horror as he screamed
and tried to take off his pack as the warrior came very rapidly closer. It was too late, his
head was crushed by his huge claw from both sides. The nimble beast looked at the last of 
his prey with delight and let out a victory roar. Tenchi turned to Tyler, who had already 
re-grouped his men, complete with regimental standard, and signalled an advancement, the way
already been partially cleared by Skunky. The tattered men climbed the walls of the other
side of the crater. They were injured, all suffering in some way and virtually nothing remained
of their equipment and armour. As they moved forward they picked off the few retreating enemy
soldiers with single shots. The ground began to give way under the many feet and rain. They 
closed in on the other side, pushing aside the bodies with no thought to them. Skunky was 
amidst them, with a bandage across his face and his clothes shredded. They walked the few 
meters to the area were the enemy snipers had been, amongst the slums. They cleansed the area,
using the righteous purificatary properties of fire they scorched every home. Those containing
soldiers or the dying were burned down with them inside, the fire serving as a beacon of 
relief to the allied soldiers, and a warning to the enemy. The confusion had died down, Skunky
ordered the flame units to continue as he remained looking over the battlefield. Narrowing his
eyes he smiled to see in the distance the regimental standard flapping in the wind, bore by
Tyler's squad. Resting his blade over his soldier he looked on to see Tyler walking with the
rest of his men, looking at the carnage that lay before him, the look of complete satisfaction
on his face. The battle was over, Tyler's men had secured the high ground, and the enemy force
was reduced to tatters.

Tenchi decided to put his feet up. The change of location was almost finished and the forces
were currently dug-in to their new position. He sat in the corner of the huge canvas, some
of the most important personell, huddled around a map talking furiously amongst each other.
Tenchi seemed to block them out as he escaped into a daydream of a carefree existence like
he had before. It was a happier place. Tenchi looked out one eye and saw the officers begin
to argue. Tyler was there, and exacted the most authority, also was Skunky who seemed to
not take part in the main debate. The other three were people he had never seen before, two
of whom seemed like bog-standard command, their flat caps placed under their arms as they 
spoke and waved one hand about, gesturing emphatically. The other was a tall blonde man. His 
hair was short and scruffy, sticking up in any possible place. His face was scarred everywhere,
and it seemed he had been the veteran of more than one campaign, he wore a long camo-jacket
which was open, and inside was covered in armour. As he spoke Tenchi felt a twitch inside.
"I know that voice......" He said to himself. Skunky realised he was sat in the corner and so
went over to meet him. 
"Nice fight huh?" Skunky said cheerfully. Tenchi sat up.
"Nice? I wouldn't call it that...." 
"S'pose not. Although anyone's a good one so long as we win." Tenchi smiled. 
"I guess you're right, it's just I'm not a violent person, I feel that I don't belong here. 
And I'm running out of time."
"No-one here is violent, we just have a job to do. We're violent because we too are running
out of time. If we spend much longer in this damned city, who knows how many will loose their
lives." Tenchi looked none less worried and distressed.
"But look out their, all the bodies, it just makes you wonder, is it worth it?"
"The Vallachian Cult, worship their king as their God, believing he is the one who selects 
the monarchy. Therefore any of the kings possessions are the possessions of God. That's why
each one is prepared to lay his life for the good of the Cult. I'm sorry, but that's the way
it is." Skunky folded his arms, Tenchi did the same and they remained silent for a few minutes
before Skunky remembered something.
"Oh Yeah!!!! I just remembered something Tenchi!!" He jumped up in delight on remembering. "I
found something you may be interested in seeing." Tenchi looked uneased, he was about to 
protest when Skunky grabbed him by the wrist and dragged him back into the battlefield and 
into a crater of the preliminary barrage. They slid down the sides, the rain had worn it down 
even more and so getting back up would present a problem in the future, but Skunky continued 
to drag him. As they worked their way through piles of bodies, weapons and pools of blood 
Tenchi could smell something rather odd. Something quite foul. Shit. As he clambered onto 
the top of a pile of dead Cult members he smiled gleefully and pointed to a spot further
down, a place that had been uncovered from the warfare. Tenchi looked down and almost threw
up. The point to which Skunky was pointing was a huge underground stone pipe, with about two
foot of sewage inside. The top had been cracked and it was possible for people to get inside.
Tenchi coughed as he held his shirt to his nose. "This is what you wanted to show me?"
"Yeah, isn't it great!!! It's got all your problems solved!!!" Tenchi looked even more 
confused. "Great isn't the word I'd use for it, and besides I used the toilets at the Inn."
"Nooooo you idiot. This is one of the original Golgotha inner-city waste pipes." Tenchi 
looked none the wiser. "So?"
"Don't you see?" Said Skunky in stunned disbelief. "It leads straight to the cathedral!!!
You'll be able to sneak straight to the door and then he's lost!!! You trade and you leave,
simple as that!" It all dawned on Tenchi, he could be on his way home tonight!!!!! That 
thought was a comforting one, but one problem remained, it was still a sewage pipe.
"So aren't all you lot going through?" Skunky shook his head solemnly.
"Too risky, having the whole platoon in such a confined space if something goes wrong then
we loose instantly and will have to ask for further reinforcements. Tyler won't like that."
Tenchi looked at the pipe for ages, weighing up the good and bad aspects and calculating his
decision with great expertise. Finally he stood gracefully.
"Allright!" He shouted. "I'm going to do it!" He was about to march off when Skunky pulled 
him back. "Sorry, not yet. We can't let you proceed until minimum safety checks have been
compiled. Y'know air toxin scan and so forth." Tenchi looked distressed. 
"How long will that take?" He asked. 
"Oh, about an hour. In the mean time, lets get out of here and I'll show you were you can get 
a bite to eat." He said, smelling his clothes. Rotten meat just wasn't his scent. Just then
a voice from afar pierced the still of the night. 
"SKUNKY!!!!!!" It was a messenger from the camp. Tenchi and Skunky hopped up a few mounds
to see a young private stick his head over the edge into the pit. He seemed slightly 
nervous and was panting from exhaustion. 
"Skunky! Come quick, they found another shrine!!!!" And at that the messenger ran off back.
Skunky looked at Tenchi who was by far looking bemused. Skunky grinned and dipped his head
looking menacingly from the top of his eyes. 
"Now it begins to get interesting." A sweatdrop appeared on Tenchi.
"Like it isn't already? A Shrine?" He asked as the quickly ascended the walls of the pit.
"Its an Altar to the Daemons, constructed usually from bone, its the place where sacrifices are
made, in an attempt to invite the dark lords back to earth by providing a physical body. I'll
only say this, don't look the skull in the eyes under any circumstances." Tenchi meditated it 
as they both clambered over the peak. It seemed sensible.

At the other side of the camp the soldiers were cautiously approaching a clump of stuff in 
the centre of a street in one of the rows of slums. They crept up, Captain Tyler keeping 
order by well placed chants of 'Steady' or 'Slowly'. Skunky and Tenchi joined the throng and
made their way to the front as the soldiers circled it, keeping their eyes away from the skull.
Out the corner of his eyes Tenchi could see what it was. About two foot high was an Altar, 
carefully made by joining human bone together. Using the spine fixed with bolts to hold the 
skull higher and some arcane methods allowed it to rotate about a 360 degree fulcrum, like 
some sort of evil sentry. At its base lay several mutilated and defiled corpses, the skin 
flayed and stripped like a hogs, a cruel way to die. As they closed in, to destroy it 
Tyler repeatedly reminded them not to look it in the eyes, an order that all but one followed.
The soldier started to gasp violently and took off his respirator, seeing that he had looked
everyone backed off post haste. Tyler was distressed. 
"Shit, I told him not to Look!!! Fall back." The skull stopped and continued to look the man
in the eyes, the sockets reddening inside like the fires of Gehenna. The grin remained on the
skull. The soldier began to scream, feeling the invisible hands grab him from behind. All his
muscles shook and began to seize up as he levitated, a few inches above the ground. He 
continued screaming and begging for mercy, but there was not a thing they could do. The 
invisible assailants laughed mercilessly as they began to twist his limbs beyond what they
could normally take, and the soldiers cries were only drowned out by the cracking of his 
bones as they broke in every place. It was such an awful sight that most of the others 
had to look away, Tenchi was on the verge of throwing up, and watched Skunky take out an
old service revolver and take out the few bullets that remained. The daemons began to claw
away at their prey as they dragged long claws down his body, and began twisting his neck 
round, his eyes glazed over by the daemons. The side of his body began to split open, and
the skin began to peel off, the tearing sound similar to that of paper. One who has ever
slit the throat of an animal in an abatoire will know how the blood gushes forth, his oozed
from his wounds in thick swarms of heated gloop. As he spoke, the area around his mouth began
to tear open and his teeth became permanantly visable. His words were not that of a sane man,
just the low sound of the daemons playing with their host as he laughed and tore at his skin,
his fingernails taking up huge chunks of his hands as it ripped off like the skin of an 
orange. He turned once more to the group. As he turned the last thing he ever saw was the
barrel of a gun. A moment later and his brains were scattered amongst the men, a huge hole
in his skull exposed the inside of his head to the air, and his twisted mangled body fell to
the floor in a crumpled heap. Skunky polished the revolver and laughed to himself.
"That's why I insist on you having it filled with dumdum bullets BEFORE such an incident."
Tyler didn't even look at him, just shouted fiercely.
"Chaplain!!!!!! We require your services!!"   

Tenchi was enjoying one last drink before he departed, although he was far from it, he felt
nearly home and whereas he would have jumped at the opportunity to leave a day ago, he was 
a little less eager. The hospitality Tyler had shown was befitting to that of a member of the
family, not a complete stranger and so felt it was his duty to at least thank him properly 
with a little drink, after all Tyler had lost just under half his force today. They stood at 
the bar together, discussing the recent events. The pub had been moved into the second camp for
the convenience of those on the front line, and because there are so few men to start with,
they were all on the front. They both chatted friendly, and Tyler learned of his home life and
his slight disgust at the lack of remorse showed by the soldiers. This caused Tyler to laugh,
which made Tenchi relax as if he had said something like that earlier he was sure he'd be shot.
"That's just the way we are, if we were anything else this whole place would eat us alive. 
Being a soldier in the Vallachian Cult is a strange thing."
"In what way?" Tenchi asked, continuing the conversation.
"It's such a secretive monarchy, we are ruled by someone who we have never seen, he's protected
day and night, on our homeworld that is more like a giant fortress than anything else. We take
our orders from the Cult priests, who recruit people from all the planets we own. There are
thousands of them, and we cross space in huge convoys in ships that resemble churches more 
than craft." Tenchi put down his goblet.
"That is strange, so why did you join the army?"
"Ha!! In many of these worlds you are bred for it, it's either go off to fight or stay in the 
cities at home, and I tell you...you're more likely to get killed in the cities than in the 
army." Tyler looks around. "Unless you end up in a shit-hole like Golgotha." He took another
huge gulp. "They have some nerve, the priests. Before I left they had 'negligible' written
on the expected success in the dossier."
"I'm surprised anyone can survive in this!!! You should be proud." Tenchi exclaimed.
"You're right anyone can't survive this, but I pride my men for we are the number one skirmish
group in the galaxy. No-one can stand up against our guerrilla tactics as we gnaw away with 
annoying persistence. We will be forever!" It was a kind of uplifting mini-speech but just 
helped the lager down a bit. They got up to go out as Skunky walked in, and nodded his head
as he passed Tyler and Tenchi. 
"Jesus Skunky, you look clean!!! You took a bath?"
Skunky was already at the bar behind them and looked over his shoulder.
"Yeah, the Ossuary was taking in rainwater again."
Tyler had the look of absolute disgust as he and Tenchi headed out the door.
"Ewwwwww"
They both stood quietly in the rain as Tyler lit another cigarette, and waved out his match 
before turning to Tenchi.
"So who is it you're looking for again?" Tenchi folded his arms to keep out the cold before
answering. "A friend of mine, Kiyone." Tyler laughed to himself.
"Yeah, you said about all your troubles, do you think you'll be in trouble when you get back.
They may even begin to think you ran off with her." Tenchi could only laugh at the reactions
he would get at such an unlikely combination.
"I don't think there's much chance in that happening, I think Ryoko would hunt her down or 
Ayeka would get Jurai to wage war on the Galaxy Police." Tenchi continued to chuckle as he
imagined it.
"No matter how weird you think working for me is, it ain't half as weird as your world Tenchi.
I bet there's never a dull moment."
"True." Tenchi stated. "But from time to time I would like to relax and put my feet up, 
without Ryoko and Ayeka arguing or Grandpa getting me to do more work." Tyler once again 
looked around him, and his face changed to one of sorrow.
"Still, I'd swap any day. I wish I had a life like that, but people like me never got the 
chance." These words seemed to cast a gloomy shadow over what started out as a pleasent 
conversation. Tyler was about to say something when the blonde officer came striding over to
Tyler, he was dressed in tight leather. He saluted, but Tyler waved him to dispense with such
formalities. 
"Sir. I have messages." Tyler extinguished his ciggy.
"Tenchi, I do believe you have met Marcus on many occasions, signalling to the officer."
"Have I?"
"Yes, he is the one whose voice you heard in your head when you faced that daemon priest.
He was also the one who dragged you over the wall, and he was also the one who helped fight
in the battle, he is Marcus, our assassin. He had also been spying on you for some time,
I believe you saw him watching you from an old block of flats." Tenchi's eyes widened.
"I wondered where I had heard your voice before, thanks a lot you have saved me many times
the past few days." Tenchi shook his hand. "Pleased to meet you."
"You too. Now Sir, about these messages."
"Go ahead Marcus."
"A scout patrol has spotted a Large contingent heading our way, it is said not only does 
it include foot troops but daemons and also Spirits. It is estimated it will be a few 
minutes away now. Secondly the mobile artillery is about to touch down outside, also in
a few minutes. Shall I assemble the troops?" Tyler's faced went stone with that of determination
and signalled him to do so. The assassin went off and rang the bell, shouting orders.
"Fall in!!!!!!" Shouted Tyler.
Tenchi sighed. It had been such a great moment and he was about to leave when this had happened
but curiosity had got the better of him and he went to check on the commotion.

"Stay in your fucking places!!!" Shrilled Tyler, creating a line of soldiers, an almost 
Carbon copy of that which defeated the last wave. They were once again digging in, 
making the best use of cover. Except this time there was no huge mass in the centre 
everyone was spread out, hiding behind cover as if expecting it to be a long, hard fight.
Tyler and his officers were in a commanding position with the company standard. Tenchi was
along side them, peering over cover. Tyler was arranging some units to act as grenadiers
to pin down the enemy and some wide squads to outflank them. There was a deathly hush,
and it was once again silent except for the wind and the rain. Skunky stood next to 
Tyler, who was looking very irritated. He lit another cigarette, shielding the lighter from the
wind. Drawing in he sighed and looked up.
"Shit. It never stops fucking raining!!!!!"
Skunky smiled and drew a sharpened fencing sword, which he held with seemingly dextrous 
ability. The footsteps and cloven hooves could be heard in the distance. The shouting,
the laughing and the daemonic roars struck fear in the hearts of the soldiers. Tenchi stood
back, Tyler noticed and turned round.
"We're outnumbered, it's OK, it's not your fight. You can leave now, here take this map of 
the sewer system. It's mainly a straight run but you can always check by lookin through
the manholes, just don't stay in there too long. There's no telling whats down there."
Tenchi wanted to go but didn't want to leave them in such a desperate situation.
"But....I just can't.......you may need help." 
"It's alright just go, NOW!!!" Tenchi began to pull away from the throng before Tyler shouted
over to him again. 
"Oh Tenchi!!! If we don't make it, return the relic to our people!!." Tenchi nodded and began
to run from the masses. Watching terrified soldiers clench their weaponry and offering up 
silent prayers, but it would need a lot more to save them. As Tenchi descended the pit he 
winced as he heard the gunfire open up, shouts of command from Tyler and the screams of the 
dead and of the dying. He jumped down, into knee height fluid, the content of which Tenchi
did not want to think about. He fumbled in his backpack to bring out a flashlight, which
he used to survey his position. The sewer was at least spacious, but the tunnel ahead
contained mainly spiders webs and rats. There were many branches of tunnels, but Tenchi opted
to stay on this one. He trudged on, reading the map he had been given. It was an ancient map,
must have been written when the sewer had been built all those years ago and his route had 
been drawn on in red pen. Tyler was right, it was mainly straight and he only had to turn when
the tunnel he was in now turned. He continued, sweeping the light from left to right revealing
unspeakable horrors. Corpses, rats and unkown creatures that scurried away when the light was
upon them were his only companions. He brushed through the webs, a few sticking to his armour.
He really needed a change in clothes, he thought he was overdressed when he met the other 
soldiers and stuck out like a sore thumb. Tenchi dreaded taking his shoes off, after almost
a week, they must reek and he felt a twinge of pity for Ayeka who was almost certainly going
to be the one who washes them. As Tenchi reached the point directly below the battle he 
quickened his pace. Gunfire and shouting as well as the rumbling of grenade explosions that
shook the sewer and caused the rotting debris to fall from the roof. Tenchi could only 
imagine what it was like for them up there. A huge roar from some sort of unearthly beast 
shook Tenchi, all he could do was to pray for those facing it and hurry on his way. The stench
was unbearable, the least they could have done was provide him with some breathing apparatus.
It wasn't so much the smell of the substances, but rather it had been festering for some time
and had gone stale. It was a smell so meaty you could almost chew it, never mind taste it.
It was well ripe, and Tenchi squinted as his nose took refuge in his shirt. Tenchi looked
like some sort of Japanese-Mexican bandit. He was so focused on the smell that he didn't
notice the beasts following him, closing in on an easy target. He began to slow down again,
noticing that he was well beyond earshot of the battle which saddened Tenchi as it made it
look like the battle was over. However he knew Tyler would put up a better fight than that.
Tenchi drew his sword, sensing something from behind but did not turn to face. There would
be no surprise attack this time, Tenchi thought as he quickened his pace. After feeling he had
put sufficient distance between them he span round to face it. To his horror he gazed upon 
an eight foot monstrosity of fangs, teeth, claws, muscle and spikes. A huge red beast with 
horns atop his head, piercing white eyes fixed upon Tenchi. A huge mouth bearing rows of teeth
as saliva poured round them. It filled the sewer with its hunched form, the legs similar to
that of an unfeasible large goats sank into the ground. The arms of tree trunks grabbed the 
sides of the wall as if to propel itself. It began to snarl at Tenchi, who at this point 
could see that the creature did not want to be friends. He backed away slightly at first,
trying not to cause too much of a disturbance but soon fear got the better of him as he 
darted off down the tunnel, closely followed by his new companion. Running in water was very 
difficult Tenchi realised as he calculated the ground gained by his persuer. Ducking under 
pipes, brushing away cobwebs and pushing aside floating corpses in a bid for freedom. He 
looked over his shoulder only to see the evil grin on its face, and it continued to roar and
growl. He would fight, if he had the skill. But it would take the strongest man alive to give
a battle to be even worthy of being called a fight, at present it stood bordering the massacre
level and his chances would be thin. But as you would expect when running in water Tenchi lost
his ground and fell. He spun round quickly in the water, embracing his sword as death loomed
ever so near. Stinking water poured from his hair, blocking his sight and causing him to panic.
He managed to regain his sight in order to block a lumbering shot. Even though he blocked, 
Tenchi was sent flying into the side of the wall by the force. Old wounds opened again and 
his shoulder ached and bled. It was so confusing to fight in a confined space. Tenchi stumbled
to his feet and limped over to the other wall, ducking another strike. But nothing could save 
him from an attack by the daemons horns. Rushing forward like a bull he attacked Tenchi with 
brutal force, flinging him over his head. Tenchi banged his head as he fell, and could feel
blood trickle down. He held his head with one hand, stanching the flow of blood he quickly 
tried to think were he could put in an attack. He mustered every bit of strength his body 
could spare, closing his eyes he concentrated on his task. He searched himself for the resolve
and finally came as Katsuhito spoke to him in spirit, and prepared himself for his counter
offensive. The daemon again charged, seeing his opportunity Tenchi dived below, travelling 
through its legs as it passed. Then using all his agility leapt above and drove his sword 
into the back of its neck. It roared in defiance as Tenchi hung there, dodging the monsters
feeble attacks as it tried to claw Tenchi away, to no avail. Most likely the daemon would 
have survived. It takes more than one fatal blow to stop a daemon, how is it possible to kill
something that exists as a spirit also? Tenchi did not wait to find out, no sooner did his
feet touch the murky waters, now red with blood, than he belted off on his way not looking
back for a second. No doubt he would be on Tenchi's trail in no time. But it would not matter
Tenchi mused, for he had almost reached his target. After about fifteen more minutes of tedious
running Tenchi climbed the steel ladder of one of the manholes. He knew this was the one as the
sewers stop at the cathedral and since there was nothing else but a wall Tenchi ascended. Parts
hard worn away and slipped off in his hands. At the top of the ladder he pushed hard against
the manhole cover, he tried harder and harder. Straining under the pressure of having to hold
on to the ladder at the same time. Finally it gave way and flung open. Tenchi pulled himself
up and gave a sigh of relief. He was there. He was standing in a street, the thousands of 
steps to the cathedral awaited him. He gave a shout of victory and punched thin air in 
celebration. Even the rain failed to downhearten the brave adventurer. He looked at the 
cathedral. Ten times more amazing than it did before, the cathedral loomed tall, the huge 
spires reaching onwards. The enormous stained glass window, hundreds of feet in the sky
mammothed even the very impressive adamantine doors which Tenchi could barely make out.
This was the last leg of the hard part of his journey, looking at the steps clenched his 
fists.
"Legs don't fail me now." 

The climb was obviously hard, the days of continuous walking had left Tenchi with aches
and sores. He had also attained a rather impressive collection of blisters, which 
hindered his approach as he at times crawled up the harsh stone steps. Injury had taken its
toll, but Tenchi was made of tougher stuff and he refused to give into physical weakness.
The blood from his forehead had ceased, but had left a painful gash. The rain poured 
continuously and Tenchi focused on this to take his mind off the pain of climbing, watching
it bombard the steps. It was worth it in the end when he reached the top, he limped to the door
and looked at the route he had taken. Just barely he could make out explosions illuminating 
the fighting from which he had recently left. He smiled weakly.
"Hold in there Tyler." 
The view from the steps was impressive to say the least, from here he
could see everything going on, somethings he saw move he wished he didn't. Tenchi almost fell
over to the door, the huge knocker an almost exact copy of the one on the entrance. Heaving 
the rusty thing up he gave it a huge knock, and he slid down the door and awaited what was to
come. The huge door creaked open, and a gust of warmth poured from the cathedral. Two cloaked
men stepped out, their faces hidden from sight. 
"Tenchi Masaki?" One asked in a low tone.
"Yes, I'm Tenchi." Tenchi replied, exhaustedly.
"Then follow, Seth's waiting for you." They ushered him inside, and cautiously followed them 
down a corridor. The inside was exactly that of a cathedral with torches and candles lit, 
robed men wandered seeming aimlessly. Tenchi did not wonder nor did he care, but his footfalls
echoed down the stone halls as he followed the men into a main room, a banquet hall were he 
saw the source of all the death, sorrow, misery, pain and torment, the vision of the hell he
had been through. It sickened Tenchi to see him sitting with the proudness of a king. He 
stood up from his huge seat behind a banqueting table and stretched out his hands.
"Welcome, Tenchi." Although he had the mentality of a king he did not resemble it, he was as
filthy as ever but still looked like royalty, next to a blazing fire in comparison with Tenchi,
soaked to the bone and never changed in days.
"Where's Kiyone?" He asked sternly, fed up with everything and Seth's smugness just fuelled his
rage. Seth smiled.
"Getting a little nasty are we? Yes Kiyone is here, and you will get her. Did you bring that
sword?" Tenchi looked slyly to his back-pack.
"Yeah, it's here, just hand over Kiyone. Where is she?"
"My, My Tenchi. Dear boy we are distrustful aren't we? But what the hell do I care?" He clicked
his fingers and two hooded characters brought out Kiyone with a gag across her mouth and a black
eye. Tenchi didn't like that. Pointing to the black eye and gag.
"What's that?" He asked harshly.
"That's what people get for thinking their so fucking clever, take off her gag. Thank God I 
won't have to her incessant complaining ever again." They complied and held a struggling 
Kiyone tight. 
"Put me down!!! let me go!!!!! Tenchi!!! You're not going to bargain with this bastard are 
you?"
"I have no choice Kiyone." Tenchi replied as he took out the hilt of the Tenchi-Ken, its 
brilliance drowned out by the dirty rag that held it. He passed it to Seth, who eagerly 
opened the package eagerly. 
"My God!!! It's beautiful!!!!" He began to examine it more carefully and to check its 
authenticity. Tenchi prepared to draw his sword.
"So now will you let the girl go?" Seth slowly but the Tenchi-Ken down and looked at Tenchi
menacingly he began to laugh hysterically. Then without warning, he stopped.
"Yes, release her you can go." The men obliged and Kiyone flung herself at Tenchi for 
comfort. Tenchi looked bemused.
"What? You're just going to let us go? No fight?" Seth looked up.
"Yeah, why would I want to fight? I got what I want and so did you so go on. Fuck off out of
my city." He gestured them to leave as he took the sword and stood proudly in the middle of the
room. His chest poked in front of him as he took a moment to savour his victory. The huge 
room was silent. Suddenly the cathedral shook, a huge explosion caused everyone to fall to 
the floor.
"What the fuck???!!!?" Seth screamed as the Tenchi-Ken slipped from his grasp along the floor.
More and more explosions tore at the cathedral, causing everyone to cower as rafters and debris
poured onto the floor. Covering everyone in a fine film of dust as the old building began to 
crumble. 
"Tyler!!!!" Seth shouted in realisation. "That filthy bastard!!!!! Tyler you dick!!!!!!!!"
He tried to climb to his feet but the ground was shaking far too much and he simply slipped
over again, shouting in frustration. Tenchi too had fallen, he and Kiyone on the floor trying
to avoid the falling rock. Seth shouted at his subordinates.
"Send all the forces out the main gate!!! Stop them now!!!!!" His servants nodded.
Outside were the proud force of battered soldiers held in a line, about 100 meters from the
cathedral, the slums behind just smashed out of the way. Now they seemed in command. Although
many were wounded and bore bandages and bruises they fought on with frightening defiance.
Now nothing could stand in their way and victory was on the cards as the huge artillery
cannons of the Kings 45th reserves tore holes in the cathedral. Mounted on standard
tank treads they were a fearsome sight, the noise was enough to send hardened fighters into
fits of madness. The noise was horrendous, huge blasts caused the men on the Cult side to 
fall to the ground each time a shot was fired. The look of victory was on the faces of all,
as the three cannons smashed the cathedral. Tyler, situated in the rear loading gantry of 
one had a particularly pleased look on his face as he stood with his arms folded, enjoying
the noise of a victory. He knew they wouldn't sit for long, as he saw hundreds of Vladislav
contingent troops pour from the cathedral like a huge sea. These were also accompanied by 
many strange beasts bearing all kinds of weaponry from clubs to axes, it was a mass throng
of soldiers and daemons. Tyler signalled to his compatriot and a rather beat-up looking 
Skunky jumped down off the tracks and drew his fencing sword, and raising a sub-machine gun
in the other. Signalling the troops to prepare themselves, Tyler shouted.
"Get ready!!!!!!!" They were outnumbered 30 to 1, they would need some big weapons to stop
the advance. Skunky tightened his grip on his sword and grit his teeth. 
 
"Come on Kiyone, we have to leave!!!" Screamed Tenchi, crawling to the door. But Kiyone had
something else in mind as she ran across the room, dodging the larger pieces of the ceiling
as it started to crack. She darted gracefully for the Tenchi-Ken. Seth noticed and scrambled
to reach it, but a cloud of dust from the chimney flew out, causing him to fall back holding
his face and rubbing his eyes. 
"Arrrrgh!!! You bitch!!! Bring it back, I earned it!!!" But Kiyone was not about to comply,
before she ran back to the exit she threw an almighty punch in Seth's face, breaking his nose.
He flew back even more and lay on the stone floor, stopping the loss of blood.
"That's for rattling my cage!!!" And at that she ran back with cat-like agility as the roof 
continued to collapse. 
"Come back here!!!!! Bring back my sword!!!!" She was not likely to come to an agreement. 
Seth quickly regained his composure and threw himself at the wall, picking up one of the 
swords on the wall and looking for his prey. Before he even had chance to chase, and before 
Tenchi and Kiyone could escape the huge stained glass image above the hall shattered and a 
thin black mass rushed in, perching on one of the rafters remaining intact. Tenchi covered
Kiyone as the rain of glass shards lay over the whole area. Everyone looked up and saw the
same horrific figure with black clothes, a huge claw, a skull head and wheezing heavily.
It crouched like a raven for a few moments, surveying the area before letting out an ear
piercing hiss. It shot to the ground like a bullet and as if defying gravity the assassin
grabbed a sceptre from the wall and threw it up to the hole were the window had been. A soldier
immediately grabbed it and rushed away. Seth was furious.
"The relic!!!!! They can't have that back!!!! Seize him!!!!" 
Immediately four guards in heavy suits of armour came rushing in with swords. The assassin 
looked at that eagerly and drew his own sword. Tenchi could see what was going to happen and
grabbed Kiyone and turned her away.
"What are you doing Tenchi????" She screamed.
"Trust me." He assured her. "You don't want to see this." And neither did Tenchi for that 
matter. As the guards charged the assassin one immediately felt his blade thrust into his 
side, sawing off a few ribs and filling his lungs with blood, he choked in agony as it 
poured out his mouth, making him look like a hellish garden ornament. The guards struck out,
but each blow was dodged by the nimble assassin as he danced off the walls and plunged his 
claw into the back of another and carrying him, kicking and screaming by his spine onto 
a rafter, before slashing his face off with little flicks of his fingers. The remaining
two could only watch as he kicked for the last time. Like a blender would do, his face
was turned almost to a liquid as every inch of skin was scratched away, and like some sort
of mad doctor, the assasin was taking great pleasure in it. With the look of evil in his eyes 
the assassin went in for the kill, this time leaping from the top. The unfortunate soldier 
could only swipe in desperation as he jumped on top, laughing in a high pitched malicious 
cackle. He bit his neck, tearing a great chunk out, and opening his windpipe. He turned to
his side, holding it closed but the assassin mercilessly rammed a short knife into the back
of his skull. The final guard tried to run, but unfortunately slipped. This would be his 
final mistake, the assassin caught up and like some evil swiss-army knife a long thin drill
shot from the top of his arm. This was stuck through the poor fellows kneecap, and driven up.
Tenchi cringed as he heard the blood curdling screams, the smell of flesh burning and the 
grinding as the drill cut through his bone, showering the assassin in chunks of pink meat, 
with strings of veins attached. Seth was shocked as he felt he was next and ran for his life
through the back door. The assassin noticed and gave chase, but could not through the door for 
the huge mass of green decaying flesh of the bulky daemon of the old ones. Its form was that 
of a bloated puss filled, maggot writhing mess, with huge antler like horns and faces all over
his body. His bloated stomach was filled to capacity and even stitched in places, it oozed 
puss and its entrails were poking through were the flesh was too rotten to keep it in place.
It stood about seven feet high, with tiny eyes and an immense mouth. It bore a sword in one
hand and someone heart in the other. The assassin took this as a great challenge and struck 
first with his sword. This was easily parried by the daemon, with his giant sword, with a
mean serrated edge. The assassin tried to counter-attack by thrusting his claw out but was 
hit full on in the chest, causing the assassin to leap back and spit out some blood. The 
bulky daemon swung his sword for the assassin, but such a strike was easily jumped clear
and the sword crushed the table, still in mid-air the assassin ducked as the sword was then 
swung at him again from a right angle. It was a close shot, but he could use the momentum 
he had picked up to thrust himself. However surprising it may seem the daemon was able to 
keep clear by moving his body sideways. The assassin had to land in the spot he tried to attack
and so was now in a close quarter sword fight. As the daemon sword was brought down the assassin
blocked by laying his across it, but was being forced to the ground as the daemon pushed harder
and harder. When it was nearing the point of being crushed if he didn't get out the assassin 
summoned all of his strength and managed to push him off. After causing the daemon to step 
back he threw his sword out, and stabbed the daemon in the stomach. Green vile liquid spewed
out, showering the room in a green sticky fluid. The daemon ignored this and hacked on, 
immediately slicing the assassins thigh, causing him to jump to safety in the rafters. A huge
chunk was still attached, but was on the verge of coming off. The assassin injected a fluid
in a syringe into his arm and felt a sudden surge in power. Leaping off the assassin attacked
ferociously, clawing like a vicious cat, and making a similar hissing sound. These were mainly
parried and he even tried some aerial kicks in a stunning display of combat. But the hulk of 
flesh pushed him away, smashing him into the wall and breaking many bones. The assassin took to
his feet and dived to the other side of the room as the daemon vomited in his direction, 
covering that area in an acid-like fluid. The assassin pulled a shield off the wall and threw 
it like a Frisbee at him. The daemon held out his hand to block it and it went soaring into
his arm, and it let out a roar in pain. Seizing the moment the assassin leapt into combat, and
his claw bearing several toxins was plunged deep into his side and the claw-mounted syringes
released their chemicals. However it would be not a great victory. Before he could take his 
arm out he was pounded into the floor, breaking his legs. The daemon picked up his body and 
began to crush and shake it around like a rag-doll, smashing it off the walls and chewing it.
Finally all hopes of his survival were dashed as his limp, mangled body was thrown to the 
ground and his body smashed open and poured its contents on the floor. The next moment and
the daemon itself died, its stomach blowing from the inside and exposing a huge hole for a 
man to climb through. The liquids in his body bubbled and churned as they sprayed over the 
floor and his deformed body slumped to one side. Tenchi still held Kiyone's face away, only
turning round to see the assassin Marcus' body, lying face down in a pool of thick blood and
green fluid next to the many pieces of an impossible daemon jigsaw. Tenchi was going to be ill.
And Kiyone could only guess what had happened.
"Should we go now Tenchi?" She asked in a quiet voice.
"Yes. That would be a good idea." He replied, in an equally soft tone. Tenchi picked her off
the floor and she supported him as they both left the room and limped down the corridor, 
looking at the bodies which littered the way. All was silent. A moment ago it had roared with 
that of battle, but now was the aftermath and all there was were the dead, in an eerie 
stillness lying motionless. As they exited the cathedral they looked in horror at the flaming
wrecks of the three cannons and the other war equipment, black smoke spewing into the night.
The flames were the only sources of light and they illuminated the battlefield. No sound was 
present. Because Tyler had forged a path from the side of the city they thought it best to walk
back that way. So they did, Kiyone with her arm around Tenchi's back helping him walk. As they 
both walked over they saw the true fate of those involved. They walked in silence looking at 
the dead from both sides in the ruins of the flattened slums. Bodies with faces smashed open
on the rocks and those with limbs missing. Tenchi shod a tear when they reached the burning
shell of an artillery battery as the proud flag began to catch light, and the proud eagle
succumbed to the flames at last. Tenchi was about to suggest a hasty exit when he heard the 
moans of one of the dying.
"Kiyone!! Did you hear that?"
"Yeah, I did." She said nervously.
"Quick help me find him." She nodded and the pair started to brush away rubble.
"Where's that voice coming from?" Tenchi said, gritting his teeth, before noticing an arm
and head sticking out from underneath a sheet of corrugated iron and rock. Franticly he
rushed over and began to move some of the rocks to get a better view.
"Kiyone! Over here!" Kiyone quickly rushed over and helped. Tenchi knelt down beside the
still-breathing corpse of the young guide. Skunky was looking confused and battered. His
face was covered in dust and several streams of blood ran from a large piece of shrapnel
that had lodged itself in his eye. His other arm was almost gone. Only a few strands of
muscular tissue held it on from the elbow. Not that it would be any use, as it was pulverised
and the skin of his arm served as a bowl of a thick soup of flesh blood and bone. He 
groaned in pain.
"Skunky?" He looked up and smiled.
"Tenchi? What a victory for the cult!!! Outnumbered and we still won!!! Glorious!!!"
Tenchi looked around at the maggot filled corpses, birds had already made nests in the chests
of the dead. The air was ripe with the smell of decay. Tenchi didn't know when a victory 
had smelled so foul. Bodies littered the landscape, limbs and heads organised in no manner
at all. It was a victory for no-one, but a loss for both sides and a loss for humanity. He 
stirred slightly, and Tenchi supported him.
"Damn good fight they put up, even I couldn't keep up, damn mortar shell blew off my arm."
He held his head as his vision began to slip. 
"Is....Is the captain alive?" He asked in a quivering voice. Tenchi looked over to Kiyone 
who was standing, saddened. She shook her head solemnly. Skunky's face turned to that of grief.
"His body's over there. But you'll be pleased to know, the wound that killed him came from 
the front, he died facing the enemy. Like a soldier should." Skunky's face lightened and 
he smiled as much as his muscles would allow.
"That all that matters." Skunky was proud to serve under such a man.
"Tenchi...." He asked.
"What is it?" 
"Take the relic and when you get home activate the distress signal. The Cult will come for it
and you can give it to them, and report the tragic death of the captain." Skunky handed him 
the sceptre and began to cough violently. 
"As for me...I can finally die in the peace of mind that the mission was a glorious success,
and the men of the 452nd Saxon rifles did not die needlessly." Tenchi shook him.
"Don't say things like that!!!! You can hand the relic over yourself, just come with me."
"I can't!!! I'm going to die and I'd like to die were so many of my blood brothers had their
blood spilled."
"You're not going to die.....just come with me and we'll fix you up. You'll see, I know
a very good doctor and you won't believe what she can cure. Just let me help you up and all
three of us can go home together." Skunky's heart bled, but he frowned inside when he saw 
Kiyone.
"Tenchi, you're very kind and offer such as kind invitation." He paused as he clenched in pain
from his injuries. "But I won't make it, but don't worry about me. It may sound silly, but I'd
prefer to die here, so I can reflect upon my life alone in my final minutes." Another spurt 
of blood came from his mouth.
"I can't leave a dying man to face it alone, you may not like it but I'm taking you with me,
Kiyone. Help me pick him up." Despite Skunky's strong objections they dug him out and began to
lift him out. As they did the few tendons broke under the weight off the arm and it came off
fully, and dropped amongst the rubble. Skunky was not in a position to offer a struggle to 
such a warm gesture, and limped with the two. He stopped for a moment to look at Tylers face,
such calmness it showed, like he had shown throughout his life. But now it also echoed sereness,
and peace, things Tyler had never shown before. His body lay dormant and Skunky did the honours
of closing his captains eyes and placing his captains cap on his chest before reaching into the
soil and throwing a little earth over him. He shod a tear of sadness.
"Lets go, Skunky." Tenchi said, in a sympathetic voice. Skunky looked back at the body of his 
captain. The man who he served for many years and had held so much respect for, it saddened
him to see such an inspirational leader to die so forgotten. He died, not in a major battle
for liberation, but in a skirmish for a relic. Soon he could no longer see his captain, but
before he disappeared from view he said his last thank-yous and goodbyes. 

The rain continued to pour as they exited through the huge hole that the soldiers had entered 
in, the two spacecraft still sat there were the rain and wind haunted them. Leaving the huge
confines of the walls Tenchi and Skunky looked back at the city for a final time. Looking at
the huge cathedral that still stood, the three pillars of smoke and huge stone ornaments.
Kiyone couldn't understand what was so influential about the place, she hadn't been through the
same ordeal.
"Lets go home now Tenchi." She spoke softly. Tugging at his arm.
"Ok, there's nothing left to do now." 
At that the three of them were walking down the muddy pathway were this story had began, arm
in arm the trio walked into the area of grasslands, where a shining light could be seen on the
horizon. A gift from the Gods.


End of Part 1 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"So death, the most terrifying of ills, is nothing to us, since so long as we exist, death
is not with us; but when death comes, then we do not exist. It does not then concern either
the living or the dead, since the former it is not, and the latter are no more." Epicurus

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If I had to choose a song that befits this moment it would be: 

Sonne by Rammstein.

Eins, zwei, drei, vier, funf, sechs, sieben, acht, neun, aus.

Alle warten auf das Licht
furchtet euch, furchtet euch nicht,
die Sonne scheint mir aus den Augen
sie wird heut Nacht nicht untergehen,
und die welt zahlt laut bis zehn.

Eins
Hier Kommt die Sonne
Zwei
Hier Kommt die Sonne
Drei
Sie ist der hellste Stern von allen
Vier
Hier Kommt die Sonne

Die Sonne scheint mir aus den Handen
Kann vebrennen, Kann euch blenden,
wenn sie aus den Fausten bricht
legt sich heiss auf das Gesicht,
sie wird heut Nacht nicht untergehen,
und die welt zahlt laut bis zehn.

Eins
Hier Kommt die Sonne
Zwei
Hier Kommt die Sonne
Drei
Sie ist der hellste Stern von allen
Vier
Hier Kommt die Sonne
funf
Hier Kommt die Sonne
sechs
Hier Kommt die Sonne
sieben
Sie ist der hellste Stern von allen
Acht, neun
Hier Kommt die Sonne

Die Sonne scheint mir aus den Handen
Kann vebrennen, Kann dich blenden,
wenn sie aus den Fausten bricht
legt sich heisauf dein Gesicht,
legt sich schmerzend auf die Brust
das Gleichgewicht wird zum Verlust,
lasst dich hart zu Boden gehen
und die Welt zahlt laut bis zehn.

Eins
Hier Kommt die Sonne
Zwei
Hier Kommt die Sonne
Drei
Sie ist der hellste Stern von allen
Vier
Und wird nie vom Himmel fallen
funf
Hier Kommt die Sonne
sechs
Hier Kommt die Sonne
sieben
Sie ist der hellste Stern von allen
Acht, neun
Hier Kommt die Sonne

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I would like to thank anyone who took their time to read this. Whether you enjoyed it or
not is fine, I would still like to say thanks. I know some people may find it long and
boring with far too many descriptions of trivial matters, but that's OK, that's how I write. 
If you liked it or not, if you have any comments, queries, or suggestions don't
hesitate to email me at caleb.howson@virgin.net. Please, it's the comments of everybody,
positive or negative that help me to improve my skills and would really like to hear from 
you. 
Note: Daemon is the old English way of spelling demon, and I refuse to conform to change this
word as I like the "a" in it. 
So once again please e-mail your comments. Thank You.
Oh yeah post-script: The paragraphs are a bit wonky I know but I refuse to format them
as I am a complete Techno-phobe and computers can just fuck off.

Special Thanks to: Gitaro the Metalhead for proof-reading, moral support and having such 
a great taste in music. This one's for you Kidda.

I'm Sunderland AFC 'till I die!!!!! FTM

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    
                   
      
        
 



   
   
        
 

    

              
