GOODBYE TENCHI

DISCLAMER: most of the characters in this fic are not mine. They are property of 
AIC and Pioneer. The rest are mine. But go ahead and use mine I just want to spice 
My  fic  up. I could not pay for a lawsuit. I would just like to make something that
Is entertaining so PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE! DON'T SUE 

1It was just another day at the Masiki shrine in Okyama 
Ryoko is sleeping until noon, Sasami is cooking non stop, 
No one knows what Kione, Mihoshi, or Washu are doing 
But it must be something, Tenchi is working all day with
Ryo-oky on his back, and when Sasami gets done working 
She is going to talk to the nearly grown Yugi in the capsule.
All is normal, even the hectic bathing time (that usually
Ends Up in an episodes worth of fighting) was normal. But
 Later on that day Okayama will have been changed for good.
Tenchi had recently become very attached to Ayeka,
Sadly it had come after declaring his love for Ryoko (or should
I say Ryoko declared her love for him)
So things were going from dry to juicy in the country house.
	Tenchi walked into the living room where Ayeka was 
And said rather hesitantly Ayeka? I was wondering. but was 
Cut off by Ayeka saying. Tenchi. Ever since we crash landed
On this planet my love for you has grown stronger and stronger
And when you came home with Ryoko that night I was devastated.
Tenchi I don't know what to do! I am so lonely without you I, I 
Just don't know what to do. She sobbed. And that did it Tenchi 
Wasn't going to fight it any more. He reached for her chin, and 
Slowly pulled her face closer to his and then they started to kiss.  
They Were still kissing when Ryoko who had come
 Back from fishing for dinner saw them together. Tenchi!
 How could you?! She Cried and flew through the wall 
Ryoko wait! Cried Tenchi But it was too late. All that was
Left in the outstretched hand Were a teardrop and the
 Crystal that she had taken to keep. He ran out the door
 To try to find her but all he saw was a Speck in the clouds.
 	They all decided that it would be Ryoko's nature to 
 Hide from everything for a while. So if
They wanted to find her they would best look for her on the
Galaxy Police Most Wanted List or the G.P.M.W.L.
	One day Tenchi woke up and walked about the room
 He was surprised to see that Sasami wasn't up and about
 Cooking breakfast as usual. So when everyone else was
 Up Tenchi began to get worried. So he went up stairs
 To her room and knocked on the door. Out came a 
Different voice than Sasami's usual cheery, young
Voice. There was a warmer, softer, more aged voice. When
 A figure stepped out of the room it wasn't Sasami who stepped 
Out. It was Tsunami. Tenchi didn't know what to say. He just 
Stood there dumbfounded. Tsunami was curious what was wrong
So she went to the mirror, and saw herself and screamed.
	After things had settled down Tsunami asked Washu if 
Yugi would be grown up too. Yes. Washu replied. so everyone
Went to the capsule and Washu released the newly aged Yugi.
	Tenchi was amazed at the sight of Sacqua again and was the
First to approach her. He felt that feeling that he had felt when 
They first kissed in Tokyo and was embarrassed to be around the
Others. He stepped down and Tsunami went to greet her. 
	She is even more beautiful than before. Tenchi thought
As they went to the house Tsunami showed Yugi to Ayeka's
Room since she was with Tenchi, and they sat down in the living
Room and talked. After Tsunami was done talking to Yugi Tenchi
Just sat there thinking fondly of all there times in Tokyo. Allmost
Reading his mind Yugi sat down on the couch and said. Remember 
The time we went to that old building and got stuck with that guy and 
Almost got married? yah that was crazy. Yah Yugi replied.
	They talked and talked and talked until time for bed.
	The next day when Tenchi got his chores done Yugi came
And brought him some crackers and some lemonade, and they sat
Up in a tree and talked. This went on for some time when
One day. Hi Tenchi. Brought you some cookies. Ran out of 
Crackers. Hi Yugi that's OK I like cookies. What kind are they?
There oatmeal raisin. MM.. my favorite. They get in the tree 
And start eating and drinking, but all of the sudden Tenchi sees 
Yugi looking at him and says is anything the matter? She says 
No I just want to say. I love you Tenchi. And the feelings came 
Back to the two lovers and they were in love again
	So Tenchi and Yugi were together again, and that meant that
 The Jurians were not very happy.
	One day. Ayeka wait. Cried Tenchi. Don't go. Please.
No the Jurian princess said quite sternly. All you do is hang 
Around that girl Yugi you don't have the slightest care about 
Me, Tsunami, or even Ryoko ! You just hang around Yugi all the time!
	I'm coming too said a sad voice from behind them. They looked
Back to see the younger sister of Ayeka. Tsunami standing there.
Very well then. Might I ask Your reason? Because I never get to 
Be with Yugi any more whenever I want to do something with 
Her she's always off with Tenchi. Replied the younger princess.
	Alright then let's go. Then they brought there ship up, were
Beamed up, and went off. And lying in his outstretched hand were
Two teardrops and two of the crystals from the necklace.

	The two Galaxy Policemen were somewhat broke
To put it nicely. So when a job opportunity came up from
GPHQ they were sure to take it.
	On the day of there departure what was left of them 
All gathered up to bid them goodbye. When they went to the
Corridor Mihoshi accidentally closed the hatch to soon slamming 
There heads into the wall in turn sending Tenchi two teardrops and
There crystals. 

		The next day Tenchi went to get Washu from the lab,
But when he got in their there was no one. After further inspection
Tenchi found a note saying that she had left for a large experiment
On a distant planet and that she had used the interdimentional 
Portal. On the note were a teardrop and her crystal so that was it there
 Was no one left in Okyama but Tenchi, Grandpa, and Yugi.2

	Off on a distant planet sat Ryoko. Crying and sniffing all 
Curled up in a ball. There was darkness all around her. As she sat 
There she thought about how Tenchi had hurt her for no apparent 
Reason. As she thought about this her anger rose. As she sat there
In a ball she finally snapped. She flew up into the air and started 
Destroying everything in sight. When she got to a city she started
Coming up from behind people and brought the evil spirits from them
And had the spirits enslave the people and destroyed everything. 
As she would finish off one planed she would start on another with
All the spirits from the last ones.
Meanwhile in Okayama the news showed all the progressing Reports. 

	One day there is a plane taking off. Half way into the
Trip one of the engines explodes. Sending the plane hurdling 
To the ground. One of the passengers jumps out of the 
Emergency door after the back parachute went out on the back
Of the plane. He jumped toward it and caught it just after it 
Was released sending him safely to the ground. He chose a 
Course and started to walk. coincidentally he ended up at the 
Masaki shrine. The boy was greeted by Tenchi's father, and
Was shone to a room by Tenchi after explaining the incident.
He took a nap and woke up to go to supper. They asked his
Name and he said Yamagati. Later on that night they were 
Sitting there and Tenchi was looking blue. What's wrong
Tenchi? Yamagati asked. Well I've got this friend that lived
With six girls. OK? You lived with six girls OK. I'm not 
Dumb. Yah well I liked this one of them but then I liked
Another one of them and I got caught making out with 
The other and she ran off and then another came back
And I really like her and that made two others jealous, and the
Other three went away for other reasons and now one of them
Is on a killing rampage and I don't know what to do.   Well.
I would get ready to fight the other girl and try to make it up 
To the others. Well how will I do that? I'll help you fight and 
You need to get to the other two and hope your police friends
See the crime spree. You'll help me? Thank you. Do you know 
What your up against? No. You're up against a space pirate. Oh.
Well I'll have to rest to get my powers back. You have powers?
Tenchi started to say but was interrupted by the television.
This just in the space pirate Ryoko is headed to Earth. I repeat
The space pirate Ryoko is headed to earth the presumed time
Is three years. Did you hear that Yamagati? Three years to
Train, That should be enough time. Said Yamagati. 

	Meanwhile on the planet Juri the Royal Family was 
Celebrating the arrival of the two princesses when a sudden
Dark force swept over the planet and everyone was taken prisoner
To Ryoko's evil powers and were made evil and joined the evil 
Space pirates reign. The two familiar princesses were put on the
Front line to further the pain of Tenchi.  3
	     
 	Three years later the two young men stood outside the house 
Expecting the worst. Are you scared? Asked Yamagati. No are you?
Replied Tenchi. All of the hard work had paid off for the two.
	Out in space a strange spacecraft was fleeing from the evil 
Doom of Ryoko. It looked like it was heading for earth.
	Tenchi and Yamagati stood motionless as darkness began to 
Envelop the earth. As this was happening the ship began to enter
The earth's atmosphere. It made a wonderful red against the black
Against the blue, but no eyes were on this beauty then the ship came 
Towards the two and a person appeared in front of it. The girl looked
Miraculously like Yamagati. She turned toward and went to Yamagati.
 Yamagati my son she said. Son!? He said. Your, your, you're my, my
Mother she said for him. He was dumbfounded. My name is Kamishingy.
We are from the planet Yamangati. He couldn't speak. I love you my 
Son I am sorry that I couldn't keep you but there was a pelage that wiped
Out half of our people. It took half of your life to find you, the other half
To build another ship to get to you. Please fight well my so! She was 
Stabbed by one of Ryokos laser swords and died. He saw Ryoko, 
Scowled and said you will pay for that.  Oh will I? Ryoko says
Go Kione, and Mihoshe kill that one as for you Ayeka, and 
Tsunami you get Tenchi. Just leave some left for me.   
	So the battle starts try not to hurt them. They're my friends. Yelled
Tenchi. I don't think that we can keep from killing them Tenchi. He
Replied. Yamagati made quick work of Kione and Mihoshi, but had 
To kill them. Tenchi had a hard time getting up the nerve to kill his
Friends. While he was trying to snap them out of it Yamagati was 
Fighting Ryoko. Her powers had greatly increased from what he 
Had trained for but with the message from his mother he had the 
Full powers of his native planet inside of him making it an even
Match. Ryoko shot a blast at him but he deflected it with the massive 
Sword that is from the planet Yamagati. She shot five more blasts that 
Were blocked and he tried to stab her but she moved and he threw the 
Sword at an at amazing speed hitting her arm and cutting her very badly.
And he started a barrage of lasers and Ryoko deflected every one, but 
He powered up and shot a massive blast that barely hit her but hard 
Enough. Ryoko made a sword and he did the same. They attacked
And managed to keep from getting hit until Yamagati broke the
Score by hitting her in the ribs. Ryoko fired back with a massive hit
Then another and followed with a massive barrage of lasers and a 
Huge shot that knocked him down and out.4
	After seeing his comrade go down he killed Ayeka and Tsunami
Then went after Ryoko. He didn't know exactly what to do or how to do
It but he was in a jam and he had to get out of it.
Considering that Tenchi's best line of offence or defense was to talk them
Out of it. So he said Ryoko I'm so sorry about what I did to you. I'm stupid
To do such a thing to hurt you I don't know what came over me.
	Expecting her to let up he was surprised when she snickered and shot
At him, so restarting the battle. Tenchi was very scared, but he didn't let
It show. Ryoko started off she made a sword and flew towards him he made
The special sword and jumped out of the way narrowly missing the blade
Of her sword and when coming down he tried to stab her she made a shield
That amazingly held off his attack. While fighting out of the corner of his 
Eye he saw Yamagati move and he tried to use a power that they learned 
To channel power to one another. Tenchi started this process vowing 
Not to lose this friend so as he clashed swords with Ryoko he was giving
Yamagati his power but as the power was being given to Yamagati the 
Power was being drained from Tenchi. Ryoko finally knocked him to the
Ground and Tenchi knew that at this point if he can get a little more 
Energy into Yamagati that HE could fight Ryoko.
	Ryoko snickered and went down to where Tenchi was standing
And said to him Hi. Hope you like how I kill you. I'm going to tear you
Limb from limb and then rearrange your body. She let out a horrible 
Laugh and as she made an energy ball in her hand a large shot came
From somewhere. They both looked to see Yamagati walking toward
Her. She's possessed! Tenchi yelled. I've had enough of you said 
Ryoko and she made another energy ball but was once again shot by 
Yamagati. She scowled and flew towards him, but he didn't move.
He just stood there and said you will pay. And all of the sudden he 
Shined bright and there was and explosion and he had a huge really
Powerful sword in his hands and he had some sort of elaborate robe
That hat lots of red stripes on it, and he had red stripes on his face.
Four on the side of each eye and three on the chin. Everything on him
Glowed, even the sword and as Ryoko flew toward him. He disappeared,
Then appeared in front of her taking her by surprise and stabbed her 
Through the stomach with his sword. 
	Then all of the blackness built up into a huge being almost as big as
The earth. Tenchi and Yamagati transmitted energy so that they both had
A good amount and then powered up to there most powerful state and
As the being moved closer Tenchi put his sword out, and same did 
Yamagati. And two huge beams came down from the sky, and engulfed
The two young warriors then the swords lit up and each made a beam 
That met at a middle. Then a beam went across the two forming a 
Triangle. In the distance the now dead Tsunami was visible because
They also called upon the power of Tsunami. The two swords powered
Up and exploded with power that hit the monster and disintegrated it
Under the power.5 

	They powered down and fell to the ground panting until they got
Their strength back and stood up. All of the girls were back to normal.
Ryoko, Tsunami, Ayeka, Kione, and Mihoshi. Everything looks like a
 Barren wasteland. Said Yamagati. Why hasn't the blackness cleared?
 Up yet? Asked Tenchi all of the sudden a laugh came from a certain direction. They all 
looked and saw a scary looking man that had long
 Green hair and A large simple red robe that almost didn't fit him. He
Looked very evil, And dark. I see you were able to over take my monster.
 He said. Yes. Yes we did said Tenchi. Well you two have caused me 
Enough trouble. I think I'll kill you Tenchi first. He said. Yamagati was
The closest to Tenchi. All of the girls went there fastest to save Tenchi,
But Yamagati slid in front of the laser beam and was hit dead on. Well
I meant to kill you first, but since you're little friend was so eager. I guess
I'll kill him first. The man said. You monster! Who are you? Cried 
Tenchi. My name is Ryouken. He replies. Tenchi drops down to tend
To Yamagati. I am proud to die for such a noble cause GOODYE
TENCHI and Yamagati dies. A cloud of smoke rose giving off his 
Power and Tenchi walks through the cloud and powers up to the 
Nine wings of the lighthawk. NNNNOOOOOOO!!!!!! Ryouken 
Cries as Tenchi shoots a blast out of his sword. And destroys 
Ryouken. The blackness goes away, all of the girls are brought 
Back, all of the spirits are returned, and Yamagati is alive again.6
	
	Back in Okayama Tenchi sees The Jurians leaving and yells
Wait! Ayeka. I need to tell you that I love you so much that words
Can't explain how sorry I am for doing that to you. Its just that I 
Remembered the love Saqua and I had in Tokyo, and I didn't want to
Give it up. I want you both to stay here. I know I have no business asking
You but will you? He asked. Oh lord Tenchi. Yes, yes I would love to.
	Meanwhile Ryoko is crying because Tenchi still didn't 
Apologize to her. When Tenchi gets in he sees her and 
Says I'm sorry and she just shrugs him off and goes to Yamagati and asks
Him really nicely if he would consider being with her because she is lonely,
And apologizes to him. You didn't do it. He says and he says I would 
Be happy to be your boyfriend and try to make Tenchi jealous.
 	     





		THE END
