David J Thompson the IIIrd is proud to present a tale of lyrical whimsy,
filled with hope, passion, and….ok my girlfriends gone, so prepare
yourself for such absolute stupid foolishness that nobody can even begin
to comprehend its absurdity.  That's right, Dave Thompson is at it again,
in a brand new comedy.  What else would you expect from the Master of
Stupidity™?

Anywho, legal disclaimer time.  Tenchi Muyo belongs to Pioneer animation.
 AIC is merely the animation company, so Tenchi Muyo does not belong to
them….I hope, or I'm headin for a lawsuit.  Oh well, I'll just say Tenchi
Muyo is also property of AIC, just for the sake of argument.  The Kabuki™
style of theatrics belongs to the Japanese, to whom I pledge my immortal
soul.  Enough pointless legal crap, on with the stupidity!!
*******
 David J. Thompson the IIIrd is proud (and maybe a little disgusted) to
present:

"The Greatest SI fic ever created, dammit!!"
*******

        Ho hum, the archeatypical day in my life.  Bright, cheerful, full of
promise for the new day.  Yep, so damn cheerful it would make your eyes
bleed happiness.  Because in Okayama Japan, at least that's where my
computer tells me I am, the weather has been taken over by hippies, who
just love to see their stupid little sun a' shinin' on.  Yep, the Fair
Weather goddess is really working hard nowadays, making every day a nice
day.  Heck, even in the winter the sun is shining, and the grass is
green, under the three feet of snow I mean.  Oh damn, I just executed a
shameless plug for the South Park movie.  Damn me, and damn my good
looks, and my kick ass battle armor.  Damn my ultra-unrealistic powers!
Damn my natural ability to do just about anything perfectly!  Damn it
all!  Oops, no time to start damning things, I seem to be approaching a
house.  Ooh, I wonder what adventures will await me as I join the
occupants of this less-than-humble abode.  Shall we take a look?

A man, standing nearly seven feet tall, approached the household of
Tenchi Masaki.  He was clad in black and red battle armor, with the
helmet removed so you could gaze upon his face.  That face.  That face
that so many dead men had taken to their graves as their last vision, now
gazed upon the household of everyone's favorite spineless worm.  Only
this mysterious man didn't know that.  All he knew was that he had
recently crash landed here, and needed to get his bearings.  He went up
to the door, knocked, and was greeted by a boy.

  (Author's Note: Aw dammit, I did it again.  I write so well that I made
this into a piece of actually good prose.  Damn my natural writing
talent, damn it!  Ok, stupidity must reign, so now I proceed to dumb down
my writing immensely.)

Tenchi: Hi!
Stranger: Hello
Tenchi: Are you here to give us our mail?
Stranger: No.  I crash landed here and I was hoping you could give me
hand.
Tenchi: Ok.  Say, whats your name?
Stranger: My name?  Well my name is Alucard Izumo, current captain of the
hyper elite galaxy police force.
Tenchi: Galaxy police eh?  Wow, you must be one tough guy to be captain
of the hyper elite force!
Alucard: Yes, well I graduated 1st in my class from the academy.  I was
cumma sum lauda from the academy as well.  I have spent my past 14 years
studying at the science academy, where I recently graduated top in my
class, of course.
Tenchi: Wow, you certainly are a qualified person.
Alucard: Yes, I was also valedictorian for both academies, and have been
offered a teaching job there.
Tenchi: Wow!  What else?
Alucard: Im also a 10th degree black belt in 5 martial arts, a master
swordsman, and a former Juraian knight.
Tenchi: Well, we best get going.
Alucard: Right

And so the duo left for Alucard's crashed spaceship.  Meanwhile, Ryoko is
out looking for Tenchi.  She is having no luck.

Ryoko: Oh Tenchi! Where are you my love?  I bet he's with that slut Ayeka
again!  I'll show her a thing or two!

Meanwhile, Alucard directs Tenchi to his crashed shuttle, all the while
speaking on his amazing accomplishments.

Alucard: …and then I captured Kain.  After that I defeated Kagato, not
once, but twice!
Tenchi: Wow, you sure are amazing!
Alucard: Yes I am.  Oh, there's my ship!

Tenchi and Alucard spot Alucard's ship.  Its damage is quite severe.

Tenchi: Nothing that I bet Washu couldn't fix.
Alucard: Washu?  Feh, she's an idiot compared to me.
Tenchi: Wow, you must be *really* smart then.
Alucard: I sure am.

Tenchi calls for Washu to bring the ship to her lab.  Washu complies.
Alucard and Tenchi go back to the home, and are surprised to see Ryoko
waiting for them.  Well, waiting for Tenchi at least.

Ryoko: Oh Tenchi, you're back!  I was so worried you were with that devil
woman!
Tenchi: Hey Ryoko, get offa me!
Ryoko: Of Tenchi, I was so worr…

Ryoko's sentence is cut off as she gazes upon the new face behind Tenchi.
 Her look is one of absolute surprise as her eyes fall onto the new
stranger.  Immediately she drops Tenchi and attaches onto Alucard!

Alucard: Hey!  Whaddya think you're doing?!
Ryoko: Did you know I just *love* men in armor….

Aeka comes down in a mad fury.

Aeka: Miss Ryoko!  If you even think of doing anything to Tenchi, then
you'll….

Aeka is dumfounded when she sees Tenchi lying in a dazed heap on the
floor, with Ryoko attaching herself to a new stranger.  She suddenly
realizes just why she's there.  Aeka rushes over to Alucard.

Aeka: Get away from him you monster!
Ryoko: Hey!  I saw him first!
Aeka: Leave lord…..uh..whats your name, sir?
Alucard: Alucard
Aeka: Leave Lord Alucard alone!!
Ryoko: Make me!
Aeka: I will!

Small logs appear around Ryoko.

Alucard: Please let me go….
Ryoko: Oh goody.  These things again?

Aeka activates her logs.  Both Ryoko and Alucard are zapped.

Aeka: Oh no!  Lord Alucard!
Alucard: Ugh…good thing I had my own shield up, of else I would've been
crispified.
Aeka: Are you hurt? (She takes his hand)
Alucard: Not really

There eyes meet.  Sparks fly between them.  They draw closer, closer,
closer…
Aeka: I've been waiting all my life for this…
Ryoko: Ahem. (Shoves Aeka) Now, where were we?

Sasami interrupts the interlude with her usual "Breakfast is ready!".
But the only thing that comes out of her mouth is "Break…" until she sees
the handsome young man being squeezed by Ryoko.

Sasami: Ryoko!  You get off of him this instant!  Don't you see you're
hurting him?
Ryoko: Butt out Sasami, he's mine!
Alucard: Sasami…help…..me

Sasami attempts to pry Ryoko off from Alucard, but the need never comes
as Ryoko is zapped once more by Aeka.

Aeka: Take that!
Ryoko: Im gonna get you!

The fight goes outside.  By this time, everyone is awake.  Noboyuki,
Mihoshi, Katsuhito, and Washu all rush down from upstairs to see what all
the commotion is about.  They see Tenchi on the floor, Ryoko and Aeka
duking it out again, and Sasami cradling a rather dazed looking figure in
her arms.

Washu: Sasami, who's that?
Sasami: This is Alucard, he's was being squeezed pretty tightly by Ryoko.

Everyone rushes over to Alucard's side with comments like "Are you
okay?", "What happened?", and "Who are you?"

Alucard: First questions first: #1: Yes, #2: Ryoko got "friendly" with
me, and #3: Im Alucard, former head of the hyper-elite GP force, former
Juraian Knight, former bounty hunter, and former professor at the Science
Academy.
Mihoshi: The hyper-elite Galaxy Police Force?
Katsuhito: Juraian Knight?
Washu: The Science Academy?!
Alucard: Yup
Noboyuki: Tell us more about yourself!
Alucard: Okay

3 hours later

Washu: And then you beat Kagato TWICE?!
Alucard: Yes
Mihoshi: And you defeated Kain without the use of Juraian energy?!
Alucard: Well…a bit
Everyone: Oooh, ahhhh

At this point, Tenchi has woken up.

Tenchi: Hey everyone, whats going on?
Washu: Please leave the room Tenchi, you're not wanted here
Tenchi: But…
Everyone: LEAVE!

So he does.   He makes his way towards the woods, where he sits down on a
tree stump to ponder the day's events.
        A leaf passes by his face, he take no notice of this gentle offering
of
the tree above him.  So enveloped in what has happened. A new stranger,
the loss of his loved ones, true sorrow.  What is sorrow?  Sorrow of
losing a friend.  Sorrow of losing a mother.  Sorrow of losing…a lover?
Was anyone in the house truly his lover?  Could he ever love anyone?  No,
shyness was his enemy, and he had no sword to combat this immortal enemy.
 It seems as though he would be forever this way.  Forever…he couldn't
live with forever.  Forever was too long, immeasurable as it was.

(Author's Note: Oops, lapse in stupidity concentration.  Try to remain
focused, just breathe…)

Tenchi: I've got to do something about him.  But what?

Tenchi suddenly had a plan.

For the next three days things went as normal, except for a few things.
Sasami is coming down very early to make breakfast, when she discovers
Alucard is almost done!

Alucard: Hello Sasami, just thought I'd make breakfast today.
Sasami: Oh, what are you making?
Alucard: Well, I just thought I'd prepare an entire Ten-course meal
complete with sides, appetizers, drinks, deserts, and so forth.
Sasami: Wow!  All this for breakfast?  Wow Alucard, you're the absolute
greatest!  So much better than Tenchi
Alucard: That's correct Sasami.  I am the greatest.

Noboyuki enters the room.  There is a look of pride on his face.

Noboyuki: Alucard, you're so great that I've decided to disown Tenchi and
accept you as my son!  I never did like that spineless worm anyway.
You're just so much better in every possible way!
Alucard: Yes Mr. Noboyuki, thats right.  Now get down on the floor and
lick my ultra-cool boots!
Noboyuki: Yes son

Katsuhito enters.

Katsuhito: Alucard, I'd like to announce that because you are so much
better than I, that I shall take my own life.  I am not worthy to live
within a 5mile radius of someone as wonderful as you.
Alucard: You do that Katsuhito.  Im just too perfect for you.  You'll be
a better person for it.

Ryoko enters.  Aeka enters.  Everyone (minus Tenchi) enters

Washu: Alucard, because you are so much smarter than even me, I bequeath
my entire lab, studies, and life's work, to you.  I just cannot possibly
stand to not give you credit for every single thing I have done in my
life.  You are just so great that your amazing intelligence, charisma,
strength, abilities, and natural charm cannot go unrewarded.  I will also
be commiting ritual suicide along with Katsuhito, for I do not deserve to
live alongside with someone so perfect in every way.
Alucard: That's great Washu.
Ryoko: Alucard, please make love to me so that we may bear the greatest
children ever!!
Aeka: No!  Alucard, will be the father of MY children!!
Alucard: Woah!  Don't worry you guys, I'll father ALL your children!
Just understand that you'll do all the raising yourselves while I go
party with my uuber-friends and go get other women knocked up.
Mihoshi: That's fine with me!
Kiyone: I wouldn't have it any other way!
Ryoko: Alucard, you're the greatest carbon based life-form to ever exist!

Azusa enters the room.

Azusa: As current king of the Jurai royal family, I officially step down
from the throne and hand over control of the entire Juraian empire to
you, Alucard.  I only ask one favor of you.
Alucard: Whats that?
Azusa: Let me touch you.
Alucard: Ok, I'll let you touch me AGAIN.

Azusa touches Alucard on the shoulder.  He nearly faints when he does so.

Alucard: Well looks like Im the King of Jurai AGAIN.
Aeka: That means you and I are to be married at once!! As king of Jurai,
you are only allowed marriage to me, and none of these other sluts!!
The "Other Sluts": I'LL KILL YOU!!
Alucard: Girls, girls, theres no need to fight.  As King of Jurai, I
proclaim that the king has the right to choose any whom he desires to
marry!!
All: Goodies!

Suddenly, a large explosion is heard.  Everyone rushes out to see not
only Kagato and Kain standing in front of the house, but about 100 of
their cronies!!

Washu: Oh no!
Ryoko: Not again!
Alucard: Never fear! Alucard is here!!
Kagato: We're here to kill you all!!
Kain: Yes, all of you!!
Alucard: You wont hurt my friends!
Kagato: Oh really??
Alucard: Yes!  In fact, Im going to beat you with both my arms tied
behind my back, using only my big toe!!  And I'm going to make things
fair by giving you both the secret to the power of the Jurai!

Alucard does. Kagato and Kain laugh maniacally when they get the power of
the Jurai.

Kain: Now you shall all die!!

Alucard flies up, does a quadruple flip, jams his big toe into Kain's
eye.  Kain roars in pain, then Alucard slices him several times with his
toenail.

Kagato: How can you be this powerful?!
Alucard: Easy, I ate my Wheaties as a kid!

Kagato is very angry.

Kagato: Stupid fool! With the power of the Jurai I am now invinci-

Kagato's sentence is cut short as Alucard slices him in half with an
energy blade.

Alucard: What was that you were going to say?

Kagato slumps to the ground.  Alucard proceeds to destroy all 100 of the
cronies using only a fork and a pair of tweezers.  After Alucard is
victorious, everyone rushes up to him.

Washu: Wow! That was amazing!!
Ryoko: Yeah, its amazing that even though both Kain and Kagato would be
invincible if given the power of the Jurai, you were still able to beat
them with just your big toe!!
Aeka: Hooray for Alucard!
Mihoshi: Wow Alucard, you're just so perfect in every way!
Alucard: You are correct in that statement Mihoshi.  Im just so utterly
perfect that I cant stand myself.

Alucard whips out a mirror and spends the next twenty minutes combing his
long, black hair.

Alucard: Ok, Im done grooming.  Who wants dinner?
Everyone: Me!!
Sasami: Whats for dinner Alucard?  I know it'll be great!
Alucard: Steak!
Everyone: Yay!
Washu: Say Alucard, you never really told us the true extent of you
abilities.  I've been wondering just what you can do
Alucard: Well Washu, I can fly, teleport, shoot energy blasts, cloak,
walk on water, make miracles happen, I'm telekinetic…

20 minutes later…

Alucard:…and I can shoot "heat rays" from my eyes, and I'm faster than a
speeding bullet and--

Without warning, Tenchi leaps out from behind a bush, catching everyone
completely off guard.

Tenchi: DIEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!

Tenchi slashes at Alucard with his sword, completely severing his head.
Immense amounts of blood gush from Alucard's neck, staining the ground
beneath him.  Alucard falls to the ground, dead.

Tenchi: Phew, I thought we'd never get rid of HIM
Everyone: ALUCARD!!!!! WHY GOD, WH-

Everyone's cry is cut short as they begin to awaken from what seemed to
be a very long dream.

Ryoko: Oh Tenchi!! You finally knocked off that bastard!!
Aeka: I cannot believe how we ever actually put up with that horrid man!!
Mihoshi: What ever came over us?!
Tenchi: Simple, Alucard was able to cloud your minds into thinking that
he was actually a great guy, when in reality, he was an uuber-annoying
spaz.
Washu: I think the term is "Self-insertion charcater"
Tenchi: That's right Washu
Katsuhito: To think that I almost killed myself over that idiot!!
Washu: And to think that I'd give away all my creations to that annoying
loser!!
Azusa: I shall officially reclaim my title as king of Jurai!  And this
incident will be forever forgotten!
Everyone: Amen to that!
**********
Well kids, this has been an excersize in how NOT to write an SI fanfic.
Fanfics like this have already been written, and of course, they suck
ass.  Some examples are: The Maxim series by Phaw, Tenchi Muyo in Life by
HLok, and Tales of Adam by Adam Asskicker.  There was also the one with
Tarot, but I cant remember the name or author of that story.  Read these
fics, appreciate how much smarter you are than these ass-tacular pieces
of ass.  Avoid SI fics like the plague, only evil can come of them.  I
hope you've all learned a good lesson here, so always remember, "Winners
don't do SI"

All questions and comments can be sent to:
Uuplaku-mail@juno.com

Constructive criticism will be appreciated.  Negative comments from the
mentioned authors will be printed out, chewed up, spit out, flushed down
the toilet, retrieved from the sewage treatment plant, and then cast into
my fireplace.  Other than that, thank you for reading ^_^

Also: Look for my new book: "Go Away: A Look into the Derisive Benefits
of Sanity" coming as soon as I finish the freakin thing!