Fate
By Geor-Sama (Tiamt23@hotmail.com)



*see bottom

Slowly he opened his eyes, and tried to stand, but found that his body and
head screamed in pain, he laid back and let his eyes adjust to the
darkness,it was dim, and the light had a far away look. Slowly he slipped
back into unconscious.
"What is thy desire?"
"What?"
"What is thy desire?"
"Desire? I don't. Dont know."
"What is thy desire?"
"What do you mean?"
"What is thy desire?"
"I desire...I don't know."
"WAKE UP!"
He sat bolt up right, the shout and the sudden movement made his head
throbwith pain, he raised his hand's up to the side of his head and held
it,he glanced around and saw with disappointment he was still in the dim
area, suddenly a voice spoke
"What is thy desire?"
He shook his head in confusion, 'Why was this person repeating that?'
"I don't know."
He mumbled back to his surprise, he heard his voice echo through the area,
it dawned on him that this was a cave. He heard the footsteps behind him, He
quickly stood and spun around as quickly as possible, a wave of nausea swept
over him, his sight wavered. He felt a hand on his arm holding him upright,
he fought the nausea and little by little it past. When he could focus his
eyes on the person before him, he blinked to make sure what he was seeing
was right, The man before him had purple hair, and golden catlike eyes. He
stood taller than anyone he had ever met did, his face held the innocence of
an 8 year old and suddenly he spoke in a stern hard voice
"Hold on a minute, let me adjust."
The man shimmered out of focus and then back in, and Tenchi blinked in
surprise, he now had blond hair, and black eyes, the innocent that his face
had before was gone, in its place was the look of someone who was not proud
of the things he had done, his eyes held no mischief but a sad, resigned
knowing, like the one grandfather often had, the man before him bowed and
gestured to the area around them, Tenchi was shocked when he spoke, this
time his voice it was happy, like the one he had heard so often when Sasami
was happy.
"Tenchi Masiki, I bid you welcome."
Tenchi blinked his eyes in confusion, Tenchi bowed his head in return, he
was used to this by now, someone was always kidnapping him, now he just had
to figure out why this person had done it.The man noticed his confusion and
laughed
"Why are you confused, have you not reached the place you wished for where
you can have anything you want?"
Suddenly he heard the voice again
"What is thy desire?"
Tenchi shook his head, he tried to talk, his throat hurt, he stopped and
tried again this time he go this question out.
"Where is this, I never wished for this place."
The man before him sighed and smiled
"Tenchi this is the place where we can answer any question, you can ask us
anything and we can grant it."
Tenchi shook his head; he didn't believe this person, (why should anyone
want to help me?)
"What... Who are you?"
The man smiled politely and thought (Mortals.)
"You may call me Sozen."
Tenchi looked at Sozen, he was worried
"Sozen? Okay now what are you? An assassin, another suitor for Aekea, a
bounty hunter?"
Sozen sighed and smiled and shook his head
"My aren't we full of questions, no I'm not any of those things you won't
really understand what I am but I'll tell you. You know of the three goddess
Tsunami, Washu, and Tomiki right?"
Tenchi nodded his head, Sozen smiled and continued
"Okay, there not the only god's, or I should I call them goddess's? Any
way's their not the only one's in the universe, I'm a messenger for, I
suppose you could call him their brother."
Tenchi shook his head in disbelieve, but still he was happy that there was a
god out there not trying to kill, or experiment on him.Sozen smiled happily,
as Tenchi thought about what he had just said, he knew what he was supposed
to do, Tenchi didn't really have the desire he was
supposed to so his boss had sent him to help him, after all he was the best
at being fate.
Tenchi felt torn he felt that this person could help him with his problem,
but he was unsure what his problem was, he knew about the choice he was
going to have to make between Aekea and Ryoko, but that couldnt be why a
being like this was here to help him, but that was the only problem Tenchi
could see. And if this person could help him then Tenchi was determined to
take it, he wanted to make the right choice. His decision made her spoke
"Sozen, can you show me what would happen if I chose Aekea?"
Sozen smiled and nodded his head, he was glad that he was going to try and
solve his problem, Sozen raised his hand over Tenchi's head and Tenchi felt
the uneasiness that he felt when Ryoko teleported him some where, suddenly
Tenchi found himself standing in a huge room, people where everywhere
dressed in royal outfits, they all deferred to the center of the room,
Tenchi looked up and saw that at top of the step sat two throne's, Tenchi
was inexplicably pulled forward as if being guided, he walked up the steps
towards them, he moved past the guards, he smiled so I can't be seen, he
found himself standing before the throne on his left, Aekea sat there, her
face filled with happiness, her red eyes filled with joy and happiness,
Tenchi looked away from her to the other throne, he was shocked what he saw,
it was another Tenchi, he had a smile on his face, his eyes held happiness,
but Spirit-Tenchi noticed they held something else, King Tenchi sighed and
stood the room fell quite
"My wife and I, wish to thank you for attending our two-year anniversary and
for all the wonderful gifts."
Applause from the group floated up to his ears, the spirit-Tenchi sighed
this was polite applause, he could tell that his other self knew it to.The
crowned Tenchi waited for the applause to die down before he continued
"I am grateful for your help, understanding, and support, and we wish you a
safe journey home."
The crowed bowed politely as Tenchi and Aekea stood and left the room,
Spirit-Tenchi stood there torn between watching the people in the room and
following his self out he decided to stay, he milled around the room and
caught the tail end of a conversation between two guest, a man and a women,
from the way they were dressed Tenchi figured that they were low on the
royalty poll, Aekea had taught him how to tell from the style of clothing
they wore. The woman had, green eyes, and blue hair, the man had blue eyes
and green hair Tenchi smiled to himself.
"Queen Aekea and King Tenchi looked so happy."
The man nodded his head in agreement
"True but King Tenchi looked rather distracted."
The woman smiled and replied
"I know he always gets likes this at this time of year."
The man looked curious
"I wonder why?"
The woman shook her head
"Don't know, maybe the saying is true heavy is the head that wears the
crown."
The man smiled and gentle took the woman's hand and squeezed it
"Maybe..."
Spirit-Tenchi shook his head, he didn't need to see or hear the rest of the
conversation, he turned and went out the door Queen Aekea and his other self
had went through. He walked down the hall, glancing from side to side at his
surroundings, he was in awe of what he saw, there were beautiful tapestries
and paintings, beautiful stained glass and statues, Tenchi figured that his
king self had everything that he could want, he heard footsteps beside him
before he knew there was anyone with him, he turned and was surprised to see
Sozen next to him, he settled down when Sozen smiled at him, he turned back
and continued to walk, Sozen next to him, they walked in silence finally
Tenchi stopped and turned to Sozen he had a question to ask him
"Sozen can I hear my thoughts."
Sozen cocked an eyebrow and smiled, Tenchi felt uncomfortable
"But you can your listening to them now, you were just thinking that your
other self had everything that he could want."
Spirit-Tenchi bowed his head and got a sweat drop on the side of his head
"I mean can I hear my other self's thoughts."
Sozen laughed and patted Tenchi on the shoulder
"I knew what you meant, that was just a little humor, of course you can, but
you may not like what you hear."
Tenchi started to say something when he noticed that Sozen was gone, he
sighed (I'll never get used to people doing that to me.) Tenchi turned back
down the hall and started walking again, until he stood before two door's
they were huge, made of wood, Tenchi could tell from the markings on them
that this was the bed chambers, he opened the doors and saw a smaller one,
on either side stood Azaka and Kamadike, he slowly approached not sure if
they could see him or not, when he walked past them he turned around and
neither had moved, he smiled relived and opened the door, the room was dim,
the only light coming from the window, he looked to the bed and saw Aekea
laying in
the bed, she was looking up at the face of king Tenchi she smiled, and his
other self smiled back,
"Tenchi-sama do you want me tonight?"
King Tenchi shook his head and gentle ran his hand along her cheek, he spoke
in a hushed whisper
"No, not to night Ae-chan, I need to sleep."
She smiled and Tenchi leaned forward and kissed her lightly on the lips. She
laid back in the bed, watching her love preparing for bed, as she drifted of
to sleep, she knew full well he would not sleep tonight, he never slept on
this night
(Forgive me Aekea.)
Spirit-Tenchi blinked his eyes in confusion he hadn't thought that, and was
at a loss at where it came from but before he could figure it out another
thought entered his head(It's just that this is the day she disappeared,
right after I chose you.)
Spirit-Tenchi looked around the room and saw him sitting in chair on the
balcony staring out into the starry night sky, Spirit-Tenchi turned from the
bed and walked out onto the balcony and joined his other self, spirit-Tenchi
stood in front of him shock spread over his face, his other self had a lone
tear rolling down his cheek,(The others, they visit every other week, and
Sasami is here with us.)
Spirit-Tenchi moved closer to his other self until he stood beside him (I
have everything that anyone could want, love, family, money, power,
friendship, And yet I am missing the one thing that could make me truly
whole and happy.)
Spirit-Tenchi bowed his head, he didn't understand he had everything he
could want so what was he missing, he looked back up at his other self's
face and saw another tear roll down his face. (Aekea, my wife, I love you
but not as you would have me love you, I love you with a part of my heart, I
love you like a sister, that's wrong I know, I love you as best I can my
wife but it is not right, you know and I am happy being married to you, but
I am miss her.)
Spirit-Tenchi bowed his head, if he loved her like a sister why had he
chosen her, (I chose you Aekea, I love you, but I am not sure why I chose
you was right,looking back on my feelings I realize that the reason I chose
you was because you were the safe choice, you offered me sanity, security,
something normal. The other didn't she had adventure and excitement, she
offered me a life where I could make my own decision's, and that is what
made me chose you. I have never had to make my own decisions, with you my
life is planned and ordered with her it wouldn't have been. I know that when
the morning comes that I will be back to normal, I made sure Washu saw to
that, but for now it hurts, I made my choice and now I have to live with
it.) Spirit-Tenchi bowed his head, now he knew why he had chosen Aekea when
he loved her like a sister, he had been scared, a life with no decisions or
one where he made them, He barely felt the hand on his shoulder, he lifted
his head to see Sozen. Sozen smiled sadly at Tenchi, he knew this was
hurting him more than anything
"Tenchi are you ready to go?"
Tenchi nodded his head, he glanced at the scene before him one last time and
turned his back to it, he closed his eyes (Down that path was nothing but
heart ache.) he felt the queasiness in his stomach. He opened his eyes to
see that he was back where he had started, Sozen stood beside him and waited
quietly, Tenchi turned to face
"So that is what it would be like to chose Aekea?"
Sozen nodded his head and smiled, Tenchi sighed and forced himself to
continue, he wanted help, he knew that Aekea was not the choice he needed to
make but he need to know something
"Can you tell me, what he... I was missing?"
Sozen shook his head and shrugged his shoulder apologetically
"No Tenchi, that you must discover for yourself, this is your problem and
you need to solve it, I will get overly involved. Are you ready now ?"
Tenchi shook his head he knew that he was not ready yet
"No, not yet, I have other possibilities to see. Will I be able to hear all
my other self-thoughts?"
Sozen nodded his head and smiled (Tenchi this is going to be hard on you.)
"Yes, but you may not like what you here in a lot of them."
Tenchi nodded his head in understanding a frown on his face, he almost asked
Sozen what would it be like if he never chose any of them, but decided
against it, he was not that stupid it would be unbearable to him and the
girls. (No, Lets go with another girl, maybe sasami.) he tossed that last
part of his thought out the window, why bother he loved her like a sister
and she's too young, he finally decided on Washu.
"Sozen will you show me what it would be like if I chose Washu?"
Sozen smiled and shook his head,
"Don't you want to know what it would be like if you chose Sasami?'
Tenchi shook his head vehemently; clearly shocked that Sozen had said that.
"No, I love her like a sister so I can't chose her, plus she's to young."
Sozen smiled and nodded his head
"Two down, 3 left."
Sozen raised his hand over Tenchi and suddenly he found himself in a huge
lab, he turned all the way around beeping and bopping machines surround him,
he started walking until he found what he was looking for, Washu and his
other self, Tenchi looked at his other self and gathered from what he was
wearing that he was Washu's assistant. He cautiously walked over to them,
and listened to their conversation carefully
"Was-can are you sure this is safe?"
Washu smiled at him, spirit Tenchi was shocked her body and face was not of
her child form, but of her adult form
"Ten-chan don't worry, were alone, nobody will get hurt,"
Suddenly a thought hit him (Yes we are alone, That is what hurts the most.)
Spirit-Tenchi sighed and knew what the problem was he missed his friends,
then another thought hit him(Our friends visit, but rarely, we have family,
but they never visit, we have respect, honor, power, from the scientific
community, yet I miss her, she was the one thing I need the most.) Spirit
-Tenchi sighed it was the same here he was still missing someone, this
version of himself didn't have everything that his King self had, but he had
enough to be happy, but he wasn't (I love you Washu, but as a friend, so why
did I choose you, she seemed like the best choice, the one with all the
answers, but I was wrong.)
Spirit-Tenchi turned away from the scene before him, there was nothing here
for him, he knew that Washu was his friend, His sister not his love. He
closed his eyes he felt the wrenching in his stomach, he opened his eyes and
found himself looking at Sozen.
"I take it that you didn't find your answer down that road."
Tenchi nodded his head and smiled sadly
"Yes, there is nothing down that path for me, just loneliness."
Silence fell covering the area. Tenchi jumped when Sozen asked
"So do you know what's next?"
Tenchi shook his head sadly
"No, um before I leave can I ask a question?"
Sozen cocked his head and smirked
"Depends on what you want to know."
"When I return from wherever I go, where exactly do I return to and where is
it I go, also how does this work?"
Sozen sighed and shook his head
"Why must mortals know everything, okay listen and listen good I'm only
going to explain this once, Here is what you would call Limbo, and where you
go is called a thread, as you go down one and return you sever one of them,
thus you are left with your fate, most mortals never get here, instead they
severe the choices as them come to their forks in the road, eliminating one
possibility and accepting another."
Tenchi bowed his head; this was confusing, yet it made sense to him
"So when I choose Will I be dropped into my choice?"
Sozen sighed and shook his head
"No, you will be put back at your crossroads, and left to choose on your
own; these are just the possibilities of each choice."
Sighed that didn't answer his question he asked again
"So will I remember all the threads?"
Sozen shook his head and sighed
"Mortals why are they so dense, no when you return it will be up to you to
make the right choice, the reason for me showing you these is so that when
you go back, you will have feeling what's down each path, and you will
follow the feeling that seems right to you, this is fate, to follow your
feelings, to exercise free will. But why worry about something you can't
control or understand."*
Tenchi hung his head and sighed Sozen smiled
"3 down and 2 to go, so who's next?"
Tenchi shuddered at the thought, he was saving Ryoko last, he didn't know
why it just seemed right, and that left Mihoshi and that frightened him, but
he decided better safe then sorry, steeling himself he forced himself to say
it
"Mihoshi."
Sozen sighed and raised his hand over Tenchi's head before Tenchi left he
heard Sozen mumble
"This is going to be fun."
Tenchi opened his mouth to ask what he meant when the wrenching in his
stomach hit he closed his eyes and when he opened them again he found
himself standing on the bridge to Mihoshi's ship. He turned slowly and saw
Mihoshi, she sat in he control chair, she was crying Tenchi looked at the
screen in front of her, she was typing her letter of resignation, he stood
and turned to the seat behind her, his other self sat bent over the terminal
frantically reading something, Tenchi walked over and peered cautiously at
the screen but before he could read anything a thought hit him (Time to
summarize Mihohsi's last report.)Spirit- Tenchi understood what was going
on, when Tenchi had chosen her, Mihoshi had decided to resign and Tenchi had
volunteer to summarize her report. Spirit-Tenchi sighed (She has given me so
many ulcers that it's pathetic. I chose her because I thought that it would
be an easy life, and I would never have to worry about anything, but I was
wrong. I miss the others, we see them occasionally, but never the one I want
to see, she's had been gone since I chose, I need her, I have family but far
away, ours friends piety me, I have power, respect, honor, and sympathy.)
Spirit-Tenchi sighed it was just like every where he had everything he could
and still be happy and yet he was missing something...someone he bowed his
head this was not what he wanted, he closed his eyes and turned away from it
he felt the wrenching in his stomach and he opened his eyes to see that he
was back in limbo, he saw the understanding face of Sozen
"Didn't find what you were looking for?"
Shook his head and sighed
"It wasn't the right one none of them have been right. I was happy but I was
missing something so I wasn't entirely happy."
Sozen nodded his head and motioned for Tenchi to come closer, Tenchi sighed
and walked up to Sozen.
Sozen smiled and put his arm around Tenchi, he knew that his job was almost
done, now all he had to do is force Tenchi back to his world, they stood
their, Tenchi was fast becoming uncomfortable he jumped when Sozen broke the
silence
"Tenchi Mask you are done here, speak your desire."
Tenchi blinked in surprise, he felt confusion and anger rise in him he
couldn't remember telling Sozen he was ready
"Now wait a minute what about the thread with Ryoko?"
Sozen shook his head and sighed
"You don't want that thread; it's not the one you want."
Tenchi was shocked how did this guy know what he wanted
"Sozen don't tell me what I want, let me see the tread with Ryoko."
Sozen sighed and shook his head
"I am sorry but it is time for you to name your desire."
Tenchi was about to argue with Sozen when a voice filled the area
"WHAT IS THY DESIRE?"
The voice echoed and faded Tenchi felt a presence with him that was not
Sozen
"Tell it you desire to walk the thread with Ryoko."
He shook his head when he heard the voice; it was wrong Tenchi felt that, it
was just to tempting, he knew that was not what he desired. Suddenly it hit
him what his desire was and he shouted out to the voice
"I desire to live my life as I see fit."
Tenchi's eyes closed as the thunder boomed overhead. He felt the ground
shake and he heard a loud rumbling below him, he looked down and opened his
eyes and stared as the ground opened and giveaway, sending him plummeting
down into darkness.

Tenchi laid there a long time before he opened his eyes, he didn't need to
open them, he felt the grass and ground he laid on, and heard the gentle
swaying of trees branches in the breeze. As he laid on ground his eyes
staring up into the blue cloudless sky, his head was throbbing with pain. He
knew where he was but he couldn't remember why he was here. He laid there
his mind trying to piece together what had happened, he remembered leaving
the house to think about his choice, it had been weighing heavily on his
mind, he had walked through the woods he past Ryo-ouh and smiled at the
memory that it conjured. He moved on walking through the swirling cherry
blossoms and his smile broadened, it conjured lots of pleasant memories, he
had continued to the cave, he had stopped in front of the cave and
remembered what had happened so long ago and yet so recently. He had left
the cave happy but that soon changed to sadness when he visited his mothers
grave, he had knelt in front of it he had sat there, not thinking, not
speaking just sitting there.
He finally rose and continued his walking; finally he lay down on the
ground, and..and nothing. His mind went blank, had he drifted off to sleep,
he couldn't remember but for some reason, for the first time in along time
the world made perfect sense. He did know that the reason the world made
sense now, he had chosen, he knew that he had chosen he just couldn't
remember when he had chosen, it had been recent, maybe during the time he
had laid here, he blinked his eyes that felt right, he had chosen while he
laid here and slept, he was sure of it, he had chosen before he had drifted
off, and now he knew it beyond a shadow of a doubt. He slowly stood and
turned back the way he had came and walked through the forest, to find the
one he loved. He walked past his mothers grave, he stopped and bowed his
head and said a silent prayer asking his mother for her blessing. He stood
there lost in thought, he felt a gentle breeze, he raised his head and
smiled he could have swore he heard his mother whisper her blessing. A tear
escaped and made it's way down his cheek, silently he whispered back "Domo
arigato gozaimasu Achika-Chan. "he turned slowly and continued on to the
cave, he smiled slightly but walked on with out stopping, he had no reason
to stop here. He walked through the falling cherry blossoms and continued
on, never stopping, he walked past Ryo-ouh, without a sideward glance a sad
smile replaced the happy one that he had minutes ago. finally he stood in
front of the house, he stood there steeling himself for what was going to
happen after he made his choice, 'well at least I'll have her.' he closed
his eyes and shook his head a smile crossing his face, He felt happy, for
once in his life content. He slowly walked up the steps to the door He slid
it opened and entered, he stood there bracing for what would happen,
silently in his head he counted down '5,4,3,2,1'
"TENCHI!"
Ryoko plowed into Tenchi, as she grabbed him in a hug that cut of his air.
he stood there letting her hug him before he would have broken free and ran
but now he just waited until she let go, when he didn't shout Ryoko was
confused, 'He normally fights tooth and nail to get away from me.' She let
go of him and watched as he gasped for air, she apologized she raised an
eyebrow when he just stood there and smiled at her. He let his eyes start to
roam from her legs to her face back down and back to stare into her golden
catlike eyes filled with something he hadn't noticed before, it had always
been there but he had never noticed, but he knew what it was, it was love.
Ryoko looked at Tenchi and smiled, she put her hands on her hips and cocked
her head to the side, her eyes filled with curiosity (First he doesn't
struggle when I hug him, and now he's just standing there looking at me.)
She didn't want to, he was raising her hopes every moment he looked at her,
but she did the only thing that made sense, she embarrassed him.
Coyly she whispered
"Like what you see?"
Tenchi smiled and winked at her
"Of course."
Ryoko blushed, her face filled with shock and embarrassment and finally
worry she stepped forward and put her hand on his head it didn't feel warm
to her (What happened, what did Washu do to him? ) she did want him love her
but she wanted him to love her on his own not because somebody made him. He
smiled and gentle took her hand with his and kissed it, Ryoko blushed an
even brighter red, she was totally confused, why was he doing this?
"Tenchi what are you doing?"
Tenchi smiled he knew this was the right choice
"Has anyone every told you that your beautiful?"
Ryoko turned a brighter shade of red and shook her head
"Are you ok Tenchi?'
Tenchi gently reached out and pulled her to him with his free hand, Ryoko
nearly phased away from shock her dream was coming true, Tenchi stood inches
from her face and she now realized that Washu had done nothing this was it
he had chosen. She smiled a lopsided grin as he whispered in her ear
"Never better."
Before she could respond Tenchi pulled her into one of the most passionate
kiss ever. She stood there frozen in shock she had dreamt this forever and
now it was happening finally. The only part of her mind that was still
functioning told her to quit thinking and kiss back. She pulled him even
tighter to her and returned the kiss they stood there in the doorway
kissing. To them the moment lasted forever and not long enough.

In the dim lit area stood Sozen he had a smile on his face, his eyes were
filled with satisfaction. Absently a thought entered his mind (I am good at
being fate.)

This is the disclaimer:
AIC/ Pioneer owns Tenchi and the other characters, so don't sue me, the only
thing in this story I own besides the idea is Sozen. If you think that
Tenchi shouldn't have chosen Ryoko go write your own story, this is mine and
I'll write it how I want, and as far as I am concerned Ryoko is the only
candidate for Tenchi.

*(Sorry for the copy out on explaining how this part of the story works but
I was getting a headache from trying to explain fate, it was just getting so
complicated, so I took the easy way out.)

Sincerly,
Geor-sama
A Nekoshipper