The Gentle Sound of Thunder

By BGlanders

Chapter Two: Through Tenchi's eyes

*****

I remember that it had looked like it was going to be a beautiful
day.

I had woken up early to try to get to the restroom without being
harassed, and low and behold not a soul was in sight.  In fact, I
didn't see anyone until I finally made it downstairs and saw Sasami
cooking breakfast.

"Good morning, Tenchi!"

"Good morning, Sasami," I told her.  "You're up awfully early." 
According to the microwave, it was only seven.  Usually no one
but grandpa was up this early.

"I know.  I couldn't sleep, so I decided to cook."  I could see that
Sasami was forcing a smile at me and trying not to look me in the
eye.  I went over to her, put my hand on her shoulder and asked
her, "Sasami, what's wrong?"

She broke down right then and there.  She just started bawling and
buried her face in my shirt.  I hugged her and tried to calm her
down, but I don't think it did any good.  "Oh Tenchi!  I..I've had the
mo..most horrible dre..dre..dreams!  I didn't know wh..who to talk
to and I..I.."

She broke out with a fresh string of tears and I hugged her even
tighter.  We must have stayed like that for a good ten minutes
before she finally calmed down.  It absolutely floored me.  I had
hardly ever seen Sasami get so upset over something, especially a
dream.  She was always so happy, so full of life that to see her cry
went through me like a thousand daggers all at once.

I took her tiny hand in mine and led her out to the back porch.  I
figured that maybe it would be good for her to get outside and clear
her mind.

"Do you want to talk about it?"  I asked her.

She sniffed for awhile and just stared at her feet.  Then she finally
said something.  "Tenchi, I had a dream..I dreamed that Aeka and
Ryoko were doing the Jenna-Hotaru and that you were involved
too!  And Ryoko...!"

I stopped her.  "The Jenna-Hotaru?  What's that?"

She sniffed again and looked at me with two sad pink orbs.  Before
she could answer, I heard footsteps from inside the kitchen. 
"Come on Sasami, let's go back inside.  Besides, this Jenna-Hotaru
thing can't be all that bad, now can it?"  She grabbed my sleeve and
tried to make me stay.  "No, you don't understand..!"

I picked her up and patted her head. "You're right, I don't.  Sasami,
don't let it trouble you.  I'm sure everything is fine.  Now let's go
inside and have some breakfast, shall we?"

When we got inside, I saw Ryoko and Aeka already seated at the
table.  Aeka was dressed in a black kimono and her hair was in a
single ponytail.  Ryoko was in her battle suit.  Something was
definitely up, but at the time, I didn't think..

"Good morning, girls."  I tried to put as much cheer as I could into
my voice.  The kitchen was as quiet and as somber as a grave. 
"Good morning, Tenchi."  They said in unison.  I was starting to
get nervous.  This wasn't typical behavior for Aeka and Ryoko.  By
now both should have been fighting or name-calling or something
along those lines, but this silence thing was just plain creepy.  

And the uniforms..

After breakfast, both girls stood and made their way outside.  I was
curious, so I decided to follow to see what was going on.  They
both walked to opposite ends of the yard, faced each other, bowed,
then..

Then all hell broke loose.

Aeka suddenly screamed a battle cry and unleashed a force bolt.  I
didn't even know she was capable of such a feat.  Later on I
learned it was a highly concentrated force field, but I guess it
doesn't really matter now..

Ryoko dodged and let loose with her own barrage.  At first I
thought they were just practicing, but then I saw the looks on their
faces, the hate and determination in their eyes.  I knew that this
was for keeps.

I saw that Aeka had activated her Light Hawk sword and was now
charging at Ryoko.  At first I was shocked, but then I realized that
all members of the royal house probably had this power.  Anyway,
she charged and Ryoko met her with her own light saber.  The two
fought for a good length of time, but it was clear that Ryoko was
winning.  As trained as Aeka was, Ryoko's years of experience
were showing through.  Finally Ryoko landed a blow to Aeka's
side, cutting her deeply.

I had seen enough.  I already had the Master Key in my hand, so I
activated it and jumped between the two.  I didn't know why they
were fighting to this extent, but I knew that it had to stop now, or
else someone was going to die.  

"That's enough Ryoko."  I tried to see how badly Aeka was hurt. 
Then I noticed that the Guardians were only twenty feet away, but
not lifting a finger to help (assuming that they have fingers).  

"Ryoko looked stunned that I had tried to stop them.  She was so
thrown by what I had done that she almost deactivated her sword
when I jumped between the two.  "Tenchi?  What are you doing?"

"I'm stopping you before you do something we'll all regret."

"Tenchi, this doesn't concern you.  Just walk away Tenchi, please. 
I don't want to see you hurt."

I stood my ground.  Behind me I could hear Aeka moaning in pain. 
"Are you insane Ryoko?  You could've killed her!"

"And I would have if you hadn't interfered!"

"WHAT?!"  I screamed.  I couldn't believe what I was hearing. 
"You're saying that you wanted to kill her?  Why?"

Ryoko suddenly assumed a battle stance and looked me dead in the
eye.  "Unless you want to take her place, I'd advise you to move. 
Now."

"If that's what it takes, then I will take her place!  Ryoko this is
madness!"

She froze a look of terror shot across her face.  "Tenchi!  No, you
can't mean that!  Please Tenchi, take it back now!"

I refused.  There was no way I would let her kill Aeka.

"This is your last warning Ryoko.  Back away or else!"

"Tenchi please, for the last time, I will not back down.  You just
don't understand..!"  

"You're right, I don't.  Right now, all I know is that someone I care
about is about to die, and I can't let that happen."

When I said that, she looked as if a thunderbolt had just torn
through her heart.  "Tenchi, no... you can't mean that.."

"I can and I do.  Now put your sword down and we'll talk about
this."

Ryoko raised her sword as the tears were streaming down her face. 
"Please!  You don't know what you're doing!  DON'T MAKE ME
DO THIS!!!"  


That's when she charged.  I reacted out of instinct, I didn't even
know that I was stabbing her.  I saw my sword go right through her
throat.  Her eyes went wide and tears were streaming down her
cheeks.  I saw her mouth my name, then..

Then...

The next thing I remember is grandpa holding me while I was
sobbing. He helped me into the house and up to my room.  I just
lay on the bed and wept at what I had done.  I still couldn't believe
that I had killed her, that it had come down to that.  I could still see
her face in my head, those eyes that were full of sadness.

I knew what I had to do.

I started to pack my travel bag with some necessary items and
changed into my travel clothes.  I took some yen that I had been
saving out of a jar and took one last look around my room.  All my
posters, books, all my belongings, they seemed so trivial.  None of
it was worth a damn next to her life.  Her life..

I sat down at my desk and tried to write a note to dad and grandpa
to try and explain why I was leaving.  It was hard trying to find the
right words, but eventually I got them out.  I knew that even if dad
didn't, grandpa would understand.  I set the note on the kitchen
table and tried to leave before anyone noticed me.  As I walked
through the living room, I saw Aeka sitting on the living room sofa. 
She was waiting for me.  Damn, I was hoping to avoid this.  I didn't
want to talk to any of them..

As soon as she saw me, Aeka lept from the sofa and tried to block
my way out.  She just gave me a look that screamed disappear.  I
stopped when she put herself between me and the door.  She was
begging with me, pleading for me not to go.  She was saying that it
wasn't my fault, that I couldn't help what had happened.

I looked at her with the coldest expression I could gather.  "If it
wasn't my fault, then whose was it?  Hers?  Yours?  All of your
fighting, all of your jealously, its all come down to this.  As long as
I feel that her death was somehow my fault, I won't be able to go
on.  Not here, at least.  I'm leaving now, and I don't want you or
anyone else to try and follow.  If I ever come to terms with what
happened, then maybe I'll return someday, but until then..."

Aeka was clinging to my jacket and sobbing uncontrollably.  I
couldn't understand what she was saying, and at the moment, I
didn't care.  Nothing could bring Ryoko back, not her explanations
or Sasami's dreams or my soul searching.  I pushed her aside and
walked out the door.  

As I made my way down the path to the bus terminal, I tried not to
look back at the house, at my family.  I just kept going, all the
while trying to see through the tears that just kept coming.

After awhile it started to rain.

In the distance, I could hear thunder.

*****

Tenchi & Co. belong to AiC and Pioneer.

The story, however, is MINE.

Check out my other 2 series in progress..

Masaki Inc 
The Devil & Mr. Masaki

Some feedback would be greatly appricated!

BGlanders@aol.com


