The Gentle Sound of Thunder

By BGlanders  

Chapter 1: Through Yosho's Eyes

*****

I still can't believe that this has happened.

Today started out so peacefully.  The sun was so red and perfect in
the morning sky, the birds were singing sweetly outside my open
window.  I woke up with a smile on my face, expecting this to be a
particularly good day.

If I had only known...

***

I always leave the house early, before the girls awake and start
their usual quarrelling.  I sneak out through the kitchen door and
make my way to the Shrine office.  I usually stay there for most of
the day, but today I decided to change my routine a little.  The
beautiful day outside was too tempting to ignore and I just felt to
alive to be cooped up all day reading ancient texts and writing
haiku's.  I decided to go for a walk.

The air seemed crisp and clear.  There was something in it,
something that just reminded me of...

Highly concentrated energy bursts.

I decided to wander over to the house and see what all the fuss was
about.  My first thought was that Aeka and Ryoko had gotten into a
fight for Tenchi's love, but when I got there, I had no idea...

What I saw completely floored me.  Of all the things I didn't expect
to see, this was right at the top of the list.  Ryoko was wearing her
red and black battle suit, her light saber drawn and her eyes filled
with tears.  In front of her was Tenchi in a defensive stance, the
master key activated in his hand. 

"This is your last warning Ryoko.  Back away now or else!"

I had never seen Tenchi in actual battle, although I had heard
stories from the others.  He was obviously serious about his threat,
his eyes were dead set on Ryoko.  Ryoko's hands were shaking and
her sword was faulting, but she refused to move.  "Tenchi please,
for the last time, I will not back down.  You just don't
understand..!"  

That's when I saw Aeka lying behind Tenchi, obviously hurt.  She
was garbed in a black komono and her hair was tied back.  I also
saw that the Guardians weren't helping, but instead were off to one
side, as if observing.  Suddenly I realized what was going on. 
"NO!" I screamed as I activated my Light Hawk sword and
charged to stop the inevitable.

Ryoko raised her sword as the tears were streaming down her face. 
"Please!  You don't know what you're doing!  DON'T MAKE ME
DO THIS!!!"  

It was over before it began.  Ryoko charged towards where Aeka
was lying, a primal scream of rage and despair emerging from her
lips.

Tenchi brought his sword forward.

I was still too far away to stop it from happening.  All I could do
was to scream.  From somewhere, I heard Sasami cry out as well.  

Time seemed to freeze.  Tenchi's blade was embedded deep into
Ryoko's throat.  Her face was a mask of despair.  "Tenchi.." was all
she could mouth as she slid off the blade.  With a sickening thud
she collapsed on the ground.  

I finally made it to Tenchi's side and deactivated my own sword.  I
reached out and gently forced his arm down.  He was frozen with
shock.  I couldn't blame him, he had just killed one of the most
important people in his life.

After awhile, the others started to snap out of it.  Tenchi blinked
several times then looked around.  He turned to me, whimpered
something, and then buried his face in my shoulder.  I hugged the
boy and tried to calm him, but I knew that there was nothing I
could do.

Suddenly I became aware of the others around me.  Sasami was at
Aeka's side, trying to get her sister to stand.  Mihoshi was helping,
but both were glancing at the body of Ryoko lying on the ground. 
Ryo-Ohki hopped over, nudged her fallen master several times, and
then gave out a howl of despair.  

After Aeka was helped to her feet, she looked from me to Ryoko
and then to Tenchi.  She didn't know what to say or think, and
frankly I didn't care.  I knew whose fault this was.  Aeka tried to
find some solace in my eyes, but I met her with nothing but disgust
and hatred.  With a gesture, she called the Guardians to take
Ryoko's body away.     

***

Now the laughter has stopped in the household.  Tenchi still
doesn't understand why what happened had to happen.  He doesn't
know who to blame for all of this, and I sympathize with him. 
Sasami has been caring for her sister's wounds all day while
Mihoshi left in the Yagami to report on what has happened.  I took
it upon myself to inform Washu about her daughter.  She just
paused when I told her, no emotion showing on her face.  See
simply nodded, said, "I see" and went about her business.  I'm
trying to take that as a good sign, but right now I just don't know.

Damn my family!  Damn their rules!  This wasn't supposed to
happen, how DARE Aeka..!

I try to calm myself, I try to tell myself that somehow it will all turn
out for the best.  Things in this household seem to have a knack of
fixing themselves.

In the distance, I can hear the sound of thunder...

*****

A quick apology.

First off, I want to apologize for those annoying y umlauts
appearing in my last four postings.  They were due to a transfer
problem and will hopefully not show up again.

Second, TM: Space and Time is taking longer than I had hoped to
get off the ground.  

Also,
Thanks to Brazil for providing a review page for Tenchi fics.  ^_^
For a link, see Gensao's fanfic page (I think.  It's late and I'm not
going to bother searching)

Tenchi & Co. belong to Pioneer and AiC

All C&C to BGlanders@aol.com please.