               Guardian of Juri
                  By Kain-X 
                  Chapter 1   
                The Begining                          
                 
      Our story starts up in space where Razel is trying to reach 
       earth.........

Razel: Computer, how much longer until we reach earth?
Computer: About 60 seconds until we colide with earth.
Razel: !#$*@
Computer:You have 30% chance of surviving the crash.
Razel: !

Meanwhile on earth....
(Aeka walks to the lake)
Aeka: I don't know what to do any more... If only I was given a sign...
(Razel jumps out of the ship and lands in the lake)
Aeka: What kind of sign is this?
Razel:(jumps out of the water) It's been a lomg time, hasn't it Aeka?
Aeka:Razel!
(Aeka jumps onto Razel to sob in his shoulder)
Aeka:(sobbing)I thought I would never see you again! 
Razel:(pats Aeka) It's alright, I came here to see the guardian of this 
planet.
Aeka: You mean Tenchi?
Razel:If he's the guardian.
Aeka:But that must mean,
Razel:(nods his head) I am the guardian of Juri.
Aeka:Then your father...
Razel:He died in battle.
Razel:I need to bring you and Tenchi to Juri.
Aeka: I shall go then
Razel:Fine.Lets go get Tenchi.

After a long talk with Tenchi at the shrine...
Tenchi: You mean that Juri is under attack!
Razel: Technically, Yes
Ryoko:Oh, Tenchi!
Razel: Ryoko the Space Pirate?
Ryoko:Are you thinking of leaving this planet without me?
Tenchi:Uh..well..you see...
Ryoko: And who is the guy with the sword?
Razel: I am Razel, the Guardian of Juri.
Ryoko:Prove it.
Razel:Here try to lift my sword.
Ryoko: Easy!
(Razel's sword drops to the ground)
Ryoko: It must weigh a million tons!
Aeka: Only the guardian of Juri can lift that sword.
Ryoko: Fine,your the real thing.
Razel: Then lets go to Juri!

Meanwhile behind the door...
Mihoshi:Do you hear anything?
Kione: Yeah, they said their going to Juri.
Washu: Then we'll go too!
Sasami: But how?
Ryoki: Meow!
Washu: We'll sneak in as cargo!
(Mihoshi cries)
Mihoshi:I don't want to be cargo!
Kiyone:Too bad!

At Razel's ship

Razel:Have we got all the cargo into the ship?
Tenchi:All but this big one.
Razel:I'll get it!
(Razel picks up Mihoshi & co. in cargo box)
Razel: Why does this cargo have to be so heavy?

Later in space...
(Razel looks at the stars as Aeka comes in)
Razel: The stars look so beautiful in space, don't they Princess?
Aeka: Yes they do.
Razel: It's times like these that make me wonder if the job of guardian
is all worth it.
Aeka:What makes you say that Razel?
Razel: Aeka, when we were mere children, life was peaceful, not a care
in the world ever ecoured to us, just to have fun.
Aeka:Those were the days that we cherished together.
(Aeka cuddles up to Razel)
Razel: But then, war came. We were forced to flee, or stand our ground.
Aeka: Your father had all of the Royal Family of Juri flee.
Razel: After you left, the years passed by,then my father died.
Aeka: Who would do such a thing?
Razel: Zero-X..
Aeka: Who is he?
Razel: A man who still terroizes Juri today. After my fathers death,
I was forced to carry on the title of Guardian of Juri.
Aeka: So that is how you got your title.
Razel: I was only 12 when I carried on the title, but my father had
already taught me a great deal of being a guardian.

Behind the door...
Tenchi: Wow, so thats how Razel knew Aeka.
Ryoko:Yeah,I even knew him as well.
Tenchi:What?
Ryoko: When I was a space pirate, I once hit Juri for a little profit..
(Ryoko goes into a flashback)
Razel:You'll never get away with our treasures!
Ryoko:(laughs) Watch me!
(Ryoko gets into her spaceship and starts to fly away)
Razel: Oh no you don't!
(Razel fires a beam of light from his sword)
Ryoko: Ack!
(Ryoko finishes her flashback)
Tenchi: Wow, Razel is capable of doing that!
Ryoko: Yep,He is the most powerful guy I met.

Back in the room...
Aeka:Razel? What ever happened after I left?
Razel: (sighs) Havac,war. Zero-X attacked
(Aeka gasps)
Razel:It was not a pretty site.
(Aeka & Razel hear a banging under them)
Razel:?
(Razel lifts up the cargo entrance)
Mihoshi:Hello!
Razel:!
Kiyone:Shut up Mihoshi!
Kiyone:Heh,heh. Uh,Hi!
Aeka:What the...
(Tenchi & Ryoko come in)
Tenchi:What are you two doing here?
Sasami:Make that five!
Ryoki:Meow..
Washu:Hello everyone!

Later in the lobby..
Aeka:(angrily)WHAT WERE YOU DOING!
Washu: Trying to help?
Sasami:Follow you?
Mihoshi:Evesdrop?
(Kiyone slaps Mihoshi's mouth shut)
Kiyone:Uh,protect you?
Ryoki:Meow?
(Alarm goes off)
Computer:Warning:Entering Juri amotsphere.
(Everybody Gasps)
Computer: 1:00 to crash.
Mihoshi: We're all going to die!
Razel:Everybody into the escape pods by 2!
Ryoko:Right. C'mon Tenchi!
(Ryoko & Tenchi jump into a pod)
Razel: In each escape pod is a supply pack,Use the watch to keep in touch.
Everybody:Right!
Computer:30 seconds remaining...
(Mihoshi & Kiyone jump into a pod)
Razel:C'mon everybody!
Aeka:I'm going with you,Razel.
Razel:Fine, but what about Sasami?
Sasami:I'll go with Ryoki & Washu!
(Sasami,Washu, and Ryoki jump into a pod)
Razel:Lets go!
(Razel & Aeka jump in the last pod)
Computer:10 seconds remaining..
(Everybody Ejects)
Computer:3..2..1..
(Razel's ship explodes)
(Kiyone appears on Razel & Aeka's pod screen)
Kiyone: Razel,by any chance can you steer this thing?
Razel:No, it will eject us right toward the Jurian Jungle.
Mihoshi:Yay! I always wanted to go to the jungle!
Razel:Kiyone, look out for a man named Zypher.
Kiyone:Sure, what does he look like?
Razel:He has a red cloak, and carries a beam saber.
Kiyone:Galaxy Police are on the patrol!
(Razel salutes Kiyone and signs off)
Aeka:Wasn't Zypher your friend you played with?
Razel:(chuckles)Yes, I told him to be on the lookout for us.
Aeka:When was that?
Razel:Right before we all ejected.
(Razel & Aeka's pod crashes)
Razel:Looks like we landed...
(jumps out and helps Aeka out)
Razel:Whoo-wee! I foget about how nice the jungle looks!
(Message comes in on Razel's Wristwatch)
Tenchi:Razel,We've crashed into the jungle,What do we do now?
Razel:Talk to Kiyone about a man named Zypher.
Tenchi:What shall we do after that?
Razel:Head right to the Palace.
(Razel turns off the watch)
Razel:Now,lets get to the palace!

In the other side of the Jungle...
(Tenchi finishes talking to Kiyone)
Tenchi:Well,be on the look out for a man with a red cloak and a beam saber..
Ryoko:But we don't need him..
Tenchi:Why?
Ryoko:Because, I can teleport straight to the palace!;)
Tenchi:Er..~_~
Ryoko:(grabs Tenchi)Here we go!

On the East side of the Jungle..
Mihoshi:I'm hot and want to go home!(cries)
Kiyone:The things I do to keep up with you Miho-
(Giant Spider jumps in front of Mihoshi & Kiyone)
Kiyone:(quitely)Spider..
Mihoshi:(screams)Spider!
(??? jumps in front of M&K)
???:Don't fret ladies,I'll exterminate this pest!
Kiyone:?
Mihoshi:Yay! Our Hero!
Spider:Screech!(cuts ???'s shoulder)
???:(draws beam saber) Heh-Heh...(slices spider in half)
Kiyone:Who are you?
Mihoshi:He's Batman!
???:No.
Mihoshi:Spider-Man?
???:(sighs)No..
Mihoshi:Then you most be the Galaxy Police Police Man!
???:(angrily)No!
Mihoshi:Superman?
???:Did Razel tell you nothing! I'm...
(??? pulls off cloak)
???:Zypher!
Mihoshi:Yay! So you're Zypher!
Kiyone:Is your shoulder all right?
Zypher:(looks at his shoulder) Yea, just a mere scratch.
Kiyone:Here let me help..
(Kiyone bandages Zypher's shoulder)
Zypher:Thanks..
Kiyone:(thinks)He's handsome.
Zypher:(thinks)She's cute.
Mihoshi:(thinks)I'm hungry..


And so this chapter ends with the aperance of Zypher..
Tenchi and other Characters are regestered by Pioneer
Please don't sue me!
The only characters I own are Razel & Zypher
E-Mail me at scyther-x@juno.com









