Kevin Shiue <shiue@andrew.cmu.edu>


This is part of a large-scale alternate timeline (called Heaven and
Earth) for Tenchi Muyo, part of the work organized by Josh Prismon, so he
deserves credit for this.

This work is an OAV version of Tenchi Muyo in Love.

Standard Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo is copyright of AIC/Pioneer... and this
work is in no way meant to put down the series...

Comments to: shiue@andrew.cmu.edu



___---Tenchi Muyo in Love---___
___---by Kevin Shiue     ---___
___---April 23, 1997     ---___


        Out of chaos, the three goddesses, Tokimi, Tsunami, and Washu,
created the universe, and with it, created a balance.  This balance was
delicate, and before long, was destroyed.  With the balance gone, there
began a power struggle, and after many eons, a truce.  Yet the damage was
done.  Washu did not remember her past.  Tsunami now lived among mortals,
though still a goddess, among mortals.  She became the founding entity of
the Jurai royal trees, and the Jurai dynasty.  Tokimi, too, had her
followers.  Among them was one without a conceivable name in this
universe... a name that could only exist in the higher dimension, where
Tokimi had retreated.  In this universe, they knew him only as Kain.

--

        "Emergency!"
        "Emergency!  The lock on the subspace confinement system has been
destroyed!"
        "The confinement system itself is eroding!"
        "What's the cause?"
        "Whatever it is, it's causing the time axis to desynch!"

        The Galactic Police Headquarters was in chaos.  The officers of
all rank, ran, and ran quickly, to nowhere, as people tried to flee the
impending destruction.  They were all too late, however, and slowly, a
blinding light flashed throughout the headquarters, and within a matter of
minutes, the headquarters slowly blinked out of existence.  No trace of it
was left.  It was no more.
        An indifferent entity shot out of where the GPHQ used to be,
moving with a cause, moving toward a specific place, to get his revenge.
He had finally been freed, after fifteen thousand years, and he wanted
to seek his revenge.  As his amorphous body shot through the light-years
of space between galaxies, he thought with glee at his good fortune, to be
within Lady Tokimi's favor.  Without it, he would not be free at this
time.  Time, though, was no meaning to him.  All that mattered was that he
was free, and he would be able to seek his revenge.

--

        Mihoshi and Kiyone sat in their seats on the GP cruiser in the
backwater part of the Milky Way Galaxy, in the Solar system, one of the
most insignificant places in the universe, well, almost.  It would be
insignificant had the important members of the Jurai Royal Family not
lived here but despite the honor in guarding them, Kiyone was not pleased.
She had trained hard, and had become a top notch officer, and then been
assigned to Mihoshi as her partner.
        "Mmmm" said Mihoshi, to no one in particular, as she sipped on her
hot coffee, and ate her bag of chips.  Her console was a mess from all of
the food wrappers, crumbs, and bits of unrecognizable junk that was
sitting in front of her.  It was a clear violation of GP procedure, but
she got away with it simply because not many criminals came here.
        "Emergency!  Emergency!  Attention All police units!  Class A
criminal Kain has escaped from GPHQ subspace confinement.  Repeat.  Class
A criminal Kain has escaped from GPHQ subspace confinement.  Warning!  He
is extremely powerful.  This message will again repeat in..."
        "Waaahhh!!!!" cried Mihoshi as she spilled her coffee on herself.
Suddenly, Kiyone swept all of the junk off of the console, and typed in
her security code.  A secure frequency to the GPHQ was established.
"Hello?  Hello?  First Class Detective Kiyone reporting... Hello?
Hello..."

--

        In Japan, they saw something that had never been seen there
before.  The sky lit up with hues of red, yellow, and orange, as the
shimmering curtain of light slowly advanced south.  It was the Aurora
Borealis and most people had thought that it could not be seen this far
south.
        In the Masaki House, Tenchi felt strange.  His foot seemed a bit
blurred, and then his hand, and after, he felt an incredibly strange sense
of pain yet, it was not pain, it was doubt.  It was doubt of existence,
the fear of limbo... but it was pain, and as he watched, enthralled, his
entire hand disappeared in front of him, and he screamed.

--

        The black and white screen showed a beautiful young girl walking
on a path in a forest.  Her back was to the audience, as she walked, and
paused, and turned.  Her expression was that of tempered amusement, as she
waved her hands in front of the camera.  She continued to walk, but this
time, the camera moved with her, showing her profile, as she talked and
smiled.

        "8 mm film?" asked Sasami.
        "Yes.  This was what they used back then to take movies.  Father
always liked gadgets" said Tenchi, as he showed Aeka, Ryoko, and Sasami a
film of the past.  The image on the screen smiled, and beckoned the
family to an earlier time.  "...and he especially liked taking movies.  I
suppose that was a good way to pick up my mother."
        "That's your mother?" asked Aeka.
        "Yes"
        "It seems your father has always liked younger women" said Ryoko,
as her hand reached for the cookie bowl.
        "That's because they were both in high school!" yelled Tenchi,
exasperated.
        "Huh?" said Ryoko, as her hand grasped thin air, and turned to
notice that Aeka had removed the cookie bowl from the coffee table, and
held it out of Ryoko's reach.  A tug-o-war began, and insults flew between
the rivals of Tenchi's affection as the others continued to watch.

        The silence of the movie conveyed the perfectness of the image.
Suddenly, the image's lips turned up into a shy smile, her hands
reached up to her cheeks, and her head tilted slightly, as she said
something happily.  Then, her head turned, and, as if fending off some
imaginary criticism, her hands waved back and forth, and she suddenly
disappeared.  A scream pierced the serene quality of the movie as Tenchi
collapsed in pain, knocking over the film projector.  His body flickered,
and suddenly flew up into the air.  His body was plucked out of the air by
the glowing green criss-cross of a force net.  The lines of the net were
roughly a foot apart, and the four corners were attached to some unseen
anchor.  A look of sheer agony was etched on Tenchi's face, and his body
was mashed against the foot-wide field.
        "Tenchi-nichan!" yelled Sasami, in concern.
        "What?" questioned Aeka and Ryoko, who immediately forgot about
their argument as the object of their rivalry was in danger.  Other than
being in the awkward position he was in, Tenchi seemed to be all right,
though.

        "I have confirmed this without a doubt" said Washu, who had just
seemingly materialized from nowhere in particular.  "There is a problem...
in the past!"
        "Huh?" said everyone in unison.
        "The reason Tenchi is disappearing is that something happened to
his mother twenty six years ago in the past.  The Masaki family died out,
and Tenchi was never born!"
        As she spoke, the environment around the group changed.  No longer
were they in a cozy room in a modern house, but among ramshackle ruins of
an ancient, old-fashioned house.  The weather outside was stormy, with
gusty winds, thunder and lightening, and leaves and twigs flew in the
gale-like wind.
        "Luckily, I detected this, and while you (pointing to Aeka and
Ryoko) were fighting, I set up this force field to prevent the
desynchronization of the time axis from affecting us.  However, it can't
last forever, and the change in Tenchi's past will spread outward, and
change all of our pasts, and, eventually change history itself!"
        "Is there anything we can do?" asked Aeka, as Ryoko and Sasami
nodded vigorously.
        "Yes!  We need to go back, and protect Tenchi's mother."
        "I'm sorry I'm causing all this trouble" said Tenchi with
difficulty, as all the blood rushed to his head, still embedded in the
bluegreen field.

--

        "Ah, I wonder what that was all about," thought Kiyone, as she
prepared to sleep that night.  The day's occurrence had been bizarre
indeed.  She had not been able to contact GPHQ, and had seen a strange
sight: a black form flitted across the viewscreen, and circled the Earth
twice before disappearing.
        "Wasn't that strange, today?" asked Kiyone to Mihoshi, who was now
completely asleep, and hadn't heard a thing Kiyone said.  Mihoshi was
sprawled on top of her blanket, since apparently she had just fallen
asleep before planning to.  Kiyone tucked Mihoshi in, and then, herself
got in bed, when she suddenly heard a voice calling.
        "Oi!  We need your help.  You're coming with us..."
        As Ryoko approached Kiyone, Kiyone began to exclaim "WHY ME?" as
her face contorted itself into a painful grimace, and she realized that,
there was no escaping...

--

        In Washu's lab, everyone had been strapped into her time traveling
machine.  It was very impressive, with a traveling ring on the ground that
had several metal stands in which to place people for travel.  On the
enormously spaced ceiling were antennas of all types, and rods made of
different exotic metals, all connected by wires along the wall, in which
consoles of different color and lighting flashed unknown symbols.  Washu
herself was seated in the center of the entire arrangement, as she typed
into her infinitely light and invisible keyboard.  Around her head were
tinted glasses which displayed all information she needed to know about
the procedure, with strange graphs and displays flashing, mirror imaged,
out of her eyes.

        "Why do I have to come along?" asked Kiyone, and her question
remained unanswered, as Washu gave final instructions.  "There is only
enough power to last one week, so you need to do whatever you can by that
time."
        Washu started the machine, and the work of a genius went into
motion, as everyone except Washu, strapped into their respective seats,
began to rotate, accelerating at a leisurely pace.

        "Though I don't know exactly when something happens to Tenchi's
mother, I am 85% sure it occurs during this time.  Also, Tenchi, you need
to avoid contact with your mother at all costs.  The time paradox is
extremely high."
        "Hai!" said Tenchi in affirmation.
        The speed increased, and each person flashed in front of Washu in
an increasing rate.
        "Why do I always get involved?" asked Kiyone.
        "I'm sorry for causing all this trouble." said Tenchi.
        Ryoko looked smug, as Aeka glared at her.
        "I'm getting sick" said Sasami, with Ryo-Ohki miyaa-ing in assent.
        "zzzz" said Mihoshi.

        The spinning increased, and increased, and sparks began to form,
and fly, as the energy flowed from the ceiling to the floor, and the room
brightened to the level of the sun, and everyone screamed in agony as the
spinning increased.

        "Remember, you only have one week!" warned Washu, and zip.  They
were gone.

--

        In a particular high school, during a particular time, a new
teacher came in to teach.  Her name was Mihoshi-sensei, and she was
introduced to the class by the principal.  As the class started, two new
students entered the classroom.  They were introduced, as Jurai Aeka, and
Washu Ryoko, two transfer students, who lived quite a distance from the
school.  Luckily for them, the father of one of the students was amenable
to hosting them, as it was too far to commute to the school.
Unfortunately, the student herself did not know of this development.

        Halfway through the school day, the lunch period began, and before
Nobuyuki had a chance to start his lunch, Achika had already finished, and
was hailing a friend of hers.  As she walked past, she glanced at
Nobuyuki, and smiled, and waved, as Nobuyuki smiled back.  The two had
begun to flirt.

        "Hey Aeka" said Ryoko.
        "What?" asked Aeka, as the two ate their lunch.
        "Amazing, isn't it?  Tenchi's old man over there..." continued
Ryoko, pointing in Nobuyuki's direction, "to see him when he's young, he
looks exactly like Tenchi...doesn't he?"
        "Well, it's not too late, you know." said Aeka, "Father is still
single, you know."
        An image of Nobuyuki in his current condition, the pervert that he
was in the 1990's was strikingly different that the young adolescent
seated in his chair.  Ryoko was not pleased.
        "What?  I'm not talking about that dirty old man.  I'm talking
about Tenchi's father as we see him in the past."
        "What are you talking about?" asked Aeka, "You know what?  If
Father never marries Mother... Tenchi will never even be born, will he?"
        "I know that." replied Ryoko, and then with a snide snicker, "And
just when did Father and Mother become your parents anyway?"
        "Well, we'll just have to let the future" said Aeka calmly and
confidently, "take care of itself, won't we?"
        "Huh! Are you stupid? It won't happen." interjected Ryoko, as she
swiftly stood up and slammed her hands on her desk.
        "What? I don't wanna be told by somebody stupid!" shouted Aeka, as
she too stood up.

        And the entire classroom stared at the two, as their eyes met and
sparked.  And they started laughing.
        "It was nothing..."

        And they sat down with a humph.

--

        Class resumed, and throughout the class Nobuyuki and Achika would
steal glances from each other... the two where definitely getting along,
and there was magic.  Achika sighed contentedly, and turned to look out
the window, and as Mihoshi-sensei began to teach the story of the Demon of
Rashomon, she noticed a strange boy with a baseball cap and rattail
crouching outside, looking in.  As he noticed her, he dove behind a nearby
bush.  "That's strange," Achika thought, as she returned her attention to
the class, just as someone spoke up and mentioned that they had already
covered this story.

        "What??" questioned Mihoshi, as she collapsed to the ground, and,
behind the desk, began crying.  "This is the only earth story I know...
what am I going to do??..."

--

        Outside the classroom, Tenchi and Sasami sat behind a bush and
talked.  "That sure was close," said Tenchi.  "Okay, let's get going.
We're supposed to meet at the house after school.  It's probably better
if... ARRRGH!"  Suddenly, Tenchi felt a stinging pain, and his body fuzzed
and blurred, as he convulsed in sheer agony.
        "Tenchi-nichan!" cried Sasami, as she removed her backpack, and
allowed the force-net to activate.  Tenchi remained on the net for a
minute, and when he returned to normal, the intricate wiring and machinery
all collapsed in on itself, and put itself away in Sasami's backpack.

        When it was established that Tenchi was indeed all right, the two
began walking toward the house.  About now Aeka and Ryoko should have
returned, to watch over Achika, and Kiyone and Mihoshi should be meeting
with them there.  So far so good.

--

        Though it was almost dark, there was enough light for everyone to
see each other... as they sat in the forest right outside the old house.
Ryoko and Aeka had made some lame excuse to get out of the house, so there
they were, as this was the time Sasami was to receive a message from
Washu.
        Sasami put on a pair of dark glasses, which then began to glow,
and a 3 dimensional image of Washu popped up.
        "Oh good, you're all safe." was the first thing that Washu said.
        "What do you mean?" asked Aeka.
        "I wasn't even 100% sure that you'd all get there... it's a tricky
business..." answered Washu, as everyone collapsed in shock.
        "When and where will mother disappear?" asked Tenchi, as he
approached the glasses closer, and his face twisted in concern.
        "I still don't have all the information, but I've confirmed it's
within the next six days.  And that it may have to do with the mysterious
disappearance of the Galactic Police Headquarters."

--

        That night, Sasami, Tenchi, Kiyone, and Mihoshi camped out, as
Ryoko and Aeka slept in the Masaki household.  All was quiet.  Quiet,
except in Sasami's mind, where her thoughts tumbled in turmoil.
        "You must stop Kain..." said Tsunami, as the minds melded together
as one.  Sasami was still Sasami, yet, she was different... her knowledge
now surpassed her years, and her wisdom was that of an ancient one.
        "Yes, but who is Kain?  What does he do?" asked Sasami.
        "He is one who is seeking revenge for his capture many, many years
ago.  During that time, he had destroyed many planets, many civilizations,
having so much power he had no feeling for life.  It was then the Juraian
King, in cooperation with the Galaxy Police, and... they captured him,
using Juraian energy..."
        "But, there's something more important... I can feel it." said
Sasami, as fear in her increased and her mind became more agitated.  She
was in obsidian darkness, facing her future self.
        Tsunami sighed.  "Yes, I did not want you to worry at this time,
but it seems I must tell you.  I was there, and I helped the Juraian
Emperor in that capture, perhaps interfering where I should not have.  You
see, Kain is one who was a servant of Lady Tokimi, before D3.  His release
at this time is no surprise, as another with equal amounts of power has
appeared: that is Achika.  Indirectly, you, too, are affected, for without
Tenchi, your future is in doubt.  And in this way, I would be affected,
for without Tenchi's inherent energy, I cannot continue to support the
Juraian dynasty."
        "No," said Tsunami, sensing Sasami's question, "Lady Tokimi would
not actively send Kain against us... that would be a violation of the
truce.  However, she released him knowing full well who Kain's first
target would be."
        And as the dream faded, Sasami heard her name being called.
"Sasami... Sasami, it's time to wake up."  It was Tenchi.
        "Tenchi-nichan, I had a terrible dream..."

--

        "Whaaaaahhh! There's a school field trip tomorrow!!" cried Mihoshi
in disbelief as the other faculty members stared at her... as tears of
helplessness welled up in her eyes.

--

        "What? We have a school trip tomorrow?" asked Aeka and Ryoko in
unison.
        "Yes, that's why we divided into groups in class today." answered
Achika.  Aeka and Ryoko looked at each other in disbelief.  Fortunately,
they needed to meet with everyone later today outside again, to plan.

        Outside, Kiyone and Mihoshi were already waiting, as Sasami
clinging on to Tenchi approached.  "Mother is inside, right?  Everything's
okay?" asked Tenchi.
        "Yes, but, first, I think we should go over what we know." said
Kiyone in her usual business-like tone.  "First of all, has anyone noticed
anything strange, no matter how trivial?"
        "Well, come to think of it, yes..." said Mihoshi.  "Today during
lunch they served noodle bread, which is normally the first to be sold
out, but there were actually (counting on her fingers) one... two...
three... pieces left... don't you think that's odd?  I mean..."
        The others fell in disbelief.  But then again, Kiyone had
mentioned "no matter how trivial."  Typical Mihoshi.  As everyone regained
their composure, Tenchi suddenly collapsed again, shrieking in torment.
The force-net popped out of Sasami's bag, again, and Tenchi was again
stuck to it for a few minutes.
        "Wait, but if we're all here, then where's Achika?"

        The wild goose chase began.
        Four girls ran in four different directions.  Aeka ran back
toward the house, Ryoko searched the surrounding area, Sasami and Mihoshi
ran toward the forest, and Kiyone remained, having not had contact with
Achika.
        Ryoko spotted her first.  Achika was standing on a dirt
path overlooking a beautiful pond, across which was her house.  "Whew...
guess that wasn't too bad..." and as she stepped forward from behind to
try to talk to Achika, when her arm was jerked back, by Aeka.  "Don't
bother them," she said, and Ryoko then noticed that Nobuyuki was there
also, drawing on a pad of paper.  They could not hear much, but then they
saw Achika grab the pad away from Nobuyuki, and flipped through it.  Both
were laughing, and their eyes were bright.  Achika pointed to a portion of
the drawing, and Nobuyuki said something in return; but it was
significant, as her face reddened, and he drew into the pad.  Nobuyuki
then got up, and the two walked away, down the path, toward the lower part
of the hill.
        "They're having fun without us," said Ryoko with a pout.
        "Well, we have to go tell the others..." said Aeka, turning and
walking back.

--

        "Okay, returning to the events of the day..." said Kiyone.
        Aeka reported that they were going on a trip the next day, and as
Sasami began to report her dream, Washu interrupted with a holographic
announcement.
        "I have pinpointed the time to be within the next three days.  And
I now know also where it will occur.  It will be in Tokyo."
        "Um... where are we going tomorrow?" asked Mihoshi.
        "Tokyo," said Ryoko, as Tenchi gaped in shock, and Mihoshi
temporarily involuntarily lay on the ground.

        Everyone prepared for the trip.  Nobuyuki packed his movie
equipment, knowing he would want to take pictures.  Achika, Ryoko, and
Aeka had the standard clothing and toiletries to pack, while for Mihoshi,
Kiyone, Tenchi, and Sasami, there was no difference in procedure, as they
had been camping out for the past three days already.  Kiyone, though,
would not be going to Tokyo, little did she know...

--

        That night, while Kiyone was bathing, she suddenly materialized in
Washu's lab.
        "You could've at least given me a warning before bringing me
back!" exclaimed Kiyone indignantly, as a towel flitted down from
somewhere unknown.
        "I need your help.  We need to establish who exactly is going to
attack Achika, so we can prepare for it," said Washu, "and I figured that
you have access to the GP log files?"
        "Yes, but that won't be necessary.  It's somewhat complicated, but
I'll explain the best I can.  You see, through Sasami, Tsunami has told
us that..."
        "Who? Did you say?" asked Washu, her face growing serious.
        "Tsunami...? Why? What is wrong?"
        "I seem to recall the name from somewhere," said Washu, but then
her continence lightened again.  "Oh well. Continue..."
        "It appears that Kain, the criminal who completely destroyed the
GP headquarters, is out for revenge on Achika, because of an event that
occurred fifteen thousand years ago.  Kain was captured by the King of
Jurai at that time, with Tsunami's hel..."
        "Wait!  I must find out who this Tsunami is...  I just don't
remember... I just can't remember..." said Washu, her little head shaking
in disgust.  Kiyone became worried, but said nothing.

--

        Everyone except Kiyone was on the train to Tokyo, the students
being eager to go, and the Tenchi gang dreading the day, when they would
have to figure out a way to combat Kain.

        The train trip itself was uneventful, with the possible exception
of the small argument between Ryoko and Aeka, resulting in a five hour
delay.  In the end, everyone got to the hotel.  However, everyone was
frazzled in the meantime.

--

        The next morning, the first sight they were to see was Tokyo
Tower, and since Tenchi, Sasami, Ryoko, Aeka and Mihoshi hadn't heard from
Washu, they assumed everything was going to be all right.  After all,
Washu would warn them if there was something wrong.

        Little did they know.
        Of course, being discrete, Tenchi and Sasami had gotten on the
elevator with Achika, as it was finally a situation in which Tenchi could
watch over his mother without arousing suspicion.  The elevator was full
of people, and slowly made its way up.
        Suddenly, the ground shook, and the sky darkened.  An amorphous
blackness shot across the elevator's view, and circled the tower.  "Wait,
he's here already?  That's Kain?"
        The elevator stopped, as a large gaping hole was blown in the
side.  In fear, students and chaperones poured out of the elevator, and as
Nobuyuki, Achika, Sasami, and Tenchi ran toward the stairs Kain's cold
breath froze all of the other students... and Nobuyuki was among them, as
he lagged behind the others.  His frozen expression of worry stuck to
Achika's mind, as she rushed back to try to do something... anything, for
the one she loved.  Sasami stayed back, in fear.

        A dark menacing voice spoke from the void that was Kain, "The
blood of Jurai, the reason of my suffering."  Kain advanced upon Tenchi,
Achika and Nobuyuki, but shouted in annoyance as bursts of energy
pinpointed his body.
        "Stay away from Tenchi!" Ryoko yelled, as Ryoko and Aeka
hovered, and attacked Kain.  "Quickly, up the stairs," Tenchi yelled at a
frightened Achika.  Achika and Sasami took hold of Nobuyuki, and dragged
him up the steps, to keep him out of danger.
        As the threesome worked its way up the stairs, Aeka and Ryoko were
busy dodging Kain's attack.  Aeka threw herself at Kain, only to have the
energy of her attack pushed back at her.  Aeka passed out and begam to
plumment to the ground before Ryoko grabbed her, and kept Aeka from
plunging to her death.  The edges of Kain's mouth lifted, as he unleashed
a barrage of energy, which slammed Ryoko and Aeka into the ground, and
out of commision.

        Tenchi's expression from worry changed to that of anger, and he
drew Tenchi-ken, his sword of light.
        "You are of the House of Jurai..." said Kain, in a low grumbling
voice, "I can feel it... " and he began to laugh.  Kain reached out with
one of two white hands, gigantic hands, and reached for Tenchi.  Tenchi
slashed at the hand, but to no avail, for, before he was able to reach it,
it reached him, and struck him, full force, and he flew and hit the wall
behind Achika and Nobuyuki.
        "Who is this boy?" though Achika, wondering what was going on in
the world around her.  She never imagined something this terrible.
        "Noooo!!!" cried Tenchi, as he got on his feet again, his energy
driven by anger, and he ran forward to fight, and was knocked back again.
        "Don't touch my mother!!!" shouted Tenchi, his blood boiling as he
staggered to the ledge, and got into a defensive stance, his sword
extended in front of him.
        "Who..." thought Achika, and then it came back to her.  The boy by
the window of the school; the boy attempting to hide, though it was
futile, behind the tree at home, he was her son.  As Achika's mind was
opened to an entirely new world, she rose, and the power emanating from
her body shattered windows, as she said resolutely, "I will not allow it."
        Kain was delighted.  In this one opportunity he would be able to
rid the House of Jurai the two most powerful people in this epoch, and
also completely rid himself of the pain in his side called Tsunami, for
she would not be able to stop him this time... not this time, for she had
lost significant power from the damage from last time.  No, this time,
would be his sweet victory, even more assured as Tenchi collapsed in pain,
his resolution fading.
        "I will never allow it." repeated Achika, as her arms unfolded,
and in front of her, a glow appeared, which solidified into a solitary
Light Hawk Wing.  Kain struck, but was thwarted, as the shield that
enveloped Tenchi and Achika was strong.  Kain struck again, but to no
avail, but the shield was clearly weakening.
        Suddenly, Sasami ran forward, and she reached up and held onto
Achika's hand, and stooped to hold on to Tenchi's hand, her mind
temporarily strengthened by Tsunami.  A link between Sasami and Tsunami
openned, and as the three held hands, the one fading Light Hawk Wing split
into fourteen, as Achika pulsated in the energy.  Tenchi remained
unconscious.
        Kain was impressed.  "This energy," he said, "is greater than
that possible by the House of Jurai!" as the Light Hawk Wings bolted
forward, and the bright energy disintegrated him, completely destroyed
him.  "Tokimi!  The boy..." was the last words to leave Kain's mind.

--

        "Tokimi!" suddenly stung Washu's mind, as she heard a word
that seemed oddly familiar, but wasn't.

--

        In Tokyo, the students had been restored, as half of the class,
or, everyone on that elevator, had been taken to the hospital.  In the
newspapers, there was news of some damage to Tokyo Tower, but there was
surprisingly little details.
        Their job done, Washu brought everyone back to the 1990's, and
dropped Kiyone off there as well.  Afterward, in her mind, ideas flitted,
and fit together, and then, she realized where all the energy that was
able to defeat Kain came from.  It hadn't just been generated by Achika,
nor just Tenchi.
        "Tsunaaaammmmiiiiii!!!!!!"

--

        It had been five years since Tenchi was born, and that fateful
day, Achika was playing with him, giving all the motherly attention she
could.  Ever since the incident in Tokyo, though she remained cheery in
personality, in reality her body was weak.  She knew that nobody should
know of what happened, so told no one.  Thus, it was a surprise to
everyone, except herself, when she suddenly fell, her head dizzy, and her
body uncontrollable.  They placed her on a wheelchair, and for the next
few days, she could only do things with help.  Nobuyuki, who had already
been particularly kind, was terrified of the circumstances, unknowing of
the events fourteen years ago.  And though he did not know, he could sense
that Achika was in intense pain, as tears would well out of her eyes
whenever she moved.  Her pain was not just physical, however.  She knew
that, when Tenchi would need her most, she wouldn't be there for him.
        As her mind faded, Nobuyuki sat faithfully at her side, and she
looked at him with a smile in her eyes.  Tears welled up for the last
time; her eyes closed, and her body went limp.  Nobuyuki screamed,
"Noooo!!!!!"

        For the next few days, family friends took care of Tenchi, as
Nobuyuki was in no condition to do so.  He refused to eat, refused to
sleep, and refused to admit that Achika was dead.  Yosho continued to
console him, and prod him into returning back to normal, and one day said
"Achika in heaven wouldn't want to see you depressed like this..."
and something in Nobuyuki's mind snapped.  He picked up a new hobby:
collecting manga.  Unfortunately, it wasn't the manga that's
particularly appropriate for young children.  Nobuyuki had changed
personalities... irreversibly...

--

        "I always wonder" said Tenchi to everyone, back at home "what
happened while I fainted."
        "Tenchi-nichan's mother protected him" said Sasami, with a cute
little smile.
        "Wow..." said Tenchi in admiration, but in realization, his smile
turned serious, "though, perhaps, the reason that her life was cut short
was that she couldn't handle all of the energy she produced to protect
me..."
        Sasami looked toward the ground.
