HanaMegami Surfaces <Part 1>

By Bart "Ryokoholic" Walls

Tenchi Muyo! is a c of Pioneer and AIC. I'm not associated with either
organization, all the characters involved are property to them. This is
meant for fan enjoyment and not for profit or my own personal gain m'kay?

Akumegami and Hana-Ohki however DO belong to me so if you wanna use them,
remember the proper c info m'kay?

Akumegami looks down at her cup of tea and then back at the blonde cabbit on
her shoulder.

Akumegami (thinking)-"5 days ago we weren't like this Hana-Ohki.you were a
crystal from the old Ryo-Ohki.I was nine years old.it all started with
Washu's experiment."

5 days ago.

We open in Washu's lab. Tenchi is seen standing next to Little Ryoko.

Washu-"You see honey, the gems in your wrists are powerful. But I'd like to
know HOW powerful they are.I was never able to conduct a test on them before
I created you."

L. Ryoko-"Will it hurt?"

Washu-"Well."

Little Ryoko hides behind Tenchi.

Tenchi-"She's just kidding Ryoko-chan! Aren't you Little Washu?"

Washu-"Of course! I wouldn't do anything that would hurt my own daughter!"

L. Ryoko-"Well ok."

Outside we see a crystal from the old Ryo-Ohki in the lake emerge. It turns
from its crystal form into a cabbit. But something different happened this
time.instead of being an exact copy of Ryo-Ohki, the cabbit was smaller,
blonde and it had a green gem on its head. The cabbit's eyes opened showing
her dark green eyes.

Akumegami (voice over/thinking)-"Yup, that's where you were born.this went
unnoticed by everyone.except Ryo-Ohki."

Ryo-Ohki-"MIYOW!!! MIYOW!!!"

Sasami-"Huh? What's going on Ryo-Ohki?"

Ryo-Ohki-"Miyaaaaaaaaaaaaa.!!!!"

The cabbit's fur stood on end and she extended her teeth in a cat like
fashion. Something was wrong, but only she was noticing this.she thought of
signaling Ryoko but decided not to.her "sister" was probably thinking about
Tenchi-san again.

Washu-"Power at maximum.now.GO!"

Little Ryoko forms a ball of energy in her hand and fires it at Tenchi who
deflects it. Thankfully he had finally learned to master enough of his Jurai
Power to create the Light Hawk Wings to shield himself from the blasts.

Washu-"Well that test is finished. You can go now Ryoko-chan."

L. Ryoko-"Ok thanks Mommy!"

Little Ryoko goes out of the lab. Tenchi walks over to Washu .

Tenchi-"So , what are the results?"

Washu-"Well Tenchi-san.it appears that she has most of the power of the
original gems.but there's something strange about these readings."

Tenchi-"How so Washu-chan?"

Washu-"Well you see, when I tested Ryoko's power a few thousand years ago
the gems were powerful, pure power.but these gems in Ryoko-chan are
different.I'm not sure why but it seems that her full potential isn't being
given out."

Tenchi-"So you're assuming that her power isn't complete?"

Washu-"Exactly, she shouldn't be as strong as Ryoko but she should be close
to Ryoko's strength."

Tenchi-"Of course at this point she would be stronger than her sister
because of how Ryoko only has one of her gems and two artificial ones."

Washu-"Exactly, you should really give her those back Tenchi-san.what if we
ever have to deal with another being as powerful as Kagato?"

Tenchi-"Let me think about it all right?"

Washu-"Very well, the Tenchi-Ken is yours after all."

Akumegami (voice over/thinking)-"Of course Tenchi-san had to do it.because
of what happened."

4 days ago.

Little Ryoko is seen out in the woods, she is looking at Ryoko's cave.

L. Ryoko-"So this is oneesan's cave.wow."

Little Ryoko looks over her shoulder as there is a rustling in the bushes.

L. Ryoko-"Nani? Who's there?"

The small cabbit hops out of the bushes.

L. Ryoko-"Ryo-Ohki?"

Cabbit-"Rrrrrrrrrrrrreow."

The cabbit let out a low growl and its fur stood on end. Little Ryoko goes
up to it and allows it to sniff her hand. The cabbit sniffs it cautiously.

L. Ryoko-"Don't worry, I won't hurt you."

Cabbit-"Miya!"

The cabbit leaps onto her shoulder and perches itself there.

L. Ryoko-"Wow! A cabbit just like Ryo-Ohki! Now I can have one like my big
sister!"

Cabbit-"Miya."

L. Ryoko-"But what should your name be.? I've got it !Hana-Ohki!"

Hana-Ohki-"Miya!"

Hana-Ohki (voice over/thinking)-"MIYA!"

Akumegami (voice over/thinking)-"Heh, that's right. Where you and I met. Boy
was Washu in for a surprise."

L. Ryoko-"Okaasan! Look what I found in the woods!"

Washu-"Huh? What is it dear I.WHOA!"

Washu quickly looks at the cabbit.

Washu-"Where did you get this?!"

L. Ryoko-"Well I just saw her in the woods."

Washu-"But how could this be possible.I'm the only one with the knowledge to
make a cabbit/ship like Ryo-Ohki! Unless.this is a crystal from the old
Ryo-Ohki! "

Washu runs from the room screaming for Ryo-Ohki.

L. Ryoko-"Hana-Ohki? What is okaasan talking about?"

Hana-Ohki leaps back onto Little Ryoko's shoulder. She descends to Little
Ryoko's hand.

L. Ryoko-"What are you doing?"

Hana-Ohki-"MIYA!"

The small cabbit looks deep into Little Ryoko's gem on her left wrist.

L. Ryoko-"Yes, that's one of my gems."

Suddenly the cabbit begins to glow. The gem begins to glow as well. Soon
even Little Ryoko is glowing.

L. Ryoko-"What are you.what's going on?"

Little Ryoko suddenly collapses. The glow drops from her and the cabbit. But
her gems are still glowing.Washu runs in the room with Ryo-Ohki.

Washu-"This should solve our.nani?! Ryoko-chan?"

Ryo-Ohki-"Miya."

Ryo-Ohki glares at Hana-Ohki. Hana-Ohki isn't sure what to make of the glare
as she sits on the table. Washu picks up Little Ryoko.

Washu-"Ryoko-chan? Ryoko-chan?! What happened here?!"

Katsuhito-"What's going on?"

Katsuhito walks through Washu's open lab door. She looks at him.

Washu-"Lord Katsuhito! Something strange happened here! A new cabbit showed
up and when I went to get Ryo-Ohki to help me, Ryoko-chan passed out!"

Katsuhito-"Hmm, Miss Washu this is an interesting problem."

Katsuhito examines Little Ryoko's hand.

Katsuhito-"Washu.look at this."

Washu-"Hmm?"

Washu looks at Little Ryoko's gem.

Washu-"It's glowing! Ryoko-chan! What happened?!"

L. Ryoko-"Okaasan.?"

Katsuhito-"She's regaining consciousness."

Washu-"Ryoko-chan! I was worried about you!"

Katsuhito-"Are you all right Ryoko-chan? What exactly happened.?"

L. Ryoko-"Well Hana-Ohki begin to look at my gem and suddenly she started
glowing! Then I was glowing too and so were my gems.then I passed out."

Washu-"You naughty little thing! You were trying to assimilate my daughter!"

Hana-Ohki-"Miya!"

The cabbit nods happily as though she doesn't even know that Washu is angry.

Katsuhito-"Washu, why don't I take Ryoko-chan? I'll make sure she gets some
rest and recovers."

Washu-"All right Lord Katsuhito.I have a few questions for this cabbit."

Katsuhito picks Little Ryoko up and sets her on his shoulders. Washu and
Ryo-Ohki stay behind as Katsuhito walks out to the living room.

Washu-"Now Ryo-Ohki, tell me the truth.is this cabbit part of you?"

The cabbit nods.

Washu-"Well it seems she has her own free will now, there's nothing I can do
to get her back into her crystal form.but it seems she has something in
mind.Ryo-Ohki; can you read her mind? What is she thinking?"

Ryo-Ohki-"Miyow!"

Ryo-Ohki begins to "read" Hana-Ohki's mind. The cabbit falls back in fright
and begins frantically miya-ing.

Washu-"What?! She's trying to take over the universe?!?! You ARE naughty! I
should dispose of you now, but you don't appear to have that much power at
all."

Akumegami (thinking/voice over)-"Boy was that a mistake! I remember she
figured you'd just go away.but you didn't."

Washu-"Now go! Shoo!"

Hana-Ohki-"Miya?"

Washu-"Get out! Go away!"

The cabbit hops away, confused at Washu's irritation. Washu sighs and begins
to go to the shrine. As she arrives there she goes into the office where
Katsuhito and Little Ryoko are.

Katsuhito-".and that is how the Masaki shrine was established.ah, Miss
Washu. Your daughter seems to be doing fine now."

L. Ryoko-"What happened to Hana-Ohki?"

Washu-"I shooed her away. She was a BAD cabbit!"

L. Ryoko-"How can you be sure of that?"

Washu-"Ryo-Ohki read her mind, do you know what she intends to do?!"

Katsuhito-"Take over the universe perhaps?"

Washu-"Take over the.how'd you know?"

Katsuhito-"Hmm, lucky guess I suppose."

Akumegami (voice over/ thinking)-"The very next day, you came back.as if you
never listened to her at all."

3 days ago.

Once more we see Little Ryoko out in the woods. She is looking at the lake
outside the Masaki home from a large tree. Suddenly Hana-Ohki appears next
to her.

L. Ryoko-"Huh? How'd you get up here?"

Hana-Ohki-"MIYA!"

L. Ryoko-"Oh, you hopped up here? You must be a high jumper then!"

Hana-Ohki nods happily.

L. Ryoko-"I don't see why okaasan thought you were so bad! I don't think
there's anything wrong with you!"

Meanwhile.Ryoko's fist slams on the table.

Ryoko-"But why do I have to look for her?!"

Ayeka-"Well she is YOUR sister after all."

Ryoko-"Washu, she's probably in her cave looking at her pictures again!
That's all and nothing more!"

Washu-"I already checked there Ryoko. Ryoko-chan is not there."

Ryoko-"Grr, fine! I'll look for her!"

Ryoko grumbles as she phases through the ceiling and out of the house. Ayeka
looks over at Washu.

Ayeka-"Miss Washu, why are you concerned about where Ryoko-chan is? I'm sure
she's fine."

Washu-"Well Miss Ayeka, knowing her she's with that little demon cabbit
again."

Ayeka-"Demon cabbit?"

Washu-"There's a cabbit named Hana-Ohki on the loose. I'm assuming she wants
to assimilate with Ryoko-chan and then take over the universe."

Ayeka gasps. Meanwhile we see Ryoko floating around.

Ryoko-"Ryoko-chan?! Where in Kami-sama's name are you?! I know you're
somewhere! Come out! Washu is worried!"

Ryoko grumbles.

Ryoko-"Stupid brat.making me get out and look for her.RYOKO-CHAN!!!"

L. Ryoko-"Do you hear that Hana-Ohki? It's oneechan! I'm over here!"

Ryoko floats over to the two.

Ryoko-"C'mon. We're going home."

L. Ryoko-"But what about.?"

Ryoko-"Never mind her."

Ryoko grabs Little Ryoko and teleports back to the Masaki household.

Washu-"Was she?"

Ryoko-"Yes she was."

Washu-"Ryoko-chan! Stay away from that cabbit! She's bad!"

L. Ryoko-"But."

Washu-"No buts, I mean it!"

Akumegami (voice over/thinking)-"That really made me sad, the fact that she
thought you were evil! Well at that time you were."

Hana-Ohki (voice over/thinking)-"Miya."

Later that day we see Mihoshi walking around in the forest, trying to find
some flowers that she can place in the window sill as a thank you gift for
Tenchi allowing her to stay here.

Mihoshi-"Oh wow! Look at these ones! They're so pretty!"

Mihoshi begins picking the flowers. She suddenly grabs something furry.

Mihoshi-"Huh? A furry flower? That's new."

She pulls it out of the bed of flowers. She has discovered she is grabbing
hold of Hana-Ohki's ear.

Mihoshi-"Oh wow! You look like Ryo-Ohki! I wonder if Washu would want to see
this.? Well I'll take it home with me!"

Mihoshi places Hana-Ohki on her shoulder and merrily skips home with her
basket of flowers. She gets to the house and slams into the door.

Mihoshi-"Ow.I think I should've kept my eyes open when I was skipping."

Mihoshi rubs her head and then gets up and walks in.

Mihoshi-"I'm back! I've got some pretty flowers for you Tenchi! I've got a
little cabbit too!"

She looks around confused. Hana-Ohki leaps from Mihoshi's shoulder and jumps
away.

Mihoshi-"Um, where is everyone? Do you know where they are.hey! Where'd you
go?"

Mihoshi looks all around her shoulder area trying to find the cabbit.
Meanwhile we see Hana-Ohki secretly hop into Washu's lab. She sneaks into
Little Ryoko's dimensional cave by going through the entrance. There she
hides under a bed. At this point Tenchi walks into the lab.

Tenchi-"Ryoko-chan? Where are you? Washu is looking for you.are you in your
room?"

L. Ryoko-"Nope I'm right here!"

Tenchi jumps back as Little Ryoko appears in his face upside down.

Tenchi-"You freaked me out there.your mother's looking for you."

L. Ryoko-"Oh, can you tell her to wait? I'm gonna go to my room for a little
while.I.have some stuff to think about."

Tenchi-"All right, I'll tell her for you."

L. Ryoko-Arigatou Tenchi-san!"

Tenchi smiles and walks from the room. Little Ryoko phases into her room and
sits down on the bed.

L. Ryoko-"Man.I know Hana-Ohki isn't evil.I just wish I could prove it to
okaasan."

Hana-Ohki-"Miya!"

L. Ryoko-"Hana-Ohki?!"

The cabbit leaps out from the bed.

L. Ryoko-"I was just talking about you.you'd never do anything to take over
the universe would you.? You're not evil.you're a sweet little cabbit.like
Ryo-Ohki."

Hana-Ohki hops on her shoulder and begins nuzzling Little Ryoko. Little
Ryoko smiles.

L. Ryoko (thinking)-"This cabbit couldn't do anything evil.could she?"

Suddenly, the glow returns to Hana-Ohki, Little Ryoko and her gems. Little
Ryoko watches in fright as the glow intensifies. Little Ryoko falls to the
ground in pain.

L. Ryoko-"Why.why are you doing this H-Hana-Ohki.?"

Meanwhile.

Washu-"She went to her room did she? Well I guess I'll just let her think
about things before we talk."

Tenchi-"I knew you'd understand Washu-chan."

Mihoshi-"Dr. Washu! Tenchi-san!"

Tenchi-"What is it Mihoshi?"

Mihoshi-"Have you seen a little blonde cabbit running through here?"

Tenchi-"A blonde.cabbit."

Washu-"HANA-OHKI!!! YOU LET THAT CABBIT IN HERE?!"

Mihoshi-"Well, I thought you'd want to see it."

Washu-"Where did she go?!"

Mihoshi-"Well I think she went to your lab but I'm not sure."

Tenchi-"She's going for Ryoko-chan!"

Washu and Tenchi run to the lab. Ryoko phases near Mihoshi.

Ryoko-"What's the commotion about.?"

Mihoshi-"Well I let a cabbit in the house and then Tenchi and Washu ran to
the lab for some reason.something about the cabbit going for Ryoko-chan."

Ryoko-"Baka!"

Ryoko phases into the lab in front of Little Ryoko's bedroom. She walks into
the dimension and notices Tenchi and Washu already there.

Ryoko-"What's going.?"

Ryoko looks in surprise at what is now standing in Little Ryoko's cave. The
creature has a demoness outfit, similar to Ryoko's but blue. Half of her
face is black. She has long sea green hair and a green gem is right in the
middle of her forehead.

Ryoko-"Who is that."

Creature-"Oneechan! You don't recognize me?"

Ryoko-"You're."

Tenchi-"It's your sister, Ryoko! That cabbit absorbed Ryoko-chan!"

Washu-"My goodness! Do you feel that power surging? That is the raw power of
Ryoko-chan's gems!"

Creature-"I shall introduce us."

The creature smirks as she draws a large light sword in her hand.

HanaMegami -"We are HanaMegami.our name is synonymous with DEATH!"

Akumegami (voice over/thinking)-"I remember the scared looks on their
faces.that was right before.I.attacked them."

To be continued.
