-------------------------------------------------------------------------
People who inspired me not to do stupid things and the person who 
introduced me to Tenchi Muyo: First of all, I'd like to thank Lita for 
everything she has done for me and that due to the success of her fics, 
she probably has many Lita-fanboys out there!!  She has been a great 
friend and I thank her for well, generally everything.  I'd like to thank Jen-
chan and Daniel-kun who have made me laugh and cry with their great fic 
Project: Slayers 1/2 due out later sometime this year.  I'd also like to 
thank Jan, the greatest friend in the world who let me "borrow" all of 
Tenchi Universe and Tenchi OAV, Tenchi Muyo in Love, Manatsu no Eve, 
her illustration books and manga and who translated all 42 volumes of 
Dragonball Z from Thai for me.  I love you guys!! ::sniff sniff::

Now folks it's time for the (da-da-da daaa) DISCLAIMER!!  Hello folks, I do 
not own these beloved characters of Tenchi Muyo, they belong to AIC and 
Pioneer who have yet to provide us poor fans with an OAV 3 series, till 
then, we'll have to be satisfied with our beloved fanfics.  So...in two 
words, don't sue!!!! Any similarities between this fic and any idea from a 
person living or dead are purely coincidental and should not be taken 
seriously. ^_^ Thank you and on with the story!
::Jen-chan jumps up and yells:: YEAH GET ON WITH IT!!
::Daniel-kun suddenly appears as well:: HURRY UP ALREADY!!
Ryoke:  All right, all right, just calm down will ya?!
Jan: Don't worry they're just a little tense.
Ryoke: Uh-huh...
Jan:  Uh-oh, here comes the title...

HANDS OF FATE (prologue)
by Little Ryoko ^.~(a.k.a. Ryoke)
(please send C&C to ryokochan3@aol.com)

**************
Years of change, ever passing, ever going.  Time flows eternal, its banks 
seep with memories of some forgotten dream, a lost hope, a forbidden 
love.  Up upon the banks of time flows the one stream that gradually 
races towards the tiny blue speck hanging the void of space.  They will be 
chosen, each for their skills.  The players will come; the cosmos will be 
their chessboard.  The year for each will pass, then when the time 
changes once again, they will be ready.

It will begin.

**************
Water.

	Eternal and flowing.  With the power to take life and to destroy it.  
Smooth and cool, rough and uncaring.  It flowed eternal.  It passed her 
legs and flowed along her side, changing from deep blue-green to light 
ocean blue.  It flowed along her, crawling up her ivory skin to her neck.  It 
was cold, it felt as if the icy tundra had reached her very soul.  And 
suddenly she was immersed in it.  Dark and choking, causing her to feel 
trapped inside and out.  She tasted the salt of her own tears, but that 
was just more water.  She couldn't see the surface, she didn't even know 
if there was a surface, she struggled to move her arms but found they 
were frozen to her sides.  They were trapped, trapped by the silver-blue 
light that was snaking across her body.  It squeezed her arms and 
suddenly the pain shot through her, making her wince as it caused her 
essence to be choked and driven from existence.
	
	Suddenly, it passed, it flowed again, calming her soul and sending 
solace to her tear stained eyes.  Eyes that glowed with a light rosy pink.  
Like the new born dawn.  It spread away from her forming into something, 
into someone, someone familiar, like some long ago forgotten memory, 
this was somebody, who she could not be sure.


**************The Morning: February 14, 2000

	Tenchi loved this time of day.  When the sun barely peeked out 
from the horizon and climbed up the rosy heights.  The dew on every leaf, 
every flower, seemed to carry the scent of new life.  He picked up his hoe 
and work gloves and walked to the fields enjoying every step in his quiet 
solitude.
	
	Aeka awoke from her slumber, groggy, disoriented.  She walked 
towards the mirror and gazed at her reflection.  Her hair was surprisingly 
neat.  It flowed far past her waist like some amethyst waterfall.  She was 
pleased at how she looked and smiled smugly to herself in the mirror.  
Then she stopped smiling.  Why this farce, this mask she had to wear?  
She touched the mirror; the cold glass made her shiver.  If she was on 
Jurai, she would be adored by millions, no billions of subjects.  Thousands 
of guards willing to carry out her every bidding.  Instead she was here on 
this backward planet, waiting for the one person who could make her 
dreams come true, to carry up where her heart had been abandoned and 
broken.  Her rose eyes were already shining in the light.  A mask.  A farce.  
That's the face she wore.  She walked heavily towards the kitchen, 
already aware of the aromas seeping forth.
	
	Kiyone flipped over in her futon, knocking over her alarm clock.  She 
peered at the time through slitted eyes and suddenly jumped up running 
to the bathroom yelling at her partner who was still asleep.  She quickly 
brushed her teal green hair, yelling at the tangles she caught.  She wiped 
her sky blue eyes and quickly got dressed, running in seven different 
directions every two seconds.  Work, work, work, work, late, late, late, 
late....
	
	Mihoshi woke with a start when she heard Kiyone yelling.  She 
drowsily picked herself up and asked for breakfast.  When she saw the 
time she nervously ran to get her clothes.  Aaah!  Where's my socks, 
Kiyone have you seen my socks?!  What about my shoes?!  She tied up 
her shining golden hair and looked into the mirror peering at her baby blue 
eyes.  She heard Kiyone yelling again and ran out the door with one shoe 
and mismatched socks.
	
	Washu was already busy in her lab.  The large tubule in front of her 
glowed with the lime green liquid that was bubbling inside.  She typed a 
few keys.  Then a few more.  She blew a strand of pink hair out of her 
eyes and stared at the monitor.  She glanced at the tubule as the liquid 
dissipated, revealing a young woman.  Spiked cyan hair was washed down, 
flowing in soft aqua wisps around her.  Her eyes were closed and the gem 
embedded in her wrist glowed white as the light from it crawled up her 
arm and surrounded her body.  Washu looked on, her emerald eyes 
actually widening with surprise.  The experiment was almost complete; 
soon she would have the results to what she had been working for so 
long.  She typed some more.
	
	Sasami was wondering if Tenchi was going to eat breakfast today.  
He probably just took some fruit and left.  She wandered about the 
kitchen, stirring, mixing, and bringing to a simmer all the dishes that 
surrounded her.  She gave a heavy sigh and looked up to the ceiling, as if 
she could see through it.  Past the sky and the stars, would she be there?  
She whispered under her breath, "Tsunami."    It has been awhile since 
she came to Earth.  Now it was her home, the place she loved with the 
people who loved her.  

Tsunami, why do I have to do this now?  Can't this wait?

<No, I'm sorry Sasami, if I could I would let you keep your childhood, but 
the time is upon us.>

What is upon us Tsunami?  What?  Why can't you tell me?

<Because it is something you shouldn't have to worry about.>

But I do.  I know you have something planned, or else you wouldn't make 
me do this, not this soon.

<...........I'm sorry.>

She would have to surprise them today.  She undid the two hair ties 
joining her hair in two pigtails and let them loose.  Her blue-green hair 
flowed to the ground. Far past her waist.  She put her hand to her face 
and erased the freckles she had to put up with.  She stood taller, more 
graceful.  Her legs had lengthened, she had grown taller, her body filled 
out, and her clothes had become almost impossible to wear.  She would 
have to show them now, Tsunami wished it, and she trusted Tsunami.  
She knew what was best.  Didn't she?  She walked into the dining room 
carrying a tray of food before everyone present.  "Breakfast is served!"

	They all looked at her.  Aeka first peered at her quizzingly then 
smiled.  She knew.  She knew it would happen eventually.  It had to.  
Everyone else gave her puzzled or worried looks.  I knew this would make 
them uncomfortable.  I knew it.  However Aeka stood up and hugged her 
like the caring older sister she was.  Sasami felt so relieved, maybe she 
understood, she had to do this, the sacrifice was her childhood, what she 
gained was...womanhood?  Maturity?  A chance with...That was one 
factor she didn't remember.  Tenchi. What would he think?  Maybe finally 
her...her hopes would be answered.  Maybe.  They all looked at her.  Most 
of them gave a comforting however nervous smile.  Aeka shakily held her 
and looked her in the eye.

"Happy Birthday Sasami."

**************

Air.

	It whips, it destroys, it goes on forever.  It flew across her.  
Whipping her body in its unimaginable force.  It took her breath, stilled her 
voice in it's fury.  It caused her so much pain she thought she would die.  
Her rose eyes glimmered with her tears but were quickly whipped away 
but the driving force.  She stood out of nothingness.  No, emptiness.  It 
crawled into her soul and blew her spirit apart.  She found her voice again 
and cried out in agony.

	It died down.  Calming her soul.  Piecing back together the damage 
it had done.  It traced circles of light across her body.  Refreshing her 
whole being.  It made her feel light, without a care.  Finally, she was free.  
Free.  Free of every burden, every heartache.  It gently blowed through 
her amythyst locks and lifted her spirits.  She floated in a daze.  And 
suddenly it pulled away from her.  It formed and shifted, seeming a million 
things at once.  It reached towards her, warm and caring and blew tiny 
kisses upon her cheeks.  But she could not see it's eyes, or it's form, for 
her own tears blurred her sight in a hope finally found.

**************The Day: September 21, 2000

	Aeka stood in the doorway to Tenchi's room at stared at his bed.  
She missed him.  Where was he?  Where were all of them?  No one was 
home.  Not even Ryoko, they had probably all gone off somewhere 
forgetting what day it was.  Well it was an important day, to her at least.  
Even Sasami wasn't there.  Her own little sister.  She at least had to 
know.  Aeka awoke that morning with no one at home.  Everyone 
apparently had left without even so much as a note.  Aeka dejectedly 
walked downstairs to the living room to see if anyone had left at least 
something to eat.  Her stomach was grumbling as she walked past a 
mirror in the hall.  
	She stepped back.  Since when was there a mirror in the hall?  She 
looked at herself.  She was very pleased with her appearance as the light 
behind her made her appear as if she was an angel.  It lit up her eyes and 
brought color to her cheeks.  She stared at her reflection a little while 
longer and suddenly had the urge to touch the mirror.  To feel the 
smooth glass surface beneath her palm.  She gingerly poked an ivory pale 
finger at it and it slowly sunk into the glass!  She flinched and put her 
whole hand into the mirror and reached back out.  It seemed fine.
	She reached back in and deciding to be bold, she plunged into the 
mirror, leaving a trail of white sparks in her wake.
	When she stepped through she found a garden of imaginable sight.  
The light shone in her eyes and she squinted till her eyes could focus.  
Where am I?  Is this another of Washu's little spare dimensions?  She just 
wouldn't leave this here, open to anyone who could wander in would she?  
The aroma of flowers and fruit overwhelmingly hit her senses making her 
dizzy.  Every one of her senses seemed to be sharpened as she stepped 
through the garden.  Red and purple blossoms hung from lacy green 
vines.  Light little sprinkles of blue invaded a patch of baby's breath 
nearby.  Roses stood tall in a twining mass of bushes.  The petals burned 
with a deep rich red that seemed to call out to her to kiss their buds and 
reveal them to pulsing heart beneath.  Violets, a deep rich, royal purple.  
She passed every kind of flower she could name, and some she could not 
name.  She heard birds singing through the trees, yet she could not see 
them.  She walked down the path till she heard a faint noise coming from 
behind a thick bush.  She pushed back the leaves to reveal a sparkling 
spring.  The water and the smells seemed to make her thirsty beyond 
belief.  She kneeled down to drink and tasted the sweet water as it hit her 
throat, quenching it fully.  Suddenly she heard someone yell.  She turned 
around to see Ryoko dancing in the air clad in a white and blue kimono.  
Running from up ahead was Sasami with Ryo-ohki following behind.  
"Aeka, where have you been, we've been waiting for you!"  Sasami 
exclaimed.  She grabbed her sister's hand and Ryoko flew down and stood 
beside her.

What is this monster woman doing here?

<Oh come one.  Your not going to try and fool your subconscious are 
you?  You know she cares, you care, everybody just so damn happy.>

Now who's fooling themselves?

<Have you ever thought your nuts?>

Have you?

<Yes.  That's the trouble with humans.  Your useless mental dialogue.  In 
anyone's idea, a person who is percepted as evil by the rest of society 
almost always suspects they are doing good.>

Your point?

<Humans are idiots.>

You are so encouraging, you know that?

<I know.  Maybe you Juraians are different.  You seem to have evolved far 
beyond human technology.>

I'm flattered.

<Yet you are ultimately the same.  Running around in your fleshy 
corporeal forms satisfying your every whim through any means necessary, 
trying to justify your selfish acts as acts of a god, or as a martyr, or "for 
the good of all".  But the truth is, your all a bunch of lesser-evolved 
monkeys, scratching your butts, living for your will to procreate, letting 
your foolish emotions lead your pitiful slops of gray matter.  Oog, oog, 
Throg want food.  Throg want water.  Throg want kill.  Oh, grow up.>

Since when did you become so damn enlightened as to judge both 
Juraians and Terrans?

<Since I created them.>

	They led her to a small grove where the whole family was waiting.  
A huge cake stood before them piled up with mounds of ice cream.  
"Welcome to Little Washu's Secret Garden!" Washu exclaimed.  They all 
took Aeka in and set the candles aflame.  Tenchi looked at Aeka and 
grinned, "Happy Birthday Aeka.  Did you think we would forget?"

**************

Earth.

	It gives life, it takes it.  It feeds life; it gives it birth and purpose.  
>From the earth comes the bounty's of life.  Stone, cold and hard, 
unchanging and unmoving.  It crushed him covering his body in its 
unimaginable grip.  It seared his flesh and cut to the bone.  It crushed 
him, he could not see, he was being buried by it.  Consumed by the earth 
that surrounded him.  Then iron and steel, crushing his back and ripping 
his spine.  He screamed in his agony, tasting his own blood, feeling all his 
fears and guilt as they crushed him with their weight.
	As suddenly as it came, it passed.  The earth supported him, held 
him up, and healed his body with the flowing path of green energy that 
was seeping from the earth.  The lifeblood, the tears of the earth.  It 
secured his soul, made him feel whole, suddenly the earth pulled away.  It 
formed into a...person.  A woman.  She caressed his cheek and pulled him 
closer for a kiss.  He could not see her true form.  Her body kept shifting 
and changing, this was the woman he truly loved, he knew it.

But who was it?

**************The Dusk: April 24, 2001

	The sun was beginning to set.  Its color ran from rich purple to a 
bright gold.  It seemed as if the sky was bleeding.  The sun shone as it 
sank beneath the earth.  Tenchi stood under a window struggling to hear 
something.  He picked his ears up and struggled to listen.  Suddenly, it 
came, a voice rich with love for the baby the song was for.  Ryoko.  Ryoko 
sang to Mayuka constantly.  She always closed the door when she did 
though.  The only way Tenchi could hear her song was if he stood under 
Mayuka's window.  He did almost every day now.  Unfortunately, every 
time he tried to ask her about it, she just blushed and said nothing.
	He went inside the house and walked up to Mayuka's room.  
Apparently she heard him coming up because she was rushing to get out.  
She hadn't seen him all day and all of a sudden she rushed toward him 
and gave him a hug.  He looked at her; her golden eyes seemed to reflect 
the sunset.  They were so deep, so filling, they shone a thousand shades 
of gold, while they were quick to anger, they were also gentle and kind.  
How can I tell her?  How can I tell her what it is that I'm feeling?  What am 
I feeling?

Love.

Love? How can that be?  I promised myself that I would remain neutral so 
as not to hurt ANY of the girls.

I just hope you know what love is.

Do I?  How the hell does anyone know?

How am I supposed to know?

You know, sometimes I worry about my sanity.

So do I.

	She released her hug and stood before him, wondering if he was 
going to speak.  He looked at her and wondered.

You think you didn't love her before?  Ever since you were a child you've 
felt her presence, you know it.  Maybe you didn't realize it, but you've 
loved her for a long time.

But why all these feelings now?

Because it's getting stronger.

Why?

Look into her eyes; feel her touch, then you'll know why.

	Tenchi did look in her eyes.  He felt his heart pound and his pulse 
race.  He looked into her eyes and felt as if he was being consumed.  She 
loved him, she did know what love was.  How could he not realize that?  
He walked back downstairs after putting Mayuka to bed.  There in the 
living room everyone stood, displaying the enormous cake Sasami had 
made.  Everyone stood proudly, displaying their gifts as well.  Nobuyuki 
came forward and hugged him crying and babbling something about how 
he was now a man.  Grandpa muttered something about how he was 
already a man.  Sasami hugged him too and blushed when he hugged her 
back.  Aeka gave a deep bow, then looked into his eyes and hugged him 
tight. Aeka.  That was the other reason he hadn't told her.  How could he 
break her heart?  How could he cause her so much pain?  Ryoko came 
forward once more.
	There was an electric spark.  Like some force had just zapped both 
of their senses, making them both realize who was in the room.  They 
looked at each other.  She had a look so hopeful it almost made him say it 
right then and there.  Then Aeka came to lead him away to blow out the 
candles on his cake.  No.  He would have to wait, then he could be ready 
to tell her how he felt.  Then it would be the happiest day of his life.  How 
could he not realize that till now?
	She came again beside him.  He felt her warmth next to him and 
shook.  Aeka stood next to him as well.  Sasami stood in front of him, 
begging him to blow out the candles.  As he did, the three of them yelled, 
"Happy Birthday Tenchi!"

**************

Fire.

It burns, it sears, it reaps flesh from bones.  It destroys, it consumes.  It 
flows orange and yellow, red at its very heart.  It flew in streaks, in an all-
consuming path, ever flowing, ever racing.  It crawled along her feet, 
tracing circles on her thighs, flowing past her chest, seeping into her 
heart.  It entered.  She let out a cry.  It ripped through her voice and into 
the black nothingness that tried to consume her.  It flew into her eyes, 
making them yellow with rage and pain and a billion other emotions at 
once. It frightened her, enraged her, filled her heart with its unseething 
fury.

It calmed, It lessened.  It glowed with an unnatural light and eased her 
pain. Tracing golden spirals on her hands, racing toward her golden eyes.  
It ignited passion, love, warmth within her desperately cold soul.  The fire 
glowed, it moved away from her.  Stood before her, changed it's shape.  
It grew spiky black hair, warm, caring brown eyes.  Eyes so rich and deep 
she felt herself lost within their shadows.  The fire reached towards her.  
The thing that caused her so much pain yet warmed her heart with it's 
light.

**************The Night: August 23, 2001

	Ryoko flew down from the beam.  She could hear Mayuka's cries 
echoing through the house and hurried to soothe her.  She picked little 
Mayuka up and looked into her golden eyes.  So much like her own but 
they reflected something hers did not.  The innocence of a child.  She 
couldn't be this child's mother.  No, her real "mother" was dead.  Torn 
apart by her own rage and pain, from a love lost so many years ago on a 
far away planet.  No, Mayuka was nothing like Yuzuha.
	She wished she could be this child's mother.  But Tenchi was her 
father.  And that would make her his....No, she was this child's caretaker, 
a beloved older sister to comfort and care for her.  She cleared her throat 
and began to sing.  Her rich voice sang soothing lullabies about stars and 
sunshine, peaceful slumber and happy dreams.  She looked up to see 
Tenchi staring at her.  Did he hear her?  Was he listening as she poured 
her heart out into the song that always put little Mayuka to sleep?  He 
noticed she was staring back at him and blushed a little.  He walked 
towards her and picked up Mayuka in his arms and looked at Ryoko.  She 
looked away as he tucked Mayuka in her crib.  Ryoko stood up to walk 
away but Tenchi held her arm.  "Ryoko, we need to talk."  She understood 
and led him outside.  What a beautiful summer night.  The moon shone 
bright and full and every star seemed to glimmer it brightest.  It was a 
special night to her, though probably no one but Washu knew what night 
it was.

Maybe he'll say it.

Don't be ridiculous, I know Tenchi, he'd have to think long and hard 
before breaking Aeka's heart.

Ugh, have all those fights with her gone to your brain?  You’re trying to 
fool yourself.  Well, guess what?  Maybe not everything in this universe is 
going to disappoint you at one time or another.  MAYBE some things do 
actually turn out all right.

Oh, shut up.

Ooh, good comeback.

	Tenchi took her to the tree Funaho and sat down on one of the 
thicker roots.  Fireflies danced in the air around them and Ryoko could not 
help but notice they way he looked at her.  She sat down next to him, her 
heart pounding through her chest, her heart hoping she would know what 
he would say.  He caressed her cheek, so gently.  She looked into his 
eyes.  They reflected the moon and stars.  She could peer forever into 
the universes that were the dark wells of his kind eyes.  She felt herself 
quiver at his soft touch, craving more.  "Ryoko, I...I..need to tell you 
something." he began to say.  She quickly grasped his hand and caressed 
his cheek and stroked his hair, "Speak from your heart Tenchi...” He 
suddenly looked nervous but calmed down quickly.  He looked into her 
eyes and she felt as if her heart was on fire.  "Ryoko...I love you."

He said it.  He actually said it.

Let me guess, "I think I'm gonna cry!"

I think I am.

Good for you.  It's healthy.

	Ryoko embraced him quickly, feeling as if she would die if she ever 
let go.  She held him close and kissed his neck, his ear.  He gently pushed 
her away and caressed her face, passing his fingers gently upon her 
trembling lips.  They kissed and she felt as if she had reached heaven.  
She felt his gentle soul emanating warmth to her.  Her ears burned and 
her heart was set on fire.  They kissed each other for a long time.  Feeling 
each other’s lips, tasting of each other's souls.  She felt the tears well up 
in her eyes.  They slid down her cheeks and fell upon her lips, then she 
tasted his tears as well, their joy spilling, overflowing into tears of sorrow 
and relief.  They knew they'd have to keep it a secret, just till they were 
ready to tell everyone else.  They kissed under the moonlight, under the 
stars that seemed to dim by the light of their love.  Tenchi pulled back, 
looked into her golden eyes and softly whispered, "Happy Birthday 
Ryoko."

**************

THE END of the prologue

**************
Author's Notes:
Well folks, this is my very first fic EVER (actually my first actual finished 
one anyway) so have mercy on my humble soul.  Please?  I hope you 
enjoyed it.  This is the first in a series that will hopefully continue if unless 
suddenly the impossible happens and I get an actual social life. ^_^ Or 
the totally scary happens and people hate this fic so much the death 
threat pile is suddenly tripled. j/k Just FYI here's a little chart of some of 
the characters b-days kindly provided by the RFFC:
NAME				BIRTHDAY			SIGN		ELEMENT
Aeka Jurai			September 21		Libra		Air
Sasami Jurai			February 14			Aquarius	Air
Ryoko Hakubi		August 23			Leo		Fire
Tenchi Masaki		April 24			Taurus	Earth

Well, I'd really appreciate some C&C (pretty pretty please?).  I'd also like 
to thank Literary Eagle (again) and Kale who inspired me to write this.  
::gets all teary-eyed:: Thank you guys!!  Well, I guess you'll have to wait 
till the next chapter to find out what is really going on but I hope to hear 
from you soon!!

Oh yeah, one more final note, to those of you think that this is just 
another Ryoko gets Tenchi (or is it the other way around?) fic YOU ARE 
WRONG!!!!!  Hee hee.  This is only the first chapter and it's only going to 
get better and better folks so don't give up hope on me yet.  I have a 
very twisted mind and what I have in store is not a cliche, promise.

Adios, sayonara, hasta la vista, aurevoir, later, buh-bye...
Jen-chan: We get the point...
Ryoke: Oops...^_^
