-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Many thanks to: Jen-chan, who is my best friend no matter what happens.  
Arevik, who speaks her mind and makes sure I do the same.  Kale, my 
precious pre-reader!!  Not to mention the most adorable cheemunk I have 
ever had the pleasure of knowing.  Lita, who has been my inspiration and 
my friend.  Daniel-kun, just because he's so overworked.  To all the people 
who have lost someone they love.  By losing them to someone else, by 
changing and growing apart, or by losing them to death, which is as 
natural as life.

Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! and all it's characters are property of Pioneer 
Entertainment and AIC except for any plot changes, background ideas and 
characters that are mine.  If you can't tell the difference, watch Tenchi 
Muyo!: Ryo-ohki OAV episodes 1-13, Tenchi Muyo Universe, Manatsu no 
Eve, TMiL 1&2, etc. etc. etc.  So without further babbling on my part, I 
give you the story!
::waits for any sign of Jen-chan or Daniel-kun::
Ryoke:.......*phew*

HANDS OF FATE (Chapter 1)
by Little Ryoko ^.~ (a.k.a. Ryoke)
(please send C&C to ryokochan3@aol.com)

**************

Why must it begin in blood?  Her sacrifice will not be made in vain...but it 
will cause so much pain.  She will lose everything.  The time has passed 
and she must face her first trial.  But why, oh why must she face it alone?  
There has to be another way.  There has to.  Pain sinks deep in the hearts 
of mortals.  They fear so much, yet trust so little.  How can they hope?  
Will a few simple scraps of love they try to weave back together form 
their lives, their sanity?

How can they live like this?

**************

	Ryoko scanned the horizon of the new dawn.  High in the air she 
inhaled the fresh air left off by the dew that sparkled on every tree, every 
leaf.  She felt a warm glow pulse through her arm, and then into the palm 
of her hand.  Suddenly a burst of yellow light came forth.  It shaped into a 
long sword/staff that radiated it's own intense heat.  She flew down to 
the stone bricks and stood tall, gleaming sword in hand.  She shifted her 
weight, balancing herself on her right foot placed a little ways behind her, 
while she semi-leaned on her left foot in front of her.  Her opponent stood 
opposite her.  A burst of light revealed his own gleaming sword.  With a 
howl she leapt at him.  Coming at him with blinding fury and blazing 
speed.
	He quickly dodged to the right, barely evading her attack.  He 
struck against the small of her back as she twirled around him.  She 
blocked with her sword and pushed him off and stumbled, only for a 
moment.
	They parried, danced, and sprinted around each other.  Circling each 
other, swords drawn, skills matched.  If not for the small loose brick 
behind her opponent’s foot, she surely would have fought him for hours, 
maybe even days.
	He slipped, just as she flew around him to strike.  He fell over on his 
back and groaned in defeat.  A seering hot yellow blade pressed just 
beneath his chin Ryoko stood above him triumphantly, wearing a 
victorious smile.  She picked him up by his garments with ease and looked 
in to his eyes, "Game over Ten-chan" she whispered cunningly.  "You 
win." Tenchi sighed.  He didn't like losing, but it wasn't so bad when he 
was losing to Ryoko.  She pulled him in closer for a kiss, their noses barely 
touching.  As soon as he closed his eyes, she released him, letting him 
drop to the ground.  She twirled around him playfully and taunted, "Better 
luck next time!"
	Tenchi got himself up and let Tenchi-ken fade away with a fzzt-zap 
then walked toward the house.  It had been three months since he told 
Ryoko how he felt.  It was great.  The comfort, the support, the good 
times made him feel whole.  Yet through it all, it still didn't seem to feel 
right.  Something was wrong.  He dismissed it as early-relationship jitters.  
He also had another kind of jitters.  The How-To-Tell-Your-Family-And-
Those-You-Care-About-That-Youv'e-Fallen-In-Love jitters.  Long title.  Bad 
result.  It would hurt Aeka the most, but what about the other girls?

Do the others care about me as much as Aeka, or Ryoko?  Would I be 
hurting them as well?

Maybe.

*Maybe* I should stop talking to the voices in my head.

Not voiCES, one voice.  And besides, then where would you get all the 
*brilliant* advice I give you?

>From my own thoughts, my own mind!

Man your whacked, you realize your arguing with your subconscious?  
How's that for mental dialogue?

Are you *trying* to be contradictory?  I thought you said I should listen 
to you.

I never said you HAVE to.

	Tenchi walked up the stairs to his room.  As he passed Mayuka's 
room he paused.  Aeka was inside, describing a story about a legendary 
warrior who gave up his glory and his honor for the woman he loved.
	"And he returned back to his home, to finally take the woman 
destined to be his bride.  He gave up his title and glory to return to a 
quieter place, of equal beauty to his home, but with it's own kind of 
beauty.  He went with his lady, there they spent the rest of their days, 
basking in the beauty of their love, and enjoying every second they spent 
with each other.  They loved each other till the day they died, and even in 
death, they held each other close.  When their bodies grew pale, their 
feet turned into roots, their skin stiffened and their fingers spread and 
hardened.  They became two trees, sharing the same roots and stump.  
They were so close to each other both in body and spirit, they became 
one, to share each others souls forever and ever."
	Hmm.  An ancient story with a personal twist.  Was Aeka still 
hurting over the pain of Yosho's rejection?  She loved him immensely and 
expected that she would spend the rest of her days with him.  Then he 
left and unlike the story, never returned.  Then she turns her attention to 
Tenchi, whose kindness she found so easy to adore.  She suffered so 
much pain in her past and hoping to finally start over and rekindle her 
heart, she expects empty hopes.  Only to have her heart broken again.  
How could she take it?  Would she break like some fragile flower in the 
face of a bitter frost? 
	Tenchi sighed as he slid open the door to his room.  Too many 
questions, not enough answers, and one big headache.  He collapsed on 
his bed, blinked a couple of times, and slept.

**************

	I sat gazing at the window.  I couldn't see anything but clouds.  I 
turned back to my book spread open on the tray before me.  "Basic 
Japanese Dialogue for the Wary Traveler” I had not been to Japan since I 
was five.  The little I do remember is not a pleasant memory.  The screech 
of the tires, the sprays of glass, the twisting metal, the blood.  Oh God, 
why am I going back there?  They *died* there.  They left me there.  I 
was born into this world with two "loving" parents.  I was raised in Japan 
with them.  And I was deported to the United States without them.
	I leafed through my wallet.  I pulled out my driver's license.  Medium 
length layered reddish brown hair.  Hazel green/brown eyes.  Obviously 
Caucasian.  Pretty nice lips.  I took the picture without my contacts 
though.  So all I saw was a fuzzy flesh colored mass asking me to look 
into the camera and smile.  But I didn't smile; I gave my worst possible 
scowl.  Not a disgusting look, but an angry pitiful look.  The look I so 
often saw my mother wear.  He would slap her across her face.  As she 
sat on the floor covering her face she would whisper to herself softly.  
The chant that she whispered has haunted me all my life.  "Nearest to 
heaven, farthest from earth."  I often repeated the same thing too, as 
Rich came to my apartment drunk and totally out of control, screaming at 
me, yelling at me.  Telling me that I was worthless, stupid.  Oh God, why 
am I going back there?
	I'm running, that's what I'm doing.  I am running back to the place 
that I wanted to get away from so long ago.  I'm leaving a fresh horrible 
memory for a new horrible memory.  The plane touched down and the 
next few hours seemed like a total daze.  I decided to stay in a small hotel 
in Okayama, I didn't want to face the hectic air of Tokyo, I needed to 
escape, to visit the country for awhile.
	I awoke in the morning to find myself staring at a bunch of dark 
blurry words.  I pulled the book off my face and tossed it aside.  I stood 
up and stretched in the morning sun.  It felt so good to finally see some 
sunshine. Real fresh sunshine.  I walked the main lobby of the hotel and 
picked up a few brochures to read while I waited for breakfast which was 
"to be served promptly at 8:00".  Well, 8:00 felt like right now because I 
was hungry.  Even tired still because my body had yet to get really used 
to the Japanese time frame.
	I flipped through the first brochure describing the excellent hiking 
trails found in the hills and mountains of Okayama, then the next 
described the nearby town's quaint history and "eastern charm".   I finally 
came to the last brochure.  It was a simple piece of plain paper folded 
three times.  On it was written a small inscription in kanji and the rest 
described the several shrines scattered across the landscape.  Including 
the famous Masaki Shrine, home to the cave that contained a legendary 
demon who was finally captured by the warrior, Yosho.  What a great 
place to see.  My Japanese history is a little rusty, heck, who am I kidding, 
a lot rusty, but I studied only world history and culture as a separate 
course in my sophomore year at college.  Plus, I still had to go back.  
Maybe these shrines would help my research in anthropology, the study 
of human culture via expression through religion and mythical tales 
through the progression of time.  Yes, I would especially try to visit the 
Masaki Shrine.  I want to see this demon cave for myself.  Maybe if I were 
lucky, the shrine priest would be able to tell me a few details about this 
intriguing story.  Yes, I would go tomorrow.  Okayama, here I come.

**************

	*Flash* A woman stands over her child as she tries to hurry her into 
the car.  The roads are slick with rain and Tokyo has just started its rush 
hour.  An older man tries to get in the car but the woman yells for him to 
stop.  He grabs her arm and wrenches her suitcase away from her.  The 
child begins to whimper as the man rushes into the car and yells at the 
woman to get in.  The woman stands wet and cold in the rain.  Her damp 
hair clings to her face.  She shivers and walks meekly to the other door 
and gets in.  The child stands there crying silently in the rain.  The man 
yells at the woman to get the child.  The child walks up the side of the 
car and gets in herself.  She sits wet and crying in the back seat while her 
mother is crying in the front. *Flash*

	Who are these people?  Why is that child crying?  Where am I?

	*Flash* A car speeds through the crowded streets of Tokyo.  The 
driver is yelling something at the woman sitting next to him.  The woman 
breaks down sobbing, covering her face with her hands.  The man turns to 
her and lifts his arm as if he were about to strike. *Flash*

	What's happening?  Is he going to hit her?  What is this?

	*Flash* Suddenly a truck appears at the intersection.  The child 
screams as the man struggles to swerve.  He loses control and hits a 
telephone pole before flipping over and sliding into an oncoming car.  The 
windshield shatters, the bumper twists and breaks.  The woman looks up 
only to face a twisting column of metal, ready to jab at her head. *Flash*

	Oh my God, what's happening to these people?!  Please, stop!

	*Flash* Blood is everywhere.  An ambulance rushes to the scene 
and twists the car open with the Jaws of Life, struggling to rescue the 
people inside.  They pull out the body of a man.  His face, frozen in terror, 
is swathed with blood.  The woman, her entire face is smashed in.  
Covered in blood and broken bits of glass.  The paramedics pick up their 
bodies and place them in stretchers, covering them in plastic wraps.  A 
man yells and the medics rush over.  Someone is alive.  A small girl of five 
appears.  Short brown hair and pale skin.  They try to wipe the blood off 
her face but she screams and runs to her parent's bodies, still lying on 
the stretcher.  They pull her away and try to console her.  She runs from 
them.  She doesn't understand.  She runs after the first ambulance truck 
and screams when they pull her away.  She gets loaded into another 
truck.  She sits there, cold and shivering, covered in blood not of her own.  
She sits in the ambulance huddling, staring at her bloody hands with dead, 
bloodshot eyes.  She whispers to herself over and over, the same thing... 
*Flash*

	Oh.  God.  That kid...oh no, not another one...

	*Flash* A lone girl stands dressed in black in the arms of an elderly 
couple.  She walks up and picks up a single white rose from the pile to her 
left.  She walks forward.  The grave seems endless.  The only sign of a 
casket is the gold handles on the edge.  The girl heads toward the first 
grave.  "Elli Camson b.1956-d.1987 Our Angel On Earth” The child drops 
the single white rose into the dark abyss containing her mother's body.  
Maybe if she looked hard enough, she could see her mother's spirit 
floating up to heaven.  She stared as hard as she could at the cold, dark 
grave.  Nothing.  Just the abyss.  The single white rose.  She walked 
towards the second grave.  No flower in hand.  The headstone read, 
"Federico Camson b.1942-d.1987 We are poorer for having lost him” The 
child stares hard at the grave, as if she could shoot fire through her eyes.  
Make his body burn.  She stares so hard it makes her cry, cold and silent 
tears.  She spits into the grave, drawing a nervous and shocked gasp from 
the crowd around her.  Hateful and silent, she is led away by her shocked 
grandparents.  As she quietly crawls into the car, she stares at the 
graves.  Even as they drove away, she stares at them till they are no 
longer in sight. *Flash*

	Was that driver her father?  Her parents were the people that died?  
What does this all mean?  Who is that girl?  Who is she?
*Flash*
	Tenchi wakes up with a start.  Sweat poured down his face and his 
hands shook uncontrollably.  He stood up, pausing to take a breath.  What 
a horrible dream.  No, a nightmare, that's what it was, a nightmare.  Just 
a nightmare.  He walked slowly towards the door and noticed the clock to 
his right.  12:00.  He had slept all through the morning.  Tenchi hurriedly 
skipped down the stairs and walked into the dining room.  Sasami noticed 
that he had finally come in for lunch and said, "Oh, Tenchi!  I thought you 
were still asleep!  I'm sorry I didn't wake you." 

	"That's okay Sasami.  I'm just glad I woke up in time."  Tenchi 
answered as he sat down next to Ryoko.  His hands were shaking as he 
picked up his chopsticks.

	"Tenchi, are you alright?" Ryoko asked.  Flickers of concern crossed 
her eyes as she reached for Tenchi's shoulder.

	"Lord Tenchi?" Aeka asked.  

	As she prepared to get up to see if he was all right, Tenchi 
stiffened.  His blood grew cold and his hands shook as his body began to 
convulse.  He closed his eyes and dropped to the floor.  As soon as he 
landed his eyes flew open.  Pain, rage, anguish, and fear swirled in the 
mists of those dead eyes.  It seemed to add more chill to the words he 
quietly whispered over and over again, "Nearest to heaven, farthest from 
earth...nearest to heaven, farthest from earth..."

**************

"I'm sorry, we're rather busy today, maybe you could come back next 
week."  Here I was sitting in the shrine office drinking tea with an elderly 
Shinto priest.  We spoke in a sort of half English half Japanese dialogue, 
only when he saw how horrible my Japanese was.  His glasses flashed in 
the noon sun.  He had an almost, youthful look to his eyes.  As if he were 
a young man trapped in an old man's skin.  I continued to observe him as 
he stood up and slid the door closed.  "Miss, I am rather sorry I cannot 
help you with your paper but right now we have somewhat of a crisis."

	"Oh, what has happened?"

	He spoke in a slow, exhausted voice, "This shrine is a family shrine, 
passed down from generation to generation, and yes, there is a family in 
the house next door."  He paused to see my reaction.

	So that was why there was this huge house so close to the shrine.  
I nodded for him to go on.

	"My grandson is in, somewhat of an ill health you see, the family is 
doing their best to take care of him right now so I am terribly busy 
managing everything they cannot."

	"Why don't you just take him to the hospital in town?"

	"It's not the kind of illness you can treat there."

**************

	Tenchi sat alone in a cold metal room.  The walls contained a small 
chair and table nailed to the floor.  He ran and flung himself against the 
wall.  He bounced back with enormous force but was carried by a 
seemingly invisible cup of energy.  "Please, Tenchi...any force directed at 
the walls or furniture will result in a doubled amount of force back, don't 
make this any harder than it is." said a voice seeming to come from 
everywhere. Tenchi moved in nervous circles around his cell.

	*Flash* A crying child, a broken vase...*Flash*

	"Stop!" he yelled.

	*Flash* A lone girl pulls out a gleaming knife from a bag.*Flash*

	"No!!"

	*Flash* A small woman sits in a chair shivering...*Flash*

	"Stop!!!"

	*Flash* A menacing man stands above, holding a bottle...*Flash*

	"I said stop it!!!"

	*Flash* A little girl stands in the rain, staring at the blood soaking 
her hands.  She lets out a horrible scream, yelling to god to please let her 
die, to end the pain, end the suffering. *Flash*

	"NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!"

	Tenchi collapses on the floor and tucks his hands under his arms.  
Suddenly a young girl appears at a door coming from nowhere.  She runs 
to Tenchi who is still shaking on the floor.  "Tenchi!  He's going catatonic 
again, Kiyone!" the young girl yells.  She struggles to lift Tenchi up so he 
can sit up but he refuses to take his hands from under his arms.  Kiyone 
appears from the same seamless door and carries a small metal tube with 
a tiny notch in the front.  "Professor Washu, is he going to be alright?  
What's happening to him?!" Kiyone asked.

	Please let him be okay.

	<After this, nothing is going to just be "okay".>

	Who are you?

	<It's all going to change.>

	I said who are you?!

	<And you all will pay the dearest price for it.>

	ANSWER ME!!

	<Nearest to heaven, farthest from earth...>

	"Kiyone...Kiyone?!" Washu yells worriedly.  Kiyone's eyes seemed to 
flicker for a second.  She looked at Washu with a determined gaze and 
handed her the tube.  "This rupturadermic spray should ease the elixir 
into his system.  After that, we will conduct more tests."  Washu said as 
she eased the tube to the throbbing vein on Tenchi's neck.  It released 
bile of green liquid with a quite hiss as she wiped her brow and stood up.  
Kiyone shakily kneeled down next to him.  Her hands shivered as she 
grasped his wrists and pulled out his hands.  They were covered in blood.  
Crimson beads seemed to weep from his fingertips as they dripped all 
over the floor, onto her skin.  Kiyone let out a frightened yelp and backed 
away, her hand drawing to her face in horror until she saw the blood it 
was covered in.  Tenchi was doubled over on the ground, his head hung 
low and his hands continued to weep tears of blood on the floor.  Washu 
watched silently from a far corner of the room.  She neither flinched nor 
even let out a word as she took out a small metallic object from her 
pocket.  She pressed it a couple of times and the floor suddenly sopped 
up the blood like a sponge.  She walked out the door and turned to call to 
Kiyone, "Come on Kiyone.  First wash yourself up then join me in the main 
lab.  We have some blood tests to run."

**************

	Everyone waited.

	And waited.

	And waited.

	And suddenly Sasami was so tired of waiting she walked up to 
Washu's lab door and yanked at the knob that appeared.  Washu came 
popping out just as Sasami was ready to get in.  "Washu, what is going on 
in there?  Is Tenchi going to be alright?" Sasami asked in a quiet voice.  
Washu ignored her and walked to the middle of the room.  "I have some 
very disturbing news...Kiyone and I have uh...collected some samples from 
Tenchi and is has been revealed that the blood flowing in his system right 
now is not his own."  Everyone gazed in shock as Washu continued to 
explain. "Not only has these memory flashes seemed to affect his mental 
stability but the also seem to be affecting his body.  His cells are going 
into a state of molecular breakdown in which the DNA coding is being 
ripped apart in a sense.  The same process happens in cloning or 
hybreeding but the DNA is not being replaced unlike my previous two 
examples.  In the most literal of terms..."
	Everyone held their breath for an answer.
	
	"...Tenchi is dying."

**************

	"I'm sorry."

	"It's alright Miss, but I hope you can come back at a more...gracious 
time.  Goodbye."

	I walked out the shrine doors and looked at the large house facing 
the lake.  What a beautiful house.  The Masaki Home.  Maybe I should stop 
by and at least give my condolences.  I walked up to what I thought was 
the front door and knocked softly.  I heard no noises from inside but I 
pressed my ear to the door.  Suddenly the door was opened and I 
practically fell through.  A young girl appeared.  She looked to be about 
12 and had bright pink hair and dark green eyes.  Japanese fashion 
trends?  I picked myself up and bowed in respect.  Even if she was a child, 
it was only proper.  "I am sorry to disturb you but I was just talking to the 
shrine priest and-” Suddenly I was cut off as the girl grabbed me by the 
arm and dragged me to a doorway that seemed to appear out of 
nowhere.  Suddenly she took a metal tube from her pocket and pressed it 
against my wrist.  She then took out another tube and pressed it softly 
against my neck.  The whole room started to grow fuzzy and the edges 
of my vision became blurry.  I felt my legs go weak as I collapsed on the 
floor.  The last thing I remembered before blacking out was the girl 
staring at my face saying something.  I think she said...

	"Hello little guinea pig."

**************

	"Oh my God."  Sasami said.  She stood there trembling and 
clutching her apron.  Sobs came as her back arched and heaved with the 
sounds of her gasps and tears.  Aeka stood there, covering her mouth 
with her hand.  She sat down on the stairs and began to shiver and cry.  
Mihoshi wailed as she clung desperately to Kiyone, who had just appeared 
out of the lab.  Kiyone blinked as her tears stung her eyes.  This could not 
happen, it isn't right.  Everyone showed their signs of grief.  Noboyuki sat 
down on the couch silently and ran his fingers through his already graying 
hair.  Suddenly his shoulders also shook and he broke down as well.  
Ryoko could not be seen anywhere.  Apparently she had faded out of 
sight as soon as she heard the news.
	Ryo-ohki suddenly came into the room.  She sensed the mood that 
everyone was in and tapped into Ryoko's memories.  She also began to 
cry and mewed constantly. Suddenly Washu walked in.  Determination 
shone in her eyes and she walked with an air of confidence.  "First of all, 
Aeka, please quit crying and take care of Mayuka.  Second, Kiyone, get 
back into the lab and run an analysis on the genetic sample I just recently 
collected and be prepared to give me the results in...about an hour or so.  
Third, everyone else, quit weeping and listen to me a sec."
	Aeka ran upstairs to get Mayuka, Kiyone dashed into the lab and 
everyone else huddled closer to Washu.  She looked into each of their 
eyes.  Their dread, their fear, it clouded their minds, it spoke across their 
faces.  Washu inhaled a long deep breath and began, "Now, just because I 
said Tenchi is dying doesn't mean he's going to.  What kind of greatest 
scientific genius of the universe would I be if he did?"
	Washu smiled as she noticed that they weren't so tense.  Now 
there was hope.  A tiny ray of light at the end of this tunnel of darkness 
they had all been pushed into.  She cleared her throat and continued, "If 
we could find the reason for these memory flashes, this odd blood 
phenomena, and the reason as to what they all mean, then there is a 
chance of a 'cure' of sorts."  The look of hope on these people's face was 
almost too much to bear.  
	What if they put too much faith in this?

	<Maybe they will, maybe they won't.>

	You’re the famous Lady Tokimi aren't you?

	<How...estute of you Washu.  Yes, I am.>

	I know you're doing this.

	<And with what reason do you assume this?>

	With the fact that why else are you in my mind right now?

	<I have to tell you something.>

	And what praytell is that?

	<Don't interfere Washu.  More than the boy's life is at stake here.  
If you don't let the plan develop, there could be serious consequences.>

	Oh really?

	<You are a key player in this Washu.  You, your "daughter", my 
sister, and the boy.  Whether you all realize it or not.>

	Who ARE you?

	<I am the space between the stars.  The void that fills dimensions.  
I am the rays of light that reach your eyes a billion years after a star dies.  
I am the essence of the black hole, the mother of every star.>

	Kinda conceited, aint'cha?

	<I am the universe, Washu.>

**************

	She walked into the cold metal cell, smelling of sunshine and open 
air.  She walked slowly toward the other chair next to the shiny metal 
table in the middle of the room.  She touched the cool metal ever so 
slightly with her fingertips.  Her reflection stared back at her.  Her golden 
eyes looked dull and worn out.  Her cyan hair was limp and uncombed.  
She looked as if she hadn't slept for days.  This is what a few minutes of 
grief has done to her?  She sat down on the table and stared at him.  He 
was lying on the ground clutching his knees.  To her surprise, he 
shuddered and stood up once he felt her presence in the room.  Their 
bodies, their minds, their souls were linked by something far more 
powerful than telepathy, or even science.  She reached out to him and 
slightly raised her pinky, calling for some unknown compliance.  He 
recognized the gesture and lifted his pinky and linked it with hers.  
Suddenly, tears began to well in his eyes.  His eyes, the darkness that 
crowded his eyes played and danced there.  Eating away at his very soul, 
while leaving the body weak and crippled.  His eyes seemed so far away 
from this world, as if ready to carry his spirit to the next one.
	She pulled him closer and hugged him tight, as if never to let go.  
She felt his heartbeat pounding against hers in its eternal rhythm.  The 
sound of their two hearts seemed to fill the room.  Time froze in that 
moment.  As if the world had taken a huge breath and refused to let go 
till it saw what happened.  He picked his head up and looked at her.  He 
breathed softly into her ear.  Whispering a billion nothings of love and life 
together.  He traced her cheek with his lips.  When their noses touched, 
their lips met, soft and unyielding.  The sound of their heartbeats 
pounding in their ears.  Ryoko held him away and looked at his tired face.  
Her golden orbs seemed to ask a billion questions at once.  Most of them 
were things like: Why?  How?  What is it?  He couldn't answer her 
questions.  He could only look into her eyes and tell her to be brave.  That 
they would find a way.

	There was hope.

**************

	When I woke up, the ceiling was staring back at me.

	I tried to sit up, felt a crack in my spine, and lay back down.  I used 
to see a lot of ceilings like this.  The ceiling of the hospital where I got 
treated for those bruises I earned from Rich.  The ceiling of the 
orphanage, my home after my grandparents died.  Yes, I had seen a lot of 
ceilings like this.  One's put there and painted in a certain way to look 
kind, comforting, reassuring.  When in actually, they were always the 
ceilings of places you'd least want to be.  The nurse told me I either 
better file charges or by next month I would be getting fitted for a cast, 
and in six months, a coffin.  But I was scared.  What would Rich do if he 
found out? No, WHEN he finds out.  I had been dating Rich on off for 
about six months before he told me he truly loved me.  "I love you 
Serena, you know that, I would die for you."  That one statement changed 
my life.  After that, Rich NEVER let me out of his sight.  He told me I was 
worthless, stupid, but later on he would come and try to comfort me.  
Assure me that I made him do and say those horrible things and that he 
didn't mean it.  I was so confused.  I finally found the strength to break 
away.  I moved back to California and changed my last name.  I got a new 
job and transferred to UCLA, hoping never to see Rich again.
	Unfortunately, when I had barely begun to enjoy my life, he found 
me.  Tracked me down to my friend Kate's house, which was the center 
for a huge party.  He waltzed in, made a big show of introducing himself 
as my boyfriend and talked too loudly, drank too much, and made too 
many comments about how I looked.  When we finally got out, he 
dragged me to his car.  He slammed me hard against the door and 
pressed up close against me. So that I could see every ounce of rage that 
poured out of his eyes.  "You little bitch, don't you ever try to run out on 
me again!  If I can't have you, no one will."
	Thank God Katy came outside to see if I was okay.  Suddenly Rich 
pulled back, adjusted his tie and put on the wolfish face and diplomatic 
charm he used to influence so many of the most prestigious judges.  He 
was the head entertainment lawyer in his firm in New York and played his 
well-rehearsed act on Katy, who suspected nothing.
	She offered to give me a ride home and I graciously accepted.  I 
began to break down and cry as soon as we hit Heliotrope and she 
stopped to ask me what was wrong.  I told her everything.  About the 
fights, about Rich, the year we lived together, everything.  As soon as I 
finished she sped off for the police station.
	Rich was eventually taken to trial, had a restraining order filed 
against him, and was fined for a fairly large sum, even for his tremendous 
funds.  I didn't want any memories of Rich so I packed up and decided to 
take a yearlong break from college in the only other home I ever known: 
Japan.
	Now here I am staring at the ceiling, frozen.
	Suddenly, I heard a door open.  I tried to turn my head but a 
zapping pain in my neck prevented me from moving an inch.  I heard 
someone gasp and walk towards somewhere above my head.  I heard her 
(I judged it was a "her" from her footsteps and gasp) mix something.  A 
swishing of liquid.  Tapping on something, probably computer keys.  The 
computer warming up and processing.  More footsteps, something picked 
up.  I think I'm still in the Masaki house.  But why am I paralyzed and left 
here to rot? More footsteps and a closed door.  Silence.
	And here I am staring at a ceiling, frozen.

**************

	Kiyone hadn't expected that Washu had collected a sample AND 
kept the original "specimen".  It wasn't right and Washu knew it.  But 
Kiyone trusted her.  And in matters concerning life and death, the 
greatest scientific genius in the universe did not play around.  Kiyone 
walked into the living room to find Washu.  She had been her mentor ever 
since Mayuka was born.  The information and skills she had acquired made 
her very valuable as a Galaxy Police Officer and let her earn the rank of 
Sergeant First Class.  She owed her career to Washu and she would not 
let her down.  Washu turned around as Kiyone entered to room.  She took 
the data pad and studied it.  Her emerald eyes carefully absorbing the 
information.  Analyzing it, correcting it, memorizing it to suit her needs.  
Suddenly her eyes widened with surprise.  She ran all the way to the lab, 
leaving no explanation.
	Everyone was dealing with their anxiety in their own way.  Aeka 
tried watering the plants.  Mihoshi tried to watch a soap opera but broke 
down crying every time one of the main characters lamented, which was 
often.  Katsuhito just heard the news and spent his time praying and 
meditating in a corner.  Sasami could be seen as nothing but a flurry of 
blue-green hair, bustling around the kitchen, cooking up a storm.  Ryo-
ohki tried her best not to get stepped on so Kiyone decided to care for 
Mayuka, who had begun to cry do to all the noise Mihoshi was making.  
Nobuyuki couldn't stand to stay at home and decided to head to the 
office to finish up some work.

	All it was now, was a waiting game.

**************

	Aeka found a large tree in the middle of a clearing, it's leaves 
seemed to rustle with a breeze of their own.  Aeka could hear sounds 
emanating from the tree.  A low soft swishing sound seemed to be 
coming from it.  Aeka stepped forward towards the towering tree.  It was 
obviously an elm.  It's long vines hanging low towards the ground.  Young 
waxy green leaves hung heavy with the scent of sap.  The markings of 
past years laced in the scars marked upon it's once smooth bark.  A small 
pool of water surrounded it, the clear water seemed to be constantly 
feeding it's thick roots.  Aeka stepped forward, drawn by the whisper of 
it's leaves.
	Her eyes looked a little shaky for a second.  She touched it's bark 
and felt a warmth coming from the veins of the tree.  She could feel a 
beating pulse beneath it's bark.  Suddenly her feet came close to the 
water surrounding the tree and the swishing sound coming from it's 
leaves seemed to grow louder and more urgent.  Aeka lost her footing on 
the edge of the pool and leaned forward, collapsing on the tree.  In a flash 
of light that crawled up from the depths of the tree's roots, she was 
gone.

**************

Tokimi.

Tokimi, what have you done?

<I have achieved the impossible Tsunami.>

What is the point of this?

<To prove that I will always win.>

It's not over yet.

<Oh no, it's only just begun.>

*******************

THE END of chapter one

*******************
Author's Notes:
	Well, I've received nothing but good comments about this fic 
except for the following:
	1) NO I had no clue about Mano: Hands of Fate from MST 3000. 
::shudders::
	2) If the text keeps dripping, I'm sorry but that's how it came out 
on the site for some weird 	reason.
	3) I'll make sure to update the chapters with corrections and to tag 
the speech of the goddesses.
	Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this and be sure to tell me what you 
think!
	Next Chapter: Beginnings and Endings...
BTW: A separate website will soon be posted and there will be previews 
of the fic, fan art, and news.
Till next time folks:
BYE!
