By Ben Skinner
TENCHI MUYO!

NO NEED 
FOR
HAPPINESS


	She had decided to write it down, so that she would never
forget how happy she was.  Kiyone picked up a pen and paper,
she was still so choked full of happiness, she had to calm herself
down before she wrote her story...  
	
	
	"All right let's go," Kiyone said, "we have our assignment
we are to track down a known space pirate named Ryoko."  
	She looked at her partner Mihoshi, who was sitting on a
chair, ruining the leaves on a plant.  "Mihoshi?" Kiyone asked in
an inquiring voice "um Mihoshi?" Kiyone asked again growing
more angry.  "Do do da da da de do da da," Mihoshi hummed,
still ruining the leaves of the same plant she had been a minute
ago.
	Kiyone, her anger now showing looked directly down at
Mihoshi.  "MIHOSHI!!!" she shouted in anger, "WILL YOU
PLEASE PAY ATTENTION!!!!!"  
	Mihoshi looked up at Kiyone with that Blank look in her
eyes that Kiyone knew all to well.  "Oh Kiyone, HI, I didn't
know you were there, how's it going!"  Mihoshi said with that
perky little voice of her's.  
	Then Kiyone got that look that half frustrated half 
confused look on her face, and she just knew it was going to be
one of those days.  "Mihoshi are you listening?" Kiyone asked. 
	"ROGER!" Mihoshi exclaimed.
	"Good, now we have our assignment, we are to track
down a space pirate named Ryoko," Kiyone said in a stern,
serious voice.  
	Kiyone pulled out a pen and pushed the button at the top,
a small bar swung out then a screen.
	"Here's the wanted poster," Kiyone said as she pressed the
button on top of the pen again, then a picture of Ryoko the
greenish blue haired space pirate popped up on the screen.
	"WOW! she is pretty who is she?" Mihoshi asked.  The
anger in Kiyone's eyes was visible, then she broke down in tears,
"WHY ME!!!!" Kiyone yelled in anguish.  Kiyone's voice rang
down the halls of Galaxy Police H.Q. Several officers stopped to
look at her, Mihoshi just went back to ruining the leaves on that
plant.

LATER ON BOARD THE YAGAMI...

	"Mihoshi, Plot a course to Ryoko's last known location,
Full speed," Kiyone shouted.
	"Roger," Mihoshi Exclaimed as she tapped out a few
commands on the on one of the control panels

15 Minutes later

	The Yagami came up on a Earth like looking world.  On
the bridge Kiyone took control of The Yagami, "Who knows
what would happen if Mihoshi took it into orbit," Kiyone
thought.  
	Kiyone sat down in one of the command chairs, and went
deep into thought.  
	"Oh what are you thinking about Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked
while she was working on a control panel.
	"How I would like to push you out of one of the
windows." Kiyone said under her breath.  
	"What Kiyone," Mihoshi asked, "did you say something?"
	"Um no," Kiyone replyed, "But, if we are to track down
Ryoko we Had better go under cover, if two people come down
to a planet full of scum and villainy in G.P. uniforms people
may become suspicious."  "You're probably right," Mihoshi
Replied with a voice that suggested she was actually thinking. 
"I KNOW!" Mihoshi Exclaimed, "maybe if we go under cover
as space pirates." 
	"Mihoshi your powers of deduction are exceptional,"
Kiyone said sarcastically.  "WOW!" Mihoshi exclaimed with a
smile on her face, "thanks so much."
	"Well let's get our disguises on," Kiyone said with a tired
element in her voice as she walked into another room.
	When she came out she was dressed in a black jumpsuit,
with red sleeves and a black cape.
	Mounted on her belt was a disguised Galaxy police side
arm, if not for the light on the bridge The lock of black hair
Hanging off her shoulder would not be visible.
	"WOW, Kiyone you look great," Mihoshi exclaimed with
a surprised look on her face "Ya, ya just go suit up," was
Kiyone's only reply.  "ROGER," Mihoshi exclaimed as she
entered the room Kiyone had exited only moments ago.

	Moments later Mihoshi came out of the room.  Kiyone's
eyes widened, "Oh no," Kiyone Under her bereath, "please no." 
Mihoshi came out of the room with a pair of black boots on and
a long blue pirate over coat with gold pipeing around the collar
and sleevs, she also had on a pair of white pants and a white
shirt with lace on the chest area.  A black leather eye patch
covered Mihoshi's right eye, a tri-corner hat sat on her head, a
fake parrot rested on her shoulder. 
	"ARG!" Mihoshi, exclaimed in a deep raspy voice while
waving a sword in the air.
	"MIHOSHI!!!," Kiyone yelled angrily, "WHAT DO YOU
THINK YOU'RE DOING!!!"  "Well you told me to dress like a
pirate," Mihoshi argued.  " A SPACE PIRATE YOU IDIOT!!!,"
Kiyone yelled in anger.
	Tears began to form in the corners of Mihoshi's eyes, then
she began to cry.  "I'm sorry Kiyone," Mihoshi sobbed.  "Oh,
that's ok just go back in and get it right ok," Kiyone said in a
sympathetic voice.  "Roger!," Mihoshi shouted excitedly,
clearing the tears from her eyes.
	"Let's go," Kiyone said to Mihoshi as she exited the room.
They exited off the bridge and walked down to one of the
hangers onboard Yagami.  When they entered the hanger a small
silver ship stood there.  They entered the cockpit.
	"Don't worry I'll take control," said Mihoshi.  "NO NO!,"
Kiyone stopped her partner, "that's ok I'll do it."  "Are you
sure?" Mihoshi asked.
	"Ya, don't you remember what happened last time you
took us out in one of those?" Kiyone replied.  "Ya, I remember
that was the best just you, me, and that little island in the middle
of an ocean on that deserted planet." Mihoshi said.  Kiyone just
sighed and sat at the controls.  She tapped out a few commands
on a control pad and they were on their way.

On the planet... 

	They walked into a seedy bar after landing their ship. 
Kiyone walked up to the bar, Mihoshi followed just behind her. 
"Hi, how are you we're from Galaxy," Mihoshi started, she was
stopped when Kiyone elbowed her in the stomach.  "What did
she say?" the bar tender asked in a gruff voice.  "Oh, nothing,"
Kiyone said. she leaned over to the bar tender's ear, "We had a
little accident awhile back and, well she hasn't quite been the
same since," Kiyone wispered.  The bar tender looked at
Mihoshi, "I known fellers like that," he said. "now what do you
want?" he asked in a surly tone.
	"We're looking for this woman," Kiyone said "have you
seen her?"

	The bar tender looked at the picture for a moment, "Ya I
know er she's a regular here, she may know more though," he
said pointing to a woman in a corner wearing a black hood. 
"Nagi," Kiyone thought aloud.   They walked over to the table
where she was sitting.  Nagi looked up at Mihoshi, "Isn't that a
Galaxy Police battle suit?" Nagi asked looking at what Mihoshi
had put on in her haste.  "Well that's because I'm from Galax,"
Mihoshi started again but Kiyone gave her a small kick to the
shin just in time.  "Are you trying to be a moron, or does it come
naturaly?!" Kiyone asked in an angry voice.  "Sorry," Mihoshi
said in a fretful tone.  "What's wrong with her anyway?" Nagi
asked almost without feeling.  "Ask the bar tender later," Kiyone
said sarcasticly.
	"Anyway have you seen this woman?" Kiyone asked, as
she showed the picture to Nagi.
	Nagi's eyes narrowed "Hm hm hm hm mmm," she
laughed, "Ryoko."  
	"You know her?" Kiyone asked.  "Ya, Ryoko and I go
way back," She said in a menacing tone, "why are you looking
for her?"  Kiyone thought for a moment, "Um... We're old
friends," she replied.  "But Kiyone we've never," Mihoshi started
once again Kiyone had to shut her up.  Nagi looked down at her
drink,  "Ryoko is somewhere near Mars," she said."Tell her
when we next meet she's a dead woman,"  Nagi said without
feeling, "and if you're going after her for the reward I will hunt
you down too."  Kiyone looked at Nagi and smiled "Thank you
for the information," Kiyone said, "C'mon Mihoshi."  
	"Ok," Mihoshi said in her usual perky voice.  Nagi looked
at them one last time before they walked out then turned back to
her drink.  

Back on board Yagami...

	"Mihoshi set a course for Mars," Kiyone said, "I'm going
to change back into my uniform."  Mihoshi tapped a few
commands into the control panel, "Roger!" she exclaimed.

	Yagami quickly reached Mars.  In orbit around Mars
there was a four pronged black space ship.  Kiyone still hadn't
returned to the bridge.  "Well I'd better hail them," Mihoshi
thought.  She turned on the communications system.  When the
picture came up she saw Ryoko sitting in a chair with empty
bottles of sake laying all around.  "Um hello there miss can I ask
you a question," Mihoshi asked in an inquiring voice.  "What
oh, hello sure you can," Ryoko said with a drunken smile on her
face she was obviously hung over.  "Have you seen any space
pirates around here?" Mihoshi asked.  "Nope no space pirates
here," Ryoko replied.  Just then Kiyone walked in and looked at
the screen.  "Well thank you," Mihoshi said in a perky voice. 
Kiyone's mouth dropped wide open.  "MIHOSHI! THAT WAS
RYOKO!" Kiyone yelled.  
	Ryoko's space ship started to fly away.  "Quick follow
her!" Kiyone shouted.  Yagami started after Ryoko.  Ryoko fired
a laser blast at Yagami with such skill that it struck and disabled
the engine.  Yagami returned fire but the ship avoided all of the
laser blasts.  Kiyone looked at Mihoshi who was still in the
Galaxy Police battle suit.  "Mihoshi take one of the patrol ships
and follow her quickly!" Kiyone exclaimed.  "Roger!" Mihoshi
shouted as she left the bridge.  Kiyone saw the small silver ship
disembark from Yagami.  Kiyone turned on the nose-cam on the
patrol ship.  She saw the two exchange fire then they collided
with each other.  They hurtled twoards a small blue planet. 
Kiyone waited five minutes for a distress call but got none. 
Then she shouted out with joy, "YES!"  She ploped herself
down into one of the command chairs.  It would be at least three
hours untill help arived.  "No one could have survived that
crash," she said happily out loud.  My nightmare is over!" she
exclaimed.  Kiyone sat back in the chair closed her eyes and
smiled....
	
	Kiyone looked over the paper once more.  "It's perfect,"
she said as she put it away in a drawer next to her bed.  She
layed back in bed, "My nightmare is over," she muttered. 
Kiyone yawned and fell asleep.


(I didn't create Tenchi Muyo nor do I own the rights to it, the
rights belong to those lovable folks at Pioneer and AIC.)  