I'm really kinda worried about posting this one. I
started this a quite a while back. I had originally
set it in the TV series b/c I hadn't seen the OAVs
yet, but once I did see them, I realized that the OAV
continuancy fit better. 
I remember that Gensao's TM! FF page had a challenge a
while back (I'm not sure it's even still going) for
someone to come up with a story where Tenchi and Ayeka
end up together in a monagamous relationship (No other
wives. Just Ayeka.) I kinda hope to accomplish that
with this story.
Ja ne!

Sakuya-sama ^_^ no Jurai

P.S. C&C are always welcome and if anyone could
possibly think of a better title I'd really appreciate
it b/c I'm still not sure about this one.


Happily Ever After
A Tenchi Muyo! Fanfic 
written by 
Heather McNully AKA Sakuya Misaki AKA Ran-chan

Part 1

	Ayeka sits up in bed and rubs the sleep from her
eyes. The sun has risen, marking the beginning of
another day at the Masaki shrine. She yawns and
stretches as she rises from bed and folds up her
futon, placing it on a shelf in the closet along with
Sasami’s. Ayeka goes to the window and throws open the
curtains. She finds herself smiling as she lingers at
the window, feeling the warmth of the bright morning
sunshine on her face.
	Quietly she walks downstairs and makes her way into
the kitchen.
	"Good morning, Sasami," Ayeka says, seeing her little
sister hard at work preparing the morning meal.
	"Oh! Good morning Ayeka!" Sasami says looking up from
her cooking, "I didn’t expect you up so soon. I’ll
have breakfast ready in a little while."
	"It’s such a beautiful day today. I think I shall go
out for a walk...."
	"Okay. I’ll call you when breakfast is ready."
	Ayeka strolls through the endless fields surrounding
the Masaki shrine, daydreaming and just simply
enjoying herself, "How peaceful, how serene...," she
thinks, "It’s almost like something out of a fairy
tale...," she heaves a deep sigh, "There’s only one
thing that could make this absolutely perfect......"
	"Hey!" a distant voice calls out to her, interrupting
her thoughts, "Ayeka!!"
	"Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka smiles to see the owner of the
voice. Tenchi is out in the fields, tending to his
vegetable garden. He waves at Ayeka, causing her to
become even more happy than she already was. "Good
morning, Lord Tenchi!" she calls out as she
approaches.
	"Good morning, Miss Ayeka!" Tenchi greets her, "You
sure are up early this morning."
	"Well... yes....," Ayeka blushes, "I just thought it
might be nice to get out and go for a walk."
	"Yeah. I guess this place is it’s most beautiful in
the morning... I’m about finished here... Do you mind
if I join you?"
	"Why, not at all, Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka smiles.
	"Tenchi! Ayeka! Breakfast is ready!" Sasami calls
from the house.
	"Well, I guess it’s just as well. I’ve got to take
some of these vegetables in to the house anyway,"
Tenchi says.
	He takes hold of one handle and goes for the other,
but Ayeka grabs it before he can get to it. They smile
at each other as they carry the basket together.
	The basket suddenly begins to shake and a loud
munching noise can be heard from inside. Tenchi fishes
through it and pulls out Ryo-ohki. "And just what do
you think you’re doing?" he asks the thieving little
cabbit.
	"Miya, miyaaaaaa, miyaa!" Ryo-ohki says with an
innocent look on her face.
	"Here," Tenchi sets the cabbit down and hands her a
carrot.
	"Miya!" Ryo-ohki thanks Tenchi. Reverting to her more
human form, she takes hold of the carrot and happily
scampers away.
Tenchi looks at Ayeka and the two begin to laugh.
"He certainly is wonderful....," Ayeka thinks as she
gazes dreamily at Tenchi, "If only... this could last
forever....."
	"Princess Ayeka....."
	Ayeka awakes from her daydream state to see her two
guardians in front of her. "Azaka, Kamidake, what is
it?"
	"We have an urgent message from Jurai," Kamidake
replies.
	"Emperor Azusa wanted to speak with you....
privately," Azaka says.
	"My father...," Ayeka says thoughtfully. She turns to
Tenchi, "Lord Tenchi... if you would excuse me....."
	"It’s okay, Ayeka.... I’ll see you at breakfast...,"
Tenchi takes the basket and continues towards the
house.
	Ayeka watches as Tenchi slowly disappears from view.
"Well.....," Ayeka says suddenly, "Don’t just stand
there... Put me through to him right away!"
	"Yes ma’am," they reply in unison. 
	A beam of light emits from both Azaka and Kamidake,
combining to create a holographic image in front of
the princess.
	"Hello, Ayeka," the man in the image says. 
	"Hello, father," Ayeka replies.
	"Ayeka.... I’m sure you know why I am calling you
now..."
	"Yes. I have been expecting it...."
"Is that Ayeka on?" a second voice off screen says,
"Let me talk to her! Let me talk!" Suddenly, the
emperor is being shoved aside, "Hi sweetie!!!" It is
Ayeka’s mother, Misaki.
"He-hello.... mommy.....," Ayeka says.
"How have you been? That Tenchi boy has been a
gentleman, hasn’t he? What about Sasami? Do you sing
her to sleep for me?" Misaiki says, "Are you taking
care of yourselves? Making sure to brush your teeth
every night before bed?"
"Yes,... mommy.... Everything’s fine...."
"I can’t wait to see you again! I’ve missed my babies
so much!" she exclaims.
"Can I please talk to my daughter now?!" Emperor Azusa
asks impatiently.
"Of course, dear. Bye, baby!"
"Goodbye.... mommy..."
"Ahem...," Azusa clears his throat and continues,
"Now, the ship to bring you home should arrive there
in approximately twenty-four earth hours. I will
expect you and your sister to be ready to board at
that time. Do you understand?"
"Yes, sir...," Ayeka replies.
"Good. I shall look forward to seeing you soon.
Jurai-out." With this, the screen disappears.
".... tomorrow...," Ayeka says thoughtfully.
	"What is the matter, Lady Ayeka?" Azaka asks.
	"Yes, what troubles you, Princess?" Kamidake asks,
"This is a joyous occasion. Your parents simply want
to share it with you. Aren’t you happy?"	
"...Yes....I suppose.....I am.....," Ayeka says after
several moments of silence, "I guess I should begin
packing....." She walks solemnly back to the house.
***
Meanwhile, Tenchi has just entered the house via the
back door with his basket-full of fresh vegetables.
"Oh! Hi, Tenchi!" Sasami greets Tenchi as he enters
the house, "Where’s Ayeka? I thought I saw her outside
with you."
"I left her talking with Azaka and Kamidake," Tenchi
says placing the basket on the counter in the kitchen,
"They said something about an urgent message from your
father....."
"Huh?" Sasami says puzzled.
Just then Ayeka walks in. An emotionless expression on
her face.
"What is it, Ayeka?" Sasami asks, worried by the look
on her sister’s face, "Tenchi told me that we got a
message from father."
"Is everything okay back on Jurai?" Tenchi asks.
"Yes, Lord Tenchi. Everything is perfectly fine,
but...," Ayeka pauses, "my father wants Sasami and I
to return home immediately......."
"Go home?!" Sasami says, almost dropping the food in
her hands, "But I thought that he said we could stay
here!" 
"We can’t stay here forever, Sasami.... As the first
and second princesses of Jurai we have a duty to our
people.... To stay here would be betraying them....."
"Miss Ayeka....," Tenchi says, "When do you have to
leave?"
	"The ship... the ship will be here.... tomorrow...."
"Tomorrow?! But why so soon, Ayeka?" Sasami asks,
still not understanding.
"Stop that, Sasami!" Ayeka scolds, "I don’t want to
hear anymore of that sort of talk. We will be leaving
tomorrow whether you want to or not....."
"But... but I like it here.... I don’t want to leave
yet... I don’t want to leave my friends....," Sasami
says beginning to cry, "I’ll never get to see Tenchi
and Ryo-ohki and Ryoko and Grandfather and everyone
else....."
"It’s okay, Sasami," Tenchi says trying to comfort the
little girl, "We can always come out there to visit...
and I’ll write as often as I can......"
Sasami begins to cry even more, "I don’t want to leave
yet! I’m not ready to go home!" Sasami latches onto
Tenchi’s waist, burying her head in his chest. 
"After we finish our chores we will need to begin
packing. Is that clear, Sasami?" Ayeka says sternly.
"Yes..... Ayeka.....," Sasami replies meekly.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++