The Hardest of Truths
By Elena Sanchez
Copyright: 9/6/98

Hello! ^_^ This is one of my first Fics written. Hope you like it. Now
on with the rambling.
Mayuka or the rest of the Tenchi gang are not my property. They are the
property of Pioneer. But you knew that. If you have any comments (I
welcome flames, praises...anything) e-mail me at SammyHChan@aol.com. On
with the story!



The Hardest of Truths Part 1
------------------------------------

Soft...
Beautiful...
Mayuka smiled and she brushed the tips of the white and pink against her
cheek. The petals felt like feathers. Mayuka lied in the field, on her
back and gazed up at the sun. It was a warm summer day. Mayuka loved the
summer but the winter had always been the season she cherished the most.
For the most part it was because of Christmas. Mayuka loved how happy
everyone was. She loved the carols, the smell of Sasami's cooking
filling almost each room of the house, the warmth of the Christmas Eve
fire. She loved the presents, with their bright wrapping and beautiful
silk bows, tied tightly around the box. She almost hated the fact that
she had to tear through the beauty to get the actual present. She also
loved how the ornaments hung from the trees limbs, illuminated by the
light so they looked like glowing orbs of bright splendid color.

Tenchi, her daddy, had told her that ever since she was little she'd
loved Christmas. Mayuka had spent times wishing she was born on
Christmas. It would be the day she could call her own. 

"Mayuka! Mayuka where are you!?"
Mayuka sat up quickly. "Over here Sasami!" She waved her arm to the
little figure in the distance. Sasami had always been Mayuka's best
friend no matter what. Even though Mayuka was only thirteen and Sasami
was twenty-seven, they got along great. Mayuka considered the age
difference as Sasami jogged over. She really only looked about
seventeen. Mayuka had asked once why this was and Sasami had explained
it was because her features aged slower than her age. Though Mayuka
hadn't understood it at the time it all became clear to her as she aged.
Oh well...I'll be fourteen soon anyway. And age has never mattered
before. It won't now either. 

"Hi Mayuka! What are you doing way out here?" Sasami asked with a bright
smile. To Mayuka, Sasami was almost always happy. It was so nice to have
someone as optimistic as her and she often wondered how Sasami managed.
Sasami was sister to, the now Queen of Jurai, Aeka. Aeka visited a few
times, but was often busy with political debates that rose often on her
planet of Jurai. Sasami had wanted to stay on Earth. Mayuka was about
ten when Aeka moved away. She hated to see her Aunt Aeka leave. Aeka had
always strived to teach her about the fine things in life. Like how to
be polite and ladylike. Mayuka cherished every lesson because she had
learned from her grandfather that every lesson is like a gold coin,
after you have enough they'll end up being of great value.

"I was just lazing around. What brings you out here?" 
"It's time for lunch. Everyone has been looking for you. We need to
discuss your birthday party!" Sasami grabbed her hand and pulled her up.
Mayuka stood. "All right! Let's go!" she smiled. 

FLASH!

"Yeah come on!" 
A young girl with pigtails. Her hair was a hazel red and up in pigtails
which were much longer than hers. The girl looked up into misty gray
eyes and then...

FLASH!

"Mayuka?"
Where was she...? Sky...Clouds...
"Mayuka! Answer me!" 
She looked up and saw Sasami kneeling over her. What had happened...?
"Oh Mayuka...did it happen again?"
Had it? Yes it had...yes

Mayuka nodded weakly. "Yeah..." she rubbed her head and Sasami helped
her up. "Are you okay?" Sasami asked with grave worry in her voice.
Mayuka shook her head. She took a step and wobbled weakly. Everything
spun. Sasami held onto Mayuka's hand and put a hand on her shoulder.
"Let's go home now Mayuka..." Mayuka nodded again. Home...



***


She knew she'd get use to this eventually...It was just a matter of
when.
One foot in front of the other...though it would've helped to see where
exactly her feet were. "Damn this stomach..." She couldn't see over it. 
"Whoa! Let me help you!" called Tenchi Masaki. He gingerly took his
wife's hand and led her down the stairs. She had now been about eight
and a half weeks pregnant. Pregnant with the children of her handsome
husband who she'd loved since...well so back it was so hard to remember.
Her feelings had never really revealed themselves until one night...One
hot summer night, in the dark and sitting next to him in the moonlight,
on the verge of tears...

"Ryoko...are you okay? Do you need anything?" Tenchi asked with concern
and worry etched into his voice. Ryoko nodded, smiling pleasantly. He
had always fretted and fussed over her since day one of her pregnancy.
Neither knew what it would be. Male of Female. They had decided
together, in bed, snuggled close to each other, that they would do
things the old fashioned way. Though she knew Tenchi was leaning toward
boy. He had a daughter already. Speaking of which...Where is Mayuka and
Sasami? She thought to herself, once at the bottom of the stairs with
Tenchi.

SLAM! The door burst open. 
"Huh?"
"Wha-!?"
Sasami ran in, tired and red from running. Strands of pearl blue hair
fell against the side of her face, from her ponytail, which was usually
neatly kept.
"Sasami wha-" Tenchi had no time to finish.
"Tenchi hurry! It happened again..." Sasami said sadly. Ryoko and Tenchi
exchanged worried looks. Things were only getting worse and the couple
knew that things could only get even more worse before they got better.

End of Part 1



What'd ya think? Good, bad? Rotten awfull terrible? Good, great loved
it? Comments please! ^_^

SammyHChan@aol.com
