The Hardest of Truths
By Elena Sanchez
Part 2 Copyright: 2/26/00

Wow!! Long time huh? I hope you guys are still interested in this story. I've 
had it done but I truthfully forgot about it. I would like to dedicate this part 
to Andrew Painter. He E-mailed me commenting me on this story after so long. 
This is dedicated to all you guys who hung in there and waited for me! So here 
goes nothing! Part 2!


The Hardest of Truths Part 2
------------------------------------

FLASH!

"Wait for me Daddy! Daaaaadeeeee!!!!"

FLASH!

"You wouldn't dare!!"
....
"AAAAAAAAAH!!!!"

FLASH!

"AHHHHHHH!!!!"
"Mayuka! Mayuka wake up!! Wake up!!" Sasami was shaking Mayuka desperately. 
Things still didn't quite register to Mayuka. She had been falling...REALLY fast 
too. Now she was awake?
"Huh?"

"Oh Mayuka are you all right?" 
Mayuka looked over and realized the person who had panicking was Sasami. Mayuka 
shook her head. She managed a weak, little "yes" to escape her lips, but she 
still wasn't sure. "Come on...let's go downstairs and get you something to 
eat..." Sasami pleaded. Mayuka nodded weakly. "I just want to figure this 
out..." she muttered almost silently. It wasn't a surprise to her when Sasami 
didn't quite catch it and asked "What?"


***

"Washu can't you do something!?!" Tenchi yelled. 
Washu was still analyzing the data she collected and she could've very easily 
have set Tenchi in some odd contraption that still was in it's "experimental 
stages" for not allowing her to concentrate.
"Tenchi this will take tim-"
"Washu we don't have time! These-ah-visions! They're getting worse..."
Washu stood and stared Tenchi in the eyes. She was not at all angry. Her past 
anger for being interrupted had faded. She could see the worry and hurt in 
Tenchi's eyes. As the years had progressed Tenchi HAD indeed become a father 
figure for Mayuka. Albeit he HAD been reluctant to hold Mayuka as a baby, when 
the girls had finally convinced him he could scarcely let go. True he had yet 
another daughter (as Ryoko was so convinced) on the way but Mayuka would always 
be his first daughter. She'd always be his and now Washu could see in his eyes 
that if he had to, like any father, he would die for no harm to come to his 
daughter. 
Washu placed a hand gently on his shoulder and smiled softly, reassuringly. "I'm 
aware Tenchi...and I'm doing all I can"
Tenchi hung his head in sorrow. He'd have to be patient...for now...

***

"So what was your dream?" Ryoko asked one arm around Mayuka gently. Mayuka 
stared into her glass of milk which sat beside a small ivory plate filled with 
colorful candy sprinkled, sugar cookies.
"Um...well..." Mayuka couldn't look Ryoko in the face. She ran her fingertip 
around the cookie's exterior.
Mayuka strained to remember. She had to remember. She had to! She had been 
chasing...someone...her daddy!?

FLASH!

"Ahahahaha- HEY WHY'D YOU - "

FLASH!

The words faded and Mayuka straightened up. "I ...was...chasing Daddy..."
Sasami leaned her face closer. "Tell us Mayuka"
"I dunno... ugh..." she groaned closing her eyes. She strained to remember. 
"Think think think think!" she urged her mind, silently to herself.
"I was...chasing daddy...for a bath...I think...but...then I was falling ... 
really ah I can't remember!" Mayuka screamed. The mere thought of these memories 
being at her fingertips then being unable to grasp them drove her nuts.
Mayuka slammed her palms on the table, keeping her eyes closed. The force 
rattled the cookies on the plate.
"Mayuka...you'll remember in time..." Ryoko pleaded softly. Her hand massaged 
Mayuka's shoulder soothingly but Mayuka stood up suddenly, Ryoko's hand slipping 
away. 
"No ! I wanna know NOW!" Mayuka screamed running off to the one place she could 
think to find answers.

***
"Yuzuha?" Washu gasped aloud. 
"What?" Tenchi asked hurriedly. He ran to Washu's side examining the data for 
his own self. 
"This is very bad Tenchi...very" Washu said, still sifting through certain 
tidbits of info. 
"What's going on is?! Is Yuzuha still alive?!" Tenchi asked, on the verge of 
cracking. 
"No but when I remade Mayuka I -"
Washu suddenly noticed Tenchi was still. VERY still and looking in one spot in 
particular. 
A small girl stood there her hands clutched at her chest. The look on her face 
was positively stricken. Tears could be seen welled up in her golden hued eyes. 
"Mayuka..." Tenchi whispered sadly.

End of Part 2

Whatcha think? Still as attention grabbing? Sorry to leave you all at a cliff 
hanger, but they're so fun!! Part three is halfway done so look forward to it 
soon! Ja Ne to you all!

SammyHChan@aol.com
or
PKAerynSun@Msn.com
