Disclaimer
Tenchi Muyo!, and all its characters belong to Pioneer and AIC, I'm just
writing about them and I'm not making money off this.  Don't sue me.

Copyright 2001.  All rights reserved.

    Well my second fic is finished.  I've gotten favorable reviews for the
first one (Thank you Christ!).  I initially thought it wasn't all that
great,
but to hell with what I think.  I hope this one is even better.  Thank you
for reading my pointless drivel.

Anyhoo, enjoy!



    Yatojo found himself staring into darkness. <Am I dead?>.

    "No, my son, you are quite alive" a voice echoed in the black.  He
recognized the voice as Tsunami, his creator.

    "My creator . . . forgive me, for I have failed you.", he said with
reverence.

    "No.  Don't apologize, Yatojo.   You did what I wanted you to do."

    "But, how?  You gave me specific instructions to keep my presence
hidden."

    Tsunami sighed, then said, "Yatojo, why did you save Ryoko's life?"

    He thought for a moment and realized he cared about this stranger called
Ryoko, and how the strangers in that house would feel if she had managed to.
. .   "I don't know.", he said in denial

    "Yes, you do.  It's because you started to care about others.  An hour
before, you made a prediction that Ryoko would take her own life . . . and
you didn't care if you were right or wrong.  ‘Ryoko being as passionate as
she will probably kill herself.  No matter.  As long as I keep Tenchi
breathing, nothing matters.'", his exact thought echoed through the darkness
. . . and it made him shiver.
    Not at all surprised she knew all this information, he asked, "Why do I,
all of a sudden, care now?"

    "Washu and myself have been putting emotion in your mind.  You will need
all of them to help me in this war against Tokimi.  I cannot explain why at
this time, but you will need to learn how to be human.  To do that I must
keep you from regenerating your power."

    Not at all liking the idea of being weakened, he stammered "But, but,
but. . . " trying to find a reason that she shouldn't do that.

    Tsunami beat him to the mark. "Tenchi Masaki is to become my greatest
warrior and I will protect him myself, so don't worry that, but you must
also
train him for the trials ahead.  You cannot have your powers back until you
are human." she said with a ‘that's final' tone in her voice.  "What must
be
done, must be done."  And with that, he was thrown back to consciousness

****************

    Ryoko sat up and looked around, thinking the Masaki's attic was her
eternity.  She saw a person in a mask lying prone on the floor.  She then
saw, she sitting in a pool of her own blood.  she thought, sadly. <Who the
hell is that> Just then Washu, burst into the attic ran to Ryoko and gave
her
a hug that would make Misaki wince.

    "DON'T EVER DO THAT AGAIN!!!!" she screamed into Ryoko's somewhat
confused face.  The tears were now flowing freely from Washu's eyes.  "I
thought I had lost you.  Damn it to hell Ryoko!!!  Don't you realize what
that would do to me?!  Don't you realize what that would do to Tenchi?  If
you cared for him at all, you would be willing to forgive him his mistakes!"

    "Mom.  My.  Ribs." she struggled to say.  Now thinking straight, Ryoko
began to think of the hurt and sorrow Tenchi would feel, and it would have
been her fault.  Knowing he would blame himself and live with that guilt the
rest of his life.  Ryoko began to cry too. <Am I so selfish that I can't see
what my actions do to others?> "I promised I would never hurt him and look
how close I came.  You won't tell him will you?"

    "No.  I won't tell him" said her mother quietly.

    After holding each other for a long moment, Washu stood up and walked
over to Yatojo.  She removed his mask to reveal, much to her surprise, a boy
who looked only a little older then Tenchi.  The youth had long black hair
and a handsome, though very pale, face, with three silver triangle's on his
forehead.

    "Ryoko, this man is the one who saved you" Washu said solemnly.

    Ryoko looked at his face for a moment.  "He's not dead, is he?", she
asked worriedly

    She checked his pulse, it was very weak, but it was there.  "Come on, we
gotta get him to the lab."

    Ryoko tried to teleported them, but found her powers didn't function.
"Huh?"

    "What?  What's wrong?" Asked Washu, her voice full of concern

    "It's my powers, they won't work."

    "He used his last ounce of power to nullify yours.  He was afraid you
might try it again.  It'll wear off in a couple of hours.  C'mon.  Help me
carry him.

 They carried Yatojo to the lab and Washu put a sign that read ‘DO NOT
DISTURB' on the door handle.

****************

    For a moment Ayeka thought she saw Ryoko and Washu, both covered in
blood, carrying an unconscious, or dead, stranger into Washu's lab.  "Uh . .
. Mihoshi did you see that?"
    "See what Ayeka?", said Mihoshi absently, too hypnotized by a soap opera
to notice the bizarre sight.

    "Never mind, I must have imagined it." <That was too strange to be
real.>, she thought but her eyes widened as she looked back at the door to
the lab and saw the DO NO DISTURB sign. <Perhaps I should get Azaka and
Kamidake> "I'm going to bed. Goodnight, Mihoshi"

    "Uh huh"

    "Devoid of brains", Ayeka muttered to herself.  She walked up the stairs
and into her room, trying to forget what she had just witnessed

****************

    Ryoko and Washu carried Yatojo over to a medical table.  Washu phased
into her tight fitting nurses uniform.  "Uh, Mom, I don't think he'll
appreciate that."

    "I think he will.  Here, put this on."  She handed Ryoko a uniform.

    Ryoko just blinked at her, "Your joking!"

    "It's the only thing I have that's sterilized, put it on."  Washu
demanded.

    Although disgusted, Ryoko complied.  Washu summoned her transparent
computer, pressed a few keys and a very large amount of synthetic life
energy
was injected into Yatojo.  "That should do it."  Washu said with relief.

    "That's all we had to do!  Then why do we have to wear these!"

    "You still need to be sterilized."  Washu explained.  "I have no idea
what could affect him when he's this weak."

    "Who is he anyway?"

    Washu told her who he was, why he had come, and what he still had left
to
do.

    "This is Yatojo?  I thought he was just a legend."  looking at his
tranquil face, not believing that the heart beneath it could be capable of
such terrifying deeds.

    "Tsunami told me she had created him but I wouldn't have believed it,
had
I not once met him."

    "You know him?"

    "No one knows him.  That was the way he preferred it.  It would be
easier
getting to know a wall."

    "So are you saying he's evil?"

    "Not at all.  He can't be good or evil.  Those both require intent.
Tsunami's orders are all he does and nothing more."

    "Then if he's so uncaring, why did he save me."

    "I was putting the emotions in his mind.  He took pity on you.  He has
them all now, but I don't know how he'll react."

    "Why should we worry about that?"

    "Aside from the fact he almost died to save you, he's now almost
powerless, and all those gadgets he has won't work without a majority of his
own power.  He doesn't know us and in his mind we're a threat."

    "Why should he think that?"

    "That's the way he was designed.  Tsunami made him to be the best
military genius in the universe and when he doesn't have any power, he is to
look at anything that moves of it's own accord as a possible threat."

    <Eh, he's still kinda cute>, Ryoko thought.

    "I don't think if you should have two love interests, lil' Ryoko.  Isn't
your life complicated enough as it is?", said Washu tauntingly.

    " Shut up, MOM!" , very annoyed that her mother was reading her
thoughts.

     Washu looked at her monitor and it showed that Yatojo was conscious and
apparently eavesdropping on their conversation.  "He's awake" Washu
whispered

    "What does that mean?"

    "It means he's been playing us for fools!"

    Getting the idea, Ryoko walked over to where he lay.

     warned Washu, telepathically.

    <Don't worry about it> Ryoko replied, throwing caution to the wind.

****************

    Yatojo had been awake for some time now and he had found out where he
was
quite easily without opening his eyes.  There was no smell that he could
sense, The only voices her heard were Ryoko and Washu's, he felt he was on a
metal table, and there were things buzzing and whirring in the background.
He regulated his breathing and heart rate so that it would appear he was
unconscious.

    After hearing their discussion, he thought <So I have all emotions now.
Just perfect.>  dripping with as much sarcasm as possible.  When he heard
Washu whisper something, he knew he had been found out. <If I'm not
conscious
they wouldn't worry about me hearing them.  Damn.> A moment later he felt
someone breathing on his face. <smells like saki. . .Ryoko.  Judging from
the
distance I could snap her neck and use her as a human shield, if I needed
to.> He immediately realized two things.  Number one healing oneself was not
considered a power,  so that had escaped his nullification.  Number two he
wouldn't need to. <Why would you need to?  These people owe you nothing but
gratitude, fool!  Why should they be a threat!>  He scolded himself.  That
was new.  Death had always been a viable solution to any problem he had ever
had with a mortal, but not now. <Because. . .I can't.  I'm one of them.>

    "Thank you." Ryoko whispered in his ear.  "You can stop pretending, no
one's going to hurt you."  Seeming to read his thoughts

    after a long silence he asked "Why should I trust you?" keeping his eyes
closed.

    Ryoko, who hadn't expected a response, stuttered, "Well, uh, uh, uh. .
."

    "Because she's my daughter and you know me" Washu interjected.

    He opened his eyes and sat up. "That was quite some time ago, you are a
much different person now."

    "And you aren't?"

    "Not until yesterday, no."  He noticed the garb they were clad in.  He
narrowed his eyes at Washu and said "Why are you wearing that?  You look
ridiculous."

    Washu looked at him then down at the uniform.  She started to blush.
"Well you see, uh. . ."

    "Hi you guys!  Whatch'a doing?  Playing doctor again? " said Mihoshi,
seemingly coming out of nowhere

    All three of them looked at her dumbfounded at how she could get into
this fortified place without even trying.

    "Washu, please explain."

    "She is truly one of the great scientific mysteries of the universe.
That's honestly the best I can do"

    "Can I play too?" asked Mihoshi, earnestly.

    Yatojo cut his eyes at Mihoshi and then back to Washu "A great amount of
stupidity is stronger then a great amount of intelligence"

    "What are you guys talking about?  Wait a second who are you?"

    "You don't want to know and I'm not going to tell you"

    "Huh?"

    "Oh, for Christ's sake, can't you stop playing mercenary?!  She's not a
danger to you!" Washu yelled at him.

    "How can I know that!"

    "You guys, stop fighting."  Mihoshi whimpered.  She started to cry.

    <Oh this is to much for one day!> he thought.  "I think that will do."
He swung his legs over the side of the table and was about to leave.

    "Yatojo, I wouldn't. . ."  Washu warned

    To late.  He hopped off the table and promptly collapsed on the floor of
the lab.

    "You're still weak.  You need to wait a couple of hours."  Washu
explained as she helped him back onto the table.

    "The hell with what you think I need.  There are other ways to skin the
proverbial cat" he began to float upwards, then over toward the exit.

    "Stop!  You need to rest first!" Washu called out.

    "I don't ‘need' anything" more to himself than to anyone else

    "I can force you."  Warned Washu appearing in front of him

    "You can't force me to do any-" was as far as he got.  The same
spherical
droid that had once captured Tenchi wrapped it's servitors around Yatojo
before he could react.

    "-thing."  He looked at his predicament and rolled his eyes.  "You
couldn't come up with anything more original than this?  Somehow I would've
expected something more creative from the greatest scientist in the
universe.
 Oh well." he shrugged

    He was trying to arouse her ego and she knew it.  "You can play on my
pride all you want I'm not going to let you go."

    Knowing she saw through his rouse, he half-smiled.  She could not be
tricked so easily and that deserved respect."Very impressive.  All right, I
will rest, willingly.  I don't need to be strapped down."

    "How can I trust you?" she said playfully

    This was getting tiring.  "Washu, your wasting my time.  Whatever you're
going to do, do it now."

    "Is that any way to talk to your aunt, little Yatojo?" in her most
annoying voice.

    He gave her a look that could melt stone.  "Tsunami is not my mother.  I
am not related to you.  Don't ever call me that again." his voice was quiet
but threatening.

    "Jeez, just kidding."  The droid released him.  "Ryoko will show you to
your couch"

    "Huh?"  said Ryoko, who had hoped to stay out of this as much as
possible

    <Just do it!> Washu sent through their mental link.

    Ryoko hesitated, then did so.

    Ryoko walked toward the exit and Yatojo, floating centimeters above the
ground, followed.

    "Washu, who was that?" asked Mihoshi

    She told her the whole story.

    "So. . .who is he again

    Washu face-faulted.  "I'll tell ya tomorrow, go to bed" said an
exasperated Washu.  It had been a very tiring day.

****************

    Ryoko led Yatojo out of the lab and into the Masaki's living room.  She
showed him the couch.  "Sorry.  It's not exactly the Ritz" stated Ryoko.

    "Ritz?"

    "Uh, never mind." with that she floated up to the rafters.  Obviously,
her powers had returned.

     Once Yatojo had lied down, he felt a wave of exhaustion crash upon him.
He had never needed sleep even though it was a convenient to pass time
whenever.  Uncontrollably he fell to it.

    Immediately he was with Tsunami and she was uncharacteristically angry.
"Don't you understand the importance of this?" she said angrily.

    A little surprised at the way she spoke, he answered "Yes, I do.  But I
need time.  I can't be heartless one day and be sociable the next.  It is
beyond my abilities."

    "It doesn't even look like your trying"

    "What else was I supposed to do?!  No one has ever gotten to see my face
and lived, let alone gotten close enough to whisper to me.  I'd say that's
rather good progress." he said.  "I must do this my own way and I must do it
alone."  And he broke out of the dream, leaving Tsunami to stare into
nothingness.

    "Don't you see?  You can't do this alone.  There are limits. . .even for
you.  Boundaries  even you cannot pass on your own" She said sadly.

    If she could magically make him human, with human feelings and human
personality she would do it gladly.  But things such as this were not so
simple.  Nothing was simple anymore.  "If only you could swallow your pride.
. .Why do you think I bade you to go here?"  The Masaki residence had the
widest range of emotions in the universe under one roof, if anyone could
help, it would be them, but in light of what she just saw, it looked
doubtful.  He would have to learn on his own to trust in others.  He would
need to.

    Then the goddess had to smile.  For better or for worse this would prove
to be quite entertaining.

****************

    When Yatojo awoke, he was on the Masaki's couch.  It was 5a.m. <Still
early.  I can get away for a while and try to figure this out.>  Making sure
no one was around, he silently hopped to the floor, and made his way to the
door.  He was about to open it And that memory was only one of many 
    
     thought Yatojo sadly.

    <Don't blame yourself>, Tsunami projected. <If anyone is at fault, it's 
me.  You were just a weapon.  It was I who pulled the trigger>

    <It doesn't matter now, they're all dead>

    <Yes, we can't dwell on the past, we must focus on the present, and I 
can't help but notice a beautiful woman your arms.  Who would have thought?  
You?>

    <You, for example>

    <That may be, but so what?  I know you enjoy her company>

    <Such is the advantage of reading my mind>

    <Yes it is.  I wish you luck in your. . .pursuits>, and with that she was 
gone.

    Did Tsunami just tease him?  He decided this was far too much.

    He was about to leave, but, in her sleep, Ryoko rolled over so that she 
was facing him.  

    For some reason, beyond his comprehension, he hesitated.  He looked upon 
her face and saw what could only be beauty.  She seemed so sedate.  Her 
facial features looked almost elven.  Her spiky cyan bangs came down to the 
bridge of her nose.  Her mouth was curved in just a hint of a smirk, as if 
she knew something he didn't.  

    A few moments before she had taken off her mask of toughness, and showed 
someone who was strong enough to try and bond with a heartless bastard like 
himself.  In some ways, she was stronger, smarter, and more powerful then he 
could ever hope to be.  And yet she was still a child.

    <Her mask is quite like your own, why not follow her example, and shed 
it?> he asked himself

           <What mask?>

    <Don't play stupid.  It doesn't suit you.>

    <.......>

    <Are you hiding the fact that you love her?>

    <LOVE?!  Impossible!>, he scoffed

    <Is it?>

    <Very much so.  I haven't known her for twelve hours.  I haven't even had 
feelings for twelve hours.  It doesn't happen this fast.  Impossible>

    <Nothing's impossible, friend.  Improbable maybe, but never impossible.  
You've often prided yourself on your ability to cope with any situation, and 
as I recall, you were willing to risk everything you had for her.> 

     <Saving her life was guilt, fool.  If I hadn't done something, who 
would've?>

    <That could very well be, but what of the strange sensation you feel 
toward her?>

        

    <Is it so foolhardy to think otherwise?>

    <For the last time, YES!  Even if I did, she does not love me.  She loves 
Tenchi more than life itself.  I will never love anyone, and no one can love 
me!> and he tried desperately to hate her for doing this to him, but he 
failed miserably. 

    After looking at her for what seemed an eternity, before his denial could 
stop him, he took of his right glove and gently caressed her soft cheek. 
<What the hell?!?!?>Ryoko, in her sleep, gently grasped his hand and held it. 
 

    In all his knowledge regarding humanoid unconscious (which wasn't all 
that much, but it was enought) that should not have happened under any 
circumstances.  This seemed a work of fate. 

    Painful, joyful, horrible, fantastic realization crashed on him like a 
tidal wave.  Much like herself and Tenchi, she was the only one to look into 
his eyes without fear.  She was the only one to see beyond his past, and find 
it in her heart to try to help when she, herself was torn apart inside.  She 
had, had the strength to reveal her true self to him.  

    He could no longer deny it.  He loved her.  That's why it was so 
pathetic.  Having unrequited love was not a thing he would've hoped for.  he 
told himself

    Something formed in his eye.  It was unmistakable.  A tear.  His very 
first.  Today would be quite a day for new experiences. 

                      ****************

    Tenchi awoke to feel the same unbridled guilt he had felt the night 
before. <Aw, man I can't believe I said that.  Am I that stupid?> He looked 
at his clock.  "Six, huh.  Better get ready for school."  He got dressed and 
came downstairs.  Sasami was already cooking breakfast.

    "Morning Sasami!"

    "Oh, hi, Tenchi" she said cheerfully

    "What are you making?"

    Can't tell you, it's an old family secret.  Sorry."

    "Oh that's all right, Sasami, I like surprises.  Have you seen Ryoko 
anywhere?

    "No, I haven't.  Why are you looking for her?  She the one that usually 
finds you."

    He rubbed the back of his neck guiltily, "I, uh, kinda hurt her feelings 
last night, and I'd like to apologize." He said, sadly.
    
    "Well if I see her, I'll tell her your looking for her.  Breakfast is 
almost ready, could you go get everyone?"

    "Sure, no problem."

    He walked over to Washu's lab's door and went inside, cautiously.  Who 
knew if she might be interested in getting that special "sample."  When he 
walked in, he saw Washu, asleep on her computer, wearing the nurses uniform.  
Not believing his luck he thought <Oh my God!!!  She was waiting for me and 
fell asleep> Realizing not to push it he opened the door and got ready to run 
if he heard or saw anything conspicuous.  

    "Little Washu, breakfast is ready." he called out anxiously.

    "Huh?  What?" the red-haired scientist said groggily.

    "Sasami's got breakfast ready"

    Rubbing her eyes, she said "Gimme a few minutes, I'll be right up."       
 
    "Have you seen Ryoko around here?"

    Last time I saw her she was (yawn) upstairs" still trying to wake up.

    "Oh, all right then.  See you in a few minutes" He then went to wake up 
Ayeka, and Mihoshi.

    
*****************   
    Ryoko awoke in Yatojo's arms. He wasn't moving and his eyes were staring 
into space, but she saw a single tear run down his cheek.  "What's wrong?" 
she asked with concern

    Surprise showed on his features, but he quickly regained his composure.  
"Nothing.  I'm. . . I'm fine"
    
    <Yeah, right> she thought.  "It's alright.  You can tell me." she said 
sincerely.

    "No.  I can't.  You could not help me."

    "Aren't we friends?" she asked, sitting up.

    "Friends?  Ha!" he laughed humorlessly.  "I don't even know what 
friendship is."  

    <That must be hell> thought Ryoko.  Not knowing a soul in any universe.  
Just being a haunting presence made only to kill, had to be just that, she 
knew.  She herself had once been that.  She knew she would never live like 
that again and she didn't want anyone else to have to either.

    "You know, it doesn't have be that way.  I'll be your friend." she said 
with earnest.

    He recoiled at this, like she had just hit him, scrutinized her for a 
long moment, then finally said "Why do you care so much about my well-being?" 
in a voice barely above a whisper.
    
    "Because I owe you that much"

    He stared into her golden eyes, as if trying to find lies or deceit.  
Giving in, he said, "Alright, Ryoko, I'll try."  

    "I'm glad.  We should probably go back."

    "If you say so"

    They both levitated out of the tree and walked toward the Masaki home.  

    While they were walking, Yatojo asked, "Ryoko, since, we are more or less 
friends now, I must inquire, have you ever told Tenchi what you told me?"

    Ryoko stopped dead in her tracks.  No, she hadn't.  Was that why Tenchi 
was so defensive around her?  Was it because she had never told him about 
herself that he could react to her in no other way than resentment?  And if 
so, was it her fault?

    "Have I said something wrong?" asked Yatojo.

    "No, it's nothing, never mind."she said hastily.

    Ryoko had tried every other road to get Tenchi, <Except that one>.  She 
had never told Tenchi that she had seen him by the cave.  She had never told 
him how she felt. <And someone who has had no experience with this at all, 
comes in and solves it just like that> she thought.  Now maybe Tenchi would 
understand.  Just maybe.


    They came to the gate and they happened to meet Tenchi on his way to 
school.

    "Uh, hi Tenchi" Ryoko said glumly, not meeting his eyes.

    Tenchi looked really ashamed of himself.  "Ryoko, I just want to say I'm 
sorry.  I blamed you for something that wasn't your fault.  Forgive me?" 
Tenchi asked solemnly.

    Instead of receiving an answer he was tackled to the ground and was being 
kissed all over his face.  "Oh Tenchi, I'm so happy!" Ryoko exclaimed happily.

    "Hey c'mon Ryoko!" he yelled.

    They then heard the sound of a throat being cleared loudly.  

    "Oh, right." said Ryoko, standing up "Tenchi this is Yatojo.  Yatojo this 
is Tenchi"

    "Uh, nice to meet you" said Tenchi extending his hand.

    "Likewise"Yatojo said, shaking Tenchi's hand.  "I need to ask for your 
hospitality.  You would not mind?"  He knew Tenchi wouldn't have a choice, 
but that didn't stop him from being polite.

    "Um, sure the more the merrier.  Well I gotta go.  Bye!" and Tenchi made 
his way to the bus stop, leaving Ryoko and Yatojo by themselves.  

    "He won't need to go to school much longer." Yatojo said knowingly.

    "Why not?  Not that I want him to but doesn't he have to go?" asked Ryoko

    "He has a power that makes the lighthawk wings look like trinkets, and he 
will have to fight many battles, but I have to train him and that takes 
priority over education."

    "Are you serious?" 

    "What cause do I have to lie to you?"

    "No, I believe you, it's just that it seems too much for him"

    "Faith in a boy. . .faith in a boy"

    Ryoko looked at him funny for a second then said "What do you say we have 
some breakfast.  I don't know about you but I'm hungry."

    "Yes, I should eat something"

    And they entered the house.  

    Then it hit him. <Why didn't I see this before?!> With his energy 
sustaining her, Ryoko had become for more powerful, then yesterday.  And with 
all three gems combined. . .she would be equal to a goddess, and he would 
have to train her as well.  When anyone was that powerful, looks and thoughts 
could kill.  This was going to be a LOT of work.  But on the upside, Tokimi 
was as good as dead now. 

    But what saddened him was that Ryoko loved Tenchi, and there was no place 
in her heart for himself.  It was all for the better he supposed.  Still, 
there was a feeling of emptiness welling up inside him.  It seemed almost 
like a cancer and all because of that little red whore in chest!.

    As he walked in new faces looked at him with curiosity.


A new day.  A new day. 
   

 

  
Author's notes
    So how was it?  If it was good, tell me.  If it sucked, tell me how I can 
make it better.  Some C&C would be appreciated.
Question.  In episode 5 of the OVA, Ayeka tells Ryoko "It's annoying to be 
seduced by an old woman".  We all know Ryoko is a little over 2000.  Now how 
old is Ayeka?  Remember 700 years ago, when Sasami looked about 4.  Well 
she's 8 now, so I figure every 700 years, Jurian's age about 4 yrs.  Ayeka 
looks about 18.  Don't bother figuring it out  It's 2450 yrs!  This proves 
Ayeka is a @#$%&*# hypocrite!!!
What I'm really trying to say is Yay Ryoko!  Boo Ayeka!
    Plus, how does Ayeka know that being seduced by an older woman is 
annoying, unless it's happened to her!

    On that happy note. I bid you adieu.
