	This is a standard disclaimer.  The characters in this story are owned by 
AIC, Viz, and Pioneer.  I just came up with the story, not the people.  
Don’t sue me.  Especially Pioneer since I’ve already bought over a thousand 
dollars worth of electrical equipment and anime from you this year.  What 
more do you want from me?
	Now a little side note this story uses the Christian religion as a 
background.  Any and all changes made that differ with Christian doctrine 
were made on purpose so that the story could be told.  Any changes or 
mistakes about the Shinto religion were done accidentally, though.

Hearth and Soul:

Act 3: The Needs of a Soul.

	Here’s what happened so far.  Our hero, a Mr. Tenchi Masaki, is a poor 
orphan, more like well off too rich one, living with his adopted Aunt, 
little Washu, a scientist girl over three hundred years old.  As part of his 
inheritance Tenchi takes care of the Tsunami Shrine.
	On the way to a date with his fair lady, Kiyone of the Orange Headband, a 
spaceship arrives popping out a little princess, Kawaii Sasami-Chan, who 
informed Tenchi, Mr. Nose Bleed himself, that he was the next king of Jurai 
and had to marry her.  Tenchi refused but the alien princess told him that 
he had one day to prepare for the wedding and left.  Auntie Washu, then 
informed Tenchi that his grandfather had been an alien.  That night Tenchi 
rescued a half drowned woman, unknown to him the demon Ryoko, from his pond. 
  The next morning he met up with another young woman, the angel Aeka, as 
they were getting to know each other the alien princess arrives and forcibly 
tries to rewrite Tenchi’s soul after he refused her wedding plans again.  A 
battle ensues between the Guardians of Jurai, Aeka, and Ryoko.  That is 
finally finished by the princess crying.  The rewrite of Tenchi’s soul being 
partially successful he comforts her.  Oh, yea... Mihoshi’s in there 
somewhere too.
	And now onto Act 3: The Needs of a Soul.

***

	The morning light drifted through the sliding glass doors setting the dust 
alight in an intricate little dance of warmth and light.  Aeka slowly opened 
her eyes staring into the light awake from the healing sleep.  Carefully, 
she flexed the wing that had been injured just yesterday.  Still slightly 
sore, but the bones had knitted.  She could use the wing and that was what 
mattered.
	Yesterday’s battle had ended, just as suddenly as it had begun.  The angels 
version of adrenaline, a sort of hyped up energy output, had washed out of 
her body in seconds leaving her bruised, tired, and in pain.  She had 
collapsed next to Ryoko with an uncertain future.
	Someone must have carried her into this room.  Her spear and shield were 
neatly resting against a wall.  *It wasn’t Ryoko, she couldn’t have moved 
them if she had wanted too.  It must have been Tenchi.*  She flexed her wing 
again to full extension, feeling something holding it preventing it from 
moving past a certain point.  Craning her head back she saw a splint holding 
it in place.  Smiling at such a simple act of goodness, the angel stood and 
willed the piece of cloth to untangle.  Watching the splint fall to the 
ground.
	She morphed herself back into the Kimono wearing form, that she had used 
before when she first met Tenchi.  Her wings disappearing in a twinkle of 
light and dust.
	Aeka walking around the room gathering up her weapons and hiding them as 
she had her wings.  Then with an air of resolution she opened the sliding 
wooden door and looked out into the hallway.  Down the left side of the hall 
led a stair way.  The right a number of doors probably a bathroom and the 
master bed room.
	Almost floating, like a bird choosing each step and trying to leave the 
least mark, she walked towards the stairs.  Trying to get a feel for the 
occupants by the condition of the house.  There was an almost over welling 
feeling of love associated with it that brought a slight smile to her face.  
This house had been built to commemorate a love.
	Aeka paused on the landing examining the huge family room with its rafters 
ceiling.  The light smell of breakfast blew through the empty room along 
with the sound of voices and laughter coming from somewhere not visible from 
the landing.
	It was like a dream.  Something out of a legend.  A happy family sharing a 
peaceful breakfast together.  It was a good feeling.  A nice peaceful 
relaxation that made all of yesterday’s pain and fighting drift away into a 
dream.  And the dream of a normal peaceful place reality.  This was the best 
of foods for her.  Even from this distance she could feel herself absorbing 
their love and growing stronger.  There was all so something deeply wrong 
with it Ryoko was down there.  To have that much goodness surrounding her to 
the point that the stench of her evil was completely drowned out was 
amazing.
	The little red line attaching her to that human led directly towards the 
sound of laughter and the smell of food.  She followed it down the remaining 
stairs and across the huge living room to the kitchen.  A counter divided 
the room she was in from the kitchen allowing her to finally see the 
kitchen’s occupants.  Ryoko was there, the boy, that girl who had almost 
banished her was watching the boy cook fascinated, a blond, and a red headed 
child she didn’t recognize.
	The boy was once again a black pool from which it was impossible to gage 
his soul by her second sight.  A large number of life threads left the 
darkness including one to her, Ryoko, the princess, the red headed kid 
though of a different color and intensity then the previous three, two or 
three of the threads that were faint and a few that were black and tied off 
in knots signifying a love  one who had passed away.
	The demon, looking entirely too smug with herself, was the first to notice 
Aeka giving her a lopsided smile.  “So your finally awake, Aeka.”  As the 
rest of the people in the kitchen turned to see how their injured guest was 
doing.
	“Ms. Ryoko was just telling us what old friends you are.”  Tenchi told Aeka 
giving her a cheerful smile.
	“I can imagine.”  Aeka gritted her teeth, to readying herself for the 
inevitable battle.  If only she had more energy.
	“Its amazing, two different species of aliens visiting us in two days.”  
The red headed girl said examining her closely as Ryoko had the good graces 
to look a little chagrin.  “You will let me run a few experiments on you?”
	“Um... maybe another time.  Ryoko can I have a few words with you outside?” 
  Aeka asked as calmly as she could.  Then she did one of the hardest things 
ever in her life.  She turned her back to Ryoko and walked out of the house 
and waited for the demon.
	Her enemy walked out behind Aeka and closed the sliding glass door giving 
her a cocky grin.  It took all of her will power but Aeka stopped herself 
from grabbing up her spear and attacking the evil before her.
	“Demon, leave now and I won’t banish you.”
	“Aeka, poor dear little Aeka, you barely have the energy to hold your human 
form.  Do you really think you can banish me.  Any ways, I don’t want to 
fight at least not here.  If you would care to go somewhere more private...” 
  She pointed at the glass doors and the curious observers who were setting 
the table watching them.
	“You will not seduce his heart demon.”
	“And what will stop me, you, that little girl, or his girlfriend?  You know 
that they have not the experience or presence I have.”  She smiled at Aeka 
letting her human form slip enough to show fangs.
	“I just have to tell him *The Truth.*  After that he would never want you.”
	“*The Truth* little girl do you have any idea what *The Truth* is?  *The 
Truth* is betrayal, hate, envy, lust and greed.  Those are *The Truths* 
things created by humans.”  Ryoko fired back beginning to shake in anger.
	“Demon you will not confuse me with your words.  Your kind hasn’t spoken a 
word of truth since they tossed away their vows of loyalty to Him.”  Aeka’s 
hand clenched into a fist.  She could almost feel the comforting weight of 
her spear in her hand.
	“Don’t talk to me about something you know nothing about.”  Ryoko yelled at 
her.
	The sliding door opened startling both of them as Tenchi walked out onto 
the patio.  Her little red thread tightened around Aeka’s heart and she 
gasped at the feelings that rolled off of him and into her.
	“Ms. Aeka, Ryoko, we’re ready to eat breakfast now.  If you would care to 
join us.”  He looked ready to close the door but paused when Ryoko started 
walking towards him smiling.
	“We were finished any ways.”  Ryoko grabbed onto one of the boys arms 
snuggling up close to him and causing him to blush.
	Aeka found herself left frowning at the two as Tenchi escorted the demon 
into his home.  He turned around and smiled at her again.  “Ms. Aeka are you 
feeling better?”  Ryoko hidden from Tenchi’s sight grimaced slightly that he 
had even remembered her rival.
	“Much better, thank you for asking.”  Aeka told him following the two in 
front of her feeling unsure about herself and slightly jealous.  She felt 
out of place in this large house full of people she didn’t know.  None of 
them had one single tie to her lord.  What was she doing her?   What she 
should do is attack Ryoko.  That was the only thing that could justify her 
being here.  But to attack was against her nature.  That left her so few 
options, all of which conflicted with other instructions.  Some of which 
even Ryoko couldn’t get out of like revealing their true existence.
	Gracefully she sat down at the low table and accepted a bowl of rice from 
the red headed girl trying to focus on what was going on around her.  She 
could read so little about these people.  The blond was the easiest.  A 
worshiper of a false religion but a good person with no evil intentions and 
yet she seemed to lack any strong emotional ties for one of such goodness.  
The red hair girl was almost as much a mystery as the boy but for different 
reasons.  Goodness and evil seemed to swirl around her soul.  For a child 
she had experienced too much, made to many good and evil decisions.  A 
tangle of threads left her only to be cut short and tied off in knots by 
death.  Only one thread out of at least 20 was still alive and that one was 
connected to the boy.  Which only increased her confusion for the string 
when examined was one a mother would have for a son.  Not a younger child’s 
attachment to an older.
	That only left the little girl sitting across from her, the one who had 
only yesterday tried to kill her.  The second sight of the girl just left 
Aeka even more bewildered.  At times their was nothing like Tenchi but every 
so often it changed for an instant revealing...  She didn’t know what it 
revealed but it wasn’t...  It wasn’t what should be.  That was the only way 
she could phrase it.  Even more peculiar this princess was studying her just 
as much, with a mournful look on her face.
	“I... no we apologize for injuring you.”  The ten year old told her looking 
solemnly up at Aeka.
	“Ugh.... thank you.”
	“It was... we did not mean to... I’m sorry.”  She told Aeka once again.
	“No need to worry.”  The angel sipped on her tea.  “I am completely 
recovered.”  She felt better too.  Some of her strength was returning at 
being so close to Tenchi.  She would have to talk to him alone later as well 
as report back to heaven soon.  But for right now she was going to absorb 
this rooms goodness, like laying in a pool of morning sunlight, and regain 
her strength.

***

	Staring out the windows of the bus, Kiyone tried to organize her mind once 
more into a coherent state.  Trying to gather what remained of the fierce 
courage that everyone had always respected her for.  The spirit that had 
scared her parents witless imagining that she would fall out of some tree 
she had climbed to high or challenge a bully that was more then a match for 
her.  She  had lived for that adrenaline rush as she pushed herself beyond 
what any rational person would say was more then enough.  She was 
unstoppable, unbeatable, and not afraid of anyone or anything.  Until two 
days ago.
	That little girl had showed her something that she wasn’t ready to handle.  
Insanity, things that didn’t fit in her tightly ordered little world and she 
coolly admitted to herself, mind.  She was suppose to be the leader.  It was 
suppose to be her world to choose what thrill to seek.  Nothing was suppose 
to change that.  And a huge space ship did not fit into her plans.   She 
could get over that experience.  It was what had happened yesterday that was 
much worse.  She had seen the exact same space ship hovering over the Masaki 
Shrine and had turned away, frightened, and gone home.
	Kiyone removed her headband and stared at it.  Lovingly fingering the old 
piece of material that was so much a part of herself and contemplated 
throwing it away.  This was what had been her courage for so long.  A gift 
and a few words of wisdom from her father when she had broken her arm for 
the first time.  He had wiped the eyes of that little four year old girl, 
smiling proudly at his daughter hiding his concern behind that look of 
fierce pride.
	“Don’t cry.”  He had told her tied this brilliant orange headband around 
her hair.  “You showed great courage today, let it be part of your 
strength.”  Her left arm had rose to finger the material.  For a few seconds 
forgetting the pain in the right.  Then in a truly great hug had squashed 
herself to her father in happy delight that removed any thoughts of pain 
from her mind.
	She had used those same memories to block out the pain of her fathers death 
a month later.  The tears stopped by a bright orange headband looking gaily 
out of place amongst the black and grays that surrounded her at the funeral.
	Kiyone replaced her headband tightly wrapping it in place against her hair 
and picked up the naginata that she had retrieved from her school, carefully 
sheifed and covered.  With an air of determination she exited the bus 
staring up at the hill that held the Masaki residence.  Nothing looked 
unusual today just blue sky and green trees.  Released she let out a breath 
that she hadn’t realized she was holding.  Today would not be a repeat of 
yesterday.  She was not a coward.  She had the courage to make of life 
whatever she wanted it to be.
	She walked around the lake listening to the sound of birds chirping happily 
and wondered with mild annoyance what they were so happy about.  The rain 
from yesterday had knocked all the dust off the surrounding plants next to 
the country road giving them a bright fresh scrubbed feeling.
	*Why does anyone live this far out anyways?*  The road had bottomed out 
leaving an area for car parking and a small quarter mile trail that led the 
rest of the distance around the dark blue lake.  This place seemed to 
peaceful, to normal, for what had happened yesterday she thought tiredly as 
the house finally came into sight.
	Steeling herself, Kiyone walked onto the porch and knocked hard on the 
front door with more bravo then she felt shifting the naginata into her 
right hand.

***

	The doorbell chimed calling the table’s occupants attention to a new 
visitor.  Rising from his kneeling position Tenchi put down his chopsticks 
and went to answer the door.  Curious who would be visiting them so early on 
a Sunday morning.  It was actually a bit of a relief to be away from the 
table and the aura of suppressed tension that hung in the air carefully 
covered by all with happiness and laughter.  So many things that had 
happened in the past few days confused him.  He knew that something 
important had happened when he blacked out.  There had been a fight, he was 
sure of that, but who against who was something he still couldn’t figure out 
and then he had awakened to see this little girl crying.  Some instinct be 
it that of a man seeing a women crying or that of an adult seeing a child 
crying had awoken and he had gone to confront her.
	Behind him Aeka had crumpled to the ground falling hard on her broken wing 
and damaging it further.  The little girl had hurriedly wiped away her tears 
running over to the fallen woman trying to move her to a more conformable 
position.  Tenchi still dazed from whatever had attacked him, had helped 
carry the woman to his home helping the princess put a splint on the broken 
wing.  Watched the entire time by a completely uninterested Ryoko and an 
overly helpful Mihoshi.
	The chimes rang out again as he opened the door.  Sunlight leaking into the 
darkened hallway and with it Kiyone dressed in her normal pants and T-shirt, 
carrying a long pole wrapped in cloth.
	“Kiyone, I thought you were coming by yesterday?”  He glanced uneasily at 
the pole sure of what was contained in the cloth and hoping she didn’t plan 
to use it against him.  She just looked closely at him once and started to 
say something.
	“Tenchi, Tenchi, look what I found.  Its a Jurain sword.”  Princess Sasami 
called rushing around the corner carrying an old family heirloom that might 
have one been the hilt of a sword.  Kiyone backed away slightly, her stance 
shifting as the top half of the pole dropped low and the rear raised behind 
her.
	“Calm down, Kiyone!”  Tenchi yelled at her standing in-between the princess 
and Kiyone.  He motioned the princess to back away out of Kiyone’s sight but 
the girl ignored him.
	“It’s ok, every things fine.”  Kiyone’s face was like stone, not giving any 
expression that he could read.
	“I thought... I thought that she had taken you...”  She whispered staring 
at the little girl.  The princess stared back as time began to slow down.  
The little girl screamed a shriek that seemed to resonate to the very soul 
and grabbed her head falling hard onto the ground.  Kiyone jumped back and 
in a second had her naginata out of its cloth shief preparing to defend 
against an attacker.  Tenchi ran towards the princess protecting her with 
his own body from Kiyone, cradling her to his chest.
	The other ladies who had been sitting around the table rushed into the hall 
  behind Tenchi and the princess.  All staring confusedly at the woman 
outlined in sunlight and holding a long pike.
	A blackness engulfed Tenchi and for a long moment there was nothing and 
then he stood on a wooden ship.

***

	The ragtag group of F.T.L. freighters, two ex-mothballed warships that had 
been in a lagrange point hopefully never too be used again, and two 
commercial liners, were all that remained of the once proud fleet.  With the 
“Tsunami” in low earth orbit Admiral Strelar was in charge of the supposedly 
newly commissioned Jurain First Fleet.  It hadn’t worked out like that 
though.  With the princess away the newly commissioned captains of the other 
ships were agreeing with everything she said and then doing whatever they 
wanted to when comms were broken.
	She didn’t really blamed them.  She had not been trained for leadership.  
All of her training had been in space engineering.  Strelar had been out 
supervising construction of a new experimental astroid smelting factory when 
the attack had occurred.  By the time the radio waves had reached the 
factory, it was to small to rate a priestess, the attackers had already 
destroyed Jurai, the surrounding fleet, and space stations and had reentered 
F.T.L.
	Strelar had lost two sons, a husband, and a large number of extended family 
in that fierce battle.  She looked out upon her ragtag crew watching them 
struggle to perform duties they had no training in.  This ship wasn’t even a 
modern tree ship but a hunk of metal, from the old war days.  When tree 
ships were still to new and valuable to be risked in the final war.
	She should have been there with her family when the attack occurred.  The 
time spent in space away from them hadn’t been worth not knowing them 
better.  Even if it had sounded like a good idea at the time for her to 
avoid the last of the heretic wars and the exile.
	“Admiral, we are detecting an F.T.L. ripple, calculating!”  One of her 
officers called out from the comm station.  She had enough time to look at 
the newly promoted officer before her ship depreasurized.  The air pressure 
differential throwing her towards the new hole that had been hull a moment 
before.  Air ripped from her lungs as she frantically tried to hold onto 
anything as the ship shuddered again and she lost her balance smashing her 
head smashed against the side of the hull thankfully knocking her passed out 
as she was blown into space along with the rest of the bridge crew.

***

	Things were getting interesting.  The boy’s girlfriend had shown up and 
maybe wounded the alien.  Who had started screaming a high pitch wale that 
cut to the very soul.  To Ryoko’s second sight the insanity of her 
nothingness was fluctuating a riot of color as other souls rushed towards 
that blackness.  Hundreds of souls, newly dead, crying their first scream as 
they were born into a new world.
	The world shifted as if she had teleported and became one made of wood.  
Ryoko’s second sight left instantly.  She could feel her power draining away 
until it became hard just to mimic breathing.  This was a shrine to a god.  
Unlike her saintly sister, Ryoko had fought besides the followers of false 
gods and knew the power of their existence in a sort of clinical sense.  But 
in a deeper part, her center, she still failed to believe in them.
	This shrine was powerful, a symbol among symbols of the alien’s religion.  
Ryoko’s human guise flickered and then failed altogether before the power 
that was contained in this room.  Aeka stood behind her in even worse shape 
using her spear as a cane to keep her feet.  Her proud wings drooping 
slightly at the loss of power.
	The little girl wasn’t there any more in her place was a goddess.  Standing 
Proudly in front of a huge tree.  Twin streams of water flowed around the 
tree connecting to small ponds and then cascading down a pair of waterfalls 
into one large pond at the base.  The princess glowed with spiritual power.  
It was like trying to look at Him using only normal human sight.  She 
blocked out any hope of Ryoko using second sight.  Her power acting like 
static on that sense.  The humans  blinked focusing as the room shook and 
the weight inside the room increased pressing Ryoko down towards the floor.  
She saw Aeka lose her precarious balance and tumble to the floor.  Ryoko 
grinned slightly and then as the weight increased gratefully sat down on the 
floor.  She was going into space.  Not the first of her kind to follow a 
human into the unknown darkness, but a first for her.  The pressure eased 
gradually allowing Ryoko, Aeka, and behind her out of view at first, the 
three other women to stand.
	The girl that she had seen earlier with Tenchi was in the midst of 
hysterics at one time waving her pike angrily and the next second looking 
completely out of it.  Uncertain exactly which was the correct response in 
this situation.
	Lights flared on behind Ryoko and she turned around to confront a new 
enemy.  Only to realize that it was a screen displaying a large bland ship.
	The ship displayed was round in shape with what was obviously an engine 
added to the rear in a box design creating an overall look of a round fish.  
It was ugly, but functional, nothing compared to the graceful beauty of the 
“Tsunami.”  The image of the ship disappeared on the screen  replaced by a 
young woman who looked infinitely older.
	“Tsunami, it has been awhile.”  The woman grinned at everyone on the ship.  
She was wearing some sort of odd red head dress in her gold hair.  Her grin 
was knowing as if she had some secret that she didn’t want to share.
	“Tokimi.”  The Goddess whispered in reply.
	“You remember me.  I’m so honored, sister.”  The young woman on the screens 
face changed to that of disdain at the other occupants of the wooden ship.  
Her eyes cold as steel as she gazed at each person on the “Tsunami.”
	“I am not your sister, oath breaker!”  The little girl sneered back at the 
tall lady.  Their two expressions remarkably similar even with the disparity 
between their ages.  The woman on the display chuckled slightly.
	“Oath breaker?  Is that what you call me now?  After what you did?  After 
the promises you broke?”
	“How dare you!”  The little princess interrupted beginning to shake in 
anger.
	“Enjoy the sweet pleasure that is the death of you followers.”  The woman 
began to laugh a high cackle that set everyone’s nerves on edge.  Ryoko 
finally knew what was wrong with this goddess.  She had seen it a few times 
as false gods who had power at one time lost the last of their followers to 
death and other gods.  Their stability, their mind, begins to lose balance 
as the carefully arranged hierarchy of their religion was rearranged to fit 
the views of a few followers that used to have the support of thousands.
	“For now I am going to add these people to the ranks of the dead.”   Tokimi 
smiled once before her face disappeared revealing the circular ship.
	“The target ship matches information given about the attacker of Jurai.  It 
also matches the records of the...”  He stopped talking as Tsunami held up 
one hand.
	“I know.”
	The ship on the screen began to accelerate towards Earth.  Avoiding the 
“Tsunami” as it spun around the planet heading for a low orbit.
	“Stop her!”  Tenchi yelled at the goddess.  “You can’t let her attack 
Earth.”
	“It doesn’t matter.”  She failed to even look away from the screen. “Tokimi 
will be at her weakest after she has destroyed the planets population and 
think me weaker then too.  That will be the time to attack.”
	“Do what Tenchi says!”  The girlfriend had regained her balance and some 
clarity of action. She positioned her pike for a change. Tip slightly 
lowered pointing at the ground.  To her left Aeka weakly followed her 
example.
	“How can you sacrifice so many?”  Aeka asked as her spear began to dimly 
glow.  Startling Ryoko *Where is she getting that much power that she can 
charge the spear in this shrine?*
	“They are only heretic followers of false gods.  It is better that they all 
die then remain living in their lie.”  The girl calmly replied watching the 
screen.  Both Aeka and Kiyone charged her in almost perfect unison only to 
be stopped after one step held perfectly still.
	Ryoko chuckled at the two woman’s foolishness to attack a goddess on her 
own sacred ground was sure lunacy.  That only a fool would even dare try.  
This was her sanctuary only by defaming it in some way or destroying her 
followers would it be otherwise.
	The little girls body began to shake as a long tear trickling down the side 
of her face.  But the control of the body remained firmly with the higher 
being who calmly watched the other ship descend towards Earth conferring 
softly with the long wooden stumps.
	Ryoko could almost see the thoughts traveling in the goddess’ head.  It was 
so simple.  She was waiting for her opponent to tire herself out on the 
non-combatants and then Tsunami would descend on her opponent when Tokimi 
was at her weakest having used the power to destroy the population and her 
ability to retreat cut off by the planet.
	Tokimi’s ship descended into the Earth’s atmosphere before slowing in the 
upper Troposphere.  Somewhere above South East Asia.  Then a bright 
continuos flash of white burning light.  Everyone except for Aeka and the 
goddess turned away from the flash.  The entire atmosphere of Earth seemed 
to be alive reflecting the light that spread across the clouds.  Ryoko 
closed her eyes and then when she could no longer see her eye lids reopened 
them blinking back floating spots on her retinas.
	She remembered the days when she could look into light that bright and not 
even blink.  When light was a warm glow that cradled her when she rested.  
When light had never harmed her.  Later when the cool white light turned to 
the darker more painful red her eyes had adapted to the flickering shadows 
that light gave off.
	The ship reappeared out of the light slowly drifting north towards China.  
Its shiny black surface catching the sun light making it easy to spot even 
from here.
	The blond priestess that had been her roommate for the last two nights fell 
to her knees crying as she slowly chanted for the souls of the dead.  The 
little red hair girl patting her shoulder looking uncertain but trying to be 
strong for the young woman.
	Bright flashes exploded on the sides of Tokimi’s ship.  As bright as the 
first but infinitely smaller.  Everyone from the planet below, even Ryoko, 
held their breath hoping that Earth had somehow defended itself.  The glows 
disappearing seconds later leaving behind an unharmed enemy that continued 
on its stately course destroying the most heavily populated areas of the 
world it orbited.
	“Please, let us make a deal!”  Tenchi yelled at the girl standing in front 
of the huge old tree.
	“A deal?”  She looked intrigued at him.  Two steady streams of tears leaked 
out the sides of her eyes a mirror to the two streams that flowed together 
into the pond at the base of the tree.  Ryoko looked at her in shock, how 
could the girl look intrigued and yet continue to cry it was unnerving.
	“If you stop that ship.  I’ll agree to marry you.”  The room was suddenly 
dead quiet all background sounds fading into nothingness as the goddess 
smiled at him.
	“It is a good marriage gift.  Nothing so vulgar as a deal.”  The room 
remained still as the two main players stared at each other.
	“By your word as a Jurain Prince do you promise to marry this host.”  The 
goddess asked a slight smile on her lips.
	“By my word as Tenchi Masaki, I will marry the princess.”  The girl gave 
him a huge smile as the tears that she had been shedding stopping suddenly.
	The bond that held Tenchi to Ryoko thinned just a little along with 
everyone else’s in the room, as the one that held Tenchi to the goddess 
suddenly became thicker and then disappeared altogether as the goddess wove 
some new knots on his soul.  And she couldn’t stop it this time.  It wasn’t 
the forced rewrite of before this was an oath bonding.  It wasn’t impossible 
to remove though if both agreed to null the oath or if one should die...  
Ryoko smiled it was an obvious answer that she could solve in a more 
appropriate location.
	The same weight that had pressed them to the floor returned again but 
gentler then before as the “Tsunami” moved back towards Earth.  Its large 
ion engines sending them on their way with out even a rumble of sound.
	A brilliant flash of light enveloped the Earth again as the southern China 
coast was destroyed.  The weight in the “Tsunami” intensified as it rushed 
towards the source of the light throwing everyone across the chamber.  Ryoko 
found herself in one of the lower lakes much to her displeasure.
	Something about the air in the “Tsunami” changed.  A scent of ozone filled 
the room as it began to darken framing Princess Sasami’s face in the only 
light.  The tears on her cheeks highlighted to a sparkle that was visible 
across the room.
	Struggling with the water and her loss of powers Ryoko climbed out of the 
pond for the first time in her existence uncomfortably wet.  The room was so 
dark now that her eyes had to switch to the higher levels of the infrared 
band just to see the other occupants of the room, except for the girl who 
was controlling the ship.  Her face now ablaze in light.
	The smell of ozone suddenly disappeared as outside ten pedals of white 
light unfolded in front of the ship.  Each of the pedals looking as if they 
were part of some delicate flower sparkling with morning dew.  Then the top 
pedal began to change color first to red and then black leaving a glowing 
ball of energy at the center of the ten pedals.  The pedal that had shed its 
energy slowly turning back to white.  By the time the first had changed to 
red the pedal to its right began to change and then another until all the 
pedals had given their energy to the center creating a huge ball of glowing 
white light.
	 The “Tsunami” began to brush up against Earth’s atmosphere.  Everyone who 
hadn’t already found some sort of hand hold was being violently tossed 
around the ship.  With out any choice Ryoko fell to the floor and hugged it 
in an attempt not to be thrown back into one of the ponds.
	The main screen was now alive with power as the huge ball of energy pulsed. 
  The power held in check was blasted by atmosphere and heat as they fell 
towards the Earth acting like a heat shields for the “Tsunami” as they fell 
at a steep angle towards the enemy ship.  Sasami expression had changed in 
the past few seconds her eyes were now hidden in the darkness that had 
descended in the ship even though the rest of her face was still aglow.  A 
slight smile on her lips framed by the glistening cheeks.
	The enemy ship suddenly reappeared on the screen slowly trying to flip over 
like a beached turtle to point its weapon at the “Tsunami.”  Their ship 
shuddered as its forward momentum was suddenly slowed by the release of the 
energy ball.  The ball of light descended on the slowly turning enemy ship 
impacting on one side of the sphere but missing the engines and weapons.  
Everything turned white again in a brilliant display of pyrotechnics before 
fading to a soft black and an empty screen.  Showing a slowly rotating Earth 
in the background.  Already a number of huge dust clouds could be seen on 
the planet as the effects of the previous attacks had its impact on the 
planets ecosystem.
	“Incoming transmission.”  The log with the blue writing announced again.  
As the display changed showing once more Tokimi’s smiling face.
	“So sister it looks as if the game is just beginning.  I had thought to 
play a little more in this arena, but it looks like the prize here is not 
the one I was searching for.  So until we meet again.”  The woman grinned at 
them and disappeared replaced once more by the Earth.
	“What did she mean?”  Tenchi demanded.
	“She... she realized that this planet does not have any of my followers.   
She is going to somewhere... somewhere that my people still live.”  The 
girls face had turned white and her body started to shake.
	The petals disappeared one by one as the ship turned away from Earth the 
screen displaying only stars.  A deep rumbling echoed through the entire 
ship as something was changed and then the screen went blank.
	On her dais the princess collapsing once again onto the ground in a 
disheveled heap.  This time Tenchi only stared at her.

***

Send all comments/criticisms to STRIKESTWICE@hotmail.com


