	Ok, this is a standard disclaimer.  The characters in this story are owned 
by AIC, Viz, and Pioneer.  I just came up with the story, not the people.  
Don’t sue me.  Especially pioneer since I’ve already bought over a thousand 
dollars worth of electrical equipment and Anime from you this year.  What 
more do you want from me?
	Now a little side note this story uses the Christian religion as a 
background.  Any and all changes made that differ with Christian dogma were 
intentionally.  Any changes or mistakes about the Shinto/Buddhism religion 
were done accidentally.

Hearth and Soul:

Act 2: The Power of a Soul.

	In the last act, we left our poor in a kind of a fix.  Poor Tenchi Masaki’s 
parents were all tragically killed leaving him alone except for his adopted 
aunt, Washu.  Thinking every thing was all right with the world he joyfully 
skipped along to a date with his fair lady, Kiyone.  Unknown to him though 
he was being followed by both an angel and a demon each in search of his 
supposedly missing soul.  Together they all arrived at the lady Kiyone’s 
house when of all things a space ship landed and out popped a princess 
telling the confused Tenchi that he was soon to be a king and married to 
this ten year old girl.  The whole situation sounds quite preposterous 
doesn’t it.  And now on to act two: The Power of a Soul.

***

	For some reason Tenchi’s mind kept returning back to an old Anime he had 
seen once.  The line “Tenchi Masaki, you are the map man.”  Running over and 
over through his head.  This was definitely going on the too weird for words 
level.  Some little girl telling him that he was a King and that they had to 
marry.  It was beyond him what to do.  But he had to make a decision 
quickly.  The aliens was staring at him and god only knew what Kiyone was 
doing behind him.  He liked her, hell maybe even could grow to love her, but 
damn she was such a tom boy.
	He mentally reviewed his available options.  One, he could attack, though 
attacking a little girl was out of the question so that left the two logs 
and somehow he felt that those two logs could more then handle a little 
pounding by his baseball bat.  Scratch attack as an option, at least for 
now.  Two, he could run, a terrific idea in most circumstances and one that 
had saved his life and limb a number of times, all he had to do was point at 
some object behind the aliens and say something stupid like “look behind 
you” and run until you were a very, very long way away from here.  Hell even 
one of his friends had nicknamed that strategy after him calling it the 
“Tenchi Maneuver.”
	It was a good plan with one minor flaw, a space ship hovering over the 
house.  It seemed unlikely that he could out run that.  He scratched that 
plan for now but kept it at standby for a worse case scenario.
	That left talking with her.  Slowly he put down the bat leaning slightly on 
it and  waved the princess past the lowered portion of the house and into 
the rest.  Feeling a little out of place and hoping that Kiyone would 
forgive him, he let the young girl and her two escorts enter the living 
room.  The princess gave the room a small look and then took the center 
chair calmly sitting down and gazing at him as if this were her palace.  The 
two stumps taking up a position behind her augmenting her regal appearance 
and giving off the impression of suppressed power.  Tenchi grabbed Kiyone’s 
hand, the one not buried in her skirt, and led her to the couch, both of 
them sitting down and facing the little girl.  He marveled at her self 
control.  Normally even trying to touch her would have resulted in a slap or 
other such physical violence, but perhaps it was just shock.
	“Um... I don’t think I caught your name.  I’m Tenchi Masaki.”  The words 
seemed stupid to him even as he spoke them.
	“No, you are Tenchi Jurai.”  The two eyes opposite from him stared on in 
their untouchable mask.  “We are Princess Sasami Jurai.”  She finally told 
him breaking the silence that had been crushing the room and returning to it 
afterwards.
	“How about something to drink, maybe some tea?”  Tenchi asked trying to 
break the atmosphere that was beginning to feel more and more like a 
funeral.  She stared at him hard eyes not wavering at all.
	“No, We are fine, thank you.”  She looked him up and down.  “In one day, an 
acceptable wait, we marry.”
	If Tenchi had been eating something he would he would have choked.  
Swallowing forgetting everything about aliens and space ships credulity 
gathered in his voice.  “Your only a little girl.”
	Her mask failed to break at all.  “One day then.”  She stood up preparing 
to leave.
	“No.  I refuse.”  Large hard eyes stared even with him.  She standing and 
him sitting, only emphasizing the difference in age.  “Please just give me 
some time to think.”  He asked her, trying to calm his voice.
	“We will talk tomorrow, after the ceremony.”   She told him turning her 
back on the two humans exiting the house unescorted.  Tenchi and Kiyone just 
sat on the couch deep in troubled thought, as a sonic boom marked the 
departure of the huge ship.
	Behind him Washu entered from the kitchen leaving behind the bound and 
gagged woman she had been sent to retrieve.  “So Tenchi, that what you 
expected your family to be like?”  She asked as she circled around the couch 
and took up the seat that the princess had just vacated.
	“Is she going to be all right?”  Washu asked, noticing Kiyone had slid down 
the couch.
	“She doesn’t take well to shocks.  I think her understanding of reality is 
resetting itself.”  Tenchi smiled just a little.  He straightened Kiyone 
removing the knife from her hand and putting a pillow behind her head.
	“You know who she was then?”  He asked Washu sure of the answer.
	“No, I don’t know exactly who that was.  Yosho was always secretive about 
his family.  But I do know that your grandfather was an alien.  He landed on 
Earth three hundred years ago, I was there when it happened.”  Tenchi looked 
at her in shock.  He had known that she never aged, but had always thought 
it was some peculiarity of genetics or a side effect of an experiment.  And 
that she was only around forty not over three hundred years old.
	“He was running from something at the time, I don’t know what.  I was there 
when his shipped landed, no more like crashed, and pulled him out of the 
wreckage of it.  He was badly injured and had to be nursed back to health.  
At that time I was the caretaker of the shrine.  As time went by though more 
and more he was the one doing the work.  My body the one you see before you 
was a gift from him though one with side effects.”  She smiled warmly a tear 
touching her eyes.
	“Just remember one thing Tenchi.  Yosho always believed that no one can 
ever force you into anything.  You always have freedom of choice.”  Choking 
back a sob that this conversation had lodged in her throat.  Washu pushed 
herself out of the chair dwarfed by it.  “Come on, help me with the new 
priestess and lets get back to the house so that you can think.”
	Jerking his whole body he followed the diminutive form already deep in 
thoughts that only moved in circles.

***

	The priestess finally seen to a bed, her earlier crying over being tied up 
forgotten, as well as the aliens they had encountered.  Tenchi walked 
alongside the pond in the moonlight trying to sort thoughts that had already 
run deep grooves in his mind.  Casually picking up a stone and skipping it 
across the shallow pond towards the great tree, decorated in spirit traps, 
at the center.
	He was an alien, soon to be the king of this place called Jurai if the 
little girl was to be believed.  And married that one was the kicker.  The 
one that sent his thoughts back to the start so that once again they could 
circle around in his head.
	Washu had been no help whatsoever after her few sentences at Kiyone’s, she 
had disappeared leaving him to apologize to the priestess.  Kiyone had 
righted the world in her mind and leaving her stupor for long enough to tell 
him that she would come visit the shrine  tomorrow to see if he was still 
there and then had quickly left for bed.
	Stuck with Miss Mihoshi as the only sounding board for his thoughts he had 
turned to the stars for guidance and had let his feet wander.  Picking up 
another rock, he tested its balance and sent it skipping across the pond of 
shadows and moonlight counting how many times it bounced before sinking into 
the water.  Grabbing up another rock he tossed it out on the pond watching 
it cause ripples and eddies in the water just barely visible in the gloom.
	He felt like the rock being tossed into a new place it didn’t understand.  
Touching here and there but mainly letting itself be forced once again into 
the air until it landed and sank surrounded by too many troubles.
	He searched the ground again for the right type of rock.  Flat and just 
about as long as his thumb.  Picking up a number of likely contenders in his 
left hand he let another fly with his right.  His eyes watching it skip 
merrily across the water tell it hit something floating peacefully in the 
darkness.  Peering hard at the oddly shaped log its gentle drifting changed 
by the rock moving it from shadows to moonlight revealing a person floating 
face down in the water.
	Acting upon instinct he dived into the pond to pull the body from the water 
hoping against hope that he wasn’t two late.  Swimming powerfully his arms 
making large waves in the placid crystal clear water until he was next to 
her.  Dog paddling with his feet and hands he saw that a woman, it was most 
definitely a woman, had been lucky enough to float on her side. Flipping her 
over so that he could swim with her head above the water.  He slowly swam 
one handed back to the nearest shore.  His toes finally touched dirt as he 
pulled himself and the woman onto the bank.  Shivering as the  cold water 
fell off of him onto the ground.
	Carefully he pulled the woman into a patch of moonlight and checked her 
pulse and breathing.  She had stopped breathing her chest no longer moving 
up or down.  Tenchi tilted her head back and kissed her blowing air into her 
lungs. In between breaths he carefully and efficiently checked her body for 
any other wounds, finding a large bruise and a trickle of blood on her scalp 
answered most of his questions as to how she had fallen in.  If not why she 
had been in such a deserted place.  He continued mouth to mouth, blowing 
life into her, watching her breasts rise and fall.  Leaving a taste of mango 
on his lips.
	The moonlight seemed to wash over her face outlining feminine features and 
showing off a head full of grayish-blue hair roguishly covering parts of her 
face as it fell in wet cords around her.  Her wet clothes, a simple T-shirt 
and blouse with skirt using the water to full advantage to highlight her 
chest.
	She was beautiful, of that Tenchi had no difficulty seeing almost to 
perfection.
	Coughing she started to breath again.  Hurriedly Tenchi turned her onto her 
side allowing her to remove the pond water from her lungs.  After a while 
her breathing settled down to a normal rate and she turned huge eyes upon 
her rescuer.
	“Thank you.”  She coughed her pale eyes trying to focus on him.
	“Are you okay, miss.”  He asked, helping her rise to a sitting position.  
That some how seemed to toss the shadows of moonlight around her face in 
merry abandonment.
	“I guess so.  Though I feel like I just swallowed an entire lake.”  She 
said smiling up at him displaying a row of perfect white teeth that stopped 
his heart for a second.  *Damn, she’s half drowned and still looks like a 
goddess.*
	“I’m Tenchi Masaki and you are...”  He trailed off expectantly hoping for 
an answer.  A name to put with the face.
	“Ryoko,”  Her face lightened up.  “Its nice to meet you Tenchi Masaki.”  
She grinned at him.
	“How did you get into the pond, any ways?”  Her grin turned sheepish.
	“Well it’s kind of stupid.  You see I’m a photographer and I’ve been using 
this special computer program to make trees look like they have spirits in 
them and then selling them as novelty items.  The tree here is just perfect 
but, well I sort of wasn’t watching which way I was going and well, you can 
guess the rest.”  Her smile sparkled at him leaving any other questions 
forgotten.
	“Come on, lets get you out of those wet clothes.”  He helped her to stand 
and was surprised to see that they stood eye to eye.  Putting an arm around 
her, he led her back to the house his mind having forgotten smaller details 
like marriages and stuff in the light of a grateful young woman in his 
hands.

***

	Ryoko smiled and would have flicked her tail is she still had one.  As the 
boy led her to his house.  *That was just too easy.  Yosho would never have 
fallen for that.*  She restrained an urge to lick her lips as she 
“unsteadily” walked with the human’s assistance making sure to brush the 
right parts of her anatomy with his at just the right moments.  Coming upon 
a clearing she “accidentally” tripped.

***

	The woman, Ryoko, suddenly tripped over something in a field just out side 
view of the house.   Sending both of them falling to the ground.  With 
Tenchi somehow falling on top of the woman, facing her.  Between their two 
bodies a flicker of moon light fell revealing her face down to the center of 
her cleavage.  A button on her blouse having become undone.  Tenchi gasped 
blushing a bright red, not moving frozen in the instant.
	“You know a lady might reward a handsome rescuer.”  She purred at him.
	The woman under him gasped in shock her eyes going from fully dilated to 
slits.  Remembering himself Tenchi stood reaching out a hand to help the 
woman back up.  She looked dazed at him.  *She must still be in shock.*  
Grasping her arm he hurried her back towards the house.

***

	Ryoko smiled slightly at Tenchi.  He might be a little inexperienced, but 
she was a good teacher.  The shadows and light moving at her command left 
much to the imagination but giving just the right glimpse at the right time 
and spot.
	This was almost too easy.  Now she slightly reassured him.  “You know a 
lady might reward a handsome rescuer.”  She could see his eyes dilate even 
wider expanding as he got up the courage to kiss her and then, and then, a 
soul thread had attached to her from his darkness to her darkness plain as 
light.  Time slowed and she gasped.  *That isn’t possible.*  She had seduced 
hundreds of men this exact same way and no thread had ever bound her.  She 
was suppose to be unable to have them bind to her.  It was what had been 
decreed at the beginning of time.
	He had stood up, the moment ruined by her own actions and she mentally 
cursed herself.  Grasping his hand she allowed Tenchi to lift her up.  
Something else was wrong the tiny little white line connecting him to her 
she could taste it.  This taste, she could barely remember it.  This was 
that which angels fed on.  Something she had been denied for so long too 
sweet a joyous elixir.  She felt herself getting drunk on the friendship and 
even a spark of love a delicious taste.  Dazed and stumbling Ryoko let 
herself be led into the house.

***
	“What is up with my life.”  Tenchi groaned to himself trying once again to 
sort his thoughts that Miss Ryoko had muddled to a dark black.
	He had safely seen her to bed in the same room with the priestess.  Hoping 
that the snoring the blond woman was creating wouldn’t stop her from being 
able to sleep.   Their was something about that strange half drowned woman.  
He had come so close to kissing her and more.  She had seemed to almost 
welcome him in those advances.  No, he changed his mind she had been 
welcoming him.
	He shook his head sleep the farthest thing from his mind.  He had more 
important things to think on then blue gray hair and the taste of mango.  
Tomorrow he had to figure out something to tell the little princess.
	Somehow though he felt the decision he had made earlier would stand.
	One thought tumbled after another as he finally dosed off.  In a cold sweat 
he jerked up into a sitting position on his futon a thought racing through 
his mind.  That if Kiyone ever found out about what happened after his dip 
in the pond he was a dead man.  Spurring his thoughts around again as he 
fell into an uneasy sleep.

***

	Aeka bowed spear before her once again, shield strapped to her left arm.  
In resonance with that which gave it strength her spear was an almost 
unbelievable white power.  It felt warm and comforting as her hand gently 
rested on it.
	Her lords power slightly dimmed as he was deep in thought contemplating her 
words and seeing that which she had seen.  The giving of the information had 
left her feeling slightly dazed.  If she had been alive she would have been 
breathing hard as it was, she felt like a part of herself had been 
temporarily dimmed.
	“Daughter,” the voice seemed to whisper through out the room caressing her 
and refilling her energy.  “Daughter, many times I and my followers have 
fought foreign gods.   In those battles you have stood aside strengthening 
my followers will so that the battle would go in our favor.”  He smiled 
sadly.  “We have crushed them and forced their followers into disbelief.”  
His presence took all the bite out of his words.  “You have always done your 
part little Aeka now I need you to be a scout.”
	“But Ryoko.”
	“Forget Ryoko your mission has changed find out how many souls these aliens 
command.  Make sure that they are not trying to start a ministry here and 
win the soul of this half alien by all means possible.”  The words were 
spoken.  Aeka had but to fulfill the orders.  Bowing deeply she picked up 
her spear and left, wondering why such a job had been given to her.  She 
wasn’t even a guardian angel but an inspiration, a gentle thought of courage 
when someone needed it.  She would carefully, oh so carefully, point someone 
in the path towards a better life and reinforce that life though her lord.  
She was over worked as it was even if all the major false religious were 
dead (1) or in the last dregs of dying.  Though their were always new cults 
abroad.  And lately more and more humans had been turning their minds 
towards science not religion.  It was them that she dedicated the majority 
of her time trying to stop them from that path and change one soul at a 
time.  They were losing this battle slowly but surely.  The neutral souls 
like the one she had seen on the green hair girl were the result.  When they 
died they just vanished going nowhere.
	Dutifully she caught hold of a string connected to a faithful soul and rode 
it down to Japan using it like a compass to guide her to the mortal realm.

***

	Awakening early and still tired from a night of half remembered dreams.  
Tenchi put on the robes of the monk that he was trying to be.  Thinking 
twice about waking up the priestess he tip toed down the stairs and out of 
the house.   Heading up the steps to the shrine near the top of the hill.
	Pre-dawn glistened through dew on the deciduous trees, enjoying the return 
of their green coats as late spring still brought fog to his breath.  The 
shrine named after a tree spirit held its Matsuri Festival early in the 
season only a month away and yet it needed a vast amount of time and 
maintenance to get the old temple ready for that festival.
	He topped the stairs as the mountains on the east side of the valley 
finally allowed sunrise.  Majestically discarding shadows to allow another 
day.  And bringing into appearance one lone person standing before the 
shrine.
	Tenchi stopped surprised except for the Matsuri festival the temple had few 
visitors and very few of those came alone and never before had one arrived 
this early.
	Inflamed by dawns glory she prayed silently to the shrine.  Wearing a 
traditional style Kimono with a odd color set and some sort of jeweled head 
piece.  That held her waist length hair in a pig tail with two deadlocks to 
the front.  He had to strain his eyes to see the color of her hair.  The 
morning sunlight causing it to look a light violet.  He finally decided that 
it was a deep purple in normal light.  *What is it with girls hair today, 
whatever happened to just normal black and brown.*  He stealthily approached 
her not wanting to break into her prayer.
	Immersed in her prayer she failed to even notice that he stood behind her  
a little to the left watching his breath form into clouds of mist.  He 
remembered his grandfather had always seemed to sneak up on people at the 
shrine and was hopping that in that one small way, however ridiculous it 
might seem, he could fill Yosho’s shoes.
	She straitened her back and turned around to stare at the sun finally 
noticing his presence.
	“I didn’t mean to disturb you.”  Tenchi tried to get his eyes to focus on 
the young woman’s face but she seemed to be almost glowing in the light.
	“You didn’t disturb me.  I was waiting for you.”  She gazed at him frankly, 
her eyes failing to need any protection from the sun at his back.  “You will 
have to forgive me.  I have never done something like this before.”  She 
paused obviously in deep thought.
	“Could I get a fortune at this early time.  I realize that your not open, 
but I would really appreciate it.”
	Tenchi scratched his head dipping it a little forward in embarrassment.  
“Sure.”  He walked slowly over to where the shutters protected the fortunes 
encased in little wooden boxes and opened them.
	Shaking the canister that held the mikuji until one of the fortune sticks 
fell out,  inscribed with the number 43.  Aware that she had an audience she 
pulled out the little wooden drawer labeled 43 and read the piece of paper 
inside of it.  Turning it into the sun light she read aloud.  “Trials of the 
heart and soul are ahead of you.  Look carefully for new friends and foes 
stand on your horizon.”  She turned around gazing at the man who had let her 
gain these words of advice.

***

	Flames surrounded her, ashes choking the air and settling on her wings.  
She tried to shake them clear but they seemed to have taken on a permanent 
black color from the ash.
	“Come on, we have to take the repository.  Everyone spread out.”  Her cell 
leader yelled at the small band of rebels as he disappeared in the smoke 
along with her comrades.
	She was already drained of power, to many times she had summoned the little 
helper spirits that had gave her a name.  Now she used them for destruction 
and killing.  It all felt wrong to her, something wasn’t right.  *Why am I 
doing this?*  She ran off in search of the repository.
	The smoke cleared in front of her for just a second, revealing pure white 
and then gone in a haze of smoke.  Her barren feet slipped on the gold 
street, a layer of ash coating the path she had been running on.  Throwing 
her to one knee.
	“Sister.”  She knew that voice.  The light that had been before her 
revealing itself to be an enemy.  Pure as snow wings, the ashes seeming to 
dodge coming into contact with them, glistened before her.  The angel held a 
spear of gold and a small buckler strapped to her left forearm.
	“Sister, beg forgiveness you know that He will forgive you.  Please friend 
Ryoko the Spirit Caller.”
	“Sister Aeka, is that you.  Help me, something isn’t right.  I can’t think. 
  Help me.”
	“Ryoko everything will be okay.  Come with me.  We will go and see Him.”   
She shifted her spear into her left hand and reached down with her right.
	Pain shot through Ryoko’s head at her touch.  So much pain she had never 
ever felt its like before except second hand through humans.  Aeka was 
hurled back clenching her spear.  She shifted it to her right hand.
	“Sister you would betray me such.”  She braced the spear preparing to 
charge the kneeling foe that had given her such pain.
	“No, Aeka please, I...”  New pain exploded in her breast as the spear 
buried itself deep into her chest.  The blessing and holy runes giving it 
power beyond that of a normal spear, flashing to bright light.  Ryoko 
screamed, pain beyond anything she could have imagined searing her.  She was 
on fire a deep red that seemed to burn around her.
	Then blackness.
	A world stood before her when she opened her eyes.  Not her home, not the 
humans world, no this was a place made of red fire and sulfur.  Pain still 
crackled through her as tendrils of fire touched her.  She furled her wings 
to try to save them from the flames, only to realize that they were already 
gone, replaced by a tail.
	The flames around her flared to new life and she fell to the ground rolling 
in pain screaming.  She screamed for what felt like a million years but had 
only been a hundred.

***

	“Miss, wake up, please.  Oh, you must wake up now your having a nightmare.  
Oh, what should I do.”  Someone was shaking her.  Ryoko sat up fast, 
knocking Mihoshi onto her rear with a grunt of surprise.  Her mind still 
feeling those first hundred years spent in the deepest parts of hell away 
from everyone, alone, so alone.
	Angels when they are banished from earth are just that locked from visiting 
the mortal realm.  Demons though are taught new lessons.  For one hundred 
years they are left alone in agony.  It is a very good, if not excellent 
tool to train them then not to repeat their previous mistakes.  But neither 
Angels nor Demons dreamed.  They were in capable of dreaming.  Having no 
reason to sort out their minds or worry about the days events.  Nightmares, 
that was something different, though the majority were still human creations 
she had on a number of circumstances seeded someone’s dreams with 
nightmares.  But even that she should have been immune to.  Just like the 
string glowing faintly on her chest.  Even with the distance away from him 
it gave off a touch of comfort and love.
	Ryoko dressed as quickly as possible followed by a nagging Mihoshi.  
Following the thread attached to her.  She went looking for the boy Tenchi.

***

	“Aeka, that’s a beautiful name.”  He handed her the tea cup filled with 
steaming bitter green tea.
	They had moved from outside to the monks quarters.  Talking about 
inconsequential, such as the weather.
	His cup lay drained along with hers and the great weather that had been 
promised at sunrise had already turned into sheets of rain.
	She seemed to be studying him.  Trying to get a feel of what he was like.
	“I really have work to do.”  He sighed looking at the rain.  “At least its 
just indoors stuff.”

***

	Aeka fingered the tea cup that had been full a half hour ago.  She wished 
that she could see his soul.  But somehow she already knew what it would 
tell her.  This boy had too much goodness coming from him.  The strings that 
she could see connecting him were many.  A large knot tied to a number of 
them showing that they were once connected to the now dead.  Normally, she 
didn’t work conversions that was the job of the more soldierly of His 
followers.  For a second she thought about following the example of that 
hussy Ryoko and seducing him or at least something like that.  But she 
tossed the thought away, scared that she had even thought it.
	Tenchi began collecting up the tea items.  Handling them almost reverently 
as if they held some added meaning to him.  He calmly smiled and reached out 
a hand for her cup.  Smiling slightly back she handed him her cup touching 
the side of his hand by accident.
	A soul string, she hated the term thread of fate, had attached itself to 
her hand.  She vainly waved her hand to unseat it afraid that she had 
tampered with his destiny to the point that one of his threads had been 
unseated by her except it didn’t come off instead it climbed slowly up her 
arm across her shoulder and chest and proudly stuck to where her heart would 
have been.
	Aeka tried to grab it off yanking with both her hands to no avail.
	“Miss Aeka, are you ok?”  At his words the string seemed to grow even 
brighter and thicker.  Firmly attaching the two of them together, even worse 
she could feel concern radiate over it the pleasure was almost that of 
standing in His presence.
	“I’m fine.  Thank you for worrying about me.”
	“Thank Tsunami.”  He breathed.
	“Who?”
	“The guardian spirit of this shrine.”  He paused.  “The tree and water 
Kami.”
	“Oh, of course.”  She hadn’t paid much attention to who the shrine had been 
for.  Only that it was of the Shinto cult.

***

	The shutters of the little shrine blew inward releasing a sonic boom on the 
little enclosed area.  The irreplaceable pair of matching tea cups that had 
been his grandfathers went flying into the air and broke into a thousand 
pieces.  Tenchi choked back a sob.  Outside displayed in all its glory, the 
alien ship hovered causing a dry patch where rain should have fallen 
incessantly.
	“Please, Miss Aeka, stay here.  This is something I must do.”  He asked her 
almost too softly for her to hear over the rain before dashing outside 
drenched immediately.  Not even bothering to approach the dry patch he stood 
outside of the shrine.  Staring at the huge ship Aeka watched him calmly 
from one of the broken windows.
	Once again the ball of light descended from the ship onto the area shielded 
from the rain.  It popped, revealing the two wooden logs and one diminutive 
little girl.  They both waited, seeing who would come to who.  A long time 
passed with both of the aliens staring at each other.  Finally the little 
girl approached walking out of her umbrella and into the rain shivering 
slightly.
	“Are you ready.”  Her face was a mask, cold and unreadable.  Tenchi 
wouldn’t have even thought she was alive except for the shivering she was 
trying hard to repress.
	“No.”  He quietly told her and turned walking back towards the shrine.
	“Their is no, no!”  Her voice going from young to commanding the shivering 
that had wracked her body gone by complete physical control.  “There was 
only a nice way and the hard way.”  He turned around afraid for the first 
time today and also a bit angry.
	The woman, Ryoko, had just appeared climbing the stairs in the front of the 
shrine.  Behind her out of breath and winning the blond hair priestess 
arrived as well.

***

	Aeka saw Tenchi’s soul for the first time.  His decision not to go with the 
aliens revealing it for some reason.  The majority still clouded in darkness 
but one ray of clear white light escaped.  Somehow she knew that the rest 
was the exact same color.
	The ray of light darkened and was hidden again.  Looser threads connecting 
to him snapped.  Major threads withered and became pale.  Except for one 
newly forged ribbon directly connected to the little princess.  Strong and 
bright it burned.  Gathering up threads that had been snapped and creating a 
chain of iron light to the young man.
	Aeka saw the small little line that connected her and Tenchi together 
wither and fall apart.  She blinked back tears that she hadn’t know she 
could shed and shifted.
	Clothed proudly in light white silk.  Spear and shield adorning her hands.  
She spread her wings.  This was the first time that she had ever walked the 
mortal realm in her true form and it felt good.  Glowing slightly, she flew 
out the shattered window.  Flapping her wings twice she landed in front of 
Tenchi between him and the little girl who was rewriting his soul.

***

	Gasping hard, trying not to scream from the loss of the little thread that 
was dimming with every second Ryoko charged forward leaving Mihoshi behind 
on the last stair.
	Somehow impossibly that little girl, the princess of an alien goddess, was 
changing Tenchi’s soul by force.  Even worse he was forgetting her.  There 
was no way that she would ever go back to being alone again.  Not while he 
was alive and no one had better stand in her way.
	She could never muster enough power to attack the girl in her false human 
form.  She changed in a heart beat teleporting herself in front of Tenchi.  
Aeka somehow stood beside her.  She felt an old ball of hate rise to the 
surface.  But the other woman failed to attack her caught up in trying to 
stop the control spell being wrought.  Ryoko felt her bond to Tenchi begin 
to pull away like a physical pain.  Uncaring, now she charged at the 
princess leaving her back undefended.

***

	Forced to rational thought by the sight of Ryoko, plunging into a head long 
attack on the princess.  Aeka formed a power web to her spear praying for 
energy she normally couldn’t hope to command and forcing it into the spirit 
world.
	Told never to even attempt such an action she tried to cut the iron force 
that was binding Tenchi’s soul.  Impact with it sent her reeling as if she 
had touched live wires with metal.  For a brief moment the power of the 
binding had dimmed and then reeled back twice as bright, strong as iron and 
just as difficult to cut.
	It looked like, somehow, she was stuck in a physical confrontation with an 
alien and her oldest enemy her only ally.

***

	Pushing a hand into the ground, Ryoko called, and was answered by a minor 
guardian spirit of the shrine.  Not even pausing she teleported behind the 
princess and let off a pair of power balls.
	The two logs that had been placidly following the little girl suddenly came 
alive.  One charging after her blocking the balls of light with a shield it 
projected.  And then firing back from a jewel set near the top.  She 
teleported again dodging and formed a sword of blood red in her hand 
grinning evilly.

***

	One of the logs blocked Aeka’s way as the other one attacking Ryoko.  It 
paused waiting to see if she harbored hostile intend.
	Preying, Aeka charged her spear again and flew forward on a ramming course 
her wings flapping huge and stately arcs.  The piece of a tree before her 
fired off the same energy projectile the other had used on Ryoko.  She 
blocked with her buckler and crashed into the stump driving her spear deep 
into its side.  Instead of showing pain it rotated rapidly to the right 
forcing Aeka to hold onto her weapon at all cost or be thrown.  A bolt of 
energy sped from its jewel again, unprepared to block this time she took the 
full power of the blast sending her flying across the ground.  Pain coursing 
from the area that had been hit.  Leaving her spear behind, imbedded in the 
tree.

***
	Still trying unsuccessfully, to keep her hair dry with her umbrella, the 
blond priestess watched the fight unsure who to cheer for.
	The nice young lady with the nightmares had some how grown a tail and was 
throwing bolts of light, flying, and teleporting.  While the little princess 
seemed to be completely ignoring the battle.  The only other person she 
recognized was the dark hair boy she was suppose to help take care of the 
shrine with.
	Before her in-between the fight an Oni began to rise out of the ground.
	Finally something she could do.  Taking out her wand with its paper spirit 
traps at the end she dismissed the spirit before it even had a chance to 
fully form.
	Congratulating herself, she only got the spell right about one out of three 
times, she wandered into the battle towards Tenchi.

***

	Somehow her demon had been dismissed.  Leaving her sapped as the power she 
had been using to form it snapped.  The tree fired at her again causing her 
to teleport.  The world went black for a second and then phased back into 
view showing two lines of red light coming at her.  Somehow the stump had 
anticipated where she would return at.  *Thats not possible.*  Pain lanced 
through her as she crashed into the ground.  Once again Ryoko gathered the 
power to call forth a spirit to aid her.  The tree fired at her, not giving 
her a chance to fully form the spell as she dodged.
	The battle had pulled the two logs away from their ward.  With a feral grin 
Ryoko teleported behind the princess and struck out with her light sword.  
It skittered across a barrier held by miniature versions of the logs she was 
battling.  They just appeared with no warning given, Ryoko was forced to 
dodge to her left as the stump behind her opened fire.  She flew around it 
trying to spot any weaknesses.

***

	*Tsunami, this is wrong.*  Sasami yelled battering against the walls that 
had sprung up between her and her body.
	*You are to young to understand, this must be done for the good of Jurai.*  
She strengthened the spell holding Tenchi cutting off unneeded connections 
to his soul and firmly attaching them to her and Sasami.
	*Jurai is dead!  They are all dead!*  The strong emotion crumbled one of 
Tsunami’s walls forcing her to refocus to rebuild it.  A few of Tenchi’s 
fate strings fell from her grasp and reconnected themselves unsteadily to 
where they belonged.
	Exasperated, she grabbed those threads again only to see one of the local 
servant spirits crash into the uneven stone ground.  It was the one who had 
tried to sever her connection earlier.  One of her beautiful white wings 
crumpled slightly and sat wrong on her back.  A flash of memories filled 
Tsunami’s mind of a young girl finding a bird with a wing the same way in 
the palace gardens.  How she had secretly nursed it back to health.  Afraid 
that she would be caught and punished for showing an emotion.  Afraid that 
she would be forced to perform the purification ceremony again.  Tsunami 
tried to block the memories.  Memories that were not her own.  This host was 
flawed so terribly flawed.  Her barriers crumbled underneath the weight of 
those emotions.  She once again lost the control of the  host body.
	The spell uncompleted began to unravel it’s self, slowly at first then 
picking up speed as more of the knots that held it unraveled.
	“Stop it!”  The princess yelled.  “Please, stop it.”  She started crying.  
Tears streaming down the side of her face as the two logs with drew from 
their attack taking up protective positions around her.  The two guardian 
spirits assuming the same stance around Yosho’s grandson.

***

	Aeka was confused, the enemy had withdrawn just before it would have 
banished her.  Unsteadily she walked over to where Tenchi was, cradling her 
wings carefully against her back.  The knot of souls the alien had been 
wrongfully weaving falling apart.  She sighed as the thread linking her 
attached itself again brighter and stronger then before.
	Ryoko teleported next to her.  Ignoring her old enemy for the new common 
one.
	They both stared at the little princess who seemed even smaller and crying 
silent long trails of tears down her face.
	Focusing her mental energy she called her spear to her and took up a 
defensive stance waiting.

***

	The darkness parted tearing away.  The paralysis that had held him fading 
to a memory.  Tenchi blinked his eyes.  Before him stood two woman and then 
a little farther the little princess, crying, and her two guardians.
	Not knowing exactly why.  Tenchi rushed forward past the two woman who he 
vaguely recognized, past the two logs who failed to stop him, and up to the 
princess.
	He hugged her giving her a shoulder to cry on, and softly stroked her hair. 
  Whispering “Don’t worry.  It’ll  be okay.”

***

	Ryoko watched surprised that she felt this jealous.  The bonds that held 
her to Tenchi strong again.  The weavings of their enemy remained though not 
overly large, about the same size as the one connecting her and, the name 
leaving a  bitter taste in her mouth, Aeka.



(1)  	This is a lie but one she makes unknowingly.  Their religions are 
based on the faith of their followers.  So Aeka can not, will not, believe 
in what is to her a false god unless they were attacked.  In such a 
situation almost always the demons will throw in with the so called false 
religion reinforcing the angels belief that it was a false religion.
	The basic religions require about 500,000 followers to have an advanced and 
fully realized religious system.  Below that thought noise and disbelief 
drown it out.  This was not always so.  The threshold has increased 
dramatically with the advanced birth of science and non religions methods of 
explaining reality, such as evolution.  A smaller group though of say larger 
then a hundred can perform miracles.  Even one person can perform a miracles 
if they believe hard enough.  But with more followers the greater the 
strength and number of helpful guardian spirits.  After they breach the 
follower threshold though the religion can form and create such places as a 
heaven and hell.


Hit the back button on your browser now,

Please send all comments to STRIKESTWICE@hotmail.com


