Tenchi-Muyo! Ryo-ohki:  Earth and Sky - Heavens
	by Achariyth

A word to the wise, TM!R: Earth and Sky is a fanfiction series inspired by
the OAV series.  Although set sometime after OAV 13, Earth and Sky will
probably incorporate elements of the TV series, Shin Tenchi, and Midsummer's
Eve as well.

Tenchi and company are owned by AIC and distributed by Pioneer.  Fusion,
_Starchaser's_ ship design, and the Fish are the property of David Feintuch.
 Any other references to other authors' works are intentional, and do not
belong to me.

Part One: 

	"Captain.  We are set to Defuse in ten minutes, sir."  a Lieutenant reported
from his console on the bridge of _Starchaser_, scoutship for a ravenesque
race that called itself Crebain.  _Starchaser_ was the one of the first of
the Crebain's newest class of interstellar exploration vessels and only the
second to incorporate the new Fusion faster-than-light drive.  She set out
from their home planet with the mission to explore nearby systems, and to
establish contact with any sufficiently advanced culture.  After exploring
each system, _Starchaser_ would release a Fusion probe to return to the home
system.  Four years and three systems later, her crew had yet to see the
halfway point of their mission.
	The _Starchaser's_ Captain, a Crebain considerably larger in stature and
darker in his jet black plumage than his crew, nodded in response.  He was
trying not to let his crew see just how impatient he was to Defuse.  Eighteen
months of the starlessness and tedium of Fusion had dampened his spirits, as
well as those of his crew.  Now, just the thought of seeing stars again, made
his pulse quicken with anticipation. 
	Ordering all sections to Defusion stations, the Captain turned again to the
simulscreen.  He wondered if this system had intelligent life.  The odds
against that were rather high.  None of the nine systems explored by Crebain
ships held a creature more advanced than boneless fish.  This new system
would be the tenth, and of those ten, _Starchaser_ had scouted four.  Still,
the possibility existed.  Maybe the culture would be sufficiently advanced
 and benevolent enough to replace _Starchaser's_ cursedly slow Fusion drive
with something more efficient.
	Slowly, the ship's chronometer ticked down to zero.  At zero, the Captain
traced an arc on his control display and _Starchaser_ Defused.  In an
instant, she* stopped riding the N-wave she used to sail at faster then light
speeds and reappeared in normal space somewhere between Jupiter and Saturn.
 The only indication of _Starchaser's_ return to normal space that the crew
could notice was the sudden reappearance of stars when one looked out a
viewport.  After Defusion, the Captain scanned his status map of his ship.
 Containing a two-dimensional rendering of _Starchaser_, the map relayed to
the officer on the bridge the status of every
section of the ship.  Although pleased with his crew's readiness, the Captain
could not help but to wonder about the design of the ship.  _Starchaser_,
unlike other Crebain ships, was designed around the specifications her Fusion
drive mandated.  This resulted in a ship than looked like a stubby pencil
with three foam disks attached roughly around the halfway point of said
pencil.  Compared to the more elegant avian lines of more typical Crebain
ships, _Starchaser_ and her sisters were downright ugly.
	With Defusion accomplished, the Captain began barking orders to deploy
sensor probes to scout the Sol system.  The crew scurried about, executing
their Captain's orders as rapidly and efficiently as possible.  It would be
at least four hours until the sensor probes began relaying useful information
about the system. 

*I'm using the American tradition of referring to ships as female throughout
the series.  

					*	*	*

	Somewhere inside the regional Galaxy Police Headquarters closest to the Sol
system, a sensor technician's display flashed red.  Automatically, the tech
queried the computer for the cause of the alarm.
	"Commander, an unknown ship has entered the Sol System."
	The Commander, a member of the leonid species that seemed to make up a good
portion of the Galaxy Police personnel, pondered the new development.  "What
is the ship's name and registry?"
	"The ship does not appear to have standard Galactic transponders, sir.  I'll
check to see if the ship's design is in our computers."
	The Commander nodded in approval.  He enjoyed working with his staff,
especially since they acted on their own initiative, not waiting to be
ordered to do a task.
	"How long will that take, Ms. Kochanski?"
	"An hour or so, sir," the tech replied.  "But it looks like a new class of
ship.  Could be space pirates, smugglers, or a new interstellar-capable
species."
	"Keep me posted on this ship.  If it so much as moves a laser turent, I want
to know.  Move a Sentry satellite closer to provide us more information.
 Hopefully it's a new species and not a band of space pirates."

					*	*	*

	"Oh, Kiyone!" an eternally cheerful voice sang out somewhere behind
Detective First Class Kiyone Makibi.  Kiyone grimaced, as she usually did
when her partner called for her.
	"Yes, Mihoshi?" she replied, resigned to her fate.  Detective First Class
Mihoshi
Kuramitsu was like a little child at times, and like any little child, she
often wanted to buy stuff, visit places, and do things that Kiyone would
rather not deal with.  Unfortunately for her partner, she also could talk
Kiyone into doing almost anything, no matter how hard Kiyone resisted.  It
did not matter that Kiyone tended to enjoy herself on Mihoshi's outings, she
still held a sense of foreboding whenever Mihoshi called.
	Kiyone was the newest of a series of alien women who had, through one way or
another, taken up residence at the Masaki house.  Having been repartnered to
Mihoshi in an attempt to increase patrols in the Sol system in response to
the increased activity in the area due to Kagato and Dr. Clay's successive
violations of the non-combat zone surrounding Earth.  Since Earth was still
regarded as a Juraian colony, whether its people knew it or not, the Galaxy
Police, who technically did not have jurisdiction over the area, had
difficulty in sending Kiyone to Earth.  Only after Emperor Azusa had realized
that his daughters would have better protection did he allow the Galaxy
Police to assign a sole "advisor" to assist (i.e. baby-sit) the sole existing
Galaxy Police advisor in sovereign Juraian space (i.e. Mihoshi).  Kiyone was
chosen partially because she was the best of the younger generation of Galaxy
Police, as well as Mihoshi's last partner.  Mihoshi's grandfather chose
Kiyone personally because he wanted someone he could trust to keep his
granddaughter safe.  Many detectives would have given their eyeteeth to be
assigned to the Sol System, but Kiyone felt slighted.  She perceived her
assignment as a backwater system that dead-ended her career, feeling that she
would be forgotten when promotions or reassignments were handed out.
 Needless to say, this did not help her fiery temper at all.
	"Can we go to the karoke bar again?" Mihoshi asked innocently.  Karoke had
become something of an obsession with the blonde policewoman.
	"No, we've already gone twice this week."  Tenchi's father, Nobiyuki Masaki,
made an excellent living as an architect.  Considering that he had to support
his father, his son, himself, six alien women, and one voracious cabbit,
Nobiyuki was fortunate to have such a high paying job.  With all those mouths
to feed, the family budget was strained at best.  Converting all the Masaki
fields into carrot fields to feed the carrot-obsessed Ryo-ohki helped
somewhat, but there was not much room for impulse buys, a specialty of
Mihoshi's.  Kiyone did not want to be a burden to the Masakis', so she was
considering working part time to help out.  After all, Galaxy Police credits
just do not convert into yen, dollars, francs, or anything else on Earth.  At
one time, she had also thought about moving into a small apartment, but at
part time wages, she would be hard pressed to make ends meet.
	"Please," Mihoshi begged, smiling and doing her best to get Kiyone to cave
in.
	Kiyone was about to respond in her typically angry fashion, when she heard a
commotion out in the backyard. 	"Ryoko, get off of me!"
	"Miss Ryoko, get away from Tenchi this instant!  I demand it!"
	"Make me, Ayeka.  Besides, if you haven't noticed this by now, Princess,
this isn't Jurai.  You can demand all you want, but I don't have to do
anything," came Ryoko's reply.  Then two voices resumed shouting at each
other, each trying to best their rival for Tenchi's affection. 
	Kiyone sighed again.  Ryoko and Ayeka were fighting over Tenchi.  Literally.
 For the third time today.  Kiyone often wondered why Tenchi put up with the
constant bickering and fighting of two powerful and very possessive women.
 She did not understand why he did not choose someone and be done.  Mihoshi
and Kiyone winced as an explosion further shattered the illusion of peace in
the home.  Kiyone silently prayed that something wrong had happened in
Washu's lab, instead of Ayeka and Ryoko's argument escalating into blows.
 Then again, if he chose one of the girls, Kiyone had a suspicion the
slighted rival, especially if it was Ayeka, would try to obliterate her rival
for Tenchi's affections, and possibly even Tenchi if she was not
careful.  And woe to the Earth girl who might steal Tenchi's heart.  Ryoko
and Ayeka would tear her to pieces.  Ultimately, it did not matter to Kiyone
who won the "Great Tenchi Sweepstakes," just as long as the incessant
fighting stopped.  Having no desire to intervene in the present argument,
Kiyone felt a sudden urge for karoke.  And, since Mihoshi took her role as a
peacekeeper a bit too seriously, Kiyone had mere seconds before Mihoshi would
try unsuccessfully to break up the fight.
	"All right, Mihoshi.  Let's go."  Karoke is the lesser of two evils, Kiyone
thought.
	"Yeah!"  Mihoshi cheered enthusiastically.  "Gee, Kiyone, usually you put up
more of a fight.  Are you feeling well?"
	"Yes.  I just want some-" Kiyone was interrupted by another explosion,
bigger than the last.  "peace and quiet for once."
	"They do fight a lot."
	"Yes, they do."
	"Maybe we should stop them."
	Kiyone turned, grabbed Mihoshi's arm.  "Come on, Mihoshi.  Let's go!"  She
rushed out of the house, while Mihoshi tried frantically to catch up with her
partner.

					*	*	*

	"Stop it!  Both of you, stop fighting!"  Tenchi shouted angrily at Ayeka and
Ryoko.  It astonished and infuriated him how frequently Ryoko and Ayeka
fought over him.  It also surprised him how many girls began to like him ever
since he awakened Ryoko.  He knew Ryoko, Ayeka, Tsunami, Washu, and Mihoshi
all liked him.  Sasami had a schoolgirl crush on him, and now that he was not
home schooled anymore, he noticed that some of his female classmates were
friendlier than usual.  All this attention surprised Tenchi.  After all, he
did not consider himself a Don Juan, Casanova, or a Ranma Saotome.
	"Sorry, Tenchi,"  Ayeka apologized, turning away from Ryoko.
	"We didn't mean to upset you, Tenchi," Ryoko replied contritely.  If it had
been anyone else besides Tenchi asking her to stop fighting, Ryoko at best
would have ignored the request.  At worst, well, what kind of casket is used
for a person who has just been disintegrated?  
	Tenchi was grateful for the momentary peace and quiet   However, the odds of
it lasting more than a moment were very slim.  The two rivals would probably
fight over who started the argument.  True to form, Ayeka rightly accused
Ryoko of being the instigator of the latest argument, provoking a new round
of fighting.  Tenchi could only sigh in response.  He sometimes wondered why
the gods subjected him to this.  If he asked, Tenchi believe the answer would
be either "It amuses us," or "Because you anger me."  He walked away from
Ryoko and Ayeka, knowing he was unable to defuse the time bomb of their
argument.
	"I think I'll go check on Sasami," he thought as he walked towards the
house.  Princess Sasami Masaki Jurai was the younger sister of Princess
Ayeka, and also the "goddess"/Protector of Jurai Tsunami.  While on Jurai,
Sasami was mortally injured as a result of a fall inside Jurai's Royal
Garden.  Tsunami merged with Sasami, saving the young princess' life.  Tenchi
knew that Sasami had a crush on him.  Sometimes he wondered if Tsunami liked
him because Sasami did or vice versa.  It was also unknown how much of
Sasami's personality was Tsunami's or her own.  Anyways, it would not be
proper to ask Sasami any of these questions, and Tenchi was very proper.
	Tenchi reached out to open the door when it opened abruptly.  Kiyone rushed
through the door, inadvertently knocking Tenchi down to ground.  Kiyone
stopped running to see if Tenchi was okay before resuming her three kilometer
dash.  Mihoshi, on the other hand, tripped and fell onto Tenchi, landing in
such a way that Ryoko would have given all her gems to switch places with
Mihoshi.  Kiyone groaned, fighting a futile battle against her anger.
 Mihoshi could be so clumsy sometimes.  Relieved for once that Ryoko and
Ayeka were occupied, Kiyone tried to
separate Mihoshi and Tenchi, before a problem ensued.  Ryoko and Ayeka fought
each other like cats and dogs, but if another girl threatened to steal Tenchi
from them, the two would turn on the rival, as Tsunami had found out.  If
either saw Mihoshi now, life would be... complicated... for everyone
involved.
	Tenchi was trying his best not to blush.  "Mihoshi, are you all right?" he
asked, genuinely concerned.  He also tried to sit up, hoping Mihoshi would
get the subtle hint.
 	Mihoshi just nodded, sitting up and, more importantly for her long term
health, off  of Tenchi.  Normally she could talk to Tenchi, but there were
times when she was unsure of her true feelings for him.  Whenever this
happened, she just couldn't speak without blushing and getting embarrassed.
 No matter how hard Kiyone tried, she still could not get Mihoshi to talk
coherently about her feelings for Tenchi.
	"Come on, Mihoshi!  We'll be late!"  Kiyone hinted, glaring at Mihoshi
impatiently. 
Then, turning to Tenchi: "Oh, I'm sorry about this," she apologized, as she
helped her partner and the youngest Masaki back to their feet.
	"That's okay, Kiyone," Tenchi responded cordially.
	"We'll be back for dinner.  Bye!"  Kiyone said hurriedly, pulling Mihoshi
behind her as she started running again.
	"Way, Kiyone!  Slow down!  Please!"  Mihoshi panted.
	"Okay.  Have fun!"  Tenchi called after the rapidly disappearing two Galaxy
Policewomen.  "That's strange," he whispered to himself.  "Usually its
Mihoshi pulling Kiyone everywhere."  He shrugged.  "Go figure."  He walked
inside his house.
	"Good evening, Tenchi," Sasami greeted him between giggles.  She tasted the
dish she had been preparing for supper.  It would seem unusual to have the
youngest girl in the household be responsible for cooking meals for the
Masaki's, especially since Washu, Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Nobiyuki all could do
a respectable job at cooking.  However, Sasami was the household's best cook,
and she had assumed the role before the other girls had arrived on Earth.
 Somebody had to cook since Ayeka and Ryoko could barely hold their own (in
more ways than one) against Akane Tendo's cooking and Nobiyuki often was
needed at the office.  Besides, Sasami did not mind at all.  "Dinner, won't
be ready for awhile."
	"Smells good, Sasami.  Would you like some help?"
	Sasami smiled at Tenchi's compliment.  "No, not right now."  Sasami saw
movement out of the corner of her eye.  She turned her head, and found a
humanoid Ryo-ohki climbing onto the table in attempt to reach one of the
carrots Sasami would use to make supper.  "No, Ryo-ohki!  You'll ruin your
supper!"
	Ryo-ohki, surprised by Sasami's outburst, lost her balance and tumbled,
reverting to cabbit form in the process.  She miya-ed in disappointment, then
looked up at Tenchi with sorrowful eyes.
	"Not this time, Ryo-ohki.  Maybe after dinner," Tenchi responded.
	The cabbit sighed, and scurried off towards the carrot fields.
	"Well, if you don't need my help, I'll be in my room studying."
	"Okay, Tenchi."
	Tenchi left the kitchen to go to his room, stopping to tip-toe quietly past
the door of Washu's lab.  He did not feel up to one of Washu's little "tests"
that usually left him stripped down to his boxers and at Washu's mercy.  One
time she even asked for a sperm sample.  Now Tenchi did not know much about
such tests, but he was pretty sure the nurses that collected the samples did
not collect them using hands-on assistance.  Walking upstairs, he breathed a
sigh of relief.  Then he entered his room to finish the night's homework. 

					*	*	*

	"You've got two incoming, Echo-3.  The green-haired model and the ditz,"
Echo-6
radioed.
	Mihai Tamarov, also known as Echo-3, grinned wryly.  "Affirmative, Echo-6.
 Try to keep it down, though.  I'm sure they head your last message, over."
	"Shut up you two and do your jobs,"  Echo-Leader admonished in a gruff
voice.
	"Yes sir!" came the stereo response.
	Mihai settled down behind the bush he had picked as his post.  This was the
seventh stakeout he had participated in ever since he joined the United
Nations Commission for the Search for Extraterrestrial Life on Earth, known
in bureaucrat-ese as "Unsettled."  Mihai had always thought that name sounded
more like a digestive problem than a proper name for a secret service.  Even
"Men in Black" sounded better, as the more roguish operatives of the
Commission called themselves after the American movie had been released.  It
just seemed fitting.  Unsettled's stated mission was to find any alien
creatures who might have taken up residence on Earth, and register them,
after the aliens paid a fee.  The fee usually was paid in technology,
knowledge, or service.  Any creature unwilling to pay the fee was escorted
off planet, usually under the threat of annihilation.  Sure, the Commission
used strong arm tactics and violated many human rights in achieving their
objectives, but where could the aliens take their complaints to? 
	Mihai heard rustling.  Crouching down low, he was able to see the two
alphas, Unsettled radio slang for aliens, running frantically on a nearby
path.  The green haired one was pulling the blonde (in personality as well as
color).  A half-minute later, they disappeared from view.  Mihai radioed to
the next person in the surveillance network setup around the Masaki property.
 An idle part of his mind wondered what the green-haired one was like, once a
person got to know her.  Then he shook his head.  That would not be
professional of him, and could quite well get
him killed if he ever had to fight her.  At least Mihai could take solace in
the fact that this mission had gone better than the others he had worked on
lately.  There had been a half dozen false alarms, such as the Nerima
district, and the Tomobiki fiasco had soured Echo Sqaud's morale.  It had
taken a month for the last of the squad to recover from wounds due to
electrocution.  Mihai twitched slightly in remembrance of that failed
encounter as he prayed that this would not be a repeat performance.  One of
the alphas was known to hurl energy blasts when she was angered.  But if
things went well, there would be promotions, generous bonus pay, and at least
six alphas from which Unsettled could glean technology from.
	"Tamarov, pull back.  Now!" the squad leader growled urgently on the radio.
	Mihai's eyes widened.  His commanding officer never used last names except
in an emergency, such as being discovered by a target.  Swearing in Romanian
under his breath, he bid a stealthy, but hasty, retreat from his position
alongside the road.
	"What did I do now?" he wondered silently.
	From a location unseen by Mihai, but visible to his commanding officer,
Ryo-ohki sat, watching the Romanian move out of view.  She miya-ed softly,
then scampered off in search of a carrot to eat.

					*	*	*

	Washu scanned the link data Ryo-ohki had acquired for her today.  Filtering
the
information past Ryoko's link with Ryo-ohki had been difficult, but
rewarding,.  Washu, using Ryo-ohki as her "camera", had been spying on the
intruders since she had first discovered them about three weeks ago.  It was
a welcome distraction from her most frustrating project, the trigger to
Tenchi's conscious control over the Light Hawk Wings.  She knew that placing
Tenchi in mortal danger allowed him to use the Wings, almost if there was a
force whose sole goal was preserving Tenchi's life.  However, there must be a
way for him to generate the Light Hawk Wings on command.  The seemingly
contradicting data frustrated and baffled the supergenius,
something she did not handle well.  Therefore, she was almost relieved when
the Unsettled scout team began their reconnaissance of the Masaki house.
	"What is this?"  the self-proclaimed greatest mind in the galaxy thought out
loud.  She saw Kiyone and Mihoshi running along a path, while a camouflaged
and hooded figure watched silently.  Then the figure retreated hastily.
	"Wonder why he did that?"  she mused silently.  "Well, at least he isn't
following Kiyone and Bubblehead.  Still, I guess I should warn them soon."
 By this point, only Washu and Yosho knew of the intruders.  Until Washu knew
more about why they were here, Yosho had decided not to cause Tenchi and the
others to worry  needlessly, preventing Ryoko from taking out her feelings on
the intruders as well.  At the same time, Washu had began preparing traps
similar to the one currently installed on Tenchi's door.
	"His retreat indicates military training.  Hmm. I doubt the Self Defense
Force makes house calls,"  Washu dictated to her computer.  Typing away on
her holocomputer, she accessed the UN's computer network.  Noting certain
sections were either encrypted or restricted, she loosed her special hacking
programs to break the electronic seals.  Five minutes later, the United
Nations most secure files had been breached.  The five linked planets that
comprised Washu's lab held an astonishing amount of computing power, more
that enough to breach any security system.  However, since much of the United
Nation's files were encrypted, Washu would still have a hard time sifting the
files for relevant information.
	It had to happen sometime.  Washu was only surprised that it had not
happened earlier.  After all, Earth was rather xenophobic in nature.  Popular
shows like _Independence Day_, _Alien_, _X-Files_, _Macross_, and _War of the
Worlds_ seemed instruct all Terrans, as some Earth writers had dubbed their
race, not to trust anyone from another world since the intruder was more than
likely to try to take over the planet, slaughtering many humans in the
process.  Washu snickered derisively at that thought.  These silly humans
would have been enslaved within
a year if Washu wanted.  All she had to do was create an army of Ryoko
clones.  However, after Kagato had captured and controlled Ryoko, Washu had
sworn she would never make another Ryoko.  The destruction one unit could
cause was enormous.  That and Ryoko could be so ill-tempered at times.  Washu
loved science, learning, and the joy of creation, not power.  Oh well, yet
another idea that will never happen.  
	When Washu had joined the Masaki household, she quickly realized that sooner
or later someone would figure out that most of the household were not Terran.
 The remote location helps negate Ryoko's energy barrages and the stream of
spacecraft that the house always seemed to attract.  Everyone's humanoid
bodies helped camouflage their alien origin, even if most of the girls, with
the exception of Mihoshi, had Technicolor hair.  Sooner or later, their
secret would be out, filling the area around the Masaki household with
gawking tourists, paparazzi, _Enquirer_ journalists, scientists, and other
less scrupulous persons.  The relative peace of Tenchi and his family and
friends would be shattered forever.  Fortunately, this was just conjecture,
up to now.  Instead of paparazzi lurking around the house, there were trained
paramilitary personnel, increasing the gravity of the situation
exponentially.  If it had been paparazzi, Washu would have let Ryoko deal
with them.  Earth would have fewer paparazzi and Ryoko would be more
cheerful, making the universe a happier, much safer place in the process.
 But fry a few troops, and the hills would be swarmed by vengeful and
well-armed comrades.  Sometimes Washu wished she could have the innocence and
countenance of Mihoshi.  A few seconds after that thought, she would
reprimand herself for drinking too much sake.
 	"Oh, well. Time to tell Yosho today's news," she said after implementing a
text search program.  She then left her lab, beginning the long walk to the
shrine.

					*	*	*

	"Thank you very much, Kumashiro-san," Tenchi said before he hung up his
phone.  He had recently re-enrolled in a nearby public school.  Since he was
having some difficulty completing his homework, he had called a classmate,
one Sakuya Kumashiro, for help.  Two hours later, the two of them had spent
more time chatting than discussing their homework.  Tenchi looked at his
clock and sighed.  Sakuya had helped somewhat, but now he had to hurry and
finish his homework before Ryoko interrupted him.
	"Back to work," he thought aloud, as he sat down at his desk.  He picked up
his pencil and read the first problem.  But before he could start writing, he
heard a knock on his door. 
	"I'm never going to get this done,"  he groaned, as tears of frustration
flowed.  Regaining his composure, he called out, "What is it?"
	The door opened, and Ayeka stuck her head into the room.  "Tenchi, dinner is
ready," Ayeka answered pleasantly.
	"Thank you, Miss Ayeka."  Tenchi stood up and walked with Ayeka downstairs
to the dinner table.  He sat down next to a jealous Ryoko, who glared at
Ayeka.
	Giggling as she spoke, Sasami greeted Tenchi and Ayeka, bidding them to eat.
 Kiyone and Mihoshi were devouring Sasami's latest meal, a Juraian pasta
served with a chicken Caesar salad.  Lately, Sasami had begun to experiment
with European recipes in addition to the Juraian and Japanese dishes she had
already learned.  She was anxiously awaiting her mother's next visit so she
could share some of her favorite Earth dishes.  Washu and Yosho, in direct
contrast to the Galaxy Policewomen, just picked at their meal haphazardly.
 They seemed to be
preoccupied with something.  This struck Tenchi as odd, for his grandfather
and Washu were two of the most confident and unflappable people he had ever
met.  This did not bode well.  Tenchi made a mental note to ask Washu about
what was bothering her.  The meal proceeded quietly, as Yosho and Washu's
discomfort settled upon everyone present.  Even Ayeka and Ryoko were silent,
although this did not prevent them from glaring at each other.  Ayeka was
upset that Ryoko sat so close to Tenchi.  Then again, if Ryoko was within two
feet of Tenchi, Ayeka grew jealous. 
	"Thank you, Sasami.  Dinner was excellent," Tenchi praised Sasami, in an
effort to break the unusual silence lingering around the table.
	Sasami smiled, basking in Tenchi's praise.  Part of the reason she worked so
hard in the kitchen was to please Tenchi.  If he left, chances were that the
other girls diet would suffer as a result.  The others echoed Tenchi's
sentiment, grateful to have something to talk about.  The meal ended soon
afterwards, and everyone dispersed.  Tenchi walked upstairs to attempt to
finish his homework before Ryoko decided poke her head in his room.
 Silently, he gave thanks that Ryoko had not overheard his conversation with
Sakuya.

End of part 1

Send all C&C to Achariyth@AOL.com
