Well here it is... finally... so you can stop bugging me Dav! This was 
originally planned as the second chapter in the series, but when I 
looked back on what I had done in chapter 1, I wanted to do a rewrite.
I was not happy at all with how it turned out. So I have been spending
some time practicing and hopefully my writing has improved immensely.
Even if you've read the original chapter 1, I suggest re-reading that
part of the story, as there were a few changes. 

This story takes place in the OVA + MnE continuity and is the first part
of an OVA continuity I have started called "Heaven and Night." I'm 
foreseeing five to six chapters for this story, but we'll see how things
turn out. 

Special thanks go out to Thomas "Davner" Doscher, Megami-Ryoko 
*huggles*, War-Ouki, and Bobert for their help during the process of
creating this thing. That's it from me, so you can go ahead and 
enjoy... well... read the story. ^_^

Tenchi Muyo! is the property of AIC/Pioneer. I don't own it nor the 
characters from it. Please don't sue me, I'm flat out broke. "Back
in Love" is from El Hazard, also the property of AIC/Pioneer. The 
story itself is mine and I ask that you don't post it or use it in
any way without my permission or use it for any means of profit. 

Tenchi Muyo! Heaven and Night Episode I :
Happy Birthday Ryoko!
Chapter 1 : Sins of the Mother
	by Cav

	“Hello Washu!” the young girl exclaimed. Sasami entered the 
confines of Washu’s laboratory with her small furry friend perched on
her shoulder.” What did you want to talk to me about?” she inquired.
	The small woman finished typing a few keys on her ethereal 
computer, then turned around to greet her guest. “Welcome Sasami. I’m
going to have to ask you first to send Ryo-Ohki back to the house.”
	Sasami looked puzzled. <Why would Washu worry about speaking in 
front of Ryo-Ohki?> “Well... ok,” Sasami finally said. “Wait for me
in the kitchen and when I get back I’ll give you a carrot if you behave.” 
	“Miyaa! Miyaa!” Ryo-Ohki ran excitedly back through the door into 
the Masaki household. 
	Turning her head to face Washu again, her large pink eyes looked
at her innocently. “Why didn’t you want Ryo-Ohki here? What do you want
Washu?”
	“Well you’re getting right to the point of the discussion,” 
replied Washu. She leaped up off of her chair and clasped her hands 
around her back and began to speak as she walked towards another portion 
of her lab. “Walk with me Sasami.”
	Sasami followed behind her, listening to her friend speak as they 
strolled through the lab. “A very special day is coming up for me 
Sasami. You see...” Washu turned her head to look at her. The soft, very
mature voice she spoke with indicated to her that this was a very 
serious matter for her friend. The redheaded woman stopped walking and 
spoke. “Well, I doubt she’d call it that, but it happens to be Ryoko’s
birthday.”
	Looking at Washu puzzled, Sasami inquired, “Why would she think 
that?”
	Hanging her head a bit, Washu replied softly, “I... I don’t know 
why.” 
	Seeing the effect the question had on her, Sasami decided to not 
inquire further on the issue. The pair had reached the end of a long
corridor, where a single door was in front of them. Sasami could see 
that this area of the lab was newly constructed. Outside of the 
corridor’s windows she could see a beautiful underwater environment.
Aquatic life of all shapes and sizes were swimming around in the vast 
ocean outside. Just with a quick glance Sasami could see life forms 
from at least a dozen different planets, all living peacefully 
together. Washu opened the door to let Sasami enter first and then 
followed behind her. 
	“Wow!” exclaimed Sasami as she looked around the room. <What
had Washu been working on in here?> There were computers all around 
the room; wires leading in and out of different contraptions Sasami 
couldn’t even begin to describe. In the center of the room was the most
notable of the devices though. A chamber of some sort was integrated 
into this machine. Inside the chamber was a seat with some sort of 
headpiece hovering above it. The machine itself stood about twenty feet
tall and was about ten feet wide. Everything in the room seemed to lead
in or out of it. 
	“Impressive eh?” Washu asked with that arrogant spark entering 
into her voice again. Her normal smile returned. Perhaps it was best to
lighten the mood a bit.
	“What does it do Washu?” inquired the blue haired girl. 
	“Sorry that’s for me to know only for now,” she replied. “Part of
the surprise, but you know the greatest scientific mind in the universe
wouldn’t build something that wasn’t impressive!”
	Sasami looked up and giggled. Washu led her to the back of the
room where there was a door. They entered into the room and Sasami let
out a small giggle. “You want me to bake a cake for her don’t you?” The
room was a brand new kitchen. Cabinets, oven, tables, and fridge: 
everything was brand new and Sasami was almost drooling at the prospect
of getting to bake a birthday cake in this kitchen. 
	“Of course I do! I’m too busy to bake the cake and you’re just 
about as good a cook as I am after all,” she said as she winked at 
Sasami. 
	“Of course Washu! I’ll do anything to help out,” Sasami said 
enthusiastically. 
	“Good, then you’ll have to start reading up on these now,” Washu
said as she handed Sasami the instructions.
	Sasami had never seen such a detailed set of instructions for 
baking a cake. And the first thing it said was “You will follow these 
instructions to the letter,” followed by a short note informing Sasami 
of how vital this cake was, and that if not baked precisely as the 
instructions dictated, the party would be completely ruined and Ryoko's
birthday an unmitigated disaster.  The final words on the note were, 
"But hey!  No pressure!" She already had the feeling this would take 
more work then usual. “Is there anything else you want me to do Washu?”
	“As a matter of fact yes,” she replied. “You need to tell everyone 
about the party, but make sure Ryo-Ohki doesn’t know as Ryoko might find 
out through her. I’m sure she’ll want to get Ryoko something, but you’ll 
have to wait until the day of the party to tell her. Don’t worry about 
Tenchi though I’ll take care of him.” Washu turned around and started to 
leave. She then looked back at Sasami. “I almost forgot: use that door 
on the left to leave. It’ll take you back to the entrance to my lab and 
you can use that from now on. I need some privacy in the other room so 
don’t even think of trying to go in there.”
	Sasami looked at Washu as she was leaving and said, “you can count
on me Washu.” 
	Sasami could just barely hear Washu as she was exiting the room.
“There’s some other instructions on what to do about the party on that 
note on the fridge.” 
	Sasami walked over to the fridge and looked at the “note.” She 
gulped at what turned out to be about thirty pages of instructions on 
what to do including pictures, graphs, and a long set of instructions. 
She looked down as she sighed. 


	It was a peaceful and quiet summer day. Children were out playing
in the grass, swimming in the lakes, and playing in the fields. The sun
was shining peacefully across the beautiful landscape. and birds were
flying peacefully in the air over a beautiful lake. Unfortunately, the
lake happened to be in front of a rather nice looking house where soon
the echoes of battle would once again be heard. 
	“... And what exactly were you trying to do to Lord Tenchi!”
	“Perhaps you have a bad memory or something little princess! What
did it look like I was doing?”
	Tenchi looked out the door of his room at the two bickering women.
<And I thought they were finally giving this fighting up.> Tenchi had
dropped off his stuff in his room after returning from working at the
shrine and was about to head over to the training ground for his daily
routines when Ryoko had appeared out of nowhere, wanting to thank him
for his help the previous day taking care of Mayuka. Of course, her idea
of “thanks” involved an extremely affectionate embrace. He could’ve
sworn it was less then ten seconds later when Aeka had appeared to put
an end to that.  
	“You vile creature! Haven’t you realized yet that your attempts to
defile Lord Tenchi will never succeed? He is too good for someone like 
yourself!” Right on cue, Aeka fired the first shot.
	“Oh and I suppose he’s interested in a stuck up, cold blooded, 
spoiled brat who doesn’t have the goods to show off!” Ryoko shot back.
	“Just because I don’t fly around naked like a little hussy doesn’t
mean I don’t...” Aeka responded, stopping all of a sudden embarrassed
about where the conversation was heading.
	“What’s the matter your highness? Don’t tell me that you’re trying
to hide your hormones again.”
	“Mi...Mi...Miss Ryoko I am *not* a woman of loose morals!”
	“Uh huh, I bet,” Ryoko said as she suddenly turned her head, 
resting it on her cheek, and began to speak, mocking Aeka's proud tone 
of voice. “Oh no Miss Ryoko, I never feel any sexual desires whatsoever!
How dare you try to drag me down to your level.”
	Tenchi looked on as Aeka’s face became a mask of fury and
annoyance. Before she could explode though, her more regal side got the
best of her and she resorted back to a more dignified approach as she 
turned her head to the side and retorted, “It still amazes me that Lord 
Tenchi was kind enough to allow a monster like yourself to remain in his 
house.” 
	This wasn’t going to be pretty. Tenchi had to get out of here. He
was sweating enough to fill a bathtub as he searched desperately for 
some method of escape. From his hidden position he could hear the two 
girls beginning to power up for battle. He was trapped in his room 
though, and there was nowhere to hide from the upcoming destruction. He 
placed his head between his legs, put his hands together, and prayed to 
several dozen gods in about ten religions to save him from the two alien 
women about to duke it out. 
	However, there was no explosion. He raised his head slowly, 
listening for some sound of combat, but he could hear nothing. Tenchi 
rose to his feet nervously, slowly opened the door an inch, and looked 
outside.
	“Once again the number one scientific genius in the universe has 
saved the man she loves!” exclaimed the redheaded scientist as she 
jumped up and hugged Tenchi, shaking him around like a rag doll. “My 
poor Tenchi was in danger from those two bickering little girls. They 
should learn to make up and play nice or they won’t get a chance to go 
out for recess.” Washu looked into Tenchi’s face and winked. 
	Tenchi slowly moved his head to the side of the spiky redhead’s 
huge mane. There, in front of him, were the two girls encased in two 
separate force fields being formed by some contraption of Washu’s. He 
suddenly began to sweat again. Tenchi didn’t even want to imagine how 
loud they were screaming, but luckily the fields appeared to be sound 
proof. “Um... Little Washu don’t you think that... um... this isn’t such
a good idea.”
	"Oh?  And why is that Tenchi dearest, beloved, my one true and 
only love?"  She looked at him with a puzzled expression and batted her 
green eyes coquettishly.
	"Before, just this floor of the house was in danger.  Now we'll
all be lucky to make it through lunch in one piece!"
	Washu looked at the two and began to think about Tenchi’s comment.
“You just may be right about that one.” Materializing her holo-computer 
and typing a few keys, Washu spoke, “now you two didn’t take your little 
time out seriously, so you’re going to have to cool down for a couple of 
hours.” With that thought, she pressed a key and the hotheaded females 
were cooled down as they were encased in two thick blocks of ice. 
	"Well that should hold them over for a few hours," Washu 
exclaimed proudly. Tenchi lowered his head, feeling a bit of relief 
for the moment, but fearing what the girls would be like when they 
were thawed out. The images of Ryoko’s and Aeka’s energy blasts slowly 
destroying the house as they tried to hunt down Washu  for 
interrupting their feud were playing out in his mind. 
	“Washu please at least release the girls somewhere other then 
in the house,” Tenchi pleaded.
	“Tenchi, it’s me here! Why are you so worried?”
	Tenchi looked at her and with a very sarcastic tone replied “I 
have absolutely no idea whatsoever.”
	“Well ok then!” Washu replied. Now, I have something I want to 
talk to you about.”
	Looking a bit worried, Tenchi grit his teeth and asked, “And 
that is?”
	“Well…” Washu started. “You see… Ryoko and I… have had our 
differences in the past…” Tenchi had a hard time containing his 
laughter. Despite the fact they were mother and daughter, it seemed 
like they couldn’t be in the same room without a war erupting. “It’s 
so sad!” Washu cried out. “My poor Ryoko has been  hurt so much. Do 
you know she stays up late nights *crying*?” Grabbing Tenchi by the 
collar, she pressed her head into his chest and started to wail. 
“It’s so sad!” 
	Tenchi looked down at Washu unsure of what to do. “Well… um… 
Little Washu I wasn’t aware of that…”
	Turning her head to the side and resting it on her arm now, 
she continued. “And I want to help her… but for some strange reason 
she seems to not like me!”
	Rolling his eyes, Tenchi replied in a heavy sarcastic tone, 
“I have no idea how she could hate you…”
	“So you do understand!” Washu said as she hugged Tenchi. “Well… 
despite her seeming intolerance to me, I actually would like to be 
able to speak to my own daughter, and thus I am making a peace 
offering.”
	Looking perplexed, Tenchi inquired, “And what would that be?”
	“Well… it just happens that Ryoko’s birthday is coming up…”
	“Ryoko’s birthday?” Tenchi asked surprised. “I didn’t even think 
she had one…”
	Grabbing him by the shirt, Washu picked him up in the air. 
“DESPITE THE FACT THAT SHE WAS BORN IN A LAB, IT DOES NOT MEAN THAT 
SHE CAN NOT HAVE A BIRTHDAY! DO YOU UNDERSTAND THIS?!” Washu screamed 
in Tenchi’s face.
	“I understand! I understand!” Tenchi responded in fear.
	Dropping him, Washu coughed and smiled again. “Well ok then! 
Anyways…” she started to speak again as she suddenly became much more 
melancholy. “Tenchi… I really want this to work out. I would like to 
actually know my daughter.” Her tone was so much more serious then 
before. Tenchi wondered if she was actually being serious about this. 
“Will you help me Tenchi?” she asked with pleading eyes. 
	Pondering her request for a moment, Tenchi sighed and put on a 
smile. “Of course I’ll help you, Little Washu.” 
	Washu’s face suddenly changed from the very serious look she 
had before into one of complete happiness. “Thank you Tenchi!” Washu 
grabbed Tenchi and began hugging him. In fact, she was hugging him 
so tight Tenchi was having a great deal of difficulty breathing. 
“Little... Washu... can’t... bweathe....” the out of breath boy 
attempted to mutter out.
	Washu released him and before Tenchi could speak again, ran down 
her request. Washu began to type on her holo-computer and the 
dimensional gateway to her lab opened and began to shoot out various 
items in Tenchi’s direction. “Here are the plans for the day, money, 
tickets to the movies, a schedule, clothing, flowers, chocolates....” 
Tenchi lay on the floor attempting to regain his breath as Washu sent 
him the items. Actually it was more like burying him as Tenchi now 
was covered in the various items Washu was flinging out at him.
	Tenchi looked up weakly at Washu and inquired to her, “Um... 
Little Washu... what exactly is it that you are expecting me to do 
with all this?” As Tenchi was saying this, beads of sweat began to 
form on the back of his head.
	“Well they’re for your date with Ryoko of course! Let’s see 
that’s about... no wait I forgot you’ll need...” Washu continued. 
Tenchi had suddenly turned absolutely white and began muttering to 
himself. “A d...d...d...d...d...date?” Unfortunately, Tenchi didn’t 
even realize Washu wasn’t noticing how he looked, or more like she was 
intentionally not paying any attention to the expression on his face. 
	“Well that should do it. Now you treat my little Ryoko like the 
lady she is and show her a good time. Thanks a bunch Tenchi! Don’t 
forget to pick her up a gift also.” Washu began to walk away as Tenchi 
continued to look around trying to figure out what to say.
	“Wait Little....” Tenchi attempted to finally tell Washu that 
this was out of the question, but as he looked around he saw Washu 
had already left. What had he gotten himself into?


	Ryoko held Mayuka in her arms, cradling the small baby, allowing 
her to drink from the bottle in her hand. Under her breath, she swore 
at Washu for today's earlier events, although at least she had 
prevented a fight between her and Aeka that could never have helped 
her out with trying to get Tenchi. Thinking back on it, the fights 
were becoming a rare occasion around the house, although if they ever 
got an opportunity outside with nobody around it wouldn't take more 
then a few seconds to start one of their classic brawls up. She began 
to wonder if she was going soft.
	Mayuka continued to drink from the bottle as Ryoko looked on. 
Adjusting to the role as the baby's caretaker had been quite an 
interesting experience. When she had volunteered last year to be 
Mayuka's "personal trainer," Ryoko did not know a year later she'd be 
almost her full time mother. It just didn't seem to fit her style with 
such a role. Although she had to admit it was a lot of fun and didn't 
in general mind the work in comparison to the normal jobs most of the 
others fielded. <Me a mother.> Ryoko laughed at herself again when 
she thought about the idea. Well of course she wasn't the only one in 
the house to take care of her, but it was she that Mayuka called 
"mama" ever since she spoke her first words several months ago. That 
had been quite a huge event in her life. 
	<So much for Washu staying out of things like she promised,> 
Ryoko thought to herself. It wasn't a big deal, although she was a 
bit worried about Washu going back on her promise. At least she had 
held her end of the bet for the past few months. Actually, Ryoko had 
to admit that she was amazed at how well Washu had behaved and was 
almost feeling a bit guilty for how things turned out in the end. 
< Don't sweat too much over it. It's not like she'd act any better 
if you back out on the deal. >
	Just then, Ryoko looked down to see Mayuka start coughing. She 
took the bottle out of her mouth and let her regain her breath. "Sorry, 
I guess I wasn't paying attention," she told the baby, putting a smile 
on her face. Mayuka finally stopped coughing. Unfortunately, she 
didn't stop with that and proceeded to spit up on Ryoko's shirt. The 
baby started to giggle as Ryoko's smile turned to a frown. "Thanks I 
really appreciate that," she said carrying the baby over to the crib 
and putting her down. 
	Unfortunately, this was one of the few pieces of clothing she 
had that she simply couldn't rematerialize, being a present from Sasami 
last year for Christmas. She started to take off the red silk blouse...


	Tenchi walked up the stairs towards Mayuka's room, figuring 
that that was where Ryoko would be at the moment. He didn't know what 
he couldn't believe more: that he once again fell for one of Washu's 
acts or that he was actually going to go through with this.  <Tenchi 
what the hell are you thinking.> Refusing Washu's request was an 
option. It wasn't like he had to do this. Still, it wouldn't be the 
worst thing in the world to go out for a day on the town and if this 
was as important an event for Washu as she made it sound, he didn't 
mind playing his own role in things, as long as it somehow didn't end 
up with the need to rebuild the house. There was no telling what 
would happen either when Aeka found out. The only hope he had of 
pulling this off would be to somehow keep this whole thing simple 
and a secret from Aeka if possible. 
	<That's all it is, just a day on the town. In no way is this 
a date.> Now the only hard part would be convincing Ryoko of that same 
thing. Stopping in front of the door to the baby's room, he took a 
deep breath and collected himself before opening the door. Upon 
opening the door, he was greeted by the sight of a half naked Ryoko 
standing only five feet from him. He blinked and promptly collapsed.


	Tenchi finally felt himself starting to come around. He began 
to fight his way through the blurriness in his vision, where his eyes 
set upon Ryoko standing directly above him. She appeared to be just 
finishing putting on a new shirt. Reaching down, she gave him a great 
big hug. 
	"Oh my Tenchi you're finally awake again! I was afraid you'd 
be asleep forever after what happened!" Ryoko proclaimed energetically.
"What happened...”? Tenchi began to mutter as he finally realized the 
situation he was in. Looking to the left, he saw his discarded kimono 
lying on the floor.  <Oh no what did she do!> he began to think 
frantically. Looking down, he noticed that his pants were undone. 
"What the hell did you do Ryoko?!" he demanded.
	"I just borrowed your sword, Tenchi," she replied with a 
mischievous grin
	"Borrowed my what?!" he asked with a hint of annoyance growing 
in his voice.
	"Oh you know. I wanted to see how good your techniques are."
	"Techniques?!"
	"Yeah you know. That thing is a loaded weapon. Got to be careful 
or it gets set off too easily."
	<There is no innuendo. It didn't happen,> Tenchi kept telling 
himself.
	"You really have to learn to handle it better," Ryoko continued.
	"Handle it better?" he asked nervously.
	"Oh you know you're very sloppy handling that thing. Too many 
parries when you should be using long and fast thrusts. Although it 
did set off quite an explosion for a climax!"
	Tenchi proceeded to pass out again.


	Once again, Tenchi started to come around to a similar image 
that he came around to the previous time. "Oh Tenchi, you performed 
so much better that time! I can see you're improving with your sword 
handling!" Ryoko cried out excitedly.
	"Ryoko, would you please stop," Tenchi finally said. 
Ryoko proceeded to burst out laughing. "Oh come on Tenchi, can't you 
take a joke."
	Tenchi gave her a bit of a cold stare. "Real funny. What the 
heck were you doing with your top off in here anyways?" Tenchi asked 
as he began to stand up and fix up his pants. 
	"Well... little Mayuka had herself a little accident and spit 
up on my clothes."
	While picking up his shirt, Tenchi shot her another look. "And 
you didn't have any of this planned out."
	"Oh come on, Tenchi. You’re hurting me. I don’t think I’d ever 
play with your equipment without the teacher’s permission, do you?"
	"No, I have no idea what would give me an idea like that," Tenchi 
said with a bit of sarcasm as he put his shirt back on.
	"Tennnnnnnnn-chiiiiiiiiiii," Ryoko exclaimed as she teleported 
over to where he was and glomped him. "I can't believe you'd ever 
think I would honestly take advantage of you." 
	If there was one thing Tenchi had learned to hate about being 
around Ryoko, it was her constant playing around with him. <Well... 
it’s a good opportunity,> he thought to himself. An idea sprung to 
life in his head. "And here I was coming to ask you to go out for a 
day on the town with me, but now I'm worried you're going to knock me 
out and "unsheathe my sword,"" he said with a grin on his face.
	Ryoko's face lit up like a Christmas tree. "You were going to 
ask me out on a *date*?!" she asked excitedly.
	Walking over to the crib and picking up his daughter, he smiled 
at Mayuka who started to giggle. "No not a date, but I was going to 
ask you to come with me. You know just you and I. Together for an 
entire day without interference from anyone," he said as he was really 
enjoying the look on Ryoko's face at the moment.
	"Oh of course..." Ryoko began.
	"I said I was going to," Tenchi continued. "However, I just 
can't seem to trust you alone with me, so I don't think I'll be able 
to anymore."
	"But Tenchi!" Ryoko cried with a pleading look on her face. 
	Tenchi walked over to Ryoko and placed Mayuka in her arms as she 
continued to give her pleading stare. "It's just so hard of me to 
believe I could trust you. And here I was thinking to myself "you know 
Tenchi, Ryoko's been working so hard lately she probably could use a 
nice day out to show your thanks," but you had to go and do this." 
	"Tenchi I'm so sorry!" Ryoko cried out.
	Pausing in his walk, Tenchi turned his head to look at Ryoko as 
he still had the sly grin on his face. "You really mean it?"
	Ryoko ran up to Tenchi, still holding Mayuka in her arms. "Yes 
Tenchi! Please give me another chance!"
	Smiling, Tenchi decided he had enough fun with her. "Ok, I guess 
I can forgive you."
	"Oh thank you Tenchi!" Ryoko said as she tossed Mayuka up in 
the air over her arms, sending her across the room as she glomped 
Tenchi. The small child began to giggle hysterically as she went 
through her trip in the air. Tenchi's face turned absolutely white as 
he was waiting for the sound of his child to splat against the ground. 
Freeing his head from the loving embrace of Ryoko, he was able to look 
to the side and saw Ryoko's shadow had caught her and was now rocking 
her back and forth in her arms as the baby giggled. He breathed a sigh 
of relief. 


	Aeka was in a really bad mood at the moment. <Damn that Washu!> 
She thought to herself. Not only had she spent the last few hours 
locked up inside her lab as an ice cube, but then when Washu finally 
let her go she apparently decided she wanted to use Aeka for some test 
on Jurai power. Somehow she had managed to get out of there unscathed, 
but she was reminded of why Tenchi and Ryoko always cringed at mention 
of the lab.
	Walking into the onsen, Aeka decided a good soak would probably 
help her calm down. She stripped down out of her clothing and wrapped 
a towel around her before heading towards her usual spot in the baths. 
Moving into the water, she noticed that the floating tray was already 
present along with several flasks of sake and sipping dishes. Without 
a second thought, she gathered that Ryoko must've already brought them 
up and would be heading towards the bath very soon. <Right about now 
I could use a good drink> she decided and moved her way towards the 
tray. 


	Flying towards the onsen, Ryoko was at an all time high at the 
moment. Sure, Tenchi had rambled on forever about how it wasn't really 
a date, but that didn't mean it still wasn't something to celebrate 
over. <An entire day alone with Tenchi. Oh this is going to be 
perfect.> She proceeded to teleport into the onsen, where she noticed 
that Aeka was already in one of the baths off to the side.
	"Miss Ryoko would you care to join me," the princess yelled out 
from where she was sitting. She already had the floating tray sitting 
nearby and had started on the sake Ryoko had brought up a few minutes 
ago. Ryoko teleported out of her clothes and landed next to Aeka in 
the bath. "Ryoko... I was meaning to tell you I was sorry for today's 
earlier events."
	“Um… well it was no big deal,” Ryoko replied as she helped 
herself to some sake.
	“I… I know we’ve been trying to keep the fighting out of the 
house. It was my mistake,” Aeka said as she bowed her head.
	Ryoko looked at her. She wanted nothing more then to shout 
triumphantly at her rival that she had scored the first big victory 
in their long running competition to win Tenchi’s heart. The more 
mischievous side of her just wanted to let the princess know that the 
“evil demon” had beaten out the high and mighty noble. Of course, 
that was only half of her. 
	“But you still shouldn’t have done that!” the princess said 
regaining a bit of her dignity. 
	<Don’t say a word…> Ryoko thought to herself. <Don't say a 
word...> Ryoko thought to herself.  <She's just being Aeka...>
	“You know that Lord Tenchi does not like to be attacked all the 
time by his overindulgent house guest!”
	<Calm down…> the cyan-haired woman thought to herself as she 
felt a bit of rage forming. <You do anything rash, Tenchi cancels the 
date, and then you’ll never hear the end of it.> “I’m… I’m going to go 
now,” Ryoko said as she started to get out of the bath.
	“Oh come now, Ryoko! We’ve still got…” Aeka said as she looked 
at the empty bottles of sake. “We’ve still got… eight bottles to go…” 
Aeka started to laugh.
	“Um… no thanks… just not in the drinking mood right now…” Ryoko 
said as she made a sudden dash to the exit, noting there were really 
only six bottles of sake originally and Aeka had already downed two 
of them. 
	“More for me then!” Aeka said with a bit of glee. “Later, Miss 
Ryoko.” As Ryoko made her way out of the onsen, she could hear Aeka 
starting to sing Juraian opera, which did not sound very good at all 
given her current drunken state. 


	Washu exited the kitchen, carrying a bowl of ice cream as she 
was heading into her lab. It had appeared as if everything was working 
out good so far. Ryoko would be in an absolutely great mood after this 
and with the party thrown in it was even possible she might give her 
a second chance at things. Just as she was about to walk into the lab, 
she caught Ryoko turning the corner after coming down the stairs, 
staring directly at her. <Well... if you're going to try anything now 
is as good a time as any,> she thought to herself. 
	"Um... Ryoko can I speak with you for a minute?" Washu asked 
politely. Ryoko seemed to just ignore her and try to pass by without 
having to reply. She looked like she was still in her good mood, 
although Washu wondered if something had spoiled it a bit. "Ryoko," 
she repeated.
	Stopping in her flight towards the kitchen, Ryoko turned to 
Washu. "What the hell do you want? I thought..." she tried to say 
before her mother interrupted.
	"Yes I know. I'm supposed to stay away from you, but... well... 
Tenchi told me about your date..."
	"Oh he did, did he?" Ryoko asked with a bit of annoyance in her 
voice
	"Mmm hmmm. He wanted a few things for the day and of course came 
to yours truly," Washu replied.
	"And your point to all of this is?" Ryoko inquired beginning to 
get really agitated. 
	"Well... you know, Ryoko. I was thinking... maybe I could um..."
	"Would you spit it out already!" the cyan haired woman growled. 
	"I was thinking maybe I could help you out," Washu said 
nervously.  
	Ryoko began to laugh. "And why do you think I need any help on 
a date with Tenchi? Don't think I can take care of myself." 
	Washu bit her lip as she didn't want to bite back at her about 
how most likely she'd manage to reply with the obvious  “of course 
not.” It wasn't that she thought Ryoko would intentionally blow it, 
but she just foresaw the little trip lasting about three whole minutes 
before Tenchi ran home screaming. "Well... Ryoko dear you have never 
exactly been on a date before now have you?" she replied.
	"And what if I haven't? How hard can it be?" Ryoko spit back.
	At this moment, Washu was having the hardest time she could 
imagine not throwing an insult at her ignorant daughter. "Well it 
isn't exactly as easy as you're making it sound," she calmly replied.
	"Oh and I suppose you actually think you could help me?" Ryoko 
said in response as she folded her arms in a doubting gesture. 
	The boiling point for Washu was quickly being reached. "Ryoko 
dear, I'm twenty-thousand years old and I've certainly had my share 
of men."
	"And you're saying you don't think I can handle it by myself, 
right?" the cyan haired woman snapped back.
	"Look, Ryoko," Washu began. "If you want to stay out here and 
yell at me about how you have everything under control go ahead. You 
can run out on your opportunity of a lifetime and just pray that 
somehow it all works out from all that wonderful experience you have 
accumulated over the years with romance," she continued, throwing 
in a heavy sarcastic tone. "However, if you actually want my help you 
can come with me into my lab and you can actually listen to your 
mother for once and you might actually benefit from it," she finally 
finished. 
	Looking at Ryoko, Washu could see she was having a debate within 
her at the moment. <Damn your stubbornness. Come on Ryoko, just think 
for once in your life,> she thought to herself. Finally, Ryoko gave 
a sight and replied with a somewhat defeated tone, "fine, but don't 
think this means we're on speaking terms again."
	Smiling back at her, Washu said in a bit more confident of a 
tone then earlier, "wouldn't dream of it" before she entered the lab 
with her daughter trailing behind. 


	Typing a few keys on her keyboard, Washu watched as a hologram 
version of Tenchi appeared in the center of the room. "Ok first things 
first: show me what you're planning to do when you greet him and get 
ready to leave," she said.
	Ryoko looked as the hologram for a few seconds, then proceeded 
to jump up in the air and glomp it. "Hello Tenchi, sweetheart. I'm 
ready for our date!" she said with a great deal of enthusiasm.
	Washu facefaulted. After picking herself up, she groaned. <Whoa 
boy. This is going to take a lot of work.>


	Sitting at the desk in his room, Tenchi looked over his 
itinerary for tomorrow. At the moment, that consisted of a nearly 
blank piece of paper. <Where the heck do I take Ryoko that doesn't 
result in the need for involvement by the police...> He was absolutely 
stumped at the moment. Somehow, he had to find some way of pulling 
this off without turning it into a real date. Giving up for the moment, 
he got up from his chair and decided to go get a drink. 


	"You look absolutely beautiful," Tenchi said to Ryoko.
	"Oh, Tenchi!" Ryoko screamed as she tackled the hologram Tenchi.
	"What the hell are you doing?!" Washu screamed as she was really 
getting tired of trying to drill this into her daughter. 
	Snarling, Ryoko responded to her angry mother, "I'm trying to 
show my affections for him!"
	"What you're trying to do is get yourself arrested for sexual 
misconduct or get Tenchi to try to find the quickest way back to the 
house!," Washu responded back. 
	Turning her back towards Washu, Ryoko began to walk towards the 
door. "I don't need this, I can handle myself."
	"Now stop right there," Washu said. This caused Ryoko to stop 
where she was, but she didn't turn around to face the red headed 
scientist. "Look Ryoko, you've got an entire day alone with Tenchi. 
Now ask yourself, has your flirting and "affections" ever gotten you 
anywhere with Tenchi before?" When she offered no reply, Washu 
continued. "Exactly. Now, there's no reason for you to have to hang 
all over him every second on this date. Aeka isn't there to stand in 
your way. If you could actually calm down around him, he might 
actually be able to relax enough around you to perhaps enjoy himself. 
And if he enjoys himself, he might even learn to *like* spending time 
with you."
	Giving a bit of a snarl in reply, Ryoko hung her head, but still 
refused to move. <Too much foolish pride,> Washu thought to herself. 
"Ok, now if you realize that I'm right, and I think you do, you'll 
get over here and start paying attention," she finished with a more 
cheery tone of voice then before. Turning around finally, the woman 
started trudging her way back towards the practice area. <Well at 
least she inherited some of my intellect,> Washu thought. 


	Taking a sip of his soda, Tenchi looked down at the list again, 
and realized he still had no idea as to what he was doing. Never 
really getting involved in any romances in high school, he just didn't 
have any experience at what to do. He certainly didn't want to find 
out Washu's idea of what a good date would be like, having an idea of 
it from the earlier mess today.  <I could ask Kiyone... > he began to 
think as he heard someone from behind him approaching.
	"Tenchi, is there something troubling you," Noboyuki said as he 
walked into the kitchen and moving towards the fridge.
	<No... ask anybody *but* him... please!> Tenchi knew that his 
father had... experience in this area, but he was rather leery about 
asking him about it. Still, he was not getting anywhere at this rate, 
and his father was as good an option as any. "Um... Dad... well you 
see...." he started to speak with an intense amount of nervousness 
showing.
	"Well what is it, Tenchi?" Noboyuki spoke as he eyed his son. 	
"You act like you just slept with one of the girls and you're worried 
the others will find out."
	"I didn't sleep with any of them!" Tenchi shouted.
	"Getting rather defensive aren't we?" Noboyuki said with a 
smile. Tenchi knew his father was rather fond of teasing him about 
his "women troubles."
	"Well... um..." the boy attempted to speak again.
	"Now this definitely concerns the girls!" his father exclaimed 
as his smile widened. "Tell me I'm right."
	Turning his head to the side, he let out with a defeated sigh, 
"Yes."
	"Spit it out!"
	"Well... you see... I have to take Ryoko out tomorrow...."
	"You're taking Ryoko on a date?!" Noboyuki exclaimed with a 
triumphant cry. "Oh my wife in heaven! He's finally coming around!"
	"Would you quiet down!" Tenchi shouted as he put a hand over his 
father's mouth. "If the others find out...."
	"I'm sorry." Taking a sip of his soda, Noboyuki finally asked, 
"so what seems to be the problem?"
	"Um...." Tenchi began to speak as he scratched the back of his 
head. "I was upstairs making an itinerary..."
	"You were making ^what^?!" Noboyuki exclaimed in horror as he 
saw the piece of paper in his son's hand. "Give me that." Taking the 
paper from his son, he proceeded to tear it up and toss it in the 
garbage.” Are you some kind of geek? Did I not raise you properly?! 
Oh the shame...."
	"What the hell did I do wrong?!" the boy shouted back at his 
father.
	"What did you do wrong?! Son...." he began to speak. "You see... 
you don't make an itinerary when bringing someone on a date..."
	"It's not a date!" Tenchi shouted back for emphasis, but quickly 
clamped his hands over his mouth when he realized one of the girls 
might hear him.
	"Anyways," the man started to continue. "My advice is this: wine 
is a man's best friend, make sure she drinks a lot of it. If it starts 
to rain..." he spoke as he reached into his pocket. "... Here's some 
money for a hotel. And make sure to emphasize you need to get your wet 
clothes off," he said with a wink.
	<I should've known,> Tenchi thought to himself.
	"And finally," Noboyuki began to finish up as he walked towards 
the door. "... Just think about what she'd probably like to do and go 
from there. I'm sure Ryoko is happy enough just to be with you, so 
enjoy yourself. And if it isn't a date like you claim, she's probably 
not expecting much anyways."
	A bit taken aback by what actually had been good advice, Tenchi 
smiled a bit. "Thanks, dad." 
	"Oh! I almost forgot." Noboyuki turned around and headed back 
towards Tenchi. Opening his wallet, he took out something and handed 
it to Tenchi. "I assume you know how to use one of these," he said as 
he handed a condom to Tenchi.
	"Dad!"
	"Well, it never hurts to have protection." With that, Noboyuki 
exited the kitchen.  


	"Ok let's try this scenario out now," Ryoko could hear Washu say 
as she typed away on her keyboard. A new set of scenery appeared, as 
she found herself standing in a different neighborhood from before. 
<Ugh I hate this,> Ryoko thought to herself. All alone with her Tenchi 
and now she was practically supposed to not make any moves on him 
whatsoever. They had been going at this for the last two hours, and 
according to Washu she had already improved quite a bit. <Some 
improvement.>
	Standing beside her as they walked down the street, Tenchi and 
her were supposedly walking towards the movie theatre. So far, Washu 
had been putting up random situations she wouldn't tell her about 
beforehand to see how Ryoko would react. So far, it had been going 
fairly well. 
	Walking down the street, Ryoko eyed what was an absolutely 
beautiful sight. She has seen these buildings in Noboyuki's mangas 
and on TV before. If what they said these were was right...
	"Tenchi I want to go in there!" Ryoko said excitedly to a dazed 
Tenchi, who was beginning to get extremely nervous. 
	"Ry... Ry... Ryoko do you know what... that is?!" Tenchi asked, 
looking like a scared animal.
	Putting on a mischievous grin and blinking, Ryoko quickly shifted 
into her "naive girl" mode. "Oh no  Tenchi!  Tell me what it is!"
	"That's... that's..." Tenchi tried to say as he was shaking 
uncontrollably. "Well... we call them "love hotels,"" he finally spit 
out. 
	"Really?!" Ryoko asked with a giddy tone of voice. "Ooo I want 
to go inside! It sounds so romantic!" she finished as she was looking 
at Tenchi like a kid in front of a candy shop. 
	"But... but... Ryoko do you know what... people do in there?"
	Continuing to play dumb, Ryoko put on a questioning look, "No, 
Tenchi. What do people do in there?"
	"Well..." Tenchi started to say nervously. "Um...uh... that's 
where couples go to um... consummate their love for each other." 
	"Oh Tenchi!" Ryoko screamed as she glomped him. "You want to 
make love to me in there!"
	Tenchi facefaulted. "No I don't want to make love to you in 
there!" However, it was far too late for him.
	"Oh Tenchi, I'm so happy you want to express your love for me!" 
she exclaimed as she started to drag Tenchi towards the building. 
	"No!" Tenchi started to scream. "Ryoko stop it!"
	"Oh this is going to be...." Ryoko started as she started to hear 
the sound of something banging up against something else. Looking over 
towards the source of the noise, she found Washu hitting her head 
against her keyboard. "Is something wrong, Washu?"
	Washu looked up from the keyboard towards her daughter, her 
face showing a great deal of pain. "Just... just let's start this one 
over Ryoko."


	<I swear if I ever get past this I will hurt Washu so much,> 
Ryoko thought to herself. Somehow, she had managed to get past all 
the challenges Washu had thrown up for the last hour and was quickly 
reaching the last challenge her mother could throw at her. 
	"I had a lot of fun today, Ryoko," Tenchi said as they walked 
along the path towards the house.
	"Really?" Ryoko asked with a sparkle in her eyes.
	"I really did. And... you know Ryoko, I actually wouldn't mind 
going out again with you."
	Nearly glomping him, Ryoko prevented herself from doing it and 
bit her lip. "Thanks." Washu giggled to herself at seeing the reaction 
on her daughter's face. 
	"You know Ryoko... I... I don't really know how to say this," 
Tenchi continued. 
	< Say it Tenchi....> Ryoko began to think to herself
	"Well... you see...."
	<Oh please be it!>
	"Um... you see... I sort of left one of the shopping bags on the 
train."
	Ryoko facefaulted. "What the hell was that?!" she screamed at 
the redheaded scientist.
	"Ryoko dear, you didn't actually expect him to confess his love 
to you on the first date did you?" Washu asked.
	"And why not?" Ryoko shot back.
	"Exactly who do you think you're dating?"
	Stopping for a moment to think Ryoko started scratching the back 
of her head. "I don't see the point you're trying to make."
	Washu started to sweat. "Are you sure you're my daughter?"


	"Well, you're still not perfect, but you're doing much better 
then when you came in here earlier," Washu said as she looked at the 
results of Ryoko's performance. It was true, she still was not as 
ready as Washu had hoped, but she certainly had a much better chance 
of getting somewhere with Tenchi then when they had started earlier 
in the day. 
	"Thanks, I think," Ryoko replied. After materializing back into 
a more comfortable set of clothing, she started to fly towards the 
door.
	"Oh, so now that I've helped you, you're trying to sneak out of 
here before you have to talk to your poor ol' mother any longer eh?"
	Stopping in her flight, she said in a somewhat saddened tone, 
"Why? What is there to talk about?"
	"Ryoko..." Washu began to speak. <I've got only one shot at 
this. Don't say something stupid.> "Um... well I thought... you know 
we were getting along today weren't we?"
	Turning around suddenly, Ryoko snapped at Washu, "And what's your 
point?" 
	Washu's face was filled with seriousness and sadness. "Ryoko, 
I've... made mistakes in the past. One of the worst ones  I made was 
agreeing to that stupid bet," she said as she looked away from her 
daughter. "The last few months... all I could think of is how I wished 
things had turned out differently." Inside of her, Washu could feel 
tears almost forming at her eyes. It wasn't the same melodramatic act 
she pulled on Tenchi earlier, this was real. "I... I thought maybe 
that I proved to you today I could change."
	Standing there in silence with her arms crossed, Ryoko's face 
was a mixture of emotions, nearly impossible to read. Washu wasn't 
sure whether Ryoko was seriously paying attention to her words or 
just taken back that she was acting like this. 
	"Ryoko... I think you can see I'm being serious. I..." Washu 
continued as she choked back tears. "I... want you to please consider 
lifting the bet and giving me another chance."
	All Washu could do now was wait for Ryoko's response. 
	"I've got a date to worry about right now," she said as she 
continued to move towards the door. Washu's heart stopped. <Come on 
Ryoko, please don't turn me away!> "But..." she continued. "When I 
get back, I just might be in a good enough mood to consider it," the 
cyan haired woman finished as she flashed Washu a slight grin before 
finally exiting the lab. 
	Sitting back in her chair and finally being able to breathe 
again, Washu smiled. It seemed like she was finally going to awaken 
from the nightmare of the last few months. Sitting up again, she 
stared at her computer screen and began typing.  After a few moments, 
she suddenly stopped. For some reason she just didn't feel in the mood. 
Looking over to the side, she saw the ice cream she had brought with 
her a few hours ago had melted. "Guess in all the excitement I forgot 
about it," she said to herself. 
	Pressing a few keys on her keyboard, she brought up a new image 
on the screen. Smiling at the image, a few tears came to Washu 
finally. "I'm sorry I didn't do anything sooner Ryoko." She stared 
at the image of Ryoko, almost laughing at the same time at the ironic 
choice of pictures. It was one of the few she could find: the image 
from her now deleted galaxy police file. <For five thousand years I 
dreamed of getting the chance to see her again. And what did I do 
when I got the chance?> The memories of the event that had started 
this nightmare started to come back to her. At the time, it seemed 
like a wager she couldn't lose...


	"Just what the hell do you think you're doing?!" Washu asked 
with contempt as she entered Mayuka's room. Her faced was filled with 
rage, her eyes sending daggers towards her target who just happened to 
be a certain daughter of hers. 
	"Shhh would you quiet down, you're going to upset the baby," 
Ryoko shot back, as she held little Mayuka in her arms, rocking her 
back and forth. 
	"Mihoshi and Kiyone both tell me you talked them into giving up 
their duties with Mayuka," Washu snapped. 
	Ryoko moved over to the crib and placed the baby in it before 
she replied to her mother. "And what if I did? What business is it of 
yours?"
	"What business?! Look maybe you think it's no big deal to do 
something like this, but..." the petite scientist started to say 
before Ryoko threw her a furious look.
	"And what the hell are you suggesting?"
	"Oh like you don't know little Ryoko," the furious woman replied. 
"You're trying to get closer to Mayuka so it'll help you with Tenchi." 
	"What?!" Ryoko snapped back.
	"Oh come on Ryoko. What other reason would you have to want to 
do this?"
	"I don't suppose you even considered that I might actually want 
to take care of Mayuka because I like it," Ryoko said as she crossed 
her arms. 
	"Sure, Ryoko. That's right suddenly you love to do work and not 
just lounge around all day," Washu continued. "I can't believe you! 
Taking care of a baby is a huge responsibility and you're just 
using..." 
	"Stop right there!" Ryoko started. "Don't you *dare* suggest 
that!"
	"I'm suggesting it," Washu said as she pointed a finger at 
Ryoko. "You're using this poor kid here in some sick game of yours. 
Have you absolutely no shame? Jeez I know Kagato..."
	Without warning, Ryoko slapped Washu right across the face. 
"I've had enough of you. I..." Ryoko tried to say as she turned around, 
her whole body shaking in rage. "Get the hell out of here." 
	Washu stepped back for a moment, a bit shocked by Ryoko's move. 
<Hmph. I know that little brat is always disrespectful, but she has 
some nerve striking me,> she thought to herself. Continuing in a more 
serious tone of voice, "Not until I make sure Mayuka..."
	"I'm not going to stop taking care of her," she replied before 
Washu could finish. 
	"And I'm not expecting you to!" the redhead shot back. "I'm 
expecting you to adhere to the schedule we agreed to on sharing time 
in taking care of her!"
	"Nobody forced Mihoshi and Kiyone to give up their time," Ryoko 
replied, starting to speak in a more serious tone of voice. "You seem 
to be the only one with a problem with it." 
	"I guess I'm the only one concerned with the Mayuka's well-being 
then."
	"Enough!" Ryoko finally snapped. "I've had more then enough of 
this "mom." It's bad enough having to put up with you all the time, 
...now you're trying to interfere with my life?! My decisions?!"
	"I'm trying to make sure you don't do something stupid! After 
all a mother does have to clean up after her delinquent daughter 
doesn't she?"
	"What right do you think you have to suddenly act like a mother 
with me?" Washu turned away in shock. Her face became a giant 
expression of anguish and pain. If she had spent another thousand 
years on the Soja it would not have been as bad as the words her 
daughter had just spoken.  
	"Take that back," Washu said in the most serious tone of voice 
she had ever spoken to Ryoko in.
	"And why should I?" Ryoko quickly responded. "You know what I 
think? I think you're scared of this."
	"What?" Washu said with a mixed tone of anger and surprise. 
	"That's right. You're frightened your little "delinquent" is 
going to actually show you she can be a good mother. That someone other 
then the "greatest scientific genius in the universe" can actually 
take care of a child."
	"Why the hell would I be frightened of that?!" the petite woman 
spat back with a mixed amount of amusement and hatred. "You can't 
even take care of yourself, never mind a child."
	"And what the hell does that mean?!" 
	Finally as expected, the wails of baby Mayuka started to be 
heard from her crib. Walking over to it and picking her up, Ryoko 
started to rock the baby back and forth. Washu watched in amazement. 
<She couldn't actually know what she's doing?> she thought to herself. 
	"So what do you plan to do about this?" Ryoko finally said 
quietly.
	"I'm going to make sure that you don't use that child as a 
method of getting to Tenchi and that she actually gets taken care of 
properly," Washu calmly replied.
	"I won't let you," she began. "You don't control me "mom." Last 
time I checked this child happens to be Tenchi's, and unless he tells 
me to stop taking care of Mayuka I won't." 
	"I can stop you if I want to," Washu spat back. 
	"Oh so should I start calling you Kagato now?" 
	Washu furiously approached her daughter and came within inches 
of striking her before remembering she was holding the baby. "How 
*dare* you call me *that*."
	"I've had it with you," Ryoko said as she turned away from her 
mother. "I'm tired of you interfering in my life. I..." Ryoko started 
to say, choking back tears. "I want you out of my life."
	Taking a few steps back, Washu was in shock of her statement. 
<She can't mean that...>  "You can't be serious."
	"Oh I'm damn serious," the cyan-haired woman fumed. "I'm sick 
of you. You somehow think that you have the right to control me and 
my life!"
	"Ryoko wait..." Washu started to say.
	"No I've had enough!" Placing Mayuka back in the crib, Ryoko 
once again turned away from her mother and thought for a moment. The 
silence filled the room as the two angry females waited for the next 
move. An idea sprung to the mind of one of them.
	"You want me out of your life and I want you to stop using 
Mayuka like this, right?" Washu asked. Ryoko slowly nodded her head, 
refusing to look at her mother. "Well alright then. I think I have a 
solution."


	Gazing at the picture on her computer, Washu cursed herself 
over what she had done next. She had been so sure of herself at the 
time. How could she lose? <I thought by making her play my own game 
I couldn't lose…> Finally, the tears couldn't be held back any longer. 
<I was so stupid! I lost my own daughter on a *bet*!>
	The "solution" that was reached was just that: a bet. A bet 
she placed over Mayuka. Ryoko surrendered Kiyone's duties over to 
Washu to even up the time, and the two women were to battle over 
something simple: whoever Mayuka decided was her mother first would 
win...


	Washu couldn’t help bug laugh as she watch Ryoko rushing between 
the kitchen and the living room, trying to get Mayuka’s diapers changed 
as she also tried to cook her dinner. <This is going to be even easier 
then I thought!> 
	“Fire!” Ryoko yelled out as smoke began to come out of the 
kitchen.
	Falling onto the floor in another fit of laughter, Washu could 
barely see past the tears the smoke coming out of the kitchen. 


	Ryoko, sticking her head through the ceiling of the Masaki 
living room, looked down on her mother who was tending to Mayuka. 
<She’s good…> The baby was asleep in her arms as Washu looked down on 
her. She seemed… so tranquil… so happy. Ryoko had never seen her 
mother like that before. <Eyes on the prize…> Extremely upset at 
herself, but noting it might help, she jotted down a few notes on 
her notepad about what Washu was doing. <Still so much room to 
improve…> she thought as she sighed to herself. <I’ll win… somehow… 
I can’t afford to lose…>


	Ryoko let out a bit of a groan as Mayuka started to wail again. 
Something just wasn’t settling with her tonight. “Alright… let’s try 
something else…” she said out loud. Letting out a cough, she cleared 
her throat, and then began to sing softly:
	“’I never could explain it,
	Or even try to name it,
	All I feel whenever I'm alone with you,
	But there's a certain sweetness,
	I find a true completeness,
	Deep inside that never goes away whatever we do.’”
	A pair of voices started to join in from behind as Ryoko was 
singing. A quick glance revealed it to be Mihoshi and Kiyone who 
apparently had heard her singing while passing by. They all continued, 
growing a bit in intensity:
	“’We start, we stop, we fight it but we lose,
	It's always so confusing,
	'Cause at that moment you hold and kiss me goodbye like a friend,
	Our hearts begin to pound again!’”
	Another pair of voices apparently decided to join in, as Ryoko 
heard the voices of Sasami and Aeka joining in:
	“’We're back in love,
	Although I know it's crazy!,
	Right back in love,
	Everyone cringed for a moment as the familiar voice of Noboyuki 
joined in, and as the girls had learned over the years, Noboyuki 
couldn’t carry a tune at all. Still, they continued on, gaining in 
intensity:
	My mind becomes so hazy!,
	I gambled again 'cause I feel lucky when I see,
	There in your eyes you're back in love,
	YOU CAN'T DENY YOU'RE BACK IN LOVE WITH ME!’”


	Washu peered from around the corner at the group of singers in 
Mayuka’s room. <Damn, they’re certainly having a good time aren’t 
they? Probably scaring the baby half to...> The image of Mayuka was 
not what she was expecting. She wasn’t crying, she was giggling. <I… 
I don’t understand it…> Completely confused, she tried to sort things 
out. <It’s loud… it should scaring her… hmmm.> Giving up, Washu  
turned the corner and went back towards her lab. <Must be a fluke…> 


	Sitting on the couch in the living room, Ryoko cradled Mayuka in 
her arms, trying to calm her. She had started wailing at what must’ve 
been two o’clock in the morning, and it was rather annoying. Of course, 
Ryoko didn’t actually need sleep, but she rather did enjoy it. 
	<Hard to believe it’s been a month…> Ryoko thought to herself. 
It had been a month earlier that she had made her wager with Washu. 
She had spent the last month regretting it. <Whom am I kidding? She 
has more experience with this stuff.> Washu was going to win. That’s 
what her mind kept telling her. Where she would struggle with one task, 
Washu would have three done at the same time. And unfortunately for 
her, Ryoko doubted that Mayuka could understand which woman cared for 
her more. <First thing I actually try to do in my entire life that 
doesn’t involve sticking a light sword through someone, and the old 
nag has to come and take it from me.>
	Oh, she was definitely past the point of tolerance with her 
mother. Worst of all, when she lost this bet, it would mean having to 
actually spend time with her. For some reason, it sounded actually 
worse then being stuck on Kagato’s ship. The thoughts of the night 
that she was stuck in the lab, hung up in that contraption of Washu’s 
half naked… <Damnit! Why didn’t I think this through?> If only she 
could win… Then it would be over. No more of her prodding in her mind 
when she didn’t want her mother to be there. No more trying to kidnap 
her for experiments. No more treating “Little Ryoko” like she was 
still a child…
	“Ryoko?” Turning her head, Ryoko saw Tenchi walking down the 
stairs. “What’s up?”
	“Oh, Mayuka just needed her diaper changed,” Ryoko said in a 
rather melancholy tone of voice. 
	Tenchi looked up at her perplexed. “What’s the matter?”
	“Nothing really…”
	“You know Ryoko, it’s amazing the way you’ve been acting lately,” 
Tenchi started to say, changing the subject. 
	“Really?” Ryoko inquired with a bit of cheeriness replacing her 
earlier bleak tone. 
	“Well… I don’t mean to insult you, but you’ve never really done 
much work around the house before.”
	“Oh…” Ryoko said as her head dropped down a little.
	“I’m sorry, did I insult you?” Tenchi said as he looked a bit 
worried.
	“No… I probably deserved it,” Ryoko said with a half-smile. “I 
have to admit I’m rather lazy sometimes.”
	“A lot lazy,” Tenchi said with a big grin.” Pausing for a moment, 
the room became eerily quiet. “Well… it’s just that… I wanted to um… 
say thanks for all the work you’ve been doing.”
	Taken back for a moment, Ryoko suddenly popped out of her 
depression. “Tenchi… it’s nothing really. And… and I enjoy doing this.”
	“Why?”
	“It… it’s complex…”
	“Tell me.”
	Ryoko paused for a few moments. The silence overwhelmed the room 
again. “Tenchi… I don’t want to discuss it.”
	Staring at her for a moment, Tenchi looked confused as to what 
to do next. “Ryoko, if you won’t tell me anything about what’s going 
on, how am I supposed to help?” 
	“I don’t need your help.”


	Tenchi sighed to himself. <She’s always so stubborn.> In the 
years Ryoko had been at the house, she’d always been like this. He’d 
never met someone who them self kept so bottled up before. Despite 
the fact she was constantly battling with the others to spend more 
time around him, it seemed like he knew less about her then the others. 
<Think of something to say!> “So… um… did you watch the Osaka Tigers 
game the other day?” he said as he started to sweat a little. 
	Startled a bit at first, Ryoko giggled. “Thanks for trying to 
cheer me up,” she said, clearly seeing through his façade. 
	“No, I was being serious. It was a really good game,” he said 
as he started to laugh. Ryoko followed suit and began to laugh with 
him. Apparently Mayuka picked up on the mood and started to giggle 
herself. 
	“Mama.” 
	The laughing completely ceased. Tenchi looked towards Mayuka 
in shock. Ryoko looked down at the baby with him, both completely 
puzzled. 
	“Mama,” she repeated.
	Ryoko’s face was completely stunned. “She… she…”
	Tenchi smiled back at her and patted Ryoko on the back. “I 
better go get the others. This is cause to celebrate!”


	Opening up the door to the lab, Washu stepped out into the 
Masaki living room. She looked over to see an entire crowd of people 
huddled around the couch. <It has to be two-twenty and eighteen point 
five seconds in the morning their time. What’s everyone doing up?>  
“What’s all the fuss,” Washu asked. Apparently nobody heard here the 
first time above the sound of everyone talking. “Hey, is anyone 
listening over there.”
	“Oh, good morning Mi… eh… Little Washu,” Aeka finally said to 
her. 
	“What the heck is everyone doing at this hour of the morning?” 
she said as she approached the group. She finally was able to see Ryoko 
sitting on the couch with Tenchi sitting behind her and Mayuka in 
Ryoko’s arms.
	“Well it seems like the demon actually did something constructive 
for a change,” Aeka said as she flashed Ryoko a half smile. Ryoko 
returned the gesture. “It seems little Mayuka was convinced by some 
evil force that Ryoko’s actually her mother,” she said with a giggle. 
<No!> Washu’s mind screamed out. “Well I guess someone will have to 
teach her about good taste in the near future.”
	Washu looked around in horror. The room was practically spinning, 
and everyone was laughing… <They’re laughing at you!> Her mind was 
taunting her. She looked towards Kiyone. <Some great scientist you 
are.> Kiyone wasn’t speaking though. <Got beat by your own delinquent 
daughter!> this time it was Mihoshi she thought she could hear. She 
grabbed her head and started to scream at her mind to shut up. <You 
call yourself a great mother?> came the inquiring voice of what she 
thought was Tenchi. <Kagato… Kagato… Kagato…> came the chanting… the 
awful chanting that wouldn’t stop! Washu could hear the entire group 
mocking her. They all were. <Stop it!> 
	“Washu, are you alright?” Washu snapped back to reality as she 
heard Sasami’s voice.
	“Um… oh I’m fine Sasami,” Washu replied as she returned to 
reality.
	“Well this calls for a celebration!” Noboyuki exclaimed as he 
stopped recording the gathering and lowered his camcorder. “But first… 
we need sleep. I don’t know about the rest of you, but I’m going 
back to bed.”
	Mihoshi yawned. “Yeah, I’m beat.” 
	Kiyone nodded in agreement with her partner. “I’m going with 
them. The rest of you can stay up if you want, but it’s far too early 
for me.”
	During this entire time, Washu wasn’t even paying attention to 
what they were saying. She had hidden herself in the kitchen while 
they talked. Listening… listening to their joy… their laughter… She’d 
lost…


	Washu continued to hide there for the next five minutes. She 
stared out at the remaining occupants of the room. “I’ll put her to 
bed for you,” Washu heard Tenchi say. Taking Mayuka from Ryoko’s arms, 
he proceeded up the stairs towards the baby’s room. About twenty 
seconds later, Washu heard another voice.
	“You can come out now,” she heard Ryoko say. Oh it was there… 
her voice.. filled with so much pride… so much triumph… without even 
trying she was mocking her mother. Gathering herself together, Washu 
entered the room, preparing for one of the hardest things she ever 
had to do in twenty thousand years… accept defeat. 
	“Ryoko…” Washu started to say before her daughter stopped it.  
	“Cut it.” It wasn’t even a request. It was a demand. 
	“I… I can’t Ryoko!” Washu said as she turned away from the woman 
sitting on the couch.
	A hand grabbed Washu and spun her around. Looking down at her 
was the cold determined face of Ryoko. “You knew the terms. You lost. 
Now I want this over with now so I can get back to sleep.”
	<Sleep! Does she realize what she’s making me do?! Doesn’t she 
care?!> Washu stood there in complete horror. <No… she doesn’t… she 
can feel what this is doing to me. I’m not even trying to block her! 
She…> 	Ryoko grabbed Washu by the shirt. “Do it. Or prove 
yourself to be a liar.”
	Washu turned her head away from Ryoko again. She just couldn’t 
look at her in the face. Her own daughter was throwing her out of her 
life. “Ryoko… please reconsider… anything but this!” Ryoko simply 
stood there continuing to stare at her. <She won’t change her mind…> 
Washu continued to look away from her. Then, she did the most painful 
thing she had ever done in her entire life. With a thought, she felt 
the telepathic link between her and her daughter cut… forever.
	Ryoko started to fly away. “Remember the terms. You stay away 
from me and out of my life. I don’t want to even see you unless I 
have to.” With that, Ryoko disappeared into her makeshift room. 
	Washu stood there for a few more moments. Finally, she ran into 
her lab, sobbing uncontrollably… 


	“How?! How did she beat me!” Washu screamed as she threw another 
piece of sensory equipment into the wall, smashing it into a thousand 
pieces. She armed herself with her light sword and lunged towards one 
of the larger mainframe computers, slicing right through it and causing 
it to explode. “I’m the better parent. I’m the one who knows what 
she’s doing!” She fired off a set of energy blasts towards the 
equipment in the corner of the room. She collapsed in on the floor 
finally, put her heads between her legs, and let the tears flow. 
“I’ve lost my daughter…I’ve… I’ve lost my daughter…”



Well I hope you all had fun reading this. I'll *try* to get more 
chapters out quicker from now on. If you have any questions or 
comments on the fic, email me at cav@wpi.edu. Email is always 
appreciated... except if it's a virus... or a solicitation... or 
an offer for a credit card... or... you get the picture ^_^. 
