                                       Runaway and Secrets

Welcome Jade
           Tenchi and Aieko looked at the ship coming toward them. Tenchi
got up and ran behind a bush. Aieko got up and watched the ship land a
few yards away from her. She walked toward the ship. She stopped and the
door to the ship opened up. There in the shadows stood the figure of a
person. Tenchi's head popped out from the bush. He saw the silhouette of
the person. It looked like a girl. Aieko walked toward the ship. She
stopped half way. The person came out of the shadows. Tenchi saw it was a
girl with cyan hair, tied in two, like Susami's. Aieko opened her arms,
and the girl ran toward her, and gave her a hug. "I missed you so much
Aieko." "I missed you too Jade." The girl lifted her head. She started to
walk towards the bush. She pulled Tenchi out by his collar. "Look Aieko.
A stalker." Aieko walked over to them. "He's not a stalker Jade. He's the
guy that's been giving me food for the last few days. He also gave me a
place to stay." Jade put him down. She put her hand out. "Hi my name is
Jade." Tenchi shook her hand. "Hi. It's nice to meet you Jade. Wh..."
"One second." Jade took the barrettes out of her and let her hair fall
down. "Continue." "Never mind." Aieko looked at them both and just rolled
her eyes. "Tenchi it's time for lunch. Let's go. Jade won't you come with
us."

In The House
     Aieko, Jade, and Tenchi walked into the kitchen. Everyone was
sitting around the table. "Sorry we're late everyone. My sister just
landed on earth. Jade, this is everyone." "It's nice to meet you. All of
you." Jade sat down at the table. Aieko stated to walk away. "Aieko,
aren't you gonna join us. No I have to go check Jade's ship." Aieko
walked out the door. "So Jade, how old are you?" Jade looked up and was
about to answer when she was interrupted. "She looks like a brat to me."
"Excuse me. I assure I can speak for myself and I'm 15. What's your
name?" "If you need to know so much, I'm Ryoko the pace pirate."
Grandfather interrupted. "So Jade don't you get scared traveling by
yourself. I mean you are only 15 and anyone would try to take advantage
of you." Jade smiled. "Thank-you for caring so much grandfather, but I
assure I know how to fight." "Really how did you learn?" "I learned from
Aieko. But she stopped teaching me for a while. I really wish she would
start again." Tenchi looked up. "Don't worry Jade, I'm sure she'll start
teaching you again when she's ready. Jade looked at Tenchi. "You know, I
never told any guy this before but, you are so cute." Ryoko choked on her
food. "Hey! Tenchi is my guy ok. So that means no adoring or anything."
Ayeka stood up. "Excuse me Ryoko. Tenchi is not your guy." Ayeka and
Ryoko start arguing.

Secret In Jade's Ship
 Aieko was in the engine room, checking on the engine. When she was done
she walked out of the room, and closed the door behind her. She started
to walk toward the exit of the ship when she saw Jade's room. She walked
into it. She stopped and looked around at Jade's room. Then she walked
over to the fireplace. She picked up a picture of her and Jade when they
were younger. She smiled at first, then she stopped smiling. "I wish I
could remember those days." She leaned against a wall and fell in. When
she got up, Aieko saw that she was standing in a secret room. She turned
around and saw a glass container with something that might be a body
contained inside of it. But she couldn't see the face, it was too foggy.
Aieko took her sleeve and wiped away the fog. When it was clear, the face
that she saw made her gasp and fall to her knees in shock.  Aieko got up
and started to cry. "No. It can't be." She turned away and punched the
wall. She turned back around. Once again she stared at her own face . "If
this is..., what am I then?" Suddenly Washu popped up. "You're a robot."
Aieko looked at her. "You knew I was a robot and you didn't tell me!" She
walked up to the class container, and put her hand on it. "Washu, get her
out of there." Washu walked up to her. "Alright it will only take me five
minutes." "That's not fast enough." Aieko walked out of the room. A few
seconds later she was back with a chair in her hands. She took the chair
and broke the glass container.

Surprise
 Everyone back at the house went to bed. The only person up was Tenchi.
He decided to stay up and wait for Aieko to return. He sat on the couch
and looked a the empty tv screen. All of a sudden Washu's head popped
onto the screen. "Tenchi. Watch out!" "Watch out for what?" Washu did not
get to answer, before she could someone had blasted down the door. When
the smoke disappeared, Tenchi saw a familiar face. "Aieko?" He got up.
The lady looked at Tenchi. Her eyes were glowing blue. She took out a
sword from behind her and walked toward Tenchi. She pointed it to him.
"State your purpose." Tenchi was to scared to answer her. "Don't wanna
answer me huh. Fine, you'll be the first person to die on this planet."
She raised her sword, but before she could strike, Tenchi kicked her in
the stomach, making her sword fall. Tenchi kicked the sword away. The
lady kicked him in his face, and knocked him to the floor. Tenchi got up
and punched her in the face, and she fell to the floor. She flipped up
and ran toward him. She and Tenchi started to fight. Jade was coming down
the stairs when she saw Tenchi and the lady fighting. The lady punched
Tenchi and grabbed him."You never ever attack me. Do you hear me!"
"Aieko!" Aieko turned her head towards Jade. She started to run to her.
Jade gave Aieko a hug. "I missed you so much Aieko. How did you get out."
The other Aieko walked in. "I let her out. She deserved to be free."
Tenchi was on the ground looking confused. He got up. "Okay. Which one is
which?" Washu walked in. "The one that beat you up is the real Aieko.
This one is a robot." "Oh" "How many years have I been locked up in
there?" Jade looked at her sister. "Since you were fifteen right. Your
supposed to be seventeen now, so that's, two years." "Two years! I missed
all my destruction time. I mean I could have destroyed so many planets."
"Aieko, this is Tenchi, Washu, and the robot that saved you." The other
Aieko interrupted. "Jade, do me a favor and, shut me down." Jade walked
over to her. She took out an earring from the robots ear. "Thank you."
With those final words the robot turned off. Jade turned to Aieko.
"Aieko, lets go to bed ok." "Ok, but I want my own room." "We'll try to
work something out." They both walked upstairs. Aieko looked back and
glared at Tenchi. Washu looked at Tenchi too. "I'm guessing she's gonna
be a lot of trouble. More than all of the others put together. You can
say that again." Tenchi started to walked upstairs, and Washu walked
toward her lab.

 I hope you liked it. I ‘m coming up with a few more. So if you liked it
you can read more with my made up characters in it. Please send me your
comments.
