Author's Note: I do not own any characters except Aieko, Chichinu, and
others you never heard of.

Setting: Outer space, inside a ship.

     "Queen Aieko." "What is it?" "I have some bad news." "I knew it. I
won't be back in time to see my sister get married." "No, that's not it."
"Then what is it?" "The ship is about to be hit by a comet.""What?" "We
will collide into a comet in exactly 60 seconds." "Let's just hope for
the best then. Come Chichinu." From the hallway, a cute monkey came into
the room. "There you are. You stay with me Chichinu. If we die, we die
together." "We have 47 seconds left. I will miss you your highness." "As
I will miss you. You may go." The servant bows, then walks out of the
room. Aieko gave her monkey a kiss on the head. The speaker phones turn
on. "Ten seconds till impact. 10...9...8...7...6...5...4...3...2...1."
The comet hit the ship. The comet started to push the ship toward the
earth with it. Inside the ship, the impact killed everyone. Everyone
except Aieko and Chichinu. The two were knocked out cold, and unaware
that they were speeding toward earth. Meanwhile, down own earth, it's a
normal day at the Musaki residence. "You take that back before I do
something I won't regret." "No way I never take anything back I really
mean" "That's it! I have had it with your smart remarks Ayeka!" "Really?
So what are you gonna do about it?" "This!" Ayeka and Ryoko start
fighting and arguing, while Mihoshi tries to stop them. Tenchi soon got
tired of there quareling, and walked outside. "Geese. Sometimes I can't
stand those two, always arguing. Sheesh." He walked toward the lake and
looks up at the sky. He sees something falling toward him. "Hey Mihoshi
is back." All of a sudden he hears Mihoshi's voice from inside. "If
that's Mihoshi, then who's that?" He looked up, and saw the shape of the
ship. He started to run toward the house. Inside Ryoko and Ayeka were
still arguing, when Tenchi ran passed them and ducked behind the couch.
"What are you doing?" "DUCK!" "WHAT?" "Just duck!"  All of a sudden there
was a big explosion. When the worst was done, everyone poked their heads
out from behind the couch. Washu opened the door from her lab. "Everyone
stay inside." She went outside and started to search the ruins. Hey
Tenchi, come here." "What is it Washu?" "Hold this." Washu shoved a
body-sized figure into his arms, wrapped up in a black blanket. "What is
it?" "Never mind that, help me bring it to my lab."
      Tenchi put the item on a table inside Washu's lab. "Thanks Tenchi,
you can leave now." Washu pushed him out the lab. "Let's see if I could
fix you up."

Next Day
      Tenchi is in the garden planting carrots for Ryo-oki, when he hears
leaves rustling. "Ryoko please leave me alone, I would like some time to
myself you know!" Tenchi didn't hear anybody answering back so he went
toward the bushes. "Ryoko?" When he reached the bushes, he saw two eyes,
both of them glowing red. Tenchi jumped and fell backwards. The creature
came out of the bushes, eyes still glowing red. Tenchi stayed on the
ground as he backed up. He saw the creature was a monkey. He backed up
into his back pack. "Here have a carrot," he said pulling one out of his
backpack. The monkey just screeched. Tenchi reached inside of his back
pack and pulled something out. "What about this?" The monkey's eyes
stopped glowing and it gave a happy screech. It grabbed the thing from
Tenchi's hand. Tenchi opened his eyes. He saw the monkey eating what he
pulled out from the back pack. "So, you like apples huh?" The monkey
climbed on Tenchi's shoulder. "I don't know where you came from, but I
know someone who would like you." Tenchi picked up his back pack and
started to walk home with the monkey.

In Washu's Lab
     Washu was typing something on the computer. "Well you fluids are
flowing correctly. And, your heart is beating. I guess you can come out
the lab and meet everybody. First let me download your memory. And
install a few things from your old memory. Erase some files from your
brain waves and, you're done." The person lying on the table woke up.
"Where am I? Who are you? What am I doing here? Where did Chichinu go?"
Washu walked up to her. "So you're finally awake?" The girl looked at
Washu.  She followed Washu's every move with her eyes. "What is your
name?" The lady decided to answer Washu's question. "My name is Aieko. I
am the future queen of the planet Nyon." "The planet Nyon. I haven't been
there in a good hundred years." Aieko then recognized her face. "Oh my
god! Your Washu. The greatest science genius in the universe." "Am I
famous or something." "No but I'm your greatest fan." "Well greatest fan
I want you to come out and eat something." Then the door opened and
Susami's head popped in. "Washu! Dinner is ready. Oh, hello miss. Nice to
meet you." "It is a pleasure to meet you too. You know you like some one
I know." "Ok you two enough chitter-chatter. Susami please take Miss
Aieko to the kitchen for lunch. I'll be out there in a sec." Aieko and
Susami walk out the door and into the kitchen.

Incident
 Tenchi walked in the door. "Hey everyone." "Tenchi, what is that on your
shoulder?" "Boy Ayeka, being a princess and all, you would think that you
would know what kind of animal that is." Ayeka turned red with furry.
"What are you saying Ryoko?!" "I'm saying you must be pretty dumb to not
know what's on his shoulder." Ryoko and Ayeka start arguing once again.
Tenchi walked into the kitchen but before he could, Susami tugged on his
shirt "Wow Tenchi where did you find this cute monkey" "Well he attacked
me in the garden" "He couldn't have. He's to cute to attack anyone."
"Well he did." Susami starts to play with the monkey."Susami?" "Yes
Tenchi." "If your out here who's in there finishing lunch." "You'll meet
her soon." "Her? There's another her in this house? Like there isn't
enough already." "Don't you like us Tenchi?" "Don't get me wrong.  I love
you guys. It's just that I would like another guy like me to talk to."
"Ok Tenchi." Everyone started to sit around the table. "Washu what were
you doing in the lab for so long?" "Helping the person in the crash get
better." Tenchi couldn't believe what he was hearing. "You mean someone
actually survived that crash!" "Yeah. I couldn't believe it either. But
she is a r.. really strong girl." "Oh. I guess I better get washed up for
dinner then. First let me say hi." Washu stopped him. "You'll meet her at
dinner, now go get ready." Tenchi started to walk away. Washu walked in
to the kitchen. She saw that Aieko wasn't there anymore. "Oh no! Where
did she go!" Aieko popped her head out from under the water of the
bathtub. "All that cooking made me tense. There's nothing like a bath to
help you relax." She saw the door opening, so she pulled the curtains
together. She saw Tenchi turn on the pipe and start to wash his face.
Aieko took this as an opportunity to grab a towel. When she did this,
Tenchi thought he heard water move. He dried his face and turned towards
the tub. He walked up to it and grabbed the curtains. Then he pulled them
apart, only to see some lady wrapped in a towel with her hair soaking
wet, and her fist pulled back. Aieko then punched him and walked out the
bathroom.
Dinner Time
   Aieko came into the kitchen tying her robe. "Okay I'm here. Let me
start dishing out dinner." She went outside to the table. "Wait a minute
I forgot something." She walked back into the kitchen. Tenchi walked to
the table hold his eye. Ryoko teleported next to him. "Tenchi what
happened to you?" He was about to explain when Aieko came out of the
kitchen holding a bowl. "Okay people, I'm ba... You!" Tenchi looked up.
"You! Your that girl in the bathroom." Washu got up. "I see you two met
already." Tenchi and Aieko just stood there glaring at each other. "Why'd
you punch me in the eye for?!" "You walked into the bathroom and decide
to pull open the curtain to check if anyone was in there!" "I heard
something, and I didn't know you were in there!" "Have you ever heard of
knocking?!" "Would you to stop arguing. I have to introduce you anyway.
Everyone, this is Aieko. Aieko meet Ryoko, Ayeka, Susami, Mihoshi,
Kieyone, and Tenchi, whom you had the incident with." "It's nice to meet
you all, I guess." They all sat to eat and no one spoke through out the
whole thing.

Next Day
   Tenchi was in the garden working, when Aieko walked up to him. "Did
you come to hurt me again?" "Actually, I came to apologize. I'm sorry for
that punch." "No it's ok. You can really hit there. So, where are you
from?" "I come from a planet called Nyon. It has three different
kingdoms. The water kingdom, the land kingdom, and the sky kingdom. I am
a queen on my planet." "Which kingdom?" "Water. I always loved the water.
Especially cold water." Aieko looked up at the sky. "I feel a presence
will be here very soon." "Really, how soon?" "Now." Aieko pointed to the
sky. Tenchi looked up and saw a huge ship. "I can't believe she actually
ran away."

Who ran away? What is she talking about? Find out in my next fan fic
"Runaway".
