Hello Aieko Part 4: Learning About Her

Hello it’s me again. I hope you liked my last three fan fic’s this one is
gonna be longer than the others. I just can’t promise you it will be better
than the last three. Oh well. Here I go.

Takes place: After the third story.

Key: <> means they are taking in their heads.

The Masaki household was sitting at the table eating. Everything had calmed
down. Aieko, Ryoko, and Ayeka were no longer arguing. Aieko got up and
stretched. "Well everyone, I’m ready to go train. Thank-you Susami for that
wonderful dinner." Aieko looked at Jade. "Jade. I expect you to be out there
with me when you’re done. It’s been a long time since we trained with each
other." Jade looked at Aieko. "What? I’m gonna watch a movie after I’m done.
You can train by yourself." "Fine. Suit yourself. But don’t come crying to
me when we’re attacked and you can’t fight." "I won’t" Aieko walked out of
the house. "Why didn’t you go with her?" Jade got up. "I didn’t go train
with her because she would have been training herself instead of me. Also,
she’s dangerous. She duplicates herself and then fights her duplicate. She
doesn’t need me to fight with. I also have a movie to watch." Ryoko got up.
"Well I don’t know about you guys, but I’m gonna watch Ms. I’m more evil
than you train." Ayeka got up. "I think I’ll join you Ryoko." "I feel sorry
for you guys. If my sis catches you guys spying on her. Well I’ll let you
find out for yourselves." Jade walked into the livingroom and sat on the
couch. "Well we’ll be going now." Ayeka and Ryoko both walked out the door.
Washu got up. "Well I’ll be going to my lab. Tenchi you have two choices
today. You let me use you as a guinea pig, or you go see what Ryoko and
Ayeka are up to." Tenchi got up. "I’m going, I’m going." He walked out of
the door.

Tenchi saw Aieko sitting in front of the lake and was about to call out at
her, when he was pulled into the bushes. "What did you do that for?" "Look
at her, she’s just been sitting there for the last fifteen minutes. Some
training that is." "Ryoko shut up and keep looking." "Why don’t you two just
stop spying on her." Aieko got up. "What is she gonna do now?" "I don’t know
Ayeka, maybe if you looked and see!" Tenchi looked at Aieko. Aieko looked at
her hands. " Their blood is on my hands." She dropped on her knees. She
started crying and yelling. "Why!" She looked up at the sky. "I hate you,
you made me do this, I have innocent people’s blood on my hands." She
punched the ground. She got up and took her sword out. She started to chop
down trees with it and anything she saw she would hit with it. She dropped
her sword and ran in the water she started to wash her hands. "See. It’s
still there. It won’t go away!" Tenchi got up and ran toward her. Aieko
started to splash the water. "Aieko!" He grabbed her by her shoulder.
"What’s wrong with you?!" Aieko pushed him away from her. "Get off me, I
killed them and there’s nothing you can do about it." She started to run.
Tenchi was gonna chase after her but he decided not to. "I gotta tell
Washu."

Washu was typing on her computer when Tenchi came running in. "Good. You’re
here. I need to show you some thing I found." "Not now Washu, Aieko’s gone
crazy and ran out into town!" "She didn’t go crazy, she was just letting out
how she feel’s about taking all those people’s lives." "What?" "Look here
Tenchi. When Aieko went through the age verification, it showed she is not
in her true age body." "So your saying that Aieko is older than she’s
supposed to be?" "Exactly. So Jade is not 15 at all. Jade is the one who is
17. Jade also said that Aieko was two years older than her. There’s another
lie. My computers picked up that Aieko and Jade are one year apart. So Aieko
is one year older than you too. She is 18 years old." "Why would Aieko lie
about her age, and why would Jade lie too.?" "I’m not done Tenchi. The
computers picked up negative readings about Aieko. Aieko has the same
similar powers as Ryoko." "That’s how she walked through the door when I
locked it." "Exactly! Huh? When did that happen?" "Never mind that. Keep
talking." Washu turned her giant computer on. "As I was saying Aieko and
Ryoko’s powers are similar. Actually, there exactly the same, only Aieko’s
are stronger and even more destructive than Ryoko’s. If she use’s the right
amount of energy, one blast from her hand can destroy a whole city. Now did
Aieko say anything while she was going crazy?" "Yes she said, Get away from
me, I killed them and there’s nothing you can do about it." "That explains
why she was contained." "Why?" "Aieko is the most dangerous, most wanted
space pirate." "Wait I thought Ryoko was." "No she became the most wanted
when Aieko disappeared." Just then Mihoshi and Kieyone came into the lab.
"Washu, Tenchi, I have something to tell you." "Let me guess Kieyone, you
found out that Aieko is not only the most dangerous, nut the most wanted
space pirate in the whole universe." "Yes, but how did you know that?" "Wow
Tenchi, do you have psychic powers?" Everyone gets a sweat drop in he back
of there heads. Kieyone walks over to Mihoshi. "Why don’t you sit down,
you’ll get a headache if you try to think." "Found it." "Found what Washu."
"This." Washu pressed a button. Aieko showed up on the screen. "And pause. I
am about to show you why Aieko lied about herself and why she went crazy.
But I advise you people with weak stomachs please leave." Washu pushed a
button and the screen started to please leave. "Aieko I feel so sorry for
you. First your mom disappears off the face of this planet, and now your
father is gonna marry a new wife. I feel your pain, so that’s why I’ll let
you think about this. If you join me you won’t have to go through this
pain." "I told you Yoshido, I don’t want to join you on your killing
sprees." "Look at where your at, your at your father’s second wedding. He
doesn’t love you anymore. Remember when he told you the only time he’ll stop
loving you is when your mother disappears." Aieko got mad. "Shut-up!" "You
were so sure your mother wouldn’t disappear." Shut-up!" "But where is she
now, huh Aieko, she’s gone right. I guess your dad no longer loves you." "I
said , shut the hell up!" Aieko took out a dagger pulled out a dagger, and
put it up to Yoshido’s neck. "I knew you had in you. But if you kill me you
have no where to turn." Aieko dropped the dagger. "I still won’t join you
Yoshido." She turned and walked out of the church.

Aieko and her family were sitting in the throne room. People were resting
gifts down for the king and his new wife. Aieko got mad when she saw her dad
holding her stepmothers’s hand. "I guess you were telling the truth huh
daddy." The king looked at Aieko. "What are you talking about Aieko?" "You
told me that you would stop loving me only if mom disappeared." The king
looked at his daughter. "Nothing. Listen ladies and gentlemen, he has
nothing to say. The thing that makes me mad daddy is that you couldn’t wait
one more week to search for mom. No! You had to hurry and remarry. And of
all people daddy. You had to get married to that wench." The king stood up,
he walked over to Aieko and slapped her. "Aieko I will not have that tone or
language taking from you." "You know what daddy, you won’t have to. I’ll be
gone anyway. It wouldn’t matter to you, you don’t love me anymore!" Aieko
ran out of the ballroom, and to her bedroom. She started to pack a suitcase.
All she took was clothes and a picture of her and Jade with their mother.
She ran out of her room, and towards the front door of the castle. When she
outside she saw Yoshido, standing there waiting for her. "I knew you
couldn’t resist." Yoshido stuck his hand out."

"Hold on just a minute, gotta find the next file." "Would you hurry Washu,
this is a good movie.""It’s not a movie!" "Okay, here we go."



Aieko took his hand and they both went into the ship. The ship flew off into
outer space. "This would be your room. Tomorrow you start training." Aieko
looked at him. "Training for what?" "In case you haven’t noticed Aieko, you
just joined me on my killing spree." "I just came with you to get away from
my family, not to join anything of yours!" Yoshido walked over to her. "You
don’t ever raise your voice to me!" He slapped Aieko in the face and pushed
on to the floor. Then he kicked her in the side. Aieko squinched at the
pain. "Like I said, training starts tomorrow. Be there!" With that he walked
out of the room and slammed the room behind him.

"How can he do that to her!" " That’s not all. I have to skip this part
because that’s where she’s forced into losing her innocence to him." "You
mean he raped her?" "Everyday." "Well now in this part, she’s trained and
she’s on her 20th raid. This is the part for people with weak stomachs to
leave." Washu started the file again.

"Here’s your big chance Aieko. You destroy this planet and I let you free.
No more punishment, no more torture, no more of anything." "You always say
that, and you keep on with torture and pain." "But this time I mean it. Only
if you obey me, if you don’t, I continue. And just to make sure you do." He
grabbed her arm and stuck something in her wrist. "Go." Aieko landed on the
planet. Every command Yoshido gave her she obeyed it, she couldn’t do
anything about it, the object in her wrist was something that had her under
Yoshido’s control. Aieko had killed everyone on the planet except a woman
with a little baby. Aieko had the woman by her side. The baby was on the
ground crying. " Guess what? You get to watch your baby die." In the ship
Yoshido told her to kill the child. Suddenly Aieko stopped. She let go of
the woman. "Run." She picked up the baby and gave it to the woman. "Take
your baby and run, run far away." The woman started to run. "I told you’ll
be free but you didn’t listen. Go kill them. Now!" Aieko started to run
after the woman. She caught up with them and blasted the woman with an
energy surge. The woman fell to the ground. Aieko walked over to the dead
woman. She picked up the baby by it’s neck. "I’m so sorry." She took the
baby and crushed it’s head in." She dropped to the ground crying.

Back on the ship, Aieko was gonna pay for her disobeying. "Get in there!"
Yoshido pushed Aieko into the water. He picked her up and took off her
clothes the only thing she had left on was her underwear. He tied her hands,
and threw in the water again. He picked her up and hung her by her hands. He
took out a whip and started to beat her with it. Aieko started to scream at
the pain. After he finished beating her, he lit a match. He walked over to
her and put the match up to her open wounds. Aieko began to cry, when she
felt the fire on her wounds. "Now you know not to disobey me." He cut her
down and let her fall to the ground. He walked out of the room. "Guards!
Throw her in her room. Literately."

The screen went black. Washu got up. "Do you see now. All the pain she had
to go through. Why couldn’t she just stay with us!" Everyone turned to see
Jade standing there crying. "Jade why didn’t you tell us?" "Because it was
painful to my heart." "So you had to lie about your age?" "Where is she? Do
you know?" "No, we don’t know." "We have to go find her then." "She couldn’t
be in the mountains. She probably went into town." "Your right. So Tenchi
you’ll check around your school, and then the beach." "Kieyone, Mihoshi,
you’ll check all over town." "Gotcha" "Jade, you’ll stay here with me and
we’ll look for her on my computer." "Ok" Tenchi started to run towards town.
Everyone searched but they couldn’t find her. Tenchi didn’t give up though.
He kept looking, asking people if they had seen her. But everyone he asked
said they didn’t see her. By now it was raining and Tenchi was about to go
home when he saw a woman in an alley. "Aieko?" He walked towards her. In
between two garbage cans, Tenchi saw Aieko sitting there with her head on
her knees. "Aieko?" "I guess you know everything about me huh?" Tenchi
didn’t answer her. She looked up at him. "You know now, so are you afraid of
me?" She got up. "You know I hate when people don’t answer me. You should
know that from watching everything about me." Tenchi moved back. Aieko
followed him. "Yes, I know everything about you, and no I’m not afraid of
you. The only time I was afraid of you, was when you attacked me, when we
first met." Aieko stopped. "You were afraid of me?" "Yes." "How come your
not afraid of me now?" "I don’t know, I guess I see nothing to be afraid
of." Aieko smiled. "I thought everyone would be afraid of me. I guess I let
my imagination get to me." "Come on Aieko let’s go home." Tenchi and Aieko
started to walk home. "Hey look, the rains dying down." "Yeah it’s dying
down but we’re soaked." "Well you should have took an umbrella. So if we’re
soaked we really better get going." Aieko looked around the street. "Look
over there. We’ll use that motorcycle." Aieko pulled Tenchi towards it.
"What you gonna do, jumpstart it." "Already down, hop on, I’m driving."
Tenchi got on. "Hold on." Aieko and Tenchi rode the motorcycle all the way
home. Tenchi and Aieko walked into the house. It was quiet. They then walked
into the living room. "It looks like everyone is asleep." "Hey, you can take
my room tonight, I’ll sleep on the couch." "No, I couldn’t do that." "It’s
ok, really." "Are you sure?" "Yeah" "Ok then I guess I’ll see you in the
morning." Aieko starts to walk up the stairs. Tenchi watches her from
downstairs. "What is wrong with you Tenchi, you do not like her." Tenchi was
lying on the couch. <I better go check on her.> Tenchi open the door to his
room. He looked in and saw Aieko sleeping on the floor. He walked over to
her and picked her up. He put her on the bed, and covered her with the
blanket. He started to walk to the door. "I guess I do like you Aieko. To
bad you can’t know that." He closed the door behind him as he walked out of
the room.



Well there’s part 4 of Hello Aieko. I hope you liked it. If you want to read
more you’ll have to wait. I still have to write it. If you have any comments
please e-mail me. PLEASE! E-mail me at or . I mean this when I say it.
Please, please, please e-mail me comments even if you didn’t like, just tell
me how you liked it.
