Her Father's Daughter


     He could not kill her.

     It had taken weeks of planning to get this right.  But now, he
could not bring himself to kill her.  Six hours had passed since he had
sealed her sleeping body inside the stasis field.  He spent the first
few hours checking the systems obsessively, making sure there were no
mistakes, and now, for the last hour, he merely watched her.  He stared
sullenly at her, her delicate lips half-frowning in repose, the
brilliant sheen of her spiked red hair muted by the glow of the field's
energy.  Pressing his face against the sharp edge of the cold metal
table he had laid her on, he thought of the options that he had, and
wondered what he should do next.

     Startled by a noise, he lifted his head to see the shadow of a
toddling figure pass through the doorway.  He stood up, walking over
to catch the child up in his arms.  She had just started walking
recently, and though part of him was proud of her little milestones,
he could not shake the feeling of uneasiness at her unnatural
development.  He turned, resting the child against his shoulder,
listening to her childish babbling, and looked back at Washu's still
form.

     She wasn't the first child he had ever fathered, but she would
likely be his last.  True that his part in the affair was minimal
at best.  Merely a drop of his blood was required for the procedure,
but to him, that was enough; she was his.  From the onset, everything
had been fine.  He had even helped Washu hand-tailor the child's genes,
unusual during those times, but not taboo.  He himself was the result
of generations of selective breeding, his genes highly desirable
by any galactic standard.

     He had been present when the child was born, and had even caught
her in his capable hands as she entered the world.  But then, shortly
after the birth, even before the formal naming ceremony, he had caught
Washu infusing the child with Masu, and that was when it had all
started falling apart.

     Real children drooled and wet themselves; spat up on one's dress
uniform and cried half the night for want of attention.  They didn't
have arcane gems embedded in their flesh that infused them with powers
beyond mortal comprehension.  Real children were hungry little
creatures, and needed their waste cleaned up for them.  They did not
have the ability to never require milk or juice or a change of diapers.
Real children did not spend over a hundred years as an infant.  Real
children's minds were not based on a hundred trillion lines of complex
programming.  Washu had changed their daughter into something that he
could not understand; changed her from a human being into something
else entirely different.

     He knew the history, and he knew the law.  He was the father after
all, and no matter what the circumstances of the child's birth, a child
could never be illegitimate as long as it was acknowledged.
He knew it was within his rights by the ancient laws of his people,
Holy Council of Jurai be damned, to terminate the inhuman...thing
that his child had become.  He would have strangled the little monster
himself if he thought that was possible, but he had done his research,
and knew that the gems imparted powers beyond his understanding.

     At the same time, however, part of him did not want to see this
child come to an end, part of him was curious to see how this little
experiment would play out.  Though his feelings were all tangled up in
the matter, he was still fundamentally curious about the little being,
especially since Washu had refused to let him know anything more than
the most basic facts, as if she did not trust him with the information.
That, more than anything, had wounded not only his pride, but cracked
the foundations of their friendship.

     Betrayal.  The word stung his heart, and he refused to let it
wound him further.  He forced the hurt aside, replacing it with a cold
rage that shielded him from further pain, letting the icy chill seep
into his heart until he was numbed.  Washu had betrayed his trust,
played Goddess with a life that only half-belonged to her, and
experimented on this his last child.

     He should kill her, jettison her helpless, lifeless form out into
the depths of space and let nature take its course.  That would have
been the rational thing to do.

     But he could not bring himself to do it.  The old ethics that had
governed his life before he abandoned them haunted him with guilt.
You did not betray the friend that stood by your side- that was
disloyal.  You did not raise your hand against your master- that was...

     He shook his head, as if trying to clear himself of the weight
of the past.

     He could not kill her.  He owed her better than that.  But he
could make sure that she would never again be free to interfere
in his life ever again.

     He felt a sharp pain as the little girl tugged at loose strands
of his long pale hair.   Grimacing, he gently untangled her diminutive
fingers, and looked deeply into the luminous golden eyes that mirrored
his own.  He had never been able to get a clear answer out of Washu
why she had chosen to base many of this child's features on his own,
but then again, he could not get any specific information out of her
about this child.

     Over the next few weeks, he worked with the intense fervor of a
fanatic, opening a gate into the Souja's alternate dimensional
half, setting up guardians that would watch over her as she slept,
and letting the inorganic crystalline life form slowly encase her still
body.  After he was done, he keyed the dimensional half so that it
could not be accessible to anyone including himself unless he was
killed, so that he would never be tempted to set her free.  He would
never have to face her again, not while he was still alive.  And one
night, he sat the child down, accessed her memory, and delicately
blurred them, letting time take care of the rest.





     As far back as she could remember she had always been alone.

     No, that was not completely true.  She had Ryo-ohki, and she had
Kagato.  But Ryo-ohki could not speak to her, except in a symbolic
language more akin to dreaming than anything resembling human speech.
And Kagato would not speak to her, except when he chose to, and even
that was growing increasingly rare as the years passed.

     She knew from observation that he was not a completely unfeeling
man, so it troubled her young mind that he rebuffed her awkward
attempts to play with him, and sternly reprimanded her for her habit
of following him around at every opportunity.  It seemed that nothing
good she could do would interest him for longer than the time it took
to make a quick notation in his files before returning his attention
to whatever work was at hand.  So too often in those early days, she
acted out, willfully destroying or sabotaging the work that was so
inexplicably dear to him, trying to provoke some sort of reaction
from him, some sign of interest or acknowledgement.

     Initially, she had put him in a terrific rage, but after
subsequent attempts, the reaction was always the same.  He would clean
up whatever mess she had created, and quietly banish her to some remote
corner of his subspace laboratory where she could do no harm.  So she
had upped the ante, observing him to see what she could get her hands
on that was even more important to him than the stacked tablets,
data modules, and other strange devices that were never far from his
reach.

     Then she realized what it was.  She had seen him toy with the
devices often enough in the past; small, metallic cubes from which a
miniaturized holographic figure emerged.  He had a triad of these
devices that he kept in his spartan quarters, and occasionally
would spend anywhere from a few minutes to hours observing the various
holographic recordings stored within them.  She had observed him
secretly, watching his long pale fingers activate a module, surprised
to see his face mysteriously soften, relaxing from its usual calculated
cynicism as he focused on the tiny translucent being.  It was perhaps
the only time she saw him consistently exhibit any type of emotion;
sometimes it seemed that he was lost in inner regret.  Other times,
he might laugh, breaking the stillness with a resonant mirth that rang
through his chambers.

     One day, knowing that he would be busy in his laboratory for at
least several hours more, she had let herself into his private
quarters.  With vaguely defined plans of stealing a cube, she plunked
herself down on the gleaming polished desktop, and picked one up.  Her
hand was hardly large enough to encompass the whole, but through trial
and error, she had figured out how to turn it on.  Immediately,
a tiny figure emerged, wearing a dual toned green coat over a simple
dark violet uniform.  She had watched it with an intense curiosity,
for she had never seen the image up close before, nor had been within
range to hear the voice that emanated from it.

     Strange.  The figure had dark, midnight hair, something that she
had never seen before.  It spoke with a higher-toned voice, and was
oddly shaped, with soft rounded curves instead of angular corners,
and an animation to its expressions that surprised her with their
complexity.  There was something truly appealing about this, and for a
moment, she thought that she understood what had brought him to spend
so much time with this little device.

     Then the image disappeared for a moment, as one recording ended
and another began.  The same figure reappeared, only this time
accompanied by a smaller being, whom she automatically identified
with, looking somewhat in the shape of herself, though with that same,
strange dark hair and ruddy complexion.  She watched and listened
with growing interest as the figure laughed, and with practiced
hands swung the little being up into its arms.  The figure continued
talking, and she began to learn some new and unfamiliar concepts.
Family.  Daughter.  Mother.  Father.



     Hours passed as she watched recording after recording,
half-understanding what she saw and heard.  Suddenly, without warning,
the door had opened with a whisk.  Startled and panicking, she crushed
the fragile cube in her hands, bits of metal alloy falling and clinking
around her in a shower of energy sparks as the device snapped apart.
He looked truly surprised, completely caught off guard, and nearly
dropped the cup of steaming tea that he had brought with him.  Pausing
minutely, he absently threw the ceramic cup into a convenient pocket
dimension, and then stormed in, a raging swirl of motion as his heavy
dual toned green coat swung out behind him from the quickness of his
movement.

     In one quick motion, he had hoisted her up by the back of her
collar, and dumped her on the chair before the desk, all the while
searching with his free hand for the tiny crystalline structure
that held the actual memory of the device she had shattered.  She
looked up to see him looming over her, his face betraying an anxiety
she had never seen before.  When he found the memory crystal among the
shards of metal and wiring, he actually slumped against the desk
momentarily, sighing in relief.  Examining it for a second, he nodded
to himself, opened a pocket of subspace, and dropped the little gem in.

     She was filled with a mixture of terror and elation, fearful
of what he was going to do next, for she was delving into uncharted
territory, yet thrilled in her heart to see him actually wear his
feelings openly on his face.  Yet all of this excitement was tinged
with a strange, unsettling feeling that she could not identify,
a burning, twisting emotion that ate at her insides and made her want
to shrink away and disappear.  Yet she knew better than to try to
disappear as she could indeed do, for he was always, without fail, able
to find her, no matter where she could try hiding.

     When his attention turned back to her after he cleared away the
glittering fragments, his eyes darkened with anger, and his thin lips
twisted with suppressed emotion.  He took a deep breath as he struggled
to maintain his composure, and she could almost see his thought
processes flitting through the surface of his eyes as he struggled
to come up with something to say to her.  For a moment, she felt a pang
of regret for what she did, and not knowing how to deal with this
emotion, she sulked, drawing her arms close about her and glared back
at him in defiant silence.

     "You...how dare you?"  He knelt down before her and grabbed her
tightly by the shoulders, glaring deep into her eyes.  "I gave you
strict orders to stay away from this place.  Why have you disobeyed
me?  What were you doing with my holographic display?

     This time, she resolved not to answer him, and though she was
quaking within with fear, she refused to betray it, emulating his cool
disdain.  She returned his hard gaze unyieldingly.

     He paused, waiting for her response, looking into pale eyes that
reflected his own.  When he realized she was not about to answer him,
his anger got the better of him.  He shook her roughly for a second,
as though he could physically elicit a response where questioning
failed.

     But he stopped himself with controlled effort, letting her go.
Unfolding his formidable height, he stood back up, and leaned against
the cool metal surface of his desk, tapping his index finger
thoughtfully against his chin.  "No, mustn't get upset.  After all,
she's not human...she's just a machine.  It's not as though she would
be aware of what she's done.  Still, there must be a programming
glitch somewhere..." He trailed off, thoughtfully, looking down at her.
Scooping her up, he sat her down on the flat surface of the desk, took
a seat in the chair before her, and brought up a computer terminal
between them.

     She always hated this part of it all, how he would suddenly
pretend as though nothing had happened, ignoring her so that he could
play with his shadow machines.  This time however, it was far worse
than usual; she was deeply troubled by his words and could not accept
them.  She knew that she was a human being, she was certain of it.  She
knew she was just like the image of the little girl in his cube.  After
all, for all the strangeness of that one's looks, they were both cut
from the same fabric.  She reflected on the memory of those holographic
projections, remembering some of the new words and ideas she had
learnt.  Suddenly, she pushed her face through the screen of his
spectral terminal, interrupting him with a start.

     "But I'm not a machine, Father, I'm a little girl."  Her eyes
searched his questioningly.

     He looked at her blankly, completely baffled, before realizing
where she could have learned this new vocabulary to define herself.
Amusement grew on his face for a moment, and chuckling, he sat her
gently back down so that he could continue with his data manipulation.
Amazing design, he thought, that she was able to completely incorporate
new concepts into her repertoire, with absolute fluidity and precision.

     "No, I am not your father, my little creature, I am Kagato.  And
as for you, you were born in the usual manner, but you're not human.
Not in the strict sense at least."  He continued typing merrily away,
past anger forgotten in a surge of scientific curiosity.

     Again, she interrupted him by pressing herself through his screen.
"But..." she reached out and tugged close a long strand of his hair,
and brought it against her own, the complimentarily pale strands
mingling for a moment before swinging away.  She then touched her face
with a diminutive finger, pointing toward her own two eyes in
succession, and touched the high cheekbones of his face lightly,
before pointing toward hers.

     "Ah, observant, are we?  Well now, that's a story from a long time
ago...but it's not any of your business, my little Ryoko.  Now sit."
His words held a strong tone of finality.

     She sat back down obediently, childish fingers pressed
thoughtfully to her lips, trying to make sense of what he had revealed.
Though the details were vague, she could not accept this.  It was
beginning to not make any sense at all.  She knew from those recordings
that children looked like their parents.  After all, did the figure
not mention how the little girl "looked more like her mother than her
father?"  Then, as she thought about it, the mystery began to make some
sense to her.  She sat watching him sitting merely inches from her, and
observed his angular face through the translucent screen of his
terminal, so focused on his work that he didn't even notice her.

     Not knowing the full impact of his words, he continued working,
humming tonelessly to himself.  This sort of spontaneous discovery
was pure enjoyment, and the challenge of cracking such an elegant
little puzzle brought a slight smile to his thin lips.  The remarkable
ingenuity of Washu's creations had never failed to impress him, even
now after so much time had passed since his extended tenure as her
assistant.  He had always loved the cleverness of her designs, even
though he had not always loved the creator of said designs.  As he
waited for his calculations to compile, he indulged himself in a few
pleasant memories of the past, when his life and all its constituent
elements were so much simpler.

     But memories were tricky things, and his was dragging him down a
path in his life that he did not want to revisit.  A cherished
friendship gone horribly awry; bitter, angry fights that lasted months;
building resentments and mutual accusations; the end result leading
to shattered loyalties and that ultimate betrayal that he could never
forgive.  He half-closed his eyes, trying to will away the memories,
trying not to revisit those times when he had both all that he had ever
desired and nothing of true value that he could actually have. Noticing
that he had stopped typing and was resting with narrow eyes
half-closed, gazing pensively off into the distance, she decided for
him that he was finished with whatever he had been doing.  Impatiently,
she quickly made up her mind, choosing not to wait until later, but
would ask him right away.

     "Father?  Who is my mother?"

     Kagato's eyes narrowed minutely.  "I am not your father.  You have
no mother."

     "No!  Tell me who my mother is!"

     "Don't be irrational, Ryoko.  I told you.  You have no mother.
You are not a human being."  Kagato stated irritably.  In his head,
he could hear Washu laughing at him.  Laughing at his inability
to comprehend or even vaguely control this little gift she had left
him.  Laughing at his incompetence.

     "You're lying," Ryoko's eyes glimmered faintly with tears.  It was
impossible.  Impossible.  How could she have no mother?  How could she
not be human?

     "And you're impertinent.  Now shut up before I send you out of my
sight."

     Ryoko's eyes took on a far more dangerous gleam than tears alone.
She quickly manipulated the tiny muscles in her eyes, effectively
shutting off her tear ducts, blinking away the rest.  Before he could
move, she let out a tiny, controlled burst of energy, severing the
invisible link between him and his spectral screen, causing the screen
to dissipate in a flash of light.

     "What.  Did.  You.  Do?"  Kagato's voice was ferocious.  She had
never seen him this mad before, and inwardly, she felt a nearly
hysterical, almost maniacal glee.

     "Who is my mother?"  She demanded, her voice getting louder.
"I know you know!  You're lying!  You know!  Tell me!"

     "You have no mother."

      "Why won't you tell me?  You're a liar!  I have to have a mother!
I have to!"  He grabbed her, his hands clasping her small shoulders
tight, his fierce eyes boring into hers.

     "You have no mother! You are a machine!  I created you, and I can
just as easily take that away!"

     "NO!  I HATE YOU!  YOU'RE LYING TO ME!"  Suddenly, energy swiftly
built up to an increasingly explosive level.  Ryoko's body began
glowing, and then became a pure burst of intense power that hung onto
a thread of control for barely a millisecond before exploding in a
raging, fiery storm.  Before Kagato could react, the energy blast flung
him across the room, and he slammed hard against the far wall with a
sickening crunch, leaving a spider web of fractures in the stone behind
him.  His body slumped down against the wall before crumpling into a
motionless mass on the floor.

     Several long seconds passed while fine particles of stone dust
settled down around him in a monotone veil.  For a split second, his
eyes flicked open, looking at her incomprehensibly, not quite
understanding what had just occurred.  He was too dazed to apply that
brilliant mind of his to anything but the muddled thought: Who will
take care of her once I am gone?

     Kagato's eyes begrudgingly shut.



     Silence.

     Ryoko was alone.  All she could hear was her own jagged breathing,
her half-sobbed breaths coming hard and uneven.  And she wasn't mad
anymore.   She was scared.  From across the room she could see that
blood was leaking out of his mouth and nose, spilling into a growing
pool of scarlet fluid in the ground before him.  His hands and
forearms...they didn't look the same anymore.  They were charred almost
beyond recognition, white glimpses of bone showing through where the
flesh had seared away.

     Ryoko swallowed, hard, willing away the nausea.  Tears that had
been forcibly silenced before streamed down her cheeks, and she curled
up against the flat cold stone of his desk, not caring if he saw her,
if he could see her.

     In a flash, Ryo-ohki appeared before her, responding to her
distress.  She caught up the little furry cabbit in her small hands;
her fingers digging into the warm fur, her arms pulling Ryo-ohki
close against her.  She wept, her hot sobbing tears muffled against
Ryo-ohki's fur, little mews of concern filling her ears.

     As her tears subsided, Ryoko shivered, her body ice-cold from
shock.  She wanted to run away, but there was no place to go in this
big, lonesome ship.  The shadows seemed more ominous, pressing against
her, in a prison of stone and darkness and loneliness, forever and
ever.  Ryoko felt a welling panic grow in her heart, and a hiccoughing
sob rise in her throat.

     But then, a sound.  Her highly sensitive ears caught a tiny noise;
a rasping breath.  Still holding Ryo-ohki close, she sat up, turning
toward where he lay, her cheeks cool and damp with drying tears.

     Another shallow breath.  Ryoko screwed up her courage, and slid
off the tall table.  Ryo-ohki leaped out of her arms and onto the
floor, cautiously stepping before Ryoko, affording her an additional
sense of security. And another.  Ryoko slinked up close to him, and
knelt down where he lay, his arms skewed akimbo before him, the acrid
scent of charred flesh filling her nose.  She turned to Ryo-ohki,
her eyes filled with fear, as if the little cabbit could tell her what
to do so that everything would be all right, so that he would wake up,
and so that he wouldn't be mad at her anymore.

     She bit her trembling lip, trying to think of what she should
do, as the pool of blood slowly increased, soaking the knees of her
leggings a hot, sticky crimson.  His hands.  Maybe she could do
something to fix his hands.

     Instinctively, Ryoko reached out to touch them, forcing herself
not to shy away from the crumbling black flesh, the ghostly white bone
that appeared wherever her fingers touched him.  She tried to channel
her power into him, in small pulses of energy so as not to hurt him,
assuming that perhaps that was what he needed.  But it wasn't enough;
the flesh and bones were too far destroyed.  They could not be brought
back intact, even as his arms were suddenly infused with the glow of
her power.

     She looked at his arms, puzzled, unsure of how to continue.
Her eyes roamed the destroyed flesh of his hands, looking for a clue
before it flickered over the gleaming, pulsing gem in her wrist.

     Ryoko took her hands away from him.  Methodically, she took out
one gem after another from her wrists, and put the two, one each, into
each of Kagato's maimed palms, the gems settling into the gaping cracks
in the flesh.  If the gems could sustain her, why not him?  If they
could heal her bruises and scrapes, why not this?

     She didn't know exactly why she did it.  Far in the future she
would have regretted this moment, replaying the memory as a time where
she should have just walked away, if she had foreknowledge of what was
to come.  But at the time, it was right.  It felt right.

     It was the only thing she could have done.  Ryoko needed him back.
The gems glowed intensely, their light infusing the room with a
blood-red glow.  She watched carefully, and they seemed to flicker
in and out of existence for a minute, before rising and settling
into a steady float before Kagato's hands.

     Millimeter by millimeter, his charred fingers broke into particles
that disappeared as quickly as they shattered off his hands.  Ryoko
felt the gems impart their energy into him, filling him with their
healing power, her affinity with the gleaming orbs telling her that
they were restoring him with their boundless energy.  The power of the
gems fluctuated and increased as it gave, filling the air with a
translucent gossamer purity.

     Many slow minutes passed.  She watched as the gems slowly
transformed him, his hands and forearms slowly disappearing,
replaced with pure energy.  Sensing the gems' completion, she reached
out her hands to them, a proud smile on her face, as the gems gently
returned to their rightful place.  Ryoko sat back against her heels,
and waited for Kagato to awaken.


     Some hours later Kagato's eyelids flickered, and just beyond the
veil of his pale eyelashes, he could see Ryoko's knees pressed together
neatly, resting against the stone, the pale green fabric caked with
brown flakes of drying blood.  Kagato coughed weakly, a trickle of
blood seeping out of the corner of his mouth.  He vaguely remembered
something about an explosion, and not much else after that, but for a
whisper of a memory of warmth suffusing his body.

     Kagato opened his amber eyes.  Gods, his body hurt.  He felt
nauseously sick, and his arms tingled unbearably.  He tried to mentally
assess the damage, but it was beyond his current state of reasoning.
Dizzily, he forced himself up, leaning his weight on his right hand.
The stone beneath his fingertips felt odd, and he absently turned his
head to see what was the matter.

     The right hand was gone.  He turned his head.  So was the left.
Kagato blinked.

     "Well...that...explains why it feels..." Before he could finish
his sentence, he weakly slumped down again against the stone floor,
drained.

     Ryoko reached out to press her cool palm against the skin of his
cheek.  His eyes turned up toward her, half-focused.  She leaned close
to look at him concernedly; Ryo-ohki perched precariously on her head.
     "'s nice, Ry...oko...w- what happened?"

     "I was bad."  Ryoko said miserably, in a tiny voice.  "But I
helped fix it."

     "Good...girl.  Now go get...me the...medkit."  Kagato closed his
eyes wearily.





     Kagato never quite figured out the mystery of his new hands, at
least not to the extent that he would have preferred.  Prior to the
event, every inch of Souja had been covered in sensors, which
apparently all blew out at once when Ryoko threw her little tantrum.

     But it wasn't just his hands.  Something had happened to him,
something involving her gems.  His powers were increased manifold,
with attributes similar to hers.  The energy spectrums were so similar
that sometimes it almost felt as though he could feel the resonant
energy pulsing through the two of them, synchronizing and
re-synchronizing in a faintly asymmetrical, offbeat pattern.

     Kagato resolved to understand this power, and to learn how to
control it, not only within himself, but also within her.   If for
nothing, it would be for his own protection, so that there would be no
repeats of this incident.  But over time, as his desires and interests
changed their focus and became more intensely involved in the
acquisition of power, he fantasized about learning how to wield her
like a blade for his own purposes.  It became an all-consuming
obsession.

     As for Ryoko, she kept her questions to herself.  She never asked
him about her mother again.  Though sometimes, when she was alone,
in the dark, she would imagine warm arms around her, holding her close,
whispering to her that she was loved, that she was not alone.  But as
she grew older, she pushed those idle thoughts further from her mind.

     After all, she wasn't human.  And most importantly, she wasn't
her father's daughter.





Disclaimers and thanks: Characters belong to AIC and Pioneer. Thanks
to all those who should be thanked (you know who you are).  Without
your tireless support in convincing me to publish, I wouldn't be
covered in bruises.  Special thanks goes to Keener, for helping me
along when I first started writing, and encouraging me along.  Thanks
also goes to Mary, Cyrus, and SC (among the many others) who helped
preread, as well as Jeff Morris for letting me use his excellent
summary for this fic.

Author's notes: Well, I never thought I'd finish this.  It's been
like my own personal albatross for the last year or so.  HFD was the
first fic I ever attempted, and has gone through many, many drafts,
including the defunct original, "In the shadow of her father."  At
this moment, it's also the first fic I've ever finished (other than
some short one-shot spam fics). So there are many firsts in this one.
Hope you enjoyed it and thank you for reading.   I'll be off beating
myself into finishing some other things.  ^_-

Gratuitous plugs:
You can find me on #muyoff on dal.net.  Other fics I have are published
on fanfiction.net at http://www.fanfiction.net/profile.php?userid=119143
http://pub78.ezboard.com/bbishonenmuyo - Home of Sparkly Evil

Questions and comments can be sent to cori_ohki@hotmail.com

