I don't own nor will I take any responsibility for any of these characters,
except Tye. They belong to AIC and Pioneer.




                       Chapter Two: Hero's Love


<If you wanted to know my opinion in the matter at the time, I would of
told you the whole thing was ludicrus. I mean, wasn't it? Imagine having to 
endure a decision you make and see that mistake everytime you wake up in the 
morning. It's crazy I tell ya. Obviously Yosho didn't fully comprehend what 
he aroused even as he considered it, but it was still no excuse; bare in 
mind that Yosho knew everything he was doing, bad and good. It would be the 
same if he just gave someone permission to cause the spliting of the atoms! 
On the bright side of course, I must say that love did blossom at the Masaki 
household after that. I'll give him that much credit at the very least.>

-Washuu: log entry 120.237


They had just received the biggest news of the day: A new visitor had
arrived and would be there any minute now. Washuu carefully explained the 
situation to the rest of the girls and they were very accepting in the new 
move that was brought upon them.

"I already dropped him off in the forest area which was as far as my
transport beam would permit. Since this forest is really big, you will all 
have to split up and search for him so we can bring him back here." Washuu 
calmly explained to everyone. She gestured every one's attention towards a 
framed technology advanced device that resembled a fifty-cent piece. "Ladies 
and, uh, ladies, I present to you: Tye Masaki!"

The form of a young looking man hovered above the device and twirled around 
like a pre-programmed dancer; lifeless from the rest of the world. What 
followed was the interested faces as they automatically zoomed in on the 
figure, Washuu proudly holding out her captive for the world to see. The 
stringy dark haired person that was cousin to Tenchi stared at the girls 
without emotion from the device. The innocent gaze and sensitive, silky 
face; his skin coated with Mihoushi's blessing as they shared the same skin 
tone. His tall and straight-forward stance completed the finishing touch as 
the figure finally vanished.

"Wow, he's really handsome!" Sasami struck out a daydreamer's pose as she
imagined her finding Tye before any of the other girls.

The others shared their agreement, including Aeka and Ryoko, but only
because he resembled Tenchi in a way. Aeka couldn't get last night out of 
her mind and either could Ryoko.

Aeka poured out her heart into the open, something she never did before.
Ryoko on the other hand couldn't get the image of Tenchi's angry face as he 
yelled at her, her mind belittled, her heart torn. I mean, what did he care 
that she played a trick on Aeka to stop them from getting closer? She was 
the one who truly loved Tenchi, not Aeka. Ryoko was the one that was 
destined to be with him. She was the guardian of Tenchi's heart, not Aeka.

*It's bad enough Tenchi is sitting there taking Aeka's side, and now some 
other boy is going to take Tenchi's time from me as well!?* Ryoko was deep 
in thought. It was obvious Ryoko needed to find Tye first and lay down some 
ground rules.

"I will find Tye for Yosho, Washuu. I'll be right back!" Ryoko phased from 
visual contact.

Aeka knew Ryoko too long to know she was being helpful. "I'd better go as 
well just  in case Ryoko doesn't find Tye." Aeka walked into the depth's of 
the forest in search of the new arrival.

With this, Sasami and Mayuka followed suit in their own direction- eager to 
find the newcomer as well.

"Well...." Washuu looked on at Kiyone and Mihoushi. Of course the two police 
official's had rarely anything to do with the events that often took place 
at the Masaki household, but Washuu would at least think they would 
participate in this event.

With a shrug and a sigh from Kiyone, Mihoushi made a joyous cry and ran
toward the forest as Kiyone also went in her own direction. Washuu couldn't 
help but make a exclaiming laughter into the bright raise of the sun.
"Let the events begin!"


Friday, it just had to be friday. Of all the days in the world Tenchi had to 
come home. Of course, Tenchi looked worse then ever, filled with guilt for 
yelling at Ryoko and sorted emotions for finally knowing Aeka's true 
feelings. *Like I didn't already know* Tenchi had to say to himself. He 
could take the hint from the beginning, but could he accept it? What face 
did he see in front of him when he looked deep in his heart, who was the 
guardian of that sacred place? Aeka or Ryoko? Was it someone else? Now that 
he knew Aeka's true feelings, what method was left to use? The true question 
was, did he share Aeka's feelings? Of all the things he thought about on the 
walk home was how Ryoko would feel about all of this. Tenchi brushed his 
hair back with of wave of his hand, dismissing the feelings and emotions 
right where they had come about.

Suddenly Tenchi sensed something. Someone close. A friend yet a rival at the 
same time. A competitor yet a companion.. He recognized this person. Was it 
him? It had to be! He could sense him a mile away. Finally, someone to talk 
to, someone to share his feelings and past events with. He was the only one 
that would understand him now. He was the only option Tenchi had left.

Tenchi turned toward that sense and followed suit. He was going to find a 
way out of this one way or the other. "Get ready Tye, here I come!" Tenchi 
raced toward his destiny far beyond the next tree.

Mihoushi wandered through the forest taking gaze to everything as if she had 
seen it for the first time. She didn't look like she was looking for 
anything special, she was just hoping to take in the beautiful sites of the 
forest. The mild smells of bark lifted the air and the particles of dust 
filled every sunspot that a tree dared enough to gap apart to let light in.

She heard faint scraping sounds in the distance, as if someone was lightly 
trimming some tree bark with a tooth-pick. She followed that sound out of 
childish curiosity that so often overwhelmed her at times. The prize that 
awaited was a figure sitting against a tree positioned at the lake front, he 
appeared to be using a tool against a piece of paper as he often looked at 
the lake in front of him before continuing his work. He often would guide 
his hand across the side of his face to put his stringy bangs back casually 
when he tilted forward too much. He had an open white button-down flannel 
shirt that revealed a thin white muscle shirt underneath. He also had thin 
and baggy black pants that resembled the ones worn by Tenchi when he put on 
his gii, only the pant legs were less spread out. After a moment of thought, 
Mihoushi finally remembered who he was.

"Hello there! My name is Mihoushi! Are you the one we're looking for: Tye 
Masaki?" Mihoushi greeted the quiet guy laid back against the tree as she 
came in to get a closer look.

Tye turned to face the beautiful police officer in her casual wear. He
smiled passively as his thinly framed glasses shined in the mild sun;
resembling Yosho's glasses, Mihoushi recognized. He took the glasses off and 
positioned them neatly in his breast pocket. He slowly got up, revealing his 
tall and slender stature that was inches above Mihoushi as he greeted her in 
his soft and friendly tone.

"Hello there Ms. Mihoushi. Are you the one that transported me here?" Tye 
said as he looked on at Mihoushi with a welcoming smile.

Mihoushi closed her eyes with a smirk, "No, you must mean Washuu. You 
thought I could do something like that?" Mihoushi made a pleased face.

"I would think so Ms. Mihoushi. You can do anything you wanted to, anyone 
who tells you otherwise doesn't know any better." Tye explained.

"Well, I am an officer of the Galaxy Police Patrol. I have to go through a 
lot of work there and I share an apartment with my partner Kiyone, in fact, 
we only come here temporarily." Mihoushi confided.

Tye already had a deep admiration for the beautiful women in front of him. 
He smiled despite himself, "Well, I guess I should keep face and salute 
you," Tye told her plainly as her picked up his hand and saluted.

*Not bad for a civilian* Mihoushi mused. This time it was her
turn to smile, "At ease..."

"Now that that is taken care of, would you do me the honor of escorting me 
back?" Tye swung his hand to the side, pointing to the way which Mihoushi 
had arrived in with an open hand.

"I'd love to! It's my civil duty as an officer!" Mihoushi said rather
seriously.

She clung to his shoulder, leaning on him.With a gesture of her hand,
Mihoushi lead the way, head rested against Tye's shoulder as if she had
known him since they were kids. Tye felt the same way and didn't mind the 
move at all.

"What were you doing before I found you?" Mihoushi asked in a low purr as if 
she were falling asleep.

"I was drawing a picture of the lake front," Tye answered smartly, "it was 
so beautiful, I felt that I should capture it on paper. It's my hobby."

"Wow, your an artist?"

"As a matter of fact Ms. Mihoushi I am."

"Just call me Mihoushi please."

"It would be my pleasure......."


Tenchi was the last to arrive at the meeting spot in front of the forest 
entrance because he had shared in his own search. To his surprise, he didn't 
receive any greeting from Ryoko or Aeka, just as he had feared. This made 
him wonder even more about if he should figure out which one was in his 
heart, and what should he do afterward. Usually such ideas exited his mind 
as quickly as they had entered, but this one remained. Why? Maybe if he 
confronted the one who said she loved him? Yes, that had to work, it was the 
only way of clearing his mind once and for all. Of course, he would have to 
sacrifice feelings he couldn't contemplate just yet.

Tenchi sighed out every feeling and emotion that was in him as he finally 
would be relieved of every worry he had up until that point. "Finally Tye, 
your here again. Just when I needed you most, cousin." He looked up at the 
sky with a feeling of hope for the better.

The whole party turned at the sound of movement erupting from the forest, 
emerging from the shadows were Tye and Mihoushi arm in arm in a friendly 
cuddle, Mihoushi's head rested on Tye's accepting shoulder. This immediately 
surprised everyone and made Kiyone especially angry from this gesture. 
Already this strange man had put the moves on an inhabitant of the household 
and here was gullible Mihoushi probably swallowing every word this joker was 
saying! Mihoushi could play at least a LITTLE hard to get..........

"This is Tye everyone, I found him near the lake--" Mihoushi pointed out the 
obvious, but not before Kiyone grabbed Mihoushi away from Tye as if he was 
the scum of the earth, saying, "Come over here with me Mihoushi!"

Tye, shocked by the move, didn't say anything although he knew the
accidental first impression he gave off. He also didn't know how big the
welcoming committee would be. He didn't know what approach he should take
other then to change the subject and act like he didn't give off any
impression at all.

"We meet again Tenchi Masaki! What have you been up to all these years,
something you haven't told me?" He said with a heavy dose of sarcasm as he 
went to meet his old pal.

"Tenchi, why can't you just be mine and stop all of this." Ryoko said aloud 
as the two cousins shook hands. She had developed her "bad mood" ever since 
she heard of the guy coming here. She decided to have a personal feelings 
towards him based on what was going on around her and the situation she was 
in. This included having to share with another person, Tenchi holding a 
grudge against her, and Aeka being one step closer to Tenchi then she was- 
if that wasn't a way to set a bad mood, she didn't know what was.
"Is this guy a joke or what!?"

Aeka was more welcoming. She walked up to Tye along with everyone else
except Ryoko and introduced herself. "May you have a wonderful time here..." 
Aeka was saying to him. Inside she wished she had the nerve to tell Tenchi 
similar things.

"Let's give you a tour of the house!" Mayuka told Tye with the agreement
from everyone else in the house, save Ryoko and Kiyone. Kiyone was trying to 
tell Mihoushi the rules of womanhood and playing hard to get. Ryoko on the 
other hand, just blanked herself to what was going on and flew towards the 
roof as always.

As everyone departed and attached themselves to Tye, Tenchi saw his
opportunity to end his mental suffering and get everything straight once and 
for all. "Aeka, could you stay here for a few more minutes?" He defensively 
scratched his head with a nervousness he couldn't shake off. *I can do 
this,* Tenchi thought, *Tye is here now so there is no excuse, I have to 
talk to her!*

Aeka stopped in her tracks and turned around. Did she hear him correctly? 
Did he actually ask for a moment of time that she would gratefully spare any 
time of the day? Was he finally going to say what she had been anticipating 
her whole time at the Masaki household, the reason why she stayed there?
"Yes Tenchi?"

"Aeka, I want you to know-- I mean, last night, I heard everything you said. 
What you said about me. You said that you loved me Aeka." Tenchi swallowed. 
Aeka was frozen in place, still looking at him with those innocent eyes. 
Beautiful eyes. He walked towards her, placing his hands on her soft 
shoulders as their eyes met.

"You said you have always loved me, and wouldn't stop loving me." He looked 
deep into her eyes, he could see the tearing building up around them.

"No!" Aeka collapsed on her knees, cupping her face in her hands. She held 
back her inner most secret from him for so long. Now he had found out and 
the world around her came crashing down. It was over, there was nothing left 
to hide. No reason to hide. "Please forgive me lord Tenchi! I shouldn't have 
said that and I know it put you at a disposition-- I hope you won't think of 
me any less of a person because of what said--." Aeka cried.

Tenchi kneeled on the ground in front of her, his hand gently cupping her 
chin as he raised her face up to meet to to his. "Of course not....." Tenchi 
was softly wiping away the tears with his thumb.

"Oh Tenchi......." Aeka gave him a desperate hug. She felt the slight
message of the pats Tenchi gave her on her back, her head resting on his
shoulders. She backed off only enough to look into his eyes.
"Do you.......feel the same for me Tenchi?"

Tenchi looked at the ground from his kneeling position with an uneasiness in 
his voice. He had to say something, there was no holding back now. "I don't 
know my feelings Aeka. I can't seem to decide whose in my life right now and 
who I want to be in my life. In my heart I've never wanted to decide for 
fear that I might lose one of you. I want you both to be with me, mainly 
because I'm afraid of the outcome of either decision. But it doesn't work 
that way. I feel so willing and obligated at the same time." Tenchi 
confessed.

Their faces were brought closer to each other as Aeka whispered, "I was
afraid too. Afraid that I would finally tell you my feelings. Afraid that it 
wouldn't matter....."

Their eyes closed as they grew nearer.

"You don't have to be afraid, not any more Aeka."

They could feel the atmosphere of each others faces before them as they grew 
ever closer.

"Oh Tenchi, there is something inside of me that burns when I'm around you. 
A feeling I cannot describe. I've falling in love with you, and the
sensation in my heart grows stronger every time I think about you. Your the 
only one for me, Tenchi....."

"Aeka................."

"Kiss me, Tenchi."

"If you want......."

Their lips touched for the first time in their lives. So soft, so tender, so 
lovely. Time froze, hearts stopped, only life continued in the essence of 
bliss; love had finally surfaced. Aeka and Tenchi were finally together.

"Tenchi........" A female voice from above the two called out, her voice
altered by the utter sadness that surfaced upon seeing them.

Tenchi and Aeka looked up to see Ryoko hovering several feet above them. 
Tears filled her eyes as she witnessed the fear that reclined in the dark 
shadows of her mind; clouding her every moment like a nightmare. Daring to 
break free.

"Ryoko!" Tenchi called up in surprise.

Ryoko looked away, she couldn't bare to see his face. His lovely
compassionate face, the same face that had embraced another women as she
watched, taking in every horrible moment with disgust.

"Tenchi, I thought that I......that we......" Ryoko's eyes began to rapidly 
tear against her will. The sadness too overwhelming even for a strong willed 
person like her.

"Ryoko please, we didn't mean to--" Aeka tried to patch things up.

What once were beautiful and winsome eyes turned into flooded anger and
bloody rage. The cyan hair of the women above almost stood on end as the
crimson power enveloped her, static charges giving off a shock wave of pure 
energy that signified the anger of the wielder.

"Tenchi meant everything to me Aeka," Ryoko choked out distractedly as an 
energy bar formed between her palms, concentrating every mental thought into 
the work at hand.

"You took him away from me..." Ryoko kept on as the surrounding energy
became what was compared to a molten flame sprung from a lava pit.

Aeka looked up at the angry form of Ryoko covered by the red energy sphere 
that washed over her as it rippled and mixed with the air. Even from Aeka's 
stand point she could she her eyes; they no longer held the wit, charm and 
competitiveness it once was- it was now flushed with electric charges that 
swept over her eyes as she prepared for her vengeful assault. Perhaps it was 
a good day to die. Maybe it was fate or her common destiny, the kiss her and 
Tenchi shared was more than worth what lie ahead for her now. She prepared 
for the worst.

The sphere surrounding Ryoko gradually became smaller, just as the ball of 
energy in Ryoko's hand enlarged. It grew until it became a heap of mass 
destruction ten feet in diameter. Ryoko held the death ball over her head as 
she took one final look at the villain, the one who had committed the crime 
on trial; there was no remorse for the betraying weak.

"Now I have nothing! You will pay for my pain!" Ryoko cried out as she
released the ball with a heave-ho; throwing it with all of her might towards 
her adversary....


Sasami and Mayuka had just finished the tour and had joined Tye on the
couch, although they didn't quite comprehend why Tye was so blunt about not 
wanting to visit their room that they shared with Aeka. 'Invasion of
privacy', Tye had said. They didn't fully understand but they didn't mind 
either. Tye was also startled that a man like Tenchi had had a daughter, but 
was calm when he found out what the explanation was.

"So, what brings you here?" Sasami had to ask. Save Washuu and Yosho, the 
meaning to Tye's unexpected visit was hush-hush. She had to wonder if the 
guest himself would know anything more.

"I don't know much about it to tell the truth. Washuu contacted me from my 
boarding school quarters in the U.S. She told me that Yosho requested my 
presence and automatically transported me in the forest before I could say 
anything." Tye explained.

"That sounds like Washuu alright!" Mayuka shared a laugh with Tye and
Sasami.

Sasami broke it up by remembering it was time to start fixing dinner, a
special in Tye's honor. She was in the kitchen and making the preparations 
with the speed born into her from the constant routine of home making.

"Should I call you Uncle Tye?" Mayuka implied with a burst of glee that was 
uncanny to Tye.

"Not technically, but I'm not objecting if you would like to call me what 
you wish--" Tye was interrupted with feelings of being scared, angry, sad, 
shocked, and bewildered at the same time.

All of his feelings were a rush as he could feel the presence of a situation 
he was not in. He knew where the feelings were from and rushed to the 
occasion like he was told to do since the first day of his training with 
Tenchi. *You scratch my back, I scratch yours*

Mayuka was in the middle of saying she should call him Uncle Tye for the fun 
of it when she realized he wasn't there any more. Her eyes showed signs of 
confusion as she scanned the room to find only Sasami whistling in the 
kitchen as Washuu and Yosho arrived upstairs.

"I've trained them well." Yosho sipped his late afternoon tea with plain
emotion he so often showed.

"What's going on?" Mayuka had to ask, expecting the answer for Tye's
disappearance.

Washuu took up the spotlight, "Well it seems that Tye and Tenchi have
developed a kinship towards one another. The rivalry and friendship they
demonstrate developed a sixth sense of some kind. They can feel what each 
other is feeling and sense each others thoughts and ideas. Or in this 
case...." Washuu took a sip of her tea steadily as a shock wave boomed 
against the house as if on cue.

Mayuka was shocked and confused at first but suddenly got the idea. "When 
the other person is in danger!" She figured.

"Ummmmm hmmmmmm" Yosho sipped again as he overheard a feminine war cry in 
the background.

"You know what that means," Sasami called over her shoulder, "those two are 
at it again!"


Aeka had barely missed  the full force of the blast. She was knocked off of 
her feet as her back bear hugged the dusty pavement. She looked up briefly 
to see Ryoko rocketing towards her with her hilt-less red sword arched in a 
full battle position. Aeka saw those eyes and knew what they meant- she was 
going to punish Aeka no matter what the price, no matter what the outcome.

Aeka looked to the side to see Tenchi struggling to get up, his school
uniform carrying a fizzle mark on the back of it; the fact that he was 
beside her told the tale. He looked as if he had taken in most of the blast- 
was that why she escaped almost unscathed? Had Tenchi saved her? Whatever 
the case, Ryoko was following through to finish the job.

"You made me hurt Tenchi! Now your really asking for it, Aeka!" Ryoko
swooped in for the kill. It would all be over soon...

Aeka closed her eyes.

She felt a soft grip almost lift her in the air as she felt her body move 
further to the side. Strange, there was no pain. She held in her fear for 
the worst and reopened her eyes. Tye was standing over her, looking up at 
Ryoko plainly as he awaited her next move.

"You, you dare interfere!? You will be share Aeka's fate!" Ryoko swooped in 
on him like a hawk to it's prey.

"Please, I don't know what this is about but I know that we can stop and--" 
Tye couldn't even finish his sentence as he casually ducked under the clean 
swipe.

Ryoko was using her best tactics as she would swing here and slash there, 
rushing angrily at Tye with a new lust for blood.

Tye was simply using a small portion of his tactics. He would evade to the 
left and right and even somersaulted backwards on one occasion to evade the 
angry women that charged at him. Finally, Tye was knocked on his back by a 
sphere of energy that emulated from Ryoko's hand. Tye was more or less 
surprised by this- he knew about the Tenchi-ken and thus Ryoko's hilt-less 
sword didn't faze him as shocking, but this new technique caught him by 
surprise.

Ryoko stood over the fallen fighter, a look of pleasure on her face. She
knew Tye was holding back nearly all of his skills considering he was
Tenchi's cousin and she had seen him in action avoiding chances to strike 
her when he could have  taken her down. Taking this into light, she was able 
to get him with her fire ball and down him. Now she was preparing another 
volley of her energy spheres as she discarded her hilt-less sword and formed 
a giant ball similar to the one she had thrown at Aeka.

"Now I can rid myself of this pain," She regarded Tye as he look up at her, 
knowing his fate. "I'm sorry you had to be sacrificed in the process, but I 
have no other choice. You shouldn't have interfered." She scolded as she 
prepared her final assault, lifting the ball of hot fury ten feet in 
diameter.

"Please stop this Ryoko!" Aeka pleaded as she kneeled to Tenchi's aid. She 
was hoping that Tye could stop her or buy some time for Tenchi to recover- 
both unsuccessful.

Ryoko whirled on her new target, the rightful one to inflict damage upon.

*Aeka, the one who started this pain inside me, the one who tries to take 
away what is rightfully mine. And she has the nerve to stand near Tenchi in 
front of me! She will pay for this!* Ryoko considered as she leapt through 
the air, landing right in front of Aeka at point-blank range.

"This is your punishment for making it harder for people like me who deserve 
people like Tenchi. Die, Aeka!" Ryoko prepared to let go of the energy ball 
when she realized she was aimed directly for another target.

Tenchi stood there in front of Aeka, arms stretched out as he guarded her. 
Ryoko was caught by surprise and instinctively took her focus off of the 
sphere over her head and in turn it disappeared. She suddenly looked 
apologetic as she faced the very person in which she had fought to protect. 
Protecting the relationship that they might still have left.

"Tenchi I..........." Ryoko tried to find the words as all of the anger and 
hatred left her.

Tenchi wasn't about to sympathize with her. "I want you to stop this
foolishness at once! What were you trying to do? Kill Aeka and my cousin who 
has done nothing wrong?"  Tenchi flared up, "What are you thinking? That by 
stopping me and Aeka from expressing our means of friendship and caring for 
one another that I'm gonna come running to your arms? Did you think that 
playing tricks on her would even up the point list that you have with me? 
Well let me tell ya, that point list between you and me barely even exists!" 
Tenchi was near yelling.

Tye had gotten up by now and was feeling Tenchi was being too hard on Ryoko. 
Even though he barely knew her, the sixth sense he had with Tenchi took 
hold. He didn't share the emotions Tenchi was expressing at all, although he 
would have a good reason to.

Aeka as well. So much in fact that she almost regretted kissing Tenchi- it 
wasn't worth this.

Yosho, Washuu and the others had also came out to see what was going on. 
Even Sasami left her post to check it out. They too felt sorry for Ryoko 
although they had witnessed practically the whole thing. They couldn't 
believe Tenchi still didn't realize by now his feelings for Ryoko. His 
feelings for both of them.

Tenchi kept on, "Me and Aeka kissed, so what? Deal with it. And if the
future we express ourselves again, you have no part of it, got it? Just stay 
out of my life and let me decide what's best for me!" Tenchi exploded, 
everything he was feeling coming out. Coming out the wrong way.

Ryoko was fighting back tears as she kept her head facing the ground. She 
couldn't believe what she was hearing and refused to think Tenchi was saying 
this. She looked up once again and stared into his face, her eyes filling up 
with tears by the second. She had to say it once and for all.

"What do you want from me, Tenchi?" Ryoko asked softly, almost whispering to 
Tenchi through the crisp air above.

Tenchi sneered as he stared right back into her eyes. "I want you out of my 
life!" Tenchi spat before he realized what exactly he was saying.

Tenchi saw the tears slowly flood to the ground, they all did. Tenchi didn't 
mean a word he said, and he regretted every minute of it. He didn't know 
what came over him, and it sickened him to know that the deeper he hid his 
feelings, the more he would express- even in ways he didn't want.

"Ryoko I didn't mean that, I........" Tenchi started.

"Whatever you want Tenchi. I thought that we had something but I realize now 
that it never existed. Good bye Tenchi." Ryoko said slowly as she gradually 
flew up into the air, not bothering to look back- not bothering to look at 
him. She flew off into the sky above, leaving what was once her dying love 
behind.

How was she foolish enough to think that she was worthy of Tenchi? Her up 
against a women like Aeka? The choice was so clear. She didn't deserve 
Tenchi Masaki. Tenchi had made the right choice. Aeka was the one he truly 
saw in his heart. Not her, never her.

"Ryoko wait!" Tenchi reached his hand into the air, reaching out to the
clear blue sky in desperation to reclaim a lost love. "Ryyyyyyoookkkkooo!"


"Please, will you go and talk to him Tye?" Sasami put on a puppy-dog face as 
she looked on at the handsome boy before him. "He won't even come down to 
eat his dinner."

Tye fiddled with his beautifully tanned rice in shame. He sure didn't feel 
like he was special and he couldn't bring himself to tap into his cousins' 
feelings. He was certain that the events were connected to him being there, 
he could feel it. He sighed as he remembered what Ryoko had said earlier to 
him in the depths of her rage, it had really hit home. How could he make 
things right? He considered what Sasami had said now as he looked up at her 
with a look of negativity.
"I don't think any words of mine could heal the hurt of Tenchi in the
condition that he's in."

Aeka took the opportunity to step in. She too regretted the events that
occurred and wanted to set them right once again.
"Please Tye, I know that it would help Tenchi if you talked to him. At this 
point, it seems that you are closest to him and it would really be good for 
him that you gave this a try." Aeka said in her sweet and sensitive tone. 
She was one of the few who always wanted what was best for Tenchi and had 
truly cared about his feelings. She couldn't bare to see Tenchi going on 
like this. It became clear to her that Ryoko was a keen part in Tenchi's 
life. They both were.

Tye reconsidered this new information. He was in a debt to set things right. 
He didn't want to do it but understood that it would help him to rid himself 
of his own problems as well as help out his cousin. More than his cousin.
"Alright, I'll see what I can do."

"Yayyyyy!" Mayuka shouted as she jumped on Tye's chest, overflowed with joy.

Tye grinned, "Well, I can't help if I wrapped up in something already."


Tenchi cradled his head in his hands, all of which were clasped against his 
knees. He felt like bawling right then and there as he sat on his bed, 
looking down at the floor between his knees. He couldn't go downstairs and 
eat without having to deal with all of the faces looking at him; disgusted 
at the feelings that he had shown for Ryoko. The wrong feelings he had shown 
for Ryoko. Even as he thought about it he couldn't understand what he had 
said, or even why he said it. He looked deep within himself and tried to 
find the one he saw in his heart. The guardian of his heart, the keeper of 
his soul. An imaged formed. He could see a figured dancing across the 
darkness with a laugh that lighted him up and strengthened him- the figure 
of his beautiful
mother. She stood there looking straight ahead as another figure took up the 
rear as she appeared from the darkness, putting a hand on his mother's 
shoulder with a laugh. The figure formed into the image of the one which he 
loved; the answer was soon to come.....

"What's up Tenchi, planning to hang in the room all day?" Tye entered the 
room in which Tenchi would share with him.

Tenchi looked up to see the welcoming face before him. "Sorry I couldn't
come downstairs, I have a lot on my mind."

Tye chuckled, "As if I don't know that!"

Tenchi laughed at that. It was true, both Tenchi and Tye could sense each 
others feelings and even knew what the other was thinking at times. Tenchi 
looked up at his long awaited cousin which he confided in.

"I wish so much to know my true feelings for them. I wish I knew who I loved 
more, I can't decide what's right for me. It's probably better this way." 
Tenchi turned away from his cousin, looking out the window.

Tye shook his head, "I don't think so, and you don't either," Tye reached 
out and put a hand on Tenchi's shoulder as he continued, "I know why your at 
a standstill and no one here blames you. But until you make your choice you 
must make bonds with what could be your potential choice. If not, the choice 
is made for you." Tye finished.

Tenchi turned on him, "But I'm afraid--"

Tye interrupted, "I know, but you have to make the starting point now. You 
have to do this for the ones which you love, for the one you will choose in 
time."

Tenchi nodded his head with a smile, grateful that he finally had someone in 
which to turn to.

"Tye, you already know which one don't you? The one I will end up with?"

Tye turned away, facing the door. "I won't lie to you. I do know the one in 
which you truly care for. You don't realize it because your mind is clouded, 
but I can't really be sure nor can I make the choice for you. You must 
figure out this one on your own"

Tenchi had to laugh, "Grandfather always said you were the wise one."

Tye turned to face him, "That's because you were too busy practicing your 
spars out back so you could beat me!"


Mihoushi and Kiyone heard the footsteps pass by the bath house and
automatically knew Tenchi was going to search for Ryoko and patch things up; 
the same old thing that always happened. But this time they barely noticed 
as they argued with each other.

"I'm telling you Kiyone, Tye is not what you think he is," Mihoushi turned 
to Kiyone from he position on the lawn chair, "he's a really nice guy!"

Kiyone only re-positioned her sunglasses in comment to that. She just didn't 
understand why Mihoushi would fall all over every guy that would spare the 
time to talk to her. She was angry at Mihoushi always buying the same old 
lines until the point where she felt sorry for her when she got dumped. It 
sickened her to she Mihoushi used and abused time and again. It was finally 
time for Kiyone to step in and decide what was best for Mihoushi.
"Yeah, like all of the others that were really nice guys and used you until 
they didn't need you any more. You have to stop being gullible and realize 
that Tye is just like all of the others!"

Mihoushi made a beggars pose, "Please, can't you understand that this is 
different. Tye is better than that, I feel it's different this time Kiyone!"

Kiyone had had enough. She raised up for her lawn chair and leaned over
Mihoushi like a punishing mother. She burned into Mihoushi with an attitude 
like acid, "Look, why don't you grow up and understand what your getting 
into. This isn't puppy-love, this is the real world!"

This time it was Mihoushi's turn to get angry, "Listen Kiyone, I know that 
I'm not the smartest person in the world and I'm sure you and the others 
look at me like some sort of ditz, but listen up: I can make my own 
decisions and the outcome doesn't concern you!" Mihoushi voice was near 
heart-broken.

She eased up, looking at Kiyone as she put on a winners pose, "I know that 
he is the right one, something inside of me is telling me so; I can feel it 
Kiyone. He won't turn on me like the others, and I will prove it to you!"

Kiyone merely caught a glimpse of Mihoushi as she looked up to the clouds, 
already lost in herself. This was what she had feared. "We shall see, 
Mihoushi."

As if on cue, Tye entered the bath house accidentally. He was a bit 
flustered at first but was happy that no one was bathing at the moment.

"Hello Mihoushi. How do you do, Kiyone." Tye bowed his head in greeting.

Mihoushi returned the greeting as Kiyone merely snorted at him. Tye seemed 
to be caught off guard, but then remembered everything and apologized.

"I'm really sorry about the way I had acted towards Mihoushi, Kiyone. I
didn't mean to give off that first impression of myself, I was only trying 
to be friendly." Tye faced Kiyone.

Kiyone turned away, still not convinced of Tye's innocence.

"Don't mind her Tye, she's just grumpy." Mihoushi jumped up and gave Tye a 
funny giggle, "You and me on the other hand have a date today." Mihoushi 
said with a wink.

"Huh?" Tye was taken completely off guard. *How fast was that!*

"I know you probably have other things to, so I'm giving you until sunset to 
meet me at the spot that we first met at!" Mihoushi was explaining to a 
confused Tye.

Tye looked up at the sky. He had little more than an hour before then. He 
couldn't help Tenchi look for Ryoko and go to his date at the same time, 
especially considering the position he was in. He was responsible for Ryoko 
as Tenchi's cousin, but the fling with Kiyone and Mihoushi proved that this 
was all part of some personal test to prove Kiyone wrong on Mihoushi's part. 
If he were to back down, Kiyone would continue to think he was just another 
guy. He was beginning to like Mihoushi, and he wished that something could 
happen between them later on in the future. It was a no win situation: 
betray Tenchi as his cousin, or crush his newly found friendship with 
Mihoushi.

"Mihoushi I--" Tye started, but Mihoushi put her index finger to his lips, 
silencing him.

"I'm gonna go get ready, ok? See ya later!" Mihoushi walked off. She turned 
to face Tye one more time with a romantic wink, "Get your pencil and paper 
ready!"

Tye could only shrug. He had no choice, he was bound to the date.
"I guess I should go get ready as well." Tye walked past Kiyone, heading for 
the exit.

"Oh, and Tye," Kiyone called out.

"Yes Kiyone?" Tye asked.

Kiyone pulled down her sunglasses far enough for her eyes to burn into his, 
"You'd better not screw this up."


*Where is she?* Tenchi looked around each tree in search for the lost Ryoko. 
"Please Ryoko, tell me where you are!" Tenchi called out to no avail.  *Tye 
could make this a lot easier* Tenchi thought.

When it came to Tye, his technique to going around places was like Ryoko's 
phasing and flying.

Tenchi looked up at the sky, "I only hope Tye will choose to participate."


Tye was just about to enter the house when Washuu stood before him, blocking 
his entrance.

"Something you want Washuu? I was trying to get ready for a date." Tye
explained rather tiredly.

Washuu shook her head, "If I'm not mistaken Tye, you are in debt to us for 
reasons you cannot comprehend as of yet." Washuu walked straight up to Tye 
in a professional matter, "I wouldn't be out of line if I would say that 
Ryoko is my daughter, and if anything happens to break her heart that could 
have  been avoided I will be very displeased," Washuu made a devilish smirk, 
"so you understand the consequences for not participating in helping the 
Masaki household. I am a scientist above her time and I am quite capable of 
dealing with different situations that cause for my action." Washuu 
explained.

By now, Tye was intimidated. If anything did happen, he could have  easily
handled anything Washuu could dish out with his skills, but he decided to
humor her. "I get the picture Ms. Washuu, I'll go find Ryoko."

Washuu gave out a wide grin, "I'm glad you understand." then she couldn't 
contain her emotions and gave out a madly intense laugh into the sky above, 
causing Tye to make a run for it.


Tye was hopping from tree to tree, taking seconds at a time to look for any 
sign of movement. He arrived at a clearing in the forest, the sound of 
slight moaning and the chorus of tear drops the only guidance. With one 
final summersault, Tye landed right in front of Ryoko.

"Wha.....what do you want!" Ryoko managed to keep face despite the pain and 
suffering  in her voice. She turned away from him, quickly wiping away the 
tears from her face so as not to show her feelings to one that she hated so 
much.

"I know that I must be bad news to you. I'm sorry that I caused you to hurt 
so much Ryoko, but I only want the best things for my cousin and his loved 
ones." Tye almost whispered in his most sincere tone.

Ryoko whirled on him, "Damn you! You don't know the first thing about my
pain, Tye. Having to go about your everyday life worrying about if the one 
you love might want someone else. Having to watch them be together, and you 
couldn't help but wish that you were in their place. Having to just shut up 
and hide your feelings while you see them together, kissing each other."

Ryoko laid her forehead against the tree next to her, "Then you know once 
and for all that it's over, and you didn't stand a chance." Ryoko started 
crying once again.

"No words of mine can comfort you Ryoko," Tye stepped aside to let the
shadowy figure come into view, "but maybe his words can."

Ryoko turned around in surprise to see Tenchi's warm smile and handsome
face. She couldn't believe her eyes as he walked up to her with an angels 
touch.

"Hello Ryoko." Tenchi stopped directly in front of the cyan haired beauty.

"Tenchi...." Was all she managed to say. She wished she could say so much 
more to him.

"I know," Tenchi looked into her eyes, "it was hard for you to endure what 
you did, and I would think that anyone would've wanted to react that way in 
your position." Tenchi turned away from her, the gaze too compelling to 
bare, "Ryoko, I do love you, but.........."

"But you love Aeka." Ryoko finished.

"Can you forgive me? I honestly cannot decide between you two right now. I 
know that my feelings are there but I just can't see them, I don't want to 
see them. It would hurt you two too much...." Tenchi suddenly felt uneasy. 
He was finally telling the true meaning of his feelings.

Ryoko but a loving hand on his shoulder, "But you've already made your
decision, Tenchi. I see that now. That was what I was crying about- the
relief of finally knowing the truth and this finally being over once and for 
all."

Tenchi turned to face her once again, "But I still don't know which one of 
you I choose. It's still unclear to me--"

"I don't know either, but we will see it in time," Ryoko smiled, "but know 
this: whatever your decision, I will always be beside you and will never 
stop loving you." A tear drops flooded Ryoko's eyes.

Tenchi's eyes were equally watery. "Thank you, Ryoko. I feel the same way 
you do."

They both embraced in a loving hug. Tears slowly washed down their cheek, 
Ryoko cradling Tenchi in her bosom as they both let their emotions out. All 
the tension, the pain, the hardships- it was finally leaving them to make 
way for new and better memories.

Tye was equally happy at the current event. He looked up at the sky
instinctively and the happiness came to a halt as it came back to him. He 
still had to get to Mihoushi. He silently left the two at peace.


Mihoushi had just finished crying her heart out when she had decided to
leave. She looked up at the sky- the sun had nearly finished setting. An
orange-red lining above the hills spread across it's magic, revealing some 
of the stars above. Kiyone was right, he was just like all of the others, 
only out to use her to a point in which he saw fit. How could she have been 
so stupid to think that he was any different from the rest? She walked 
toward the house in sheer rage at the extent of her stupidity.

"Mihoushi!" Tye jumped in front her.

Mihoushi's appearance was stunning. She had wanted to make the occasion
special, ironically enough, an occasion that was proclaimed as Tye being the 
only man that wasn't a jerk. She had dressed especially for him.

She was wearing a tightly fitting, silk multi-decorated brown dress with a 
slit on the side, a similar made scarf around each shoulder. She was wearing 
pearl earrings and short high-heel shoes to match, and had even done her 
hair; two blond curls out front reaching down the sides of her face as a 
pony tail completed the back, arching over her head and extending past her 
shoulders.

"I don't want to talk to you, Tye." Mihoushi said plainly as she walked past 
him in disgust.

Tye softly grabbed her arm, "Please wait."

She turned on him, "Let go of me you jerk! Your just like all of the other 
men!" Mihoushi snatched her hand back. Regarding him, she huffed, "And you 
didn't even take the time to dress for the occasion. How could you!"

Tye tried to calm her down, "Let me explain--"

Mihoushi interrupted him, "Explain this: I went through a lot of trouble
getting ready for this, it was a perfect day so I thought we could take a 
walk, after that, I wanted you to draw a portrait of me to mark the
occasion! All for what, Tye? For you to just abandon me? You make me sick!" 
She began to walk away again.

Tye looked at the ground, "Mihoushi, you've been through so much hurt that 
you were forced to hide it and act like nothing was wrong. I know you've 
been disrespected in the past, but I'm not that kind of guy. Please, don't 
leave me yet Mihoushi, not when haven't had a chance to know what true 
friendship is. A true relationship, a true love."

Mihoushi was in tears again. She clung onto him, holding onto his chest,
"Oh, why do you make it impossible for me to hate you! I hate you, I hate 
you, I hate you, I hate you!" she was pounding on his chest as she cried.

"Because I want you Mihoushi...." Tye whispered.

Mihoushi held onto him, looking into his warm and dark eyes through tears, 
"Why? Why do you want me!?"

He returned the gaze, "Because you need me, and I need you."

They both embraced each other with a passion that wasn't there before.
Clearly it wasn't going to be easy for either of them, but it was worth a 
try on both parts.

"Let's start over ok?" Tye held her close, making her apart of his world.

Mihoushi nodded her head, almost asleep in the peace that was only theirs to 
share.


A mysterious figure dressed in a highly decorated robe looked at the screen 
in utter disgust. He was very displeased at the image of Tye embracing with 
that woman. He turned away from the sickening image and faced his master, 
Kain-Two.

Kain-Two resembled a metallic techno spider that was in suspended animation 
in a blue liquid tank. His face was a white mask that resembled a clown.

*Report?* Kain-Two telepathically relayed to his most loyal subject,
High-Priest Genumai.

Genumai was a tall and round being with a small rounded head that had gray 
strands poking out all over his head.

Genumai straightened up, "It seems that we have found him, Kain-Two. He is 
currently at the Masaki household with his biological cousin, Tenchi."

*It sickens me to know that he is linked with such an enemy. No matter, we 
shall proceed as planned.* Kain-Two relayed.

Genumai nodded, "Since he has developed emotions and feelings, it totally 
blocked out the part that is linked to us by relation of blood. Now we must 
manually introduce him to our side so he can do our bidding. After that, all 
we need is the Jurian princess to complete the process.

Kain-Two nodded, *Once I have those two, my power will grow massively, and I 
will be able to summon back my link, Kain, who was destroyed by the Masaki 
bloodline! Once we are united, we will smite all worlds and control the 
galaxy!*


Aeka was out retrieving Mayuka and Sasami, their playfulness sometimes made 
them forget when it was time to come into the house.

"C'mon inside Ryo-ohki," Sasami picked up the little cabbit as she raced
towards the house.

"Maya! Maya!" Was all Aeka heard as they trotted inside the Masaki household 
with Mayuka taking the rear.

Aeka had followed suit and was about to go upstairs when she had heard a
noise outside. The door was closed, so she looked towards the kitchen
window; it was open. Looking out, she saw Tenchi and Ryoko walking arm in 
arm towards the house.


"I just want you to know Ryoko, You will always be in my heart." Tenchi
smiled at the beautiful woman next to him.

"Tenchi......" Ryoko started.

"Yeah?" Tenchi turned to her.

"Shut-up and kiss me...." Ryoko took his face to hers, pressing her lips
against his.

Tenchi was caught off guard, his eyes wide with surprise. But what did it 
matter now? It was time to finally start following his heart. He returned 
the kiss.


Tears clampered against the kitchen sink, a silent cry through the window, 
the pain against the heart.

"No..." Aeka moaned as her face lay glued against the scene before her. The 
faces of Ryoko and Tenchi locked, sucking into each others lust. A pain that 
was to hard to bare. "This can't be true Tenchi, your in love with 
me......."



I hoped you enjoyed my story. This is my first dedicated saga that I have 
written, so I guess I can say these are my first true stories. Any C&C are 
greatly appreciated and I hoped you'll stay tuned for my next ones in the 
future. With this story, I'm trying to accomplish the act of a involving 
plot that has to do with everyone in the Tenchi Universe, so each one has a 
role for everyone. Stay tuned for "Chapter three- Showdown" in the Hero of 
my Heart saga. A special thanks to all my fans and to Gensao for taking this 
into consideration. Don't worry about anything Gensao, I got your back! 
C'yall later!