House full of Ohkis
--------------------
A Tenchy Muyo fan-fic (mostly) by Max Raven ('Vin-Ohki' ^_^)
(Ok, so my real name isn앖 Max Raven, it압 Vincent M. Eskilsson)
Co-Writer John (playing the role of 'God' in this fanfic) 

Disclaimer: 
"Tenchi Muyo!" and it압 characters are the property of AIC and Pioneer.
My strange ideas have nothing to do with it... And please don앖 sue me (please?).

--------------------
It was a lovely morning at Masaki household And Sas Ohki was making 
breakfast as usual. Ten Ohki entered the kitchen, and sleepily asked Sas Ohki:
"What압 for breakfast?" 
Sas Ohki quickly replied:
"Meow! ...I mean carrot soup."
"Mmmmm. I앐 starving."
Ten Ohki suddenly noticed that his ears were a bit longer than usual, and 
that he had a disturbing bunny tail. Some other things Ten Ohki noticed was
that his whole body was covered with fur and that he was a bit shorter than
usual. 
He looked at Sas Ohki and realized that they had been turned into cabbits!
"Is it just me... Or...?" Ten Ohki started.
"Yes, we았e been turned into cabbits. Isn앖 it cute?" Sas Ohki said with a smile.
"Uhhh... Really cute but..." Ten Ohki didn앖 get time to finish the sentence 
before Ay Ohki entered.
"Ten Ohki, is it just me, or have you turned into a cabbit?" Ay Ohki asked.
Ten Ohki looked towards Ay Ohki.
"It looks like you았e turned into a cabbit too Ay Ohki..." 
Ay Ohki noticed that she HAD turned into a cabbit, and, more importantly,
wasn앖 wearing any clothes.
"Please excuse me." Ay Ohki said as she started running up the stairs to get some clothes.

Ryo Ohki entered the room with Ken Ohki, both being starved and wanting breakfast.
"Meow! Ninjin!" Ryo Ohki said, nodding towards the stove.
"Breakfast will be ready any moment now." Sas Ohki said to Ryo Ohki.
"Tenchiiii, Ohayo darling!" Ryoko압 voice sweetly called.
A cyan coloured cabbit suddenly materialised.
"Hmm, I thought Tenchi was here, I heard his voice from upstairs."
"Uhm, I앐 right here" Ten Ohki replied.
"Uh? But youre a cabbit?"
"So are you."
Ryo Ohki looked at herself and noticed her cyan fur.
"WHY am I a cabbit!?"
"Uhhh, good morning Ryo Ohki..." Ten Ohki answered, avoiding the question.
"Meow!" Ryo Ohki answered Ten Ohki.
"He was talking to me." Ryo Ohki told Ryo Ohki.
"Meow!" Ryo Ohki answered Ryo Ohki.
Ryo Ohki quickly turned towards Ten Ohki for support.
"You were talking to me, wasn앖 you?" 
Ten Ohki, having a hard time figuring out which one of the Ryo Ohki's he HAD been talking to,
didn앖 really know what to answer.
"Uhhhh..." He begun.

Ten Ohki was saved in the last minute by Wash Ohki entering the room.
"What are you two arguing about?" she asked the two Ryo Ohki's.
Ryo Ohki, busy fighting with Ryo Ohki, didn앖 hear what Wash Ohki said.
"It was me Ten Ohki said good morning to!", Ryo Ohki yelled at Ryo Ohki
"Meow!" Ryo Ohki yelled back.
"No need to fight Ryo Ohki and Ryo Ohki. Of course he said good morning to both of you."
Wash Ohki told them.
(At the same time Mihosh Ohki entered the kitchen, leaned over the stove, and asked Sas Ohki:
"What압 for breakfast?")
"Right Ten Ohki?"
"Uhhh... Right." Ten Ohki quickly said.
(In the background, a large noise was heard from the stove)
The two Ryo Ohki's stopped fighting.
"I앐 sorry Ryo Ohki." Ryo Ohki said to Ryo Ohki
"Meow." Ryo Ohki answered.
"Now we need to stop all this confusion." Wash Ohki said.

After a short and tiring discussion Ryo Ohki agreed to be called Ry Ohki.
"Fine, I앏l be called Ry Ohki then. What압 for breakfast?" Ry Ohki asked Sas Ohki.
"Carrot sallad" Sas Ohki replied.
"You told me it was carrot soup!" Ten Ohki said, surprised over the sudden change of menu.
"It was, but Mihosh Ohki spilled all the water out."
"Oh."
Mihosh Ohki, finished mopping up the water, came over to the table and sat down.
"Aren앖 you going to put that away?" Wash Ohki asked, pointing at the mop.
"Oh, whoops." Mihosh Ohki replied.
Mihosh Ohki turned around, accidentaly swatting Ry Ohki in the face with the back of the mop.
"Hey, you just swatted me in the face with that mop. That water압 hot!"
"Yeah I know, it just came from the stove..." Mihosh Ohki suddenly saw 
the look in Ry Ohki압 face.
"Oh, I앐 sorry Ry Ohki..." Mihosh Ohki said.
Ry Ohki brushed away the water from her face.
Mihosh Ohki started walking towards a bucket situated further away in the kitchen.
Ry Ohki fired some energy blasts towards Mihosh Ohki, but just as the blasts were about hit, 
Mihosh Ohki climbed into the bucket and started pulling the mop up into the bucket.
(Well, what did you expect, she압 a cabbit, she압 small.)
The mop, as we know it, was totally pulverized.
"Why did you do that? That was a really good mop!" Mihosh Ohki said.
Kiyo Ohki entered the room, when she suddenly saw her paws. She quickly turned towards 
Mihosh Ohki.
"Mihosh Ohki!" Kiyo Ohki yelled at her.
"What? I haven앖 done anything." Mihosh Ohki answered.
"You sure it isn't your fault?"
"Pretty sure... I just remember waking up like this."
"Hmm... Guess not all problems lead to Mihosh Ohki."
Ay Ohki entered the room, dressed in a tiny kimono.
"Where did you get THAT from, your highness?." Ry Ohki said to Ay Ohki in a teasing tone.
"At least I앐 properly dressed!" Ay Ohki replied.
"Ridiculous. Were cabbits! We don앖 need clothes!" 
"Maybe _you_ don앖."
"Where did you get that tiny kimono anyway?" Mihosh Ohki asked Ay Ohki.
"It압 the one you shrunk in the laundry." Ay Ohki answered.
"Oh, that one. I thought you threw it away."
"As you can see, I didn앖."
"She uses it when she plays with her dolls." Ry Ohki told Mihosh Ohki.
"I DO NOT play with DOLLS!"
"Then why did you keep it?"
"Why throw a perfectly fine kimono away?"
"You were hoping Sas Ohki to use it when she got big enough?"
"No, but Wash Ohki told me she could fix it!"
"Sure... You DO use it when you play with dolls, don앖 you? Come on, confess!"
"As a matter of fact, I did promise to resize the kimono back to normal" Wash Ohki said.
Everybody went silent as Sas Ohki served them breakfast.

"Hey, where압 Yosho anyway?" Sas Ohki asked.
"Probably taking a bath." Ten Ohki said.
Nobu Ohki entered with a very troubled look in his face.
"What is it dad?" Ten Ohki asked him.
"Haven앖 you noticed!? We았e all been turned into cabbits!"
"Yeah, so?"
"So? Don앖 you get it? My peeping days are over! How is a cabbit supposed to be able to climb 
a fence? Where could a cabbit possibly hide?"
"In a dirty laundry basket."
"Well, that압 true... Uhh... I앏l get back to you soon."
Nobu Ohki swallowed a carrot and ran off.

"Why did you give him that idea?!" Everyone asked Ten Ohki.
"Uhh, just trying to be helpful."
Yosh Ohki entered the room looking like a normal old cabbit would look. 
Since he had been awake for long time he had gotten over the shock of being a cabbit, 
and had mentally prepared himself to find the as such as well.
"Excuse me grandpa..." Ten Ohki slowly began.
"Yes, Ten Ohki?" Yosh Ohki answered.
"Well, we았e all been turned into cabbits. You know, it is kind of kawaii and such, but... 
We can't go on like this! We got to turn back into humans again! What if I have to go to school
like this!!! How will we get money if Nobu Ohki can't get to work?! Don't you know any 
ancient Juraian ritual or something that can turn us back to normal?!?"
"I'm sorry Ten Ohki, but I have no idea on how to turn us back. 
But there's one thing we must do..."
"What, grandpa?"
"First, we need to triple our carrot fields, at least!"
Ten Ohki got a chocked look on his face and fainted.
"What압 wrong with Ten Ohki, is he sick?"
The other got the same sort of look on their faces, and also fainted.
"Is it some sort of flu?" Yosh Ohki asked, but noone heard him.
Yosh Ohki sat down and ate his carrot salad. 
Then he turned around and left the room.

Ten minutes later, Ten Ohki came to.
"Ohh, what happened?"
Slowly the other regained consciousnes and they continued with their breakfast.
"I았e been thinking." Kiyo Ohki said after a while.
"Could you have turned us into cabbits Wash Ohki?"
"Of course." Wash ohki replied.
"Did you."
"No." 
"Ok..."
"If you could turn us into cabbits, can앖 you turn us back into normal?" Ten Ohki asked.
"Well, I could... But then I would need a genetic manipulator, 
full genestructure information..."
Washu went on with the list for 5 minutes, until she was suddenly interrupted.

Nagi entered the kitchen, and started to search for something.
"I was going to kill Ryoko, but it appears as she isn앖 here." Nagi said.
She suddenly glanced towards the table.
"Wow, that압 a lot of cabbits! Is that scum Ryoko breeding a fleet or something?"
Nagi noticed Ken ohki sitting in a corner of the table, eating some carrot sallad.
"Ken Ohki, where have you been? I았e been looking all over for you!"
"Miyaaa!" Ken Ohki said.
"What do you need Ken Ohki for?" Ay Ohki asked.
Meanwhile Ry Ohki started to summon energy under the table.
"Well, he IS my spaceship!"
"Can앖 you fly by yourself?"
"I앐 no cabbit! I can앖 turn into a spacesh..."
Seeing that the table had suddenly grown into enormous proportions, she looked at herself. 
Nagi Ohki suddenly noticed that she WAS a cabbit.
"What the... Wash Ohki, this is your doing!!! Turn me back this instant!"
"I can't, if I could why would WE still be cabbits?" Wash Ohki replied.
Nagi Ohki frowned and ran out the door, obviusly having trouble carrying all those clothes 
and armour she had been wearing until just a few moments ago.

Nobu Ohki entered the kitchen and ran straight to Ten Ohki.
"Thank you for the idea Ten Ohki, but I don앖 think I앏l hide in 
dirty laundry baskets." Nobu Ohki told him.
Ten Ohki quietly sighed with relief, but then looked puzzled at Nobu Ohki.
"Why? What압 wrong with them?" Ten Ohki asked.
"First, theyre dirty. Second, there is not a single dirty laundry basket by the pool or 
in the womens dressing room!"
"Oh..." Ten Ohki said with even greater relief.
"Did you remove the dirty laundry baskets from the dressing room?" Ay Ohki whispered
to Wash Ohki.
"Yes, it was no larger problem. It took me about 2 seconds to set the coordinates 
for the teleport."
"Thanks anyway."
"Hey, it압 my dressing room too."

Quitley music began playing, slowly increasing in sound.
"Does anyone hear music?" Ten Ohki asked.
"No." Everyone answered him.
Everyone was thrown into disarray as the music came up into cacaphonius levels.
"Arghhhhh!!! Stop it!" everyone yelled, covering their ears with their paws.
Then the music suddenly stopped and was replaced with a futile attempt to an evil laugh.
"Meeeeow, I mean hahahahahaha..." Kaga Ohki said with a cute voice.
"I knew your new sensitive ears wouldn't stand music at this magnitude..."
The pale-furred cabbit started laughing insanely, but only managed to sound extremely cute.
"Whore you?" Ry Ohki said, not recognising the villain from the first OAV series.
"Ungh..." Kaga Ohki quietly said under his breath.
"Even you can't recognise my distinctive evil laughter... I HATE THIS KAWAII VOICE!!!"
"Kagato?" Ten Ohki asked.
"Not anymore!! I'm called Kaga Ohki now. Thanks to those stupid writers, I았e been turned 
into a cabbit! How the HELL do they think that I should be able to terrorise the universe 
looking like THIS!?! I'm not even scary, I'm CUTE! Me! Cute! The galaxy's most feared and 
wanted criminal, KAWAII!? When I find the pee brained morons who did this...
This... "STORY" I'm going to..."
"You better hope I don앖 make it back." Kaga Ohki hatingly whispered to the writers.
"I wouldn앖 worry to much about that." a voice from above replied.
Feeling cocky, the main writer, Vincent, suddenly materialised besides Kaga Ohki.
"What are you going to do about it, furball?" he mockingly said to him.
"Grrrr" Kaga Ohki cutely growled.
"Wait a minute..." Mihosh Ohki had a sudden brain storm.
"YOU turned us into cabbits?"
"Yes, that is correct."
"WHYYYYYYYY?!?" Everyone yelled.
"Why not? It압 my story!"
Having heard enough, Kaga Ohki jumped and bit Vincents hand.
"Ouch! Hey, that stunt didn앖 work in the fifth episode of the first OAV, 
so what makes you think it would now?"
Vincent threw away Kaga Ohki into a corner of the kitchen.

Everyone suddenly eyed Vincent suspisously.
"What?"
Everyone was silent. After a few minutes Ten Ohki broke the silence.
"Uhm, you았e shrunken several inches since you came here, and youre beginning to grow fur." 
Ten Ohki said.
"What!?" Vincent said looking at his suddenly paw-like hands.
In a matter of seconds Vincent turned into a cabbit himself.
"Meow... I mean, what's going on?" Vin Ohki whined.
Evil giggling was heard from above... Vincent recognised the voice of the co-writer.
"ARGH!!! I'll kill you!!!"
"No you won't, I'm not stupid enough to enter this story." The co-writer teasingly said.
"Oh you..." Vin Ohki muffled, steam rising from his ears.
"Now be nice, or I'll turn Kaga Ohki back into Kagato, and as I remember it, 
he isn't very happy with you..."
"Well, now that Vin Ohki is more my size, I think I can make him change me back to normal."
Kaga Ohki silently said to himself, not noticing that everyone else also heard it.
"Really? What makes you think I would change you back into Kagato?" Vin Ohki replied.
"I could think of a couple of methods right now..."
"Sorry, that method won앖 work, I앐 not Ay Ohki you know."
"How did you know I was thinking that? Are you reading my thoughts?" Kaga Ohki asked.
"Nope, just reading a couple of lines before your reaction." Vin Ohki answered.
Vin Ohki waved with his copy of the script.
"It says so right here." 
He pointed at a section 2 pages into the script.
"So that PAPER said you would answer that way?" Kaga Ohki asked.
"Yes... Ahhhh!" Vin Ohki threw himself to the floor, barely avoiding Ry Ohki압 energy blast.
"Had to get rid of it somewhere." Ry Ohki told the angrylooking Vin Ohki.
"But why fire at... Ahhhh!" He jumped out of the way for Ay Ohki압 attack.
Ay Ohki, with no time to change her course, accidently hit Kaga Ohki.
"Ouch..." was Kaga Ohki압 pained reply, as they both were thrown to the ground by the hit.
"This is silly, why attack me?" Vin Ohki asked.
"That was just a warning. If you don앖 turn us back into normal, I앏l punch you into another 
dimension... But just Ten Ohki and me will do." Ry Ohki answered.
"Yes, turn as all back to normal!" Everyone yelled, excluding Kaga Ohki and Ay Ohki, both being
knocked out cold.
"I will do no such thing!" Vin Ohki replied.
"Please!!!" 
"No."
"But you will be knocked into another dimension if you don앖." Ry Ohki told him.
"You can앖 do that." Vin Ohki said.
"Why not?"
"You simply can앖. It압 my story, and..."
Vin Ohki was interrupted by his co-writers voice.

"I앐 writing the story now, and if I say she can, she CAN, alright?"
"And?" Vin Ohki replied.
"And what?"
"Can she?"
"Yes she can damnit! Haven't you been listening!?!?"
"Uh?"
"Ok, ok, to put it simply: Ry Ohki CAN knock you into another dimension, got it?"
"Isn앖 it my story?!"
"Nope, not anymore."
"Don앖 be surprised if you wake up one morning and a cabbit is holding a 
butcher knife to your throat." Vin Ohki threatened him.
"Ohhhh... Scary." John answered with a sarcastic voice.
"Just out of curiosity, how are you going to get a butcher knife to my throat when you're trapped
in this fanfic and I'm not?"
"I앏l see you in heaven!"
"Funny, with all the terrible things you았e done, I thought you were going to hell."
"No, I blackmailed God."
"No you didn앖!"
"Well, at least I ate a cookie this morning."
"I really can앖 see what cookies have to do with this."
"Neither do I. I just felt like saying it."
"Well, I앐 busy ruining your life while youre trapped in this fanfic, and there압 nothing you
can do about it."
"As I said, don앖 be surprised..." Vin Ohki began, but was interrupted by John.
"Yeah yeah yeah..." John told him.
And then the voice went away.
"Remember writers, John spelled backwards in Arabian, means piece of trash."
"Grrrr!" The returning voice growled.
Suddenly Vin Ohki found himself hanging upside down over a lava pit which suddenly had appeared
in the kitchen.
"Take that back, before I decide that the rope you're hanging in is of poor quality" John hissed.
"Ok, ok, ok! I TAKE IT BACK! Alright?"
John, being satisfied with the results, made the lava pit under Vin Ohki vanish and replaced 
it with the kitchen floor.
"Ok, now I got to get on with the story" John said while laughing an evil laugh.
Sas Ohki, feeling sorry for Vin Ohki, cut him down. 

Ay Ohki and Kaga Ohki came to.
"Now, where were we?" Ry Ohki asked Vin Ohki.
"Uhhh..." Vin Ohki realised that trying to negotiate with cabbits was pretty futile.
"Let압 do like this..." He started.
"Uhu..." Everyone nodded.
"I haven앖 even started with my proposition yet!!!"
"Well, excuse me." everyone said to him at the same time.
"Cut that out!"
"Ok." Sas Ohki said with a cute voice, seemingly the only one not being angry with Vin Ohki for 
turning them into cabbits.
"Ok, here압 my idea. If anyone of you beat me in a fight fair and square I앏l turn you all back."
"Ha! You! Beat one of them! In a fair fight!?" John's evil voice laughed at Vin Ohki.
"Be quiet!"
"You promise?" Ry Ohki asked him.
"Cross my little kawaii heart." Vin Ohki replied, crossing his fingers behind his back.
Not noted by Vin Ohki, Ry Ohki split into two, teleported up behind him, 
and saw the crossed fingers.
"He압 crossing his fingers." she whispered to Ay Ohki.
"We앏l see about that." Ay Ohki silently answered her.
"I'd like to point out, that since Vin Ohki is part of the story, he no longer can turn yo..."
"You be quiet!"
"Ok, who압 first?" Vin Ohki bravely asked.
"I AM!" everyone said at the same time as they jumped him, 
knocking him uncounscius, and tied him up.

5 minutes later Vin Ohki came to.
"Wha.. what happened? " He whined. "I mean, except you not beating me fairly?"
"We knocked you unconscius and tied you up." Ry Ohki answered him.
"Et tu Sas Ohki?" Vin Ohki turned himself to Sas Ohki.
"Huh? I only speak Japanese and English in this fanfic!"
"It압 latin for 'even you my Sas Ohki?'"
"Well, you DID turn me into a cabbit!"
"This is boring!" John's voice suddenly interrupted. "I was looking forward for a fight!"
"Well, if you free me, John Ohki, I앏l fight."
"My name ISNT John Ohki!"
"Whoops, I앐 getting ahead of myself."
"Why you..."
Suddenly Vin Ohki found himself inside a torture chamber. 
Just in front of the controls was Kagato, suspended in a stasis field.
An astral projection of John suddenly appeared before Vin Ohki.
"Muwahahahaha." he laughed.
"Isn앖 that 'evil villain standard laugh' getting a bit old?"
"No, its a classic!"
A contract and pencil suddenly appeared in his right hand.
"I'll let you off easy... Just sign this contract, 
before Kag here gets a moment alone with you..."
Vin Ohki read the contract.
"This contract is rubbish! Just look here!"
Vin Ohki pointed at the third line in the contract, one of John압 favorite parts.
"'The signer of this contract is binded by law to obey each and every command given by the 
owner of this contract'"
"Sign it... Or else..." he said pointing at Kagato.
"No!"
Vin Ohki felt a shock of electricity just as Kagato regained control of one of his fingers.
"Hm, ok. Since I'm feeling overly kind and generous today, we can skip line three, I don't 
know what good you could do anyway."
John snapped with his fingers and line three was erased from the contract.
"Deal?"
"Hmmmm..."
Vin Ohki felt a second shock.
"Oh for crying out loud!" John yelled.
"This is supposed to be a Tenchi Fanfic! So we are WAAAAAY of subject!
I'll return you to the kitchen if you promise to be nice, ok?"
"Uhhh... Sure." Vin Ohki had a little trouble crossing his fingers behind his back, 
but he barely managed.
Vin Ohki found himself back in the kitchen where no time had passed at all.
"Now we앏l see." Vin Ohki mumbled to himself.
"Aza Ohki! Kami Ohki!" Vin Ohki yelled.
Two tiny logs with cabbit ears and bunny tails appeared.
"Yes master?" They weirdly enough asked Vin Ohki.
"Free me." Vin Ohki whined.
"Aren앖 they under MY control?" Ay Ohki asked.
"Not in my story."
"You keep forgetting, its MY story!" John's voice echoed like thunder.
"I앐 the MAIN writer!"
"Ungh... Is it impossible to get through to this guy?" John thought out loud.
"IT IS MY STORY NOW!"
"OK!!! But can I keep them?" Vin Ohki nodded towards the logs.
"I don't see why not."
"Thanks."
Vin Ohki was freed by the logs, but unfortunately, they where obliterated in the process.
"You made me destroy them, now you앏l pay, even if you CAN turn us back to normal!" Ay Ohki yelled.
Vin Ohki, hoping he had some control over the story left, snapped with his fingers...Errr, paws.
The two logs reappeared. 
"How did you do that?" Ay Ohki asked.
"Simple, being the main writer."
"I DID IT! Not Vin Ohki!" John yelled.
"Really? Youre just surprised I got any powers left."
"Any powers you have, you have because I GAVE them to you! For instance..."
The two logs were vapourized again.
"...Try doing that again, not that I've removed your resurection powers."
Vin Ohki tried snapping his paws again. Nothing happened.
"Ok, you proved your point, I'm powerless unless you let me have any, happy?"
"Yeah, I guess so..."
"Er, Vin Ohki?"
"Yes John?"
"Since this was originally your story, what did you intend to happen now?"
Nobu Ohki entered the room, wearing a small suit and large glasses.
"Where do you think youre going?" John asked him.
"Pssst, John, that압 what압 supposed to happen.." Vin Ohki whispered.
"Where are you going dad?" Ten Ohki asked.
"To work, of course. We haven앖 even paid last months repair bill."
"Err, youre a cabbit dad... And why are you wearing that tiny suit."
"If i use it, maybe the people at work won앖 notice any difference."
"And the glasses?"
"Same thing."
"By the way, where did you get those clothes?" Ry Ohki asked, seeing an opportunity.
"In Ay Ohki압 room, of course. Where all the other tiny clothes are!"
"I knew it! Ay Ohki plays with dolls! Ay Ohki plays with dolls!" Ry Ohki started repeating.
"I DONT!!!!!" Ay Ohki yelled at Ry Ohki.
"Does anyone know where all my clothes went? I washed them yesterday." Mihosh Ohki asked.
"Do you remember where you put them?" Wash Ohki asked her.
"Yeah, I gave them to Vin Ohki. He told me he would look after them."
"You put the clothes in Ay Ohki압 room?" Wash Ohki asked Vin Ohki.
"Well... Yeah... I mean... Meow!" Vin Ohki smiled innocently.
"I know you CAN talk, Vin Ohki."
"Meow." Vin Ohki answered.
"What do you want for lunch?" Sas Ohki interrupted.
"Got any carrot salad left?" Vin Ohki asked.
"Got you!" Wash Ohki yelled.
"Whoops!"
Thinking the fanfic was to boring (Readers: Wouldn앖 you agree? -John), 
John reintroduced Kaga Ohki. 
Kaga Ohki quickly snatched Sas Ohki and turned into a spaceship, taking her away.
"We must save her." Ten Ohki said couragously.
"Yeah, or I won앖 get any carrot salad." Vin Ohki agreed.
"Well... Off you go!" Vin Ohki told the others.
"Youre coming with us." Ry Ohki said.
"Er.. Ryoko, I mean Ry Ohki, believe me when I say this: You DON'T want Vin Ohki to come along."
John interrupted with a worried voice.
"Why not? It keeps him from escaping."
"Well, since he can't turn you back, there's no point in keeping him..."
"Actually, I could turn Ten Ohki and Ry Ohki back to normal, even within the storyline." 
Vin Ohki said.
"Well, turn us back!"
"No way I앐 turning you back Ry Ohki, you would just cut my head off!"
"That's an interesting theory!" John interrupted.
Ever so slowly Ry Ohki started glowing.
"Gulp! What do you want, John?" Vin Ohki nervously asked him.
"I don't know, I'm just teasing you for the moment."
Vin Ohki quickly turned towards Ten Ohki.
"Ten Ohki, I앏l turn you back into normal if you promise that Ry Ohki, or Ryoko for that matter,
won앖 hurt me."
"Uhh, sure... But only if you turn all back to normal."
Vin Ohki started running towards Wash Ohki압 lab.
John sighed.
"You know, he IS lying, he wouldn't turn you back even if he could."
"Shut up!" Vin Ohki yelled at him.
"Okay, since I want this story to end, *I* will turn you back, 
if you promise not to hurt Vin Ohki, sound fair?"
"Hey! Quit poking with my deals!" Vin Ohki yelled from Wash Ohki압 laboratory.
"Vin Ohki, don't you know its wrong to make deals you can't keep?"
"Oh yes I CAN!" Vin Ohki yelled. "Now, where did Wash Ohki put that skin sample?" he started 
mumbling to himself.
"Ok, Vin Ohki, what makes you think that you could use Wash Ohki's laboratory to turn them back, 
if not Wash Ohki herself could?"
"An elementary school degree?"
"Oh God... And Kiyonne thinks she has it bad when she puts up with Mihoshi! 
That's nothing compared with Vincent!"
Vin Ohki started poking with a machine in a corner of the lab, covered with dust.
"Oh dear, I better get him out of this story before he breaks something." John muttered.
Vin Ohki made an evil grin towards John.
"Enter here Ten Ohki." He said.
"This will turn you back for sure." He continued, crossing his fingers again.
"Hey! that's my..." Wash Ohki managed to say before Vin Ohki covered her mouth.
"It looks pretty scary." Mihosh Ohki said.
"Oh for crying out loud! Would you please stop trying to cause trouble for the characters?!?" 
John yelled at Vin Ohki.

Suddenly everyone except Vin Ohki was turned back to normal.
"As I was saying, just step in here..." Vin Ohki noticed that everyone was back to normal.
"Errr, there could a major problem with this John..."
"The major problem being..?"
"If everyone압 back to normal, it means Kagato is back to normal too, isn앖 he?
"So? Not that he is, but what would be wrong if he WAS, which he isn't?"
"Well, for starters, he and Sasami would explode in space."
"Ok, I see what you mean. But A: I only turned the people in this room back, 
and B: he's already boarded the Souja. C: Sasami, being really pissed, has summoned Tsunami."
"She summoned Tsunami??!!" Vin Ohki yelled, chocked. 
"Tsunami isn앖 really a spacetree in this episode, she압 a HAMSTER!" Vin Ohki loudly explained.
"Uhh..."John answered.
John checked Vin Ohki's papers on the desk, quickly, confirming what Vin Ohki just said.
"Oh dear, you DO got a sick sense of humour, you know."'
"It seemed logical at the time. Humans-Cabbits, Spacetrees-Hamsters."
"OK! I've had enough of this stupid story!" John yelled.
Suddenly everyone reappeared aboard the Souja.
"Ok, guys, just beat the crap out of Kagato so we can end this damn fanfic!"
Everyone nodded.
A cute, 1 metre high hamster was jumping around in front of them.
"Hi Tsunami!" Vin Ohki yelled.
"OK! NEVERMIND! WE'LL SKIP THE FIGHT TOO!!!" John angryily yelled as both 
Tsunami and Kagato were fried by lightning.
Also, Vin Ohki started to fade away.
"Hey! I wasn앖 even through half the fanfic script!" Vin Ohki cried.
"IT ENDS NOW! GET IT?!?" John answered him.
Everything went black...

Epilogue:
Everything was back to normal at Misaki household.
Sasami was making dinner, Washu was experimenting in her lab, and Mihoshi was causing accidents.
"I앐 sure glad that압 all over." Ayeka said.
"Yeah, it was real spooky." Mihoshi agreed.
"I wonder why that Vin-guy chose to turn us all to cabbits in the first place?" Sasami wondered out loud.
"Maybe he had something against us." Ryoko added.
"I still wonder HOW he did it." Washu said.
"There's no scientific explanation on how he could have done it..."
"I았e got some carrot salad left." Sasami told them.
"I am feeling a bit hungry." Tenchi admitted.
Everyone went inside to eat dinner.
Unnoticed by everyone, a dark storm was approaching...
But not in the form of any threat known to them.
The wind was blowing in the trees, the crickets were playing in the grass, and the only noise 
that could be heard, came from inside the Souja, for once unharmed by Tenchi and the other
in the Tenchi Muyo! cast.
"Isn앖 anyone going to turn me back into normal?! I can앖 even reach the controls for the
Souja! I can앖 even PLAY my organ! YOU WILL PAY FOR THIS DAMN WRITERS!" Kaga Ohki yelled.
Back in reality, Vincent made an evil little laughter.
"Don앖 think I didn앖 hear that! Aaaaaaargh! Let me out of this place!!!"
And, as it probably would have done in a movie, the scene faded.

THE END
---------------------------
Thought this was weird? Look out for my next fanfic.
Also, I'd like you to tell me what you think of it. 
I personally thought it stunk!
Shut up, John! You have no saying in this!


Max