Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo! or any of the characters, they belong to 
Pioneer and AIC. I have only created this FanFic, and I'm not planning on making 
any money off of this . I'm not planning on being sued , so please don't .I ask 
that no one post this fanfic or any part of it without my permission . If this 
fic is anything like someone else's it was not intentional , so don't go around 
saying' I copied someone else's work because I didn't .

Pre-Note: Well I sure hope ya liked the first chapter. Lets see.. we left off 
last chapter where Ryoko gets the bad new that she might be killed if this power 
inside of her won't come out in time . So, what will happen? Read and you might 
just find out!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------Tenchi Muyo!:Hidden Power
by "Kyasuki Masaki" (Ryoko742@Earthlink.net)
Chapter 2: "Training"

	
	In the cursed dimention that Tokimi , one of the three most powerful 
immortals is trapped in, D3 appeared in front of Tokimi's throne , he kneeled 
and bowed his head. 
	" Melady...The where-abouts of the daughter of Ryoko has been found out ," 
D3 explained ." She has jumped out of her time frame , threw a time portal 
helped created by Washuu , yet her reasons for jumping in time is unknown ."
	Tokimi didn't seem to be affected by the news , " I see , then we'll just 
have to change a few things won't we . Akaia , " Tokimi called out and a young 
lady with turquoise hair and dark eyes walked out of the shadows , she wore a 
red and white skin tight battle armor , much like Ryoko's, a sheathed saber at 
her side , and a black cloak . She stopped beside D3 and kneeled down and bowed 
her head .
	" Yes , Melady? " 
	Tokimi grined an evil grin . "Akaia, this is what i want you to do....."

---Back at the Masaki house---
	"Is she still out there , Washu?" Tenchi asked worriedly , looking out the 
window , towards the area where he usually trained with Grandpa . Sense two 
weeks ago, when Ryoko was told that she would die if she couldn't bring out this 
unknown power of hers, she had been training day and night at the clearing in 
the woods .
	" Well ,do you blame her? " Washu was seated in front of the T.V watching 
some kind of science fiction program .
	"No. guess not , " Tenchi walked into the kitchen , seeing Sasami and 
Kyasuki busy washing the dishes from lunch . For the past two weeks Kyasuki had 
been helping Sasami in the kitchen, and to his surprise Kyasuki was a pretty 
good cook , he guessed that back in her time, Sasami had tought her how to cook 
. "Hey Kyasuki, Sasami."
	"Hey Tenchi," Sasami said as she handed a wet bowl to Kyasuki.
	"Hello Daddy," Kyasuki said cheerfully as she took the bowl from Sasami 
and began to dry it with a small towel in her right hand."Daddy, where is Mommy, 
is she still outside?"
	"Ya , and I was thinking about going to see her, would you like to come?" 
He asked with a smile on his face.
	"Sure!" she said as she put down the bowl and the towel on the counter, 
"Bye bye Aunt Sasami!" She grabbed Tenchi's hand and headed toward the front 
door.

---Clearing in the woods---
	Ryoko jumped high into the air , doing a backflip and landing behind the 
fighter in black , thrusting  her red energy sword deep into his back . The 
fighter stood there for a second or two then dropped to the ground , 
disappearing . Ryoko then ducked , dodging a back attack by another fighter with 
a dagger ,  she quickly swung her energy sword around and upward , cutting a 
deep wound into the fighter's right side . She jumped over the wounded fighter , 
landing behind him , then swung her energy sword at his neck , decapitating him 
. The fighter dropped to the ground also diappearing . She then quickly brung 
around her sword swinging it in a semi-circle , several small energy beams shot 
out of the sword flying at the two on coming fighters , hitting them in the 
chest . The two fighters stumbled alittle but kept on running toward her. 
Ryoko held out her left hand , energy gathering at her palm , she squeezes the 
small ball of energy , creating a second energy sword . She stood there in a 
fighting stance waiting for the two fighters to reach her. Once the fighters 
were about twelve feet away, she floated alittle bit off the ground and flew at 
them at full speed with her energy swords ready to thrust into their lungs . 
With one swift swing of her energy swords , the fighters were on the ground , 
holding their stomachs, and soon disappeared .
	" Level 89 complete , " a robotic voice said , as a small box appeared 
where the last two fighters had fallen . The small box was black with a picture 
of a red crab on one of it's sides , it was built for training , the black box 
would create holograms that would be programmed to fight who it sees , and from 
what Ryoko found out, they can do real damage . She had a few cuts on her arms 
and stomach , but nothing serious .	She got into a fighting stance, " Activate 
holo-training level 90 . " She managed to say in-between deep breaths . 
	" Level 90 activated , " the robotic voice said as eight holo-fighters 
appeared , surrounding her . Two of them had daggers in each hand , three of 
them had swords , and the other three had on fighting gloves . Two of the three 
holo-fighters with swords came at her from her left and right side , Ryoko just 
jumped into the air, then landing about 17 feet away from them , her two energy 
blades converted back into  energy gathering into one blast . She aimed and 
fired the blast of energy at the two guys ,who were charging at her head on, 
hiting them in the chest and causing them skid across the ground and finally 
disappear . Just then one of the fighters with a dagger in each hand , jumped 
into the air , coming down at her with the daggers ready to strike . The 
demoness  glanced up at him for a second before raising her right hand shooting 
several energy beams at the attacker , causing him to disappear. She suddenly 
felt a sharp object being thrusted into her right shoulder, she yelled out in 
pain . She angrily swung her hand out toward the holo-fighter's neck, squeezing 
it tightly she lifted him off the ground as energy gathered in the hand 
squeezing his neck , burning his skin . The energy then shot from her hand, 
cutting a hole threw the holo-fighter's neck who disappeared once he hit the 
ground . Two other fighter's then quickly grabbed each of her arms , as a third 
one charged at her head-on with his sword drawn back, ready to strike . Ryoko 
stared in front of her at the charging attacker, she didn't seem to be worried . 
Once the charging attacker was about 10 feet away from her she swung her hair 
shooting out several deadly hair needles at the two holo-fighters holding onto 
her arms . As the two holo-fighters shot their hands to their faces, where they 
where hit , Ryoko gathered a blast of burning red energy and shot a energy beam 
at the one fighters charging at her , causing him to fly back . By now the two 
others had recovered from the hair needles and headed at her with their weapons 
drawn back . As the one on her right thrusted his dagger toward her shoulder , 
she jumped over the second one letting the dagger run threw the seconds chest, 
disappearing . An energy sword appeared in her right hand , and she charged at 
the survivor , clashing swords with him . He then quickly jumped over her , and 
swung his dagger once he touched the ground , hitting Ryoko's right arm . She 
felt the pain run threw her arm , throbbing . She grew angry , and slashed the 
holo-fighters neck causing him to disappear . Ryoko then jumped out of the way 
dodging a back attack , she had forgotten about the one fighter she blasted back 
a little bit ago. She flew into the air, stopped, and turned around. The energy 
sword in her right hand had converted back into a blast of energy , she aimed 
and fired the blast at the fighter hitting him in the chest , disappearing . 
Ryoko slowly floated back down to the ground , breathing hard . 
	" Mommy!! Hi!!, " Kyasuki said as she ran toward the clearing in the 
forest.
	Ryoko glanced over at her future daughter , and smiled alittle . She was 
liking the idea of having a kid , but she sometimes wonders if she would be a 
good mother, considering all the things she had done in the past . " Hey Kyasuki 
. "
	Kyasuki continued to run toward Ryoko , but instantly stopped when someone 
jumped in front of her way . Kyasuki looked up at the tall man , seeing fighter 
gloves on his hands . 
	Ryoko noticed the man jumping in front of Kyasuki , seeing it was one of 
the holo-fighters , " Kyasuki get away from him!" she yelled , but it was to 
late the holo-fighter had already punched Kyasuki hard in the jaw, causing the 
little girl to fly back and hit the ground hard . "Kyasuki!" She ran over to 
Kyasuki kneeling down next to the fallen girl , seeing that her lip was bleeding 
and that she looked alittle dizzy from such an unexpected punch . Ryoko grew 
angrier then she was earlier. She stood up and faced the fighter glaring at him 
with her two goldish yellow feline eyes, which now resembaled the eyes of a 
tiger  . " How dare you hit my daughter....how dare you!" 
	By then Tenchi finally caught up and saw Kyasuki on the ground and Ryoko 
standing in front of her facing some man , he could tell she was quite angry . 
He walked over to Kyasuki and picked her up , walking away from the fight . He 
then sat her down under a tree away from the fighter but not far enough so they 
couldn't see Ryoko and the man. " You stay here okay , Ryoko and I will get rid 
of him , " he then pulled out Tenchi-ken from his jacket pocket , heading back 
to Ryoko , but he stoped in his tracks when he saw what was happening .
	Suddenly white outlines of three circles , the size of the gems on Ryoko's 
wrists , appeared on the cyan haired space pirate , and her eyes where glowing 
with some kind of white energy . She gathered a blast of blue light , aimed and 
fired the blast . The blast shot out of her hand and at the speed of light and 
traveled right threw the holo-fighters chest , and continued to fly slamming 
into several trees and a boulder before it finally disappeared . The holo-
fighter dropped to it's knees then disappeared . The black box reappeared where 
the last fighter fell , and a robotic voice spoke, "Level 90 complete."
	 The three white outlined circles disappeared from her forehead and her 
eyes returned to their normal color . Ryoko had been shocked by the sudden feel 
of this new power of hers , it was alittle to much for her body to control the 
whole power , she could only handle the little blast she had made . Ryoko weakly 
walked over to Kyasuki and picked her up , holding the little girl tightly in 
her arms .
	" Tenchi...,"she seemed tired,"let get back to the house.."
	
	All the way back to the Masaki house, Tenchi never saw Ryoko so protective 
for anyone before , for she held Kyasuki tightly not leting anyone , not even 
him , hold the little girl . Ryoko wouldn't even let Kyasuki go when Kyasuki 
said that she was fine and that she could walk . He could see that Ryoko will be 
a protective mother .
	
	They had finally reached the Masaki house just in time for dinner . 
Everyone sat down at the dinning table . 
	
	After dinner Sasami began to clear the dishes from the table so they could 
be washed , Washuu locked herself back in her lab , Ryoko went up stairs to tuck 
Kyasuki into bed , and Tenchi walked outside for some fresh air.	
	He walked all the way out to the lake and leaned back against a tree , he 
watched the clouds in the sky moving slowly hiding and uncovering stars the 
bright full moon . He sighed . 

---In Tokimi's Dimention---
	"Melady , do you think it was wise to send her for such a mission ?" D3 
asked after Tokimi finally sent Akaia in a spaceship to complete her mission .
	" Are you questioning me , D3?" Tokimi glanced at him with her emotionless 
eyes.
	" Sorry , Melady . I just think it is too risky, by the time Akaia is done 
with the first step of her mission, Washuu's daughter will already have her 
child and be training even harder then before. She might even be able to stop 
Akaia , and not to mention that boy with the light hawk wings."
	"...Yes, it is going to be some what risky..and might even be alittle to 
much for Akaia , but it is a risk worth taking. Anything would be worth taking 
if it could bring me the power to escape this cursed dimention ."
	
	
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------

After Note: Hmm..Will this woman working for Tokimi called , Akaia , succeed in 
this mission , or will Ryoko be able to bring out her hidden power once more and 
stop her?  will Tenchi be able to catch up with Ryoko's growing power , or will 
he be left in the dust even with his power of the light hawk wings? hopefully 
these are the kind of questions that'll be answered in the next chapter. 
Please send C&C to Ryoko742@earthlink.net . Hope ta see ya next chapter!^_^

 Akaia , and not to mention that boy with the light hawk wings."
