	
Disclaimer:   I don't own Tenchi Muyo! or the characters, they belong to 
Pioneer or AIC. I have only created this fanfic , and I'm not plaining 
to make any money off of this . I'm not plaining on being sued, so 
please don't. I ask that no one posts this fanfic or any part of it 
without my permission.If this fic is anything like someone elses it was 
not intentional , so please don't go around sayin' I copyed someone 
elses work because I didn't . 

Pre-Note: This is my first fanfic , so please bear with me. If there is 
misspelled words I'm sorry , my eiter isn't on of the best, but she is 
okay non-the-less, and I'm happy she took the time to edit for me .
I hope that this first chapter will get me an audience. If you have any 
recommendations, or any comments please send them to 
Ryoko742@Earthlink.net (which is me ^_^ ) Hope you injoy! Oh this first 
part is the Proluge , the actual chapter begins after the long line.


Proluge

	It has been five years later sence the little run in with Dr. Clay 
and Zero . Tenchi had finally said who he truely loved , which is Ryoko 
. Ayeka had desided to go back to Jurai to rule alone , Sasami , who 
is now 18 and is now completely fused with Tsunami , desided to stay on 
Earth because she said she would miss it too much and that she was 
affraid that Tenchi and his family would go hungery , Washuu is also 
still here and is always locked up in her lab doing experiments and 
inventing knew and crazy comtraptions . Mihoshi and Kiyone were called 
back to HQ for a possible promotion . Yosho is still working at the 
shrine , and Tenchi's father still works in the 
city .  

---In a different demintion---
	A young girl , about 11 , wearing a dark-blue armor battle suit 
walked down the long , dark hallway , the floor was made of what looked 
like glass and the walls were nothing but long mirrors which were 
shrowded in shadows . The girl's hair was hidden under the hood of the 
white cloak that hung just 
above the floor . Her soft brown eyes stared infront of her at the 
bright light at the end of the hallway . 
She stoped infront of the white light which was actually a portal back 
threw time, that her grandmother 
had tought her how to creat . She glanced back down the hallway 
woundering for a moment if her grandmother will be alright being with 
her great aunt. She promised her grandmother that she will be 
back . She looked back at the light infront of her, she took a deep 
breath and walked into
 it .      END PROLUGE
    --------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
Tenchi Muyo!: Hidden Power
by " Kyasuki Masaki " (Ryoko742@Earthlink.net)
Chapter 1 : " The Visitor "
	
	At the masaki House,Sasami was bust cleaning the dishes from 
breakfast , Washu was in her lab , Tenchi was at the clearing in the 
woods training with his grandpa , and Ryoko was watching them from her 
spot under a tree . Tenchi and Yosho trained for about five hours 
straight and then stoped to take
 a short break.
	" Boy...I'm thursty..... ," Tenchi said between deep breaths , he 
was some what  tired from all the  training . Ryoko teleported behind 
him and hugging him tightly.
	" Thursty huh ? well I'll go get ya some tea , I'll be right back 
. " She kissed him lightly on the cheek and disappeared , sence Ryoko 
and Zero had merged together a while ago, Ryoko has been more emotional 
and seemed more 'nice', and not just a powerful , angery , demon / space 
pirate so many people knew her as .
 
---At The House---	
	Ryoko reappeared at the house , she glanced around the quiet 
house. She didn't really injoy being alone so she desided to just hurry 
up and get the tea . She walked into the kitchen and toward the 
refrigerator to grab the container of tea for Tenchi . 
	" Hello 'Little' Ryoko , " said the small little guenius Washuu , 
she had came out of her lab to hopefully be able to talk to her daughter 
about something she found .
	" Hello Washuu , " Ryoko managed to say calmly ." What are you 
doing out of your lab ? It isn't lunch time yet . "
	" Well i thought I'd ask you about something I found on my 
computer scaners , could you come into my lab for a moment ? " Washuu 
asked .
	Ryoko thought about it for a moment , she told Tenchi she would be 
right back... < all well , it's not like he is gonna freak out because 
it just took me alittle longer to get back > . " Alright , " they both 
walked out of the kitchen , across the livingroom , and into Washuu's 
lab . Washuu walked over to her floating pillow and hopped up onto it , 
she held her hands infront of her and her holo-computer appeared under 
her hands , Washuu tapped a few keys and a file opened up on the holo-
screen . Ryoko walked over to it to get a look at what was on the file . 
" What is that? " Ryoko aksed as she looked at the holo-screen . The 
screen showed what looked like a spot surounded by trees with some kind 
of white hole in the center of the 
screen.
	" Ryoko , this bight white hole in the air appeared about twenty 
minutes ago . Acording to my scaners , it is a portal about seventeen 
feet in diamitor and about two and a half feet above the ground , but my 
scaners couldn't figure out where the portal was originated from , " 
Washuu explained , " so that means ether this portal was created by 
someone in the future or that I just haven't been able to fix all the 
damage Mihoshi did before she left with Kiyone four years ago....." 
Ryoko luaghed alittle at Washuu's last sentence.

---Back at the clearing spot in the woods---
	Tenchi woundered what was takes Ryoko so long . " Why is she 
takeing so long to get back ? " he didn't really asked to anyone 
spasiffic.
	" Come now Tenchi , you have time later to worry why she isn't 
back with your tea , right now you need to train . " Yosho told Tenchi 
as he tapped his wooden bokken on his shoulder.
	" Oh come on grandpa we've tra-" Tenchi then noticed a little girl 
, who looked like she was about 12 years old , walking around amung the 
trees , she was oblivously lost . 
	" What is it Tenchi ? " Yosho looked over his shoulder to see the 
young girl woundering around . " Well , it looks like we have a visitor 
, Tenchi . "
	Tenchi stood up from his spot on the ground and walked toward the 
girl . " Excuse me , " Tenchi was about fiveteen feet away from her, " 
uhhh.. are you lost ?"
	She turned around , the hood of her white cloak hide most of her 
hair except for two locks of hair . Her soft brown feline eyes looked at 
him . " It's you..... " her voice trailed off.
	" Uhhh... I'm Tenchi Masaki and you are? " he asked .
	" Father! " a big smile crossed her face as she wraped her arms 
around Tenchi , tightly . 
	" What?! what do you mean father?! " he was now completely lost . 
He felt her arms losen . 
	" Yes you are my father , but of corse you don't know that because 
I won't be born yet for another year or two . I have come from the 
future ." she explained . 
	" I'll have a daughter in the future....?" Tenchi was still 
shocked.
	" Yep!" her big smile had not left her . 
	" Uhhhh... why did you come back into the past for ? " 
	"I've come to warn you and my mother about this evil man that will 
come and attack only about a month after I've been born . Grandma told 
me that the evil man was sent by Tokami to kill you and my mom . The 
evil man did kill mom but you managed to live and kill him ...but you 
died a year later... the doctors said you died of a sickness...but 
grandma knew you died because the lose of mom....., " she lowered her 
head . Just then Ryoko appeared infront of Tenchi huging him  .
	"Sorry for takeing so long Tenchi , but Washuu wanted to show me 
something she found on her scaners , " she the kissed him lightly on the 
lips , her arms then droped to her sides . " Here is the tea , " she 
then noticed Tenchi was looking past her ," uhhhh.. Tenchi? " She looked 
over her shoulder and saw the little girl . She turned around to face 
her ,  " Who are you? " she placed her hands on her hips waiting for an 
answer . The girl just stood there . Ryoko was about to speek when all 
of a sudden the young girl huged her tightly , Ryoko was taken aback . " 
Wha? " Ryoko could hear crying comeing from the little girl .
	" I can't believe it's you....." she managed to say threw sobs , 
still huging Ryoko tightly .
Ryoko didn't really get hugs from strangers sence most of the time they 
knew she was the dreaded space pirate and was usually ran away from . 
The thought of being ran away from , being called a monster or devil , 
brought alittle sadness to Ryoko , she didn't injoy being ran away from 
, ending up alone..... 
	" I've been waiting so long to finally..... , " she slowly let go 
of Ryoko and looked up at her , still sobing alittle , " ....to finally 
be able to see my mom....." she sniffed .
	"What? Are you sayin' I'm you're mommy? but i don't remember 
haveing a kid..." Ryoko then remebered what Washuu said in the lab about 
that portal that could of been from the future. " You're from the future 
aren't you?" The little girl nodded . " What's your name? "
	" My name is Kyasuki . "	
	 Once Tenchi was done training with Yosho , Yosho said good bye 
and headed back up to the shrine as Tenchi, Ryoko , and Kyasuki headed 
to the Masaki house for some dinner . All the way back to the house , 
Kyasuki kept asking questions about things she had herd from her grandma 
. 
	" Hey is it true that you saved mom from that one evil 
dude?...what was his name....oh , Kagato?" she asked curiously .
	"Ya , " he said simply , also noticeing Ryoko cringe alittle at 
the name Kagato . He began to wounder about Ryoko's past back when she 
was controled by that evil mad man, Kagato . He woundered , did Kagato 
lock Ryoko in some cold room when he didn't need her to destroy cities 
and steel priceless things? Did he hurt her when she failed ? Did he 
study how her self-healing process works , or how she could breath air , 
space , practically anything ? Did he ever tryed to kill her ? Tenchi 
shook his head , suddenly ending this round of questions that he will 
probably never get an answer to .
	"Hey , Mom , is it true that you are a space pirate ?" Kyasuki 
looked up at Ryoko waiting for a responce.
	Ryoko then realized that the little girl was talking to her ," 
....Oh.. umm.. ya , I'm a space pirate."
	"Is it also true that you were that one space pirate who almost 
completly destroyed  almost all of the Jurian force and almost completly 
destroyed the planet?" 	
	"......Ya...that is also true.." her voice seemed abit sad , " 
could..you please stop asking questions?" her voice seemed abit loud and 
abit angery at the end . Kyasuki instantly cloased her mouth not makeing 
another sound , as she glanced at her mother with that little look  
saying ' did i say something wrong?', in her eyes . Ryoko felt somewhat 
angery at herself for yelling at Kyasuki , who claims to be her future 
daughter, she let out a sigh , then gave a little smile , " Sorry for 
yellin' at ya...." , the rest of the way to the house was comepletly 
silent .
	The three of them walked into the front door of the Masaki House , 
Kyasuki glanced around the place , she then saw two people siting on the 
couch , one who looked really farmiliar to her .
	"Great Aunt Tsunami!!" she ran over to Tsunami/Sasami , and huged 
her tightly .
	"Oh , hello there Kyasuki , I'm glad you're finally here , " 
Tsunami/Sasami smiled, " but ,Kyasuki, could you just call me Sasami 
here ?"
	"Alright Aunt Tsu-.. Sasami" she said cheerfully.
	"So you are the one who opened up that portal that my scaners 
found....." the little sientist ,who was siting beside Sasami, said . 
Kyasuki looked over at the spicky red-head. 
	"Yep, hey you look like grandma..," she said as she took a closer 
look at Washu.
	"Well , maybe because I am , and I just found out about that too, 
Sasami was just talking to me about a youg girl who would be visiting us 
." She then glanced over at Ryoko , " why didn't you tell me , Ryoko? 
Why didn't you tell your mother that you and Tenchi are going to have a 
baby..?"
	" Well maybe because I didn't really think we were gonna have one, 
" Ryoko explained simply.
	"You are lieing to me Ryoko..... I can tell just by looking at you 
that you are pregnant , plus , when you walked into my lab, my scaners 
found that there was two life signs come from you , you  and the little 
baby in your stomach. " she explained as Tenchi went wide-eyed. 
	"Ryoko you are pregnant and you didn't tell me? " Tenchi looked at 
Ryoko.
	" I was gonna tell you , Tench- " Ryoko was interupted.
	" Ryoko , Tenchi , we have some things to discuse , and they are 
pretty important things at that" Washu said . Tenchi and Ryoko turned to 
Washu." We have to discuse the resons and events that Kyasuki had came 
here to warn us bought. "
	" Yes I've came here ta tell you all about this mean evil man that 
will soon attack some time after I'm born .  This evil man was sent by 
Tokami and  to kill the most powerful human in the universe , and the 
daughter of Washu . " Kyasuki explained. 
	" Tokami , is obvoiusly intregued by such power that you both hold 
, and will stop at nothing to make sure the both of you will not be a 
threat to her when you two will break into Tokami's demintion and 
attack." Washu explained further.
	" Break into her demintion? how in the world can we do that?" 
Ryoko asked." From what I understood, only imortals or semi-imortals 
known as gods and goddesses could only travel into other demintions." 
	"Wow , you do have your mothers intelegents," Washu said ." You 
will be the one to open up a portal and enter Tokami's demintion , if 
and only if the power inside of you could rise to the surface in time . 
If the powerr doesn't.....well..you will end up like future Kyasuki's 
mother did....dead...." Ryoko was shocked by this information , she 
couldn't beleive that her life depends on some power inside of her that 
might not even come out in time .
What will Ryoko do? Is this her fate to die? And what will Tenchi do , 
knowing that Ryoko may die ?
------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------
After-note: Well, there ya go! the first chapter of my first fanfic! I 
hope you liked it!^_^ see ya next chapter! Oh, and if you have any ideas 
send it to Ryoko742@Earthlink.net . Also send any C&C to 
Ryoko742@Earthlink.net      BYE BYEZ PPLZ!! ^_^


