Disclaimer:I don't own Tenchi Muyo! or any of the characters in Tenchi Muyo!. 
They belong to Pioneer and AIC . I have only created this FanFIc, and I'm not 
planing on makeing any money off of this. I'm not planing on being sued , so 
please don't . I ask that no one post this FanFic or any part of it without my 
permission . If this fic is anything like someone else's is wasn't intentional , 
so please don't go around sayin' I copied someone else's work.

Pre-Note : Hey! I'm glad ta see ya pplz this chapter!! ^_^  . I'm sorry if the 
last chapter was kinda boreing....I was kind of not in the greatest of moods 
when I wrote it . So lets see...we left off with Ryoko bursting with anger and 
also bursting with energy...it looks like she has found her mighty power that 
was doorment for so long without anyone, not even Washu ,( surprise surprise!!) 
knowing she had . Hmm.. so is Ryoko any stronger then Tenchi , with her new 
found power, or does she still have alittle way to go to surpass him? Will this 
power, that Ryoko at the time can't seem to be able to bear , at it's full 
strength, hurt the baby inside of her or efect it in any way? (remeber future 
Kyasuki's mother wasn't able to get to her full power before Kyasuki was born 
like Ryoko can now)And what is with this mission that one of Tokimi's henchmen 
(or more likely henchwomen) , Akaia , was sent on, What kind of no good things 
is she up to? Well , read and you might just find out! ^_^

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------
Tenchi Muyo! : Hidden Power
by " Kyasuki Masaki" ( Ryoko742@Earthlink. net)
Chapter 3 : " Dream"


--- Tokimi's dimension---
	"Yes, Akaia is doing just great. I think this plan is going to work quite 
nicely. Tokimi? Where are you going?" D3 looked over at Tokimi, who had left her 
thrown and was heading down toward a rather dark room, with purple clouds, and 
four statues at the back of the room.
	" I'm going to go pay my dear niece a visit." Tokimi then disappeared as 
she walked into the darkroom.

---At the jurian Palace---	

	Blasts of firing cannons could be heard from outside of the Jurian 
Palace's walls , along with the screams and crys of mercy . Juria is under 
attack!!
	"What is happening ?" she opened the door to her room , seeing  the halls 
filled with jurian soldiers heading down the hall to go fight whom ever is 
attacking . 
	" Princess Ayeka , you must stay in your room where it is safe ," a 
soldier who was now standing guard at her door along with another on the other 
side of the door .
	"Did my father order you here to guard my Room?"The soldier nodded. 
"...That must mean....Does my father really think the one attacking is actually 
strong enough to be able to enter the palace?" The soldier nodded once more. Who 
could actually be able to go threw the jurain guards at the front gate , and the 
jurain knights?.... "Who is attacking, do you know?" she asked.
	"Yes , The attacker was once a class A-1 space pirate until her files were 
deleted for not being seen for so many years as you might already know..." He 
talked as if she knew this person. No it couldn't be...could it? 
	" May I ask what is the pirate's name?" she asked hopeing it wasn't who 
she thought it was...
	" The pirate's name is..Ryoko.." 
Ayeka couldn't believe it....It was like history of Ryoko's attack on Jurai was 
repeating itself...

---Back on earth, at the Masaki house--
	Tenchi slowly awoke , he had slept in today , and wished he hadn't. 
	"Oh man...Now I'm in trouble...*yawn*..Grandpa is going to give me extra 
chores for being late." He got out of bed and got dressed quickly , but before 
he was about to run out of his room , he noticed that Ryoko was still asleep, 
along with Kyasuki who had sneaked into bed with them in the middle of the night 
. He smiled at the seen , Kyasuki was snuggled next to Ryoko with one of her 
mom's arms wrapped around her , protectively. Kyasuki had a soft content smile 
on her face as she slept , unlike Ryoko. Ryoko had a serious face on . He 
finally tore his eyes off of them and ran out of his(or should I say Ryoko and 
his) room, down the flight of stairs, grabbed the small bag of food that Sasami 
had in her hands waiting for him to pick up , and out the door he went .
	Sasami laughed alittle at Tenchi for the " How did you know I was going to 
be late" look on his face. But then she soon turned serious.

--- Back to Jurai---
	
	"Are you sure that she is gone?" Ayeka asked one of the leaders of the 
security around the planet Jurai.
	"Yes, she had differently left the planet Jurai....but sense she had 
destroyed most of our security detectors throughout the planet Jurai's area of 
space...We could not find out if she had completely left our system..."
	"I see...umm.. May I ask how she got by the security detectors in the 
first place?"
	" She seemed to have just appeared out of nowhere , but we shall check 
into it ."
How could they not know how a pirate like Ryoko got threw the 
detectors..?...This just isn't a good day..Ayeka sighed.

---Back at the Masaki house(again...)---

	Kyasuki yawned and slowly sat up, seeing that her mom was still asleep. 
She slowly and carfully got out of the bed, so not to wake Ryoko, and went down 
stairs . She saw nothing but an empty liveing room . She walked into the kitchen 
expecting to see Aunt Tusnami cooking , but only found a lonely stove . 
	"Where is everyone?" she then suddenly heard a 'miya'..She woundered if 
that could be...
	" Ryo-ohki?" she Walked out into the liveingroom, where she heard the meow 
, and found the small little cabbit sitting at the closet door, her back to 
Kyasuki . Kyasuki haddn't seen Ryo-ohki sence she had been here. She moved 
closer to the little cabbit untile her shadow moved over Ryo-ohki, causeing Ryo-
ohki she turn around and see who it was . The little cabbit raised an ear , 
woundering who the little girl was , she wasn't affriad of her , so she knew she 
wasn't someone bad. She could see a resembalance between the little girl and her 
mistress, Ryoko . She then figured it must be the little girl that Ryoko had 
talked to her about threw their mental link.
	"Miya miya," Ryo-ohki greeted the girl and hoped onto her shoulder .
	"I knew it was you Ryo-ohki , Grandma had told me all about you ." She ran 
her hand threw Ryo-ohki's soft fur, and smiled as Ryo-ohki began to purr.
	"Hmmm.. so what are you doin' here? is there something behind this door 
you want?" she then opened the door only to be surprised to find that behind it 
wasn't some ordenary closet, but a huge lab.
	"Hey this must be grandma's lab....wow..." she walked into the lab, 
closeing the door behind her. She walked around the place amaized how cool this 
lab looks. She then heard distant voices , they sounded like...grandma's and her 
Aunt Tsumami's voices(even thow Sasami/ Tsunami is actually Kyasuki's great 
aunt..she still calls her aunt..). She didn't really want to disturb them but 
her curiosity got the better of her and she walked closer to where the voices 
were comeing from.
	When she finally saw Tsunami and Washu, who was know in her adult form( 
the form Kyasuki she use to seeing), she hid behind a control panel, only so she 
wouldn't be found out, and to sorta exite things around this place...to pretend 
she was the imfimous space pirate Ryoko!listening in on a secret plan that a 
couple of GP's were talkin' about relateing to the secret transportation of 
priceless goods.
	" It seems like out big sis , Tokimi , has changed her plans of sending 
the one attacker down here to fight Ryoko and Tenchi ,  but what is she planing 
instead?" asked Washu , she seemed angery for not being able to find out about 
these evil plots that Tokimi has hidden from her and Tsunami's sight.
	" Tokimi has found out about your daughter's future duaghter travel threw 
time to warn about the attack she had first planed, and went to plan 'B'"
	" Yes , yes , that is obvious....you know? I can't believe that Tokimi 
actually found a way to break threw the demintion we had put her in...and it 
just had to be threw my daughter and her husband...Ggrrrrahh!! It makes me so 
mad to know I can't do anything about it sence I know longer have my Goddess 
power." Washu slamed her fists into the wall.
	" Sister , you know you could always get your Goddess power back , but 
that would mean you would have to take it away from what the reson you first 
gave it to her..." She held a reasureing hand on her sister's shoulder, " and 
I'm sure that you wouldn't want to take it back untile she could get a handle on 
her own Goddess power...or.."
	" Or it would be futile for her..yes , yes, I know..."
	Kyasuki was slowly crawling on the floor so she wouldn't be found out , 
but that didn't last.
	"Miya!! mia miya mia my!" Ryo-ohki miyaed as she ran over to Sasami and 
hoped onto her shoulder. Washu and Sasami both looked over at where Ryo-ohki had 
ran out from behind, finding Kyasuki , with a look on her face that said ' uh-oh 
busted.' .
	"Oh," she got up off the floor, rubing the back of her head, chuckleing a 
' man i'm in trouble' chuckle , " heh, hiya Grandma , Aunt Sasami ."she noticed 
they weren't really mad for comeing in uninvited and listening to their private 
conversation . " So, how have ya two been ? heh...heh.." Well , they didn't look 
boiling mad...
	
	----
	She stood in the darkness , wearing her black and red battle suit , with 
only her red energy sword in her right hand , as a light . She hated the 
dark...it reminded her of the cave that she was imprisoned in . She could sence 
another presence with her.
	"Who's there!!?" She held her energy sword infront of her, ready to fight.
	"Well, well, well....." the voice was heard , fallowed by an evil chuckle. 
Ryoko spun around , her eyes darting around in the dark , she couldn't pinpoint 
where the voice came from.
	"Tell me! Who are you?!" Ryoko yelled as she continued to look around . 
	" You don't remeber me , Ryoko?" she froze....the way the voice said her 
name, reminded her of someone....chills were sent down her spine.
	" You can't be...." she shook her head in disbelief , yet her most feared 
thoughts of that person still being alive were comfermed when he walked into her 
view. 
	" It is me, Ryoko ," he pushed his small glasses up , and grined at her 
with that annoying, evil grin .
	" Kagato..." Why was he here? He is dead , and was sent the the demintion 
where all the mad, and evil dead went to...The Kayotou Demintion. She grew 
angery and swung her energy sword threw his neck , but before the blade was able 
to make contact , he grabed the sword .
	" It looks like you've lost it , Ryoko , you've lost what I had taught 
about battleing." Right then Ryoko created a energy sword in her left hand, then 
thrusting it into his shoulder , Kagato's image swirled and faded with a hiss . 
His real self appeared behind her, with a sword of his own at her neck .
	"Damn." she swore.
	"Yes , Ryoko , you have sertainly lost it , you can't even tell the 
difference between myself and my shadow , it's sad really ." Kagato sounded 
alittle disapointed , " but of corse it is to be expected , cunsidering that you 
are defective."
	"Shut up, I'm not defective!!" Right then, a shock wave of energy burst 
out of her body , forceing Kagato to be pushed away .
	"It looks like you have learned a few new tricks , how amuseing." he 
reactivated his energy sword, that was first deactivated by the shock wave, " 
but that still doesn't change the fact that you are weak."
	" Stop it! I'm not devective, I'm not weak!" she charged at him with anger 
in her eyes, her energy sword drawn back ready to strike, but right before she 
could thrust one of her swords into his chest, Kagato side steped then turned to 
face Ryoko as she flew by, then raiseing his left hand , fireing several beams 
of energy at Ryoko. She quickly teleported out of danger, reappearing next to 
Kagato, slashing her sword with his.
	"Don't you see , you are defective and weak because you let your emotions 
control you . Emotions bind your fighting skills to apoint where all you seem to 
be doing in blasting everything in sight , they also efect your judgement ." 
Ryoko anf Kagato, jumped back away from each other , and back in their fighting 
stances .
	"That boy , Tenchi," he said Tenchi's name with disgust , " he is the 
cause of one of the most strongest, yet the most thickest blindfold that could 
afect you fighting and resoning , he will be the cause of your death. You should 
know that by know, after I've taught you that lesson many times."
	"Shut up, Tenchi has made me strong, he hasn't blinded me at all!" Ryoko 
yelled in anger.
	"Don't you see? He has already blinded your resoning, and soon enough he 
will efect your fighting skills to where you won't be able to even defend 
yourself . You could have surpased him along time ago with all the potenchel you 
have along with all your power , but that boy has slowed you down , makeing you 
weak and vonerable." Ryoko seemed to be listening.
	" No..I have slowed myself down , I just haven't really put my mind to 
practiceing." 
	"Exactally , he has been distracting you , because of him you haven't been 
liveing up to your name ."
	" ....."
	" As you stay here on this backwatered planet , you skills are 
weakening...this planet is poisoning you and everyone along with it."
	"...This place is my home , it is the only place I ever knew as home , and 
I will never leave it! I'll never leave Tenchi  or my daughter! I love 
them....You are wrong Kagato , they don't weaken me, they are the ones that have 
made  me stronger, and I'm gonna stay here and protect them!" The darkness that 
once surounded Ryoko was then ingulfed by the sudden burst of white light that 
sprang from her body . Kagato yelled in pain.
	"Your a space Pirate, bounty hunters fallow, as do the people who hate 
you, you better leave soon, before this whole planet, including your family will 
be destroyed" He disappeared, with his laughter echoing in the air.
	Is what he said be true? Don't be rediculess..
	Once the white light faded , there stood only Ryoko , whos once black and 
red battle suit she had been wearing, had changed color, the black to a dark 
blue and the red to white, along with a white cloak . Three dark blue gems that 
were arnaged in an up-side-down triangle glew slightly with this new and unknow 
green energy , which also glew around the outside of her now glowing white eyes 
. Her cyan spicky hair swayed as this transformation acured . Her eyes soon 
returned to their normal goldish color as she instinctively lowered her power 
some, but not low enough to completely return to her normal self. 
	She stood there, in a place she never saw before. The floor was clear like 
glass, so you could see these blue stars . To her left she saw a rather large 
door , and to her right she sees all long hallway which the walls were made of 
what looked like really long mirrors. She glanced above her seeing some of the 
blue stars and some purple , thin clouds?
	" Hmm.. it looks like I'm no longer in Kansas anymore ," she laughed at 
herself for useing a line from a American movie she saw once on the forgen 
channel ,  but soon stoped her laughing and began walking toward the large door 
that was off to her left .
	As she aproached to the and was able to open it, it creeked alittle then 
slowly opened . When the doors were fully opened she walked threw, she emedietly 
saw four statues , they were all women . The one on the far left, Ryoko 
emedeietly reconized as Tsunami , the one next to Tsunami was Washu, and the one 
next to her mother was....was...she couldn't reconize the woman . She walked 
closer to the therd statue to get a better look . Ryoko was to distracted by 
trying to figure out who she was that she didn't know someone else was in the 
room with her untile she felt a hand on her shoulder. Ryoko spun around , seeing 
a woman, her eyes her were dark, and the whites of her eyes were tinted blue , 
her hands were claws , and her dress was wierd looking yet beutiful at the same 
time . She also had the strangest head ordament she had ever seen ,it looked 
nothing like Ayeka's head ordament made of jurian wood woven together. It had 
three peices of cloth which looked alot like long feathers , Ryoko had never 
seen something like that before....what a seconded. Ryoko looked back at the 
statue she stood infront and back at the woman . It was her, she was the woman ! 
	"Who are you?" Ryoko asked , she was now picking up some bad vibes off of 
the woman that just sent chills down her spine, and those long purple claws 
weren't helping.
	" I'm one of the three elder goddesses ." She said as she looked past 
Ryoko to the statues. Ryoko also looked back to them, yet she saw four 
statues...but the forth one, the one which was in the middle with the three 
others surounding her faceing out, most of her was hidden in the shadows .
	" ...You mean..your one of my mother's sisters , your Tokimi!" a red 
energy blade appeared in her right hand and she was about to attack, but her 
energy blade was clashed aginst Tokimi's purple barrier. A grin with a hint of 
Tokimi's evil nature crossed her face.
	" Come now Ryoko, I'm not here to battle around with someone who can't 
control her own power .I've just came to see how my favorite niece."
	" Ya right, more like kill your only niece." Ryoko continued to force her 
energy blade down apon the purple barrier.
	" Actually, I really did want to know how you are doing handleing your 
powers, it looks like you haven't over done yourself and killed yourself 
yet...to bad. You better be ready the next time we meet, becasue the next time 
we do....." Tokimi's voice echoed threw the room , as her image faded. Ryoko 
deactivated her energy blade. 
	" I'll be waiting!!" Ryoko yelled . She took a last glance at the statues 
, who is the forth woman? Tokimi said she was one of the ' three' elder 
Goddesses. If there is only three, why is there even a fourth statue?...Suddenly 
the place flashed white, Ryoko sheilded her eyes.

	---
	Ryoko suddenly woke up. She felt wierd as she looked around the room, 
everything seemed ...different to her , like she was looking at the things 
through a new pair of eyes . Shruging her shoulders she teleported downstairs , 
appearing next to the closet door , that led to Washu's lab. She wanted to talk 
to Washu, and Tsunami about what just happened to her .
	She finally found Washu and Tsunami deep in the lab , along with Kyasuki. 
She woundered for a seconded how she knew where Washu and Tsunami would be...she 
shook her head and walked up to them . Once Washu and Sasami looked over at her, 
Washu's mouth hung open in surprise.
	"What?" Ryoko woundered what Washu was looking at. She glanced behind her, 
then back at Washu, "What are you stairin' at?"
	"You , Ryoko, I'm stairing at you. Tsunami did you know about this...?" 
Sasami shook her head.
	" No, I'm guessing that Tokimi must have been the reson why."
	"What are you two talking about!?" Ryoko asked , completely clueless. 
Suddenly Kyasuki lifted her head up, she first looked alittle sad, as if she was 
in trouble, but once she fell her eyes on Ryoko, her eyes widened.
	"Wow, Mommy, cool lookin' battle suit, where did you get those gems that 
are on your forehead?" 
	"What?" she looked down at her battle suit, seeing that she was in the 
same battle suit that she was in , in her dream along with the same white cloak. 
She then reached up to her forehead feeling the three gems. " Why am I still 
lookin' like this...?"
	"What do you mean still?How long have you been up to transform?" Washu 
asked.
	"I just woke up, and came down here to talk to you two about the deam I 
had, with Tokimi in it."
	" So, Tokimi was the cause of your transformation?" Washu asked.
	"No, kagato was. He was also in my dream, he got me so mad that...I blew 
him away and transformed." All three, Washu, Tsunami, and Kyasuki, nodded.
	"Okay back to Tokimi, what was she doing?" Washu seemed interested on what 
her older sister was up to.
	" Nothing really, I appeared in this weird lookin' place with blue stars 
and purple clouds, and the floor made of glass. I then walked threw a door and 
saw these statues,"
	" The statues of the three elder goddesses..." Washu interupted.
	"But there were four statues there...Three of them were the elder 
goddesses, but I couldn't quite see the fourth one."
	"Yes, there is now a fourth statue." Ryoko and Washu looked back at 
Tsunami," The fourth statue is the Goddess of Power, or so the profecy 
says....this goddess pocesses the powers that all three of the elder goddesses 
have, the Goddess of Good, who controls the power from nature, and who can see 
the past and to be future. The Goddess of Evil, who controls the power from the 
underworld, and who can perswaid people to do her bidding. And The Goddess of 
Chaos, who controls the power of the creative mind, and who is the gaurdian of 
the bourders of all demintions." 
	" Wow....man , that person could probably kick anyone's ass ," Ryoko 
awwed.
	" Yes, she could, if she is able to handle all of that power without 
killing herself first." Tsunami added.
	"Wait a second, if she is a goddess, doesn't that mean she is immortal?" 
Ryoko questioned her, with a raised eye brows. She never heard of a goddess 
being killed.
	" Well all goddesses are immortal, but can still be destroyed in two ways, 
by being turned into a mortal , or by fighting aginst someone way more powerful 
then themself."Tsunami took a breath, " but there is one exseption to this auto-
matic immortal thing, and that is the most powerful being ever that the profecy 
talks about, and that is the Goddess of Power."
	" The goddess of Power," Washu continues, " starts off as a mortal , so 
she has to go threw tests of her worthyness of this power doorment inside of her 
without her knowlege of it being there. Now as the profecy says, if this woman 
can survive these tests , the power inside of her will come out in the most 
important time, which is the battle aginst a jeilous goddess and turn her human, 
but of corse that is only on major battle aginst many that could pop up.But now 
if she doesn't pass all the tests, she will be killed and then spend forever in 
the Kayotou Demintion ,there the fallen goddess shall suffer horiblely ." Washu 
finished sadly.
	" After, and only after the sucsess of turning the jeilous goddess into a 
mortal, will the Goddess of Power, become semi-immortal. She now will go threw 
hard ships, devistateing desitions, and many battles more before she can become 
full immortal , you might think it is wierd to start off as mortal then become 
immortal, but there is good reson....." 	
	Washu once agin continues for Tsunami," Mortals have emtions that give 
them the strength to do what they want, to full fill dreams ,to surpass their 
suposed limits. The emtions of immortals don't have such an inpact, because they 
already have their power to sucseed to a surtain limit but sence they didn't 
start off with nothing, they can't use that emotion to be able to surpass their 
forseen abilities. But even thow surtain goddesses do try to surpass their 
limits, they just can't , because they don't understand how this whole emotion 
buster works exactly.So thats why the Goddess of Power, who is also known as the 
Goddess of Power and Emotion in other legends, is the most powerful."
	Tsunami was talking as if she was with this high and mighty Goddess 
now...bye why? there is only Washu, myself, Kyasuki and herself. What is goin' 
on?Ryoko continued to think about it, and finally knew who with the fourth 
statue was. She looked down at Kyasuki, who held so much pride in her eyes by 
listening to this story about her mommy.
	"I'm this Goddess of Power aren't I..." she was in shock.Ryoko looked back 
and forth from Washu to Tsunami, her question sounded alittle more like a 
statement then a question, yet someone still answered.
	" Yes ,Ryoko, you are,"Washu then huged her daughter, she held pride in 
her eyes, yet she was also worried for there is still many terrible tests her 
little Ryoko will have to go threw.
	Ryoko huged her mother back, and once Washu finally let go, Kyasuki jumped 
into her arms, hugging her so tight.
	"Wow, I never knew my mommy was really a super- Goddess!! That is soooooo 
cool!!" Ryoko laughed, as she huged her future daughter.
	"Well I'm going to get started on a late launch," Tsunami then walked away 
heading out of the lab, toward the kitchen.
	
---Tokimi's Demintion---
	Tokimi stood there, in the dark room, with the blue stars trying to hide 
from the goddess's sight behind the purple clouds. Tokimi looked up at the four 
statues , she was expesually looking at the fourth one, the one in the middle. 
	"I'll get that power of your's and get out of my cursed demintion....and 
I'll beable to walk the actual floor of this Goddess temple instead of the 
replicate as I am now....I'm so going to injoy spilling your blood apon the 
ground of this very room, to show the profecy that the legend of the Goddess of 
Power is wrong...and that she isn't a mortal who goes threw a journey to become 
a immortal, but a immortal who destroys any woman foolish to think she was or 
could ever be such a being.I'll show you I'm that being!" She glared at the 
fourth statue then truned to leave.
	The statues soon began to come out of the shadows as the blue stars came 
out of their hideing places, and shown in all their brightness, giveing the 
effect that the statue were glowing. The face of the fourth statue was taken out 
of the shadows as the three stoned gems on its forehead began to glow as if 
real. The statues feline eyes were closed shut, her mouth showing several 
emotions at once even thow it was nothing but a perfect straight but short line. 
Her spicky hair was in a position as if it was alittle bressy , her arms were 
crossed in front of her chest, to show protection of her loved ones and of her 
job of being gaurd of all demintions. Her clothes her a skin tight armored 
battle suit, with a cloak that hung to her ankles, and she also wore a necklace, 
with one singal gem on it, the necklace showed friendship and promise. And as 
the statue of the Goddess of Power stood fermly with her head tilted down just a 
bit , what looked like water streemed down from the corner of her left eye and 
down her cheek, soon falling to the floor, a test of love , honsety, and 
friendship was to come.

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------

After-note: wow!! I had no idea this chapter was gonna turn out this big. Hmmm.. 
so whats this Profecy? Well, it is like a legend for the gods and Goddesses, 
when to the mortals it is a myth that some people, but not all ,believe to be 
true.So do ya have any comments? email me at Ryoko742@earthlink.net     See ya 
next chapter!!^_^	
