Note: Set after the Tenchi TV series.

     "Tenchi!  Man, where the hell have you been?!"
     Masaki Tenchi turned around to find his friend, Yoshihito Asano
running up to him full tilt.  He wasn't surprised by the question, he
had been absent from school for a good month.  However, his excuse was
quite possibly the biggest lie he had ever been a part of in his life.
"Hey, Asano... I was in the hospital."
     "For a month?  What in the world was wrong with you?"  His friend's
voice had quickly went from curiosity and accusation, to concern.
     "Actually, it's sort of personal." Tenchi replied.  He did have an
answer if pressed, but he would rather not have to use it.  The deeper
the lie, the more likely it would return to bite you in the ass.
     "Well," Asano began, "I won't press then."  He slapped Tenchi on
the back and laughed.  "It's been boring around here without ya!"
     "Oh?" Tenchi ventured, "And why is that?"
     "Huh?  Why?  What, has being on your back for a month made you
senile?  Have you so soon forgotten about Takechi?  What about Akemi...
I can't believe you've forgotten *her*!"  He poked Tenchi in the ribs.
"They all haven't forgotten you, my man... and if I were you I'd shake
up my memory or you're going to pay dearly for your ignorance."
     Tenchi, for his own part, was wracking his skull.  The past month,
though it may not seem like a long time, was wrought with more adventure
than most receive in ten lifetimes.  He had done everything from
fighting off the advances of multiple alien females, to liberating an
advanced extra-terrestrial society from an evil dictator.  He had gone
from a, relatively, normal Japanese school boy, to an Earth/Juraian
hybrid with amazing powers and a knack for finding himself in trouble.
     One thing he was certain of, he would never say Sailor Moon was a
"little girl's show" ever again.
     Suddenly, as if in a moment of inspiration, it struck him.  The
memories of his life before insanity came flooding back.  "Oh, shit." he
muttered under his breath.
     Due to how quite it was on the sidewalk, Asano heard it.  "Damn
right, Tenchi," he said while nodding his head.  "You are going to be in
for it."  A mischevious glint entered his eye.  "So, what are you going
to do?"
     Tenchi sighed, stopping and rubbing his temples slightly.  How
could his life possibly go from what it had been for the past month, to
*worse*?  It simply wasn't possible, was it?  How could he not remember
Akemi?  She was his first girlfriend for crying out loud.  His first
love, his first kiss, his first... "Asano," he stated, very simply, "I
am in deep...."

- PM Productions Presents -

     "Shit," Asano completed.  "Yeah, you are... question is, what are
you going to do about it?  Last I heard Takechi was out for your head
for leaving his sister hanging.  This added to the fact that he was
*already* after your carcass for...."
     "I know," Tenchi interjected.  "I don't need to be reminded
anymore."  He continued walking toward the school, though his pace was
much slower.
     "Drag your feet all you like, but the campus is but two blocks
away.  It's only a matter of time."  Asano put a hand on Tenchi's
shoulder.  "Listen, pal, you should have at least told someone where you
were.  It's as if you disappeared off the face of the planet."
     Tenchi grimaced.  "I... have my reasons."
     "Hey, I can respect that.  I'm just not sure Akemi or Takeshi is
going to buy it.  They are at least going to want to know what happened
to you... and given how close you were to Akemi, I'd say she deserves
the truth."

- A Phillip Masters Fanfic -

     Tenchi sighed again.  His head was beginning to ache.  He could
have just asked Asano to beat the tar out of him right then and there
for his lack of recall to begin with.  However, he knew he would meet
with his rightful fate when he arrived at school.
     "Here we are," Asano announced as they walked up to the gate of the
High School.
     They had made it somewhat early, even given Tenchi's attempt to
drag the voyage on forever.  The building loomed before him, like a
gothic castle, complete with gargoyles and vampires.  The promise of
pain and mental anguish laid behind those stone walls.  It humbled him,
moreso than anything else he had faced.
     "Hey!  Hey, Tenchi!" Asano yelled as he snapped his fingers in
front of his friend's face.
     "Huh?" Tenchi said, shaken from his temporary shock.
     "We're about fifteen minutes early.  There aren't many people here.
I don't think you want to be standing here at the only entrance to the
school when 'you know who' gets here...."
     "Tenchi?"
     Both boys turned to find a young girl, about seventeen, staring at
them curiously.  Staring at Tenchi to be exact.  Her large, green eyes
sparkled with barely contained tears.  Slender shoulders trembling, she
slowly approached the person she had assumed left her forever.  After
three steps she could no longer hold back and ran the remaining space
between herself and him, tears streaming down her face.
     Tenchi could only stare, and gulp audibly.

- Home Again: The Continuation -

     Asano watched impassively as Akemi wrapped her arms around Tenchi,
squeezing him into a bear hug that would have made the Jaws of Life feel
insecure.  He then looked to his left, and saw another person, a young
man.  The young man was tall and well built... and looked remarkably
like Akemi.  "Hey, Takeshi!  How was your weekend?"  He knew the
question would not deflect the man's attention from Tenchi, but as his
friend he needed to give it a shot.
     Surprisingly, it worked.  "Hey, Asano... where was Tenchi, if you
don't mind me asking?"  Even though it was an innocent question, Asano
couldn't help but notice how much like an order it sounded.
     "He says he was in the hospital... but don't ask what for, he
wouldn't tell me."
     Takeshi nodded, turning his gaze back to his sister, still trying
to hold all of Tenchi at once in her arms.  "Is that so?" he whispered.
     After another minute of Akemi holding, and Tenchi blushing, she
released him.  Her hands proceeded to pat him down, like a worried
mother might check on her son after an accident.  "Are you okay?" she
asked, "What happened to you?"
     At first, Tenchi's mouth opened to give the standard response.
However, before sound could be produced he shut it again.  He simply
couldn't lie to the girl before him... the girl he had almost
forgotten... the girl that he still loved. "Akemi... we have to talk
later... privately."  He grabbed her into a hug, much lighter than the
one he had received.  "I missed you," he whispered into her ear.  He
felt her shudder slightly.
     "Oh, Tenchi, I missed you too."  She backed away and punched him in
the gut, causing him to double over.  "Don't you *ever* do that to me
again!!"
     "Yes, ma'am," Tenchi coughed.

- Chapter One: No Need for a Reunion -

     Takeshi walked over to Tenchi and bent over.  "You're lucky you
came back, Masaki... if you hadn't, my sister would have been very
upset.  You know how I get when that happens?"
     Tenchi stood up and bushed off his shirt.  "Yeah, Takeshi, I do...
and I promise I won't leave her again."
     "You best not."
     "Oniichan!  Stop picking on my boyfriend!" Akemi yelled and stepped
on his foot.
     Takeshi winced and moved away from Tenchi.  "Sure, sure... no
problem."
     Asano came up to the group, having stayed at minimum safe distance
until he was positive everything was in the green.  "Damn, I thought you
two were going to duke it out."
     The three looked toward Asano, and found he was not the only one
who suspected a violent outcome.  An entire audience of spectators had
grown behind him, just inside the gates of the school.  There were
various degrees of facial expressions on those watching, from
disappointment, to raw curiousity.
     A young man detached from the group and came up to Tenchi.  "Hey,
welcome back... what happened to you?"
     Tenchi stared at the boy for a moment, until recognition came
about.  "Satoru!  I'll tell you about it later... it's almost time for
class."
     With that, the crowd dispersed, and Tenchi and Co. made their way
into the building.
     Once he made it to his class, after deflecting a number of other
questioning friends, he handed the teacher his excuse note.  She read it
over a few times, twice looking up at him as if his eyes would reveal
the true nature of his absence.  "Very well, Mr. Masaki... take your
seat.  You have a lot of catching up to do."
     The classes went by without a hitch.  Though Tenchi had been gone a
while, he had made sure to keep up with his studies.  He'd spent his
free time reading text books and historical literature to stay in touch
with his home world.  It seemed that he had gone too far though, as what
the teacher was saying in most of the classes was old hat to him.
     Lunch time finally came and he found himself in a battle for one of
the last remaining pork buns.  The training he had received in the past
month in strategy and fighting techniques proved to be very beneficial,
and he easily overcame the opposition.  He held up his prize like a
round, steaming chunk of ambrosia.
     Carrying his bun in one hand, and a can of pop in the other, he
made his way to the table at which sat Akemi, Asano, and Satoru.
Takeshi was, fortunately, in a different class, therefor his lunch was
next.
     "Hey, if it's not the mystery man of the hour!" Satoru cried as he
spotted Tenchi approaching.
     All eyes turned to him as he sat at the table, laying his well
earned meal in front of him.  "What's up?" he asked as he noticed
everyone continuing to stare at him.
     "What's up?" Asano returned.  He laughed and looked around the
table.  He was answered by everyone joining in the laughter.
     Tenchi was sure why everyone seemed to be in such a sudden jovial
mood, but he chose to ignore it.  He bit into his pork bun and savored
the flavor of food that was hard earned.
     "Okay, Tenchi... spill it." Satoru ordered after putting down his
box of juice.
     Tenchi briefly considered knocking Satoru's juice over, but due to
the little hole with the straw at its top the joke would have most
likely fell short.  "Spill what?"
     Asano took up the reigns, not given a moment's reprieve.  "You know
what, monkey boy, where were you really?"  He looked pointedly at the
girl sitting across from him.  "Akemi here says you want to tell her in
private... why can't you tell us all?"
     Tenchi glanced over at Akemi who was next to him.  She looked back
at him, the same question alight in her eyes.  He found himself
entranced by them briefly, then pulled away and took a swig of his pop.
"You guys wouldn't believe me if I told you."
     "Try us," Satoru shot back.  He seemed the most excited of them
all.  Given that he was the otaku of the group, it was a small wonder.
He most likely expected an unbelievable story of demons, space battles,
and damsels in distress.
     Won't he be surprised, Tenchi thought.  Then, out loud, he said,
"I'll tell you all... but only at my grandfather's shrine, this evening.
All of you be there at seven."
     Asano looked ready to protest, but he soon accepted it.  He went
back to his conversation with Satoru, before Tenchi had arrived.
     Tenchi finished his lunch and felt Akemi lean against him.  He put
an arm around her and relaxed.  It felt so good to be home, and safe,
with someone he loved close by.  He reached up and stroked her hair.  It
was soft, as he remembered it.  He had always liked her hair... blue
and... blue?  Where had that come from?
     "Are you alright, dear?"
     Tenchi blinked and looked down at Akemi, who was staring up at him
with a worried expression.  "Yeah, why?"
     "You just seem troubled, that's all."
     "No, I'm okay."  He kissed her lightly on the lips, and a shiver
went down his spine.  It had been so long since he had felt those soft
lips against his own.
     An exaggerated sigh drew the couple's attention away from one
another.  Across the table, with their heads cradled in their hands, was
Asano and Satoru, laying it on thick with the doe eyes and light smiles.
     "Oh, cut it out!" Tenchi said, and swatted at his two laughing
friends.
     Lunch ended shortly after, and everyone returned the class.  The
conclusion of the school day was much like the beginning.  Everything
the teacher taught, Tenchi already knew.  She was impressed that he had
kept up so well.  When the bell rang she asked him to stay after for a
moment.
     "Yes, Shueisha-sensei?"
     "Yes, Mr. Masaki... it seems you have been staying on top of your
studies while you were away."
     Tenchi nodded.  "I tried."
     The teacher shook her head.  "It's very commendable... you know
more than the other students."  She opened a desk drawer and pulled out
a slip of paper.  She wrote down a set of instructions and handed it to
Tenchi.  "At first I was going to have you make up the homework to get
your grade back up... however, this would most likely be very boring to
you.  So, instead I'll have you take a test and this will determine what
base grade I use to calculate your final from here on."
     Tenchi nodded in understanding and looked down at the piece of
paper.  Upon it was a listing of chapters.
     "That," the teacher explained, "is a listing of what chapters the
test will be based on.  You  have two days until I give it to you, so
you should skim through the information in those chapters to make sure
you know it all thoroughly."
     "Okay," Tenchi replied, then bowed.  "Thank you, Shueisha-sensei."
     Shueisha smiled.  "No problem, Tenchi... welcome home."
     Tenchi returned the smile, and headed out the door.  Outside the
school he found Akemi waiting for him with Asano.  She ran up to him and
asked what the teacher wanted with him.  After telling her she seemed
ecstatic.
     "That's so cool!" she squealed, taking Tenchi's arm in her own.
     Asano looked pretty impressed as well.  "Yeah, I gotta admit,
that's pretty good."
     They walked as a group out to the busstop, which was packed with
kids trying to get home.  The only bus which went out to where Tenchi
lived was down the road a ways, and he rode it with a few others who he
didn't know.  After saying his goodbyes to his friends he made his way
to his own bench and sat down.  In a few minutes the bus arrived, late
as usual.  Most mass transit in Japan was very prompt, Tenchi was
blessed with one of the few who weren't.
     The bus trip was uneventful as usual.  As he exited the metal
monster, he stared up the steps which led to the Masaki family shrine.
Only a month ago it was the most exciting place on Earth, and no one
knew about it.  Now, it was just a shrine, like any other, even if what
it was built for was no longer there.
     As he climbed his thoughts gradually went from Washu to the entire
alien group.  How his life had been such a... carnival... for such a
brief period of time.  Then, the carnival moved on, as it always did.
He stopped and stared out into the valley where Ryouko's ship had
crashed what seemed like an eternity ago.  As his gaze passed back
toward where he was going, he heard a light meow.
     Instantly, he looked at the source of the sound, only to find a
regular house cat sitting on a stone at the side of the path.  After
meowing again, it leapt off, as if startled suddenly.  Tenchi watched it
run off, confused, then shrugged and began to climb once more.  As he
looked forward again, he saw a blue haired woman standing above him.  He
froze and blinked... when his eyes opened she was no longer there.
     "Get a hold of yourself, Tenchi," he muttered to himself and
slapped his cheeks a few times.
     He heard the light sound of rushing air behind him and a pair of
familiar arms wrapped around his neck.  Jumping slightly, he dropped his
school satchel and swirled around.  He came face to face with...
"Ryouko."
     She smiled at him.  "Can I get a hold of you instead?"
     At that point, everything became to much for Tenchi, and he opted
to lose consciousness, with the hope that all his problems would be
solved when he woke.
     As it would turn out, no such luck.

END Chapter One
Don't ask... just do not ask.  I sat down with the intent of continuing
something... I tried... repeatedly, and it just wouldn't work... so,
feeling the need to write *something*, I began to type with Tenchi as a
basis, and this is the result.  Is it worthy of being continued?  Send
all comments here.
Thanks for reading,
PMasters (11-12-98)