Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki! Tenchi Houkai: Collapse of Heaven & Earth
         By Daniel Nguyen (sephzero@hotmail.com)

        Disclaimer: AIC/Pioneer copyrights Tenchi Muyo. So please don't 
go and sue. The Author copyrights also all other characters.
        Author Notes: This fanfic is pretty much based on the OVA 
series. I will be introducing Kiyone and other characters from the manga 
series also. Also I will be adding in some new characters. Some facts in 
this series don't hold true for the actual series.


Episode1 "The Carnival"

        Floating in space was the old GP headquarters now converted into 
a high tech prison for serious offenders.  A Tech quit sipped his cup of 
coffee while gazing lazily at the security counsel before him. He wonder 
what was the point of this job, yeah he was watching over the most 
dangerous criminal ever, but there has been no incidents for the last 
500 years. As he let out a sigh, a strange beeping noise emanating from 
his counsel, looking at it he spit out his coffee in shock.

        "Shit," he screamed as he yelled at the other Techs, "Red Alert, 
unknown power fluctuation in the Subspace chamber Alpha." Every face 
opened in terror as the all the computer screens started to deactivate 
all the locks in the Alpha chamber. But that was short live as streams 
of electricity ripped through the chamber tearing everything apart. 

        In the commander chamber of the station the Commander of the 
station look sadly at the incoming reports from the lower decks. He had 
thought the day would never come, as an official of the Juria military 
he knew what was inside Chamber Alpha. 

        "Commander, what she would we do?" asked one of the nearby GP 
officer in panic. This interrupted his train of thought as he turns to 
her.

        "Order all living personals to abandon the station, there is 
nothing in any of our power to do." he replied as he sat down in his 
seat. He stared at the chart on the computers screen and wonder how many 
will escape this alive. He flick opened a panel on his armrest and 
pushed a button on it to send out the last transmission that will ever 
be sent from here. 

        Meanwhile in the Subspace Chamber a dimensional rift was torn 
open and a black oily mass started form. It grew larger and larger as 
more streams of electricity started to emanate out of it. It slowly 
formed it a humanoid shape, except that everything, but the head was 
made up of the black oily substance it came from. It was dressed in a 
totally black cloak with some curving spike silver hair in the front 
that goes halfway down in the back. Its eyes were like black opals. The 
figure chuckled as images of GP officer attempting to escape, but were 
eradicated by his power.

        "Run," his disembodied voice laughed, "hide, no matter where you 
go or what you do I will destroy you. No one can resist the power of 
Kaine!" His laughed echo through the station drowning out the cries for 
help from the people.

        The Commander just sat in his chair as a stream of electricity 
came straight at him. He didn't even screamed as it tore through him and 
the rest of the station. Explosion rocked the station as it slowly 
started to rip apart. 

        In the deepness of space a lone GP ship drift searching for its 
prey. In the bridge sat Detective full class, Sephiros and his partner 
Detective 2nd class, Namia. Sephiros' had They were currently in pursuit 
of the A1 criminal Akio, who was wanted for Grand Theft in the Ultra 
Energy Crisis. So far they have found her, but unfortunately making her 
surrender was not the easiest thing to do at all.
        
	"Come on & surrender." Sephiros cried at the teasing space pirate 
on the screen.
        
	"Not until you promise to be mine." laughed Akio back.

	Sephiros let out a sweat drop upon hearing that. His partner Namia 
was quietly chuckling in amusement at Sephiros predicament. This problem 
all started several years ago when Akio had kidnapped Sephiros during a 
heist back during the Ultra Energy Crisis. Ever since then Akio had a 
total infatuation with Sephiros that had no bounds, Namia even had to 
save Sephiros once when Akio attempted to seduce him.

	"This an emergency code red alert, A1 class criminal Kaine..." a 
radio message suddenly burst in. Before the message could be heard 
anymore a burst of light filled the screen as an explosion light up the 
heavens. Then a Shockwave of energy slammed into both ships sending both 
hapless ships spinning into the cosmos of space.

Two days later    

        It was a beautiful spring day as the bus drove through the 
countryside to its destination. The bus was practically empty except for 
a lone girl sitting in the backseat staring dreamily at the countryside. 
She had dark purplish black hair tied up in a large ponytail sticking up 
in the back. The girl wore a simple red sweater and brown pant outfit. 
Her eyes were a brownish black color that seems to spark with power.

        "Hey Niko!" The bus driver said as the bus slowly came to a 
stop.

        Snapping back to reality Niko asked, "Yes?"

        "This is your stop." the Driver replied opening the doors.
 
        "Thank you." She said as she got up and got off the bus. The bus 
hastily speeds away after she had left. Before her was a long row of 
stairs leading up to the top of the hill. She looks gloomily at her long 
journey ahead of her when she heard an explosion coming from a lakeside 
at the base of the hill. Turning she noticed a large house by the lake 
with a huge column of smoke erupting from part of it. Niko waited to see 
what would happen next.

        Tenchi was not having a good day as he stared at the ruins of 
what was once the family room. Standing totally wasted were the charcoal 
forms of what appeared to be Ryoko and Ayeka. The two had once again got 
into another fight that destroyed the room they were in. Tenchi could 
only groan as Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, and Mihoshi stuck their heads out of the 
kitchen to see if the fighting had stop. Washu was still in her 
dimensional lab and knew nothing of what just happen.

        "I'm going up to the shrine Sasami." Tenchi said as he started 
to exit the house.

        "Bye Tenchi," Sasami replied waving, "Be sure to be back for 
dinner."

        Tenchi strolled down the walkway to the gate where Ayeka's two 
Guardians were stationed, Azaka & Kamidake. Tenchi waved to them as he 
passed through the gate. He briskly walked up the path to his Grandpa's 
Shrine, when he came across a girl standing at the base of the stairs.

        "Excuse me," the girl said noticing Tenchi's arrival, "I'm kind 
of lost, is there a Masaki Shrine around here?" 

        Tenchi stood stun, before he manage to stuttered, "Why yes, it 
just up this flight of stair."  Then he manage to say, "Well I'm going 
there myself, would you like me to escort you?"

        The girl chuckled and replied, "Sure that would be nice." "My 
name is Niko." She said to Tenchi.

        "That's a nice name Niko, mine is Tenchi." Tenchi said as they 
started up the stairs. As they walked up the stairs Tenchi could not 
help, but stare at Niko. He was surprised on how she resembles his mom 
so much.  Tenchi shook his head in disbelief as he pushed the thought to 
the back of his head.

        Curious, Niko asked, "Is something wrong Tenchi?"

        Tenchi turn red and answer, "No it's nothing."

        "I most remind you of someone you really love and care for." She 
asked and Tenchi nodded in response.

        "Tenchi!" a voiced yelled from above. Tenchi immediately 
realized that they have already reached the top of the stairs. Standing 
before them was Tenchi's Grandfather the priest of the Shrine.

        "Ah Tenchi," Grandpa said noticing Niko, "I've seen you meet our 
new guest."

        Looking at his Grandpa in shook, Tenchi gasped, "You invited her 
here?"

        Grandpa nodded and continued, "A friend of mind ask if I could 
train her a bit and I accepted."

        "Where will she be staying?" Tenchi cried back.

        "At your house by the lake." Grandpa answered. "Now go work in 
the carrot field and Niko please come with me to the office." Grandpa 
said as he turns and walk to the office with Niko, leaving Tenchi 
stunned as a statue.

        Back at the house Ryoko was fuming on the roof about the fight 
she had with Ayeka. Every day when she tried to get to Tenchi that 
annoying princess would get in the way all the time. If only that 
princess had never came she would have had Tenchi by now. As Ryoko sat 
there brooding over her problem, two shadows appeared over her. Ryoko 
immediately leaped backward in shock till she notice who they were.

        "Lightning Eagle? Thunder Hawk?" She said at the two Juria 
Guardians before her. They were slightly different from Ayeka's. They 
were shaped like a wedge with a big piece of wood resembling a large 
bokken connected on the bottom. Also they had three orbs instead of one 
in the front and had little flight manipulators connected in the middle. 
The two also had a constant hovering system on and never touch the 
ground.

        "Greeting Lady Ryoko!" the two said as they bowed to Ryoko.

        Shock at their appearance, Ryoko asked, "How long have you been 
on earth?"

        Lightning Eagle answered, "We have been on earth since Azusa's 
ship entered your atmosphere one week ago." 

        "We ask for your forgiveness mistress," Thunder Hawk begged to 
the stun Ryoko, "But we had no other chance of reaching earth before 
hand. We pray that you will forgive us for not being there to help 
against Kagato and Dr. Clay."

        Ryoko shrugged, "It's okay your forgiven." The two Guardian 
stopped bowing and stood back up straight. "So you now serve me guys?" 
she asked the two. The two nodded back to her in response. "Good," she 
chuckled, "Rule1 never be seen in the same place as I am while anyone 
else is there. Rule2 don't forget Rule1."

        "Lady Ryoko?" Lightning Eagle asked while looking off to the 
distance.

        "Yes?" Ryoko answered curiously.

        "I've detected an alien life form not present in this area 
situated in the carrot field." Lightning Eagle reported.

        Thunder Hawk added, "I've also detected Lord Tenchi heading 
there right now."

        Ryoko absorb what they had just said and then reply, "I'll go 
see what's up, while you guy keep a low profile, okay?"

        "Yes, Lady Ryoko." the two piped.

        "Just call me Ryoko." Ryoko signed as she teleported away. The 
two guardians stood motionless for a few minutes before they vanished 
into thin air.

        Tenchi strolled into the vast acres that make up Ryo-Ohki's 
carrot field, Tenchi wonder how that small little cabbit could consume 
so much carrots. Suddenly Tenchi noticed something wrong at the fields 
several carrots were missing. He groan as he suspect Ryo-Ohki was up to 
her old tricks again, then in the corner of his eye he saw one of the 
carrot next to him sink into the ground. Instinctively Tenchi grabbed 
the stalk and pulled it out of the ground. Chewing on the bottom of the 
stalk was a cabbit resembling Ryo-Ohki except for having more wild hair 
and was colored black. Tenchi managed to pull the cabbit from the carrot 
and then stood examining it.

        "What in the world?" Tenchi muttered staring at the angry 
cabbit. It starts to struggle in Tenchi's grip as it hisses frantically. 
Sighing Tenchi handed it the carrot, the cabbit gave a yep of glee 
before devouring the carrot in the gulp.

        Suddenly the cabbit said to Tenchi surprised, "Thanks." Tenchi 
let out a yelp as he let go of the creature and fell backward. He 
quickly got to his knee and stared at the cabbit who sat where he had 
been drop patiently. "Who are you?" Tenchi ask.

        Doing a bow, the cabbit answered, "I'm the Chairman of the Royal 
Science Academy, Rauten Nako." Tenchi looked at the creature with even 
more confusion.

        Suddenly Ryoko appeared in the sky, and said, "Hello Tenchi." 
Then she noticed Tenchi's confused look at stared at what he was 
pointing at. "What another cabbit?" She cried seeing Rauten.

        Rauten chuckled and said, "Greeting Ryoko, I'm Rauten and I've 
come to see your mom." A sweat drop appeared on his face as he stared at 
the two stunned people before him. "This will take sometime." He 
grumbled as he pulled out another carrot to eat.

        At the Masaki Shrine Grandpa was pouring tea for himself and 
Niko. He handed her the cup before picking up his own. A few still 
moments passed before Niko looked out the window at the falling cheery 
blossom.

        "Tsunami told you why I'm here, I see." She remarked to Grandpa 
who absently sips his tea and nodded in response. "I bear no disguise so 
why should you Yosho?" she inquired as Yosho choked on his tea.

        "It seems word is getting around." He replied as his disguise 
disappeared revealing a young man in its place. "I guess Tsunami told 
you about that as well." he chuckle back as Niko giggled at him.

        Turning suddenly serious Niko continued, "You know why I'm 
here."

        "Yes, I know Kaine." Yosho answered. Getting up Yosho walked 
toward the window and looked out. Watching the cherry blossom, he said, 
"I'm not sure if Tenchi is strong enough even with the Light Hawk Wings 
it'll take more than that to beat him. Also are you that willing to go 
against your former master." 

        "Sipping the tea, she nodded and replied, "I must also be here 
to help fight against Amri."

        A look of terror filled Yosho faced before he turned away from 
the window and stare to the ground, he muttered, "The bogeyman of Juria, 
is all of his deeds are failures." Turning back to Niko, Yosho said, 
"Okay I'll teach you the ways of the power of Juria, but I must warn you 
few have actually mastered the techniques I'll show you." Niko nodded in 
response as Yosho took his cup and sipped the tea. 

        "How will Tenchi adjust to my presence?" Akio asked.

        "He'll be fine." Yosho said as he pours in some more tea.

        Meanwhile deep in space on a planet in a solar system quite far 
away, trouble was brewing. The city of Malo was peaceful, until an 
explosion ripped through the night. Standing in the ruins of the local 
bar was a teenaged terran dressed in a science academy outfit, he had 
short spiky blue hair that goes into a long spiky ponytail. He stared 
happily at the many dead people killed by his energy discharge or from 
the collapsed buildings.

        "This is only the beginning," he laughed, "Before this night is 
done I, Holiday Masaki will come for you Father." He laughs into the 
night a huge dome of energy that annihilated everything it touched 
consume city. Resident screamed for help fell on death ears as they were 
destroyed in an instant. In the center of the dome Holiday stood there 
laughing into oblivion.

        Watching the destruction from another dimension were the two 
Dark Gods, Nexus and Kain, and the eternal enemies of the Triad Goddess. 
The throne room they stood in was a metallic mockery of Tokima's. Nexus 
was dressed in a gothic version of a science academy out fit with a thin 
pair of glasses balanced on his nose. His hair was greenish tint and 
eyes were that of a purple color. Nexus watched through the portal at 
the havoc and destruction that Holiday was doing, while Kaine turned 
away and pondered the situation. 

        "He really tearing into the fabric of that dimension, isn't he, 
Brother?" Kaine ask staring into the darkness. Nexus just nod in 
response as he continues to analyze Holiday actions. "Why hasn't our 
dear sister Tokima or Tsunami do anything about this disturbance?" Kaine 
commented to his brother.

        Turning toward his brother, Nexus replied, "Tsunami is to busy 
with Juria and for Tokima, she has decided to take a retirement in 
another dimension." A shock expression appeared on Kaine face. "No 
matter," Nexus replied, "I doubt that Holiday will interfere with our 
plans for now. But I've decided to make a move against the Masaki 
Residence." A portal appeared beside him and Nexus reached into it. He 
then pulled out a chess-like figure resembling a woman in a cape with a 
cabbit companion. Then a giant chessboard appear mapping out the entire 
universe with all the planets and moons.

        "So you will be using her I see." Kaine commented. "The Bounty 
Hunter Nagi and her faithful cabbit companion Ken-Ohki." Kaine smirked 
to himself.

        "We'll use her hatred for Ryoko to destroy Washu's Ryoko." Nexus 
replied calmly as he placed the figure next of the space on the board 
marked earth.

        Ryoko noisily charged into Washu's lab carrying Rauten in her 
hand, upon reaching Washu she yelled, "What is this, Mother!" She thrust 
Rauten into Washu's face, who then looked at him for a moment.

        "It's a cabbit." she answered back causing Rauten & Ryoko to 
face fall. Tenchi walked in shortly after and notice the Ryoko and the 
cabbit on the ground.

        "Please little Washu who is he?" Tenchi asked Washu holding the 
cabbit up.

        Taking a moment to think Washu replied, "If you must know I only 
created one cabbit. He is and old friend of mind Rauten."

        "Then why is he a cabbit?" Ryoko asked before Washu dropped a 
raccoon bear on Ryoko (The same thing that fell on Ryoko head in episode 
10 of the OVA series.).

        "Don't interrupt me." Washu growled at her daughter. Continuing 
she said, "About 5,000 years ago, we got into an argument and in anger 
for losing an argument I turned him into a cabbit." Tenchi and Ryoko 
stared strangely at Washu who said, "What's the matter about turning 
someone into a cabbit in anger, would you rather have me turn people 
into watersprites instead?" The two just groaned in response.

        "But you forgot turn me back you idiot." Rauten interrupted as 
he leaped on Washu and tugged at her collar. "You ran off with Kagato 
and left me like this for the last 5,000 years, you now how hard it is 
to type with only three fingers?" He continued to growl.

        Pulling Rauten off, Washu replied "I would like to turn you 
back, but Kagato stole all that data to help him on his mad crusade. It 
would take me at least five years to replicate the data needed." Rauten 
immediately turned white and fainted upon hearing that. 

        "It's time for Lunch." Sasami said as she came into the lab with 
Ryo-Ohki on her head. "Is that another cabbit Miss. Washu?" she said 
noticing the fainted Rauten on the floor.

        "It's nothing to worry about Sasami." Washu said as she picked 
up Rauten and proceeded out of the lab. Tenchi, Ryoko, and Sasami 
quickly follow behind her. 

        Meanwhile orbiting earth the spaceship Ken-Ohki watched the 
Masaki Residence. In the Bridge stood the Bounty Hunter Nagi. Anger 
swelled into her as she watches images of hated enemy Ryoko on the 
viewscreen. 

        "I should have known I found you here Ryoko." Nagi growled at 
the images. "You thought to be clever by disappearing after the Kagato 
incident and secretly return to earth were you could hid from me. But 
your little game is over, it ends here." Nagi said raising her Rapier at 
the image of Ryoko. Ken-Ohki meowed in confusion to Nagi and she 
responded, "What do you mean something is wrong?" All the images on 
screen were replaced by a big one of the house with a question mark by 
it. "I don't know, maybe they just decided to remodel." Nagi retorted 
"We are wasting enough time already, let's go." She ordered.
 
        Back at the house, Tenchi was discussing about the new guest to 
everyone during Lunch. Everyone paid close attention, except for Mihoshi 
who was to busy stuffing her face in. When all of suddenly Ryo-Ohki 
started to hiss frantically and ran outside. Everyone quickly ran 
outside in pursuit and was shocked at the bluish white spaceship that 
resembled Ryo-Ohki slightly. On the center sphere was a lady wearing a 
black cape and had a rapier tied to her belt with a black battle marking 
on the side of her face.

        "So I've finally found you Ryoko," Nagi laughed, "its time we 
end this now." She drew her Rapier and shot several blasts straight at 
Ryoko. A translucent sphere appeared around Ryoko and deflected the 
blast as they struck it. Ryoko held up her hand and summoned her own 
blade to hand

	"I don't know who you are, but if you want a fight you got one!" 
Ryoko roared as she charges straight at Nagi with her sword. Nagi just 
smirk at the incoming attack and stood there patiently.

End of Episode1 "The Carnival"
________________________________________________________________________

        We'll that the end of the 1st episode of this Fanfic. Tell me 
how you hate it or like it, I really would like to know. Also 
apologizing for the confusing way this story is written since I went 
through numerous writer blocks during the writing process.            
