A Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction.
Love, Dream, And Forget.  A Hunter's Story.
By Peter Suzuki.

The TV series "Tenchi Muyo" is owned by Pioneer LDC, AIC,
and its contributors.  All rights reserved.

WARNING:  This is going to be somewhat dark.

===============================================================

 "Oh no!  It's Nagi!" that's what all the criminals
yell whenever they realize that the quiet, uninteresting
 woman, in a cloak, is actually me.  It's strange, but every
 time I enter a nightclub, an alley, or anyplace else that is
 the usual spot for scum, no one seems to take notice of me.
  I guess that it is to my advantage. . .  The element of
 surprise is good for a bounty hunter I suppose, but. . .
  The only other time anyone else notices me, they say, "Hey,
 it's Nagi.  The greatest bounty hunter in the galaxy." I know
 that it is my chosen line of work, and that I'm good at it,
 but sometimes I wonder if that is all I ever will be.  A bounty
 hunter.

 I wasn't always a hunter.  We never are.  A long time ago
 I never thought about criminals, or space ships, or even about
 killing.  Way back in those days, the days that I can scarcely
 recall, only two things mattered in the world.  Combat training,
 and my father.
 The two seemed to go hand and hand for me.  One of my
 earliest memories is of me asking my father to teach me how to
 use a sword.  It was a more innocent request than you may think.
  At the time, I didn't know that a sword was for killing.  I
 thought that it was some sort of game.  I still don't exactly
 know what my father worked as.  All I know was the fact that he
 was very good with weapons, and that I wanted to be as good as him.
 I started with the saber because all of the other swords
 were too big for me to easily swing.  Even then, I had to hold it
 with two hands.  After a few months, I got to the point where
 I could wield it with one hand.  Eventually, I was able to not
 only match his skill, but surpass it.  He then started teaching
 me how to use a whip.  After that, came the training in the woods.
 At least it was supposed to be training.  It was more
 like a hyper version of tag.  The idea was; if he was IT, I
 would have to run into the woods, and escape him.  If I was IT,
 I would have to chase him around the woods.  The hard part was
 the fact that my father would be bouncing from tree to tree,
 making false noises, as setting little harmless traps for me to
 get caught up in.  Soon I was also jumping like he was, and
 setting my own traps.  There was never a prize involved, it was
 just for fun. . .  How I miss those days.

 People spend their earliest years trying to live in
 peace, and innocence.  I was one of the unfortunate few who had
 all of that taken away.  It still haunts my nightmares, and
 sometimes even my time awake.  The day that I lost almost
 everything that I was.

 It was in the winter that it happened.  Some soldiers
 rammed down the door, and yelled at my father about something
 I didn't understand, and that I still don't know.  I don't know
 if they were from the Jurian army or not.  I don't care.  When
 my father pulled out his sword, one of the soldiers pointed a
 laser rifle at me.  My father agreed to go, on the condition that
 I would not be harmed.  They took him away, and locked me inside.
  I escaped out of a secret back door in my house.  When I got
 outside, the ship that the soldiers came in was flying over my
 house.  I hid in the bushes trying to think of what to do.  Then,
 they did it.  One single blast was shot at my home, and it was
 destroyed.  They tried to kill me anyway. . .
 That afternoon, I ran to the local authority outpost.
  When I told them my name, and what happened, I got the biggest
 shock of my life.  They said that there was no record of me, or
 my father.  It was like I didn't exist.  No trace of my name could
 be found ANYWHERE.  Even I no longer remember my last name, lost
 and forgotten over the years.  It wouldn't matter even if I could.
 When I went back to what was left of my home, all I
 could salvage was a strange saber that my father owned.  The
 only reason it wasn't destroyed was because it was always kept
 in a metal box.  The sword was strange in the fact that its handle
 had a trigger like a gun.  All I cared about was that it was the
 only thing I had left of my father.
 For a couple of days I wondered.  Cold, alone, with no
food or money.  That was when I happened across a strange poster.
  It had a picture of a man that I had seen in some of the alleys
 during the night.  From what I could tell, if I brought this man to
 the police station, dead or alive, I would get some reward money.
  That night, I tracked him down, and confronted him.
 I admit, I was extremely lucky that I wasn't killed.  I got
 my first hit by surprise, and then it was a fight.  He got
 me cornered, and was about to shoot when I accidentally pulled
 the trigger on my father's saber.  I dropped it in surprise when
 the blast hit the criminal.  I've never seen a much more horrible
 sight, than the condition I had left that guy in.  I almost wanted
 to leave, but I new that I needed the reward money to survive, so
 I tried not to look at him as I dragged his barely alive form back
 to the station.
 The officer at the desk was so surprised that a ten year
 old girl could bring in a dangerous criminal for just the reward
 money, that she gave me the twelve hundred and something Jurai
 without any questions.  I realize now that it was probably for the
 best.  I didn't have a permit for any laser-shooting swords.

 Over the years, that's how it went.  I got better at
capturing criminals, the outlaws learned to fear me rather than
 laugh at me, and I improved my skills even more.  Then when I just
 turned sixteen, I saw a new wanted poster on the streets.  I
immediately knew the type; street tough with trumped up charges, who
 was somewhat successful in ransacking docked ships.  From exactly
 who was offering the reward, I guessed that it was some sort of grudge
 between her, and some royalty member of Jurai.  No doubt that she
 turned to robbing Jurian freighter ships just to spite the Jurian
 royal family.  What did surprise me was the simple fact that this
 wanted criminal was a year or two younger than me.  Usually the
 lowlifes I capture are twice my age.  Either way, the next morning
I started my quest for the dreaded criminal, Ryoko.
 When I caught up to her, the one thing that surprised me was
 the fact that everything that the wanted posters said about her, were
 absolutely true.  Normally the information about a criminal's powers
 is over-exaggerated, but everything that was told about Ryoko was fact.
  The laser sword, the fireballs, the ability to transport from one
place to another instantaneously, it was all true.  A challenge that
I rather enjoyed.  In the end, it was an even fight.  She barely
escaped, but escaped none the less.  Finally, an actual challenge.
I was almost happy when she got away.  Almost.

 Someone who actually got away.  This was rather new.  Up
until that point, it was rumored that no one, no matter how powerful
 could escape me.  After that, other captures became more like a
hobby rather than a job.  Just little things to tide me over until
I captured Ryoko.  My waking thoughts were always, "Today will be that
 day that we finally finish our fight, Ryoko."  One of the things that
 I prided myself most on was the fact that she feared me.  She still
battled other bounty-hunters, and even sought a few of them out, but
whenever word of my arrival reached her ears, she would leave town.
My life seemed purposed on finding and defeating Ryoko, never mind
the capture.  That final battle was all I ever thought about.

 That is until one day, when I made an unexpected friend.

 It wasn't a difficult capture that day.  A simple smuggling
 operation, involving some unregulated goods, which included several
 hundred military weapons, and one light-blue egg.  I knew what the
egg was, even though I never thought I'd actually see one.  It was an
 egg of those "Living, Sentient, Personal, Companions."  Referred to
as "Oh-ki's."  This type was a cabbit, but I didn't find that out until
 later.
 After the job was finished, the local police let me keep
the egg as a battle souvenir.  I knew how it worked, warm it next to
 your body for one full day, and it would then hatch, and be bonded
to you for the rest of either of your lives.  I figured that it would
make a cute pet, and at most an animal companion that could help me in
my captures.

 I screamed in terror when, just seconds after it hatched, I
heard a MALE voice in my head.

 After I had calmed down enough to understand him, he
explained that he was a cabbit.  He was undoubtedly intelligent, and
could read my thoughts.  That scared me a bit, because if he could find
 a way to talk, he could betray me and know my weaknesses.  Thankfully,
 I soon found out that I could trust him.  He couldn't speak if he
 wanted to, anyway.  I named him Ken-oh-ki.  I don't know why, it just
 seemed to fit him.

 And that is how I got my spaceship, as well.  I was more than a
little surprised when, while I was chasing after a criminal who had
escaped in a small space cruiser, Ken-oh-ki suddenly leaped up into the
air and became a magnificent space ship.  Really, this turned out to be
even more helpful then I imagined.  No longer would I have to wait for a
transport ship to arrive, to pursue a criminal who escaped to another
planet.  Me and Ken-oh-ki could just pursue them on our own.

 We made a great team.

 Then one day, I got another cabbit egg.  This time, it was a
mass smuggling of the personal companions, to another planet nearby.
The fools thought that their operations were so secret, that they
never expected that Ken-oh-ki and I were waiting just outside of the
warehouse.  The attack was short order.  They had no weapons, and
weren't expecting me to be after them.  I invited the Galaxy Police
along, so I wouldn't have to spend so much time dragging all of the
smugglers back to the station myself.
 Once more, since it didn't really matter who owned them, I
got to keep one of the eggs as a trophy.  I took one of the dark purple,
 female eggs, deciding that it would at least make a good friend for
Ken-oh-ki.  I was about to go back to the hotel where I was staying,
when a report about Ryoko being in the area got my attention.  Some
kids reported that they had seen Ryoko in a nearby cemetery.  I might
have brushed the story off as being a wild goose chase, if it wasn't
for the fact that the reason why I came to the planet in the first place
was because Ryoko had came to the planet a few days before.
 Since it was winter, the snow started to fall when I arrived
at the cemetery.  And there was Ryoko, asleep in the graveyard,
undefended to any approach.  I was a little disappointed.  Someone who
escaped me was leaving herself uncharacteristically open to attack.
I was about to awake her, and finally have that fight I was looking for,
 when I made my first mistake in the lline of being a bounty hunter

 There are really very few things that you can do to REALLY
 screw up as a bounty hunter.  The top three rules to follow when you
 are a bounty hunter, from three to one, are mostly just acts of common
 sense, and are as follows.  3.  Don't ever let your guard down for
anything.  2.  Do NOT put your trust in someone unless you are certain
that you can believe in them.  and the most important of all, 1.  Do
not ever, EVER, under any circumstances whatsoever, do you try to
understand what your target is going through.

 I messed up on that last one.  I wondered why she was asleep
in the cemetery to begin with.  She was on top of a grave, a grave of
some woman who's name I couldn't quite understand.  I looked at her
face, and saw that she had been crying.  She then whispered something.
  A word that pierced my very soul.
 "Mother." Was what she murmured, right before unconsciously
 sobbing.
 The grave was her mother's graave.  Probably the only family
 she had, was laid to rest in that spot.  I checked the date on the
grave.  Years ago, around the same time that my father disappeared.
I too started to cry.  I pictured in my mind the image of a poor little
girl, alone and hungry, forced to turn to the only way she knew to
survive, not by choice but because it was the only thing she knew how
to do.
 When I looked at her sleeping form once again, I didn't see
 the dreaded criminal that I had been ddevoting my life to hunting.
Instead I saw a little girl, sad, alone, and doing something that she
had been doing for so long, that she forgot that she probably, at one
time in her life, and possibly several times after that, never wanted
to do what she did now to survive.
 Even though I may not let it show, I do have a heart.  And
at that moment, I couldn't bring myself to try to harm Ryoko.  Maybe
I'm just softer then even I thought I was, or maybe it was because I
know what she had gone through, but the fact that I could not bring
myself to harm Ryoko that day still burns in my mind.
 I still don't know exactly why I did it.  I guess it was because
 I figured that she could use a friend at a time like this, and that
was something that I could not be to her, myself.  I placed the cabbit
 egg into her arms.  She clutched onto it like a child would protectively
 hold a stuffed animal to defend against the darkness of a bedroom, on
 a cold, lonely night.  I turned away from her, and left.  I knew
that I was missing an opportunity to capture her, but I just couldn't
 do it.  Not on that day, at least.  Too many painful memories to
 keep me from doing so, for some reason.

 I realized that giving Ryoko a cabbit was a big mistake,
 a few days after what happened in the cemetery.  I was watching
 the news on a public viewing tower, when the report came up.  Ryoko
 was officially now classified from being a dreaded criminal, to being
 an equally dreaded 'Space Pirate'.  I pursued her as soon as I stopped
 laughing.  To give you a clue on how THAT went, Ryoko had a five day
 head start on me.

 Oh, and the irony of her naming her ship "Ryo-oh-ki" was
 not lost to me, either.

 I went back to trying to capture Ryoko after that.  Every so
 often, I would capture some criminal, or gang leader in order to make
 ends meet, but I was mostly just following Ryoko's trail across the
 galaxy.  At one time, she did something unexpected.  She actually tried
 to earn an honest living.
 It was on a small resort planet.  One of the more simpler,
high class hotels.  She applied for a job as a maid.  This was something
 I had never known another wanted criminal to do.  Some of them took
jobs some times, but that was usually to get information on some sort
of heist.  Ryoko seemed to be trying to earn an honest living.  I was
so surprised by this, that I didn't try to capture her at the time.  I
 just kept watching her, and trying to keep an eye on her.
 She seemed good at her job, even if she did have a tendency
 to drink too much during her off hours.
 It didn't last though.  One day, some royalty from Jurai
came to the hotel to visit the planet.  The eldest princess recognized
 Ryoko, and ordered her to be captured.  Turns out, the princess and
Ryoko had a long running feud, and that she was the one who put up
the reward for Ryoko to begin with.
 I gave chase, but not without wishing that the first
princess of Jurai would hurt herself on something, for driving
Ryoko back to a life of crime. . .

 Where the heck did that come from?

 Anyway, it wasn't until months later that I found out
that she had been spotted at the neck star, of the Swan system,
on the third planet, the natives called Earth.  The first thing
I did was send Ken-oh-ki into the house, where Ryoko was supposedly
staying, to act as a scout.  The reaction of Ryoko seeing Ken-oh-ki
in the house was expected.  The reaction Ken-oh-ki, and Ryo-oh-ki had
to seeing each other cabbit to cabbit for the first time, was not.
 True to a male, his first phrase uh, said to Ryo-oh-ki was,
"I don't care how cute you are, nothing's going to keep my master from
capturing Ryoko."
 Anyway, I had expected that it would have been easy.
Just get in there, beat her into unconsciousness, and drag her to
the GP outpost, that I had heard was recently opened up in the sector.
Then I realized that not only was Ryoko and Ryo-oh-ki there, but the
first princess of Jurai, the second princess of Jurai, and two
detectives first class of the Galaxy Police were living in the house
as well.  I had also noticed that Ryoko seemed to be attracted to a
rather scrawny Earthling boy, that also lived in the house.
 When I kidnapped him, it was just because I knew that
Ryoko would come after him.  Killing a civilian from a protected
planet would quickly put me up on the wanted list, faster than even
Ryoko.  I couldn't believe that Ryoko would actually be interested
in this spineless, skinny, anal-retentive boy.  She had probably even
forgotten that I was still around, and that I was still after her.
I was going to hurt her badly for that one.
 And then Ken-oh-ki decided that he wasn't going to shoot
at Ryo-oh-ki for any reason, whatsoever.  He kept telling me that
it wasn't right to shoot at someone you cared about.  I knew that
Ryoko was probably getting the same response from her ship.  Only now
I'm beginning to realize that he was also trying to tell me something
 else.  Only, I wasn't listening at the time.
 The short red-head girl said that she could solve our
little combat problem for us.  She claimed to be Washu, the
greatest scientific genus in the universe.  I knew the story.
Seven hundred years ago, this prot‚g‚ created a bunch of stuff
that advanced the technology in the galaxy ahead, millions of years.
  The royal council of Jurai also had her build weapons for use during
 wartime.  Unfortunately, she bragged about this to the public, who
 didn't know about that last one.  In order to save face, Washu was
accused of making the weapons in secret, and was imprisoned inside
of a holding crystal, which was sent into space.
 Washu's idea of solving our problem was a reconstruction
of a fight scene she had watched in some movie, which was made
somewhere on the other side of the  planet Earth.  When I showed
up dragging that boy in a coffin, it was just to scare Ryoko.  Well,
 it was funny to me!

 Why am I writing to myself, now?  I already knew that.

 The fight was just as glorious as I dreamed it would be.
We were equally matched, and neither of us would back down this time.
  When I had finally caught her in my laser whip, I had thought I had
won.  Finally, I had captured Ryoko.  Then that hypocrite princess
tried to escape with that boy.
 Maybe I wasn't thinking right.  Maybe I just reacted out of
 instinct.  Maybe I'm just stupid.  I didn't care what the princess,
 or the boy had to do with the fight.  But still, I fired at her, and
 I knew that the Jurai shield would reflect my bolt back at me.  Yet
 I still pulled the whip cord in the path of the ricochet, and freed
 Ryoko from my grasp.
 When I had gotten trapped under the debris of one of the
 buildings, I thought it was over for me.  I knew that one of us
might have died that day, and it looked like that I was to be the
 one.  Ken-oh-ki ignored my mental command of getting it over with.
  Rather, he kept yelling that he would defend me until his own death.
  Ryo-oh-ki stood just feet away from us, yelling at Ken-oh-ki to
 get out of the way, and to save himself.
 Then, Ryo-oh-ki started yelling at Ryoko.  I could understand
 her through my link with Ken-oh-ki, but it didn't really matter.  She
 told Ryoko that the boy, Tenchi, would never forgive her if she
killed someone.  Even me.
 And Ryoko stopped.  She turned away.  I couldn't believe it.
  How could the feelings of one single Earthling matter so much to
 her?  I yelled at her, threatened her, told her that I wouldn't stop
 tormenting her until the end of time, and yet she still walked away.
 It took me days to realize why she did.  I suspected it from
 the beginning, but I didn't want to believe it.  She was in love
 with that boy, and it mattered to her more than anything else in the
 universe.  I hated that.  When someone falls in love, it changes them.
  They forget things that used to matter to them, and focus on parts of
 life that they never thought of before.  She wouldn't be fearing me in
 her dreams, she would be thinking of him.

 It hurt.

 She would stop being a space pirate.  She would stop being the
one I chased after, through space to fight and capture.  In time, she
would forget that she ever was a space pirate.  Oh, not permanently,
but from precious time, to time she would forget what she had been, and
 what she had done.  And then, all of it would have been just some
painful memory, that once happened to her long ago.  And she would have
 someone to make those memories go away again.  Including the ones of
me.

 I decided to redouble my efforts to capture her.  She would
 not forget me.  I wouldn't let her.  When I had finally made this
 decision, that scandal with Yosho coming back to the throne occurred.
  I knew that something strange was going on from the start, so I
decided that following where Ryoko and her friends went would have
been a better strategy, for the moment.  When Ryoko, and that
princess Ayeka were trapped in that Jurian ship, I waited behind
asteroids, and space junk, keeping an eye on them.  I decided that
 if that boy, Tenchi, didn't get to that damn battle cruiser soon,
 I would just break the two out, myself.

 Okay, I'll admit it.  I kind of hoped that Ryoko would
 have killed that princess as well.  How a monster like Ayeka,
could be the sister of an angel like Sasami, still baffles my mind.
  I guess that one of them got all of the 'Good person' genes, and
Ayeka got the other kind, huh.

 So they got out, and never knew that I had been there.
So what?  When I had found Ryoko again, she and her friends, and
Ayeka, were trying to scrounge up some money by making this rip-off
 bar, and forcing people into it.  When I saw the two Jurian guardians
 outside of the door, dressed in cheap suits, I said to myself, "No
way.  They can't possibly be THAT desperate."  After watching several
 people be 'persuaded' in, and then leaving without any money, I
realized that they had to have gone completely crazy.  Still, I
couldn't resist going in, and making them sweat, so I decided to have
 some fun.
 It was hard to keep a straight face during that entire
time.  I had to force myself not to laugh when ever I would see
their fearful expressions, and not to growl whenever I saw Ryoko
looking protectively at Tenchi.  What the hell does she see in that
boy, anyway?
 I was NOT happy about that bill, however.  That thing cost me
at least half of by entire bank account.  I swear, I'm going to get
even with that old sword guy, one of these days.

 After that, they seemed to run out of supplies, and sent
 Ryoko out to get more.  True to form though, she was more interested
 in having fun.  I stayed on the planet where she gambled, and did
other things, waiting for a chance to scare her back to that spaceship
 only two light-years away.
 When she had finally run out of money, she decided to rob
a bank.  Unfortunately, I was asleep at the time, so I wasn't able
 to make good on the opportunity.  When I found out that she had
managed to elude my wrath, without even trying, I was hopping mad.
  Well, that was until I found out that she had cleaned out Ayeka's
personal account at the bank, and only that account.

 Then I was only slightly peeved.

 The next time I caught up to them, was at a beach resort
planet.  Part time jobs really weren't their strong suit.  When I
confronted them, Ken-oh-ki went after me about how it was too hot,
 and that he wanted to spend time with Ryo-oh-ki without me and Ryoko
 fighting, and most importantly, that I should wait until whatever
was happening on Jurai was finally solved.  Ryoko said that I would
have to wait until at least after the beauty contest was over.
 The idea of a beauty contest intrigued me.  I had many times
 been told I was beautiful.  In fact, most male criminals, and I'm
sad to say some females as well, try to get out of capture by telling
 me that they would make it worth my while if I would let them go.
As you would expect, they get a broken nose instead.  Still, when I
found out that Ryoko had also entered the contest, I decided that at
least I could get a minor victory over her.
 When I had won, I was so busy thinking about how I had,
sort of, won over Ryoko.  I did not, however, notice that she had
slipped away.  When Ryoko made off with the money, the only thing
that I was concerned about was that she was getting away AGAIN.  I
found Ken-oh-ki behind the building where the shaved ice booth was
set up.  Lover boy was still in la-la land, after he received a kiss
from Ryo-oh-ki.  Only the threat of having him spaded got him out of
his trance.

 And after that, I went after them again.  I caught up with
 them, just after they met the Yosho impostor, Kagato.  Ryoko was
in bad shape.  When I entered her room, she looked at me like she
was saying, "Oh, it's just you.  I thought it was someone important."
  I would've hit her, if I hadn't known she was already in too much
pain as it was.  Compound fracture of her rib.  I had something similar
 happen to my leg, before.  It's something that you don't forget very
 easily, and that you notice if you ever see it again.
 I tried to convince her not to go back out there.  If need
be, I would have taken Tenchi to Jurai myself, kicking and screaming,
 just so long as Ryoko wouldn't hurt herself further.  "I won't let
anyone kill you but me, Ryoko." I kept telling myself.  I actually
 believed it at first, myself.  Then, when Ryoko asked me just why
I wouldn't kill her now, I told her that my honor wouldn't let me
take advantage of her injury.

 What a bunch of B.S. that was.  I once shot out a guy's
legs, just so that he would be easier to hit. . .  I was having a
very bad day, okay!  Anyway, Ken-oh-ki was on my case all night,
telling me how I was now lying to save face, to someone I was going
 to kill.  How I was going against what all bounty hunters are
supposed to do.  How I would never live this down.  Then I looked
over at Ken-oh-ki's sleeping form, and realized that I had been
berating myself, all the time.
 So, I helped Ryoko, Tenchi, and two guys that reminded me
of those Jurian guardians of Ayeka's, for some reason, over to the
 Jurian palace.  I had Ken-oh-ki reshape himself, and change his
 coloring to match that of Ryo-oh-ki's.  After they arrived there
safely, I left, hoping to lead away some of the battleships.  I
caught myself praying that Ryoko was really okay.

 After that, I thought that Ryoko had gone back to Tenchi,
and lived happily ever after.  Then, I received word that Ryoko was
 missing, and that everyone was trying to find her.  I looked, and
looked.  Even after the Galaxy Police, and the Jurai royal guard
stopped looking, I still searched for Ryoko.  Ken-oh-ki had to
 sometimes remind me to even eat.
 Once, while in a bar, I asked the bar keep if he had seen
 Ryoko.  He asked me if I was her friend.  I shouted that she was
 not my friend, and tried to convince myself of that, afterward.
When I left the bar, Ken-oh-ki looked at me like I had to have been
 joking back there.  When I looked at my reflection in a mirror, I
was giving the same look to myself.

 At that moment, Ken-oh-ki noticed something in the
sky.  He leaped up into the air, transformed into a ship, and
sped off.  A couple minutes later, he came back, let me in, and
 sped off again.
 The object in the sky was Ryo-oh-ki.  She had been trying
 to find us, as well.  I didn't need to get a translation of what
 she was trying to say, I could tell that something was wrong.  When
 I got aboard, my heart stopped for a moment.

 Ryoko was in her control chair.  Cold.  Pale.  Dead.

 I remember running towards her, thinking over and over
 again, "Please don't be dead!  Please still be here!  I can't
 live without you!".  I cried in relief when I saw that she was
 still breathing, abet shallowly, but still alive.  Ryo-oh-ki had
 forced food, and water into her, and tried to stop the bleeding
 the best she could.  But if Ryoko didn't get help soon, she would
 die before the next day.

 I rushed to one of the neighboring planets of Jurai.
There was only one person who I knew could help Ryoko now.  The
only thing in the universe that I knew could do miracles.  Washu.
  She had just been kicked out of the Science Academy, but I knew
where she was staying at the mean time.  If she was still there, then
 Ryoko would be saved.

 She was there.  I had Ryo-oh-ki make it look like she
brought Ryoko there, herself.  I don't know why.  I guess it has
to do with me wanting to keep up my reputation, and not look too
soft.  Or maybe, it's just the fact that I didn't want to see her,
 or have her know that it was me who helped save her.  That, I truly
 can't explain.  I had Ryo-oh-ki promise never to tell Ryoko about
 me bringing her to Washu.

 And this brings me to where I am now.  I tried to return
to the way things were but. . .  Bounty hunting seems so hollow now.
  Something troubles me, every time I think about Ryoko now.  When I
 saw her, apparently dead, I accidentally did something that had never
 happened to me before.  For one brief moment, I forgot that I was a
 bounty hunter.  I forgot the pain of loosing my father.  I forgot
that I was supposed to kill Ryoko.  At that time, all I cared about
 was Ryoko, and all I wanted was for her to be okay.  And then I
realized what it meant.  It had finally happened.  Probably even
sooner then that.

 Ryoko, all that I can say to you, is that I'm sorry.  I'm
sorry for all that has happened to you in your past, and what I did
 to you after it.  Love the one who has captured your heart, dream
of the good that will come of it, and forget. . . forget the pain
of what you had become, and what you have now left behind.  Forget
with your love, as I did.  I only hope that somehow, you can feel
 this as I'm writing it in this book right now.

 Nagi.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 She slowly looked up from the journal.  All of what
had come before it was just notes, and the occasional shopping
 list, but this. . .this was unexpected.  She did not bother to
wipe away the tears from her face, as she had while reading the
book.  She never knew about this.  In fact, she had come up here
intending to stop the hunter from trying to hurt her and those she
cared about, ever again.  Now, she had not the hardness of heart
to harm the writer of what had just been read.
 The hunter lay asleep, head tucked in her arms, crusting
streaks showing the dried tracks of tears, shed while writing the
 truth of her heart.
 Ryoko carefully put Nagi into the small bed, that had a
 slightly beat-up picture beside it.  A picture that was at one
 time strapped to a board at a post office, then on a dart board,
 then carried around for countless years, and now sat in a picture
 frame, beside the bed.
 Outside, two cabbits, one white, one brown, slept next to
 each other, under the midnight sky.
 "Sleep well, Nagi." Said Ryoko, her voice was soft so
 as not to wake the hunter, but for other reasons as well.  "Love
 what you truly care for.  Dream of what you truly want.  And
forget that you had lost your father, that you ever scared me,
and that you were ever a hunter."
 And with a light kiss on the forehead, Ryoko quietly
 teleported out of the room.  And in the bed, Nagi's lips turned
 up slightly, into a smile of quiet happiness, and peace at heart.

END.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

AUTHOR'S NOTES (Yes, I'm doing these EVERY Fan Fic.):

 See.  I can write this way.  I just like comedy better,
 that's all.

 When I watched the scene where Nagi slapped Tenchi, saying
 "This is Ryoko's man!?" I couldn't help but notice that she seemed
 a bit jealous about it.  Not to mention the way she looked after
she was asked if she was Ryoko's friend.

 Right now, it's back to work.  Christmas vacation is here,
 and I'm trying to write as many stories as possible.  Right now,
 now that I'm done with this, my big project is a sequel to "Ruby
Red, Cat Like, Eyes".  Maybe I'll even try to redo "Little Demon #3".
  See, I kind of ran into a problem.  I keep portraying Misaki and
Funaho as being forty year old versions of Mihoshi and Kiyone.  Some
 people may not have a problem with that, but I do.

 Oh, and MERRY CHRISTMAS OR WHATEVER HOLLADAY YOU CELEBRATE
AROUND THIS TIME OF YEAR!!!!!!!

Peter Suzuki.