I'll Go With You
(Tenchi Story Arc: Mihoshi)
By Ammadeau
Roy.Fokker@UNSpacy.org
http://members.tripod.com/~Ammadeau/fanfiction.htm

Part 2

	Sleeping arrangements had been easy to set for Mihoshi, 
Tenchi, and Sasami.  Mihoshi and Sasami slept in the GP 
detective's room, while Tenchi got the room of her former partner, 
'Kiyone' as the sign on the door said. Tenchi decided that separate 
rooms would be best for now.  Not that he wasn't tempted, but still 
with Sasami aboard . . . his fantasies turned to nightmares when he 
imagined the young princess walking in on him and Mihoshi.
	Tenchi was surprised on how easy things had worked out.  
Mihoshi's space craft had everything they would need for a while 
and they had found a place on the way that sold clothes that Tenchi 
could wear and not feel embarrassed.  There were some galactic 
fashions that he simply wasn't ready for.
	Sasami handled all of the cooking, though she had become 
overly fond of grilling things for some reason.  She also did the 
little cleaning and laundry that needed to be done.  All of that took 
up only a small portion of each day for her, so she was quickly 
bored.
	She wasn't the only one.  Yukinojo piloted the ship so there 
was really nothing Mihoshi had to do until they arrived at her 
grandfather's.  Tenchi could only spend so much time each day 
planning for future problems. 
	"I'm bored," Sasami announced on their third day out.  Ryo-
oki miyaed in agreement.  This wasn't quite the adventure they had 
been expecting.
	"Me too," Mihoshi admitted.  She had been using some of 
the time getting closer to Tenchi, but she wanted to do something 
more active . . 
	Tenchi was a little distracted by Mihoshi's sudden blush 
and the way her blue eyes sparkled.  He had enjoyed some of the 
talks her and Mihoshi had had recently, but they both knew that 
things could only go so far with Sasami on board.
	Tenchi tried to think of what they could do to ease their 
boredom for the several more days it was going to take to get to 
Mihoshi's grandfather's place.  Watching TV was out, they already 
did enough of that during tea and meals.  Mihoshi didn't have 
anything like board games and there simply wasn't enough room 
for most other games that Tenchi knew.
	"Wait, I just remembered!" Mihoshi shouted suddenly and 
pulled out her control cube.  She started fiddling with it again as all 
sorts of odd junk started to suddenly appear all around them.
	Sasami laughed in delight as a rubber ball suddenly 
bounced before her, changing its bright colors with every bounce.  
She managed to catch it after running around for a bit.  That would 
be fun to play with Ryo-oki.
	Tenchi was beaned by a bo staff that suddenly appeared 
above him.  He rubbed his head, but smiled at the weapon.  The 
halls of the ship were just long enough so he could get in some 
practice with it.  It was probably a good idea to get some sort of 
weapon practice in if he wanted to join the Galaxy Police, and also 
to stay in shape.
	"I found them!"  Mihoshi declared as she pulled out what 
appeared to be a pack of ordinary playing cards.
	"What are they?" Sasami asked, looking up from tossing 
the ball to Ryo-oki.
	"It's an Earth game that I picked up because it looked so 
neat," Mihoshi told her.  "Do you know how to play, Tenchi?"
	Tenchi took the offered card deck and started to flip though 
them.  Each card featured something from the popular anime Sailor 
Moon, including a short description and various stats.  Tenchi had 
heard of similar card games, though he had never played one 
before.  He found that included a small rule book and started to flip 
through that.  "Mihoshi, it says here that you need at least one deck 
for each person playing."
	"That's okay, Tenchi," she told him.  "I have plenty."
	It wasn't long before they all had the rules down and made 
their own decks.
	"All right, I'm tapping two Mars and using the Burning 
Mandala attack against your yoma, Mihoshi," Tenchi announced.
	Mihoshi tapped her yoma to indicate that it had been hit.
	"My turn," Sasami said.  "I'm tapping three Moons and 
using Moon Healing Escalation against your yoma, Mihoshi."
	"Waaah!  My yoma is dead now!  I should never agreed to 
play the Dark Kingdom," Mihoshi complained.
	"It's okay, Mihoshi," Tenchi consoled her.  "You still have 
two dark generals and a queen left and you'll be able to create more 
yoma."
	"But I know I'm going to lose."
	"How do you know that?"
	"Because the bad guys always lose."
	Tenchi shook his head, not even going to try to reason with 
Mihoshi that that was something that only existed in anime.  "All 
right, I'll be the Dark Kingdom next game."
	"Great!"
	What free time that wasn't spent on playing cards or just 
talking, Tenchi used to practice with the bo staff, Sasami played 
ball with Ryo-oki, and Mihoshi spent quite a bit of her free time 
resting.
	Tenchi walked into Mihoshi's room after taking a shower to 
get cleaned up after his practice session.  He had noticed that 
Sasami was currently on the bridge chatting with Yukinojo and 
thought that this would be a good time for another talk alone with 
Mihoshi.
	"Mihoshi, are you . . .?"
	The question died on Tenchi's lips as he noticed that 
Mihoshi was in bed, asleep, with the covers pulled up around her 
neck.  He blinked a little in surprise, lunch had been two hours ago 
and she hadn't looked sleepy then.
	Mihoshi mumbled something in her sleep and turned over, 
her face now looking over to left side of the bed where the TV was 
still on.  Tenchi smiled noticing the smile on her lips, and moved 
over to her silently, shutting off the TV so she wouldn't be 
disturbed.
	Being this close to her already, Tenchi decided it would be 
nice to spend a little time with Mihoshi now even if they couldn't 
talk.  He sat down on the edge of the bed, careful not to wake her, 
and just watched her sleep.  Her blonde hair was currently undone 
and lay like a river of gold across the pillows.  It hit Tenchi just 
then how beautiful she was.  It was something that he had always 
known, but being surrounded by several beautiful women, he had 
never appreciated this late-comer in his life.  While not as exotic as 
Ryoko or Aeka, Mihoshi had the sort of beauty that was simply 
there, rather than being overwhelming.  Her blue eyes, tanned skin, 
soft, red lips . . .
	Tenchi was startled when he realized that he was leaning 
closer and closer to Mihoshi, preparing to steal a kiss without even 
being aware of it.  At first he felt ashamed, but then thought that 
would be nothing wrong with it, just a small kiss on the lips.  
Mihoshi liked him and he liked her, so what would be the harm?
	Tenchi leaned in closer again, focusing on Mihoshi's lips, 
now only inches away.  Tenchi closed his eyes and . . .
	And suddenly the door opened and Sasami said, "There, 
I've found you!"
	Tenchi, startled that his nightmare had come true, tried to 
leap up and away from Mihoshi.  Unfortunately, his foot snagged 
one of the blankets, and he tripped, landing on the floor, with 
Mihoshi landing right on top of him, the sheet settling over the 
both of them.  The GP detective opened her eyes just as their lips 
met.
	Tenchi and Mihoshi stared at each other, stunned by their 
accidental first kiss.  They were finally distracted by the sound of a 
ball hitting the floor, drawing both of their gazes towards the door.
	Sasami was standing there with her pink eyes open very 
wide and a deep blush nearly covering her whole face.  "Ah . . . 
Sorry to interrupt.  I'll just come back later."
	Sasami quickly stepped back out into the hall, closing the 
door behind her.  Tenchi and Mihoshi heard the sound of her 
rapidly receding footsteps.
	"Wait, Sasami, it's not what you think!"  Tenchi shouted 
after her, but she was already gone.
	Tenchi turned back to face Mihoshi, her bright blue eyes 
only inches away from hers.  She still looked stunned and there 
was a blush on her cheeks just as heavy as Sasami's
	"Um . . ." Tenchi struggled for what to say.  He had no idea 
how to explain that something had happened by accident, yet 
something that he intended to happen.  Added to the difficulty was 
the fact that Mihoshi was still lying on top of him and very 
interesting portions of her anatomy were making themselves 
known.  He was thankful that she had fallen asleep in her everyday 
clothes, rather than a flimsy nightgown.  "Um . . .," he tried again.
	Mihoshi suddenly snapped out of her daze and gave Tenchi 
a hug that strained his ribs.  "Oh Tenchi, Tenchi, I'm so happy!"  
she declared with tears of joy.  It was some time before she could 
be persuaded to calm down, and even longer to persuade her to let 
go of him so he could breathe.
	"I thought you had some feelings for me when you decided 
to come with me, but I wasn't sure, I mean Ryoko is so pretty and 
Aeka is a princess, and I'm always tripping over things or messing 
things up.  I was kind of hoping something like this would happen, 
but I wasn't sure if I wanted . . ."
	Tenchi, realizing that Mihoshi was now off in her own little 
world, did the first thing he could think of to snap her out of it.  He 
kissed her again, this one lasted much longer than their first.
	"Tenchi, does this mean?"  Mihoshi asked in a voice filled 
with hope.
	Tenchi smiled, took her hands in his, and told her, "Before 
we left, I wasn't sure how I felt about anyone.  I was confused and 
never really had the time to sort out my feelings.  I asked to join 
you on a spur of the moment, to get the chance to sort them out.  
Ryoko is very pretty and a nice person at heart, but she'll always be 
too wild for me.  Aeka is also lovely and kind, but she is a princess, 
while I, no matter what my heritage is, am a simple Earthling.  I 
finally realized what I wanted was someone more like myself, 
someone like you, Mihoshi."
	Mihoshi was obviously struggling for words.  "Tenchi, I--"
	Tenchi stopped her speaking by a finger to her lips, causing 
her to blush again.  "I know that you're confused.  I am too.  Why 
don't you stay here and think things over while I go talk to Sasami?  
She seemed shocked when she left.  All right?"
	Mihoshi nodded with a smile.  "Okay."
	As Tenchi got up and made for the door, Mihoshi said, "Oh 
Tenchi, one last thing."
	Tenchi turned back around.  "What is--?"
	Tenchi's question was cut off when Mihoshi sprang up, 
held him close, and kissed him passionately.  Tenchi was left 
feeling a little week in the knees, and not just from a lack of 
oxygen, when she finally let him go.
	Mihoshi giggled and waved at him.  "See you later, 
Tenchi."
	Tenchi absently waved and walked out into the hall, 
stumbling around like a drunk.
	Meanwhile, Sasami had run back into the cockpit and 
flopped herself down in her chair.  Her eyes were still wide and her 
blush was so deep that her freckles had vanished.
	"Is there something wrong, Sasami?"  Yukinojo inquired.  
He had grown fond of the polite little princess since their journey 
had begun.
	It was a few minutes before Sasami had even realized that 
she had been asked a question.  "No, nothing," she eventually 
replied with nervous laughter.
	"Miya?"  asked Ryo-oki.
	Noticing that the two were still looking at her intently, 
Sasami tried to explain.  "Well . . . I was kind of wondering why 
Tenchi wanted to go with Mihoshi in the first place and I sort of 
just found out."
	"Oh, I thought he had some interest in joining the Galaxy 
Police," Yukinojo said.  Both Mihoshi and Sasami had mentioned 
that to him and after reading Mihoshi's report on Tenchi's abilities, 
he thought that the Earthling would make a excellent GP officer.
	"Maybe that's only part of the reason."
	"And what is this other reason you have discovered?"
	Sasami, who had finally lost her blush, regained in full.  
She brought her fingers together and stuttered out, "Tenchi . . . 
Mihoshi . . . they were . . . were . . ."
	"Miya?"
	Sasami thought about it not being nice to gossip about 
people, but she had to tell someone about this, and Yukinojo and 
Ryo-oki were the only other people on the ship.  "I think Tenchi 
and Mihoshi like each other," she said finally, letting out a held 
breath.
	"Yes, from what I've seen you all get along together quite 
well, unlike Mihoshi's former partner."
	"I don't mean like that.  I mean Tenchi and Mihoshi like 
each other in a different way, that they like each other a whole lot."
	"Miya?"  Ryo-oki and Yukinojo were obviously confused.
	Seeing there expressions, Sasami decided to tell it like it 
was.  "All right, I was going into Mihoshi's room looking for 
Tenchi and Mihoshi to see if they wanted to have some snacks.  
When I went into the room, Tenchi and Mihoshi were on the floor 
kissing with a blanket over them."
	Sasami looked up after a few minutes of absolute silence 
had passed.  Both Ryo-oki and Yukinojo looked stunned by her 
news.
	It was during this silence that Tenchi entered the bridge.  
They all turned to look at him, but said nothing.  Tenchi felt 
uncomfortable under their gaze.  "Is something going on?"

	Back on Earth, Aeka and Ryoko were destroying the 
Masaki home.  This was not a surprising event, however, this time 
they were being a lot more methodical about it and the overall 
structure of the house wasn't seriously compromised, yet.  They 
had been looking for something, anything, that they could use in 
order to pursue Mihoshi, Tenchi, Sasami, Ryo-oki, and now 
Washu.  So far, their search had turned up nothing.
	"Say, what about grandpa?" Ryoko asked the second half of 
what was now a pretty dirty pair.  "Maybe he has something we can 
use."
	Nodding to each other, the two very determined women 
made their way to the Masaki shrine, Ryoko flying up the steps 
while Aeka hitched a ride on Azaka.
	Katsuhito was in the shrine office sipping on some tea, 
when he felt something stirring in the air.  "An omen," he said to 
himself.
	Minutes later, his calm was invaded by two very angry and 
somewhat disheveled young (in appearance at least) ladies.
	"Please, my brother," Aeka begged him.  "Tell me that you 
have some means of getting off of this planet."
	"Aeka, whatever is the matter?  Has something happened?  
Did Tenchi do something?"  He hadn't seen her this upset since she 
had crash landed on Earth.
	"I'll tell you what happened, old man," Ryoko told him in 
an angry tone.  "That blonde bimbo kidnapped my Tenchi and it's 
all because of your suggestion that she be his boyfriend!"
	Aeka was a little put off by this discovery.  "Yosho, how 
could you say such a thing when you know that I am a far better 
match for Tenchi than she will ever be?"
	Feeling the tension in the air, Katsuhito said, "Now ladies, 
please calm down.  I was simply looking out for my grandson's 
best interests and seeing what intentions Mihoshi had in regards to 
him.  I certainly didn't think that she would kidnap him because of 
it."  He took a sip of his tea and considered.  "Have you spoken to 
Washu about this yet?"
	"Yes," Ryoko replied, grinding her teeth in barely 
surpressed fury.  "She decided to go after Tenchi without us."
	"What about using Ryo-oki?"
	Aeka told him, "Mihoshi took her with her as well.  It 
appears that she was much more clever than I had given her credit 
for.  She must have been planning this from the very beginning.  
Pretending to be a scatter brain in order to lure us into a false sense 
of security, so she could snatch up Tenchi just when our guard was 
down."
	"Now you don't know that for sure, Aeka," Katsuhito said.  
"I would avoid jumping to conclusions until you know the whole 
story."
	"But we won't know the whole story until we catch up with 
them!"  Ryoko shouted.
	"I am sorry," Katsuhito said, putting down his tea.  "But, as 
you know, my spaceship crashed seven hundred years ago and can 
think of no other ship on Earth that could undertake the journey 
you want it to."
	Two now thoroughly depressed girls left the shrine, 
dragging their feet as they came down the stairs.
	"Hey, want to take another bath?  I think I still have a few 
bottles of sake left over." Ryoko asked her long-time rival.
	"I suppose that is all we can do at the moment," Aeka 
replied.
	Sometime later, Ryoko and Aeka were relaxing in the 
onsen, drinking sake, and trying to ignore the loss that they both 
felt.  It wasn't working very well.  Somehow, they had gotten onto 
the topic of how they had each first met Tenchi.  Ryoko had 
already told her story and now it was Aeka's turn.
	"I was searching for my brother to fulfill the promise of 
marriage between us, and to make sure you paid for your crimes.  I 
probably would have never found you if it hadn't been for the 
signal Funaho sent . . . "
	Ryoko looked with drunken concern at the Jurai princess 
staring straight ahead at nothing.  "What?  What is it?"
	Suddenly, Aeka was in motion.  She dashed out of the 
onsen in nothing but a towel, heading in the direction of the house.  
She looked as if she didn't even notice the cold.  Ryoko got dressed 
and followed soon after.
	Ryoko's eyes met with the unwelcome sight of Aeka 
trashing Tenchi's room.  They had both agreed to leave his room 
untouched until they could get him home. Ryoko had to duck some 
books 'accidentally' thrown in her direction as she entered.  "What 
are you doing?" she asked, outraged.
	Aeka exclaimed, "I've found it!"
	"Found what?"
	"The Master Key.  With it, we can use Funaho to send out a 
distress signal to Jurai and summon a ship to come get me."
	"Us."
	Aeka laughed a little.  "Yes, us, of course, how silly of me 
to forget."

	The initial awkwardness of their situation faded rather 
quickly.  Tenchi and Mihoshi's relationship was only just 
beginning and they made sure to only kiss when not in the presence 
of others, and even then not very often.  Sasami learned to knock 
first.
	Mihoshi strode into her room where the rest of them had 
gathered to have breakfast.  The GP detective had just received a 
personal call and Tenchi had decided that he wasn't quite ready to 
face her relatives yet.
	"That was my grandmother," Mihoshi told them as she sat 
down and Sasami placed her breakfast before her.  "She said that 
my grandfather wants to meet us at work.  I told her it was okay.  Is 
it all right with you, Tenchi?  Sasami?"
	"It doesn't matter to me," Sasami said immediately.
	"I don't mind either," Tenchi told her.  "Where does your 
grandfather work?"
	"Oh, he works at the main Galaxy Police office.  It's on a 
space station that orbits the planet he lives on."
	"I guess that makes sense.  Does working for the Galaxy 
Police run in your family?"
	"Well, my grandfather was originally from a planet where 
interstellar contact was kept a secret like on Earth, so my father 
didn't even know about the Galaxy Police until after he was 
married.  My grandfather wanted him to have a normal life.  My 
mom and dad were sort of mercenaries back then.  Mom became 
an antiques dealer and father more or less takes care of the house, 
but they still go on adventures sometimes."
	"Okay," Tenchi said, now nervous with the idea of meeting 
Mihoshi's parents.  "How long is it going to take for us to get 
there?"
	"Oh, another few hours."
	"What are we going to do until then?  I don't feel like 
practicing or watching TV."  Tenchi was feeling a little too nervous 
to pay attention to either activity.  He needed something to take his 
mind off meeting the grandfather of his new girlfriend.  It made 
him more nervous to realize that him being a GP officer meant that 
he could lock Tenchi up and throw away the key if he didn't 
approve.  Grandfathers can be stern like that, Tenchi knew from 
experience.
	"We can play that card game," Sasami suggested.  "I want 
to be Sailor Moon again!"  She stood up and posed, "In the name of 
the Moon, I will punish you!"
	"Meow, meow!"  Ryo-oki added.
	"All right, Ryo-oki will be Luna," Sasami translated.
	"And I want to be Sailor Venus!"  Mihoshi declared, also 
standing up and posing.  "In the name of Venus, I will punish you!"
	"Why is that?"  Tenchi asked, at the same time thinking that 
the girls were getting way to into this game.
	"Because she's the Sailor of love, Tenchi," Mihoshi 
practically purred as she through a seductive glance in his 
direction.  Tenchi gulped, feeling suddenly hot under the collar.  
"She also has blonde hair like me!"
	Everyone face-faulted.
	They had a much more lively game then they ever had 
before.  Sasami and Mihoshi had to pose and declare all of their 
attacks, while practically forcing Tenchi to act out his role as a 
dark general.  He absolutely refused to pretend to be the queen.  
Ryo-oki had also aided the two crusaders for love and justice.  The 
highlight of the game had to be Mihoshi's invented attack, the 
'Venus Surprise Kiss,' which took out the dark general and nearly 
took out Sailor Moon at the same time.
	By the time the game was over, they had nearly reached the 
space station.  They all took their seats at the bridge while it 
loomed closer and closer on the screen.  Tenchi was in awe.  He 
had never seen something artificial that was so huge before.  It 
dwarfed the tallest buildings of Tokyo.  The only thing that could 
come close was the Death Star thing from Star Wars.  The GP 
headquarters was much smaller than that, but then that had only 
been a movie.
	Sasami thought it was neat.  Mihoshi hardly gave it a 
second thought, most of her thoughts focused on the man sitting 
beside her.  Without her eyes leaving the screen, Mihoshi slipped 
her hand over to take his hand in hers.  She smiled and blushed 
when Tenchi automatically tightened his grip.
	"Incoming transmission from the station," Yukinojo 
announced.
	"Put it on screen," Mihoshi said in a professional-sounding 
voice.  Tenchi was a little startled by her tone.  The only time he 
heard it before was when Kagato had attacked.  He suddenly 
realized that he was holding Mihoshi's hand, thought about letting 
go, but then decided not to.
	A holographic window suddenly appeared with the image 
of a humanoid in a galaxy police uniform.  She was obviously 
female, but had magenta skin, three sloped back horns, and red 
wrap around glasses.  She spoke as if it were something she had 
said countless times before, "GP vessel, please state your--"
	The woman paused for a moment and said in a much 
friendlier tone.  "Oh Mihoshi, it's you.  Take docking bay 14.  Your 
grandfather is waiting for you in his office."
	"Thanks a lot," Mihoshi replied in her normal tone with a 
smile.
	The woman smiled, nodded, and the window disappeared.
	"Beginning landing procedure now," Yukinojo announced.
	"So was that a friend of yours, Mihoshi?"  Tenchi asked.
	"Never seen her before in my life, Tenchi," Mihoshi 
admitted.
	Tenchi pondered this while their shuttle detached from the 
main ship and landed in one of the landing bays.  He pondered this 
some more as everyone they passed went out of their way to be 
polite and helpful to Mihoshi. He knew that she was a first class 
detective, but they were treating her as she were the princess, rather 
than Sasami.
	"Are you sure we're going the right way?" Tenchi asked as 
he noticed they were passing the offices of some of the most 
important people in the Galaxy Police.
	"Yep, almost there."
	Tenchi stood in shock when they finally stopped.
	"This is it, Tenchi," Mihoshi announced, gesturing to the 
office of the Marshall.
	"You mean . . . that your grandfather . . . is the head of the 
Galaxy Police?"  Tenchi asked in surprise.
	"Of course.  Didn't I tell you that before?"  Mihoshi asked.
	Tenchi was so shocked that Sasami and Ryo-oki had to 
drag him inside, passed the secretary who gave them a funny look, 
but waved them on anyway.
	The Marshall of the Galaxy Police had a huge office.  His 
large desk looked tiny against the back drop of the windows that 
reached all the way to the ceiling three stories above.  The man 
himself stood by one of those windows, looking out at the ships 
that floated there.
	He was a big man, Tenchi noticed immediately, though 
more of build than of weight.  He stood around two and a half 
meters tall and his body appeared to be all muscle, though it was 
hard to tell with the somewhat elaborate uniform he wore.  With 
only seeing a hint of the man's profile, there was already a strong 
resemblance to Mihoshi.  Same blonde hair, pointed ears, and 
tanned skin.
	"Hi, grandpa!" Mihoshi said warmly.
	The man turned around and Tenchi was struck by his proud 
and unlined features.  He looked more like he should be Mihoshi's 
father rather than grandfather.  He smiled and said, "Yes, I watched 
your ship arrive.  It is good to see you again, Mihoshi."
	The Marshall seemed to notice now that there were others 
there besides his granddaughter.  "And you've brought guests.  
Would you please introduce them?"
	Tenchi suddenly found Mihoshi's arm around him, "This is 
my new boyfriend, Tenchi, and over there is Sasami and Ryo-oki."
	Tenchi, after recovering from being called her 'boyfriend,' 
whispered to Mihoshi, "What about the aliases?"
	"Oh, they would never work on my grandfather," Mihoshi 
told him, whispering right into his ear.  "He knows everything."
	Sasami bowed, "Pleased to meet you, sir."
	The Marshall bowed to her even more deeply.  "It is I who 
should bow to you, second princess of Jurai."
	"See, I told you," Mihoshi whispered to Tenchi.
	"It's nice to meet you, sir," Tenchi told the Marshall.
	"A pleasure to meet you, Tenchi Masaki."
	"How did you know my full name?"
	"I have my ways.  It should have been mentioned in what is 
supposed to be my granddaughter's report.  I don't know how they 
thought they could fool me into believing that it's the work of my 
own granddaughter.  It seems that Jurai are trying to keep secrets 
from the Galaxy Police, and not for the first time either."
	Mihoshi whipped out a hard bound report with a doodle of 
her on the cover.  "I brought a copy just in case, grandpa."
	The Marshall walked over and took the report from her.  Up 
close, Tenchi noticed just how tall and imposing he really was, 
perhaps even more so than Aeka's father, Azuza.  He was also very 
conscious of the fact that Mihoshi still had her arm around him.  
There was the sudden thought that this was a man so powerful that 
he didn't even need to invent a charge to get Tenchi arrested.
	Tenchi and the Marshall's eyes met for a moment and 
Tenchi was sure that he was going to say something, but instead he 
moved on and sat down behind his desk.  He touched it's smooth 
surface and three chairs popped up from the floor.  "Please, take a 
seat," he told them.
	They all took the offered seats, Ryo-oki perching on 
Sasami's head.
	The Marshall started to flip through the report.  There was a 
different tone to his voice when he spoke, more formal and less 
open.  "As exhaustive as ever, Mihoshi, but as it will take me some 
time to go through this, can you hit the high points for me?"
	"Yes, sir," Mihoshi replied in her serious voice.  "I had 
been assigned to pursue Kagato and that search led me to Earth.  
My shuttle was thrown into subspace due to the summoning of a 
demon by the former space pirate Ryoko.  I escaped mostly 
unharmed after being rescued by Tenchi.  On Earth, I discovered 
not only the space pirate previously mentioned, but also four 
members of the Jurai royal family; Princess Aeka, Princess Sasami, 
Prince Yosho, and Prince Tenchi."
	"The version of the report I was handed made no mention 
of Yosho or that Tenchi was related to the Jurai royal family.  
Yosho has been lost and presumed dead for over seven hundred 
years.  Tenchi was only mentioned as an Earthling.  I believe I may 
have to contact Jurai over this.  Please, go on."
	"After I had been staying at the Masaki home for a little 
while, Kagato appeared and attacked.  I attempted to apprehend 
him, but he resisted arrest.  Tenchi tried to fight him off with 
Tenchi-ken, the sword last in the possession of Yosho.  That it 
worked for Tenchi confirmed that he was related to the Jurai royal 
family.  After he failed to defeat Kagato, Tenchi's grandfather 
appeared and revealed that he was in fact Yosho.  He attempted to 
fight Kagato as well, but the criminal took control of Ryoko, whom 
he claimed belonged to him.  Yosho managed to free Ryoko from 
Kagato's control, but the criminal vanished, taking Ryoko with 
him.
	"We all, save Yosho and Sasami, went off in pursuit of 
Kagato in Ryo-oki, who had absorbed the remaining part of Ryo-
oh, Princess Aeka's ship.  There was a fire fight, during which it 
was assumed at the time that Tenchi had been killed.  I would later 
discover that he had been saved by Tsunami, Sasami's ship.  Ryoko 
appeared, having escaped from Kagato, and we all boarded Soja in 
search of the criminal.
	"Though odd circumstances, I ended up on the reversed 
layer of the ship where Kagato had imprisoned the legendary mad 
scientist Washu.  I managed to free her while attempting to subdue 
two snake guardians.  She destroyed said guardians and explained 
that there was no way out of the reversed layer while Kagato was 
still alive.  We observed Aeka and Ryoko fight Kagato, unable to 
help for the most part.  Washu was able to thaw Ryoko when she 
became frozen and brought Aeka over to the reversed layer so 
Ryoko wouldn't have to hold back her power.
	"Tenchi appeared with Tsunami.  He tried to fight Kagato 
and failed.  The criminal made use of the full power of the gems in 
order to try to take control of Tsunami.  He also attempted to kill 
Tenchi, but was stopped when Tenchi suddenly generated three 
Wings of the Light Hawk and eventually destroyed Kagato, cutting 
the Soja in half as a side effect."
	"You're the one who killed Kagato?  By generating Light 
Hawk Wings by yourself?"  the Marshall asked Tenchi directly, the 
surprise clear in his voice.
	Tenchi felt uncomfortable under his scrutiny.  "Yes, sir, but 
I don't really have control of the Light Hawk Wings.  I've tried to 
use them several times afterwards, but nothing has happened."
	"It is still an impressive feat," he told Tenchi.  "We had 
been hunting Kagato for a very long time.  He has destroyed more 
ships and killed more officers than I care to think about.  That one 
young man could obliterate him utterly is nothing short of amazing.  
I'm not surprised that Jurai tried to keep it a secret.  I haven't heard 
of anyone who could generate the Light Hawk Wings like that, no 
matter the circumstances."
	"It was really nothing," Tenchi said and laughed, 
uncomfortable with the praise.
	The Marshall leant back and closed his eyes for a moment.  
When he opened them again, they were focused directly on Tenchi.  
There was something intense about his gaze that Tenchi didn't like.  
"We have an agreement with Jurai that no members of their royal 
family should ever become members of the Galaxy Police for 
various reasons, but Tenchi, you have yet to be acknowledged as a 
member of the Jurai royal family."
	"What are you trying to say, sir?"
	"I want you to come work for us, Tenchi.  You have the 
right sort of mindset and more power than one of our star ships.  
After you graduate from the academy, I'm sure you would make it 
to first class detective in no time.  I could even make you a 
temporary officer for destroying such a wanted criminal."
	Tenchi was stunned by the offer.  Mihoshi giggled happily.  
Sasami said, "I want to be a detective too, grandpa!"
	The Marshall laughed at her enthusiasm.  "All right, you 
can be an apprentice detective, but you won't be able to use your 
real name.  I'll even assign Mihoshi to be your superior."
	"Thank you, grandpa."
	The Marshall smiled and noticing that Tenchi was still in a 
state of shock, said, "I can see that you need some time to think my 
offer over.  Why don't you stay at my home for a few days?  I have 
to make preparations for your award ceremony anyway."
	"Award ceremony?" Tenchi asked.
	"Yes, for all of you defeating the wanted criminal Kagato.  
I'll have to think of something though, so Jurai won't know your 
true identities."
	"We already thought of that, grandpa," Sasami told him, 
"My new name will be Sammy Amagasaki and I'll be Tenchi's little 
sister.
	"Very clever," the Marshall told her.  "But seeing as Tenchi 
isn't a common name, it will have to be changed as well.  How 
about . . . Kenji?  It's close to the original, so shouldn't be too hard 
to get used to."
	"I like it!" Sasami enthused.  "Don't you, Kenji?"
	It took Tenchi a moment to realize he was the one she was 
talking to.  "Yeah, sure, it's fine."
	"Good.  Mihoshi, why don't you take your friends and get 
settled at my house.  I should be joining you around dinner time."
	"All right, grandpa."

	Kiyone rubbed her head as she awoke in unfamiliar 
surroundings.  She blinked as fuzzy objects arranged themselves to 
form a ship's sick bay.  She also noticed that she was wearing 
clean, ill-fitting clothes rather than her dirty GP uniform.  She 
added that she herself had been cleaned and her uneven self hair 
cut had been made into something more presentable.
	Because of all this, she was slow in realizing that she didn't 
feel as bad as she once had.  She still felt like hell, but it was more 
like the fifth level of hell rather than the ninth that she had been on.  
He whole body was covered in dull spots of pain and her tongue 
felt like sandpaper, but she no longer felt like clawing out her own 
stomach to stop the hunger pains.
	While Kiyone was still getting her bearings, a woman 
entered the room.  She was somewhere in her mid-fifties, with light 
grey hair and dark brown eyes.
	"Oh, you're awake."
	"Who are you?" Kiyone asked in suspicious tone as she 
covertly glanced around the room for something she could use as a 
weapon.
	"You don't remember?"
	Kiyone shook her head.  Her last clear memory was hunting 
in vain for any vermin that remained on the ship, only to discover 
that she must have caught and eaten them all already.
	"My husband and I found you on a ruined hulk that we were 
salvaging.  I guess I can understand you not remembering.  You 
were obviously delirious from starvation at the time."
	Kiyone relaxed, though only slightly.  If this woman had 
wanted to harm her, she would have done so already.  She certainly 
wouldn't have treated her injuries.
	"My name is Vitia and you're aboard the Kazani.  We're 
still not far from where we found you and are willing to help you 
get where ever you need to go."
	"Kiyone, Galaxy Police detective first class, and I need you 
to take me to the nearest GP station immediately," Kiyone told her 
in the most authoritarian tone she could muster at the moment.
	Vitia nodded.  "We thought that would be the case, so we're 
already headed in that direction.  It's still some distance from the 
nearest station though and our ship isn't what you would consider 
top of the line, so it will be a little while before we get there.  
Incidentally, I laundered and repaired your uniform as best I could.  
It's in the guest room I've set aside for you, along with your blaster 
and the other things that you had on you."
	"Thank you for your hospitality.  Could you take me there 
now?"
	Vitia frowned slightly.  "I don't think you should be moving 
around yet.  Your body has been through hell.  Heck, you were 
lucky to survive."
	"I'll be fine," Kiyone insisted as she stood up and started 
walking.  She only took a few steps, however, before she started to 
collapse.  Vitia caught her before she could hit the floor.
	"You're as stubborn as my own daughter," she told Kiyone 
as she helped the GP detective to walk.  "But since all your body 
needs right now is sleep, I guess you can do that in your room as 
well as in our med unit."
	Vitia helped Kiyone settle into her bed after the GP officer 
had checked to make sure all of her things were there.  The older 
woman even tucked the sheets up around her.  *Poor girl,* Vitia 
thought as she left the room.  *No one should have to go through 
what she did.*
	Just before she surrendered into sleep, Kiyone mumbled to 
herself, "Mihoshi, I swear I will find you and kill you."  It was with 
a smile that the GP detective finally fell asleep.
