I'll Go With You
(Tenchi Story Arc: Mihoshi)
By Ammadeau
Roy.Fokker@UNSpacy.org
http://Ammadeau.tripod.com/fanfiction.htm

Any C&C, comments, or questions would be appreciated.

Part of the Tenchi Story Arc, originally created by Robert Ballet.

Part 1

	Washu and Tenchi were sitting around her lab, discussing 
his latest failure.  Or rather Washu was sitting while Tenchi was 
still strapped to her machine.  Tenchi had tried making changes to 
the past so he could settle down with Ryoko or Aeka, but neither 
world had worked out in the end, much to his frustration.  There 
was always something he didn't think of that ended up ruining 
everything.
	"You know, Tenchi," Washu told him after taking a sip of 
tea.  "Those weren't the only changes you could have made.  There 
are probably several other alterations that would have left you 
happy with either Ryoko or Aeka, perhaps even both."
	Tenchi shivered a little at the suggestion.  He had a hard 
enough time dealing with one, both would be too much for him to 
handle.  "I don't know Washu, they're both so much that I don't 
think I'd be able to survive that, and besides, I can't think of 
anything else to try and win one of them right now.  Maybe I 
should try for someone a little more normal, like Mihoshi."
	A frown crossed Washu's face.  Tenchi wasn't very 
surprised; he knew that the diminutive genius and the galaxy police 
officer didn't get along very well.  "There's nothing normal about 
Mihoshi."
	"Maybe, but at least she doesn't have the power to blow up 
the house a dozen times over."
	"Need I remind you of a little incident involving Mihoshi 
and a her shuttle?  Believe me, Mihoshi is dangerous enough with 
the power that she has."
	Tenchi did remember when Mishoshi had crashed her 
shuttle into the lake.  It was a good thing Washu was around the 
repair the house so quickly or his father would have had a fit.  
Mihoshi had come back sooner than any of them had expected, just 
because he had said that she could.  He remembered how her 
whole face had lit up when he had said that.  It was the first real 
time that he knew that Mihoshi had some feelings for him.  He also 
remembered not being upset at the house being leveled, mainly 
because he could see her again.  So maybe he had some feelings for 
her too.
	Tenchi had also sometimes wondered what being a Galaxy 
Police officer would be like.  At heart, all he wanted was a simple 
life on Earth, but that didn't mean that a part of him didn't ponder 
how it would be to right wrongs out among the stars.  He wondered 
how different his life would have been had he gone with her to 
make that report rather than inviting her to return.  "Wait, that's it!"
	"What's it, Tenchi?"
	"Washu, what if I had gone with Mihoshi when she left to 
make her report and didn't come back?"
	Tenchi could tell by Washu's expression that she didn't like 
this idea at all.  "The other girls would feel extremely upset for 
one."
	Tenchi didn't want to hurt anyone's feelings, but knew that 
it was that reluctance that had gotten him into the mess he was in 
now, not to mention had ruined his chances for happiness in the 
last experiments he had tried.  "Yes, they'd be hurt and probably 
angry at first, but letting them down easy didn't work before.  
Maybe this way they'll get over me."
	"I really don't know about this, Tenchi."  Washu sounded 
extremely reluctant, but Tenchi couldn't be sure if the thought of 
Mihoshi was clouding her judgment.
	"Come on Washu, there'll be no harm in trying this."
	Washu nodded as she started up the machine again.  "If you 
say so Tenchi, but I don't think you've given this enough thought.  
Don't be surprised when it doesn't work."
	Tenchi nodded as his world dissolved in a flash of light.

	"Tenchi, are you all right?"  He heard Mihoshi say to him.
	Tenchi opened his eyes as he recovered from the slight 
wave of dizziness that was the only side effect of Washu's 
machine.  He marveled at how precise it was.  Mihoshi now stood 
before him in her black dress uniform, her blue eyes wide in 
concern for him.  Behind her, her shuttle lay in the placid lake as 
the sun set behind it.  Sasami and Ryo-oki were at his side, also 
looking up at him with worried expressions.  This was the exact 
moment which he wanted to change.  "I'm fine, really.  Just a little 
dizzy there for a moment."
	Mihoshi nodded and straightened up.  "Tenchi, thanks for 
everything.  I'll never forget the time that I spent here," she told 
him with a smile that had much more of an effect on him now, then 
when this had first happened.  He was surprised on how sad and 
wistful a smile could look.
	"Mihoshi, are you really going home?" Sasami asked, her 
young voice filled with emotion.  Tenchi had forgotten that he 
hadn't been the only one who had been reluctant to see the GP 
officer go.
	"I have to, because of my work," Mihoshi replied 
regretfully, looking down at her hands.
	"No, I don't want you to!" Sasami suddenly shouted, 
grabbing hold of Mihoshi's hands as she began to cry.
	Before Sasami's tears, Mihoshi's professional facade 
crumbled.  "I'm sorry, Sasami.  I don't want to . . . I don't . . ." she 
said as her own tears began.
	"Sasami, please don't be difficult," Tenchi told her, this 
time to make it more easy on him then on Mihoshi for what he was 
planning to do.  He didn't want to think of how much it would hurt 
this little girl when both he and Mihoshi left her behind.
	"But Tenchi," Sasami said, giving Tenchi a hug that only 
made him feel more guilty.  His resolve was firm, however.  If he 
didn't do this, nothing would change, and no one could be happy.
	"Mihoshi, would it be better if I went with you?"  Tenchi 
asked her, hiding a slight smile.
	"What?" Mihoshi said in some surprise, blinking away her 
tears.
	"I thought that I'd go with you.  I've always wanted to see 
the galaxy and who knows?  Might even want to join the Galaxy 
Police."
	"Really?"  Mihoshi asked, her eyes sparkling.
	Tenchi nodded with a smile.  "Yes, really."
	"I'm so happy!"  Mihoshi practically shouted and danced 
around.
	"No!" Sasami shouted, tightening her hug on Tenchi.  "You 
can't leave me too, Tenchi!"  "Miya, miya!" chimed in Ryo-oki 
with her own protests.
	Tenchi looked down to her young face, tears flowing freely 
from his eyes, and said the first thing that came to his mind, "Why 
don't you come with us, Sasami?"
	"I can?  Really?" she asked, sounding very excited.
	Tenchi had the feeling that he had just made a big mistake, 
but he couldn't take back his words before her hopeful expression.  
Not trusting himself to speak, he simply nodded.
	"Wow, it's going to be so much fun!" Sasami shouted in 
glee.
	"Yes, it will," Mihoshi added with a joyful giggle.
	Tenchi nodded and said, "But we have to leave now or 
everyone else will want to come too.  That means leaving 
everything you have behind.  Except Ryo-oki, of course."
	Mihoshi added, "Oh, I still have some old outfits that 
should fit Sasami pretty well.  I really have no idea why my father 
packed them for me.  But what about you, Tenchi?"
	Tenchi realized then that it might have been better if he had 
jumped in sometime before this moment so he could have spent 
some time packing, but then again that might have given his whole 
plan away.  *Well, there's no time to worry about that now.*
	"I'll be fine," he told them.  "I can pick up some things on 
the way.  I think we should leave right now, though."
	Mihoshi nodded and they quickly boarded the shuttle.

	"Bye bye now, don't come back for a long time," Aeka and 
Ryoko said simultaneously as they watched the shuttle take off.  
Moments later, after the lake water had settled down again, they 
realized something was wrong.
	"Hey, where's Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked as she looked out to 
where the boy had stood only minutes ago.
	"And Sasami as well," Aeka added, studying the same spot.
	The former space pirate turned to face the crown princess 
of Jurai.  "You don't think..?"
	"That Mihoshi would kidnap Tenchi and Sasami?"  Aeka 
asked and laughed.  "I certainly doubt that.  She is a Galaxy Police 
officer, after all."
	"I don't know.  She's been awfully friendly to my Tenchi 
lately and some people will do anything to get what they want."
	Aeka had noticed Ryoko referring to him as 'her' Tenchi, so 
she asked with some venom, "If that's true, then why didn't you 
kidnap Tenchi some time ago?"
	"Honestly?  I never thought of it before.  Well, I did try 
something like that before and it didn't work out, thanks to you.  
Either way, I'm going to stop that shuttle.  Come, Ryo-oki!"
	The both waited for some time in silence, but the cabbit 
failed to appear.
	"Damn it!" Ryoko shouted.  "I can't sense her, so she must 
be out of range."
	"I would seem that Mihoshi kidnapped Ryo-oki as well."
	"How can you be so calm about this?  She kidnapped 
Tenchi!"
	"And Sasami," Aeka added.
	"Yeah, and your own sister!  How can you be so calm, 
especially when my ship is gone and it'll be years before your ship 
will fly again?"
	"It's simple, we ask Washu.  She must have some way of 
following them."
	Without a word, Ryoko rushed off to Washu's lab, Aeka 
following close behind.
	Washu sat calmly as Ryoko and Aeka took turns in 
explaining to her what had happened.  By this time, neither of them 
were calm.
	"I see.  Well, there is something I can do--"
	Aeka jumped in.  "I knew there would be, after all you are 
the number one genius scientist in the universe."
	"True, but as I was saying, there is something I can do, but 
it's going to take time to set up.  And I'd finish it much faster 
without the two of you in the way."
	"But she'll get away with Tenchi!"  Ryoko protested.
	"Don't worry, Ryoko dear.  With my invention, it won't 
matter how far away they are.  After all, I am a scientific genius!"
	Ryoko and Aeka were forced to wait outside Washu's lab 
until she called for them.  They both showed an amazing amount of 
patience, for them at least, but after three hours and no sign of 
Washu, that patience was completely exhausted.
	Ryoko burst into the lab with Aeka following close behind.  
What they saw shocked them speechless.  The lab was now mostly 
empty.  In fact, entire portions of the lab were simply missing.  The 
only room that remained was where Ryu-oh was growing.
	"What the hell is going on here?!" Ryoko shouted as 
electricity arched between her hands.
	Too stunned to speak, Aeka handed Ryoko a note that she 
had just found on the door.  It read "Went after Tenchi.  Love, 
Washu.  PS, try not to blow up the house while I'm gone."
	Their screams of outrage could be heard from far away.
	At the nearby Masaki shrine, Katsuhito wondered what all 
the commotion was about, but was confident that he would find out 
soon enough.

	"Yukinojo?  I'd like for you to meet Tenchi and Sasami."
	"Miya."
	Mihoshi giggled.  "And of course, Ryo-oki."
	Yukinojo bowed, or at least as much a bow as a robot head 
could manage.  "A pleasure to meet you all.  But Mihoshi, why are 
they here?"
	"Why are they here?  To come with us, of course."
	"With us?" the robot asked, blinking in surprise.
	Mihoshi, finally realizing that her guests have been 
standing for the last ten minutes, took out her control cube.  "Now, 
I know there was a way to configure the bridge for three people," 
she said as she started fiddling with it.
	Tenchi was surprised by the cup of coffee that suddenly 
appeared in his hands.  He was happy that it came with a saucer 
because it was steaming hot.  Ryo-oki had to quickly dodge out of 
the way when one of the compartments above her suddenly opened 
up and dumped out all of its contents.  Sasami had instantly 
become the proud possessor of a battery-powered portable grill.  "I 
can make grilled fish on this!" she enthused.
	"Quarter turn of the right side," Yukinojo instructed once it 
had figured out her purpose.  "And then turn the top 18 degrees."
	Mihoshi did as she was instructed and the modular bridge 
began to move around, with two additional seats coming up from 
the floor.  "There, I did it!" she said happily.
	"You certainly did," Tenchi replied as he took a seat and a 
sip of the coffee.  He had never really drank coffee before, but this 
was rather good.
	Sasami took her own seat, with Ryo-oki perched on her 
head and the hibachi slung across her lap.
	"We will be docking with the main ship shortly," Yukinojo 
announced.
	They only felt a slight jarring sensation, like the echo of a 
far-away earthquake, before Yukinojo said, "Docking with the 
main ship complete."
	"Great," Mihoshi told her robotic assistant.  "Then let's 
make our report."
	The robot head sweat-dropped.  "Mihoshi, there are 
currently three unauthorized personal on the bridge.  It is against 
Galaxy Police regulations to talk about sensitive matters like your 
report in front of them.  I suggest that they wait in one of the rooms 
of the main ship."
	"It's okay, Yukinojo.  There were there for everything I'm 
going to report on anyway."
	"I don't want you to get into any sort of trouble, Mihoshi," 
Tenchi told her.  " Sasami and I can wait in your room or 
something.  It'll be no problem."
	"Okay, I'll show you all to my room.  You could watch TV 
there if you want.  Us GP officers get Galactic TV for free.  My 
report should only take a few minutes anyway."
	Mihoshi lead them down the main corridor of the ship a 
short ways until they reached a room that had a sign proclaiming 
"Mihoshi" in badly drawn characters and little yellow stars all 
around it.
	Tenchi and Sasami were more than a little surprised by 
what they found inside.  Mihoshi's home at the Masaki residence 
was never what one would call clean, though she did make a 
weekly effort to keep it in shape.  This room looked like it had 
never been cleaned at all.  It was filled with a vast assortment of 
both mundane and strange objects that seemed to be scattered 
about at random.  The only things that were relatively clear were 
the bed in the center, the TV up against one wall, and the open 
closet on the other.
	"Okay, you just sit and rest here.  I'll be right back," 
Mihoshi told them, then went back to the bridge.
	Tenchi sat down on the bed, only blushing slightly when he 
realized that this was Mihoshi's bed that he was now sitting on.  To 
distract himself from hentai thoughts, he switched on the TV and 
started flipping through the channels with the remote that he had 
found.  Some shows seemed pretty interesting, though he hadn't 
found one in any language that he understood so far.
	Meanwhile, Sasami was going around the room, tidying up 
things as best she could while she thought of all the exciting 
adventures that awaited them.  Ryo-oki did her best to help at first, 
but seeing there wasn't much a cabbit could do, settled down to 
watch TV with Tenchi.
	Looking up from an odd show staring two penguin-like 
aliens, Tenchi noticed that the room was now much neater than it 
had been minutes ago.  Sasami was currently hanging up a few of 
Mihoshi's sweaters in the closet.  "Wow Sasami, you've really 
cleaned this place up fast."
	Sasami blushed a little with the compliment.  "It was 
nothing, Tenchi.  After all, Mihoshi is letting us travel the galaxy 
with her."
	"Yeah, I was thinking about that.  Sasami, how closely tied 
to Jurai is the Galaxy Police?"
	"Pretty close.  Mihoshi needed Jurai's permission just to 
enter the solar system."
	"I thought so.  That means that people will recognize your 
name as a princess of the planet Jurai and try to take you home."
	"But I want to stay with you, Tenchi!"
	Tenchi had hoped that she would want to go home, but he 
would miss her company if she were gone.  "Okay, then you need 
an alias.  A name that we can call you so people don't know who 
you really are."
	Sasami thought about this for a while.  "How about . . . 
Sammy?"
	Tenchi didn't think that it was much of a change, but both 
Sasami and Ryo-oki seemed to like the name very much.  "All 
right, you'll be Sammy.  I'll be Tenchi Amagasaki, since people 
might recognize the name 'Masaki.'"
	"Then what will be my last name, Tenchi?"
	"Hmm . . . I guess you can use Amagasaki as well.  You 
can be my little sister."
	"All right!  I like that idea, Tenchi."
	Just then, Mihoshi came back in the room.  "Wow, what 
happened here?"
	"Sasami decided to tidy up the place for you, Mihoshi," 
Tenchi told here.
	"Thanks so much, Sasami."
	"You're welcome, but my name is Sammy now."
	"Huh?"  Mihoshi looked very confused.
	Tenchi explained, "Sasami and I don't want to attract any 
attention from Jurai, so we decided to use the names Sammy and 
Tenchi Amagasaki for now."
	"Oh, I get it.  Don't worry, your secret is safe with me.  Hey, 
maybe I should think of an alias too.  How about..."
	"Miya?" Ryo-oki said.
	"Yes, Mia could be my alias."
	Tenchi and Sasami sweat-dropped.  "Mihoshi, you don't 
need an alias since you're not related to the Jurai royal family."
	"Oh, that's right, though I could be..."
	Feeling that Mihoshi was starting to move a little too fast 
for his tastes, Tenchi changed the subject.  "So where are we 
headed, Mihoshi?"
	"We'll be going to see my grandfather first.  I haven't seen 
him for some time.  He really wants to meet you, Tenchi!"
	"Your grandfather?" Tenchi asked nervously.  He knew the 
whole purpose of doing this was to start a relationship with 
Mihoshi, but he didn't feel ready to meet any of her relatives yet.  
Things were going a little faster than he had expected.

	In deep space, far from these events, a husband and wife 
team of salvage operators had found more than they had bargained 
for on a recently discovered wreck.
	The woman was investigating the intact portion of the ship 
while her husband was rounding up the more valuable loose pieces 
with their shuttle.  This was standard procedure for them since he 
had the brute strength and she had the talent for firearms.  Though 
she rarely had to draw the blaster that she wore on her hip, there 
were some very dangerous things to be found on old hulks like 
this.  Violent aliens, mutated animals, malfunctioning auto-defense 
systems.  She had earned a scar from a clawed, mad alien once, but 
her husband had only said that it gave her face character.  She was 
a woman prepared for anything, except what she had found.
	Near the center of the ship was a malnourished young 
woman in a tattered GP uniform.  Her hair had been cut ragged and 
short and her skin was very pale.  The salvager bent down to make 
sure that she was still alive.
	Immediately, the green-haired woman sprang up and had a 
blaster pointed at the salvager's face.  Despite the fact that she was 
breathing hard and she looked ready to collapse any moment, the 
blaster didn't waver in the slightest.
	"Mihoshi?" the GP officer asked in a scratchy voice, her 
voice a mixture of hope and terror.
	"Who?" the woman responded, too surprised to pull her 
own blaster.
	"Who are you then?" she demanded.
	"Calm down.  I'm just a salvager here to make some money 
off of this wreck.  I don't mean you any harm.  We didn't even 
know anybody was here."
	"Oh, good," the teal-haired officer said and then collapsed 
on the floor.
	The woman took out her radio.  "Pa?"
	"Yeah, ma?" her husband responded.
	"Bring the shuttle around here.  I need your help in carrying 
a girl I just found here back to the ship.  She looks half-dead so I 
want to feed her to our med unit pronto.  Strange thing is, she's 
wearing a Galaxy Police uniform."
	"Galaxy Police? Will do."
