And I have Returned!!  I finally am getting around to writing the fourth chapter 
of this story.  I don't know why, but I have had writers block for a bit.  
Standard Note:  I don't own Tenchi Muyo or its affiliates.  The great gods of 
Pioneer/AIC have such power, and continue to tease us mere mortals with rumors 
of a third OAV.  I can't say I own nothing, since I do own My car (go me.  My 
parents didn't buy it for me!)  and Victor Duras (I guess I kinda own the plot 
of the story too...).  Ah well.  Also, check Out K1 Goddess Syndrome, since it 
takes place after Illusions.  Don't know why it got finished first.  Anyway, 
much thanks goes out to all of you that are still interested in this story.  
Gomen for the long wait.


Illusions of Life:
Chapter, the Fourth - Illusions of Broken Ties



	White, puffy clouds floated lazily in the Azure sky.  Ayeka noticed this 
as she folded the laundry and hung the linens.  <If only my mood were as 
beautiful and positive as the sky today,> she thought to herself gloomily.  The 
princess was dressed in a simple lavender sundress with white and pink flowers 
on it.  Ayeka had been folding clothes before lunch, as is her habit.  Usually 
she could count on Kiyone's help, but the teal haired detective was currently 
interrogating some space pirates with Tenchi, Ryoko, and the bounty hunter 
Victor.
	Ayeka paused when she ran over the list of who was interrogating the 
pirates.  So <Ryoko and Tenchi are spending *more* time with each other.>  
Sighing, Ayeka was a bit surprised when it didn't hurt as much as she thought it 
would.  What would she do if Tenchi chose Ryoko?  <Oh rubbish, Ayeka.  Now stop 
thinking like that, Ayeka chided herself.  You know perfectly well that someone 
as kind, gentle, innocent and honorable, as Tenchi would never pick that 
Bakemono over a beautiful princess such as yourself...>
	Ayeka let out a bark of laughter.  "Who are you kidding, Ayeka?  He 
doesn't care that you are a princess, just like he doesn't care that Ryoko used 
to be the most wanted space pirate in the universe.  He only cares about who we 
are," and the pink-eyed princess stifled a sob.  "Who I am..."
	A plaintive wail could be heard from the crib a few feet away, jolting 
Ayeka out of her thoughts.  Shaking her head, Ayeka stood and walked over to the 
floating crib.  Sitting in the center of the apparatus was a blue haired baby in 
a white dress.  Mayuka was alternating between looking at an empty bottle on the 
edge of the crib and crying.
	"Oh, so you want another bottle?"  Ayeka said with a smile.  "My oh my 
don't you eat quite a bit.  If you keep this up you'll start acting like Ryoko, 
won't you?"  Ayeka was slightly non-plussed when Mayuka giggled at Ryoko's name.  
"So you like her too," the purple haired princess sighed.  "Like father like 
daughter," Ayeka mumbled as she picked up the baby.  
	"Come along, let's get you a new bottle.  We can go see Auntie Sasami, 
ok?"  Ayeka said as she carried the little baby into the house.  She walked 
through the glass door and into the kitchen.  Looking around, Ayeka saw that 
here sister was indeed in the middle of making lunch.  From the looks of it, 
Sasami was in the middle of preparing another American dish.  Hamburgers, she 
thought they were called.  Not Ayeka's favorite, since you were supposed to eat 
with your hands, but Kiyone and Mihoshi liked them.  And since Mihoshi should be 
out soon, Ayeka figured her little sister was making a meal that the two 
recovering GP would enjoy.
	Mayuka let out a small cry.  Sasami, alerted to the other occupants in the 
room, turned around.  "Oh, hello Sister; Hello Mayuka.  Do you need something?"
	"Yes, actually Sasami.  Could you prepare a bottle of formula for Mayuka?  
She is still hungry after the first; she is eating more and more every day."
	Sasami nodded and climbed off of the small stool at the kitchen sink.  
Ayeka noticed with a smile that the young, blue-haired princess almost didn't 
need the stool anymore.  <She's growing up so fast,> Ayeka thought as she 
watched Sasami prepare the bottle.  As Ayeka watched her sister, Her thoughts 
drifted over to a conversation the two had just yesterday, after breakfast.

--------------------------

"Sister, why do you keep fighting with Ryoko?" the youngest royal princess asked 
of her older sibling.  "She didn't do anything wrong, but you yelled at her 
anyway.  What's she done to you to make you hate her so?"
"How can I *not* hate someone who's so slothful, wild, boorish, self-confident, 
free...."  Ayeka stopped herself; She didn't like where this list was going.  
Did she really hate her cyan haired rival?  Or did she just hate the rivalry?  
Ayeka was shaken when she realized she didn't really know anymore.
"Ryoko's not that bad sister, you just have to giver her a chance," Sasami 
yelled at her purple haired sister.  Seeing the glower Ayeka gave her, she 
decided to try a different approach.  "Besides Ayeka, Tenchi hasn't chosen 
either of you.  Tenchi would tell you in person if he did something like that, 
you know that."  Ayeka could only nod in agreement.  Ayeka sat in a chair, and 
Sasami climbed in to her sister's lap, her arms around her older sister's neck.
"Ayeka, would you make Ryoko leave if Tenchi picked you?"  The blue haired 
princess asked her sister after they held each other for a few moments.
"I don't know Sasami.  Ryoko wouldn't want to leave, especially with Mayuka and 
Washu here."  Ayeka grimaced a bit, angry with herself for even thinking so 
cruelly.  She knew she had been raised much better than that.  "No, I wouldn't 
make Ryoko leave; I couldn't break us all up just because Tenchi will eventually 
choose me."
Sasami lifted her face from her sister's chest and looked Ayeka in the eyes.  
The first crown princess of Jurai was shocked to see tears there.  "Will... Will 
we have to leave if he picks Ryoko?"  The fear in Sasami's voice made Ayeka's 
heart wrench.
<So this is what she is afraid of most,> Ayeka thought in sudden understanding.  
<If I were to leave then she would have to come with me.>  Ayeka sighed and 
stroked her sister's blue hair.  "No, little Sasami, we won't go since Tenchi 
won't choose that monster woman."  Ayeka smiled down at her sister and continued 
softly, "Even if for some unknown reason he doesn't choose a certain lovely and 
talented First Princess, we still won't leave.  Not until you are grown a bit 
and ready to leave, ok?"  
Sasami's large pink eyes widened in hope, a small smile trying to force its way 
onto her features.  "Do you mean it Ayeka?"  Ayeka just nodded with a soft smile 
on her face.  The smile, before only sneaking onto her face, blossomed into a 
joyous expression as Sasami hugged her sister tighter.  "Thank you Sister!! 	I 
was so worried I'd have to leave my friends and family here.  Thank you *so* 
much!!"  Ayeka just hugged her sister back.
"You welcome Sasami.  I could no more leave my friends and family here than you 
could."
Sasami jumped out of her sister's arms, renewed hope and happiness evident in 
the bounce in her step.  
"Do you need me for anything Ayeka?  If not, then I have to get lunch and dinner 
started."
Ayeka just sighed and walked to the onsen to take a bath.

-------------------------------

"Ok, the bottles done.  Ayeka.  Ayeka, the bottle's done.  Ayeka... *Ayeka*!!"
Ayeka shook her head as she left her recollections, nodding and taking the 
bottle of formula for Mayuka.  Gathering the baby in her arms, the purple haired 
princess walked in the direction of the living room to watch TV.  As she passed 
the stairs, she glanced at the closet door.  <I wonder what they are doing right 
now?>  Ayeka sat on the couch and began feeding the midnight-haired baby.

------------------------

"What do you mean, 'No'!  You just walked out the door a minute ago Tenchi," 
Kiyone yelled in surprise.  She watched as the young man, Tenchi just shrugged 
his shoulders, confusion evident on his face.
Ryoko shook her head and walked over to the door.  Giving it a yank, she was 
shocked that she couldn't rip the door off of the hinges.  "All right, time to 
play hardball," the space pirate said as she formed an orange ball of energy in 
her hand.  She paused before she threw the ball when Ryoko felt a hand on her 
shoulder.  She looked over and it was Tenchi.
"There's got to be another way Ryoko," Tenchi said.  "There isn't a lot of room 
in there, you might hurt victor or the helpless pirates."  
Kiyone walked up and looked at the door's locking mechanism.  <Great,> she 
thought.  <It just has to be an electronic lock...> Kiyone thought for a minute, 
trying to find a solution.  Kiyone's eyes lit up and she grinned when she 
remembered *who* built this place.  She turned to Ryoko.
"Hey Ryoko," Kiyone said.  Ryoko was looking at the door, trying to think of a 
way in.  <Must be unusual for the pirate, trying to think of a way in to a 
prison,> Kiyone thought with a smirk.
"Yeah Kiyone," Ryoko said distractedly, "what?  Got an idea on how to get in?"
Kiyone spoke up, "Actually, I do.  Since Washu built this thing, contact her and 
have her open the lock."  Ryoko just shrugged indifferently.
"Ok," the space pirate said.  Focusing her thoughts, she opened her connection 
to Washu.  
<Washu,> Ryoko said telepathically, <we need some help.>  She felt the mad 
scientist snort in amusement and took that as a cue to continue.  <Victor has 
locked us all out of the lockup.  Can you open the door?>
Ryoko got the sense, through the link, of movement.  <Sorry little Ryoko,> came 
Washu's reply.  <It looks like he used the manual lock, not the electronic one.>  
The cyan haired girl grimaced a bit at both Washu's name for her and the answer 
she had just received.  <I'll talk to you later Ryoko, I'm in the middle of an 
important experiment.>  Ryoko felt the link close after Washu's last comment.  
Forming another energy ball, she turned to Tenchi and Kiyone.
"Looks like he locked the door manually," she said to her fellows.  She turned 
to the door and called out over her shoulder, "Get ready!"
Kiyone and Tenchi put a hand over their eyes as Ryoko threw the energy ball 
directly at the door.  With an echoing boom, the door blew off its hinges and 
flew into the small building.  The three friends walked into a building and 
looked around in shock.
The inside of the room was a wreck, mostly thanks to Ryoko's entrance.  However, 
one of the pirates, the one still at the table, was hurt much worse than the 
others.  The pirate was bruised and bloody, and looked as if he had been struck 
numerous times in the head and chest.  His nose was clearly broken, and it 
looked as if his left cheekbone had been shattered as well.  The three onlookers 
were shocked into speechlessness.  Then Victor stood up and rounded on them.
"What in Duras do ye think yer doing?!?" Victor yelled in rage.  Kiyone noticed, 
with mounting anger, that Victor's right hand was covered in blood.  "I was 
handling evrythin' till ye three barged in.  And now..."
Kiyone stopped him in mid-tirade.  "And now I ought to be booking you for 
cruelty to prisoners, you damned Bounty hunter."  She stomped forward until she 
was within inches of Victor.  "All of you are just the same.  Don't have any 
respect for due process, you all think its fine and dandy to treat prisoners 
however you want..."
Ryoko turned to Tenchi and pulled him out of the room.  "I think we should leave 
them alone," she whispered.  At his nod, she willed both of them to the door of 
Washu's Lab.

--------------------------

The door to the lab opened from within just after Mayuka finished her bottle.  
The first crown princess of Jurai looked up to see Tenchi and Ryoko exiting the 
lab.  Both looked slightly nervous as they occasionally glanced back into the 
darkness.  <Maybe their worried about Kiyone and Mihoshi,> Ayeka thought to 
herself.  Tenchi and Ryoko walked over to where Ayeka was sitting with Mayuka.  
The little girl started giggling when she saw the brown-eyed boy and the cyan 
haired girl, holding her little arms out.  Tenchi smiled as he walked over.
Tenchi picked his daughter up from where she had been sitting.  "How's daddy's 
little girl doing today?"  He smiled when Mayuka giggled and patted his face.  
"Oh, you wanna spend some time with your Daddy, eh?  Ok," Tenchi said in a kind 
tone.  He looked at both Ryoko and Ayeka before adding, "I'm going to spend some 
time with my daughter today, so neither of you needs to watch her."  The young 
man smiled at both of them and left the room.
Remembering her earlier conversation with Sasami, Ayeka decided that now would 
be a good time to clear some things up with her golden-eyed rival
"Ryoko, I'd like a word with you."
Ryoko stopped as she was floating out of the house.  "Can it wait princess?  I 
didn't get enough out of this morning's bath so I am going to the Onsen to 
relax.  If you wanna talk to me, then meet me there in a little bit."  Ryoko 
turned away from the princess and added as she faded away, "but wait at least an 
hour, princess, I want to *relax* for a bit before you come barging in."  
Laughing heartily, Ryoko teleported away.
"Well I never!"  Ayeka exclaimed.  Still grumbling a bit, the purple haired 
princess headed outside to finish the laundry.

----------------------

Meanwhile, an argument had been gaining volume and vehemence in a special area 
of Washu's lab.  In a small replica of a Galaxy Police detention center a Galaxy 
Police officer and bounty hunter have been having an argument about "extracting" 
information from the prisoners.
"Whaddya mean I can't lay a finger on 'em?  How're ye supposed to get any good 
information out of them?!?!"
"You get the information from the proper channels!  You just simply cannot, 
under *any* circumstances, beat the information out of someone!!"  Yelled the 
teal-haired GP Kiyone Makibi.  In her view, the bounty hunter, Victor had 
crossed the line and wasn't any better than the criminals that had just been 
apprehended.
Victor crossed his arms and looked down at the shorter woman.  "Yes, detective, 
I *can*.  I don't have to follow your rules and you know it."  Seeing Kiyone 
about ready to explode, he continued, "This argument is moot anyway; I already 
have all the information I need.  Good day."  And he walked out of the building.
Kiyone was beside her self with rage.  <How dare he say that to a galaxy police 
officer?!>   She looked ready to say something when Kiyone heard Victor's voice 
from outside the building.
"Don't forget to book them *Detective*..." 
Kiyone simply looked at the ceiling and snarled, "I'll get him for this!!!" 

--------------------

After about an hour, Ayeka had finished her chores.  Setting the cleaned and 
folded laundry in the living room to be sorted, the purple haired princess 
looked around.  <I guess now would be as good a time as any to talk to that 
monster woman.  She's probably still in the Onsen, that lazy good for nothing.>  
Ayeka collected both Sasami and her laundry, and then headed upstairs to their 
room.  After setting the laundry down and gathering a towel, she proceeded to 
the Onsen.
Arriving in the Onsen, the princess saw that her quarry was indeed still here.  
Seemingly half asleep in the water, Ryoko was a picture of calm and tranquility.  
Next to her sprawled form were a few bottles of sake, though only one appeared 
to be empty.  Ayeka sighed and got into the water.
"Took you long enough princess," Ryoko said lazily as she opened one golden eye.
Ayeka took a place next to the former space pirate.  She sat in the water for a 
few minutes, thinking on how she wished to broach the subject of her inquiry.  
She looked up to see Ryoko offering her a saucer of sake.  Ayeka took the saucer 
and drank deeply; when the saucer was empty, she reached over and took a bottle 
from the tray near her rival.  <Might as well loosen up a bit,> the princess 
thought to herself.  The two women sat near each other in the spacious Onsen, 
drinking and collecting their thoughts.
--------------------

	Victor left the detention area quickly, lest the green haired detective 
see the smile on his face.  After hearing her howl after him, he let out a bark 
of laughter.  <Just like old times,> he thought to himself.  Looking around, the 
trench coat wearing hunter realized he had no way of getting out of here.
Just as he began reaching for his communicator, Victor felt a sudden lurch.  His 
vision blurred, and when it cleared he was in another part of Washu's lab.  He 
diminutive scientist was sitting on a floating pillow next to two large 
cylinders, one conspicuously empty.  Victor's eyes narrowed when he saw the 
blond detective, Mihoshi, floating in the other tube.  Almost all of her wounds 
were completely gone, save for a small gash in her side.
"Done extracting your information I see," said a nasal voice from right behind 
him.  Spinning quickly, the tall bounty hunter was amazed, and a little 
frightened, to see Washu standing directly behind him.  "So now I want to 
extract some information from *you*," she continued, a wicked grin on her face.  
"For starters, I want to know how you seem to know both of the GP."
Victor glowered down at her.  "That is none of yer damned business."  He let out 
a startled grunt when he felt himself grabbed and pinned to a table by robotic 
arms.
"Tsk Tsk, young pup," Washu scolded.  "You should know better than to insult the 
greatest genius in the universe, especially in her own lab."  Washu gasped when 
all of the robotic arms let go of the bounty hunter.  She noticed that he had 
one of the tentacles in his hand as he got off of the table.
"And you should make sure you know who you're dealing with before trying scare 
tactics, Lady Washu," Victor growled as he stalked toward her.  Washu walked 
away from him, fear rampant on her face.  She watched as he stopped in front of 
the Tank that Mihoshi was in.  The angry bounty hunter glanced inside at the 
wounded officer, and all of his anger fled.  He turned back to the child like 
scientist before him.  "For her sake, and for the sake of everyone here, I wont 
harm ye, Washu, or anyone here for that matter.  Ye have my word."  Washu 
exhaled a breath she did not know she had been holding.
"Just don't try and subdue me again."
Washu walked forward, and as she did so a change came over her.  Suddenly, where 
a 12 year old had stood just moments before, a fully mature, and slightly angry, 
Washu stood staring the one eyed bounty hunter square in the face.  "Okay, then 
answer me this.  How did you get Guardian out of my old lab?"  She watched as 
Victor's jaw clenched.  Waving her hand, her spectral computer appeared near her 
right hand.  Hitting a single key, an amazingly supple tree sprung up behind 
Victor and grappled all of his limbs.  Try as he might, Washu stood there as the 
bounty hunter struggled to get free, with no avail.
"Not so cocky when you are held by organics, are ya?" she asked with a grin, 
reverting to her pint sized body.  "I'll figure out how you got out later.  Now, 
are you going to tell me about your link to the GP and Guardian, or do you want 
me to put you in a neural vice?"  Victor struggled madly for a moment, then 
subsided.  He nodded his head once at Washu, and she took that as a gesture of 
submission.  "Alright then, since we're all friends here," and she hit a button 
on her holotop, setting Victor free.
The tall bounty hunter rubbed his wrist as he glared at Washu.  "I'll tell ye, 
alright," he said in a low growl, "but it goes no further than yerself.  I can't 
let the others know, not just yet."  
Washu nodded.  <This is my chance!  You really are a genius!>  She thought to 
her self with a maniacal grin.  She started typing in to her computer as Victor 
began talking.
"I'll start back at the beginning, when I met Kiyone.  It all happened years ago 
when..."

--------------------

"You sure can pound down the sake Ayeka!"
Ayeka and Ryoko had finished off their sixth bottle of Sake, and were very 
relaxed.  Ayeka, in a sudden fit of sobriety, remembered why she had gone 
seeking Ryoko.  The space pirate spoke first, however.
"Ayeka, I envy you sometimes," the cyan haired woman said, no hint of 
drunkenness in her voice.  "I've seen how relaxed Tenchi is around you, and 
well, I know he doesn't relax like that around me.  I'm actually kinda jealous," 
She continued to the stunned princess, "because there's something about you that 
he doesn't find intimidating or threatening.  There's some days I wish I were 
more like you, you kno..."  Ryoko was cut short by Ayeka's laughter.
The princess looked at her rival with a sneer.  <Jealous of me?  Hardly!>  "You 
know its just you he is intimidated by.  Someone as slothful, arrogant, ill 
mannered, boorish," Ayeka did not notice the tears fall out of her rival's eyes, 
"aggressive, unrepentant, and whorish as you could not possibly compete with 
someone as young, elegant, well mannered, reserved and ..."
**CRACK!**  
Ayeka reeled from the slap she received from the golden-eyed demoness.  She 
could see that Ryoko was shaking with fury, tears streaming down her face.
"How DARE you?!?!  After all the times I've tried to be nice, after I try 
opening up to you," Ayeka looked on in fear as anger radiated in waves off of 
Ryoko, her cyan hair floating like a menacing halo around her head, "and this is 
how you repay me?"
Ayeka gasped at the fury and hurt in her friend's voice.  <Friend?  Since when 
has she been my friend? > 
The purple haired princess thought back to all of the time she had spent here on 
Earth.  Over and over, she remembered all of the time spent in the Onsen with 
Ryoko, drinking far into the night; of the times that Ryoko had come out and 
comforted her by Funaho, and when she had done the same.  
Ayeka realized after a moment that Ryoko had tried again and again to befriend 
her; Only Ayeka's foolish pride, and her desire for Tenchi, had blinded her.  
<Oh no!>  Her mind screamed in horror.  Her arrogance and foolishness may have 
just cost her the closest friend she might ever have.  Ayeka looked up in shame 
at Ryoko, to find the former pirate turning from her.
"The things I try to do for my family."  Ayeka heard Ryoko say in a growl.  Then 
she fairly screamed, "No more!  I am through trying to be your friend, princess.  
From this point, we are the enemies you seem to think we always were."  Ayeka 
acted out of instinct when she saw Ryoko prepare to leave.  The only thing Ayeka 
could know, for certain, was that she could not let Ryoko leave.
Just as she was preparing to leave, Ryoko felt a hand on her arm.  She tugged 
once, but the arm didn't budge.  Then, even through her anger, Ryoko heard what 
Ayeka was saying.
"I'm Sorry."
Ryoko turned to face the purple haired girl, rage apparent on her face.  "Do you 
honestly think that's enough?" she growled at the princess.  When she heard what 
Ayeka said next it shocked her out of her rage.
"Zortomo," Ayeka said in her native tongue.  "Tsunami no Ryoko kendaris 
Zortomo."  Ryoko watched in amazement as Ayeka let go of her arm.  "*Lendiara 
gendris otho Jurai tomon enda kendaris Ryoko*," Ayeka shouted as she knelt on 
the floor in front of Ryoko, her palms face up as her arms stretched past her 
head.
The golden-eyed woman floated there in shock.  Ryoko knew that 'zortomo' meant 
'please forgive me my transgressions', but she had never heard of anyone using 
the term towards an outsider.  <Wait a minute,> she thought.  <'Tsunami no Ryoko 
kendaris Zortomo' means 'Tsunami please forgive my hideous transgressions 
against... me,'> Ryoko translated quickly in her head everything Ayeka had just 
said.  <And 'Lendia...> 
"Oh!"  Ryoko exclaimed.  "Kami Sama Ayeka..."  She muttered softly as she 
floated down to kneel next to the prone form of the princess, the anger drained 
from her completely.
The former space pirate put her hand on the princess's shoulder.  When Ayeka 
looked up, Ryoko saw tears on her face.  <So she meant it then,> Ryoko mused.  
<She actually meant it...>The Cyan haired woman pulled the pink-eyed princess up 
to look her in the eyes.  After staring wordlessly for a moment, Ryoko hugged 
her firmly.  Ayeka hugged back, fresh tears coming out of her eyes.
"You didn't have to do that Ayeka."
"It's the only way you'd listen," Ayeka retorted as she separated from the 
pirate.  She looked Ryoko in the eye and continued, "So what will you do Ryoko?  
I thought you were lying to me just a moment ago when you said you envied me; I 
am truly sorry.  I should have known better."  Ayeka bowed her head.  
Stammering slightly, Ayeka continued in a subdued voice.  "After everything 
that's happened since Startica, I truly thought that Tenchi had already picked 
you," and the pink-eyed young woman heard Ryoko's gasp.  "I think that is why I 
have been quicker to anger with you lately.  And that is wrong.  I should have 
realized, like everyone else has, that we are all family."
"You got that right princess," Ryoko said in a warm tone.  Ayeka looked up and 
shook her head in disapproval.  Ryoko just stuck her tongue out at the princess, 
and then continued, "First things first.  Let me see if I remember the words 
right..."  Ryoko's face scrunched up in thought.  "...Ok."
Ryoko started speaking in a solemn voice, with one hand on Ayeka's shoulder.  
"Lendiara gendris othako Jurai..."The purple haired girl opened her mouth to 
stop the golden eyed beauty, but the space pirate put two fingers over her 
mouth, "enda niparina Ayeka Himesima!"  Ryoko finished the last word in a near 
shout.  
Ayeka bowed her head once more.  "You didn't have to do that, Ryoko."
"Yes I did.  I like royalty about as much as Tenchi and Yosho seem to like it.  
It just doesn't suit me."  Ryoko smiled as Ayeka lifted her head.  "Besides," 
she continued warmly, "it suits you way better."
Ayeka started smiling as well.  "You forgive me then?"  She asked, hope in her 
quivering voice. 
Ryoko didn't say anything for a few moments.  Ayeka felt fear creep into her.  
Maybe Ryoko wasn't as ok with her apology as she appeared.  Then, "Of course."  
Ayeka let out a small gasp as she felt her body begin to relax.  Ryoko didn't 
make a habit of lying if she wasn't trying to keep out of trouble, so the pink-
eyed princess figured she wasn't lying now.
"You know, I am still going to fight you for Tenchi," Ayeka said with a smirk.
Ryoko countered with, "And I am gonna keep picking on you for being a spoiled 
little princess.  What's your point?"
Ayeka walked back over to the pool and filled two saucers with sake.  Sinking 
back down into the pool, she motioned Ryoko to join her.  Smiling, the Cyan 
haired daughter of Washu complied and floated over to a spot next to Ayeka.  
Gliding into the water, she accepted the proffered saucer.  Ayeka held them up 
in a toast.
"To friendship?"  The princess asked timidly.
Ryoko shook her head.  "No.  Not just yet, Ayeka.  Give it a little time and 
we'll see."
Ayeka nodded her head in affirmation.  Raising her saucer again she said, "Then 
to Camaraderie."
Ryoko titled her head to the side, digesting Ayeka's words.  She smiled after a 
moment and brought her saucer up to meet her rival's.  
"Yes, to Camaraderie."
Both drained their respective saucers.  Both smiled and looked at each other.  
Finally Ryoko broke the silence.  
"Well, what now princess?"  She asked of her formerly bitter rival.
"I suppose we just talk about something then?"
They both looked at each other for a moment.  Almost in unison, they broke out 
laughing.  Unlike before, both Ryoko and Ayeka's laughs were genuine and warm.  
The laughter echoed around the Onsen, filling it with the sounds of mirth and 
happiness, where there used to be only sadness and heartbreak.

-------------------

Opening her eyes should not be so difficult.  <Wow, I must really be sleepy.>  
Finally, the last few moments aboard the Yagami flashed through her mind.  
Mihoshi's eyes snapped open and all she saw for a few seconds was green light.  
Slowly her eyes adjusted until she could see she was somewhere in Washu's lab.  
<I wonder why I'm here?  Washu'll be along any minute now to yell at me I 
suppose,> and Mihoshi tried to let out a sigh.  It was then she noticed she had 
been hooked up to some sort of machine.  And that she was floating in some sort 
of liquid.  Glancing around, she saw the red headed scientist talking with 
someone.  When she recognized the taller figure, her reaction was immediate.  
Mihoshi ripped off the apparatus that was on her mouth and started shouting.
"Damon!"  She screamed as she pounded on the glass cylinder.  "Damon it's me!!"  
She immediately started gagging when she got a mouthful of the viscous green 
liquid.
Washu and the bounty hunter turned to look at the cylinder Mihoshi was in as 
soon as an alarm went off.  Washu ran to the monitor and began typing at a small 
pad.  The water immediately cleared.
As soon as the water cleared, Mihoshi felt herself getting drug down a hole that 
had appeared in the bottom of the tank.  She started to scream as she watched 
Washu and the tall figure named 'Damon' move further and further away.  
After Mihoshi had disappeared Washu rounded on Victor.  "I knew you weren't 
telling me something Victor!"  Victor took a step back from the vehemence in the 
green-eyed scientist's voice.  Victor put his hands up, as if in surrender.
"All right.  All right already.  I'll tell you.  If you hadn't been so eager to 
learn about Guardian I would have told ye already."  Victor inwardly sighed when 
Washu took a step back from him and waited expectantly.  "I'll tell ye, but then 
I had better go and talk to her before Kiyone gets to her.  I can't have my 
cover blown, not yet."
Washu just snorted, but she listened as Victor answered the diminutive scientist 
on exactly how he new Kiyone and Mihoshi.  Her eyes widened, and she looked at 
him in surprise.  This was completely unexpected, even by Washu's standards.  
She just stood next to her pillow for a bit in complete shock.
Instead of asking him to clarify she just pointed when he asked where the exit 
was.  <This explains a lot of things,> Washu thought as she sat back down at her 
computer.  <Well, I understand a little better now what's going on.>  She 
shrugged.  <Unless somebody asks, it's not my business so I'll let it drop.>
Checking one of her monitors, she beheld the scene in the Onsen.  <I hope 
Mihoshi doesn't interrupt anything.>

-----------------

Sasami had finally finished with dinner and had decided to go and get Ryoko and 
Ayeka from the Onsen.  <I hope they haven't hurt themselves like last time,> she 
thought sadly.  Then she heard something that made her stop in her tracks.  She 
heard the sounds of laughter.  Not drunken laughter, like she was used to.  No, 
her Sister and Ryoko were laughing *together*, and not at each other.  Sasami 
broke into a huge grin and ran quickly into the Onsen.  When she opened the 
door, she noticed that it DID smell faintly of sake.  However, she also saw 
Ryoko and Ayeka, apparently talking about, well, nothing.  She simply couldn't 
believe it.  <Sister and Ryoko getting along and just talking?>  The blue haired 
princess thought to herself.  <I didn't think it would be possible.>
	Before the blue haired princess could interrupt the space pirate and her 
sister, a blue and blonde streak came shooting out of a hole in the ceiling.  
With a large splash, it was apparent that Mihoshi had recovered sufficiently to 
be unceremoniously released by Washu.  Ryoko and Ayeka stared daggers at the 
blonde; Apparently Washu had a wicked sense of humor since this was the second 
time that both of them had been drenched by a falling Galaxy Police Detective.  
Shrugging their shoulders, both caught the tinkling laughter of the second 
youngest resident of the house.  
	Sasami was rolling on the floor near the doorway, laughing hysterically.  
Looking at each other, both Ayeka and Ryoko started laughing.  Mihoshi shot out 
of the water, startling everyone.  
	"I have to get to...Oh!"  She exclaimed as the blonde detective finally 
registered her surroundings.  "Hi every body!  I'd love to stay and chat, but I 
have to go find Kiyone and tell her the good news."  Mihoshi climbed out of the 
bath and took a towel from the now recovered Sasami.
	Ryoko looked over at the blonde.  "What good news?"  She asked with a 
smile.
	Mihoshi did not turn as she ran out of the Onsen.  Instead she shouted out 
over her shoulder, "That Damon's alive!"  
	"Huh?!?!" all three said in unison.
	Sasami recovered first.  "Oh yeah, I just came to tell you dinner is 
ready, so come quick ok?"
	"Of course, Sasami."
	"You 'betcha kiddo."
	Still smiling, Sasami left to get the others.

------------------

	The door to the lab slammed open.  Tenchi, who had been spending time with 
his daughter, Mayuka, looked up to see the bounty hunter tear through the 
household.  In such a hurry was the large, scarred man that he didn't even stop 
and grab his trench coat and guns from the coat rack.
	"Wonder what's that about?" the young boy, Tenchi, mused aloud.  He looked 
down at his giggling daughter and smiled.  "Whatever it is, it can't be that 
important if Victor is still unarmed, can it Noodles."  He tickled his blue 
haired daughter and laughed as she giggled and squirmed.
	It had been good to spend the last few hours with his daughter.  As Tenchi 
looked down at his blue haired, orange-eyed daughter, he realized how lucky he 
truly was.  Mayuka was a beautiful little baby, and he knew she would grow to be 
a beautiful adult as well.  The young father sighed in contentment.  It had been 
truly calming to walk with his daughter, to see the simple joy she got out of 
just existing.  Some days he longed for that himself.  But Tenchi knew he could 
never give up the life he currently had; all of these people, his family, were 
too important to him.
	Mayuka giggled and grabbed his ear, pulling her brown-eyed father from his 
thoughts.  He gently pulled her hand from his ear and smiled down at her.  
Looking down at his daughter, Tenchi smiled warmly as he realized that, more 
than anything else in his life, he wanted to be a good father for her.  And then 
it hit him.  Who would be Mayuka's mother?  There was no clear-cut answer to 
that.  Tenchi picked up his daughter and headed toward the kitchen.
<I wonder which of the girls would make Mayuka happiest as a mother?> Tenchi 
asked himself as he walked.  Sighing again, He decided to just not think about 
it anymore.  Whatever happened, between him and the girls would not change the 
fact there were six women in his baby's life that filled the role of mother.  
Why should he worry about it?  Chuckling a bit to himself, Tenchi got Mayuka 
into her high chair and sat in sieza, waiting for the others.

-------------------

	Victor shot out of the Masaki residence and made a beeline for the Onsen.  
When he got closer, he noticed someone running directly at him.  Smiling a bit, 
Victor increased his pace.  The two people closed the distance in moments.  
Victor braced himself and held his arms open wide.  The blonde streak that was 
Mihoshi plowed into him, knocking him to the ground as she wrapped her arms 
around his body in a fierce hug.  The two held each other for a moment.  When 
Victor looked down, he could see that Mihoshi was sobbing uncontrollably.  
	"I knew you were Alive, Damon.  I just knew it!" she said excitedly 
through her tears.  "I thought you were dead for so long, but you're here.  
You're really here!"  
	Suddenly she stopped Crying and looked up.  Victor saw an uncharacteristic 
rage fill Mihoshi's eyes.  He managed to get his hands up just in time as the 
blue-eyed girl began punching him, her tears still flowing freely.  He let her 
punch him for a minute, and then gently grabbed her arms.  Mihoshi collapsed 
against him, shuddering with the force of her sobs.
	"How could you let us think you were dead, Damon?" she asked with a sob.  
"Don't you care about either of us at All?"  Victor's heart wrenched as Mihoshi 
continued.  "We've needed you for the longest time.  I've needed you..."
	Mihoshi felt Victor slide a hand under her chin and lift her head.  
Looking her in the eyes, he said in a thick voice.  "Just because you didn't see 
me doesn't mean I wasn't there, *Hermana.*"  Mihoshi saw the pain in his eyes 
and knew he was telling the truth.  "I wanted to be there, but the two of ye 
didn't really need me.  The two of you have each other."  Mihoshi's eyes widened 
and she opened her mouth to protest.  "Don't try and say no, Mihoshi.  I could 
tell what was happening, even if both of you couldn't.  It's for the best, 
really."
	<He knew,> the blonde detective thought.  <Even then he knew, but he 
didn't try and stop it.>  Mihoshi hugged Victor even tighter.  "I'm so glad to 
have you back, Damon."  She looked up suddenly.  "Oh!  We have to tell Kiyone!"  
Victor sighed tiredly and shook his head negatively.  The bounty hunter stood 
up, pulling Mihoshi with him.  "What?" she asked in a confused voice.
	"We can't tell her, Mihoshi."  The blonde detectives blue eyes widened in 
surprise.  "You haven't told her how you feel, have you?"  He asked the girl he 
was holding.  She shook her head and looked down.  "That's why, Little One.  She 
needs to sort her feelings out before she deals with any ghosts from the past."  
Victor smoothed out Mihoshi's damp hair and smiled.  "Now, it's enough that ye 
know the truth but do *not* tell Kiyone, understand?"  Mihoshi sniffled a little 
bit but nodded her head.
	Victor looked down at Mihoshi and smiled.  He bent down and whispered in 
her ear, "Tell her how ye feel.  After that settles, then I'll tell her meself, 
ok?"  The bounty hunter released Mihoshi as he noticed Ayeka, Sasami, and Ryoko 
Walking up the path.  "Now remember, don't tell anyone, ok?"  Mihoshi rubbed her 
eyes and walked over, with Victor, towards the three ladies.  Victor whispered 
over his shoulder, so quiet only Mihoshi could hear.
	"Don't forget, *Mi Piqueno Hermana.*"
	
-------------------

	After everyone had gotten together and headed into the house for dinner, 
only Kiyone was left outside.  She stood looking out at the stars as she leaned 
against the house.  <So there's something between Victor and Mihoshi.>  Kiyone 
kicked at the dirt and frowned.  <So why should I care?  It's not like she's had 
a boyfriend or anything for a long time.>  Kiyone smiled as she looked at the 
stars.  <Then again, I haven't had one since the academy.>  Kiyone frowned.  
<Whatever!  It's not like I'm jealous or anything...>  But Kiyone could not 
shake the thought that she was jealous.  But at whom?  Mihoshi or Victor?  
Kiyone sighed and headed into the house.
	Just as the green haired detective headed into the house, a pinpoint of 
light in the sky seemed to wink into existence.  High overhead, near Earth's 
moon, a large ship settled in the moon's shadow.  The ship appeared to be a 
metal re-creation of a Jurian warship.  It was painted blue and silver.  The 
nameplate read Twilight Vengeance. 
	Inside the ship, a man sat at the center as a crew of mixed aliens went 
about their duties.  He had long blue hair, the color of midnight.  He appeared 
to be dressed in ceremonial armor, but the only thing visible from underneath 
his red cloak was his left arm.  A set of claw like blades extended from the 
back of his gauntleted hand until well past the ends of his fingers.  The man 
grinned and stared with feral green eyes at the blue planet in front of him.
	<So this is where he trapped my men,> the cloaked figure thought.  <I 
should have killed him years ago when I had the chance.>  A smaller screen 
appeared.  Looking at it, the man saw the data on the household and its guests.  
His grin grew wider.  <This is rich.  I can take them away all over again,> the 
blue haired man thought in amusement.  <And I can even retake my lost master's 
favorite treasures.>  The man's eyes narrowed when he saw the data on the men 
there.  The boy!  What foul powers have granted me the opportunity to make my 
revenge this complete?  Tearing his gaze from the data, the armored figure 
returned his gaze to the primary view screen.  He stared at the blue planet for 
a moment, and then began to laugh a cold, maniacal laugh.


......To be Continued

Well, what did you think?  Just so you know, the words that Victor said are 
Spanish.  They may not be spelled right, but that is on purpose.  Try and say it 
out loud, then find a translation.  I didn't want to let the cat out of the bag 
just yet, so hah!  ^_~  as always, any and all comments are appreciated.  One 
more chapter to go, then I can start work on my Next project, Violet Horizons.  
See you on the flip side!

DREZ
