	Hello again!  I guess ye liked my story since you are on chapter two.  I 
will post any and all updates that I have for previous chapters when I upload a 
new chapter, so things will always be changing, just usually in minor ways.  And 
yes, I am still getting help from my proofreader Mayhem.
	As a slight note, this story takes place after the Mihoshi special and 
Manenatsu No Eve (or Daughter of Darkness in the US.).  If you haven't seen 
these two additions to the OAV series, then watch them!!!  They are quite good.

As another note, *....* is italicized; <....> is thinking and/or mental 
communication.
  

Illusions of Life - Illusions of Difficult Bounties

	A mid-sized cruiser, crystalline in structure, shot towards the hills of 
Okayama at too rapid a pace for any conventional radar, even if the radar could 
detect it in the first place.  With very little flourish, the starship that was 
Ryo-Ohki came to a halt above the Masaki Household.  Depositing its four 
occupants in the clearing near the lake, the ship seemed to disappear, only to 
reappear next to its master in its oh-so cuddly cabbit form.

	The lithe, cyan haired beauty that was Ryo-Ohki master glanced around the 
clearing and sighed.  <Well, that's the end of  *that* little bit of excitement 
for the day> Ryoko thought to herself as she looked into the sky.  <I wonder 
when those two blundering GP are gonna get here?>

	Meanwhile, after having been dropped rather unceremoniously onto her rear-
end, the normally very regal, but at this moment very irate, crown-princess of 
the planet Jurai sat grumbling about the state of the universe.  Standing 
quickly, unconsciously straightening her pink and purple kimono with unconscious 
gestures, the princess scanned her dark pink eyes around the clearing searching 
for the source of her current discomfort.   It didn't take long.  Having spotted 
her quarry, Ayeka stalked towards the former space pirate, ready to extract her 
revenge for the undignified landing.

	"Ryoko!!  Couldn't you at least *try* to make sure we *all* land on our 
feet next time?"  Ayeka snarled angrily at the slightly taller cyan haired woman

	"What's the matter little Princess?  I always land on my feet.  It's not 
*my* fault you're a clutz!!" Ryoko answered glibly.  "Besides Ayeka," the former 
space pirate added, a wide grin on her face, "Personally I think you look 
absolutely *charming* in the dirt!"  Ryoko laughed, crossing her arms over her 
chest as she leaned against a conveniently placed tree, seemingly at ease. 

	The normally lovely lavender eyes of the princess quickly darkened, taking 
on a murderously red hue.  "Please, Ryoko," Ayeka sneered, "the only reason you 
land on your feet is because you are more of a feline than an actual human 
being.  Honestly, I cannot believe Lord Tenchi tolerates an inhuman beast such 
as yourself under his roof."

	Ryoko glided from her position against the tree to stand nose to nose with 
the princess.  Her golden eyes promised death to her purple haired nemesis.  
Ayeka returned the look, not flinching in the slightest under the gaze Directed 
at her by the cyan haired girl.  Instead, she was returning Ryoko's glare with 
one of her own, and sparks began to fly from between both women... literally.  
On the other side of the clearing, Tenchi and Washu stood staring at the slowly 
darkening sky.

	"Whaddya mean by that, Princess?!?!  I oughta...."
	
	"You ought to what!?  I have half a mind..."
		
	"Half a mind?  That's more than I woulda thought..."

	Tenchi sighed as he heard the bickering behind him quickly escalate into a 
proper brawl.  He turned slightly to the diminutive red head next to him and 
opened his mouth to speak.

	"So Little Washu, do you think that Mihoshi, Kiyone, and that bounty 
hunter can catch whoever was in that ship?  I'm kinda worried about them, after 
what just happened," Tenchi said as he shifted his gaze from the sky to the lady 
that was typing on a spectral computer next to him.

	"Well Tenchi, I am sure they can catch those criminals.  In fact, I am 
pretty sure that Victor could catch those pirates on his own."  She paused from 
watching the sky for a moment and pulled a large umbrella from a sub-space 
pocket. "At the moment, I am actually more worried about how much damage Mihoshi 
is about to do to your house when she hits the lake... again."  

	When Tenchi gave her a shocked look, Washu pointed out a ball of fire in 
the sky.  A ball of fire that was growing larger and larger by the second as it 
screamed towards the Earth.

	"We might wanna get inside Tenchi," the short scientist remarked.  Seeing 
Tenchi's hesitation as he glanced at the expanding cloud of smoke that marked 
Ayeka and Ryoko's position, Washu sighed and grabbed his arm.  "They'll be fine 
Tenchi, but I don't want to take a bath with you in these conditions!!"  She 
said to him as she dragged him toward the house.

	Tenchi gulped and began to sweat nervously as both Washu and he ran 
headlong for the house.  He spared one glance over his shoulder at the duo of 
brawling girls, and another at the ball of fire hurtling toward them.  He just 
sighed and picked up his pace, running as fast as his legs would take him.

	"I hope the house is alright this time..." Tenchi muttered to himself as 
he ran.

****************************************

	Kiyone froze with dread when she heard Mihoshi say she wanted to help land 
the ship.  Her fears were confirmed momentarily by what her partner said next.  

	"Oops.... I don't think I was supposed to press that one..." 

	Sadly Kiyone didn't have a chance to say anything in retort before 
everything went black.

	That was the last thing that the teal-haired, Detective First Class Kiyone 
Makibi remembered before the spaceship Yagami began hurtling towards the planet 
Earth.  As she finally woke Kiyone could hear the sounds of animals in the 
forest, and the breeze amongst the trees.  She also felt like she had been 
through another week of Basic.  She hurt everywhere.  But if she could be in 
this much pain, then she figured she couldn't be dead yet.  But why wasn't she 
at the bottom of the lake drowning?

	Kiyone's eyes shot open as she sat up abruptly.  She regretted that even 
before she completed the action as her brain attempted to pound its way out of 
her skull.  Not even sparing a glance at her surroundings, she immediately lay 
back down, squeezing her eyes shut against the pain.  A sigh escaped her lips as 
the pain slowly receded.  

	The Galaxy Police detective sensed movement near her, and was about to 
turn her head to look when she felt a small piece of metal press against her 
neck, followed by a slight sting as she was injected with something.  Almost 
immediately, Kiyone felt the pain began to lessen throughout her body.  She 
looked to see who was helping her, expecting to see Washu.  Kiyone was extremely 
surprised to see the cloaked form of the bounty hunter.

	"Easy girl, easy.  You took a couple of bad knocks before I got to ye, so 
just lay there for a minute," the Bounty Hunter, Victor, said as Kiyone 
instinctively went for her blaster.  "Let the meds do their work, and it'll stop 
hurting long enough for yer friends to arrive."  

	He then proceeded to turn from her and walk just out of Kiyone's view. 
Victor pulled out another hypo spray as he leaned down.  She heard the hissing 
sound of it being injected.  A small moan followed the injection, and then some 
mumbling.  Kiyone sighed in resignation when she recognized the voice of her 
partner, Mihoshi.

	<I should have known we'd *both* survive.>  Kiyone thought, her emotions 
an odd mix of amusement, irritation, and relief.  <I'll never be free from that 
ditz.  Oh well.  I hope she isn't hurt too bad.>

	Deciding now would be a good time to size up the bounty hunter Kiyone 
scanned what she could see of her surroundings.  She saw that he was sitting 
against a rock a few feet from her.  Kiyone noted that Victor had taken his 
brown trench coat off and set it folded behind his head, his hat resting on his 
knee.  The bounty hunter sat with his face turned toward the sky, his eyes 
closed and his face calm.  A trio of thin scars ran from over the top of his 
left eye, running underneath the patch covering his right eye, and ending on the 
right side of his lower jaw.  They were old and faded, but clean enough that 
Kiyone doubted that an animal caused them.  

From a distance he appeared to have a tan complexion, but looking carefully, 
Kiyone could see that this was due to the short, tawny fur covering his body.  
Aside from that, he had a curly mass of dark red and black hair pulled back in a 
ponytail.  The bounty hunter's features were angular and fairly leonine, though 
he could pass for human as long as no one looked *too* closely.  

Kiyone absently noticed that he was well built, since she could see his muscles 
underneath the black material of his shirt.  <Hey, this guys not too bad 
looking,> She thought idly to herself.  <Wait a minute, why the hell am I 
thinking about this now?!?!> 

To distract herself from her current train of thought, Kiyone decided to study 
Victor's weaponry.  Strapped under his left arm was a blaster; it was a good 
model but nothing special. The bounty hunter appeared to have some sort of large 
handgun in a holster on his right thigh.  Kiyone let out a small gasp when she 
recognized its design.

	The handgun that Kiyone recognized was memorable for one reason: its 
rarity.  She had only remembered hearing about the gun on his hip, and had only 
seen a picture of one during her academy days.  Kiyone was amazed that this 
bounty hunter actually had a Terra-Blazer ballistic handgun.  For one, there 
weren't that many space faring people that still used a ballistic weapon.  With 
the advent of the laser and pulse weapons, standard ballistic weapons were 
considered obsolete.  Occasionally, such weapons were used to settle honor duels 
and the like, but Kiyone didn't know of anyone that would choose one over an 
energy-based weapon.

	"Ye see something that interests that pretty little head of yours, eh 
detective?" The bounty hunter asked as a smile formed on his face. His eyes were 
still closed and his face continued to look towards the fading light in the sky.  
His voice was deep, throaty, and almost animalistic, yet still remained warm.  
After a few moments without an answer he turned his face to look at her and 
opened his one good eye.  It was a steely gray, and it held curiosity, humor, 
and a hint of something that Kiyone could not immediately identify.

	Kiyone couldn't believe that he had heard her.  The gasp she had let out 
was barely audible to her, and she couldn't believe he had heard it from a good 
fifteen feet away.  Kiyone blushed, turning very red when she realized that the 
bounty hunter had known she was looking him over.  To cover her embarrassment at 
having been caught, she mustered up the courage to ask about the oddity of his 
weaponry.

	"Actually I did Victor," Kiyone finally said.  "Why do you still have that 
ancient slug-thrower?" Seeing Victor shrug, she got even more curios.  "Why not 
trade it in for another blaster, or maybe an anti-matter shotgun?  I mean, isn't 
it totally useless?"

	The bounty hunter's grin got wider.  "Ye'd be surprised.  Thanks to your 
typical blaster, few people bother to wear any form of armor other than their 
clothes nowadays.  And since almost all energy barriers are designed to reflect 
only energy, this little baby does some amazing things." He chuckled a little 
bit to himself.  "Ye wouldn't believe the look on a crook's face when his shield 
goes down after a well placed shot with this thing," Victor said as he drew the 
handgun and twirled it idly with a finger for a moment, before replacing it in 
its holster.

	Kiyone had to smile a bit herself at that.  Picturing a high and mighty 
crime lord wetting himself after his "perfect" defense was lost was, at least to 
her, a thoroughly amusing idea.

	There was a sound of footsteps entering the clearing.  Kiyone saw Victor 
stand and head toward the sounds.  It was a little too far for her to see from 
her position, and she wasn't about to chance lifting her head again just yet.

	"Took ye long enough," the bounty hunter said in a tone that was almost a 
growl.  "Some friends ye are."  Victor looked at the approaching Tenchi, staring 
him right in the eye as he continued.  "Anyway, the dark haired detective, I 
think Kiyone's the name, was not hurt bad as far as I can tell, just some 
massive bruising and a concussion."

	Victor then leaned over the unconscious form of Mihoshi.  The blonde's 
face was caked in drying blood, and her arms were curled over a nasty wound in 
her stomach as she lay on her side.  There were cuts and scrapes over most of 
her visible body, as well as a large gouge in the side of her head.  He watched 
the detective carefully as she was encased in an energy bubble and floated over 
to where Ayeka and Washu were waiting.  Victor looked up at Tenchi, his eyes 
more intense than during the fight in space.

	"Be careful with her."  Victor's voice held a dark, almost dangerous tone 
as he spoke.  "Her skull is cracked really badly, and the wound in her stomach 
looks really deep.  She was breathing fine when I got here, so I think all her 
vitals are ok."  Seeing Tenchi looked worriedly first at Mihoshi, then at 
Kiyone, Victor said, "Don't worry about the other girl, just worry 'bout Miss 
Mihoshi.  I'll get her partner."  

The bounty hunter looked up as Washu approached.  "I gave them both a shot of 
Denistropine, Ma'am.  I hope it's enough."  He got up and headed back over to 
Kiyone while he filled Washu in on what procedures he had done.

	By this point Kiyone had begun to lose consciousness as the injection he 
had given her began to take full effect.  Kiyone was startled when She felt the 
strong arms of the bounty hunter wrap around her and cradle her into his chest.  
She looked up with the last remnants of awareness and stared blearily at 
Victor's face.  For just a moment, he looked just like a face from the past, 
someone she had lost long ago.

	The bounty hunter looked down at her as Kiyone struggled to stay 
conscious.  He smiled softly as her eyes closed.  He bowed his head down nearer 
to hers and whispered, "Just rest Kiyone.  I'm gonna take care of you, like old 
times..." And with that Victor headed toward Tenchi and the rest of the group as 
they took the injured back to the Masaki house and Washu's lab.

	"Damon........." Kiyone mumbled as the she faded from the world around 
her.  

********************************************

	The youngest male in the Masaki household was leaning against the sill of 
his window, a faraway look in his eyes.  The peaceful expanse of the valley, 
with the lake as its centerpiece, spread out before the young man.  If anyone 
had bothered to knock on his door, or had even just walked into his room, Tenchi 
would not have noticed.  The brown-eyed young man was lost in the world of his 
own thoughts, staring out the window at the beautiful countryside, but not 
seeing the panorama laid out before him.

	<What am I going to do?> the young prince thought to himself.  <They both 
deserve an answer.  Ayeka and Ryoko need to know where their lives are going.  
But how in the hell am I supposed to decide?  Which path do I take?>Tenchi 
grunted in discomfort.  <Why am I thinking about this now?>  He chastised 
himself as he remembered that Washu was still tending the injured Detectives.

	Tenchi sighed and reluctantly turned away from the window in his room.  
Still mulling over his current train of thought and running on auto - pilot he 
went to the closet and put on his work clothes.  After donning his familiar 
brown coat, Tenchi headed downstairs, still deep in thought.  So deep in fact, 
he did not notice Ayeka, her hands on her hips and her foot tapping agitatedly, 
standing at the bottom of the steps yelling at Ryoko.

	"You silly twit!!  Can't you do anything right?  All Sasami asked you to 
do was boil the rice, and you can't even get that right!"

	Ryoko's voice echoed from the area of the kitchen.  The sheer volume of 
her voice was enough to shake the walls of the Masaki household.

	"Well, Princess, at least she lets me *attempt* to help with the cooking!"  
Ryoko's voice took on a slightly cockier tone as she continued.  "I wasn't the 
one that nearly poisoned Tenchi last month with my cooking skills now was I, 
hmmmmmm!?!?!?"

	Why, I nev.....oof!!" Ayeka started.  As she opened her mouth to speak, a 
highly distracted Tenchi accidentally knocked her to the ground.  She hit the 
ground with a gasp and a thud.

	After colliding with something at the base of the steps, the dark haired 
young man looked up to see whom he had run into.  Tenchi quickly scanned the 
room and saw the first princess of Jurai lying on the ground.  His eyes widened 
when Tenchi realized just whom it was that he knocked down.  Reacting quickly, 
Tenchi made his way over to Ayeka and made to help her up.

	Ayeka, meanwhile, was just starting to look up in the direction of whoever 
had knocked her so unceremoniously to the ground.  <That had better have not 
have been Ryoko..> She thought to her self as a lightly tanned hand came into 
view.  Following the direction of the arm, her gaze moved up the arm, to the 
shoulder, and finally to the face of an embarrassed Tenchi.  Seeing who it was, 
Ayeka's anger disappeared immediately.  Smiling, she took his hand and allowed 
him to help her up.

	"I'm sorry about that Ayeka," Tenchi said sheepishly after he had helped 
her to her feet.  "I guess I wasn't watching where I was going.  Sorry about 
that."

	"Oh, that's all right Lord Tenchi.  I was just scolding that abominable 
space pirate for ruining the dinner that Sasami had worked so hard at.  Think 
nothing of it," The purple haired princess said with the slightest of smiles as 
she craned her neck upward to look Tenchi in the eye.

	A sultry voice echoed from the kitchen.  "Ohhhhh Teeeenchi!!!"  The owner 
of that name gulped and looked around as sweat began to bead on his brow.  
Seeing his shoes next to the door, Tenchi bolted for them.  

	The panicking young man ran by princess Ayeka so quickly that she spun 
around.  She watched him put his shoes on and make a mad dash for the door, 
mumbling something about the fields and dinner.  Sighing, the first heir of 
Jurai made her way to the family room and made herself comfortable.  Turning on 
the TV, she idly surfed the intergalactic channels in an attempt to resist the 
urge to taunt Ryoko some more.  She stopped suddenly and let out a loud gasp 
when she happened upon the local news broadcast for Japan.

	Ayeka abandoned her usual propriety and shouted at the top of her lungs, 
"Everyone, come quick!!!!"

****************************************


	Normally Ryoko didn't like to be bothered when she was attempting 
something that she wasn't good at.  Especially when that something was cooking.  
Not being able to taste anything was an inconvenience when you were trying to 
make a meal, a least in her opinion.  So when Ayeka yelled for everyone, Ryoko 
was only too happy to vacate the kitchen and see what was going on.

	The unusual stress levels of Ayeka's voice sent a myriad alarms off in the 
great scientist Washu's lab.  Washu, after glancing at her patients, hurried to 
the door to the house to find out what the ruckus was about.

	Sasami, with Mayuka and Ryo-Ohki, hurried from outside to see what her 
sister was yelling about.

	Looking at the screen, Ryoko let out a gasp.  She couldn't believe what 
she was seeing.  The Criminals that they had shot down were currently on a crime 
spree in downtown Tokyo.  There was no rhyme or reason for the crimes that were 
being committed, and the destruction was getting worse.

	Ryoko looked at everyone.  "Ok, what are we going to do?  We can't let 
them do that to the city, can we?"

	"Well what do you propose we do Little Ryoko," Washu commented.  The 
little red head ignored the glare her daughter leveled at her and continued.  
"We can't just waltz in there and bust them up, since it would be a bad idea for 
any of our powers to be used in public.  That mean Ryoko's, Ayeka's, and 
Tenchi's powers are out."  Washu looked solemn when she continued.  "Our best 
bet was Kiyone and Mihoshi, but Mihoshi will be out of it for at least a day, 
and Kiyone isn't much better."

	"Just leave this to me," said a growling voice from the corner of the 
room.  Everyone looked over in shock as Victor walked out from the shadow he was 
apparently hiding in.

	"And why should we leave this to you, Mr. bounty hunter?" Ryoko said 
snidely as she began to grin lopsidedly.

	"Because I can get this done quicker than ye buncho' bickerin' fools, 
that's why," Victor retorted bluntly, no sense of malice in the words.  "None of 
ye know what yer dealin' with, so tis' my job to handle this."  Victor began 
making his way to the door of the Masaki house, checking the action on his 
weapons as he did so.

	Washu was grinning maliciously as she looked in the direction of the 
bounty hunter.  "And just how do you propose to get to Tokyo anyway?  Have you 
even been to Earth before Mr. Duras?"  The red haired scientist's grin got even 
wider as Victor stopped walking and turned to her.  "Looks like you are gonna 
need our help after all, young pup," she said in satisfaction.

	Victor gave Washu a hard stare at the insult she threw at him.  Thinking 
on it though, he realized that she *was* right; Not only did he not know the 
area he did not know the customs or have any local currency.  Sizing up the 
whole group, he turned to Tenchi and Washu.

	"Well then young man, and you lady Washu, would you please accompany me to 
this "Tokyo" to stop these pirates?"  Before Victor even finished the question, 
The self proclaimed greatest genius in the universe was wagging a finger at him.

	"You should know better than to take a doctor from her patients Victor," 
Washu admonished.  "That leaves Tenchi and the girls."  Washu turned to her cyan 
haired daughter and the regal form of princess Ayeka.  "If the two of you go, 
don't you dare use any of you powers.  We can't afford to make our presence any 
more known than it already is."

	Washu stared hard at the two women as she went on.  "That means no flying, 
teleporting, or blowing things up Ryoko dear."  She quickly pointed a finger at 
Ayeka, who was beginning to laugh at Ryoko.  "That means no force fields from 
you, and your guardians stay here, understand?"  Seeing the look she was getting 
from both of the girls she just turned away and began heading for her Lab.  She 
stopped suddenly and turned back to the group.

	"Oh yeah, I almost forgot.  Here Tenchi," Washu said as she threw a small 
gray device at Tenchi.  "This will allow you to track the guys who are busting 
up Tokyo."  Washu crossed her arms and stood there, waiting patiently for 
someone to congratulate her.

	Tenchi began to sweat.  Figuring that he should compliment Washu before 
someone turned into a water sprite, he bowed hurriedly and said, "Thank you 
Little Washu.  You really are the greatest scientific genius in the universe."  
Washu began cackling as she turned to leave.

	As the red-headed scientist opened the door to her lab and entered, her 
voice could be hear saying, "I really *am* a genius."  More high pitched, nasal 
cackling erupted from the entry to the sub space lab as the door closed.  
Everyone looked and each other and began to sweat.  After a moment, everyone 
recovered and the arguing between Ayeka and Ryoko resumed.

	Ayeka turned to Ryoko, a grin on her face.  "How does it feel to have to 
act normal for once, eh Ryoko?  Since I know you couldn't go without your 
powers, it looks like Tenchi and I will be going without you," Ayeka said with 
relish.  Ryoko absorbed the information and looked as if she were preparing a 
suitable retort.

	Meanwhile, Tenchi was taking all of this in and trying to figure out what 
to do.  He knew that if he told Ryoko to stay then it would hurt her immensely, 
and Ayeka would be nearly impossible to deal with for the next few days.  But if 
he told Ayeka to stay, he would hurt the violet haired princess' feelings while 
giving Ryoko something else to tease her about.  He couldn't very well ask them 
both to stay, even if that was the safest course of action.  Sometimes, Tenchi 
reflected with a slight frown, there just weren't any GOOD answers.

	Both of the girls turned to Tenchi, seeking to use him to settle the 
argument when the bounty hunter spoke up.

	"Alright, that's enough," Victor said in a snarl.  "Tenchi and Meself will 
go into Tokyo, nobody else."  When Ayeka and Ryoko both looked at him in 
disbelief, he growled at them, "The two of ye will cause way to much commotion.  
I can handle this on me own, but I need a guide.  Besides, Tenchi shouldn't need 
any bodyguards.  He oughta be able to take care of himself."

	Both of the girls looked worriedly at Tenchi.  Working up a little bit of 
courage, Tenchi said to both of the women, "I think Victor is right.  The more 
of us we take in to Tokyo, the better chance they have of noticing us.  Don't 
worry," he said hurriedly as both Ayeka and Ryoko looked ready to pout, "I won't 
get in on the actual fighting, I'll just get him there.  O.K.?" And both girls 
nodded glumly.

	Tenchi ran to his room and grabbed the Tenchi-ken as Victor told Washu of 
the plan.  When they both met up at the bottom of the stairs, Tenchi and Victor 
nodded at each other and headed out the door.

	Ayeka headed up to her room to be alone while she prayed for Tenchi's 
safety.  When Sasami went into the kitchen to start dinner, Ryoko took Mayuka 
and headed for the lake.  Hopefully taking care of Tenchi's daughter would help 
her stop worrying.  She just had the nagging doubt that something awful was 
going to happen.  Ryoko looked out over the lake and sighed as the setting sun 
set the sky ablaze.

	"Tenchi, be careful....."

*****************************************

	After taking a bus into downtown Tokyo, Tenchi and Victor stood on a 
corner and surveyed the nightlife of the city.  Both sat collecting their 
thoughts.

	Tenchi looked toward the night sky and reflected on his multitude of 
problems.  Hopefully this would be a good way to prove to himself that, though 
he cared for all his houseguests, he didn't need to depend on any of them.

	The scarred bounty hunter, on the other hand, was cursing his own luck.  
<Why now?> he thought to himself.  <Why did I have to find her now?  Now that 
I've found her, there's no way I can leave.  But what excuse do I use to justify 
staying?>  Victor's shoulders sagged with the burden of his thoughts.

	After a few moments of contemplation, Tenchi turned to the taller Victor.  
After looking at the scanner that Washu had given him, Tenchi pointed towards 
the one of the seediest sections of town.  Unfortunately, the area the locater 
was pointing to was considered the "fighting" district, where many illegal 
gladiatorial fights were waged.

	"It looks like they're over here, Victor," the black haired boy said, 
gesturing down a side street and nudging the preoccupied bounty hunter to get 
his attention.

	The taller bounty hunter looked in the direction the boy was pointing.  
Growling a bit, he stalked in the direction of a run down warehouse that stood 
at the end of a darkened alley.  As he walked forward, Victor slipped on a pair 
of black metallic wristbands and placed an earphone and connected mike over his 
right ear.  About fifty meters from the warehouse, he stopped and looked at 
Tenchi, who was following him hesitantly. Sighing, Victor threw the young man a 
similar set of bracers.

	As Tenchi caught the bracers, Victor said, "Put these on young' in.  
This'll help keep ye safe from the higher tech weaponry, iffin ye choose to 
follow me in."  He nodded when he caught the determination in Tenchi's eyes.  
"Good.  Glad to know I have someone watchin' me back."

	As the two of them began walking, side -by- side, towards the warehouse, 
Victor looked over at Tenchi.  The young prince was trying to ignore his 
nervousness that much was apparent to the bounty hunter.   But Victor could see 
the eagerness to prove himself buried within the brown-eyed boy, and had to 
smile a bit.

	<To be that young and idealistic again.> Victor thought to himself with a 
sigh.  <Ah well, it can't be helped.  Looks like I'll just have to keep an eye 
on him and make sure the lad doesn't get carried away.>

	Just then the band on Victor's right arm beeped once.  Victor looked at it 
in surprise, and then replied into the mouthpiece.  "Guardian, what's the 
problem," he said in a whisper.

	A feminine voice came through in his earpiece.  "I have detected an astral 
energy pattern following the two of you Sir.  It appears to be keyed into the 
young boy and not yourself though."  Victor nodded his head once as he scanned 
the area.  After searching for a moment, Victor finally saw the disturbance his 
computer had alerted him to.

	"All right Guardian.  Classify the energy signature as friendly.  Maintain 
radio silence from this point forward.  Victor out."

	The trench coat wearing bounty hunter turned to his ally.  "Well Tenchi, 
are ye ready?"  When Tenchi nodded an affirmative Victor grinned.  "Let's do 
this then."

	Victor drew the large handgun that he kept on his side.  He cracked open 
the loading mechanism and loaded five shells in the revolver styled chambers.  
He looked at Tenchi with a strange look in his eyes.  Tenchi gulped, since he 
knew that look.  It was the look Ryoko had before she went and did something 
reckless.

	"Oh yeah, Tenchi.  One last thing," Victor said with a grin as he aimed 
the gun at the doors to the warehouse.  "Don't get in front of this gun when I 
am about to fire.  And ye *might* wanna cover yer ears........" and with a laugh 
Victor pulled the trigger.

	Nothing happened initially, and then the gun began to hum.  A loud bang, 
louder than the fireworks Tenchi had heard during any carnival, issued from the 
gun as a shell propelled itself toward the door.  

	With a roar straight from the bowels of hell itself, the doors to the 
warehouse exploded in a ball of fire.  There were screams issuing from within 
the building, but Victor ignored them.  Putting the cannon away, he drew his 
smaller pistol and headed within the warehouse.  Tenchi was only behind him by 
about ten yards, igniting the Tenchi-ken as he charged into the wreckage.

***************************************
	Ryoko floated outside the warehouse, intangibly watching the unfolding 
battle.  She wanted so much to go and help her beloved Tenchi, but her fear held 
her back.  Tenchi had asked everyone to stay behind, so she couldn't let him 
know she had followed him.  The Cyan haired girl had been worried for a moment 
when the bounty hunter had looked in her direction, but apparently he had not 
seen her astral form.  

	Ryoko got even more worried when Victor said something about his gun and 
blew the doors of a warehouse away.  She was shocked to see Tenchi hesitate only 
briefly before following Victor into danger.  All of her instincts told her to 
help him, but Ryoko stayed where she was.  Tenchi had asked, so all she could do 
was watch.  Instead of torturing herself by waiting outside the building to see 
what happened, Ryoko let her Astral from fade away as the senses of her real 
body took over again.  

	Ryoko looked around the dock she was sitting at.  The setting sun 
reflected itself off of the lake in front of her, creating a beautiful and 
tranquil scene.  Glancing down, she saw the baby Mayuka still soundly asleep in 
her lap.  Sighing, she rocked the baby and watched the sun set.

***************************************

	Meanwhile, Tenchi was trying his best to not get swamped by the chaos 
inside the burning warehouse.  After running inside, both Tenchi and Victor had 
seen the fire dancing eerily off of the hull of the pirate ship.  Tenchi had 
noted with dread that the turrets on the ship were still operational.  The two 
men jumped for cover when the turrets opened fire.  Tenchi saw Victor pull out 
his larger sidearm and begin returning fire with the turrets.  

	The air was filled with the sound of massive explosions.  The automated 
turrets continued to rain fiery death on the floor and the cargo as Tenchi and 
Victor ran madly about, trying to avoid getting hit.  Victor jumped behind a 
column to dodge a shot from a turret.  Gritting his teeth against the heat and 
sound, he turned from behind the pillar and began firing.  After a few well-
placed shots, the ships turrets exploded with a thunderous boom.

Tenchi ran out from behind the boxes he was hiding only to be met with a barrage 
of laser fire.  It was a good thing that Victor had given him the shield 
bracers, or he would be hard pressed to continue.  The shields deflected the 
blasts from the lasers quite easily, giving the young warrior the time needed to 
get close enough to use the Tenchi-ken.  

	The laser fire was coming from metallic creatures exiting from the bay of 
the ship.  These creatures looked to be vaguely humanoid.  They had glowing red 
eyes as they ran hunched over.  The arms and legs were thin and smooth, built 
more for movement than brute strength.  Instead of a left hand, their arms ended 
in a nasty looking gun.  As the creatures spread out, small groups of them 
headed towards both Tenchi and Victor.

	As Tenchi ran forward, Victor was busy firing away at the robots.  Tenchi 
noted he was a good shot as Victor managed to wipe out about five of the robots 
by the time Tenchi had gotten within striking distance.  Out of the corner of 
his eye, Tenchi saw Victor blasting away as he headed toward the bay of the 
ship.

	Running as fast as his legs would take him, Tenchi Masaki ran headlong 
into the middle of a group of robots.  With laser blasts bouncing harmlessly of 
his shield, Tenchi began hacking into his robotic assailants.  Tenchi ducked as 
one of the robots swung an energy blade at his head.  Seeing an opening, the 
young Masaki sliced his sword upward through the robots arms and kicked his 
assailant to the ground.  Acting quickly, Tenchi sliced through the chest of the 
robot and watched its eyes go dim.  Turning at the exactly right moment, Tenchi 
brought his sword up and sliced a robot in half as it attempted to claw at him.  
Getting his bearing, Tenchi saw that Victor had blasted his way to the ship, and 
that only the three robots near him were still standing.  Tenchi took a deep 
breath and concentrated on the foes before him.

	The young prince dashed towards the remaining robotic assailants, 
determined to finish them quickly.  After dispatching the last robot, Tenchi 
scanned the battlefield.  He saw Victor fighting some pirates at the entrance of 
the ship and headed in that direction 

	Victor had abandoned the use of his pistol in favor of a pair of small 
energy blades, about half the length of Tenchi-ken's blade.  The embattled 
bounty hunter was not faring well in close combat.  He was grim of countenance 
as he danced with three pirates in a swift and deadly waltz.

	Tenchi extinguished the Tenchi-Ken and picked up a thin pipe.  <Why kill 
these people if I don't have to?> Tenchi thought to himself.  He ran up behind a 
pirate as the criminal was about to stab into Victor with a fairly large dagger.  
Swinging swiftly, and surely, Tenchi slammed his pipe into the back of the 
pirate, knocking him out cold.

	One of the other pirates saw Tenchi's actions and turned on the young man.  
"Oh, so you wanna play too?  I'm gonna carve you up little man."  The pirate 
advanced on Tenchi with an energy blade in his hand.

	Tenchi kept the pipe in his hands even as the pirate advanced.  When he 
saw his target raise the energy sword overhead, Tenchi struck.  With quickness 
and precision Tenchi slammed the pipe into the pirates face, knocking the man to 
the ground, senseless.

	Victor saw this and began grinning.  <hrmph.> he thought to himself.  <The 
kid is good.  Time to end this.>  Victor blocked his attacker's blade with the 
sword in his right hand.  With his left hand he decked the pirate, sending his 
hapless victim sailing into a nearby wall.  The thug slammed into a wall with a 
sickening thud.  He grabbed the shirt of his the pirate and lifted him easily 
off of the ground.

	"Alright, punk.  Where's the rest of your gang?" Victor asked the man.  
When the man began to stammer, he shook him violently.  "Just tell me what I 
want to know and you'll only get time.  Don't, and you won't ever walk again, 
got it?"  Seeing the frightened look on the man's face, Tenchi felt sorry for 
the criminal.  "Now where is the rest of your gang?"

	The man finally gave all the information to Victor, and the bounty hunter 
dropped him.  After victor dropped the man, he turned to Tenchi. 

 "Thanks fer the save, lad.  Iffin ye hadn't helped, I prolly would hove bought 
the farm," Victor said as he winced a bit as he grabbed his side.  Tenchi could 
see that Victor was bleeding from at least three different cuts, and the one on 
his side was very deep.  "I prolly coulda taken them without yer help, but I am 
glad I had it."

	Tenchi only nodded as he tore a large portion of his shirt into bandages.  
He proceeded to bind the wound on Victor's side as best he could.  After 
stemming the flow of blood, at least in part, Tenchi stepped away.  

	"It's the best I can do Victor" Tenchi said with regret in his voice.  "I 
can't do more without a first aid kit."

"It'll have to do kid," Victor said with a sigh.  He grimaced a bit a bit as he 
hit a button on his wrist brace and spoke into his headpiece.  "Guardian, here 
are the coordinates for the pirates and their gear.  Wait for my signal, and 
transport the items to where I say, got it?"

	Victor punched another set of buttons on his arm and spoke again.  "Washu.  
Come in Washu.  I have the coordinates that I needed, but I need a place to send 
the crew and the ship.  Over."  After listening for a moment, Victor grinned.  
"That'll be fine Wash...err, Little Washu.  Thank ye again."  Victor set down 
his arm and sighed.

	Tenchi just sat on the floor, looking at the damage done.  He looked up at 
Victor and said, "Can we go now?  I bet everyone is getting worried.  Besides, I 
don't know how we are gonna answer for this."  He shook his head as he stood 
next to Victor.

	"Don't worry, lad.  We are leaving right now.  Guardian, body slip by two 
to the Masaki Residence," he said into his mouthpiece.  He looked at Tenchi and 
grinned.

	Tenchi only had a moment to think before he saw nothing but blue light and 
vanished into thin air.


...To Be Continued



