Welcome again!  Looks like some of you actually do like my work!^_^!  Anyway, I 
don't own the Tenchi Universe or the OAV rights; just the DVD's themselves.  
Pioneer/AIC owns all things Copy write to Tenchi (Except Victor and this actual 
story, but hey.)  There has been a MASSIVE re-write of chapter 2, so go and read 
it before you go any further.  Enjoy; and while the chapter is NOT done, at 
least from where I stand, Feedback is essential for me to continue.  On with the 
Fic!
-DREZ

Illusions of Life - Chapter the third: Illusions of Simple Choices

	The clang and hum of machinery mixed with the sounds of animals both large 
and small, filling the air with an alien symphony.  In the midst of this chaos, 
a small, carefully tended, garden bloomed.  The garden was filled with beautiful 
flowers and plants of every description, and had a small stream running down its 
center.  Sitting near the edge of this picturesque piece of landscape, a small 
figure was perched on a large pillow that hung in the air with no visible means 
of support.  Her most notable attribute was the absolutely massive mane of 
pinkish-red hair that hung almost to the floor.  The girl, by all appearances 
only about 13 years of age, was dressed in a black, short-sleeved shirt and a 
pair of khaki shorts.  The diminutive figure was typing away at an ethereal 
computer that floated in the air in front of her.

	 Washu sighed as she typed on her holo-computer.  <Well, now that I've 
secured Kiyone and Mihoshi in the regenerative vats, it should only be about 
three hours till they should be ready to go.> she thought to herself with a 
yawn.  <Now where was I?  Oh yeah, I nearly have those anti-matter volleyballs 
ready!>  "This is gonna be great!!!" the diminutive scientist cackled.  
	
	Suddenly an insistent beeping started emanating from her holo-top, 
indicating that she was being sent a secure transmission on one of her private 
frequencies.  Looking at her computer in surprise, Washu rapidly typed in a few 
commands.  Within moments, she had traced the message back to its source and 
determined who was sending her the message.  The diminutive scientist blinked in 
surprise when at the name displayed on her holotop's screen.  <Guardian?  I 
didn't think that computer ever got finished.> Washu mused.  <I don't get it... 
only someone with my genetic code could have gained access to my lab at the 
Science Academy.  So what is it doing out?>  She shook her head in disbelief.  
The computer beeped again, forcing Washu to stop her speculations, at least for 
the moment.  <Better find out what this is about.>

	The red headed scientist pressed a key on her holotop and a rough voice 
blared from a nearby speaker.  "Washu.  Come in Washu."  She was a bit surprised 
to hear the voice of the bounty hunter, Victor.  "I have the coordinates that I 
needed, but I need a place to send the crew and the ship.  Over."  Washu smiled 
a bit.

	<Well, well, well.  Looks like I might be able to find out about Guardian 
the easy way after all.>  Grinning from ear to ear, Washu opened a channel and 
responded to Victor's communication.  "All right, I copy that," she said in a 
good imitation of an air-traffic controller.  "Relay them to coordinates X5673, 
Y89032, Z74219. I'll rig a hanger fro you ship, and a cellblock up for them."  
Before Washu ended the transmission, she added, "One more thing, young pup.  You 
have to call me Little Washu!!"

	 Washu could almost see the bounty hunter's grin.  "That'll be fine 
Wash...err, Little Washu.  Thank ye again."

	The little scientist that could began typing furiously at her holo-top, 
the chant "I think I can, I think I can" running through her mind like a mantra.  
<Better get this ready.  Looks like today will be more fun than I thought it'd 
be!!>  With a few delicate keystrokes, Washu materialized a fully functioning 
copy of a standard issue Galaxy Police detainment facility in an empty section 
of her lab.  "Washu, you *are* such a genius!!" She cackled madly to herself.

********************

	A pale-blue haze slowly lifted from in front of a shocked young man's 
eyes.  As his vision returned, Tenchi Masaki, caretaker-in-training of the 
Masaki shrine, noticed a small, squat building and a landing dock appear before 
him... and nothing else.  Looking around hurriedly, he was a little disturbed to 
find nothing but a black, swirling, inky darkness.  

	Tenchi nearly jumped from his skin when he felt a large hand settle on his 
shoulder.

	"Aaugh!!" the young prince screamed as he spun around, immediately 
breathing a sigh of relief upon seeing the grinning bounty hunter standing 
behind him.  Victor started to chuckle as he brought his hand back down to his 
side.

	Well, me boy, yer reflexes haven't dulled much," Victor said as he 
chuckled. Motioning to the building, he began walking in its direction.  "Come 
on lad, time to play good cop, bad cop."  Victor looked over at Tenchi as the 
young boy began following him.  "Guess who gets to be the good cop, eh?"

	"Let me guess," Tenchi replied with a smirk, "I get the honors?"

	"Oooh, the boy does have a sense of humor.  There's hope for him yet!"

	Tenchi looked at the bigger man and grinned.  He began thinking about the 
briefing Victor had given him on the way into Tokyo.  Victor had told him what 
sort of armaments the pirates had, as well as a little bit about their tactics.  
Thinking about it, Tenchi was a little bit curious as to exactly why this man 
knew so much about his 'prey', as Victor called it.  

	"Victor," Tenchi called out as the two walked towards the building, "Why 
did you know so much about the pirates?  I know it's your job, but you seemed, 
well, a little too well prepared."  Victor stopped abruptly, nearly making 
Tenchi run right into his back.

	The bounty hunter turned to Tenchi, his eyes cloudy, and his expression 
unreadable.  Tenchi swallowed hard at the set of Victor's face, but stood there 
unmoving under the scrutiny.  Finally, after the silence seemed to envelope and 
smother the duo, Victor spoke.

	"Do ye really want to know why I know so much about them, Tenchi?" the 
grizzled veteran asked.  Tenchi swallowed again and nodded.  "Fine, I'll tell 
ye.  These pirates stole something. Something that is more valuable to me than 
anything else in this life.  And I want it back.  I will have it back."  Victor 
said in a low growl, with the first real hint of emotion in his voice.  He 
looked away and began walking toward the building again.

	Trying to recover from his shock, Tenchi hurried after the bounty hunter 
and fell in step alongside him.  <So this is a personal vendetta.>  Tenchi 
thought.  <Well, maybe we can all help him with this.  He seems nice enough 
anyway.>  Tenchi stopped his train of thought when he two of them reached the 
small gray building.  Taking a deep breath to compose him, Tenchi followed 
Victor into the room to begin the unpleasant act of interrogation.

*********************

	Warm, comfortable.  Kiyone felt both as her consciousness returned from 
the dreamless void the Denistropine had sent her.  As her sense of touch slowly 
returned to her, she also noticed tell-tale prick of an IV in her arm, a mask of 
some sort secured over her mouth and nose, and about a dozen other things she 
didn't recognized attached to various parts of her body.  And then it hit her, 
she was completely submerged in something a little too thick to be water; and 
she was completely naked.

	Kiyone's blue eyes shot open in a panic, her arms moving to cover herself 
on reflex.  For a moment all she could see in front of her was a diffuse green 
glow.  When her eyes had had a few seconds to adjust she realized that what she 
was seeing was merely the cloudy liquid she was suspended in.  Leaning forward a 
bit, she realized she could see beyond the glass of the tube she was in, even if 
everything was fairly blurry.  Squinting her eyes, the green haired detective 
could see someone in a lab coat walking around and checking readings.  She could 
also just make out a massive ponytail of long, pinkish-red hair.  Kiyone let 
herself relax when she realized she was in Washu's lab.  Deciding to get the 
scientists attention, she moved her arm through the green liquid and tapped on 
the glass.

	Kiyone watched as Washu's head snapped around immediately at the sound of 
tapping glass.  The diminutive scientist smiled and strolled nonchalantly over 
to the tube Kiyone was floating in.  Checking the readouts, Washu nodded her 
head once, satisfied, and looked up to make eye contact with her blue-eyed 
patient.

	"Well Kiyone, looks like you heal faster than I thought you would," Washu 
said, waving her hand over an empty patch of air.  Her spectral computer winked 
into existence at the gesture, and she began typing.  "The nano-probes worked 
better than I expected.  Good, maybe you can help Tenchi and Victor out with 
their interrogations."  Washu continued typing, and soon the liquid in the tank 
cleared until it was as clear and as thin as regular water.  "Alright, out you 
go," and with that, Washu hit a single key on her holotop. 

	Kiyone gasped as all of the cables and tubes connected to her to 
disappeared in an instant.  She looked down as the bottom of the tank opened up 
and all of the liquid rushed out.  Kiyone closed her eyes and began to pray as 
she was sucked down along with the water... and splashed down an instant later.  
Opening her eyes and taking a deep breath, Kiyone was shocked to find herself in 
the floating Onsen.  She wasn't nearly as shocked as the occupants, though.

	Ryoko, Ayeka, and Mayuka were sitting in a group only a few feet from the 
newest visitor to the Onsen.  Mayuka was crying in Ryoko's arms as both of the 
now soaked young women stared daggers at Kiyone.  Mustering up what little pride 
and self-esteem she had left, Kiyone smiled at them.

	"Uh, hey girls.  What's up," she said timidly while trying to maintain a 
smile.  Hearing a familiar voice, Mayuka stopped crying.

	Ryoko just looked at Kiyone and sighed.  "I take it 'Mom' let you out of 
the tube then?"  She said to Kiyone.  Ayeka just humphed, muttering something 
about insane geniuses and their twisted senses of humor, and went back to 
bathing.

	"Looks that way."  Kiyone replied with a sigh.  "She also said that Tenchi 
and the bounty hunter are questioning the pirates that got caught."

	"Yep.  Haven't seen either of them since they went to Tokyo," Ryoko sad 
amicably as she washed Mayuka.  "I think they're somewhere in Washu's lab.  I 
was gonna go over there after my bath."  Ryoko tickled the baby and got a giggle 
in return.  She looked back up at Kiyone.  "Wanna come with me?"

	Kiyone, meanwhile, had been watching the way that Ryoko had been tending 
to Mayuka.  <She really *is* turning out to be the best at raising Mayuka.> 
Kiyone thought to herself, a warm smile on her face.  <I am so happy for her.>  

After hearing Ryoko's last question, she smiled a bit more and said, "Sure, 
Ryoko.  I want to actually see the creeps that messed with my ship."  

Relaxing into the warm water, Kiyone let her gaze travel over her surroundings, 
taking everything in.  It looked as though it were early morning, so Kiyone 
figured she couldn't have been out for more than 10 or 12 hours total.  After 
completing her perusal of the surroundings, she noted that a few people were 
missing.

"Where's Sasami, Ayeka?" Kiyone asked, mildly curious.

	The Amethyst haired princess looked over at Kiyone as she bathed.  "I 
believe that she is making breakfast for everyone Kiyone.  She was worried about 
you and Mihoshi.  She will be happy you asked about her." Ayeka replied, 
flashing her a smile.

	Kiyone paled visibly at what Ayeka said.  Her hand flew to her mouth.  "Oh 
Kami Sama!!  What happened to Mihoshi?" 

Ayeka and Ryoko looked at each other, both of them perplexed at the change that 
had come over Kiyone.  Both were even more surprised when Kiyone jumped out of 
the water, grabbed a towel, and ran out of the Onsen almost at a sprint.

Ryoko just shrugged her shoulders as Ayeka shook her head.  "What's with her?"

	"I really haven't the slightest idea," Ayeka replied to the cyan haired 
girl.  "She is normally the most level headed girl out of all of us...."

***********************

	Detective First class Kiyone burst into the room that Mihoshi and she 
shared at a run.  Frantically stumbling through the disorganized mess that was 
Mihoshi's part of the room, she practically dove headlong into her closet, 
dressing as fast as she could.  In less than a minute, Kiyone had thrown on a 
white shirt with a mid length black and red checkered dress.  Running her hands 
through her damp hair in an attempt to restore it to some semblance of order, 
the blue-eyed detective dashed out of her room and down the stairs, headed for 
Washu's lab.

Stopping her mad rush at the door to the broom closet, Kiyone took a few deep 
breaths to calm her nerves and knocked on the door before opening it.  Seeing 
nothing but a dark void in front of her, she took a deep breath and stepped into 
Washu's laboratory.

	Kiyone walked through the garden that usually appeared at the entrance to 
the pink haired scientist's lab.  Looking around, she saw a crude sign that said 
"Medical Wing" taped above a small archway on the right-hand side of the garden.  
Sighing a bit, Kiyone walked through it, her body language displaying her 
nervousness for all to see despite her best efforts to control it.

	The sight that greeted her was one Kiyone would not soon forget.  Washu 
was standing beside a tall cylinder filled with a glowing green liquid, checking 
various gauges and displays set into a small panel on the tube.  She was wearing 
a white lab coat over he usual attire, and was checking the readouts on a screen 
next to the tube.  Kiyone, however, was not looking at Washu.  She was staring 
at the tube, or more accurately, what was inside of it.

	Floating in the cylinder was the still form of Mihoshi.  The blonde 
detective looked mostly whole except for the large gash in her stomach.  Even as 
Kiyone watched, small machines were busy passing some form of energy over the 
wound.  The liquid was solidifying after each pass of the beams, slowly 
replicating the missing flesh, bone, and blood.  A tear trickled down Kiyone's 
face as she watched her partner ever so slowly returned to the land of the 
living.

	Acting mostly on instinct, Kiyone began stumbling toward the cylinder as 
if in a stupor.  Washu glanced up when Kiyone neared.  After seeing the look on 
Kiyone's face, the diminutive scientist respectfully backed away from the 
cylinder that held Mihoshi's unconscious form, giving the teal-haired detective 
a little privacy.  Kiyone reached out her hand, and placed it as near to 
Mihoshi's face as she could.  Tears she couldn't explain rolled down her cheeks 
as she gazed at her partner.

	Washu took all of this in and hmmmmm'd in thought.  Sighing a bit, she 
shook her head and walked over to Kiyone.  Placing a hand on the jade haired 
detective's should she gently guided Kiyone away from the cylinder and to a 
small lounge that Kiyone KNEW hadn't been there when she'd walked in.  After 
seating Kiyone and pouring her a cup of tea, Washu sat down on the seat across 
from her.  After gathering her thoughts for a moment, the green-eyed scientist 
began to speak.

	"Don't worry Kiyone, it's better than it looks," Washu said to the quietly 
crying detective.  "Her injuries were pretty bad, but I have my Regeneration 
cylinder working non-stop to heal her.  She'll be fine."  Washu continued to 
console Kiyone, even as she wondered at the reaction from the blue-eyed young 
woman.

	<This can't be a normal reaction.  With the way those two bicker, she 
shouldn't be this broken up.  I'll have to look into this.>  Washu mused, 
collecting her thoughts as Kiyone made to stand up.

	When Washu put a restraining hand on Kiyone's arm, the detective looked 
right at the smaller woman.  Kiyone could almost see Washu shudder as their eyes 
met.  "Where are they holding the pirates, Little Washu?  Ryoko said she'd be 
going there, and I intend to be there for this."  Kiyone pulled her arm away and 
stood with her arms crossed over her chest.  "Now where are the pirates?"  She 
growled menacingly.

	At just that moment, the air shimmered next to Washu and Ryoko phased into 
view.

	"What's up, Washu?"  Ryoko queried as she surveyed the surroundings.  
"What's got you so nervou......Oh!"  She exclaimed when she turned met Kiyone's 
hardened stare.

	"Shall we go pay a visit to the pirates now Ryoko?"  Kiyone asked, her 
voice icy.

	Ryoko looked over at her mother and saw Washu nod her head slightly.  
"Well, I guess, if you really want to..."


	"Yes I do."

	Ryoko looked from Kiyone to Washu, and then to the cylinder holding 
Mihoshi, before returning her gaze to meet Kiyone's.  Shrugging her shoulders a 
bit she put a hand on the teal-haired girls shoulder.

	"You ready?" Ryoko asked.  Seeing a nod from Kiyone, she waved at Washu.  
"See ya later...."  And with her last words echoing in the cavernous room, the 
two women faded from sight.

	Washu looked over at the Cylinder that held Mihoshi and sighed.  

	"I really wouldn't want to be in the pirates shoes right now," She 
muttered to herself.  With a shrug of her shoulders Washu waved a hand and 
brought her holotop into existence.  "Might as well add this new data into the 
system. Maybe then I can figure out what is going on with Kiyone."

**********************************

	In a squat gray building in some dimensional fold of Washu's lab, three 
humanoids sat bound to chairs.  Across from the pirates, who sat fuming in the 
bleak room, Tenchi and Victor stood fixing them with hard glares.  Tenchi sighed 
in resignation as he looked in the direction of the Pirates.

	"We aren't going to get anywhere with them, Victor," Tenchi whispered in 
defeat.  "I'm just not good enough at this 'Good cop, Bad cop,' stuff to be any 
real help.  Maybe we should go and get some of the others; I'm sure Washu or 
Ryoko would be able to help."

	Victor crossed his arms in response.  "Yeah Tenchi, why don't you go and 
get Ryoko." Tenchi nodded in the bounty hunter's direction and headed out of the 
building.

	Tenchi shut the door behind him as he exited the building.  Looking 
around, he was only slightly surprised when Ryoko and Kiyone phase into view a 
few feet in front of him.

	"Oh!"  Ryoko exclaimed.  "Tenchi!  How'd you know we'd be here?"

	Tenchi just shrugged his shoulders as he looked at the Cyan-haired girl.  
Looking at Kiyone, Tenchi inadvertently shuddered at her hard and empty stare.

	The young, teal haired woman walked past Tenchi with barely a nod to 
acknowledge his presence and grabbed the handle of the door.  The door didn't so 
much as budge, no matter how hard Kiyone pulled on it.

	"Tenchi, did you lock the door?"  Ryoko asked in an uncertain voice.

	"Ummm......No."

****************

As Tenchi walked out the door, Victor began grinning.  <About damn time.> He 
thought to himself.  <Now I can find out what I want, MY way.>  Moving quickly 
to the door, Victor turned the latch, the 'click' of the lock practically 
echoing in the cramped room.  He turned to the three pirates, a cruel smile on 
his face.

	"I tried to be nice.  Now you *will* talk...."


...To Be Continued
