Disclaimer - I don't own Tenchi or any Tenchi characters.
However Mallin, his ship and his crew are my own characters created
for the purposes of this story.

The Importance of Learning

1. A Lesson in Housemates

Tenchi sat at the desk, staring straight through the book in front of
him. He thought of adventure, fighting, laughing with his friends. He
failed to notice his grandfather Yosho pick up the broom that was
sitting in the corner. However, he did notice when Yosho cracked the
end of it off of his head.

"Ow, Grandpa..."

"Tenchi, get back to your studies. After that you have the day to
yourself." said Yosho sternly. Tenchi was almost grateful for the
broom. At least this time his grandfather hadn't done his fifteen
minute speech about the importance of a good education. Yosho
oversaw all of Tenchi's education which took in martial arts
training, history and writing. Thirty minutes and he would be allowed
to leave. No doubt Ryoko would be waiting just outside for him.
Yosho forbade anyone else around Tenchi when he should be
studying, and even Ryoko never disobeyed Yosho.

"Tenchi, oh Tenchi!"

Except today it seemed. Ryoko came right through the wall even
though the door was just as handy. Yosho stood in front of her, arms
folded, scowl on his face.

"Oh, come on Yosho. Don't be mean. Just let Tenchi out a
little early, one day, please, please, please. We just can't bear to
be separated anymore." said Ryoko. Yosho sighed, decided it
wasn't worth the hassle.

"Okay Tenchi you may leave."

"Yay!" cried Ryoko, who then grabbed Tenchi's arm and
dragged him out of the shrine.

"But I expect you to stay late tomorrow!" shouted Yosho after
Tenchi.

Tenchi already knew where Ryoko was dragging him to. She took him
there every chance she got. It was their own private spot. None of
the others went there. Ryoko ran faster and faster and faster,
giggling like a schoolgirl while Tenchi yelled for her to stop. As they
approached the cliff edge she did stop, looked at Tenchi, smiled at
him, then sat at the edge.

"C'mon Tenchi. Sit down next to me."

Tenchi had never been able to understand how someone who had
been all over the universe loved sitting here looking at the world
below. Still, it didn't bother him. They would sit here like this for
hours some days. Sometimes they would talk non-stop. Sometimes
they would never say a word to each other. Whatever they did, this
was their place. Even Ayeka could not prevent the two of them
spending time here. Ryoko reached out to hold Tenchi's hand.
Tenchi got embarrassed for a second, then relaxed. It's so
peaceful here, he thought to himself. The house was so noisy and
crowded these days. He loved them all, he really did but they could
be... well... difficult to deal with sometimes.

BANG! Sasami jumped high into the air and barely managed to land on
her feet. The explosion had come from the basement. Most of them
did. Washu lived down there and although she was the universe's
greatest genius scientist her experiments were still a tad...
unreliable. Sasami looked around, embarrassed at her display of
fright. The only other person in the kitchen with her was Kagato,
who sat drinking tea at the table. He hadn't even blinked during
the explosion.

"No need to be embarrassed child." said Kagato.

"I wasn't," Sasami lied. She turned her back on him and got
back to washing the dishes. Kagato hadn't offered to help. Like
everyone else around here he wasn't one for doing chores. Only
Sasami and Tenchi did their fare share of work. Sasami turned around
but Kagato had disappeared. He had frightened her at first. He
always seemed so cold, unloving, uncaring. However, Tenchi had
somehow seen some good in him. Even after Kagato had tried to kill
Tenchi and his grandfather, Tenchi had spared his life, let him into
their home and even was nice to him. She wasn't afraid of him
anymore. In fact he was less trouble than most people in the Masaki
household. He usually kept to himself and at least, unlike most people
here, he wasn't in love with Tenchi...

Kagato stood outside Tenchi's house, leaning against the wall,
lost in thought. It had been three months since the fight with Tenchi
and Yosho. His arrogance had been his downfall. He had sensed the
boy's power too late. His focus had been on Yosho. Tenchi
somehow activated The Sword of Jurai. Kagato dodged left, right,
pulled back but he never recovered. Tenchi fired bolt after bolt of
energy from the sword and Kagato was overpowered. He fell to the
ground, waited for the end... which never came. Tenchi reached out
his hand...

"I don't want to fight you..."

At first he had stayed only to observe the boy, find the source of his
power and exploit his weaknesses. Yet over time he forgot about
this. He found he liked the people around him. Training and talking
about the past with Yosho, watching Mihoshi and Kiyonne argue,
watching out for Sasami, observing the love triangle between Ayeka,
Ryoko and Tenchi... and... and Washu. He pushed up his glasses and
smiled at his foolishness. The smile faded quickly. He had tried to
ignore it, but time was running out. He'd been living in a dream
and reality was on it's way. His master was coming. Mallin,
master swordsman, magician and tactician was coming to Earth.
Tenchi, I hope you're ready. Don't trust me...

"So where were you two all afternoon?" crowed Ayeka while
glaring at Ryoko.

"Are you jealous princess? Well, I guess you should be. Tenchi
and I spent a wonderful afternoon together while I bet you sat alone,
unloved, unwanted, growing older..." said Ryoko.

"How dare you..."

"Hey, has anyone seen Kagato?" asked Tenchi, trying to ignore
them.

"I haven't seen him for a few hours." said Sasami.

"He's late for dinner." said Tenchi.

"Who cares about that guy? Let's eat already." moaned
Ryoko.

"I agree. He can take care of himself Tenchi. I have important
work to do. It won't wait forever." chipped in Washu. Tenchi
sighed, knowing that it probably would wait forever, but that six
hungry girls would not. He served up dinner, which everyone
immediately tore into.

Mallin drew closer to Earth. He stood on the bridge of his ship, Kaiser,
surrounded by his crew. Without warning one of them drew a sword
and tried to stick it in Mallin's back. In a second, Mallin drew his
sword from it's hilt, knocked the sword out of the crewman's
hand, retrieved a laser gun from it's holster and shot him in the
head. The body fell to the floor.

"Well that wasn't very good." said Mallin calmly. His
lieutenant signalled for the body to be removed.

"No one in the universe could do better against you sir."

"Hmm. Well keep trying. Maybe one day you'll find someone
who can make me work for it. How long to our arrival?"

"Just a few days sir."

"Ah, Yosho, maybe you can put up a decent fight."

"He did beat Kagato sir."

"Yeeees... I look forward to meeting him in person at last. Ha ha
ha."

Kagato arrived back home later that night. He went to the door that
led to the basement. There was no point in knocking. He doubted
Washu would hear it. It was also doubtful that she would be asleep
yet. Washu didn't pay much attention to time. Being as old as
she was (a mid-boggling age, Mihosi remained boggled to this day)
she probably didn't need to. He walked down the stairs. Washu
was sitting working on her computer. She didn't acknowledge him
but Kagato knew she was aware of his presence.

"Sorry to disturb you Washu. Are you busy?" She turned around
to look at him.

"I'm always busy. But I guess I can spare you some time if
you want something." He hesitated for a moment.

"Would you like anything? Some tea perhaps?" he asked. He
moved about uncomfortably, not able to look directly at her face.

"I have an invention for that. Tastes as good as anything a
person could make."

"Oh of course..."

"What is it you really want?" she asked. Kagato looked at the
ground. Do I love or hate this planet he wondered. Things were much
simpler before he came here. But were these emotions real? Mallin
had the answer to that. He pushed his glasses up.

"It's Mallin, Washu. He's coming. And I've always
known he would come."

"I see. How long do we have?"

"Just a few more days."

"Why are you telling me this now?"

"I never promised any of you anything. But I never set out to
betray you..." Kagato turned away. "What does it matter?"
He walked up the stairs. "Goodbye Washu."

Yosho looked around the room and saw that everyone who needed to
be present was there.

"Why have you called us together Master Yosho?" asked
Kiyonne. yosho paced back and forth apparently deep in thought.
Washu had filled him in. He had been away from Jurai a long, long
time. Mallin had been born long after he had left there. He knew
Mallin only by reputation. There still was some contact between him
and Jurai. It wasn't difficult for him to work out why Mallin was
coming here. Simply, he was looking for a fight. Mallin knew
Yosho's reputation also. If he could kill Yosho he would be
recognised as one of the universes greatest fighters.

"Uh, Yosho?" said Mihoshi.

Mallin had tried to cause a rebellion on Jurai. It had only slight
success. He did not have the strength to overthrow the Jurai Royal
family. Yet men were drwan to his power...

"Yosho?"

"Hmm?" replied Yosho.

"The reason I called you here was to ask what you..."

"Mihosi," said Kiyonne.

"What Kiyonne?"

"HE CALLED US HERE!"

"Can someone please explain what's going on here?" asked
Ayeka impatiently.

"Yes, sorry." said Yosho. "A powerful Jurain called Mallin is
on his way to Earth. His immediate goal is to kill me. But his true
intentions are far greater. He plans to rule Jurai. He will dominate this
planet to try and carry out those plans."

"Oh no... this is terrible." said Ayeka. She knew Mallin, had met
him several times. He had been a soldier in the Jurain army. Popular,
handsome and strong he had been held in high regard.

"Ha, big deal. Bring him on, it's been a while since I had a
good fight." said Ryoko.

"Ryoko, we musn't underestimate him. His power is similar to
that of the Jurain Royal family in terms of strength." said Washu.
Ryoko said nothing, much to everyone's suprise.

"What should we do Grandpa?" asked Tenchi.

"No 'we' Tenchi. It's me he's after. Leave things to me." replied
Yosho. Tenchi was unconvinced. He knew how strong his grandfather
was but after year after year of living on Earth and settling down
Tenchi knew he wasn't as strong as he used to be. The question was
how strong did he need to be? Washu and Ayeka were obviously
taking things very seriously. Tenchi trusted his grandpa, but could
and should he sit back and do nothing?

"We have a few days. Mihoshi, Kiyonne, Washu, will you all keep an
eye out for his ship?" requested Yosho. All three nodded.

"Come on Grandpa let's do some training." said Tenchi.

Kagato sat alone on a bench in a park. It was deserted, probably
because of the cold weather. Ambition, he thought. He had that
once. Mallin still did. Kagato had recognised that, recognised the
power, confidence, supremacy of the man. He didn't have much
choice but to serve him. Either he had been with Mallin or against
him. Mallin's strength was far greater than even his own. Mallin
treated him with respect though. That had made 'serving' him easier.
Of course though, he had never really served him. Only plotted
against him, observed him, waited for the oppurtunity to destroy him
and take control of his so called 'liberators'. While he had liked
Tenchi, he merely respected Mallin. He knew Mallin was stronger, yet
Mallin lacked his experience, guile, even flair. If he had stayed Mallin
should be dead by now. Instead he had came to earth. There were
rumours that Yosho was living there and at the time Mallin had been
too busy massing an army to investigate personally. Kagato had
never reported back. He knew he would be followed here eventually.
The sensors on his ship had identified Kaiser. Kagato's options
were open. He could afford to take his time. Plans, good plans, evil
plans, clever plans were forming in his mind.

Tenchi ducked Yosho's sword then swung at his side. Yosho
blocked, rolled his blade over Tenchi's sword but Tenchi sensed
the move and lept back. Tenchi jumped to Yosho's side and
lunged forward. To their suprise before the battle could continue
Ryoko appeared in front of them.

"Are you two still worrying about that guy? Forget it. Tenchi, you
know I'll protect you and anyone you care about." she said.
then Ayeka came running over.

"Ignore Ryoko, Tenchi. I swear I will protect you and everyone
else!" she yelled. Ryoko raised her eyebrow and laughed.

"Who's gonna protect you?" said Ryoko. She was confident
that she was far superior to Ayeka physically. Well, superior in every
way, in fact.

"Would you like me to show you just how strong I am Miss Ryoko?
Ha ha ha ha ha!"

"Enough!" cried Tenchi. "Will you please stop! I can't
take it anymore!"

Washu sat alone in the basement. She poured herself a cup of tea.
Concentrating had been dificult. Kagato...you could have stopped
this. At the very least you could have tried. She had known it was a
mistake for Tenchi to trust him. But what could she have done? After
all she was only the universe's greatest genius. But noooo,
don't ask her advice. It's just "fix the TV Washu, fix my
ship Washu, build this Washu, i don't think THAT'S safe
Washu, not in my house Washu, don't shrink me Washu, don't
send me back in time Washu." Honestly some people could be so
self-obsessed. 

TO BE CONTINUED



Get more from the Web. FREE MSN Explorer download :
http://explorer.msn.com



