Author's Note: I wanted to come up with a different way to tell the story of

Ryoko's past and her feelings since she is one of my favorite characters.
This is what I came up with.  Thanks for all the letters I got when the
prologe came out.  (No one get made at me for the Mirei thing, I couldn't
help myself) Anyway, Enjoy.
Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Tenchi Muyo characters, so please don't
sue me.

In the Mind of A Pirate
by Ryoko-Himesama

Chapter One
The child Mirei

The girl brushed her cyan hair off her face and gazed with red eyes at the
chaos around her. Screaming and crying could be heard, but no scream was as
loud as her own..
<Kagato STOP!> cried her mind.
No answer came in response for a few minutes.  Then, <Emotion is your
weakness Ryoko.  You must rid yourself of it.>
The girl shot another blast.  She then calmly walked toward a spaceship
looming in the distance.  Then, the girl stopped and shuddered for a moment
before she passed out.  The spaceship meowed amd quickly pulled Ryoko up to
her bridge.

When the girl came to, she was sitting in the chair on the bridge.
<Where are we, Ryo-ohki?>
<100 light years from the planet Jurai.  Kagato might not be rash enough to
attack us there.>
Ryoko was about to respond, when a screen opened on the bridge.
"Space pirate Ryoko!  Cease approaching Jurai at once and surrender."
The girl stared dumbfounded for a moment.
<We can destroy them easily Mistress.>
<No.  I will not have anymore blood on my hands, even if it means returning
to. . . Kagato.>
<As you wish Mistress.>
<Full retreat away from the Planet Jurai!>
<Hai!>

Ayeka opened her eyes and looked around.  Washu seemed to have vanished for
the moment, but she was still trapped.  She tried to digest the information
she had received.  "Ryoko came to planet Jurai seeking sanctuary?" she said
aloud.
"You got it Princess." said Washu from the shadows.
"Washu! I thought I was going into Ryoko's mind, not her memories!"
"In order for you to understand her mind, you must first see her memories."
said Washu, "Now, I'll jump forward a few centuries.  Do you remember
Mirei?"
"Sasami's ghost friend on that old spaceship?"
In response, Washu pressed a button on her keyboard and Ayeka passed out
again.

Five hundred years had passed since that horrible day she had tried to flee
to Jurai and Ryoko still remembered her horrible punishment.  Ryoko quickly
brushed that thought out of her mind and returned to the task at hand.  She
was on the bridge of Ryo-ohki and was once more fleeing Kagato.  At her side

lay a sleeping ten year old girl with brown hair and wearing a fancy dress.

Ryoko smiled.  It was hard to imagine that this girl was related to her
and/or Kagato.  She looked like neither of them and acted like neither of
them.  Yet, Ryoko knew for a fact that she was.
       Kagato had decided that little Mirei was old enough to follow in her
mother's footsteps and this was the only way to prevent it.  Ryoko loved her

daughter and would do anything for her.  Picking Mirei up, Ryoko hugged her
good-bye.  Then she slipped her into a time freeze Ryo-ohki had created.
 The
thing sealed and Ryoko sighed.
<Ryo-ohki.>
<Meow?>
<Erase all her memories of me.>
<Hai Mistress.>
       Once the process was complete, Ryoko carried Mirei to a ship she had
rampaged in a raid.  She used the gems to create a world for her daughter in

the mirror and also to give her the power to travel around in spirit form.
Then she gave Mirei a gem she had began to make since the girl had been
born.
 It floated past the time freeze crystal and came to rest on Mirei's wrist.
       The girl could use the gem to protect her hiding place.  Looking at
her daughter once more, Ryoko sealed her daughter in a statue that hadn't
been destroyed and then disappeared onto Ryo-ohki, leaving her heart behind.

<Ryo-ohki, Seal away all memories of her that you and I possess.>
<Meow.>
That night, Ryoko cried for hours and she didn't know what for.
