Author's Note: I wanted to come up with a different way to tell the story of

Ryoko's past and her feelings since she is one of my favorite characters.
This is what I came up with.  Thanks for all the letters I got when the
prologe came out.  (No one get made at me for the Mirei thing, I couldn't
help myself) Anyway, Enjoy.
Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Tenchi Muyo characters, so please don't
sue me.

In the Mind of A Pirate
by Ryoko-Himesama

Chapter Three- Kagato's Return

So she had blown up his school, no big deal.  He had it coming for calling
her a monster.  Ryoko smiled.  Did Tenchi really think that he had seen the
last of her?  Kagato would come soon since the gems had been activated, she
had to hurry and get Tenchi and herself as far away as possible.  However,
it
was best not to tell Tenchi of Kagato just yet.  She had to get the gems.
Then she had to show Tenchi what Kagato was truly capible of.  A Spaceship
she had attacked once under his control came to mind and Ryoko never
questioned why she had thought of that one.
"Here he comes." thought Ryoko as Tenchi pulled back the covers.  She opened

her eyes and stood up.
"I want your balls please."
Tenchi stared at her.  Then he stammered.
"No way, They're mine and I'm gonna hang onto them."
"No!" yelled Ryoko, "I mean the three jewels on your sword.  Otherwise I
can't control Ryo-ohki."
After explaining to Tenchi what Ryo-ohki was, Tenchi refused to hand over
the
gems.  A fight ensued with Ryoko winning, kinda.  She had heard rumors that
only juraians could touch the Master Key and now she knew they were true.
So, Tenchi was Jurian.
"Great," thought Ryoko, "Now I have to lose time begging for my gems."
        After much begging (and an explosion from Ayeka) Ryoko had the gems
(one of them anyway).  She preceded to call Ryo-ohki and make a break for
it.
 However, Ayeka was able to capture Ryoko and Tenchi.  Then came the
interigation.  It didn't hurt that much, just the minute Ayeka used the
Master Key as torture.  However, I'm tough and I got over it.  So, time went

on.  Ayeka, Sasami, and Mihoushi moved in with us.  Then Kagato reappeared .

. .
        Ryoko was sitting in the onsen, talking to Ayeka about the good-old
days when Tenchi was a baby.  The door to the onsen flew open and Ryo-ohki
raced toward her with Sasami behind complaining about the time they had
spent
in the bath.  Ryoko ignored her and pulled Ryo-ohki into her arms.  Ryo-ohki

yelled out her through their link.
<Soja's back!>
<Nani?>
       However, the warning had come too late, for at that very moment
Kagato appeared.  He looked just like she remembered him.  Quickly, Ryoko
leaped away and changed into her battle gear.  Her plan was to get herself,
Tenchi, and as many others as possible out of there.  A bolt of electricity
from Kagato rendered her helpless.  Ryoko screamed and lost conciousness.
       When she came too, Ryoko was laying on the ground near the tree
Funaho.  Kagato was trying to pulled the master key from Tenchi's grasp.  As

quick as lightning, Ryoko was on her feet and pushing Tenchi away.
"Don't let him have it!" she ordered before turning back to Kagato.
"Fasinating." said Kagato with a smirk, "And what about that boy interests
you so much, Ryoko?"
Ryoko knew what was coming before it happened.  Kagato formed his light
sabor
and in the process took control of her mind.

She only heard what happened after that from accounts told by Tenchi, Yosho
(yes, she was told Tenchi's grandpa was Yosho), Ayeka, Sasami, and Mihoushi.

Her next memory was aboard Soja, trapped in an hourglass-comtraption Kagato
had often put her in.
"Here they come, bakamonos. It's strange they're throwing away their lives
to
save someone as defective as you." said Kagato calmly.
"I am NOT your machine anymore.  I am a human being!" Ryoko bit back.
"Human being? and compaired with the infinite will of the galaxy, human
feelings and emotions amount to little more then dust.  You know, your
current form was choosen only because it was convinent.  Your original form
could have been anything that I wanted.  Like a stone.  Shall I turn you
into
stone? Will that make you happy?"
Ryoko let out a few sobs in response.
       The next few moments were the longest of Ryoko's life.  Kagato began
attacking the ship that was a combination of Ryo-ohki and Ryo-oh.  The
Ryo-oh
part was completely destroyed.  Ryoko stared in shock for a few moments,
then
used all her energy to escape Soja and look for Tenchi.  What she saw made
her heart stop.  Tenchi's scarf, covered with blood.  She realized that now
there was only one thing left to live for: Avenging Tenchi.  She swore then
and there to kill Kagato or die trying.
