Author's Note: I wanted to come up with a different way to tell the story of

Ryoko's past and her feelings since she is one of my favorite characters.
This is what I came up with.  Thanks for all the letters I got when the
prologe came out.  (No one get made at me for the Mirei thing, I couldn't
help myself) Anyway, Enjoy.
Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Tenchi Muyo characters, so please don't
sue me.

In the Mind of A Pirate
by Ryoko-Himesama

Chapter Four- Final Battle
       Ryoko and Ayeka ran through the halls of the Soja, blasting all the
monsters Kagato sent their way.  Finally, they arrived in the bridge of
Soja.
 Kagato greeted them and Ryoko quickly attempted to kill him.  To her
dismay,
she realized she had killed only a shadow.  In a few moments, he had her by
the neck and was insulting her once again.  Ryoko felt a coldness sweeping
up
her arm and across her body.  She looked down.
"Kagato, don't. . . my arm."
But Kagato wouldn't stop and in mere moments, Ryoko was nothing more then a
stone statue.

       Ryoko opened her eyes and looked around.  Someone was circling her
and making rude comments about her.  Ryoko grabbed the red-haired maniac by
the neck and snapped right back at her.  Then, the midget said something so
amazing, so unexpected, that Ryoko could only stare in shock as the girl
wiggled away.
"No way." thought Ryoko, "She couldn't be my mother.  I don't have a mother.

I was created by Kagato."
       The maniac just kept talking and if Ryoko heard her right, she could
read her mind and she knew all about Tenchi!  Of course, when the girl
elaborated, Ryoko angerly put her light sabor to her throat.
"Mother or not, she has no right to jump into my head!" thought Ryoko.
       Finally, Mihoushi convinced Ryoko to leave "Washu" be.  Ryoko turned
to go, but Washu just had to get one more comment in.
"Ryoko, could you please, do you think you could call me mom?"
Ryoko vanished and disappeared.

She reappeared in front of Kagato and the two began fighting.  Of course,
Ayeka was making things difficult.
"Why did she have to come, she's in my way.  If I use enough power to
destroy
Kagato, she'll be killed too, and I'd never let another innocent human die
if
I could prevent it."
Ryoko noticed Ayeka's specialty shield appear around Kagato.
"Maybe she's not as useless as I thought." thought Ryoko.
She used her light sabor to knock a nearby pillar on Kagato, then went to
investigate the damage she had caused her "master." Out of nowhere, a hand
grabbed her foot and she was flung onto the pillar.  She coughed up blood,
but merged with the pillar before Kagato could attack again.  She grabbed
him
and attempted to crush him, but somehow he was able to crush her stone hand
instead.  The pillar fell apart around and Ryoko fell downward.  She heard
Ayeka a scream and turned to see the stone fragments falling toward the
princess.  Ryoko phased next to Ayeka, picked her up, and phased them both
to
safety without even thinking about it.  Kagato attacked again.  Ryoko tried
to protect herself and Ayeka, but failed and was thrown against a stone
wall.
 Kagato slowly walked toward Ayeka and she sunk into the ground.  Kagato
vanished with her.
       Ryoko stared, confused, then decided to count her blessings and
attack Kagato full force when he returned.  Before he came back, however,
Ryoko sensed a change in the Soja and her power began to drain from her.
Soon she was too weak to even stand and it was then that Kagato reappeared.

He payed her no heed, but activated the monitor in time for Ryoko to see a
marvelous site.  The Tsunami ship with ten wings of the lighthawk.  Kagato
mumbled something, but Ryoko ignored him.
"That is the most powerful of all ships." she said in awe.
       Then, Kagato's shadow fell over her and she knew she had failed.
"There is one final use for you.  When you lose conciousness all the power
in
your gems will be so just to use."
       Kagato picked her up by the head.  Ryoko realized to her shock that
he meant to kill her this time for the purpose of using her gems to capture
Tsunami and thus gain the whole universe.  In the end, she could not avenge
her love.
"I'm sorry, Tenchi." said Ryoko before she closed her eyes to accept death.
       Suddenly, the pain in her was gone.  Ryoko opened her eyes, believing

herself to be in heaven.  She was lying in Tenchi's arms.
"Are you real?" she asked.
"I'm no ghost." said Tenchi.
       Then Ryoko realized that Tenchi planned to fight Kagato.  He didn't
have enough power to win!  She must convince him to run.  However, at that
moment Tenchi realized his foot was stuck.  Azaka and Kamidake appeared to
back up the young prince . . . that lasted five seconds.
"Protect Ryoko!" ordered Tenchi as he ran off to face her greatest fear.

       Ryoko watched with fear in her eyes.  Tenchi wasn't doing well at
all.  She attemped to move, but found it useless.  What were those
blockheads
thinking?
"Hey you two, what are you doing? Go over there and help Tenchi."
       The two guardians informed her that they also, couldn't move.  Kagato

turned away from Tenchi and completely drained the power of her gems,
causing
Ryoko to let out a blood-curding scream.  He then called Tsunami to Soja.
Near Kagato, Tenchi stood up and got Kagato's attention in the process.
Tenchi threw the Master Key off to the side.
'So, you're giving up?" asked Kagato.
"Tenchi run!" ordered Ryoko as she felt Kagato powering up. "No, please
don't! You got everything you wanted, please, spare him."
"Can this boy really mean that much to you?" asked Kagato, "Well don't
worry.
 Very soon you and Princess Ayeka will join him.  He won't be alone in
death."
"NOOOOOOOOOO!" screeched Ryoko as Kagato shot at Tenchi.
"Now, it's your turn." said Kagato as he turned to Ryoko.
       At this point, Ryoko didn't care.  She was silently crying on the
floor of the Soja.  A gasp from Kagato made her look up.  Tenchi was still
alive!  He stood there in a different kind of Juraian battle armor that
Ryoko
had never seen.  Three Lighthawk wings surrounded him.  Kagato tried to
attack Tenchi, but failed.  Tenchi reached out and a lighthawk wing
transformed into a sword.  Kagato formed his light sabor and the two
prepared
for one finally attack.
       In mere moments, it was all over.  Kagato was dead.  Tenchi was alive

and she was free.
