Disclaimer:Tenchi Muyo is not mine. All characters belong to Pioneer and AIC 
inc. Blah blah blah.




                                In The Beginning
                                     Part 2
                       
                                 Tortured Souls


   Music reverberated off the walls. The sound traveled through all parts of the 
ship.
The huge organ was the only thing that gave Kagoto any solace. And after this 
humiliation he needed it. 
His carefully laid planes all for nothing. His greatest triumph turned out to be 
his greatest defeat.  Kagoto was not happy. 
  His music was beautiful in its mastery of play. Unfortunately there was no one 
else to hear it; except for professor Washu. 
Within the altered negative dimension that the Soja encompassed was the trophy 
room of Kagoto. At the back end, made into a center piece was the crystalline 
stasis tomb of Professor Washu. She was of diminutive size. Appearing to be on 
the edge of entering puberty though she was almost 20,000 years old. 
Professor Washu, self proclaimed to be the greatest scientific mind in the 
entire universe. And many of her pears and colleges agreed. 
  Washu had studied all kinds of sciences from chaos theory to starship drive 
theory to planetary geology. But she was best known for her study of genetics.
  It was assumed that she had found the proverbial fountain of youth  within her 
studies. That's why she looked the way she did. Young and never changing though 
she was older than anybody. Even the long lived jurians.
  Though the truth be known, she was a beautiful full figured woman when she was 
in love, with a husband and a little boy. But his noble family betrayed her and 
forced him to leave her. Since that day she has worn the young diminutive sized 
form she wears now.
   But now she was a prisoner. Trapped and entombed. A living death. Only one 
part of her brain showed any activity. All other areas of her being, from her 
top knotted red hair to the bottom hem of her green royal science academy coat, 
were frozen and still.
   After 2000 years of partnership and study Kagoto made his move. After her 
greatest achievement, the creation of Ryoko. 
  Kagoto was a colleague and had a fire, like Washu, for genetics. Both where 
looking to create the perfect being. Though too late she discovered that the 
reasons where diametrically opposite. 
   Washu needed to fill a space empty for too long after her husband left her 
with her baby boy.  Washu was crushed for 1000s of years before she was able to 
cope with the idea of creating a new child. One that was all hers, created from 
her own ovary eggs. One that would live long years as she did and never be 
susceptible to injury.  But Kagoto had other plans for the creation. And after a  
short period of teaching her new daughter how to cope and live life normally 
Kagoto took it all away. He tricked and betrayed her. Sealed her up in this 
tomb. That was nearly 3000 years ago.
   Though she was not without  one outlet to the world. She had designed  into 
Ryoko a  telepathic link. So Washu was able to receive thoughts and feelings 
from her daughter. Not that this was a blessing. Just the opposite. She 
remembered everything that Kagoto did to Ryoko. He had deadened her emotions 
through science and psychological torture.
Not to mention all the torturous training to make her a killing machine. He 
erased psychologically any though of self worth other that how powerful and 
deadly she could be. How many times he inflicted wounds for no reason or even 
killed her, only to watch her come back from it. But the worst to Washu was that 
he had erased Ryokos memory of her mother. 
 But now, instead of another bout of pain and suffering to endure from Kagoto 
via the telepathic link from Ryoko. Her mind was virtually flipping with 
delight. Mentally she was saying to herself, "Yes, yes, go Ryoko.  Run, run, far 
away from him.  So far he cannot find you. Run Ryoko . Fly away my beloved 
daughter. Fly away and be free."  



Yosho stood in the apartment of his parents. Azusa sat in his throne-like chair 
just gazing at his son. Funaho stood by one of the walls not desiring the chair 
next to her. Misaki was away seeing to her daughters. 
<She will probably overdo the protective mother bit again> Yosho thought to 
himself. 
He almost felt sorry for Ayeka and Sasami. 
A slight "Ahhem" of Azusa clearing his throat brought Yosho back under his gaze.
Yosho new his father very well. He was a tall strong looking man. As well as a 
powerful leader. He had the admiration of all the high council as well as the 
senate of nobility.
He was also very careful.  In the world of political intrigue and noble power 
maneuverings one had to be. Even the slightest wrong gesture or word could come 
back to bit you or even cause you to loose position.
 Azusa waited taking in Yoshos account of the events that had happened that day 
as well as a pile of other reports. He sat there unmoving as if waiting for a 
move so he could counter move. It was one of his many tactics to keep control of 
a situation. It was also second nature to him. 
Yosho waited. He had been under this kind of treatment many times in the past. 
He understood that  he was not in any trouble. To an outside observer though 
Yosho was about to be toasted over the grill.
Yosho secretly wished that his father would not be so stiff and formal. That was 
one of his failings. Not even the 1200 years with his characteristically unroyal 
emotional   second wife could crack his disposition.  
 "Very well Yosho. Azusa finally said. This cannot go unanswered and you appear 
to be the only candidate able to accomplish this."
He stood and took a step toward his son. The look on his face appeared stony, 
cold and angry. But Yosho knew better. He was worried. 
  "How soon will you leave?"
Yosho replied, "My ship was damaged. I have a repair crew working on her. They 
estimate that she will be done early tomorrow morning. I will leave to pursue 
the Demon Ryoko as soon as I am able." 
 "Then stay in contact with us. I want frequent updates. And remember , I am 
expecting an answer to my question." Azusa then offered his hand to Yosho ,who 
took it,  and gave a pat on his shoulder.
 "Good luck. And may Tsunami go with you, my son." Said Azusa with an edge to 
his voice that said what his word could not. < I'm proud of you son. I love you. 
Be careful. >
 "Thank you father" said Yosho, his voice almost cracking. Azusa almost never 
displayed any kind of affection.
  Funaho stepped to his side and took him by the arm. She guided him out of the 
apartment before speaking. "I am very proud of you Yosho. Who knows what damage 
could have been done if Ryoko had gotten into the palace."
"Thank you mother."
They walked arm an arm down the hall towards Yoshos apartment. " What's wrong 
dear?" Funaho asked.
"Oh it's nothing, mother."
Funaho not being fooled or brushed away said, "is it what is going to happen or 
is what happens after that bothers you."
Yosho looked over to her, "Am I that easy to read mother?"
"Only because I know you so well. Besides I have had over 2000 years to study 
human behavior."
Yosho smiled as he chuckled. But then got sober. With a sigh he said "Its what 
comes after. And that dam decision Father has placed upon me and .a lot of 
things."
"Does the cloak of royalty still chaff you? I thought you would have gotten used 
to it by now."
They stopped at  Yoshos door and went inside. "Its not that really. It's that I 
have heard some things and placed together some others.  (Sigh) I think that 
there will be trouble brewing."
"In the court of intrigue and political power there is always something brewing. 
Funaho replied. Right now all intrigue will be put on hold for rebuilding and 
restructuring."
 "But you don't understand what I'm getting at." Yosho said and almost regretted 
it.
 "Don't I? Do you think that I have not had to go through the same things as 
you?"
Yosho was stopped cold at his mothers' words. <Well, he thought to himself, if I 
can't talk to mother about what's been bothering me I can't talk to anybody.>
He opened his mouth to speak when Funaho spoke first. "Hush now. We will have a 
nice long mother son talk about it when you get back. But right now we need to 
get you packed. And you need to get some sleep before takoff."
Yosho let it drop and allowed his mother to take charge of the situation. For 
witch he was grateful; for he needed to compose a message to Ayeka before he 
left.
  

The drifting gasses and debris made a thick soup.  Laced with latent energy and 
radioactive particles, it made the perfect hiding spot. 
 The Funaho scanned the area for two days before venturing into the proto-star 
soup.
Making sure that the Ryo-Ohki did not just fly though the mass in order to elude 
its pursuers. 
<Hmmm ,Yosho mused to himself. Why would you hide in such an obvious hiding 
place Ryoko?> 
  The cloud was just off one of the many space lanes going to Juri. Plus it was 
just out of Juri space proper. And since it was an obvious place for pirates to 
hide in for an ambush; steps had been made to insure no pirate would be foolish 
enough to use it.
Monitoring satellites had been emplaced and a special sensor net partial blanket 
had been placed throughout the cloud.
But Ryoko had disabled the satellites. This surprised Yosho a little. It did not 
fallow the demons normal routine. And nothing had moved in the two days he had 
sat and monitored the cloud. Also it was one of the worst spots to choose to 
wait out for the heat to go down. <What are you up to demon?> 
  Using normal channels Yosho should have reported to the Jurian military and 
the Galaxy Police of Ryokos whereabouts. But the televised news stations where 
blacked out of the whole affair. Everything about the assault was being 
classified. Juri was doing its damnedest to keep the incident quiet. 
So getting a huge battle fleet or two would certainly cause a stir. Plus it did 
not sit well with Yosho. Ryoko and Yosho had battled, though neither had won. 
The demon ran as if it new what was going to happen, not that it was beaten. And 
to step back and let some else finish for him what he started would shame his 
honor. 
So the Funaho ventured into the cloud looking for the Ryo-Ohki. It took several 
hours before Yosho picked up a faint alter-space echo. Viewing this he was 
reminded that within the cloud all forms of communication would most likely be 
blocked. The source would have to be man made and close. Yosho followed the echo 
to a small planetoid.
The planetoid was moonlike but did have an atmosphere. It was light in gravity 
and he would need a protective barrier and oxygen. 
Ryoko was leaning on an craggy outcropping of rock patently waiting.
Yosho landed and ventured out with said energy barrier and oxygen supply.
Walking up to meet the demon it said "Its about time you got here." 
"I must say, hitching a ride on Ryo-Ohki was clever of you."
  "So you new that I would come after you." Yosho stated.
  "I was counting on it. Its not every day I find someone who can give me a 
challenge and live to tell about it. I new your Jurian pride would not let you 
let me get away."
"I would call it honor." 
"Whatever, your going to be just as dead anyway." Ryoko summoned her energy and 
formed her energy blade.
Yosho likewise formed his blade from his tenchican, the master key.
The combatants flew at each other to meet in the middle with a clash of energy.
   Ryoko was an expert at flying with or without gravity. Yosho was still 
subject to gravitational laws but not so much as in their last encounter. Yosho 
quickly learned that staying on the ground was as much a benefit as it was a 
hindrance. But with the danger of flying off into the soup without any flying or 
navigation ability would be very fatal. So he stayed on the ground.
  Ryoko pushed Yosho hard trying to keep him off balance with multiple attacks 
from every corner; even from underneath. Yosho countered the demon with every 
attack. Ryoko upped the ante with power bolts forcing Yosho to use his Jurian 
power for a shield. 
   Ryoko, thinking to herself, knew that to go into a battle rage would not be a 
wise choice with such formidable opponent. But it was like her calling card, and 
it would make such a good feint for her purposes. Ryoko screamed her furry with 
her downturned brow over her demonic red glowing eyes.  The demon smashed down 
on Yosho nearly knocking him to his knees. With a maelstrom of blows Yosho was 
knocked back, his feet skidding over the loose ground loosing several feet with 
each hit. The blades clashed so hard sparks flew from them.
Yosho was holding his own but the power of this demon was enormous. He continued 
to defend meeting the barrage with all the power he could muster, waiting for an 
opening. He noticed Ryoko had gotten into a rhythm and saw his opportunity. He 
waited for the series of blows to come around again then ducked a slash and 
attacked slashing upward.
  The blow hit Ryoko at the side of the ribcage cutting through at least two 
ribs.
 Ryoko stifled a yelp of pain and kicked at Yosho.  The demon kicked Yoshos 
sword arm upward. Yosho did not let go of his tenchican and the blade proceeded 
to cut up the ribcage and out through the top of the shoulder cutting off the 
right arm completely.
 Ryoko stumbled back and fell to her knees. Yosho got to his feet and walked 
over to Ryoko. 
"You are beaten, Demon. Time for you to go back to hell" he said raising his 
tenchican.
Ryoko, holding its side closed while blood streamed down its side ,Laughed at 
Yosho.
 "Ha Ha HA ha. You fell for it, Sucker!" Then Ryoko fazed away.
Yosho was stunned as he looked all around for the demon. He spied the demon and  
saw the Ryo-Ohki  closing on it fast. Yosho ran at the demon intending to finish 
it off before it got away. As he ran he watched Ryoko stick its hand inside it 
own body cavity and pull something out and crush it. Then discarding it reached 
inside again. This time when it pulled its head jerked to one side as if its 
hair was pulled. The demon screamed in pain as it pulled. Yosho was upon it  
again and the Ryo-Ohki  was right above. Red rings surrounded the demon as 
Yoshos blade descended. But the demon was gone and the blade hit nothing but 
air.
On the Ryo-Ohki  Ryoko materialized in front of her chair and collapsed into it. 
Leaning to the left to keep her innards where they belonged. Her bleeding had 
stopped though she was still soaked by it. She was pasty white pail too. She 
could tell the signs of shock setting in. "Oh well, its not the first time I've 
died." She flipped on the external laud speaker. "Thank you Prince Yosho for 
your services. As a consequence I will not kill you this time. So long prince." 
With short unsteady breaths she said "Ok Ryo-Ohki you know what to do," and the 
ship Ryo-Ohki flew with increasing speed away from the cloud. 
Yosho had already keyed for Funaho to come pick him up. The battle he noticed 
took them some distance from his ship. 
  As the ship arrived some kind of energy wave sweaped down upon him buffeting 
him and his ship. With no apparent damage he was transported onto his ship along 
with a couple of souvenirs. On what served as a bridge of the Funaho Yosho told 
the ship "Go after the Ryo-Ohki." 
The ship responded "Unable to comply."
"What ? Why not?"
No sensory data on the Ryo-Ohkis heading is at  hand." 
"What do you mean? It was just there." 
"Wait a minute. What was that last energy wave?"
"It was a dispensing wave from the Ryo-Ohki. The Ryo-Ohki is at every quadrant 
point as far as the sensors can perceive."
  Yoshos frustration showed upon his face. "Very clever Ryoko. It could take me 
days to pick up your trail again." "Funaho, move us out of the cloud then begin 
scanning for the Ryo-Ohki."
Yosho moved over to his science station was. The techno sciences was  a hobby of 
his
So he did have some devises that most ships did not. Including a small table 
lab.
First he scooped up the metallic rectangle that had been crushed by Ryoko. He 
placed it in the scanner and waited for the results. Next he took the severed 
arm of Ryoko and got a tissue sample. He could not help but notice what appeared 
to be a jewel imbedded into the wrist of the arm. He cut it out of the wrist and 
set it aside for examination.
Yosho became engrossed is his scanning and testing. It became like a puzzle to 
him that he wanted to solve. It came as a surprise to him when he looked up to 
notice that several hours had passed. "Did you find anything yet Funaho?" He 
asked.
 "No, the Ryo-Ohkis exit vector has not been found."
 "When you do set in a course to fallow at best possible speed."
Yosho turned to a vid recorder and flipped it on. "Personal log. Date 1965.8. I 
battled Ryoko again in the kariuti proto-star cloud. Apparently it was a setup 
of sorts. 
I apparently won but I was meant to win. It appears that Ryoko had a tracker 
device imbedded into it torso. Also this device had a protection program that 
was attached directly to the brain. I surmise that the demon could not remove 
the device itself and therefore needed someone else to inflict a wound so the 
device could be removed."
Yosho stopped to collect his thoughts.
 "In the battle I took off the entire right arm and shoulder. Enabling Ryoko to 
remove the device. However in doing so it sacrificed its arm and more. 
I scanned its genetic makeup to find that it is like no other humanoid known. It 
is like it has been genetically engineered to be the perfect being. Of course I 
would rather have the real biological scientists at the academy confirm this 
hypothesis." 
"It also sacrificed this." Yosho held up the red jewel inside a stasis field jar 
to the vid camera. "I cannot tell much from it except that it is some kind of 
power gem.
 However even with the apparent ability of regeneration the power in this gem 
should burn a path right through flesh. But the arm shows nothing like that.
It is like the two where meant to work together. But, he said with a sigh, it 
seems that it is loosing power. In a mater of a few hours it should desolve into 
nothing even within the stasis field. I am taking all tests and measurements I 
can while it is still here. I wish I could know why it desolves but I can't.
"Next comes two questions. Who is keeping tabs or maybe controlling this 
powerful creature? And two, who has the ability to create such a creature."
"I believe the two questions have the same answer."
"Getting some info from the academy and the Galaxy police gave me some possible 
suspects. The list is long but one name seems to just jump out at me. Kagoto."
"He has the genetic background. Plus they are known to work together. In several 
instances where Ryoko attacks the Soja just happens to be somewhere in the 
vicinity too."
"It is a clever setup, Ryoko gets the badguy fame and Kagoto gets the spoils."
"Though this too is only speculation and with the academy saying to the press 
that the ex-scientist is just a mad man going after old moldy trinkets, does not 
give credit to my speculation."
"But the all-encompassing question is why? Why, create such a powerful creature 
to rob old manuscripts and raid tombs. And then use it to spread terror and 
destruction?"
"Why then attack the planet of Juri itself?
 And why is the demon Ryoko willing to sacrifice its power and maybe its life to 
separate itself from its partner or master?"
Yosho turned off the vid recorder and turned to attempt to get  some sleep for 
his troubled mind.

Yoshos sleep was disturbed with dreams. He was walking through a battlefield 
with dead all around him. All of the dead had fine garb of nobility on them 
instead of armor.
"What could have done this?" He asked aloud. 
"Something with great power" said a voice.
Yosho looked down and found the master key in his hand. It seemed like the voice 
came from it but swords do not talk. Though he new that the master key was more 
than just a sword, but he could not remember what. He mentally grasped at an 
answer. All he could come up with something about a goddess a tree and power.
He did remember that the master key was carved from a tree. A very special tree, 
but no more than that.
"How do I kill something that has this much power?" "Do you have this much 
power" He asked the sword in his hand?
"No, I do not. But we can still defeat it." Said the sword to him.
"How?"
"By taking away its power. Absorbing it."
Yosho held up the sword to him. He was about to ask how but was interrupted by 
the sound of a child. He looked away from the sword and found little Sasami 
standing close by. "Sasami? What are you doing here? Its not safe here."
He walked up to her and saw that she was bleeding from a wound to her head. He 
knelt down in front of her. She looked frightened as if she did not know where 
she was. She turned back to Yosho and said in her toddler way, "don't judge her 
too harshly." 
She paused as Yosho was shocked but quickly regained his composure. "She did not 
mean it."
Yosho was about to scold Sasami about not understanding grownup affaires when a 
scream came from ahead of him. He jumped to his feet and ran toward the scream.
He saw a giant gangly monster with a wild mop of white hair  and in the colors 
of red and black. It moved away from him and its latest victim. Yosho though it 
was Ayeka but when he got to her and held her in his arms the face that looked 
up to him was Funahos.
"Mother" he cried.
 She spoke to him though its sound was like a whisper. "Forgive her."
Yosho screamed his anguished pain into the air of the battlefield of death. 

Yosho startled himself out of the nightmare. He got himself out of bed and 
grabbed the master key as he went. He waked over to the science table and stood 
their. He closed his eyes and concentrated. He stood motionless for several 
minutes till finally he spoke with a memory. " The tenchican can be like an 
encompassing wave of water or as hard as the hardest steel." 
Yosho opened his eyes and ignited the master key. "Absorb instead of repel."
He concentrated and then move the tip of the blade to the red jewel floating 
inside the stasis field. Like a magnet the jewel moved to the side of the jar. 
Then it moved through the glass, without damaging it, and down within the center 
of the blade to the globe next to the hilt. Then the jewel dissipated and 
disappeared.
Yosho looked at his sword. Detecting no residual stray energy he said "I've got 
you now demon."
Bending down to his knees he began to pray. "Tsunami, blessed goddess. I thank 
you for your wisdom that you have bestowed upon me. I swear that I will succeed 
in doing your bidding. I will destroy the Demon Ryoko. I thank you for your 
other blessings.."

Within the other world where the goddess Tsunami dwells the goddess looks up 
from her water pool. With a long sigh she speaks "Yosho, you misunderstand."
"You do not listen to the whole message. You are blinded by hate and anger, 
fear."
"I will have to whisper more into your ear. I hope that I can make you see, 
before its too late."


Ayeka walked down one of the many walkways of the palace grounds. She bowed her 
head to acknowledge a pair bowing to her as she passed.  She turned into another 
walkway.
This walkway lead into the combat training area for the nobility. She walked 
strait to the dojo and up its stairway. She pulled the chime cord and waited.
A servant soon opened the doorway and bowed. "The sensai is expecting you 
Princess, this way please." She followed the servant who took her into a 
pleasantly decorated chamber where her sensai waited.
   "Greetings sensei, I am here as you have asked."
   "Thank you for coming Princess Ayeka. Please sit. Would you like some tea?"
The sensei motioned for the servant to prepare the tea. While the tea and cake 
were being prepared and served Ayeka took her time to take in the room. She had 
not been here before. It was a sparsely decorated room but still gave a sense of 
calm. <This must be his meditation room.> she thought to herself. 
When the servant was finished with serving the tea she departed to leave the 
princess and sensei alone. 
   Taking a sip from his cup the sensei spoke up. "I wanted to take to you 
princess about your future."
 "When you first signed up for the self-defense class I was surprised."
"Surprised? How so?" Inquired Ayeka.
  "Even to the nobles who dwell within the palace the talk is always centered 
around the royal family. Of course you know that your lives are like an open 
book to all."
The sensei sipped some more tea and collected his next words. "It gives insight 
into the person being talked about so much."  
   "I think that rumor and conjecture hardly qualify as a base for insight into 
someone's character." Said Ayeka getting her back up.
"True; to believe everything you here would be folly. However, at the time for 
what I knew of you it did surprise me."
He paused again then continued. "I was concerned about your honor at the time. I 
wondered if you would finish the training. 
Fortunately I was wrong. You have more strength and determination than I gave 
you  credit for."
Ayeka smiled at her sensei's admission.
"So it was not so much a shock when I learned that you signed up for a second 
year.
However my concerns remained. And I believed that I may have to ask you to leave 
the training since you where falling behind in the class."
Ayeka sighed, "It is true that I found the second year to be much more difficult 
than the first. But I did do better. I have redoubled my efforts."
Holding him hand up to calm Ayeka from getting into hysterical fit as she is 
known to do he continued. "Yes Princess you have. Ever since the attack from the 
demon Ryoko, you have trained extra hours and with greater determination. You 
train like your possessed."
"I hope your not planing on challenging Ryoko yourself," he joked.
   "If it comes to that, I must be prepared." Replied Ayeka with a determined 
set to her jaw. 
 The sensei sighed and pored himself another cup of tea. Then he looked at the 
princess.
   "If you continue to work like you have for the past few months with your 
final testes you will pass with your fellow students."
Ayeka smiled at this.
   "But I would like to talk to you about next years training." 
   "You have noticed that half the students had dropped by the end of the first 
year, and only a third of the class remains from the second year. The third year 
will be even harder." He looked into his cup of tea to gather his thoughts 
again. 
"Princess Ayeka, I know how much you admire your fathers prowess and especially 
Yoshos. But I do not believe that you will be able to follow in their footsteps.
It is not within your nature to be like them."
   "What do you know of me and what I am capable of?" demanded Ayeka with a 
furrowed brow of anger.
The sensei set down his cup on the table and looked strait at Ayeka catching her 
eye. "I have studied the arts for over 3000 years Princess. And I have seen them 
come and go.
You fight defensively princess. Even your weapons that you chose to train on, 
the staff  and the wipe. They are both more defensive than attack type weapons.
  "You do not posses the eye of the eagle as we say."
Ayeka fought to keep from pouting and looked up from her hands to her sensei.
   "What about  Kuentie the warrior queen, she was not known for her strength as 
a blade welder of great prowess but yet she was one of our most famous 
warriors."
  "True but she also had an ability that few posses. Much like Yosho who is 
undefeated and considered by some as legend in his own time."
Ayeka sat their dejected, her tea going flat an tasteless.
   "Take heart Princess all is not lost." He sipped his tea again and made sure 
that he did have Ayeka attention again.
   "You are going to be going through you joining with , ahhh. Ryu-oh is it?"
   Ayeka smiled slightly. It was nearly time for her to go through the ritual of 
joining with her chosen tree. She had been in preparation of this for nearly a 
month already.
By eating of her leaves and bark and once a week drinking a mixture from her 
sap.
   "Yes sensei, I will be going through the ritual the week after next."
  "And just after your year end tests." Commented the sensei. "Their will be a 
great many changes when that happens."
   "Many who go through the tests double up on their training and try to hone 
them into their combat training. This technique does work and gives them an edge 
over many of their fellow students, but it also curbs their abilities in other 
ways."
"Princess Ayeka, I suggest to you that you take the  year off from combat 
training and concentrate on your newfound abilities. If you feel that you want 
to continue your training with us, we may talk about it then."
   Ayeka's  spirit was consoled but she still felt down. She finished her tea 
and asked for leave. Ayeka was joined outside of the dojo by her guardians Azaka 
and Kamidaki. She walked down the walkway with her head held high to face once 
again an uncertain future.


Sasami waited patiently outside the joining area. It was the walled off place 
within the great cavernous room where all the Jurian trees where kept. It is the 
place where all nobles go when it is time to join with their tree.
A caretaker opened the door in front of her and spoke, "Come in Princess Sasami. 
Your sister is waiting for you."
Sasami followed the caretaker to the room where Ayeka was recuperating from her 
joining. Seeing her sister sitting up along side her bed Sasami gave a happy 
shout "Ayeka!" and ran to her and embracing her sisters knees.
Ayeka smiled at her little sister and patted her on the shoulder. "It is good to 
see you too Sasami. But where is mother?"
"She could not make it. She had a meeting. She said that she will be here to see 
you at lunch time." Replied Sasami.
"I think that I would like to take a walk now." Ayeka said to the caretaker.
The caretaker sighed and mover to the rooms corner where rested a staff. She 
took it over to the princess and helped her to her feet. "Be careful now 
princess. Do not push yourself too hard. You only regain enough strength to walk  
yesterday." 
"I will." said Ayeka.
Ayeka moved away from her bed and over to Ryu-oh her tree that shared the room 
with her. She touched the trunk of the tree gently like a lovers caress. "I will 
not be long." She said to it.
Walking with the staff in hand and holding onto Sasami's hand with the other the 
two princesses walked among the other jurian trees chatting about this and that 
joking and generally enjoying each others company. Finally Sasmi asked "What was 
it like when they joined you?" 
  Ayeka thought back to all the things that had happened in the last several 
weeks. It was a long procession of things to do to prepare for the joining. It 
takes a whole month to prepare and then the actual joining is a long ordeal too. 
Ayeka remembered the shock and the rapturous pain of joining. Ayeka did not know 
how to describe it.
  And then there was the problems that she was told about. The preparations have 
been tested over thousands of years but still where not fail proof. Ayeka 
joining took longer that it should and she became unstable. The caretakers said 
that they almost lost her.
Such things where rare but still did happen. After the joining Ayeka was 
uncountious a whole day and bedridden for another two. 
  Ayeka looked down to her sister and replied "I never though of myself as being 
separated from anything, but joining feels like suddenly being apart of a 
greater whole."
"I wonder if marriage is like this?"
Sasami giggled at her sister and her cheeks got pink. Ayeka joined her sisters 
infectious laugh.
The two had walked and now found themselves a the foot of the great sacred tree 
Tsunami. Sasami looked at her sister who was staring with aww at the great tree.
She had seen the changes in her sister from the joining. She looked more vibrant 
with a happy contented glow like an pregnant expectant mother. She also seemed 
to be a little off in a dreamy state of mind.
Finally Ayeka spoke up to her sister. "I will have many new powers to discover 
and learn how to use. I think I have found one already."
"What's that Ayeka?"
"Power. I can see the power within the trees." Ayeka said  looking down at her 
sister. "I can see the power in you too Sasami." She bent down to look more 
closely at her little sister. 
Looking at her sister face to face she said "It looks just as bright as the 
power of Tsunami."
  Sasami took a sharp intake of breath at the statement, and felt something come 
over her from within. Her eyes flashed with power as she moved her hand up to 
her sisters forehead and touched it saying "Forget".
Ayeka's knees gave way and she collapsed onto her haunches. Her eyes fluttered 
and then she blinked them open again.
"I'm sorry Ayeka." Said Sasami.
"What? What do you mean Sasami? It's not your fault that I fell." She wrapped 
her arm around her little sister and said. "Theirs nothing to be sorry for 
Sasami."
Getting back to her feet with Sasami's help she said. "I'm getting tired, I 
think that we should be getting back now." 
And the two princesses started heading back.
 Princess Sasami/Tsunami was still a little worried as she thought to herself  
<I'm sorry Ayeka but that power of yours will not be good right now. Please 
forgive me for hiding it from you. Perhaps later at a better time you may 
rediscover it.>
<As for other powers, yes there will be, and you will become very strong in 
them. Be faithful, my little warrior princess.>

Time went on and Ayeka did grow strong. Though her discovered powers where not 
as numerous as she had hoped, but they where powerful. She developed an affinity 
to the study of power shields and all the nuances and manipulations of them; 
they where her strongest ability. She also discovered the abilities of power 
strength, levitation and telekinesis. And some minor power in flying and power 
bolt.
Ayekas abilities seemed to grow almost daily. Her power grew to a level to 
surpass Yosho with shields and even to match her fathers abilities.
  When he heard about this Azaka swelled with pride and forgot all about telling 
her to stop this training that some had though of as unbecoming of a princess.
   Ayeka's new course of action had not come without a price though. 
The attack of the demon Ryoko had awoken her to an epiphany of  her world. She 
saw how naive she was and how shallow she and her companions where. Since her 
change in attitude she had lost many of her so called friends and had become 
more dependant on Sasami.
The little princess Sasami had seemed to take to spending time with Ayeka 
without encouragement. But the little princess did give worry to her mother and 
nursemaid.
Though she was generally the happy little girl sometimes she seemed lost in 
though and sad at that or she seemed mad at some unseen advisory.
Her nursemaid had caught her talking to her self in the mirror one time as if 
she where arguing with herself. But she would never talk about it even to he 
mother or sister whom she was getting very close with.
   
More time passed, and to the long lived Jurians who seldom noticed the passage 
of decades all seemed to be normal again. All except for two princesses.
  It was at one of the many state functions that happened throughout the year. 
Though this one was less formal with wives and children welcome. 
Ayeka stood near her father and mother though she was not interested in the 
conversation going on. She was thinking of a few weeks past when she had ordered 
her Ryu-oh to be placed within a ship frame. It was her first official decision 
as an adult on her birthday.
She had been worrying about Yosho too, lately.
  Suddenly she was shook out of her train of thought. "Oh, I'm sorry. My mind 
was preoccupied,"  she said with an apologetic smile.
   The official that her father was talking too smiled back; she had forgotten 
his name already. "I was saying princess that I have my son here with me 
tonight. He is about your age and I though that you might like his company 
better than listening g to a couple of statesmen talk business."
  Ayeka said, "I'm sure that you will introduce me when we see him." She said 
gracefully not to agree or not.
"  I know  where he is," said second queen Misaki. She pulled Ayeka away and 
they headed over across the vast chamber.
Queen Misaki was practically guiddy. She was such a socialite and she loved 
these functions. She could barley control her self as she pulled Ayeka alone and 
stooped at almost every grouping of people and table to talk to someone. What 
surprised Ayeka was the number of people that she knew the names of. It was like 
she memorized the hierarchy of the empires governmental offices. Witch was an 
enormous number considering the empire expanded over thousands of star systems.
Ayeka spied a glance of Sasami, with her long double poinytailed hair, peeping 
around a corner at the assembly. Ayeka though that it was strange to see her. 
She should be with the other young children of the nobility. Ayeka though over 
the fact that she had caught Sasami eavesdropping and spying apone several 
people around the palace. She though to herself <I'm going to have to have a 
sisterly talk with her about that. It would be no good for a princess to be 
spying on other people.>
  Sasami was growing up and had left her toddler years behind. <She now will be 
facing the beginning years of her training to be a princess>, though Ayeka. But 
the thought made her sad, though she did not understand why. She did not have 
time to reflect on this for she was sweped away again  by her mother to an other 
table where sat a collection of three young men. Ayeka new already what her 
mother intended and gave a mental <Mootthheerrrr>. But she could not give away 
such emotions unbecoming of a princess. <Smiles , graciousness, and courtesy and 
never let your guard down,>she though to herself as they started introductions.

Ayeka sat in her private bath next to her apartments. It had been a long night 
but it was an enjoyable one. Ti'lee was the name of the dignitaries son. A young 
officer newly commissioned to the central command in their communications 
division. He was nervous at first and a little awkward. But he did settle down 
after a while and even proved himself to be a good dancer. Ayeka liked him and 
thought that she would like to see him again. <But not too soon> she thought. <I 
cannot be giving anybody the wrong impression, especially him. I am engaged to 
Yosho after all.>
The thought of Yosho brought her good mood crashing down.
.   She pulled herself out of the bath before her beautiful delicate skin could 
start to wrinkle. She dried her hair and got ready for bed. As she sat down in 
front of her vanity cabinet as she thought back to the party. 
  She did remember now why her mother and father quickly arranged for her to 
meet Ti'lee. The dignitary, Lord Kalseto had asked about Yosho and his 
whereabouts. Obviously her father did not want to have Ayeka hear what he had to 
say about Prince Yosho. And so Ayeka was separated by Misaki.
Ayeka was upset about the whole affair. Not only was she maneuvered out of the 
way but it was done by her own parents and so easily too. <I must not let myself 
be so distracted>
Ayeka thought with irritation to herself.
   The party did do one thing for her, it let her not feel so alone as she did 
now. 
She tried to think about the times her and Sasami would sleep together in the 
same room.
It was sorta like a slumber party that she heard the commoners do. But Ayeka did 
not think that even Sasami could brighten her mood now. 
Bed time was always the saddest part of the day. As Ayeka finished brushing her 
long hair and put down her brush, she moved her hand over to the message 
recorder that sat on her desk and pushed the play button.
   "Ayeka, dearest". Said the miniature holographic Yosho. "Tomorrow I leave to 
do battle with the Demon Ryoko. When I return we will be wed..."
   "Oh Yosho. Where are you?" She said forlornly. Then she got up and went to 
bed. 
"I cannot just sit here in the palace and wait forever. I must find out if 
father is keeping something from me. I must find out what happened to Yosho."
Ayeka rolled over and started to drift off to sleep with the beginnings of a 
plan on her mind.


It had been many months of chasing the Demon Ryoko before Yosho had finally 
found it on a colony world far out in the outer territories.
Oh, he had caught up to the Demoness a couple of times but Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki 
had eluded him the first time. And the second, to Yosho's great surprise Ryoko 
turned to fight and got a lucky shot in and disabled his Funaho. But instead of 
finishing him off it turned and ran again. This confused Yosho greatly. He was 
finding that their was more to this demon than he expected.
 Now Yosho was on the planets surface. He had discovered Ryoko's area of 
location but had landed a long distance away in order to avoid detection. 
He was now stalking through a wooded area outside a rurally populated area.
 Ryoko was very close somewhere ahead of him. He walked on through the trees and 
brush looking, listening. After a while he came to a lake within a bowl like 
depression surrounded by hills covered in woodlands. He did not spy any people 
but their was a campsite of sorts on the other side of the lake.
He knelt down to watch the camp and to think. Ryoko was nagging Yosho greatly. 
Every source of info on Ryoko was that it was a ruthless killer and cause of 
mass destruction.
But since this chase began Ryoko had displayed nothing but a desire to flee and 
stay ahead of him.
Their had been a few incidences where Ryoko did visit  world city centers. 
One resident galaxy police officer actually believed that they had run the demon 
off their world. But instead of a temple or museum or bank Ryoko attacked a 
grocery mart. Granted their was a lot of collateral damage to other structures 
but the market was the objective.
Not to mention several other opportunities to attack ships and rich worlds but 
it did not.
It was completely contradictory to the demons reputation. It was more like 
chasing a common thug. Granted a thug with a fast ship and enough power to scour 
a planet but still a thug. "What is going on with you Ryoko" Yosho mused to 
himself.
  Yosho was there thinking for only a minute when his attention was directed to 
the lake.
From the depths of the lake came a vision of  beauty that broke the surface of 
the lake.
Water spilled down its nude lithe feminine form and its long hair sparkled from 
the reflected sun that highlighted the vision from behind.
Yoshos mouth went dry and he had to swallow. He was caught off guard and stunned 
by the beautiful vision; till he saw the gleam of red light coming from the 
eyes. "Ryoko"
he whispered to himself as he hunkered down to hide himself more within the 
brush.
Ryoko pulled up from the water a large fishlike creature in her hand and took to 
the air and headed for the campsite.
  Yosho chassend himself for his surprise and lack of emotional control. "Dam 
you Yosho, it could have had you in an instant. You must be more careful."
  Yosho move silently and stelthfully around the lake heading for the campsite 
of Ryokos.
Yosho feared that Ryoko would rather flee again rather than accept a direct 
challenge. So in thinking this he planed on surprising the demon. 
Yosho could see clearly the campsite. He was nearly in position and ready. He 
could see that Ryoko was again dressed and cooking the fish over the campfire. 
Surprisingly to Yosho he saw a small furry creature nearby munching contentedly 
on some green foliage. 
Yosho was slightly taken aback for he never though that a demon of such 
destructive power and a killer of thousands would have a pet.
He was about to jump out of the brush to confront Ryoko when he heard a noise 
from his right. It was a humanoid boy child. He was running trough the woods and 
he started calling "Ryoko, Ryoko!"
Yosho jumped from his concealment and ran after the boy who now was ahead of 
him.
"Boy stop! Stay away from that demon!"
The boy was startled and stopped to look at Yosho.
Ryoko, looking over her shoulder saw the boy and smiled when Yosho jump out of 
the brush. With intake of suprise she teleported right between the boy and 
Yosho.
Yosho stopped up short and ignited the master key as Ryoko appeared in front of 
him.
The two warriors faced off of one another; blades ignited.
"Estabon get out of here" said Ryoko to the child. 
The boy was stunned and open mouthed with shock.  
"Yes, this is no place for you. Run and I'll handle this demon." Said Yosho.
Yosho was intent on Ryoko as he faced it down. It was a kind of a showdown with 
the two combatant watching eachother. Each one looking to the eyes to see the 
slightest movement for action.
To Yoshos surprise Ryokos eyes where different from when they had last set face 
to face.
They where now visible with yellowish-amber irises and the red glow of power was 
dimmer. It glowed only out from the retina's and circled the irises. Plus he 
noticed the slight upturn of the brow when called a demon, as if it was hurt 
from the accusation.
   The boy found his voice and said "No. Ryoko is not a demon. And who do you 
think you are."
  "I am prince Yosho and Ryoko must pay for the crimes and murders it has done."
  "What? Ryoko tell him. Your not a demon you're a forest nymph like you said, 
right?" said estabon with a worried look on his face.
   With a sigh Ryoko spoke with a gentle voice. "Estabon, I'm sorry. I let you 
think that I  was a nymph like you first though. I did not correct you cause I 
wanted to be something else for a while. I wanted to escape my past. I  am 
really a space pirate. The most hated and feared."
  "Is that what all this was about? Said Yosho. "You just wanted to do the 
biggest job of you illustrious carrier and then try to escape? Turn over a new 
leaf and start a new life?
Ha, don't make me laugh. There is no place you can run to. No place that you 
will not be hunted and hated. And you especially cannot run from yourself 
Ryoko."
"Well prince, replyed Ryoko, it certainly seems like there is no requirement t 
for brains in the royal family."
At this point Ryoko struck lightning quick  but Yosho parried the blow and came 
back with a counter swing and a quick jab that Ryoko as well parried. And the 
fight stared in ernest. As they fought Yosho watched as Ryokos power built and 
formed on its face with the claws of power. The combatants parried and jabbed 
dodged and spun in a dance of death.
    Estabon looked on the combatants with a horror stricken red face. He began 
to get very upset and cry as he shouted, "stop it! Stop it, both of you!"
"Ryoko! I don't care if you're a space pirate or a demon, your my friend! Please 
stop!"
At that moment Ryoko tried a double attack with a single handed swing with its 
laser sword and a electric power ball attack. Yosho put up his power shield just 
in time to deflect the attacks that dispersed over it.
Estabons hair was blown back when this happened and the air began to crackle 
with energy. Wisely he retreated at a run to put some distance from the 
combatants.
   It seemed that this put some ease to Ryoko as well, noted Yosho, for it began 
to attack with even more powerful energy attack than before.
The two combatants dance alone the valley floor and along the lake shore. Their 
energy dispersions felled trees and ignited brush as they fought on. The power 
the two combatants used was creating great destruction to the land around them. 
But they continued to battle around the fires and rents in the earth and felled 
trees and other obstacles.


   After many months and expense from various underground contacts Kagato had 
finally gotten the materials for his ship the Soja. In order to get it back to 
full operation.
He was touring his ship thinking on what to do next. He contemplated on trying 
to recreate the Ryoko matrix. But he discard that. It would not have the power 
the last one did plus he detested the thought of retraining another. And 
Professor Washu would not reveal anything to him anyway since her notes where 
all in her perfect recall memory.
Especially if he told her that her precious daughter was dead, he scoffed in his 
mind. 
Perhaps he could look  up an old colleague; Yackage. Maybe he could make a copy 
of his matrix. Assuming that it was worthy of the predecessor.
And then within the thrown room / bridge of his ship. Way over in a corner 
hidden behind a pillar Kagoto saw something that did not belong their. He 
levitated it up to his hand and smiled when he recognized what it was. It was 
the control box that he used to control the stubbornly willful Ryoko matrix. It 
was damaged but only a little for it still worked and it was active.
"Well, well what have we here? And it is still receiving. So, my pet is still 
alive. I wonder where it has gotten off to now?"
He took the device to his shop for repairs and down loaded the months of data. 
To his irritation it appeared that Ryoko was running away.
"Oh how I hate to have to retrieve my property. I see I need to work on this 
piece of trash again on obedience and these pathetic thoughts of freedom."
"I will just place a command override in the download stream and put a buster 
feedback link into the signal and then all I need do is wait for it to come 
crawling back."
Kagoto chucked at himself for him genius in creating the command override system 
in the matrix. Powered and  connected via the power gems within Ryoko.


Yosho was using a lot of power. He was going to start draining his resevers 
soon. He stepped away from combating Ryoko and said, "you have given me a merry 
chase across the galaxy. But I have always wondered why. Why have you always run 
from me Ryoko? I'm staring to get the feeling that your afraid of me."
  "What?!"  "Dream on Yosho, I'm not afraid of nothing!" Replied Ryoko.
  "Oh but you are. You are afraid of something. Or some one."
  "Shut up and fight!" Shouted Ryoko and attacked Yosho with a series of fierce 
blows; knocking Yosho back. 
Yosho put up a power shield and was pushed back with each blow from Ryoko.
And in the midst of the demons furious attack its eyes flashed an brilliant red.
When the blows stopped Yosho looked up at his advisary. Ryoko was levitating in 
front of him stiff and still with the whole of its eyes shining out with red 
power, and its lower lip began to tremble. Then it blew into a furious rage 
shouting, "NOOoo I wont go back! You can't make me!"
Ryoko attacked Yosho again with redoubled furry. Yosho let go the power of the 
master key putting all his energy into his power shield.
He shouted back at the screaming demoness. "Ryoko! What is it? Who is it? Who do 
you fear?!"
Ryokos blows where so powerful that Yosho lost a good ten feet per blow. Plus 
Ryoko was putting all effort into each blow giving  grunts of effort each time.
Yosho new that he was loosing. His power was draining quickly with each blow.
But in the birage of attacks Ryoko answered. "I.Will.Not..GO.Back.TO.
You.KA.GO.TO!!!"
Yosho noticed too late that Ryoko had backed him into a trio of trees where he 
could not escape from. As Ryoko continued its birage it pointed up with one hand 
and fired electric lasers bolts at the trees above. 
Yosho could only protect himself one side and Ryoko wait to the last moment to 
teleport out. Yosho was hit several times with pieces of wood branch and log.
   Through double blurred vision Yosho saw Ryoko hurl its pet into the air and 
watched with amazement as it expanded and formed into the space ship Ryo-Ohki. 
It was a shock and amazing to see but it pailed in comparison to what he saw 
before.
In the midst of Ryokos furious attack it did not wear the face of an enraged 
fierce demon. Instead to Yosho shocked amazement the face of evil that Yosho had 
come to hate was crying. Under the evil gaze of the power red eyes where tears 
streaming down it face. And the face was a mask of horror and fear.
Yosho keyed for Funaho and then ignited the master key to cut  himself out of 
the tangle of tree limbs. Once untangled he was met by the boy Estabon.  
  "Ryoko got away." He said with a smile. He then sobered with Yosho looking at 
him. 
 "Umm.Princess Yosho, Sir. Ryoko really is not so bad."
   "Yes, replied Yosho, I am beginning to realize that."
   "My moma says that I have a gift. That I can see into other peoples hearts, 
and see who they really are."
"Is that so?" Said Yosho.
"Yes, I can see that your not so mean. Your just clouded with hate for what 
Ryoko has done. You're a nice man but you are saddened and troubled. I bet you 
got a lot of pride and dignity, and honor."
"Is that so? Maybe you do have something of a gift. And what of Ryoko?" Asked 
Yosho.
  "She is kinda gruff, but that is just a fence she puts up. She has a dark and 
sad past so she has a lot of defenses that she uses. She is more like me in a 
way. I mean she is like a kid like me. Its hard to explain. I know she is an 
adult and has those superpowers but she only used them around me for having fun. 
Please Princess Yosho, don't judge her too harshly."
Funaho finally arrived and Yosho turned to Estabon one last time. "I must stop 
her still Estabon. She is too powerful to let loose while others have the power 
to control her. Farewell Estabon." 
The Funaho brought Yosho abord and took off after Ryo-Ohki and Ryoko.
Estabon smiled and waved as Yosho left. He had a feeling that something had 
changed in Yosho. Something for the better.
  Yosho stood at the center of his ship and contemplated to himself. < So. 
Kagoto is or was controlling Ryoko. And for all of her power she is still within 
a childlike state of mind. I  have witnessed this as well as confirmed by 
Estabon. This speaks of mental torture perhaps.>
  <I can't think of her as a demon anymore. A thing; a destructive object. 
(sigh)
It would have been much easier to destroy her thinking that way. And now I have 
to kill someone who is as much innocent as she is guilty. >
Yosho sighed again and bowed his head massaging the bridge of his nose between 
the eyes with his fingers. And then he began a little prayer.
"Oh Tsunami, give me strength to see this through. I no longer feel righteous in 
this cause."
The Funaho raced along in Ryo-Ohki's wake trying to catch up to her as the  Ryo-
Ohki headed toward the boundary waters.
 The boundary waters, a strip of space and star systems that skirt along the 
edge of the Jurian empire. Where only geologists, explorers, separationests and 
pirates dwell.
And beyond that the expanse of what is left of the unexplored galaxy.

                                 End of part II



Writers note:  Well this took longer than I thought. I would like an opinion of 
how to end this. I first thought to end it with the death of Ryoko but then I 
thought of a more happy ending at some point after Ryokos resurrection.
I do hope that you are enjoying this. Next time we will see more intrigue and 
the escape of Ayeka and Sasami. And the climax of the Yosho/Ryoko battle and 
what happens after.
Also we will explore Yoshos time on earth.





 
   

   
 
  
 

         
  
