Author's Note: I wanted to come up with a different way to tell the story of

Ryoko's past and her feelings since she is one of my favorite characters.
This is what I came up with.  Thanks for all the letters I got when the
prologe came out.  (No one get made at me for the Mirei thing, I couldn't
help myself) Anyway, Enjoy.
Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Tenchi Muyo characters, so please don't
sue me.

In the Mind of A Pirate
by Ryoko-Himesama

Chapter Two- Dreams and Destiny

Ryoko was standing at the edge of a lake that had a tree in the center if
it.
 Suddenly, a noise behind her made her turn.  Several people stood behind
her.  A boy with black hair, a girl with purple hair in pigtails, a younger
girl with blue hair in pigtails, a blonde wearing a GP uniform, another girl

in a GP uniform and with green hair, and a girl with red hair in her style
holding a baby with indigo hair.  Suddenly, everyone but the red head and
the
little blue haired girl vanished.  The blue haired girl seemed to mature
quickly until she was a young woman.
<Ryoko.> said the woman in her mind. <These people will bring you an
eternity
of peace, love, and happiness that is your just reward for all your years
with Kagato.  With them you will see the return of your daughter and with
them you will find one you are destined to marry.>
The two figures faded and Ryoko awoke with a gasp.
"My daughter? I don't have a daughter." Ryoko thought.  Then the dream began

to fade from her mind and she returned to sleep.

Jurai.  The planet she had been forbidden to approach.  Of course, it didn't

matter now.  Knowing Kagato, the planet would be dust as soon as she had
retrieved Tsunami.  She sighed and continued looking at the planet on the
screen.  Soon she would be there and Kagato would have control and then . .
.she truly wished she wasn't forced to do this.  However, she had no
alternative.  Suddenly, she felt it and knew they had arrived.  Kagato had
taken over.  Wishing not to see this, Ryoko let her spirit exit her body.
She couldn't bare to watch.  The projection remained on board Ryo-ohki and
if
ghosts could cry, she would have.
       An hour later, her possessed body returned to the ship.  "What
happened?" she wondered.  Alarms sounded on Ryo-ohki.  Something must be
chasing them!  Ryoko watch herself command the ship.  She was no judge, but
Kagato seemed worried.
       Ryo-ohki approached Earth and promply crashed into it.  Kagato
steered Ryoko's body outside, but her mind remained inside for a while.
Little did she know that she was missing the greatest battle in hundreds of
years.  She waited paitently for Kagato's victory
       A quick jerk and Ryoko's mind was propelled through the air.  After a

few moments of shock, Ryoko saw why.  She was back in her old body impaled
through the neck.  Kagato seemed to have chickened out, but that didn't
matter.  She would fight to the end.  Suddenly, Ryoko realized her gems were

gone and she was losing energy rapidly.  Ryoko struggled and passed out.
       When Ryoko came to, she couldn't move.  She was being held down by
Funaho's tree branches.  The voice of Ryo-ohki was gone.  Here Ryoko lay for

countless ages.

       About 700 years later . . .
       Ryoko had learned long ago to pass out of her body even when Kagato
wasn't in control.  She had a habit of standing atop the cave and staring at

the scenery, it kept her from going completely insane.  From below, Ryoko
saw
a woman spproach.
"Achika." she mumbled.
Then the woman turned around and a little baby on her back reached toward
Ryoko.
"What's wrong Tenchi, do you see a monster?" asked Achika.

        Years passed and Tenchi visited her cave time and time again.  She
never got tired of watching him.  In this time, Ryoko grew fond of him and
eventually fell in love with him.  She dreamed of a time when she and Tenchi

could be together.  Then, on a sunny day, Tenchi came running up to her cave

with the keys!
       Ryoko felt like flying.  She jumped from the top of the cave and back

into her body to await Tenchi's arrival.  Tenchi walked toward her carrying
the master key.  Embedded in the key were her three gems.  Ryoko reached
upward and grabbed Tenchi's face.  He screamed.  The master key glowed,
pushing her away.  Tenchi ran as fast as he could out of the cave.
       Meanwhile, Ryoko tore free from Funaho and left the cave swearing to
teach Tenchi to run from her.  She followed him to his school.  When he went

to the rooftop and fell asleep, she appeared awaitng his awakening.
