Author's Note: I wanted to come up with a different way to tell the story of

Ryoko's past and her feelings since she is one of my favorite characters.
This is what I came up with.  Thanks for all the letters I got when the
prologe came out.  (No one get made at me for the Mirei thing, I couldn't
help myself) Anyway, Enjoy.
Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Tenchi Muyo characters, so please don't
sue me.

In the Mind of A Pirate
by Ryoko-Himesama

Epiloge- Ayeka's Gift

Ayeka awoke to find Washu standing over her.  Ryoko, still unconcious, was
on
a lab table similar to the one she was on, some feet away.
"I never realized." said Ayeka, "What can I do to make up for it?"
Washu gave her a smirk that made also nervous.
"You can go to Sector Q.  There is a belonging of Ryoko's there that she
hasn't seen in ages.  You can return it to her as a Get-Well present."
"I'll leave right away." said Ayeka.
Washu snapped her fingers and Ayeka's bonds fell away.  She stood and walked

out of the lab.  Then she called Azaka and Kamidake to her side.
"Prepare Ryo-oh! I leave for Sector Q right now!"
"Yes Princess." said the guardians.

One week later . . .
"Where did Ayeka go?" wonder Ryoko, "I'll give her what for when she comes
back for turning her guardians on me.  Suddenly, Ryoko heard a spaceship
approaching the house.
"That must be her." though Ryoko.
       She phased outside.  Ryo-oh landing and Ayeka appeared, holding a
little brown-haired girl by the hand.  The girl looked familar to Ryoko, but

she couldn't quite place her.  At that moment, Washu unsealed an important
portion of her daughter's ( and granddaughter's) memory.
       "Mirei!" cried Ryoko.  She ran forward and scooped her daughter into
her arms.
       Sasami came outside to see what the commotion was.
"Mirei!" cried the little girl as she began to run to her friend.  Ayeka
reached out and grabbed Sasami as she ran past.
"Let's leave them be for now, Sasami." said Ayeka, "You'll have plenty of
time to see your friend later.  She is going to be living with us now.
"Really?" asked Sasami.
Ayeka nodded.
