I do not owe these characters, so no one sue, okay?

Japanese Words:
Nani: What
Oni: Demon
Himesama: Princess

                          In The Mind Of A Pirate
                             by Ryoko-Himesama

                                  Prologue
              "Ryoko, you will get away from Lord Tenchi now."
                             "Try and make me."
 Ayeka growled and called her logs.  Ryoko dodged them and knocked Ayeka to
                                the ground.
        "You lose, Princess." said Ryoko as she began to walk away.
                      "Azaka! Kamidake! Seal her up!"
                                  "NANI?"
  The two guardians appeared beside Ryoko and held her in a force shield.
                Ayeka calmly stood and walked toward Ryoko.
                      "I have had enough of you, Oni."
   From nowhere, Tenchiken appeared in Ayeka's hand.  She slammed it onto
Ryoko's shoulder and Ryoko screamed. The screams alerted Tenchi, Sasami, and

 Washu who ran out to assist Ryoko.  Sasami pulled tenchiken out of Ayeka's
 grasp.  Tenchi led Ayeka away from Ryoko while Washu carried her daughter
                               into her lab.
 "Oh and Tenchi, I would like to see Ayeka in my lab in one hour.  See that
                                    she
                                gets there."
                             "Hai, Washu-chan."

                            One hour later . . .
                      "Washu let me out of here now!"
 "Gomen, Ayeka-himesama, but you've harmed my daughter for the last time."
                                  "Nani?"
                      A screen appeared before Ayeka.
                   "Look at what Ryoko has done for you."
                 The screen showed the battle with Kagato.
        "Why do you think Ryoko used such weak power when she was able to
                          nearly demolish Jurai?"
     For the first time, Ayeka realized she had no idea Ryoko had acted so
 weak then.  She herself had seen her use much stronger attacks during the
                              battle on Jurai.
                       "I'll show you why, Himesama."
 The screen enlarged to show Ayeka laying unconcious on the floor of Soja.
   "If Ryoko had unleashed her full powers, you wouldn't be here today."
                                 "I . . ."
                              "Remember this?"
        The scene showed a thousand stone fragments falling toward Ayeka in
the same battle.  Suddenly, Ryoko appeared behind her and dragged her to her

                      feet, then phased her to safety.
                       Ayeka stood there speechless.
 "And know, Lady Ayeka, I shall send you into Ryoko's mind and past.  I pray

                            you come back sane."
                        "What do you mean by that?"
 "Do you think 1,300 years as Kagato's slave and 700 in a cave were a piece
         of cake, Ayeka.  For if you do, you are gravely mistaken."
                      "This is hardy called for . . ."
"Think of it as redeeming yourself for all you've done to my daugher.  Just
 remember, in YOU will be RYOKO while inside her mind and not a 3rd party."
  Ayeka was about to protest, but Washu lifted her hand and the world went
                                   blank.
She drifted into conciousness to see a man with grey hair and yellow eyes.
                   One she would come to know as Kagato.

          I will not finish this story unless I get good feedback!
