				Inevitabilities

		A Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fic by Keiichi Masaki
			(keiichi_masaki@hotmail.com)

		
	Tenchi and company are the property of Pioneer and AIC--but
then, you should already know that.

	The newscaster shuffles her papers, realizes that she’s on the air,
and looks up.  “Oh!  This is Rika Yoshihara, Galactic News Network.  The
top story of the day....”  She hits a key and the holo of a young,
dark-haired man with dark eyes and a quirky grin on his face, appears
behind her.  “....Tenchi Masaki, the primary heir to the throne of Jurai,
was crowned as Emperor today on Jurai.  This sudden move was prompted
by the still-unexplained death of the previous Emperor, Azusa, in a freak
snowmobile accident (okay, you guys come up with something better!).” 
She smiles.  “The Galaxy Police is still investigating, but as yet there is no
indication that this was an act of foul play.”
	Another key is touched, and the image of Tenchi is replaced by
those of six beautiful young women (here it comes....).  “Perhaps the
strangest thing about Lord Tenchi’s coronation is the number of
Empresses he has.  Six, more than any monarch in any government’s
history....”

		*		*		*		*	
	*

	“Lord Tenchi?”  Azaka edges open the door to his Emperor’s
bedchamber.  “Lord Tenchi. it’s time to--oh, not again....”
	There is a large pile on the bed, not of sheets or pillows, but of
women.  The one on top of the pile this morning is Washu, wearing an
oversized Bugs Bunny nightshirt.  	She reluctantly opens one eye, sees
the blue-marked upright log floating in the doorway, and pushes herself
off the pile.  “Morning already?”  She nudges the girl right below her, a
teddy-clad Ryoko.  “Wake up, Ryoko dear.  It’s morning.”
	Grumbling, Ryoko rolls off onto the bed, to reveal Ayeka in a
pajama top and boxers.  She drags her enemy/friend/fellow wife onto the
bed also.  “Come on, stupid empress!  Y’ can’t stay in bed all day....”
	Mihoshi, in bikini panties and a bra, sits up and yawns.  “Good
morning!  I got a good night’s sleep!”  She looks down at the last two
girls, the bottom of the pile and the closest to Tenchi: Kiyone, in short
green shorts and a tank top, and Tsunami, in a very un-goddess-like
nightie.  They are curled up on either side of Tenchi, and are still dozing. 
“Oh, how sweet!”
	Come to think of it, so is Tenchi.
	Ayeka huffs.  “How come those two always manage to stay closest
to Tenchi?”
	As the royal family starts to slowly awaken, Azaka turns to regard
his red-marked partner, who comes floating up the hall.  “They’re up.”
	Kamidake sighs, as well as a guradian can sigh.  “And he thought
it would be easier if he just married all of them....”


				The End


	AUTHOR:  Don’t give me those looks!  This is probably the only
solution that would come close to satisfying everyone!  This is something
I came up with on a break between classes, and it took me only 25
minutes to write.  So sue me.  Or, rather, mail me with your opinions.  The
E-mail address is at the top.

				--Keiichi Masaki

	“I am the one you think I am.”
		--Katsuhito “Yosho” Masaki