For starters, I don’t own any of the characters on this
fanfic, which is pretty obvious seeing as how this is a Fan
Fiction and I’d have to be a fan of somebody’s work to make a
fiction out of it, don’t you think?
Anyway, the name of the person who actually creates this
series eludes me right now and the name of the company who bought
the man out eludes me also.  The illustrators’ and writers’ names
elude me also, though I think that they’re either Chinese or
Japanese.  Some maybe Korean and some are American, but that’s
pretty trivial so let’s move on.
I don’t know if this series is confusing to any of you, and
if it is, you either haven’t seen the videos or you don’t
understand my organization style.  You may be stupid or retarded,
but I won’t hold that against you so let’s move on.
The organization style of this is after the Universe series
(TV series, first one).  If you haven’t seen it, turn back now. 
Some of you may remember another Infinity series dealing with the
OAV series, but that has nothing to do with my series beside
that’s where I got the name from.  Understand?  Good, let’s move
on.
If you don’t know the exact story of the Universe Series by
heart, I’ll try to explain it to you.  A boy named Tenchi is
minding his own business when (um, let’s see, one, two, three,
four, . . .) five women and a cabbit (little fuzzy thing a majig
that turns into a huge spaceship) come down from space and move
in with him.
His family (grandpa and father) don’t mind the company, and
pretty soon, they’re going on crazy adventures, much like a cross
between the Hardy Boys and the Brady Bunch, with a little
Twilight Zone thrown in for fun.  Pretty soon, they get into
trouble with the Space Police (called something else although the
name eludes me right now) and they go on adventures in space. 
They eventually decide to go and kill this guy named Kagato, who
is apparently this really mean guy.  They succeed and everyone
goes their separate ways.
One more thing.  On and off through the series, a rather
bitchy bounty hunter is tracking them, trying to kill this other
bitchy woman named Ryoko, who happens to be in their party.  Get
it?  Ok, let’s move on.
I also put in references to another Series of Tenchi
wackiness called the Movie Universe.  The story involves the same
wacky crew (Aeka, Tenchi, Ryoko, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Ryo-oki,
Katsuhito, Nobiyuki, and Sasami).  I make reference to the movie
Tenchi in Love (a title which in my opinion doesn’t aptly
describe the movie at all, but that’s another story),
specifically the part where they have to face a being of
inter-gallactic destruction named Kain.  He’s a real bad-ass, and
they have a lot of trouble with him, but evetually they defeat
him.  So let’s move on.
This series starts after the last episode of Tenchi Universe
but before the last Tenchi monologue (remember that???).  I have
included a few characters of my own and everyone is welcome to
use them at their own free will.  If you make any money off of
them, I would like a cut and do think I’m entitled to it, but
since that’s terribly unlikely, let’s move on.
Did I confuse you?  If so, then I’ve at least accomplished
something.  You see, now you are feeling inferior to me because I
typed all of this in under ten minutes, and you can’t type worth
diddly squat and also have a hard time fiddling with that mouse
thing.  If you can type faster than me, I will thank you to shut
up and read the fic and not brag about your lowsy fast typing. 
But since this has nothing to do with anything (and it is a
little rude) I will end this, so let’s move on.
Right now, I’m just typing anything that comes to mind,
trying to fill up a little space.  So buzzle butt behind bigger. 
Teeny tiny tickle me Elmo.  Rosy Ruddy Redder Ranting.  Mummby
pummby mazzlegeegook.  That was a little weird, so I’ll stop
that.  Let’s move on.
To the series I mean.  Enjoy!