     Chapter 1
        Nagi


     Nagi sat cross-legged in her pilot's chair on the bridge of the ship 
Ken-Oki.  She dozed in and out of consciousness regularly on her week-long 
scan around the galaxy.  She had recently picked up a tip from a drug 
smuggler in the far reaches of the Jurain empire who had said that he had 
heard of a sighting of the ship Ryo-Oki around course sector seventeen.  
Course sector seventeen was deserted and planet-less, a local smuggling 
hide for the Jurain illegal drug distribution.  Nagi was almost a hundred 
percent sure that the scum was lying his ass off, trying to save his own 
worthless skin, but she had to check it out anyway.  She had dumped the 
smuggler at the local dump, dismantling his ship as she left, leaving him 
for the cops to stumble upon later.  She had put the thug out of business 
out of the kindness of her heart for the Jurain empire, but still wanted 
nothing more than Ryoko's head.  In her hurry, she did not even bother 
collecting the bounty for him.
     Now that Aeka had taken over the high seat at the Jurain council, 
crime had started to decrease, which had come as part of Kagato's (the fake 
Yosho's) tyrannic rule.  Ryoko, however, had apparently fallen off the face 
of the galaxy, disappearing into the blackness of space.  Nagi had checked 
out Earth seven times after the fall of Kagato but had found only the Masaki 
family on her visits.  She had questioned the boy Tenchi on all occasions.  
He told her nothing of importance, saying that he suspected she was most 
likely dead.  Nagi didn't think the kid was lying, but she didn't believe 
for a second that Ryoko was dead.
     Nagi could feel Ryoko's existence in her gut, feel it coursing through 
her veins, mocking her very existence and ever-lasting pursuit.  She would 
not give up, however.  She would kidnap the boy again if it came to that, 
although she didn't expect it would.  The boy had proven himself a warrior 
and Nagi could respect that, but she wasn't afraid of him.  No more than 
she had been when she had done it the first time.  He was much more than a 
sniveling little unpowered earthling, but he was still nothing more than a 
boy.
     Ryoko was gone; hiding, not dead.  She was hiding because she knew 
that Nagi was on her trail.  Perhaps she was hiding in course sector 
seventeen, perhaps in thirty-three.  But wherever she was, she couldn't 
hide forever.
     Unless she was dead.  But she couldn't be dead.  She couldn't!
     What would Nagi do then?
     Mourn her, she supposed.  She then cursed herself for such a thought.

     Nagi arrived at course sector seventeen only a few hours later.  It 
was deserted, as she suspected, except for one lone ship sitting idly in 
space.  The ship wasn't Ryo-oki, but the driver might know something.  Nagi 
approached the ship carefully, ready to take chase whenever it presented 
necessary.  The ship did not move, however.  Nagi at first suspected the 
ship to be damaged, but it did not look damaged.
     She drew close, into boarding range, and yelled for Ken-Oki to give 
chase and stop the ship if it tried to flee.  Nagi doubted it would come to 
that, but it was best to be careful.
     Nagi boarded the ship through her Ship-to-Ship-Teleporter and entered 
the vehicle's pilot's chamber in a flash of red light.
     Inside the ship, the room was pitch black darkness.  Nagi's pupils 
were wide in the dark, straining against it.  Her ears were also strained, 
listening for the slightest sound or creek in the ship.  Her sword was at 
her side, poised for action.
     She held the sword up over her head and flipped the switch at its 
base, giving it power.  The tip glowed a fierce red color, illuminating 
part of the room.
     The room's walls were painted black, along with its navigational 
instruments also black.   The whole room was as black as night.  It was 
hard to distinguish the different objects against the color.
     She looked around swiftly, searching for anyone crouched in a corner, 
or possibly behind her, ready to strike.  There was no one.  She passed the 
sword along the walls until she found a closed door, black in uniform with 
the rest of the room.  The door wasn't automatic and there didn't look to 
be any power in the ship.
     But why would the oxygen be on then, she wondered.  Her oxygen mask 
was programmed to attach itself around her head in the absence of breathable 
air, but it had not done so yet.  That meant that someone was supplying this 
ship with oxygen, someone using this ship, perhaps living in this ship, 
asleep or alert in the darkness.
     The lack of electricity hardly mattered anyway.  She simply sliced 
the door down the middle with her sword.  The weapon was useful in so many 
ways, she marveled.
     After the simple work of dismantling the door completely, she passed 
into the bridge, which lay barren as the other room.  No ships or living 
beings were in the large storage room, and the large chamber looked to take 
up a good ninety percent of the craft.  Perhaps the pilot was out, she 
thought, but doubted it.  If the pilot had a way of leaving, why keep this 
ship here in the middle of a deserted sector, why bring it oxygen when you 
can easily leave the place?  Unless you were hiding out, and course sector 
seventeen was the perfect hideout place.  Nagi continued her search.
     The next room was the living area, the smell of rotting food filling 
the stale air.  The lack of electricity halted the refrigeration units and 
spoiled the food.  This presented another question: if someone (or something)
was living here and supplying oxygen, why let the food rot?  Why not dispose 
of it in space?
     The living area was also deserted, except for the food, and that left 
only one more room in the ship, Nagi suspected.  The ship didn't look large 
enough from the outside to hold more than one more room.
     Nagi opened the door, her sword shining full force, as bright as a 
yellow fireball.  She jumped, poised for any attack, for this was certainly 
all or nothing . . . and fell off the edge of the doorway and into a large 
black pit.  Nagi gave out a small yelp as she plummeted through the 
darkness, head over heels.
     She fell for what seemed like hours, her heart doing flips as her 
body did them in the opposite direction.  She gave out a yelp and clenched 
for certain impact, seconds before she landed with a metallic thud, on her 
rear.  Nagi winced at the pain, clutching her butt for support, and looked 
around herself.
     The room was awesomely huge, impossible to have come from the skinny 
little ship she had seen from outside.  To her right, left, and back, 
darkness seemed to stretch on for miles and miles.  But to her front, a 
gigantic computer system bleeped and whizzed, illuminating many meters of 
the huge room.  The system was covered with blinking red, green, and blue 
lights of all shapes and sizes.  Levers and buttons covered the surface 
from the floor to the very top, which was a good ten feet off the ground.
     Nagi marveled at the mammoth machine before realizing her sword 
wasn't in her hand.  She gasped and looked around herself furiously, 
searching for her much needed weapon.  Then she heard a sound, high and ear 
piercing that she recognized all too much.
     "Who's the greatest genius in the universe?!" it sang into the 
blackness.
     "You are!" a tiny voice answered.
     "Yes, you are!" another tiny voice called.
     Now Nagi noticed a small chair before the machine, an insect before 
the awesome computer.  The chair was facing the other direction, towards 
the glowing mechanical god, and Nagi knew oh so certainly who resided in 
that seat.
     The person had been president of the Science Academy before being 
impeached for building a machine that could destroy the universe, and 
finally thrown out altogether.  She had, hundreds of years ago, created a 
machine that could manufacture planets and cause universal chaos.  She had, 
on a whim, thought up the theorems and postulates that had revolutionized 
the galaxy's geometric understanding.
     So this was where Washu had been hiding all those weeks.
     Now Nagi needed her sword more than ever.  She had never crossed 
talons with Washu before, and certainly had no desire to now.  But she 
needed to know where Ryoko was hiding.  Washu was almost sure to have that 
information.
     Finally Nagi noticed her sword sitting in the darkness to her left 
just a few feet from where she sat, a large scratch on its side from the 
fall.  She crawled quickly towards it and snatched it off the ground, sending 
a small echo through the endless black during a split second of silence in 
the place.
     "Who's there?!" a high pitched, nasal voice shouted from the little 
chair in front of the machine.  The chair flew around and presented a small 
figure practically invisible in the dark, with the only distinguishable 
feature visible being her humongous, wild, red hair.  But, by the time Washu 
had turned around, Nagi was on her feet.
     Nagi stood in a fighter's position, ready for action, her body, 
covered with black spandex from her uniform, heaving up and down as her 
breath quickened.  Nagi, the universe's most ruthless and powerful bounty 
hunter, had faced powerful beings before, Ryoko to name just one.  But this 
was Washu, quite possibly the greatest scientific genius in the universe.  
Nagi supposed that no one she had faced, even Ryoko, could stand up to 
Washu.  She wondered if she herself could hope to stand up to this mad 
scientist.
     "Who is it?!" Washu yelled.
     Nagi kept silent.  She didn't know how Washu felt about her exactly, 
but if it was bad, Nagi was as good as dead.
     Suddenly a small, transparent keyboard flashed in front of Washu, 
invisible except for the keys which blinked in all colors.  The scientist 
typed furiously on the keyboard, looking in all directions.  Apparently she 
didn't see Nagi, probably because of her black uniform, but Washu didn't 
need to see you to kill you.
     Suddenly, laser bolts shot out of the darkness, going in all 
directions, one nearly tearing Nagi's nose off.  The lasers shots were 
ferociously how, glowing red, originating form darkness and disappearing 
back into darkness.  Nagi lunged into the air as three bolts made their way 
out of the black towards her.  She did a somersault in mid-air and landed 
with an echoing step on the steel floor.
     Washu immediately looked toward her, staring in the blackness, 
unknowingly straight at her target, and sent about thirty to fifty bolts 
streaming at her prey.  Nagi leaped into the air again, forming her leap 
into a jumpkick, aiming her leg straight for Washu as she fired towards the 
scientist.  The little scientist let out a small oof as Nagi's foot conceded 
with her stomach.  She vaulted backward, towards the machine, slamming her 
back into a colony of buttons and levers.  Stars circled in and out of her 
line of sight as she struggled to regain the breath which had been knocked 
out of her by the kick.  As she regained sight, she saw that her bolts were 
still working, blasting all over the place.  And, in between blasts, she saw 
a black figure, leaping like an acrobat into the air, swimming through the 
blackness to avoid the bolts.
     Washu regained her footing and the keyboard reappeared in front of 
her.  She typed on the keys furiously, quickening the blasts, determined to 
put down this intruder.  What she didn't notice was that the intruder saw 
the keyboard appear again.  Nagi had made the mistake once of 
underestimating that keyboard.  She would not make it again.  The bounty 
hunter leaped again towards Washu, sword outstretched, power turned on all 
the way, and as she came down, Washu finally saw clearly her adversary, 
recognizing her almost at once.  As the intruder sliced through her keyboard,
turning it into two equal halves of sparking, jumbled, electronic mass, Washu
understood clearly that it was Nagi who had paid her a visit in this 
abandoned region of space.
     Washu stared wide-eyed for a moment, which was all Nagi needed to 
connect a kick across her head, knocking her into the air and landing with 
a thud in the darkness on the hard steel floor.  The blasts immediately 
halted.  Washu lay flat on her face, hurt bad by the kick, but not hurt bad 
enough to summon her spare keyboard, however.  She always kept a spare.  
Nagi did not see the keyboard as she advanced, sure in her victory, and did 
not see Washu type a single key on the keyboard.  Nagi only saw when a red, 
glowing cage engulfed her where she stood.
     Nagi, furious, lunged at the glowing red bars.  She got a nasty shock 
as a thousand volts invaded her body and sent her flying back to the center 
of the cage, however.
     Washu was sitting up now, smiling, a large bruise on the side of her 
forehead.  She punched three more buttons, sending long, glowing red cords 
out of the ceiling of the cage, wrapping around her adversary.  Nagi 
screamed as an additional unbearable shock invaded her body.  Her hands 
were forced open by the jolt, sending her sword flying out of her hands and 
through the cage bars.  Nagi's other weapon, the electro-whip, was 
unattached from her belt as Washu punched a few more buttons, and carried 
away by another red cord.
     Nagi was finally released, falling to the ground, her uniform burned 
through where the cords had wrapped around her, showing nasty burn marks on 
her exposed sides and arms.
     "What do you want, Nagi?" Washu asked, holding her head in pain.
     "You," Nagi wheezed, "know what I'm after."
     "So you're still after Ryoko?" Washu laughed.  It hurt to laugh but 
she couldn't help it.  It felt good too.
     "Sh-Shut up."
     "Sorry.  It's just that you don't even know that Ryoko died."
     "WHAT?!!" Nagi screamed, sitting straight, unmindful of her burns.
     "Yeah.  Died helping Tenchi get to Kagato, you remember."
     "YOU LIER!!"
     "I never lie.  I have no need to.  But don't worry.  She's alive now."
     "What?!!" Nagi went limp again, clutching her sides.
     "Yep.  She should be by now, anyways.  Ryo-oki came to me one night, 
meowing her head off, dumping Ryoko's corpse on my stoop at the academy.  
I'm a genius and all, but I can't raise the dead.  But I did know someone 
who could."
     "Huh?"
     "Well, let me explain.  A few years ago, actually I guess it would be 
over seven-hundred years ago, factoring in my imprisonment and all, I met 
the Jurain warrior Yosho one day rather on accident.  You see, I was walking 
through the streets of Jurai, just coming up with the idea of the spectral 
cannon, a rather historic moment I must say, and I saw a parade coming down 
the streets.  The parade was filled with elephants and weird animals and 
people of all shapes and sizes, and along came the chariot carrying the 
emperor of Jurai.  I was figuring which parts I would need for my new 
invention, when I realized that the seismograph industrionator located in 
the royal industry was something I desperately needed to make my new 
achievement come true.  Now, the industry was severely guarded at the time, 
commanding these forces being a warrior named Yosho."
     "That boy's grandfather."
     "Ah, you remember.  Yes, Tenchi's grandfather, Katsuhito, is the old 
dog himself.  Very good of you to remember that."
     Nagi snorted and rubbed her burns absently.
     "Well, anyway.  I was thinking of a way to get in there when the 
emperor was passing.  The greatest scientific genius in the universe I may 
be now, but back then I was perhaps only in the top twenty, lacking these 
marvelous creations which so efficiently stopped you, my dear bounty 
hunter."
     "Efficiently?!" Nagi laughed.  "It took you nearly a whole platoon of 
those lasers to even try to wind me.  And then this cage is way too sneaky 
of a parlor trick."
     "Believe me, Nagi.  You have seen just a smidgen of my inventions.  
Now , would you like me to proceed or not?  I am a genius, you know.  I can 
tell you're thoroughly interested."
     Nagi snorted again and nodded.
     "As I was saying, I lacked these little tidbits, and needed another 
way to get that machine since the door was locked.  Just then I looked up 
to the emperor and saw that he had a ring of keys connected to his belt, so 
I took the liberty of filching them using a device I did have, a strong 
magnet that attracted whatever metal I wanted it to.  The metal was 
tentanium asphrodite, I knew, so it was no problem getting the keys.  I must 
say it was a shock to a few to see a floating ring of keys flying around, 
but the important thing was that the emperor didn't see anything.
     "Then I made my way off to the industry, deciding to take out their 
leader, Yosho, first and foremost.  The rest were sure to fall easily enough 
without their leader, and it would be done at the hands, or should I say 
cords, of an invention I had invented recently: the Spider-Stalker.
     "The Spider Stalker is a machine that looks rather like a spider, 
talons for legs and laser shooters for eyes.  It was marvelous, naturally 
since I invented it, but marvelous nonetheless.  I set the monster out with 
instructions to put down Yosho and then the rest of lackeys, and the 
mechanical spider swooped up and grabbed Yosho rather easily with its wires. 
It was truly marvelous.  Anyway, I had underestimated Yosho, a habit I have 
quickly remedied in my older years.  The warrior broke free of the machine 
with a cosmic force field of Jurain power.  The machine was crippled, but not 
beaten.  It had to defend itself, of course, and was intelligent enough to 
understand Yosho as a larger threat than I had realized.
     "Anyways, to make a long story short, while I was getting my much 
needed part, my Spider Stalker struck Yosho in the head with a stray blast 
and killed him, rather on accident.  When I came out, I was rather shocked 
at the outcome.  Yosho was dead, which hardly was a shock, but the other 
cronies had succeeded in putting down my invention.  I made my escape from 
the premises before anyone found me, and stored the part.
     "Yosho, meanwhile, was pronounced legally dead in that hour.  The king, 
obviously displeased by these turns of events, ordered a man by the name of 
Azusa to revive the fallen warrior.  This wasn't all broadcast on the news, 
which was rather primitive back then, and I had to use special eavesdropping 
devices to find this out.  I was curious.  Anyways, apparently the man 
succeeded and Yosho was revived."
     "My God," Nagi croaked in disbelief.
     "Yes, my God indeed.  Anyway, I do hope that old man taught someone 
how to raise the dead.  I've grown rather fond of that girl's impudence.  
In a strange sort of way."
     Nagi, utterly confused, looked around her surroundings.  "What about 
me?" she asked.
     "You?" Washu thought for a bit.  "Haven't really given it much 
thought.  I guess you would stay here as my prisoner."
     "What?!!" Nagi yelled, jumping to her feet.
     "That would be the most logical course of action, don't you think?" a 
wide smile was spreading over her face as she talked, all too aware of her 
brilliance.
     "I wouldn't be smiling if I were you!" Nagi yelled.  "In about two 
shakes of a second-"
     "Oh.  Are you referring to Ken-Oki coming to save you?  I took care 
of him."  Washu waved her hand towards the machine, it whirring and purring 
in absent recognition.  Suddenly a cage appeared in front of the machine, 
floating just above the chair.  In it Ken-Oki meowed furiously.
     Nagi's mouth dropped open in an expression of disbelief and horror.
     "Impressed?" Washu smiled.
     "YOU BITCH!!!" Nagi yelled furiously.
     "Oh, don't be swore."  Washu waved a hand, making the cabbit and cage 
disappear with a few bleeps from the computer.  "You'll like it as a water 
sprite, I'm sure."
     Nagi screamed in fury.  "YOU-"  Her screams turned into squawks as her 
body transformed instantaneously into the small green form of a duck-billed 
water sprite.  The sprite glared up at Washu, for maybe the first time 
looking up at the small scientist.
     Washu laughed, sending thunder into Nagi's ears.  The all too 
familiar puppets flipped up at her shoulders and shouted praises.  The 
puppets usually high voices were now booming through the air in not 
annoying sounds, but thunderous crashes.  Washu stared down at the water 
sprite, giggling maniacally.  "Don't you look cute?" she boomed.  The two 
puppets piped at her shoulders, singing joyous rhymes, praising her 
wittiness.  "Washu, Washu is so funny," one screamed.  "That you can't help 
but laugh with her, honey!"
     Washu and the puppets laughed in unison.  They boomed for many 
seconds, almost falling over in laughter.  "How do you like-" Washu said 
down towards the sprite before realizing it was gone.  "What?!" she 
screeched  She searched around the cage, finding nothing but steel floor 
and glowing bars.  Then she noticed that the bars were placed rather far 
apart.  "Ahh!" she cried as she realized a water sprite could easily have 
squeaked through the bars without touching.
     Washu stomped her foot, signaling to the computer to get rid of the 
useless cage.  The cage evaporated in the air instantaneously, being 
shipped off to a parallel dimension the scientist used for storage space.  
Washu searched the ground, panning for the sprite.  "Where are you, Nagi?!"
     She then heard a little squeak from her right.  She looked and saw 
the sprite struggling to lift the sword her human self had dropped.  "There 
you are!" Washu boomed.  Washu flicked her fingers, summoning an electrical 
beam from the computer.  The sprite squeaked in fright and dodged quickly.
     Washu snapped her fingers wildly, firing a line of bolts at the little 
creature.  The sprite dodged easily enough, vaulting into the air with as 
much grace as her human self.  Getting unnerved, the scientist snapped more 
wildly, firing more bolts in her frustration, using two hands to command the 
machine.  Suddenly, Nagi jumped with powerful force, flapping her flippers 
into the air as she landed on top of the computer.
     Washu screeched for the computer to stop firing the blasts, but not 
before the machine destroyed itself in a last potshot at the sprite.  Nagi 
jumping out of the way of the blast with ease, avoided the destruction as 
parts of the mammoth computer were strewn everywhere.  The sprite turned 
back to human form in mid-leap, landing her on her rump, bruising her butt 
again.
     Washu screamed at the machine in horror, unnoticing of Nagi leaping 
for her sword.  She was unaware that her adversary had turned back to human 
form until the handle part of the orb sword came down on top of her head.  
Washu went out for the count.  Suddenly things started appearing out of 
nowhere in front of the machine.  Ryo-oki dolls, crab labeled bags and 
boxes, almost anything and everything appeared, flooding the endless room.  
Finally Ken-Oki appeared, cage and all, landing with a crash on the floor as 
the cage splintered into a million pieces.
     Nagi snatched up her other fallen weapon and screamed for the cabbit 
to get them out of there.  Ken-Oki leaped into the air, expanding and 
solidifying into its ship shape, bursting out of the ship as the dimensional 
portal set up by Washu closed, putting them into the bathroom of the small 
ship.  Ken-Oki burst through the ships hull, making it implode in a wake of 
fire and destruction.

     On board the ship Ken-Oki, Nagi nursed her burn marks, touching them 
with a rag soaked with a herbal solution she had acquired from the primitive 
planet Hashinto in the course sector twenty-three some time ago.
     Washu lay unconscious in the bathroom of the cabbit ship, her new cell 
for the time being.  Nagi had located the call switch strapped to the 
scientist's wrist which summoned the keyboard that had caused so much grief 
on the now destroyed ship, and had put it away it.  Nagi had then ordered 
Ken-Oki to make its way towards Jurai.
     Nagi then laid down in her chambers for a nap.  It would be hours 
before they reached Jurai itself, and she would need her rest for when 
Washu woke up.  The scientist was liable to scream her head off for days, 
and with her high nasal voice, Nagi couldn't take much of her bawling.  She 
would have plenty of time for a long doze and a bath before they reached 
Jurai.
