     Chapter 2
      Ryoko and Aeka

     "Absolutely not!!" Aeka screamed as she burst down the hall of the 
castle, away from the protesting meows of Ryo-Oki and the cries of her 
sister, Sasami.  "About time that witch died anyway."
     "But Aeka!" Sasami yelled after her, "It would be the noble thing to 
do!"
     "Noble?!  HA!!  The noble thing would be to dismember her completely 
so no one could revive that witch!"
     "Aeka!  You don't understand what she did for you!" Sasami protested.  
Ryo-Oki meowed in agreement.
     "For me?!!" Aeka laughed as she stormed away.  "I understand what that 
woman did to me, sister!  The way she taunted and stole and flirted with my 
one true love!  Yes, Sasami!  I understand what she did for me!  She taught 
me that Ryoko is a dirty bitch of a -" Aeka gasped at herself.  "Now look 
what she has me doing!  Cursing!!  ME!! A princess of the largest empire in 
the universe!  CURSING!!!"
     "But Aeka!" Sasami ran after her sister.  "She saved you!"
     "From what, Sasami?!  Saved me from what?!" Aeka shouted, turning to 
meet her sister's pleading gaze.
     "Kagato."
     Aeka's furious expression faltered for a moment.  "What are you 
talking about?" she asked, turning away.
     "She took Tenchi to you when you were Kagato's prisoner."
     "No she didn't," Aeka shook her head violently.  "You must be 
mistaken."
     "No, my princess," a shaky voice came from the shadows of the hall.  
Both sisters turned their gaze to a dark figure standing a few meters away.  
Then, out of the darkness, Kamadaki strode towards his two masters.  It was 
the human Kamadaki.  His knees were shaking and his heart was beating 
extremely quickly.  "Ryoko did that very thing," he said with a quiver in 
his voice.  He was never good at confronting authority.
     "No!  She wouldn't do that!" Aeka screamed.
     "I sincerely beg your majesty's pardon, but I do believe she 
sacrificed herself saving you."
     "What?!" Aeka nearly laughed.  "Me?!  Ryoko save me?!!"  Now she did 
laugh, hysterically.  It was a screechy laugh, high and maniacal, one which 
she had used when she had almost killed herself, Ryoko, and Tenchi, that 
first day on Earth.
     "Sorry to interrupt you, my liege, but she did," Kamadaki tentatively 
interrupted.  "Would you like me to explain?"
     "There's nothing to explain!  That tyrant would never sacrifice 
herself for me!!" Aeka screamed, and started to run off, before Kamadaki 
caught her by her arm.  Both stood there in astonishment, Kamadaki looking 
down at his hand and Aeka looking in Kamadaki's eyes, searching for any mark 
of betrayal.  She found none.
     He immediately let go, looking at Aeka in utter fear, uttering a 
small, timid apology.  "I'm sorry, princess Aeka, but you are being ennoble." 
It was almost torture to speak that way to his master.
     Aeka stared at the guardian, the knight, the ancient warrior, one who 
had destroyed nation after nation, one who had personally protected the 
Jurain family for hundreds of years, one who was as old as the empire 
itself, who had given his life for the empire first when he had pledged 
loyalty to the emperor, again when he sealed himself in sleep to be 
awakened in times of trouble, and last when he had awakened, one who now 
looked apologetic and a trifle pathetic, not meeting his master's eyes.  
That was when Aeka realized that she was the one being a bitch, not Ryoko, 
for not listening to this warrior when he obviously was trying to tell her 
something.  She knew that she should take to heart what he had to say and 
not toss it away.  "I should be the one apologizing to you, Kamadaki.  By 
all means speak.  I will not interrupt."
     The knight's eyes lit up at once, his face joyful.  He then turned 
automatically serious; this wasn't a time for joy.  "Ryoko did indeed give 
me, Tenchi, and Azaka passage to the Jurain palace.  When last I saw her, 
she had a terrible wound from battling Kagato the first time, unable to 
fight back, as ferocious as she could be, at the wound.  She bled for two 
days straight, my princess.  Magical wounds can not be closed as easily as 
regular wounds, your majesty, and Kagato had powerful magic.  Nagi had also 
confronted us that day.  Ryoko had tried to face her, but was easily taken 
down by the bounty hunter.  Even Nagi, whom seemed to me as the most 
ruthless person I'd ever met, just judging by sheer presence, couldn't take 
Ryoko because of how pitiful she was.  Ryoko was too badly injured to even 
move without bleeding, but she agreed to fight for your life."
     "Why?" Aeka asked in disbelief.
     "For Master Tenchi, I would suspect."
     "I knew it."
     "Be that as it may, my lord, she did save your life.  I have never 
seen someone fight with the courage and compassion she did that day.  She 
was like an army of fighters, battling, swerving the ship Ryo-Oki 
as if there was no pain at all."
     Ryo-Oki gave a meow of agreement at this.
     "Yes, my young cabbit.  Once she even exited the ship to destroy the 
protective barrier of laser balls surrounding the planet.  I don't know 
what happened then, but when she came out, the balls were destroyed and her 
wound had taken over her whole side.  No one I have ever seen, myself and 
Azaka included, could have fought with such heart and compassion.  And to 
see how she looked, bloody and on the verge of tears, which are not spilled 
easily by that girl you know, has haunted me til now.  I have wondered these
past days if that woman survived.  Now that I hear that she is dead!  Why 
that just eats me up inside, how such a brave woman could die in pure 
misery and loneliness as she did and not regret a second.  I for one will 
not have it, your majesty.  I will do everything in my power except 
outright betrayal of the government to see that she is dealt with in a just 
manner, given her life back as she so selflessly gave it, not only for you 
and Tenchi, but for the whole universe.  That woman is a hero, Princess 
Aeka.  Please treat a hero with compassion."
     "Here here!" another voice from the shadows called, this one much 
older sounding.  The voice was choked and filled with pride.  "Well done, 
my boy."
     "Thank you, Azaka."
     The old warrior stepped out of the shadows, clapping his hands and 
smiling at his younger counter-part.  "Very well done.  You should listen 
to him, Aeka.  He has become very wise in his old age."
     Aeka bowed to the two warriors.  "I suppose I have no choice.  I, as 
the princess of Jurai, must by all means do the noble thing.  But I can not 
promise that the council will agree with you, as I do."
     "What do you mean, the council, Aeka?" Sasami asked.
     "You overestimate my power, Sasami.  An order of this magnitude must 
be passed before the council.  Only one other person was deemed to have 
been fit for another chance, that being Yosho over seven hundred years ago.  
The council has always been very strict in using this way of curing the 
terminal disease of death.  I alone can not make this happen, it must be 
unanimous in the council, all fifteen of them.  No law is as strict.  I 
will try, but I can promise nothing.  We shall pray, however."
     "Yes," Azaka said, putting an arm around Kamadaki's shoulder.  "We 
shall."
     Kamadaki, Sasami, and Ryo-Oki all nodded in agreement.  Lastly, so 
did Aeka.

     Aeka looked down the row of council members, studying each face 
closely, reading his or her expressions.  She had known these people all her
life, and had respected them to the highest extent.  These were the most 
powerful men and women in the Jurain empire, and they were deemed the 
fairest people in the whole universe.
     Then the votes were counted.  It was a score of fourteen to one: no.
     "What do you mean, no?!!!" Aeka screamed.
     "No, your majesty.  Ryoko is a space pirate and a tyrant," council 
member Hasamato, council vice-president under Aeka, said.
     "She saved my LIFE!!"
     "The decisions of the council can not be persuaded by one particular 
life, princess.  Even yours.  You must understand the greater cause.  What 
do you think would happen if just anyone got hold of the information that 
we have this kind of power in our midst?  What do you think would happen to 
your sister, if thieves, like Ryoko I might add, knew of this?  The power 
would be stolen.  Where would we be then?  Where would your sister, Sasami, 
be?"
     "This does not have to be common knowledge!  This woman, be what she 
is, sacrificed herself for, not only me, but for the well-being of all 
Jurai!  Where would you be, Hasamato, if Kagato had won and Tenchi had 
never stopped him?!  Dead, I would suppose.  Beheaded for tyranny against 
the emperor.  He would have found your little rebellion in the course 
sector fifty-three, and would have had you killed."
     Months ago, Hasamato and a few others saw what was happening to the 
empire, its nobility shattered and corruption spreading.  He and those 
others left the council, sneaking away in the night, and had started a 
rebellion squad in the far reaches of the empire.  They had specialized in 
small infantry scandals like barrier breaks and sabotaging of carrier 
vessels.  They were a squad unified solely on their hate for Kagato, the 
fake Yosho.  They had been all but wiped out before Aeka had taken back 
over and sent a squad to retrieve them after the war was over.
     "Ryoko saved your life, Hasamato!" Aeka yelled across the table, no 
longer shrieking but in a lower voice which demanded resolution.  "She 
saved us all!  You, Minsato," Aeka pointed across the table towards an old 
man with a gray beard, his uniform neatly pressed.  "You were on trial for 
treason during the overthrow, were you not?"
     The old man averted his eyes, looking down towards the floor.
     "Please sir.  Correct me if I'm wrong.  I was told you were on trial, 
facing death after Kagato brought back the death penalty, correct?"
     The old man nodded sheepishly.
     "As I thought.  And you, Kinato!" she pointed towards a small man 
sitting on the other side of Hamasato.  "You were banished from the empire 
altogether, am I right?"
     The small man nodded, his light blue hair waving up and down.
     "In fact most of you were facing death or banishment before this woman 
saved all your lives!  And yet your rules prohibit us from saving her?  
Why?!  This does not have to be broadcast.  Once awakened, Ryoko will be 
tried as a pirate.  But we owe her this much: to give her a fair trial, to 
let justice serve for this..." Aeka winced as she said this next word, 
"heroin.  We, as people of noble birth, noble heritage, noble blood, noble 
spirit, and most of all noble actions, must now, more than ever, do 
something truly noble for our savior: Ryoko."
     Silence wafted through the air.
     After a large silence, Hasamato stood, standing to look at Aeka.  "I 
vote that this meeting will be adjourned til tomorrow when a final vote will 
pass for the life of Ryoko.  We will meet later for our decision.  Do I hear 
a second."
     Kinato second.  The vote, unanimous, ended their meeting til the next 
day.
     As Aeka walked from the council room, alongside the other council 
members, none of the other members speaking, all carrying a heavy weight on 
their shoulders, she came upon her sister in the hall.
     "Aeka!" Sasami yelled, running up to her sister.  "How'd it go?  Why 
do you look so troubled?  What did they say?"
     "They've all got a terrible decision to make, Sasami.  It shall be 
done tomorrow."  Aeka let out a long sigh before putting a hand on her 
sister's shoulder.  "In the meantime, there's something I desperately need 
to tell you.  Something that happened a long time ago, when you were but an 
infant."  They walked slowly towards Sasami's bedroom.  "Something that 
happened when the wise magician of our empire was killed.  Something that 
gave you more power than the emperor himself."
     "What are you talking about, Aeka?!" Sasami asked, confused, her full 
attention focused on her sister's words.
     "Well," Aeka said,  "it started seven days before you were born, when 
mother and father were still alive.  Over seven-hundred years ago."

