     Chapter 17
Police Business

     "So, where're we going?" Washu asked Nagi as they traveled through 
space at a quick pace of 78 light-years per hour.  "We're going awfully 
fast."
     "I got business to deal with at the moment," Nagi answered, not 
looking up from the controls she was bent over at the moment.
     "Your business wouldn't have anything to do with the Galaxy Police 
station, would it, because that looks to be about where we're headed."
     "Can't get anything past you," Nagi muttered, flipping a switch to 
detach their third thruster cannon to speed up their journey.
     "Well, obviously you're planning to do something there, and at this 
speed, we should be arriving there in about a few minutes."
     "Crashing you mean."
     "I thought as much."
     "Surprised?"
     "Considering the pilot, not very."
     "Better buckle up, 'cause we're almost there."
     Washu went back to her seat and flipped a switch on the bottom, which 
immediately sent three seat-belts around her, tightening by way of 
hydraulics.  The scientist clutched the sides of the seat tightly.  Nagi 
flipped a switch on the control panel, putting up full shields in front of 
the ship.  She then flipped on her own seat-belts.
     "Are you sure this is a good idea?" Washu asked.
     "No, but it's worth a try."
     "Possibly."
     "Here it comes."  On the large viewing monitor, the deep black of 
space was becoming quickly over run by the sight of a huge space station, 
growing ever larger before them.  They both watched, silently, as the 
station came at them like a speeding rocket, ready to blow them to bits.  
As it approached, Nagi saw many windows in the station, looking out to the 
blackness of space.  "Wait a second," Nagi said suddenly.  "I got an idea."
     Straining against the straps, she reached over to a red switch, her 
finger straining to reach it.
     "Oh no," Washu gasped.  "You're not thinking of-"  Washu was cut off 
as Nagi reached the switch and flipped it.  All at once, the large ship 
around them disappeared and they were flying through space, a confused 
cabbit-form Ken-oki at their side.  Quickly and skillfully, Nagi snatched 
the cabbit and braced for impact.  She stretched out her legs suddenly, 
and, with no air to breath and two other lives to worry about, she smashed 
through one of the windows and landed inside the station, amid three 
confused female officers.
     Suddenly, cabbit in hand, Nagi felt the strenuous force of the vacuum 
behind her pulling her back.  She looked around and saw Washu land beside 
her, falling flat on her face.  She was on the ground for just three 
seconds before the vacuum caught a hold of her and pulled her back towards 
the airless blackness of space.
     "QUICK!" Nagi shouted, grabbing hold of a dresser at the near wall.  
"EVERYONE GRAB A HOLD OF SOMETHING!!!"
     Washu snatched at a shelf in the wall and held on for dear life.  The 
three officers, unknowing of what exactly was going on, were caught off 
guard and were pulled backward towards the open window.  Nagi, seeing the 
flying officers, released herself from the dresser and stretched out in an 
areal leap towards the officers.  One of the officers was able to catch 
hold of a shelf in the wall, and another grabbed onto a large table that 
was nailed down to the floor tightly.  The other, more unfortunate one, 
however, flew right towards and through the window, screaming all the 
while.  All at once, the air around her was gone, and she gurgled and 
gasped for air feverishly against the vacuum.  She tried swimming back 
towards the window, but in vain.  She was already careening out in space.
     Nagi, meanwhile, was rocketing through the window, not slowing down 
for a second, and grabbed onto the window edge with her legs, twisting them 
so she could get a hold.  It was a tremendous strain on her muscles, but 
somehow she was able to hold on.  Feverishly, she grabbed for the officer's 
uniform, and, with a desperate snatch, managed to catch a hold of it.  
Roughly, she pulled the woman back in.  Now, with the officer and cabbit 
under one arm, she pulled herself in and crawled away from the window, 
grabbing hold of nooks in the wall to help her along.
     Meanwhile, seeing Nagi's plan. Washu leaped over to the dresser and, 
with the help of the vacuum, managed to tip it over, bringing it closer to 
the open window.  The vacuum, now able to catch more of a hold on the huge 
dresser, pulled it slowly to the window.
     Nagi, who had taken refuge grabbing hold of one of the officers, the 
one holding the table, was desperately trying to keep a hold of the 
terrified officer's leg, the unconscious officer's body, and hold the cabbit
by the fur with her teeth.
     After a few seconds, the vacuum was able to pull the massive dresser 
to the window and, slowly, the dresser was lifted up by the force, sealing 
away the vacuum.  All at once, everyone fell down to the ground, all alive 
and basically alright.
     "Couldn't you have come up with a brighter idea?" Washu asked, 
struggling to get her heart back down to a normal beating rate.
     "I didn't hear any bright ideas from you," Nagi muttered, inspecting 
the whining cabbit for any injuries.  The furry little thing looked in 
better shape than she did.

     After a few minutes, the three officers were all satisfactorily 
tied to the table, which, luckily enough, was bolted securely to the 
ground.  The women, struggling against make shift gags of their own 
clothing, whipped around violently.  One of them, the one who had been out 
in space, was unconscious, and bleeding slightly from her nose.
     "You don't think she's dead, do you?" Nagi asked, pointing to the 
unconscious officer.
     "I don't know," Washu said.  "But what I can't figure out is why YOU 
care."
     "Listen, cause I'm only gonna say this once."  Nagi walked up right 
in front of the little scientist and looked down on her.  "I don't kill for 
the hell of it.  Now, if you can't tell me if she's alive or not, I might 
just have to collect the bounty on you after all."
     "Alright, alright," Washu said, bending down over the unconscious 
officer.  The other two looked at her worriedly.  It was obvious that they 
were very concerned about their fallen comrade.  Washu took the officer's 
pulse and waited for a second.  "She's alive, but her pulse is light."
     "Is she gonna live?"
     "Doubtful in her present condition."
     "Anything be done?"
     "Possibly, but I'm gonna need some supplies to do anything."
     "Anything around here?"
     "Well, what I need is some pheromone and a little bit Jinqual dust."
     "The pheromone will probably be in the medical area somewhere, but 
the Jinqual dust . . .  Where do you think that could be?"
     "Well, the stuff is highly addictive and is illegal, so some might 
have been confiscated and may be in the evidence department."
     "Ok.  I know where that is.  That is if they haven't changed this 
place too much."
     "Alright.  I'll stay here and keep an eye on our captives."
     "Ok.  Here.  Take this."  Nagi threw the scientist a pistol she 
had confiscated from one of the officers.
     "Ok.  You hurry up, cause I can't say for sure how long she has.  
Her lungs took some damage, and I need the Jinqual dust to speed up her 
heart rate and get her lungs moving faster."
     "Are you sure that stuff will work?"
     "It's been proven to.  Although the stuff can be fatal, it also can 
bring people back from comatose."
     "If you say so," Nagi said.  She opened the door a crack and looked 
out.  the coast was clear and she sneaked through.
     Washu, watching her go, looked down to the sleeping woman.  Actually, 
Jinqual was never proven to bring people out of comatose, but it was all 
she could think of.  In theory, it should work, although theories weren't 
much to base a life on.

     Nagi was a master of stealth and an expert of infiltration.  She had 
received honors in it at the academy, and had been the pride of her whole 
class.  She just hoped she could remember the old tricks her instructor had 
taught her before.  Her footsteps were almost unhearable as she stepped 
lightly through the halls, searching her way around the large police 
department.
     The station seemed to be a lot larger now after they rebuilt it from 
the destruction of Kain, but the basic floor design was the same.  She 
wondered if there were any new tricks awaiting her around here.
     Suddenly an alarm blared all around her, making her jump.  How could 
they have nabbed me already?! she wondered.  This can't be happening!!
     She ran furiously down the corridors.  She could hear officers not 
far away making their way towards the blaring sound.  Suddenly, she bumped 
right into a male officer as she was rounding a corner.  The officer 
managed to get off a "What the he-" before she threw a roundhouse into his 
face, sending him sprawling to the ground.
     "I don't have time for this," Nagi mumbled, looking down at the
sprawled officer.  "I need to find that damn health department and that 
evidence chamber, but where could they be?"  Looking directly above her to
a station map proved the answer.  "Ah," Nagi said as she plotted her course 
from the "you are here" dot to the red area marking the evidence chamber and
the blue area marking the health department.  "I gotta hurry."
     It wasn't long before she ran into another officer, disposing of this 
one with a fist to the face.  She ran off before making sure that he was un-
conscious.  She hoped no one had recognized her yet.
     Suddenly, a loud blaring voice came barking over the intercom, battling
with the alarm to be heard.  "ATTENTION ALL PERSONNEL!  INTRUDER IDENTIFIED 
TO BE NAGI BURWALD, INFAMOUS BOUNTY HUNTER!  APPROACH WITH EXTREME CAUTION!"
     "SHIT!" Nagi cursed, rounding another corner and coming face to face 
to face with two officers.  She leapt into the air and connected a foot to 
each of the officers faces, sending them both reeling to the ground.  "I
swear.  If they weren't such pushovers, I'd actually be in trouble."
     Rounding another corner, the last before she would come to the medical 
department, met her with a rather ironic brigade.  Seemingly a hundred of the
officers blocked her way, all carrying large staffs.  Each one of these 
officers was supposed to have a little Jurain power, injected into them 
during their academy days.  Nagi still had some from her academy days, so 
she was aware of the edge that it gave them.  With the power circling their
blood stream, the lackeys were supposed to be endowed a greater handle for 
martial arts and staff wielding.
     "Ok," Nagi said, looking from one angry face to the next.  "If you 
don't move out of the way, and I mean everyone of you, I'm gonna have to 
beat you like you've never been before."
     None moved.  Nagi could only smile.  She took her electronic staff from
her belt slowly, lighting up the power.  "Let's do this," she said.
     The first one who came at her was easy, swinging his staff blindly,
hoping to hit her with a wild hit.  A staff butt to the face dropped him 
easily.
     Then the rest came, all charging at once.  She managed to leap over the 
first oncoming charge, but the others were directly below her.  Stretching
her foot out into a kick, she managed to slap two of them in the face, knock-
ing them out.  A quick swing of her sword sent thirteen hundred jolts through 
another officer, putting him down violently, and further swinging took down
three more.  There seemed to be an endless supply of adversaries, but it only
made Nagi laugh.  They were so immature, with hardly any experience at all.  
She guessed that most of them had been stationed inside because they were 
poor fighters and were put where they would encounter the least amount of 
trouble.  A wild swing with her staff jolted another and knocked one 
unconscious with the metal part.
     One officer, with luck on her side, managed to punch the bounty hunter,
hard.  Her success was rewarded by a fist to the head and a kick in the face
after the few seconds it took Nagi to regain her senses.  The officer, not 
completely down, tried to take another shot, but was prevented by the 
clutter of her own comrades, all pushing her out the way to take shots of 
their own.  It was pure madness.
     Nagi, wearing the crowd down quickly, fought with a new kind of 
warriors rage.  She used the pain from the punch to deliver pain to her 
adversaries.  She only needed a little bit to get her going, and, after 
about ten minutes, they were all taken care of, sprawled down around each
other in a big pile.
     Then, with a slight limp from the over exertion, Nagi made her way to 
the medical chamber.  She opened the door and was greeted by another army
of officers.
     "Ah dammit," she mumbled, recharging her staff.  "Not again."

     Washu heard the alarm the second it came on and knew exactly who it 
was ringing for.  "That idiot," Washu spat.  "She can't even sneak through 
one place without getting caught.
     When she heard the intercom message informing everyone that the 
intruder was Nagi, Washu felt fear and relief at the same time.  Although
everyone knew that it was her running around like an idiot, no one had 
caught her yet.  She again took the pulse of the detective, and her eyes
widened.
     "Nothing," she whispered, looking down at the wide eyes of the officer.
"No!"  Washu immediately started CPR on the girl, punching down on the girl's
chest with all her might.  She held the detective's nose and began to blow
deep breaths into her.  "Dammit!  Live!"
     The other two detectives stopped their struggles against their bind-
ings and watched closely as the scientist tried to save their comrade's 
life.  Silently, they both prayed for her to make it through, to start 
breathing again.
     All three of them were locked in tension for nearly two minutes before
their prayers were answered.  The girl started breathing again, although 
faintly. "God, Nagi needs to get back here, and fast," Washu said, looking 
down at the still unconscious officer.

     Nagi walked away from the fifty downed officers with a sprained ankle
and a bruise on her left cheek.  "Punks," she muttered, opening a cabinet
near the left wall and searching through bottles and caplet containers for
anything marked Pheromone.  She found them in a box of headache medication.
"Hmm, well what do ya know.  I hope this stuff works."  She inspected it,
looking to the ingredients to make sure it didn't have any morphine contained
or harmful qualities.  Finding them satisfactory, she walked back, stepping 
over the unconscious officers.
     Nagi opened the door to where her previous battle had taken place, and
found a few of the officers trying to get up.  She stepped over them, giving
one unlucky detective a kick to the head, sending him down again.
     She then began making her way to the evidence chamber.  Her walk turned
into a run a little ways there.  She suddenly had a terrible feeling as 
though time were running out.

     Captain Tathers was used to running things around the station, at least
until the general had promoted that officer Kiyone above him.  He secretly 
detested her for stealing away his position.  He had seen the corruption of
Kagato, but had done nothing about it for fear of losing his much prided 
position, and even tried to suppress officers so that they might never be 
able to show off their true talents to someone like the general.
     That's why he had sent Kiyone away with Mihoshi to the Earth 
squadron.  He knew that she would never be able to get promoted after being 
sent out there.  Then, after they had apparently gone traitor, he had had no
scruples about organizing the whole station against them.  He knew that she
would be the biggest threat to his job if she were ever allowed to show her
full potential.
     But now, since the corruption of Kagato was uncovered and his tyranny 
was ended, Tathers was shown up, shown up by the very one he had suppressed 
all those years.
     He hated her, hated her with a vengeance.  But lately, now that
Kiyone was gone on a mission, Tathers was finally able to gain back his be-
loved station.  He had had to get rid of that bothersome Mihoshi also, and 
he didn't want to take any chances with Mitsuki.  Mitsuki had never fully 
caught on to all the corruption of Kagato and Tathers himself, but if she 
had, she would definitely of done something rash.  He couldn't afford any
rash actions, not now.
     But now, with those three out of the way, he was in full charge.
     "But first," he said, looking towards a computer monitor on his large 
desk.  "There's that problem with this intruder.  Since the disappearance of
the last police station, we don't have time for this.  Why, it's only been 
recently since most of our personnel have reappeared from the space time
continuum that Kain threw them in.  And most of our personnel aren't even 
properly trained yet.
     "And who is this Nagi anyway?  Computer," Tathers ordered the mainframe 
on his desk.  "Give the whole bio file on the bounty hunter Nagi."
     "Danger, Commander," the computer typed up on the screen.
     "What is it?" Tathers barked, looking closely at the map which showed
the position of the intruder.  The bounty hunter wasn't on the screen 
anymore.  He didn't like the looks of this.
     "The danger, ole cap," a woman said behind him, "is that your intruder
has managed to make it into your office."
     Tathers whipped around, coming face to face with the bounty hunter.  
"Who in the hell do you think you are?!"
     "Don't you recognize me, cap?" Nagi asked the captain.  "You're the 
one who gave me that first assignment.  Paired me up with Kiyone, hoping
that we'd both get killed.  Don't you remember trying to get me out of the
way?"
     "No!  JAMIE!" Tathers gasped, backing away.  "I thought you died!"
     "Nope, unlucky for you.  My life, however, was ruined because of you.  
You took care of that, didn't you?"
     "What?"
     "Don't you remember my sister, who you had killed?"
     "Wait a minute!  You're not suggesting that I had anything to-"  
Tathers was cut off as the electro staff was put up to his neck, power on 
full blast, the heat radiating, scalding his face as the staff was pushed 
deadly close.
     "I know you had my sister killed so you could keep your precious pos-
ition.  Don't try to deny it."
     "What are you gonna do?" Tathers asked, backing away from the heated
orb on the end of the staff.
     "Nothing yet.  I got bigger fish to fry right now than you.  But I am
gonna take care of that little bitch you had to frame Ryoko.  You'll get 
yours later."
     "What bitch?" Tathers asked, looking away from her.
     "Don't you dare try to protect her, that is if you want to live.  I'm
talking about Mitsuki.  Where is she?"
     Tathers tried hard not to smile.  "I don't know what you're talking 
about."
     Nagi pushed the orb onto Tathers's neck, sending a thousand volts 
through his throat.  He gave out a loud "GAAAAA!!" before collapsing down
into his chair.  "I'm not going to ask you again."
     "Alright!  She's on Earth, tracking down another officer called 
Mihoshi.  She should have found her there by now."
     "What do you mean she should have found her?!"
     "Nothing!  I mean she should be there by now."
     "If I find out you're lying, I'm gonna come back and kill you out
right."
     "I'm not lying," Tathers mumbled, clutching his burning throat.
     "You better not be," Nagi said, backing away, towards the door.  "And
don't think I'm letting you off.  You'll get yours soon enough."  With that
she was gone.
     Tathers could only smile.  "Idiot," he mumbled.  "Mitsuki was only a
pawn.  I hope you two kill each other and save me the trouble."  He watched 
with a strange mixture of glee and spite as the little red dot on the 
computer screen marking Nagi's position moved towards the red area marking
the evidence chamber.  "You'll never be able to lay a finger on me.  My 
superiors won't let you."

     "Oh shit!" Washu yelled, looking at the large crack on the dresser.  
"That thing isn't going to hold for much longer!"  She looked down at the
three officers.  The unconscious one was untied and her breathing was be-
coming normal again.  The other two looked up at her with frightened faces.
"I'm going to have to move you three out of here," she said.  "But first I'm
going to have to make sure you don't cause me any trouble."
     She looked around the room feverishly for some blunt object to handle 
the situation with.  Most of the objects in the room had been sucked 
through the window by the vacuum, but a few things were still there.  She 
had to take her choice between a camera that had taken refuge in one of the 
shelves, protected from most of the vacuum's force, a brush that had been 
behind the large dresser, and a koozie that had been spared by the vacuum's 
deathly pull when it had been snagged on the table.  "I guess this'll have 
to do," she said, picking up the brush.  She approached the first detective 
who was squirming wildly.  "Now hold still.  This won't hurt until you wake 
up."
     Washu brought the brush down hard on the officer's neck and she went
immediately out cold.  The scientist knew the exact spot where to hit her
to cause immediate unconsciousness, but it would cause her an awful headache
when she woke up.
     The next officer was surprisingly calm, looking at the cracking 
dresser with growing worry.  She did not even look up before Washu was able 
to knock her out also.  "I guess I'm going to have to get rid of the sick 
one first," she said, looking down at the young woman's face lying untied 
on the floor.

     The evidence chamber was massive.  It seemed to stretch on for miles 
and miles.  "DAMMIT!!" Nagi shouted, looking down one hall and then the 
other.  "How the hell am I supposed to find anything in this place?!!"  
Nagi flopped down on her behind and began to think.  She tried to remember 
back when she was a cadet.  They had had to take a whole test on where to 
find things in the evidence department.  "Think, dammit.  Where is 
narcotics?"
     Let's see, she thought.  Weapons were usually related to the most 
serious crimes so they were usually up front.  She looked up to the front
rows and found cases upon cases of pistols and grenades.  "Good, so they 
haven't changed this place much."  Now, she thought, after that came 
documents and paper work, and that took up about six or seven rows.  "She 
walked on down and the next eight rows were huge boxes of documents.
     Now, after that, there should be narcotics.  She walked on down and 
found huge crates unmarked "MOR".  Wondering what that meant, she opened one
up and was hit with such a strong smell that tears busted out of her eyes
like a fountain.
     "Shit!  Mortuary!"  She slid the box back down on the smell, trying
to keep her eyes from glimpsing what was in the box and walked on down.
     Next were huge, vehicle size crates.  "These must be lunar vehicles
confiscated.  Narcotics has to be next."  She walked on down and found rows
and rows of boxes of all sizes.  She opened one and found thousands of little
vials, filled with a yellow liquid.  "Jurain funny water," she mumbled.  
"This must be narcotics."  The next box was marked LPC, Lethal Pacifying
Corollary.  This meat was eaten to provide a steroid like burst of strength.
It was illegal because of numerous heart and pregnancy defects when taken.
     The next box was marked JD.  "Maybe this is it."  She opened the box 
and saw huge packages of white dust.  "Jackpot," she said, taking one of the
packages and tasting the contents.  "Definitely jackpot."
     Nagi put the package under her arm and walked out of the evidence 
department.  She was feeling pretty proud of herself as she opened the door.
That feeling vanished, however, when she came face to face with an entire 
army of officers greater than both of the before squadrons put together.
     "Ok!  This is getting monotonous!" she shouted, whipping out her staff
and putting the package under her left arm.  "I'm charging this thing up to 
full power and one shock of this thing will send you flying to that opposite
wall over there!" she shouted, motioning to the far wall which lay fifty 
meters away.  "I'm warning you!"
     "You don't scare us!" one young officer said, charging at her.  With
accurate swiftness, Nagi sliced sideways at the grunt, catching him in the
abdomen.  The officer's eyes opened wide as twenty-thousand volts flowed 
through him at once, sending him rocketing back the way he came.  He smashed 
into three officers on his flight, sending them all skidding across the 
floor, tripping up men and women left and right, until they all crashed head 
first into the wall that Nagi had pointed to.
     The rest of the officers took one look at that scene and one more 
glance towards Nagi's deadly eyes before they all ran away screaming.  The
bounty hunter was left alone, a smile a mile wide on her face, with only
her package and the unconscious officers with her.  "Thanks kid," she said
when she approached the officer she had zapped.  "I only had enough energy
for one of those, but you made it work just fine."
     She met little resistence on her way back to the room where Washu and 
the detectives were supposed to be.

     Nagi arrived at the door, package in hand, only a few moments later.  
"Hey Washu," she called outside the door.  "Hope I didn't worry you too-"
She was cut off as she opened the door, revealing a humongous vacuum, bigger
than the one before, almost sucking her in.  She managed to close the door 
with much difficulty, fear spread across her face.  "Oh my God!  The dresser
must not have held!" she said, slumping down beside the door.  "Did they 
get out in time?!"
     Just then, the door across the hall opened up, a flurry of red hair 
peaking out.  "Hey, Nagi!" Washu called.  "Over here!  We had to change 
rooms."  Nagi wasn't able to hide her relief, and Washu smiled.  "Hurry
up, will ya?!"
     Nagi scurried in, the package still in hand.  "Is she alright," she 
asked when she came in.
     "More or less.  You took long enough."
     "I got held up.  I know where Mitsuki is now, though.  I had a little
talk with an old friend."
     "Well, just give me the stuff."  Nagi handed the package and the 
tablets over to the scientist and watched as she administered the drug and 
medicine.  First, she took the Pheromone and poured it in the girl's mouth.
She held the girl's nose closed until she swallowed it.  "Now, that was to 
counteract what I'm about to give her now.  Her lungs and heart slowed or 
not, this stuff is extremely dangerous.  I need you to hold her down."
     "You really think it's going to be that bad?  I mean look at her."
     "Just do it."  Nagi did as she was told, and Washu grabbed a handful
of the white powder from the package.  A normal amount of the stuff was
enough to cause seizures within someone who was not adept to the stuff.  
The amount Washu had in her hands was twenty times the normal amount,
enough to give the dead seizures.
     "That's a lot," Nagi said.  "You sure that won't kill her?"
     "No," Washu said, dumping the stuff into the woman's mouth and holding
the girl's nose close.  They waited for about a minute, nothing happening.
     "Washu, I-"
     "Hold on a second.  It's coming."  Nagi looked down at the girl and 
reafermed her grip.  It was not a split second before the girl's eyes burst
open, revealing dilated pupils, eyes opened humongously wide.  The girl 
thrashed around violently, and Nagi had lost grip almost immediately.  The 
girl's hands went up to her throat and started clawing violently.  Her mouth
was locked open, but no screaming was coming out.  "HOLD HER!!" Washu 
screamed.
     Nagi recaptured the girl's hands and held her down with all her might.
Slowly, the girl calmed down, her eyeballs, circling inside her head.  It 
was a full three minutes before she calmed down enough so that Nagi was able 
to let go of her.  She fell almost immediately unconscious.
     "Damn," Nagi muttered.  "I never seen anybody do THAT before."
     "That should be enough."
     Nagi looked behind her and saw the other two officers unconscious, 
their bindings still present.  "Why are they asleep?" Nagi wondered.
     "I couldn't let them cause me any trouble when I was moving from room
to room, could I?"
     "Should we take one of them for a hostage?  Just in case Mitsuki wants
to try anything stupid?"
     "Hm...  I don't see why not."
     "Which one do you want to take?"
     Washu looked at the two girls closely for perhaps the first time.  One
had blonde hair and had a large body, her uniform stripped from the waist 
down for bindings.  The other one, a blue-haired girl stripped up from the 
waist was a bit more attractive.  The blue-haired one had been the one to 
struggle less.
     "I guess the blue-haired o-"  Washu was cut off by the scratchy 
hissing of Ken-oki.  "What?" Washu asked the little cabbit.  "You don't want
us to take a hostage.
     The cabbit answered with more hissing.
     "Well, Nagi, what do you say?"
     "I try to respect what he says.  If he doesn't want us to take a 
hostage, I guess we can't.  We don't want the morale of our little brigade 
to go down the hole, do we?"
     The cabbit stopped hissing and smiled at Nagi.
     "Alright," Washu said.  "But I do think we should get out of here, 
don't you?"
     "I suppose.  Ken-oki, let's go."

     It was only about five minutes before the brigade of officers had 
found enough fire power to gain back their courage, and only two minutes for
them to find the lost intruder's hiding place.
     "Ok," Tathers said, looking to the many young faces around them.  "I'll
open it on three.  Ready?"
     Everyone nodded simultaneously.
     "Ok.  One.  Two.  THREE!!"  He opened the door widely and pointed his 
gun into the room.  "Alright Nag-"  He was cut off as he was almost sucked 
into the room by the huge vacuum that had taken it over.  He barely managed 
to catch hold of the side of the doorway before he was pulled in.  "HELP!!" 
he shouted to the astonished faces looking in.  "HELP!!"
     Three officers broke out of their daze and managed to pull back in the 
captain and close the door.
     "SHIT!!" Tathers screamed.  "SHE GOT AWAY!!  SHIT!!  I WANT AN APV
ON HER ASS AND I MEAN NOW!!"
     "Uh, Captain," one officer interrupted.
     "WHAT IS IT!!"
     "There's three officers over here.  Detectives Williams, Johnson, and 
Davison.  Davison looks pretty bad for wear, sir.  All are unconscious and
tied up."  He pointed to three slumped bodies down the hall.
     "What?!  Never mind that!  I'm talking about something really important
over here."
     "Where are they?" another detective asked, ignoring the captain.
     "Over here on the floor," the first said.
     "LISTEN TO ME!!"
     No one listened.  All were looking at the detectives.  "Wow," one said.
"Davison looks pretty bad.  We should get her to the medical center."
     "Yeah, man," another answered.  "You get her legs and I'll get her 
arms."
     "I'll help," another offered.
     "Ok.  You support her back."
     "YOU'RE NOT LISTENING TO ME, GOD DAMMIT!!" Tathers screamed at the 
officers.  "LISTEN WHEN I'M TALKING TO YOU!!"
     No one did.  They had something more important to do.
     "Ok, you guys ready?  One, two, three!  HEAVE!!"
     "Alright, good.  Lift that back a little more."
     "LISTEN TO ME, DAMN YOU!!"
     "Lift up her legs a little more, John.  There.  That's it."
     "LISTEN TO ME!!"