It was five minutes until six.  The people of Jurai all clustered
around their view screens, every screen set to the same channel.  ABC,
Ayeka's Broadcast Channel, all palace tv, all the time.  It was time for the
daily minute with the new Royal Advicer, and being his first, the people
were
all nervous to see how he would do.  The broadcast began with yet another
replay of his oath before Gensao against a banner showing the royal emblem.
    "Tenchi Muyo and all characters there in are the property of Pioneer
LDC, Inc and Pioneer Entertainment (USA) L.P., as well as any company I may
have missed.  If so, my apologies to you.  The author owns only the writings
and any characters he see fit to create himself.  However, all chapters
prior to chapter twenty of this story are the property of Aubinimity only,
as
are any characters he has created.  Thank you."
    Victor stepped onto the screen, walked to his pulpit, and adressed the
populous.
    "My fellow Juraians, I come to you today to give my first report on
the state of affairs in the universe right now.  Sadly, I have to begin on a
sad note.  Captain Tathers, former head of Galaxy Police, was murdered in
his
office early this morning.  However, not to worry, his last act in life was
to promote Detective First Class Kiyone Mikimby to his second in command.
We
have not lost everything, there will still be order under her command. We
have an eye witness, one Dsawn Pencer, a Detective First Class, who brought
the killer to the headquarters.  We will hear from her shortly.  Other than
that, I can only say thank you for your attention as well as your time.
Now,
over to the regularly schedualed six o'clock news."  He bowwed, and the
image
faded out.

    Chapter 22
        Access Denied

    On board the Yagami, Kiyone was stunned.  She had been staring at her
radio for sometime now.  As if it wasn't enough of a shock to hear that her
superior had been murdered, but that he had been killed after turning the GP
over to *her*?  Why her, of all people?  Then the full story began and she
listened to it intently.
    "...killers body was found laying on her back in front of Tathers'
desk, yet with feet somehow planted to the floor.  Police have tried to move
her, but to no avail as her feet can't be lifted from the ground.  On either
side of her head, a small brand was found vaguely resembling a shellfish of
some sort.  Her pupils had been replaced by a similar red shape in both
eyes.
Tathers himself was found slumped on his desk, choked by his uniform necktie
which was pinned, along with his final executive order promoting officer
Kiyone, to his desk with a letter opener.  It appears as though his window
had been shot out and the pull of space caused him to be strangled.  Fellow
officer, Dsawn Pencer, had this to say on the event..."
    Something the news had said was tugging at her mind.  Something about
her feet, along with something about her eyes.  <Couldn't move feet,
shellfish pupils, what is it?  If only Washu were here, she could see the
conecti->.  The revelation hit her full force.  <WASHU!  She was working on
magnetic boots back on Earth.  Also, she had made that mind control helmet
that was slightly defective in that the wearers head got so hot, the
crab-shaped clamps left burn marks in their flesh.  But the eyes don't make
much sense.>
    "...stepped out of the pod, and just walked off, like she was in a
trance or something.  The other people there and I were all a little spoked
by that, because she was just laying there trembling a few seconds before.
Next thing I know, the security guard next to me gets this call, and he
tells
me that the killer had just called him to confess."
    <A trance, huh?  Wasn't Washu reading up on hypnosis while we tracked
the faux emperor?  Might be a chance to test her skills>.  "But that's
impossible, the pod they had described didn't sound like Washu's design.
Where did *it* come from?"
    Just then, the Yagami informed her that Nagi, whom she had been
chasing all day, had dropped an escape podright before Kiyone lost her, and
that the pod was highly similar to the one that had arrived at the G.P.H.Q.
    "But how could Nagi get her hands on both the mind control helmet
*and* the magna-boots without Washu?  It's impossible," Kiyone asked
herself.
Yagami, thinking it was being asked, presented the most logical answer.
"Perhaps Miss Washu is on the Ken-ohki with Nagi."
    Kiyone was dumbstruck.  It made too much sense to be wrong.  This
changed everything. Now, she *had* to find Nagi's ship.  She killed the news
and went back to tracking.

    Back on Jurai, Ayeka was in the garde giving more work orders to
Ryoko.
    "Now then, I know how difficult it will be for a monster like
yourself to handle, but do *try* to be careful."
    "Ayeka, trust me, I know the differance between a weed and a flower,
alright?  I can do this, if you'd just get off my back about it."
    "Well, just to make sure, here a simple way to tell the differance;
any plants that make you think of me are the flowers, and if they remind you
of yourself, it's a weed.  I am a delicate flower, you are a weed.  We do
not
want weeds in this garden.  I mean that in *every* way you can imagine."
    "You can blow me," Ryoko mumbled.
    "What was that?"
    "I said, 'You seen Ryo-ohki?'  Why, what did it sound like princess?"
    "Oh!  Nothing.  Why no I haven't."
    Just then, a messenger arrived with a transmition.
    "I'm sorry to bother you, Highness, but we've just received a rather
startling message from the Earth area, and..."
    "Earth?!  Oh, Lord Tenchi, I knew you'd return to me someday, I just
knew it.  Oh, this may very well be the happiest day of my life."  Tears
were
streaming down her face as she pulled the read-out out of the man's hands.
She cleared her throat in a low, regal fashion, and read:
    "Miss Ryoko, I am sending this to you t..."  She stopped for a second
and tried to focus. She read over the first line again.  Her face turned red
as she scowled at her new servant.  She softly counted to ten to recompose
herself.  The messenger had long since run off at this point.  All palace
employees were all too familiar with these squabbles, as well as their usual
ending.
    "Ryoko, can you explain why a transmition would come from Earth to
you here?"
    "Well, while you and Ol' Kaga-to-umbes were chatting the other day, I
worked my charm on a pilot at the banquet.  He agreed to contact Tenchi for
me, and I guess the message got through.  Tenchi *does* love me after all!"
    Ayeka simmered over that for a few silent moments.  "All right then,
if that's how it's going to be, you have my blessing.  If Tenchi wants you
back, you >sob< may return to Earth for him.  I will drop the >sob, sob<
charges against you and Ryo-ohki.  Now if you'll excuse me, I have to find
somebody to finish the weeding for me >sob<."  With that, she threw the
paper
at Ryoko and slowly walked off.  Ryoko grinned as she openned the letter.
    "Miss Ryoko, <well, I'd have prefered something more like Dear Ryoko,
but that isn't important now> I am sending this to you to inform you about
the present situation <huh, kinda formal for a love letter, don't ya think
Tenchi?>.  At present, I am unable to get onto the planet Earth as the
atmosphere around the planet has solidified <where is Tenchi going with this
mumbo-jumbo?>.  I'm sorry, your message could not be delivered as of yet
<?>.
I apologize for this inconvieniance <?!?> which forces you to remain under
Ayeka's employ further <!> .  Sincerly, Captain Hirosaki"
    Ryoko tried to focus, looking very similar to Ayeka after she had
read the first line of the letter.  She has to keep working here because the
atmosphere around Earth has suddenly become too hard for a ship to enter?
<This is terrible!  I have to let Ayeka know>.  With that, she flew off to
find the princess.  Ayeka sensed her coming and sobbed.
    "Come to gloat have you?  Let me have it, go ahaed."
    "Ayeka, I have bad news for you."
    "Oh?  What is that?  The news that I'll never have Tenchi because
he'd rather be with a vial thing like you?!  Well, I knew that already, so
save it."
    "No, it's not that, it's worse."
    "Something's wrong with Tenchi, is that it?"
    "Worse!"
    "What is it?"
    Ryoko burst into tears.  "I still have to work here!"

    Soon after, Ayeka managed to pry the letter out of Ryoko's hands and
read it.  Once she got the full story, it took a while for it to sink in.
The atmosphere around the Earth has, for no reason whatsoever, has hardened
and no ships can get in or out, trapping Lords Tenchi and Yosho on the
planet, away from any contact at all.
    Ayeka jumped for joy.  "I knew it!  I knew Lord Tenchi couldn't have
sent a message to you Ryoko, begging you to return to him.  Why would he,
when he and I are both of pure, nobel Juria blood?"
    At this point, Sasami walked in, pulling Victor by the hand.  The two
of them stood by and waited to be noticed.  They hated to see the two girls
fight so shamefully, in the palace of Jurai no less.  However, as all the
staff would agree, it was too funny to break it up too soon.
    "You really think Tenchi would want you?  Lady, he left the *planet*
just to get away from you, didn't that ring any bells in your mind?"
    "Well, if my head were so empty as yours, perhaps I could fit a bell
or two into it, but then I wouldn't be as smart as I am."
    "Ahem, ladies?"
    "What are you trying to say, that you think you're so much more
inteligent than I am?  Is that it?"
    "If you *did* have half a brain, you wouldn't have to ask, now would
you?"
    "Ladies?"
    "Hey, I have had more then enough of your crap for some time, got
it?"
    "Well, what exactly do you plan to do about it?  After all, you are
still one of my servants, much as I hate to say it, and any transgretion
between us could be conceived by the court as-"
    "Shut up!"  Ryoko drew her light sword and lunged at Ayeka.  Her blow
was deflected by the logs appearing around Ayeka, which began to glow.  NOW
it wasn't funny anymore, time to try and break it up.
    "AH-HEM!  PRINCESS AYEKA!"
    Ayeka stopped and looked over at her sister and advisor.  Blushing,
she let her logs fade out.
    "Oh, Victor, good to see you.  Can I be of some serv-OWW!"
    Ryoko finished the spinning kick she had delivered to the back of the
princess's head, and sat on a nearby chair to snicker for a while.
    "Ayeka, your sister overheard part of your, um, "chat" with Ryoko,
and thought it best for me to hear about it."  He focused on the more recent
memories in Ayeka's mind.  He had been practicing his powers since gaining
them, and was just about perfect with most of them, in his own opinion at
least.
    "The Earth is no longer accessable?  How is that possible?"
    "That's what we want *you* to tell *us*, Mr. Kag-"
    "Don't refer to him by that name, you demon-child!It is not possible,
isn't that right, Sir."
    He grinned as he shot a quick thought into Ayeka's mind.  .  He also let
a little bit
of emotion slip into the message, to let the princess know how he felt.  He
could feel her reaction come back to him.  About what he expected.  He
nodded
in answer to her question and continued with his explaination of the problem
as he saw it.
    "Well, as far as I can tell, something must have happened in the past
day, because Mitsuki had reported entering Earths atmosphere yesterday, and
we all know she left because..."  He sighed.
    "Yes, of course," Ayeka sighed as well.
    "Well, I guess I'll check the memories of people within five light
minutes of Earth over the past day.  Who ever did this couldn't have been
all
that far away, could they?"  The room went silent as Victor concentrated.
Something he saw caused him to gasp.  Ayeka came to attention instantly.
    "What, what did you see?"
    "There are three wiped minds in that time period.  One of them never
opened back up, at least not before leaving the five light minute radius."
    "What do you mean, wiped mind?"  The princesses and Victor turned to
Ryoko, almost forgeting she was there.  Victor smiled at her, though it
wasn't the sort of smile Washu got when she was about to explain something
so
obvious, or so she claimed, that you should feel stupid for not knowing it
already.
    "Well Ryoko, a wiped mind is a span of time, seconds to years, where
no memories can stem from, that can be recalled anyway.  The memories are
still open to the person in question.  For example, if somebody wiped your
mind of the past few minutes, I wouldn't be able to find those memories in
your mind.  You, however, would be able to remember them, so it's not
exactly
a full brain wash, just a brain wipe.  Do you understand?"
    Ryoko was amazed.  After years of trying to follow a single sentence
when Washu is busy with a new, brilliant invention, she was able to sit here
and fully digest a full speech.  It felt good to be made to feel smart like
this.  She nodded and smiled back at Victor.
    "In any case, the last memory on mind one is two people, it's been
wiped who, putting a helmet on the woman's head."
    "What of the other two lines, Sir?"  He let it slip this time.  It
would take him years to reprogram Ayeka away from srict rules of eticate
when she was around him.  Casual she aint.
    "Well, they also wiped their identities, but I can see things that
may be hints as to their identies.  Person one, I see several mentions of in
their mind of a small, furry creature turning into a space ship.  Does that
help you at all?"
    Ayeka shot Ryoko a harsh glance.  "Well, actually it does, since I
know only two people who could do something like that.  And, since a certain
*monster* I know hasn't left my watchful gaze in days, it could only be
Nagi."
    Ryoko glared at Ayeka, who glared right back.  For this reason, only
Sasami noticed the small frown on Victor's face.  <He's just upset that they
can't get along for five minutes at a strech>. She looked at the path of his
eyes.  <Or maybe not.  Maybe he's upset because he likes her.  Yes that's
it!
And she's always getting sucked into these arguments, so he gets mad at...I
can't believe she doesn't see it!>.
    "In any case, ladies, the second person is a little harder to place.
Now, if Nagi *is* one of the people, we can assume she isn't smart enough to
put these mind wipes in place.  Hence, the second person must have, and must
be rather smart to do so.  In fact, I see a great deal of self-pride in the
second person, mostly around two areas.  Their mental capacity and their..."
    "Their what, Sir?"
    "Cuteness."
    Ryoko and Ayeka looked at each other with mirrored surprise on both
their faces.
    "WASHU!"  They said at the same time.
    "Now then, on to more difficult matters.  If we want to know why this
happened, we need one of these people to talk to us.  *Physically* let us in
on what happened.  Unless one of them talks, access to this information is
denied us.  Of course, Nagi won't talk, and I doubt she'd let us get to
Washu."
    "So, get on with it, what are we supposed to do?"
    "*We* aren't doing anything, Ryoko.  *We* are staying here and doing
the work we were assigned by court to do, aren't we?"
    Victor cut the fight off before it started.  "What we need to do, is
to get Mitsuki to tell us."

    And now, a fireside chat with Victor Maroo Toumbes:

"People, I foresee great things to come.  One of the more major events that
I
*am* authorized by Princesses Ayeka and Sasami to tell you about is this;
due
to certain events that have occured since I took this possition, a shift
will
take place in future events.  The expected end to this saga will not take
place.  In short, this will no longer be a continuaty!  That's right, from
this point on, there's no telling what will happen.  Anything goes, at least
as far as the public knows.  I know now what will happen, but it would be
going against Royal Seer law to tell you anymore.
"Now then, on to author's notes:  First, as I may have said, I have a second
editor now, Literary Eagle.  With the help and advice of them, my first
editor out in Ohio, and of course Aubinimity himself, I think this story
will
turn out just fine.  Next order of business, inside gags.  Captain Hirosaki.
This one should be obvious to anyone who knows their history, so I'll just
leave you to guess on that.  E-mail me if you give up on guessing and just
want the answer.
"Other then that, thank you for your time and attention.  It's more then I'd
hoped for, all of this.  I still have yet to post any of my stories as I
write this, going to get that out of the way tomorrow, then let you the
reader simmer over what's too happen in upcoming chapters (I'm aiming to
either stop on twenty five, my lucky number, or do a total of ten).  Here's
hoping *somebody* is reading this and liking it.
"Oh, lastly, sorry to Aubinimity for all the bastardizations of his work.  I
know you'll really hate this need one, leaving continuaty."

        ~V.M. Toumbes