    "Tenchi Muyo and all characters there in are the property of Pioneer
LDC, Inc and Pioneer Entertainment (USA) L.P., as well as any company I may
have missed.  If so, my apologies to you.  Also, the author does not own the
Jerry Springer show, nor does he own James Bond, which are the property of
network television (I believe) and MGM/UA respectively.  The author owns
only
the writings and any characters he see fit to create himself.  However, all
chapters prior to chapter twenty of this story are the property of
Aubinimity
only, as are any characters he has created.  Thank you."

    Still nothing special, thought you'd want to just get to the story as
soon as possible, just as I want to get to writing it quickly (just barely
finished 23 before I started this one).  So, here we go again:

    Chapter 24
        Operation: Moonraker II

    Sasami ran to Victor, or as much as one can run who has just been
drained of all one's energy while trying to reanimate a dead murderer.  He
didn't look too happy.
    "Things didn't go as well as you'd hoped with Ryoko?"
    He shrugged.  "It's hard to say.  She was very quiet while I told her
how I felt, just sat on her bed calmly listening to me.  When I finished,
she
bowwed her head and faded out without saying a word."
    Sasami dropped her head.  "I'm sorry.  I shouldn't have presed you to
talk to her."
    "Don't say that.  Most likely, I would be kicking myself if I hadn't.
You gave me the confidence I needed.  Thank you."
    Sasami looked up at him and smiled.  He smailed back.
    "Now then, you need to get to bed.  We all have some planning to do
in the morning.  Let's not forget about the situation with Abel and the
Earth
just because of something as minor as one person's feeling for another."
    Sasami beckoned him to come down to her level.  He knelt down and
looked her in the eyes.
    "Victor, things like this are never minor, least of all to the two
people envolved.  Trust me, this will be weighing on both your heads
tonight.
So, go rest up for the meeting in the morning, just don't dismiss this so
easily."
    "Sasami, that has to be the deepest thing I've ever heard.  You are
truly wise beyond your years.  How did you get to be so smart so young?  Is
it because of your royal blood?  Another gift besides your healing powers?"
    Sasami shook her head.  "Nope, it was Jerry Springers final thought
last week on his 'You love me, but I think you're just white trash'
episode."
With that, she made her way back to bed, leaving Victor kneeling in the
entry
way to the garden.
    "Jerry who?"

    In the morning, Ayeka, Sasami, Victor, Kiyone, and Washu were all
gathered in the war room in a sub basement of the palace.  Ayeka looked
around the room.
    "I'm not saying I'm not glad she's not here, but where *is* Ryoko?"
She shot a glance at Victor, and the two shared another of their staring
moments.  Ayeka frowned and sighed.
    "I see. I'm sorry."
    "About what, Ayeka?"
    All eyes turned to the door, which now had a head stuck in it.  The
rest of Ryoko's body followed her sky blue spikes, and she seated herself at
the conference table.  It didn't escape anyone's notice that she tried to
sit
away from Victor.  Kiyone whispered to Washu, who just shrugged.
    "Well, now that you've *disgraced us* with your presence, purhaps we
could begin?"  Ryoko dropped her head.  Kiyone and Washu still looked a bit
confused.
    "Kiyone, if you could please enlighten us with what you've learned?"
    Kiyone rose and bowwed slightly.  "Thank you, Ayeka.  Now, if you'd
all look to the view screen, I can begin."  The lights in the room dimmed as
Kiyone fed her floppy into a computer port set into the table.  She opened
the single file on the disk and went on with her presentation.
    "Bear with me, this is kind of rushed.  Now, I aquired this disk at
Galaxy Police Headquarters while cleaning out my new desk, which hadn't been
emptied for who knows what reason.  In any case, you'll notice only one file
on the disk, labeled 'High Security Profiles'.  Nothing too unusal, I admit.
But, open this, and you find two subfiles.  'Kain' and 'Abel'.  I skimmed
the
Kain file, didn't tell me much that we didn't already know.  'Abel',
however,
had so very intriguing information.  Such as," she opened the file.  "This
is
our enemy.  Now, this is only a sketch, but we must assume it's close to
accurate."
    Everyone flinched at the face that now covered the wall sized view
screen.  In some ways, it did resemble Kain.  Same three eyes in the same
patern, similarly shaped faces, similar stripes.  However, Abel had more of
these stripes, forming M's under his lower lip and coming down the forehead
through the central eye before spliting like a serpent's tongue to go on
either side of the nose.  Also, the stripes were deep red to Kain's black.
Still, it was just as unsettling as Kain, if not more so.
    "Now, other than this sketch, the file has vitals, video of the one
failed attempt to interogate him..."
    The video came up.  It showed a young man enter an empty room and
look around.  In a flash, a hand came from under the wall mounted camera and
grabbed the man.  It was hard to tell what happened next, it was too fast,
but blood covered the camera in less then two seconds.  All they saw was
red,
all they heard was screaming and brittle snaps, all they felt was sick.  The
video clicked off, thanks to Kiyone.
    "After that, it's just another maybe half an hour of the bloody lens,
and more of those sounds.  At one point, others come in, probably security,
and you hear them snap and scream.  Thought it best to spare you and save a
little time as well."
    Ryoko kept her head down, but her eye rolled towards Kiyone and a
thick layer of tension filled the room.
    "Does or disk say how to capture this thing, or are you just gonna
waste our time with more of your technical crap, *Captain*?"
    "Actually, no, it doesn't.  Only that he was locked in the same form
of cell as Kain was, so presumeably we could catch him in the same way as we
did Kain."  With that, and taking a cue from Ryoko's glare, she sat down and
nodded to Washu.  Washu stood up, not that she gained any more height then
if
she were still sitting.
    "Now, much as I hate to rain on our thin beam of hope, may I point
out that in this fight, we *can not* use the same tactic as with Kain.  Any
of you know why?"
    Ayeka's voice came out just baely audible.  "No Tenchi, nor Mother,
so I will have to attempt to produce the Light Hawk Wings myself if we are
to
repeat our previous victory."
    Washu shook her head.  "Right, and yet so wrong.  With Lords Tenchi
*and* Yosho trapped on Earth, you and Sasami are all this universe has.  You
can't be placed in any danger.  So, I will go to operate my new subspace
cannon as there's no time to train anyone else, especially should it
malfunction in anyway when we need it.  I haven't tested it yet, you know.
I
will take with me only two people, who will try and weaken Abel while I lock
onto him."
    "Who are these two people, Little Washu?"
    "Well, princess, I thought it would be best to send at least one of
the people who was there to fight Kain, so Ryoko has agreed to go.  With
her,
I was hoping to persuade another powerful member of our inner-circle.  So,
will you do it Victor?"
    "Me?!"
    Ryoko's head came up at last.  "Him?!  Oh no, anyone but him.  Do not
make me go after this creature with him."
    "We need his power of divine intervention, as well as your inherent
skills in combat.  Besides, why are you pushing so hard to keep him from
helping you with this mission?"
    Ryoko sighed.  "No, no reason."
    "All right then.  Now, I've scanned the solar system area and found
abnormally high energy readings around Earth's moon.  Given the proximity to
Earth, I figured it would do to cross referance these energy paterns against
those of Kain.  While I did find slightly more erratic peaks and valleys on
the scans I picked up from the moon, indicating greater potentional for the
entity to-"
    "Cut the scientific bull and get on with it!  Is it, or is it not
Abel on the moon?"
    "Yes, Ryoko, I believe it is.  That is where we should head.  Also,
as we are going into the space around the Earth to fight a villain who is
a threat to life as we know it, I am hence forth calling this mission;
Operation Moonraker II!"
    "Good lord, we didn't get her away from Earth culture soon enough,
did we Miss Ryoko?  Ryoko?"
    "Hmm?  Oh, right Ayeka."
    "Ryoko, you seem rather tired this morning.  Are you quite alright?"
    "Yeah, great, lets just get on with this mission."
    "You don't look well.  Are you sure that you're up for going against
thi-"
    "I said I'm fine, okay?  I have to prepare, so if you'll excuse me,
princess."  She vanished instantly, leaving Ayeka with a less then brilliant
look on her face.
    "Washu, Kiyone, perhaps you should get should get prepared as well."
    "Ayeka, I'm not going with them on this trip, what-"
    "Then you can help Washu, can't you Kiyone?"  She indicated Victor
with her head, and Kiyone finally got the message.
    "Right, well, I'll just go give the professor a hand in the lab.  We
don't have much time to get this weapon ready."  The two walked out, leaving
Ayeka alone with Victor.
    "There's something I need to tell you, Sir, if I may speak freely?"
    "Always.  What is it, Ayeka?"
    "Get over it!  Nobody is worth getting so depressed over, least of
all Ryoko.  Even less when the fate of an empire is at stake!  If Tenchi and
Yosho can't get off the planet, odds are good the House of Jurai will fall,
which is exactly what I believe Abel wants, if he's at all like Kain.  You
need to shape up, and get over it. Besides, you were never together, and she
may not have even cared about you, so drop the weight from your shoulders-"
    "Like you did when Tenchi left for Earth?"
    Ayeka glared at him.  After a brief moment, she slapped him across
the face and back the other way.  Without a word, she stormed out, fuming to
herself the whole way.  Victor was alone with his thoughts.
    <I've lost my true love, angered the royal family, and allowed a vile
entity to escape capture by not informing the princess in time [not that
even
I knew before this, somehow].  Guess I have nothing to live for anyway.  I
suppose I should try to sleep again, not that I'll have anymore luck now
than
I did last night, but it's worth a shot>.
    He was right.  He didn't even shut his eyes before Washu came to get
him for the flight to the moon.

    Author's notes:

    People, there is only one real chapter left, and it's gonna be big!
Please excuse my brief referances to Springer and James Bond, they have
nothing to do with the plot at large, just in for comic relief.  Thanks go
out to the usual people, you the reader most of all.  Thank you for staying
with the story this long, assuming anyone is reading this.  Also, side note,
every chapter I've writen so far was writen in a span of six days.  Just to
give you an idea how fast I'm getting this all out there.  I hope to finish
chapter 25 tomorrow (wait, it's 1:17 AM).  Guess I meant later today.  Then,
I can say, "Yes, I wrote it all in a one week period."  Fingers crossed.  As
always, here's hoping you stick it out and finish the story.
    Oh yeah, minor formality, write me at VM Toumbes@AOL.com.
    ~V.M. Toumbes
