Chapter 20
        Shifting the Balance of Power on The Home Front

    On the planet Jurai, in a building not too far from the palace, a
rather large meeting was taking place.  The small, yet elegently decorated,
building was packed from wall to wall and floor to ceiling with every class
of citizen.  From the crowd of guardians, both human and log formed, at one
end right down to the other end where a poor homeless man at the other.He
had been invited in as he was passing by, to warm himself and later to fill
his belly at the feast.  It was a truly blessed day for all in many
respects.
On the other hand, all those gathered felt a sizable bit of sorrow.  They
where losing a master to be replaced by, how to describe this person, a
novice at best.  However, the hand of Fate his very own self reached into
the lives of these people, and this was how it had to be.
    At this point, a hush fell over the assembled masses.  Princess Ayeka
and her sister Sasami entered, followed by a slightly guant, bearded old
man.
The people gasped at the sight of these three people.  While it was not rare
for Ayeka or Sasami to be seen out among their people, those assembled knew
that they would never see the old man in person again so long as they lived.
This man was Gensao, the head of the Department of Facts and Knowledge on
Jurai.  He had lived several life times, and was expected to live a great
many more yet.  In his long existance up to this point, he had only left his
private library a few times once locking himself within it's walls,
communicating by way of view screen only.  For this very reason, the masses
at this assembly knew right away how lucky they were to be here for this
soon
to be historic event.
    After Ayeka, another group entered, headed by one person who didn't
have to recognize Gensao to know how lucky she was.  Ryoko had only been
working in the palace daycare for a single day and that was more then
enough.
She was going to enjoy this day off from work more then any of the other
royal servants could ever truly know.  Maybe she could even "just happen" to
mention to somebody at the feast later that she would gladly reward them for
doing nothing more then taking a message to planet Earth.  Just a simple
note
asking Tenchi to wave the charges against her and Ryo-oki so she could give
up a life of cleaning children's filthy messes off of them and get back to
galaxy hopping.  That is, of course, assuming her *lowness* Ayeka gave her a
moment of peace.  She had been watched like a hawk glaring at a mouse,
thinking whether to strike now or let the pray simmer in it's own agony and
fear for a tad bit longer.
    Once the servents were seated by the royal sisters (guess who exactly
at Ayeka's right), another man entered alone.  This was what the people had
been waiting for.  The man who was to be Aubinimity's choosen heir was
finally under their collective gaze.  Until now, only Aubinimity himself had
actually met this man, and even then hadn't really seen him.  The new-comer
was quite fond of hiding himself within the folds of a black cape and cowl.
Even now, this is what he chose to wear, covered further by the traditional
violet cape to be woren by any person being honored in the public eye.
Rumor
had it, he had put up a fight with Aubinimity about this at their last
meeting.  The young one claimed he had no right being honored by *anyone* in
this way, least of all the whole of Jurai.  He had yet to actually do
anything to deserve a cerimony such as the one he was being subjected to
now.
The only reason he bothered to show up was out of respect for Aubinimity, a
man who did deserve to be honored.  And so, for reasons of respect and
honor,
no other reason, Victor Maroo Toumbes now stood before the public eye.
    He rather enjoyed it, now that he really was doing it.
    The guardians assigned to him, Taka and Sanbon, removed his outer
cape as they had been shown how to do properly countless times since being
given this man as their first master.  It was ironic to think that they had
put in hours of training for a three second job.  Nobody even noticed them
doing it.  They were too drawn to the man inside the cape.  None of his body
was visible yet to the people.  His head was bowwed under it's hood and the
actual cape wrapped around his entire body.  Then, the cape was slowly
opened
by the spreading of two wirey arms bent at the elbow, turned up towards the
head (or rather, the black shape where a head would be), and clothed in a
skin tight, indigo body suit with vest, boots, and long gloves, all of them
in leather that was black as pitch.  Truly, this was a dark individual.
    That was when he tossed back his head, causing his hood to fall onto
his back, expossing at last the face of the new seer.  It was a shock to all
that saw him in that moment, without being properly warned of his rather
un-nerving resemblance to a face they all knew oh too well, aside from his
hair being bright red and unkept.  He even wore the same spectacle.
    It was the face of Kagato.
    The moment after his unmasking, the man was greeted by more then a
couple of harsh stares.  He had expected this however, and didn't miss a
beat
as he continued along his path to undeserved glory.  It was no use trying to
calm the people just yet, as they could be expected to show hostility, and
rightly so to be sure.  He would just have to try and prove himself to the
Juraians.  They would accept him someday, he hoped, but not likely to be any
day soon.
    "Ahem."
    The people all turned their attention back to the hall's entryway,
torn back to attention by a man clearing his throat.  It was Aubinimity, his
guardians in tow, right on cue.  He too could understand the reaction to
this
new man, he had felt it equally, but it was not proper for them to be
gawking
as they had been.  It would slide though.  He was known for being
understanding of most things.
    Aubinimity was a tall man, like his choosen heir, though an inch or
two shorter.  This, however, was one of few similarities between the two of
them.  Most important to the people, the man they had trusted had a far more
likeable face.  It was going to take a long period of time for the universe
to adjust to being repressented by the spitting image of a vile creature
they
had been so pleased to have rid themselves of so recently.  How would it
look
for Jurai to let Kagato's double so far into the inner working of the
kingdom?  He was slightly better built then this new man, however.  He wore
a
look of stength and capability that Victor so evidently lacked.  For this
reason, among so many others, he would be missed by all present.
    Finally, the cerimony itself began.  Victor inwardly hoped it would
be a simple in and out process, though the gathered crowd's sheer
massiveness
coupled with the feast to be held soon after implied otherwise.
    The old and the new faced on another at the far end of the room, a
matter of feet from the princesses on their thrones with Gensao standing
only a few feet further back, between the royal siblings.  It showed great
compassion on the part of the departing one.  He looked upon that evil,
too sharply angled face inches away from his own without so much as a
flinch.
Next, he pressed his hands together and focused inside himself.
    Soon, a thin vapor escaped his mouth and swirled around Victor.  The
mist forced it's way into his lungs, all but raping his bodily organs.  He
would have begun to scream, but for two things.  First, he had been briefed
on the events of this cerimony, known as The Shifting, and had steeled
himself in readyness.  More important, to him at least, he was too scared to
open his mouth to the gas any more then he had to.  And then, seconds after
starting, it was over.  Aubinimity spoke.
    "Fear no more, Victor.  You have been reborn with my passing breath
now your own.  One day, you will pass this breath to another in this
fashion,
adding another life to the thousands already in your lungs."
    Victor felt weak, more out of awe then pain.
    As if this brief speech were not enough, he saw things.  He *knew*
thing, things that nobody could know.
    That woman in the front row there, she had yet to tell her husband
that she carried his son.  Sons rather, as it was to be twins.  Even she
didn't know that yet.
    The man a few rows up, he was searching for the proper way to tell
his family about the growth in his brain that might kill him but for a new,
experimental surgery.
    He even knew about the night Ryoko had talked the elder princess into
a night on the town, when Ayeka had gotten throughly sloshed and got
thattattoo.  He shouldn't know that, and few would ever know of it.  I mean,
itwas in a place that the general public could only *dream* of seeing.
Andthere were many who did dream, believe me.   "I can tell by your face
you're seeing things already.  By now, you
must know the secrets of every person in this room, as I did moments ago,"
the former prophet said, loud enough for all to hear and know of this young
man's power.  Several people shifted uncomfortably in their seats.  Ayeka
blushed slightly as she glanced down a little and put a hand to her heart,
though some would say she it looked as if she were trying to cover her left
breast.
    "You shall soon look deeper, my son.  Tell me not what you see though.
Tell no one. It is the eight deadly sin, knowing.  No person must ever know
all, which is the reason that we must undergo The Shifting.  In this way, we
forget, and are cleansed fully.  You may only speak of any matter of
universal importance to the royal family.  From there, it can be decided
what
information can be released to the public.  That is our purpose.  To protect
the kingdom from surprise attacks, to offer advice, and to act as the media.
Under extreme consequences, we may provide divine intervention, but only to
persons of true future importance who have no logic means of saving
themselves.  Do you fully understand what I have told you?"
    Victor nodded, still having said nothing.  The crowd was tense, to a
visible degree.  How far did this man's likeness of Kagato reach.  His quiet
nature matched, as did his love of capes and other regal trappings.  Did he
speak with the same tongue?  Is this why he choose silence before them?  If
so, there was no doubt that he would be denouced on the spot and removed
from
this highly honorable possition.  That serpent of emporer could not be taken
back into this court, in neither soul, mind, nor body.
    "Good, then speak the oath before Gensao.  You will be granted full
knowledge then, of all happening since the dawn of eternity."
    Victor cleared his throat and looked Gensao straight in the eye.  He
opened his mouth, and spoke in a deep rumble of a voice.  It was a relief to
the people not to hear Kagaot's nasal whine waft out of his face.
    "Tenchi Muyo and all characters there in are the property of PioneerLDC,
Inc and Pioneer Entertainment (USA) L.P., as well as any company I mayhave
missed.  If so, my apologies to you.  The author owns only the writingsand
any characters he see fit to create himself.  However, all chaptersprior to
chapter twenty of this story are the property of Aubinimity only, asare any
characters he has created.  Thank you."
    Gensao only nodded at the completion of the sacred oath, known more
commenly as The Disclaimer.  With that, he gently, yet calmly, pressed his
hands to Victor's face.  A soft golden light enveloped the two of them,
pulsing in an almost hypnotic way.  With a bright flash, it was over.  The
whole room was motionless, stunned into a waking coma.  Except two.  Gensao
and Victor.
    Gensao was still as it was his way to be so.  Victor, however, was
still because he was reflecting on the information he had just been blessed
with.
    He had witnessed the birth of life.
    It had happened on Jurai, and it had been thrilling.  In a burst of
volcanic waste, several elements had been fused together.  They grew in at a
steady rate into the first Juraian.  Then more grew.  For years, life sprang
forth from these humble beginnings.  Soon, the land had been over populated.
After no more then twenty five years, the first seer arose.  It was a man by
the name of Yosho, for whom the emporor would later be named.  He discovered
his abilities when a goddess had appeared in his dreams and told him how to
use these powers.  With them, he performed the first act of what would be
called divine intervention.  He bless the trees and small woodland animals
that had also been born.  Now, they could become great ships to travel the
universe.  With the ships, the people of Jurai split into groups, each
heading in their own direction to find other planets to inhabit.  Yosho had
been able to tell them where some suitable worlds were, so it would be a
less
dangerous, as well as quicker, journey.  All but one of these ships made it.
The last ship was lost when it ran into a large anomaly in space. <Victor
focused on the memories of the people on the ship, but couldn't read a
single
thought from any of them after the anomaly.  All of them had died in that
one
second.  The first great loss in history.  It brought tears to his eyes.>
These groups would grow into the many Juraian-like races we know today,
among
them humans.  Saddly, none of their ships survived planet-fall, so the
Juraians were reduced to primative hunters and gatherers.  After a few
generations, they lost the Juraian power, and their history with it.
    It was the second great loss.
    Victor snapped back to attention and remembered where he was.  He was
at the Shifting cerimony, and it was about time for the feast.  Ayeka stood
and spoke in her clear, yet soft voice.
    "People of Jurai.  I accept this man as my new royal advicer.  I hope
I can trust you to accept him as well, dispite his def...", she stopped,
just
catching herself in time.  Victor glanced at her and grinned with the corner
of his mouth.  "Go ahead, majesty.  You can say it," he told her.  Ayeka's
face turned pale red, and her head dropped a few degrees downward.
    "Deformaty," she said, though not as clear and far softer then she
had been about to before.  She moved on quickly, to get beyond this moment.
"If you would please exit in a timely fashion, we shall begin the
festivaties
just outside.  I shall joint you presently."
    The people all stood and left.  Victor turned, about to get some food
inside himself as well, but Ayeka caught his shoulder.  "Wait, please."  He
turned to face her.
    "Yes, majesty?"  He had found a way to shut down his abilities so he
could hear her out without knowing every word before she spoke them.  It was
more polite that way.
    "I wanted to apologize for what I almost said."
    "I don't mind.  I need to become immune to the critical words and
looks I'm going to get.  Beside, all living things are allowed to let a
minor
error slip once in a while.  Even a princess such as you, majesty."  He was
about to leave when she stopped him one more time.
    "Can I ask you to do a favor for me, Victor?"
    "Anything majesty."
    "Don't refer to me as 'majesty', if you please.  My name is Ayeka.  I
prefer a casual atmosphere with my inner circle."
    "As you wish, maj...Ay-Ayeka,"  he stammered as he bowwed.  Ayeka let
a minute giggle pass her lips.
    "All living things are allowed to let a minor error slip once in a
while.  Even a prophet such as you."  They both laughed about that.  Things
were becoming calm already.  Victor was feeling better about this job of
his.
He stuck his elbow out towards Ayeka.  "Shall we, Lady Ayeka?"  She took his
arm.
    "Just Ayeka."
    With that, they set off on their way to the festivaties, and Victor
set off on the longest and most enjoyable journeys of his life.

    And now, a Fireside Chat with Victor Maroo Toumbes...

    Hello people.  In case you were wondering, I'm in charge of the story
from this point on.  For some reason, Aubinimity was unable to continue with
the writing, and it was going to be dropped from the site.  I found this out
when I wrote to him with a few corrections about his prolouge, in case he
wanted to update it at some point.  He wrote back about his situation, and
offered me the chance to adopt his fan fiction to keep it on the site.
Being
a fan of this site, and a writer in training, I gladly accepted.  Anything
to
preserve writings for future generations.  And a personal ego boost by
having
this read by people like you, but that was just an added bonus.
    Now then, about the actual writing you just read.  Firstly, Victor
Maroo Toumbes was the name I was going to write under as a novelist, since
somebody already writes under my real name.  Second, the two guardians Taka
and Sanbon are named for Mike Takashi Sandborn.  He first brought me into
the
light that is Tenchi Muyo, and is a close friend of mine, so I thought his
name would fit perfectly.  Third, in case you didn't figure it out on your
own, I'll explain "divine intervention" for you.

    divine intervention-noun-1) the force of a god or diety upon daily
life. 2) the force used when this writer types his way into a hole he can't
plausibly type his way out of (eg., getting the first race of people ever to
gain space travel quickly).

    Aside from that, I just hope you can accept me and my skills, or lack
there of.  That was the message I was attempting to cram down your throats
with this chapter.  Also, we get back to the real action in the next
chapter,
I promise.
    Oh, almost forgot; acknowledgements!  Thanks to Mike, again, you
above all others got me where I am.  D.B. Sommer and Thomas "009" Doscher,
you taught me the wonders of fan fiction, for this I thank you.  Aubinimity
who gave me this outlet.  Last, but far from least, my editor Jennifer in
Ohio.  I
just hope these people actually see this someday.
    Send comments (PLEASE, I beg you, let me know you at least *read* my
work, even if you hated it.  Feel free to tell me that if you did dislike
it) to VM Toumbes@AOL.com
    Thank you.

        ~V.M.
