Infinite Wills is based upon the OAV continuity of Tenchi Muyo! All copyrighted 
characters mentioned within this work are the intellectual property of AIC and 
Pioneer. Original characters are intellectual property of Garasu; intentional 
use without permission is bad manners.
                             *                             *                            
*

				                     Infinite Wills
			                     Part 3: Images of a Broken Past
				                     Author: Garasu
	
	Deep within the bowels of a multi-dimensional lab that also managed to 
span a few good sized planets; a lone figure was silently staring at a small 
tank holding only water and a few brightly colored fish. Just as silent as their 
watcher, the small aquarian creatures swam in circles and loops, passing from 
one corner of the small aquarium to the other in a matter of seconds. Slowly, 
the young woman lifted an arm and rubber her chin thoughtfully. Her huge mane of 
bright pink hair swaying slightly from the wind that the size of the lab 
generated, as Washu, the creator of everything before her, contemplated the 
recent events of the day.

	As Ryoko had impressed upon earlier, it was quite a strange turn of events 
that broke the Masaki family apart, albeit for a short while. As the person who 
ran thorough tests on each and every household member she could convince to 
enter her lab, Washu was quite aware of each and every emotion that the guests 
were feeling. So why then was Sasami's and Ayeka's homesickness a surprise to 
her? There, of course was the evidence that the two princesses had neither given 
much thought towards home, nor felt sadness until just a few days ago. Not even 
when their parents visited and subsequently allowed the pair to stay.

	Washu hated mysteries. The unknown was one of her only fears, and also one 
of the main reasons she loved science so. There was something just so deeply 
satisfying about solving a mystery, knowing things that others could only dream 
about, or barely comprehend. Knowledge was the diminutive scientist's only 
passion, both the collection and dissertation of it. Yet somehow a mystery had 
crept itself upon the Misaki household without her knowing about it. Never 
before had an event happened so close to her without even the slightest bit of 
fore knowledge. This bothered Washu to no end, and bid the scientist to come to 
one of the furthest corners of her lab to think and wonder.

	Could these events possibly have been instigated by someone? She wondered 
silently, continuing to stare at the bright fish swimming before her. Slowly a 
small arm reached up and swept a long pink bang away from her green eyes. 
Someone able to manipulate thoughts without her knowledge gave Washu only two 
options in her mind: the Lady Tsunami and the mysterious force behind Dr. Clay's 
deception. As for the former, why would such a benign force as Tsunami be behind 
such events as the Princesses leaving? Surely as a part of Sasami, the goddess 
of Jurai could the feel the love that the little girl felt towards this world, 
even if she could not detect the feelings Sasami had for Tenchi. There was also 
the love that Princess Ayeka held towards Tenchi, which should be at least 
radiated within the elder girl's key in turn reaching the master of all Juraian 
Trees. Yet go the two princesses did, and with very little indication that they 
would do so.

	Washu sighed and closed her eyes slightly. In her opinion, it was more 
likely that whatever force was behind Dr. Clay was behind these events as well. 
However, what this force was and what its intentions were was far beyond the 
guess of Washu. This only unsettled the ageless woman more. Lying within the 
shadow of one mystery, was yet another as well. Dr. Clay had not come for a 
social call, she certainly knew. The misguided scientist had intended to bring 
her to someone, someone whom he both feared and respected. In the time that 
Washu had known the despicable man, she had never met anyone whom Clay had held 
these notions towards, for he was a selfish perfectionist; utterly convinced of 
his own genius and perfection. In her silent thinking, Washu spared a brief grim 
smile for the doctor's fate, lying inside a heavily guarded cell in one of the 
Galaxy Police Forces most secure holds. It would do him some good to think over 
his pathetic life.

	That still left the mystery of the force, however, but Washu could not 
find any answers no matter how much she bent her will towards finding them. Only 
after hours of sitting by herself and thinking, staring at the blues, greens and 
reds of the various animals surrounding her, did a massive yawn break her 
thought. It had been ages since she had remembered waking up, and a quick glance 
at her surroundings told the pink haired scientist that it was deep within the 
night. Washu blinked slowly and tried to remember when exactly the sun set, for 
her lab was synchronized with the daylight hours of the Masaki residence on 
earth despite the fact that this current section was light years away from that 
point.

	"Rats," Washu swore, "missed dinner again." Judging by the silver light 
that now reflected within the bowels of her lab, the moon had risen high into 
the nighttime sky and dinner was over long ago. However, this do not bother 
Washu as much because she knew that Tenchi and his family counted on her keeping 
strange hours and often left a couple of portions warm in the oven. With this in 
mind, Washu exited the small door in the side of the main staircase and bore 
right towards the kitchen. Once there, however, she encountered a small 
surprise.
	Tenchi looked up from the small plate of cookies that he was currently 
decimating to find the diminutive pink haired scientist staring at him. He 
returned the stare for a few seconds them went back to staring at the plate 
tiredly.

	"Can't sleep?" Washu asked, allowing a slight note of concern creep into 
her voice. She knew how hard it was for the earthling to cope with part of the 
family leaving so suddenly, in a way she had also thought it difficult to sleep 
well knowing that Ayeka, Sasami, and Kiyone were now halfway to Jurai. It was 
also not just at dinner times that she missed the trio.

	Tenchi nodded his head silently and bite into another cookie. They had 
been a goodbye present from Sasami to him, and it seemed as if he didn't want to 
save them despite the fact that it was going to be a long time before he would 
get to eat anything more that was made by the little princess. Then suddenly 
remembering his manners, Tenchi glanced up and indicated that Washu should come 
in a share with him.

	Washu accepted the invitation with a smile and hopped up onto one of the 
high backed chairs that surrounded the small island in the middle of the 
kitchen. There, she and Tenchi sat in an uncomfortable silence for several 
minutes before either said a word. Tenchi, it seemed to Washu, was in a brooding 
sort of mood. It was obvious to her that something was very much bothering the 
young man but she didn't quite know how to broach the subject. It was at least 
partly obvious that it had something to do with Ayeka leaving, but of that Washu 
could only be partly certain. Tenchi had always been somewhat secretive, even to 
one who had probed his mind before (keeping clear of anything that he didn't 
want anyone to know, of course).

	"Do you think they'll come back quickly?" Tenchi asked so suddenly that it 
made Washu look up and blink, for the moment bereft of any reply. Then she 
smiled softly, and as encouragingly as she could. She had often acted as a 
mother figure to any of the younger family members, and she genuinely enjoyed 
the experience. Though, ironically, the one she wished to reach the most never 
let her in. To Ryoko, Washu could only sigh longingly, but the others at strange 
intervals would often find her a comforting source for advice.

	"I'm sure they will, Tenchi," She replied as sincerely as she could. Deep 
inside, however, Washu was not so certain of the reply. It was true; the 
scientist knew that whatever business that would take Ayeka away from her 
beloved Tenchi would keep the princess for a quite some time. As for Sasami, 
Washu could only further guess due to the little girl's bond with the Juraian 
Goddess, Tsunami. There was definitely something going on, though, of that Washu 
could be certain. Unfortunately, the answer just kept eluding the great 
scientist for the moment.

	Washu sighed long and softly as she bit into one of the cookies that 
Tenchi had proffered her. The problem that she faced now was more than just an 
annoyance, it had become personal. 

	The pair sat in silence for a few more minutes before one finally spoke 
again. However, when conversation was started once again, it turned to light 
matters. As if both Tenchi and Washu were afraid of getting more than just a 
little depressed by continuing to think about the travelers. There was nothing 
that could do at the moment, both knew that well and resented it greatly, but 
sit and wait for something to happen. At length, Washu finally drew in a huge 
yawn and looked across the table towards her companion. Tenchi was staring off 
into thin air blankly and idly doodling with the half cookies he still had left 
in his right hand.

	"Well, I think I'll leave you alone to your thoughts," Washu suddenly said 
out of the third silence that crept over them since their meeting began. She got 
out of her chair so quickly that the legs screeched in protest as they were drug 
forcefully over the tiled floor. "I need to get back to my lab anyway," she 
added a second later and was soon gone with a small plate in her hand that had 
been mysteriously retrieved from the oven. 

	Tenchi stared after the eccentric scientist for a few seconds and then 
shrugged. Washu had to spend more time than anybody else he knew in the presence 
of herself; not for the first time he wondered curiously what exactly she did 
while alone in the depths of that huge place. Then, as if a cold wind blew in 
from open windows, Tenchi shivered and decided most forcefully that he did not 
want to know the answer to that question. Broodingly, he brought his thoughts 
back to the mind-numbing stare of before and continued to count the amount of 
spots on the wall before him, giving no further thought towards Washu that 
night; it was her nature to be eccentric and this behavior everyone accepted as 
a fact of life.

	In truth, however, Washu was doing something that Tenchi, and indeed 
everybody else, would be greatly interested in. Not, of course, in the deed 
itself, but the mere of the sheer absurdity that it held. Washu, great 
scientist, eccentric thinker and mother in more ways than a few to all who lived 
under the Misaki roof, was going to sleep. An action that, despite the fact that 
everyone had to have some rest every once in a while (even Ryoko), no one had 
ever seen. That and factor several incidents in which it had seemed that Washu 
took no rest and a healthy myth had been born. All reality considered, this just 
happened to be the way that Washu wanted it. She was notoriously secretive in 
the best of her moods, and except for the occasional delight in lecturing, she 
chose for her thoughts to remain off limits to all. There was safety in this 
measure at least, safety from the pain of getting too close only to have to lose 
it.

	Changing for bed was a simple matter for Washu; a simple thought was all 
it took for her clothing to disappear and in an instant be replaced by a soft 
pink nightshirt with matching pants. With the same instantaneous thought, her 
hair was magically bound into a tight weave that would never come undone no 
matter how one rolled in the night. Another massive yawn split her face as she 
wandered seemingly in senseless pattern though always towards the goal of a 
large tree. 

	The large tree, in which Washu now stood in front of several seconds 
later, was of the massive Juraian breeds. It was, of course, on of the lesser 
trees as the Great Trees of Jurai were never allowed to be off planet except by 
their own ship. But a gift was a gift, and a Juraian tree seedling given in 
gratitude was not one to be refused. It had become the crowning glory of her lab 
as the huge brown limps soared hundreds of feet into the air, its perpetual 
green leaves reaching ever towards the artificial light which dimmed and 
brightened in time to the sun. However, behind this great and beautiful tree was 
where Washu was going, and rounding the trunk she came to a small door half 
hidden in the foliage. This was the door to her bedroom, a place where only she 
knew existed and the only place she could turn to if things were going bad.
	Inside, as bedrooms go, would not have been a surprise if those that new 
Washu could see it. It was decorated tastefully in her favorite color, pink, and 
in the center a huge bed lay seemingly on thin air. Indeed, that was what it was 
doing as Washu couldn't seem to sleep well on anything but. Half in a daze, the 
small scientist climbed into the floating haven and slipped under the soft furry 
covers of pink fur. Washu was asleep in an instant and so deeply that could not 
hear the alarms going off somewhere in the darkness of her lab.

	Slowly, a ghostly image began to form at the foot of the giant bed, and 
then made its stealthy way towards the side closest to the sleeping form of 
Washu. Slowly, the image began to sharpen until the form of a beautiful woman 
could vaguely be made out. The ghostly woman's hair flowed around the white 
dress that she wore, shining golden brown in the small light. Her eyes, of 
amethyst beauty, glowed slightly with an ethereal light of their own as they 
gazed steadily towards the girl before them. Slowly a small, soft smile came to 
the lips of Lady Tokimi as she gazed down upon her sister. This was the first 
time she had visited, though she had been keeping track from afar for many a 
year. Sadly, the smile was wiped from her face as she glimpsed the scientist, 
sleeping peacefully.

	"What has become of you, sister?" Tokimi asked herself, in the musical 
language only she knew. "Your form is so different from what I remember, only a 
mere girl where there once was a mighty woman, proud and strong. What could have 
caused this?"

	Silently, Tokimi considered the form before her. As a goddess, Washu could 
have done so many things which the girl had obviously not in the many situations 
she had faced. A goddess certainly wouldn't have allowed herself to be 
imprisoned by the hands of Kagato, a slimy, if useful at times, higher 
dimensional being. What then, could have happened? Was it possible to forget? 
Slowly Tokimi reached out and touched Washu's forehead softly.

	"Yes, I see what it is now, sister." She said again, removing her hand. 
"I'm sorry then to do this to you, and your daughter but the Cycle must be 
continued or we all shall perish. I hope, someday you shall forgive me." With 
the last word, Tokimi sent a single will into Washu's mind, a will that soon 
became a collective of wills, which developed into a single thought, which 
evolved into a single word: Remember. 

	With her task completed, Tokimi disappeared as silently as she came, 
regretting every moment of her actions yet convincing herself of their 
necessity. Silently, she left Washu to dream, and through her dreams, remember a 
past long forgotten, one that lay broken within fragments of her mind, and 
prayed that everything come out okay.

*						*					 *

	When Washu finally awoke, she was not where she remembered herself to be. 
Looking around, the little scientist eyed the simple laboratory skeptically. 
This was definitely not her lab connected to the Masaki house; for one thing the 
design was much simpler. Instead of variable rooms there were only several small 
ones. When she tried to access the secondary and tertiary labs linked to this 
one by subspace, Washu found the link closed. All around her there were machines 
of every imaginable size and shape, some sporting blinking buttons; others just 
appeared as a simple gray face. Accessing her portable computer, Washu also 
found that the interface had changed, she could definitely remember changing 
that little annoying crab interface ages ago. Something smelled really awful 
about the whole situation, yet for all the discomfiture, Washu strangely found 
the smaller lab familiar, as if she had been here before long ago.

	"Professor? Professor Washu?" The voice startled Washu out of her thinking 
mode and she spun around quickly. She recognized the voice immediately, but only 
when the image of the young man appeared within her line of vision did it truly 
sink in. Kagato.

	The evil scientist's form was unmistakable to Washu's mind. Though he 
appeared a bit younger then she last remembered seeing him; the flowing grayish-
white hair, the lanky build and most of all the bright yellow eyes complete with 
tiny spectacles were all there. Age wasn't a problem for the Kagato that she 
knew, however, this one strangely seemed younger than Washu remembered. He 
almost had the appearance of a youth just out of his teens. The pink haired 
scientist blinked again towards the young man facing her, truly at a loss for 
words.

	"Professor, are you alright?" Kagato asked, slightly concerned. This was a 
critical point in the experiment they were conducting, certainly not a time in 
which to become distracted. Kagato frowned a bit as he thought about the 
implications of becoming distracted. The trigger had to be activated at the 
precise moment the proportions of the chemicals were equal, if too early nothing 
would happen, if too late, though, the result would be an explosion that could 
easily take out this half of the lab. Kagato shivered. He liked his life a 
little too much to let that happen. Not to mention the perfect energy of the 
experiment would be wasted on a completely mundane use.

	Energy, that's what Kagato truly loved. He loved anything and everything 
to do with power. There were so many applications and benefits of a truly 
efficient power source that his imagination couldn't possibly cover them all. 
That thought brought Kagato to another thing he had noticed about his mentor, 
she had in her possession three round globes that from what he understood 
contained almost unlimited power. Certainly, the times she had talked about them 
she was dead drunk (especially common after a failed experiment) but Kagato was 
sure that not just a little of the information was the truth. If so, his hands 
itched with the need to test them, to try them out and map their energy levels. 
Slowly, he smiled. There were just so many uses he could think of, not to 
mention ideas that could make him wealthy beyond all dreams.

	"Yes, I'm fine," Washu added shortly, bringing her gaze back to the rising 
proportion levels and forcing Kagato to guiltily shake the gold coins from his 
eyes. Thoughts like those could get him killed. Although the experiment went 
fine and the trigger was activated at precisely the right moment, Washu became 
more and more distracted as the day progressed. Kagato would constantly hear her 
muttering about power ratios and gems. Could she possibly talking about the 
power gems he had heard her only reference in passing? Kagato leaned closer to 
his mentor, eager to catch any details about the three objects that almost had 
become his obsession.

	However, no further sound did Washu mutter until the very end of the day 
when Kagato was just finishing up a nap before going back into the experiment 
room. Suddenly Washu ran into the room shouting excitedly.

	"Get up, Kaggy; fetch Yakage for this as well I've got some very exciting 
news to share with both of you!" Kagato was so startled when Washu yelled this 
almost at the top of her lungs and then ran out of the room at top speed; he 
almost fell out of the chair he had been napping in. More curious than ever, 
Kagato found the eccentric young man that had just so recently come under 
Washu's tutelage as fast as possible. Personally, Kagato did not care much for 
the man; he had too much fire in him. Yakage could go on rants that would sheer 
the skin of even the toughest hide. Yet, by the time the pair of underlings 
arrived their professor was no where to be found.

	"Well, I hope you brought me for something good, Kagato," Yakage muttered 
as the young man sat down on a lab stool. "Are you sure she said for you to 
bring me to this room?"

	"Yes, I am." Kagato snapped, not letting a bit of his impatience being 
held back. He hated it when people questioned his decisions. The pair did not 
have to wait long in their brooding silence fortunately, as Washu came in 
minutes later with a big smile on her face and a small leather sack. The Gems, 
Kagato instantly identified, and then glanced towards his neighbor, wondering if 
the eccentric young scientist had recognized the import of what was in the red 
leather sack. Though Yakage's expression showed slight confusion at the hasty 
summons, and did not appear to know anything about the gems.

	Washu sat down and collected herself for a brief moment, trying hard to 
relieve the giddiness she felt. It had taken her weeks to work out the energy 
equations to make this project work, and now that they were finally solved she 
could create the daughter that she had dreamed about more than several weeks 
ago. Thoughts of that dream, however, forced the pink haired scientist to pause 
for longer than the patience of her two students allowed for.

	"Professor Washu?" Yakage interrupted quietly, "Was there something you 
specifically called us for?"

	Kagato sniffed haughtily, he could practically see the reverence and 
worship that Yakage held for their diminutive mentor. The pale haired youth 
thought that Washu was the Goddess of everything science and that there was 
nothing she couldn't solve. Such reverence to Kagato was a weakness, and could 
easily be exploited if his mentor were of that mind. There were even rumors that 
the pair had spent the occasional night together, though to Kagato's mind that 
was nigh on an impossibility. 

	"Yes, Yakage, I did call you here for a specific reason." Washu answered, 
allowing the smile that memories of the dreams wiped off her face to return. Her 
energy equations were finally solved, she could now integrate the three 
mysterious gems that had been with her for as long as she could remember into 
the life form she was about to create. These gems would make the daughter that 
she already named Ryoko powerful beyond all imagination, never again would one 
her children be taken away from her at a whim. It would take an entire army to 
even get near her daughter in hostility, and perhaps even then it would be a 
fight. Washu's smile broadened, she would finally be a part of a family again. 
But first things first, she needed to enlist the help of her two students to 
create the greatest experiment the Science Academy had ever seen.

	"The reason I wanted both of you here was because I have a question to ask 
of you two," Washu paused, gauging the eager expressions of her students. "I 
wish to know if you are willing to help me create life, almost completely from 
scratch."

	Yakage and Kagato both blinked at her uncertainly, though Kagato was the 
first to answer.

"Create life? Life can already be emulated by machines, why would anyone want to 
do that again?" He asked amazedly. "There hasn't been anything new in the fields 
of robotics and artificial intelligence for some time, not to mention those that 
do control the algorithms guard them viciously."

	"No, "Washu replied, shaking her head, "you misunderstood me. I said we 
will create life, a living breathing entity wholly biological in nature. 
However. with just a few modifications I added myself." Added the little 
scientist, grinning broadly.

	Yakage's mouth gaped as he considered the implications of what Washu had 
just said. Sure, cloning had been done for centuries by now, and as Kagato 
mentioned machines had gotten so efficient one could almost never tell the 
machine from biological; but to create a whole being, not cloned, not replicated 
in any way. Was it even possible?

	"Is it even possible, professor?" Yakage asked, voicing his inner 
question.

	"Up until now, no." Washu answered with a sigh. "There had always been a 
problem beginning the process from scratch. In order to make a life form, one 
needed the basic female and male reproductive cells somehow bring them together 
and then let the process naturally occur. I, however, will not be using that 
method. There will be no "father" in this experiment, just an ova from myself to 
have the basis of a beginning."

	"What will you be using to start this life form, Professor?" Kagato asked 
cynically. This entire experiment seemed slightly ludicrous to him, creating 
life from scratch? What was the point? Not to mention what the gems have 
anything to do with this new life. Kagato didn't have to wait for long to find 
the answer though, because Washu answered his question immediately.

	"Pure energy," she said, totally serious.

	Kagato balked, he hadn't expected that answer, at the same time the use 
for the gems hit him. Suddenly he became angry, for the first time showing his 
true feelings about the power he supposed the gems possessed. Kagato couldn't 
believe that Washu was going to use such a perfect energy source for the mundane 
use as powering some child that Washu wished she could have! The mere 
possibility was inconceivable to the brilliant scientist. Though just as 
quickly, Kagato suppressed the anger; feelings were a weakness, a point for 
exploitation they would neither serve him well nor reward him for allowing them 
to show.

	In the moment after his brief surge of anger, though, an idea began to 
creep into his brain. While Washu and Yakage were going over the energy 
equations that Washu claimed would be solve all the supposed problems of the 
experiment Kagato slipped over to the recording devices and activated one of the 
smaller systems with a direct line of view. It was, after all, too good of an 
opportunity to study the raw power of the gems for him to pass up.

	Soon, I will understand the power of the gems. Such marvelous power, such 
beautiful objects. He thought to himself, letting a slow smile creep to his 
lips, gazing at the trio of objects that had become his obsession. Washu was 
currently handling them gently, rolling them back and forth between her fingers 
as if he had done so all her life. She and Yakage had been staring silently at 
the final form of her energy equation for several minutes, both basking in the 
glory of a well solved problem.

	Washu smiled brightly. It had taken her weeks to solve that damned 
equation, and now that it was finally done, the project that she had always 
dreamed of would be completed. Though the nearness of the event gave her some 
trepidation as well. The germination period that she predicted was vastly 
accelerated to that of a normal child's. Only three weeks from beginning to end, 
and even after those three weeks, her daughter, Ryoko, would be a full adult or 
at least almost adult.

	"Are you ready, Yakage?" She turned to her young assistant, overjoyed to 
see the same eager grin echoed on the handsome man's face. It was really a shame 
he was so young compared to her, she had been getting so lonely as of late and 
would be nice to have someone to talk to, especially one who shared a lot of the 
same interests as her.

	"Yes, Professor," Yakage replied reverently, allowing his eager expression 
change briefly to one of adoration.

	"Are you getting this Kaggy?" Washu yelled over the shoulder, not missing 
the fact that her older assistant was standing near a bundle of recording 
equipment. She had deliberately used the nickname the young man despised to 
tease him. Kagato was somewhat of a recluse and anything she could do to draw 
the scientist out was only to the betterment of his personality.

	"Uh, yes, Professor, I am." Kagato fumbled with the small item he was 
currently holding, the comment by Washu catching him off his guard. Finally, he 
gained his wits back and control of the object came soon after and Kagato was 
able to turn on a few more recording devices besides the small one he had 
initiated earlier each watching from a different angle. After which, the blue 
haired scientist gave Washu a nervous thumbs up.

	"Good." Washu stated simply then turned back to her project. As soon as 
she turned around, Kagato's face returned to scowl. Quickly, though he caught 
his annoyance and turned his attention back to the small personal recorder 
gathering every bit of information it could. Washu's energy equations were 
really good, actually, and perfect for his plans. Though how the energy of the 
gems was made into such a compact form, Kagato could only wonder at.

	The energy that he would be able to create from his own gems would more 
than suffice his plans that had taken form over the many years he had been 
Washu's student. Kagato still considered it a waste to give this new "daughter" 
the power that the small trio of baubles controlled. However, she shouldn't be 
too much of a problem to deal with; he was after all a genius. So carefully, 
ever so carefully, Kagato watched the process before him, watched as Washu and 
Yakage inseminated the ova with pure energy, watched as the life form slowly 
took shape within the tube. All the while he applied the stolen equations to his 
own projects, secretly working on them when no one was around or when occasions 
warranted it, in his own laboratory.

	Finally the day at hand dawned. The day Washu's daughter, named Ryoko, 
would be "born." Washu was, figuratively speaking, a nervous wreck. Despite the 
fact that she was entirely sure of her methods, she still couldn't chase the one 
nagging thought that something was going to go wrong. Looking at her daughter, 
Washu knew that everything came out right. The crisp cyan hair, the draw of the 
lips, the way her eyes slanted somewhat like a feline's. Combined with a body 
that could rival any beauty queen's, Ryoko would be a force to be reckoned with 
if anyone dared try and take her away. Her daughter had it all, the power of the 
gems, the tactile genius and the strength of approximately ten beings; somehow 
if all those had failed, Ryoko's last line of defense was her own body. She 
could either seduce or entrance, it made no difference which, both would have 
the desired affect of drawing the attacker's thought processes away from Ryoko 
herself and create a weakness to be exploited.

	Washu looked around, slightly annoyed. Yakage was here, standing beside 
the disconnecting machine that would sever the false umbilical cord. However, 
Kagato was not present, which served to make her slightly nervous. Her oldest 
student had been acting rather strange lately, slinking about, smiling 
incomprehensibly and talking to himself. Most of all though, he would play that 
damned organ of his until the wee hours of the morning, keeping her up and no 
doubt by the look under his eyes Yakage as well. Finally, she sighed and gave up 
waiting for the mysteriously missing assistant. It was time to sever the cord 
whether Kagato was present or not, he would just have to watch the recording, 
she supposed.

	The final countdown began, and the diminutive scientist's excitement grew 
with every second counted down. She would finally be a mother again! As the last 
second though a soft alarm went off. Washu's eyes grew round as she realized 
what the alarm meant. That particular machine was monitoring the melding process 
of the gems and Ryoko. The gems on the girl's neck and arms began to glow eerily 
green as both Washu and her youngest assistant scrambled to find out what the 
problem was. It almost seemed as if an outside energy source was trying to 
assert control! 

	But that's impossible! Washu tried to reason with herself. Any power 
source able to assert control over those gems would have to be synchronized with 
their power! There's no known force in the universe that I've found that could 
match the power of my gems.

	Yet to Washu's amazed eyes, it was happening here, in her lab, asserting 
control of her daughter and trying to take her away from the scientist. This 
couldn't be happening, where was Kagato? She needed his help now. Suddenly, all 
at once, it dawned on her then. The mysterious attitude, the many recording 
devices the aloof often superior fa‡ade. Kagato was somehow doing this; he had 
somehow unlocked the power source for her gems. With actions born of desperation 
Washu summoned her personal computer and initiated a trace program. She would 
find that bastard soon enough and see him personally kicked out and disgraced.

	Unfortunately for Washu, just as the trace program finished, the take-over 
process initiated. Ryoko broke the glass that surrounded her and stepped out 
uncertainly, trying to make sense of the words that filled her mind. Soon enough 
they became clear and she seized the stunned Washu before any action could be 
made. As Yakage stood dumbfounded at the turn of events, Washu briefly tried to 
get herself free from Ryoko's grasp, though she knew it was no use. With the 
power she had from the gems, her newly "born" daughter would have the strength 
of an entire host of soldiers.

	Just as Washu gave up her struggle, laughter echoed through the room and 
the lab door opened silently. Standing in the doorway was her former student, 
the man who was responsible for impossibly taking her daughter away. The 
scientist immediately renewed her struggle. The appearance of Kagato was all 
that Yakage needed to snap out of his shock however, and he rushed the older 
man. Unfortunately, whatever new power Kagato had given himself to control Ryoko 
gave him several other powers he previously did not have.

	In one swift move, Yakage was blown back against the wall, knocked 
unconscious by a single blast of strong wind from Kagato's outstretched hand. 
The scientist turned renegade grinned cockily as he admired his hands.

	"Do not mess with me boy," he told the knocked out form of Yakage. "I now 
am the superior fighter." He sighed with accomplishment. "Yes, such marvelous 
power, to think this power would have been wasted on an emotional tool such as 
this thing." Kagato turned his glance towards Ryoko and Washu and frowned 
slightly.

	"Kagato!" Washu screamed, still struggling futilely within Ryoko's strong 
grasp. "What have you done to her? How were you able to gain control over the 
gems?" She then asked, trying with all her might to calm herself down and think 
rationally about the situation.

	The superior smile once again returned to Kagato's face. "Why that's 
simple, my dear professor. I just added one more step to your energy equations. 
It was not too hard for a genius such as myself to figure out how to equal the 
output, even on the same wavelength. You'll notice that is how I am able to 
control you daughter." He added snidely.

	"Unfortunately, I was not able to figure out how to give them such a 
compact form, but I think the Soja would be a perfect place to harbor my 
ultimate power, don't you think?" 

	Washu stopped struggling and stared at her former student with wide eyes. 
"You wouldn't dare."

	Kagato merely laughed and shrugged his shoulders. 
"It's the perfect vehicle for the perfect power," was all he simply said then 
began to walk out the door before stopping. "Oh and one more thing, I'm also 
taking that precious pet project of yours, I think it would be a marvelous 
addition to Ryoko's power." With that said, Kagato walked out the door, tossing 
a simple crystal back towards Washu. When it hit the stunned professor, it began 
to expand up her legs, making a crystalline lattice.

Before she had any more time to think the lattice worked its way up her body 
avoiding the points where Ryoko was holding on, effectively sealing her within. 
Just as it covered her face however, Washu was able to once again able to look 
in her daughter's eyes. They were green, the same as the color of the gems 
before this happened. Sadly, the scientist sighed and allowed the rest of the 
lattice to cover her up, closing her eyes just as it did so.

Please be well, my daughter, she thought quietly towards the form just barely 
within her consciousness. We'll meet again, someday. With that last remaining 
thought, Washu's world went black.

*						*					 *

	The door behind Kiyone slid open silently and she turned to around to see 
the slightly pensive expression of Ayeka.

	"Is she asleep?" Kiyone asked with concern in her voice.

	Ayeka nodded silently. 

	"Yes she finally went to sleep a few minutes ago." Ayeka sat down in the 
seat next to Kiyone and sighed. "I've never seen her this bad. She's always had 
nightmares, true, but never this bad or this frequently." The First-Princess of 
Jurai added, staring directly in front of her towards the endless starry sky of 
space.

	Kiyone looked towards the princess and smiled. The elder Juraian was so 
concerned for her sister. The frequent wake ups, the crying and the restlessness 
that Sasami had had in the past few days were really beginning to take their 
toll on Ayeka however. The Princess now had deep rings under her crimson eyes, 
and her hair was barely combed neatly into a single ponytail; the sign of a very 
fast transition from sleep to a full wakeful state. Her posture as well, instead 
of proud was now slouched with fatigue as she sat heavily in the co-pilots seat 
of the Yagami. The good news out of all of this was that they would be landing 
on Jurai in less than a day.

	That thought, however, gave Kiyone a reason to pause however. What would 
she do after that? She had really wanted to feel needed again, and this mission 
was a way to do that. But once it was completed, should she return to Earth and 
stay for the rest of her vacation or go straight to her uncle's after that? She 
sighed, echoing the expression worn by Ayeka. The decision was just so difficult 
to make. On one hand, she really wanted to see Mihoshi, on the other; a simple 
vacation would drive her nuts. She couldn't not do anything.

	"Kiyone?" Kiyone brought herself out of her ruminations when she heard the 
voice of Ayeka beside her.

	"Yes?" she answered back, giving her full attention to the princess.

	"I really want to thank you again for volunteering to return us. I really 
would not have liked to see anyone but Sasami's close friends know she's in this 
state. Once we reach Jurai, I'm sure I can trust the royal palace guards to keep 
quiet, but the transport vessel? I'm not quite sure."

	"I've told you Ayeka, it's no problem for me. I wanted to feel needed 
again. If taking you and Sasami to Jurai was the way to do it, then take you to 
Jurai I will. I just wish some of the others could come with us. I kind of miss 
Tenchi and Mihoshi, not to mention Ryoko, strangely enough.

Ayeka smiled and chuckled slightly. 

	"Yes, she does kind of have that effect on people, doesn't she?" Now that 
the Juraian was away from the demoness for an extended time, Ayeka could really 
see some of the merits Ryoko had, or at the very least she missed having the 
distraction of bickering with the pirate. If one thing could be said about 
Ryoko, it was that she definitely kept Ayeka at her sharpest. Thinking about it, 
it slightly worried the Juraian Princess that she missed the pirate so much. 
They certainly weren't friends, or were they? But the other person mentioned by 
Kiyone drove all thoughts of the pirate out of her head: Tenchi.

	Ayeka's smile softened as she thought about the young Earthling. What was 
he doing at this very moment? Was he missing her? Those were some of the 
foremost questions in her mind as the stars continued their rushing by the 
Yagami in an endless stream of white lines.

	It wasn't hard for the teal haired ex Galaxy Police detective to figure 
out what exactly Princess Ayeka was smiling about. One of the first things that 
were made blatantly clear to Kiyone when she arrived was that Ayeka and Ryoko 
both had very deep feelings for the boy. It was apparent in the way that the 
Demoness flirted, and the way that the Princess smiled both wildly different 
approaches but as far as she could see none were making themselves known to 
Tenchi. Which, of course, the detective could only wonder at. 

	"Ayeka? May I ask you a question?" Kiyone voiced, after a few more seconds 
of consideration. Her natural curiosity was beginning to kick in again, 
especially confronted with the fact that they were now light years away from 
earth and Tenchi was not among them.

	"Uh, sure." Ayeka answered quietly, drawing her self up out of the chair 
once again. She generally liked talking with the galaxy police detective, as 
Kiyone made a very good traveling partner, but she was so tired at the moment, 
and Tenchi was just about to kiss her in this wonderfully romantic daydream she 
had been having.

	"Why now?" Kiyone simply asked.

	"I.I'm not sure what you mean by that." Ayeka said finally after several 
minutes of silence. "Why now what?"

	"Why go to Jurai now? Yes, I realize that Sasami is homesick, but couldn't 
the worst of it have been taken care of with Queens Funaho and Misaki visiting? 
Why do you feel it's necessary to go all the way to Jurai almost without 
warning, and certainly without Tenchi? I know you love him, so why would you 
leave him now when you could have helped without leaving?" Kiyone finished, 
almost exasperated because things just weren't making sense anymore. People 
weren't acting as her original instincts said they would, earthling boys 
becoming more than they appear, Princesses running off, leaving their one and 
only love alone with a romantic rival dreams, nightmares. nothing made sense to 
her anymore.

	Ayeka blinked and considered Kiyone for a few moments. Why was she doing 
this? Certainly her mothers were looking for just a simple excuse to come visit 
Earth (not to mention Tenchi again as it seemed both Misaki and Funaho grew 
quite fond of him last time they visited), Sasami probably even missed them more 
than she did Jurai itself. So why then were they going to Jurai? Ayeka tried to 
tell herself that there was a simple explanation for it all, but she couldn't; 
she knew that it was much more than simplicity could cover. Finally the princess 
sighed and closed her eyes, trying to find some answer to Kiyone's question. 
Perhaps it would even help explain it to her as well.

	"I can't say much more than that it's just a feeling, Kiyone." Ayeka 
finally answered, looking towards the slightly older woman. "I feel as if I must 
go to Jurai, because that's the only way. Yes, you have it correctly, I do l-
love Tenchi and it was the most difficult decision I have ever made in my life 
to separate myself from him. This trip however, simply must be done there is no 
other way."

	Kiyone sat back into her cushy chair, considering what Ayeka had just told 
her. Feelings and hunches, she supposed, were a natural part of Juraian culture 
considering their powers. Even considering this fact however, something didn't 
quite add up in her mind. However, Ayeka quickly changed the subject to a much 
lighter one and the two women spent the rest of the short hours talking and 
laughing pleasantly.

	Finally, after three days of travel, the giant red ship with its two 
escorts pulled into a geo-synchronous orbit with the planet of Jurai. Kiyone 
gazed for several seconds at the giant blue globe that was the seat of power 
within the Galaxy. It had been years since she had even seen this planet much 
less visited it, and now she was to be the temporary guest of the royal family 
as Ayeka had convinced her to stay at least for the rest of the day with her and 
Sasami and see Jurai. Kiyone sighed and despite herself smiled a bit, this 
'vacation' was turning out to be quite the adventure to exotic locations.

	Within moments, a voice hailed Yagami and gave her a private landing area 
within the royal grounds. Between the lights, the guidance beams and Kiyone's 
skillful piloting, finding the area took only a few minutes and the actual 
landing was a soft and gentle as anyone could wish. Kiyone, Ayeka and Sasami had 
finally arrived on the planet surface, ready but unsure of what to expect once 
they walked out the door. Once the landing site had been determined, Ayeka had 
gone to wake up her little sister, who had slept in Kiyone's guest quarters for 
most of the journey. Now, the small princess was up in the bridge with both of 
the older women, staring out at the wide expanse of green that was the Royal 
landing field.
 
 
	Ayeka sighed softly to herself and resigned to the situation. She was 
finally home. A home she was no longer certain she cared to be, yet missed 
terribly. Also within the comfortably warm Juraian atmosphere, there existed the 
answers to all of the happenings within the past weeks. She couldn't turn back 
now, especially for her own sake. She had to find out what was wrong with 
Sasami.

	As the portal opened and the entourage that was there to greet them came 
into view, Ayeka looked longingly at the stars towards the general direction in 
which she thought Earth was at. Silently and ever reverently, she sent thoughts 
of her love to Tenchi and a prayer of safety towards his family. She would 
return soon, Ayeka promised herself that. Finally setting her expression to one 
of polite interest, as a good Princess should, she stepped out into the duality 
of familiarity and confusion.

*						*					 *

	Washu woke with a start at the sudden hard sensation at her back. The last 
thing she remembered was Kagato sealing her up within his crystalline stasis 
field, then losing consciousness. Has she been set free? Or was this just some 
sort of dream she was having while locked away?

	Slowly Washu lifted herself off the ground and tried to dust herself off. 
As she was in the middle of performing this action her hands and her brain 
finally connected in a single instant. This definitely wasn't her normal body. 
Frantically Washu looked down towards her feet and realized that instead of her 
usual five feet, she was a mere four! Letting her hands roam down her back lead 
to another startling conclusion that her hair only came down to about mid back 
level. Her clothes, she noticed, were of a lot more simplistic nature as well. 
No longer there was the Science Academy uniform she was so used to wearing. 
Instead there was just a simple green shirt matched with a faded pair of black 
pants.

	"This won't do at all," Washu said quietly to herself and began to gather 
the mental energies required for a change. First of all, she was going to make 
herself bigger, and then she was going to get rid of these simple clothes. She 
had worn the uniform to long and had gotten accustomed to the point where she 
almost did not feel comfortable in anything else.

	At about what should have been the right time; Washu focused her energy 
and willed herself to be taller. Nothing happened. Washu blinked a few times and 
tried again with the same results. She couldn't understand, she had done this a 
thousand times before. Why now, would it choose to stop working? After a few 
more attempts, Washu gave up that approach and began concentrating on her 
clothes. Several minutes later, she realized that even that did not work. 
Whatever was going on, she was stuck the way she was.

	It was at this point that Washu finally began noticing her immediate 
surroundings. She was standing in the middle of a smooth, clean swept walkway 
composed of white stone. Just a few short steps directly behind her was a 
beautifully kept garden in full bloom. The small circle of green was even 
complete with a gurgling fountain with a small cherub like creature blowing 
water from its mouth. Directly in front of her stood a huge house painted white. 
The house itself looked terribly familiar to Washu as she considered the 
colorful trim and wide expanse of a porch. Though at this moment, she could not 
place exactly from where she knew this structure.

	Following an irresistible urge to explore the house closer, Washu careful 
made her way towards the front steps leading to the door. Her smaller feet and 
lower profile taking some time to get used to before natural balance took over. 
As little Washu got even closer to the front door, the feeling of familiarity 
became stronger and stronger until a small niggling thought surfaced in her 
brain. She knew this house because this was from where she had her first 
memories! At any moment a tiny woman with messy but beautiful hair would come 
walking out the door and see her. That woman would then become her adoptive 
mother until the time she qualified for the science academy. That small long 
forgotten memory was enough to stop Washu in her tracks, waiting nervously for 
the lady to walk out the door.

	The event happened right on cue. Seconds after Washu remembered this place 
the front door opened and out walked a woman of medium build and a wild main of 
brown hair. She was wearing what could be considered a professional suit, with 
its slight resemblance to the earth attire of the same name. The velveteen blue 
of the jacket and the knee length skirt went well with the cleanly pressed shirt 
and the brilliant white lab coat that the woman was also wearing. Unfortunately, 
not expecting a small child to be directly in her path, the woman ran headlong 
into Washu, almost falling directly on top of her had the taller woman caught a 
nearby post and stopped her descent.

	"Oh!" The woman cried out, as she clung to the post with as much strength 
as she could. "What in the world? I swear I'm getting clumsier everyday." 

	Washu could plainly hear the woman begin talking to herself, while rubbing 
a sore ankle, still clearly unaware of what she ran into. Finally, as the woman 
set her right foot down cautiously and then began to take another step forward, 
she noticed the small form directly in front of her and the reason for her 
apparent clumsiness.

	Little girl and adult spent several second staring at each other. Green 
eyes perfectly reflecting a pair of deep sapphire blue until finally, the blue 
ones blinked.

	"Oh, hello there!" The brown haired lady exclaimed; her expression of 
confusion melting away into one of kindness. "How did you get here?"

	Washu, or at least the consciousness that was the dreaming Washu, wanted 
to answer the question as best she could. Unfortunately, as real as it seemed, 
this was only a dream, and as such was bound by the unbreakable rules of the 
past. So the only answer the woman received was a shy stare and a slight shake 
of the head.

	"You don't know?" The woman frowned, then bent on one knee bringing her 
head about level with little Washu's. "Do you know where you mommy and daddy 
are?"

	Another shake of the little girl's head answered that question.
	"No?" The frown on the woman's head deepened as she thought about the 
situation. On one hand, she couldn't be late for the project that was due to 
start today. On the other, she very well couldn't leave this poor thing here on 
her front steps. But what if her parents came while she wasn't here? Over and 
over again the questions circulated within her mind, each choice was carefully 
weighed against each other in a manner that could only be described as intensely 
scientific until finally, she reached a decision. 

	A smile slowly spread across her pretty face again as she once again 
regarded the little girl in front of her. "My name is Misuko; would you like to 
come to work with me today? I'll bet your parents are very worried about you, 
and we can access a scanner at my lab." Misuko smiled warmly, placing all her 
trust within that smile.

	Washu smiled shyly and merely nodded her head once again and extended her 
hand towards Misuko's. Something deeply within the small girl's mind impelled 
her to trust this woman with all her heart, not to mention the strange feeling 
of comfort that she felt when the world 'lab' was mentioned.

	"Oh!" Misuko turned around quickly while scrawling a quick note to place 
on her door. "Silly me, I forgot to ask you your name!" She smiled widely again 
and picked up the little girl, holding her in the crook of her arm protectively.

	Despite herself, little Washu smiled. 

	"Washu." She said, very shyly.

	"Well, my little Washu, shall we go to Misuko's nice laboratory now?" She 
asked of the little girl in her arms, finishing the note quickly and sticking it 
to her front door in plain view, just in case someone should coming looking for 
Washu. She had even placed the child's name visibly on the cover so the person 
would know it was for them. Then she quickly left for the vehicle parked at the 
side of her driveway and it was off to work.

	A comfortable forty-five minutes later, Misuko and her small guess were 
walking into a huge glass structure that at first glance appeared to be nothing 
more than a simple office building. Once inside however, the security was 
airtight. This was the galaxy famous Laboratory of Energy Resources building, a 
division of the Galaxial Science Academy. This simple structure was the 
epicenter for all the latest research into variable energy forms, alternative 
fuels, and ionic weapons shielding; though the latter was in its smaller 
advanced weapons and defenses department.

	Still Carrying the toddler Washu, Misuko approached a small non-descript 
entrance near the side of the building, away from the main entrance. This was 
the employee's entrance. Though it was really only used by the most senior 
scientists and researches when they wished to avoid certain events that were 
going on in the main lobby. Here, there was a simple check in desk with three to 
four guards posted conspicuously. Though non-human security measures in this 
entrance were numerous and very effective.

	"Good morning, Kaj." Misuko said to the nearest guard. When the young man 
turned towards the sound of his name being called, she smiled brightly and waved 
at him. This event in itself was enough to make the poor guard turn bright red. 
It was well known that the bright young guard had a heavy crush on the senior 
scientist. It was also a fact, that Misuko loved to make his affection evident 
being the teasing light natured woman she was.

	"Go-good morning, Misuko." Kaji stammered and turned even redder as Misuko 
bent over a little to sign her name on the clearance form.

	"I will be bringing a little guest with me today, I'm sure she's not 
capable of doing much where I'll be." Misuko finished, turning her smile up a 
notch and looking directly at the poor guard.

	"W-well, we're not supposed to let kids in, Misuko, you k-know that." Kaji 
tried to remain somewhat officious, but in the onslaught of Misako's attack his 
resolve was melting like butter in a frying pan.

	"Oh, I know Kaj-chan." Misuko pouted, making full use of the affectionate 
nickname. "But I've no where else to put her, and besides, I think she'll be 
better off in the lab anyway." Misuko's smile suddenly returned and brightened 
by one more factor, poor Kaji couldn't resist a second longer.

	"Alright, Misuko." Kaji sighed and wished that for once the pretty 
scientist didn't tease him so much. "But if I hear anything about this later, I 
will not accept the blame."

	"You're so nice, Kaj-chan." Misuko replied, kissing the boy lightly on his 
cheek, setting the poor guard's nose bleeding. "Hello boys." Misuko then turned 
her smile on the other three intently interested guards. "Protect my lab well, 
today." She called over her shoulder with a wave.

	Kaji just sighed and shook his head. I'm never going to wash this cheek 
again. He thought silently to himself. Then he carefully schooled his expression 
back into a more appropriate watchful stare.

	Meanwhile, Misuko's lab team had begun preparations to begin the test 
stages of their latest experiment. It was at this point, the pretty senior 
scientist sauntered in toting a small Washu in her arms. Though in the hectic 
atmosphere that was the preliminary countdown, no one noticed her as she placed 
the small girl on the floor near some inert metallic walls.

	"No, you stay here and be a good girl for Auntie Misuko, alright?" she 
smiled warmly as the child nodded affirmative then promptly sat against the wall 
and watched the happenings with unveiled interest.

	"Now, Sanko?" She called over to her assistant who was just jogging by her 
that moment.

	"Hunh? Oh Misuko, you're here, great!" the assistant senior scientist 
smiled and gave his boss a quick hug. "I was beginning to think you wouldn't be 
able to make the unveiling of your baby."

	"I wouldn't miss this for the world," Misuko replied happily. "Now what 
has been initiated? Have there been any problems so far with the initiation 
sequence?"

	"Hmm, well there was a slight problem with." Washu couldn't hear the rest 
as the pair began to walk outside of her hearing range. In sense she was ad to 
see the older woman go, but there were just so many fascinating things going on 
near here, that soon the little girl's attention was drawn everywhere. There 
were scientists in white lab coats running around everywhere she turned, all 
going through a pattern less dance that seemed only known to themselves, yet fit 
intricately with their neighbors. Somehow, but only just vaguely, little Washu 
could understand what they were saying, and what exactly they were doing. Though 
she couldn't know it, all of these feelings were directly from the small bit of 
the elder Washu's consciousness leaking out to the forefront. In either event, 
little Washu sat there and watched the actions without twitching, doing exactly 
as Misuko told her to do.

	Watching the lab scientist for an extended amount of time, however, began 
putting the small girl into an extremely relaxed state. After a few moments in 
this dizzily happy mood, Washu began to nod to one side, until she woke with a 
start. A few minutes later she nodded to the other side, but this time didn't 
have the will to fight it off. The spell of the scientist's movements proved too 
much to resist for any more time. Within seconds, Washu had curled up into a 
little ball and fell fast asleep. Later, as Misuko was passing by the area where 
she left the little girl, she saw that Washu was fast asleep. The elder woman 
spared a brief warm smile, and then walked on intent on her original errand.
 
 
	All people dream and little Washu was no exception. Unfortunately, during 
one of the happiest she would ever remember she was rudely awakened. The dream 
of a family, perhaps a bit of foreshadowing with the bond she was forming with 
Misuko, ended abruptly with the sound that would forever change her life.

	Washu woke with a start to the sound of alarms and claxons going off 
everywhere. A strange red light filled the room she was in with an eerie blink. 
Everywhere the little girl looked there were people running all over the place, 
trying to get a sense of the situation and what to do about it. In the middle of 
everything, she found Misuko, the somewhat happy go lucky personality gone. In 
its place stood a firm leader, ordering everyone about, making decisions that 
only someone with her experience could make as the senior scientist.

	"Cooling gone red line!" Someone screamed from Washu's right. "Primary 
system backups initiating, running at only one-third capacity!"

	"Primary power cables cut; the main unit is not receiving commands!" 
Another shouted, this time from Washu's left.

	"Run the secondary cables to our backup, increase power flow to cooling 
units!" Misuko yelled at the top of her lungs, trying hard to be heard over the 
sound of the flurry of activity. "Begin evacuation immediately, I don't want to 
see any body here that doesn't need to be here!"

	"Misuko! The power has been cut off to the entire laboratory! We can't 
open the doors!" Even as the one called Sanko was running towards Misuko and 
telling her this, the room went black followed by the energy floodlights 
blinking on seconds later.

	"Then use the manual open override!" Misuko threw Sanko towards the glass 
switch designed to force the doors open in case of emergency. But it was no use, 
the second the doors opened Sanko discovered that the containment blast doors 
had already been sealed, isolating the rest of the group from the LER building.

	"This can't be happening!" The frantic assistant yelled, kicking the 
double thick doors futilely. "They've locked us in, there's no escaping now!"

	"Then we'll just have to contain the leak!" Misuko refuted, but only on 
the exterior was she so calm. Inside she was in turmoil. They had just been 
locked in by their fellow employees, sacrifices to the ultimate necessity of 
preserving the rest of the LER building as well as pointing out flagrantly the 
chances of any of them ever seeing the sun again. How in the hell did this get 
so bad?

	Quickly she found Washu, huddled in the corner, trying hard to stay out of 
the way. Poor thing, she thought to herself. Probably her first day away from 
her parents and she may never see them again now.

	Instead though, this thought gave her new courage. Little Washu will see 
her parents again, she thought viciously, then gathered the girl in her arms and 
started issuing new orders.

	"Sanko, get online with the mainframe and try and re-route the power we 
have left to the containment shields. If this thing goes we want to make sure 
that we will be safe at least. There's no salvaging our project now." She 
continued sadly, and it would have been a lovely new energy process too.

	Sanko had no time to initiate the command however, as one of the lab techs 
suddenly dropped her clipboard and clapped a hand to her mouth, staring directly 
at one of the output screens. Coming over to the screen the young woman was 
looking at, Misuko's eyes grew wide.

	"Oh hell." She stated calmly and hugged Washu to her. The core had just 
gone breach, and any second now there would be an explosion on monumental 
proportions, one that the containment doors had no hope of withstanding. How in 
the hell could a breach produce so much energy?" Misuko thought to herself as 
she watched the energy readings spike. This is definitely far from any 
projections anyone of us had.

	Misuko turned to Washu and smiled sadly. "I'm sorry little one, for not 
bringing you to your parents. I hope they somehow will forgive me." Out of the 
corner of her eyes, Misuko could swear she saw a red light emanating from one of 
the girl's pockets, but dismissed it off hand as the reflections of the warning 
lights.

	Everywhere around the young woman, lab techs and research scientist alike 
stopped what they were doing, sensing their immanent deaths. One by one they 
turned towards the shielded windows and watched as their beautiful energy core 
exploded, filling the room with and an extremely bright light. Misuko ducked and 
held Washu closer to her and screamed along with the scared little girl then 
blacked out, letting the sweet form of unconsciousness ease the pain from the 
heat generated by the explosion.

	I'm so sorry little one. 

	Hours after the incident, alone in the rubble of what was once the famous 
LER building, emergency workers wearing special contact suits found a hollowed 
out area near the epicenter of the explosion, protected by a small spherical red 
shield. In the middle of the shield was found a young woman in a tattered white 
lab coat and a small girl with wild pink hair huddled together and unconscious. 
Such was the story of the only two survivors of the LER disaster.

*						*					 *

	Washu.

	The voice that came to Washu's ears was sweet and melodious. She knew that 
voice, is she could just think hard enough about it. Washu could swear she knew 
that voice from somewhere.

	Washu.

	The voice came again, this time though with a hint of impatience.
	Washu looked up towards the direction where the sound was coming from. 
Sometimes it seemed as if it was coming from everywhere and nowhere at the same 
time. Though if the petite genius concentrated hard enough, she could figure out 
the general direction. Slowly she opened her eyes to greet the softly impatient 
voice. When a softly glowing figure could be discerned, Washu opened her eyes 
even wider as she tried to make out whether or not she knew that form.

	"I know you from somewhere, don't I?" She asked weakly, still trying to 
get over the fading images of her last dream sequence.

	"You should," the melodious voice said. "I find it hard to believe that 
you have forgotten so much, sister."

	Washu's eyes blinked in confusion at this form's use of 'sister.' What did 
she mean by that? Taking a closer look at the white figure standing before her 
Washu took into account the flowing brown hair, the bright purple eyes with 
small, round, and black pupils. She noticed the eyebrows of light green that 
extended out beyond the circular face almost like cat's whiskers if they weren't 
so high on the forehead. The slim corporeal body was vaguely transparent but 
still showed enough that Washu knew she wasn't a dream, or a ghost.

	"What.What do you mean by 'sister'?" Washu asked quietly. "I have no 
sister that I'm aware of."

	"That is because you do not remember us; in reality you have two sisters." 
The woman answered calmly, and then went on without pause. "However, it is time 
for you to remember us once again. The Cycle has willed us to continue on 
without delay anymore. His Will bids all of us to place our plans in motion."

	"Whose will is this?" Washu asked, beginning to stand up and face the 
stranger in confusion. She definitely did not like the idea of someone 
controlling her, nor her actions. "What plans must we send into motion now?"

	The ghostly figure closed her eyes and shook her head sadly.

	"You truly do not remember anything." She said simply. "I had hoped that 
through your dreams you would remember parts of yourself that you had tried to 
forget, but also parts that reveal in a simple manner who you once were, and who 
you must become once again."

	"What do you mean?" Washu asked again, getting slightly agitated that this 
person was not answering her question directly. "I am Washu Hakubi, my mother 
was Misuko Hakubi and I never knew my father."

	"You fail to understand," the figure said. "Do you have them?"

	"Have what?" Washu asked, now getting more than slightly annoyed.

	"The Gems. The small trio of objects that you've had since you could 
remember," the woman pressed.

	"No, I do not. Two of them are still left in the sword, Tenchi, and one of 
them is used by my daughter." Washu answered crossly.

	The woman sighed. It would be somewhat more difficult now to show her, but 
somehow must. All it would take for Washu to gain her powers back is to 
remember. The Cycle could continue then as it always had, as it was meant to do. 
If the child before her wasn't going to remember herself then it was time for 
her to switch tactics.

	"I am Tokimi," the woman began slowly. "I am a goddess and I rule the 
higher dimensions of life. Things beyond the eyes and ears of normal mortals."

	Washu was not too startled by the information; she had heard that name 
before now. Though she was rather surprised that this 'dream' was taking on such 
a tangible quality. Her mind should be completely blocked from anyone getting 
inside her head.

	"I'm sure you're familiar with Tsunami?" Tokimi continued, gauging Washu's 
reaction as she went. At her sister's nod, she went on. "She is also a goddess, 
as you're already aware of. However, she rules the lower dimensions, the ones 
dominated by mortals. Particularly, she has an interest in Juraians, whereas my 
interest lies in a people far beyond their realm of knowledge."

	Washu blinked. "Yes, that's all well and good I'm sure. But what does this 
have to do with me?"

	Tokimi sighed, for a supposed genius Washu could be pretty dense.

	"This has to do with you, sister, because we need you to remember once 
again. Otherwise, the Cycle will be broken and basically, the universe will 
end." Tokimi watched her sister carefully, trying to determine the slightest 
reaction. She expected in the very least disbelief and awe. Instead Washu closed 
her eyes, and then thought for a bit.

	"All this from one little girl refusing to remember, I'm impressed." Washu 
said finally, the suddenly she smiled. "I never knew I was so important!" she 
yelled excitedly.

	This was not the reaction Tokimi expected at all. In fact, she just about 
shorted a fuse by this reaction. This, of course, was exactly what Washu wanted 
her to do. Taking a small breath, Tokimi calmed herself down and tried to remind 
herself that that was just how her sister dealt with the unknown or the 
difficult; she made a joke or acted in a childish manner. So with as much 
platitude as she could, Tokimi went on with her explanation. 

	"You are indeed the third goddess. However, instead of serving a specific 
realm you function as a bridge between our two planes of existence. Although you 
have not ever seemed to have invested interest in any specific race you have, in 
the past, served both my people and Tsunami's people on an equal basis."

	A brief image flashed before Washu's eyes of a time long ago, standing 
before her two older sisters. Though the image was gone in a matter of seconds, 
the thought stuck in her brain. IF she were a goddess, though, then why have the 
gems?

	"Why are my gems with me then? Shouldn't I just have the powers that you 
or Tsunami has without them?" Washu asked.

	They are the physical manifestation of your powers." Tokimi replied. 
"Without them you cannot function as a goddess. Only with them will you be able 
to take your rightful place amongst us again."

	"What if I say no?" Washu asked very seriously. She wasn't a genius for 
nothing, she knew that this decision if it were hers to make would ruin several 
people's lives. Including her own daughter's.

	Tokimi lowered her head for a second and sighed softly. She could see that 
Washu was already beginning to remember through brief images. Once full or even 
partial memory was restored the gems would automatically synchronize with her 
powers and begin re-absorbing back to their rightful owner. It was pointless to 
Tokimi for Washu to keep such silly attachments to mortals anyway, even if it 
was her own 'daughter.'

	"You have no other choice," the goddess stated quietly. "If you choose not 
to remember, you deny who you are as well as doom every living thing in this 
entire Universe. If you remember, but try to resist what comes naturally you 
will only serve to make the pain worse for those you care about."

	Another brief memory flashed before Washu's eyes. This time however she 
was able to determine a small part of what it was about. She stood before 
Tsunami, but the Tsunami of this time period. The resemblance was still there, 
of course, but there were subtle differences between the Goddess merged with 
Sasami and this one. In this image, Tsunami was bent over something with tears 
in her eyes. Washu could see that it was a boy about Tenchi's age and dressed 
similarly to the young Earthling when he was using the powers of the Light Hawk 
wings.

	A closer inspection of the images proved that a small pool of blood was 
forming near the young man's back and Tsunami's hands were stained red along 
with several of her outer robes. A quick look several yards away from the pair 
revealed Tokimi standing above a kneeling figure with several cuts himself 
though definitely not as bad. A small triumphant smile was spreading across 
Tokimi's face as she looked upon the scene before her. Triumphant victory!

	Although the memory was simply that, a series of images that happened eons 
in the past, Washu could feel her anger building both in the past and within 
herself. She could sense her past self gathering all of her powers, bent on 
destroying the one thing that could make her younger sister cry. A brief flash 
and Washu suddenly found herself back in her own time, still dreaming of her 
conversation with the image of Tokimi. But her anger was still there, her powers 
beginning to build within her.

	"You ordered your liege to kill that boy," Washu stated dangerously 
towards the image before her. "Those are not the rules; you broke them with full 
knowledge of what it would do to your sister."
	Tokimi looked down for a second, but quickly squared her face again, her 
eyes bright with anger and a few unshed tears.

	"I had to do it," she stated quietly. "I knew it hurt Tsunami, but it was 
the only way to defy the Cycle he put before us. We must break the rules every 
once and while, and it is more than worth it if it buys us more time to end the 
game that we are all bid to do."

	"You still killed, in cold blood," Washu stated under her breath, still 
feeling her powers growing beneath her. But in an instant realized what it was 
doing to her and viciously tried to stop it. It was, however, too late. Washu 
could feel her body begin to grow to normal size, her consciousness expanding 
until the Scientist could see the lines of time and other dimensions appear 
before her.

	"No. NO!!!!!!" Washu screamed as the memories flooded her mind and the 
power redoubled, flowing through her veins like water. Slowly, the goddess Washu 
slunk to the ground with tears brightly burning in her eyes. Then Tokimi, who 
was standing before her for a few moments watching the spectacle, disappeared 
with a sad smile on her face. It was done.

	"No." Washu whispered to the darkness surrounding her.
											 
	Ryoko watched the ceiling with quiet regard. It had been ages since she 
last slept, but somehow she couldn't bring herself to do so yet. Somehow knowing 
something was coming to a head. Her suspicions were answered quickly with a 
sharp headache followed immediately by her mother's link disappearing from her 
head.

	The pain was like nothing the demoness had ever known and she let out a 
cry of surprise as her body became airborne. The impact she had with the ground 
was nothing compared to the fire now spreading throughout her body, then within 
moments centered on her left wrist. Slowly and painfully the now scared Ryoko 
watched in horror as the gem implanted there began to glow hotly and 
disintegrate. This last moment was more than she could handle, and the brave 
woman let out a scream like none that had been loosed in the Masaki house 
before. 

	In a moment Tenchi was out of his bed and running as fast as he could 
towards the sound that had woken him out of a demented dream. When he arrived on 
the scene, Ryoko was already unconscious, and Mihoshi was immediately behind 
him.

	"Ryoko?!" Tenchi asked shaking the demoness lightly. "Ryoko!!" he shook 
harder but to no avail. She was out cold. There was only one person Tenchi could 
think of who could fix this, and so with Mihoshi's help, the young man began 
carrying his burden towards the portal door that led to Washu's lab. The 
eccentric scientist and Ryoko's mother the only person now who could even think 
of what do to.
 
 
	Washu woke with a start in her own room, suddenly larger than she was when 
the woman went to bed. Then the dream she had came to her and Washu looked down 
at herself, suddenly knowing all that had happened while she had been asleep. 
Her daughter was unconscious, in shock at the sudden loss of the power that gave 
her energy. Tenchi was on his way with Mihoshi and the girl she had failed to be 
a good friend to and now failed to be even a good mother. Slowly she got on her 
knees and bent towards the soft pink covers, tears streaming from her eyes.

	"What have you done to me?" She asked of the heavens above her. When no 
answer came, however, she broke into irregular sobs only getting several 
coherent words out of her mouth.

	"What have I done to her?"

                                                               End

	Author's End notes: Wow, this one definitely took a lot longer than I ever 
thought it would take. It was insanely difficult sometimes to get through some 
of the dialogue and I even had long spurts of nothing to write. But finally, my 
muse bit me hard enough to finish this dang thing. ^_^ Hope you liked it, and 
don't worry part 4 is being written right now, but probably won't be up until 
after Christmas. Maybe not even until late January depending on my muse. Until 
next time, let me know what you all think! --Garasu   P.S.--It's now way later 
than January and I haven't been coming well with Part 4 because in large part of 
school. Do not worry, it's still being written and if I stick to my outline Part 
4 everything starts coming together and the action begins to pick up so stick 
around!! (Post Scripted 4-16-02 @16:00)
	
	
