Tenchi Muyo! and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC save 
those created by the author.  This is a fanfic, is not for profit, and does not 
express the views of Pioneer or AIC.

Tenchi Muyo! Insurrection: Revelation

	In the last chapter we left Ryoko and the others on the earth, as the 
leader of the insurrectionists was about to address the universe.  At the same 
time an incident was about to occur in the Holy Council of Jurai.

	"Then this is settled," proclaimed Sagami as he placed his marble gavel 
onto the bench.  "We shall give the Galaxy Police full jurisdiction in this 
matter."  A voice of agreement came up from the gathered council.  Sagami looked 
over his notes for the meeting when a messenger whispered something into his 
ear.   No one paid the intrusion much attention since such interruptions were 
commonplace.  But a few members did notice the immediate change of expression on 
Sagami's face.  When he sent Azaka and Kamidake storming out of the chambers 
back entrance many took notice.
	"Is there a problem, Lord Sagami?" asked one of his ministers.  Before he 
could reply the large wooden doors of the council hall were thrown open.  With a 
loud clamber a number of heavily armed soldiers burst into the crowded chamber.  
A few royal guards' took aim at the intruders but were quickly gunned down by 
the insurrectionists.  Several council members tried to escape but were held up 
by the intruders.  Before he could act Sagami was surrounded.  He summoned his 
Jurai power turning his brown hair golden. Four black marks appeared on his face 
and his eyes turned a shade darker.  He reached for the hilt of his master key 
when a familiar voice quieted the chamber.
	"That is enough, Lord Sagami," it boomed from the doorway.  "I would like 
for this to be a bloodless coup de tat."  All eyes were on Marcus Rogal as he 
proceeded down the aisle dressed in all the fineries of the emperor.  His boot 
falls clanged through the chamber as everyone watched in silence.
	"Are you seizing power, Rogal?" asked Sagami who did not hide the disgust 
in his voice.
	"No, no my lad.  I am far too old to become emperor.  I am just the new 
emperors envoy," he said with a wicked grin.
	"And who would this new emperor be?" inquired Sagami as he surveyed the 
number of insurrectionists in the great chamber.  He moved his hand slowly 
towards the hilt of his sword when two of them charged their guns, which gave 
off an audible click.  Sagami moved his hand back to his side and dissipated his 
Jurai power.
	"He will address the universe momentarily.  Shall we watch?"   With that 
Rogal waved his hand towards the large monitor behind them.  The screen blinked 
on and the new emperor came into view.  Sagami's reaction echoed that of Ryoko's 
half way across the galaxy. 
"What the hell?"


	"I am Tenchi Masaki, the true emperor of the planet Jurai, and of all its 
territories."	

	"It can't be," muttered Ayeka as she witnessed Tenchi's statement.  
Azaka and Kamidake made it to her chamber just as Tenchi began to address the 
universe.

	"I am the direct descendant of Yosho, the first crowned prince of 
Jurai.  By the ancient and sacred traditions of Jurai I evoke my claim to the 
throne as the grandson of the first crowned prince.  This right supercedes all 
other claimants to the imperial throne.  
	"My representative on Jurai, the exalted Marcus Rogal, has already 
asserted my claim to the Holy Council, which has given its unanimous consent.  I 
can no longer stand idly by and watch the good people of Jurai be abused by 
Ayeka and Sagami's reign. I beseech my people to rally behind your true emperor.   
My people: Rise up! Together we shall over come the false king and queen and 
return Jurai to its former glory.  May Tsunami guide you and long live Jurai!" 

	As the screen faded out Sagami could barely believe what he had just 
witnessed.
"You see my dear Sagami," began Rogal as he relieved him of his master key, "it 
is already over."
	"I do not know what you have done to Tenchi, but he is not speaking for 
himself.  The person I know would never issue such a statement."
	"And why not?" asked Rogal, tapping Sagami's chest with the butt of the 
sword hilt.
	"Because he loves Ayeka and would never harm her."
	"Who said he is going to harm her?  Lord Tenchi will have nothing to do 
with her execution.  That joy is mine alone," finished Rogal with a deep laugh.  
	"You bastard!" spat Sagami as he lunged towards Rogal.  One of the 
insurrectionists struck the back of Sagami's head with his rifle butt.  The 
deposed king fell to the floor in a crumpled pile.    
	"Don't fret, Lord Sagami," began Rogal sarcastically.  "She will not be 
alone in death."  Rogal turned his attention from Sagami to the horror-struck 
Holy Council.
	"You had a chance to support me once before and your silence nearly damned 
you then.  Do not let it damn now.  Is there any objection to Lord Tenchi's 
claim to the throne as first crowned prince?"
	"This council will not be held at gun point to support your usurpation, 
Rogal!" proclaimed one minister as he rose from his desk.  As soon as he 
finished his statement a shot rang out and his head vaporized into a red mist.  
The rest of the council watched in shock as his lifeless body fell over his 
desk.  The click of another round being slid into the breach of the gunman's 
pulse rifle echoed across the hall.
	"Like I said, there are no objections to Lord Tenchi's ascendance."

	"Lady Ayeka we must leave now!" said Azaka as he grabbed Ayeka by the arm.  
She was in a total state of shock.  The person she loved second only to her 
husband had just announced that he was overthrowing her as ruler of Jurai.  She 
could not believe it.  Finally Azaka and Kamidake's desperate pleas brought her 
back to reality.
	"What about Sagami?" she said franticly.
	"He said he could handle himself," reassured Kamidake.  "He gave us 
specific orders to get you out of the capitol as soon as he was informed of 
Rogal's presence in the palace.
	"He knew?" asked the dumbfounded Ayeka.
	"He did not know precisely what was going to happen, but he suspected 
Rogal was up to no good.  Please, we must hurry."  They escaped out the back 
passageway just as the insurrectionists burst into the royal chamber.  Using 
their knowledge of the palace's inner workings and secret passages Azaka and 
Kamidake managed to get Ayeka to the palace's spaceport undetected.
	"The royal yacht is waiting," said one loyal pilot.  
	"You will be remembered," Ayeka said as they entered the ship.
	"It is my honor to help you Lady Ayeka.  Lord Sagami has saved my life on 
several occasions," he said as he took the pilots seat.  Just then Ayeka 
recognized the pilot as the Security Chief from the space dock.
	"Thank you," she whispered as the shuttle accelerated through the clouds.  
Several of the defense stations tried to lock onto the shuttle but the pilot 
evaded them all.  As they broke free of the planets gravity two fighters began 
to follow them.
	"What now?" Azaka asked.
	"We get out of here," said the Chief as the shuttle jumped to hyperspace.  
"Any suggestion as to where we go?" he asked the deposed Ayeka.
	"Yes.  I know precisely where we must go."

	Marcus Rogal was sitting in the royal library as the messenger approached.  
As defacto emperor he had all the time imaginable to indulge in his precious 
books.  The Holy Council had been dismissed after agreeing to his proposals. Any 
one who objected had been eliminated.  He was certain that loyalist forces would 
try to reclaim the throne, but he was confident that his forces were far 
superior.  He had been planning this day for over two years.  And now that it 
was here he reveled in it.
	"Lord Rogal," the young man began, "Lady Ayeka was allowed to escape in 
accordance to your orders."
	"Good," replied Rogal never lifting his eyes from his ancient text.  
"When shall Emperor Tenchi arrive?"
	"The Lady Arianna predicts their arrival with in the day."
	"Very good," he said dryly.  "You are dismissed."  The young man saluted 
and left Rogal to his books.  "Very good indeed."


	"Tenchi," whispered Sasami as the newscast went back to the thunderstruck 
reporter.
	"There appears to have been a coup de tat on planet-."  He was cut off as 
an energy bolt from Ryoko smashed through the television screen.  
	"Get out of there Ayeka!" Washu yelled across the videophone.  To her 
relief she saw Azaka and Kamidake pull her away just before the screen went to 
static.	
	"What have they done to my son?" asked Nobeyugi as he tried light another 
cigarette.  His hand was shaking so badly that he could not keep the lighter 
still long enough.  Finally Nagi took the lighter from him and lit the smoke for 
him.
	"Ryoko, did you recognize the person in the black cloak behind Tenchi?" 
asked Washu.  Ryoko had a puzzled look on her face for a second before it dawned 
on her.  What puzzled Washu was the stern look on Katsuhito's face when she 
pointed Arianna out.
	"Yes.  But I thought she died nearly a millennia ago Washu.  Can it really 
be her?"
	"Who?" Kiyone asked from her holo-link.
	"Arianna," stated Washu flatly.  "Kagato's daughter."
	"Kagato's daughter?" asked the others in unison.   
 	"And my greatest rival," said Ryoko who still had a blank look on her 
face.  "Next to Nagi that is."  The bounty hunter shot her a quick smirk in 
appreciation of the compliment.
	"Arianna was created by Kagato just as I created Ryoko," began Washu as 
she typed feverishly at her keypad.  A three-dimensional display of fuzzy battle 
images was displayed for everyone to watch.
"He even used Ryoko as a template.  His reasoning for creating her was that he 
felt Ryoko was 'defective'.  She was too difficult to control."  Ryoko shot her 
mom a menacing look and told her an explicit description of what she could do in 
her spare time across their empathic link.  
"Enough of that little Ryoko," continued Washu.  "Arianna's shape was chosen as 
a near mirror of Ryoko as you can see from these images.  Physically the only 
discernable difference between them is their eyes and hair color.  The major 
difference between Arianna and Ryoko is her ability to use electro-chemical 
control agents."
	"Electro-chemical whose its?" asked the puzzled Mihoshi.
	"Basically she can give off a pheromone that allows her to control people.  
Those affected lose control of their will power and are extremely susceptible to 
her suggestions.  It is most affective against men, and when she is in direct 
contact with the person being targeted."
	"So that's how she's controlling Tenchi," said Ryoko.
	"More than likely," said Washu as the holo-screen pulled back into her 
laptop.
	"What about this Marcus Rogal character?" Nagi asked.
	"I believe he is controlling Arianna," said Washu.  "Arianna's power only 
works when she is constantly near the person being controlled.  The effects 
begin to wear off after a day or so if she is not present.  I just wonder how he 
is controlling her."
	"Marcus Rogal was one of my fathers most trusted ministers," said 
Sasami.  "I can't understand why he would want to overthrow Ayeka and Sagami."
	"He has had a taste of power," began Katsuhito, "and he has become 
obsessed with it.  This has been the downfall of many great men.  What I am 
about to tell you now is a state secret of Jurai."
	"Go on," said Washu attentively.  
	"Two hundred years before I fought Ryoko the Juraian military in 
conjunction with the Galactic Science Academy developed a device that could 
neutralized Arianna's powers.  We set an ambush for her in the ruins on Sigil 
Seven.  She was captured and placed in stasis.  While in stasis a control chip 
was inserted into her cerebral cortex in the event she ever escaped.  Over the 
years her existence was the most highly guarded secret on Jurai.  Only those 
closest to the emperor were allowed to know what I have just told you."
	"So being the prime minister gave Rogal access to this knowledge?" asked 
Washu.
	"Yes.  And with it the knowledge of Arianna's existence came the knowledge 
of how to work the control device in the event she escaped."
	"Why keep her in stasis?" said Ryoko shaking her head.  "When she did not 
return from that raid it was presumed she had been killed.  
Kagato took it extremely hard," she said fighting a lump in her throat.  
	"And that did not my life any easier."  Images of Kagato's sadistic 
treatment flashed through her mind.
	"We hoped that one day she could be freed.  We knew she was just a puppet 
of Kagato's just as you were.  What surprised us was when the neutralization 
device would not work on you Ryoko," he said with a chuckle.
	"That's because of the power of her gems," said Washu with a smile.
	"Precisely.  And since Rogal is manipulating Arianna, he should be our 
primary target.  I will accompany you to Jurai and deal with him personally.   
You ladies should mount the effort to save Tenchi." 
	"Is that wise Lord Katsuhito?" said Washu.  Her concern was genuine, as 
Marcus Rogal now possessed the greatest power in the universe.
	"Wise or not it must be done.  Nagi, will you still assist us?"
	"Of course I will," she began.  "A good fight is always worth fighting."   
	"Mihoshi," began Kiyone, "I'm getting message from the shuttle carrying 
Ayeka.  I'm sending you the location.  Take the Yukonojo and meet us there.  
Kiyone out."  The image of Kiyone elongated into a swirl of colors as it was 
drawn back into Mihoshi's bracelet.  A moment of silence passed before any one 
dared to say anything.
	"One thing," started Ryoko.  Everyone watched her as eyes began to glow.  
"For what she's done to my Tenchi, Arianna is mine."
	"When the time comes we shall see," said Katsuhito.  "Miss Washu, can you 
give Yukonojo a cloak similar to the DARK HAWK'S?"
	"I believe so with a little modification."
	"Very well.  While you do that we should all get ready.  Any one who does 
not wish to accompany us does not have to."  Once again a moment of silence 
passed before Nobeyugi spoke out.
	"Dad, I may not be a fighter, but to get my son back I'll do what ever it 
takes."  That sentiment was unanimous.  Over the next several hours Washu 
outfitted Yukonojo and everyone prepared to mount the rescue mission.
 
	For once the voyage into space was uneventful.  News of the insurrection 
spread quickly across the galaxy and neighboring systems began to choose their 
alliances.  Some sided with the exiled Ayeka who had set up headquarters at the 
Galaxy Police, while others closer to Jurai sided with Emperor Tenchi.  
	The reunion at the GP headquarters was a tearful one.  Ayeka and Ryoko 
hugged each other and cried.  The men that they loved were under the control of 
Marcus Rogal or held prisoner by him.  In the end one was just as bad as the 
other.  What was even more disturbing was that the fate of Sagami was unknown.  
In the week following the coup little had been said of his whereabouts.  A 
little relief could be taken in the hope that he was alive.  If they were going 
to kill him they would have made it known.
	"So," began Ayeka as she and Ryoko strolled along the GP stations 
promenade.  "I see that you have held up better than I have."  Ayeka was not 
lying.  In the past week she had slept little and ate less.  Until Tenchi and 
Sagami were safe, she could not think of much else. 
	"Like you said before, I'm the tough one," she said with a false grin.  
"Ayeka, even with all of our differences when it all boils down we are the 
same."  Ayeka stopped and looked at Ryoko a bit puzzled.
	"The both of us put on masks to disguise how we really feel deep down.  
You have to put on the royal air because it is what you have been raised to do.  
I act the way I do to hide what Kagato put me through.  You were right when you 
called me a monster.  Some of the things that I have done give me bone chilling 
nightmares.  And now my past has come back to haunt the both of us."  Ryoko 
leaned against the curved window.  The light of a thousand stars played across 
her face as an iridescent tear rolled down her cheek.
	"We're both scared to death right now.  Tenchi is under Arianna's control 
and god knows what they have subjected Sagami too.  All I can say is that I am 
sorry for all of this."
	"Don't be Ryoko," Ayeka comforted Ryoko as she placed an arm around her.  
"We will get Sagami and Tenchi back.  I swear it.  We all know that you had no 
control over what Kagato put you through."
	"Did I?" interjected Ryoko in tears.  "All of the murders, the ships I 
destroyed, everything.  At the time I took great pleasure in it.  But now every 
time I close my eyes I see the face of some one of I killed.  And I'm afraid it 
won't end now."
	"What do you mean?"
	"I do not want to kill Arianna," she flatly stated.  "Even though we were 
rivals, we were also sisters.  Until Tenchi freed me Arianna was my closest 
friend.  Kagato favored her but he treated us equally harsh.  On more than one 
occasion she tried to restrain him from..." Ryoko's voice broke as the memories 
of her past life flooded into her mind.  "She took my beatings for me."
	"Ryoko, I never knew," said Ayeka as she tried to console her dearest 
friend, and greatest rival.  "I understand your feelings.  I know that Arianna 
is being controlled by Marcus Rogal just like Kagato did.  And believe me: if it 
is possible at all we will save her.  I will not hold her responsible for any 
acts she has committed."
	"For a stuck up princess you have to be my best friend. Thank you Ayeka.  
But what are you going to do about the people who have sided with Tenchi?"  
Ayeka bit her lip as she searched her soul for the answer top that query. 
	"I do not want to fight my own people, but I cannot blame those who have 
sided with Tenchi.  He has a legitimate right to the throne.  Even with the news 
coverage of the coup de tat I feel that people will support him because of his 
royal blood."  That was the only response she could muster.  Shaking her head 
she continued.  "I sincerely hope that bloodshed will kept to a minimum." 
	"We all do Ayeka."

	After a week of planning the combined Galaxy Police and loyalist Juraian 
forces launched their offensive.  As the main fleets engage one another on the 
perimeter of the Jurai system a cloaked ship passes through the battle lines.

	"This is horrible," said Ayeka as she watched the space battle going on 
all around her.  The light of weapons fire and ships dying in a fiery holocaust 
illuminated her face.  Although they remained silent Ryoko and Nagi echoed her 
sentiments.
	"We have cleared the main lines," said Yukonojo.  "I certainly hope that 
we remain undetected."
	"We must head towards the DARK HAWK," said Katsuhito.  "There we will find 
Rogal.  Tenchi will more than likely be in the royal palace.  Azaka, Kamidake: I 
am counting on you to get them to the throne room."
	"Yes Lord Yosho," they replied in unison.  Katsuhito gave them a slight 
disapproving look for using his real name.  "Nagi, will you escort me to the 
DARK HAWK in Ken-Ohki?" 
	"I'm ready when you are," Nagi replied as she petted Ken-Ohki.
	"Very good.  The rest of you will land at the palace spaceport and find 
Tenchi.  Be careful.  There are Loyalist and Insurrectionist Forces already 
fighting on the planet.  In fact Kiyone is among those special operation forces 
and she will keep the others from reaching the palace if called for."
	"So that's where Kiyone is," whimpered Mihoshi.  Large teardrops began to 
form in her eyes as Ryo-Ohki reached over and patted her with her paw.
	"Don't worry Mihoshi, she'll make it just fine," said Ryoko as she checked 
her battle gear. 
	"ETA is twenty minutes," chimed in Yukonojo.  Everyone watched as Jurai 
loomed larger and Larger in the view screen.  This would be the longest twenty 
minutes of their lives.


Much has been revealed and the revolution has just begun.
