"The Insultomatic" Part 1
By Maddog (Hitmonchansey115@aol.com)


DISCLAIMER: I do not own Tenchi Muyo or any of the charecters. They belong
to
Pioneer and all those other places. And one more thing: I have not read
every
fan fic on the site, so if my fic is just like somebody else's, please tell
me, for I don't know. And one last thing: I have lots of typos.

    Laughter could be heard from all over the Masaki household. Luagh after
laugh after laugh after,.. you get the picture. Everybody tracked the laughs
down to Washu's lab.
    "What the hell is going on down there?" Ryoko said as everybody stood in
front of her door.
    "There's only one way to find out" Sasami said and opened the door.
There
they saw Washu laugh her butt off at some strange machine.
    "You're so fat when you ran away they had to use all four sides of the
milk carton." the strange box said, throwing Washu into another fit of
hysterics.
    "What's this Washu?" Tenchi asked. Washu stared at him with a rather
angry and pouty face.
    "*sigh*, What's this LITTLE Washu?" Tenchi asked.
    "THIS  is the Inultomatic model 2" Washu said.
    "What happened to model 1?"
    "It got loose in the city and I didn't bother to set bail." The machine
then floated over to Ryoko.
    "What's THIS ugly thing?" The machine said, floating in front of Ryoko's
face.
    "WHAT DID THAT THING JUST CALL ME?" Ryoko grinded he teeth and her face
turned red.
    "It's my funniest invention yet" Washu said.

        MEANWHILE, IN ANOTHER DIMENSION,.....
    Kagato, who has been defeated after he pretended to be Yosho, sat
thinking about his defeat. About his defeater. He had been plotting revenge
for some time now, but he has changed his feelings over the days. He decided
to go to the Masaki household and make peace.
    It was afternoon in the Masaki household, and everybody was eating
Sasami's newset lunch recipe. The Insultomatic roamed around the carrot
feild.. Every time it crossed Ryho-oki's path, the cabbit arched it's back
and hissed at the machine.
    Kagato teleported to earth, in search of the Masaki home, when he came
across the Insultomatic.
    "This must be Washu's" Kagato smiled and squatted down to get a better
look. The Insultomatic sensed him and,...

TO BE CONTINUED,.....

Note: E-mail me if you want me to continue this fic. This is my first of
many
fics. I hope to make some more regulars, some lemon, some x-overs, some
lemon x-overs and even some Misc.'s.


