Tenchi Muyo! and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, save 
those created by the author.  This is a fanfic, is not for profit, and does not 
express the views of Pioneer or AIC.

Tenchi Muyo!  Insurrection: Temptation

	After Tenchi came too he found himself restrained to a table.  After he 
tested the restraints a melodic, seductive voice spoke to him telling him not to 
bother with such things. 
	"Who are you and what do you want with me?" Tenchi asked the disembodied 
voice.  The response sent chills down his spine.
	"I am Arianna, daughter of Kagato.  And as for what I want, I want you 
Tenchi Masaki."  Tenchi's jaw dropped in disbelief.  A thousand questions raced 
through his head.  Foremosst of these was how could she be Kagato's daughter?  
Tenchi figured that Ryoko or Washu would have mentioned Kagato having a daughter 
to him by now, unless...
	"If you are Kagato's daughter, prove it to me," said Tenchi defiantly.  
"For all I know you are a hoax trying to use me and my family."
	"You mortals lack faith, even though you have been trained in the ways of 
the priest hood," retorted Arianna, still cloaked by the darkness.  Tenchi tried 
to discern the direction her voice was coming from, but it seemed to be coming 
from all around him.
	"To have faith in ones religion is one thing, but putting faith in the 
word of a kidnapper is foolish.  I've been through too much to blindly trust 
some ones word, especially when they have abducted me and I can't even see 
them."  As he finished those words the images of Haruna and her deception 
flashed through his mind.  He did his best to conceal them.  All he needed was 
to remember that in a time like this when he needed a clear head. 
	"Your thoughts betray you Lord Tenchi.  I know of your trials and 
tribulations since your encounter with my father.  I know of your temporal 
escapades, and of your love with Haruna.  It is a shame how the old man and the 
witch took that happiness from you.  You had your own universe to mold into 
whatever you desired."
	"You know then that Haruna's universe was a reflection of this one and 
would have collapsed in on in on itself."
	"Your perception of the universe is as limited as any mortals.  You cannot 
fathom the true extent of this multi-verse.  There are infinite possibilities 
and infinite directions.  Your insignificant mind sees each action as having 
only one reaction when in reality the possibilities are limitless.  True some 
may differ little from your current universe, but others are drastically 
altered.  It may be true that in one of the multi-verses you and Haruna are 
still living together in perpetual bliss"
	With that a portal opened in front of Tenchi.   Soon an image formed from 
the swirling mass of colors.  It made Tenchi's heart sink.
	"Do you see now what I mean?" asked Arianna.  Tenchi turned his head from 
the sight. 
	"Is that true?" he asked trembling.
	"Yes it is true.  That happiness could have been yours.  You could of have 
had no worries or cares, spending eternity in her arms."
	"Please close it."
	"Done, but my point has been illustrated, has it not?  You know now only 
what is before you, but there is so much more to this existence."  Her words had 
an air of tranquility and comfort about them.  Tenchi felt his will begin to 
slip, and then he snapped out of it.  
	 "If every action has limitless reactions, then shouldn't there be a 
universe where Kagato kills me instead?" he shot back to the darkness.
	"That is true and my father lives on in much of the multi-verse.  But 
traversing the barriers of the multi-verse can only be done with the power of a 
god.  And sadly I lack that power."
	"You still have not answered my question," demanded Tenchi, "How are you 
Kagato's daughter?"
	"You are in no position to make demands, but I shall enlighten you.  Five 
thousand years ago my father created me in the same manner as your precious 
Ryoko was created by that witch Washu."  Her voice was full of contempt when she 
mentioned Ryoko's name.
	"Using her as a pattern my father combined his chromosomes with a Masu, 
and I was born.  He gave me all of Ryoko's abilities plus a few improvements 
over that obsolete model.  I even have a gem, although my father was unable to 
locate any others or coax their secret out of that witch he kept as a pet.  He 
chose my current form to aid me in my missions for him.  That and it is 
aesthetically pleasing."
	"I'll take your word on that," said Tenchi.  Arianna was still cloaked in 
the darkness surrounding his illuminated area.  "Show yourself to me."
	"All in good time Lord Tenchi.  When you are ready I will reveal my self.  
Until then be patient."  The room fell silent again.  Tenchi wondered if he was 
alone or if Arianna was watching him.  Either way the only sound to be heard was 
his breathing and the quit hum of the five lights overhead.  
	'Is this all real?' Tenchi thought to himself.  'If she is who she claims 
to be, why would she be so interested in me?  Does she want revenge for Kagato's 
death?  If she wanted revenge I would probably be dead by now.  What plans does 
she have in store for me," he thought.  "I just have to hold out until Ryoko and 
the others track me down.  Then I find out who this Arianna really is."


	"It can not be," commented Ayeka from her end of the comm. screen.  Washu 
and the others had just informed her and Sagami of Tenchi's abduction.  For 
Ayeka this was double blow.  The day before Sagami's life had been endangered 
and now Lord Tenchi had been abducted.  Again.  "Who would do such a thing?"
	"I don't know," replied Washu, "but I am certain that the ship they left 
in was the DARK HAWK.  No doubts about it."
	"But why would the saboteurs kidnap Lord Tenchi?  He had nothing to do 
with the DARK HAWK'S development or its technology," said Ayeka worriedly.
	"But I did," interjected Washu.  "And my daughter is the lover of Lord 
Tenchi, and he is an heir to the throne of Jurai."
	"So his abduction must be for political gains," added Sagami.  "They must 
want to use his life in exchange for leverage in to further their cause."
	"That is one possibility," said Washu as she paced back and forth across 
the living room.  All eyes were on her as she used her vast intellect to piece 
the situation together.  "Another is that they could want to use his royal 
lineage to their advantage.  But Lord Tenchi would never willingly go along with 
such a ploy."
	"So it is possible for him to out live his usefulness," said Ayeka as she 
placed a hand to her mouth.  "They wouldn't."
	"If these people have the resources to attack a heavily defended space 
station, 'appropriate' the most advanced ship in the galaxy, and show the balls 
needed to abduct Tenchi from his own home knowing good and well who lives here," 
said Washu never missing a breathe.  "They would most definitely kill him if it 
would further their cause."
	"That is enough!" screamed Ryoko.  Through out Sagami and Washu's 
conversation she had been sitting by quietly, respecting their opinions.  She 
knew that they loved Tenchi just as she does, but she could only take so much.
	"Will you please stop talking about Tenchi like he's just a tool in some 
ones damned scheme?  I love him and when I find him, we will kill who ever did 
this.  And after that we will grow old together.  So if I hear one more person 
talk about Tenchi like he's, like he's a pawn in some ones game, I swear," Ryoko 
bit her lip to as she tried to regain her composure.  A tiny bit of blood 
trickled out of the corner of her mouth, leaving an alkaline taste, but everyone 
was starring at her right hand instead.  After a moment of confusion Ryoko 
realized what was the object of their gazes.  In her anger she had unconsciously 
formed her energy sword.  He unclenched her fist and the blade dissipated.  
	"Please forgive me," she begged.  "I let my emotions take control of me.  
I just want to get my Tenchi back."
	"We all do," said Ayeka sympathetically.  Hearing Ryoko say "my 
Tenchi" still made her heart sink a little, even though she loved Sagami 
totally.  "But since they are using the DARK HAWK'S cloaking device, we can not 
track them."
	"Lots of ships have cloaks," began Ryoko, "So what makes this one so 
damned special?"  Sagami looked towards Washu and nodded.
	"The DARK HAWK has a subspace cloaking device which allows it to enter a 
different branch of space time."  
	"In layman's terms please Washu," said Ryoko looking confused.
	"Unlike other cloaks that just refract light around the ship this cloak 
creates a pocket of another dimension around the ship.  Therefore it is 
completely obscured from any known form of sensors."
	"Even its exhaust?"
	"Even its exhaust is concealed in the pseudo-dimension, but I am working 
on a new form of sensor."
	"Will it work?" asked Sagami.
	"If it does we will find Tenchi.  Until them I think that we need to bring 
in a specialist. Some one skilled at finding people and information gathering."
	"You don't mean," began Ryoko as she starred at Washu in disbelief.   She 
sat back down and ran a hand through her spiked hair. "Anybody but her."
	"Bingo," replied Washu with a sadistic grin on her face.  
	"Why do we have to bring Nagi into this?" pleaded Ryoko.  "She still 
doesn't like me very much you know."
	"But you have been pardoned of all crimes Ryoko," started Ayeka, "so she 
has no reason to hunt you any longer."
	"Its not that," said Ryoko shaking her head.  "Nagi and I just don't get 
along.  Never have and never will."  That was an understatement.  


	Tenchi slowly moved his neck from side to side.  He had given up on trying 
to figure out how long he had been captive now.  He guessed that he had fallen 
asleep roughly two hours ago.  Now he had a crick in his neck and a nasty 
headache.  Once again the soft white lights came into focus above him.  He had 
hoped that this was all just a nightmare, but the lights reassured him that it 
was all too real.  To complicate matters he was hungry and needed to use the 
bathroom.  He tested his restraints one more time.  They held firm as before but 
Tenchi decided that testing them was better than just lying there.  
	"I told you that those could not be broken."  Tenchi stopped and looked 
around trying to fix the voices direction.  "Soon all of this will not be 
necessary."
	"How so," Tenchi asked dryly.  "Are you going to free me or kill me?"
	"You will not be harmed," replied Arianna.  Tenchi felt a moment of 
relief, before he remembered that he was talking to the person that had abducted 
him.
	"I wish that I could believe you," he began,  "but it's hard to trust some 
one who hides in the shadows."
	"Very well," Arianna replied.  "You terran's rely too much on your sight.  
If seeing is believing for you, so be it."  As she finished the table began to 
tilt towards the vertical Tenchi looked around to become better acquainted with 
his surroundings.  Finally the table locked into the upright position with a 
metallic clank.  Tenchi held his breath as a cloaked figure emerged from the 
shadows.
	"Tenchi Masaki, first prince of Jurai.  I can see what the princess and 
space pirate admire in you."
	"That's nice, but I still can't see you."  With that Arianna pulled the 
hood of her cloak away from her face.  Tenchi gasped at what he saw.  He starred 
as Arianna unfastened the cloak and revealed her true self.  Aesthetically 
pleasing was putting it mildly.  Tenchi was captivated by her stunning figure. 
If his father had been in his position he would have been in heaven.  Arianna 
was wearing a skintight black body suit with a diamond shaped cut out right 
below the neckline.  Tenchi was not really sure if was a suit or if it was the 
coloring of her skin, it fit that tightly.  Around her right wrist was a golden 
gauntlet that formed a "V" shape up her forearm.  One her left wrist was a jewel 
just like Ryoko's.  But what struck Tenchi most about Arianna was her face.  It 
was an almost exact doppelganger of Ryoko's.  The only real differences were 
that Arianna's silver hair like Kagato's, her scarlet lips, and the deepest 
crystal blue eyes.
	"I told you that I was an improvement on Ryoko."  Tenchi wanted to 
disagree with her but he was being held captive by her eyes.  "Everything that 
Ryoko could do, I was given the ability to do it better.  If you like you could 
call be Ryoko Mk.2," finished Arianna with a hint of a smile.      
	"You could never replace the real Ryoko," snapped Tenchi.  "If this is 
some sick joke of yours, I do not find it funny."
	"This is no joke.  My father used Ryoko as a template for my form.   
Physically we are nearly identical.  We trained together and fought for the same 
causes, albeit in different manners.  Ryoko was sent to plunder planets and 
cause general chaos across the galaxy.  Meanwhile using her distractions I was 
sent on more covert endeavors."  Arianna walked around the table restraining 
Tenchi, running her hand across his chest as she went by.  "Ryoko has some 
positive advantages over myself, but not many.   She is mainly, how did my 
father put it, waste product."
	"I would disagree with you on that," retorted Tenchi.  "Ryoko means more 
to me than you could ever know."
	"Just because she is waste product does not mean she is with out value.  
You seem to enjoy sharing a bed with her."  Tenchi blushed slightly as Arianna 
stopped in front of him. 
	"My private life is none of your business."
	"The future ruler of the universe has no part of his life which is 
private," she said as she ran her hand down the side of his face.
	"What do you mean by that?" asked Tenchi.
	"You shall see soon enough."  With that Arianna left the room.  
Tenchi couldn't help but admire her shapely body as she left.  He starred into 
the direction that she left for a moment before he snapped out of it.
	"What is it about her," he asked himself.  The image of Arianna dropping 
her cloak flashed through his mind.  He replayed their conversation over again 
in his head.  Every time he kept seeing her crystal blue eyes and her shapely 
figure.  "I've got to snap out of this," he said to himself as sweat began to 
drip from his face.


	"Hit the deck!" yelled Nobeyugi diving as Ryoko was hurled across the 
living room.  She crashed through an ornate screen and landed with a sickening 
thud.
	"Now we're even Ryoko," said Nagi rubbing her knuckles.   She had agreed 
to help in the search for Tenchi only if she could take a free shot at Ryoko.  
Reluctantly Ryoko agreed to the stipulation.  A stiff right cross would be a 
small price to for getting Tenchi back.  No one expected Nagi to knock Ryoko 
into next Tuesday though.
	 "I've heard the buzz about the incident on Jurai," she said walking 
across the room to where Ryoko was beginning to stir.  She held out a hand and 
helped the space pirate to her feet.
	"Nice shot," commented Ryoko holding her jaw.  A blue bruise had begun to 
form, but it vanished as soon as it did.
	"And your ability to heal is just as impressive as ever Ryoko," replied 
Nagi as they took a seat on the sofa.  Ayeka was on the videophone and the rest 
of the family was gathered around as well.  Ryoko looked over and saw Ryo-Ohki 
nuzzling up against Ken-Ohki and gave a faint smile.
	"Now lets get down to business Nagi," she began.  "What do you know about 
the people who stole the DARK HAWK and kidnapped Tenchi?"
	"I only know what I've learned from my, lets say usual channels."  She 
nodded to Sasami as she took a cup of tea from the young princess.  It had been 
a while since she had enjoyed Sasami's tea.  "These aren't your usual bunch of 
murderers and thieves.  I've heard they are lead by a Jurain noble and a 
mysterious ringleader, a mastermind of some sort.  His background is unknown but 
he supposed to be very powerful.  One agency has offered a ten million Jurai 
bounty for this person's head.  But everyone who has attempted to claim it has 
been found brutally murdered.  Usually they were found disemboweled along with 
other unpleasant things done to their bodies."
	"Sound like nice folks," said Washu sarcastically.  "What about the 
Juraian noble.  Do know who he is?"
	"Not directly but the scuttlebutt is that he is disgruntled with the 
current administration," she said looking towards Ayeka.
	"Why would he be unhappy with Sagami and I?" asked Ayeka looking somewhat 
puzzled.  "We have done nothing except carry out the polices of my fathers 
reign."
	"Listen your majesty," said Nagi as she finished off her tea.  "I don't 
make this stuff up.  I'm just telling you what I know.  Supposedly this group 
was going to use the DARK HAWK to commence commerce raids in the shipping lanes 
and things of the like.  Why they would kidnap Tenchi is beyond me."
	"Do you know anything about their base of operations," asked Washu.  The 
entire time she had been inputting Nagi's data into her computer system.  
	"Somewhere in the eastern fringe."
	"I see."


	Tenchi was sweating even more than when Arianna had left.  He had no idea 
what was wrong with him.  He tried to clear his mind and use every meditation 
technique his grandfather had taught him over the years.  But all that he could 
do was picture her in his mind. Her shape, the feeling of her touch, the gaze of 
he crystal blue eyes, her scent; Arianna dominated every fiber of his being.  No 
matter how hard he tried to think of Ryoko and his family Tenchi found that 
Arianna was the only thing he could think about.  His heart was beginning to 
race and the sensation of absolute fear gripped his body. 
	'Hold together,' Tenchi thought to himself as he swallowed hard, trying to 
keep his mouth from drying out.  His tormented thought was interrupted with the 
sound of the doors sliding open.  Soon Arianna emerged from the darkness into 
his circle of light.
	"What did you do to me?" asked Tenchi.  His breathing was becoming more 
labored with each breath and his vision was beginning to blur.  "What is going 
on with my mind?" he asked as his emotional barriers began to breakdown. "What 
is wrong with me?" he asked in tears.
	"I have done nothing but set you free of your burden."  She walked to him 
and ran her hand up his chest.  She felt the contour of his chest before she 
moved up to his face.  Tenchi's face was covered in sweat and felt as if he was 
running a high fever.
	"My burden?  What do you know of my burden?" he sobbed.
	"I know enough that you have suffered the pangs of loss for most of your 
life.  I offer you the way to be free from your loss."
	"How?" he asked, completely in her control.  No sooner than he had 
finished those words his restraints opened with a low cha-chink sound.  Tenchi 
fell forwards into Arianna's arms.  She held him as he wept, his face buried in 
her shoulder.
	"My poor Tenchi," she whispered rubbing the back of his sweat soaked head.  
"Be free of this."  Tenchi looked up into her captivating eyes.  She met his 
gaze and returned a soft smile.  He pulled her closer to himself.  His heart was 
beating frantically and his breaths were short and sharp.  He had only one image 
and desire in his mind.  Arianna leaned forward as her lips met Tenchi's.  His 
fate had been sealed as they kissed, in the light amongst the darkness.


	"The eastern fringe is where the Tyran war was fought two years ago," 
replied Ayeka.
	"There should still be operable bases left from the campaign for them to 
use as staging grounds," said Washu as all the pieces came together in her mind.
	'What is it mom,' came Ryoko's voice across their empathic link.  'What do 
you see?'
	'It's not pretty dear,' she replied.  "Ayeka, is Azaka and Kamidake in the 
palace?"
	"Yes miss Washu, they are with Sagami at the council meeting, why do you 
ask?"  Before Washu could respond Mihoshi's bracelet went off.  She hit the 
project button and Kiyone's image was projected.
	"Guys, turn on the news.  You aren't going to believe this."  
Looking a bit confused Ryoko turned on the TV and set it to the galactic news 
channel.  A fuzzy picture of a reporter at a desk came onto the screen.  What he 
was saying was broken by static, but audible.
	"We have received <shhh> transmission from the leader <shhhhhh> Juraian 
Liberation <shhhh>."  The vertical hold went out for a second before the picture 
was restored.
	"Juraian Liberation?" said Ayeka.  "What ever could they mean?"   
  	"As I was reporting we have just received a message from the leader of the 
group claiming responsibility for the theft of the Juraian battleship DARK HAWK 
two days ago.  They will broadcast live any second now---." He was cut off as 
the leader of the group appeared on the screen.
	"Oh my God," said Nobeyugi as his cigarette fell from his lips.  The 
others sat in total silent astonishment. Ryoko spoke for all of them.
	"What the hell?"


Tenchi has been tempted and the revelation will follow. 
