Tenchi Muyo! and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, save 
those created by the author.  This is a fanfic, is not for profit and does not 
express the views of Pioneer or AIC.

Tenchi Muyo! Insurrection: Absolution

	"And so the Juraian Civil War came to an end.  After the death of Marcus 
Rogal his forces either surrendered or retreated back to their home systems.  
The Galaxy Police wanted to pursue them, but Ayeka said to let them go.  She has 
shown a tremendous amount of mercy to those who sided with Rogal and myself.  I 
still find it hard to believe that I was partly responsible for plunging the 
galaxy into civil war. 
	"Sagami has spent the past two weeks in the hospital recovering from the 
abuses he suffered as Rogal's prisoner.  The physical wounds have healed 
completely, but the psychological wounds may take years to heal.
	"I have met with several families of those council members Rogal had 
killed.  They say that they do not blame me for what happened, but I wonder how 
they cannot.  One widow said she knew that I had no control over my actions and 
those responsible would be brought to justice.  She said that she didn't even 
blame Arianna.
	"After the control gauntlet was destroyed Arianna slipped into a coma.  
Thanks to Washu the control chip was removed from her brain before it could 
self-destruct.  She regained consciousness a couple days ago and has little 
memory of the past few weeks.  In fact the last real memory she has was when she 
was captured a millennia ago.  She was a puppet of Marcus Rogal just as I was.
	"Even so we have been asked to stand before the Holy Council this 
afternoon.  I know that they want explanations but I really do not know what 
else can be said.  What I do know is that Ryoko and the rest of my family will 
be at my side."


	The great hall of the Holy Council had been fully restored in the weeks 
following the civil war.  Today it was at peak capacity.  Every member was 
present along with the media from the entire galaxy.  They were not there to 
hear a debate or listen to Ayeka or Sagami address the empire.  Today they were 
here to listen to the person who had claimed the throne speak of his actions.  
Once again the entire universe revolved around the life of Tenchi Masaki.
  
	"I don't like this," said Ryoko.  "I don't like this at all."  She was 
dressed in the blue and white dress of a Juraian courtesan, but she was not 
referring to the cut of the garment.  Ryoko shook her head as she paced outside 
the entrance to the great hall. The click-clack of her heals was the only other 
sound to be heard.  "Ayeka has already given you a full pardon for everything 
that happened since you came under Rogal's control, so why does the Council want 
to address you?"
	Dressed, as a Juraian noble would be, Tenchi was leaning against the wall 
thinking about the exact same question.  He was still trying to piece the past 
month together, and most of it was pretty vague.  "I don't know either," he 
replied.  "Maybe they just want a public apology or some thing of that nature.  
I've watched the tapes of the things I said and did, but I really can't remember 
that much of it.  If they want to hold me accountable I will take my 
responsibility, but I honestly doubt that it will come to that."  Tenchi walked 
behind his bride to be and placed his arms around her shoulders.  "All I know 
for certain is that you have me back.  And I don't intend on ever leaving you 
again."
	Ryoko looked back into his deep brown eyes.  This time she saw the Tenchi 
that she had always loved.  "I wish I had your confidence.  I'll just be glad 
when this whole ordeal is over and we can go back to Okayama."  Before Tenchi 
could say anything in return Azaka and Kamidake appeared from the council hall.
	"Lord Tenchi, Lady Ryoko: It is time," announced Azaka.  Tenchi gave Ryoko 
a quick hug and they took their place between Azaka and Kamidake.  She slipped 
her hand into his and Tenchi gave it a squeeze as the doors to the Great Hall 
began to open.

	Inside the Great Hall all eyes were on Tenchi and Ryoko.  Tenchi looked 
around the crowded chamber.  His Father and Grandfather were seated in the 
gallery along with Ayeka, Washu, and Sasami.  Mihoshi was there too along with 
Kiyone.  In the shadows at the back of the gallery stood Nagi.  Tenchi was still 
not entirely certain of her role in this but he did know that she had been 
spending a lot of time with his grandfather lately.  
	Everyone rose to attention as they proceeded down the aisle.  In the far 
end of the chamber he saw Arianna standing under guard with her hands and feet 
restrained.  Tenchi's heart sank at this sight.  He knew that she had been a 
pawn of Kagato's just as Ryoko had been and most recently of Marcus Rogal.  
	The thing that impacted Tenchi the most was the handful of seats with 
black drapes and sheathed swords laid across them.  He knew that they belonged 
to those council members Rogal had killed.  As they reached the stage Azaka 
tapped his ringed staff on the marbled floor and announced their arrival.
	"I present to the Holy Council of Jurai: Lord Tenchi Masaki and his 
betrothed, Lady Ryoko Hakubi."  These arcane traditions amused Ryoko as much as 
it did hearing herself called "lady" and "betrothed", but she knew tradition 
held great importance on Jurai. 
	"It is noted," said Sagami.  Azaka and Kamidake bowed and stepped back, 
leaving Tenchi and Ryoko to stand before the Holy Council.
	"Lord Tenchi, you have been called forth here today not to answer for the 
recent events past."  Ryoko breathed a sigh of relief at that part of Sagami's 
statement, but what followed did not help to alleviate her fears.  "We have 
called you here today in order to decide the future of Jurai.  By sacred 
birthright you can legitimately claim the throne of Jurai as the First Crowned 
Prince.  You are offered the throne of Jurai.  Do you accept it?"	   That 
question caught Tenchi completely off guard, as it did Ryoko.  A slight murmur 
rose up from the council, as Tenchi stood speechless.
	"I repeat Lord Tenchi," began Sagami, "do wish to assert your claim to the 
throne and become the legitimate emperor of Jurai?"  A hush fell across the 
chamber as Tenchi pondered his response.
  
	Ryoko starred at him with tear filled eyes.  Tenchi knew what her response 
would be, an explicative no.  He glanced up to the gallery where his family was 
seated.  The look on Ayeka and Sasami face was deadpan; they would go along with 
what ever path he chose.  His Father could give him no clear answer and only 
shrugged.  Washu would not maker eye contact with him and just looked at the 
floor.  He just wondered what she and Ryoko were discussing just then.  The only 
voice of approval came from his Grandfather.  Katsuhito gave him the same warm 
smile that he had seen so many times before and a slight nod.  Tenchi swallowed 
hard and looked at Ryoko.
	He loved her more than life itself and he knew that ultimately she would 
support him, but he could not stand to see her hurt.  Not again, and not by him.  
As a tear slid down her cheek he knew what he had to do.

	"Lord Sagami, Lady Ayeka," he began before clearing his throat.  Tenchi 
turned to face the council and his family before he continued.  "Esteemed 
members of the Holy Council and my family.  First allow me to apologize for my 
actions and the anguish that they caused.  Honor demands that I make amends."  A 
quiet applause broke out before it consumed the entire hall.  After minute or so 
it died down and Tenchi continued.
	"You have asked me if I wish to ascend to the throne of Jurai.  This is a 
great honor and I have made up my mind.  My answer is this: I do not."  
A mix of applause and murmur rose up this time at Tenchi's response.  He glanced 
back up to the gallery.  His family all gave their support for his decision.  He 
could read Katsuhito's lips: Well-done son.  Ryoko wiped her eyes and gave him a 
hug before Sagami called the Council back to order.
	"Very well Lord Tenchi, it has been recorded,"  
	"May I make a request," interjected Tenchi.  Once again everyone watched 
him as he approached Sagami.
	"You may proceed."
	"I want to make you a proposal: one that will ensure that this situation 
will never happen again."
	"Go on," replied Sagami, his curiosity aroused.
"I will renounce my claim to the throne in its entirety, if you will turn 
Arianna over to my custody."  The Council stood in a shocked silence before the 
outcries of protest began.  Tenchi saw the confusion in Ryoko's face and mouthed 
to her that it would be okay.

	"What is he up to," mused Washu out loud.
	"He is giving her the same opportunity that he gave each of you," replied 
Katsuhito.  "He can see the inherent good in her heart just as he did when you 
young ladies landed at our door."

	Finally Sagami managed to call the council back to order.  An elderly 
statesman stood up and addressed Tenchi.
	"Lord Tenchi, why would you renounce your birth right to save such a vile 
creature as this?"
	Tenchi sighed and wondered how such outright bigotry could still exist.  
"Arianna has been under the control of others her entire existence.  First 
Kagato used her as an end to his means and most recently by Marcus Rogal."
	"This is all old history Lord Tenchi," the statesman continued.  
"Why give her the chance to-," Tenchi cut him off before he could go any 
further.
	"That is my point!  Arianna has been either imprisoned or controlled her 
entire life.  She has never been given the chance to be anything else.  Seven 
hundred years ago Ryoko attacked Jurai and nearly destroyed this great hall.  
Yet she stands here before you today a different person.  She is herself now, no 
longer a pawn of Kagato."  Tenchi paused for a second as Ryoko placed her hand 
onto his shoulder.  He glanced over at Arianna and saw the look of confusion on 
her face.
	"All I want to do is give Arianna the chance that was given to Ryoko, and 
everyone else that I hold dear.  If it takes giving up my claim to the throne, 
then Jurai be damned!" finished Tenchi as the council went into an uproar.  
	"Is this your true feelings Lord Tenchi?" asked Arianna in tears. 
Her voice quieted the hall once again.  For the first time in her life someone 
was treating her like a human being.  Treating her as if they cared for her.  
"Even after all that I put you through you would show me this compassion?"  
Everyone waited for his response.
	"Yes I would.  Lord Sagami, will the council accept my proposal?"  After a 
moment of strained silence and an encouraging nod from Ayeka Sagami brought the 
issue to the council.  
	"If any one objects, speak now," he ordered.  After the votes were cast 
Sagami gave Tenchi his response.  "It appears that the dissent does not have 
enough votes Lord Tenchi.  We reluctantly accept your proposal.  You and your 
heirs are hereby formally stripped of all claims to the throne of Jurai.  As 
agreed upon Arianna is turned over to your custody."   The stunned council 
watched as Arianna was unshackled.    
 	"But the council does reserve the right to reinstate you and your heirs 
lineage when it sees fit," added Sagami.  Tenchi nodded and placed an arm around 
Ryoko.
	"Well I guess they won't be calling me 'Lady Ryoko' any more," she said 
sarcastically.	
	"You never liked that any way," replied Tenchi.  "Come on.  Lets go home."  
He looked up to Arianna who was slowly approaching them.  "You too."
	"I've never really had a home before," said Arianna still not sure what to 
make of her new situation.
 	"Trust me little sis," began Ryoko, "you can't ask for any better."


	"And so we all returned to the earth, with a new family member.  
Life returned normal and Arianna adjusted to living life for herself for a 
change."

	The summer sun shined through the crystal dome of the onsen onto Arianna 
and Ryoko.  They have become close again over the past couple months.
	"I still can't believe all of this Ryoko," said Arianna as she sipped a 
saucer of sake.  "I never thought that the two of us could have a life like 
this.  All we ever knew was what Kagato made us do.  This almost a fantasy."
	"A few centuries ago I would have agreed with you," commented Ryoko.  "But 
like I've said before Tenchi is special.  He changed my life and gave me my 
family."
	"And now he has made me a part of that family," added Arianna as she 
looked up towards the dome.  "I did some terrible things to Tenchi, when I was 
under Rogal's control," she confessed.  "I played off of his deepest fears to 
break his will.  I find it hard to believe that he could forgive me, much less 
accept me."
	Ryoko laughed and took another swig of her sake.  "If he could accept a 
mad scientist, a stuck-up princess and her little sister, two bumbling space 
cops, and fall in love with a demon space pirate; I honestly believe that he is 
capable of anything."
	"That he is my sister, that he is."  The sound of fond laughter could be 
heard from the onsen for several hours to come.

	"There is one thing left to say about all of this.  I do not regret any of 
my decisions.  Giving up the throne of Jurai to give Arianna a new life was 
worth it.  Everyone needs the opportunity to live life for himself or herself, 
with out anyone being prejudiced against them."
	"If you don't shut up you're going to be late for your own wedding!"
	"You're right Ryoko, you're right."

THE END

Author's Notes:  Whew! Another fanfic finished.  Arianna was a different villain 
from the ones that created for We Are One and Dreams of Yesterday.  She was 
redeemable and Tenchi saw the good in her heart just as he did Ryoko.  I also 
liked the idea off using Tenchi as the bad guy for a change.  Please tell me 
what you think of this story.  E-mail me at vette1701@earthlink.net.  Thank you 
all for the support you've given and thank you for reading my stories.  Later.
								William R. Nichols Jr.

    
