Tenchi Muyo! and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, save 
those created by the author.  This is a fanfic, is not for profit, and does not 
express the views of Pioneer or AIC.

Tenchi Muyo! Insurrection: Abduction

	The main hospital was bustling with activity.  Doctors and nurses worked 
from triage and trauma areas to save the injured that were being brought in by 
the dozens.  A few short hours before a major incident had occurred on the 
orbital space dock.  After an intense fire fight a group of saboteurs managed to 
steal the most advanced ship in the galaxy, the DARK HAWK.  The wounded had been 
stabilized on the station and then brought to the hospital in Jurai's capital 
city.  Now the families of those involved began to gather, hoping, praying that 
their loved ones were not involved in the day's events.  One in particular was 
extremely anxious as she ran down the corridor.
	"Where is he?!" said Ayeka franticly.  Too many times had she faced with 
the possibility of a loved ones death.  The first time was when Yosho 
disappeared after Ryoko's assault on Jurai, and then when Tenchi was in danger 
so many times over the years.  Now when she received word that Sagami had been 
injured Ayeka nearly fell to pieces.  The worst-case scenarios kept running 
through her mind, and she could not feel at ease until she knew that he was 
safe.
	"Calm down Milady," stated one of the doctors, "Prince Sagami is resting 
as we speak."  The calm tone in his voice assured her that he was indeed all 
right.
	"How badly is he injured?" she asked, tears welling in the corners of her 
eyes.  "Will he be alright?"
	"The Prince has only minor cuts and bruises.  The worst thing he suffered 
was that a few capillaries in his face burst when the station depressurized.  
They should clear up in the next couple days.  Other than that he is just 
exhausted.  He refused treatment for himself until everyone else was taken care 
of."
	Ayeka breathed a sigh of relief.  "That sounds like my Sagami.  When may I 
see him?"
	"You may see him now if you like."  Ayeka nodded as the physician showed 
her to the Prince's room.  The two guards outside the door saluted as she 
entered.  Sagami looked at her and smiled.  The sight of his bandaged and 
bruised face brought tears to Ayeka's eyes.
	"Don't cry," he said with a grin.  "I'll be out of here tomorrow."
	"I am so happy that you are all right," she replied sitting down on the 
bedside.  She ran the back of her hand down the side of his face.
	"We have to see to the families of those lost today," he whispered.
	"We shall," replied Ayeka.  "And we shall find whom ever is responsible 
for this."  
	"I have already notified the Galaxy Police's Special Division," said 
Sagami as he closed his eyes.  Obviously his sedatives were beginning to take 
affect.  "I'm just sorry that our trip will be delayed." he began as he drifted 
off to sleep.
	"As am I, as am I."  Ayeka sat by his side for most of the night.  Her 
thoughts were torn between him, the loyal subjects who died in his defense, 
those who committed this act, and her family on the earth.

	
	"So the news reports were true?" asked Tenchi from his end of the video 
screen.  
	"Yes, there was a major incident here on Jurai last night Lord 
Tenchi, and Sagami and I will not be able to visit as we had planned."  Ayeka 
looked tired and worried, more so than Tenchi had ever seen before.  "Lord 
Tenchi, please watch over Sasami until this is over."  
	Tenchi sat back onto the sofa and ran a hand through his long black hair.  
"You know that I won't let anything happen to Sasami Ayeka.  Is there any thing 
more that you can tell me other than what the news has reported?"  Ayeka looked 
anxiously back across the screen.  Tenchi could tell that it was uneasy for her 
talk about the situation.  "Miss Ayeka," he began as a tear slid down her cheek.
	"I'm scared Tenchi, more than I've ever been before.  Who ever did this 
now poses a threat to the entire galaxy."
	"Didn't Kagato and Dr. Clay?  Not to mention Kain and the Tyran Crisis.  
We faced them all before and we'll handle this as well."  
	"That's just it Tenchi," she quietly replied, "We were together when we 
faced all of that.  Now I am here on Jurai, and you are on the earth along with 
everyone else.  I feel; I just feel so helpless."  Ayeka stopped a moment to dry 
her eyes.  "And with Sagami being injured, I just don't know if I can handle it 
by myself.  I'm afraid that I will let my people down."
	"You will not let anybody down Ayeka.  I have confidence in you and so 
does everybody else.  I'm sure that this will be settled soon and you can come 
and visit for a while.  Another extended vacation on the earth if you like."
	"Thank you for the kind words Lord Tenchi.  Please tell the others how 
sorry I am that we will not be able to visit.  And please, do not tell what you 
know about the DARK HAWK."
	"You have my word Ayeka."  With that Ayeka smiled and the screen went 
dark.  Tenchi breathed a heavy sigh.  'If its not one thing,' he thought to 
himself, 'its always another.'  He looked at his watch.  It would be breakfast 
time soon and he things to do.  'I'll tell them all at breakfast,' he thought as 
he down the stairs.

	"So Ayeka won't be coming?" asked Sasami.  She had really been looking for 
ward to seeing her sister again.  "Did she say when she would be coming?"
	"All she said was that they would come as soon as they could," replied 
Tenchi, choosing his words carefully.
	"Does this have anything to do with happened last night?" asked Washu.  
Judging by the fact that Tenchi turned ghost white, everyone guessed that it 
did.
	"Spill it mister," said Ryoko, "Or I'll let everyone know a secret or 
two."  Tenchi looked at her in disbelief.  He couldn't tell if she was serious 
or not, so he decided to play it safe.  Some things between lovers are best left 
unsaid.
	"Alright," he began, "Here's what I know."  Tenchi explained everything he 
knew about the situation on Jurai.  The incident in the council, the theft of 
the ship, and Sagami's injuries; Tenchi told them everything.
	"So what are we going to do?" asked Mihoshi.
	"We're going to do what headquarters tells us to do, Mihoshi," replied 
Kiyone.  "Until the two of us here something or Ayeka specifically asks for our 
help, lets stay out of this one."
	"I agree Kiyone," seconded Tenchi.
	"How can you?" interjected Ryoko, "Our friends are out there and you want 
us to just sit here?"  Everyone looked at Tenchi, waiting for his reply.
	"Yes, we just sit here.  Ayeka has asked me to watch over Sasami, and if 
we go gallivanting off into space we could cause more problems than we do good.  
Remember, there are still people out there who don't like me or you, Ryoko." 
Ryoko just folded her arms and leaned back onto the sofa.  Before she could say 
anything in response Mihoshi and Kiyone's wristbands began to beep.
	"Well, it looks like we're involved after all," Kiyone said after she 
checked her band.  "Mihoshi and I have to rendezvous with the main ship in two 
hours.  We'll let you know what's up then."
	"Sounds good to me," said Tenchi.  "Be careful out there."  The two GP's 
nodded and with a twist of their control cubes they blinked out of sight.
	"It's not fair," pouted Ryoko, "they get to have all the fun."
	"Being in the middle of an interstellar war is not my idea of fun Ryoko," 
retorted Tenchi.  "Besides, we have things to do today." 
With that Tenchi, Ryoko, and Sasami finished getting ready for a trip into town, 
and Washu returned to her lab.  She had experiments to run and a trip to town 
would just waste her time.  By the time the day was over she would wish that she 
had gone with them.
 
	A low beep penetrated the silence of the lab.  As time passed by it grew 
louder and shriller.  Finally it reached a point loud enough to get Washu's 
attention.
	"I'm coming!" she said loudly as she pulled out from under her latest 
technological marvel.  "This had better be pretty damned good," she said hitting 
the receive button on the view screen.  A bruised and bandaged Sagami popped 
into view.
	"I haven't caught you indisposed, have I, Miss Washu?" he politely asked.
	"No Lord Sagami," she lied, "I always come to the phone covered in grease 
and grime."
	"Always the satirist, Washu," he said with a grin.  "I wish that this 
communiqu‚, was on a more pleasant basis.  As you know by now the DARK HAWK has 
been, to put it mildly, hijacked out from under us."
	"And you want my help in locating it."
	"Precisely.  The ship was built using your theories of pseudo-space 
mechanics.  It is equipped with a subspace-cloaking device that is working 
better than we expected it to.  So well that our entire defense force has been 
activated in the search for the ship."
	"Can't find it at all, right?"
	"That is correct.  Since you laid the ground work for this device,"
	"I should be able to find it," interjected Washu.  Sagami nodded in 
agreement.  "It will be difficult, but I think it can be done.  I'll need you to 
send me all the specs for the DARK HAWK, and I mean ALL of THEM."  Washu placed 
extra emphasis on "all of them" so that Sagami would get her point.
	"Very well Miss Washu.  The data streeam will be sent shortly.  We greatly 
appreciate your cooperation." With that the screen blinked out.  Washu wiped the 
beads of sweat from her forehead, making a black smear.
	"Why didn't I go to town with them when I had the chance," she said 
pulling off her gloves.  As she washed the grime from her face her console 
beeped.  "The data stream's here," she said aloud.  She looked forlornly at the 
machine she had been working on.  "I'll finish you later."  Washu then sat down 
at he subspace console and began the arduous task of detecting the DARK HAWK. 


	Aboard the bridge of the DARK HAWK a cloaked woman watched the view 
screen.  A tiny blue speck was its focal point among the myriad of stars in the 
galaxy.  She was brought from her deep thought by one of her subordinates.
	"Lady Arianna," he began, "Lord Rogal sends that all is ready on Jurai."
"Very well.  Send word to him that we shall possess the key within the day."  
The subordinate nodded and left the bridge.  Arianna pulled the cloak away from 
her face to reveal her silver hair.  "Soon my fathers wishes will be fulfilled," 
she said with a wicked grin.


	Once in orbit around Jupiter Kiyone and Mihoshi made contact with their 
superiors at Galaxy Police headquarters.  The district commandant blinked into 
view with news of their future assignments.
	"So here's your orders detectives," said the lion headed Commandant.  
"Detective Kiyone is to report to the Special Operations Division immediately.  
And as for you detective Mihoshi, you are to take Yukonojo and return to the 
earth.  I want you to keep a close eye on the princess Sasami, and the other 
heirs to the throne living on the earth."
	Mihoshi snapped a crisp salute and said, "You can count on me sir.  I'll 
keep watch on the earth."  
	Kiyone was amazed at Mihoshi's response.  Usually when headquarters tried 
to separate them, Mihoshi pitched a childish fit.  Her attitude now really 
surprised Kiyone and the Commandant.   
	"Godspeed to the both of you," said the Commandant returning Mihoshi's 
crisp salute.  With that the screen blinked out. 
	"Well we have our orders Mihoshi," commented Kiyone as she began to 
program the Yagami with the coordinates for the headquarters.  "Are you sure 
that you'll be okay by yourself on the earth?"
	"You worry about me like my Grandfather does Kiyone," said Mihoshi with a 
giggle while she began to pack hr bag.  "You both need to relax more."
	"Who's your Grandfather Mihoshi?" asked a puzzled Kiyone.
	"You mean in all the years we've been partners that I've never mentioned 
my Grandfather?"
	"No.  You haven't."
	"Grandpa's the Galaxy Police High Marshal," Mihoshi said nonchalantly as 
she packed her bag.
	"You mean that you're the High Marshals granddaughter!" exclaimed Kiyone 
nearly falling out of here chair.
	"Yup.  Well I got to be going," said Mihoshi as she twisted her control 
cube.  "Bye Kiyone!"  Kiyone looked on in amazement as the blonde GP blinked out 
of sight.  
	"It can't be," said a trembling Kiyone.  "That bubble brain is the High 
Marshal's granddaughter?"  After a moment of starring off into space Kiyone 
slumped down in her seat.  "Can my luck get any worse?" she asked to who ever 
was listening.  Her only response was the hum of the Yagami's engines.

	"Hello Miss Mihoshi," said Yukonojo as Mihoshi appeared on the bridge.  
"It has been a long time."
	"Yes it has Yukonojo.  Let's head to the earth."
	"Yes ma'am."  After a sputter Yukonojo's engines came to life 
Mihoshi sped toward the earth, while Kiyone in the Yagami headed for the Galaxy 
Police Headquarters.


	It was turning out to be a quiet afternoon in the Masaki house.  The sun 
had just begun to set and it bathed the house in a warm red light.  Sasami and 
Tenchi were fixing dinner and Washu had a large "Do Not Disturb" sign on the 
door to the lab, so Ryoko decided to just lay back for a while.  She dangled her 
arm as she laid the rafter above the living room.  This was her spot.  Why she 
liked it so much she just did not know.  Ever since she had come to live in this 
house she had claimed it for her own.  The other girls took the guest rooms, and 
Nobeyugi's when he at work during the week.  The rafter just seemed comfortable, 
just her and her pillow.  She yawned and stretched a little.  The tail on her 
yellow and blue-stripped dress followed suit.  She wished that Tenchi wanted to 
head out for Jurai.  She just wanted to have one more adventure in space before 
they got married and settled down.  Not that Ryoko had any plans to settle down.  
Without Mihoshi and Kiyone around for comedic relief things got a little too 
dull for her taste at times.  But this was a little too much. She just needed a 
little excitement.   She would soon get her wish.  
	"What the hell is that?" she asked as the house began to vibrate.  
	"Is that you Ryoko?" asked a puzzled Tenchi as he popped his head out of 
the kitchen.
	"It's not me, I promise!" replied Ryoko as dust began to fall from the 
shaking ceiling.  "Maybe it's Washu.  She's always up to something in that lab 
of hers."  Before Tenchi could reply the house was thrown in a shadow.  Ryoko 
phased through the rafter and landed by Tenchi's side.  By now Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, 
and Washu had congregated around Tenchi and Ryoko.  The shadow completely 
enveloped the Masaki house casting an eerie darkness.  A loud hum began to send 
reverberations through out the house.  Sasami screamed held onto Ryo-Ohki as 
picture frames fell from the walls and glasses shook off the counter tops.
	"Sounds like a ship," said Ryoko, as the noise grew louder.  "Who could it 
be, Ayeka said she wasn't coming for a while?"
	"I don't know," replied Tenchi as the noise stopped.   A deathly silence 
fell over the house.
 	"I don't like this," said Washu just as beam of blue light enveloped the 
group.  "Oh no," she added.
	"Miss Washu?" asked Tenchi as the light focused in on him. 
	"Get out of the way Tenchi!" screamed Ryoko as he began to levitate in the 
light. Before Tenchi could say a word the light turned from a soft blue to a 
blinding white.  Time seemed to pass in slow motion.  The look of shock and 
disbelief on Washu and Sasami's faces spoke volumes.  Ryoko flew across the room 
in a desperate attempt to get Tenchi out of the beam of light.  Just as she 
wrapped her arms around him he became ethereal.  
	"Oh shit," said Ryoko as she passed right through his body and crashed 
into the dinning table.  Splinters flew across the room as Tenchi vanished in 
the white light.
	"Tenchi!" she cried as she pulled herself from the remains of the table.  
Ryoko took a step towards the door then collapsed to her knees.  Her head was 
throbbing and she felt slightly nauseas.  Sasami ran to help her, as Ryoko held 
a hand to her head.  Blood trickled to the floor from a large cut on her 
forehead.
	"Tenchi," she repeated in weak voice, right before she passed out in 
Sasami's arms.  
	Washu ran out the front door just in time to see the large battleship to 
pull out above the mountains.  
	"The DARK HAWK," she said shielding her eyes from the setting sun she 
noticed a bright speck coming in towards the departing ship.  As it drew closer 
she recognized it as Yukonojo.  
	"At a girl Mihoshi," she said just a plasma burst from the battleship 
lashed out at Yukonojo.  The green burst struck Yukonojo's shields sending 
energy crackling around the cruiser.  Its port nacelle burst into flames sending 
the blonde GP's ship spiraling into the lake.  
	"It figures," commented Washu as lake water and a few fish rained down on 
her.  With a ripple effect the large ship phased from sight.  At first it left 
an area of distortion in front of the snow capped mountains, but it soon passed 
into nothingness.  Washu watched where it had been until she noticed Mihoshi 
walking out of the lake.
	"What was that?" asked a puzzled and soaked Mihoshi.
	"I have an idea, and its not good," replied Washu.  "Come on, the others 
need us," she said heading back towards the house.  Mihoshi nodded and followed 
her back inside.


	Tenchi awoke to find himself strapped by the wrists and ankles to a cold, 
metal table.  At first his vision was blurred but it soon came into focus on the 
five white lights in the ceiling above him. At least he thought it was the 
ceiling.  The last thing he remembered was floating in a beam of light, right 
before Ryoko tried to grab him.  Now he found himself in this dark place, or 
room, or whatever it was. He was not sure just what happened after that.  He 
tested the strength of the bands holding him.  
	"That will do you no good," came a seductive voice from the darkness 
surrounding him.  "Those restraints are designed to counter act your Jurai power 
with negative energy.  As long as you are bound by them, you are a normal 
human."
	"Who are you and what do you want with me?" inquired Tenchi to the 
disembodied voice.  The response sent a chill down his spine.
	"My name is Arianna, daughter of Kagato.  And as for what I want: I want 
you, Tenchi Masaki."


	"What happened here?" asked a stunned Nobeyugi as his brief case hit the 
floor.  "Father, what's going on?"  In a deafening silence he surveyed the 
wrecked living room.  When Ayeka and Ryoko used to fight this was commonplace, 
but that had not happened in years.  And the fact that Ayeka was halfway across 
the galaxy on Jurai.    
	"Tenchi," Ryoko began, but she could not finish.
	"What about Tenchi, Ryoko?  Did the two of you have a fight?"  The look of 
admonishment from Katsuhito confused Nobeyugi even more.
	"Someone has kidnapped Lord Tenchi," said Washu never looking up from her 
keyboard.  "And I'll be damned if I let them get away with it."    


Tenchi has been abducted and his temptation will follow.        


         

                  
