Tenchi Muyo! and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, save 
those created by the author.  This is a fanfic, is not for profit, and does not 
express the views of Pioneer, or AIC.

Tenchi Muyo! : Prelude to Insurrection

	For so long the universe seemed to revolve around the life of a certain 
young man living outside Okayama, Japan on the main island of Honshu.  His life 
had been simple once. His grandfather was a respected keeper of a Shinto shrine 
and his father was a successful architect.  The only thing missing from his life 
was the presence of his mother, whom the gods had taken from him when he was 
very young.  He did not blame them for this, he only wished at times that he 
could have known her better.  Everyday life simple: school work followed by 
chores, then his apprenticeship at the shrine.  Then one summer day he managed 
to get that key chain away from his grandfather and unlock the cave at the 
shrine.  Like I said before, life used to be so simple.
	Before he knew it Tenchi Masaki became the focal point of the entire 
universe.  Nowhere else in the galaxy could one find the ensemble that had 
collected around him.  There was Ryoko: the most wanted space pirate and 
demoness; Princess' Ayeka and Sasami: the heirs to the most powerful empire ever 
known to man; Washu: the goddess/mad scientist who insists that everyone treat 
her as a child; and Kiyone and Mihoshi: the Galaxy Polices finest officers.  Not 
to mention the fact that his grandfather was the crown prince who had rejected 
his thrown.  Toss in a few diabolical madmen trying to either kill him or rule 
the universe, and you make for some interesting occasions.  Did I mention that 
all of the aforementioned women want him?  Life used to be so simple.
	
	Tenchi stepped off the bus at the road that led to his house.  He had been 
away at school for the better part of four years now, but he tried to make it 
home as much as possible.   He shouldered his bag only to have it be taken from 
his hands.  At first he was surprised, but then he realized what was going on.
	"Hello Ryoko," he said to the space pirate floating above him.  She had 
been the one constant feature in his life over the past six years.  From the day 
he had freed Ryoko, he knew that there was something special about her.
	"You don't know how glad I am that you're home Tenchi," she said as she 
floated down to his side.  She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him 
close.  Even though they were engaged now Tenchi still blushed a little when she 
did that.  
	"I'm glad to be back too," he said before she gave a welcome home kiss.  
After a moment they pulled apart and Tenchi took his bag back from her.  Nothing 
else needed to be said between them.  Never before had Tenchi loved anyone like 
he did Ryoko, and she felt the same way towards him.  Cherry blossoms swirled 
around while they walked down the tree-lined path to the house.  The cool breeze 
made the warm spring day absolutely pleasant.   Tenchi watched Ryoko as they 
walked.  Ever since they started towards the house she had been telling him 
about he had missed since his last trip home.  She was glad he was back, and 
this time he had a semester off before he began graduate school.
	"So tell me," Tenchi began, "how are Ayeka and Sagami doing back on 
Jurai?"  Two years ago during the Tyran Crisis, Ayeka had fallen madly in love 
with a young Juraian military officer, Prince Sagami.  Shortly thereafter the 
two were engaged and were married a year later.  The wedding was the most 
spectacular that Jurai had ever seen.  Believe or not Tenchi was the best man 
and Ryoko was the bride's maid, but that's another story.
	"The same old same old," replied Ryoko.  "They're tied up with matters in 
the Juraian Council, and they miss Sasami tremendously.  You too."
	"That's nice."
	"They don't know exactly when they will make it back to the earth, but the 
said they will definitely come while your home."  Ryoko stopped as they came 
upon an old gray stone in the path.  It was on that spot that Tenchi had 
proposed to her last fall, and it was here she often came to think about him and 
the others.
	"When she come," Ryoko continued, "we should start planning the wedding."
	"Agreed," said Tenchi.  Before he could say anything else the couple was 
over taken by the giggles of Ryo-ohki.  The toddler came running towards them 
and flung herself onto Tenchi.  She hugged him and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
	"I love you too Ryo-ohki," he said bending over to give the cabbit child a 
hug.  As he did so a cherry blossom petal landed on her nose causing her to 
sneeze.  The little one lost her balance and tumbled over, reverting to her 
cabbit form.
	"Ryo-ohki," said Ryoko with a laugh.  She picked the little cabbit up and 
placed it on her shoulder.  Ryo-ohki nuzzled up against her life long friend and 
meowed pleasantly.  
	"It's good to be home," said Tenchi as the wind played through the cherry 
trees.  Time seemed to stand still on their walk back to the house.  The day was 
warm and the scent of the cherry blossom's permeated the air.
	"Tenchi! Tenchi!" called Sasami as they opened the gate to the yard.  
Tenchi sat down his bag and hugged Sasami as she ran to meet him.  Sasami had 
stayed on the earth after Ayeka returned to Jurai.  She decided that she was the 
"ambassador" to the earth from Jurai.  That and she loved the company of Tenchi 
and Ryoko.  Sasami was no longer the freckled ten-year old that fell to earth 
those six years ago.  Now she had blossomed into a graceful teenager; the very 
image of Tsunami.  It seemed that Ayeka's fears might have been warranted after 
all.
	"I've got a wonderful dinner planned for tonight," she said still hugging 
Tenchi.  "I've missed you."
	"I know Sasami, and I'm going to be home for a while."
	"That's great Tenchi," she replied.  By now Mihoshi and Kiyone had made 
their way out of the house.
	"Tenchi!" said Mihoshi with a yawn.  "I'm so happy to see you."
	"Me too," continued Kiyone.  "Things are just too quite around here while 
you're away."
	"You've got that right," said Ryoko, "you've got that right."  Once again 
the family is united.  Dinner was festive that night.  Sasami's gourmet talent 
was show cased to its fullest extent.  Well, it was Tenchi's welcome home 
dinner, right?  But even with the love shared around the table that night, 
everyone couldn't help but to think of the few who were not with them.

	Across the galaxy on Jurai Queen Ayeka's husband Prince Sagami sat in 
chair of the holy council.  The ancient wooden and ivory hall resounded with the 
lively debate being held within its walls.  
	"Order!  Order!" called Prince Sagami as he banged a marble sphere on his 
desk.  Its clang resonated through out the great hall of the Juraian Council.  
The council's two thousand delegates immediately fell silent.  The intense 
debate calmed as Sagami regained control of the floor.  
	"As the queen's prime minister I demand that this council maintain a sense 
of order!" he said placing the sphere into its cradle.  "We will settle this 
matter in accordance to the laws of Jurai."
	"The laws of Jurai are a thousand years out of date in regards to this 
situation."  The hall went silent as Marcus Rogal spoke out.  Rogal was a 
distinguished minister under Ayeka's father, Azusa, but in accordance to Juraian 
custom he resigned his post when Azusa stepped down and Ayeka and Sagami 
ascended to the throne.  
	"What is needed is swift and decisive action, lest the empire fall into 
ruin."
	"What your are suggesting is nothing short than full scale intergalactic 
war.  Do you really want that on your conscious Rogal?" replied Sagami.  There 
was no easy way around this situation.
	"What I want is for the best interests of the empire, the rest of the 
galaxy be damned.  That is what I say."  A murmur rose among the council members 
as Rogal stood his ground.  The seasoned minister was testing the mettle of the 
young prince.  "My Lord Sagami, I respect your military accomplishments, 
especially your service to Azusa during the Tyran Crisis.  But as prime minister 
you lack the experience necessary to handle this situation.  Therefore I am 
demanding a vote of no confidence in this matter."  Once again the hall was in 
uproar.  What was a delicate situation had just become a volatile one.
	"Quiet!" ordered Sagami.  The hall silenced and all eyes focused on him 
and Rogal.  "Once the vote has been requested, it must be seconded before it can 
be brought before the council.  Does any one second the call."
	The hall was absolutely quiet.  Either no one agreed with Rogal or no one 
was brave enough to speak out against the crown.  Rogal looked around the hall, 
hoping for someone to back his radical call.  
	"The motion has been rejected, minister Rogal." Said Sagami calmly.  The 
young noble had just weathered his first storm, but it would not be his last.  
	"Very well.  I formally withdraw the call of no confidence.  I also tender 
my resignation."  Rogal's resignation came amongst tremendous outcry.  All 
Sagami could do was watch in disbelief as the respected councilman left the 
great hall. Other council members pleaded with him to reconsider, but he stood 
resolute.  The remaining members fell quiet again as the great doors closed 
behind Rogal.  All eyes once again focused on Sagami, who was still in a state 
of shock.
	As Rogal walked through the marbled halls a cloaked figure approached him.  
"Is all well Lord Rogal?"  The seductive voice brought him out of his deep 
thought.  
	"Yes milady, all is well."  The figure returned to the shadows from whence 
it came.  Rogal smiled as he stared into the darkness.
	"All is well indeed."

	"It is not your fault, Sagami," said Ayeka.  Ever since the debacle in the 
council Sagami had been in a foul mood.  And it didn't appear that Ayeka could 
change it.
	"How can it not be my fault Ayeka?  Marcus Rogal is one of the most 
respected ministers in the history of Jurai!  And because of my incompetence he 
has resigned from the council.  It has been five thousand years since some one 
resigned from the council as he did.  He was right, apart from military 
operations I kknow little of the affairs of state."  Sagami plopped down onto 
the sofa next to his wife.  He shook his head as he ran a hand through his hair.
	"No one thinks that you are incompetent Sagami," reassured Ayeka.  "Jurai 
has weathered worse storms than Marcus Rogal, and it will over come this one."  
The sincerity in Ayeka's voice lifted Sagami's spirit.
	"You are right.  The next time the council meets we will decide this 
matter once and for all."  His eyes caught hers and a smile crept onto his face.  
"Lets visit the earth soon."
	Immediately Ayeka's eyes lit up.  "Do you mean it?" she asked.
	"Yes.  After the next weeks council session we will take a vacation to the 
earth and visit Tenchi.  I hear that he and Ryoko would enjoy our company. That 
and we haven't seen Sasami for months." 
	"I will call them right away," said Ayeka after giving Sagami a kiss on 
the cheek.  As he watched her leave their chamber he admired her poise and faith 
in him.  
	"We will weather this," he said to himself as he lay back on the sofa.

	A universe away the day's events on Jurai seem distant as the planet 
itself.
	        "That was fantastic Sasami!" said Mihoshi as she set her empty 
plate on the table.  "What's for dessert?"
	"Is food all that you ever think about?" asked Kiyone.
	"Nope.  I think about sleep too."  
	"Should have seen that coming," interjected Washu.  Kiyone just banged her 
head on the table.  
	"After all these years I just give up."  Everyone just looked at each 
other, feeling sorry for Kiyone.
	"I know," said Tenchi, "lets take some shaved ice to the lake and sit out 
tonight."
	"Great idea love," said Ryoko wrapping her arms around Tenchi.  "Moonlit 
nights are so romantic."  Once again Tenchi's trademark blush appeared.
	"We haven't done that in a while," replied Katsuhito, to which everyone 
agreed.  Everyone helped to clear the table and gather everything to take 
outside. Just as they were ready to go out the inter-dimensional phone rang, 
another one of Washu's amazing inventions.  It allows real time communications 
with the planet Jurai, and all points in between.
	"Somebody grab that," asked Tenchi carrying a pail of ice.  Ryoko walked 
over and hit the receive button on the viewer.  Ayeka's smiling face blinked 
into view.
	"Ryoko, its good to see you," she began, "is Lord Tenchi home yet?"  
	'Strange,' thought Ryoko, 'she's been back on Jurai for two years now and 
she still considers this home.'
	"He made it in today," began Ryoko.  "Tenchi, every body: its 
Ayeka!"  Everyone poured into the living room to see the view screen. 
	"Hello sister," said Sasami.  "I miss you."
	"I miss you too Sasami. How is school this year?"  
	"It's good.  I'm playing volleyball this fall."
	"I just want to let everybody know that Sagami and I are planning to visit 
in the next week, just as soon as the council settles a few matters."  Ayeka's 
demeanor changed slightly when she finished those words but immediately picked 
up when she saw the look on every one faces back on earth.
	"That's great Ayeka," began Tenchi, "we can't wait to see you."  Before 
Ayeka could respond a messenger entered her chambers.  The gang on the earth 
watched as he she took the padd from the courier.  They could tell from the look 
on her face that it was not good news.
	"What is it?" asked Washu.  She sensed that something grave was 
transpiring, but was not sure of just what.
	"There is an incident occurring at the royal ship yards.  Some type of 
explosion has happened and Sagami has gone to investigate.  I will call you back 
as soon as I have the details."  With that her image collapsed into a point of 
light then the screen went to black.   Sasami was first to break the silence.
	"I hope it's not serious," she said worriedly.
	"Don't worry," comforted Katsuhito, "I'm sure Sagami can handle what ever 
the matter is.  Now, let's head to the lake and enjoy the evening."  It was 
agreed upon and everyone went back to gathering the dessert baskets.  Talk was 
light as they walked to the lake.  Together they sat around the fire and shared 
the desserts.  As the night wound down all present listened to Katsuhito's 
stories and enjoyed each other's company.  But deep down they kept wandering 
what was going on planet Jurai.  

	Sagami ducked into a passageway as dark smoke billowed down the corridor.  
The usually spotless white halls of the orbital dockyard were now scorched and 
blackened by gunfire.  Wiring and conduit hung from the damaged ceiling and 
while sparks rained down on those below.  The firefight was only minutes old, 
but it was very intense.  Juraian forces had a group of saboteurs pinned down on 
the gangway leading to the navy's most advance battleship, the DARK HAWK.   Just 
as they began to advance a concussion grenade sent the Juraian forces scrambling 
for cover.  Trying to grasp the situation Sagami turned to the Security Chief 
for a status report.
	"There appears to be about two dozen of them hold up in the main gangway 
between the station and the DARK HAWK, Lord Sagami."  Sagami nodded as he tried 
to develop a strategy.  "We believe they intend to sabotage the ship, or steal 
some of its classified components."
	"I see.  They have us pretty much cut off from the ship, but we have them 
pinned to the area of the gangway."  The chief nodded as another thud 
reverberated through the station.  A small view screen blinked on in the wall 
next to Sagami.
	"Sir," the reporter began, "they have breached the DARK HAWK."  He was cut 
off as another explosion separated the gangway from the space station. Instantly 
the corridor depressurized.  Debris and people were blown into the vacuum of 
space.  Sagami held on for dear life as he tried to activate the emergency 
field. Before he did so the security chief was pulled from the bulkhead he was 
clinging to.
	"Chief!" yelled Sagami as he pushed off from the wall.  He used his 
momentum along with the vacuums pull to catch the chief.  Sagami braced himself, 
getting ready to grab a hold of any thing to keep from being blown into space.  
As he reached the gaping hole that used to be the gangway the force field 
activated.  The impact knocked the wind out of him and the Chief, but they were 
alive.  Gasping for breath Sagami looked up to see that a young ensign had 
activated the shield.  He nodded in gratitude towards the young man.
	"That is twice you have saved me now Lord Sagami," said the grateful 
Security Chief.  
	"My honor," panted Sagami.  "Please, just call me Sagami."  Sagami rose to 
one knee as he watched the DARK HAWK move out of the dockyards.  Other Juraian 
battleships began to close in on the new ship when it rippled out of sight.
	"Well," said Sagami, still gasping for a breath, "at least we know that 
the cloak works."  No one saw any levity in the moment.  Sagami looked around 
the decimated station.  Jurai's newest battleship had just been stolen, but that 
is not what bothered him the most.  Many fine people had just died in a 
senseless act, and the wounded lay about the station.  Ignoring his own wounds 
Sagami began to help those who were wounded.  He did not see to himself until 
the last man was taken care of.  Exhausted he leaned against the wall and slid 
to the floor.  A tear slid down his cheek as the medical personnel treated his 
wounds.
	"I will not let you die in vain," he promised the departed. 
     
	Marcus Rogal sat reading in his private library, one of the finest in the 
universe.  Volumes from countless worlds adorned its shelves, some many 
thousands of years old.  The smell of oiled leather and old paper permeated the 
room.  At the far end was an ancient star chart showing Jurai's empire at its 
height.  While he read a dark figure stepped out of the shadows.  Its presence 
brought Rogal's eyes away from the archaic tome that he was reading.  
	"Milady, I take it that the endeavor was successful?" he inquired of the 
dark figure.
	"It was indeed," she replied.  "Soon our plan shall be in full effect, and 
you will regain your former glory."  
	Rogal smiled at the being's seductive voice.  "It is not personal glory 
that I seek.  I only want what is best for the empire."
	The woman looked out from her cloaked visage.  "Yes I see, for the good of 
the empire."  With that she returned to the shadows.  Rogal smiled as he thought 
of the endless possibilities that lay before him.
	"For the good of the empire," he said to himself with a slight grin.  "For 
the good of the empire indeed." 
       

The insurrection has begun, and the abduction will follow.  To be continued. 


