Tenchi Muyo! and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, save 
those created by the author.  This is a fanfic, is not for profit, and does not 
express the views of Pioneer and AIC.

Tenchi Muyo! Insurrection: Revolution


	The first sign of trouble was when the proximity alarms went off on the 
bridge of the DARK HAWK.  This was quickly followed the panicked cry from the 
ships controller.
	"Lord Rogal! Two spacecraft have appeared on our sensors!" barked the 
alarmed crewman.  Marcus Rogal had been directing his forces from the bridge of 
the DARK HAWK.  His carefully laid plans seemed to have been working flawlessly.  
The combined Loyalist and Galaxy Police fleets were being held at bay by his 
allied forces.  Things were working perfectly in his favor, too perfectly in 
fact.  If he had been paying attention he would have noticed the slight anomaly 
passing through the main lines.  It was not much but it would have been enough 
to detect the cloaked Yukonojo.  By the time the young ensign had sounded the 
alarm it was too late.  The DARK HAWK was rocked as Ken-Ohki's spiked hull 
pierced its armor.
	"Where the hell did they come from!" screamed Rogal as he braced himself 
on the bridge railing.  
	"They must have been running cloaked," replied another of the bridge crew.  
"Damage reports are coming in from all over sir. There is a hull breach on deck 
five and life support is failing on decks six through nine.  Two intruders were 
detected on deck four before the internal array went off line."
	'Dammit,' thought Rogal.  He knew that the intruders could only be two of 
a handful of people and he knew what they were coming after.  "Men, seal the 
damage and keep us away from the main line until all systems are back online.  
Captain the bridge is yours," he finished as she stormed off the bridge.  
	"Where are you going Lord Rogal," inquire the befuddled captain.
	"I am going to welcome our guests personally."

	"This way Nagi," said Katsuhito as they wound their way through the 
corridors of the DARK HAWK.  The pall of acrid smoke hung in the air and in 
places the lights were flickering.  The duo ducked behind a bulkhead as a few 
crewmen ran past.  They were in too great of a hurry to notice Nagi and 
Katsuhito.  
	"Which way now?" asked Nagi as she tried to understand the schematic 
diagram on the wall.  "Rogal is on the bridge, right?"
	"More than likely he has moved to the throne room to await our arrival.  
We will find him there."  Nagi nodded and took off after Katsuhito.
	'For an old guy he sure moves fast,' she thought.  Katsuhito glanced back 
at her just then giving the impression that he could read her mind.  She just 
shook her head and picked up the pace.  They rounded another corner before they 
came to an abrupt halt.  Two-dozen or so security personnel raised their guns at 
them prepared to fire.
	With out saying a word Katsuhito and Nagi leapt into the soldiers.  
In a flash Katsuhito drew a bokken from his robes and knocked several of the 
guards out cold.  Nagi pulled her force saber and sent a few bolts screaming 
into the mass of people.  Now the remaining guards were firing at any thing that 
moved.  Fortunately Katsuhito and Nagi were moving too quickly for them to get a 
good bead on them.  The fight was over before it really began.  Nagi and 
Katsuhito stood amongst the pile of incapacitated guards.
	"Pathetic," said Nagi as she holstered her saber.  Katsuhito nodded in 
agreement as he slid the bokken back into his robes.
	"The throne room is two decks above us, and the opposition will only get 
stronger," he began.
	"So we should find an alternate route," interjected Nagi.
	"Exactly," said Katsuhito pulling the cover to an access shaft open.  
"Ladies first."  Nagi gave him a slight smirk as she climbed into the shaft.  
Katsuhito pulled himself into the passageway and resealed the access point.  
Stealth would be the modus operandi for the rest of the journey to Rogal's 
throne room.


	"Two minutes until we reach the royal palace," informed Yukonojo.  
	"Listen up everybody," began Ryoko as Washu activated a hologram of the 
palace's layout.  "Washu, Azaka, you two come with me to rescue Tenchi.  
Kamidake: you, Ayeka and Father head for where they are holding Sagami, then 
join up with us in the throne room."
	"Right!" said Nobeyugi as he cocked his gun.  Everyone looked at each 
other in slight disbelief.  The mild mannered Nobeyugi was standing there in 
fatigues armed to the teeth with a white head ban with a rising sun tied around 
his forehead.  His chest was crossed with machine gun ammunition and a large 
serrated knife was at his side.
	"Went a bit over board didn't we?" remarked Washu as she tried to figure 
out is she was looking at Tenchi's father or a Japanese remake of Rambo.     
	"I'll be setting her down in twenty-seconds," announced Mihoshi.  
She guided Yukonojo towards the landing pad and flared up to make the perfect 
three point landing.   "De-cloaking now!"  As the silver blue shape of Yukonojo 
rippled into sight small arms fire began to ping off its hull.  The spaceport 
was obviously defended.  "Touch down!" Mihoshi yelled as the main ramp lowered.  
The first one out was Nobeyugi, guns a blazing.
	"I'm coming for ya' son!" he screamed as bullets ricocheted everywhere.  
The Insurrectionists guarding the spaceport ducked for what ever cover they 
could find.  After a minute or so Nobeyugi ran out of ammo.  When his guns 
clicked empty and threw out the last links from the feed belts the stunned 
Insurrectionists began to peer out from their hiding places.
	"Uh-oh," whimpered Nobeyugi as he tried to reload.  In its incredible 
stupidity Nobeyugi's headlong banzai charge had allowed Ryoko to get behind the 
stunned Insurrectionists.  With an orange flash of energy she incapacitated the 
lot of them.
	"Come on Rambo," said Washu as she grabbed Nobeyugi by the ear and dragged 
him behind her.
	"Who is 'Rambo'?" asked a puzzled Azaka.  Kamidake and Ayeka just 
shrugged.  
	"Good luck you guys!" said Mihoshi as Yukonojo re-cloaked.  "I'm gonna go 
help Kiyone!"  The others watched as the exhaust of Yukonojo's engines swirled 
around the landing pad.
	"Be careful Mihoshi," breathed Ryoko as they entered the palace.  "Lets 
go," she said as they split into their respective parties.  The throne room was 
three floors above them and Ryoko knew that the path would be heavily defended.  
That's why she brought Washu and Azaka with her.  The universes greatest genius 
and Jurai's first knight teamed with the infamous space pirate should have no 
problems reaching the throne room.  It was what would happen when they got there 
that bothered her.

	The fighting was intense on the streets of the capitol of Jurai City.  
Kiyone's special ops team was holding the Insurrectionist forces away from the 
palace but they could not keep it up for ever.  Kiyone crouched behind a ruined 
wall as a blast exploded near by.  Her team had taken moderate casualties and 
was need of reinforcements.  As she surveyed the battlefield the sound of small 
arms fire at the palace caught her attention.  She saw Yukonojo rippled into 
view for a quick moment before it faded out of sight.
	'Their here,' she thought to herself.  A near by explosion quickly 
returned her attention to the battle at hand.  "Fall back!" she barked as the 
Insurrectionists began to push forward.  She tossed a smoke grenade to provide 
some cover for their withdrawal.  "We'll make our stand over there," she said 
pointing to a bombed out building. 'I hope it's not our last,' added 
subliminally. 

	"Where is Sagami!" said Ayeka as she held the Insurrectionist trooper by 
the throat.  Using Nobeyugi as a decoy she and Kamidake had ambushed a group of 
palace guards and incapacitated all of them but one.  And that one probably 
wished that he were unconscious right about now.
	"I said where is SAGAMI!" she repeated as she slapped the poor wretch 
across the face.  He fell to his knees and coughed a little blood before 
spitting out a broken tooth.
	"It would be wise to answer her majesty," added Kamidake.
	"Yeah," interjected Nobeyugi.  "Trust me: you do not want to see her 
pissed," he finished with a sly smile.  TThe trembling guard looked at him 
unsure if was being truthful or not.  Fearing for his life he decided to comply.
	"Lord Sagami is being held with the others in the interrogation chamber."
	"This palace does not have an interrogation chamber!" exclaimed Ayeka as 
she raised her hand again.
	"Please your majesty," begged the guard, "That is where I heard he was 
being held.  All I know is that it is two floors below us."
	"That is where the infirmary is located," said Kamidake.
	" 'A more humane rule indeed'," snorted Ayeka as she unleashed an energy 
bolt towards the guard.  He fell to the floor smoking, but alive.  
	"I told ya' not to piss her off," said Nobeyugi with a chuckle as they 
headed for the stairs.
	"Lady Ayeka," asked Kamidake, "why would he call the infirmary the 
interrogation chamber?"  Ayeka had no certain answer and all of the possible 
ones made her tremble.


	Nagi swung her legs out of the access tube and crouched as she landed on 
the corridor below.  Katsuhito followed and landed with his back to hers to 
cover the other direction.  
	"We are one hundred meters from the throne room," said Katsuhito has he 
checked the schematic on the corridor wall.  
	"It's going to be the longest hundred meters of our lives though."
	"More than likely," he said with a grin.  "But a good fight is always 
worth fighting, is it not?"  Nagi smiled at Katsuhito's throwing of her words 
back at her.  "Lets go."  They walked up to the sealed door and keyed in the 
access code.  With a hydraulic hiss it slid open.  The ornate doors of the 
throne room lay at the far end of the corridor.  Between them and those doors 
was no less than a platoon of heavily armed soldiers.  In unison they raised 
their weapons and locked them onto Katsuhito and Nagi.
	"What now?" she asked.  Her confident voice was betrayed by a hint of 
apprehension.
	"We should pray."  His voice was drowned out by a multitude of gunshots.

	Katsuhito threw up a shield of Jurai energy while Nagi dodged to the side 
of the corridor.  With a golden streak she drew her force saber and lunged into 
the mass of troopers.  The tip glowed electric blue as energy coursed through 
the weapon.    A muffled "hhmmf" was all her victims made when she incapacitated 
them with the sabers energy.  She bounced from soldier-to-soldier before a lucky 
shot grazed her shoulder.  Nagi groaned loudly as she hit the floor and rolled 
into a group of the guards.  She looked defiantly into the barrel of a pulse 
rifle expecting it to be last thing she ever saw.  To her surprise the soldier 
grunted and fell over to her side.  Getting back to her feet Nagi saw the blue 
and white blur of Katsuhito bound past where the poor trooper had been standing.  
A slight grin crept onto her face as she rejoined the fight.
	While Nagi had leapt towards the flank of the platoon Katsuhito used his 
Jurai power to attack them headlong.  Their pulse rifle shots bounced off his 
energy shield as he drew his bokken and began to cut a swath through their 
middle.  One soldier pulled a knife from his side only to have its blade 
shattered by Katsuhito's bokken.  Others began to use their rifles as clubs and 
swung them wildly as he raced through their midst.  He figured that these 
soldiers were better trained than the ones before.  They did not fire into the 
their own mass as he fought through their ranks.  The only shots being fired 
were at Nagi while she raced around the outside.  'No use in killing ones self' 
he thought just as he saw Nagi hit the ground making a loud thud.  A soldier 
leveled his gun towards her and she was unable to defend herself.  With blinding 
speed he jumped towards the wall and pushed himself off a bulkhead.  His bokken 
caught the trooper square across the shoulders and he crumpled to the floor.  
	A few second s later the remaining guards gave up the fight and made a mad 
dash away from Katsuhito and Nagi.  As they ran Nagi fired off an energy pulse 
and sealed the passage way behind them.
	"Now," she said began, "we can pay Lord Rogal a visit."  Her shoulder was 
beginning to throb making it difficult for her to use her saber.  Seeing this 
Katsuhito tore a strip of his kimono sleeve off and made a bandage out of it.
	"Thank you," said Nagi as he tied it around her arm.  The increased 
pressure hurt like hell for a moment but the pain soon eased up a little.  She 
looked up at the imposing doors that stood before them.
	"These doors will only open by command from within," began Katsuhito as he 
ran his hand over the ornate carvings.  He followed the representation of the 
sacred tree Tsunami until he came to the tri-foil shape of the Light Hawk Wings.
	"Or from the outside by somebody of royal descent."  His hand began to 
glow with a blue light as he imparted some of his Jurai power to the door.  The 
carving of Tsunami began to glow with the same light as it recognized his Jurai 
power.  He removed his hand from the tri-foil and the doors slowly began to 
open.


	"This has been too easy," commented Ryoko.  The most resistance they had 
encountered was a handful of guards' two floors back.  Her rescue team entered 
the hall leading to the throne room.  The ornate statues of the former emperors 
and empresses of Jurai lining the hall amazed her.  To Ryoko's surprise the 
places for Ayeka and Sagami's statues were not vacant.  Their marble statues 
stood resolute.  Next to them both was a statue of Tenchi, dressed in the 
ornaments of the emperor.  This seemed strange to her and her mind played back 
to how she always imagined him: wearing his plain field shirt and blue jeans.  
She didn't know the person carved out in the royal robes.  And frankly she did 
not want to know him.
	"There is no need for guards this deep into the palace," began Azaka.  "No 
one can harm the emperor of Jurai."
	"Who said we're going to harm him?" asked Washu.  "Although Arianna might 
be another story."  Ryoko felt her heart sink as Washu finished her words.  She 
still had mixed emotions over fighting Arianna.  Finally they came to the door 
of the inner sanctum.  They were just as ornately decorated as those on the Dark 
Hawk.
	"Should we knock?" said Ryoko sarcastically as the doors began to open 
seemingly of their own accord.
	"It appears that some one wants us to come on in," said Washu.  The trio 
quietly entered the darkened chamber.

	"Fire in the hole!" hollered Nobeyugi as he tossed a concussion grenade 
around the corner.  Dark smoke billowed down the hallway as the shock wave moved 
out at the speed of sound. After a moment had passed he poked his head around 
the corned and saw that the few remaining guards were out cold.
	"I could get to like this," he said as the others joined him.
	"The doors have been sealed," said Kamidake after he had keyed in his 
access code.
	"No door shall keep me from my Sagami," replied Ayeka as she began to form 
and energy sphere.  Her headpiece glowed bright white as she unleashed the ball 
upon the doors.  They easily gave way to her Jurai power.  Once the smoke 
cleared they entered the infirmary.  To their horror they found Sagami and 
several members of the Holy Council strapped to examination tables.  Horrendous 
implements of torture were suspended above them.  Their sharp probes and needles 
looked as if they had been used recently.
	"Sagami," screamed Ayeka as she ran to his side.  She quickly released the 
restraints and cradled him.  "Sagami," she repeated in a whimper.   Nobeyugi 
checked on the others but they had already succumbed to the extremes of the 
"interrogation" methods.  Ayeka began to cry her for her husband when she 
realized that the others had not survived.  And near as she could tell Sagami 
had not made it either.  Nobeyugi and Kamidake bowed their head in prayer as her 
first tears began to fall onto his face.
	"Don't cry," he managed in a low whisper.
	"Sagami?" asked Ayeka unsure if she had heard him or not.  Sagami managed 
a faint smile to reassure her that it was indeed he who had spoke.  Ayeka held 
him close and wept with joy.  
	"I'll find a med kit," said Kamidake as Nobeyugi gave Sagami some water 
from his canteen.  
	"Hang in there," pleaded Ayeka.  Her fears over Sagami had been 
alleviated, but they soon returned when she thought of Tenchi and her brother.

	Kiyone screamed as the floor beneath her suddenly gave way.  The remnants 
of her special ops team were in dire straits.  They were surrounded on two sides 
and the only way out was an assured death.
	"Kiyone," came a familiar voice over her com link.
	"Is that you Mihoshi?" 
	"Yep." 
	"We need an EVAC ASAP! Can you do it?"  Mihoshi looked over the 
battlefield for a suitable landing spot before she decided to come down right on 
top of Kiyone's signal.
	"I'm coming down right on top of you," she warned.  "Be ready as soon as I 
de-cloak."
	"You're doing WHAT!" screamed Kiyone as dust and debris began to swirl 
from Yukonojo's engines.  Her team moved back to let the ship land without 
flattening them.  
	"Get in!" said Mihoshi as the ramp lowered.  Kiyone made sure that her 
team made it in before she got onboard.  She pulled the control handle and the 
ramp began close.  She watched the capitol city disappear beneath her as 
Yukonojo gained altitude.  A blue haze washed over the window signaling that the 
cloak was active.  In the distance loomed the palace.
	'Be careful everyone,' she thought.  
	"Where to Kiyone," chirped Mihoshi over the intercom.
	"Lets get the wounded out of here then come back and help 
Tenchi."
	"Right."


	"Welcome Lord Yosho," echoed Rogal's voice across the throne room.  A beam 
of light shining onto the throne was the only illumination in the darkened room.
	"This masquerade is over Rogal," said Katsuhito.
	"Mine or yours?  You do not expect for me to believe that the crowned 
prince of Jurai enjoys life as a lowly priest on a backwater planet, do you 
now?"  As he finished the light expanded to include Katsuhito and Nagi.
	"I have known things that the crowned prince could have never known," 
replied Katsuhito.  His bokken slid out from his sleeve and he held it at his 
side.
	"It will take more than a wooden toy to defeat me Yosho," replied 
Rogal.
	"I know," said Katsuhito as he tossed the bokken aside.  "This should be 
more than adequate."  From his other sleeve he produced the hilt of Tenchi-ken.  
Its blue blade sparked then jumped to life.
	"Very good," said Rogal as he tossed his cloak aside.  He drew his own key 
and produced a green blade.  "You were always my best student Yosho.  Tell me: 
have you surpassed your master?"  With that Katsuhito lunged towards Rogal.  
Nagi shielded her eyes from the intense light created when their blades met.  
She knew better than to get involved in this fight.  She just watched in awe as 
Katsuhito and Rogal clashed.
	"Your technique is as superb as ever Yosho," said Rogal as 
Katsuhito parried one of his blows.  "Can you handle this!" he yelled as he 
channeled his energy through his key.  Katsuhito quickly jumped to the side and 
brought his blade down on Rogal.  


	"There he is," whispered Ryoko.  Tenchi was sitting upon the imperial 
throne, but he didn't seem to notice the intrusion into his inner sanctum.  
"Tenchi!" she screamed running towards him.  She made it about half way to the 
throne when Tenchi stood up.  
	"He is mine and mine alone," said Arianna emerging from the shadows.  "He 
doesn't even remember you Ryoko."
	"Get away from him you bitch," spat Ryoko in tears.  "You will pay for 
what ever you have done to my Tenchi."
	"What I've done to him?  Is that any way to speak to your sister?" asked 
Arianna.  "All I have done is free him the burden he carried.  The burden caused 
by you.  Now Tenchi, show her who you care about."  Like an automaton Tenchi 
began to move towards Ryoko.  Azaka and Washu moved in behind Ryoko when Arianna 
froze time around them.
	"You two will not interfere."  Ryoko screamed Tenchi's name but it had no 
affect on him.  To her surprise he held out his hand and formed the Light Hawk 
sword.
	"Let us see if you really love him," said Arianna with a sadistic grin.  
"Kill her, Lord Tenchi."  With out saying a word Tenchi ran towards Ryoko.   She 
jumped back as he tried to cut her down.
	"Snap out of it Tenchi!" she pleaded as she avoided another thrust, but 
Tenchi was firmly under Arianna's spell.  Finally Ryoko formed her own energy 
sword to parry his attack.
	"Tenchi, its me Ryoko!" she begged.  Once again her words fell onto deaf 
ears as Tenchi pressed forward his attack.  Ryoko dodged as Tenchi hurled the 
Light Hawk sword towards her slicing a fluted column in two.  Once again Ryoko 
had to duck as its upper portion topple over.  Tenchi reformed the Light Hawk 
sword and leveled a cold, icy stare in her direction. 
	"I serve Arianna," he said with no emotion.  "There is no other for me."  
Ryoko felt her heart sink as he ran towards her, sword drawn for the kill.
	"I will... not... KILL YOU!" screamed Ryoko as she fired a mild energy 
beam into Tenchi.  It was just enough to knock him off balance and leave an 
opening for Ryoko.  Reluctantly she bought her sword down on him.  Tenchi 
regained his balance just in time to block the blow.  Energy crackled as their 
blades locked. 
	"Tenchi, wake up damn it!" screamed Ryoko.  In the background she could 
hear Arianna's cold laughter.  She was enjoying this immensely.  Tenchi 
channeled all of his energy through the Light Hawk sword, and it took all of 
Ryoko's strength to hold him back.  Lightening strikes fell at their feet from 
the sheer energy involved in the duel.   Ryoko looked deep into Tenchi's 
lifeless eyes, trying to see if there was any thing left of his former self or 
not.  All she saw was a cold darkness...


	Katsuhito brought the blade of Tenchi-ken down onto Rogal's arm.  Rogal 
screamed as pain shot through right arm.  But soon he realized that Katsuhito 
had not cleaved through his arm, but only the sleeve of his robe.  Katsuhito 
pulled his blade free and jumped back leaving Rogal starring at his damaged arm.  
Finally it dawned on him exactly what Katsuhito had done to him.
	"Very good, Yosho," he replied as smoke began to rise from the gash in his 
robe.  "I see you remembered the control gauntlet.  Very well done."
	"Now you have no control over Tenchi or Arianna," said Katsuhito with a 
wicked grin.  "From here on this is between you and me."
	"So be it."  The two jumped back into their dual, but the repercussions of 
Katsuhito's actions were just being felt back on Jurai.


	Ryoko was beginning to weaken.  Even with the combined power of her jewels 
she was unable to stand up to Tenchi's Light Hawk Wings.  She knew that she 
could form the Light Hawk Wings herself but she was afraid that if she did, it 
would kill Tenchi.
	"His only desire is to see you dead-," began Arianna.  But before she 
could finish a sharp pain shot through her head.  She screamed in terrible agony 
as she fell to her knees.
	"My head," she muttered before the pain overwhelmed her.  Instantly her 
control over Tenchi was broken and he fell out.  Ryoko caught him before he hit 
the floor but was unsure of what just happened.  
	"What was that?" asked Azaka as time returned to its normal flow around 
him and Washu.
	"Arianna is no longer under Rogal's power," began Washu, "so Tenchi is 
free as well."  Ryoko held Tenchi for a moment before he came too.  
	"Where am I?" he muttered.
	"Its over," sobbed Ryoko.  "Its over."


	"I will not let you destroy my dream!" screamed Rogal as he sent Katsuhito 
flying into the wall.  "You forsook the throne and I want it!"
	"What happened to you Rogal," panted Katsuhito as he wiped a drizzle of 
blood from his lip.  "My father trusted you above all others.  Now you dishonor 
his memory by fighting me and usurping my sister."
	"Don't spit your petty trifles at me, Yosho.  I was the power behind the 
throne.  It was I who held the government together when Azusa took that 
earthling whore as a wife, and when you rejected your birth right.  Time and 
time I held this pathetic empire together.  And I will guide Jurai back to its 
former glory!"   Katsuhito had heard all that he could stand.  He stood up and 
unleashed his full Jurai power.
	"I had hoped that you could be redeemed, but I was mistaken.  
And I will not make that mistake twice."  With that Katsuhito bounded off one of 
the bulkheads in the throne room and brought the blue blade of Tenchi-ken down 
on Rogal.  To Katsuhito's surprise Rogal offered up no resistance. In an arch of 
blue light Rogal was cut down.
	"May you find peace in the next life Marcus Rogal," said Katsuhito as the 
blade of the master key dissipated.  Nagi reemerged from the shadows and 
approached Katsuhito.          
	"Is it over?"
	"All we have to do is contact the Galaxy Police-," Katsuhito stopped as a 
glint caught the corner of his eye.  He walked towards the lifeless form of 
Marcus Rogal and rolled him over.  In his left hand was a remote control.  The 
safety cap had been flicked up and his thumb was still depressing the red button 
in its center.  A small green light was flashing and gave off a low beep.
	"Is that what I think it is?" asked Nagi as she took a step back from 
Rogal.
	"We have to get out of here now!" said Katsuhito grabbing her arm.  They 
ran through the closing throne room doors and into the main corridor.  By now 
the klaxons were blaring and everyone else was trying to get off the Dark Hawk 
as well.  
	"Come Ken-Ohki," said Nagi as they stopped by one of the ships arched 
windows.  In the distance they could see the remnants of Rogal's fleet being 
pursued by the Galaxy Police and Loyalist forces.  Soon the crystalline form of 
Ken-Ohki came into sight.  As its spikes penetrated the hull Nagi and Katsuhito 
were transported onboard.
	"Lets get out of here," commanded Nagi.  Ken-ohki responded with an 
enthusiastic "cha-owww".  Katsuhito watched the Dark Hawk enter its death 
throws.  With a brilliant flash a ring of plasma and debris was hurled forth 
from where the Dark Hawk had once been.
	"Nagi, would you be kind enough to take me to my grandson?" asked 
Katsuhito as he sat down against the wall.  Nagi smiled at him and steered Ken-
Ohki towards the royal palace.  On the way down they joined up with the 
returning Yukonojo.  Soon the Masaki family would be reunited again.



The revolution may be over but there are many things that must be absolved.
   

        

