

Interesting Diversions
by, Clayton Overstreet

  Washu sat in her lad absently typing on her keyboard. She kept wondering 
why Ryoko had
asked her to make that mini-atmosphere on the moon. She knew that her 
daughter was most
likely going to use it as part of her latest 'get Tenchi' plan. Washu 
chuckled to herself. She
hadn't been able to read her daughter's mind, but from what she'd seen Ryoko 
had put alot of
thought into it this time. Oh well, should be fun to watch.

  Tenchi sat back on a patch of soft dirt in his carrot garden and took out 
the lunch Sasami had
packed for him. Though for some reason today he didn't realy pay that much 
attention to it. Oh
it was delicious as always, but he had something on his mind. For the last 
hour or so he had felt
like someone was watching him. He closed his eyes and held the master key in 
his pocket. His
eyes snapped open and he turned to grin at the tree behind him, "Hey Ryoko, 
would you like a
bite of my lunch?" He laughed softly as he heard a gasp from in the leaves. 
Then Ryoko
appeared next to him and sighed, "I'm out of practice." She snagged half his 
sandwich and
started eating, staring off into the woods. Tenchi smiled at her, "So what 
are you doing today?
Avoiding the chores." Ryoko frowned for a second, but then smiled at him. 
"Well yeah, but I
was also watching you work." She hugged him tightly. Tenchi blushed and 
backed off. Ryoko
looked at him hurt.
  Tenchi saw her and said, "I'm sorry Ryoko, you just kind of make me 
nervouse." A tear fell
down the side of her face that Tenchi couldn't see. She wiped it away before 
he could see it.
"What makes you nervouse around me? Aren't I pretty?" Tenchi smiled and 
nodded, "Aww
come on Ryoko, you know your gorgeous. But incase you forgot, when we met 
you tried to
kill me. Plus... well never mind."
  Ryoko looked at him, "No, go on. What were you going to say?" Tenchi 
gulped and looked
at her, "Well don't take this the wrong way, but I'm just not entirely sure 
you feel the way you
say you do. Usualy when you see me your either trying to seduce me so you 
have an excuse to
fight with Ayeaka, or your trying to talk me into giving you back your 
gems." Ryoko looked
down. Then she said something completely unexpected, "You're right."
  Tenchi looked at her shocked, "Wha..what?" Ryoko smiled up at him a little 
sarcasticaly.
"Well you are right. I fight with Ayeaka just to piss her off. When I do I 
usualy ignore or forget
that my friends are in the way of the blast." She shook her head, "It's 
jsut... that's how it always
used to be. I never had to watch out who I was blasting because Kagato had 
me kill everyone.
Plus I realy do keep bugging you for my gems. I do that because they give 
you control over me.
I wanted them so that I could show you that when I could leave, I wouldn't." 
Another tear fell,
and this time Tenchi saw it. He reached out and wiped it away. She turned 
her head away from
him, "Tenchi... I've known you for so long..."
  Tenchi was confused, "Ryoko, it hasn't even been a year yet. That isn't 
that long a time." She
looked at him again, wanting to tell him about having watched him grow up 
from the cave.
Having tried to comfort him when he had come to grieve for his mother. Then 
the image of
Ayeaka laughing when she had told the princess about it. No, if Tenchi 
laughed at her she
couldn't take it. She turned and smiled, "Hey Tenchi, how about this? You 
and me spend the
day alone, no Ayeaka, no seducions, just you and me? How about that?" Tenchi 
thought about
it for a second, "No seductions?" She nodded seeing him weaken slightly, 
"None. And anytime
you want to stop, no matter what i will teleport us right back here ok?" 
Tenchi thought about it
for a minute. He realy did find Ryoko atractive, but she scared him. On the 
other hand Ayeaka
wasn't that much better since she had also tried to kill him when they met. 
Besides, he had
been taught that everyone deserved a second chance.
  He looked at her, "Ok, but two things. First you have to stick to the deal 
or I call it off."
Ryoko nodded, "And second?" Tenchi smiled, "And second we don't tell Ayeaka 
until after
and if she or any of the others want me to do the same thing you can't 
interfere, ok?" Ryoko
thought that one over. She was certain that when Ayeaka found out, she'd 
definately insist on
the same treatment. But the chance to get Tenchi alone together was to good 
to pass up.
"Alright, but YOU can't suggest it to her. Deal?" She etended a hand and 
Tenchi took it,
"Deal!"

  Washu watched her screens in amazement. Ryoko had actually gotten Tenchi 
to agree to a
date! She had heard about the deal where anyone else could ask the same 
thing, but she
decided not to take advantage of her dauhter like that...yet. She smiled, 
well that explained her
asking for that spot on the moon. What better place to go with Tenchi? And 
she's even done it
when Mihoshi and Kyonei (who had arrived the month before) were off giving 
their report to
headquarters. Washu was glad to see her daughter could plan things out. It 
wasn't as clever or
devious as one of her plans would have been, but it was still good.

  Ryoko left Tenchi in the field and flew home happy. Her plan was going 
great so far. Now all
she had to do was find her anti-Ayeaka distraction. She was so super hyper 
though. She had a
date with Tenchi! Woo hoo.

  The next day Ryoko was up early. It was Saturday so Ayeaka would be 
sleeping in. Sasami
had breakfast ready so she ate with Tenchi and the others. Then she ran off 
to Washu's lab.
"Hey Mom, did you set up that spot on the moon for me?" Washu nodded, " Yes, 
but you have
to tell me what you need it for. Or else I won't give you the coordinants." 
Ryoko growled," No
way. You'll just have to watch. And don't tell Ayeaka about it or I'll be 
realy embarassed."
Washu grinned, "Suppose she asks me?" Ryoko just looked at her evily. Washu 
handed her
the crystal with the directions. She laughed as Ryoko left the room. Then 
one of her machines
beeped and she turned her attention to it. Suddenly Ryoko yeleld back, "And 
no cammera's
mom!" Washu cursed and sighed.
  Ryoko appeared next to Tenchi, "Hey Tenchi, ready for out trip?" Tenchi 
smiled and nodded.
"Do I need to bring anything with me?" Ryoko thought about it for a second. 
"Well get a big
towel, some swim trunks, and that water proof cammera you dad bought to spy 
on us in the
bath. Oh, and some sunscreen." Tenchi nodded and left to get the things on 
the list. He didn't
know what Ryoko had planned, but for some reason he was sure she would stick 
to the deal.

  Washu's sensores beeped informing her that someone had landed on the 
mini-atmosphere she
had set up. She smiled evily. She had promised no cammera's but her sensores 
indicated two
humanoid life forms there. Laughing Washu focused on the infrared that 
showed two warm
bodies, sitting on what looked like a blanket. One had spiky hair, and the 
other was behind
that one."I am the greatest scientist ever!"

  Ayeaka woke up at about five minutes past eleven. She quickly showered and 
dressed.
When she walked down stairs she saw several plates of food on the table. She 
sat down in her
place and ate slowly. When she was done she sat her dishes in the sink, "I 
wonder where
Sasami and everyone are?" She looke daround and saw a note onthe 
refrigerator:

Ayeaka, Ryo-oki and I went on a picnic You can join us if you want. Yosho's 
at the shrine,
Nobiyuki is at work, and you were in bed. Ryoko and Tenchi left this 
morning.
Love, Sasami

  Ayeaka almost fainted. Ryoko and Tenchi were gone and togehter! She must 
have kidnapped
him! Ayeaka screamed and ran to Washu's lab. After a minute of banging on 
the door Washu
answered it. "Yes Ayeaka, did you want something?" Ayeaka took a deep 
breath, "Do you
know where Tenchi and Ryoko went?" Washu smiled. She knew she shouldn't do 
this to her
daughter, but Ryoko had to learn not to try to keep secrets from her mother. 
"All I know
Ayeaka is that she had me make her a small atmospere on the moon and about 
an hour ago
my sensores indicated two humanoids there." Ayeaka fummed, "An hour! I have 
to hurry."
Washu looked at her, "An how would you be planning to get there without a 
ship?" Ayeaka
had already left yelling, "Azaka, Kamidaki!"
  The guardians appeared on either side of the princess, "Yes Ayeaka?" 
Ayeaka looked at
them, "Can you take me to the moon. We have to go to save lord Tenchi from 
Ryoko."
The guardians bowed, "Yes princess." They formed a force feild around her 
and flew out the
door and up into the sky.
  Ten minutes later the reached the clouds and Ayeaka was yelling again, 
"Can't you go any
faster?" Azaka answered, "I'm sorry princess, but we are not equipt with 
gravity harnesses. If
we excede this speed the air will be pushed to the back of the force feild 
and you will not be
able to breath. We will arrive on the moon in exactly four hours." Ayeaka's 
eyes widdened in
horror. Four hours. Who knows what Ryoko would do to Tenchi in that time? 
She moaned
into her hands, "Oh my Tenchi, what has she done to you?"

  Four hours later Ayeaka landed in Washu's habitat. Washu's instruments had 
informed her of
Ayeaka's arrival and was watching on the infrared. Ayeaka meanwhile stepped 
out of the force
field and looked around. There was a half eaten picnic lunch and a checkered 
blanket. She
looked around and saw footprints. She followed them to a crater. Suddenly a 
blue haired head
popped out. "Ayeaka! You did join us after all!" Sasami said. Behind her 
Ryo-oki popped up,
in her adult humanoid form, "Myah!" Ayeaka's eyes bulged out, "Sasami...what 
are you doing
here? Where are Ryoko and Tenchi?" Sasami looked up at her, "Didn't you get 
my note?
Ryoko and Tenchi left on the bus this morning. She said she's had Washu set 
up a special
place up here so me and Ryo-oki could play and Ryo-oki could work on her 
adult form in a
lighter gravity. Why? Is something wrong?"
  Back in Washu's lab the scientis sat stunned. Not only was Ayeaka's body 
heat rising, but
Tenchi semed to have shrunk... and grown pigtails. Her eyes widdedned in 
suspicion. Doing a
quick scan of the moon she suddeny realized what she missed. There was no 
sign of any space
ship! Ryoko couldn't teleport that far. She'd tricked them! She checked her 
scanners and saw
no indication of either Ryoko or Tenchi using their powers anywhere on the 
planet all day.
That wasn't unusual for Tenchi, but Ryoko hadn't flown or teleported. Washu 
sat back and
stared into space. Her daughter had outsmarted her...

  On the moon Ayeaka sat down and sighed, "Ryoko finaly beat me." The as she 
thought about
it she began to laugh and thought, You win Ryoko, you win. She felt Sasami 
tug on her leg.
"What's so funny Ayeaka?"

Two hours earlier

  Tenchi got off the bus and streatched, "That was a long trip Ryoko. Why 
didn't you just
teleport us?" Ryoko smiled at him, "No way Tenchi. No powers for me today. 
I'm just your
everyday gorgeous babe!" They laughed and headed towards the beach. They 
each carried
a towel, a swimsuit, and some sun screen. Ryoko had also brought a blanket 
and an umbrella.
Tenchi had a lunch basket and the cammera she had said to bring.
After they set up Ryoko suggested that they go change into their bathing 
suits. Tenchi was
amazed, "You aren't going to try to convince me to watch you change?" Ryoko 
laughed at him.
"You sound disapointed Tenchi." He blushed slightly, "No...just suprised." 
He gathered up his
suit and ran to the bathroom. Ryoko watched him go and almost phased into 
her swimsuit
before she remembered that she was not going to use her powers. Sighing she 
walked into
the women's bath and changed.
  When she got out Tenchi was already back on their blanket. He was wearing 
some black
trunks and was trying to applythe last bit of sunscreen to his back. When he 
saw her coming
he stopped and stared. She was wearing a one peice black suit that matched 
his. Ryoko
paused when she saw hm looking and said, "How do I look?" Tenchi gulped. 
"You look great
Ryoko!" She blushed slightly. "Hey Tenchi, need help getting the lotion on 
your back?" He
nodded numbly. She smiled and picked up the bottle. Dabbing a little into 
her hand she rubbed
it on his back. She lost her smile breifly as she noticed how he tensed up 
when she touched
him, obviously expecting her to try something. She finished applying his 
sunscreen and turned
away to put hers on. Tenchi was suprised that she hadn't done anything, but 
then slightly
ashamed for thinking she'd break her word.
  He turned back and saw her reaching to put the bit on her back. She had 
gotten a drop in her
hair. "Ryoko, you have some in your hair. Would you like me to get it?" 
Ryoko smiled and
nodded, "If you would." he reached out and slid the glob out of her hair. He 
couldn't help
noticing that despite it's spiky appearance her hair was quite soft. He 
flicked the glob into the
sand and Ryoko turned to face him. "Thanks Tenchi." Ryoko grinned at him 
then lay down on
the blanket. Tenchi said, "Hey, would you like me to take your picture?" 
Ryoko smiled up at
him, "If you want. Want me to take one of you afterwards?" Tenchi grinned 
and grabbed for
his cammera, "Sure." He took a picture of her, then lay down so she could 
get one of him.
After that she lay down next to him and looked up at the sky, "Aren't the 
clouds beutiful
Tenchi?" Tenchi was smiling at her and whispered slightly , "Yeah, 
beutiful." She looked at him
out of the corner of her eye, "What was that." Tenchi blushed and quickly 
looked away from
her and up to the sky, "Um... I said yeah they're beutiful." Ryoko smiled 
softly and turned back
to the clouds. Besides her Tenchi pointed up, "Hey that one looks kinda like 
Ryo-oki." Ryoko
looked and just saw a cloud, "What do you mean Tenchi?" He smiled and 
pointed, "See?
There are her ears, and her eyes, and her tail." Ryoko looked closely and 
could just see what
he was talking about. "Wow! Clouds make shapes? I used to do this with the 
stars when I
was in space. It was all I could do while Kagato sent me off to raid some 
planet. I never knew
you could do it with clouds." Tenchi turned to her, "Realy? Well what do you 
think that one
looks like?" He pointed to another one. Ryoko turned and looked at it for a 
second. "Hmm, it
looks kinda like a he..." She stopped. She wasn't sure if mentioning a heart 
wouldn't sound too
romantic and make Tenchi think she was trying to seduce him, "...eh uh, 
kidney. Yeah, a
kidney." Tenchi frowned a bit, "Realy? I thought it looked more like a 
heart." Tenchi shruged
and they say there in silence for a while. The noon day sun beat down on 
them.
  After a half hour Tenchi looked back at Ryoko, "Would you like to have 
some lunch? Sasami
made us a pizza." Ryoko turned and smiled, "Ok. After that can we go 
swimming?" Tenchi
smiled, "Alright, but we have to wait a half hour after eating before 
swimming." Ryoko nodded
and said, "Ok. It'll give me a chance to finish my tan. What do you think 
about it so far Tenchi?"
Tenchi looked her over and saw her front half had gotten slightly darker. 
Not as dark as
Mihoshi, but somehow in Ryoko that didn't seem to matter, "It looks great 
Ryoko." Ryoko
smiled, "Thanks. You'd better roll over too." Tenchi glanced down and saw 
his tan had
deepend too.
  An hour later Tenchi had blown up a beach ball and they got ready to go 
swimming. They
had both finished their tans and had decided it had been long enough for it 
to be ok to swim.
Tenchi had been thinking though. For some reason he kept picturing Ryoko in 
smaller and
skimpier swimsuits. HE didn't know why at first, but then realized that it 
was because he was
used to seeing her dressed like that. She wasn't doing what she normaly did 
and that was what
kept him thinking of her usual ways. Infact now that he thought about it he 
had seen her act like
this, when she thought she was alone. Maybe he should... "Hey Tenchi, stop 
staring into space
and come on. I want to swim." Shaking his head he smiled and followed Ryoko 
into the water.

  On the moon Sasami and Ayeaka were finishing their picnic. Sasami smiled 
at her sister and
said, "I'm suprised Ayeaka. Ryoko tricked you and Washu and you seem to be 
taking it realy
well." Ayeaka smiled at her sister, "I know Sasami. It's just... I've had 
some time to think. I
mean if she went through all this just to be alone with him, she must realy 
love him. I'm not all
that sure I do. What do you think?" Sasami wrinkled her brow, "I think it's 
Yosho's fault. He
was the one we came to find and just wouldn't admit that he didn't want to 
leave Earth, so he
pushed you off at Tenchi." Ayeaka nodded, "That's what I thought. When we 
get back I am
going to have a long talk with him." They all laughed evily. Ryo-oki looked 
at Sasami and said,
"Myah?" Sasami turned to Ayeaka, "Ryo-oki wants to know if she can help." 
Ayeaka smiled
and nodded, "If she wants. Lets make a plan." Sasami giggled, "Ok Ayeaka."

  In Washu's lab the little scientist was buisily trying to track down 
Tenchi and Ryoko. She just
couldn't stand that someone might know something she didn't. If it killed 
her she would find out
where they went.

  Back at the beach Tenchi lauged as Ryoko snagged onto a passing dolphin 
and got dragged
afew feet before letting go. The she squeeked at the dolphin. Tenchi looked 
at her puzzled.
"Are you ok Ryoko?" She looked at him, "Yeah I'm fine. I was just telling 
him thanks for the
ride." Tenchi's eye's widdened, "You can talk to dolphins?" She laughed and 
nodded, "Sure.
Can't you?" He shook his head then looked back at the dolphins, "Hey they 
took the ball!"
Ryoko turned and laughed, "That's ok Tenchi. I was going to suggest we go 
back in anyway."
Tenchi nodded his agreement and they swan back to shore. Once on the sand 
they walked
over t the showers to wash off the sand and salt. When they got back to the 
blanket they
picked up their towels and dried off. Tenchi set up the umbrella and lay 
back on the blanket.
After a minute he turned to Ryoko. "Ryoko?" She looked at him, "Yes Tenci?" 
He looked at
her seriously, "Yesterday, you said you knew me for a long time. What did 
you mean?"
  Ryoko looked down and tears dripped out of her eyes. Tenchi looked at her 
worried. She
was actually crying. Ryoko never cried, "Are you alright Ryoko? Did I do 
something wrong?"
She shook her head and sobbed. Tenchi was worried.Not knowing what else to 
do he leaned
over and hugged her. Ryoko's arms wrapped around him and held tightly. He 
noticed though
that she wasn't rubbing against him like she usualy did.
  He leaned over and run his fingers through her hair, "It's alright Ryoko. 
I'm sorry I upset you.
I'm sorry." Ryoko calmed down slightly, nod sobbing as much, "No Tenchi, 
it's not your fault.
It's just I..." Tenchi looked down, "You what Ryoko?" She looked up into his 
eyes. "Do... do
you remember when you were a little boy, when you used to play by the cave?" 
Tenchi
nodded. He remembered very well. he always felt safe at that cave, despite 
his grandfather's
stories of the demon inside. He'd go and pretend he was fighting demons and 
playing with
invisible people only he could see. He remembered one in particular... a 
girl who he'd fogoten
about a long time ago... Tenchi gasped and looked at her, "That was you? You 
were there?
But how?" Ryoko buried her face in his chest, "I learned how to project 
myself out of the cave.
I used to watch you and play with you. I don't know why but you used to be 
able to see me...
then you stopped. I was also there the day your mother...." She trailed off. 
Tenchi remembered
that day well. He had run from the house and straight to the cave. So Ryoko 
had been there,
trying to help him.. But he hadn't seen her... "It hurt so much not being 
able to help you. I was
so sorry." More tears followed the first. Suddenly she felt a cold spot on 
the back of her neck.
She looked up and saw Tenchi was crying too.
  Ryoko reached up and wiped the tears from his face, "Please don't cry 
Tenchi, please. It
hurts so much when you are sad." Tenchi heard her and held in his tears. 
"Why did you attack
me at school?" The question caught Ryoko totally off guard. She looked up at 
him. "Because
I was sad and confused. When you saw me... you ran away and hurt me. I knew 
it wasn't your
fault but, I'd never had these feelings before. So I... I decided to play 
with you. I'm sorry I
scared you." Tenchi looked down in shock, "That's why... oh Ryoko I'm so 
sorry. I was just
scared. If you had only told me..." She looked up at him. "I couldn't. If 
Ihad and you had
laughed at me, like Ayeaka did when I told her... It would have killed me. 
I... I love you
Tenchi. I know I've said it before; when I was trying to make Ayeaka mad, 
but I always meant
it." Tenchi looked odwn at her. Staring into her eyes, seeing himself 
reflected.
  Suddenly he was hit with a realization, "I love you too Ryoko." She looked 
at him in shock.
"Wha...what?" He smiled at her wiping the tears off her cheeks, " I said I 
love you Ryoko." He
leaned forward and kissed her. Ryoko sat there for a moment then leaned into 
the kiss and
kissed him back. Tenchi wrapped his arms around her and held her tight.

  In the lab Washu was hit with a wave of emmotions. She couldn't believe 
it. Something major
was happenening and her daughter had stopped her from finding out about it. 
Her fist pounded
into the computer infront of her.

  Back on the moon Ayeaka and Sasami looked at Ryo-oki in wonderment. The 
cabbit-girl
was holding her head and making small moaning sounds. "Ryo-oki, what's 
wrong?" Sasami
asked. The cabbit meowed and shook her head. Ayeaka looked at Sasami, "What 
did she
say?" Sasami smiled, "She says Washu is mad about not knowing what Tenchi 
and Ryoko are
doing and Ryoko is REALY happy about something." Ayeaka smiled and nodded, 
"I think I
know what that would be." She sighed whistfully, "I just wish it was me..."

  Tenchi held Ryoko close, his face buried in her hair. The kiss had lasted 
for several minutes
and afterwards they had both tried to appologize for everything they had 
done wrong. Ryoko
looked up at him, "What about Ayeaka? Do you love her?" Tenchi smiled down 
at Ryoko and
nodded, "Yes...but she and the other's are more like my sisters... though I 
guess I might have to
start thinking of Washu as a mother-in-law."  Ryoko looked up at his 
suprised. "You mean you
might want to marry me?" Tenchi grinned and held her tight, "Yeah... but not 
right away. You
can understand that can't you?" Ryoko nodded and held him close. Together 
they watched the
sun set and the stars come out.

  When Tenchi and Ryoko returned home everone else was already there. Tenchi 
realized he
hadn't given Ayeaka enough credit. When he arrived with his arm around Ryoko 
he'd
expected atleast a small explosion. Instead she stepped forward and hugged 
them, "I'm happy
for you." Then she had sat back down. Noboyuki ran to get his taperecorder. 
. Sasami and Ryo-oki
peeked out of the kitchen and smiled at them. Washu stepped forward, "Ryoko, 
I am proud of you.
You not only got Ayeaka out of the way for the day, but you used me to do 
it. However unless you
give me a hint about where you were today I will never give you a moments 
peace." Ryoko smiled and
handed her a roll of film, "Develope these for us and you'll have your 
clue." Washu grabbed the film and
ran for her lab just as Noboyuki returned with his cammera.



Author's note

Ok, I admit that usually Ayeaka would have totaly flipped, but I decided to 
give her the benifit
of the doubt. Don't get me wrong, I have written fics where she totaly 
flipped, but I didn't want
to ruin the mood. I also considered having Tenchi test Ryoko's love by 
giving back her gems
to see if she left, but realized that that would have been in total bad 
taste. I alsp considered
making a sequel or something to this but didn't I find it in total bad taste 
to have a 'to be
continued' at the end of a story unless I'm sure that I will finish it. I 
have read too man fan fics
I liked that ended that way. It sucks. Please I am begging the other 
writters out there, if you
don't think you'll finish them tell others that they can ok?
