Disclaimer:

All characters featured in this fan fic are owned by AIC and Pinoneer .
The original characters and situations are copyright AIC & Pioneer. Why
not vist their offical site to find out more about Tenchi Muyo!.I have
no ownership rights. Excepting any characters I made up (e.g. Shinji
Masaki).

This Fan Fictoin is MY property however, and if you copy it without
permission I will hut you down and kill you (Sorry but it's mine first
Fan Fiction and I'm proud of it) If you would like to get permission to
put this on you site mail me at (Shinji_masiki@hotmail.com) and I'll see
what I can do.

Some words from Me:

This story has a link of the two movies and the OVA sereis. This story
involves characters from two story lines. Two are both from the movies.
TENCHI MUYO IN LOVE and TENCHI MUYO: THE DAUTHER OF DARKNESS.

This story takes place a year after the events Manatsu No Eve. Here's a
quick summary of the two movies in case you hve not seen them:

TENCHI THE MOVIE

TENCHI MUYO IN LOVE

(This film had alot in common with the TV series)

Tenchi and co. are sent back into time to save his mother Achika from
being destroyed by Kain (a powerful A-1 class criminal by the GP
HEADQUATERS records) but Tenchi himself and the Masaki family from a new
time line caused by Kain! Tenchi battles Kain and defeats him with the
aid of his Mother and his Friends and thus time is returned to normal.

TENCHI THE MOVIE 2

DAUGHTER OF DARKNESS

(this film was based on the OVA series) 

One hot summers day a girl called Mayuka finds Tenchi and claims that
she is his daughter! Tenchi is in shock just as much as the rest of the
group but they manage to cope with it until they find out what she is.
The problem is that Mayuka was sent from a place called the "Dark
Demension" by a evil dark wolder called Yesuzha, and Mayuka is ordered
to destroy Tenchi! After the final conflict, Mayuka vanishes into a
mysterious diamond that Yesuzha and Yesuzha is destroyed by the light
hawk wings. Mayuka is then recreated by Washu and now lives with the
Masaki Family. As a baby.

-------------------------------------------- 

INTO THE DARKNESS

By: Nik"Shinji Masaki"Britton

Prologue:

1970

With Kian's dying breath he implanted a small portion of himself in
Achika just before the demesinal cannon hit. There he waited until the
net possessor of the Jurian power would been Tenchi. 

------------------------------------------------------------------ 

1979

When he found Tenchi 9 years later for his defeat, in Achika womb he
found another surprise there........

When the birth was other the Masaki family had not one but 2 twin sons.

"What shall we call them?"Achkia said

"I don't know any ideas dad?" Nobouki anwsered turning to Yosho

"How about calling one of them Tenchi" He suggested

"That's a good name" Nobouki replied as he sniled

"I would like to call the other baby Shinji"Achika said

-----------------------------------------------

1982

Tenchi and Shinji were now 3 years old. They are playing near the steps
of the Masaki Shrine. As they were playing Shinji fell over and went
crashing down the long length of stairs........ 

Later a doctor came to the house to check on the injured boy. The Doctor
looked at the wooried parnets and said"I'm sorry, but there is nothing
more that can be done. He has a very bad head injury, just try to make
him comfortable, that's all you can do"



When the doctor left Yosho knew what had to be done. He then left the
house were Achika was crying her eyes out and went to the Masaki cave.
He return minutes later holding the Tenchi-Ken (the master key) and with
a great flash of light restored the erased memories of Achika and
Nobouki. They were then able to remember everything out the Kain
innocent. He then explained " The only way to save young Shinji's life
is to take him to Juria and to feed him the Jurian life water!" "Father
what are you talking about?" Achika said as she just got a hold of her
self.

"You know about the Jurian power inside of you, that is because you are
the daughter of the crown prince of Juria"

"If anything will save my baby" Achika shouted "Then I will do it"

"Achika?! What about Tenchi and your life here?"

"Nobouki I have to try to save our son. Please under stand this!"

"But what will I tell Tenchi, when your gone?" Nobouki said in a heavy
voice

"Tell him I have gone on a long journey and I my by a while" Achika said
with a heavy heart. As she followed Yosho to the Funanaho tree with the
ill Shinji in her arms, Yosho tried to fill her in on Jurian custom as
she may be there for a while. But all she could think about is that her
life here on Earth may be over! As they approach the tree Yosho began to
chat in an old Jurian language and the tree suddenly lit up with life.As
this was happening a swirl vortex open at the truck of the tree. "You
may now pass through it, good luck Achika my daughter I will prey for
your safe return" And with those few words echoing in her head she ran
on to the vortex to save her son!

-------------------------------------------------

Present day (1998):

The vast emptyness of space was broken with the thundering sound of 3
Juiran ships. The 2 at the back were giving chase to the damaged one in
the lead.

GP Station near the Solar system/Jurian border.

"What the hell are those ship doing at that speed!!!!"

"Commander one of the ships is asking for help" an assisent said

"Who is the closest to those ship?"

"Mihoshi and Kionye Sir!"

"Send them in to sort this out" 

"YES!!! SIR!!"

With that the message was sent.

"COMMANDER!!!!!!!!!!!!! THERE'S A HIGH ENERGY READING COMING RIGHT AT
US!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

"WHA-AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGHHHHH!!

And with that a Giant explosion ripped through space. All that was left
was an Evil Laughter 



"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

-------------------------------------------------

"Lady Toekimi!"

"Yes I sense it too HE has final awakened"

"But what about the new source of light? What ever it is, it could match
the power of the light hawk wing" D3 said with the the sound of fear in
his voice. 

"Yes and this person is heading towards earth, we shall watch these
events and see how they unfold. It may give me the opportunity to get
Washu."

"Yes my Lady."

----------------------------------------------

>From an unknown place and evil mind is watching

"Watch these events all you what Toekimi, but you will not stop me from
having my revenge on Tenchi and the House of Juria. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! But
what what if that energy source is the brother???" 

------------------------------------------------------------

Space above Neptune

As the two Jurian ships are speeding towards the lead ship which engines
have been crippled.

"Mother the ship can only withstand a few more hits. We should abounded
it!"

"Trust me Mihoshi and Keyonie will come!"

Just then the engines of a GP craft could be heard

"My lord the Galaxy Police have arrived, should we continue with the
mission?"the pilot of the second Jurian ship said. A hologram of the
King of Juria appeared "We can not afford a dispute between the Galaxy
Police withdraw for now"



With that command the 2 ships broke the attack and headed for Juria. 

"This is First class detective Keyonie of the Galaxy Police are you the
ship that called for help?"

Her communicator screen the light up showing a image of a person she
knew all too well.

"Tenchi???!!?!?!?!"

"------ the end of Prologue---------

to be continued...... 

Sorry this is just a prologue but I had to get it up on the Internet. I
promise the chapter one will be a lot longer.

Send me your ideas/suggestion to:-

(shinji_masiki@hotmail.com)

Thanks go to:- 

Tom"Rei Masaki" Prece Hezberg

Aldrich"Gensao"Bautista for putting this on the archive

And finally to AIC and Pioneer for bring such a good anime siries out
