INVASION Volume 1, Part 2: The Pink-Headed Ponce

DISCLAIMER: Tenchi Muyo! is copyright AIC/Pioneer, LDC. I claim no 
rights to the characters or story. I'm only doing this because I love 
the whole series and enjoy writing stories about the characters. I only 
ask that no changes be made to this story, as it took me a great deal of 
time to write it.

FOREWARD
	Welcome back! I have discovered I made a minor error on the ages 
of the characters. At the time of Ryoko's attack on Jurai, Yosho was 22, 
Aeka 14, and Sasami 3. Nothing major. It just means they stuck around on 
Jurai longer than I thought, waiting for Yosho to return.
	I briefly considered adding a small segment describing the sights 
and sounds of Jurai when the characters landed. However, since I really 
don't know enough about Jurai to do something like that, and because it 
would have been really boring filler just to make this part longer, I 
decided not to.
	So, what you read here picks up after they have landed on Jurai. I 
probably didn't need to say anything, but I wanted to make sure there 
was no confusion.
	The character of Seto was created by Masaki Kajishima and is not 
someone I made up. She really is Misaki's mother and is discussed at 
great length in the True Tenchi Muyo novels, as is Azusa. I couldn't 
find a reference for Seto's hair-color, so I had to make an educated 
guess. Gee, let me think... light blue, perhaps?
	If you're not British, you probably don't know what a "ponce" is. 
First I have to thank the British fans that post at the AIC BBS for 
educating me on the use of that word. Basically, a "ponce" is an upper-
class idiot who is totally oblivious to the plight of the common person. 
I suppose the words "fop" or "dandy" would work, as well. But they don't 
sound as good as "ponce".
	You may notice Tenchi doesn't get to see Ryoko's dress in this 
part. Don't worry! He'll get to see her in it someday.

BEGIN PART 2
	
	Ryo-o-ki found Ryoko lounging in the guestroom she had been 
assigned within the palace. Or rather, just outside of her room, stomach 
down on the balcony railing, soaking up some of the bright sunlight. She 
wore her yellow and blue striped dress. The long, brown tail, which 
always accompanied that dress, hung down almost to the floor, the tip 
twitching slowly back and forth.
	Carefully, Ryo-o-ki crept closer, stalking her prey. When she got 
close enough, she settled herself against the floor, then pounced. Her 
small teeth sunk into the end of Ryoko's tail.
	"AAAAAAAH!!!" Ryoko leapt off the railing onto the balcony floor 
and whipped her tail back and forth, trying to shake off the new 
attachment.
"Damn it, Ryo-o-ki! What the hell are you doing?" She reached behind 
herself to grab the fuzzy creature. Between her own tail lashing around 
and Ryo-o-ki actively trying to avoid her grasp, she was having major 
difficulty freeing herself. Ryoko started spinning around as she tried 
to get a grip on Ryo-o-ki. She looked just like a cat chasing her tail, 
which was exactly what Sasami was aiming for. The little girl laughed 
uproariously from her hiding place behind the couch.
	Ryoko was starting to get dizzy from all the spinning. She tried 
to stop, but it was too late for that. She fell over. Ryo-o-ki finally 
let go of Ryoko's tail. Her balance was also off, making her lean to one 
side as she wobbled happily back towards Sasami.
	"What the hell?" Ryoko tried to focus on the impish child. The 
spinning in her head rapidly slowed when she realized she was being 
laughed at by a little girl with a fuzzy creature on her head.
	"Oh, you think that's funny?"
	"You promised to go shopping with me, today." Sasami reminded 
Ryoko of the promise she had made earlier at breakfast.
	Ryoko sat indian-style and looked away.
	"I don't feel like it."
	"But I don't want to go alone." Sasami implored. 
	"You won't be alone." Ryoko tried to wriggle out of going. "Ryo-o-
ki will be with you, along with Aeka's guardians."
	"Yeah, but I want to pick out something nice like you wear."
	"Like I wear?" Ryoko redirected her narrow gaze at Sasami to 
inspect her. Especially her chest size.
	"Hmm... I don't know. I don't think you're big enough to wear the 
kind of clothes I like."
	Sasami pouted.
	"I want to look pretty, too." Her impish smile returned. "Besides, 
it'll make Aeka really mad."
	Ryoko brightened.
	"Ohh, so it will! Let's go."

	Sasami's eyes went wide when Ryoko emerged from the changing 
cubicle.
	"Ryoko, I don't think I can wear that."
	"I know. But I need one for the reception." Ryoko explained why 
she was trying on dresses first. After trying on a variety of dresses, 
this one included, Ryoko was growing dissatisfied with the selection.
	"Nope. This won't do it. Hey, lady!" She called to the woman 
assisting them. "I want something that'll set a man's soul on fire."
	The blonde-haired, pie-eyed, slim young woman examined Ryoko's 
figure for a moment.
	"I think I have something that you'll like in the back. If you 
don't mind waiting for a moment, I'll go get it."
	"Yeah, sure." Ryoko excused the girl.
	"Come on, Ryoko. Let me try one." Sasami begged.
	"Just a minute. If I don't like the next one then you can go."
	Sasami smiled in satisfaction.
	The attendant returned a minute later holding a hanger from which 
hung a black dress made of what looked like only vertical pieces of 
cloth. Ryoko made a cursory examination of the dress. Once she 
determined it's basic appearance, her eyes started to gleam in 
anticipation.
	"I'll try it." She snatched the hanger and dress away, then 
withdrew back into the curtained changing vestibule.
	Sasami could hear the sounds of clothes being removed and replaced 
from within, followed a moment later by Ryoko's visceral laughter.
	"Heh, heh, heh, heh. Oh, yeah. There is no way Tenchi will be able 
to resist this."
	All was silent while she admired herself in the full-length 
mirror. Still waiting outside, Sasami was getting impatient.
	"Come on, Ryoko! Let's see!"
	Ryoko shoved the curtain aside, revealing herself. Sasami gasped, 
putting both hands over her mouth. She could see why Ryoko liked the 
dress. It was slit up both legs, all the way to her hips, revealing a 
generous portion of her well-toned thighs. Somewhere she had found a 
matching black ribbon to tie her hair up with. With her hair out of the 
way, one could see the dress held itself up by wrapping around the back 
of her neck. The weight of the dress around her neck kept it hanging 
vertically over Ryoko's prodigious breasts, leaving very little of her 
cleavage to imagination. The two sides came together well below her 
navel, while the edges of the outside expanded to cover her hips.
	Ryoko turned around once so her observers could give a full 
evaluation of her new look. The dress covered absolutely nothing of her 
back until it reached her waist, at which point it wrapped loosely 
around her hips and rear-end.
	"Ryoko," Sasami finally managed, "I don't think you should wear 
that."
	Both Ryoko and the saleswoman spoke at the same time.
	"It's perfect!"
	The woman continued by herself.
	"But there's more!" She reached out to show Ryoko the small button 
located just below her breasts. She snapped it closed, pulling the 
material closer together over her customer's chest. She then went around 
to the back and, using the two strings that were concealed just 
underneath the cloth, pulled it taught around Ryoko's chest. She quickly 
tied them together in a bow.
	"There." The woman announced. "How's that?"
	Ryoko stepped in front of the mirror again to examine the changes. 
The effect was subtle, yet significant.
	The dress now looked a bit more like the outfits she normally 
wore, only sexier. The strings had pulled the material further apart, 
covering Ryoko's sides, but showing more cleavage. The button kept the 
two sides from coming too far apart, while accentuating her curves. She 
noticed the increased tension across her chest made her breasts appear 
to stick out further.
	"Lady, you've got good taste."
	"You'll take it then?"
	Ryoko spoke to Sasami while continuing to admire herself.
	"You'll buy it for me, won't you, Sasami?"
	"I don't know..." Her diminutive friend teased.
	Ryoko turned and gave Sasami her best puppy-eyed impression.
	"Please?"
	Sasami giggled.
	"Okay."
	The sales woman was starting to look a little concerned. She 
looked at Sasami.
	"I'm afraid it is rather expensive. Can you afford to buy this 
dress for your sister, dear?"
	Sasami giggled again.
	"Ryoko's not my sister! We're just friends. And yes. I can 
definitely afford it."
	Sasami pulled a small card out one of her dress pockets and handed 
it to the saleswoman, who went bug-eyed when she saw it.
	"Your Highness!" The woman promptly fell to her hands and knees, 
abasing herself before the Royal Family.
	"My most humble and profound apologies for not recognizing you 
sooner! Please forgive me!"
	Ryoko rolled her eyes. Sasami tried to make the woman feel better.
	"That's okay." She smiled, patting the woman on her shoulder. 
"Could you wrap it up for us?"
	The woman leapt to her feet, ready to serve.
	"Immediately, Highness!" She turned to Ryoko.
	"If My Lady could...?" She was staring at Ryoko again; who started 
looking back and forth between her and Sasami in confusion.
	Sasami started giggling yet again.
	"You'd better take that dress off or you'll get wrapped-up along 
with it!"
	"Oh, yeah. Right." Ryoko immediately pulled the top of the dress 
over her head and, lowering it to knee level, stepped out of it. She 
tossed the dress to the blushing saleswoman who hurried away to wrap it. 
Sasami stared at Ryoko, who now stood in the middle of a high-class 
fashion store in nothing but a blank expression and her panties.
	"Something wrong?" Ryoko asked her.
	Sasami pushed Ryoko back into the changing vestibule and pulled 
the curtain closed.
	"Put your clothes on, silly!" She quickly looked around to see if 
anyone had noticed. Several people were very carefully not looking in 
her direction.

	Tenchi wandered around the Jurai Royal Palace, taking in the 
sights. The place was huge! He had never seen a building inside a tree 
before. In Tokyo there were very tall buildings. But this building was 
not so much tall as it was labyrinthine. It just went on and on. Almost 
everything was made of wood. Even large support columns that must hold 
up tons of weight. Tenchi thought it made sense. He knew through his 
Shinto background that a society that venerated something often took 
great pains to model their homes and buildings around their beliefs. If 
the Jurai people believed in the Royal Trees, then it made sense to 
build the palace inside the biggest tree on the planet.
	The palace bustled with activity. There was no chance of getting 
lost. Everywhere Tenchi went there was always somebody nearby from whom 
he could ask directions. Though he was enjoying his self-guided tour, 
Tenchi had many things on his mind.
	When he had met Aeka's father on Earth, Tenchi had thought well of 
him. He was a king, and acted as Tenchi thought a king should. Although 
the duel he had insisted on did seem a little harsh, Azusa had relented 
after the wave caused by Mihoshi's crash-landing washed his opponent 
into the lake. It did not make much sense that Aeka's father would force 
her to marry someone she did not even like.
	Tenchi knew about duty and responsibilities. It was a fact of 
Japanese society that some children's parents arranged marriages for 
them years in advance. But this just seemed so out of the blue. 
Something seemed suspicious. Maybe if he talked to Aeka's father, he 
could convince him not to do this. Or at least, he might gain a better 
understanding of what was really happening.
	As Tenchi wandered the halls of the Royal Palace, he asked various 
people where the king was. The answers he received were as varied as the 
people he asked. Their reactions were also equally varied. Eventually, 
Tenchi noticed a very stately woman of indeterminate age with thick, 
wavy, light-blue hair, speaking with a small group of people. Unnoticed 
Tenchi joined them and waited for an opportunity to speak.
	"So you see, My Lady, this matter requires your personal 
attention." One of the male persons finished his pitch. The lady 
apparently disagreed.
	"You know this is a matter for my son to handle. You can't 
possibly think I have the same authority he has."
	"Well, no, My Lady. But..."
	"But, you wish to circumnavigate the normal process in hopes of a 
settlement more beneficial to your cause. Shame on you, Councilman."
	The person, a councilman apparently, scraped and bowed in apology.
	"Ah, I apologize if I've offended you, My Lady! I meant no 
offense."
	The stern-looking lady stared at the councilman with both 
displeasure and, if Tenchi were interpreting her expression correctly, 
mirth.
	"Apology accepted. You may go."
	The councilman and his attendants rapidly departed, bowing all the 
way. The woman turned to address Tenchi.
	"Now, then. Can I help you?"
	Feeling rather intimidated by the woman's strong presence, Tenchi 
swallowed away the dryness in his throat before stating his business.
	"I don't mean to interrupt, but, could you tell me where to find 
the King of Jurai?"
	"Oh, no trouble at all! Finally, a problem I can solve without 
having to change the orbits of planets. How refreshing! But perhaps I 
should know your name before I introduce you to the King." The woman's 
gaze became sterner.
	"I'm sorry!" Tenchi felt compelled to bow and scrape as the 
councilman had a moment ago. "I am Tenchi Masaki."
	"Pleased to meet you, Tenchi Masaki. I am Seto Kamiki. I've heard 
a lot about you."
	Tenchi became embarrassed to find his name was known on Jurai. His 
cheeks blushed slightly red.
	"Ah, heh. I didn't realize I was famous." Tenchi scratched the 
back of his head.
	"Oh, a sense of humor, too!" Seto suddenly grabbed Tenchi about 
the shoulders and hugged him fiercely while throwing his weight around 
like a rag doll.
	"She reminds me of somebody..."
	Tenchi couldn't put his finger on it, but there was something very 
familiar about Seto.
	Releasing him, Seto put one arm over his shoulder and began 
leading Tenchi away.
	"This is so wonderful! It's about time the two of you had a nice 
little chat. Don't worry if my boy seems a little gruff. He's been under 
a lot of stress, lately." She shared the family particulars with him as 
if they were old friends.
	"Uhh..." Tenchi was also getting the feeling that this woman was 
very, VERY, important. He wondered who was so important that they could
call the King of Jurai "my boy" and get away with it.
	They chatted amicably as Seto led Tenchi through the depths of the 
royal palace. Every time someone approached, Seto gave him or her an 
ice-cold look that sent even the most pompous or serious-looking 
bureaucrat scrambling for cover while muttering the phrase "devil-
princess". Though Seto seemed to be ignoring them, Tenchi was sure she
must have heard.
 	"Ah! Here we are." Seto gestured at an open door that led to a 
very small and empty room. Tenchi looked around as they entered and 
realized it was an elevator. Sure enough, just to the right of the door, 
there was a panel with more buttons than any he had ever seen before.
	"Hit the top button, would you?" Seto asked.
	Tenchi reached forward and press his thumb against the button 
highest on the panel. It blinked a couple times then remained lit. The 
gravity suddenly doubled as the elevator took off at an amazing rate of 
acceleration.
	"So, it's true." Seto enigmatically stated. Unlike Tenchi's 
grandfather, she actually explained what she meant. "Only family members 
of the ruling royal house can make this elevator go to the top of 
Heaven's Tree." She paused for a minute, letting the importance of her 
observation sink in.
	"If you don't mind my asking, what are you going to say to the 
king?"
	Tenchi realized he had no idea what he was going to say. Other 
than expressing his disagreement with the planned proceedings, there was 
nothing for him to say to Aeka's father.
	"I'm... not sure. But something's not right. I met the King when 
he came to Okayama. He seemed like a decent person. I can't understand 
why he would do something like this. I need to know more. And maybe I 
can convince him that this is wrong."
	Seto watched as Tenchi's resolve stiffened. She could not help 
thinking how he reminded her of Azusa at that age. He was even 
surrounded by beautiful women.
	"Hey, Tenchi, I understand you're living with several very 
attractive young women. Got a girlfriend?"
	Tenchi looked at Seto in shock.
	"No! I mean... um, well, it's... not like that. We're just 
friends. Yeah."
	"That's not what I hear." She intoned into Tenchi's ear, making 
his face turn red. "My sources tell me both Aeka and Ryoko have really 
got something going on for you."
	"I can't help that!" Tenchi blurted out. "I don't even do anything 
to encourage them. In fact, I try to discourage them! But they don't 
listen."
	"Ah, well. Girls are like that at that age. You'll get used to 
it."
	Considering both Aeka and Ryoko's ages, that did not make Tenchi 
feel any better.
	The elevator slowed to a stop, having finally reached the top of 
the immense tree. The doors slid open, revealing a very well appointed 
sitting room. It was generally shaped like a cross-section of a bullet; 
flat at one end and round at the opposite end. Ahead was a large bay 
window which, when opened as it was now, allowed a great deal of air and 
light to flow in. There were doors on either side of the room. The one 
on the right was closed, while the one on the left was ajar, allowing 
the sounds of women’s' voices to escape. Just ahead, both Tenchi's 
grandfather and the King of Jurai sat. They turned to see who had come 
up by the elevator.
	"Tenchi!" Katsuhito scolded, "why are you..." He then noticed who 
was escorting his grandson. "Ah, Lady Seto." He spoke as he and his 
father both stood.
	To Tenchi, the King of Jurai, Azusa, did not look a day older than 
when he had visited Okayama months ago.
	"What is this boy doing here?"
	Seto led a very nervous Tenchi into the sitting room.
	"This boy has a name. It's Tenchi, and he is your great-grandson. 
Or have you forgotten that already, little Azusa?"
	Azusa did a double take at Seto's insistence he treat Tenchi as 
family.
	"But..."
	"'But's are like excuses, we all have one. As I understand it, 
little Tenchi has something he wishes to say to you." Seto turned to 
Tenchi and gave him a push towards Azusa.
	"Go on."
	Just as Tenchi was gathering his courage to speak, a very excited 
Misaki entered the room through the door on the left.
	"Mommy!" She cried, clasping her hands together at chest level 
when she saw Seto.
	Tenchi's jaw dropped when he heard Misaki call Seto "Mommy". Now 
he knew who it was the smiling Seto reminded him of.
	Misaki and Seto met halfway and embraced in a huge bear hug. 
Tenchi tried not to stare, while Azusa rested his face in his upraised 
hand. Tenchi's grandfather was careful to hide his amusement at Tenchi's 
confusion.
	Then Misaki noticed Tenchi.
	"Tenchi!" She broke away from her mother and rushed to give Tenchi 
one of her patented bear hugs, as well.
	"Oh, it's so nice of you to come up and see us! We were all so 
worried you wouldn't come see your poor family the entire time you were 
here!" Misaki hugged Tenchi until he thought he would die of 
suffocation.
	Seto approached Tenchi's grandfather. "Ah, darling, little Yosho. 
Since Tenchi is your grandson, there must have been a grandmother." 
Yosho's face turned red.
	"Ah, well, that's a long story."
	"Then it's a good thing we live so long, hmm?"
	Misaki released Tenchi so she could pay more attention to his 
grandfather. She went around to Yosho's other side, effectively boxing 
him in.
	"Oh, yes, Yosho. Won't you tell us all about it? You sly dog."
	Tenchi watched as the two ladies teased his grandfather.
	"Great. My whole family's screwy."
	"Brother Tenchi!" Sasami came rushing out of the same room Misaki 
had emerged from a few moments ago. She ran up to him and gave him a big 
hug.
	"Sasami, are they always like this?" Tenchi quietly asked when 
Sasami released her hold on him.
	"Hee hee. Nope. Just when we're alone together. Everyone's always 
running around doing official stuff. So we don't get to spend much time 
as a family." Sasami smiled up at him.
	"Hey, Tenchi, would you like to see Aeka in her wedding dress? Hee 
hee. She's really pretty."
	Tenchi looked around to see if anybody was watching. Seto, Misaki 
and Yosho were still gossiping, and Azusa was wallowing in his hand.
	"All right. Maybe Aeka can tell me what's going on."
	As he and Sasami approached the open door, Azusa suddenly appeared 
directly in front of them, barring their way.
	"I absolutely forbid it." He reached behind himself and slid the 
door shut. "Aeka will see no one until after the wedding." The king 
stood resolute before Tenchi.
	"But, Daddy..."
	"Hush, Sasami. Tenchi, state your business."
	Tenchi screwed-up his confidence and began his speech.
	"Great-Grandfather, I understand that Princess Aeka has a duty to 
the people of Jurai. But she doesn't love the person she is supposed to 
marry. I think it's wrong to make her do this."
	"It is our way. To ensure the future of Jurai, Aeka must marry and 
produce an heir."
	"But, isn't my Grandfather next in line?"
	"When the Holy Council learned Yosho refused to return to Jurai 
and that his tree had taken root, he was declared Outcast. Neither he 
nor any of his descendants may ever return to Jurai without the approval 
of at least two of the remaining three houses. It caused great 
difficulty for us just to get permission for all of you to attend the 
wedding."
	Tenchi thought for a moment before trying once more.
	"Aeka spoke of her father as a kind and wise ruler who always 
listened to the needs of his people. I don't know what's so important 
that you have to force this on Aeka, but there has to be another way. 
Please, Aeka's my friend. Let her choose for herself."
	Azusa gazed down at Tenchi as he absorbed his words. For a moment, 
he found his own resolve wavering. However, knowledge of what would 
happen if the wedding did not take place strengthened him.
	"Your plea has been heard. However, the wedding will go on."
	"Can I see her?"
	"No."
	"Is she all right, at least?" Tenchi was beginning to grow 
frustrated. He was worried for Aeka and her father would not even 
confirm her health. Azusa's temper flared.
	"You think I would harm my own daughter?" His eyes flashed with 
anger. "This audience is over. Leave at once!"
	"Not until I've seen Aeka." Tenchi stubbornly refused.
	"You dare!" Azusa raised his hand to cuff the insolent boy.
	"Hey!" Ryoko called from her place on the windowsill where she had 
been watching. "Little, Azusa! Why don't you pick on somebody who's 
willing to fight you?"
	The King of Jurai spun around when he heard the terrible voice 
from his past. His hand went to his sword.
	"Demon! Be gone!"
	Ryoko stepped down onto the floor and casually walked to Tenchi's 
side.
	"I'll go if Tenchi goes with me."
	Azusa addressed Tenchi again.
	"Boy, take this devil-woman and leave!"
	Tenchi knew refusing would cause an incident. He looked around to 
see if there was anyone sympathetic to him, but the others were just 
sitting by, watching emotionlessly. He looked back at Azusa’s angry 
continence and decided to hold his ground.
	"No. I want to see Aeka."
	"So be it." Azusa drew his sword, revealing it to be only a 
handle. A blazing, blue blade appeared, just like the one Tenchi carried 
in his belt.
	Ryoko summoned her own orange energy blade, holding it at the 
ready.
	"Ready for a rematch, little Azusa?"
	"I will defeat you, demon-beast!"
	The door behind Azusa slammed open, causing everyone to stop and 
look.
	"Stop it, Father!" Aeka cried. "Lord Tenchi is our guest! I want 
him treated with respect and kindness. Ryoko! Put your sword away."
	"Him first." Ryoko indicated Azusa by pointing with her chin.
	"PUT IT AWAY!" Aeka screeched at Ryoko, making her hair flutter in 
the air.
	"All right, all right! What the hell's your problem?" Ryoko’s 
sword disappeared. "It's not like he could hurt me, anyway."
	"Father, please put your sword away."
	Azusa growled, but complied with his daughter's wish.
	Coming around from behind her father, Aeka revealed herself 
completely. She was in her wedding dress, as Sasami had told Tenchi. He 
could not help noticing she did indeed look very pretty. Her eyes 
glistened with unshed tears.
	"Lord Tenchi, as you can see I'm fine." She kindly informed him. 
"You should not worry about me any further."
	"But Aeka..."
	"Lord Tenchi, there's... something I wish to tell you."
	"Aeka," Azusa interrupted, "this is not appropriate."
	"Oh, put a cork in it, Azusa!" Seto yelled at him from her place 
on the couch, next to Yosho. "Let the poor girl speak."
	"I may never have another chance to tell you how I feel, so... 
um..." Aeka tried to continue as her face blushed. "I... had hoped... 
that someday I would wear this... um, dress..." Aeka took a deep breath 
and was about to complete her confession when the elevator opened again.
	"Oh, for Heaven's sake!" Aeka complained. "Now what?"
	Everyone fell to the floor when Mihoshi walked out into the room.
	"Oh, hi, everybody!" She took a quick look around and saw Tenchi 
getting back to his feet.
	"Tenchi! I've been looking for you! Would you listen to this!"
	Seto leaned close to Yosho.
	"How did she do that?"
	"It's a mystery, even to Washu." He answered.
	Mihoshi went on, unaware of the questions surrounding her 
existence.
	"I was down in the library. Oh, it's such a big library, too. 
Anyway, I was looking for that law about getting married on Jurai. I 
thought it was pret-ty weird that such a lawful society would let people 
marry-off their daughters without so much as a word. Anyway, the law 
really does exist!"
	"No kidding." Aeka complained of her plight.
	"No, really. But it turns out there's a way out!"
	"What?!" Tenchi, Aeka, and Ryoko all exclaimed at the same time.
	"Uh-huh. It's, uh... Oh! Here, I wrote it down." Mihoshi reached 
into a pocket and pulled out a small spiral notepad. She flipped a 
couple of pages and began to recite.
	"In the event --" The notepad suddenly burst into flames. Mihoshi 
dropped it with a screech.
	"Eek!"
	Tenchi whirled around to face Ryoko.
	"Ryoko! How could you!"
	"I didn't do it!" Ryoko adamantly proclaimed her innocence.
	"Well, who else could have done it?"
	Ryoko pointed to her right.
	"How about everybody in the room?"
	Tenchi looked around and realized she was right. Nearly everyone
present had a reason to deny him the means to save Aeka from her fate.
Tenchi looked down and watched Aeka's salvation go up in smoke.
	"Wait a minute!" Tenchi looked to Mihoshi. "Mihoshi, you said you 
found that in the library, right?"
	"Well, yeah."
	"Can you show me?"
	"Um, sure! If I can find it again. This place is pretty big."
	"All right! Let's go." He turned back to Aeka.
	"Aeka, don't worry! We'll find it, and get you out of this." 
Tenchi grabbed Mihoshi by the hand and pulled her back into the 
elevator.
	"Hey, Tenchi!" Ryoko called to them. "Where are you going with 
her?" She phased through the closing doors just in time to join them in 
their descent.
	"But, I..." Aeka stuttered as Tenchi left on his mission. "I 
didn't get to tell you."
	Azusa finally put away his sword.
	"Misaki, continue to assist Aeka in preparing for the wedding. 
Seto, have the library closed."
	"Father!" Aeka loudly objected.
	"Silence! I'll have no more insolence from anyone! I am the King 
of Jurai and my orders are absolute! You will marry Seiryuu and that is 
final!"
	Aeka ran back into the room that she had come out of, her white 
dress flailing about her. Misaki got up and followed without so much as 
glancing at her husband. Sasami went next. She stopped at her father's 
side.
	"You're mean!" She ran to join her sister and mother.
	"Azusa," Seto called to her son-in-law, "what excuse should I give 
for closing the library?"
	"There's an improvement plan in the works. It is hereby approved."
	"The money for that plan hasn't been allocated yet." she pointed 
out, allowing the King to make the decisions.
	"Erg! Then pay for it out of the family coffers. It will be a gift 
from the Masaki family to the people of Jurai for their great patience 
with my stubborn children."
	"Very well, Azusa. But I hope your children don't grow to hate you 
for your dedication to eliminating their stubbornness."
	Seto disappeared into thin air.
	Azusa turned to the remaining family member in the room.
	"Yosho. You understand what I'm trying to do, don't you?"
	The crown prince slowly stood.
	"I feel the need for some clean air." He walked to the other door 
and went through it. The door shut behind him, leaving the King alone. 
Azusa stared blankly at the closed door.
	"But, I just want to protect my family."

	Ryoko patiently sat in the Great Hall of the Jurai Royal Palace, 
waiting for the wedding ceremony to begin. She had never been to a 
wedding before, and was curious. There was more royalty running around 
than the last time she had been in the palace. At the time they had been 
running for their lives, terrified. Ryoko almost laughed at the 
remembered image of all those royal-types running around like chickens 
with their heads cut off. Those days were long past. She stuck her hands 
behind her head and leaned back as far as she could. When her right 
elbow almost smacked Tenchi in the head he reminded her of his presence.
	"Hey! Try to be more careful!"
	"Oh, I'm sorry, Tenchi." She put her arm around Tenchi's 
shoulders. "Did the big bad demon almost get you?" Ryoko slapped her 
other hand against Tenchi's chest. "Relax! Nothing's gonna happen."
	Ryoko did not bother to remove her arm from its place on Tenchi's 
shoulders. There was no one around that would dare try to tell her to 
move it, except for Aeka. But now that she was getting married, she 
would no longer be able to get between her and Tenchi. 
	Tenchi sat quietly in the next seat further from the aisle. He had 
been very crabby since the King of Jurai had insisted on enforcing the 
little known and seldom invoked law from antiquity which allowed him to 
choose his daughter's husband if she had not chosen of her own accord by 
her 21st birthday. Aeka was a princess and had her duty to the people of 
Jurai. At least, that's the way her father saw it.
	Tenchi had not been as understanding. After his confrontation with 
the King, he had arrived at the library, after much searching, only to 
find it closed for renovations. Ryoko had marveled when her Tenchi had 
actually slugged the closed doors and then tried throwing around his 
royal authority. Unfortunately, the custodial staff apologetically 
explained the order to close had come from the King himself. At that, 
Tenchi had stalked back to his rooms and insisted on privacy until the 
ceremony.
	A crier announced the arrival of the King and his wives, Misaki 
and Funaho. They sat in the seats provided for the Royal Family. In 
every major room or chamber in the palace, there were empty seats 
located in a prominent place, should any member of the family wish to 
sit in and participate. This chamber was no exception. 
	The ceremony went as could be expected; with a great deal of pomp 
and circumstance. The groom, Seiryuu, looked very confident, as he 
waiting for the ceremony to play itself out. Aeka appeared shortly after 
him, escorted by her sister. Sasami wore the dress she had picked-out 
with Ryoko's help. It tastefully showed how much she had grown since she 
and Aeka had last been home. Aeka's wedding gown was a very traditional 
Juraian style. She was covered from head to toe in pure white. It 
differed from Earth gowns in that there was no veil. The lack of a veil 
was made up for with a hood.
	The ceremony progressed slowly. Ryoko tried to assuage her boredom 
at one point by rubbing Tenchi's neck with the hand already on his 
shoulders. He seemed to like it, and actually closed his eyes. But after 
only a minute, he reached up and pulled her arm over his head then 
gently placed it at her side.
	Ryoko idly wondered what would happen if someone objected to the 
wedding. There would probably be a huge blow-up. The idea entertained 
her for a moment.
	The priest, or whatever version of official they used here on 
Jurai, finally asked aloud of the attendees.
	"If there would be any who challenge the legitimacy of this 
marriage, speak now."
	Tenchi nearly leapt from his seat.
	"I would!" He boldly announced.
	"Tenchi!" Katsuhito commanded his grandson's attention. "You must 
not interfere!"
	But Tenchi had his own ideas. He turned to his grandfather.
	"I'm sorry, Grandpa, but I can't let this happen."
	Tenchi turned to his left to get to the aisle. He steeled himself 
to deal with Ryoko's molten fury. To his surprise, she only yawned 
tiredly and waved him on. Relieved, Tenchi slipped by into the aisle. He 
walked determinedly towards the altar to make his case.
	Washu, on Ryoko's other side, leaned towards her daughter.
	"Ryoko, dear, aren't you concerned about what's going on?"
	"Nope." Ryoko replied. "I figured Tenchi would do something like 
this. It's not like he's going to marry her himself. Besides, I was 
getting bored."
	Washu leaned back into her seat.
	"It's funny you should say that." she said with an omniscient 
look.
	As Tenchi advanced along the aisle, he could make out the look of 
pure joy on Aeka's face. To her, Tenchi was a knight in shining armor, 
coming to her rescue.
	Tenchi reached the altar.
	Seiryuu, Azusa's chosen groom, looked completely taken aback. He 
couldn't believe someone had actually objected to his marriage to 
Princess Aeka.
	The wide-eyed priest addressed Tenchi.
	"Your name, sir?"
	"Tenchi Masaki." The young prince answered.
	"You contest this marriage?" He asked.
	"Yes, I do." Tenchi confirmed.
	The priest turned to Jurai's King, Azusa. All eyes also turned to 
the King. Azusa sat upon his throne, eyeing his great-grandson. 
Strangely, though, he was grinning from ear to ear. Next to him, his 
second wife, Misaki, smiled and waved to Tenchi as if in thanks. The 
King loudly cleared his throat.
	"Tenchi has challenged Seiryuu for the hand of my daughter, 
Princess Aeka. Once given, a challenge may not be rescinded. Let it 
stand."
	Katsuhito seemed deep in contemplation.
	Nobuyuki stood up, shouting. "Atta boy, Tenchi!" Tears of pride 
streamed down his face.
	"This is so romantic!" Mihoshi blubbered into a handkerchief. 
	Aeka still seemed to be seeing white knights on horses.
	Sasami, the maid of honor, giggled playfully.
	Tenchi's eyes crossed, losing focus. "Uhh..."
	"Told you so." Washu whispered to Ryoko.
	"THE HELL IT WILL!" Ryoko shouted across the hall. The look of 
molten fury Tenchi had been expecting a moment ago exploded in full 
force. Ryoko literally flew from her seat. Flying up the aisle, she 
nearly bowled over Sasami in her haste to get between Tenchi and his 
unintended bride. She landed directly in front of Tenchi, facing Aeka 
and her father with her arms outstretched, defiance incarnate.
	"There's no way Tenchi can go along with this stupid challenge! 
He's already promised to spend the rest of his life with me." Ryoko 
turned to Tenchi and wrapped her arms around his neck.
	"Tell them, Tenchi." she demanded of him. But Ryoko's overly 
protective grasp on Tenchi's neck cut off his air supply. Tenchi 
struggled to break the unbreakable strength in Ryoko's superhuman arms. 
She did not seem to notice his difficulty breathing.
	The voice of Aeka's most prominent rival finally broke through her 
delusions of heroic chivalry.
	"Miss Ryoko! How dare you interfere!" Striking a haughty pose, 
Aeka continued. "Why would Lord Tenchi spend his remaining days with a 
monster, when he could have a beautiful princess like me? Ahh, ho, ho, 
ho, ho, ho, ho!"
	Ryoko bristled at Aeka's use of the word "monster". She turned 
back to Aeka, releasing her grip on Tenchi, who fell to his hands and 
knees, sucking in air by the lungful.
	"There's a saying on Earth. 'Beauty is only skin deep.' I guess 
Tenchi sees you for what you really are."
Aeka froze in mid-laugh. She tensed for a moment, fuming.
	"At least my skin doesn't have wrinkles big enough a truck could 
drive through them."
	Ryoko walked right up to Aeka.
	"You should talk. You're wearing so much cover-up, you look like a 
mime."
	"A... A mime!?" Aeka stuttered. "I have had it with your 
insolence! Azaka! Kamedake!" Aeka called for her guardians.
	"You really are a fool if you think you can get the best of me 
here. In this palace my every whim is reality! Ahh, ho, ho, ho, ho!" The 
princess confidently laughed again.
	"Is that so?" Ryoko challenged. "Let's see how you like this 
reality, Princess." Energy began to crackle in the air around the 
rivals.
	Seiryuu ran and hid. Finally catching his breath, Tenchi jumped 
between them.
	"Would you two try to be serious about this?"
	"I am serious." The girls answered him simultaneously.
	"Yeah, right." Tenchi mumbled to himself. "Look, I don't know 
anything about this challenge. But I do know making Aeka get married 
against her will is wrong."
	"But, Tenchi," Ryoko forgot about whatever destructive assault she 
had been planning. "If you go through with this you'll have to marry 
Aeka!"
	Tenchi put his hands on Ryoko's arms. 
	"Ryoko, I have to do something." He tried to explain. "Everything 
will work out. You'll see." Ryoko was not comforted by his words.
	"How will it be all right?" She pleaded. "Don't you understand 
what I'm saying?" Tears began to brim in Ryoko's feline-like eyes.
	"Ryoko..." Tenchi asked. "What do you mean?"
	"I..." Ryoko took a step back as panic seemed to take hold of her. 
She shut her eyes tight and shot straight into the air, disappearing 
just before hitting the chapel's vaulted ceiling.
	"Ryoko..." Tenchi looked up, worried.
	There was a collective sigh of relief as Ryoko left the building. 
Before anyone could react further, Azusa called to Tenchi.
	"Tenchi, as the challenger, you may choose a champion first."
	"Your Highness," Tenchi turned to the King. "What exactly is this 
challenge?"
	Exercising great patience, Azusa answered Tenchi.
	"The challenge is a duel. You, or a champion of your choosing, 
must fight until there is a clear victor. The winner will marry Aeka. 
The duel will take place tomorrow at noon. Therefore, you must choose a 
champion immediately so that the combatants may prepare."
	Tenchi thought for a moment.
	"Now I've done it. Not only is Aeka in a tight spot, but so am I. 
Even worse, Ryoko's upset. No choice, I guess."
	"I will fight for myself." Tenchi announced. The guests murmured 
their approval.
	As if by magic, Seiryuu reappeared next to Aeka. She started, and 
almost smacked him for it.
	"My turn to choose, I suppose. Let's see... Tenchi is a very 
skilled adversary so I should pick someone even more skilled. Oh, dear, 
that will be difficult. Hmm... Let's see. Who to pick? Who to pick? Ah!" 
Seiryuu's face lit up as he came to an answer. "I should pick the 
strongest, most skilled warrior in attendance. And who better to 
represent the future King of Jurai than", he paused dramatically, "the 
Crown Prince Yosho!"
	Even this did not seem to phase Katsuhito. His only reaction was a 
single phrase.
	"I see."
	Azusa's grin became a face-splitting smile.

End of Part 2.

Afterword:
	Let me know what you think! Please send me e-mail with your
thoughts and opinions. I promise more ACTION next time.

Written by Dreamr. Write to: TrueDreamr@Hotmail.com
April 2002



