No Need For Irresponsibility!

A Tenchi-Muyo! fanfic by Keiichi Masaki

(keiichi_dono@hotmail.com, keiichi_dono@altavista.net)

Tenchi-Muyo! is the property of Pioneer and AIC.

	The wedding ceremony was over, and now the newlyweds were preparing for 
their honeymoon--and from the way that Tenchi and Kiyone Masaki were acting right 
now, it was very likely that they would soon join the "Mile High Club."
	If they didn't start conceiving Nobuyuki's first grandchild right on the living room 
floor.
	 In the midst of one of their infrequent breaks from what Kiyone called 
"demonstrations of love," the new Jurai empress looked over at her former partner, who 
kept glancing nervously at the door.  "Mihoshi, what's wrong?"
	"He's not here yet, Kiyone!" Mihoshi said sadly.  "He's not here yet!"
	"Ohhh..."  Kiyone went over and put an arm around Mihoshi's shoulders; since 
she was retiring from the Galaxy Police to be Tenchi's empress, she had started liking 
Mihoshi a lot more (after all, she wasn't her problem anymore...).  "Don't worry, he'll be 
here soon--ooh!"  She giggled in delight as her husband looped his arms around her 
waist.  "Hi, Ten-chan!"
	"Hi-Kiyo-chan," whispered the new emperor of Jurai as he kissed Kiyone's neck.  
After a few moments he noticed Mihoshi's worried expression.  "What's wrong, 
Mihoshi?"
	"Her brother's not here yet," Kiyone explained.  "He's captain of a cruiser, and 
he'll be taking her on as his first officer.  His original...I'm still not sure about the details, 
but I think he's in the loony bin."
	Tenchi opened his mouth to respond when he heard a knock at the door.  "Who 
could that--"
	"I'll get it!"  Mihoshi lurched forward and pulled the door open--and, with a cry of 
delight, threw her arms around the person on the doorstep.  "Oniichan!"
	"Hi, Miho-chan," said a pleasant voice, and then he entered the room, Mihoshi on 
his arm.  He was about Tenchi's height, with shaggy dark brown hair, clear blue eyes, and a very relaxed 
expression on his face.  His outfit looked rather haphazard: an oversized canvas jacket 
with a yellow smiley-face button on the left side, and red trousers and tucked-in tunic-
jacket underneath.  The top two buttons were undone enough to show the knotted scarf 
around his neck, and the patch of a GP starship captain sat proudly on his tunic's left 
breast.  "Hi, everyone.  I'm Justy Ueki Tylor, Mihoshi's big brother."
	

Dedicated to everyone who's ever seen a similarity between Tylor and Mihoshi.  Oh 
yeah, insert Tylor disclaimer here: he belongs to...whomever the hell he belongs to.  And 
yes, I do believe that Tenchi+Kiyone=LOVE.  So sue me--or better yet, write me.  I want 
some input, dammit (^_~).

Keiichi Masaki, High Priest of the Temple 
of the Teal-tressed Goddess, Kiyone Makibi

Visit my website-under-construction
http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Palace/9909

"I am the one you think I am."
--Katsuhito "Yosho" Masaki

"The carnival comes and goes. If you wait for a while,
it'll always come back to you."
--Ryoko