By Jameson Rice (known on the Flint Hills UO Server as Brawler)
This fanfiction is dedicated to the Soldiers of Vengience (SoV) guild which has 
been unfortunetly discriminated against.

All Characters depicted in this fanfiction are trademarks of Pioneer LDC( hope I 
spelled that right) This fanfiction (may)not be related in any way to any of the 
Tenchi Muyor series, but I feel that the issue that it addresses needs to be 
addressed, thank you.

Is it hate or...?
A story about Kiyone and her partner Mihoshi.

"...kiyone..."
She was running through what seemed to be a vast network of corridors, shapeless 
featureless corridors.
She was trying to find something and had an idea that the voice had something to 
do with it.

"...kiyone..."
Her name, again repeated in that strange half questing, half scared voice, she 
wanted to find the source of that voice, to calm it, to let the voice know she 
was there.
Why couldn't she find the voice? She was getting tired of running, tired of 
trying to find this voice...
But she couldn't stop.

She was getting desperate.
I have to find it, it needs me.

"...kiyone..."
Even more urgently the voice called out.

I have to find her...
She came around the next corner, half expecting to find the one who made the 
voice.

But instead she only found an empty room.  She would have to go back.
But she couldn't, the entryway she had just come through was gone, all that 
remained was six featureless flat surfaces, and the voice.
"...kiyone..."
"Kiyone"
"KIYONE!"

Kiyone sat up with a start, forcing her eyes open she looked around the 
apartment that she shared with her partner Mihoshi.

Mihoshi!

She looked over at her partner's sleeping bag , scared that she might find her 
gone.
She was... relieved?...to find Mihoshi still in her sleeping bag and not just 
simply vanished.
She had never been worried for Mihoshi like this, why was she suddenly afraid 
that she was gone?

Like a distant memory the events of her dream... her nightmare... came back to 
her.
"It was you I was looking for, wasn't it Mihoshi?"

Her partner was tossing in a dream of her own, possibly a nightmare similar to 
the one Kiyone had just woken up from.

"...kiyone...where are you..."

"I'm right here Mihoshi, it's ok." She said as she shook Mihoshi out of her 
dream.

Mihoshi blinked, and then started crying and sobbing.
"Kiyone!  I couldn't find you! I was looking everywhere! OH KIYONE!!"

Mihoshi broke down into a veritable geyser of tears as Kiyone allowed her 
partner to rest her head on her shoulder.
"It's ok... I'm here Mihoshi," said Kiyone as a tear trickled down her cheek.
