Tenchi, the other characters, yadaa yadaa yadaa, belongs to pioneer and AIC 
, blah blahh blah,
"(It's Hard) Letting You Go is of Bon Jovi and their label, yea yea yea so 
don't sue my broke azz.

"It ain't no fun lying down to sleep
   and there ain't no secrets left for me to keep
I wish the stars up in the sky
   would all just call in sick
And the clouds would take the moon out
   on some one-way trip."
                                                   -Bon Jovi

It's Hard Letting You Go - Part:1- The Walk, The Confession, and the News

    It was a warm day.  Ryoko was lazing quietly in her tree waiting for 
Tenchi to return home from
school. The morning had gone pretty usually. Ayeka yelling that she never 
helps with the work and
Sasami had made yet another great breakfast. Washu working in her lab not 
being seen all day.
Kiyone and Mihoshi at yet another bad part time job.  Ryoko was dreaming of 
a day when her and
Tenchi will go and be together, forever. Oh how she loved him.
    "Ryoko, I see you up there," she was snapped out of her dream by his 
sweet voice.
    "Tenchiiiiii," she said while phasing out and into in front of him. " I 
missed you so much."
    "I missed you too, Ryoko. Skipped out on the morning chores again huh?"
    "Well I  . . . umm," she said slightly blushing "How was your day love?"
    "Boring, you know the usually."
    "Tenchi, it's Friday. Why don't we go somewhere for the weekend?" She 
said wrapping her arms
around him. He could smell the sweetness of her perfume.
    "Ryoko, you know I can't do that," he said with a sigh.
    "Then how about we go for a walk? Right now."
    "Well . . ." he was about to refuse, but realized that it might be a 
good ideal. A good ending to a dull
day. "Ryoko I would love to."
    "ahhh err you would?" She really did expect him to comply so easily.

* * *

    They walked for awhile, talking and smiling. They came to set on a large 
rock over looking a small
grassy cliff. After that there was a beautiful hill with trees in Spring. 
The cherry blossoms
was blowing around them.  For a just a little while in their lives time held 
no meaning.
    "Ryoko, this was a great ideal. Thank you for inviting me." Tenchi said 
finally braking the silence.
    "There is no one in the whole I rather be here with," and when she spoke 
Tenchi knew that she really
meant it with everything she had.
    "Tenchi . . ." she said slipping a arm around his shoulder.
    "Hmm."
    "I . . ." she gently stroked his cheek then turned his head so that she 
was liking straight into his brown
eyes. "I have watched you for years from the cave as you grew up, the last 
few months as
we spent time together, and this is the truth. Tenchi Masaki what I feel for 
you is not a little school girl
crush. I truly deep down in the bottom of my heart . . . I love you my dear. 
I love you," she gently laid her
head down on his chest, and he put his left arm around her.
    Still looking over the cliff, he realized at that moment that he really 
did love her too. "Ryoko..."
    "Hmm," she said expecting him to brush it off as he did so many times 
before of course she never said
it quit like that before. " Yes love."
    "I. .I. .I. .love you too." There he said it. He actually said it.
    She slid her head upward so she was still on his chest but looking at 
his face. " What did you say dear?"
    "I said that I love you," the answer came again. She couldn't believe 
what she was hearing. After all
these years he finally said it.
    "Tenchi, I don't know what to say."
    "Don't say anything, for I can't; not to anyone," he fell salient.
    "What do you mean?"
    "Come on Ryoko, yes I do love you, but you know me by now. I still have 
feelings for Ayeka even if it's
only friendship I could never hurt her or any of the other girls like that."
    "I understand," she said simply.
    "Ahh . . . you do?" Was his answer.
    "Yes my love. I don't like the prissy princess act, and she acts like 
she own the world, but beyond that
she doesn't seem that bad. I'm not gonna lie to you. I would love to throw 
this at her, and as for the other
girls they would probably get  mad at you say you should of told them 
sooner, and that  would be too cruel
to both them and you my dear," she slid her head back down his chest to it's 
original position.
    "Ryoko . . . now I don't know what to say." The sky was now lit up 
orange and light red from the beauty
of the sun slowly sitting for it's nightly slumber.
    "Tenchiii," she said seductively. "I wish this moment would last for 
forever."
    "Yea, me t . . ." he was cut off.
    "Ahhhh!!!" Was all she said grabbing the extreme left side of her 
abdomen.
    "Ryoko, what is it?"
    "It's nothing just a sharp pain. Must have been something I ate."
    "Ryoko this is the same spot that Kagato hit you at in space. Is this 
the first time this has happened?"
    "Well," she did not want to keep anything from him anymore. She also 
knew that she never could
anyways. Somehow he always knew she wasn't telling him everything. "The last 
week or so it has
happened a couple of times . . . a day "
    "Ryoko, have you told Washu about this yet?"
    "Are you kidding, just what I need to hear is that 'greatest scientific 
mind in the universe' shit again."
    "Ryoko, I'm worried about you. I'm asking you please see Washu. I'll go 
with you."
    "Well ok."

* * *

    "Well, well, well  to what do I owe this unexpected visit?" Washu said 
not moving an eye from the
screen of her computer as she sat cross-legged on the hovering pillow as 
Tenchi and Ryoko entered
her lab.
     "Miss Washu, it's Ryoko. She seems to be having a sharp stabbing pain."
     "Ahhh, drinking a little to much sake huh?" the red headed girl said 
mockingly. "Well I guess the
Greatest scientific mind in the universe can come up with a hangover cure."
Ryoko glanced at Tenchi with the I told you she would act this way look.
     "No Washu it's at the spot that she was hit by Kagato."
         She  sighed and turned to face them.  "How long has this been going 
on, and how often?"
     "A couple of times a day for about a week." Tenchi spoke after a few 
seconds, as Ryoko remained
salient.
     "Whattt!!! Why didn't you come earlier?" Washu had lost her joking 
manner. Something that doesn't
happen to often. I Guess It's because her daughter is involved. Tenchi 
thought to himself. "I'll have to
do some tests."
     Ryoko knew that was coming and sighed at the thought of been strapped 
down to one of Washu's
cold metal tables. She hated the tests that Washu did it always made her 
feel like she just went to the
doctor, eye doctor, and the gynecologist all in one visit. "Like I didn't 
know you was gonna say that."
     "Hey don't get fresh with me." While she spoke metal arms came from 
above and grabbed Ryoko
guiding her to a table behind her and Tenchi. "Now if you would wait 
outside, I'll come and get you
when I'm finished," she said turning to Tenchi.

* * *
    "Lord Tenchi, how are you?" He heard Ayeka's voice come from above him 
on the stairs. He was
leaning ageist the wall beside the door of  the broom closet. "Is there 
something wrong?"
    "Ohh, Miss Ayeka, no there nothing at all. Everything's just fine," 
Tenchi spoke in his usual half
laughing way he does when he is lying, and waving his hand.
     "Are you sure?" She said worriedly.
     "Oh yes, yes everything is alright," He hated lying to her, but he 
promised Ryoko that he wouldn't
speak of it to anyone but Washu.
     "Ok, well I'm gonna go she what Sasami is making for dinner. See you 
then," she said, and walked
off hurriedly towards the kitchen. Somewhere in the back of her mind the 
feeling struck her that maybe,
just maybe everything wasn't alright.
      "Tenchi." A solemn voice from behind him said. It was Washu. She had 
snuck up on him as he was
finishing his conversation with Ayeka. when Tenchi turned to face the 
usually sweet little voice behind
him he immediately wished that he hadn't. Washu had tears swelling in her 
eyes. "Tenchi,"she said
again this time shuting her eyes. When she open them again a few seconds 
later she spoke ghostly.
"I can't do anything. I'm the smartest mind in the universe and I can't do 
anything. She, Ryoko, my
own daughter is dying, and I can't do anything about it."

<Wild Card> Willis43@hotmail.com
