Tenchi Muyo is not mine, but you all know that. Janet is not a fictional character. She is a flesh and blood 
person, and I do have her permission to have her in this fic.


Janet in Japan

"An exchange student is coming here?" Tenchi yelled at his father. "Why did you agree to that?"

"Well, I owed a friend a favor, and this is my way of paying him back. It will only be for a little while." He 
assured his son.

"How long is a little while?" Tenchi asked.

"I'm not sure, but no more than a week.  My friend is being pulled away on business, and she needs a place 
to stay."

"She! Oh not another girl," Tenchi mooned, "Am I cursed or what?"

"Don't worry Tenchi, you will only be cursed if this girl falls in love with you, and what are the chances of 
that happening."

"When is she arriving?"

"Not till tomorrow afternoon. That will give you plenty of time to warn the other girls. Ayeka, and Ryoko 
most of all."

"Yes Dad."

? * * * *

"Okay everyone she is here." Tenchi told the members of the Masaki home. "Now you know the rule. No 
using your powers while she is here."

"Do not worry Lord Tenchi, I will not use my powers no matter what." Ayeka assured him.

"Don't worry about me Tenchi, I'll be the perfect Earthling." Ryoko said as she slid her arms around his 
neck in a lose embrace. 

"And non of that either Ryoko!" Tenchi replied blandly, as he untangled the space pirates arms from 
around his neck.

"But Tenchi.." Ryoko protested.

"I mean it Ryoko." Tenchi said firmly.

"Okay fine, but as soon as this chick leaves I am ganna have to make up for lost time." She said, giving him 
a smile that sent shivers down Tenchi's spine.

"Uh Tenchi," said Washu "don't you think you should let the poor girl in before she flies back to America."

"Oh yeah, okay everybody get ready." They all stood in a line in front of the door with big smiles on their 
faces. Tenchi then opened the door to revel a blond girl around seventeen years old. 

"Hello I am Janet McCarthy," she said shyly. She was very unnerved by the large group of girls, and the 
one boy.

"Welcome to our home. I'm Tenchi Masaki," said the boy. 

"I am Ayeka," said a woman with incredibly long purple hair. "This is my sister Sasami," She said, 
indicating a young girl with two long blue ponytails. She also had a strange mark on her forhead.  She 
smiled widely at Janet, and gave her a friendly wave. "Hi," she said cheerfully.

"I am Washu," said a girl that stood beside the girl named Sasami. This one had long red hair that spiked 
out, and down her back. There was something in her eyes that made Janet nervous. She seemed to look at 
her with the same look a biology teacher would give a frog they were about to cut open. On her other side 
stood a tall woman with hair not as long but just as spiky, and was a strange light blue color. "Ryoko," she 
said.

"Huh?" Janet asked. The woman tilted her head, and gave her a sly smile. "That's my name."

"Oh, well I am glad to meet all of you." Janet said. She could not believe how many girls lived in this 
house, and how odd their hair color was. ` And I was afraid I would stand out.' Janet said in the privacy of 
her mind.

	After an exceptionally good dinner Janet got to meet Tenchi's father. He seemed an okay person, 
but she didn't really like the way he seemed to always watch her, and the other girls of the house. She 
watched the group interact with each other, and it made her homesick for her family and friends. 


Challenge: Okay this is a story that I started for a friend of mine that is really going to live in Japan 
for a year as an exchange student. I planned on getting it written before she left, but unfortunately it 
didn't happen. She has been gone for almost two weeks now, and I am still stuck. So I decided to turn 
this into a challenge. I challenge those of you who are reading this to finish it. E-mail me your own 
ending for this story. I will read all those who choose to accept this challenge, and the winner will 
receive a free poster. If you are interested, and have some questions just e-mail me.

