You're Just Jealous of Tenchi and Me!

Tenchi and Ryoko were watching the suns setting from the high cliff above the 
gentle pink sea.
"It's beautiful isn't it?" Ryoko asked Tenchi.
"Not as beautiful as you," he answered.
Ryoko blushed.  She gazed down at her finger and examined her two rings.  The 
first one was silver with a large heart shaped ruby upon it; this was her 
engagement ring.  The other was a plain solid gold one, her wedding ring.
She and Tenchi were on their honeymoon.  The wedding had been fun.  She leant up 
against Tenchi, who put his arm around her waist, and began to relive the most 
important days of her life...

 	BOOM!
The blast lit up the night sky.  Washu awoke to see two figures silhouetted 
against the light.  She rubbed the sleep from her eyes and sat up.
"Don't say they're at it again?" she groaned.
Recently, Aeka had become very aggressive towards Washu's daughter, even more 
than normal, all because Tenchi had started dating Ryoko.  Washu watched as the 
Jurian princess flew across the yard and into a nearby bush.  Ryoko flew past 
seconds later, laughing her head off.
'They are so immature,' she thought as she watched the bright light of Aeka's 
lightning attack brightened the area and listened to Ryoko's screams of pain as 
it hit her.

She decided that she would never get any sleep now so she got up and stood by 
the window, watching them fight.  She never bothered to stop it because she 
wasn't as strong as her daughter or the princess, well, not at the moment 
anyway.  With all of Ryoko's gems, she could be very powerful.
'How can anyone sleep through this noise?' she wondered when Aeka's high-pitched 
shrieks echoed through the night because Ryoko had thrown a giant rock at her.
She moved away from the window just as Ryoko lifted a tree from the ground and 
swung it like a baseball bat.  She began typing in mid air and her computer 
appeared.  She typed furiously.  Outside, there was silence and then shouts of 
protest,
"Hey, what's going on here?" Ryoko cried.
"I can't move, what's happening?" Aeka shouted.
"Washu!" Ryoko screamed, "What the heck are you doing?"
Washu looked up from her computer just as Ryoko and Aeka appeared in front of 
her, both of them paralysed.
"Do you realize what time it is?" Washu asked.
Ryoko and Aeka just stared at her.
"It is 12:04 am," Washu continued, "And some of us are trying to sleep."
She typed into her computer once more and Aeka and Ryoko's bodies relaxed.
"Well, she started it," Ryoko snarled.
"I did not!" Aeka protested crossly.
"You did too!  You're just jealous of Tenchi and me."
Aeka went red with anger and her two guardians Azaka and Kamidake appeared 
beside her.  They are two log shaped things that are the servants of the Jurai 
royal family.  They moved towards Ryoko who flew into the air, out of reach.
Washu pressed a key on her keyboard and Azaka and Kamidake froze.
"Hey, what did you do to my Guardians?"  Aeka whined.
"I simply froze them so that you would stop this fight," Washu yelled, "You 
should stop picking fights with Ryoko.  Tenchi loves Ryoko and that's final.  
You don't see me and Mihoshi fighting with her do you?"
"No," Aeka said meekly.
Ryoko stuck out her tongue at her but Aeka didn't retaliate. 
"Oh, I'm dreadfully sorry Miss Washu," Aeka mumbled quietly.
 "Good.  Now will you both go to sleep?"
They nodded.  Aeka went up through the transporter and Ryoko phased through the 
wall.
"Finally," Washu sighed as she pulled the covers around her, "Peace at last."
And she fell asleep once more.

	Sasami laid the table with plates of toast and bowls of steaming chicken 
soup.  She had tried making soup from scratch but it never turned out right.  
Then Noboyuki, Tenchi's father, had shown her that you could have soup made 
instantly from a tin and all you had to do was warm it up.
"Morning Sasami," Mihoshi said as she stumbled into the kitchen still wearing 
her pink striped pyjamas, blue dressing gown and fuzzy yellow slippers.
Washu, fully dressed in a green short-sleeved blouse and blue shorts, soon 
followed her.  Tenchi joined them moments later dressed in black trousers and a 
black t-shirt with a white stripe across the chest.  They slumped around the 
table and put their heads in their arms.
"What's wrong everyone?" Sasami asked as Ryo-ohki walked in slowly and then 
collapsed on the floor.
"Nothing much Sasami," Tenchi yawned, "We're just tired."
"But why?"
"You mean you didn't hear it?" Mihoshi groaned.
"Hear what?"
"Aeka and Ryoko fighting again!" Everybody replied in unison.
"Were they really?  I didn't hear a thing," Sasami said.
"Morning," a voice sang.
Ryoko phased through the ceiling wearing a red gypsy style crop top with puffed 
sleeves, a pair of sky blue pedal pushers and white boots and into the chair 
beside Tenchi.  Everyone groaned her good mornings, all except Sasami, who said 
it cheerfully, and Tenchi who said,
"Morning sweetheart," and kissed her.
Aeka entered dressed in her usual kimono.  She saw the kiss and her hands 
clenched but she said nothing as she sat down.
"What's wrong Princess?" Ryoko taunted as she hugged Tenchi close.
Aeka just stuck her nose in the air and said nothing.
"Good morning Miss Aeka," Tenchi said, pushing Ryoko away so that he could pour 
himself a glass of orange juice.
"Morning," she said flatly and began spooning the soup into her mouth.
Tenchi watched her worriedly.  He was beginning to regret the decision of 
telling Ryoko his feelings for her but it had all come out on Valentine's Day 
two years ago.  He knew that Aeka was aware of his feelings for Ryoko yet she 
still picked fights with her and Ryoko never refused them.  He hated being the 
cause of their destructive behaviour but there was nothing he could do.  He 
reached into his pocket to check that the small box he was carrying was still 
there.  It was a present for Ryoko.  He replaced it in his pocket and began 
munching at his breakfast.

	Sasami was bored.  She had nothing to do and there was no one to play 
with.  Washu was in her lab working on some project, Tenchi was up at the field, 
Mihoshi was delivering an important package for the Galaxy Police, Ryoko and 
Ryo-ohki had disappeared somewhere and Aeka was locked in her room.  She lay 
back on the sofa and stared at the ceiling.  Noboyuki entered via the back door 
and spotted her looking fed up.
"Hey, what's wrong Sasami," he asked as he hung up his coat on a peg.
Sasami continued to stare at the ceiling as she said,
"I've got nothing to do."
"Well, what do you want to do?"
"I don't know."
"Do you want to go out somewhere?" He said, sitting down beside her.
Sasami shrugged.
"We could go to the park," Noboyuki suggested.
"I guess," Sasami sighed, pulling herself up.
"Great.  Get your coat and I'll take you out to the park," Noboyuki said.
"Okay then."
Sasami took her coat from the hook and grabbed her cap.  Noboyuki took her hand 
and they left.

	"Meow," Ryo-ohki yawned as she opened her amber eyes.
"Mmm," Ryoko agreed as she stretched out on the tree branch.
They had been taking a nap in one of the cherry trees.  It had been a few hours 
since breakfast and now she was fully rested she decided she was hungry.
"What do you think?" She asked Ryo-ohki, "Do you think we should sneak something 
from the fridge?"
Ryo-ohki nodded enthusiastically and bounded into Ryoko's arms.  They vanished 
and reappeared in the kitchen.
"Right," Ryoko said, opening the fridge, "What would you like?"
"Meow."
"Oh, of course!  You always choose that," Ryoko laughed as she pulled a bunch of 
carrots from the drawer.  "There you are."
She studied the contents of the fridge wondering what she would like.  
Eventually she chose a bowl of strawberries, which she covered, with layers of 
whipped cream and sugar.  She thought for a moment and then whipped up an extra 
bowl.  She grabbed Ryo-ohki and the bowls of strawberries and vanished again.

Tenchi jumped when Ryoko appeared in front of him.
"Ryoko," he gasped, "I wish you wouldn't just appear like that."
Her face fell.
"Do you want me to leave then?" and she began to fade.
"No, come back."
She became opaque once more and grinned.  She handed Tenchi one of the bowls and 
then sat down on a nearby rock.  Tenchi joined her and they tucked into their 
food.
"Mmm," Ryoko sighed in pleasure as she bit into her strawberries.
"Definitely!" Tenchi said in a muffled voice because his mouth was full of 
cream.
Ryoko finished her quickly and sat watching Tenchi.  Tenchi glanced up into her 
eyes and he felt a shiver run down his back.  He liked that feeling.  He always 
got it when he was with Ryoko.  He watched as she sidled up to him and glanced 
at his bowl of strawberries.  He knew what she was after.  He studied the fruit 
and came across one that looked vaguely heart shaped and sugar and cream stuck 
around the edge like a frill.  He picked it up and popped it in her mouth.  She 
smiled and kissed him.  The shiver passed through him again.  He finished the 
last licks of cream and then began working once more.  Ryoko hovered beside him, 
watching him lovingly.
'Shall I do it now?' he asked himself.
He decided against it and continued working.
'When should I do it?" Was the next question that worked its way into his brain.  
'Tonight maybe, or tomorrow."
He sighed heavily and wiped the sweat from his forehead.  He stared thoughtfully 
at the cloudless blue sky.
"What are you thinking about Tenchi?" Ryoko asked.
Tenchi didn't say anything.
"Tenchi."
He didn't move.  Ryoko floated in front on him and waved her hand around.  
Tenchi blinked and then shook his head.
"Sorry Ryoko," he apologised, "I zoned out for a minute there."
"I noticed that."
"Did you ask me something?"
"Yeah, what were you thinking about?"
"Oh, it's nothing," he replied.
Ryoko noticed that he checked his pocket for something.
"What's in there?" She asked, pointing to the pocket that his hand had 
disappeared into.
Tenchi flushed.
"It's nothing, really."
Ryoko frowned.  She suddenly lunged at Tenchi, knocking him to the ground where 
she pinned him with her leg.  With one hand she held his arms and with the other 
she delved into his pocket.  She pulled out a small velvet box.  She let go of 
Tenchi's arms so that she could open it but Tenchi was too quick for her and 
snatched it back.
"Hey," she protested, "I just want to see what it is."
"You'll find out later," Tenchi said.
"Oh please," she begged, bending close to his face and staring into his eyes, 
into his mind.
He had trouble resisting that stare but today was different.
"No," he said firmly.
"Why not?"
"Because it's a surprise."
"So? Surprise me."
"Later OK?"
"No."
"Oh Ryoko," he sighed.
He pushed her off and put the box back in his pocket.
"Tenchi, show me the surprise."
"I will," he said...
Her face lit up...
"Tonight."
She scowled and then shrugged.
"Okay, what are we doing tonight?"
"We've got a date, remember?"
Ryoko thought for a moment.
"Oh yeah.  Fine, I'll see you tonight then," and she vanished.
"Oh man," Tenchi breathed, "She can be so persuasive."
He bent down and began raking the soil.

	"Weeeee!" Sasami squealed as she swung higher and higher.
"Are you having fun?" Noboyuki shouted.
"Yeah!"
"Good."
Noboyuki was enjoying himself too.  They had fed the ducks, played hide and seek 
and they were now playing on the swings.  It had been years since he had had a 
small child to take out.  Tenchi was too mature to do this sort of thing so 
Noboyuki had started to look after Sasami.
"Mr Masaki," Sasami called.
"Yes?"
"Can I go on the climbing frame?"
Noboyuki brought her swing to a stop and helped her down.  She ran to the frame 
and scrambled up the ladder.  She ran along the wooden bridge and to the slide.  
She sat down and Noboyuki gave her a push.
"Yahoo!" She screamed.
She reached the bottom and ran round to have another go.  Noboyuki watched her 
and smiled.
"Hey, Sasami," he asked, "Have you ever tried the monkey bars?"

	Mihoshi, Washu, Ryoko and Aeka sat on the sofa staring at the TV.  They 
were watching a space soap opera and were munching away on takeaways seeing that 
Sasami had not returned.
"This is boring," Ryoko said.
"I've seen better," Washu agreed.
"Change the channel Mihoshi," Aeka asked.
The channel stayed the same.  Everyone turned to look at Mihoshi and discovered 
that she was asleep.
"Typical," Ryoko said and picked up the remote.
She flicked through the channels but nothing looked interesting.  Finally, she 
switched it off.
"What shall we do now?" She asked.
Everyone shrugged.
"Well, I'm going back to work," Washu said and went into her lab through the 
door under the stairs.
"Is that all she does?" Ryoko enquired.
Aeka ignored her.
"Hey Princess, are you still sore about Tenchi and me?"
"Ms. Ryoko, I have no intention of talking to you right now."
"Why not?"
"I just don't want to."
"Fine.  Be stubborn.  I'm going to take a bath.  Do you want to come?"
"Hmph!"
"Alright, bye then."
And Ryoko vanished.
"Stupid Ryoko," Aeka muttered.
She got up and spotted herself in the mirror.
"Maybe I will take a bath but I'm staying well away from Ryoko."
She strolled out of the house towards the onsen.  When she reached it she 
changed into her red swimming costume and wrapped her towel around herself.  She 
wandered out, checked to see if Ryoko was there and then slid into the water.
"Ah, much better."
"So, you decided to show up after all?"
Aeka turned to see Ryoko sitting nearby drinking sake.
"Want some?" She asked offering some to Aeka.
Aeka took the cup but said nothing.  Ryoko disappeared and then reappeared next 
to Aeka.
"Come on Princess, what is the matter?"
"Why should I tell you?" Aeka asked, drinking the whole cup of sake down in one 
go.
"Because I have a feeling that it's me," Ryoko answered, refilling Aeka's cup.
"What makes you say that?"
"Well, you've been acting this way ever since Tenchi and I started going out and 
you keep starting fights with me.  I'm supposed to do that."
"Fine.  I guess I'm a little jealous of you," Aeka sighed in a defeated tone.
"There.  Doesn't it feel better to tell the truth?" Ryoko grinned.
"No."
"Well, I think you should do.  Tenchi has chosen and you should be happy for 
him.  You're going to feel sorry for yourself for a while, although two years is 
a bit over top, but there must be hundreds of guys out there who find you 
attractive."
"I guess."
Ryoko smiled.  Aeka grabbed the bottle of sake away from her and drained it.
"Wow, you really know how to put this stuff away," Ryoko laughed and produced a 
second bottle.
"Meow."
Ryo-ohki bounded in and Ryoko clasped her in a suffocating hug.
"Okay, how long have you been in there?"  Sasami shouted.
"Not long," they replied.
Sasami frowned as if she didn't believe them and then left.
Ryoko floated out of the water and called after Sasami,
"What time is it?"
"4 o'clock."
"Oh no!  I've got to go and get ready.  See you later Princess," and she phased 
through the wall.

	"Ryoko, hurry up or we're going to be late!" Tenchi shouted up the stairs.
 "I'll be down in a second," Ryoko's voice floated back.
Tenchi stood there in his white shirt and black trousers and jacket fiddling 
with his bow tie and flower.  He was wondering what was taking Ryoko so long.  
Usually she just put on one of her skimpy outfits and they would go.  It never 
usually took this long.  He looked at the clock and then felt in his pocket to 
check that the box was still there.
"Okay, I'm ready."
"Finally," Tenchi said and looked at the top of the stairs but there was no sign 
of her.
Someone tapped him on the shoulder.  He turned round to see who it was and what 
he saw made his jaw drop.  There stood Ryoko in a tight fitting white satin 
dress covered with silver glitter.  Her arms were wrapped in black gloves and 
there were black high-heeled shoes on her feet.  Draped around her pale 
shoulders was a black silk scarf and she was wearing the necklace that Tenchi 
had got her two years ago.
"What do you think?" She asked.
"You look amazing," was all Tenchi could say.
"You think so?"
"Yeah."
She clapped her hands happily and flung her arms around him.  Tenchi accepted 
her embrace and kissed her.
"Shall we go then?" He asked, pulling apart.
"I guess."
They left through the door, hand in hand and got into the taxi that was waiting 
for them outside.
"Where to Sir?" The man in the front seat asked gruffly.
Tenchi gave him the name of their destination and they sped off down the road.

Upon arriving they were greeted by a short portly man with a bushy moustache and 
chubby cheeks.
"Name?" He enquired.
"Tenchi Masaki."
"Ah yes.  You booked the private parlour on the balcony.  Right this way sir."
Tenchi linked arms with Ryoko and they followed the man to their seats.
"Good evening.  I'm Tori and I will be your waiter this evening.  Here are your 
menus.  Just call me when you have chosen your starter," a tall waiter dressed 
in grey trousers and a red and white striped shirt told them.
"Thank you," Tenchi called after him as he left.
He scanned the menu.  There was plenty to chose from: Salad, different flavoured 
soups, garlic bread and various other things.
"What do you think we should have?" He asked Ryoko.
"I don't know.  I would quite like the water cress soup."
"Yes, that's sounds good," Tenchi agreed, "Uh, Tori, can we have two watercress 
soups please?"
"Yes, right away sir," the waiter replied and sped off to get their order.
While he was gone, Tenchi and Ryoko chose their main course.
"The creamed salmon sounds good," Tenchi suggested.
"What's that?" Ryoko questioned, reading the menu, "A fresh salmon cooked in a 
thick cream sprinkled with rosemary and parsley."  She nodded.  "That's sounds 
delicious."
When Tori returned with their soup, Tenchi gave him their order and then they 
tucked into their soup.
"Mmm, this is nice," Ryoko said as she spooned the broth into her mouth.
Tenchi nodded in agreement.

	"I think I know who it is," Noboyuki declared as he picked up the cards 
and looked at them.  He scowled and replaced the cards.
Sasami laughed and rolled the die.  It landed on 4.  She moved forward four 
spaces but didn't manage to enter a room.  Mihoshi rolled next and moved her red 
counter three spaces to the left and managed to enter the Lounge.
"Okay," she said, studying her cards, "Mrs White, in the Lounge with the 
Spanner."
She looked at Washu.  Washu sorted through her cards and showed her the Spanner.  
Mihoshi crossed it off her list.  Washu went next and scored a 1.  She frowned 
and moved her figure one space.  Noboyuki had caught her using one of her 
inventions to control the roll of the die.
"Okay, it's your turn Miss Aeka," Noboyuki said.
Aeka sighed heavily and threw the die.  It showed a 6.  She moved her counter 
into the conservatory.
"So, who do you think it was?" Sasami asked.
"Me," Aeka answered blankly.
"Aeka concentrate."
"Huh?  Oh sorry.  Um, Miss Scarlet, in the Conservatory with the Revolver."
Noboyuki shook his head so she looked at Sasami who also shook her head.  
Mihoshi and Washu also shook their heads.  It was then that Aeka realised that 
she had all those cards herself.
"This is a stupid game anyway," she scowled.
"Don't worry Miss Aeka, you'll get the hang of it."
"Hmph."
Sasami had her turn and asked for Professor Plum, in the Hall with the Dagger.  
Mihoshi didn't have any but Washu had one and showed it to Sasami who crossed it 
off and grinned.  Mihoshi didn't enter any rooms on her next go; neither did 
Washu.  Aeka managed to enter the Ball Room and crossed it off her list.  
"I know who it is," Sasami laughed, grabbing the pack from the bored.
She pulled them out and checked her list.  She smiled and laid them out for 
everyone to see.  It had been Reverend Green, in the Kitchen with the Dagger.
Washu, Mihoshi and Aeka threw their cards down in defeat while Noboyuki said,
"Well done Sasami.  You're getting very good at this."
Sasami blushed with pride.

	Tenchi and Ryoko had finished their dessert, which had been a couple of 
strawberry sundaes, and were now drinking sake.  Tenchi watched Ryoko who was 
staring out over the balcony.
'It's now or never,' he thought as he approached her.
On hearing him approach, Ryoko turned round.  Her eyes reflected the moonlight 
and her hair shone brightly.
'Oh how beautiful she is,' Tenchi thought dreamily.
"Um Ryoko," he began, bending down on one knee and producing the box from his 
pocket.
"What is it Tenchi?"
"Would you do me the honour of... of...?"
"Yes Tenchi."
"Will you marry me?" He finished, pressing the box into her hands. 
Ryoko was taken aback.  She gazed into his eyes to see if he was joking but they 
looked serious and slightly nervous.  She looked at the box.  Slowly, she 
removed the lid.  Inside was a silver ring with a large heart shaped ruby upon 
it.  She removed it and slid it on to her finger.
"So?" Tenchi stammered, "Will you?"
"Oh Tenchi," Ryoko breathed, "Of course I will."
Tenchi stood up.
"You will?"
"Yes," Ryoko cried with tears of joy blossoming in her eyes.
She threw herself into Tenchi's arms and sobbed into his shoulder.  Tenchi 
breathed in the smell of her hair and smiled.
'Yes,' he thought.

	Aeka, Mihoshi, Sasami, Washu and Noboyuki were playing Monopoly when Ryoko 
and Tenchi arrived home.
"We're back," Tenchi shouted from the hallway.
As always, everyone, except Aeka, hurried out into the hall and began to bombard 
them with questions.
"Where did you go?"
"Was it fun?"
"Were their any attractive women there?" 
"What happened?"
And so on.
"Okay calm down," Tenchi called over their shouts, "We went to a restaurant.  
Yes it was fun.  I wouldn't know dad as I only have eyes for Ryoko and..." he 
paused for a moment.
"Come on Tenchi," Washu motioned, "We can't stand the suspense."
"Yeah, tell us what happened," Mihoshi begged as she munched on a rice cracker.
"Ryoko and I are getting married!"
Everyone's mouths dropped.  Then Noboyuki embraced his son saying,
"Well done my boy."
"Congratulations!" Sasami laughed.
"Meow."
"I'm so moved," Mihoshi sobbed.
"That's my girl," Washu said, transforming into her adult form and pulling Ryoko 
into a gripping hug.
"Mom!" Ryoko protested as she struggled to breathe.
"Yes," a small voice came from the doorway, "Congratulations Ms. Ryoko."
Everyone turned to see Aeka leaning against the doorframe.
"Thank you Princess," Ryoko said, finally managing to release herself Washu 
grip.
Aeka strolled over to Tenchi and said,
"Congratulations Lord Tenchi.  I hope you and Ms. Ryoko are very happy 
together."
"Thank you Miss Aeka," Tenchi replied, staring at the floor.
She bowed and then went up the stairs.  Sasami, Noboyuki and Mihoshi followed 
her.  Washu chatted to Tenchi and Ryoko until they to ascended the stairs to 
their rooms leaving her alone in the hall.  She sighed heavily and went into her 
lab.  She sat on her cushion and began typing at her computer.  A portal opened 
and some objects flew out.  Her cushion swivelled around to look at them.   One 
was a bright white dress.  The bodice was covered with pearls and the sleeves 
were made from lace.  The skirt was long and flowing with little white roses 
embroidered over it and had several silk and lace petticoats underneath. There 
was a huge satin sash bound around the waist that was tied in a large bow.  The 
other item was a silver tiara with a silk veil hanging from it.  The veil was 
edged with pink lace and had leaves embroidered over it.  Another item flew out 
of the portal into Washu hands.  It was a picture from her wedding day.  Tears 
began to trickle down her face.  Her husband's family had viewed her as inferior 
and unworthy of being a member of the family, as she was 'born a mere commoner.'  
So, they abducted Washu's husband and son, leaving Washu all alone.  This 
senselessly cruel act made Washu turn her back on adulthood and so now assumes 
the form of a twelve-year-old girl.  She typed into her computer once more and 
her clothes transformed into her silk pyjamas.  She curled up in her bed and 
cried herself to sleep.
	Everyone slept in late that morning and it was lunchtime before anyone 
bothered to get up.  After a rushed lunch Aeka helped Sasami clean up whilst 
Mihoshi went up to the shrine with Tenchi to receive their chores from Tenchi's 
grandfather Yosho.  Ryoko decided to go see Washu, as she had not shown up for 
lunch.  The crab bell in Washu's lab rang as Ryoko pushed the door open.  She 
looked around but there was no sign of Washu.  She walked inside, the door 
vanishing when she shut it.  Once more she looked around but there was no Washu 
to be seen.  However, Ryoko did spot something else.  Floating in midair in the 
middle of the room were the wedding dress, veil and photograph.  Ryoko floated 
over to get a closer look.  She examined the dress, which, she decided, was very 
beautiful.  She phased out of her green and red outfit and into the dress.  It 
was a perfect fit.  She placed the veil on her head and then wondered what she 
must look like.  She flew over to Washu's computer and began typing.  A mirror 
appeared.  Ryoko stood in front of the mirror and said,
"You are one beautiful demon."
Then, another door appeared in the room.  Washu came out of it and she looked 
dreadful.  She was still dressed in her pyjamas, her eyes were red and her hair 
stuck up all over the place.  She sat on her cushion and stared at nothing.  
Ryoko flew over and waved her hand in front of Washu's face.  Washu blinked and 
looked at Ryoko if she had only just noticed she was there.
"What are you doing here?" She groaned.
"I came to see where you had got to," Ryoko answered, trying not to laugh, "What 
happened to you?"
Washu glared up at her.  The photograph floated over and nudged Ryoko in the 
side.  She scooped it up and glanced at Washu who just sat there staring into 
space.  Ryoko turned the picture over and saw that it was of Washu; wearing the 
dress and veil, and some guy she had never seen before, dressed in a black suit 
and a top hat on top of his blonde curls.
"Is this your wedding day?" Ryoko asked.
Washu didn't seem to hear so Ryoko sent an energy blast into the floor to bring 
her back to reality.
"I'm sorry, did you say something?"
"I said, is this your wedding day?"
Washu looked at the picture and nodded, a pained look on her face.  Ryoko 
spotted it and hurriedly changed back into her original outfit.  She was about 
to leave when Washu said,
"That dress looks good on you, do you want to wear it at your wedding?"
"Can I?"
"Sure."
Ryoko hugged Washu in thanks and left.
'My little baby's all grown up now,' she sighed.

	"Tenchi," Yosho called from his shrine.
"Yes Grandpa?" Tenchi answered, running over.
"Noboyuki tells me that you are to wed Ryoko, is this true?"
"Well, yes."
"Well, congratulations."
"Thanks Grandpa."
Yosho looked up to see Ryoko appear behind Kamidake.  He waved, making Tenchi 
turn around.  Ryoko blew Tenchi a kiss, vanished and reappeared on the steps 
next to Yosho.
"Good morning Ryoko," Yosho greeted her.
"Morning Yosho," Ryoko answered cheerfully.
"I wish you good luck in marrying Tenchi."
"Thanks a lot," Ryoko grinned and then turned to Tenchi, "Honey, I've got my 
wedding dress.  Washu is lending me hers."
"Great.  That's one thing out of the way," Tenchi laughed.
"What do you mean?"
"Well, we need to send out invitations, prepare the reception, book the church, 
choose the best man and bridesmaids and of course the honeymoon."
"We've got a lot to do then."
"Ah huh."
"Okay, let's get the others to help then."
"Great idea."
Ryoko gave him a kiss and popped out of sight.  Tenchi sighed happily.  He leant 
on his broom and stared into the sky.  Who would they invite?

That evening, everyone was gathered in the dining room, drinking sake and making 
plans for the wedding.
Noboyuki was explaining to Mihoshi what the bridesmaids were, Sasami was 
thinking of ideas for the reception party with the help of Aeka and Ryoko and 
Tenchi were thinking up a guest list and where they would go for their 
honeymoon. 
"So, they just stand there while the vicar talks?"  Mihoshi said in a puzzled 
tone.
"That's about it," Noboyuki responded.
"Who are your bridesmaids Ryoko?" Mihoshi asked.
"Um, I don't know.  I was wondering if Sasami and Ryo-ohki would like to do it," 
she answered.
"Oh, yes please," Sasami squealed, clapping her hands in delight.
"Meow," Ryo-ohki mewed, turning into her humanoid form.
 "Have you picked your best man yet Tenchi?" Noboyuki asked seriously.
"I have an idea of who I'd like it to be."
"Who?"
"I'll tell you when I find out if they are available," called Tenchi, picking up 
the phone.
He dialled the number and went out into the hallway.  He returned soon after.
"Right, that's my best man fixed," he grinned.
"So, who is it?"
"Do you remember Amagasaki?" Tenchi asked.
"The fat guy with the big lips and bulbous red nose?" Noboyuki replied.
"That's right."
"Oh.  I liked him."
"Well, he's my best man."
Amagasaki was one of Tenchi's school friends and they hadn't seen each other 
since the day Ryoko and Tenchi first met.  This was because Ryoko had blown the 
school up and repairs were still being made.  At that moment, Washu entered the 
room.
"Yosho says that we can hold the wedding at the shrine," she explained.
"Brilliant that saves us the trouble of booking a church."
"Is the guest list complete?" Asked Washu.
"Yep."
"So who have you invited?"
She picked up the list, which said,

Yosho
Noboyuki
Washu
Aeka
Azusa
Misaki
Funaho
Mihoshi
Sasami
Ryo-ohki
Taro and family (Tenchi barely remembered his cousin's name) 

Tenchi took it from her and scribbled Amagasaki's name onto the list.  
"I'll go write out some invitations then," Tenchi suggested, noting that he only 
needed to write them for his great aunt and Taro's family.  
Washu could probably send a computer invitation to the Jurai royal family and 
the rest of the guests were already present in the room.
"Okay, I think we have everything under control," Ryoko said as Tenchi left the 
room once more.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	

It was now only a few days before the wedding and nearly everything had been 
arranged.  Noboyuki and Yosho had whisked Tenchi off somewhere leaving Ryoko 
sitting in her room, staring at the ring on her finger.  After a while, there 
was a knock on the door.
"Who is it and what do they want?" Ryoko shouted.
An adult Washu opened the door, dressed in a red short-sleeved silk dress and 
brown slippers.
"Ryoko, we have a surprise for you."
"What?"
"You'll have to come downstairs to find out," Washu said, "And you might want to 
put on something more elegant," she added, eyeing Ryoko's loose t-shirt and 
baggy trousers.
"Whatever," Ryoko answered, her clothes changing into a sparkling green mini 
dress, white leather boots that reached up to her thigh and a golden tiara 
adorned her cyan hair.
"Better?" She asked.
"Much better, now come on."
She pulled Ryoko downstairs and into the living room.  Present in the room were 
Aeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, Funaho and Misaki.  Immediately, Misaki leapt up, her 
eyes all big and emotional, and pulled Ryoko into a crushing hug.  Ryoko 
squirmed, trying to push Misaki away and hoping that Ryo-ohki wouldn't walk in 
because last time that happened, Ryoko had been thrown into the wall.  When 
Misaki finally pulled away, Ryoko was able to get a better look at them and the 
surrounding room, which was covered in white streamers and there was a table in 
the centre of the room on which were laid platters of gooey treats and tureens 
of sake.  Sasami and Mihoshi were dressed in matching peach dresses with white 
sashes and white shoes.  Mihoshi's hair was pulled back in her usual ponytail 
and Sasami had done the same except that hers trailed on the floor.  Aeka was 
wearing a kimono similar to her blue and purple one, but this one was yellow, 
orange and red, and her hair hang loosely and, like Sasami's, trailing on the 
floor.  As for Funaho and Misaki, they were dressed in their royal robes.
"What is going on around here?" Ryoko asked.
"It's your Bridal Shower," Mihoshi chirped.
"Okay.  Then where's Tenchi?"
"He's at his..." Aeka paused for a second and then turned to Washu saying, "What 
was it called again?"
"Tenchi's at his Bachelor Party dear," Washu explained, "It's his last party as 
an unmarried man."
"Oh.  So Tenchi gets a party and I get a bath?" Ryoko sulked.
"No," Washu laughed, "We're having a party too, but just for us girls."
"Alright," Ryoko said, cheering up, "Next question. When did they get here?" She 
asked, indicating Funaho and Misaki.
"We arrived a few moments ago," Funaho smiled, "We couldn't miss your bridal 
party."
"Shower," Mihoshi corrected.

	Tenchi stirred his drink as his lounged on a plastic chair.  His party had 
been quite dull so far.  It was only Noboyuki, Yosho and himself here and he was 
becoming tiresome.
"Where are all the other guests?" Yosho asked Noboyuki as he sipped his green 
tea.
"I don't know Father," Noboyuki replied, puzzled, "We told them to be here."
"Maybe they didn't get the invitation."
"Father, there were only two other male guests, excluding Taro and his dad."
"Hmm."
Suddenly, the door burst open and two figures entered.  Tenchi looked up and two 
expressions passed over his face, excitement and horror.  Standing before him 
were Amagasaki and the King of Jurai himself, Azusa.

	"Woo!" Ryoko shouted as she downed her seventeenth cup of sake.
"Ms. Ryoko, you could act a bit more lady like," Aeka hissed.
"Ow, shut up Princess," Ryoko moaned.
Sasami and Misaki laughed as Ryo-ohki fell off her chair and changed into her 
tiny cabbit form.  Mihoshi and Funaho were discussing the Galaxy Police and 
Washu was stuffing herself on treacle tarts and sticky buns.
"Hey, everyone!" Ryoko crowed over the babble of talk, "Let's have a karaoke 
contest."
"Oh me first!" Mihoshi squealed in delight, she had always been a big fan of 
karaoke.
She grabbed the microphone from Ryoko's hand and began singing 'Blue Moon.'

	"Hey Tenchi!" Amagasaki's voice shouted across the room, causing Azusa to 
cover his ears, "I hope you don't mind, that I brought a couple of friends 
along."
"Not at all," Noboyuki replied, "The more the merrier."
"Great.  Okay fellas, you can come on in."
Next thing Tenchi knew was that there was a stampede as all the boys from 
Tenchi's old class and a few he didn't know rushed in to the room.  Meanwhile, 
Yosho had sidled up to Azusa.
"Father," he said in greeting.
"Hello Yosho," Azusa grunted.
"I see you decided to attend."
The king scowled.
"I only came to please my wives."
Yosho turned away to hide a snicker.
"So.  Your grandson is getting married?" He crossed his arms and nodded at 
Tenchi, who was surrounded by the crowd of young men.
"That is correct," Yosho nodded.
"Tell me, who is he to be wed to?" Azusa frowned, hoping that it was not one of 
his daughters.  He did not like Tenchi at all.
"Ryoko, Father."
"The one with the spiky hair," he said casually and then he added slyly, "The 
one you chased to leave Jurai?"
He grinned evilly when he saw Yosho wince.

	"So Tenchi," Amagasaki grinned, finally being able to reach him now that 
the crowd of boys had subsided, "What's this girl like?  Is she pretty?  Does 
she kick butt?  Come on, spill."
Tenchi laughed.
"Ryoko is really great.  She's so beautiful and she's really tough."
"Have you got a picture?" Amagasaki asked eagerly.
"I should do," Tenchi replied, delving into his pocket, "Yeah, here we go."
He pulled a slightly crumpled picture of Ryoko out of his pocket.  She 
straightened it out and showed it to Amagasaki who just stared.  The photo was 
one of Tenchi's favourites.  Ryoko stood, blowing the photographer a kiss, in 
the middle of the carrot field dressed in a purple bikini top, a long lilac 
skirt and violet sandals.  Her hair shone and her eyes sparkled in the sun.
"Wow Tenchi, you are so lucky," Amagasaki gawped, not taking his eyes off the 
picture.
"Hey man, let me see," one of Tenchi's friends called.
"Yeah, and me."
Soon, the photo was snatched from Tenchi's hand and all the boys gaped at 
Tenchi's future bride.
"You old devil, Masaki.  Keeping this girl all to yourself."
"Yeah, she's gorgeous."
"Hey can I have the picture back now?" Tenchi asked.

	Clapping filled the room as toddler Ryo-ohki finished her version of 
Little Bo Peep, complete with actions.  Ryo-ohki blushed with pride and clutched 
the hem of her blue dress with her little paws.
"You were great Ryo-ohki," Sasami cheered.
"That was so adorable," Misaki squealed, throwing herself on Ryo-ohki and giving 
her a huge hug.
"You're a brilliant performer," Funaho congratulated her.
"That's my girl," Ryoko squawked.
"You sweet thing," Washu sighed.
"I like your dress," Mihoshi chirped.
Everyone turned to stare at her.
"What?" She asked.
Everyone burst out laughing.
"Okay, okay," Washu said, trying to calm down herself down as well as everyone 
else, "It's time to vote for the best singer."
She handed out slips of paper and pens.  Everyone scribbled down their choice 
and handed them back to Washu.  She unfolded them one by one.
"One for Aeka," She said, "One for Mihoshi, one for Ryo-ohki, one for Ryoko, one 
for Sasami, one for me and..." Washu said dramatically,  "Another for Ryo-ohki."
Everyone applauded as Sasami hugged Ryo-ohki.
"What did she win?" Sasami squealed excitedly.
"A whole field with an endless supply of carrots!" Washu announced, laughing at 
the expression on Ryo-ohki's face.

	Tenchi was staring into space, not paying attention to Amagasaki, thinking 
about Ryoko when Noboyuki clambered up on to the stage a called for silence.
"Quiet, quiet please.  Thank you.  Um, presenting tonight's entertainment," he 
declared, as music began to play, "Princess Cashmia."
The curtains opened, revealing a painted set made to look like an Arabian 
desert.  A silhouette appeared on the painting.  As the music grew louder and 
louder the silhouette grew smaller and as it reached its highest note, a figure 
came around the edge of the painting and the music stopped.  
Everyone stared.  It was a woman.  She had tanned skin, jet black hair and large 
brown eyes.  She was dressed in a pair of pale blue, semi transparent trousers, 
a deep blue cropped gypsy blouse, curled toed slippers and a pale blue veil was 
draped across half her face.  Everyone cheered and whooped with glee as the 
music began to play again and Princess Cashmia started to dance.  Even Azusa was 
mesmerized.
"What is this?" He asked Yosho.
"Belly dancing."
"Is it some kind of tradition?" Azusa said.
"Not really."
The only person who wasn't watching was Tenchi, who was mopping his bleeding 
nose.

	"Hic, hic, hic," Ryoko hiccupped as she awoke in her bed.
Her face was red and her eyes were bloodshot.  Her head pounded and she was 
extremely dizzy.  Ryoko pulled herself up and stared around.  The room was 
spinning.  Washu entered and saw Ryoko swaying back and forth.
"Oh, Ryoko dear."
Ryoko turned to stare at her through bleary eyes.
"Honey, are you alright?"
Ryoko didn't recognize her at first but when the red hair and green eyes came 
into focus she groaned,
"Oh mom, hic, I don't feel so good, hic."
"I'm not surprised," Washu said, opening the curtains, causing Ryoko to shield 
her eyes.
"You drank thirty-one cups of sake last night."
"Huh? Hic."
"I think you should stay in bed for now," Washu continued as she sat down on the 
bed and produced her computer from thin air.
She began typing and a bottle full of purple coloured liquid and a spoon 
appeared beside her.  She took them from the air and poured some of the liquid 
into the spoon and held it out to Ryoko.
"What's that?" Ryoko asked suspiciously, eyeing the spoon and hiccupping.
"It'll make you feel better," Washu explained.
"I don't want it, hic," Ryoko sulked, sounding like a five year old.
"Come on Ryoko."
"No."
"Fine."
Washu left the spoon floating in midair and typed once more into her computer.  
A peg appeared and clamped itself on to Ryoko's nose.
"Hic, hey!" Ryoko protested and the spoon slid into her mouth.
She swallowed and then stuck her tongue out in disgust.
"That, hic, was terrible," she complained.
"Tough," Washu said, removing the peg from Ryoko's nose.
Ryoko scowled at her but miraculously she felt a bit better.
"You will take a spoonful every hour until dinnertime and then you can come 
down," Washu instructed.
"But that's ages, hic," whined Ryoko.
"Not really," Washu replied, producing a hologram of a clock, which read 1 
o'clock.
"You only have to wait five hours."
"But what am, hic, I supposed to do?" Ryoko asked sulkily.
"Read!" Washu grinned, making a pile of books appear on the table beside Ryoko's 
bed.
"No!" Ryoko whimpered.
But Washu didn't listen and she left the room.  Ryoko glowered but picked up one 
of the books.
"Hmm, Mills and Boons, hic, sounds interesting," and she began to read the first 
chapter.

"Okay, I'll adjust these items of clothing for you sir," the fitter said 
finally.
"Thank you," Tenchi said, pulling on his jeans.
As the man left, he heaved a heavy sighed and collapsed on the bench.  Finally, 
after two hours of standing up straight and struggling to keep still whilst the 
fitter had complained at him constantly.  He pulled his shirt on and stretched, 
buying a suit for the wedding was tiresome.  He lay on the bench and waited.

	"Huh?" Sasami mumbled as Ryo-ohki shook her awake.
"Meow."
"Oh.  It's you Ryo-ohki."
The little cabbit girl was standing in front of her dressed in an Alice in 
Wonderland style dress.  Sasami glanced at the clock and realised that they had 
been in the shop for over two hours.
"Where's Tenchi?" She asked drowsily.
"I'm here Sasami," Tenchi called as he stumbled out of the dressing room, 
carrying a large paper bag.
"Are you done now Tenchi?" Sasami enquired.
"Yeah.  Thanks for waiting, I didn't realise that it would take so long."
"That's alright Tenchi," Sasami yawned.
"You must have been bored stiff.  So I'm going to take you to the toy shop to 
make it up to you," Tenchi said.
Sasami and Ryo-ohki cheered and the three of them left the shop.

	"This is cute.  Oh look at this one," Mihoshi squealed like a little child 
as she delved through the cuddly toys in the shop.
Washu shook her head, watching her from the inflatable sofa in the corner.  She 
stretched out on the sofa, careful not to pop the sofa with the buckles on her 
green boots, and chuckled as Aeka was hit in the face by a flying pink bunny 
rabbit.
"Hey you two," She cried as Aeka retaliated by throwing a green ball at Mihoshi, 
"You'll get us thrown out if you carry on like that."
She sighed when Aeka ignored her and her computer visualized in front of her.  
She entered some data and Aeka froze just as she was about to squash Mihoshi.
"Oh, thank you Miss Washu," Mihoshi whimpered as she moved away from the 
motionless Aeka.
"Think nothing of it Mihoshi," Washu replied as her computer disappeared.
"Hey look at those.  Aren't they cute?" a little girl laughed.
"Someone speaks Mihoshi," Washu sniggered, turning towards the voice.
Sasami dived into the pile of toys, followed by Ryo-ohki, and began picking each 
one up and examining it.
"Should've known it was them," Washu sighed as Tenchi sat on the sofa beside 
her.
"Hi Washu, hi Miss Aeka," Tenchi said breathlessly.
"What happened to you?" Washu asked inquisitively.
"Oh, it took forever to get my suit fitted so I said I'd take Sasami and Ryo-
ohki to the toy shop.  I've had to run to keep up with them," Tenchi moaned 
putting his head in his hands and looking at the floor through his fingers. 
Washu laughed.  Tenchi glanced up at Aeka who hadn't greeted him.
"Hey!  What did you do to Miss Aeka?" He asked, suddenly realising that she was 
immobile in the middle of the shop.
"Oh.  She was bothering me and would have probably got us thrown out so I 
stopped the laws of time and space from running through her," Washu said 
casually.
"What?"
"I stopped her moving," Washu explained irritably.
"Oh right.  Okay, just wondering," Tenchi yawned and relaxed on the sofa.
"You know," he said thoughtfully, "This is quite comfy, should we get one?"
"That's a good idea," Washu agreed.
"What colour?"
"Oh, er, green."
"Okay then."
"Tenchi, Tenchi," Sasami cried, running over to him.
"What is it Sasami?" Tenchi asked, sitting up once more.
"Can I get this?  Please!"
Tenchi looked at the lilac rabbit with a deep purple bow and black eyes that 
Sasami was clutching in her hands.
"I don't see why not," he replied and Sasami's face lit up with delight.
"Meow."
"And you can have that if you want to," Tenchi laughed as Ryo-ohki dragged a 
giant toy carrot with eyes and a smiley mouth.
Mihoshi was still looking through all the toys and giving each one a hug.
"Would you like one Mihoshi?" Washu shouted, making all the people in the shop 
turn to look at the full-grown woman playing with the soft animals.
Mihoshi's eyes shone when she looked at Tenchi as if to say, can I?
Tenchi chortled as he nodded.  Mihoshi immediately grabbed a toy giraffe with 
floppy neck and legs.  He had forgotten how much fun it was to go toy shopping.
"What do you say Washu, shall we all get a toy?"
"What?"
"Come on, it'll be fun," Tenchi laughed and he ran to the toy pile, followed 
closely by Washu.

	"It's not fair," Ryoko muttered crossly as she drifted around her room, 
still dressed in her red nightgown, "They get to go shopping and I have to stay 
here reading and taking foul medicine every hour."
She had speed read all the books on her bed side table and had obediently had 
taken her medicine, this is was partly because Washu had put a timer on the 
spoon so that every hour it would force its way into Ryoko's mouth, giving her a 
dose of medicine.
Ryoko pulled at her hair and then clapped her hands over her mouth.  A shrill 
beeping was issuing through the room.  The spoon and bottle levitated above the 
table and poured the medicine out.  The spoon then floated towards Ryoko.
"Oh no you don't," she shouted, her voice muffled by her hands.
The spoon carried on floating towards her.
"No," she screamed, "I feel fine.  I don't want it."
"Ryoko!"
"Oh no.  Not you.  Go away!" Ryoko thought.
"Come on dear.  It's the last one."
"No!"
"I know you don't like it, but you've had five already without complaining."
"That's because that stupid spoon of yours kept catching me off guard."
"Just drink it."
"Fine," Ryoko growled, reluctantly opening her mouth.
The spoon slipped in and she spluttered as the dreadful liquid trickled down her 
throat.
"Good girl.  See you soon."
"Hmph."

	"So.  What did you bring me?" Noboyuki laughed when the crowd came in 
through the door, not expecting anything really.
"This," Tenchi replied, delving into one of the bags and pulling out a deflated 
inflatable doll, he had thought that his dad would like it.
"Huh? I was only joking," Noboyuki said as Tenchi threw it to him.
"Use this to get a better look at it," Washu added, throwing him a pump.
Noboyuki attached the pump to the doll and began to pump vigorously.  As it 
inflated, it formed a woman with long blonde hair, big blue eyes and dressed in 
a red bikini.
"Wow!" Noboyuki said, his eyes widening in delight.
"Okay, now you blown her up, you can blow this up," Tenchi said, thrusting a 
plastic thing into his hands.
"What's this?"
"An inflatable sofa," Tenchi replied, searching for something among the bags for 
more things.
He tossed Ryo-ohki, Mihoshi and Sasami their toys and they ran off to play with 
them.  Tenchi handed Washu her squashy pink elephant and gave Aeka her white 
teddy, which held a red heart with the words, 'I LOVE YOU' written on it.
"Thank you Lord Tenchi," Aeka said and went to put it in her room.
"Yeah, thank you Tenchi," Washu giggled and went off to her lab.
Tenchi pulled out six more toys and a brown package.
"Got your suit then?" Noboyuki puffed as he put the stopper in the blow up sofa 
and collapsing on it.
"Yep," Tenchi answered, throwing the brown package to him, "Take a look if you 
want.  I've got to deliver these other toys," and he left the room.
He ran out of the house and up to the shrine to drop off Yosho's gift.  He 
knocked on the door.
"Come in Tenchi," Yosho's gruff voice called.
"Hello Grandpa.  I have a gift for you," he said closing the door.
Then he realised that Yosho had company.  Sitting on comfy cushions were Lady 
Funaho and Lady Misaki.  Tenchi flushed as Misaki leapt up and embraced him.
"Hi," he squeaked as he let Misaki hug him.
When she pulled away he handed her a little toy dog with huge brown eyes and a 
little pink tongue.
"Aw, how cute," Misaki squealed, her eyes widening like Sasami's did when she 
was very happy.
Tenchi bowed to her and then to Lady Funaho.
"Hello Tenchi," Funaho smiled.
"Uh hi," Tenchi stammered.
He had always had trouble getting over the fact that the pretty woman sitting in 
front of him was his grandpa's mother.
"Here you are," he stuttered, pushing the toys into Funaho and Yosho's hands.
"Why thank you Tenchi," Funaho said, inspecting the toy dog that looked similar 
to Misaki's except for it had green eyes.
"Yes.  What a nice gift," Yosho laughed as he place his toy tortoise on his 
desk.
Tenchi got up to leave when Yosho said,
"I expect to see you tomorrow morning for practice."
"Aw, do I have to?" Tenchi whined.
"You haven't practiced in a while and you will have probably lost your touch."
"Fine."
He dropped one more toy into Yosho's hands.
"Can you give this to Azusa?" He asked and then he left.
Yosho stared down at the little brown toy in his hands.  It was a little mole 
wearing a tiny gold crown.

	Ryoko looked up as Tenchi entered the room.  She had been floating on her 
back in midair but she turned over when Tenchi entered.  He sat down on her bed 
and she floated down, landing in his lap.
"Miss me?" She asked, laying her head on his chest.
"Hmm, maybe," Tenchi teased, kissing her.
She placed her finger on his nose.
"Come on," she said seductively.
"Alright, yes."
"Good."
"It's a shame you could come shopping," Tenchi said, "But then you were kind of 
drunk.
"That's not my fault."
"Why not?"
"I didn't plan the party."
"Good point."
Ryoko pushed Tenchi down on the bed and lay on top of him.  She noticed that 
Tenchi was clutching something.
"What's this?" She asked, taking one of the things from Tenchi.
"A present," Tenchi struggled, "For you."
"Aw, you shouldn't have," Ryoko cooed, giving her little toy devil a hug.
"I thought you'd like it," Tenchi said.
"Did it remind you of me?"
Tenchi blushed but said nothing.  He pushed Ryoko off and left the room, 
clutching his own little devil in his hand.
"It did, didn't it?" Ryoko whispered to herself and transported herself 
downstairs.

	Ryoko stumbled when she landed because she had tripped over Ryo-ohki who 
was playing with her cuddly carrot.
"Still dizzy I see," someone said from behind her.
"Shut up Washu."
"That's no way to talk to your mother."
"I don't ca...Ow!"
Ryoko looked in the mirror as a pink patch appeared on her cheek.  An invisible 
hand had slapped her.  She turned to look at Washu who had one finger pressed 
down on a single key on her computer.
"Why you," Ryoko growled, reaching out to strangle Washu.
"Ms. Ryoko!" Aeka shrieked as she came into the room.
"Not you as well," Ryoko moaned, "I wish I'd stayed in bed."
"Hmph," Aeka fumed.
"Thank you Miss Aeka," Washu said.
Aeka just glared at her.  She hadn't quite forgiven Washu for freezing her in 
the shop.
"Dinner everyone," Sasami called from the doorway, her rabbit tucked in the 
pocket of her apron.  
"Good," Washu said, sweeping passed the glaring Ryoko and Aeka towards the 
dining room.
Mihoshi stumbled out of the kitchen carrying a large tuna casserole in her 
gloved hands.
"Where do you want it Sasami?" She asked as she tripped over Ryo-ohki.
The bowl flew out of her hands, only to be caught by Noboyuki who had just 
walked in.
"The table please," Sasami said as she picked Ryo-ohki up and placed her on the 
sofa.
Noboyuki placed it on the table and assured the blushing Mihoshi that it was an 
accident and she hadn't broken anything.
Ryoko and Aeka sat opposite each other at the table, looking daggers at each 
other when Aeka spotted Ryoko's toy.
"What is that Ms. Ryoko?" She sneered; she hadn't seen Tenchi pick the toys.
"It's a little devil," Ryoko snapped, hugging her toy very tightly, "Tenchi 
picked it out for me.  It reminds him of me."
"What, because it looks like you.  Yes I can see the resemblance," Aeka laughed 
cruelly.
"Aw," Ryoko growled, resisting the temptation to shoot a blast of energy into 
Aeka's smirking face.
"What's wrong Ms. Ryoko?" Aeka taunted.
Ryoko was silently counting to ten.
"Cat got your tongue?"
   Ryoko's eyes snapped open.  She lunged at Aeka but the princess's chair shot 
backwards out of the way.  Ryoko fell to the floor with a bang.
"Hey," she protested as she pulled herself up.
"No fighting at the table," Washu said sternly, continuing to type into her 
computer.
"Oh thank you Miss Washu hmmm, mmm, mmm," Aeka's voice became muffled as an 
invisible hand clapped across her mouth.
"Hah," Ryoko laughed.
"Will you all stop it," Mihoshi begged, pulling her apron off.
"Yeah, it's deafening listening to you three fight," Tenchi said, sitting down 
at the table.  He turned to look at Washu saying, "Little Washu, I thought you 
knew better."
Washu shrugged.

	After dinner, Washu and Ryoko had disappeared into the lab and Tenchi, 
Aeka, Mihoshi and Noboyuki were drinking sake, leaving Sasami and Ryo-ohki to 
clean up.  Sasami washed and cabbit girl Ryo-ohki dried.  Their toys sat on the 
table, watching.  They had just finished when Washu's voice called,
"Sasami, Ryo-ohki, can you come in here please."
Sasami and Ryo-ohki stared at each other but hurried out of the kitchen and 
through the door under the stairs to Washu's lab.  They were transported to the 
woodland part of the laboratory where Washu and Ryoko were bending over 
something.
"Ah, here they are," Washu said, looking up.
Ryoko stood up and moved aside.  The things that were floating beside her made 
Sasami and Ryo-ohki gasp in delight.  There hovered two identical pink dresses.  
The bodice was made of pink satin with thick pink lace sewn across it and the 
collar was made of pink and white lace.  The sleeves were puffed on the 
shoulders and then they widened at the cuff.  The satin skirt hung loosely above 
two pale pink silk petticoats.  Bows were hung around the hem and little roses 
were at fastened around the waist.  There were also two pairs of pink gloves 
lined with silver, two pairs of pink slippers and two little crowns of cherry 
blossoms.
"What do you think?" Ryoko asked.
"They're beautiful," Sasami gushed and Ryo-ohki gave an appreciative mew.
"You think so?" Ryoko grinned and typed something into Washu's computer and the 
costumes vanished.
A mirror appeared in their place.  Washu pushed Sasami and Ryo-ohki towards 
them.  The girls gazed into the mirror and grinned happily.  They were wearing 
the dresses, gloves, slippers and headpieces.  Sasami's hair was tied up in two 
buns with little veils on them and Ryo-ohki had a bow on each of her ears.
"You look amazing," Mihoshi said, wandering into the lab.
"Oh look, it's the air head," Ryoko muttered quietly.
"I thought you'd want something to drink," said Mihoshi, producing a tray.
"Yeah, why not," Washu stated sitting down on her cushion.
"Come to mention it, I am quite thirsty," Ryoko said thoughtfully.
She floated over and snatched a cup of sake from the tray.  Mihoshi stumbled 
slightly.  Sasami took the drink of orange squash from her and handed Ryo-ohki 
her carrot juice.  Worrying that the cabbit might spill her drink down her 
dress, Washu hurriedly changed the girls back into their original outfits.
"So," she said to Mihoshi, "Have you got your dress yet?"
"Huh?"
"Oh Mihoshi," Sasami sighed.
"What?"
"You'll need a new dress for the wedding Mihoshi," Washu explained.
"Oh.  Well, uh, okay."
"Would you like me to whip one up for you?" Washu asked.
Mihoshi nodded quickly.  Washu typed into her computer and Mihoshi was draped in 
a piece of white fabric.
"Okay.  Long or short skirt?"
"Uh, long."
"Short or long sleeves?"
"Short."
"Colour?"
"Blue."
"Sash?"
"Oh yes."
"Colour of sash?"
"Red."
"Alright then."
Washu finished inputting the data to her computer.  The fabric around Mihoshi 
began to alter itself.  It tightened around the waist, joined together at the 
back and stretched on the sleeves.  A red sash tied itself around her waist and 
two silver shoulder plates appeared on the sleeves.  The mirror glided over to 
Mihoshi who clapped her hands in glee at the sight of herself.
"So?  What do you think?" Washu asked.
"It's brilliant," Mihoshi squealed.
"I know," Washu said smugly, "That was easy for the most scientific genius in 
the universe."
Everyone rolled their eyes.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	

	The night before the wedding arrived.  Sasami was kept busy in the 
kitchen, preparing delicious meals for the reception, Mihoshi, Aeka and Tenchi 
were up at the shrine, sweeping and cleaning, Washu was working in her lab and 
Ryoko was keeping Ryo-ohki entertained by playing hide and seek with her.
"Ryoko," Sasami shouted, "Can you fetch some carrots from the shed?  I can't get 
away right now."
"Fine," Ryoko said, pulling Ryo-ohki out from under the sofa, "Found you," she 
grinned.
She transported into the shed and picked up a basket of carrots, careful not to 
allow Ryo-ohki to pinch any, and teleported back into the kitchen.  She dumped 
them on the table.  A harassed Sasami threw a bunch of them into the sink and 
stirred a large pot of vegetable stew on the stove.
"Need help?" Ryoko asked as Sasami rushed across the kitchen to retrieve a pie 
from the window.
"Please," Sasami answered, retying her hair in a ponytail.
Ryoko took the carrots from the sink and began to peel them.  She chopped them 
up into slices and carried them over to Sasami, who was pulling a large pastry 
from the oven.
"Where do you want them?" Ryoko asked.
"In there," Sasami pointed vaguely at the pot.
Ryoko tossed them in and stirred them around.  Sasami whisked a bowl of egg 
whites and sugar together whilst stirring another bowl full of icing with her 
other hand.
"Ryoko, can you take that pot off the stove now," Sasami shouted as she poured 
the egg white mixture on to a large silver plate and putting it into the fridge.
Ryoko picked the pot off the light with her bare hands and put it on a trivet.
"Anything else?"
"Yeah.  Can you take that cake out of the oven and then whisk that cream."
Ryoko did what she was told and Sasami washed strawberries, melted chocolate and 
made a salad and Ryo-ohki sat and watched them.

	Aeka finished sweeping the stone floor by the shrine and held up her 
lantern.
"How are you doing Lord Tenchi?" She shouted.
"Fine Miss Aeka," Tenchi's voice echoed from above her.
He was up in the trees, hanging ribbons and little white lights in its branches.  
Mihoshi was struggling to lay the carpet on the ground.  It kept wrinkling up 
and she was crying with frustration.
"What is wrong?" Aeka asked irritably.
"I can't set this rug straight," Mihoshi whimpered.
"Is that all?"
Aeka stomped over and pulled the carpet, causing the folds to disappear.  
Mihoshi smiled weakly.  Yosho came out, carrying a stack of plastic chairs.
"Can you two help me set these out?" He called to Aeka and Mihoshi.
They positioned the chairs on either side of the rug and then placed a cushion 
on each one.  They looked up when Tenchi leapt down from the tree.
"Everything set up?" He asked.
They nodded, looking at their handiwork.
"Great, let's go back then."

Everyone went to bed early that night except Sasami.  They all felt guilty about 
leaving her to slave away in the kitchen until late that night but she refused 
any more help from anyone.  Aeka and Mihoshi fell asleep straight away as did 
Noboyuki, Tenchi and Washu.  Ryoko however lay awake.  She was restless.  Her 
little devil's horns glowed bright red, illuminating her face.  She scrunched up 
in her duvet and tried to daydream herself into a peaceful slumber.  After hours 
of failing this she kicked her bedclothes off her bed and phased through the 
wall into Tenchi's room.  He lay asleep, clutching his toy close to him.
"Tenchi," Ryoko whispered.
"Mmm," Tenchi mumbled in his sleep.
Ryoko floated down towards him and waved his hand in front of his face but he 
didn't stir.  She grinned and flew down to the floor.
"Hmm," she muttered quietly, "I wonder what it would be like in that devil's 
position?"
She slowly prised the doll from Tenchi's hands and threw it aside.  She then 
shrunk herself to the same size as the toy and slipped into Tenchi's arms.  She 
then resized herself.
'Much better,' she thought as she snuggled up to him and fell asleep.

	Tenchi prised his eyes open when his alarm went off and came face to face 
with a sleeping Ryoko.  He had to clap his hand over his mouth to stop himself 
from yelling.  He eased himself away from her and slid out of bed.
"How'd she get there?" He murmured to himself.
She lay there in her blue silk nightdress and silver slippers looking very 
peaceful.  Tenchi gulped as she turned over mumbling,
"Come here."
Thinking that she must be talking in her sleep, Tenchi pulled on his navy 
dressing gown and crept downstairs.  He found Sasami asleep at the table, still 
dressed in her clothes from night before.  He smiled and whispered,
"Thank you Princess Sasami."
He went into the kitchen and gasped.  Before him stood tureens of soup, platters 
of chicken, fish, lamb and beef, bowls of various vegetables, plates of pies, 
biscuits, puddings, ice cream and a large white three layer cake covered with 
white icing, pink sugar roses and violets and on the top of it were two marzipan 
figures that were miniature replicas of Ryoko and Tenchi under an edible arch 
adorned with ribbons.
"Good isn't it?"
Tenchi jumped as Washu beamed up at him.
"Washu, do you have to sneak up on me like that?" Tenchi asked irritably.
Washu just blinked innocently as though she didn't know what he was talking 
about.
"Breakfast?" enquired Tenchi, pulling out a frying pan from the cupboard on the 
wall and placing it on the stove.
Washu nodded.  Tenchi took a couple of eggs from the fridge and cracked them 
into the heated pan.
"How does scrambled egg on toast sound?"
Washu grinned and popped two slices of bread into the toaster.  Before she could 
push the button down, Tenchi twiddled the knob so that the toast wouldn't burn 
and then allowed Washu to push the button.  Tenchi stirred the eggs up so they 
heaped up into a bubbly pile.  When they had fully cooked he spooned them on to 
the freshly baked toast and he and Washu went back to the table where Sasami lay 
sleeping.  They munched their breakfast silently.  Sasami stirred occasionally 
but she did not wake.
"Poor thing," Tenchi said.
"Yeah, she was up all night cooking."
"What?  Oh dear.  No wonder she's tired."
"I hope she can still attend the wedding."
Tenchi nodded.

	"Ah, I feel so much better," Ryoko sighed as she sat up and stretched.
She gazed around to find that Tenchi's room was deserted.
"Hey!" She whined, "Where'd Tenchi go?"
She felt slightly hurt that he had left without waking her.  She scowled, 
crossed her arms and floated down the stairs.  She spotted Tenchi having 
breakfast with Washu.  She turned transparent and flew into the room.  She 
floated behind Tenchi listening to their conversation but it wasn't very 
interesting.  They were talking about Sasami.  She became visible and settled in 
the chair beside Tenchi.
"Morning Ryoko," Tenchi said, finishing his toast.
"Morning," she said stiffly.
"Sleep well?" Washu asked.
"Yep," she replied, glancing slyly at Tenchi who was turned red.
Washu rolled her eyes and Ryoko slid herself into Tenchi's lap.
"Are you excited?" She asked.
"Uh, yeah."
"You don't sound so positive."
"I am," Tenchi assured her.
Ryoko gave Tenchi a wide smile and gave him a huge kiss.  Tenchi's face burned 
furiously.
"Hmph!" 
Ryoko looked up as Aeka entered, scowling indignantly.
"Good morning Princess," she smiled.
"Hello Ms. Ryoko."
Tenchi gave her a wave and Washu did the same.  Aeka sat down and glanced at 
Sasami.
"Was she up all night?" She asked in a worried tone.
Washu nodded.
"Oh dear."
"What's wrong?" Mihoshi arrived in the room, looking very perky.
"You look strangely wide awake Mihoshi," Washu declared with admiration.
Mihoshi ignored her and just repeated her question.
"What's wrong?"
"Nothing really important Mihoshi," Tenchi said, "Sasami was just up all night 
making the food for the party."
"Oh," Mihoshi waved her hand in front of Sasami's face, "Oh my."
Sasami's eyes twitched and then slowly opened.
"Huh?  Is it morning already?" She yawned.
She heaved her head off the table and rubbed her eyes.  She looked quite pale.  
She got off her chair and swayed slightly where she stood.  Her eyes drooped and 
then she toppled over or she would have done if Mihoshi hadn't caught her.
"Hmm," Washu muttered, her computer appearing in front of her.
A portal opened and a bottle flew out.  This one was full of a pink and white 
striped liquid.  Washu held it up to the lethargic Sasami.  Slowly, Sasami took 
it in her hands but didn't do anything.
"Drink it," Washu commanded.
Gradually, Sasami lifted the bottle to her lips and allowed it to trickle down 
her throat.  Sasami's eyes widened as she drained the bottle and the colour 
returned to her skin.
"Mmm, that was delicious," she said, wiping her mouth.
Ryoko scowled at Washu.
"How come she got nice tasting medicine?" She whined.
"Because she's younger and was in a different condition to you," Washu answered.
Ryoko's eyes narrowed dangerously.

	"Where is it?" Aeka shrieked, tearing her room apart.
Washu, who was the only one not doing anything at that very moment, strolled in.
"What's the matter?" She asked casually.
Aeka continued to throw things around the room and didn't seem to hear her.
"What's the matter?" Washu shouted.
Aeka looked up, holding a pillow and her bear.
"I can't find my dress," she frowned, throwing the objects aside.
"What?  The purple one with yellow flowers printed on it?" Enquired Washu.
"That's it.  Did you see it?"
"Nope."
Aeka glowered at Washu, her face turning purple with anger.  She went back to 
searching for dress.  Washu watched her, leaning on the doorway, her arms 
folded.  She glanced up and spotted a bundle of material hanging from the 
rafters.
"Is that it?" She asked, pointing.
Aeka looked up and blushed.  She pulled up a chair and pulled the dress down.
"Oh, I bet that monster put it up there," she scowled.
"Put what up there Princess?"  Ryoko asked, sticking her head through the door.
"You put my dress up there didn't you Ryoko?"
"I have no idea what you are talking about Princess," said Ryoko and her 
expression showed it.
"If you ask me Miss Aeka," Washu said, "I reckon that you must have thrown it up 
there accidentally when you were looking for it."
Aeka frowned but shrugged.  Ryoko's head vanished and Washu left.  Aeka shut the 
door and changed into her new gown.  She smiled as she examined herself in front 
of the mirror.  She pulled her hair out of its usual style and slowly brushed 
her hair.

	The afternoon approached quickly.  Soon guests were arriving at the shrine 
where Yosho greeted them and showed them to his or her seats.  Nearly all the 
guests were to sit on Tenchi's side and only Washu sat on Ryoko's.  She felt a 
bit stupid, a twelve-year-old girl dressed in a smart green suit with a long 
tight fitting skirt, green shoes and a neat green beret that hid most of her 
pink hair.  She had had no choice in showing up in her child form as Taro and 
his mother were showing up.  Taro was Tenchi's cousin's son and Washu had looked 
after him when Tenchi had to baby-sit him so of course it would look very 
strange if she showed up in her adult form.  She sighed when little Taro, now 
three years old, waved to her saying 'mama.'  She looked around, Tenchi stood at 
the alter, with the vicar, dressed in a black pair of trousers, crisp white 
shirt, black jacket, matching bow tie and a pink flower was attached in his 
pocket.  Amagasaki stood beside him dressed in similar clothes except that he 
had a white flower instead on pink.  Sasami and Ryo-ohki stood nervously at the 
other end of the plum coloured carpet, dressed in their pretty costumes and 
clutching their posies.  As they passed by the two small children, everyone 
commented on how cute they looked, causing them to blush.  Mihoshi ran up the 
steps, stumbling in her blue high heels and sat beside Washu.
"Why are you sitting here?" Washu whispered; as she watched Aeka, dressed in her 
gown and her hair tied in an elegant purple bun, sit down beside Misaki.
"There's no room on the other side," Mihoshi shrugged.
Washu went back to looking around.  Noboyuki was talking to Tenchi who shook his 
head.  She glanced at her hi tech watch and then peered around for Ryoko who 
should be arriving soon.  

After a few minutes, footsteps echoed up the stone steps leading to the shrine.  
Ryoko had promised that she would not teleport or fly to the shrine.  She 
reached the top of the stairs, panting for breath, clutching her bouquet.  She 
straightened up when everyone turned to look at her.  Her hair was freshly 
washed and pale bronze eye shadow highlighted her yellow eyes.  The dress she 
was wearing fitted around her body perfectly, showing off her best points and 
the veil trailed on the floor behind her; Washu had lengthened it for her.  She 
smiled at Tenchi and then linked arms with Yosho.  They walked up the aisle with 
Sasami and Ryo-ohki walking behind them.  Ryoko's spirits soared; finally she 
was getting married.  Her heart began to beat faster when she reached Tenchi at 
the alter.  Yosho released her from his grip and she stood next to Tenchi who 
gave her an encouraging smile.

"Dearly beloved," the vicar began, "We are gathered here today to witness the 
joining of Ryoko Hakubi and Tenchi Masaki in Holy matrimony."
The vicar droned on his dull dreary voice.  Mihoshi yawned and Washu nudged her 
in the ribs.  Taro gurgled, Noboyuki was swaying in his seat, Misaki was all 
wide eyed; tears were streaming from them and Aeka was fiddling with the hem on 
her dress.
"Tenchi Masaki, would thou have this woman to thy wedded wife?  To live together 
after God's ordinance in the Holiest state of matrimony?  Will thou love her, 
comfort her, honour and keep her in sickness and in health and forsaking all 
other, give thee onto her so long as you both shall live?"  The vicar asked.
"I do," Tenchi replied.
"Ryoko Hakubi, would thou have this man to thy wedded husband?  To live together 
after God's ordinance in the Holiest state of matrimony?  Will thou obey him 
obey and serve him?  Will thou love him, comfort him, honour and keep him in 
sickness and in health and forsaking all other, give thee only onto him so long 
as you both shall live?" The vicar asked Ryoko.
"I do," Ryoko answered.
The vicar looked up at the guests.
"If anyone has a reason that this couple should not be wed, may they speak now 
or forever hold their piece."
Aeka twisted the hem of her skirt.  Should she stop the wedding?  She looked up 
at Tenchi and Ryoko.
'Tenchi looks so happy and I should want what's best for him,' she thought.
She bit her lip and said nothing.
"Then, by the power invested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife," he 
looked at Tenchi, "You may kiss the bride."
Tenchi and Ryoko embraced each other and pressed their lips together for their 
first kiss as a married couple.  Everyone cheered.  Tears were streaming from 
Mihoshi's eyes.
"I'm so moved," she cried.
Washu mopped her eyes.
"That's my girl," she whispered, "All grown up."
The photographer took photos of the happy bride and groom and then everyone 
headed down to the Masaki house.  

	The food was all laid out on the table, which was covered with a mint 
green tablecloth.  Everyone helped himself or herself to the delicious cooking 
and they all commented on how fantastic it tasted, making Sasami glow with 
pride.  When everyone had finished their meal, Noboyuki switched on the CD 
player, sending music blaring into the room.  Everyone danced.  Tenchi danced 
with all the girls but mainly Ryoko.  Mihoshi talked non-stop to Funaho and Ryo-
ohki performed her Twinkle, Twinkle and Little Bo Peep dances and received 
applauses from everyone.  Washu looked after Taro and was careful about crying.

Finally, the party over, everyone wanted to see the bride and groom off, which 
worried Ryoko and Tenchi slightly as they were going on a honeymoon in space but 
they shrugged it off.  Picking up cabbit Ryo-ohki, Ryoko threw her into the air.  
Ryo-ohki meowed noisily and transformed into a black and red spaceship.  
However, before leaving, Ryoko took Aeka to one side and whispered,
"Why didn't you stop the wedding?"
Aeka looked at her feet and replied,
"Because Lord Tenchi looked so happy and I guess I want what's best for him."
Ryoko smiled and threw her arms around Aeka.
"You know, you're alright for a spoilt Princess, did you know that Aeka?"
Aeka frowned but then she laughed.
"And I suppose you're alright for an ugly demon if Tenchi likes you."
A beam of light appeared from Ryo-ohki.
"Gotta go, see you soon Princess," Ryoko called as she ran to where Tenchi was 
waiting.
"Yes, see you soon Mrs Ryoko."
Ryoko and Tenchi waved to her and all their guests. 
"Bye!" They called as they sped away, Ryo-ohki meowing as they went, and leaving 
some of the guests staring at them in amazement.

	Ryoko and Tenchi walked back to their hotel, hand in hand.
"Mmm, that was a wonderful day," Ryoko sighed.
Once more she looked at her rings and then she and Tenchi disappeared into their 
room.

THE END





1


