Disclaimer: OOO Boy, I don't physically own Tenchi Muyo so I have to say I don't 
own them or I'll get sued by the people who do own them! Material possession 
sucks!
 
Author's note: This is the first installment in my Tenchi Fanfic series Joe. 
There's more on the way so don't fret, the next episode will appear on the next 
update. I sincerely hope you enjoy my work because this is the first story I 
have ever written. But enough about me, on with the fic!

Scene 1: Clearing in the forest

Ryoko: Oh Tenchi's gonna love this!
	(Ryoko trots along in the clearing and pauses in the middle.)
Ryoko: Now lets see... Sasami's making Dinner... Kyone, Mihoshi, and Aeka are at 
the store... Washu is Probably working in her lab... Grampa and Nobuyuki are at 
the temple... That mean's! Tenchi's all to my self! Hahaha!
	(Ryoko laughs with glee and begins her march back to the house but it is 
cut short for there's someone in the way. It's a man. He has light brown hair 
and is wearing a blue sport coat with his hands in the pockets. A rush of fear 
goes through her as she pears at his face. His eyes were as large as they could 
be and he was smiling as wide as he could. He had a sinister and almost 
psychotic stare that shot shivers down Ryoko's spine.)
Man: Hello there, would you be so kind as to tell me if you've seen anyone by 
the name of Joe around here? I've been looking for him quite a long time.
	(All Ryoko could do was shake her head no for she was still in shock from 
the facial expression. But when he saw her response his face darkened to an 
angry frown.)
Man: Your lying!
	(The frown was easier to stomach so she was able to speak)
Ryoko: No, I haven't seen anyone by the name of Joe around here.
Man: Tell me now!
Ryoko: Hey, I don't have to take orders from you!
Man: Tell me or I'll...!
Ryoko: Or you'll do what?!
Man: Well, beat it out of you, of course.
Ryoko: Oh is that a challenge? Well I'd like to see you hit me!
	(Ryoko is feeling confident that this guy probably can't do the things 
she's able to do. Ryoko gathers energy into her hands and fires it at the man. 
Surprisingly, the man easily dodges it and leaps at Ryoko. She's just barely 
able to evade the stranger's attack by leaping in to the air. The man is 
startled by this but quickly compensates by pulling out a 9-mm semi-automatic 
and begins to fire at Ryoko. She once again try's to evade the man's attack but 
is caught in the leg by one of his shots. She falls to the ground in agony 
clutching her leg.)
Man: Well I hit you, hehe. Now tell me! Where is Joe?!
Ryoko: I already told you, I don't know who he is and I don't know what your 
talking about!
Man: Wrong Answer!
	(The man runs up and kicks Ryoko so hard that she slides 20 feet back and 
slams into a tree. Right as she begins to regain her senses he knees her in the 
stomach knocking the wind out of her, crashing her up against the same tree. He 
then leaps back, pulls out his gun and shoots her in the legs repeatedly.)
Ryoko: AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
	(Ryoko screams out in pain clutching her now steadily bleeding legs. Her 
eyes begin to fill with tears.)
Ryoko: What do you want from me!
Man: The location of Joe.
Ryoko: For the last time I don't know!
Man: Fine, if you won't tell me where Joe is, then you die.
	(The man points his Pistol at Ryoko's face from about three feet away. 
Ryoko looks at the man in disbelief with tears running down her face. He slowly 
begins to pull the trigger when the gun is suddenly shot out of his hands. The 
man slowly turns toward the shooter.)
Man: Ahhh, Joe, I knew you were here.
	(Ryoko looks over and to her surprise, it's a boy, around the age of 15, 
wearing a U.S. army uniform. Behind him is a double suspension mountain bike, a 
helmet colored like the American flag, and a small backpack. The boy is pointing 
a rather large hand gun at the man, almost twice the size of the man's semi-
automatic.)
Boy: Step away from the girl Sean!
	(The man turns and faces the boy with his hands in the air)
Man: I'm so happy to see you Joe. It's been a long time.
Boy: I don't think 3 months is a very long time.
Man: For someone as well fitted as myself, 3 months can seem like an eternity to 
get what you want.
Boy: Ya I'll bet.
Man: Hahaha! Optimistic as always, that's what I like about you Joe. So, I hear 
your off the school side program and are looking for a place to live. Japan is 
an interesting choice for someone like you. Why Japan Joe? Why not Soviet Union? 
There, we could be neighbors and see each other every day. Hahaha!
Boy: I don't think I could stand your ugly face every day for even a week. Japan 
is quiet and it's easy to get lost in the crowd, a good hiding place.
Man: I guess it wasn't good enough, I found you didn't I?
Boy: Ya, well I haven't started hiding yet. So I guess that's the reason you're 
here. To finally beat me one on one, is that it?
Man: Sharp as always.
Boy: Sorry to disappoint you but I'm not going to fight you today.
Man: There's only one way to not fight me today and that's to kill me right now.
Boy: You know I never kill a man unless he attacks me first or he has a weapon.
Man: That's why I'm so confident that you'll except my offer.
	(Just then, an animal makes a noise off to the side which catches the eye 
of the boy. The man uses this opportunity to grab for his gun. The boy catches 
this but is unable to get a clean shot from the fact that the man has retained 
his gun and is rolling to a nearby bush to reload. The boy strafes off to the 
side to try and get a good shot at him but the man came out firing. The boy had 
to duck and roll but then returned fire. He noticed that the man was heading for 
a specific bush now, the one where he had hid his pack. The boy tries to stop 
him but it's to late, the man makes a final lunge toward the bush and rolls 
inside. He uses this time to grab his second rather large pistol and grab a few 
cartridges while he's at it.)
Boy: I can't believe I let my guard down!
	(The man leaps out of the bush firing and the boy does the same duck and 
roll maneuver. He's able to hide behind a tree and realizes that the man was 
firing an Uzi at him. The boy begins to work out a strategy in his head to 
compensate the Uzi.)
Man: I know where you are Joe. Come out and fight!
	(The boy suddenly leaped out from a bush behind the man and kicks him hard 
in the jaw. The strategy was use the forest to his advantage. They began to 
fight in a one on one brawl of shooting and hand to hand combat. It looked as if 
they were doing a vicious warlike ballet. All Ryoko could do is sit there wide 
eyed and in shock from just watching them at the rate that they were fighting.)
Ryoko: (in head) How could they move that fast, it almost looks as if there 
dodging the bullets.
	(The fight went on, running and jumping in all directions, bullets flying 
out of the trees, and furious punching and kicking at each other. When one would 
run out of bullets, he would reload in a flash of hand movements and things 
falling to the ground. They fought at such a rate that they began to kick up 
dust, so much dust that neither they or Ryoko could see each other. When the 
dust cleared, Ryoko saw the two facing each other, guns drawn, from only a few 
feet away. Cartridges from their weapons were strewn about all the floor of the 
clearing. Then the two pulled their triggers in unison, no shots went off.)
Boy: Out of bullets.
Man: I guess now we go completely hand to hand.
	( The two toss their guns off to the side and get in the fighting stance 
that best suited them.)
Man: I'm not going to loose today Joe.
Boy: Well, then I guess we have something in common because I'm not going to 
loose today either.
	(They then both pounce at each other and locked into a barrage of kicks, 
punches, and blocks. They fight on and on, unknowing of their suroundings or the 
captive, and slowly bleeding, audience which sat at her tree. Slowly through all 
the commotion, the boy began to get hit after hit through the mans evasive 
blocks and the battle slowly began to way only on the boy. Before long it was 
only the boy punching and kicking, the man was now bloody and bruised all over. 
The boy does one final punch to the stomach which brings the man to his knees 
groaning from the pain. The boy walks back over to his backpack and pulls out 
one last cartridge for his gun. He pops the cartridge in and points the weapon 
at the man.)
Boy: Go, get out of here Sean, and never come back!
Man: You're letting me go?
Boy: I don't have the authority to kill you right now but I'm thinking about 
doing it anyway, so before I change my mind...
Man: Ha! You coward! You're going to wish you never let me go, now I'm going to 
make it my duty to make yours and her life as miserable as possible!
Boy: How!
Man: It's easy of course, all I have to do is kill everyone that you're 
associated with. That's how I'll have my revenge! Hahahahaa!
(The man then turned around and limped off humming the Soviet national anthem.)
Boy: (relieved) Wew! I got here just in time, any longer and you'd be dead.
Ryoko: What did he mean by "associates"?
	(Boy crouches next to Ryoko)
Boy: Lets have a look at those wounds, oh your bleeding pretty bad, good thing I 
have a medkit.
Ryoko: You still didn't answer my question.
(The boy gets up and walks over to his pack.)
Boy: Oh, he meant like family and friends, you know, like Tenchi and Sasami. 
Those kind of people.
Ryoko: Oh my god... Hay! Wait a minute! How do you know about Tenchi and Sasami?
	(The boy began to look through his pack.)
Boy: Oh that was easy. Ahhh, here it is.
	(The boy stood up with the medkit in hand)
Boy: I read your mind.
Ryoko: What?! How?!
Boy: It's an ability I've had all my life. I can see whatever you're directly 
thinking about from a distance and if I'm touching you, I can access any part of 
your subconscious. Sorry if it scared you Ryoko but I sometimes do stuff like 
that on accident.
 	(The boy kneeled down and began to wrap Ryoko's legs in gaws.)
Ryoko: I see. Ouch! Who was that guy?
Boy: That was an old enemy of mine named Sean. All I know is that he was trained 
by the Soviets as a professional killer of top quality fighters. What they 
didn't expect is him going insane and killing his commanding officer. Ever since 
then, he's been a killer for hire and a professional bounty hunter. He was never 
hired to kill me but when I beat him in close combat, he developed a grudge and 
has been trying to kill me ever sense. You saw how much he wanted me, he was 
even willing to kill a defenseless women to get my whereabouts. There we go, 
these should hold you until we get to the house. Hopefully Washu can fix you up.
	(The boy then gets up and walks to his bike.)
Ryoko: That's a nice bike.
Boy: Thanks, I've used it in training exercises so I asked if I could keep it 
when I left. They were graces enough to give it and $500,000 to me when I left. 
As if $500,000 is going to make me feel better! Damn Bastards!
	(The boy began to swiftly disassemble the bike for travel purposes.)
Ryoko: Who? Who made you leave Joe, if that is your name?
Boy: Yes, (snickers) my name is Joseph Williams but you can call me Joe. The 
comity at the special forces base. They basically gave me a forced vacation and 
told me to go find a new place to live for awhile. I just feel so loved when I'm 
kicked out of my home for not being good enough!
	(Joe then straps the bits and pieces of the bike to his pack along with 
his helmet. He places the pack on and walks toward Ryoko.)
Ryoko: I'm sorry to hear that Joe but I can't walk and I've lost so much blood 
that I'm too week to fly.
Joe: Not to worry, I'm just going to carry you all the way home so not to hurt 
your legs. Upsydaisy!
	(Joe picks up Ryoko into his arms and begins to carry her in the direction 
of the house.)
Joe: Hay, what's this?
Ryoko: Oh, this is cologne for Tenchi.
Joe: Ahhh, yes, the present. Almost forgot about that. I'm sure he'll love it.
Ryoko: Do you think? I've been looking for the perfect thing and this is all I 
could come up with. I really hope he likes because...
	(Ryoko quickly stops herself and blushes in embarrassment.)
Ryoko: Sorry, I got a little carried away.
Joe: I can see that you really want the perfect thing for him.
Ryoko: Can we get on to the subject of what the hell are you talking about?
Joe: (laughing) Alright, I guess we can.
	(Joe began from the beginning of his story, of how he had gotten to 
Japan.)

Scene 2: House

	(Sasami is diligently working on dinner. She then stops and pears out the 
window.)
Sasami: (thinking to herself) I wonder when the others are getting back?
Washu: Hey, Sasami.
	(Sasami turns around only to find Washu leaning on the doorway watching 
her prepare dinner.)
Sasami: Oh, hi Washu, what's up?
Washu: Did you hear any explosions in the last few hours?
Sasami: I did hear some odd thunder from outside but there's no clouds in the 
sky.
Washu: Yes, that's what I wanted to investigate.
	(Just then Joe and Ryoko walked in.)
Ryoko: So they put you off duty just because you failed the test.
Joe: Ya.
Ryoko: Man, that sucks.
Joe: Tell me about it.
	(Joe carefully places Ryoko on the couch just when Sasami and Washu walk 
in.)
Sasami: Hi Ryoko, welcome back. Hey, who are you? (gasp) Ryoko, what happened to 
your legs!?
	(By now the blood had seeped through the gaws and little stains were 
visible on the outer layer.)
Joe: Boy aren't we talkative. She was shot six times in the legs by a 9-mm semi-
automatic.
Washu: A 9-mm semi-automatic?
Sasami: What's that?
Joe: You know, a gun.
Washu: Just who are you anyway?
Joe: My name is Joseph Williams and if it wasn't for me, she'd be dead by now.
Ryoko: He saved my life from a mad man.
Washu: A mad man? What are you talking about?
Ryoko: You better tell them what you told me.
Joe: No time, we need to get to your wounds first. Washu, do you know anything 
about doctory?
Washu: Does the greatest scientific genius in the universe know anything about 
doctory? Of course I do, 	follow me down to my lab.
Joe: I'm sorry I asked.

Scene 3: Washu's Lab

	(Ryoko is on an operating table with robotic arms examining her. The 
others are behind a protective wall looking through a window at Ryoko. Washu is 
typing on her holographic laptop as usual.)
Joe: Isn't this a bit extreme?
Washu: You can never be too careful when dealing with alien weaponry.
Joe: Alien weaponry? It's just some gun shot wounds for peets sake!
Washu: Well I've never seen it.
Joe: Oh, never mind!
	(The laptop disappears from under Washu's hands and she turns toward Joe.)
Washu: She'll be ok for now, but you've got some explaining to do. Why is it 
that you know so much about this type of weaponry?
Joe: Well, it might be because I've worked with it all my life.
Washu: You? But you're so young, how could you have been trained for that?
Joe: That's interesting to hear coming from someone who looks like they're 
twelve.
Washu: Stop trying to change the subject! Now I want answers!
Joe: Alright, I guess I should start from the beginning.
	(Joe looks up toward a high corner in the lab, almost as if looking off in 
to the distance, remembering something.)
Joe: Roswell, New Mexico. To the public, a potential U.F.O. crash site. To the 
military, first contact. The military leaders at the time greeted the aliens 
with kindness and nursed the injured one back to health. This began an alliance 
between us and our new found friends. For years, the governments of the world 
have tried everything in their power to hide the existence of aliens and so far 
have been rather successful. In the late 50's, the aliens began doing tests on 
humans and realized that we were very efficient fighters. So, the aliens made an 
agreement with the governments that if we were to protect their planet as if it 
were our own, then they would give us their advanced alien technology. That 
agreement has made both planets prosper ever since.
Washu: That's all very nice but where do you come in?
Joe: I'm getting there, hold your horses. Jeez, it was if you were my mom or 
something.
Washu: Hay, I'm too cute to be your mom.
Joe: Ya, right. Anyway, they merged their advanced weaponry with our best 
aeronautics to create ships that best suited the pilots of the day. But the 
technology was too much for them, they didn't realize at the time that it needed 
your undivided attention to the piloting. All the pilots that flew those ships 
went insane and took their lives. The Unites States military was under control 
of this operation at the time, and they found out that secret and decided that 
the men needed training for these aircraft's. So they started a training program 
that lasted for 4 month's but it kept happening. Then it was extended to six 
month's but the problem still persisted. They kept extending and extending the 
training but then the aliens jumped in and told them that it wasn't the 
training, it was the men themselves. It turns out that you needed to develop 
these skills as a child so to prevent insanity. So, in 1985, The School Side 
Project was begun.
Sasami: School Side Project?
Joe: The recruitment of children towards advanced battle tactics such as 
assassinry, bounty hunter, sniper, advanced combat, advanced pilot, advanced 
driving, and what I was trained in, advanced espionage.
Washu: Espionage huh? What exactly do or did you do?
Joe: Well, basically, I collect information and/or stopped terrorist acts.
Washu: That still doesn't explain why you're here.
Joe: I was getting to that until I was rudely interrupted. As I was saying, when 
the project was started, they went out looking for the best children they could 
find. One's who either had special abilities or were quick learners. I was 
chosen for both. I have the unique ability to read minds making me the perfect 
candidate for professional espionage.
Washu: Wait, you can read minds?
Joe: Will you shut up and let me talk!
Washu: Fine!
Joe: Anyway....Hay! I'm not a dick hole Washu!
Washu: Just testing, hehe.
Joe: (Grrrrrrr) Anyway! I was recruited when I was only 4 and put into a camp at 
the age of 6. Because of my advanced training and my ability to read minds, I 
didn't fit in very well. So, when I was 8, they transferred me to a special 
forces camp to complete my training. I did my first real mission at the age of 
11. I've been doing missions ever since. So, far I've completed all 16 of my 
missions. About three years ago, they started a teem called the school side 
which were basically the best members of the program. Just a month ago, they 
began the school side drafting. It's basically a one week mission which tests if 
your good enough in the field you were trained in. They tested me with 
animatronic soldiers which completely destroyed my old method of read their 
minds to get the information. So, I ended up failing the test but only the 
original members of the school side past theirs. It turned out that I had 
received the highest score out of all the other members who failed. That makes 
me next on the list for the next member of the school side. But until then I'm 
off duty and have to find somewhere else to live. Japan sounded like a good 
place. So I came here to settle down for the time being. So how'd you like my 
life story?
Sasami: So how did Ryoko end up like that?
Joe: Oh thank you for the compliments on my life's story. Oh wait, YOU DIDN'T! 
Anyway, about Ryoko, she happened to meet up with an old enemy of mine named 
Sean who was looking to kill me. I came in the nick of time to save her life 
before Sean blew her brains all over the forest. I, of course, beat Sean and 
reined victorious once again! Oh, and he said that he was going to kill anyone 
associated with Ryoko, that includes you two.
Washu & Sasami: WHAT!!!
Joe: don't worry, I'm going to make an announcement at dinner that will solve 
this problem.
Washu: Speaking of dinner, what's burning?
Sasami: Oh my god! I left the stove on!
	(Joe, Washu, and Sasami all rush outside to the kitchen leaving Ryoko 
behind on the operating table. By the time they're there, the kitchen has 
already filled with smoke.)
Sasami: There goes dinner.
Joe: Can someone open a window?
Washu: I'll get it.
Sasami: I guess we're having take-out tonight.

Scene 4: The Dinner Table

Joe: All of you that were out are probably wondering who I am and what the hell 
happened to Ryoko's legs. Well basically, this is what happened...
	(Joe explained the same story as he did in the lab with roughly the same 
amount of interruptions as before. There's take-out on the table.)
Joe: Man, I'm tired of telling that story.
Aeka: So what do you suppose your going to do about this madman?
Joe: Simple of course, stay here and be your bodyguard.
Kyone: What do you mean stay here?
Joe: Why live here of course.
Tenchi: No way. This place is crowded enough as it is.
Joe: Alright, if you don't want my help that's fine with me.
Tenchi: Anyway, grampa will protect us, he's a master swordsman you know.
Joe: That won't stop Sean, he'll just sniper him from a distance. POW...right to 
the head, that's all it would take. But I know how to detect snipers because of 
my ability.
Tenchi: I think we might have some room.
	(The others begin to agree with a hint of fearfulness.)
Joe: Well that settles it, I'm living with the Tenchi family now. So where's my 
room?
Grampa: I think he should bunk with Tenchi.
Joe: Alright! Me and Tenchi are roomies!
Tenchi: Oh boy.
Nobuyuki: That's a nice outfit you got on there Joe.


Authors Notes: I hope you enjoyed the first episode of my season. Please don't 
think it's corny, I am only 15. I may be the youngest writer in this archive so 
please be gentle in your emails.

Preview of next episode: We get a good look at Joe's bathing habits and him and 
Sasami have a heart to heart talk about his past. We also learn that Joe has 
killed people in his life and it's not a few. Think of how many it might be now 
double it and you might be close.

If any thing in this fanfic has offended you, please feel free to screw 
yourself.
Thank You.
=-)
