Disclaimer:  As much as I would love to take credit for the characters in 
this story, I cannot.  Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are property of AIC 
and Pioneer.  “Jokers Wild,” though based on pre-existing characters, is 
the property of the author and may not be reprinted without permission.  
Ditto for all original characters found therein.  Now that that’s out of the 
way, enjoy the story!

Note to reader:  Once again, I have omitted a few minor characters for 
simplicity’s sake, because their appearances would not have contributed 
further to content.

“Jokers Wild”

	Ryoko suddenly burst into the house, surprising everyone in the 
living room.  “Tenchi and Masato are sparring!” she shouted excitedly.  
“Let’s all go and watch!”
	Kiyone, Mihoshi, Aeka, Ryo’oki, and Sasami looked at each other, 
then simultaneously shrugged.  With a few hours to kill before dinner, why 
not?  Everyone followed Ryoko to the clearing where Tenchi and Masato 
had already begun to square off.
	Yosho stood observing a short distance away.  It really was a 
blessing for him that Masato showed up.  He proved to be an excellent 
sparring partner.  As well, Masato had a unique sword fighting technique, 
which, when mixed with his own formal training, was quite effective.  In 
fact, Tenchi and Masato wound up training each other, leaving Yosho as a 
coach on the sidelines.  The improvement in both their skills was evident.
	By the time the girls arrived, the battle was already underway.  
Masato and Tenchi fought with great speed; following their movements 
was no easy task, even for Yosho.  The sharp clacking of the wooden 
training swords seemed to resonate through the forest, shaking the very 
trees to their roots.  Despite their very friendly rivalry, the two combatants 
took the challenge very seriously, and their faces were tense with 
determination.  Suddenly, to Yosho’s surprise, Masato lunged rather 
clumsily, leaving Tenchi an opening to strike.  Upon delivering the blow, 
Masato recovered his form and dodged, countering with an attack of his 
own.  When Tenchi realized he had been fooled, it was too late; Masato’s 
sword was already pressed against his neck.
	“Looks like I win this one,” Masato said with a smile.  “Care to go 
two out of three?”
	“You bet,” said Tenchi, who had won the previous bout.
	“Don’t let him trick you this time,” said Yosho sharply.
	“Okay, Grandpa,” returned Tenchi.
	Ryoko suddenly shouted, “Tenchi, if you win, I’ll give you a kiss!”  
	“Out of the question!” shouted Aeka at her rival.  “I most certainly 
will not allow you to kiss Tenchi!  If anyone should kiss him, it should be 
me!”  Aeka suddenly blushed when she realized what she said.
	Tenchi sighed heavily and cast his eyes to the ground.  “Here we 
go again,” he said to himself.
	“Well, this is certainly an interesting turn of events,” said Masato, 
smiling.  “What do I get if I win?”
	“If you win,” said Ryoko, “Tenchi is going to need someone to 
console him.  I guess that will be me.”
	“Not a chance!” shouted Aeka hotly.  “That is so unfair!”
	“I agree,” said Masato.  “Tenchi wins either way.”
	“Don’t encourage her, Masato!” snapped Aeka.
	“If it’s not too much trouble,” Yosho interjected, “can we get 
underway?”
	“Right,” said Tenchi.  “Sorry, Grandpa.”
	Tenchi turned to face Masato in the clearing, sword in the ready 
position.  Suddenly, Aeka walked up to Masato, and proceeded to whisper 
something in his ear.  Masato’s face turned a bright red, and Aeka giggled 
as she returned to her former place among the spectators.  “What did you 
say to him?” asked Kiyone.
	Aeka again giggled.  “That’s for me to know,” she said slyly.
	Masato shook his head and faced Tenchi, his cheeks still blushing.  
The fight began, and the crowd eagerly cheered.
	“You can do it, Tenchi!” shouted Sasami.
	“Yeah!  Go Tenchi!” Mihoshi joined in.
	Yosho stood silently as before, watching in disappointment.  
Somehow Masato was disorganized, moving clumsily and attacking 
sloppily.  He would be no match for Tenchi if he kept that up.
	“Come on, Tenchi!” yelled Ryoko.
	“Yeah, Tenchi, you’ve got him!” shouted Sasami.  Ryo’oki 
meowed encouragement, presumably directed at Tenchi.  Masato gave a 
mock frown; it was clear who the crowd favorite was.
	Tenchi continued to attack swiftly, and Masato could not find the 
coordination to defend effectively.  In the middle of Tenchi’s offensive 
surge, Masato lost his footing and fell heavily, landing flat on his back.  
Tenchi stood above him, the tip of his sword hovering inches from his 
chest.  “Gotcha,” was all he said.  Yosho could only shake his head 
disapprovingly.  What had happened to Masato?
	“Alright, Tenchi!” yelled Mihoshi.
	“Way to go!” shouted Sasami.  Ryo’oki meowed her approval.
	“Good job, Tenchi,” said Kiyone.
	“Yay, Tenchi!  You won!” shouted Aeka enthusiastically as she 
winked at Masato.
	Masato hurriedly stood and dusted himself off, and turned to face 
Aeka.  “You did that on purpose!” he said accusingly.  “You knew that 
would distract me--”  His words were cut off when Aeka busted into a fit 
of uncontrollable laughter.  Masato once again blushed; he’d been the 
victim of her practical joke.
	Fully intending to capitalize on the situation, Ryoko hovered to 
meet Tenchi in the clearing, and threw her arms around him.  
“Congratulations, Tenchi.  You won.  And your prize is me.”
	“Ryoko, I don’t... I mean... you don’t...” was all he could say as he 
struggled to free himself from her lustful embrace.
	“Now, now Tenchi,” said Ryoko, inching her face ever closer to 
his.  “Just close your eyes, and leave everything to me...”
	Masato glanced at Aeka, who he could see was about to erupt in a 
fit of rage.  Thinking quickly, he gave her a wink, and rushed over to pluck 
Ryo’oki off the ground.  With the cabbit in tow, he galloped to where 
Ryoko had Tenchi in her clutches.  Ryoko’s eyes were closed, so she 
couldn’t tell when Masato lifted Ryo’oki in between her and Tenchi.
	Ryoko brought her lips to what she thought were Tenchi’s.  
However, they were a bit furrier than she expected.  She opened her eyes, 
and with a stifled gasp she realized why; they were not Tenchi’s lips at all, 
but Ryo’oki’s!  Holding her to Ryoko’s lips was Masato, who desperately 
tried to keep his laughter from erupting and spoiling the situation.
	Ryoko turned away and began to spit and gag furiously.  Unable to 
control his amusement any longer, Masato fell to the ground, convulsing in 
laughter.  Ryoko was none too pleased.  “What’s the big idea?” she asked 
angrily.  “What’s so funny?”
	“I’m sorry, I couldn’t resist!” Masato was able to spit out in 
between spasms of laughter.  “You should see the look on your face!  It’s 
priceless!”
	The sneer on Ryoko’s face grew even more intense as the rest of 
the group followed Masato in uproarious laughter.  Sasami giggled 
profusely.  Tenchi chuckled nervously, pleased that he was at least free of 
Ryoko’s embrace.  Even Yosho tossed his head back and laughed heartily.  
Kiyone and Mihoshi had to lean on each other to prevent themselves from 
falling over.  Aeka was already keeled over, pounding the ground with her 
fist, tears of merriment spilling out upon the earth.  She had never seen 
anyone get the better of Ryoko like that.  It was the most satisfying 
spectacle she had ever seen.
	“That was not funny!” thundered Ryoko.  “Stop laughing!”  Her 
pleas only served to heighten the humor of the situation, causing everyone 
to steadily lose control and continue their mad guffaws even louder.  With 
teeth clenched and face turning a vivid shade of red, she dematerialized 
from the clearing, thoroughly embarrassed.
	When the laughter subsided, Masato stood and said, “I guess I 
better go talk to her and make sure she’s okay.”
	“Yes, let’s all go back to the house,” said Yosho.  “We’ll continue 
training tomorrow.  And Masato, I certainly hope you will have returned to 
form by then.”
	The red returned to Masato’s cheeks.  “I should,” he said.
	As the group made its way to the house, Tenchi caught up with 
Masato.  “Before that last match,” he said, “what did Aeka say to you, 
anyway?”
	Masato’s cheeks grew even redder.  “She said... she said that if I 
won she would kiss me,” he said hurriedly under his breath.  Masato’s 
redness spread to Tenchi’s cheeks.  Masato added, “I guess you can handle 
a prospect like that a bit better than I can.”
	Tenchi chuckled.  “I’m used to it,” he said.

	Upon arriving at the house, Masato immediately attempted to find 
Ryoko.  Thinking she might be in her room, he checked there first; she 
was not there.  He checked the television; again, nothing.  The kitchen was 
empty.  Where could she be?
	“She probably just needs some time to cool off,” remarked Kiyone.  
“I’m sure she’ll turn up around dinnertime.”
	Washu, having overheard Kiyone’s remark, emerged from her 
laboratory where she had busily been at work all day.  “What’s this I hear 
about Ryoko missing?” she asked.
	“Ryoko’s upset because I played a trick on her,” Masato said, 
hanging his head.  “I sure hope she’s alright.”
	“She’ll be fine,” said Washu confidently.  “I’ve seen her upset 
before.  Give her a little time and she’ll be as right as rain.  Kiyone’s right; 
she’ll come waltzing through the door the second there’s food on the table.  
By the way, what kind of trick did you play on her?”
	Aeka began to chuckle anew.  “You’ve got to hear this,” she said, 
as she began to relate the incidents of the afternoon.  As Masato continued 
to search the house for Ryoko, he could hear Washu’s maniacal cackle 
reverberate through the walls as she heard what had happened.
	For once in her life, however, Washu was wrong.  Dinnertime 
came, with no sign of Ryoko.  Masato was getting very worried.  
“Something’s wrong,” he said.  “She must be really upset.”
	“She’s never missed dinner before,” Sasami said.  “I’m worried.”
	“Me, too,” said Tenchi.  “I should go look for her.”
	“No, Tenchi, I’ll go,” said Masato suddenly.  “It’s my fault that this 
happened.  I’ll see if I can find her and bring her back.  I just wish I knew 
where to look.”
	Tenchi leaned forward in his chair.  “I think I know where she 
might be,” he said.

	By the time Masato reached the mouth of the cave, the sun had 
long since set and he could barely see the path under his feet.  However, 
Tenchi was right in his prediction; a small light emanated from the cave.  
Masato was half hoping that he would not find Ryoko here.  Tenchi had 
said that she only goes back to the cave when she is horribly upset.  
Masato frowned, knowing it was him that made her feel that way.
	Masato, barely able to see in the darkness, slowly picked his way 
deeper into the cave.  Eventually he came to a chamber, in which a small 
lantern cast a weak glow from its position in the center of the floor.  In a 
corner, crouched and facing the wall, was Ryoko.  “Hello,” said Masato as 
softly as possible.
	“Go away!” said Ryoko, her firm command echoing through the 
small room.
	Masato only proceeded to continue to approach her.  “Are you still 
upset?” he asked, his voice softer than before.
	Ryoko suddenly whipped her head around to face him.  Even in the 
poor light, he could see the dark streaks down her cheeks, and the flame 
from the lantern glistened off the pool of tears in her eyes.  She did not 
speak, only stared at Masato with a face that asked, “Why?”
	Masato could only return her gaze, as he slowly let the full 
consequences of his actions seep in.  He had apparently hit a nerve in 
Ryoko, a nerve that he did not know existed.  And now, seeing her 
crouched and crying, he was dreadfully sorry for what he did.
	“About what happened,” he began, deathly afraid that Ryoko 
would burst into uncontrollable sobbing, “I’m sorry.  I’m so sorry.  I didn’t 
mean to upset you like this.  God, I am just so sorry.”
	Ryoko’s questioning gaze was replaced by one of sternness.  “Who 
made you come here and apologize?” she asked icily.
	“No one,” said Masato.  “I was worried about you.  We all were.  
Tenchi wanted to come find you, but I thought it would be better if I 
apologized myself.”
	“Do you even have any idea what you’re apologizing for?” 
returned Ryoko, her tears corrupting the anger she was trying to convey in 
her voice.
	“I only know that I hurt you,” said Masato.  “That makes me feel 
horrible.”
	“Well, how do you think I feel?” asked Ryoko, her voice growing 
stronger.  “Do you have any idea what it’s like to be humiliated like that?  
In front of the one you love?  Making fun of my love for Tenchi was the 
cruelest thing you could have done!”  Ryoko’s hands moved to cover her 
face as her crying became more intense.
	Masato was shocked.  “Is that why you think I did it?” he asked.  
“Ryoko, I would never dream of doing something like that!  Please, you 
have to believe that I never would have done anything if I knew you would 
get so upset.  I didn’t want to hurt you, and I’m sorry that I did.  Please 
forgive me.”
	Ryoko looked up at him.  “Then why?” she asked.  “Why did you 
do it?”
	Masato sat in silence for a moment.  “I guess the real reason,” he 
said at length, “is because I didn’t want to see Aeka get upset.”
	Ryoko’s hurtful look was replaced by one fraught with confusion.  
“What?” she queried.
	“When you were trying to kiss Tenchi,” Masato explained, “Aeka 
looked like she was very distraught.  I thought that by playing that joke on 
you, it would keep her from getting upset.”
	Ryoko’s face softened.  “So, this is about Aeka?” she asked.
	“Yes,” said Masato.  “I did it for her.  But I wasn’t thinking about 
how it might make you feel.  Maybe I’m just stupid, I don’t know.  But I 
was not thinking.  I made a terrible mistake.  If I could go back and change 
things, I wouldn’t have done what I did.  I’m sorry.”
	Ryoko wiped her sleeve across her face to dry her eyes.  She 
supposed she could forgive Masato because he didn’t really know what he 
was doing.  And because his intentions were not altogether malicious.  She 
got up from her crouched position and moved to sit down next to him.  
She placed a hand on his shoulder.  “I accept your apology,” she said with 
a slight smile.
	“Thank you.  Thank you,” said Masato, returning her smile.
	“You really care about her, don’t you?” Ryoko asked suddenly.
	Masato again paused.  “Yes,” he finally said.
	“I wish there was something I could do to help,” she said.  Aeka 
falling for Masato would mean that she finally would have Tenchi all to 
herself.
	“I couldn’t ask for that,” said Masato.  “I respect Aeka too much.  
Who she chooses is a choice that is hers, and hers alone.”
	“And if she chooses Tenchi?” Ryoko trailed off.
	“Aeka knows how I feel,” said Masato.  “If she chooses Tenchi, I 
will accept it.”
	“But you won’t like it,” speculated Ryoko.
	Masato only nodded.  “I feel so helpless,” he said.  “I love Aeka so 
much.  I want her more than I’ve ever wanted anything else in the 
universe...  And there’s not a damn thing I can do about it!”
	Ryoko nodded.  “Sometimes I feel the same way about Tenchi,” 
she said.  “I guess, in the end, you can’t make somebody love you.  It just 
happens.  I guess it just hasn’t happened to Tenchi.”
	“Tenchi cares about you very much,” assured Masato.  “He cares 
about all of you very much.”
	“I know he cares about me,” said Ryoko.  “I just don’t know if he 
loves me.”
	Masato sat motionless.  He had nothing to say.
	“Have you ever been in love before?” asked Ryoko.  “I mean, 
before Aeka.”
	Despite the low light cast by the lantern, Ryoko could see Masato’s 
cheeks flush red.  “No, not really,” he said.
	“But what about Kiyone?” Ryoko asked.  “She’s young, attractive.  
I thought for sure you would have gone after her.”
	“I’d be lying if I said that the thought never crossed my mind,” said 
Masato.  “But Kiyone was different.  Something always held me back with 
her.  I was content just being her friend.  I guess that was why we were 
such good partners; there was no tension, and we never kept anything from 
each other.  There was complete trust.”
	“So, you’ve never... been with a woman before?” asked Ryoko 
slyly, a grin beginning to grow on her face.
	“Well... no,” said Masato, his cheeks burning a fiery red as he 
turned his head nervously.
	Ryoko continued anxiously, “So, you’re still a--”
	“Ryoko!” broke in Masato firmly.  “I swear, if you use the v-word, 
I’ll make you kiss Ryo’oki again!”
	“Sorry,” Ryoko said as she chuckled.  “I just never would have 
guessed...”
	“Yeah, well, don’t spread it around,” returned Masato.  “It’s not 
something I like to talk about.  It just makes me seem so... pathetic.”
	Ryoko chuckled again.  “I don’t think you’re pathetic at all,” she 
assured him.  “In fact, I think it’s kind of cute!”
	“Can we please change the subject?” asked Masato, feeling very 
uncomfortable with the way the conversation had turned.  Ryoko’s chuckle 
grew into a laugh.  Masato smiled sheepishly.  At least she wasn’t upset 
anymore.
	“Masato, there’s something I have to know,” said Ryoko.  “Why 
Aeka?  Why not someone like, oh, I don’t know... me?”
	Masato grinned.  “Jealous, huh?” he asked mockingly.
	“No!” said Ryoko, giving him a light punch in the arm.  “Just 
curious, is all.”
	Masato leaned back.  “I’m not sure, exactly,” he began.  “Maybe its 
the way she carries herself, that air of quiet dignity around her.  As a 
princess she seems so unreachable at first, but she never shuts anybody 
out.  I know you might not see it, but there is a warmth beneath her proper 
exterior that could embrace the whole world.  And I always act so lame 
around girls, but with her it’s so easy to tell her how I feel.”  His head 
went back and his eyes roved vacantly to the ceiling.  “And every time she 
looks at me with those gorgeous eyes of hers I melt like cheap margarine.”
	Ryoko gasped excitedly.  Masato had it bad!
	Masato again looked at Ryoko, then let out with a slight chuckle.  
“I suppose this all sound so ridiculous,” he said.
	“No, it doesn’t,” said Ryoko.  “I can’t really explain why I love 
Tenchi so much, either.  I just do.  And as long as you follow your heart, 
that should be enough for you.”
	Masato was surprised.  Never had he heard anything so heartfelt 
and eloquent escape from the mouth of the normally coarse space pirate.  
Masato knew almost immediately that there was more to Ryoko than he 
first thought, but she never ceased to amaze him at the depth of her 
emotion.  “Have you ever considered being a poet?” asked Masato.
	Ryoko tossed her head back and laughed.  “Being a space pirate 
pays much better!” she said.  “Besides, don’t you remember the old 
saying:  ‘Actions speak louder than words?’”
	Masato chuckled.  “Yes, and your actions always seem to speak 
quite loudly!”  They both laughed heartily, Ryoko’s tears long since dry.
	“Well, why don’t we go back and get something to eat,” said 
Ryoko as she got up to leave.  “I’m starving!”
	“It’s probably ice cold by now,” Masato said to Ryoko, referring to 
the dinner he had left behind to find her.
	“Probably,” agreed Ryoko as the pair left the cave.  “Thank 
goodness for microwaves!”
	Masato and Ryoko walked side-by-side to the house in the 
darkness, leaving the lantern on the floor to frolic with the shadows on the 
wall.

	The next evening at dinner everyone was busy enjoying Sasami’s 
latest culinary delight when the pigtailed princess said, “Ryoko, we missed 
you at dinner last night.”
	Aeka eagerly added with a sideways glance, “Yes, Ryo’oki was 
beside herself.”  Before she could let out with a chuckle she noticed that 
Masato shot her a sharp glance.  At that point she knew that she should not 
have brought it up.
	Ryoko only smirked.  “It’s okay, that doesn’t bother me anymore,” 
she said proudly.  “Masato and I have come to an understanding about 
that.  In fact, our conversation took a series of interesting turns.”
	“What do you mean?” asked Mihoshi.
	“Well,” Ryoko said coyly, “it’s just that I learned certain, er, 
information about your boyfriend here, Aeka.”
	Masato was wide-eyed, shaking his head vigorously, a look of 
absolute dread across his face.  She wouldn’t.  She couldn’t...
	Aeka glanced anxiously at Masato, then back at Ryoko.  “What do 
you mean?” asked Aeka.
	Ryoko chuckled.  “Just a little secret of his...” she said 
suggestively.
	“What secret?” asked Aeka earnestly.  Masato’s face grew whiter 
than the rice they had eaten that evening.
	“You mean you don’t know?” asked Ryoko coolly.
	“No,” she confirmed.  “What is it?”  Masato was already planning 
his escape from the dinner table at that point.
	Ryoko leaned over close to Aeka and said softly, “I told you, it’s a 
secret.”  She then leaned back in her chair and winked at Masato.  Masato 
exhaled the breath he had been holding as the color came back to his face.  
That was too close.  He gave Ryoko a biting glare that screamed, “Don’t 
even think about doing that again!”
	After dinner concluded and everyone had adjourned to the living 
room, Masato proceeded upstairs to finish a sketch he had been working 
on.  Before he could reach the landing, however, Aeka grabbed his arm 
and pulled him aside.  “What was Ryoko talking about at dinner?” she 
asked.
	Masato’s face again grew white.  “About what?” he asked, in the 
vain hope that Aeka had forgotten.
	“About that secret,” she said.  “Is it bad?”
	Masato desperately wished he was somewhere else.  “Er... well, I... 
it... I don’t know,” he stammered.
	“You can tell me, Masato,” said Aeka.  “It’s alright, I promise.”
	“Well,” said Masato, unable to withhold anything from her 
lavender eyes, “it’s just that... well... I, uh... er... I...”
	“What is it?” asked Aeka again.
	“Well, I... uh, I... I’ve nev-... er, uh... I’ve never... uh...”
	“You’ve never what?” asked Aeka.
	“I mean, uh... I’m still, uh... er, I’m... I’m still a v-... I’m still a... I 
mean, I’m a... er, uh...”
	“You’re still a what?” Aeka asked.  Why did she have to keep 
interrupting?
	“I’m still a... uh... I still haven’t... uh, er, I... I, uh... I’VE NEVER 
HAD SEX, OKAY!?”
	Suddenly realizing the decibel level of his announcement, Masato 
looked around.  Every eye in the house was eagerly trained on him, staring 
wide.  Even Ryoko sat at attention, surprised that he had admitted it of his 
own accord.  Washu’s head poked from her laboratory door, her face 
conveying bewilderment not necessarily at what he said, but at the shear 
volume he announced it.  Masato’s face went quickly from ash gray to beet 
red.  “Oh, dear lord,” he said weakly as he cast his eyes down to the floor.
	“Masato, you’re still a virgin?” asked Sasami excitedly.
	“Sasami!” scolded her older sister, wondering where she had ever 
heard such a word.
	“That’s okay,” said Sasami.  “So’s Tenchi!”
	“SASAMI!” yelled Tenchi, whose face quickly came to match 
Masato’s in terms of color and shocked expression.  Everyone turned their 
surprised expressions from Masato quickly to Tenchi.
	“Oh, dear,” said Aeka in a mouse’s voice.  “Perhaps I shouldn’t 
have brought it up.”
	“It’s a bit late for that!” shouted Masato.
	“I thought everyone knew,” said Sasami innocently.
	“They do now!” shouted Tenchi.
	“Masato, you never told me you were a virgin,” said Kiyone.
	“I didn’t think it was all that important!” said Masato in 
desperation, wishing more than ever that he was someplace else.  Like the 
moon.
	“It’s not important!” concurred Tenchi.  “Really!  It’s not!”
	“No, it isn’t” interjected Washu.  “It’s just a bit surprising, that’s 
all.”
	“Jeez, can we please stop talking about this?” begged Masato.  He 
hurriedly rushed to the door.  “God, I need some air!”
	“I’ll race you!” yelled Tenchi as he sprinted out behind him.
	As the door closed behind the two distressed men, the women were 
left to stare after them in utter bewilderment.  They hadn’t seen this much 
life out of Tenchi or Masato in quite some time.

	That evening Masato stood on the balcony overlooking the lake.  It 
was a bit cold out, but the events of the evening had caused him to be a 
little warm around the collar.  He stood looking at where the distant 
mountains reflected into the lake, creating what seemed to be a parallel 
universe in which everything was upside-down.  He had been turned a 
little upside-down himself that day.  Without warning, but not 
surprisingly, Ryoko suddenly materialized beside him.
	“You had to bring it up at dinner, didn’t you?” asked Masato flatly.
	“Hey, I forgive, but I don’t forget,” she said, referring to the joke 
that he himself had played on her the day before.  “Besides, you were the 
one that felt the need to scream it out.”
	“What was I thinking?” Masato asked to no one in particular.  “So 
was that your little bit of revenge on me?”
	“Yep!” she said jauntily.
	“I’ll make you a deal,” said Masato turning to face her.  “You stop 
bringing up my virginity at the dinner table, and I’ll stop making you kiss 
furry animals.  Agreed?”
	“Deal,” Ryoko said quickly.  She held out her hand, and the pair 
shook.
	“I suppose there was much discussion and dwelling upon what was 
said after we left,” said Masato.
	“Are you kidding?” began Ryoko.  “We shut right up!  No way any 
conversation we could have had could possibly top that one!”
	“Ryoko, remind me never to cross you again,” said Masato as he 
returned his eyes to the lake.
	“I don’t think I have to, now,” she said with a smile as she began to 
hover back into the house.  “Have a pleasant evening!”
	As Ryoko entered the house, Aeka made her way onto the balcony.  
Masato’s heart sank into the pit of his stomach.  He was so embarrassed he 
could barely even look at her.  His face again turned red as she stood next 
to him.
	“Well, now you know my big secret,” he said.  “I suppose you 
think I’m pretty pathetic.”
	“I don’t care at all,” said Aeka.  Masato raised an eyebrow.  “It 
doesn’t matter to me in the least.”
	Masato was surprised.  “Well, that’s a relief,” he said.
	“Ryoko told me about the conversation you two had in the cave,” 
Aeka said.  “Why you pulled that trick on her.  Is that true?”
	“Yes, it is,” Masato said.  “I didn’t want to see you get upset.”
	“Well, next time, don’t worry about me getting upset with Ryoko,” 
Aeka said coolly.  “I can handle myself when it comes to her.”
	Masato chuckled.  Then he said quite suddenly, “I have to know 
something.  Yesterday, when I was fighting with Tenchi, and you said 
you’d kiss me if I won, did you mean it?”
	“But you lost,” Aeka said, grinning.
	“I know,” said Masato, “but, if I had won, would you have kissed 
me?”
	Aeka’s smile widened.  “That’s for me to know,” she said as she 
ambled her way back into the house.
	Masato frowned as his gaze returned to the water.  With all that he 
had been given to think about these past two days, it looked like he would 
be up all night doing just that.
