Twigz221
Episode 1: The arrival
A strange man crash lands on Earth.  Can Washu Figure out 
why he is here and what his plans are?

Authors note:
This is an episode in a continuing series of stories that I 
will be writing that is based off of Tenchi Muyo.  It will be based 
mostly around a male character that finds himself living in the 
Masaki household.  I realize that this idea has been done before.  
I don't care because mine will be good.  It will have things like 
character development and a plot.   I will be writing it in  
episodes, like in a TV show or a manga, rather than a long novel.  
As a legal note, I did not create, nor do I own most of the 
characters in this fic (Truthfully I only own the character 
Kannuki.   The Tenchi story is owned by Pioneer an AIC (I think).  
Either way this stuff isn't mine, and I claim no owner ship cuz I 
don't own it.  So if you DO own it I would be appreciative if you 
decided NOT to sue me.  
As a final note, I guarantee that not a single title of any of the 
episodes will include the words "no need".

My series is called Tenchi Muyo: The Juraian Enigma
If you have any questions or comments, contact me at 
Twigz221@skateboard.com


"Entering airspace of planet #0315, also known as Earth" comes an 
electronic voice.

"Turn off hyperspace boosters, apply reverse jets and prepare for 
entry" replies a sharp relaxed voice.

"Acknowledged"

The sleek red ship decelerates quickly as it moves out of 
hyperspace.  Before the pilot can react, however the ship hits 
sudden turbulence.

"Computer, what's going on?"

"Sir we have apparently entered the middle of a meteor shower"

"A what?  God dammit.  How bad is it"

"The ship has sustained no damage.  If the ship stays in this area 
for too long it will surely receive damage beyond that which can be 
repaired"

"That's not going to happen.  What's our current position?"

"We are in the area between the fourth and fifth planets of this 
solar system.  The planets called Mars and Jupiter by the locals."

"You mean were not near Earth?"

"The ship had to leave hyperspace prematurely to avoid the 
asteroids sir. At the current rate we will reach Earth Very 
shortly."

"We'll get us the hell out of here and lets get to Earth, I have a 
mission you know"

"Just one moment..."

"Well hurry it up."

"Forward thrusters on, now heading for..."

Before the computer could finish a loud and violent 
explosion hit the side of the ship.  The back left engine was hit 
and was leaking heavy amounts of gasses.

"What happened?!"

"A small asteroid appears to have hit the rear left engine.  The size 
was too small to be picked up by radar.  Velocity determined to 
have been 3,420 miles per hour.  Findings show that it struck the 
gas tank."

"Damage Report"

"Rear left engine completely destroyed.  Heavy damage to rear 
chassis.  Landing gear on left side destroyed.  Interior fire has 
begun.  Ship must dock in 56 minutes and 32 seconds or it 
will be incapacitated."

"Fire the other engines at full blast towards earth."

"But sir firing the other engines at full speed may..."

"DO IT."

"Acknowledged"

The ship shoots forward at incredible speeds, leaving a trail of 
debris and shrapnel behind it,  quickly heading towards the small 
blue planet called Earth.

Meanwhile in Tenchi's room.


"Tenchi, it's such a clear night, come with me on a walk will you." 
Says Ryoko with her arms wrapped around him, "It'll be 
so Romantic, just you and me together all night under the stars."

"Ryoko, get off me.  I have one day of school left, and they 
include some very hard finals, so if you don't mind I would like 
to study."

"Why do you need to go to school anyway, run off with me.  I'll 
show you stuff you could never learn in a crappy old school."

Suddenly a voice came from outside the door.

"Ryoko you leave him alone!" it was Ayeka "Tenchi needs his 
time to study, so get out of here" she says as she barges in 
through the door.  However as she did so the alarm went off.   
She disappeared from Tenchi's room and reappeared in the lake. 
As this happens Ryoko bursts into a fit of laughter.

"Ha that stupid princess.  You see Tenchi, you don't want her, and 
she just barges in so rudely, and can't even remember that 
your door has an alarm."

"Hey at least she gives me my privacy" retorts Tenchi "now get out 
of here!"

"All right then, for now.  I'll be back, and that's a promise." She 
says with a smile.
"Why can't she leave me alone?" Tenchi asks himself. "I hope 
Ayeka is okay."
	
Ayeka was fine physically, but falling in the lake again 
didn't help her mood much.  "Oh that rotten Ryoko!  Why can 
she get away with whatever she wants?  I must get Tenchi to 
notice me, I must."  She got out of the water and began walking 
towards the space tree Funaho. 

"I can't go on like this." She thought to herself, "I feel I am 
losing the battle for Tenchi's heart to Ryoko.  What can I to 
really show him how much I love him, and to get him to love me 
as well?"

She continued to walk until she reached the tree.  She collapsed 
next to the tree and began to stare at the ground.  She thought 
about how she was fighting a meaningless battle for Tenchi's heart.  
She loved him and tried her hardest to win his heart, but failed so 
often.  She prayed to the tree to make things right for her, to make 
Tenchi love her.  

She sat there for about forty-five minutes just thinking to 
herself.  Finally she collected herself and stood up.  She looked 
up into the sky and saw thousands of beautiful stars.  She noticed 
a small star was emitting a strange glow.  The star also seemed to 
be growing at a rapid rate.  In fact it was heading strait for Earth.

"That couldn't be Mihoshi could it?" Ayeka asked herself. "I could 
almost swear she was not due back until tomorrow.  Wait a minute 
that's moving slower than Mihoshi usually goes.  It is a ship, and 
it's on fire.  It's heading this way!  RIGHT THIS WAY!  Azaka, 
Kamidake!"

The ship landed about one hundred yards from Ayeka, but the 
explosion and the shrapnel, were heading strait for Her.  The 
ship skids along slamming into trees and sending fire and pieces 
of metal everywhere.  Fortunately, Azaka and Kamidake had 
appeared just in the nick of time to shield Ayeka from the blast.
When the explosion finally cleared.  Ayeka saw a huge ditch dug 
by the falling ship.  At the end of it she sees a huge pile of 
burning twisted metal.

"Oh my goodness.  This is horrible, I dearly hope there were not 
many people on board."  She approaches the ship not expecting to 
find anything left alive.  Suddenly she sees a small silhouette from 
inside the flame.  She sees the outline of a man limping and 
clutching his arm.  He stumbles for a few feet, and then collapses 
onto the ground.

Ayeka, Washu, and Sasami are in Washu's lab along with the 
man from the wreck.


"Do you think he's gonna be okay?" asks Sasami in a worried 
voice.

"Of course he is." Shouted Washu, "He's in the hands of the top 
scientific genius in the universe!"

The man was lying unconscious on a table.  Washu 
had a ton of little wires and gizmos on him (to monitor his 
status).  He was about six feet tall.  He had jet black hair that 
was quite messy, a thin face and a well-built body.  There were 
only minor cuts, bruises and burns on his body.  This highly 
intrigued Washu.

"I find this very intriguing" says Washu.  "How could he 
possibly have survived that crash?  Ayeka, do you know him 
from your family at all?"

"No not at all.  I have never seen this man before in my life."

"Neither have I" states Sasami.

"Well I want to do some tests on him," says Washu "I also think 
once I do my work we can get some answers directly from him.  
Now if you don't mind I would like to be alone."

"But miss Washu, I wish to stay here." says Ayeka.

"Now now little Ayeka, I'll be sure to tell you everything"

"But I..."

"Just go, I'll get you when he wakes up."

Ayeka and Sasami leave Washu alone and head back to the 
living room.  Sasami starts to head upstairs but Ayeka sits down 
on the couch.  

"Hey Ayeka, aren't you going to come to bed?  It's getting late" 
Asks Sasami.

"No not right now.  I really wish to speak with this man.  I felt 
something from him, but I can't put my finger on it.  It just 
doesn't make sense that he could have survived that crash."

"Don't worry about it now.  Washu will tell us everything in the 
morning."

"I know that, I just wish to stay up, that's all."

"Well have your way then, I'm going to bed."

"Well good night then."

"G'night."

Ayeka then turned the television on and began watching some bad 
late night television show.  Before long she heard a voice 
behind her, however it was not the voice she was hoping to hear.

"Up late are we Princess."  It was Ryoko.

"What do you want?"

"Oh nothing, Just wondering why you are all up so late."

"Your telling me that you didn't hear that explosion about an hour 
ago."

"I was just so busy with Tenchi that I must not have heard."

"WHAT DO YOU MEAN BUSY WITH TENCHI!?"

"Oh nothing really.  For a teenage guy, he can be really hard to 
seduce, you know what I mean."
"OH you are impossible.  Well if really want to know a ship 
crash landed near the house that surprisingly does not belong to 
Mihoshi."

"Really? Is everyone okay?"

"Well we think so.  After the crash Sasami Washu and I scanned 
the wreckage, but we only found one person, but he was able to 
escape the wreckage.  Washu is treating him in her lab.  I don't get 
how you don't know yet.  Didn't you read Ryo-Ohki's mind or at 
least sense that there was distress?"

"Well to tell you the truth I was actually busy helping Tenchi with 
his studying.  He kicked me out right after your trip to the lake, but 
I came back because I knew he needed help, so I 
decided to quiz him on what he was learning about.  Sure it was 
boring but being with Tenchi is good enough for me.  So a man 
crash landed, how did he survive?"

"That's what I'd like to know."

"So you're staying up to wait for a man.  Wow he must be cute."

"What are you implying?"

"So your scoping out other men.  I guess you just got bored with 
Tenchi.  Oh well more for me"

"Will you just leave me alone?"

"No way I wanna meet this guy too."

"Well then your going to have to wait."
	
Meanwhile in Washu's lab, Washu was hard at work 
experimenting and trying to get the man to wake up.  She did not 
have to wait long (because she is such a genius that it doesn't 
take her long to anything.)  The man began to stir and slowly 
opened his eyes.  He sat up and rubbed his head.  

"Finally awake huh?" Asked Washu

"What?" said the man as he spun around to see who was talking to 
him. "Where am I?  Who are you?" He asked.

"My name is Washu and you are in my lab. You were in a pretty 
bad crash and were lucky enough that I the greatest scientific 
genius in the universe was there to bring you back to health."

"So it did crash.  Is there anything left?"

"Just a bunch of scrap metal."

"Well I hope I hit the right place.  Can you tell me something? I 
wish to know if this is where Princesses Ayeka and Sasami are?"

"Well you're pretty informed.  Yes they are here, but now I need to 
know why you're here, and who you are."

"Well f you must know my name is Kannuki.  I was traveling here 
when an Asteroid hit my ship.  My ship was heavily 
damaged so I had to get to Earth as quickly as possible.  When I 
reached a close enough distance I set my scanners to lock onto 
anything from Jurai.  This was the only area with anything.  I 
used my last bit of fuel to set a course to this area.  My landing 
gear was already trashed so I had to attempt a crash landing.  It 
seems to have not gone so well, but at least I'm alive."

"Well I still want to know more.  Like why you would be 
traveling to Earth in the first place, and how you knew that the 
Princesses were here.  I also want to know how you 
survived the crash.  No normal human could have survived that."

"Why I came to Earth is my own business.  As for being able to 
survive the crash, that is a mystery to even me.  I am pretty old, I 
think a little older that the Princess Ayeka.  I have always been 
pretty strong, but never as strong as the Royal family.  I cannot 
fly or use the artifacts that that only the royal family can use, but 
I am able to throw energy beams and create small shields to 
protect myself.  I usually try to hide my strength because I'm 
afraid of the consequences.  I did use my power during the 
wreck.  Right before the crash I created a shield around myself, 
and probably saved my life.  Unfortunately I had to use all of my 
power to keep it up and I flickered off for a second.  During that 
second some shrapnel hit my arm, and a beam hit my head.  I 
vaguely remember crawling from my ship.  That's about it."

"Well lucky for you Ayeka was near the crash site and was able to 
drag your body away from the ship before the fire hit the reserve 
gas tanks and the ship completely exploded.  I think I may be able 
to help you really.  If you don't know how you got your 
power than I will find out for you.  All you have to do is 
become my guinea pig."

"I won't be your guinea pig but if you can figure out my power I'd 
appreciate it."

"Oh please," says Washu in a childish voice, "I can't let a big 
strong man like you get away from me that easily."

"I seriously hope your joking.  I'll let you examine me later if 
you really have to, but you better promise something in return.  
Besides right now I'd kind of like something to eat. I'm hungry. 
Oh and I would like to meet Ayeka if that's possible."

"Fine then." Said Washu in a disappointed voice. "Follow me." 
Washu leads Kannuki out of her examining room and 
towards the exit of her lab. Kannuki was amazed at all of the 
things that were in her lab. 

"This is quite a place you have here.  How can you possibly fit this 
into the house?  I know the photo I got from when I was 
entering the atmosphere wasn't that clear, but there's no way this 
all fits into that house.  And these creatures you have in these 
tanks, I've never seen anything like them."

"My lab IS amazing isn't it?  I'm afraid I can't tell you how I did it 
now, there just isn't enough time. Besides you probably 
wouldn't get it anyway.  But for now I'll tell you that I have 
created a new dimension and that we are not technically in the 
house, but a door in the house leads to this lab."

"Whatever.  Are we there yet, this is taking too long."

"My we ARE impatient aren't we?"

"Sorry"

They finally reached the exit and went out through the 
door.  

"Hey Ayeka" called Washu. "He's awake now."
Ayeka looks over and gets up from the couch.  She walks 
over to them with Ryoko close behind. 

"I am glad to see your okay.  I am Ayeka Jurai and it is a 
pleasure to meet you."

"Pleasure's all mine princess. By the way, my names Kannuki.  
Thanks for helping out back there.  Washu says I'd be dead if it 
weren't for you.  I owe you one.  And who is that behind you." 
Replies Kannuki.

"Oh her name is..." 

"Hey I can tell him my own name." Interrupts Ryoko, "The 
names Ryoko."

"Ryoko.  You're Ryoko?" Says Kannuki with a blank expression 
on his face.

"That's me.  Is something wrong?"

"Well I didn't expect a villainous space pirate to be so... cute."

"Are you flattering me or just trying to get lucky?"

"I, uh..."

All three girls begin giggling. 

"Well whatever.  But I have a question.  How is it that the 
princesses of Jurai, the top scientific genius in the universe, and a 
wanted criminal all come to live in the same house on a remote 
planet?"

"It's a very long story," replies Ayeka, "Come we shall explain 
They all sit down in the living room while Ayeka and Washu 
explain the whole living situation to Kannuki (Ryoko just 
watched not really caring to get into the conversation.)  They told 
him everything from when Tenchi first to met Ryoko until the 
small incident when Funaho and Misaki came to Earth along 
with Azusa, the Emperor of Jurai, two months earlier.  They did 
however leave out certain things that they felt it was unnecessary 
for Kannuki to know, like how Sasami and Tsunami are one, and 
that it was Lady Tokimi that sent Dr Clay.

"That's quite a story." Comments Kannuki.  "So you are all 
staying here just because of Tenchi."

"Pretty much" replies Washu.

"Tell me something Kannuki," says Ayeka "What brings you to 
Earth?"

"Well I was traveling in the area when I hit some technical 
problems with my ship.  It turned out Earth was the closest 
civilized planet so I headed here."  As Kannuki says this he gets 
a bit of a dirty shot from Washu who notices that his story has 
changed a bit.  Ayeka and Ryoko did not notice the look on her 
face.  "I then was hit by an asteroid near Mars and then locked on 
to the small amount of Juraian energy that was in this area."

"Well that explains one thing, but how did you survive that 
crash?" Kannuki responds to this question the same way that he 
responded to it when Washu asked him. 

"Why did you not come forward?" asks Ayeka, "If you have such 
power than why did you not tell the Royal family.  It is possible 
that we could be related in some way." 

"I've already thought of that. I looked into the Royal family's 
history and there is no way that we could be related."

"I wouldn't rule that out." Says Washu, "It is very possible that 
your birth could have been hidden from the family and the record 
keepers.  Fortunately, if you let me I can take some DNA 
samples and compare them to Ayeka's to be sure.  I can also 
track down what is giving you your power."

"Go ahead, I doubt you'll find anything."

Ayeka lets out a huge yawn. "I am getting sleepy, what time is it?" 
she asks.

"Nearly 2:00" says Washu.

"I am going to bed." says Ayeka.

"Yeah me too." says Ryoko.

"You may stay in Mihoshi's bed for the night." Ayeka tells 
Kannuki.

"Thanks."  

"It's up the stairs and the second door on the right if you do get 
tired."

"Alright."

Ryoko and Ayeka retire to their separate rooms, but Washu stays 
with Kannuki. When they are both out of earshot Washu turns to 
Kannuki with a mean glance.

"You lied." She says.  "You told me you had your own business 
and that I could not know why you are here, yet you told Ayeka 
that you were in the area and had problems.  That means your 
hiding something."

"I'm not hiding anything."

"Yes you are, I am going to find out what.  I will see you in the 
morning." She headed to her lab and disappeared behind the door.

"This could be bad" Kannuki thought to himself.  He didn't feel 
like sleeping at all, instead he decides to look around the grounds 
of the house and the temple.  He slides open the door and steps 
outside.  He gazes up at the stars and begins heading towards the 
woods.  He approaches the stairs and begin heading up them.  
After about 500 of them he sits down and looks out at the area.  
He looks out across the beautiful scenery.  Looking downwards 
he notices the house. All lights are out except for one room on 
the first floor.  He sees some movement inside the lighted room.  
He sees the figure move towards the glass sliding door and open 
it.  The person then turns off the lights and exits the house.  He 
can't be sure of who it is, but he notices it is a small woman with 
large hair, so it is most likely Washu.  She begins heading 
towards the right.  Kannuki then looks over to the general 
direction that she is heading.  He sees a small light at the end of a 
large unnatural ditch.  

"That must be my ship.  If she's heading there I could be in 
trouble, I had better hurry." Kannuki stands up and begins running 
toward his ship.  Deciding that going back down the stairs would 
take to long, he cuts off down a beaten path on the side of the 
stairs.  He is now running at full speed through the woods.  The 
path begins to fade and eventually stops, Kannuki just keeps on 
running through the brush, doing his best to avoid any trees.  He 
eventually breaks through into an open area.  Looking around he 
sees that his ship is about 500 yards in front of him and to the left.  
He then slows down his pace and begins jogging towards the light.   
He has to run through brush again but it is not as bad as before.  He 
gets to about 100 yards from the light when he once again breaks 
out into the opening.  Before him stands a mighty tree surrounded 
by a small pond.  Hanging from the tree are many ornamental 
objects that appear Juraian. 

"This looks like...  but it can't be.  Not on Earth."  He walks 
down the rock path that leads to the trees trunk.  "It is, It's 
Funaho. How did it get here?"  He places his hand on the tree 
and feels a strange reaction.  He is suddenly surrounded by a 
strange light and begins to see images of Ryo-Ohki and the ship 
Funaho battling is space followed by Yosho fighting Ryoko (See 
OAV episode 3).  

"So that's how it got here, strange."  He looks to his left and sees 
his ship in a total wreck.  He also sees Washu standing next to 
the largest piece of the ship collecting samples. 

"Aw crap." He thinks.  He runs right through the water rather than 
down the rocks, not caring about getting wet.  He sprints up to 
Washu and grabs her shoulder and spins her around.

"What the hell are you doing at my ship?!" he yells.

"Hey calm down!" she says, "I'm just collecting some samples."

"What the hell makes you think you can just go up to my ship 
behind my back and start taking things?"

"Well when someone as strong as you comes suddenly to planet 
Earth with some sort of secret mission and then lies to cover it up, 
you can't help but investigate."

"Well keep your hands off of my stuff." He says as he grabs a 
small black object from her hands.

"Hey that's..."

"That's my black box.  You can't have this, it contains classified 
information."

"So you ARE on a mission."

"No shit.  This is a highly secret and very important mission, and I 
can't have you interfering."

"So are you here to kidnap me too?"

"Don't think that I would go as low as Dr. Clay.  Besides I have 
never met Lady Tokimi."

"How do you know about Lady Tokimi?" says Washu in a very 
shocked voice.

"I know a lot of things.  To tell you the truth I already knew 
about half of the events that you and Ayeka told me about."

"Who sent you?"

"I already told you that that is classified.  We cannot discuss this 
further."  Kannuki than walks over to his ship and picks up a 
medium sized box from the cockpit area.  He opens it up and takes 
out several sticks of explosives.  He places them around his ship 
and takes a step back.  "You may want to move." He says.  With a 
push of a button he detonates the explosives destroying the rest of 
his ship, leaving no trace at all.  He then starts walking away from 
his ship towards the house.

"I'll see you in the morning for those tests." He says.  "Oh and for 
their sake, don't tell the others that we had this conversation."

It is now several hours later, and the sun is just beginning to rise.  
Kannuki wakes up, lying on the couch in the Living room.  He 
hears noises coming from the Kitchen so he gathers himself and 
stands up.  He heads over to the kitchen and walks in.  He sees 
Sasami standing over the stove preparing breakfast for the others.  
Sasami hearing Kannuki come in turns around and lets out a small 
scream.  After a second she recognizes him from the night earlier.

"Oh it's you.  You're the man who crashed here aren't you?"

"Yea that's me."

"Nice to meet you.  My name is Sasami."

"The names Kannuki.  Nice to meet you too, but why are you 
cooking? The youngest princess of Jurai shouldn't have to do 
that."

"I have to prepare food for everyone because I'm the only one who 
can cook.  Besides I like cooking. But, I wonder, how did you 
know I was the princess of Jurai."

"Well for one thing, it would be pretty hard to not recognize a 
princess of the largest empire in the galaxy.  Plus Ayeka and 
Washu told me everything last night when I first woke up from the 
crash."

"So, Kannuki was it?"

"Yeah."

"How come you're here?  Earth is a restricted area."

"Well it's kind of a long story."  Kannuki then tells Sasami 
everything that he told Ayeka and Ryoko. "And that's pretty much 
it."

"Wow that's amazing.  I'm glad you're okay.  You can join us for 
breakfast. I made enough for you.  Oh my goodness, breakfast!"  
Sasami quickly realizes that she lost track of the food when she 
was listening to Kannuki.  She tries her hardest to fix it, but the 
main dish that she was preparing was way too overcooked to serve.  
She hangs her head and begins crying.

"I ruined breakfast... sniff, and Tenchi will be up in ten minutes."

"Hey don't worry about it." Says Kannuki trying to console her.

"But it's his last day of school and I wanted to make him a special 
breakfast!  Now there's no time."

"Sure there is.  Maybe not for whatever you were making before, 
but there's a lot to make."

"Really?"

"Sure, do you have any eggs?"

"Yes."

"Cheese?"

"Uh huh."

"Bread?"

"Yes."

"Fresh fruit?"

"A little yea."

"How about bacon and sausage?"

"We have sausage but no bacon."

"Then we have plenty.  You start cooking up the eggs.  I'm sure 
you know how to make omelets right?

"I sure do," says Sasami sounding quite a bit cheered up.

"Alright. You make the omelets.  I'll begin microwaving the 
sausage, toasting the toast, and arranging the fruit.  It won't take 
long at all."

"Gotcha!"  

Sasami began cooking eggs while Kannuki prepared his food.  
Within nine minutes the food was ready.

"How did you know how to prepare breakfast?" Sasami asks 
Kannuki.

"Well, when you live alone you have make your own food or else 
you'll go broke.  And after a while you get sick of eating nothing 
but Raman noodles, so I decided to learn to cook simple meals."

"This meal was easy.  I've never had it before."

"I hear it's pretty popular over in America on this planet.  Either 
way it's really inexpensive and as you see, it's fast."

Soon after he says this they hear footsteps coming down the stairs.  
Actually they heard to pairs.  Soon both Tenchi and Ayeka enter 
the Kitchen. 

"...and he somehow survived."  Says Ayeka finishing a short 
conversation with Tenchi.  "Oh. He's awake!" She says as she 
notices Kannuki at the table drinking his tea.  

"You crashed near my house huh?  Seems to happen a lot around 
here. Ha.   Well my names Tenchi nice to meet you."

Kannuki stands up and walks towards Tenchi. "Names Kannuki." 
He says as he shakes Tenchi's hand.  "Nice meeting you too."  

"I can't believe there was a crash and I didn't hear it." Says 
Tenchi.

"It was quite loud actually." Says Ayeka. "How could you not 
have?"

"Well if it weren't for Ryoko.  I can't believe her sometimes.  I 
was trying to study for my finals today and she would not leave me 
alone."

"What do you mean?" yells Ayeka. "She told me that she helped 
you out with your studying."

"If by studying you mean constantly trying to seduce me."

"That whore!  She will pay for this!"

"Ayeka!  We have a guest!"  pleads Sasami while pointing at 
Kannuki.

"You are right Sasami. I am sorry."

"Sit down, I have breakfast ready."

She placed food in front of all three of them.

"Eggs and Sausage!" says Tenchi "Thank you Sasami this is a 
wonderful breakfast."

"Well Tenchi I had some hel..."

"Yes you are a great cook Sasami.  I'm sure glad you can cook this 
well"  says Kannuki.  Sasami smiles at him and runs back to the 
kitchen to grab more food.  She comes back out with more fruit 
and toast.  After she sets it down she looks over towards the stairs.  

"Oh I almost forgot.  Hey Tenchi could you go get Washu." As 
Sasami says this Tenchi gets quite stiff and pale.  

"Get... Washu..." he stutters.

"Hey I'll get her" says Kannuki while standing up (Noticing that 
Tenchi obviously doesn't want to go.)  Tenchi lets out a huge sigh 
of relief.  

Kannuki heads towards the small door that lead to Washu's lab.  
He takes a deep breath and steps in.  He looks forward and sees 
Washu sitting in her chair.  He walks forward, and gets about ten 
feet from her when suddenly a chair pops up from beneath him and 
straps wrap around him locking him in place.  

"Time for some fun my guinea pig." Says Washu.  "You won't 
escape this time."  She spins around and sees not Tenchi but a very 
frightened Kannuki.  "YOU!  What are you doing in my lab?!"

"Mph Mmmph. Hrmph"  says a very gagged Kannuki.

"Dammit I lost him again." Says a very angry and disappointed 
Washu to herself. "Get out of here" she says to Kannuki as she 
presses a button on her keypad that releases his bindings.

"Time... For... Breakfast." Gasps Kannuki who is now on his hands 
and knees.

"Fine I suppose I have time."  Washu walks to the exit and closes 
it behind her.  Kannuki stand up and collects himself.  

"What the hell just happened?"  he says to himself.  "I do not get 
that woman."  He head towards the door and attempts to open it, 
but he finds it very much locked.  He gives it a good shake, then 
looks around for any locking device but is quite unsuccessful.  He 
then tries to ram the door but gets only a bruise.  Giving up on the 
door he walks looks around for any other doors.  He is completely 
unsuccessful.  

"This isn't right.  Where the hell was I last night."  Giving up he 
sits down at Washu's computer.  He hit a button and the screen 
pops up.  He can see only the word "PASSWORD:"  He starts 
hitting random keys and hits enter.  Suddenly the screen turns red 
and the message "To gain access simply input the reason you are 
on Earth and what your mission is."  displays. 

"How did she?  Man this sucks."  Kannuki then sits back and 
begins staring blankly at the ceiling.  Before long he hears the door 
behind him.

"No Tenchi don't let him out!" he hears Washu say.

"Washu stop it!  Hey Kannuki are you in there?"  Says Tenchi.

"Right here."  Replies Kannuki who is now standing and heading 
towards the door.

"I'm really sorry about that." Tenchi says to Kannuki. "Washu is 
kind of difficult sometimes."

"So I noticed.  Thanks for letting me out."

They walk back over to the table and sit down.  Kannuki sees that 
Ryoko has also now joined them.  Kannuki starts eating his food 
again and the rest join him.  The breakfast goes on without much 
conversation.  When they are finished Tenchi grabs his books, says 
his goodbyes and heads off to school.  A disappointed Washu 
heads back into her lab, and Sasami begins clearing the table with 
help from Ayeka.  Kannuki heads over to the living room and sits 
down closely followed by Ryoko.  Kannuki looks outside and 
admires the scenery, but Ryoko stares deeply at Kannuki. 

Kannuki finally notices that Ryoko has been staring at him.  "Do 
you want something?" he says.

"Oh nothing."

"Why are staring at me?"

"I dunno.  Guess I'm just intrigued by you."

"Why's that?"

 "Why did Washu try to lock you in her lab?  Are you hiding 
something?"

"No nothing at all.  What's with the questions?"

"Hey can't a girl be curious?  It's not everyday that people come 
crashing down on a restricted area.  On top of that, you have 
powers that normal people should not have.  Who are you really?  
Where were you raised?  What's your job?" 

"Yes I would like to know too."  Says Ayeka who just walked into 
the room along with Sasami.

"Please tell us." Pleads Sasami.

Kannuki realizes that he is in a bit of a jam.  He figures he can tell 
them about himself without giving away the reason he really is on 
Earth, so he decides he can tell them of his past.

"Alright sit down, I'll tell you everything.  I was born on Jurai a 
long time ago.  I can't tell you my exact age really.  I never  met 
my real parents.  I was instead raised by a man named Arashi.  He 
was a very intelligent man, and was quite skilled in martial arts.  
He lived alone in some remote place of Jurai when one day my real 
mother gave me to him to raise.  Apparently Arashi and my parents 
were pretty good friends or else I don't think he would have been 
willing to raise me.  Arashi never knew, or never told me, why my 
mother gave me up to him.  

Either way he accepted.  He raised me as though I were his own 
child.  He taught me everything I would need to know.  He taught 
me how to survive on my own. He taught me how to fight, as well 
as to know how to not have to fight.  Then one day, 700 years ago 
we received a distress signal from Jurai's capitol.  He told me that 
he was a retired soldier of the royal Jurai army, and that there was 
a terrible battle going on that he had to take part in.  I begged him 
not to go but he went anyway.  He never returned.  

After waiting for three months I headed to Jurai's capitol.  There I 
found out that Arashi had died.  I took the knowledge that I 
acquired from him and set out to start a new life.  I hitched a ride 
to the Keltek, the closest inhabitable planet to Jurai, and the planet 
with the highest crime rate in the Galaxy.  There, I began my life 
as a mercenary.  I took any job that came my way, and I was good 
at them all.  It was then that I realized that I was different.  Living 
alone with Arashi I never realized how strong I was, but when I 
came out into the real world I discovered that I was much more 
powerful than most people.  I thought this was an advantage at 
first, but I soon acquired many enemies on Keltek.  I was disliked 
by not only the police, but by all of the Drug lords and heads of 
criminal organizations as well.  Things got really bad.  The price 
on my head grew higher and higher until the point where even my 
best friends betrayed me thinking that they could cash in on the 
bounty.  

After about 500 years on Keltek, I knew that I had to get out. I 
used what money I had to buy myself a ship.  I set off and began 
exploring the galaxy.  I traveled to nearly every known planet.  

Then one day about 5 years ago, I met a man who said that my 
powers resembled that of the Royal family of Jurai.  He said that 
since I could command these powers that must be related to them 
in some way.  This man attempted to befriend me saying that he 
too was quite powerful and that I would make a worthy adversary.  
I rejected his offer.  This ticked him off a bit, so he tried to capture 
me, saying that I must know the power of Jurai and that that power 
must become his.  I was able to escape, but his words stayed with 
me. This may not come as a surprise, but that mans name was 
Kagato.  

I set out to find out who my real parents were and if I was indeed 
related to the Royal family.  I Returned to Jurai and began 
researching.  I looked into the royal families complete history, but 
there was no mention of me, or anyone that could be me anywhere.  
I attempted to speak with the royal family directly, but I was never 
granted an audience.  I returned to Arashi's house to look for clues 
but I found nothing.  My parents never documented my birth, so 
legally I don't exist.  I don't even have a last name.  

I finally gave up about a year ago and went back to my travels.  I 
thought about becoming a mercenary again, but I decided that 
there was no way I was going to repeat what happened on Keltek.  
I heard that the planet Hyrune was a good place for single men like 
myself to start new lives, so I headed began traveling.  As all of 
you probably already know Hyrune is the closest habitable planet 
to Earth, and the way that the systems were aligned, I had to pass 
through Earth airspace to get there.  When I was passing by my 
ship began experiencing some mechanical failures.  I checked for 
the nearest inhabitable planet, which just so happened to be Earth.  
I headed here thinking that I could find some assistance.  However, 
when I reached the area between the fourth and fifth planets of this 
system, my ship was struck by an asteroid.   I headed for Earth at 
full speed when my ships computer told me I had very little time 
left.  I locked onto whatever Juraian signals I could and targeted 
that area of the Earth.  My landing gear was destroyed so I had to 
attempt a crash landing.  As you all now know, it didn't go well.  
And that's pretty much it."

They sat there staring at him for about a minute.  Finally Ryoko 
spoke up. "Kannuki.  Tell me, 700 years ago when Arashi was 
killed. Was it...  Was it me who killed him?"

Kannuki sits still for about ten seconds, then finally looks up at 
Ryoko.  "Yes." He says. 

"Well I think Ryoko owes you an apology." Speaks Ayeka.

"She may be responsible for killing the only person I have ever 
considered family, or a true friend, but I realize that she was under 
Kagato's control.  Had I sworn revenge on her I would have acted 
by now."

"How did you escape from Kagato?" asks Ryoko, "We barely 
survived when we fought him."

"It wasn't easy.  He did capture me, but before he could get me on 
his ship, I escaped by firing my most powerful blast at his head 
while he wasn't looking.  It didn't hurt him much, but it fazed him 
enough to allow me to grab the nearest vehicle and get out of there.  
I don't think he attempted to pursue, or else he would have caught 
me."

"What are you going to do now?" asks Sasami.

"I'm really not sure.  You see, everything that I owned was on that 
ship.  I have nothing, no money, no ship, and you guys are the 
closest thing I have to friends."

"That's terrible!" says Sasami.  

"I've been in worse situations than him." Says Ryoko almost as if 
she were bragging.

"Yes I'm sure you have," says Ayeka rather snidely "but Kannuki, 
there must be something left in wreckage."

"No there isn't.  After you went to bed I checked out the wreckage 
myself.  There is nothing of any use." 

"Well if there is anything we can do for you, don't hesitate to ask." 
Says Ayeka.

"I know something we can do for him." Says Washu, who none of 
them realized had been standing in the doorway listening in.  "If 
Kannuki and Ayeka would be willing to come into lab, I can take 
some DNA samples to see if he really is part of the royal family."

"Why miss Washu that is a fabulous idea!" says Ayeka "Don't you 
think so Kannuki?"

"Uh, yeah."  Says Kannuki.  He didn't want to go back into 
Washu's lab, but if he didn't it would seem way too suspicious.  
Besides, if Ayeka were with him it wouldn't be a problem.  They 
headed into the lab followed by Ryoko, but not Sasami who went 
back to kitchen to finish cleaning up.  They traveled through 
several doors that weren't there the last time Kannuki was in the 
lab.  The finally got to a small room with several odd looking 
instruments lying.  

"Now this won't take long at all.  All I need is a little blood." Says 
Washu.  Ayeka sticks out her finger and Washu puts a small device 
over it.  The device makes a small clicking noise.

"OW that hurts." Ayeka screams. 

"Aw relax ya big baby." taunts Ryoko.

"Kannuki your turn." Says Washu. He sticks out his finger and 
gets the prick as well.  

"See doesn't that hurt?" says Ayeka.

"Yeah a little.  It's no big deal."

"Alright, you can leave now, were done for now."  Says Washu.  
Ayeka and Ryoko leave, but before Kannuki can he is grabbed by 
Washu.  "YOU can't leave.  We need to talk."

"About what?"

"So how much of that story you told was true?"

"All of it."

"Except for the end."

"Well your right about that, but the rest is true."

"Well it's obvious that you aren't going to tell me about your 
mission, but at least tell me about your run in with Kagato."

"I met him on some remote planet.  He saw me use my powers and 
he approached me.  We talked for a few days and became kind of 
like friends.  He asked me what the secret of my power was, I told 
him that I had no idea.  He didn't believe me, so he tried to force it 
out of me.  You know the rest of the story."

"What did he tell you?"

"He told me that since I wielded that power, I must be of royal 
descent and therefore must know the secret of Jurai.  He said such 
power could not be learned.  That didn't make sense to me because 
he isn't of royal descent and he's was a lot more powerful than 
me."

"Power can be obtained yes, but not the power of Jurai.  The power 
that Kagato controls has different qualities than yours I taught him 
his power, but your power is different. His power can be learned, 
yours must be inherited. Get it?"

"I think so.  Hey does that mean you're able to teach me how to 
use that kind of power?"

"Of course I could teach you how."

"Really!"

"Yes, but I won't.  You think I would tell you to how to control 
something that dangerous?"

"You taught Kagato."

"You think I would have if I had known what he would do with it.  
I will never make that mistake again."

"Well I can't get you to trust me, but at least hear me out.  Washu, 
I am not here to hurt or kidnap anyone.  My mission is not evil in 
any way, believe me on this."

"Well than why are you here."

"You'll find out in due time.   I promise.  Goodbye Washu."  
Kannuki starts walking out of the lab.

"One more thing Kannuki."

"Yeah what."

"Could you please call me little Washu? Please?"

"What."

"Call me little Washu."

"Uh okay, little Washu."

"Thank you." Kannuki finds his way out of the lab and proceeds to 
the kitchen.  He finds Sasami in there finishing up with the 
breakfast dishes.  "Hey Sasami.  I kind of need a shower. Where's 
a bathroom I can use."

"Oh you don't need a bathroom here. Come on." She leads him 
outside and points to the onsen.  "There's a whole hot-spring in 
there that you can use.  Everything you need should be in there.  
Washu made it.  I bet it'll feel really good after that crash."

"Yeah, thank you."  Kannuki heads over to the onsen and goes 
inside.  He sees two signs, one reading "women's bath" the other 
reading "men's bath".  He goes to the men's bath up the stairs.  He 
gets ready, and steps into the bath.  He sits there for a good long 
while staring forward and relaxing.  After about 30 minutes he 
hears steps behind him.  "Who could that be?" he thinks to himself.  
As he turns around he hears the steps stop.  He looks right where 
he heard the steps, but sees no one.  "What the hell" he mutters.  
He spins around back to how he was facing before.  There right in 
front of him is a smiling Ryoko.  Kannuki jumps back rather 
quickly.  "What are doing in here?  This is the men's bath."  

Ryoko uprights herself, exposing to Kannuki that she is quite nude.  
"I know that, thought you might want some company."

"Uh well...  You're... uh..."

"Oh what? You've never seen a naked woman before?"

"Well of course I have... just, never in private."

"You're a virgin!  You!  Ha that's great.  Mr. All powerful man 
living on Keltek, and you've never had sex! Oh that's too funny."

"Like it's any of your business."  Kannuki tries his best to look 
away. 

"Hey, why are you being so shy?  If it makes you feel better, I'm a 
virgin too."

"You've gotta be kidding me."

"No, but I'm different."

"I don't see how you're any different from me.  I lived most of my 
life in a remote spot of Jurai.  After that I lived on a planet where 
the only women are prostitutes, and ugly ones at that.  Also, 
though I may have a rough history, I DO have my morals.  I'm not 
going to sleep with any woman I run across."

"Or any woman for that matter."

"I can't believe you.  Your mocking me for being a virgin, but 
you're one yourself.  On top of that you come into the men's bath 
without so much as a towel on."

"Hey I bath like this all the time.  Get used to it."

"I also heard from Tenchi that you were trying to seduce him last 
night."

"Yeah so what."

"Well don't tell me that a senior in high school is going to turn 
down a beautiful woman like you."

"He's a tough one, but I'll get him some day."

"He sounds like kind of a pansy."

"Hey DON'T call him a pansy.  Tenchi has saved my life in more 
ways than one.   Before I met him I was an evil space pirate.  Now 
because of him I have finally been able to express myself and live 
peacefully.  I love Tenchi, I would die for him if I had to."

"Wow."

"Haven't you ever had anyone like that?"

"Not really.  Arashi was like a father to me, but he's really the only 
person I have ever considered to be a friend.  Sure I had some 
friends on Keltek, but they all betrayed me if they got a price high 
enough.  For the last 200 years I have been traveling from planet to 
planet, and I have met some people I think I can trust, but nobody 
that I can consider a friend."

"You know now that I think about it, you and me have a lot in 
common.  We've both been alone most of our lives, living as 
outlaws, with no real friends."

"Yeah well at least you've got something going for you now.  
You've found a place you can live and have everything you need.  
I just lost absolutely everything.  Everything I owned was on my 
ship.  I literally have nothing, not even an identity.  I have to go.  
It's been nice talking to you."  Kannuki gets up, gets dressed, and 
leaves Ryoko alone.  Ryoko sits in the bath for a while than finally 
gets up and phases into some clothes (her usual blue and yellow 
kimono with the tail). 

 She teleports into the living room, where Ayeka is reading a book 
silently.  Ryoko grabs the T.V. remote and flips it on.  She flips 
through the channels and begins stops at one of her favorite shows.   
She turns up the volume, which annoys Ayeka a bit.  

"Do you mind?  I am reading and I would like some peace and 
quiet." She says.

"Yeah well then you shouldn't have picked the only room that has 
a T.V.  to read in."

"You are impossible.  Could you at least turn the volume down?"

"No way.  I was here first."

"No were not.  I was sitting here peacefully and you just phase in 
and begin listening to the television loudly.  And another thing, I 
saw you go into the men's area of the bath while Kannuki is in 
there. Can't you give anyone a bit of privacy?"

"Speaking of Kannuki, something really seems to be bothering 
him."

"Yes, he only just lost all he has in a terrible crash."

"Hey don't get sarcastic with me!  I mean it.  I believe it's deeper 
than that.  It's almost like, like..."

"Like it's no accident that he's on Earth." Says Washu, who just 
stepped out of her lab.

"What do you mean?" asks Ayeka.

"I'm not sure of it, but I believe he is on a mission that involves all 
of us, and that the crash was just a setback.  I can't be sure of it, 
but I think we need to keep an eye on him."

"So you think his whole story was false."

"No. I think he was telling the truth about his past, but not his 
recent past.  I do however have the results of the DNA test."

"Well what does it say?" asks Ayeka. 

"You two are in no way related.  Your blood and Kannuki's share 
no family links.  However I did discover that he gets his power 
from the same source as you.  This does not mean anything though.  
He may have got it from Tsunami or Tokimi for all we know.  I 
was also able to discover that he is not nearly as powerful as either 
of you.  I believe with proper training he could be, but for now he 
is no threat to any of us.  Besides, I don't think he intends to hurt 
any of us, even if he could."

"How do you know all of this?" asks Ryoko.

"You wouldn't understand if I told you, but lets just say that I can 
learn a lot from a simple blood sample."

"Is that why you tried to trap him in your lab this morning?" asks 
Ryoko.

"Well sort of.  I was going to try and get some information out of 
him, but I think I know enough now.  The only question now is 
what we do with him."

"I think we should offer to let him stay here for a while.  I'm sure 
Tenchi wouldn't mind another person living here." Says Ayeka.  

"Well maybe," says Washu, "But I have a better idea."

Meanwhile...

Kannuki walks up the stairs thinking to himself.  "This better be a 
nice shrine.  There has to be at least a thousand stairs here."  He 
continues up, but stops when he hears a twig snap behind him.  He 
spins around and sees a brown blur go into the woods in the corner 
of his eye.  "What the?"  After looking around for a second he 
turns around and heads up the stairs again.  He once again hears a 
noise behind him, but ignores it for a second.  Then he suddenly 
spins around and grabs the small cabbit that was following him.  
"Gotcha.  You must be Ryo-Ohki."

"Miya" says Ryo-Ohki while cocking her head looking quite 
confused.

"I'm Kannuki, Ayeka and Washu told me about you."

"Miyaa!"

"Why were you following me?"

"Miya miyaaa."

"This would be easier if I could understand you."

"Mrah." Says Ryo-Ohki as she squirms out of his hand and jumps 
to the stairs.  She goes up a few steps and looks back at Kannuki.  
"Miyyaa."  She then starts running up the stairs.  Kannuki starts 
running up behind her.  They finally reach the top, but Ryo-Ohki 
keeps running.  Ryo-Ohki goes right into the shrine and hooks 
right after the door.  Kannuki runs through the door behind her, 
trying to keep up, but instead runs right into Katsuhito.  Katsuhito 
doesn't move, but Kannuki goes down.

"Now young man, why are you in such a hurry?" asks Katsuhito.  

"I think Ryo-Ohki was trying to show me something.  Oh sorry."  
He gets up.  "The names Kannuki, nice to meet you." He says as 
he shakes his hand."

"Yes the lady Ayeka has told me about you.  It is most unfortunate 
that you have lost your ship.  Well Kannuki, please join me for 
some tea."

"Wait, what was it that Ryo-Ohki wanted to show me?"  

"Oh I believe it was nothing." Says Katsuhito while pointing at 
Ryo-Ohki who now has a sly smile on her face.

"All right, thanks."  He walks over to the table with the tea on it 
and sits down.  Katsuhito pours him a cup and he thanks him.

"So you were raised by a man named Arashi?" says Katsuhito.

"Yes I was." Replies Kannuki.

"I believe I knew him."  

"You knew Arashi! How?"

"Well as Ayeka probably told you I am really Yosho, the ex-crown 
prince of Jurai, who has left that life and became a priest in a small 
Earth temple."

"Yeah she mentioned something like that."

"Well when I lived on Jurai I knew him well.  He was a brave and 
noble man.  My family respected him for all that he had done for 
us.  After a long life of service he decided to quite the Juraian army 
and live a peaceful life alone.  He had reached the level of general, 
and deserved a rest.  However when Ryoko attacked Jurai he 
returned to action for one last battle.  He fought bravely, but could 
not hurt Ryoko.  Then as she flew away in Ryo-Ohki she clipped 
the building that Arashi was standing near.  The building collapsed 
on top of Arashi, killing him."

"Thank you for telling me this.  Tell me, you knew Arashi well, 
but did you know my mother?"

"I am afraid I do not.  Arashi did tell us that he was raising a child, 
but he never mentioned who gave the child to him."

"You must know something.  Do you even have a guess."

"I do not."

"That's alright.  I've pretty much given up on trying to figure out 
who I am anyway."

"That is a shame.  A man should not live without knowing who he 
really is.  Knowledge of one's self is the best knowledge a person 
can have.  Things must be very difficult for you right now.  That 
ship was your home right?"

"Yeah it was."

"So everything you own was on it."

"Yup."

"Well I believe that you should stay here with us.  There is no way 
for you to leave Earth, and without proper identification it is not 
possible to live successfully on Earth."

"Thanks, but I think I can handle it."

"Don't let yourself get overcome with pride.  I must insist that you 
stay.  There is much I would like to learn about you."

"Hey no offense, but what is it with everyone wanting to know 
everything about me around here?"

"I see.  I suppose everyone who lives here has been asking you 
questions like crazy.  Sorry about that.  Come with me to the 
house.  We will arrange things for you."

"Thanks Yosho.  I really appreciate this."

"Please, I have left that life behind me.  Call me either Katsuhito or 
grandfather." 

"Alright."

Katsuhito leads Kannuki down the stairs, with Ryo-Ohki following 
close behind.  They approach the house and enter.   They find 
Ayeka, Washu, and Ryoko in the living room.  

"Listen up." Says Katsuhito sharply.  They look over at him and 
listen.  "I'm sure you are all aware of our friend here's situation.  
He has nothing, and no one.  I believe it is best that he stay with us.  
We have enough room and I'm sure he will be happy to help out 
around the house."

"Well that's very gracious of you," says Washu, "but I'm afraid I 
have a better idea.  Since he was only trying to go to Hyrune, I 
think we should take him there ourselves.  I can provide for him 
anything that he would need."

"Now, that's a very nice gesture miss Washu, but I really must 
insist that he stay." Replies Katsuhito.

"Thank you very much honorable Katsuhito." Says Kannuki with a 
bow.  "I am grateful you would do that for me Washu, but I think 
life here will be a lot better than on Hyrune."

"Well I for one am glad you are staying." Says Ayeka cheerfully.  
Ryoko and Washu were not as happy, but hid their disappointment.  

"I believe we have a guest room that is unused.  Ayeka, will you 
please show him to it?" asks Kannuki.

"Certainly" says Ayeka cheerfully.  Ayeka leads Kannuki up the 
stairs and into the unoccupied room.  Katsuhito then returns to the 
shrine, leaving Washu and Ryoko alone.

"Well you were right Washu," says Ryoko, "He definitely is on 
Earth for a reason.  What do you think he's here for."

"Well at first I thought he may be here to kidnap one of us, like 
some demented guy like Dr. Clay, but I'm not so sure of that 
anymore.  The second thought is that he may be a royal watchdog 
here to bring back Ayeka and Sasami.  I am thinking this because 
when he first woke up last night he asked if they were here.  I'm 
pretty sure he was kind of out of it then, and wouldn't have made 
such a mistake if he were alert.  However that idea doesn't fit right 
either.   I know the Emperor wishes for Ayeka and Sasami to 
return home and forget about Tenchi, but I don't think Misaki and 
Funaho would allow him to pull such a stunt."

"Unless they don't know about it."

"Correct, but still, when the emperor came he found out that Ayeka 
and Sasami would not leave here for any reason.  I believe it was 
not the emperor at all who sent him."

"Well then who sent him?"

"I don't know, but I have one last guess.  I hope this isn't it, but as 
you know the Juraian Royal family has a lot of enemies.   He may 
be an assassin sent to eliminate Ayeka."

"Well that doesn't sound so bad."

"Shut up for a second please.  I am not afraid for our lives at all 
really.  The test showed he has much less power than we do.  On 
top of that, he wouldn't be able to escape.  His ship is entirely 
destroyed.  Besides, an good assassin doesn't announce himself, or 
wait an entire day to strike."

"Why not just wait and find out.  Time tells all right?"

"I'm afraid you may be right on this one.  I don't trust him, but I'm 
afraid we have no choice.  Besides, Katsuhito, Sasami, and Ayeka 
seem to have taken a liking to him.  I personally don't like him, but 
that's the way it goes sometimes."

"I have nothing against him.  If his story is true than we have a lot 
in common.  Give him a chance at least."

"Since when have you given people a chance?  Sounds like you've 
matured a bit."

"Ah shut up." Says Ryoko while looking a little embarrassed."

Washu turns around and starts heading towards her lab.  She gets 
about halfway there and stops.  She turns around and gets a 
worried look on her face.  "Ryoko, do you hear that?"

"Hear what?"

"Listen." 

Ryoko sits still listening.  "Oh no." she says.  "I guess she's back.  
Well we had better get ready."  They just barely brace themselves, 
when a galaxy police ship slams into lake by the house causing a 
huge tidal wave to crash over the house.  The house creaks, but 
stays standing... this time.  Kannuki runs down the stairs looking 
kind of shocked.  

"What the hell was that!?"

"That, was Mihoshi." Says Washu.

They finished cleaning up the mess from the crash, and introduced 
Kannuki to Mihoshi.  She wasn't really curious about him, so not 
much was told, just that he had crashed and lost everything.   Like 
the princesses, she took an immediate liking to him (of course, 
befriending Mihoshi isn't exactly difficult.) Before long Tenchi 
came home and was greeted very happily by Ayeka and Ryoko.  
Over dinner, Kannuki told Tenchi, Mihoshi, and Nobuyuki his 
entire story (with the edited ending of course.)  The night was 
mostly uneventful, and they all went to sleep and prepared 
themselves for another day with a new member of the Masaki 
household.  


Coming soon: Chapter 2

Did you like it or hate it?  
Have any questions, comments or  suggestions?
E-mail me at Twigz221@skateboard.com 

