Disclaimer: Within this story, there will be the 
mentioning of characters created by someone who is in
fact, not me. So just to be clear on this, I am using 
them for my own personal enjoyment in writing, and if 
some other people enjoy reading it, all the better. 
The point is, don't sue me, because it would simply be a 
waste of time and money, and it really wouldn't be worth 
it. Thanks for listening.

Author's notes: This tale takes place within the OAV reality, so keep
that in perspective. Further, I believe that I should add that
this fic contains elements which could be classified as 'dark'. 
It is not a completely dark fic persay, and there are indeed
light hearted moments, I just felt that I should warn you. So
if you only like fics that are happy happy the whole time, and
you find the concept of mental angst and depression to be
completely unappealing to you...don't read.



Quote of the Day:
"I don't see why a preacher should be stuck in a situation like this.
I'm a man of God, for god's sake!"
				- Nicholas D. Wolfwood. (Trigun)





		Dust to Dust
		Ashes to Ashes
		Soul to Soul
		I will remember never again
		Remember now

		Remember now
		The dream you had
		Before you were born
		The Dream has died out

		Carry your heart to where you sense the cry comes from
		Carry your heart till the end

		Come and touch the feel of the heat going through my mind
		Come and touch and don't be scared
		If it's bleeding

		Carry your heart to where you sense the cry comes from
		Carry your heart till the end

	
	-- "Message #9" -- from 'Gasaraki'



	**********

JUNE MERMAID
Chapter 1: Where Soft Rains Fell

	**********


	The gray ship hurtled through the endless vacuum of 
absolute zero, heading at top speed towards its destination. 
The hull of the ship penetrated the blackness of space as it 
drove onward and onward, through the zone where nary a sound 
can heard. Within it's chambers where 3 passengers.
	One, who was working diligently at the control systems, 
was a small woman. She had a vast shock of red, spiky hair, 
descending down her back and past her knees. Her green eyes 
danced across the control circuits, almost as quickly as her hands. 
	One other was standing looking out of the window of the 
ship, scanning the vastness of space, watching with a certain 
degree of mental contentness as the stars coalesced and sped 
past the window as myriad lines of light, as the gray ship 
barreled through hyperspace. The girl was of average height, 
standing a few inches less than six feet. Her cyan hair was set 
above her head, jutting out in various self styled spikes, which 
descended down towards the small of her back. Her golden eyes gleamed 
with mischief and the desire to fight for what she believed in.
	The final passenger, the commander in chief on board this 
ship, was a man. He stood also at an average height, just under 6 
feet. He had short, black spiky hair and a short ponytail off the 
back of his head. The window to his soul was guarded by two soft 
brown eyes, which he gazed through with a certain degree of 
compassion. At least...when he wasn't angry. He stared angrily at 
the screen in front of him, displaying an older man.
	"Don't give me that...just let me speak to the emperor!" he 
barked at the screen.
	The other man's facial expression narrowed. "No. His majesty 
has taken...a leave of absence, I'm afraid."
	The younger man frowned. "What are you talking about?"
	The other man sneered. "We found out about his little 'mission' 
that he sent the three of you barbarians on. Do you think that the 
holy council wouldn't notice such a thing, Sydney?"
	Sydney's frown deepened. "I...see. But, we have already made 
contact with..."
	"Irrelevant." The older man cut him off. "Jurai has no use for 
such a thing. No human could possibly control such power. Your contract 
has been officially cancelled, I'm afraid."
	Sydney's eyes widened, and he slammed his fist into screen. 
"You mean after all of the shit we had to go through..."
	The old man smiled. "Furthermore, as penance in act of your 
betraying the holy council of Jurai, the three of you are officially 
sentenced to death."
	Sydney's eyes widened. "You...you son of a bitch..." he 
whispered in fear and anger.
	The other man waved. "Bye now!"
	The screen turned off with a high pitched click. Sydney stumbled 
back from the screen, temporarily losing his sense of being. He 
stumbled until he collided with a railing a few meters behind the 
communication equipment. The cyan haired girl floated over to him, 
and wrapped her arms around him.
	She nuzzled his neck. "So, how much is he going to pay us?"
	Sydney barely even noticed that she was there. He was sweating 
profusely, and breathing heavily, staring at the floor below him. <How 
could this happen? Even after we almost got *killed*, more than 5 times? 
Even after I finally made contact with the wave existence?>
	The girl pulled back from him a little, picking up on his distress, 
and gave him a tender kiss on the cheek. "I take it was a lot of 
money, then?" She giggled, not really picking up on why he was distressed.
	Sydney finally turned to face her, his eyes full of fear. 
"Raven...the emperor was...ousted...they found out."
	Raven's eyes widened, as she pulled back from him. "What's going 
to happen to us, then?"
	Sydney remained silent for a moment, thinking of exactly what *was* 
going to happen to them. After managing to lower his relative fear of about 
imminently being on the receiving end of Jurai's wrath, he calmed 
himself. He closed his eyes, and took a deep breath. He opened his 
eyes, and looked into Raven's eyes, seeing her fear. He managed a 
small smile for her, regardless of the state they were now in. 
	"I think you know what's going to happen to us, Raven." He said 
quietly.
	She smiled sadly, then kissed him. "Well...it was fun, wasn't 
it? We sure did a lot of stuff together, huh?"
	Sydney smiled, and wrapped his arms around her. "Yeah, we sure 
did. But, you know us. We sure as hell aren't going to go down without 
a fight, right?"
	Raven chuckled, and hugged him as tight as she could, not really 
wanting to accept the fate that had been handed down to them by the gods.
	Sydney slowly pulled out of the embrace, and ran over to the 
other side of the control room, to the frantic red headed scientist. 
"Hey, Yoko!"
	The scientist turned to him, with an expression of sadness on 
her face. "Yeah, yeah. I heard. Prep for battle stations, right?"
	Sydney nodded with a determined look on his face. "Damn right! 
Not even the Jurai Empire will take the Beowulf without a fight!"
	Yoko smiled, and turned over to her controls, slowly letting 
her life replay over inside the realms of her consciousness. <It really 
was fun...>, she thought to herself.
	Sydney ran over to the command chair, and sat down. As he did, 
he quickly pressed a few buttons on the console on the armrest of the 
chair, bringing up a holographic screen, which showed the Beowulf in 
wire-frame, all in green.
	Raven ran over to the doorway, and phased through it. She flew 
at top speed down the small corridors of the small ship, until she came 
to the weapons platform. She entered the room, and looked around, and 
smiled. She had spent a lot of time in this small room over the course 
of her career, blasting rival mercenaries, pirates, annoying GP...and 
then there were those few times that her and Sydney had 'celebrated' 
after a battle well fought, right in this very room...
	She shook her head from her current line of thought, and sat down 
in the chair. She took a deep breath in, knowing that this was probably 
the last time that she ever would see this room.
	Sydney was looking out into the vastness of space, as it speed 
past the main screen. He sat in the command chair, with the pilots' 
controls less than an arm's length out in front of him. He cocked his 
head to the side.
	"Yoko! Anything?" he called out to the control board operative.
	She shook her head. "Not yet. I've changed our course 180 degrees, 
but they will probably be here anytime now. We were only 40 million 
clicks from Jurain space. The Beowulf isn't as fast as the most advanced 
gunboats, are, unfortunately."
	Sydney smiled to himself. "Damn that emperor..."
	The three of them sat in silence for another 20 minutes, silently 
reflecting on their lives, enjoying the memories that they had built with 
one another, structuring each others lives. They had created each other, 
as they had created themselves.
	Suddenly, a small blipping noise emanated from the control board. 
"I've got a reading!" Yoko yelled, taking in the sight of digitally 
transmitted data. "Over 55 class 9 gunboats converging on our position!"
	Sydney sighed. "Class 9? Sassy bastards..."
	Yoko fingers were dancing about the control panel. "We are being hailed."
	Sydney nodded. "Let 'em through."
	The main viewing screen, which had an unobstructed view of outer 
space, was replaced by a militant looking Juraian official. "Traitorous 
ship Beowulf. This is the Juraian battle fleet Eldridge. Heave to, and 
prepare to be boarded. Surrender yourselves for immediate execution."
	Sydney smiled, and looked over at Yoko. She smiled back, and gave 
him the thumbs up. He looked back at the Juraian commander. "I have a 
better idea. Why don't you piss off and we'll spare your worthless lives?"
	The commander became visually angered. "You insolent wretch! You 
are outnumbered fifty times! So be it, then." He turned to face someone 
on his ship. "Order all flights to engage!"
	Sydney pressed a button on his console, disengaging the COM link. 
He pressed a large, blue button on the armrest, and held it. He spoke 
into a small microphone next to the button. "Raven, it's time to go ass 
kickin'."
	A female voice answered, "Roger!", and Sydney smiled. He really was 
going to miss this life, he decided. His face suddenly became serious, as 
he grabbed a hold of the flight stick, and switched the controls of the 
ship over to manual.
	"Yoko, disengage us from hyperspace immediately!" he barked, 
while prepping the controls for combat.
	The lines that indicated the ship was travelling at the speed of 
light slowed, and suddenly became white dots. He turned to face Yoko.
	"Well?" he asked.
	She quickly read over the data on the screen. "They have disengaged 
from hyperspace, just under 2 light seconds from here."
	Sydney smiled. "Here we go!"
	He fired the engines up and rocketed forward towards the 
momentarily prone fleet of Juraian space tree ships. The sight of the 
massive ships began to fill the view screen. He pressed the communicator 
button.
	"Raven?" he barked.
	There was slight hesitance, before she answered. "The plasma 
conduits are still only at 80%."
	He shook his head. "I don't care. Just shoot!"
	"Roger!"
	Pink beams of plasma began to streak from the hull of the Beowulf 
towards the turning space tree ships. The beams crashed into the side 
of them, tearing asunder the wall of the large ships. Sydney was 
concentrating on dodging similar fire coming from the large ships. After all, 
the commander was right. They *were* outnumbered fifty times.
	The ship shook violently as a large green beam smashed into the 
side of the Beowulf's shields.
	"Shield's reduced by 64.8%!!!" Yoko yelled from her chair a few 
feet from Sydney.
	He shook his head. "In one shot..." he pressed the COM button 
again. "Raven, how are the Nova bombs?"
	The slightly distorted voice answered back. "We only have two 
left. One has been tainted by the coolant, from the last battle."
	He shook his head, and looked over to Yoko. "Jettison the coolant!"
	"But we'll burn up if we try to..." she stopped as she saw the 
expression on his face, and nodded. "...Roger."
	A few button presses later, 5 large, white barrel shaped objects 
were jettisoned from the side of the Beowulf.
	"They're preparing to fire again!" Yoko yelled. 
	Sydney quickly began to roll and weave the ship through the mass 
of much larger ships, in hopes that their fire would scorn each other.
	Yoko never looked away from her console as she yelled, "Get in 
closer, if you can. They won't be able to activate their light hawk 
wing shields if we're too close."
	Sydney did as he was instructed, and got in closer to one of the 
ships. He smiled as other ships began to fire at him, their green 
plasma beams raking into the side of their comrades ship instead of the 
Beowulf, while the Beowulf's plasma cannons were rapidly shooting at 
anything and everything in sight.
	Sydney opened up the COM again. "How about now, Raven?"
	"All set! The bombs are ready to roll anytime!" she yelled back, 
as she continued to mercilessly fire at the other ships.
	Sydney smiled. "Fire."
	Raven smiled as well. "On it!"
	Sydney banked and rolled, and got as far away from the ships as 
he could, while still dodging the merciless assault they were directing 
at his ship. Two missiles were sent flying from the back of the ship, 
directly at the cluttered Juraian ships.
	Sydney turned his head. "Yoko?"
	She was frantically typing. "We won't be able to completely 
avoid the blasting zone!"
	Sydney shook his head. "Shit." He opened the com. "Raven, brace 
for impact."
	No more than 2 seconds later, all of space was illuminated in a 
brilliant white flash, sending the Beowulf careening away from the 
epicenter of the massive explosion. The ship was rocked violently for 
several seconds, which was immediately followed by flashing red lights 
and screaming sirens all throughout the small ship.
	"Turn off the damn sirens!" Sydney screamed. When they were 
turned off, he continued. "Damage report!"
	"Stasis modulator has been severely damaged. Hyperspace jump is 
completely impossible. Plasma conduits are also in a state of severe 
ruin. Fuel tanks have been internally ruptured. The Cryo-Restraint Coupler 
has broken, and now the uranium segmenters are imbalanced and severely
fluctuating as a result." Yoko chuckled, and then looked over at him. 
"In other words...we're totally screwed."
	Sydney shook his head. "Damn, that didn't last nearly as long as 
I hoped it would. How about them? How many did we take down?"
	Yoko slowly scanned the readout. "Umm...13 ships."
	Sydney chuckled to himself as he looked at the screen to see the 
remaining fleet rapidly approaching their crippled ship. He sighed and 
leaned back into the chair, leaving the control console. He looked over 
at Yoko. "Hey, it was fun, Red."
	Yoko shook her head smiling. "How many times do I have to tell you 
to stop calling me that?" she sighed. "I really wish that I would've got 
at least one chance to examine you, now that you've met with the wave 
existence."
	Sydney laughed and scratched the back of his head. He opened the 
COM; not taking his eyes off of the fleet that was about to bring about 
their complete annihilation. "Hey, Raven? You still there?"
	Raven was also leaning back in her chair, her arms crossed, 
looking out her viewing screen. "Yup, I'm still here."
	Sydney's expression suddenly became very sad, as he closed his 
eyes. "You know, I never did say this...but, I guess no holdin' back 
now. I love you, Raven."
	Raven smiled greatly, as tears began to flow unchecked down her 
face. "You...never said..." she said happily, but she didn't get to 
finish, as the Juraian fleets plasma cannons tore into the Beowulf, 
and it exploded in a brilliant flash of light, vaporizing anything and 
everything on board.

	Cold. That was all she could really feel. The biting coldness 
of her surroundings, creating an almost surreal experience. There were 
other things, as well. Loneliness and fear were exceptionally prominent, 
here in this extreme blackness. Black as far as she could see. And yet, 
even though she hated black...hated darkness...hated loneliness...it 
was nothing compared to the cold.
	Ryoko blinked back tears as she called out once again. "Washu? 
Hey...Washu? Are you there?"
	Washu wouldn't just leave Ryoko here, would she? Tie her up, 
and leave, when Washu KNEW that Ryoko hated cold. Hated loneliness. 
Hated the dark. Washu wouldn't do such a thing, right? Washu didn't hate 
Ryoko, right? Washu was Ryoko's mother...wasn't she?
	Ryoko's breath quickened as she realized that her cries were 
falling upon deaf ears. Tears began to freely stream down her face 
unchecked. She began to cry out desperately into the darkness. 
	"Please, mommy! Mommy, don't leave me here! Anything! I'll do 
anything! PLEASE!!!" Ryoko screamed again and again. 
	Ryoko realized that there was no one there and simply put all of 
her effort into sobbing. She remained almost completely motionless; 
sobbing and weeping uncontrollably strapped half-naked to a large machine 
inside the darkness of Washu's laboratory, stripped of all of her powers, 
and all of her sense of dignity.
	Ryoko's eyes began to grow bloodshot as her crying continued on 
and on. Her soul was screaming out to be rescued, to be saved from her 
torment, but no one heard it. No one was there. She was alone...again.
	Ryoko was so caught up in her own despair; she didn't hear the 
sound of someone chuckling to themselves faintly.
	Washu watched with great interest as her camcorder rolled, 
recording the frailness and torment of Ryoko's emotions. 
	<Hey, even the toughest eggs crack eventually, right?> Washu 
thought to herself. <There now, Ryoko-chan. You can't keep up that fake 
persona forever, now can you?>
	Washu continued to chuckle to herself lightly, as she continued 
to watch Ryoko sob uncontrollably to herself. Ryoko's face was stained 
with tears, and mucus from her nose that was also streaming down her 
face, as she had no way of stopping it with her hands, since they were 
bound. 
	Then, with all of her strength, Ryoko managed to look up, with 
clenched eyes, she screamed as loud and as desperately as she possibly 
could, 
	"TEEEEEEENNNCCCHHHIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!"
	After which, she slumped over, and continued to sob, only much 
slower, and much more painfully. If this continued, she would surely 
pass out from dehydration.
	Washu sighed, realizing when Ryoko screamed exactly what kind 
of mistake doing this was. There was no reason for her to do this to 
her own daughter...was there? Just because she wanted Ryoko to open 
up to her emotions more, didn't mean she should be so callous 
towards her.
	However, Washu wasn't about to walk out and cut Ryoko down, 
and let her go. Washu's pride was much too strong to admit that she 
was wrong. Washu closed her eyes in slight regret as she turned the 
camcorder off. Even though she never acted like it, she was indeed Ryoko's 
mother. At the very least, she shouldn't have recorded Ryoko's private 
shame.
	Ryoko's breathing was slowing, as she was starting to lose her 
ability to cry from exhaustion. All she could really do now was tremble 
from the cold and the fear. 
	"Tenchi..." she whimpered, as her head slumped over, and she 
fell into the realms of unconsciousness.

	The young, short woman stood atop the roof, looking out over the 
vast land in display in front of her. The woman stood no more than 4 
and a half feet tall, wearing a white long sleeved shirt, which clung 
to her and fit her body shape perfectly. Her pants were black, and a 
little bit baggy, but they were held in place by her large belt, which 
also had a holster for her large blaster, which she kept at her side.
	The woman had a large amount of spiky, red hair, which descended 
down to her knees. Her green eyes surveyed the scene before her with 
great interest. She sighed unhappily to herself, knowing that this 
serene scene would soon be filled with carnage, bloodshed, and this 
beautiful hillside would soon become nothing more than a sea of desolation.
	She heard someone approach her, and she turned to face her 
visitor when she recognized him. He stood about five and a half feet. 
He was of an average build. His hair was short, black, and spiky, and 
it had a short ponytail at the back. He was wearing loose ornate robes, 
which were designed more for movement than looks. He wore a grin on his 
face and a beautiful sword at his side. He looked at her gently through 
his soft brown eyes.
	He stepped up next to the girl, and looked out over the valley with 
her. He stood quietly for a few moments before he spoke.
	"So Yuka-chan, I see that you've decided to appreciate the finer 
things in life, hmm? I never thought you'd be one to appreciate nature." 
He chuckled.
	Yuka smiled as she returned her gaze to the rolling hillside. 
"Yup, I guess you're right there! I'll probably always be a scientist 
before I'm a human, Ashley. But...I suppose that if I ever wanted to 
take an interest in something like this, now would be the time, since 
it isn't going to be as pretty by tomorrow."
	Ashley nodded his head sagely. "Indeed. It really is a shame 
that so many people will be sacrificed."
	Yuka shook her head and turned to look at Ashley. "No, no. 
Don't think like that. Sumirei wouldn't want you to. Besides, all 
of us are willing to give our lives for our cause, Ashley. You shouldn't 
demean that by wishing it weren't so."
	"You're right, of course." He chuckled. "Do you really think 
that if we manage to take the palace...?"
	"Well, that all depends on your girlfriend."
	Ashley noticeably tensed. "Hey now, she's not my girlfriend! 
We're just friends! Nothing more!"
	Yuka chuckled. "That's funny. She gives me a different account 
on that issue."
	Ashley chuckled nervously, and scratched the back of his head. 
"Come on now, you don't believe that, do you?" he said.
	Yuka crossed her arms and threw on a playful grin. "Well, who 
should I believe? The high priestess, or a lowly *knight* of the High 
priestess? Hmm?"
	"Umm..." Ashley nervously coughed, and desperately wracked 
his brain to think of another issue to bring up, to change the 
subject. "So...uh...are you going to be leading a squad, Yuka-chan?"
	Yuka sighed, and returned her gaze to the fields. She really 
wanted to keep teasing the poor guy, but there was no sense in 
getting him angry. "Yes, I am. Sumirei asked me to lead."
	Ashley nodded. "Yes, that's good. I'm sure with you in command, 
we will be able to take the palace easily."
	Yuka sighed. "I really hope Tsunami is right about this...if she's 
not, it means the end of our order."
	Ashley's only response was a silent nod. The two of them stood 
silently gazing out over the hillside, trying to think of their happiest 
times, before they were required to be plunged into the onslaught of combat.
	The two of them were interrupted from their silent reverie 
when they heard the sound of someone approaching them. They turned to 
see who it was.
	Standing about 2 meters away, was a very beautiful woman. She was 
clothed in beautiful raiments, wearing a priestess's gown, which was a 
bright red, and lined with gold. She wore a beautiful golden necklace. 
She stood about the same height as Ashley. Her hair was spiked, in the 
same fashion as Yuka's. Only hers fell down no further than her waist, 
and was cyan instead of red. She gazed longingly at Ashley with her 
beautiful golden feline eyes.
	Ashley stammered like an idiot, "Oh, uh, priestess Sumirei! 
How...how are you today?"
	She smiled gently at him......then tackled him.
	"Oh, Ashley! I missed you *SO MUCH*! You shouldn't leave me 
alone like that! I was so worried if something had happened to you!" She 
cried, nuzzling her face against his check, while he tried desperately to 
escape her embrace on the ground, without offending her dignity.
	Yuka chuckled. "*Just* friends, huh?"
	Sumirei giggled as she stood up and brushed herself off. Ashley 
slowly rose to his feet. As he did, Sumirei latched onto his arm 
possessively. Ashley just shook his head, as the two girls giggled.
	Ashley cleared his throat. "So...are you prepared for the assault 
tomorrow, Sumirei?"
	She just stared into his eyes. "Uh-huh."
	Ashley began to blush furiously.
	Yuka walked a few feet closer to the roof's edge. "I hope you 
are. We're all counting on you, ya know."
	Sumirei's face became serious. "I won't fail, Yuka-chan. I swear 
that our people will be avenged, in the name of Tsunami."
	Yuka faced Sumirei. "That's good to hear."
	Sumirei looked back up at Ashley. His eyes began to twitch, and 
his face became an even deeper shade of red. She smiled sweetly. "Smile, 
Ashley."
	"Huh...uh...what?"
	She held her gaze. "Smile. You look so handsome when you do. 
There's no reason to be unhappy, Ashley. So smile. Let the universe see 
your wonderful smile."
	Ashley turned his gaze over to Sumirei. He stared into her golden 
eyes...and he couldn't *help* smiling.
	Yuka looked back and forth between the two of them. She scratched 
her head. "Um...I'll go see if I left any of my inventions running. See you!"
	Yuka ran off like a bat out of hell. Ashley and Sumirei watched 
her run off. They chuckled, and sat down together, looking back out 
over the fantastic view. The sun was just rising over the hillside, 
illuminating them with brilliant yellow faces, as they sat on the roof 
of the majestic temple of Tsunami.
	Ashley watched with contentness, enjoying the company of his 
closest friend. Sumirei watched with contentness, enjoying the company of 
the man she had spent her entire life trying to get him to fall for her.
	<Tomorrow is the last day either of us could be alive...> she 
thought to herself. <No use holding back now...!>
	Sumirei moved her hand over to Ashley's and gently rested it on 
top of his. He tensed, and began to sweat a little. Sumirei pressed 
on. She slowly intertwined her fingers with his, and he did little 
more than allow her to. After holding his hand for a few minutes, she 
looked over at his face. He eventually noticed, and turned to meet her 
gaze. 
	She smiled her best smile. "You know, Ashley...we've been close 
for a long time. Pretty much all our life, huh?"
	Ashley simply gulped and nodded.
	Her eyes fell down to their clasped hands. "And...we always 
used to play together, right? Until...I had to become a priestess. 
And you had to become a knight. And then we were separated."
	Ashley nodded. "That was a long time ago, Sumirei."
	She smiled, still not removing her gaze from their locked hands. 
"Uh huh. And do you know what I thought about, all that time we were 
away from each other?"
	Ashley gulped, and shook his head like an idiot.
	She returned her gaze to his, this time, with tears starting to 
form in her eyes. "I thought only about you, Ashley. About your smile. 
About the way it made me feel. About the way you made me feel. About 
how I always loved being with you, Ashley. That was all that was important 
to me, in my entire life."
	Ashley shook his head. "You shouldn't say that, Sumirei. What 
about Jurai? It's people? It would hurt them greatly to hear that you 
cared only for me, and not them."
	Sumirei shook her head. "That's...not what I meant. I care for 
our people. I want Tsunami's tree back. I want everyone to go on living 
the way it was before...but I want to be with you more than that."
	Ashley nodded in understanding, but remained quiet.
	Sumirei moved closer to him, and embraced him gently, totally 
catching him off guard. She held onto him as tightly as she could, 
making certain that even if he totally rejected her here and now, she 
would always remember this moment, when she had held onto him as 
tightly as she could, wanting more than anything for him to do the same 
for her. 
	She leaned her face onto his shoulder as she continued to speak. 
"I'm sorry if I'm always annoying you, Ashley. I'm sorry if I've 
bothered you all this time. It's just that...tomorrow...could...and 
probably will be the last time we ever see each other, and I want you to 
know how I feel before then."
	Ashley's eyes widened, and all he could do was nod silently.
	Sumirei sighed. "I'll admit it. I enjoy teasing you. You turn the 
most wonderful shade of red!" She giggled a little, then recomposed 
herself. "But...whenever I was with you, I was so happy, Ashley. I...I 
love you. More than anything there is."
	Ashley's eyes softened, and began to grow teary. He slowly brought 
his arms up, and returned her embrace.
	Sumirei's heart began to beat faster with joy, that he had used his 
powerful arms to hold her, rather than to push away.
	Tears began to fall lazily from her eyes. "I...I'm sorry to do this 
to you, Ashley, but I really wanted you to see how I felt." Sumirei began 
to laugh and cry simultaneously into Ashley shoulder.
	Ashley managed to smile, as a tear glided gently down the contours of 
his face, and fell onto Sumirei's robes. He pulled back a little so he could 
look at her in the face.
	She was smiling at him, with glossy, watery eyes, and tears lined as 
miniature rivers descending down her face. Ashley looked at her. She was so 
beautiful...even when they were children, he always thought as much. He 
really had no idea what to do.
	He wanted desperately to tell her that he loved her, and that would 
be no lie, because he most certainly did...only he felt that no matter 
what he said, it would never compare to the confession that she had just 
made to him. So Ashley did the first thing that came to mind.
	He gently cupped her face with his hands, and slowly brought their 
faces together. Sumirei smiled tenderly, and closed her eyes, as she began 
to lean forward.
	Their lips met, setting their love for one another ablaze, as their 
first sensuous contact together in their entire life, as both had longed 
to do for so long. Their salty tears streamed down onto their lips, and 
they embraced each other, never wanting to leave the beauty, tranquility 
and tenderness of this most benevolent moment.

	Washu sat in her floating chair, hugging her knees to her chest, 
quietly sobbing into them. It was morning. Ryoko was still tied up. 
Why couldn't she have let her down? Why was she crying? Why couldn't 
she let her down *now*? Why? *Why*? *WHY*?
	She simply wept silently into her knees, crying for her own 
foolish pride, callousness, and lack of any basic human skills whatsoever.  
She raised her head to look at the viewing screen. Ryoko was still slumped 
over, passed out. Dry remnants of tears were crusted along her soft skin, 
mucus from her nostrils hardened around the top and corner of her mouth.
	Washu couldn't look at the sight any longer, and she quickly buried 
her face in her knees again. 
	<Why can't I cut her down now? WHY? What the hell is wrong with me?> 
she screamed to herself.
	Washu managed to gain somewhat of a leverage over her control, 
and picked her head off of her knees. She moved over to the keyboard, 
and began to slowly type at it. After a few button presses, the lights 
around where Ryoko was brightened to a normal level, even though she was 
still passed out, so she wouldn't notice.
	Washu continued to slowly type, and she turned the heat of the area 
Ryoko was in up to a more comfortable level, even though, again, she was 
still passed out, so she wouldn't notice.
	Washu sighed to herself, as she wiped her tears away. "I guess I'm 
like a phantom mother." She chuckled. "My daughter never knows when it's me 
who does something for her...be it good or bad."
	She stood up off the chair, and decided to go and let Ryoko down. 
Her legs felt like absolute rubber, and she almost fell over. As she 
regained her balance, something caught her attention. Something that made 
her eyes go wide. It was a voice. And it was calling for her.
	"Hey, Washu-chan! Washu-chan! It's breakfast time! Where are you?"
	It was Tenchi. He had obviously come to tell Washu about breakfast. 
Washu quickly looked around. There was no way Tenchi could see that Washu 
was still in the lab with Ryoko, and she *hadn't* forgotten about her. If he 
did, he'd tell her, and then Ryoko would forever close her mind and soul 
off from Washu.
	<Heh, I probably deserve it, anyway.> she scoffed at herself.
	She quickly glanced from side to side, and then quickly open a 
subspace doorway, and ran inside, and closed it behind her, removing any 
trace of her ever being there in the first place.
	"Washu-chan! Hey!" Tenchi called. "Where IS she?" he muttered to 
himself as he stumbled around the darkness of Washu's lab. He also noticed 
that it was rather chilly. Moreso than usual.
	He looked over to his left, and saw light coming from one area. "Ah, 
she must be working back there on something."
	Tenchi began to make his way over to that area, and he instantly 
noticed that the closer he got, the warmer he seemed to feel. He then looked 
down, and noticed that he had been subconsciously rubbing his arms because 
of the cold.
	He neared the lighter area. "Washu-chan! It's breakfast time! Sasami 
already sent me to get you! Hey!"
	He rounded a large machine to survey whatever Washu had been working 
on...and when he did, his mouth fell agape. Washu was nowhere to be seen, 
but no more than 3 meters away was a tied up, half naked Ryoko. Tenchi's 
first impulse was to turn away, but he didn't.
	He looked up at Ryoko, and noticed how tears and other fluids had 
ravaged her face. His eyes softened, as he looked at her with great sadness. 
	<Is this even Ryoko? Ryoko wouldn't cry like that. I wonder what's 
going on here?> Tenchi thought. 
	Completely engrossed in the task of discovering out what happened 
to Ryoko, he completely forgot about breakfast. He slowly walked closer 
to Ryoko.
	"Ryoko?" he asked in a somewhat timid voice.
	She didn't respond.
	"Ryoko?" He asked again, this time in a slightly louder tone of voice.
	Still nothing.
	Tenchi was beginning to become extremely worried now.
	"Ryoko! Hey, Ryoko! Wake up, Ryoko!" Tenchi called to her.
	Nothing.
	Tenchi's eyes grew wide with fear. He ran up to her quickly, and 
reached for her. He shrieked in pain as his hand was shocked by some sort 
of barrier, and withdrew it quickly.
	Washu was watching all of this on a video screen. She shook her 
head. "That won't work, you silly boy. Here...let me help."
	Washu quickly typed in a few commands, and pressed the confirm 
key.
	Tenchi was perplexed about how to help Ryoko, when he heard the 
sound the machine was making slowly wind down, growing lower in pitch, 
until it stopped altogether.
	<What the hell is going on here? Where is Washu? Why did she do 
this to Ryoko? Is she dead?> Tenchi's mind was racing with questions.
	He reached out once again, slower, and more timidly than 
previously, but was glad once his hand passed the point where it was 
shocked before without the same result. He stepped forward into the 
circular machine.
	He looked up at the bonds around Ryoko's wrists and ankles. He 
began to reach to undo them, but for some reason he couldn't understand, 
they retracted into the machine like a vacuum cleaner cord. His 
puzzlement was pushed aside as Ryoko fell to the ground, but he quickly 
caught her in his arms.
	His eyes began to water as he looked at her distraught face. 
"Ryoko! Wake up! Ryoko! It's me, Tenchi! Ryoko!" Tenchi began to cry 
as he gently shook her, deciding to ignore the fact she wasn't wearing 
anything from the waist down.
	Ryoko's eyes began to slowly flutter, and Tenchi's hopes were 
risen as they did. <She's not dead!>
	Ryoko slowly opened her eyes, and they darted around her in 
obvious fright for a few seconds, until she realized that she was 
in someone's arms. She looked up. Tenchi was staring down into her 
eyes. 
	"T...Tenchi? I...is this a dream?" she asked, almost afraid 
of the answer.
	Tenchi shook his head. "No, it's not. You're going to be okay, 
Ryoko. I'm right here."
	Ryoko's face pulled up, and she quickly threw her arms around 
Tenchi, and began to sob desperately into his chest. Tenchi held her 
close, and stroked her hair, while issuing gentle words to her. Ryoko 
continued to cry and cry and cry, and Tenchi just held her close, 
trying desperately not to end up crying himself.
	Ryoko eventually managed to pull her face from Tenchi's chest, 
and bring herself up to eye level. Her beautiful golden eyes were 
throbbing, bloodshot, and soaking with fear.
	"It was...so scary...Tenchi...the dark...she left me...I begged 
her and begged her..." she choked.
	Tenchi nodded, and rubbed her arms with his hands, trying to 
warm her up. He smiled for her. "Come on, Ryoko. Let's get out of here, 
huh?"
	Ryoko nodded, and began to wipe the crusty remnants of fluids 
from her face, as Tenchi bent closer to her, and picked her up in his 
arms, cradling her, shielding her from the darkness, the cold, and the 
loneliness which were in so much abundance from the previous night.
	Ryoko leaned into Tenchi as he carried her away from that machine, 
and away from the room that had served as a cruel and unnecessary 
reminder of how much Ryoko hated to be alone. Tenchi was growing more 
and more furious at Washu with each step he took towards the exit.
	<How in the hell could she do this to her own daughter? Or is 
there something I'm not aware of here? Well, one thing is for sure, I'm 
going to have a LONG talk to Washu about how to treat guests in my house, 
REAL soon.> He angrily spat to himself.
	Tenchi felt so horrible for Ryoko, as he cradled her. Feeling 
the softness of her skin against his hands, the scent of her hair under 
his nose, and the quiet, labored breathing as she breathed in and out. How 
could someone do this to her?
	Tenchi desperately fought down his anger as he approached the 
doorway to the Masaki household, when something clicked in his brain.
	<This is going to look *really* bad if I walk out with a half naked 
Ryoko in my arms, right into the middle of breakfast.>
	He shook his head. <Who cares about that? What's the embarrassment 
you'll feel compared to the embarrassment she felt all last night and right 
now?>
	He opened the doorway to the household, and stepped back into his 
home dimension once again. Ryoko's breathing had slowed, and he could tell 
that she had fallen asleep again. <Poor thing.>
	He closed the door with his foot, and walked over to the stairs, 
and then he stopped. He had no idea where he was taking her exactly. Ryoko 
really didn't have a bed, and that support beam of hers wasn't what she 
needed. She needed a nice soft bed to keep her warm, and someone to stay by 
her side.
	<My room.>
	He began to briskly walk up the stairs, heading back to his room. 
As he crested the stairway, Aeka was just about to head down the stairs.
	<Typical.> he thought to himself.
	Ayeka gasped at the sight in his arms.
	Tenchi shook his head quickly. "It's not what it looks like! I swear!"
	Aeka was about to accuse him, when she caught a glimpse of Ryoko's 
face. Her hard expression melted away into one of understanding, and 
puzzlement.
	"What happened to her, Tenchi? Is she hurt?" 
	Tenchi shook his head. "I have no idea. I went to find Washu for 
breakfast this morning, and I found her all tied up just like this. Then 
I woke her up and she..." Tenchi trailed off, not really sure if Ryoko 
wanted Aeka to know about her moment of weakness. "...she fell back asleep 
almost right away. So I'm going to take her to my room, then have a very 
long talk with Washu about this."
	Aeka nodded. "I see. I'll go find Washu, if you want, Tenchi."
	Tenchi nodded. "Please. Tell her I'll be in my room with Ryoko."
	Aeka smiled for Ryoko's sake, then headed off down the stairs.
	Tenchi was almost slightly surprised at how well the princess had 
taken this little dose of information, but decided to worry about that 
later, because, well...Ryoko was still half naked.
	He walked over to his room, and slid the door open with his foot, 
walked in, and closed it in the same fashion. He walked over to his bed, 
as pulled the freshly folded covers back with his foot. He smiled gently 
as he laid the broken woman into the bed, and pulled the covers up to her 
chin.
	He couldn't help but smile at her beauty as she lay in the state of 
distress she was in. She was like a fallen angel, a wonderful soul that 
had been crushed for no reason by two people on more than one occasion.
	Thoughts about the way Kagato had treated her ran into his mind, and 
how she never deserved it. It made him mad, but not half as mad as what 
Washu had just done. He pulled a chair from his desk up beside the bed, 
and sat down, staring at her face.
	Sure, Ryoko was most definitely a pain in the ass sometimes...okay; 
maybe that's not true. More like almost always, but she certainly didn't 
deserve the treatment she received last night.
	<Don't you wish that she were more manageable? That she wasn't so 
annoying? That way you could fall for her no problem!>
	<But...that's not her. And it never will be. So why even think it?>
	<Hey now...I'm sure if you worked at it, she'd come around!>
	<What's the point of that? She works at my feelings all the time 
in hopes that they'll come around, and I haven't, so this wouldn't be 
any different!>
	<You bastard.>
	<What?>
	<You *know* she has feelings for you. That's what.>
	<So?>
	<So? SO!? How the hell can you *say* that?!? You think that you can 
just throw those feelings away? Her *life* is what *you've* given to her! 
What were you just saying, for god's sake! How people have treated her 
like shit for *no* reason! Maybe they physically and mentally abused her, 
but that's what she expected of them! But *you*! She wanted you to treat 
her with love and respect! AND YOU TREAT HER THE SAME WAY?!?!?>
	<What are you talking about? I could never do those horrible 
things to her!>
	<Bullshit! You *have* done those horrible things to her! You have 
never *once* talked to her about your feelings! You just go on, day to day, 
as if they aren't there, that they don't matter to you or her, when you 
*know* that they matter to her?!>
	<But...that's not fair! I don't love her! You think I should simply 
force myself to love her because she loves me? What kind of logic is that? 
What about Aeka? If I just say I love Ryoko, that'll make her happy, but 
then Ayeka will feel the hurt too!>
	<I'm not saying that you have to love her, friend. All I'm saying is 
that you had damn well better start treating her with a hell of a lot more 
respect than you have. That's all.>
	<What about now? I treated her with respect. Doesn't that count for 
anything? And besides, how can I treat her with respect when she never 
treats *me* with any? She always barges in on my privacy, and...>
	<You little *asshole*!! How long is it going to take to get it through 
your head?! She invades your privacy? So WHAT!?! You said it yourself, 
for thousands of years; she got the worst treatment imaginable! And now she's 
FREE! Free of all that! She doesn't do it to make fun of you. She doesn't do 
it to irritate you. She does it so she can be *happy*, because *you* are *there*!! 
And you get *mad*, and throw her out, denying her happiness like that monster 
she was imprisoned to? And then you go off and get mad about how Washu did 
this to her? You're nothing but a pathetic hypocrite!>
	<I...I...I don't know anymore.>
	<Yeah? Well that's too bad. Maybe you should listen to this piece 
of advice: Respect her, and be DAMN thankful that she's here. Aeka, too. 
And Sasami, and Washu and Mihoshi. Why? Because they are *here*. They could 
be *gone* in an instant, and you have taken *all* of them for granted like a 
pathetic chump. It's *sick*. Everyday, you whine on and on about how Ryoko invades 
your privacy, and won't leave you alone. About how Aeka always fights with 
Ryoko. Well, what if all that disappeared? What would you do *then*, huh?>
	<......>
	<I'll say this once more. Respect her. If you don't love her, that's 
your business. But you want my opinion? You don't even DESERVE her love.>
	Tenchi hung his head, as his inner voice repeatedly beat on him, and 
he began to feel absolutely miserable about how he had treated Ryoko since 
she had come to live with him. And all the other girls for that matter. He 
suddenly became somewhat puzzled. His inner voice was...telling him what to do?
	How is that possible? I am myself; I can't have two viewpoints on 
something. I'm only one person! Tenchi shook his head, and decided that if 
he indeed was going crazy, he'd worry about that later. Right now, he was 
going to listen to his dilutions, and stay right here with Ryoko.
	As Tenchi struggled away from his internal admonitions, he found 
himself staring at Ryoko's sleeping face. He frowned at the crusty remnants 
of fluid sticking to her soft skin. Shaking his head, he stood up, and left 
the room. Tenchi marched down to the bathroom, and retrieved two wash 
cloths. He turned the water tap on, and wet one of the cloths before 
turning the tap off, and leaving the room.
	As Tenchi walked back to his room, he sighed regretfully. He 
really had taken all of the girls for granted, and even so, they all still 
loved him. He suddenly felt very small, feeling sorry for the girls, having 
placed their strongest emotions in the hands of this fool.
	As he entered his room, he decided to shake the feelings of 
self-guilt, and focus on solving the matter at hand. Tenchi quickly walked 
over beside Ryoko, and sat back down in the chair. She was still sleeping 
soundly in his bed. He smiled as he gently ran the wet wash cloth across 
her face, removing the stains on her face.
	The mucus required him to press a bit harder, but he did so as 
gently as he could, so as not to awaken her. After successfully cleaning 
her face, he set the wet cloth down on the floor next to the chair, and 
leaned forward as he began to slowly caress her face with the dry cloth. 
He found that breathing had become much harder, as the thin cloth gently 
caressed the contours of her beautiful face.	
	<What the hell is wrong with me? Why can't I love her? WHY?>
	He screamed at himself as he continued to gently caress her face 
with the cloth in his hand. As he did, images of Aeka and Ryoko 
fighting, Ryoko invading his privacy, acting callously towards others, 
and damaging his property flashed in front of his eyes.
	He shook his head, and found that he had rested his hand on her 
cheek, and the cloth had slid off of Ryoko's face, and his bare skin 
was touching hers. She stirred in her sleep, but didn't awaken. He 
breathed a sigh of relief as he slowly and surely removed his hand from 
her face, and leaned back into the chair.
	<Why can't she just be normal?>
	<Why can't I accept that she isn't?>
	<Why don't I ever think this way about Aeka?>
	<Why can't I call it love?>
	<Why did Washu do this?>
	<Why was Ryoko created in the first place?>
	<Why did Kagato do those horrible things to her?>
	<Why does she love me?>
	<Why can't anyone ever tell me how I should feel?>
	<Why can't ANYTHING EVER MAKE SENSE?!?>
	Tenchi's mind was racing with questions, and screaming at him, 
and reveling in causing him psychological torment. Tenchi found that 
he was staring blankly at the wall, sweating profusely, under a 
catastrophic amount of self inflicted trauma.
	<How many times have I sat here like this, trying to understand myself?>
	<How many times have I sat here like this, trying to understand Ryoko?>
	<How many times have I sat here like this, trying to understand exactly 
what the hell has happened to my life?>
	<Why can't my mom be here to see me? To help me?>
	<Why am I always in the dark?>
	<Why do I always have to ask questions about everything?>
	<Why can't anyone ever understand me?>
	<Why can't I ever understand myself?>
	<WHO AM I?!?>
	Tenchi was shaking with rage; fright, inquisitiveness, angst, 
dislocation, perpetuation, and an onslaught of other emotions, when he 
was jarred from his inquiry that was assaulting his sanity by a soft knock 
at the door. He quickly shook his head, wiped the sweat of his brow, and 
walked over to the doorway, and slid it open quietly.
	"Tenchi-sama?" Aeka said quietly then motioned her head to the 
left, to show that Washu was standing next to her, her face and eyes 
downcast.
	Tenchi nodded, then stepped into the hallway, and slid the door 
shut behind him.

	It was...different. That was for certain. The room was very...blue. 
Blue was evident throughout the large...structure. It wasn't really a 
structure. The floor was made of rippling cerulean water, as far as the 
eye could see in every direction, which was mirrored on the ceiling. The 
ceiling, which was about 50 feet above her, was a perfect match of the 
floor, an endless pool, spanning father than one could fathom.
	Ryoko stood naked, looking at the ceiling, and then at her 
partially submerged feet in the water below her. Then she turned her gaze to 
the horizon, which was also a mirror image of the floor, rippling, cascading 
water. Her entire surroundings were restrained and harnessed water. 
	Ryoko looked around and around, to see if there was possibly any other 
sign of life, other than that of her own, but there was nothing. She called out.
	"Is anyone there? Tenchi? Hello?" she yelled, and despite the grandness 
of the 'room', her voice seemed to echo off of every ripple of water, causing 
her voice to channel around and around.
	Ryoko decided to take to the sky to get a better look at her 
surroundings, when she found that she couldn't move. It was as if everything 
below her neck had freed itself from her dominion, and was revolting against 
her by standing stiff and erect, but not willing to move in any way.
	Ryoko struggled fiercely, but her body refused to acknowledge her. She 
shook her head around, hoping that maybe that would send some sort of signal 
to the rest of her body to get in gear, but...nothing.
	"Dammit! What the hell is going on here?" Ryoko spat into the endless 
symphony of rippling water.
	[Your body has been sealed...at least for now.]
	Ryoko's eyes snapped to full attention.
	"Who said that?!"
	[I did.]
	Ryoko growled. "THAT'S helpful. And who are you?"
	A face shimmered along the ceiling of the pool, in a place that Ryoko 
only needed to tilt her neck back slightly to get an adequate view of. It was 
a male's face, but the rippling liquid made it unidentifiable.
	Ryoko reiterated her question. "Who the hell ARE you?!"
	[Unimportant.]
	Ryoko rolled her eyes. "Don't give me that."
	[Very well...let's say...a friend.]
	Ryoko sighed. "Fair enough. Now how about telling me what the hell is 
going on here, huh?"
	[You have lost your physical form. Your consciousness dwells here and 
nothing else.]
	"Umm...okay. That's...super. So, I'm dreaming? Is that it?"
	[Not quite.]
	"Then what is going on?" Ryoko asked, getting more and more annoyed.
	[You have simply abandoned your flesh, and your mind is now flowing 
freely throughout the endless sea of the universe.]
	Ryoko's face became puzzled. "Why is that?"
	[Because you wanted it to.]
	Ryoko scoffed. "Yeah, that sounds like me alright. I always did want 
to get rid of that hideously ugly body of mine."
	The apparition apparently understood her implications of sarcasm, but its 
tone remained unaffected.
	[Think about it. Is not the body but a shell, constricting and confining 
the soul and mind which god gave us? Restraining our true selves, in a cage of 
flesh, which holds something with such vast reach and potential?]
	Ryoko sighed. "Look, I don't care about your little philosophy lesson, 
just tell me what's going on, and how I can get back to Tenchi!"
	[Oh yes, that boy. What about that boy interests you?]
	If Ryoko could've moved her arms, she would've buried her face in her 
hands in annoyance.
	"Why the hell do you care about that? Just tell me how to go home!"
	[Home? Home, you say? The home where no one ever loved you? Where the 
boy who you wanted more than anything to love you has nothing but shallow 
feelings for you? The home where you're mother felt that it was necessary 
to bludgeon you with emotional torment for no reason?]
	Ryoko shook her head back and forth with some partial understanding. 
"I get it now...this is all some hoax to make me get down on myself, isn't 
it?"
	The apparition disappeared, and Ryoko chuckled to herself over her 
victory...even though the victory wasn't complete. Even though she had 
brushed it aside, his words had cut her internally, in a way that she resisted 
showing. But that didn't matter, because he was gone now, right?
	Suddenly, the area where the apparitions' face was began to shimmer. 
Slowly at first, but eventually it came, quicker and quicker. Ryoko looked 
on at it, curious as to what was happening.
	Her eyes widened as the image cleared thoroughly until it was very 
easy to recognize. She saw herself. She watched intently as she floated over 
to Tenchi, and wrapped her arms around him lovingly, only to get him angry, 
and shove her aside.
	And she tried to resist it, but it *hurt*. To see it...because it wasn't 
some hallucination, it was a *memory*.
	The image changed to a time when she kept a midnight vigil over his 
bed, making absolutely certain that he was safe...only to be met with harsh 
words in the morning.
	Ryoko shook her head quickly, and glanced down, away from the image, 
but the floor now reflected the same image as the ceiling. And so did the 
walls. She tried desperately to close her eyes, but her eyelids had now revolted 
against their master, refusing to give.
	She continued to watch, as Tenchi ran away in fright as she tried to 
stand in the cave. She continued to watch, as she watched Kagato kill Tenchi 
before her very eyes, and laugh about it. She continued to watch, as Tenchi 
time and time again yelled at her, and pushed her away as she desperately 
tried to touch him. She continued to watch as Tenchi spoke kind words to 
Aeka, then to Mihoshi, then to Sasami, then to Washu, then angrily spit 
accusations at Ryoko.
	If Ryoko could move her arms, she would've tried to wipe away the 
tears that were streaming down her face.
	If Ryoko could move her arms, she would've tried to blast every last 
image that was showing her the memories in her mind.
	If Ryoko could move her arms, she would've gouged out her eyes so she 
wouldn't have to watch anymore.
	But she couldn't. She continued to stare, as time and time again, 
Tenchi spoke harshly to her, scolded her, pushed her, and closed himself 
off from her. Ryoko then watched as Washu had tricked Ryoko into doing a 
'quick' and 'harmless' experiment, and then as Ryoko was left strung up, 
naked, alone, cold, and frightened all night.
	Ryoko tried to scream for the images to stop, but now her throat 
had completely seized up. Not a sound erupted from her throat. Not an eye 
moved. Not a limb twitched. There wasn't any sign that she was even alive, 
other than the endless stream of tears that were flowing unchecked down her 
face.
	Finally, the images swirled and coalesced into another frightful 
conjuration of images...only Ryoko didn't remember these. And she was 
very, very glad she didn't, because they were the worst of all.
	Ryoko watched as images of Tenchi kissing Aeka passionately, Tenchi 
repeatedly hitting Ryoko, Tenchi seeing Ryoko tied up and screaming and 
laughing at her, and Tenchi being killed repeatedly by unknown assailants 
flashed by, crushing her strong yet now brittle spirit. 
	Ryoko managed to let a moan escape her lips, as she tried so 
desperately to scream, to stop everything that was happening *from* happening. 
But...she couldn't...and the images didn't stop coming...and no one was there 
to console her...and she couldn't stop watching.

	<Kill them. Kill them all.>
	<So then...who says you even really exist?>
	<Darkness...Despair...Return to nothingness...>
	<If only you'd let me...I could've actually done something for her!>
	<I am simply what you decide to think of me.>
	<I create you, as you create me.>
	<I never want to do anything except be happy.>
	<Tenchi...>
	<Click...click...>
	<Falling...am I falling? Into what? From where?>
	<I don't want to be more important than you! I want to be the same! 
The SAME!!>
	<It is foolish to listen to someone who will not listen to you.>
	<When we get there...I want nothing more than to see you rise up 
and take what is rightfully yours.>
	<Is this...Tsunami? What the hell is going on here?>
	<The...the wave existence?>
	<Out. I want you out. A worthless child like you is a stain on this 
family. Go to your worthless man. Go to him, and let him stain you! For you 
have already stained US!>
	<I think now I know...what loneliness is. And...I think I was happier 
without knowing.>
	<Why can't anyone hear me? Why am I doomed to such solitude?>
	<I hate the cold...I hate it...I HATE IT!!!>
	<Let me down...please...I don't want to be here anymore...PLEASE!>
	Ryoko's eyes snapped open with a start, her head and vision in a 
severe case of disarray from the voices, which had been assaulting her 
in her state of defenselessness.
	She remembered...dreaming. Dreaming about...something, but she 
couldn't quite remember exactly what it was. All she could remember were 
the voices and...water. Water...water...
	Thoughts of water caused her to bring her hands to her face to 
wipe off her tears, which had been left for hours. She became suddenly 
surprised when she discovered that her face was completely clean! And...she 
became even more surprised when she realized that her arms were free!
	Wasn't she in Washu's lab?
	Wasn't she tied up to that horrible machine?
	Was that all part of the horrible dream?
	If not, where was she now?
	As Ryoko's vision began to slowly return to her, she began to slowly 
realize exactly where she was.
	Tenchi's room.
	More specifically, Tenchi's bed.
	And...Ryoko could feel that she was practically naked underneath the 
soft sheets.
	Was it really a dream? Was she here with Tenchi?
	No way, that had to be the dream.
	Unsure of herself, she slowly turned her head to the other side of 
the bed, hoping to see Tenchi in the bed with her, but, as she suspected, 
the bed remained empty, other than herself.
	Ryoko sat up, and as she did, she lowered her gaze to her shirt.
	It was the red tank top.
	It WASN'T a dream.
	But...how did she wind up in Tenchi's bed?
	<No use thinking about it, I guess.> Ryoko thought to herself.
	Taking in a deep breath, Ryoko sat up all the way, and slowly swung 
her legs over the edge of the bed, but stopped herself in mid-stride.
	A chair.
	Next to the bed.
	SOMEONE had been sitting here, with her.
	Ryoko smiled at the thought of Tenchi sitting in the chair, looking 
patiently over her, happily making sure that she was okay, and assuring her 
that everything was going to be alright. And, as quickly as that idea had 
surfaced, she slew it.
	<No way, not Tenchi. He's way too shy to do something like that. Aeka 
probably wouldn't let him, either. But then...what the hell am I doing in his 
bed?>
	Sick of being met with more and more questions, accompanied with 
absolutely no answers, Ryoko managed to pull herself out of the softness 
of the bed. Stretching, she felt her muscles were much looser than she 
expected them to be.
	She shook her arms about a little, to work the circulation back into 
them properly. Looking down at her current attire, she decided that walking 
around the house wearing only a skimpy tank top would probably upset more 
than one person. So she phased into something more appropriate, and common. 
Her blue and gold striped dress that she was so fond of.
	<I love this dress...it's so comfortable...> she thought to herself 
quickly, before setting out on a mission to find out exactly what the hell 
was going on.
	Ryoko walked over to Tenchi's doorway, and stopped in front of it. 
She clenched a determined fist, took a deep breath, and phased through the 
thin layer of wood.
	She was met with a rather empty hallway, which was what she had 
pretty much expected. She was about to float off down the stairs, when 
a sound stopped her in her tracks.
	A voice. 
	An angry voice.
	Tenchi's angry voice.
	Praying silently to absolutely anything that would listen it wasn't 
something that she did, she started floating off in the direction of the voice. 
It wasn't hard, it was rather loud. Ryoko was in fact slightly taken aback 
by the sound; she had never heard it like that. 
	Tenchi was *yelling*.
	He never did that. 
	Angrily yelling.
	Ryoko was becoming more and more afraid that she'd done something 
to evoke this slightly wrathful side of Tenchi, but she was determined to 
find out exactly what was going, so she kept floating off towards the sound.
	She stopped in front Nobuyuki's study.
	Tenchi was definitely in there, and he was definitely yelling.
	Taking a deep breath, Ryoko pressed her ear to the door, and 
listened carefully.

	"Oh yeah? That doesn't give you a reason!"
	Washu was looking down at her feet. Tenchi was furious at her, and 
she could tell that Aeka was as well, regardless of the fact she hadn't 
met her gaze, and the princess hadn't said anything. And they had a right to be.
	"I'm waiting!" Tenchi spat angrily.
	Washu looked up timidly at Tenchi. She had never been scared of 
Tenchi before. And really, she wasn't scared now, either. It was Tenchi's 
emotions that frightened her. Not from his anger, but from what had 
triggered them. Tenchi never got this mad at anyone, not even Ryoko.
	Washu realized that in order to get him this angry, she must have 
done something completely terrible. And that was what frightened her.
	She had absolutely no reason to do such a horrible thing to Ryoko. 
She didn't need any data. Ryoko didn't need to be frightened like that. 
Washu never was really that cold. So...why?
	Washu looked into Tenchi's glaring brown eyes. "I really don't 
know why, Tenchi."
	"Is that what you're going to tell Ryoko? That you just demeaned 
and humiliated her beyond a reasonable limit just *because*?" Tenchi said, 
his eyes, voice and tone not wavering.
	Washu sighed. "Look, Tenchi. I'm SORRY, alright? I'll apologize to 
Ryoko. Not because you want me to, but because I know it's right. I feel 
horrible, Tenchi. I really don't know why I did what I did. I guess...I 
thought it would be...funny, I suppose."
	Tenchi's eyes grew wider. "Funny? What the hell could be funny about 
THAT?!"
	Washu closed her eyes and shook her head. "I don't KNOW! I said that 
already! I knew after a while that I had done something horrible to 
Ryoko...but I just...couldn't stop." Washu admitted shamefully.
	Tenchi softened his gaze a little seeing Washu being humbled a bit. 
"Why couldn't you stop, Washu? If you knew that it was wrong, why didn't 
you?"
	Washu scoffed angrily. "Don't you lecture ME like I'm some little 
kid, Tenchi!!" she spat.
	Tenchi grew angry again. "Don't you talk like THAT! I'm going to 
lecture you EXACTLY like that! This is *my* house. You are a guest. When you 
do a cruel, *childish* prank on another one of my guests, while hiding 
yourself in the body of a *child*, you had damn well be ready to be lectured 
*like* a child!"
	Aeka had sat in between the two of them, trying to be somewhat of a 
mediator, but she found that the longer the argument went on, Tenchi seemed 
to prove Washu wrong again and again. She had now found herself glaring at 
Washu, for the thing she did to Ryoko.
	"Washu-san, I think you should apologize to Ryoko." Aeka said 
finally.
	Tenchi and Washu looked over at Aeka. Tenchi nodded in agreement, 
and Washu did the same after seeing the expression of absolute seriousness 
on her face.
	They were interrupted as Ryoko phased in through the doorway, 
wearing her blue and golden dress.
	Tenchi turned to her. "Oh, Ryoko! How are you..."
	He stopped when he saw the expression on Ryoko's face.
	It was one of pure hatred, and it was radiating straight at Washu.
	Ryoko shook her head angrily. "You...were there...the whole time..." 
she fought desperately from directly striking at Washu.
	Washu sighed and nodded. "Yes."
	Ryoko began to take slow angry steps toward Washu, but Tenchi was 
quicker. Tenchi leapt up and grabbed Ryoko by the shoulders, and looked 
her in the eyes.
	"Don't, Ryoko." He shook his head. "Don't."
	Ryoko's face softened a little as she looked at Tenchi's face, 
covered in absolute sincerity.
	Aeka stood up, and decided that this was no time for rivalry, this 
was a time for friendship. She walked over next to Ryoko, and when she 
held her gaze, nodded in silent agreement with Tenchi.
	Washu continued to sit on the floor, refusing to look up at Ryoko, 
unable to meet her gaze. She had violated her daughter, and it was going 
to take a lot of work to fix the damage that had been done.
	She cleared her throat. "I...I'm sorry, Ryoko."
	At the sound of Washu's voice, Ryoko became visually angered again, 
but Tenchi was again there to stop it.
	"Ryoko...it's not worth it..." He looked back at Washu, who was still 
looking at the ground, then back into Ryoko's eyes, "...not worth it at all."
	Ryoko closed her eyes and sighed. She opened them again a moment 
later, and looked at Tenchi, and nodded once, slowly. Tenchi smiled back at her.
	"Hey,	why don't you go wait in my room? We can talk, if you want." He 
suggested.
	Ryoko smiled, and decided that she would take him up on his offer. 
Most of the time, it would of set her on fire to be invited into Tenchi's 
room, and she would have tried her best to see that it progressed into 
Tenchi's *bed*, but now...she really just wanted to talk to Tenchi. To be with 
Tenchi. When he wasn't mad.
	She silently turned, and floated out of the room, leaving the three of 
them in the room together. Tenchi sighed, and turned to Aeka.
	"Aeka-san, umm...thanks." He said, in a humble voice.
	Aeka blushed slightly. "For...?"
	"For everything. You went and got Washu, and you sat here with us to 
keep us in line, and you were there for Ryoko. That means a lot to me." He 
said.
	Aeka smiled, as she stared into his eyes. "I'm...glad I could help 
you, Tenchi."
	Aeka looked back once at Washu, then left in the same quiet manner 
that Ryoko had.
	Washu's mind was screaming at her. She had never felt like this 
before. So why now?
	<What have you done?>
	<You didn't even mean it when you apologized!>
	<What is happening to me?>
	<Why can't I show my love for my daughter like any other mother?>
	<Why can't I be normal?>
	<Why can't SHE accept that I'm *not* normal?>
	<Where is your science now, hmm?>
	<When did I start to think like this?>
	<Who am I?>
	<What have I become?>
	<What have I done to my daughter?!?>
	She was startled out of her thoughts as a gentle hand rested on her 
shoulder. She looked up to see Tenchi's hand, then traced her view up his 
arm, and to his face, to see his gentle yet stern expression, staring right 
at her.
	"Washu...I'm sorry. I shouldn't have yelled like that. But...I'm 
still angry...but I forgive you, Washu. Because I know you're sorry. I can 
see it. And I know how hard it is going to be with Ryoko, so I won't yell at you." 
He said in his normal gentle demeanor.
	Washu sighed. "Thanks." Was all she could muster.
	Tenchi nodded, and proceeded to leave the room.



TO BE CONTINUED



Author's notes: Well...that would be the first chapter, people. It's 
going to start getting crazy soon, so hang on! I'll really appreciate it 
if you do! Send me any feedback you've got, and don't worry, everything 
will make sense in the end. I swear.

MUSIC: Hey, thought I'd run you through this for the first time. When I write, 
music *completely* inspires me. Therefore, the majority of the scenes have been
written to a specific song, so I thought I'd let you know which song went where. 
Because, as you could probably guess, listening to that song while reading that part, 
really enhances the scene.


SONGS:
	The Space Battle: "Shudder", from 'Einhander'.
	Ryoko tied up: "Rei I", from 'Neon Genesis Evangelion'.
	Ashley and Sumirei: "Explosion! Dragon Slave!", from 'Slayers TRY'.
	Tenchi finding Ryoko: "Lost Planet", from 'Trigun'.
	Tenchi's inner Torment: "Do you love me?", from 'Neon Genesis Evangelion'.
	Ryoko's Dreamworld: "One who bares fangs at God", from 'Xenogears'.






See ya next time! Please send me C&C! 
email: bhoffer7@home.com
The_Entry_Plug