Disclaimer: Hey there again! I do not own anybody, and I am a person 
who likes to use other people inventions for my own pleasure. That's 
what this is all about, anyway. But enough about my shortcomings! Less 
suing, and more reading!

Author's Notes: Yo, guys. Thanks for coming along for the ride this
far. (Umm...you *have* read the other 6 chapters first, right?) Well,
here it is, Chapter 7. The finish line is getting closer. I'd like to
thank all of my great friends who cheered me on for this, and who
are wondering when this story will be done. Thanks guys. You're the
greatest. You know who you are. And if you don't, well...just assume
you are. I love all of you! (*shudders* Why do I feel so dirty all of
a sudden?) Okay, there is one more thing. As you know by now, there
are certain songs which inspire particular scenes for this fic. 
However, there is a scene in this fic, where in order to fully grasp
and experience the scene as I have written it, you *need* to listen
to the song that inspired it. The song is called "One who bares fangs
at god", and it is from the 'Xenogears' soundtrack. I *highly*
recommend downloading it, if only for the sake of listening to it here
and then getting rid of it. The time to play it? Well...just think...
Tenchi and water. That should clue you in when to play it. Water... 
Anyways, it's time to shut up, and start reading, isn't it? See you 
in the end notes.

Extra Notice: Okay, I feel that there should be a *little* bit of a 
warning for this chapter. There is *some* lime content. There. I said
it. You have officially been warned. Okay, let's go already.



Quote of the Day:
"Hey! Get your goody-freakin'-two-shoe hands offa my freakin' broad!
That's it, you're goin' down, sissy boy!"
			- SD Ashram (Record of Lodoss War: the Second Part)






		Like an angel with no sense of mercy
		Boy, be a legend

		Although the blue wind now
		Tears open the door to your heart
		Staring only at me
		Smiling at you

		Searching for a gentle touch
		Like that in a dream
		Unknowing of your destiny
		Innocent eye

		Yet somehow you will find that
		Beyond you
		There are wings
		To reach the far away future

		The Cruel Angel's Thesis
		From the window of your soul shall travel
		With your gushing hot pathos
		If you should betray the chapel of your memories
		Holding this sky and shining
		Boy, be a legend

		Sleeping ever on
		In the cradle of my love
		The morning where only you
		Shall be called a missionary of dreams comes.

		Beams of moonlight
		Pour onto your neck
		Stopping time all over the world
		How I want to grasp

		But if the encounter between us
		Is to have meaning
		I must truly know
		The Bible to know freedom

		The Cruel Angel's Thesis
		The sadness shall then begin
		The shape of the life that you embraced
		When you awaken to that dream
		Shining more light than anyone else
		Boy, be a legend

		While people spin love
		To make history
		Without such a goddess
		I shall live

		The Cruel Angel's Thesis
		From the window of your soul shall travel
		With your gushing hot pathos
		If you should betray the chapel of your memories
		Holding this sky and shining
		Boy, be a legend


	-- "Cruel Angel Thesis" -- from 'Neon Genesis Evangelion'



	**********

JUNE MERMAID
Chapter 7: A Breath for Her

	**********



	Why do I even exist?
	There was a time, long ago.
	In that time, I loved one woman.
	She. Her. 
	That woman was the reason for my existence.
	Every day, we would carry out our lives, living with each other,
casually casting perpetual glances and gestures for each other.
	Each other.
	The light from her soul warmed my very existence. It channeled
my own darkened spirit, and using a gentle hand of absolute serenity 
and tenderness, it caressed my soul, causing it to surrender to hers.
	It was for her that I existed.
	She taught me what it was like to live.
	Every breath I took was for no one but her. Not even myself. 
There was no reason for me to exist only for myself.
	And then that was taken away.
	That warmth. 
	That light.
	That love.
	My breath.
	It was as if my lungs had seized up, refusing to allow me to 
even live anymore. The day that she died, was they day she killed me.
	My soul was destroyed on that moment. The part that lived in her,
which encompassed everything that was good about myself, died along
with her.
	What should I do? How can I continue to live, now that I can't
even breathe?
	This song, this requiem, this life, this reality...all of it
means nothing now that the one who was my own existence has gone away.
	So, I say a prayer.
	I pray that one day, I can learn to breathe again.
	Such a pointless existence I live. I guess I am just confused.
	Who is me? That is a question I just can't seem to answer anymore.
The me that once existed, is now gone. But what about the me that still
remains?
	Is that still me?
	I guess it doesn't really matter, anyways. It's not like what
remains of my existence could actually be of any value to anyone, so
there is no point in attempting to find a place for it.
	After all, who could love someone who can't even breathe for 
himself?

	A crackling of thunder sent the ravens that were perched on the
peak of the castle flying away from the blue electrical scream, 
fluttering away and into the night.
	The old castle stood firm against the cloudy night sky. It was
ancient, archaic, and decaying. On the vestibule, rested several large
gargoyle statues, which watched over the vast, dark countryside with a
detestable sneer on their stone faces.
	Several spires pierced the sky like daggers, and loomed over the
large castle like weapons that were there to protect this old 
frightening place from any and all intruders.
	The wind howled through the crevices and folds of the enormous
abandoned castle, the sound echoing and playing a haunting melody of
despair and fear.
	On the edge of the highest vestibule, sitting on the balcony 
overlooking the darkened countryside, sat Ashley.
	Ashley let his feet hang over the edge, as he stared out over
the brown fields, as the sticky, dark air that encompassed the night
sky clung to him like an unwanted parasite.
	Ashley's hair that he had allowed to grow slightly over the
thousands of years of hibernation within the Cradle fluttered ever
so slightly as the wind rippled through it. His battle garb followed
suit, like waves in an ocean, it blew back and forth with as much
leverage as his body would allow.
	"...just another gloomy day..." he whispered.
	"So, I see that you aren't in the greatest of moods."
	Ashley turned his head around to see Anonlbe leaning against the
stone frame of the large, dark doorway that led onto the vestibule. He
sighed, and then returned his gaze down between his knees, so he was 
looking down at the decaying castle courtyard, some 100 feet below.
	Thunder crackled again, lightning rippling through the red, dusky
night clouds. Anonlbe took a slow step away from the doorframe, and 
walked over so he was standing beside Ashley, looking out over the
countryside, next to him.
	"Have you figured out how to manipulate the Cradle yet?"
	Ashley just nodded. "I know that it reflects whatever mood I'm
in, and I can shape it to whatever I want. I requires a lot of 
energy to do that, though."
	Anonlbe nodded. "That's why it would be best for you to allow
Judas to manifest himself when you try to control the Cradle, seeing
as he can control the Light Hawk Wings, and you can't."
	Ashley just nodded.
	"You should cheer up, Ashley. It's not like we're ending 
everything just because things haven't gone our way."
	Ashley frowned. "Then why?"
	Anonlbe crossed his arms, and leaned onto the stone balcony.
"Just to start everything over again. Once the Adam child and the
Wave existence comes here, if we kill them, we can supply them
into the Cradle. Then it all becomes a totally new experience."
	"New experience?" Ashley said skeptically, "what's the point if
they're *dead*?"
	"But they won't be *dead*."
	Ashley blinked. "I thought you said that you wanted to kill
them and end everything?"
	"Well, yes, to a certain extent," Anonlbe grinned, "but that's
not all. Do you know how much life a mortal has within them?"
	Ashley arched an eyebrow.
	"Not very much. It's nothing that could ever be compared to 
a goddess, but nonetheless, they do hold a certain amount of life
energy within them," Anonlbe nodded as he thought it over, "all
life exists in many forms, but the truth is, it can all be broken
down in to one thing."
	"What's that?"
	Anonlbe smiled. "Waves."
	"Waves."
	"Yes, that's right. Be it natural, supernatural, ethereal, or
whatever, all life exists on a certain wavelength."
	Anonlbe turned to Ashley just as another wave of thunder
crashed over head. "Do you know exactly what the Judas Cradle is?"
	Ashley shook his head, still looking down at the courtyard.
	"The Judas Cradle is a singular entity, which I designed in 
order to be able to *channel* various wavelengths. In other words,
once within the Cradle, one who has the ability to manipulate matter
on their own, can basically do whatever they want," he sighed, once 
again looking back over the land, "however, once other wave forms
are added into the Cradle, it's strength becomes much more powerful."
	Ashley looked over at Anonlbe.
	He continued, "Life energy is made of waves, like I said. So
adding all of the mortals that exist into the Cradle will increase 
it's power tenfold."
	Ashley arched an eyebrow. "Why exactly do you want to increase
it's power? And besides, that still doesn't explain why we have to
end the endless."
	"Yes it does."
	"Huh?"
	Anonlbe sighed. "You see, there is a specific objective of this
entire Cradle. And I need to have as much wave length power in it as 
possible. And by adding the Keepers of Time and the goddesses, coupled
with all of the mortals that exist, it will reach the amount of power
that is necessary."
	"Necessary for what?"
	"Necessary to be a beacon, that's what."
	Ashley's eyebrows raised.
	Anonlbe turned his gaze to the sky. "Do you remember me telling
you about the All-Father?"
	Ashley nodded. 
	"If I can manipulate the Cradle enough so that there is enough
wave form energy, I could even manage to penetrate the True Dimension,
and notify Him that we are ready to return."
	"We?"
	Anonlbe nodded. "Right. Everyone and everything. After all, just 
because the endless and the mortals' *lives* have ended, doesn't mean
that their *existences* have. Once joined with the Cradle, they will
still exist, just without a body," he closed his eyes, "and then all
of us can finally return to the True Dimension."
	"What is it like, there?"
	"It was *nothing* but waves. That was all it was. All beings
were one and the same. There were no boundaries, and everyone and 
everything was one with each other. It was...beyond simple words."
	Ashley arched an eyebrow. "Who was in that Dimension other
than yourself?"
	"My sisters."
	Ashley blinked. "*Your* sisters?!"
	Anonlbe turned to him. "That's right. And my other brother," he
grinned, "Just because I was only a wave entity and they had bodies
doesn't mean that we weren't related. After all, Tsunami, Deis and
Tokimi's true forms are merely waves, just like me."
	"Damn..." Ashley muttered, "Who is your other brother?"
	"He would be the current Wave Existence."
	Ashley nodded. "Of course."
	The two of them merely returned their gazes back over the desolate
country side, not saying anything to each other. The wind once again
howled through the courtyard far below, screaming in a haunted, despair
filled voice, bringing the scent of the decaying grass, stones and trees
from below up to them.
	As the wind fluttered through Anonlbe's slightly longer hair, he
closed his eyes. "You know that I will be bringing all of the mortals
to the True Dimension with us, right?"
	Ashley said nothing.
	"Maybe now you can understand why it is we are doing what we are
doing. After all," he turned his head to look at him, "You will be 
able to be with Sumirei once again."
	"...Sumirei..."
	Anonlbe stood up from the balcony, and began to walk back towards
the large, dark, stone doorway. "I hope you realize that I am not doing
this for revenge, but the better of everyone and everything."
	Ashley said nothing as Anonlbe disappeared into the shadows. 
Thunder crashed once again above the old castle, causing more crows from
the bell tower to flow away, squawking and chirping incessantly, as they
flew away from this unholy ground.
	Ashley felt a tear slid down his face. "...Sumirei..."

	The room itself was fairly dark, but Tenchi was okay with it. He
could easily see the ceiling, and the door, and everything else. The
darkness really didn't matter to him right at this time.
	Tenchi lay there, on a very soft bed which was carved from the
same wood as the rest of Tsunami's massive ship, with his hands behind
his head, as he stared at the ceiling. His legs were crossed.
	He took in a deep breath as he tried to sort out everything that
he had been told.
	He wasn't really Tenchi, but merely the latest incarnation of
one called 'Adam'. On top of that, Washu was a goddess, and he had to
fight against someone called 'Judas' to save everything that exists.
	<I wonder where Ryoko went off to...> he thought to himself.
	Tsunami, after changing her ship due to Ryoko's recommendation,
had made the ship become a very large, and extremely elegant Jurain
tree ship, that surpassed even Ryu-oh in every aspect.
	Not like any of that mattered right now to Tenchi.
	<Why am I always in the dark about *everything*?>
	Tenchi was so deep in thought, that he almost missed the soft
knock at the large wooden door to his small bedchamber. 
	He blinked. "Uh...it's open."
	There was a slight *blip!* from the outside, and the door slid
to the right, to reveal Washu standing there.
	Tenchi blinked a couple of times. "Washu-san?"
	Since Washu was in her adult form, she had ceased demanding to
be called 'Washu-chan'. "Hi Tenchi. Can I come in?"
	He sat up. "Uh...sure."
	Washu took a few steps in, and the door closed behind her. "Gee,
it's rather dark in here, Tenchi."
	Tenchi chuckled. "Yeah, I guess. I was trying to get some sleep,
but I ended up thinking about stuff."
	Washu nodded, and sat down on the bed next to him. "I'll bet you 
have a lot of questions right now."
	Tenchi looked at Washu as if she just asked the most stupid 
question that could ever be asked. Washu blushed and just chuckled
nervously.
	"Well...if it helps, I can answer some things for you."
	Tenchi nodded.
	"You remember hearing voices earlier? You said they were talking
to you."
	Again, he nodded.
	"That was from your Uroborus Rings, an ethereal code of DNA within
your introns. It was basically a past memory talking to you."
	He blinked. "Like...one of my past lives, or something?"
	Washu nodded. "Yes, just like that."
	Tenchi nodded, remembering that Washu and Tsunami had told him
that in all of his previous lives, him and Ryoko had been together. 
He realized that the memories must have been admonishing him, so that
he would come to the same realization that they once did.
	"Any other questions, Tenchi?"
	Tenchi sat up, and thought about it. Then, he said, "Yeah. Who
is that woman that came here a little while ago? You said she was
your sister."
	Washu nodded. "Yes, she is Tokimi. She is like myself and Tsunami,
a goddess."
	Tenchi leaned against the headboard. "Alright, I can deal with
that, I suppose."
	Washu smiled. "You suppose?"
	Tenchi groaned. "I don't know. This is all a little much, you
know?"
	Washu nodded. 
	"One other thing."
	"What's that, Tenchi?"
	He took in a deep breath. "What is this 'Wave Existence' that I
am going to have to meet with?"
	Washu sighed, crossing her arms. "The Wave Existence...can't 
really be defined through words. It is something that you will have to
experience yourself."
	"Why is it that *I* have to be the one to meet with it?"
	Washu sighed. "I don't know, myself. All I know is that it will
only accept Adam, and that means that you are the one who has to
talk to Him."
	Tenchi fell back onto the soft pillow. "I see."
	Washu turned over to Tenchi. "Listen, I know this is all a little
much, but you're just going to have to trust us. Okay?"
	Tenchi managed a slight smile. "Yeah, I trust you, Washu-san."
	Washu smiled gently back at him, and was about to say something,
when Ryoko phased in through the doorway.
	"Hey Tenchi, so this is..............oh," she said, as she saw
Washu sitting on Tenchi's bed. She slowed her flying down, and rested
on her feet.
	"What are *you* doing here?"
	Tenchi sat up. "We were just talking, Ryoko."
	Ryoko frowned. "I guess I'll come back later, then," She turned 
to leave, but Washu stopped her. 
	"Please don't go, Ryoko!"
	Ryoko just growled and continued to go.
	Washu stood up. "Daughter, *please*!"
	Ryoko stopped. "Damn you, Washu."
	Washu closed her eyes sadly. "I'm...so sorry, Ryoko..."
	Ryoko whirled around. "Yeah? Well *I* think that's a pile of
*bullshit*. You don't give a damn about me."
	"That's not true, Ryoko. That's not true."
	Ryoko scoffed angrily. "Yeah? Prove it."
	Washu said nothing.
	Ryoko turned her head away from Washu in disgust and anger. "You
can't, can you? You don't give a crap about me, or anything that 
matters to me, do you?"
	Washu took a step forward. "That is so not true, Ryoko!"
	Ryoko didn't say anything for a moment. She had her eyes closed
tightly, and her fist was trembling at her side. Then, she turned on
Washu, and took three very quick, angry steps towards her.
	"Then why the hell did you do that to me?! WHY!?! Gods, there
has to be a reason! If you *really* cared for me, you wouldn't of
treated me like a worthless pile of horseshit!!!"
	Tenchi just sat on the bed, watching the exchange between the
two women. He was angry that Ryoko was acting the way she was towards
Washu, but he was also still rather angry for what Washu had done to
her. So he felt that he should stay out of it.
	Washu opened her eyes. "I said I'm sorry, Ryoko. What else do
you want me to do?"
	Ryoko closed her eyes. "Stay the hell out of my life."
	Washu's spirits began to fall as she felt an icy hand reach in
around her soul, and begin to crush it in it's deathly grip. "Please,
you don't mean that, Ryoko..."
	Ryoko opened her eyes again, a searing yellow flame within them.
"Like hell I don't. Stay out of it, Washu. I'll let you talk to Tenchi
because *he* wants to..." with that, she turned to leave, this time
for real.
	"Ryoko, stop!"
	Both Washu and Ryoko turned to the sound of Tenchi's voice, 
calling her back. Ryoko looked at Tenchi, her gaze of anger turned
to one of confusion.
	"What?"
	Tenchi stood up off of the bed. "Don't let this slip away, 
Ryoko."
	"Forget it, Tenchi. It's not important."
	Tenchi frowned. "Yes it *is* important!"
	Ryoko whirled around, and stomped over to Tenchi. "That woman
robbed me of everything, Tenchi! My dignity, my fears, my own self
*confidence*! Everything!" she found that her eyes were beginning to
cloud up with tears, but she made no movement to stop them, "It was 
all some sick *joke* to her!"
	Washu took a very timid step towards Ryoko. "Ryoko, I've said
I'm sorry. And I mean it. Can't we move along? Can't we try again?"
	"No," she growled, "It's not worth it."
	"Dammit Ryoko!" Tenchi shouted, "You haven't even given her a
chance yet!"
	Ryoko blinked and looked at Tenchi.
	"Ryoko..." Tenchi began, tears welling up in his eyes, "do you
even realize what you have here?"
	She said nothing.
	"You have a chance to make amends with your mother, Ryoko. 
Something that I would kill for, but I will never get the chance for
*ever*...and you're just throwing it away, saying it's 'not worth 
it'?!"
	Ryoko turned from Tenchi. "It's...not the same."
	Tenchi put a hand on Ryoko's shoulder. "How is that?"
	Ryoko looked at Tenchi from the corner of her eye. "*Your*
mother never treated you like dirt, that's how."
	Washu let out a sad sigh.
	Tenchi gently took Ryoko by the shoulders and turned her so she
was facing him. He looked at her straight in the eyes. "She said she
was sorry. And she meant it. Why not give her another chance?"
	"I...I..."
	"What have you got to lose?"
	Ryoko could feel tears beginning to pour down her face, as she
looked back at Tenchi's compassionate and gentle face which was 
staring right at her.
	Washu took a step forward, and timidly began to reach toward
Ryoko. Ryoko looked over at Washu, and really didn't know what to 
think. She just stood there in Tenchi's grip, looking at the slowly
advancing scientist.
	Tenchi looked further into Ryoko's eyes. "Just give her a 
chance."
	Ryoko sniffled. "I...I..."
	Washu stepped next to Ryoko and reached out to touch her. Both
Washu and Ryoko seemed to be almost *frightened* from the impeding 
contact, as they both were quivering.
	They both were scared.
	Washu eventually managed to fully extend her hand so it was 
touching Ryoko's shoulder, where Tenchi's hand was. Tenchi let go, 
and let Washu hold Ryoko's shoulder.
	Tenchi took a step back, and just watched, with tears in his
eyes.
	Washu blinked tears out of hers. "Daughter...I..."
	Ryoko's lip quivered for a moment, and then it all collapsed.
All the resolve, all the strength, all the honed instincts of keeping
her feelings in check...
	...all the times when she was abandoned, all the times she 
needed someone, all the times that man had violated her, all the
times she had cried out for someone within the bowels of that dank
cavern...
	...it all collapsed.
	Ryoko just fell towards Washu, and Washu wrapped her arms around
her sobbing daughter. 
	"...mommy..." Ryoko whispered through her sobs, as all the 
times that she had so desperately yearned for one had now begun to 
resurface within herself.
	Tears were streaming down Washu's face, as she gently stroked
Ryoko's hair, and held her close, quietly whispering gentle words
to her sobbing daughter.	
	Tenchi just watched, as he sat back on the bed, wiping the tears
out of his eyes, with a smile on his face.

	Tsunami stood in front of a large and magnificent window that
gazed into the reaches of space as the ship blazed through hyperspace.
	She gently rested her hand against the window, still attempting
to fully understand and adapt to being within a human shell.
	"So how is it?"
	Tsunami turned to see Tokimi standing a few feet behind her,
also in a human body.
	"...different," she said, looking back out the window, "how is
it for you?"
	Tokimi walked up next to Tsunami. "It is wonderful."
	Tsunami blinked. "Sister...?"
	Tokimi turned to her sister with a smile on her face. "I 
guess I owe you an apology, Tsunami. Your creations aren't *as* bad
as I gave them credit for."
	"What...what has gotten in to you?"
	Tokimi just smiled and looked out the window, and didn't answer.
Tsunami continued to stare at her sister, completely perplexed as to
her behavior, but eventually just let it be as it was.
	Tokimi closed her eyes, and rested her forehead against the thick
glass of the window. "I hope I can see him again."
	Tsunami looked over at Tokimi. "Him?"
	".......yes."
	Tsunami blinked. Her eyes widened. "Did you go inside the 
Cradle?"
	"I did."
	"Sister!"
	"It was worth it, Tsunami," she whispered, "...it was worth it."
	Tsunami just nodded, not fully understanding. "Did you learn
anything?"
	Tokimi opened her eyes, and then looked down at her hands. "More
than I've learned in my entire lifetime."
	Tsunami smiled a little. "Sister..."
	Tokimi turned to Tsunami. "...I'm strange, aren't I?"
	Tsunami shook her head. "No...not at all."
	"We don't have to kill him."
	"Tokimi..."
	"No, listen sister," she began, still staring at her hands,
"neither Ashley nor Judas have to die. Only Anonlbe."
	Tsunami frowned. "What makes you think that?"
	"Once Anonlbe has been killed, his hold on Judas will be gone."
	Tsunami shook her head. "But Judas is still a threat to all of
existence, as he possesses almost limitless power."
	"Judas is *not* a threat."
	Tsunami frowned. "Sister, although you may have..."
	"HE'S NOT!"
	Tsunami was taken aback.
	Tokimi looked at Tsunami from the corner of her eye. "I was 
there, Tsunami. I *saw* it."
	"What did you see, sister?"
	"Judas *yearns* to be ended. More than anyone, or anything. He
doesn't desire to end all," she whispered, "he desires to end *himself*."
	"Then why hasn't he?"
	Tokimi looked back at her hands, "Because to do that, would also
be to end Ashley...and I don't think he wants to do that."
	"...but Judas hates me more than anything," Tsunami began, "I
remember on that day, when he ended the Centra, how he *swore* my
end."
	"But that isn't true."
	Tsunami blinked.
	"Anonlbe has been manipulating Judas ever since I first created
him," she said, her voice low, and sad, "I only wanted to shield Ashley
from that pain...that was the reason. Except I never imagined that
Anonlbe would recognize his own existence *within* Judas."
	"I...see..."
	"We *can't* kill him, Tsunami."
	Tsunami sighed. "Sister, there has..."
	"We CAN'T!"
	"Sister, listen to me. I know that you have feelings for As..."
	"So don't do it!"
	Tsunami shook her head. "Tokimi, please try to be reasonable..."
	Tokimi frowned. "All we need to do is kill Anonlbe. Then Deis
can do whatever the hell it is she does on Ashley, and then Judas will
be gone!"
	Tsunami took in a deep breath. "We'll try. But it will be
extremely difficult, as Tenchi will be having his hands full with
Anonlbe while we try to kill him, also trying to worry about *not* 
killing Judas at the same time."
	"That's just it. Let's just try."
	Tsunami returned her gaze to the window. "Alright, sister. We'll 
try."

	Around the lumbering behemoth, there was mostly darkness. There
were some lights from various much smaller machines that flickered on
and off every now and then, but other than that, the massive area was
almost completely dark.	
	Ryo-oh floated about ten feet off of the ground in Washu's lab,
as it was still within a pseudo-space field that Washu had made herself.
	There was no sounds made by the fantastic tree ship, a living
incarnation of transportation and elegance, as it quietly floated 
above the field that Washu had built, like a swan on a lake.
	On board, there were four passengers.
	One, a young, eager and chipper princess, who's cheery attitude
and demeanor had dimished significantly over the last day. Sasami
stood in front of a large viewing screen that displayed the area
of Washu's lab directly surrounding the ship.
	Two others, were in the form of Jurain Guardian's. Both Azaka
and Kamidake were stationed in the appropriate positions for them
to perfectly operate the ship to their mistress' command. Two strong,
wooden sentries that symbolized power and elegance.
	The last, was Aeka.
	Aeka sat in her room, in front of a mirror. In her hand, she
held the Tenchi-ken, as Tenchi didn't need it, wherever he was going.
	Aeka slowly ran her hand up the elegant piece of Jurain wood,
taking in it's beauty with the simple tactile contact.
	Aeka closed her eyes, and took in a deep breath.
	"My own song..." she whispered to herself.
	Aeka stood, and walked to the exit, towards the command of the
massive tree ship. As she walked down the hallway towards the 
command center, she kept whispering to herself, "I am Aeka Jurai..."
as if they were some precious words that she needed to keep
herself alive.
	Aeka walked onto the bridge, and stood in her elegant Jurain
raiment's on the center platform, overlooking the entire command deck
of the large ship.
	She took in a deep breath. "Azaka...Kamidake...take us out."
	"MA'AM!"
	As Ryu-oh began to kick up to life, as all the engines and
system protocols came online, and as Sasami began to giggle as the
lights on board the command center lit up, Aeka lifted the Tenchi-ken,
so she could look at it.
	As Ryu-oh left the chamber that Washu had it held in, and as
it began to make it's way back to Jurai, Aeka continued to look at
the elegant weapon.
	And she smiled.

	"We are here."
	Tsunami pointed to a very peculiar object through the looking
window.
	Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu, Tsunami, and Tokimi were all gathered, as
they had been summoned to the arrival to their destination.
	The object was...peculiar.
	It was a small ball, although that's what it appeared to be. It
somehow swirled, twisting and bending all light matter that entered it,
causing it to look like a drop of water, or a prism of sorts.
	Tenchi took a deep breath. "And this is...?"
	Tsunami turned to him. "The Wave Existence."
	He blinked. "That. That's it."
	Tsunami nodded. 
	"So...what do we do now?"
	Washu looked back at him and grinned. "We throw *you* inside of
it, that's what."
	Tenchi blinked again. "...*Me*?"
	"Yup."
	"Why just me?"
	Washu shrugged. "Because he only wants to meet with *you*."
	He arched an eyebrow. "Why is that?"
	"I don't know...He just...told me."
	"But..."
	"Nevermind that," Tokimi interrupted, "He'll explain everything
once you enter him."
	"ENTER HIM?!"
	The sisters nodded, leaving a very confused and perplexed Tenchi
and Ryoko.
	Tsunami stepped forward. "Tenchi, activate your Light Hawk Wings."
	Tenchi blushed. "But I...don't know how..."
	Tokimi growled, "Tsunami..."
	Tsunami shook her head. "It's alright. Everything will be fine."
She gathered a small ball of blue energy in her hand, and then waved it
towards Tenchi. As the ball struck Tenchi, he felt himself change.
	He felt a massive aura enter his body, just as it did the other
two times. He could feel his ordinary field jacket being replaced by
the elegant and silky Light Hawk Armor. He could feel the green crest
on his forehead.
	He looked at his hands. 
	Tsunami nodded. "Alright Tenchi, I want you to go into that 
ball you see."
	".......come again?"
	Ryoko stepped forward. "What exactly are you making my Tenchi
do?"
	"Save us all," Tokimi deadpanned.
	Washu took in a deep breath. "Tenchi, while you are in your
Light Hawk Armor, you don't need to worry about breathing. Just go
and make contact with the Wave Existence. You have to trust us, 
everything will make sense in the end."
	Tenchi just slowly nodded, trying to make sense of everything.
	He turned to Ryoko. "Umm...care to give me a lift? I can't
go through walls."
	Ryoko grinned and nodded, grabbing his arm, and phasing him 
through the window, and taking the two of them out into the cold of
space. 
	Tenchi saw Ryoko say something, but he of course didn't hear it,
seeing as they were in a vacuum. Tenchi looked back at the ball, and
blinked. It wasn't all that tiny...
	...they were just far away.
	Ryoko began flying towards it, and it continued to grow bigger 
and bigger with each passing minute that went by.
	<Jeez...couldn't they have parked the thing a little closer?>
	Tenchi shook his head, trying not to think. He was still in
the dark, and there was *way* too much stuff going on for him to
comprehend.
	Eventually, they arrived at the sphere. It seemed to be fairly
large, about the size of perhaps a larger earth school. It continued
to suck in light, and bend it, then pass it back out, as if it really
was a drop of water.
	Tenchi looked at Ryoko's face, and she just shrugged. Tenchi
looked back at the sphere, and prepared himself. Ryoko gave him a
peck on the cheek, and then floated behind him, placing her hands
flat on his back, and then putting her head next to his.
	She looked him in the eyes, and he nodded.
	Ryoko used both of her hands to push Tenchi towards the sphere,
and let the inertia carry him towards it, as she stayed and watched.
	Tenchi began to feel very worried as he continually approached
the massive sphere, a knot that was growing bigger and bigger in
his stomach with each passing second.
	All that washed away when he made contact with the sphere.
	His body passed through the outer layer like it was some form
of gooey substance, and the inside felt as if it really was some sort
of slimy substance.
	Tenchi was about to gag, when he felt something else. Something
reaching to him. Grabbing him. Pulling him. A being of pure light
that guided him towards something...
	...and then everything went white.

	Tenchi slowly blinked his eyes open, to adjust to the 
surroundings. He looked down, and saw that he was now completely naked.
He also noticed that his feet were submerged in water.
	All around him was water. As far as he could see, in every 
direction...
	...it seemed to ripple as if it was clockwork. A silent symphony
of water. He looked up and saw that there was a mirror of water about
fifty feet above him, that also rippled in time, although he couldn't
make out his reflection.
	Off on the horizon was nothing but water as well, as if the sky
itself was water.
	"Where...am I?"
	"So we meet at last, Adam child."
	Tenchi blinked, as he saw water begin to swirl about ten feet 
in front of him, a rising vortex, until it all burst away...
	...revealing him.
	Him.
	As Tenchi gazed upon him...he simply couldn't describe him. He
was a man...but for some reason, he could not make out any 
characteristics of this man. He, like Tenchi, was also naked, although
there was nothing to see.
	Tenchi couldn't make out anything. A faceless, characterless man.
	"I have been waiting for you for some time now, Adam."
	The voice resounded within Tenchi's consciousness, like a quiet,
gentle whisper. It was clearly some sort of telepathical communication, 
as Tenchi did not see the man's lips move, and he didn't *hear* the 
voice...he just seemed to *know* what the voice said.
	"Who...who are you?"
	"I have been given many names throughout time, by your people. 
One name was 'Alexium Rashitai'. Another, was 'Delius Segretaga'. But,
in your tongue Adam, I am known as 'The Light Hawk'."
	Tenchi's eyes went wide.
	The man continued, "I am an existence that was created within a
sea of infinite waves. I am sentient, because I can recognize my own
existence. I am the advent of all waves within this reality."
	Tenchi tried his best to swallow all of this. "...waves?"
	"Yes. The physical retrospection of yourself exists now because
it is merely a collection and harmonization of various wave patterns.
Even the entity that is truly yourself is merely a wave pattern."
	"So what exactly does that make you?"
	"I am the fifth child of the All Father, the one born unto this
universe at the same time as my brother, both of us as in close to
our true forms as possible."
	"Why do you want to see *me*?"
	The man in front of him broke into water droplets, and fell back
into the pool that he had risen from. As he did, a large, unidentifiable
face appeared on the pool of water that compromised the roof of this
place.
	"Because Adam, you interest me."
	Tenchi gulped.
	"I have watched all of my sisters various incarnations of you, 
and it has interested me."
	"Why is that?"
	"Because of what you are, and what you can do."
	Tenchi said nothing.
	"You were the very first mortal, Adam. No other life form within
all that exists other than my Brother, my Sisters, and the All Father
existed before you. I was intrigued the moment you were created by
Tsunami."
	Tenchi looked down at the water, and tried to sort all of his
thoughts, and questions. He looked back up at the formless face. "Do
you know what is going to happen?"
	"Are you referring to Judas?"
	"Yeah."
	"...no. I cannot foresee the future, as only the All Father has
the ability to do such."
	"I see..."
	"You will fight."
	Tenchi frowned. "I don't even know *who* I'm fighting!"
	"Does that matter?"
	"Of course it does!"
	"Do you think that one mortal's life can possibly be more 
important than the next?"
	Tenchi looked away. "Well...I..."
	"You are of the endless, Adam. Now that Tsunami has awakened
myself within you, the only beings that could kill you are another
of the endless. Why does it matter? Judas is a mortal."
	"That doesn't matter!"
	The face shimmered slightly as Tenchi raised his tone. The 
ripples through the water almost seemed to perpetuate Tenchi's mood,
it seemed.
	The voice spoke again, "It is all a matter of perspective, Adam."
	Tenchi blinked. "What do you mean?"
	"If you do not kill Judas and my Brother, everything, all life
everywhere, will cease to be."
	Tenchi took in a deep breath. "I see..." he thought for a moment,
"Why are they doing this?"
	"There are many reasons, and I do not know all of them. But I 
know that they intend to send a beacon to the All-Father...whether or
not the beacon shall be answered, that I cannot answer."
	Tenchi let out a long breath. "This is so confusing..."
	The face shimmered again, and this time disappeared. This time,
the water all around Tenchi's feet reflected a serene forest. Giant
trees that reached up to the sky, and stood a strong and silent vigil
over all that dwelled beneath them, as radiant beams of light
pierced their leaves into the ground below...it was a magnificent 
sight. 
	It rippled in time with the water.
	The voice spoke again. "It is no surprise that this is confusing,
as Anonlbe has been controlling you."
	Tenchi blinked. "C...controlling?"
	"Yes. He has had dominion over your Uroborus ever since you were
born into this world. Tsunami wasn't prepared for this...because He
has also been interfering and controlling her, as well."
	"He controlled Tsunami?"
	The voice gave the ethereal equivalent to a nod. "Indeed...not
on the same manipulative level that he has controlled yourself, Eve, 
and Deis, but he has still managed to manipulate her to his own ends.
Tokimi as well," the voice said, it still maintaining the same gentle
tone, never failing.
	Tenchi just shook his head as he watched the forest in front of
his submerged feet.
	The voice spoke again. "Anonlbe has managed to manipulate their
memories so they have forgotten things. They have forgotten that I 
and He are their brothers. They have forgotten that He will send the
beacon. They have also forgotten...that Tsunami did not create the
cycle, as she believes."
	Tenchi's eyes went wide. "...what?"
	Tenchi watched as in the forest, the same man as before seemed
to appear. A naked, featureless man. He walked onto a fallen tree, and
he stared up at Tenchi. He spoke, and Tenchi heard that same voice
again. 
	"I suppose I haven't been completely honest with you, Adam."
	"What do you mean?"
	"You were *not* the first mortal."
	Tenchi said nothing.
	"The first mortal...was Tokimi."
	Tenchi blinked.
	He could almost feel the entity smile. "Yes...interesting, isn't 
it? Did you not know that Myself, Tsunami, Deis, Tokimi, and Anonlbe,
while still being the first creations of the All-Father, are in 
actuality mortals?"
	The man moved off the log, and vanished. The whole forest scene
in front of Tenchi vanished, and once again, the water swirled up in
a spectacular vortex, bursting away revealing the man.
	"Just because our lives and our entities are beyond the
boundaries of humans, doesn't mean we aren't *mortals*. We can still
end. That very reason alone means we aren't immortal."
	Tenchi tried his best to swallow all of this. He took in a deep
breath.
	"What is it? You have a question, Adam?"
	Tenchi nodded. "You...said that you are 'The Light Hawk'. What
do you mean by that?"
	"My existence is essentially the congregation of all waves within
this dimension. That is why my Sisters refer to me as 'The Wave 
Existence'. They have the ability to meld and bend my own advent, a
transformation of matter, if you wish, at their own discretion. Tsunami
has done so many times, in the forming of matter manipulating
singularities for Her children...I believe you know them as 'The Light
Hawk Wings'. And since I am where that wave pattern comes from, I am
referred to as 'The Light Hawk' itself."
	"I...see."
	"The truth is that everything is merely a constructed reality 
by the All-Father. He created everything. The cycle, mortals, the
goddesses, Me and my Brother, and the Keepers of Time. Everything was
created. As for the reasons, only He knows them. His mind is infinite,
as He knows and sees all."
	Tenchi took in another breath. This was all so overwhelming,
he really didn't understand everything. There was just one thing he
did need to know.
	"So what should I do?"
	The man collapsed back into the water once again, and then the
entire reality around Tenchi changed. Tenchi was no longer in a room
completely immersed within the boundaries of an endless sea of water,
he was...
	...in a place that simply couldn't be described.
	The entire reality around was distorted. It was as if it was a
brilliant orange sky, although there was a glass mirror of water above
him, and absolutely nothing but boundless sky below and all around him.
	The entity appeared in front of him once again. "You wish to 
know what to do?"
	Tenchi tried to reorientate himself, and then nodded.
	"I cannot answer."
	Tenchi sighed. "I see."
	"What do you want to do?"
	Tenchi arched an eyebrow. "With regards to what?"
	"To anything, Adam. Anything. You're existence is only limited
to what you want. If you want something, do what you must to get it."
	Tenchi said nothing. 
	"What is most important to you, Tenchi? More than anything, more
than anyone...what is the most important thing to you in this universe?"
	Tenchi closed his eyes, and tried to imagine what was more 
important to him than anything else. Several images flashed by his
vision as he did, and he was surprised as that happened. The images that
flashed by seemed to be so real, yet he never knew them.
	But they were so real...
	The entity spoke again. "You are experiencing yourself once again, 
Adam. Those images are not fantasies or delusions, they are memories,
sealed within your Uroborus. They are your own experiences."
	Tenchi watched as images that seemed to be him continued to
flash by.
	Tenchi watched as he held a weeping priestess on the roof of an
ancient temple. He watched as he raised an old katana to strike down
a foe, as he yelled to surrounding men to attack. He watched as he 
saw a magical explosion rock a battlefield.
	He watched as he paced back and forth between some Jurain
officers, yelling at them. He watched as he piloted a ship through 
a treacherous battlefield, all the while with a giant grin on his face.
He watched as him and someone who looked so reminiscent of Washu 
smiled as large Jurain ships destroyed the ship he was on.
	And then the new images came.
	These too, were memories.
	First, it was subtle. A small spike of hair. Then a glint of a
mischievous amber eye. Then a proud and feral grin. Then a cocky stance
as she stood with her hands on her hips, staring back at him.
	Then more came.
	She was laughing as she began to drink some sake.
	She cried as she saw him killed on board the Soja.
	She grinned as he stammered as she kissed him on board of a space
ship.
	Then the feeling came. He felt warm. He felt this as the images
of her putting her arms around him in her accepting and loving embrace,
time and time again.
	And then the names.
	Eve...
	Kharla...
	Sumirei...
	Raven...
	...Ryoko.
	Tenchi opened his eyes, and looked back at the entity.
	The entity spoke. "So you know what is most important to you."
	Tenchi nodded. 
	"Then exactly what do you want to do?"
	Tenchi didn't hesitate as he said, "Do whatever it takes to keep
her safe."
	"Then you fight. That is what you do."
	Tenchi let out a breath.
	The man took a few steps towards Tenchi, which seemed very odd, 
seeing as they were not on any sort of ground. Tenchi just decided to
let it pass as another thing that was simply beyond his level of 
comprehension.
	"Let me help you, Adam. I want to see my own purpose."
	Tenchi didn't say anything. 
	"I can show you things that you have long since forgotten. I can
give you more than Tsunami ever could. I want to help you, Adam. I want
to see exactly what it means to be a mortal."
	Tenchi took in a long breath. "Okay."
	As he said that word, the reality around Tenchi began to waver, 
and eventually began to collapse upon itself. Tenchi's eyes went wide
with fear, and then everything went dark.

	The room was fairly well lit, although the quarters themselves
were rather small. There was only a bed, and then a door. The bed 
itself was very nice, and the walls were carved out of a very splendid
and rare wood, and the door was almost alive.
	Ryoko lay on the bed, with her legs crossed, as she stared up
at the ceiling. Washu was next to the door, leaning against the wall,
with her arms crossed.
	Ryoko yawned. "How much longer is this going to take? He's been
with that thing for almost a *week*, now."
	Washu took in a deep breath. "You had better be patient. He
could still be a couple of *years* for all we know."
	Ryoko blinked, and looked over at Washu. "WHAT?!"
	Washu chuckled. "But probably not."
	Ryoko frowned. "That's not funny, Washu."
	Washu looked back at Ryoko seriously. "Ryoko?"
	Ryoko plopped her head back onto one of the pillows. "What?"
	"Could...could you call me mom?"
	Ryoko let out a breath. "Don't...push it."
	"Ryoko, I was..."
	"Washu, look," Ryoko interrupted, "that was something that just
slipped out. I'm...willing...to try to make something...but let's take
it one step at a time."
	Washu nodded. "Alright. I'm willing."
	Ryoko managed a small smile. Ryoko let her mind go back over all
of the many things that Washu had explained to her over the last week
in Tenchi's absence, mostly about the wave existence, and Judas, and
about her past lives.
	<It's all over my head, anyways.>
	<All that matters is getting Tenchi back, and then kicking this
Judas person's ass. That's all that I need to worry about.>
	Ryoko blinked as a thought occurred to her. She looked over at
Washu. "Say, Washu?"
	Washu looked over at her daughter. "What is it?"
	"You said that this Judas person has the power of Tenchi's Light
Hawk Wings, right?"
	Washu nodded. "That's right."
	Ryoko lifted her hand, and pointed to her wrist. "Then how the
hell am *I* supposed to fight him with *one* gem?"
	Washu blinked. "Oh shit. I completely forgot about that!"
	Ryoko let out a long sigh and plopped back onto the pillow. "I
guess we'll just have to sing by the house and get the Tenchi-ken."
	Washu nodded, inwardly kicking herself for forgetting such an
important detail. The two of them mostly stayed that way in silence for
quite a while. The silence never grew awkward, yet there really was 
nothing to say.
	They weren't completely uncomfortable around each other, and yet,
they had no idea where to go. So they simply stayed together, saying
nothing.
	It was a start.
	The two of them stayed that way for almost half an hour, when
they were interrupted by a soft knock at the door.
	Washu blinked. "It's open."
	There was a quiet *blip* from the other side, and then the door
slid back to reveal...
	...Tenchi.
	Ryoko gasped. "Tenchi!" 
	She wasted no time in flying over to him and throwing her arms
around him. He smiled, and embraced her back. Ryoko quickly caught on
to the fact that there was something different about Tenchi. She
frowned, but continued to hold him.
	He saw Washu from his view over Ryoko's shoulder. "Hello,
Washu-san."
	Washu grinned. "How was it, Tenchi?"
	"...different."
	Washu's grin increased. "I'll bet," she looked at Tenchi and 
Ryoko, and her eyes softened. "I'll go and find my sisters. You two just
stay here, okay?"
	Tenchi nodded. "Okay."
	Washu walked past them, and down the hall.
	Ryoko pulled back from the embrace, and kissed Tenchi. He kissed
her back, but still he seemed...off.
	"What was it like in there?"
	Tenchi gestured to the room. "How about we go in here? There's 
a lot I want to tell you."
	"Okay."
	The two of them entered the small room together, and the door
closed behind them. Ryoko went and sat on the bed, and patted the spot
next to her. Tenchi sat down, and looked over at Ryoko.
	"Ummm...I...really don't know where to begin."
	Ryoko reached out and took Tenchi's hand. "Just begin where you
want to."
	Tenchi smiled. "Okay."
	Ryoko smiled back, and squeezed his hand. 
	Tenchi let out a breath. "This could be it, Ryoko."
	Ryoko blinked. "What do you mean?"
	"We aren't just fighting someone with the power of the Light 
Hawk Wings. We are fighting someone much stronger than that."
	"How much stronger?"
	"I...really can't say. It's...funny. All I know is that the only
one who has a chance against him is me. Not even Tsunami can stand 
against him."
	Ryoko smiled. "Then you'll win, Tenchi. You always win."
	Tenchi looked over at Ryoko, and Ryoko finally realized exactly
what was different about Tenchi. It was in his eyes.
	Fear.
	"Do you have any idea how powerful I am *now*, Ryoko?" he
whispered.
	Ryoko just leaned forward, and wrapped one hand around the back
of his neck lightly, and pulled their faces closer. "I don't care,
Tenchi," she whispered, "All I know is that we'll make it alive, and
that we're going to be together forever...right?"
	Tenchi smiled. "...right."
	Ryoko kissed him. "We'll win. Everything will be okay. I just 
got you now...I don't want to lose you so soon!"
	"Neither do I, Ryoko. Neither do I."
	"Then we will win. It's that simple."
	Tenchi nodded. 
	Ryoko leaned forward, and put her head on his shoulder, as she
warmly wrapped her arms around him. He sat there, just letting her
hold him for a moment, until he brought his hands up to her arms, 
and pulled her back from him, so he was looking her in the face.
	"Ryoko...there's something else."
	"What is it?"
	"You know how I got my power from Tsunami?"
	Ryoko nodded.
	"Well...I can do the same for you."
	Ryoko blinked. 
	Tenchi closed his eyes. "I am now the living, breathing 
incarnation of the Light Hawk itself."
	Ryoko gasped.
	"I can give you my powers just like Tsunami did for me."
	Ryoko smiled. "I'd like that. I'm always game for more power."
	Tenchi opened his eyes, and his face was streaming with tears 
when he did. This caused Ryoko's smile to fade.
	"Ryoko...I saw...there is just...so much I want to tell you...
and yet...yet..."
	Ryoko wiped a tear off his face. "Just say it, Tenchi."
	"I love you, Ryoko. I saw so many things that I'll never forget,
in this experience. But through it all, all I realized is that I have
to not take anything for granted anymore," he said, his face still
streaming with tears, "and I've taken you for granted ever since I
first met you."
	"Tenchi, I *live* every day for you. I *breathe* for you. I
know that you took me for granted...but I know that you love me, and
that I love you. And that's all that matters to me."
	"But..."
	Ryoko silenced him by placing both her hands on his cheeks so
she was holding his face. They were looking at each other. "Tenchi...
why don't you just let me show you how much?" she whispered.
	All the memories and images that Tenchi saw inside the wave
existence quickly came back, flashing by his vision once more, before
leaving him in his own world once again, his world with Ryoko.
	"Please."
	Ryoko leaned forward, and kissed him. Tenchi quickly found 
himself kissing back. Ryoko's hands began to run down from his face,
down to his shoulders, and then down his sides, and then back up,
slowly, as she was gently caressing his body.
	Like all first time lovers, they were both eager and nervous
at the same time. Neither of them knew what to expect, all they knew
was that they loved each other, and that this was right.
	Tenchi found that his hands were no longer idle, as he began
to slowly run his hands down her side, and then up her stomach, and
across her breasts, and then over to her shoulders, and then around
her back, where he pulled her closer to him.
	Ryoko tilted her neck as Tenchi began to kiss it. Ryoko 
closed her eyes, and found herself squeezing Tenchi closer to her
body as she did.
	Tenchi was gently holding her back as he did this, and he could
feel the powerful muscles there beginning to tremble. Ryoko slowly
began to fall back onto the bed, taking Tenchi with her. As her
head fell against the pillow, Tenchi was on top of her, looking down
into her eyes.
	They stayed like that, looking into each others eyes for a few
moments. Ryoko then closed her eyes, and then smiled, a little sadly.
	"Tenchi?"
	Tenchi leaned his head down, so his mouth was next to her ear.
	"Yes?"
	She found herself nuzzling his neck. "Will you...make my last
dream come true?"
	".......I will."
	Ryoko opened her eyes, and fresh new tears were there. 
"Tenchi..."
	Tenchi began to kiss her again, and he began to undo her blouse.
Ryoko was slowly beginning to take off his shirt.
	The experience that followed was something that neither would
ever forget, as it was their first time. Like all new lovers, they
were rather clumsy and nervous, but they both experienced it 
together, and they knew that all the while, it did nothing except
extend their bond of love between the two.

	Washu felt a tear form in her eye, as she stared out the window
at hyperspace, as the stars flew past in a brilliant white stream.
Washu wiped it away with a smile on her face. She couldn't
block the feelings of pure joy that were coming from across the
link.
	Beside her, Tsunami saw this, and put her hand on Washu's 
shoulder. Washu looked over at Tsunami.
	Tsunami smiled. "You are a good mother, Deis."



TO BE CONTINUED



Author's Notes: Well, I went ahead and did it. I hope you liked that
chapter, as it was the most enlightening one yet. Were down to the
final stretched here, as there are only 2 chapters to go. They won't
be out for a little while, as I plan to release them both at the same
time. Well, thanks for reading, and I hope you are all enjoying this!
Send me comments! ^_^


MUSIC:

	Anonlbe and Ashley: "Requiem for the Gods", from 'Castlevania: SOTN'
	Ten, Was, & Ryo: "Drifting", from 'Final Fantasy VIII'
	Tokimi and Tsunami: "Air", by 'Ludwig Van Beethoven'
	Aeka's resolve: "Aeka Bojo", from 'Tenchi Muyo!'
	Tenchi to the W.E.: "Mission to Deep Space", from 'Star Ocean 2'
	Tenchi and the Light Hawk: "One who bares fangs at God", from 'Xenogears'
	Washu and Ryoko: "Trust Me", from 'Final Fantasy VIII'
	Ryoko and Tenchi: "Leena on the Beech", from 'Chrono Cross'



Thanks for Reading!
C&C to: bhoffer7@home.com
The Entry Plug
