Disclaimer: Here we go again! I do not own any of the following characters:
Ryoko, Tenchi, Washu, Mihoshi, Katsuhito, Sasami, Nobuyuki, Tsunami, Tokimi,
Aeka, or anyone else I'm forgetting who I am actually using. There, you heard
it. So don't freakin' sue me!

Author's notes: Here we go yet again! This is a chapter which has been in
planning for quite some time(a month or so), and this is the end result.
I really hope you enjoy it, and if you don't, email me and tell me why.
Oh, and for those of you who are confused, stay where you are! It'll all
make sense in the end! I promise! And, once again, I'd like to give a hats
off to my prereaders. You guys are a fic saver.



Quote of the day:
"Death no longer terrifies man. The smell of blood is as common as the 
smell of white plumes. So, he creates slavery, and savagery, which
surpass the horrors of dying. These can only be fought with more bloodshed, 
and so the cycle never ends."
					- Shisuro Hiko (Rurouni Kenshin OAV)






		You take away
		I feel the same

		You take away
		I feel the same
		All the promises you made to me you made in vain
		I lost myself inside your tainted smile again

		Cause you can't feel my ANGER
		You can't feel my pain
		You can't feel my torment
		Driving me insane
		I can't fight these feelings they will bring you pain
		You can't take away
		Make me whole again

		I feel betrayed
		Stuck in your ways
		And you rip me apart
		With the brutal things you say
		I can't deal with this shit anymore
		I just look away

		Cause you can't feel my ANGER
		You can't feel my pain
		You can't feel my torment
		Driving me insane
		I can't fight these feelings they will bring you pain
		You can't take away
		Make me whole again

		Mudshovel

		You take away
		I feel the same
		All these promises
		You promised only pain
		If you take away
		And leave me with nothing again

		Cause you can't feel my ANGER
		You can't feel my pain
		You can't feel my torment
		Driving me insane
		I can't fight these feelings they will bring you pain
		You can't take away
		Make me whole again

		You will feel my anger
		You will feel my pain
		You will feel my torment
		Driving you insane
		I can't fight these feelings they will bring you pain
		You won't take away
		I'll be whole again

		Mudshovel


	-- "Mudshovel" -- by 'Stained'



	**********

JUNE MERMAID
Chapter 3: The Broken Child

	**********


	Anger. That was the most prominent of emotions that Ryoko was feeling
as she phased through Tenchi's door into his room. Her entire being was
coursing with the emotion, and her very consciousness was struggling to
restrain her from striking out at something...*anything*.
	The only thing that was holding her back were those words...
	"It's not worth it, Ryoko. Not worth it at all."
	He spoke them, and he looked her in the eyes when he did. And he
meant them. And he was right.
	Why? Why did this have to happen?
	Ryoko angrily shook her head, tired of asking questions. She wanted
answers, and she had discovered that turning to her own consciousness
wasn't a very good source of them.
	Ryoko floated slowly over to Tenchi's bed, and sat down on the edge,
still deep in thought. She stared down at her black indoor shoes, as she
fidgeted her feet back and forth, really not understanding what had caused
her to think so much. Thinking wasn't really Ryoko's specialty.
	Acting was.
	Acting on emotion.
	Except that this time, she was told that she shouldn't.
	And she saw that she shouldn't either.
	So what was left?
	Thinking.
	Ryoko brought her hands up to her arms and began to rub them as if she
was cold, regardless that Tenchi's room was a normal temperature. In fact, she
wasn't cold at all. Not anymore. But she still felt cold, even though she wasn't.
It was a strange feeling, one in which the entity that was herself was rebelling
against the being that was herself, when in fact, they were one and the same.
A very strange feeling indeed.
	It really wasn't so much that Washu had done something so horrible to her.
She could probably forgive that. And if not, she wouldn't fret so much over it.
That wasn't how Ryoko was. No...it was the feelings that came with the abandonment.
The cold, the dark...and the loneliness.
	Ryoko found that she had begun to rub her arms quicker, and her breathing 
had increased. Her eyes began to water again. She looked up at the door, 
hoping to every god in existence that Tenchi would walk through it. She
wanted to be with him...with anybody. She wanted to be with someone. Being
with anyone would be better than being alone.
	Her heart began to slowly warm after being frozen as she heard the
sound of gentle footsteps approaching the doorway. She tried her best to
smile, but she could only curve the edges of her lips up only slightly.
	The door slid open, and Tenchi walked in.
	And the smile grew instantly.
	Tenchi saw this, and smiled back gently. He held her gaze for a few
seconds longer than was necessary, and he slid the door shut. 
	"How are you feeling?" He asked, as he walked over to the chair that
was still sitting next to the bed.
	Ryoko didn't say anything, as she continued to stare at his face. She
whimpered ever so slightly when he sat in the chair, and not on the bed next
to her. Tenchi saw this, and decided to act on it.
	He moved from the chair, and sat on the bed.
	Such a small gesture really doesn't mean much. It never could. A small
bodily movement, moving one cage of flesh next to another...how unsound.
	But for Ryoko, it was as if all the coldness in her heart had been
purged, and their was a quiet amount of warmth seeping into her being.
	Tenchi sat for a moment, staring at his feet.
	"Umm...are you okay?" he asked, trying to get a response.
	Ryoko sighed. "I don't really know."
	Tenchi realized that he had no idea what to expect. He always prided
himself on the fact that he knew all of the girls well, but that was under 
normal circumstances. That was when everyone was cheery, and feeling *normal*.
	Of course...this was most certainly *not* normal.
	Tenchi scratched his nose. "Is...there anything I can do?"
	Ryoko shook her head. "Just being here is enough."
	Tenchi nodded, and simply sat next to her.
	Ryoko was also staring at her feet. Ryoko wanted to ask Tenchi to 
hold her. Ryoko wanted to ask Tenchi to never leave her. Ryoko wanted
to ask Tenchi to say that he loved her.
	But that would ruin everything.
	Right now, Ryoko was closer to Tenchi than ever, and it was because
she was restraining herself. And there was no way she wanted to ruin that.
	As Ryoko continued to stare at her feet, Tenchi slowly worked his gaze
over to Ryoko. At first, it was subtle. He would glance gently over to her
knee which was situated only a few inches from his own. Then, he'd risk
glancing a little higher. After a few minutes of taking timid glances at her,
he worked up the nerve to bring his eyes to her face.
	As he looked, he didn't like what he saw. Earlier, he had been surprised
at how her distress had made her look so beautiful. At how she had looked like
a fallen angel. Now...that same distress seemed so...scarring.
	She continued to look down at her feet, and he continued to look at
her face. Her golden eyes were vulnerable. Her cheeks were frightened. Her
lip was quivering. This wasn't beautiful. This was horrible.
	Tenchi came to a conclusion. Ryoko wanted his comfort. He could see that
clearly. And although he never felt comfortable giving anyone the kind of comfort
that he was going to give her, he knew that she needed it.
	Slowly, Tenchi moved his arm over to Ryoko's other shoulder, and gently
cupped his hand on it. It felt very, very strange, and almost frightening to
be doing this, after pushing her away so many times.
	Ryoko's eyes lost their look of vulnerability, and gained one of shock.
	Tenchi slowly pulled Ryoko closer to him, so she was resting against
his warm body. As he lightly held her there, he found that he was breathing
heavily, and sweating a lot.
	Ryoko was completely motionless for a few moments, completely caught off
guard by Tenchi's display of obvious affection, but eventually found that
her craving for more defeated her shock.
	Ryoko slowly leaned into Tenchi, and wrapped one arm around his waist, and
rested her head on his shoulder, and closed her eyes.
	Tenchi smiled gently, and he began to rub her arm with his hand.
	"It's okay, Ryoko. Everything will be okay."
	Ryoko smiled, and let the tears come.
	"Everything is going to be alright." Tenchi reassured her.
	She sobbed into his shoulder. "Cold...so cold..."
	"What?"
	She wrapped both her arms around him. "I'm...so cold, Tenchi..."
	Tenchi smiled sadly, and wrapped both of his arms around her, holding
her closer to him.
	"When I was in there...I was so lonely. That was all I could feel. All
I could feel was loneliness, and cold. All I wanted was to be with you, and
to be warm again." she sobbed into his shirt.
	Tenchi sighed, and hugged her tighter. He knew exactly what she needed.
And wanted. Needs and wants were, in fact, usually one and the same thing.
But he couldn't lie. Not about something like that.
	He knew how desperately she was craving that he would tell her that he
loved her, and promise to keep her safe and warm forever. But...he couldn't.
He couldn't lie about something like that.
	<Didn't you think about this earlier?>
	<You think about her all the time. Why can't you call that love?>
	<All she wants is you. All she *needs* is you. You want her,
too. Why can't you just tell her that?>
	<But...I don't love her!>
	<Are you sure?>
	<...yes. I can't help it if I don't have those feelings for her.>
	<But...are you even looking?>
	<Looking?>
	<Have you even bothered to look to see if you have those feelings for
her? Or do you just constantly run from the possiblilty that you might have
them?>
	<Look now. See how you are holding her. How she is holding you. Look at
how you feel when you hold her. Look at how she feels when she holds you. Do
you honestly think that you feel this way about *anybody* else? Someone as
timid as you, holding her like this? Someone as timid as you carrying her naked
to your bed? Do you *really* think that you don't love her?>
	Tenchi sighed, and before he realized what he was doing, he leaned his
head against the top of Ryoko's head, and let out a small whimper.
	Ryoko stopped crying, and turned to look at him.
	Tenchi shook his head, and quickly smiled gently at her.
	Ryoko blinked. "What's wrong?"
	"Nothing is wrong. I'm...just sad to see you like this." he lied.
	Ryoko wiped the tears from her eyes. "Nonsense, Tenchi. What's wrong?"
	He sighed. "I told you."
	He really hoped she'd drop it. He really knew she didn't want or need to
be told that he *didn't* love her. He didn't have any desire to do that, either.
So he did the best thing he could...change the subject.
	"How come you felt so scared, Ryoko?" he asked.
	Ryoko saw through his dodge the question attempt with ease, but let it pass.
She leaned back onto his shoulder.
	"I...really don't want to say, Tenchi."
	"Why is that?"
	Ryoko sniffed. "It involves some bad memories."
	"We all have bad memories, Ryoko." Tenchi assured her.
	Ryoko hugged him closer. "It's about the cave."
	Tenchi nodded, getting the point immediately. Of course she'd be scared of
something that even resembled that. Darkness and absolute despair, trapped within
the walls of a prison that is to force that being to spend out it's days reflecting
on actions that weren't even hers to begin with...for 700 *years*.
	And then she was free.
	And then she was imprisoned again.
	Of course she'd be scared.
	Tenchi then thought that maybe if he could get her to voice some of her
fears, that maybe, just maybe, it'd be able to help her.
	He hugged her a bit tighter. "Ryoko...what was it like? With...Kagato."
	Ryoko shut her eyes in pain at the mere mention of that 'person's' name.
She sighed. "Horrible."
	Tenchi nodded. 
	"I killed. And killed. And killed. And I couldn't stop. It wasn't the
beatings. It wasn't the imprisonment. It wasn't that fact that I had no control
over myself, it was that I killed. That was the worst." Ryoko sobbed.
	Tenchi nodded again.
	"Taking life after life. Lives of men...lives of women...lives of 
*children*...now they're gone! And it was because of *ME*! It was all because of
me that they aren't there anymore! They will never laugh...never cry...and never
get angry...ever again. That was the worst."
	Tenchi rubbed her back. "It's all over now, though."
	Ryoko slowly opened her eyes, and pulled away from Tenchi, so she could
look at him, face to face.
	She shook her head. "No. It's not over. It won't be over until I'm dead and
gone."
	Tenchi looked at her. "Why do you say that?"
	"Weren't you listening? It was *my* fault. I *ended* them. There is no 
way that I can possibly pay for that with anything less than my life." she said.
	"But...it wasn't your fault!"
	She shook her head. "It WAS!"
	Tenchi shook his head. "No, it *wasn't*, Ryoko. It wasn't."
	Ryoko stopped for a second. And then...
	...she slapped him. Hard.
	Tenchi sat there for a few seconds, in complete surprise of what had just
happened. It didn't really hurt as much physically as it did mentally. He had
no idea *what* had happened.
	He slowly brought his hand up to his face, and gently cupped it against
the red spot where he had been slapped, as he turned back to look at Ryoko.
	Ryoko's eyes were rimming over, and she was staring at Tenchi.
	It wasn't anger in her eyes. It was fear.
	"Don't give me that childish *BULLSHIT*, Tenchi! It was *my* fault!
How could it be anybody else's fault? I have to accept that!" she sobbed.
	Tenchi then looked at her, straight in the eyes, and he realized
exactly why they held fear.
	She was scared...by him.
	Ever since she had arrived, he had done nothing that ever even resembled
accepting anything that she was about. Whenever she wanted to feel his acceptance,
he would push her away. Whenever she gave her viewpoint on something, he
would either not comment on it or shoot it down.
	And now...when she told him what she had believed to be right, for over
2000 years...he had told her it was *wrong*.
	Ryoko stared into his eyes, tears flowing freely down her face.
	"You...you can't tell me that, Tenchi! Not you! I have killed! I have
betrayed! And...and...you're too damn clean!" she began to sob uncontrollably
as she spoke, but she made no movement to bury her face in anything or wipe
away the tears.
	Tenchi took his hand off of his face.
	His inner voice was right.
	He *didn't* deserve her love.
	He smiled as gently as he could at her, his eyes beginning to water
slightly.
	"Then you can just start over."
	Ryoko blinked. "..what?"
	Tenchi nodded, and brought his hand to her face. "There's no reason you
can't begin again, Ryoko."
	Ryoko angrily pushed his hand away from her face. "I can't forget what I
*am*, Tenchi!"
	Tenchi shook his head. "Are you a murderer, Ryoko?"
	"I...what?"
	Tenchi closed his eyes, and summoned up the courage. "I don't think you
are. Whenever you have been acting on your own free will...you have never
killed anyone."
	Ryoko shook her head. "But I *did*, Tenchi! Why can't you understand?
Why can't you understand that no matter what I say or do, nothing is going
to bring back all of those people who are dead because of *me*?"	
	"So you think that fretting over it like this is such a great idea?"
he answered almost angrily.
	Ryoko moved to respond, but Tenchi cut her off.
	"It's like you said, Ryoko. Nothing you say or do will bring them
back. So stop beating on yourself for no reason!"
	Ryoko grabbed Tenchi by the collar of his shirt and brought them
face to face. "I don't want to hear it! I don't need your consolation!"
	"Then why am I here?" he bit back.
	Ryoko blinked, then let go of Tenchi's shirt.
	She moved back a few inches from Tenchi's face.
	Why was he here? 
	This is his room, he can be here if he wants.
	That's not it...
	It was because she *wanted* him here.
	But...she wanted him to love her. And he hadn't said that.
	Ryoko was tired of it.
	Tired of wanting only one thing more than anything else in the entire
universe, and not getting it.
	Trying so desperately to get it, and having him treat her desire for it
as if it was some sort of joke.
	Tenchi sighed. This was the worst job of consolation that he had ever done.
The worst job that anyone could ever do.
	He sat up, and looked at Ryoko in the eyes.
	They shared several minutes of nothing but staring into each other's eyes.
Neither of them even blinked. They simply gazed through the windows of their
souls, and looked beyond. Tenchi saw the craving. The craving for his love. Ryoko
saw the craving. The craving to understand.
	"I'm...sorry I hit you, Tenchi. Please...forgive me."
	Tenchi made no movement to forgive her. He never opened his mouth. He simply
continued to stare at Ryoko. His eyes were growing from confusion to gentleness.
He felt the change. It was as if he had not understanded anything in his life, 
and as if some benevolent light had shined on him, showing him understanding. As
if he had been blind since he had been born, and now his eyes had been opened.
	So he sat there, doing nothing but staring...because his eyes hurt from
being opened for the first time, and they needed time to adjust to the light.
	Ryoko was livid within herself. She was furious at herself for ever
even considering striking Tenchi. She was annoyed at always being confused as
to everything that had ever gone on in her life. And...she was sad as to the
fact that no matter what happened, she always failed to understand Tenchi.
	Now. Now that his eyes had been adjusted to the light, he could move
again.
	Tenchi, slowly, and wordlessly, began to glide his body and face towards
Ryoko.
	Ryoko watched in quiet awe as he moved closer and closer.
	Tenchi's face stopped only inches from her. Both of their mouths were 
slightly open, and they could feel each other's warm breath entering each others
mouths. They stared at each other for a few moments, and then Tenchi moved again.
	Tenchi rested his forehead against hers, as he continued to stare into her
golden eyes.
	"I forgive you, Ryoko. And...I'm sorry."
	"Why?" she asked, barely above a whisper, almost unable to believe what
was happening was actually happening.
	"For taking you for granted. For not treating you with the respect you
clearly deserve. For not showing you that I am a better person than Kagato.
For...not returning your soul to you, after you selflessly gave it to a fool like 
me." he managed to whisper to her, his eyes never leaving hers.
	Ryoko said nothing, as she continued to stare into his soul.
	Tenchi slowly brought his hands up, and shakingly, wrapped them around
Ryoko's waist. Her eyes smiled out of joy by watering, and issued words of
silent encouragement and absolute happiness by overflowing, letting their
liquid words descend down her face.
	Tenchi blinked slowly, smiled gently, and pulled her to his body.
	As he did, he kissed her.
	The two of them closed their eyes as their lips met.
	Ryoko gently wrapped her shaking arms around his neck.
	Both of them were shaking. Both of them were scared. Both of them
couldn't actually believe that this was anything but a dream. And both of
them...never, ever wanted to wake up.
	They both opened their eyes as one, an unspoken unison between the
two. They stared at each other quietly, not saying anything, with solemn
faces.
	Then, again in an unspoken agreement between the two, they slowly
lay back onto the bed, never taking their hands, nor eyes off of the
other.
	They lay there together, holding each other, never wanting to wake 
up. Seconds passed. Minutes passed. Time flew by as if they were standing still,
and they were outside it's stream, refusing to let themselves be carried 
away by it's powerful current.
	Tenchi finally smiled. "I love you, Ryoko."
	Ryoko finally brought a smile to her face. "You...have no idea how
badly I've wanted to hear those words, Tenchi."
	Tenchi continued to look passed her eyes, and into her soul.
	"Yes...I do."
	Ryoko's smile only increased in mirth, and she slowly brought her head
over to rest on Tenchi's shoulder. Tenchi held her close as she did, trying to 
keep her warm. To keep her in the light. To keep her from being lonely.
	Sleep only took mere seconds to overwhelm Ryoko's poor soul, as she
collapsed into a deep slumber on Tenchi's shoulder.
	Tenchi smiled, and gently rolled her off of him. He stood, and gently
tucked her into the bed, making sure that her head was on the pillow and that
she was comfortable.
	Tenchi stood there for a few moments, staring down at the now peaceful
face of Ryoko. A face that had not only a few minutes earlier held an expression
of pain and sorrow, now holding an expression of peace and love.
	Tenchi bent down and kissed her forehead, leaving his lips lingering
against her soft skin for a few seconds, before lifting his face from hers.
	Tenchi knew that what Ryoko wanted and needed was for him to be with her.
And Tenchi now realized that it was exactly what he wanted and needed at the
same time.
	Tenchi's stomach growled.
	He chuckled to himself. In all the fuss of this crazy morning, he hadn't
eaten anything yet! The whole morning seemed to be some sort of surreal blur,
he wasn't sure if it was even real.
	He shook his head. If he was going to watch over Ryoko, he needed to have
the energy to do so.
	He needed food.
	Kissing her gently again, he slowly left the room, to go down and get 
a quick bite to eat. He wanted to return as quickly as possible.
	Tenchi descended down the stairs, just as the front door slid open.
	Washu went flying past him, and raced into her lab.
	Tenchi scratched his head in confusion, as Aeka, Sasami, Mihoshi and
Noboyuki walked in with their arms full of groceries.
	"Oh, Tenchi-sama! How is Ryoko doing?" Aeka asked as she walked up to
him.
	Tenchi looked back at her. He blinked. Aeka. What was he supposed to do
now? He hadn't even thought about this. When it all happened, it was as if a
great blinding light had struck him, and all he could see, hear or think about
was Ryoko. What to do with Aeka had never occured to him.
	Tenchi shook his head. "Umm...she's doing well, now."
	He glanced back at the door to Washu's lab. "Where was she going in such
a hurry?"
	Aeka handed her bags over to Sasami. "It was strange, actually."
	Tenchi returned his gaze to Aeka. "How so?"
	Aeka sighed. "Well, when we left to go shopping..."
	"Hold on. I'm really hungry. I just want to get something to eat, then
tell me about it, okay?" Tenchi said, as his stomach rumbled again.
	Aeka smiled warmly. "Of course, Tenchi."
	The two of them walked into the kitchen as Sasami was already dispersing
the groceries into the proper areas of the kitchen.
	Tenchi opened in the fridge, and looked for something to eat quick.
	"Umm...you were saying?" he said as he pulled out some breakfast leftovers.
	Aeka nodded. "Yes, well...Washu-san was acting very strange this morning.
She was keeping to herself all the way there."
	Tenchi nodded as he chewed the food. "That's to be expected."
	Aeka pulled a chair out from the table and sat down. "Yes, I agree. But
that wasn't the concerning part." She paused, and took a deep breath. "While
we were at the store, she seemed to go through somewhat of a mild seizure."
	Tenchi blinked as he swallowed the food. "You're kidding."
	Aeka shook her head ruefully. "Unfortunetly, no. And after that, she
demanded that we return her to her lab as soon as possible."
	Tenchi stared off into space as he chewed. "What's going on around here
lately?"

	Washu sat in her lab, frantically typing, as if she only had a few seconds
to save the universe. Her eyes danced across the screen, absorbing the 
information, and trying to make sense of what exactly that information summed
up to.
	After a few minutes, she sighed, and fell back into her chair. She rubbed
her arm where she had taken a sample from herself. The results were...expected.
	And that was what surprised Washu the most.
	There was something in her head, screaming at her that there was something
wrong...or at least...different, with her than before. But she couldn't seem
to pinpoint exactly what that difference was.
	Sighing again, Washu drearily clacked at the keys, bringing up various
screens of information on her blood sample. She stared at it as if she was under
some sort of hypnotic trance.
	Suddenly, one of the screens caused Washu to bolt up to attention.
	Washu's eyes widened.
	Her eyes focused in on a very small blotch within her cellular structure.
	"No way...where have I heard that before?" she pondered out loud.

	The two of them sat outside a small tube, both of them sitting in front of
very advanced computer equipment. The room itself appeared to be somewhat
ancient, and yet modern at the same time. The room was dark and stonelike, like
an ancient temple, although the floor, walls and cieling were clearly made of
reinforced metal.
	In the center of the room, inside the tube...was a being.
	Washu shook her head. "I'm not getting any feedback on the wave transmitters."
	Kagato nodded. "Maybe if you injected more compound D?"
	Washu put her hand up to her chin in thought. "Unlikely...the nanotransmitters
are already starting to oscillate incorrectly. The amino acid solution is causing
a negative reaction with the axon and dendrite relationship."
	Kagato quickly typed in some commands into the computer. "What if we
radiated the wave pattern from all directions at once? The nanotransmitters wouldn't
be so jumpy if we did."
	Washu nodded. "That's probably a good idea."
	Washu typed in a few commands, and some cables that attached themselves to the
computer equipment and the large tube began to hum with a low resonance.
	"Sonic frequencies are increasing..." Kagato said.
	"Dammit." Washu cursed. "We've allowed foreign waves into the bio-matrix.
There's noise in the nerve impulse systems!"
	Kagato quickly typed in some commands. "Subject's cathexis is starting to
maladjust to the sonic frequencies."
	"I think that her ego is floating in the compound D in quantum form." Washu
said.
	Kagato sighed. "Ryoko's really being bitchy today."
	Washu nodded. "Yeah, she's not even a teen yet, and she's already deciding
that what her mother thinks is best is full of it."
	Kagato scratched his temples. "Suggestions?"
	Washu leaned back into her chair. "I suppose we could reconfigure the recoil
effect in the compound D. It's risky, because the axon dendrite relationship
itself could be affected. But...otherwise, she'll just float there, outside of
her body. And while I like the idea that my little girl has already figured out
how to use some of her powers, I'd rather have her in her body when she does."
	Kagato nodded. "Sounds good to me."
	The two of them began to type furiously at their computer stations, trying
to fix the problem at hand.
	Kagato spoke without looking or stopping. "So why do you think this happened, 
exactly?"
	"I'm not totally sure. I think more than likely it's because of the
autonomic reconfiguration we did. I think that she may have learned how to 
project herself astrally prematurely." Washu sighed. "It'll be better once we
can molecularly construct the gems ourselves. That way, we can control her so
she won't...run off...so to speak."
	Kagato nodded, his face expressionless.
	Washu stopped typing. She looked at her data, completely in bewilderment.
	Kagato looked over at her. "Professor? What is it?"
	Washu shook her head. "I'm detecting...some very...peculiar data."
	"What kind of data, exactly?"
	Washu leaned closer, to get a better look. "There appears to be...a...
singularity, within the nanomachines."
	Kagato blinked. "A singularity? Why didn't the tangaent graph pick it
up earlier?"
	Washu shook her head. "I don't know!" She began to type furiously,
to zoom in on the singularity.
	"I...don't believe it!" she said, flabbergasted.
	"What?"
	"It's...a residue from an intron!"
	Kagato's eyes widened. "An intron! Within the nanomachines? How is that even
*possible*?!" He stopped, as a thought occured. "Does that mean...?"
	"I'm checking." Washu said in a hastened tone.
	Thousands upon thousands of digital coded lines of text and information
blitzed by the red headed scientist eyes, until it locked to a stop on a certain
topic.
	Washu took in a deep breath. "It's...there. It's really there."
	Kagato blinked. "This is incredible! How did she get it? Can you decode
the data?"
	Washu shook her head. "I may be the greatest scientist in the universe, but
not even I have the ability to properly digitize an Urobolus ring."
	Kagato put his hand to his chin in thought. "A real intron system. The
Urobolus ring...imagine what this all means!"

	Washu nodded to herself in the confines of the lab, at her little mental
recollection of the past. Back when there was a time when Ryoko was still
innocent...when Kagato was a friend, a partner...a lover.
	Washu shook off the memories to regain her concentration on the more
important task. The memory had been recalled for a reason. Not for the sake of
the time when both Kagato and Ryoko were both on good terms with the scientist...
but more for the information.
	Washu remembered, as she stared at the information on the screen in front
of her currently.
	An intron.
	In her own blood.
	How was that even possible?
	Washu didn't have any nanomachines within her body.
	Even so...
	Why hadn't it shown up in previous checks of her own body? How could an
Urobolus Ring be within Washu?
	Washu shook her head.
	<Why can't I remember?>
	<Why did I forget about Ryoko's intron until just today?>
	<What the hell is going on in my *mind*?!>
	Washu shook her head fiercly, and zoomed the camera in on the image of the
Urobolus Ring. It contracted and expanded, spinning around and around. It was
a grayish color, and then it was blue...and then it was red...
	The Ring constantly changed it's shape and color. It was most perplexing.
	Urobolus Rings were a specially encoded series of DNA that were stored within
specially enhanced cells called introns. But an intron and a Urobolus Ring 
are so advanced, that they can't even be decoded, let alone cloned.
	Creating one is simply impossible.
	Finding one is almost as hard.
	A human body contains no introns. It is simply made of carbons, hydrogens and
oxygens, as well as many other more minor chemicals. An intron isn't of any
element. It is it's own.
	So...how did one appear in Ryoko?
	And how did one appear in Washu?
	What was stored within the Urobolus Ring?
	Washu scratched her head, and slumped in her chair.
	Ryoko. An interesting creature. It could be argued that she was created, or
born. Both would in fact be the truth.
	Ryoko...a homonculus created by autonomic machines on a molecular scale, a
colony of nanomachines and artificial rhibosomes and chromosomes. Structured
within a reactor, and then given the essence of life within Washu's ovum.
	She was made purely out of science. And purely out of Washu.
	And since science cannot possibly duplicate, clone, or artificially construct
an intron...that means that she must have gotten them from Washu.
	But Washu had run her own physical diagnostic checks on herself many times
over the course of her twenty thousand year life span. She had *never* located
the kind of singularity that would be produced by an intron cell.
	So why did she find them now?
	How did they get there?
	What *are* they exactly?
	Washu continued to ponder these questions as she continued to stare at the
digitally scanned image of an Urobolus Ring. She continued to stare at it...
	...and then she heard the voice.
	[Are you confused?]
	Washu's eyes widened.
	<No. I must be hearing things.>
	[You are most certainly not.]
	<How...who...who are you? How are you communicating over my mind link?>
	[Mind link? Such a thing does not exist.]
	Washu frantically began to scan her mind to see if she could find who was
talking to her. It could be her going crazy, or Ryoko trying to get back at her
for what she did last night.
	[No. This is not you, and it is not Ryoko.]
	<Then who are you exactly?>
	[Why does that matter?]
	<Why? As a scientist, I am extremely intrigued. Plus I'm not very keen on
the idea of foreign bodies invading my mental privacy.>
	[Hmmm...how would you suggest I identify myself?]
	<Like...a *name*, maybe?>
	[I have no name.]
	<Then just make one up!>
	[Why?]
	<Because if you label yourself, it will be easier for me to identify 
with you.>
	[Label myself? I...don't know any labels.]
	<Argh! Forget it! What do you want, then?>
	[I was merely curious. I wanted to see exactly how well you are coming
along, that's all.]
	<Coming along? With what?>
	[Hmmhmmhmm. What do you think?]
	<With my research?>
	[What? That? No, that is not what I am referring to.]
	<What the *hell* are you talking about, then?!>
	[I was curious as to how much you have been using everyone.]
	<*Using*? What are you talking about?>
	[Don't you know? Haven't the three of you been using the children for your
own ends? Am I not mistaken? I was just curious as to how much, that is all.]
	<The three? Who are you talking about?>
	[.......I see now.]
	<What? What do you see?>
	[I suppose I shouldn't say. You should probably figure that out yourself.]
	<Are you just going to keep toying with me, or what? I want some answers, 
and I want them NOW!>
	[Hmm...maybe you should ask them. They could tell you.]
	<They? Who?>
	[The other of the endless.]
	<Endless?>
	[Have you become a fallen child, Washu? Is that it? Or do you simply not
remember?]
	<Fallen Child? Not remember what?>
	[Of course. Now I see. You creatures are very amusing. Especially you
sisters. I find watching you to be very entertaining. You even go so far as
to fool each other.]
	<Sisters? Who?>
	[I suppose I shouldn't interfere anymore with the game that has already
been put into motion. It wouldn't be my place.]
	<Hold on a second, here! You think you can just come into *my* mind, 
screw around, raise questions to which I don't have the answers, and then take
off? Like hell you will!>
	[Maybe you should ask some questions instead.]
	<Huh?>
	[You are already part of the 'Eve' child. Why not talk to her?]
	<Eve child? What is that?>
	[You created her. Who do you think?]
	<Ryoko.>
	[Yes. I do not think that she knows any more than you do. But perhaps she
could be able to free the alternate sentience within you.]
	<Alternate sentience? What the *hell* are you talking about?>
	[Really? You truly don't remember?]
	<Remember *WHAT*?!?>
	[Hmm. Perhaps it would be best if you searched for those answers yourself.
I'm not sure if your sisters will step in and actually tell you of the knowledge.]
	<My sisters? ......what in the hell are you talking about? I'm going crazy.>
	[Perhaps. But that isn't completely unusual. It seems that you aren't the
staring role after all.]
	<Staring role?>
	[Hmmm...she won't be happy if I interfere, but it is indeed most entertaining
to watch them get so angry. So I think I could tell you a little.]
	<...alright. What's going on exactly?>
	[There is a man. And a woman. They will be together. And everything will
live or die because of that.]
	<Okay...that was a little bit vague. Mind going into a little bit of
detail?>
	[You know them.]
	<............Tenchi and Ryoko?>
	[Indeed.]
	<What do you mean, 'everything will live or die'?>
	[As I have stated, they will be together. They are now, and they always
will be. It is of the endless cycle that was put into place.]
	<Right. And this means...what, exactly?>
	[Cannot you see it? The way they are? They are unbound! They are the only
free beings in that dimension other than yourself!]
	<What do you mean, 'free'?>
	[I shouldn't say. Your sister would be angry at me. Although...that would
indeed be a most amusing prospect. I don't think I ever have actually managed
to come into contact with anyone other than your sister's child. It would be
interesting to see what your sister is actually like.]
	<Who is this sister you keep going on about?>
	[Tsunami, of course.]
	<Tsunami. Is my sister. Figuratively, right?>
	[Hmm...I'll let you think about that one.]
	<Alright, whatever. I don't really care about that right now. I want to know...
what does all this mean, exactly?>
	[It means that the cycle is finally coming to it's end.]
	<What cycle?>
	[The cycle of the endless. A creation which was created untold centuries ago.
As ancient as existence itself.]
	<What is this cycle?>
	[I'm surprised that you don't already know! Seeing as you are such a large
part of it.]
	<Me?>
	[Yes. It wasn't necessarily you who started the cycle. You have been more of
a...caretaker, of it. A keeper of time, so to speak.]
	<And I have been doing this...how, exactly?>
	[Hmm...I'm not at liberty to divulge that information, I'm afraid.]
	<What? What the hell? You know what's going on, so tell me!>
	[No.]
	<That's it? A straight out 'no'? You stupid...>
	[I will tell you that there is a way to find the answers for yourself,
however.]
	<How can I do that?>
	[Keep in constant contact with the other Keepers of Time.]
	<You said...Tenchi and Ryoko, right?>
	[Hmm...that is right, yes. More 'Eve', than 'Adam', however. 'Adam' doesn't
know much. He never did, and he probably never will. He was always the one who
would act, not the one who would plan.]
	<So then...keep in contact with Ryoko? Is that it?>
	[Mostly.]
	<Why? Why should I do all of this?>
	[You don't have to. But you would upset your sisters if you stopped your
pursuit now. After all, they are indeed the master's of deception, and it wouln't
please them at all if you stopped doing what they planned.]
	<...I don't think I'm liking this 'getting used by my sisters' thing.>
	[Nonetheless, no matter what you do, I will meet with him once again.]
	<Him?>
	['Adam'.]
	<Tenchi? Does he know about this? Doesn't he get a say in all this either?>
	[Would you ask the sword it's opinions?]
	<A sword? Tenchi is just a tool?>
	[Mostly. As are you and the others.]
	<For who? My......sisters?>
	[Not really. They just guide you. Or so they believe, anyway.]
	<Who are you? Really, I mean.>
	[My actual existence has never really been given a proper definition. I don't
believe I could tell you as well as I could show you.]
	<Well then, show me!>
	[I am afraid that unless we make an actual contact, that is impossible.]
	<Alright...where can I find you?>
	[Ask your sisters.]
	Washu's head snapped back as she felt the powerful presense leave her mind.
She doubled over, and began to breathe heavily, as if a tremendous weight had
been lifted off of her shoulders.
	She wiped some sweat off of her head, as she leaned back into her chair.
	"What did all that mean...?"

	The congregation that was gathered around the large room were all in stiff, 
silent salute as the preistess entered the room. A hushed awe passed through all
men and women present, as Sumirei stepped down the steps in a graceful form, 
flanked by a somewhat dazed and sheepish Ashley.
	She came to a stop in front of the large, red carpet in the middle of the
large room. She stood completely erect, looking out over her devout followers.
	Her gaze held a look of sterness, but at the same time, an undescribable
feel of compassion.
	"My friends, the time to reclaim what was rightfully Tsunami's is at hand.
Those who have fought on, and sacrificed their very lives have not been forgotten.
We will live on, for their sake, and we will claim victory. Tomorrow, we will
ressurrect our true nation!" She shouted to all who listened.
	All 200 people there unsheathed their swords, and raised them in a salute
of agreement and honor.
	"For Tsunami!" They all cried as one.
	"To prove that we fear nothing, and that we indeed have the mettle of our
ancestors, I myself shall lead you all into battle!" She paused, then continued.
"Tsunami's tree will be returned, and all those who have fallen shall be remembered!"
	There was a triumphant cheer of approval.
	"You may go and bid farewell to your families. Tomorrow, Jurai shall be
reborn once again!"
	One last cheer erupted, and then the people began to file out in a respectful
mannor. As the last of the higher ranking officials for Tsunami's army left the
sacred temple, Sumirei sighed. 
	"That sure was hard. I'm not used to dealing with so many people at once."
	Ashley put a comforting hand on her shoulder. "That's alright. You did great,
Sumirei."
	Sumirei turned to him, and smiled. She embraced him.
	They were interrupted by the sound of someone clearing their throat.
	They turned as one to the sound.
	"Y...Yuka-chan!" they cried.
	Yuka chuckled. "Just friends, Ashley?"
	Ashley blushed, and Sumirei chuckled.
	Yuka nodded. "Anyway...who are going to be the general's, Sumirei?"
	"Tsunami has declared that I have the choice in the matter. So I picked
you two." she stated. 
	"S...Sumirei?! Me? A general? I have no commanding experience!" Ashley 
sputtered.
	"Smile, Ashley." she said, looking in his eyes.
	"I...I really wish you wouldn't do that..." he stammered.
	"Why?" she asked, innocently batting her eye lashes.
	Ashley quickly glanced about the large room for an excuse to divert the
conversation. His eyes locked on Yuka's blaster.
	"Umm...Yuka-chan, I've been meaning to ask you...what *is* that?"
	Sumirei sighed, and Yuka drew her blaster so he could get a better look.
	"This? It's a blaster."
	Ashley scratched his head. "What's a...blaster?"
	"It's a weapon I made myself. You see...I found that swords and spears and
the like were rather inadequete. So I made this." She smiled proudly. "You see,
the way this thing works is it generates electrical energy in the power battery
packs, and then transfers it into the priming chamber. There, it causes a
false detonation to ignite the electricity, and then using a proton switch, it
propels the created energy out in the form of reprocessed plasma."
	Ashley and Sumirei stared back at Yuka with completely blank looks on
their faces.
	Yuka sighed. "It shoots magic."
	"Ooooooohhhhhhh."
	Yuka shook her head. <Why can't anyone ever appreciate true genius?>
	"Anyways...so what will our assignments be?" Yuka asked.
	Sumirei latched onto Ashley's arm. "Well, you will lead one squad,
Yuka-chan. You will take them to the south side of the city, and raze any
and everything in your path. Ashley will go to the north side and do the same.
After fighting for a few minutes, I will lead a squad in from the east while
their forces are divided, and head straight for the palace."
	Yuka nodded. "That's a fairly sound strategy. I guess you have to be the
one who reached the tree first."
	Sumirei nodded.
	"Oh! I almost forgot!" Yuka cried, and she started to fish around in her
pockets. "Ah! Here we go!"
	Yuka handed Ashley and Sumirei a slender, white stick each.
	Ashley took it with a puzzled look on his face. "What is this, Yuka-chan?"
	Yuka smiled. "It's a comminucator."
	Sumirei was examining her's very closely. "What does it do, exactly?"
	Yuka pulled one other out her pocket to demonstrate with. "See this?" she
twisted the top, and a red light on the top turned on. "Do that, and then we can
communicate with each other. All you have to do is talk into this red light."
	"Aaaaaaahhhhhhh."
	Yuka sighed. "Honestly, how you guys keep getting surprised by my new
inventions is beyond me."
	Sumirei tugged at Ashley's arm. "Walk with me, Ashley."
	Ashley stammered something incomprehensible, and allowed himself to be dragged
off with Sumirei. Yuka chuckled, and holstered her blaster.
	The two of them walked out of the large room, and into a very well decorate
hallway. It was filled with very detailed and beautiful taperstries, all resembling
Jurai before the time when the capital had fallen.
	The two of them walked through the hall which had no walls, giving them a 
perfect view of the sun which was setting off in the distance.
	Sumirei looked up at Ashley as they walked. "Smile, Ashley."
	"Why do you always ask me that?" he asked her.
	She smiled sweetly up at him. "Because you look so handsome when you do."
	He blushed and smiled. "What are you going to do after the war, Sumirei?"
	"I...don't know. I hadn't really thought about it." She said, returning
her gaze to the cobbled floor in front of them.
	"Really? You hadn't thought about that?"
	"No...all I've been thinking about for years has been getting the palace
back and you." she said.
	Ashley intertwined his fingers with hers, and gave her hand a light 
squeeze.
	She sighed, and rested her head on his shoulder. "It's going to be so hard."
	They came to a stop, as they looked out over a beautiful cobbled courtyard,
with the sun setting in the background.
	"What is going to be so hard?" Ashley asked.
	The two of them sat down together. "People are going to die, Ashley."
	Ashley nodded. "Everyone is prepared to give thier lives for the cause."
	Sumirei shook her head. "No...I mean, even those people of Centra. They
are also going to die."
	Ashley looked over at Sumirei in confusion. "But...they are the ones who
stole everything from us, and imprisoned Tsunami's tree."
	"But still...their human, just like you and me."
	"Perhaps...but we have a greater goal. Sometimes we have to look past
that. We have to protect the world for our children."
	Sumirei blinked. "But do we have to protect them with *murder*?"
	Ashley gasped slightly.
	Sumirei stared out over the courtyard, the orange rays from the setting sun
dancing over her face. "We'll slaughter legions so only a few can survive. Our
swords will be tearing asunder the lives of many a man."
	Ashley only nodded ruefully.
	"They may be evil, they may be corrupt...but they are still humans, first
and foremost. We are going to kill them, simply because we don't agree with
them." Sumirei explained sadly.
	"That's nonsense." Ashley bit back.
	"What?"
	Ashley shook his head. "We aren't killing them just because we don't agree
with them. We are ending them because they have taken what is rightfully
Tsunami's. And what belongs to her, should be hers."
	Sumirei leaned over onto Ashley's shoulder. "I suppose your right."
	Ashley put his arm over Sumirei, and gave her a comforting squeeze.
	Sumirei smiled and closed her eyes. "In the chaos that the war will bring,
it's going to be hard to tell what is right and what is wrong. Maybe...maybe
we'll never know."
	Ashley took a long breath, and leaned his head on top of Sumirei's.
	The two of them stared out over the courtyard together, enjoying what may
be in fact their last few moments alive together.

	Tenchi sat in the chair next to his bed, where he kept a safe vigilance
over the sleeping form of Ryoko. He stared out the window, at the red and orange
leaves on the trees. It was autumn. It was cold, and it was beautiful.
	Tenchi let out a small gasp as he saw a flake of snow fall next to his
window. He smiled weakly as he continued to watch the snow gradually increase
it's rate of descent.
	Soon, the mountain would be blanketed by it's white, cold mirth. Winter, the
season of beauty. Winter, the season of death.
	Tenchi's attention from the season change outside his window was drawn by
Ryoko stirring underneath the blankets. He returned his soft eyes to her face, 
as she moved in her sleep, mumbling his name quietly to no one other than 
herself.
	Tenchi stared at her hair. Her hair was running from her scalp, like an
infinite pool of cerulean water, crashing over his pillow in splendid form.
He couldn't help admiring it's beauty.
	<You can't take her for granted any more, Tenchi.>
	Tenchi nodded in agreement with his thoughts. He had taken her for granted.
Not just her, but everyone else as well. He felt that it was time that he started
to show everyone else in the family the respect that they deserved.
	He was slightly thrown from his thoughts as he heard a quiet knock at the
door. He got up from the chair, and walked over to the door.
	He slid it open quietly. He blinked. "Washu-chan?"
	Washu nodded. "I was wondering...could I speak to you, Tenchi?"
	Tenchi scratched the corner of his mouth in thought, and then nodded. He
silently gestured with his hand, inviting her into his room. She walked in quietly
and he shut the door behind her.
	Washu let out a small gasp when she saw Ryoko sleeping in Tenchi's bed.
Mostly from seeing Ryoko again after what had happened.
	Tenchi took another chair from his desk and handed it to Washu. She took it,
and set it next to Tenchi's chair, where he sat down again, still looking
at Ryoko.
	There were a few silent moments. "So, what is it?" Tenchi said in a hushed
voice.
	Washu was staring out the window with a blank face. "It's snowing..." she
said rather absent mindedly.
	Tenchi looked up. "Yeah...so, what did you want to talk about?"
	Washu looked over to Ryoko, and then over to Tenchi. "Are you two...?"
	Tenchi scratched the back of his head. "Are we...what?"
	Washu nodded. "You're in love, right?"
	Tenchi looked at Washu with a puzzled expression. "Umm...how did you know?"
	Washu closed her eyes, and shook her head. "Someone told me."
	Tenchi's eyes narrowed slightly. "Who?"
	"I don't know..." she trailed off.
	"What? What do you mean?"
	"That's what I'm here to talk to you about." she stated. 
	He nodded. "Okay...so what is it?"
	"Have...you been hearing voices...at all?" she asked slowly.
	"No...I don't think so. Why? Have you?" he asked.
	Washu nodded. "Yes...and it said that you and Ryoko would know. I don't
know if I'm just going crazy or what...but..."
	"Hold on a sec..." Tenchi interrupted. "Earlier today...I think I did."
	Washu blinked. "Really? What did it say?"
	Tenchi scratched his chin in thought. "Well...it was like I was talking
to myself, or something. It was kind of strange. It was as if it was yelling at
me."
	"Yelling at you? About what?"
	Tenchi sighed. "That I've been taking everyone in the family for granted."
he admitted shamefully.
	Washu crossed her arms in thought. "No...that wasn't like mine at all."
	"Sorry...that's all I can think of. Do you think that Ryoko was hearing
voices also?" he asked.
	"Weeeeelllllllll........I don't know for sure, but the voice told me that
you, Ryoko and myself were linked in a way. It told me to talk to you two for
more answers, so here I am."
	"Linked...you say?" Tenchi thought about it. "Well...I remember that you
and Ryoko are linked...but..." he trailed off.
	"What? Do you remember something?" Washu asked hopefully.
	Tenchi scratched his head. "Well...there have been a couple of times when
it seemed that Ryoko was in distress...and I have no idea how I knew that. It
was like she was calling out to me, but she wasn't even around."
	Washu nodded. "Hmmm...sounds like a mental link residue. A weak one, but
it definitely sounds like one."
	"So you think we're linked?"
	Washu scratched her chin in thought. "Maybe. That could be a possibility.
I'd have to take a better look at the both of you..." she glanced over at the
sleeping form of Ryoko. "...and I don't think Ryoko would like that at all."
	Tenchi nodded in agreement. "I think you're right."
	A silence fell over the two of them, both of them slightly lost in their
own thoughts. Washu had returned to staring out the window at the snow, falling,
and Tenchi was back to looking at Ryoko's face.
	Ryoko's eyes began to flutter, as she began to awaken.
	"Tenchi..." she said, as she sat up in the bed, looking at him. She looked
over to the side, to see Washu sitting there, also looking at her. 
	Her sleep induced haze was shattered by a blast of rage. "Washu!"
	She bolted up, but Tenchi put his hands on her shoulders.
	"It's alright, Ryoko. She's not doing anything. I was just talking to her."
	Ryoko looked back at Tenchi, and then over to Washu. Anger was quite
apparent all over her face.
	She blinked slowly, staring at Washu. "Get out."
	Washu sighed, and moved to leave, but Tenchi stopped her. 
	"Hold on, Ryoko. Washu just wants to ask you some questions." he said.
	Ryoko looked back over at Tenchi. "Are you taking *her* side, Tenchi?"
	Tenchi sighed. "Don't be silly, Ryoko. Washu just has some questions for
you. And you can't shut her out of your life forever, Ryoko."
	"Hmph. Yes I can." She huffed angrily.
	Tenchi sighed, and looked over at Washu, wordlessly gesturing to her now was
the time to ask her questions.
	Washu nodded. "Umm....Ryoko, have you been hearing voices at all?"
	Ryoko looked off to the side, refusing to acknowledge that Washu was even
there at all, and clearly said nothing.
	Washu sighed, and got up to leave.
	"Ryoko, come on. Tell her. It's important." Tenchi begged. 
	Ryoko turned to Tenchi. "Why should I?"
	"Because it concerns all three of us, Ryoko." he explained. 
	She looked at him puzzled. "How do you know that?"
	"Why don't you just let her ask you the questions, and then she can explain
it to you." he said gently, still holding her shoulders.
	She sighed. "Fine, but only because you asked me to."
	She turned to face Washu. "Yeah, I've heard some voices."
	Washu sat back down in her chair. "What did they say to you, exactly?"
	"I don't remember. It was when I was asleep." she said quickly.
	Washu scratched her head. "Then that makes all three of us."
	Tenchi turned to Washu. "So what do you make of it?"
	Washu shook her head. "I'm not really sure. But I'm going to find out."
	The thought of the specimen of her blood resounded back in her mind. An idea
occured.
	"I think I might be able to figure something out if you both give me a blood
sample."
	Ryoko grunted angrily. "No *way*."
	Tenchi looked at Washu. "Are you really sure that would help?"
	Washu nodded.
	Tenchi moved over, and sat on the bed next to Ryoko. He draped one arm over
her shoulders.
	"Come on, Ryoko. It'll be okay. I'll be there with you." Tenchi reassured her.
	Ryoko looked back at him. "Why are you *siding* with *her*, Tenchi?"
	Tenchi shook his head. "I'm not siding with her, Ryoko. I just want to know
what's going on, that's all. And Washu is the best person for that."
	Ryoko sighed. "FINE. But only if Tenchi is there. And...I'm not going into
your lab. *Understand*?" She snapped at Washu.
	Washu nodded. "Understood."
	She rose. "Well then...I'll go get some syringes. Then we'll figure out exactly
what's going on around here."


TO BE CONTINUED


Author's Notes: Hey there again. Hope you enjoyed that little chapter.
Once again, I'd really appreciate some C&C. Author's need it to survive!
So read this story, tell me what you thought! No sense in keeping it to
yourself! Again, I'd like to thank my prereaders. Couldn't have done it
without them and their suggestions. Finally, I really DO like comments, but
don't email me and say 'Ryoko sux, Aeka rules!'. I'm glad you feel that
way, but that really can't help increase my writing ability, now can it?
Later!

MUSIC:
	When Ryoko slaps Tenchi: "Scattered Rain", from 'Trigun'.
	When Tenchi and Ryoko admit their love: "Family Portrait", from 'Lain'.
	Washu's Mindtrip: "IXTL", from 'PatLabor 2'.
	Sumirei's speech: "Mullen", from 'Grandia'.
	Sumirei and Ashley: "In Memories - Kotowari", from 'Rurouni Kenshin'.
	In Tenchi's room: "Sound of Snow Falling", from 'Rurouni Kenshin'.



email: bhoffer7@home.com
The_Entry_Plug
