Note:   I don't own any of these characters (If I did, do you think I'd 
spend my time writing fanfics?  Hell no.  I'd spend all my time spending the 
profits I make from Tenchi Muyo merchandise.)  Anyway, Pioneer owns this 
all, so please don't sue me (Not that you'd get any money, I'm broke.)

Note:  this takes place in a modified Tenchi OAV Universe. (Yes, they're 
"modifications", not inconsistencies or plot holes heh heh.)

Summary of prologue-Ayeka discovered Tenchi had been having sex with Ryoko, 
and ran off into the night.


=====Jurai Blues  -  Part 1=====

=====Aboard a Jurain battle cruiser=====


	Captain Kai Sakuma stood aboard the bridge of the Jurain Battle cruiser 
Eternity, looking over data sheets.  The Eternity was currently assigned to 
border patrol, but because Jurai's border was protected by a large force 
field network, not much ever happened.  Some captain's were somewhat 
insulted by such a meaningless duty, but Kai wasn't.  The Eternity had until 
recently been assigned to patrol certain shipping lanes outside the Jurain 
empire, that were frequented by Jurain merchants, so Captain Sakuma and his 
crew were grateful for the time off.
Battleships were slightly different from the normal ships of Jurain royalty. 
  They still had the feeling of being alive that Jurain ships were famous 
for.  Like royal vessels, they were made of wood, although it's hull was 
coated with a stronger material then non-military Jurain ships.  They were 
still noticeably different than vessels of other races, especially inside.  
There were streams of water running along narrow channels through out the 
ship, which were actually sophisticated systems for transmitting data.  
There were plants and shrubs, but not as many as on royalty vessels.  Royal 
vessels had very little wooden flooring, instead going for soft grass.  By 
contrast much more of the ship was visivl wood, and it was more orderly than 
royal vessels.  While Royal vessels resembled a garden area with grass 
covered floors and a plant life, military vessels had wooden decks, and 
wooden operations stations, while the plants were more secondary.  Also, 
like Royal vessels, it's power came from a Jurai tree, but it was kept in a 
secure, armored area near the core of the ship, instead of out in the open.  
Still it was a beautiful vessel, and at over a kilometer long, its power was 
unequaled in the known galaxy.  It had been an uneventful couple of months, 
and Captain Sakuma had hoped it would stay that way.  But, this would be a 
boring story if it did.
" Excuse me, Captain Sakuma."  An officer motioned for the captain.   "  I 
have some unusual reading here."  Sakuma was a fairly young man.  He came 
from a long line of military officers, including two current generals and no 
less then six starship commanders, although since Jurai ships were so 
powerful, their captains need not be extremely competent.  Perhaps the one 
failing of the Jurai military, though Sakuma was above average mentally.  " 
What is it?"  He asked, putting down his data sheets.
"  Well, sir, its possible we may have been boarded by unknown forces."  The 
officer nervously said.  Sakuma's eyes narrowed and he stared at the 
officer.
"  What do you mean 'may have been'?  Either we have or we haven't.  Are 
there any other ships in the area?"
"  Um, no sir.  However we have detected two new people on board the 
Eternity, that weren't here before.  We've run the scan several times with 
the same results, and all diagnostics show sensors are working normally."
"  Only two.  Rather small boarding party."  Sakuma chuckled.  "  Probably 
just a sensor glitch.  Where are these boarders located?"
"  That's the other thing, sir.  They're in the Koyasu's chamber."  Sakuma 
froze  for a moment.   Koyasu was his Jurai tree, and the power source for 
the ship.  If something happened to it, they'd be helpless.  But, he 
realized, if no alarm had sounded, they were okay.  Unless someone had found 
a way to disable a Jurai tree, but that was impossible
"  I'll go check it out myself.  If Koyasu hasn't sounded an alarm, then we 
shouldn't be in any danger.  Tell commander Kassa she's in charge until I 
get back."   He started for the bridge elevator.  Then looked back for a 
second.  "  But order a security team to meet me there half way, just in 
case."

	" But Ayeka, why did we have to leave so quickly.  I didn't even get to say 
good-bye to Tenchi."  Sasami said.  She put the bag she was carrying down at 
her feet, on one of the stepping-stones in the small indoor lake, then 
quickly turned and bowed to the Jurai tree in thanks.  She and her older 
sister had appeared in a large area chamber a Jurai tree.  The place was 
well lit, and the floor was mostly water, with a small walkway of stepping 
stones connecting the door to the trees soil base, with a small walkway, 
along with small benches near the base of the tree.  Ayeka thought it looked 
similar to the area Washu had given her to hold her Ryu-oh, and she mentally 
kicked herself, thinking she'd have to go back and get her tree from Washu.
	"  We left because- because ..." Ayeka closed her eyes, still wet from 
tears.  She had changed into her purple kimono, but hadn't had time to 
shower or bathe, so mud still stained her shoes, parts of her hands and 
hair.  "  Because Tenchi didn't need us there anymore."  She started for the 
door.  " Azaka, Kamidake, come."  Her Jurain guardians carried the rest of 
the bags in a force field, started following her.  Sasami too, shrugged and 
started following her.
	"  Ayeka, why did you want me to ask Tsunami to transport us to a Jurai 
ship, instead of just back to Jurai."  Sasami said.
	"   Sasami, I... I just need some time alone.  I don't need a dozens of 
Jurain noble's just popping in say welcome back."  Ayeka said.  She sat down 
softly on the bench by the door.  Sasami rushed over and sat by her sister.  
It hurt her to see Ayeka in so much pain.  She'd come crying into their room 
last night, talking incoherently about something or another, while changing 
clothes and packing up at the same time.  Sasami hadn't really wanted to 
leave, but Ayeka had asked her to have Tsunami transport them to a Jurai 
ship, first pleading then she had started to sound angry.  Sasami had just 
given up, and asked Tsunami to do it. The goddess of Jurai had done it, but 
Sasami had gotten the sense that Tsunami hadn't been happy about doing it.
	"  We could have at least stayed till morning.  We didn't even tell anyone 
we were going.  I don't want them worrying about us." Sasami looked at her 
older sister, but she did not look back.
	"  They'll know why we left."  She said spitefully.  The tears had stopped 
now, but he cheeks were still very puffed.
	" I'm sorry about Tenchi."  Sasami said.  Ayeka suddenly tensed up.  Her 
head whipped around and she stared intently at Sasami, her hands clenched.
	"  Did you know what was going on?"  She demanded.
	"  No, but there wasn't much else it could be."  Sasami replied.  Ayeka 
relaxed a bit, a nodded weakly in agreement, then let her head drop as she 
stared at the floor and her eyes lost focus.  They sat in silence for the 
next several minutes.  Neither saying a word, until the door to the chamber 
slid open.  A man wearing a Jurain military officers uniform, with captains 
markings, walked in along with several guards.  He looked around and saw the 
girls.
	"  Well, we do have guests."  The man said quietly.  He looked a little 
confused.  Obviously he hadn't expected two young girls to be the boarders.  
"  I'm Kai Sakuma, the captain of this ship.  Would either of you like to 
explain how you got on board, and what exactly you want here?" Ayeka just 
sighed softly and didn't even look up at the man, so Sasami realized she had 
to do the talking.
	"  Hello.  I'm Sasami Jurai.   This is Ayeka Jurai, my sister and the crown 
princess. And they are" She pointed to her guardians " Azaka and Kamidake, 
our guardians.  We were hoping you could take us back to planet Jurai."  
This clearly took the man by surprise, as his jaw dropped for a moment.  He 
recovered quickly though.
	"  Certainly your highness, I suppose we can."  He motioned towards for the 
guards to take their baggage.  "  You realize before we can do anything 
though, we have to confirm your identity."
	"  Of course."  This time it was Ayeka who spoke.  She didn't look up, just 
said it quietly.  "  But would you please give us a moment."  The captain 
nodded, and they left.  Apparently he was convinced enough that they were 
who they claimed, either by the tree's calmness or the appearance of royal 
guardians, that he would risk leaving them alone with his tree.
	" Sasami."
	" Yes Ayeka?"
	"  I won't make you go back with me if you don't want to.  Tsunami can take 
you back to Earth."  Sasami thought for a moment.  She could go back to 
Earth, but that would mean leaving her sister alone, and she didn't want to 
do that.  If she stayed, she could help Ayeka, but there would be no one to 
cook and she'd miss Tenchi.
	"  I'll stay, sister."  Ayeka smiled weakly at this, for the first time in 
a while, and hugged Sasami.  'Tenchi will survive.' She thought.
	"  Thank you Sasami."


=====Masaki residence, the next morning=====

	Tenchi yawned and stretched his arms as he got out of bed.  He couldn't 
quite shake the feeling that something was wrong.  The feeling stayed with 
him as he got dressed, and as he went to the bathroom.  The feeling was just 
starting to get to him when he started downstairs for breakfast.
	" Good morning, Tenchi."  Ryoko purred. That was it.  Ryoko hadn't been 
hovering over him as he woke up.  And Ayeka was no where to be seen.  That 
was a first.
	"  Good morning Ryoko."  Ryoko sat was stretched out on the couch in her 
blue and yellow striped dress, smiling broadly, hands folded over her 
stomach. Washu sat by the window clicking away at her computer screen.  
Mihoshi was still probably still asleep.  "  What do you look so happy 
about?"
	"  Oh nothing, Tenchi."  She teleported off the couch and re-appeared 
behind him with her arms around his chest.  " I was just thinking about you 
and me."  Washu did her best to ignore them, despite Tenchi's pleading 
looks.  Tenchi slipped out of her hold, easily done after so much practice.  
He hurried down the stairs, trying to escape Ryoko, and was pleasantly 
surprised when she didn't pursue, just teleported back to the couch and 
watched him.  'Maybe she's finally learned the concept of personal space.'  
He thought.  ' Yeah right, I wish.'  He walked down to the table, which was 
strangely empty.
	"  What time did Sasami say breakfast would be ready?"  Tenchi asked.
	"  Actually, I don't think she's up yet.  I haven't seen her, or Princess 
Ayeka all morning." Washu said, not looking up from her computer.
	"  Well I guess she's earned some vacation time."  Tenchi chuckled.  " But 
this isn't like her.  I'm going to make sure she's ok."  He went back 
upstairs, and knocked on the princesses room.   There was no answer.
	"  Princess Ayeka, Sasami, are you awake?"  Tenchi said.  Still no answer.  
"  I'm going to open to door now, so please cover up if your indecent.  He 
opened the door, and sweat dropped as he saw nothing was there.  " Whaaa?"  
He went in, but aside from a few little things and their bedmats, everything 
was gone.  All their boxes were gone, and the closet was empty.
	"  Oh no!  Princess Ayeka and Princess Sasami have been kidnapped!"  Tenchi 
turned around to see Mihoshi standing in the open doorway.
	"  They haven't been kidnapped."  Tenchi said.  "  I'm sure there's a 
perfectly reasonable explanation for why they packed up and left... in the 
night... without telling anyone."  Tenchi started sounding unconvinced 
towards the end.  Ryoko teleported up behind them.
	"  Uh-oh."  She whispered.
	"  Do you know something about this, Ryoko?"  Ryoko's sweatdrops.
	"  Why no Tenchi.  I was just thinking that with Sasami gone, there's no 
one to cook."  'Damn Ayeka.  I never thought she'd take it like this.'  
Ryoko thought.
	"  Ryoko, I think there are more important things."  Tenchi pushed past the 
girls crowding the door.  " Lttle Washu?"  He went downstairs, and to Washu.
	"  Well Good morning Tenchi."  Washu said.  She wore her old science 
academy uniform, as usual.  "  Did you want something from me?"  She smiled 
broadly, and it made Tenchi nervous.  Though that wasn't hard to do.
	"  Um, Little Washu?  Do you know what happened to Ayeka and Sasami?"  
Tenchi smiled nervously at Washu.
	"  Did something happen to them?  I'll have to check my logs, but I don't 
think anything unusual has happened recently.  Why?  What happened to them?"
	"  They seem to have packed up and left."
	"  Hmmmm.   That is odd."  Washu went into thinking mode.  "  Anyone see 
anything suspicious?  Mihoshi? Ryoko?"  She put extra stress on Ryoko, who 
merely scowled.
	"  No one knows anything."  Tenchi said.
	"  This is a mystery.  Well, I guess the only thing we can do is..."  Washu 
paused for effect, and glanced unnoticeably at Ryoko.  "  Not worry about 
it.  It'll solve itself."  Face fault all.
	"  Isn't there something else we can do, Washu?"
	"  We could go down to my lab and play doctor."  Washu said.  Tenchi sweat 
dropped, and mentally wondered how he had this much sweat.
	"  MOM!"  Ryoko shouted.  She teleported down and wrapped herself around 
Tenchi.  "  Tenchi's mine."
	"  Oh by the way little Ryoko.  Can I have it back?"  Washu held out her 
hand, as if expecting something.  Ryoko looked guiltily at Washu.
	"  Why Washu, can you have what back?"
	"  The item that according to my security camera's you stole last night 
from my lab."  Ryoko feigned ignorance.
	" What do you mean Washu?  I didn't..."  She looked around and it was 
obvious no one believed her.  "Fine." She gave up and reached down her dress 
with one arm, holding Tenchi close with the other and pulled it out from 
down her dress and between her cleavage, then handed it to Washu.
	"  Have to wash this first."  Washu murmured.  Ryoko scowled at her again.  
Washu examined the device for a moment.  It was made of a green, 
semi-transparent crystal, but no obvious controls.  Mihoshi, who was 
standing on the walkway above, caught sight of it and was immediately 
intrigued.
	"  Oooh.  That looks pretty.  What is it Washu?"  Ryoko let loose a blast 
that destroyed the couch across the room from her with a loud boom.  It 
erupted in flames, and burning pieces were sent flying across the room.
	"  AHHH!  Ryoko!  Why did you do that?"  Tenchi shouted in disbelief.  He 
ran over and picked up some of the couch's charred remains.
	"  Sorry Tenchi.  I though I saw a fly."
	"  So you tried to blow it up?  Isn't that a little much!"  He said, 
dropping the burnt pieces of furniture.  He tried to rub the ashes off on 
his pants, but they clung to his skin.  "  I thought I told you and Ayeka no 
more laser blasts in the house."
	"  Don't worry, Lord Tenchi."  Washu said.  "  I apologize for my daughters 
lack of restraint, and will be happy to build you a new one."
	"  Thank you, little Washu.  Sometimes it seems like you and me are the 
only sane ones in the house."
	"  Now lets see what Ryoko's trying to hide!"  Washu shouted, thrusting the 
device above her head dramatically.
	"  Wha... what makes you think I have anything to hide?"  Ryoko nervously 
asked, eyeing the device as if it were a bomb.
	"   Your spectacular yet ultimately ineffective attempt to change the 
subject, Ryoko. This is my newest invention."  Washu said, bringing it down 
and started to work the controls.  "  It's a sophisticated holographic 
display device with a simplified voice command system and hyper advanced 
artificial intelligence unit."
	Mihoshi stared at her with a glossed over look, and Washu, anticipating the 
question replied before it ever left her mouth.
	"  It's a thing that can not only create lifelike holograms of people or 
things, but make them act like them too.  And it's controlled by voice, so 
you only need to say to say what you want it to create."
	But what did Ryoko want it for?"  Kiyone asked.  Ryoko gave her a cold 
stare. 'Damn, this is not good.  If Tenchi sees that, he's going to figure 
out why Ayeka left. Don't turn it on, Don't turn it on.'  She mentally 
chanted, and tried to think of a way to snatch it without looking to guilty.
	' I think Tenchi deserves to see what's on this.'  Washu sent back 
telepathically, looking sympatectically at her daughter.  "  Replay memory." 
  A beam of light swept out of the end of the device, and stopped at about 
six feet from it.  It formed itself into Tenchi, wearing black pants, and a 
white shirt, like he might wear to school.
	"  This is perfect."  Ryoko's voice said.
	"  Oh, it also records all local sound after it's activated."  Washu added. 
  Ryoko paled.
	"  What is, Ryoko?"  The Tenchi-hologram said.  It looked off to the side, 
and then turned as if to look at someone.
	"  Damn, this thing is good."  Ryoko's voice said.  "  Freeze."  The 
hologram paused.  "  Lets see.  Take the shirt off, and make it so were 
about to make love."  Its shirt disappeared.  " Now once Ryo-ohki gets here, 
were all set."  The hologram shimmered and disappeared, but reappeared a 
moment later.  Tenchi's hands clenched as he started to figure out just what 
had happened the night before.
	"  All right start again."  Ryoko's voice said, with a little chuckle added 
after.  "This is going to be great."
	"  Ryoko, I've always had these feelings for you."  The Tenchi-gram took 
several steps towards where Ryoko must have been when it was recorded.  
There was a sound as leaves crunched off screen.
	" Lo-lo-lord Tenchi what is going on here!?!"
"  I-Well, Ayeka.  Ryoko and I... We came out here too..."
"  Lord Tenchi YOU CAN'T MEAN!  That-that you and that monster woman 
are...?"
"  Ayeka, I'm sorry you had to find out this way.  I know I should have told 
you sooner but... I"  The Tenchi-gram paused for a moment, then looked away.
"  Stop hologram."  Ryoko's voice said, and she burst out laughing.  "  That 
was perfect.  I wish I had a camera, I'd love to be able to see her face 
forever.  She'll be pissed when she finds out tomorrow, and Tenchi might be 
too but it was worth it."  More laughs then it turned off.
"  Tenchi, I never thought Ayeka would..."  Ryoko began, in soft apologetic 
tones.
"  Shut up Ryoko."  Tenchi said.  His knuckles were white, and his face 
burned red.  He never even looked at her, just walked off.
Fifteen minutes later, a large tree in the forest by the Masaki shrine was 
shattered by a tremendously powerful blow from a bokuto.



"Thanks a lot, Mom."  Ryoko shouted.  She stared coldly at Washu, arms 
crossed, hands clenched.
"  What does it matter Ryoko?  Tenchi would have found out anyway."  Washu 
countered.
"  No, he wouldn't have!  The only evidence that I did it was in that 
thing."  She motioned towards the holo-projector.  "  How else would he have 
found out?"
"  I would have told him.  Or Ayeka would have, when she got back."
"  Oh wow.  So Tenchi loves Ryoko now?"  Mihoshi said.  Washu glanced at 
Mihoshi, and rolled her eyes.  She wanted to say something like 'Your never 
going to get much smarter, are you.' But contained herself.  Mihoshi would 
just start crying uncontrollably for a few hours, complicating all their 
lives.
	" I'm sorry to interrupt," It was Yosho.  Everyone jumped because no one 
heard him come in. "But why is Tenchi destroying the forest?" He said 
impassively, with his arms behind his back.  He wore his usual dress of a 
white shirt with light blue pants.
	"  Ayeka found out Ryoko and Tenchi were in love and I guess she was upset 
and now they've both disappeared and...."  Mihoshi was silenced by Ryoko's 
hand over her mouth.
	"  Ryoko tricked Ayeka into thinking that she and Tenchi were having sex 
and that he loved her last night, and now Ayeka and Sasami are missing."  
Washu calmly replied.  Mihoshi muffled something, then a moment later 
reached up and yanked Ryoko's hand from her mouth.
	"  You pressed to hard Ryoko.  I couldn't breathe."  She said, while 
gasping for air.
	"  Sorry Mihoshi, that wasn't the plan."  Ryoko unconvincingly replied.
	"  Hmmm.  That is a problem."  Yosho said, eyes slowly going to Ryoko.
	"  How was I supposed to know she'd freak out like that."  Ryoko 'humph' 
and crossed her arms.  "  It's not like it's my fault.  If you ask me she's 
the one who should..." *WAK* a small fan smacked Ryoko in the forehead.
	"  Yeah well no one did."  Washu said.  Ryoko rubbed her forehead.  
Katsuhito seemed to pause for a moment.  He raised his hand and adjusted his 
glasses.
	"  I'm sure Ayeka will be ok."  Katsuhito said.  "  She is a princess of 
Jurai, and she can take care of herself.  And Sasami has Tsunami to protect 
her."
	"  See, like I said, there's nothing to worry about.  At least someone's on 
my side."  Ryoko said.  "  I'm going to go find Tenchi."  And hurriedly 
teleported off.


	Ryoko found Tenchi outside the cave, of all places.   He was sitting on a 
stone near the entrance, his bokuto across his lap, and his chin in his 
hands.  He was staring off into the forext.  Ryoko teleported to the top of 
the cave, and stared down at him.  So far, he hadn't seen her.  She sat and 
watched him for a few moments, like she had so many times before Tenchi had 
freed her.  Tenchi just sat there, quietly.  Ryoko sighed.  She hated seeing 
him in pain.  Silently, she floated down behind Tenchi, then grabbed him in 
a hug.
	"  Hey Tenchi!"  She purred, gently caressing his chest.  Shocked, he 
immediately pushed her away with force that surprised her.  Seeing it was 
just Ryoko, he turned his back on her on started walking off.
	"  Go away, Ryoko."  He said quietly.  ' Least he's not angry anymore.'  
Ryoko thought.  She floated after Tenchi.
	"  I'm sorry Tenchi.  I didn't know Ayeka would freak out like that."  She 
purred softly in his ear.  He shrugged her off coldly, and kept walking.  "  
I'm sure she's gonna be back.  I mean she wouldn't do anything drastic like 
jumping off a bridge or anythig."  Ryoko halted in mid-air.  'Well it was 
Ayeka... naw, she wouldn't.'  She thought.
	"  You just don't get it, Ryoko."  Tenchi replied, without looking back.


	Dinner with the Masaki's was far from normal that night.  Since Sasami and 
Ayeka hadn't returned, the only choices they'd had was to let Ryoko cook, as 
she had cheerfully volunteered to Tenchi, or eat out.  They wisely choose to 
eat out.   Mihoshi knew of a decent Chinese restaurant she often went too 
during patrols.  Tenchi didn't ask why she was on Earth during her patrols 
of the solar system.  No one talked that much.  Several times Noboyuki or 
Washu had attempted to start a conversation, but their attempts always 
crashed and burned when Ryoko said anything.  Tenchi would always make some 
retort, even though Yosho had scolded him several times for it, and had 
started an argument with her.   So aside from Mihoshi's occasional outburst 
over some trivial thing, it was pretty quiet.
	Ryoko just felt like crap.  She sighed as she thought back on the night.  
She'd watched Tenchi all evening, though he'd been avoiding her gaze.  
Instead his eyes were always watching his surroundings.  Ryoko could guess 
why.  He was looking for Ayeka.  He must have thought that Ayeka had packed 
up and left his house.  She'd tried to tell him that Tsunami transported 
them away.  Ryo-oh-ki saw the whole thing, so she knew it too.  But Tenchi 
wouldn't even let her talk to him.  He just shrugged her away or told her to 
"Be quiet."
	As everyone finished and they left the restaurant, Ryoko tried a last ditch 
effort.  As Tenchi used his father's keys to unlock the car and sat down, 
she teleported onto his lap, grasped his face, and kissed him deeply.
	" Tenchi, I really am sorry about Ayeka.  If I could do it over again, I 
wouldn't do it all."  She whispered quietly in his ear. 'Probably' she added 
mentally.  Tenchi for his part was getting angrier by the minute, and was 
turning bright red.  Outside the car, Washu smacked her head, wondering how 
stupid Ryoko could be, while Mihoshi just looked concerned.  For a moment, 
Tenchi at first did nothing, then he put his hand back and slapped Ryoko 
hard across the face.  Ryoko was stunned.  Tears started streaming down her 
face and she teleported away.
	"  Ummm... Tenchi?"  Mihoshi said.
	"  Yes Mihoshi?"  Tenchi said, still rather angry.
	"  Wasn't that kind of harsh, just now?"
	"  No."  He said politely.
	"  Okay."  Mihoshi said, not really convinced, but not wanting to press the 
subject.  Noboyuki came out from the restaurant after settling the bill.  He 
looked around a moment trying to figure out who was missing.
	"  Hey Tenchi, Where's Ryoko?"
	"  She went back by herself."  Which was true, in a way.  Yosho gave Tenchi 
a suspicious glance but let it drop.
	"  I got shotgun!"  Mihoshi shouted, and for once seemed like normal.  
Everyone piled into the car, and Tenchi handed the keys back to Noboyuki.  
Washu and Yosho choose a seat in the back, leaving Tenchi alone.  He just 
stared out the window.
	"  Oh wait! We have to go back!  We forgot something very important!"  
Mihoshi shouted abruptly as the van started.  Calmly, Washu reached into her 
pocket and handed a fortune cookie to Mihoshi.
	"  No, we didn't."  Washu said.  Mihoshi gleefully ripped it open to get to 
the fortune.  Pulling it out, she read.
	"  'Never act in anger.  Take time to calm down.' What kind of fortune is 
that?"
	"  A vague and meaningless one."  Noboyuki replied.
	"  Never mock the cookie!"  was the reply from the backseat from both Washu 
and Yosho.  Tenchi looked backwards incredulously.
	"  You can't tell me you actually believe..."  Noboyuki was abruptly cut 
off.
	"  STOP THE CAR!"  Tenchi screamed.  Noboyuki slammed the breaks and Tenchi 
immediate threw open the door and dashed out.  " AYEKA!"
	Everyone else looked towards the young woman Tenchi was running towards.  
It looked a little like Ayeka, but it was late and too dark to see well.  
She had long hair that looked vaguely purplish in the dim streetlight.  
Tenchi darted to her, still shouting Ayeka.  She turned around and it was 
clear that she wasn't the missing Jurain princess.  Tenchi apologized 
profusely for the mistake, and walked slowly back towards the car.
	"  Poor Tenchi."  Washu murmured.




Part 1 is up.  Enjoy, and feel free to R&R, but please be constructive, 
don't just say " You suck."
