Note:   I don't own any of these characters (If I did, do you think I'd 
spend my time writing fanfics?  Hell no.  I'd spend all my time spending the 
profits I make from Tenchi Muyo merchandise.)  Anyway, Pioneer owns this 
all, so please don't sue me (Not that you'd get any money, I'm broke.)

Tenchi Muyo is copyrighted (c) 1992-2001 AIC * Pioneer LDC.

Note:  this takes place in a modified Tenchi OAV Universe. (Yes, they're 
"modifications", not inconsistencies or plot holes heh heh.)   Basically, 
everything that happened in the OAV happened here, but there are several 
differences, Kiyone being around one of the largest.

=====Jurai Blues  -  prologue=====
By Confucious Says (Or James Kane, if you prefer)

=====Masaki residence, sometime after midnight=====

       It was a quiet night at the Masaki household.  A slight wind was 
blowing, rustling the leaves of the trees like a baby's rattle.  The First 
princess of the planet Jurai, Ayeka, was dressed in a light jacket to cover 
her nightgown.  She walked slowly along the edge of the lake, looking out 
over its glossy surface.  'It's nice to be able to relax' she thought to 
herself, 'without that monster woman around to cause trouble.  I've 
forgotten just how lovely it is out here.'  She knelt down to examine a 
small flower by the edge of the lake.  She had woken up earlier that night 
because of a noise, and since it had appeared no one else had woken up, and 
she hadn't wanted to wake up Lord Tenchi for such a simple thing, she'd been 
left alone to investigate.  She was a princess of Jurai, and she could 
handle a simple thief, if that was what it had been.  She hadn't found much 
to explain it, though, and had written it off as unimportant.  But after 
about half an hour of tossing and turning on her mat, and to avoid waking up 
Sasami, she got up, took one of Tenchi's jackets out of the closet and went 
for a moon-lit walk.
        She walked back to the house and sat on the porch, her eyes moving 
towards the sky.  She strained to find the star she had grown up under.  She 
knew she couldn't see it.  It was to far away, but she saw other stars she 
knew.  A planet she'd visited as a child.  Another one she'd learned from 
her teacher.
        "  Why do I stay here?"  She thought aloud.  There must be a hundred 
courtiers back on planet Jurai.  And not all of them were as strange as that 
Seiryo man.  She wouldn't mind being back with her parents.  Her father was 
normally a kind man, and only seemed to get angry when Tenchi or Yosho was 
around.  Even her mother Misaki, though she could be trying at times, would 
be great to have around.  And she definitely wouldn't mind the servants 
waiting on her hand and foot.  But still...
	Her eyes drifted from the stars to Tenchi's room.  "Tenchi........." she 
whispered.  A warm feeling swept over her, like every other time she said 
it.  Or at least, she admitted to herself, whenever she said it having 
nothing to do with Ryoko.  'If it weren't for that mummy woman', she thought 
' Tenchi and I would probably already be married by now.  That hag ruins 
everything.'  She sighed and closed her eyes.  'It didn't matter anyway, 
true love always wins in the en....'
	THUDD!
	She was startled by a loud noise to her side.  It sounded like something 
small smacking into a window.  It took her only a moment to realize what 
exactly it was.  A moment later, Ryo-oh-ki teleported through the window and 
started hopping towards the forest.  'Now that's odd' Ayeka wondered.  ' 
What would Ryo-Ohki be doing up this late?'  The cabbit usually didn't stray 
too far from Sasami.  "Probably just to get some carrots" she said to 
herself.  That seemed to answer the question, and she quietly resumed her 
stargazing.  Until a moment later the thought occurred to her, the carrots 
fields are in the other direction.  The only reason she might be out here 
was Ryoko, because Sasami certainly couldn't have gotten out without Ayeka 
seeing her.  Curious, Ayeka stood up and walked towards where Ryo-Ohki had 
gone into the woods.
      There wasn't any real path through the woods, so Ayeka had to make her 
own way.  After several minutes of searching, she began to lose hope.  She 
wasn't a tracker, and she certainly coulnd't find such a small animal 
without help.  She was just about to give up when she stepped on something 
soft, lost her balance, and fell into a mud puddle, sending mud everywhere.  
There was also a loud cry and the sound of a small animal scurrying away.  
Ayeka looked up from the mud puddle to where the animal had run, and saw 
Ryo-Ohki staring back at her.
     "Miya?"  The cabbit questioned.  Ayeka stood up and tried to wipe the 
mud off, but gave up after a few moments, realizing her nightgown would need 
a serious washing before it was clean again.  She looked back at Ryo-Ohki.
"  I'm sorry Ryo-Ohki.  I didn't see you there.  I followed you into the 
forest because I was worried something might be wrong."  The cabbit accepted 
Ayeka's response, smiled, and hopped over to Ayeka.  Ayeka knelt down and 
petted Ryo-Ohki, stroking her soft fur.
"  What are you doing out here, Ryo-Ohki?  It's very late."  The cabbit 
miya'd and nodded in a direction deeper into the forest.
"  Oh, is there something deeper in the forest?"  The cabbit nodded.  "  
Let's go then."  She picked up the cabbit, and continued on deeper in the 
woods.
	"  This isn't something dangerous, is it?"  Ayeka asked.
      "  Miya miya."  The cabbit replied a negative miya.  Ayeka stroked 
Ryo-oh-ki again, and looked deeper into the woods.  Ahead was a small 
clearing.  'That must be where Ryo-oh-ki was headed'.  Ayeka thought.  As 
she looked closer, she saw human looking shapes moving against the 
moonlight.  Someone else was awake, but who?  Ayeka looked down at Ryo-Ohki. 
  'If Ryo-ohki was headed out here, then it's either Sasami or that monster 
woman.  And if Sasami had come out, then Ryo-ohki probably would have come 
with her instead of staying behind to follow later.' Ayeka thought.  Still, 
it was best to know when Ryoko was up to something.  She continued forward, 
planning on confronting Ryoko on whatever she was doing, but stopped 
suddenly at the edge of the clearing.  In the middle of the clearing, Tenchi 
stood with his back to her.  He was dressed in black pants but had no shirt 
on.  Confused, she called out to him
      " Lo..."  She said, but the words froze in her throat when she 
realized they weren't alone.  At the other end of the clearing, Ryoko sat 
kneeling on the ground, without a shred of clothing on, and Tenchi was 
looking at her, in almost a hungry way.  Shocked, she went limp, fell to her 
knees and dropped Ryo-Ohki.  The cabbit dropped on some dead leaves, which 
cracked as the cabbit landed on them.  Startled, Tenchi spun around and 
looked at Ayeka.  Ryoko looked over with a smirk on her face.
      " Lo-lo-lord Tenchi what is going on here!?!" Ayeka stuttered.  Tenchi 
blushed severely.
      "  I-Well, Ayeka.  Ryoko and I... We came out here too..."  Tenchi 
stuttered, but couldn't find the words
"  Lord Tenchi YOU CAN'T MEAN!"  She gasped and looked to Ryoko.  " 
That-that you and that monster woman are...?"  Tears began to fill her eyes, 
but before they got too full, she saw Ryoko give a smile that Ayeka could 
read perfectly.  It said 'I won, Princess'.
      "  Ayeka, I'm sorry you had to find out this way.  I know I should 
have told you sooner but... I" Tenchi said, but before he could finish Ayeka 
was too her feet and running into the darkness.


There it is, my first Fic.  Please Read and review, but constructive 
criticism only.  Messages saying "You suck, stop writing" will be ignored.  
E-mail is confuciousays@hotmail.com.

