Note:   I don't own any of these characters (If I did, do you think I'd
spend my time writing fanfics?  Hell no.  I'd spend all my time spending the 
profits I make from Tenchi Muyo merchandise.)  Anyway, Pioneer owns this 
all, so please don't sue me (Not that you'd get any money, I'm broke.)

Note:  this takes place in a modified Tenchi OAV Universe. (Yes, they're
"modifications", not inconsistencies or plot holes heh heh.)   Basically, 
everything that happened in the OAV happened here, but there are several 
differences.  Also, I've decided to borrow a page out of the book of Alfred 
Hitchcock.  No, I'm not going to write intelligent and thrilling mysteries.  
Rather, I will cameo in all my fics from now on.  They won't become 
self-insertion fics.  Rather, I'll just have a line or two.


Authors note #3!!!!!:  Just to get your attention.  Now that this story is 
drawing to a close (it only has one part left, two if I can think of a lot 
of things to do) so my mind begins to think towards my next story.  I've 
already got several ideas, but I want some input from my readers on what you 
want me to do next.  Here are my ideas...  If you don't want to read them, 
just skip to the *****.

Fatal Fury/Tenchi X-over:  I've recently become a very big fan of this 
fighting game series.  It's like street fighter, but the story is much 
deeper.  (Don't believe me? go here: 
http://www.gamefaqs.com/coinop/arcade/game/3757.html and check out the story 
faq.  Street fighter couldn't pull off a 387kb story FAQ.)  So far, my idea 
is for the main FF characters to go off world for a fighting tournament, and 
uncover a conspiracy to overthrow Jurai.  This will have more action than 
this story, but I'm going to make sure it has story too, not just mindless 
fighting.  I will also try and make it lighter, and funnier.  Characters I 
know will be in it are: Terry, Andy, Mai, Mary, Rock Howard, Joe, Wolfgang 
Krauser, Kain R. Heinlen, Billy Kane, and B. Jenet.  I'm thinking about 
adding Kim, Xiangfei, or maybe someone else if I can figure out a way to do 
it.  Many more will make cameos.

Ah! My goddess/Tenchi X-over:  The AMG and Tenchi gang get caught up in a 
war between the goddess Tokimi and Yggdrasil.  Like my FF/TM idea, this will 
be a lot lighter, but will also have its serious moments.  It won't have as 
much action, but it will have more story.  A lot of things will happen 
between the AMG gang meeting the TM gang, including battling Super-Mara and 
drinking love potion spiked punch, before the Tokimi-Yggdrasil conflict.

I also have some ideas for non x-overs.  I'm more excited about my X's, but 
I know these could work out well too.

Future setting (not the title):  Set a few hundred years after OAV 13, 
Tenchi and Ayeka are married (notice I didn't say 'blissfully' married) and 
living on Jurai when Tenchi finds out someone is trying to murder Ryoko.  
Tenchi leaves to help Ryoko, while Ayeka leaves the royal family.  This 
would be a lot like this fic, only WITH Ryoko and Ayeka (I've learned that 
lesson!).  It will be very thoughtful, and story based, but with a bit less 
angst.  I probably won't do this for a while unless I get a huge demand.

Ryoko's child (not title):  I read a fanfic, I forget who's, a while back 
that was about Ryoko's unusual physiology causing her to get pregnant by one 
of the Tenchi gang without having sex with them.  It ended after revealing 
Ayeka is the 'father'.  I plan on building on this and showing how they 
start to adjust to the situation and eventually make peace with each other 
due to the child.  This will be a bit lighter, but more like this fic then 
the Ah! My goddess one would be.


*****

And now, onto the fic.  (Btw: About the title, think of a painting by 
Salvador Dali)



Jurai Blues Part 4:  Persistence of Memory
By James Kane (Or Confucioussays, if you prefer)





===== Tenchi's House, Earth, Friday =====




	The front door clicked open and a young man darted through.
"  I'm	home."  Tenchi said, slamming the door shut.  With a flick of his 
wrist his bag flew towards the couch in the living room.  Tenchi ran 
straight to Washu's lab and threw the door open.  As usual, a black field 
was revealed as the door opened.  "  Any word yet?"  He shouted through the 
door.  After a few seconds of silence, he poked his head through the black 
wall that Tenchi knew connected Tenchi's home to Washu's lab.
	" It's only been one day, Tenchi."  Said Washu, as she left the kitchen.  
She was kettle and a cup, and wore an expression of unconcern.  "  Not even 
Jurai can contact each and everyone of its ships in just one day."  She said 
as she walked towards the couches.
"  You really must learn some patience, Lord Tenchi."  Said a new voice.  It 
was calm and controlled.  The quiet strength spoke volumes about its owner.  
Tenchi scrambled into a quick bow.
" Lady Funaho!  Excuse me, you're highness, I didn't see you there."  The 
queen of Jurai was sitting on the couch, looking slightly flustered.  Her 
long hair lay covering her soft robes of blue and silver.  She held a cup of 
tea in one hand, with the other laying gently in her lap, holding a familiar 
brown object.
"  Your aim would suggest otherwise, Tenchi."  She said, with a gentle 
smirk, placing the bag on the table, and Tenchi noticed for the first time 
she had a small bump on her forehead.  Tenchi felt his face catch fire as he 
realized he had hit her with his bag as he threw it.  " Don't worry about 
it, Lord Tenchi.  I'm made of tougher stuff than that to get hit by a tiny 
little bag.  Come, sit down."  She smiled and motioned for him to sit down 
next to her.
"  But I had four classes worth of books in that bag..."  He mumbled, 
staring at his great-grandmother.
"   I was just explaining to Lady Funaho what happened in a little more 
detail."  Said Washu, as she plopped down on the chair.  She gently poured 
herself some tea, and took a sip.  "  It turns out she knew about Sasami and 
Tsunami for a while now."
"  Yes, you can imagine my surprise when, walking peacefully through the 
royal gardens with Azusa," She said quite conversationally.  She swept open 
her arms as if to give an impression of great size as she talked about the 
gardens.  "  When we bump into Tsunami, the Goddess of Jurai.  Now, it's not 
unknown for Tsunami to show herself to the emperor, but she hasn't done it 
for twelve hundred years, when..."  Tenchi found himself staring at Lady 
Funaho.  He had to remind himself that she was not related to Ayeka at all 
by blood, only marriage.  They looked so much alike.  ' It's the hair.  The 
hair and the way they act.  You can tell they're both royalty.' He thought 
to himself.
"... Misaki especially didn't quite grasp what she meant.  She thought 
Sasami really was dead."  She shook her head in annoyance as the memory the 
frantic Misaki came back to her, and even that looked cute.  "  It took some 
time to really explain what happened.  Though now she seems quite happy to 
know Sasami will live forever as the goddess of Jurai."
"  I can imagine."  Washu smiled at Funaho and took a sip of tea.  "  How 
was your day, Lord Tenchi?"  She inquired.  Tenchi shifted uncomfortably as 
he became the center of attention.
"  Well it's school."  Tenchi said.  "  Nothing too exciting ever happens at 
school."  He said, and then flinched as he remembered his first meeting with 
the rejuvenated Ryoko.  '  I haven't thought about that in the longest 
time.'  He brushed the thought away.
"  Would you tell me about what you learn in these Earth schools?"  Funaho 
said, with a charming smile.
"  Learn?"  Tenchi repeated.  His mind went back to what had happened today, 
and as usual found himself blanking.  He hadn't paid much attention today.  
"  Well, we learn about lots of things.  History, foreign languages, 
mathematics, sciences.  We try to learn a little bit of everything here on 
Earth, at least in the beginning.  I don't know how it is on planet Jurai."
"  Sounds wonderful.  We try and do the same things on Jurai."
"  So we really don't know anything about where Ayeka might be?"  Tenchi 
asked.  Lady Funaho smiled a bit patronizingly.
"  My my, right to the point, aren't we."  She chuckled.  "  We don't know 
where she and Sasami might be, but we know some places they're not.  They 
couldn't have gone to any Jurai controlled planets, because our intelligence 
operatives would have reported it almost immediately.  And we also know that 
she must have gone somewhere with a Jurai tree, so that limits it to ships 
and a few facilities.  Since civilian Jurai ships are powered by a fusion 
reactor, the only place she could be is on a military ship."  She paused to 
take a sip of tea.  "  We've already ruled out ships that have been in 
contact with Jurai since she disappeared, and that's quite a few ships.  So 
far we only have 81 ships.  And the admiralty is going to contact each of 
them to find out if anyone knows where she is.  We should be finished by 
tomorrow."
Tenchi let out a breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding.  'Tomorrow 
I'll know.'
"  I really must apologize for Ayeka."  Funaho said.  This got Tenchi's 
attention, as he nearly face faulted in surprise.
" Apologize?  Why should you apologize?  It's not your or Ayeka's fault this 
happened."  Tenchi said.
"  Told you."  He heard Washu mutter, and saw Funaho smile in bemusement.
"  Yes, but Ayeka's shameful actions reflect poorly on all members of the 
royal family."  This took Tenchi back a bit.  'Shameful actions?  Ayeka 
didn't really do anything shameful, unless she did something I didn't know 
about.'
"  What do you mean shameful?"  He said, tilting his head up.
"  I realize that Ayeka is a young girl in love, but she totally over 
reacted."  She said.  Tenchi stared at her unbelievingly.
"  It's not her fault.  If it's anyone's fault, it's mine."  He said, 
shaking his head in disapproval at himself.  "  If I had been tougher on 
Ryoko when she teased Ayeka, or she wouldn't have gone too far."  Funaho 
smiled gently at him, and for a moment Tenchi could have sworn she was 
Ayeka's twin.
"  You were right...."  She said, and Tenchi felt his hear sink.  "... 
Washu."  She felt inside her robes and removed a small object.  Tenchi 
noticed it had markings he'd never seen before, but appeared to have an 
engraving of a tree on the back, which Tenchi thought must be a Jurain coin. 
  Funaho handed it gracefully to Washu.
"  Thank you."  She said, putting it in her pocket.
"  You were betting on me?"   He said in surprise.
"  Yes, I didn't think you could possibly blame yourself for the actions of 
other people.  I suppose it was foolish to bet against the number one genius 
scientist in the universe but it seemed a safe bet.  After all, who could 
blame themselves for things that aren't under their control."
"  Yes, but she obviously never lived with you."  Washu chuckled.
"  Oh, nice."  Tenchi muttered.  Washu and Funaho shared a girlish chuckle.
"  You see the pointlessness of blaming yourself then.  Ayeka and Ryoko make 
their own choices in life."  Lady Funaho replied.  " If I had just tried 
harder to raise Ayeka better, then this wouldn't have happened.  So it's my 
fault."  She said ironically.  Tenchi tried to reply but Washu beat him too 
it.
"  If only I had kept my equipment under better security, this wouldn't have 
happened.  So it's my fault."  The little red head offered, in mock apology.
	"  And if Yosho had come back to planet Jurai after he defeated Ryoko, then 
this wouldn't have happened, so it's his fault."  Funaho said, taking 
another sip of tea.
"  You see the point Tenchi?"  Washu said.  "  You can't blame yourself for 
the choices of others.  If you go down that road, in no time at all you'll 
be blaming yourself for the Alderberan war, which claimed 500 million lives, 
and happened ten thousand years before you were born."  Tenchi could only 
smile sheepishly and scratch the back of his head.
"  I guess you're right."
	"  Of course I'm right. I'm a genius."  Washu said.
"  Well now that that's settled," Funaho said.  "  If I'm going to stay here 
I'm going to need a room."
	"  You're going to stay here?  On Earth?"  Tenchi said.
"  We think it's best if someone's here to talk to Ayeka if she should show 
up again.  Plus it's been ages since anyone did a survey of this planet, so 
I might as well do that too while I'm here."
"  Well if you want to stay here, we've got quite a few rooms opened up just 
recently."  Tenchi joked slightly.  "  Do you have any bags you need brought 
up?  I should do it now, because grandpa, err Yosho wants me at training 
pretty soon."
"  I wouldn't worry about that, Lord Tenchi."  Funaho said.  She said it 
without looking at him, and got up to refill her tea.
"  Well, I've kind of missed everyone this week, so I really need too, but 
we can talk afterwards."  Tenchi said.
	"  I really wouldn't worry about it.  I already had long talk with Yosho 
about it.  He seemed more than willing to part with you for one day."  
Funaho smiled and wrapped one arm around him.  "  So for the rest of the 
day, you're mine."  She said, with mock authority.  "  So please tell me a 
bit about what's been going on lately, Lord Tenchi."




Having Lady Funaho around the house was a bit re-assuring to Tenchi, almost 
like having Ayeka back.  Tenchi could easily see whom Ayeka had learned it 
all from.  Funaho was quiet, demure, easy going, and quick to smile, just 
like Ayeka was (Wasn't she? Tenchi afterthought).  Tenchi and Washu had 
helped her unpack, and set up for her stay in Ayeka and Sasami's room.  
Tenchi had apologized for not having anything fit for a queen, but Funaho 
just smiled and patted him gently on the shoulder.  After that they sat and 
talked about many things.  School, life with the girls, Dr. Clay and Zero, 
and Earth in general.  Lady Funaho knew a bit about the major events of the 
past few centuries, like the world wars, Japans Meiji wars and America's 
revolutionary war, the Soviet Union's rise and fall, the computer 
revolution, but didn't know many details, and seemed eager to hear them.  
Washu actually chimed in with insightful commentary.  They talked until...
"  I'm home."  Noboyuki said.  He was carrying several plastics and still 
wearing his work clothes.  "  Could I get a little help here?"  He shouted.  
" I stopped and got some take out."    He closed the door gingerly with his 
foot.  Tenchi excused himself and went to help his father, while Washu went 
to go wake Mihoshi up.  Lady Funaho met them in the question.
"  That smells wonderful.  What is it?"  She said.  Noboyuki double taked, 
then adjusted his glasses to look more closely at her.
" Achi..."  He said under his breath, and then shook his head, as if to 
shake an idea away.  "  Well, young lady, who might you be?"  He composed 
himself.
"  No one special.  I'm Yosho's mother.  Funaho."  She said lightly, and 
then went to help him with the bags.  "  I visited here earlier, but I 
didn't get a chance to meet you.  You must be Noboyuki."
"  Yes, I am.  But isn't grandfather... so you're..."  He said, turning 
blank.
"  The queen of Jurai?  I try not to make a big deal of it." She said.
"  Oh really."  He said uncomfortably.  "  I hope we have enough, I didn't 
know we'd have a guest.  Actually, you can have mine.  I actually ate on the 
way here.  You know whatIhavesomeworktodosoI'llbegoing."  He said, and 
nearly bolted out the door.  Shocked, Tenchi started after him as Noboyuki 
left the kitchen.
"  Hey Dad, don't just run off like that!"  Tenchi couldn't believe his 
father could be so rude, especially to family who just happened to be a 
queen of Jurai.  Right as he got to the door, an arm rose up and blocked his 
path.
"  Let him go Tenchi.  I'm sure he has work to do."  Tenchi stared at her.  
Surely she hadn't believed his excuse.  He hadn't even tried to make it 
believable, and Lady Funaho was not stupid.  She should have seen right 
through it.
"  But Lady Funaho..."  She wagged her finger at him like a mother would to 
a naughty son.
"  I'm sure Noboyuki has reasons for leaving."  She said.  Tenchi tried to 
but in, but she wouldn't have it, and motioned him towards the table.  "  No 
buts.  We should eat now."  She said sternly.  Tenchi nodded absent-mindedly 
and followed her.
"  Oh Yum!  Sushi rolls!"  Sparkled Mihoshi.  The last remnants of sleep 
left her eyes as she spotted the food.
"  Hey, where was Noboyuki going in such a hurry?"  Washu asked.  She didn't 
really care so much as she was trying to make conversation.
"  Oh, he had things to do."  Funaho said.  Washu caught the hint and didn't 
bring it up again.  Tenchi muttered something about work, but by this time 
Mihoshi had already dived into the food, and everyone else had to move and 
make a claim on his or her dinner, before it "disappeared".





===== The next day =====




	A bruised and battered Tenchi Masaki wandered down from the mountain with 
an unusual limp.  The day had started out perfectly enough.  He'd woken up 
peacefully, something he was beginning to enjoy with Ryoko gone.  Breakfast 
had been served courtesy of Washu.  Tenchi guessed she was doing it for 
Funaho.  Washu and Funaho had seemed to form a bond, ever since they'd first 
met when Funaho way back when she and Misaki had come to visit Ayeka and 
Sasami.
	Breakfast had gone well, though Tenchi had been a bit uncomfortable being 
the only guy there.  Yosho still seemed uncomfortable whenever his mother 
was around, and Noboyuki was still acting weird, and went out to work early. 
  With them gone, it had just been Washu, Lady Funaho, Mihoshi and himself.  
Washu and Lady Funaho had spent a good deal discussing intergalactic 
politics.  Having spent 5000 years stuck in a crystal, Washu had a lot of 
catching up to do.  Mihoshi added whatever she could, which she did 
surprisingly often.  One thing Tenchi had learned about Mihoshi was that she 
was actually pretty smart about outer space history.  It was common sense 
she was short on.  Tenchi had listened for a few minutes, trying to 
understand, but eventually his eyes just glazed over as the three talked.
	After breakfast, Lady Funaho asked if Tenchi would show her around the 
area, and of course Tenchi agreed, though he admitted there wasn't much to 
see.  They went to the carrot fields first, and Tenchi related the story 
about the masses, and how they had tried to help him, then kill him.  Lady 
Funaho couldn't help laughing, and Tenchi feigned injury at her laughter.  
After that Tenchi took her inside the cave where Ryoko had been held.  
Tenchi felt a little strange being back here.  He hadn't seen any reason to 
visit it after the first time.  A dull twenty minutes later, they left and 
Tenchi showed her the training ground where Katsuhito trained him in sword 
fighting.  And that's where it happened.  Tenchi was showing her a few of 
the techniques he had learned, when Katsuhito silently crept up behind him, 
and nudged him slightly, but enough to send Tenchi flat faced into the 
ground.
	"  Tenchi, you are too easily distracted."  He had said sternly.
	"  Wasn't that a little harsh, Yosho?"  Funaho said.  Katsuhito seemed a 
little ruffled by this, but continued.
	"  If it's all right, mother, I'd like to borrow Tenchi from you for 
training.  He hasn't been here at all in a week.  Frankly I'm surprised he 
remembered the way."  He said.  Funaho sighed, and gave Tenchi a hand up.
	"  Very well Yosho.  I'll let you boys play together."  She said playfully, 
and walked off.  Tenchi stared after her pleading, but she never turned 
around.
	"  Come Tenchi.  We must get started."
	So an hour later, he walked back to the house beaten and bruised, and with 
a slight limp due to a shot his grandpa had placed on the back of his knee.  
Add to that Funaho had avoided answering the question every time he'd asked 
about Ayeka, this day was turning out less than perfectly then he'd hoped.  
It was still early though, he reminded himself, and Jurai could call with 
information later.  This was going through his mind as he opened the door.  
He had intended to go to bed and lie down for a little bit, but it wouldn't 
ever be that simple.
	"  Hey Tenchi, your finally back."  Hiroshi said.  Tenchi double-taked as 
he saw his friend sitting on the couch in the living room, right next to 
lady Funaho.  Daisuke, never far behind, was sitting on the other side of 
Lady Funaho.  They were both pretty casual, but closer to Funaho then Tenchi 
liked.  Funaho seemed fine with it though.
	"  Tenchi, your little friends arrived a while you were training."  Funaho 
said.  Both Hiroshi and Daisuke were grinning widely, and Daisuke looked 
like he was about to put a hand on Funaho's thigh, but thought better about 
it and put it back in his lap.
	"  What are you guys doing here?"  Tenchi asked in disbelief.
	"  Well, we thought you could use some cheering up, so we thought we'd do 
something today."  Hiroshi said.
	"  I don't know, I'm kind of waiting for an important call..."  Tenchi 
started, but Funaho wouldn't hear it.
	"  It's all right, Tenchi.  Even if the call comes, we won't be able to do 
anything about it immediately anyway."  She said.
	"  Geez, Tenchi what happened to you?  Looks like you were trying to pick 
up someone's girlfriend."  Daisuke said, ignorant of the irony.
	"  Yeah, that's never a smart thing to do."  He said flatly.  "  Grandpa 
wanted me to do some extra training today."  Tenchi said, rubbing his knee 
as the pain came back.
	"  So you wanna do something today?"  Hiroshi asked.  Tenchi didn't feel 
like going out, especially since he didn't feel well, but they had come all 
this way...
	"  Sure, I guess.  Just let me go take a shower then."
	"  Sure thing, Tenchi.  We'll be fine down here."  Daisuke said, throwing a 
glance and a confident smirk towards Funaho.  Tenchi wasn't sure he wanted 
to leave them alone.  He didn't think they'd give lady Funaho any trouble, 
but he hadn't thought they'd hit on an older woman either.  Tenchi hurried 
upstairs, and was back down in less then ten minutes, after a quick shower 
and changing into more casual clothes.  He was not amused by what he found.  
Daisuke was still sitting next to Lady Funaho, blatantly hitting on her, 
telling her how beautiful she looked with that robe on.  Hiroshi, however, 
had apparently decided to be a nice guy, and keep Mihoshi company after she 
had wandered in while Tenchi was upstairs.  Daisuke was complimenting Funaho 
on her looks and choice of clothes, which she seemed to be enjoying, while 
Hiroshi had reduced Mihoshi into a fit of girlish giggles with tales of 
Tenchi in elementary school.
	"  Hey Tenchi, I just had an idea.  We can just stay here and watch a movie 
instead of going out."  Hiroshi said excitedly.  Daisuke got the idea 
quickly and nodded his agreement.
	"  Yeah, I mean, it looks like it could rain later, best to stay inside."  
Daisuke said, pointing out to the cloudless sky.
	Tenchi nearly face faulted.  He didn't really want his friends hitting on 
Mihoshi and Funaho, so he needed a good excuse.
	"  Actually, the VCR's broken.  Sorry.  Actually, though, there were some 
things I meant to do today, though.  I need to get some things from the 
store."  He said.  Hiroshi and Daisuke sighed heavily.
	"  All right."  Daisuke said, and then muttered, " We never have any luck."
	"  Tenchi keeps all the best girls for himself."  Hiroshi added under his 
breath.  Funaho chuckled a bit at their reactions.  She really had enjoyed 
the attention, if only from two high schools kids.
	"  You boys have a good time."  She said, and waved as they sadly got up 
and moped over to Tenchi.  As they reached the door, she called to them and 
softly blew them a kiss.  They turned bright red and started wrestling for 
each other, as if trying to steal the kiss from one another.  Hiroshi 
claimed victory as Tenchi grabbed them both by the collar and dragged them 
out.




	"  Tenchi, your aunt is HOT!"  Daisuke said for the fifth time.  They were 
on the train bound for Kurashiki city and all they'd been able to talk about 
was Funaho and Mihoshi.
	"  Why'd you have to drag us out?"  Hiroshi practically cried, ignoring the 
looks people on the train were giving him.  "  I think I was about to score 
with the blonde!  She really likes me!"   Tenchi shook his head in annoyance 
as Hiroshi went on to declare his undying love for Mihoshi.  His leg was 
feeling a bit better after the shower, so he wasn't limping anymore.  He 
still ached though.
	"  You weren't about to score.  Mihoshi acts like that with everyone."  
Tenchi replied.  Outside the countryside was flashing by.
	"  I man can dream can't he!"  He said, clasping his hands together and 
looking love struck, tears pouring down his face.  "  And why do you get all 
the girls?"
	"  Yeah."  Daisuke said angrily.  "  Even if you want to keep Mihoshi to 
yourself, you can at least let me have your aunt.  You can't add your own 
aunt to your personal harem!"  He said, then suddenly looked at Tenchi 
suspiciously.  "  You don't want your own aunt do you?  This isn't some 
quasi-Oedipal complex thing, is it?"
	"  Of course not.  She's married!"  He replied.
	"  What!"  Daisuke hollered.  Almost the entire train turned to look at 
him.  "  But she... she told me her husband married someone else."  He 
pouted.  That was true, Tenchi thought, but she didn't mention that multiple 
marriages were allowed on planet Jurai.
	"  It doesn't matter what she said, she's still married."  Daisuke nearly 
wept.
	"  What about Mihoshi?"  Hiroshi said.
	"  She's not married, but I think she likes me."  He said, as Hiroshi's 
eyes stared angrily at him.
	"  First thing we do in Kurashiki city," Daisuke muttered " is get Tenchi 
neutered."
	"  And then we take his women!"  Hiroshi added, and they both laughed 
maniacally.
	"  You can have them."  Tenchi said, under his breath.




	They spent most of the early afternoon wandering around the shopping 
district, discussing what had been going on lately.  Hiroshi and Daisuke 
quickly picked up that talking about Ryoko, Ayeka, and Sasami was a sore 
point for Tenchi, and tried to find out about it subtly.
	"  So what was that call you were expecting?"  Hiroshi asked, while Daisuke 
sipped a drink.  The first thing they did after getting off the train was 
grab some lunch at the first fast food shop they could find.  Daisuke was 
just finishing it off.
	"  It's kind of complicated."  Tenchi deflected.
	"  So, waiting for one of those girls to call you?" Daisuke said.  "  Don't 
look surprised.  That was the same thing you said last time we asked last 
time."
	"  Yeah, Tenchi, you never told us about what happened.  You just stalled." 
  Hiroshi added. Tenchi sighed and considered what to tell them.  
Eventually, he related a slightly modified story about Ryoko using a 
computer to doctor a photo, making it seem like she and Tenchi had been 
having sex, and Ayeka running off with Sasami to visit relatives, and Ryoko 
leaving to stay with her half-sister (which was what Ryo-oh-ki technically 
was).  Hiroshi and Daisuke listened quietly, not even commenting with the 
sarcastic quips they were known for.  When he finished, Hiroshi lightly 
shook his shoulder.
	"  That's terrible.  I can see why you kicked her out."  Hiroshi said.
	" Well I didn't really kick her out..."  Tenchi muttered, thinking perhaps 
he should have.
	"  What I don't get is why she lost after one photo.  I mean, did she even 
ask you about it?"  Daisuke questioned, then did a jump shot and put his 
empty cup in the trash bin ten feet away.
	"  I know.  It's really strange.  She's never let her emotions get to her 
before."  Something about that last sentence left a bad taste in Tenchi's 
mouth, like there was something just wrong about it.  He shrugged it off, 
and they got up and headed down the street.
	"  She's normally so nice and quiet.  Everything you could want in a 
woman."  Tenchi said, admitting silently to himself that wasn't exactly 
true.  He knew she couldn't cook very well, but that was forgivable.
	"  Well if she was so perfect, why didn't you just break if off with 
Ryoko?"  Hiroshi asked.  Before Tenchi could answer Daisuke had already 
guessed it.
	"  Didn't have the balls, did you Tenchi?" He remarked.
	"  Of course I did!"  Tenchi shouted defensively, but his friends looked 
skeptical.  He knew it was hopeless though.  His friends had known him to 
long enough to know he was spineless when it came to girls.  He'd never told 
Ayeka or Ryoko, but he had several brief relationships, and they had all 
ended badly.  The only exception was Hiwa Takashi, and that's because they'd 
been childhood friends (see manga volume 3).  " It's just that - Hey watch 
it!"  He shouted, as a group of teenagers on in-line skates flew by him.   
One turned around, an American only visiting from Austin, Texas.  He wore a 
pale blue T-shirt, and some khaki shorts.
	"  You watch it! You should be more careful when you're in our territory!"  
He said, and then waved at the reader as if he knew he was in a fanfic.

(Authors note:  Forgive me, I just found my copy of Jet Grind Radio, and 
it's all I could think of for my cameo.)

	They stared after him, waiting for an apology.  After he turned the corner, 
they continued walking, albeit slightly irritated.
	"  Man, those graffiti punks are ruining this city."  They heard someone 
say.  Meanwhile, Tenchi spotted a pay phone.
	"  Could you hold on a second, I need to make a call home."  He said.  The 
duo waited patiently as Tenchi made a very short call.  Hiroshi and Daisuke 
could tell what he'd learned.
	"  No luck?"  Daisuke asked.  Tenchi nodded.
	"  Actually a little.  We know where she's not.  There are only three 
shi... relatives she might be with.  Funaho learned that.  But she's still 
not talking to us."
	"  This must be really serious.  I've never seen you this depressed about a 
girl before."  Hiroshi said.  Tenchi nodded silently to himself.  He had 
never felt this way about a girl before.
	"  Ayeka was really special to me."  He said.  His eyes looked up, as if to 
see Ayeka.  "  I remember this one time, we were all on this picnic, and 
Ayeka went off to find some mushrooms.  She found these really poisonous 
ones, but they didn't look dangerous, she didn't know they were poisonous, 
but at least she was trying.  Ryoko just grabbed the first ones things she 
saw.  She never thought. (That's Manga vol. 3 again)" He walked a few steps, 
then noticed Hiroshi and Daisuke weren't following him.  They were holding 
on to each other, as if for support.
	"  That's so sweet."  Hiroshi sniffled.
	"  How romantic!"  Daisuke cried.  Tenchi sweat dropped as he noticed that 
they had drawn a crowd.  At least a half dozen people were staring at them.
	"  Stop it, you guys.  You know I'm comfortable with your being gay, but 
you don't have to advertise it."  Tenchi deadpanned, and it was Hiroshi and 
Daisuke's, along with most of the crowd, turn to sweat drop.  Most of the 
crowd, believing Tenchi, turned around and left the two alone.  "  I'm going 
on.  You two can catch up with me when you're "finished"."  Tenchi turned 
around and walked off.
	"  We're not gay."  Hiroshi said.  The remaining people just shrugged it 
off and walked away.  "  Really, we're not."  He shouted after them.  They 
found Tenchi a block ahead, window-shopping at an electronics store.  He was 
looking over a Pioneer brand digital camera, wondering if he should buy it 
or ask Washu to make him one like it.
	"  Real funny Tenchi. Now have the town thinks we're lovers."  Daisuke 
said.  Tenchi just smiled ironically at them.
	"  Then I guess you shouldn't have been hugging then."  HE said.  They both 
glared at him.  "  Besides, only a couple people heard it, and they didn't 
even know you.  How could the whole town know?"  This disarmed them a bit, 
and they stopped glaring at him.  But Hiroshi still punched him hard in the 
arm.
	"  With that lovable charm, no wonder the women can't resist you."  Daisuke 
said.
	"  Yeah, drives girls crazy."  Tenchi said, rubbing his arm.  But Daisuke 
was looking past him.
	"  Oh cool, an arcade."  Tenchi and Hiroshi flinched at the word.  Neither 
of them were really interested in video games, but Daisuke was a maniac, and 
they knew they'd be in that arcade for a while.
	An hour later, the constant high-pitched noise was beginning to grate on 
Tenchi's nerves, but he'd known Daisuke since elementary school, and he knew 
better then to try and pull him away until he ran out of tokens.  After a 
few minutes, they Hiroshi and Tenchi realized Daisuke had brought a lot of 
money, and settled in for the long haul. At first, they played a couple 
games of air hockey, and then just settled in to wait.  Right now, Daisuke 
was taking a couple of young boys to school on a Real Bout Fatal Fury 2 
machine.
	"  Lesson number 5, kid.  That move has way to much recovery time to be 
useful except in combos."  He chuckled, as the kid kicked the machine and 
walked off.  "  Hey, don't blame the machine."
	"  You through yet, Daisuke?"  Hiroshi asked.
	"  I've still got one credit left!"  He replied.
A loud arcade was not the best place for deep thought, but Tenchi had been 
doing it anyway.  It started when Daisuke started telling them about Andy 
and Mai, two characters from that game that were in love and that he wished 
they would get married.  Tenchi started thinking about something that had 
never occurred to him.  What if he asked Ayeka to marry him?  Ayeka had 
always wanted it, and now Tenchi began to wonder if he didn't want it too.  
He was no longer quite as mad at Ryoko, but he couldn't see himself being 
with someone who thought so little about other people's feelings. The choice 
had never been so obvious as now, but he still wasn't sure.  He had to ask.
	"  Do you think I'm too young to get married?"  He suddenly said.  
Hiroshi's head snapped around to stare at him, and Daisuke seemed to flinch 
at the controls, and receive a critical hit, losing the match.  He turned 
around to look Tenchi in the eye.
	"  Yes.  Yes I do, Tenchi."  Hiroshi said.  There was no a trace of a joke 
in his voice.
	"  Why do you want to get married Tenchi?  I mean, even if this girl is so 
great, you still pretty young.  She's got to be pretty young.  I mean, I 
know you miss her, but are you sure she's everything you think?"  Daisuke 
said.
	"  I've known her for almost a year now.  I know it's what she wants, or 
what she wanted before all this.  It's what I want I don't see why not?"  
Tenchi said.  He sighed and leaned up against an arcade machine.  Hiroshi 
shook his head and crossed his arms.
	"  If she's everything you say, then she'd wait for you to at least turn 
eighteen."  Hiroshi said.
	"  Tenchi, how do you know it will work out?  You've had a couple of 
girlfriends before, but nothing this serious.  Just cause you both want to 
get married doesn't mean it will work out."  Daisuke said.  Tenchi silently 
admitted that he had a point, but he also knew Ayeka loved him.  Would that 
love last forever?
	"  You're still young, man.  You have to get out there, see the world.  
Have you ever been outside Japan?"  Hiroshi said, and Tenchi silently 
corrected him.  He'd been outside Japan, he'd been outside of the planet, 
and battled immensely powerful enemies like Kagato and Garyu (see Manga, vol 
12), but he had to remind himself that he hadn't exactly spent a whole lot 
of time there.  "  There's a whole world, go and see it.  Then you can get 
married.  If it's true love, then a couple of years wouldn't really matter." 
  Tenchi again knew he had a point, but he also knew that what he had with 
Ayeka was true love.
	"  What's the difference between a few days and a few years?  I know Ayeka 
would never betray me."
	"  Even if she thinks you betrayed her?  She might have just jumped into 
the arms of the first guy she met?"  Hiroshi said.  Tenchi steadfastly 
trusted Ayeka.
	"  Even if."



	A few hours later, Tenchi hiked down the road to his house.  It was about 
eight PM, and the sun had already set.  The exhaustion had hit him full 
first, and he was shuffling a bit.  Tenchi had argued with Hiroshi and 
Daisuke for about a half hour more, growing more and more convinced that he 
was right.  After a while they just stopped fighting, and told Tenchi to 
make sure they were invited to the wedding.  It went downhill from there.  
Daisuke noticed the Dance Dance revolution had just opened it up, and 
dragged them both over to it. For the next hour they took turns on it, 
except when someone else came and challenged Daisuke.  Tenchi actually 
enjoyed it a lot.  It took his mind of everything; he just let it all go and 
danced.  After an hour Daisuke ran out of money, and they finally managed to 
drag him out of the arcade.  They spent the next couple of hours walking 
around aimlessly, until they decided to go home.  They'd split up at the 
train station, with Tenchi saying he'd walk back.
	So Tenchi found himself walking home, sore from Yosho's training, and tired 
from a day out.  As he turned a corner and saw the house, he noticed how 
empty it seemed.  Most of the lights were out except for the living room, 
and Noboyuki's room.  Tenchi's legs burned but he managed to make it inside 
before nearly collapsing on the couch.
	"  Tough day, lord Tenchi?"  A young voice inquired.  Tenchi lacked the 
strength to look up, and almost enough to respond.
	"  You could say that little Washu."  He groaned, as the aches and pains 
washed over him.  "  Where's Lady Funaho?"
	"  In your father's study."  She said.  She moved from the doorway to the 
couch and sat down next to Tenchi, sitting with her arms folded behind her 
head, and swung her feet like a little kid.  At first Tenchi didn't 
understand what she meant, and then he realized she was referring to 
Noboyuki's library.  He never though of his dad's massive collection of 
girls comics as a 'Study'.
	"  What's she doing in there?"  He asked.  Could she have started reading 
those old romance comics?
	"  Reading some books she got at the library.  We visited the public 
library after she talked with your father.  She visited to look for some 
books on travel.  I humiliated a guest speaker talking to college students 
on particle physics."  Washu said, getting a sadistic gleam in her eye at 
the last part.  "  She wanted to see you when you got home. Oh, and your dad 
ordered a pizza.  There's still a bit left, since the only people who like 
eel on their pizza are your father and grandfather.  Blech."  Tenchi nodded, 
then summoned his little strength to stand up.
	"  Thanks little Washu.  Did she say what it was about?"  He asked.  She 
nodded.
	"  Yes, but I think she wanted to talk to you first."  She said.  A little 
surprised, Tenchi made a couple of guesses at what Lady Funaho might want, 
but couldn't think of anything.  He found Lady Funaho at a book-covered desk 
at the back of his fathers' library.  At first he thought they were comics, 
but as he got closer he noticed they were travel guides, on Canada of all 
places.  She noticed him before he got within ten feet.
	"  Hello Lord Tenchi.  How was your day?"  She asked with a smile.  Tenchi 
suddenly felt strength return to his legs.  He smiled back, and sat down on 
the other side of the table.
	"  Tiring, but I had a good time."  He said.  " I'm sorry about their 
behavior earlier."   Funaho gave him a disarming smile.
	"  Don't be.  I think you'll find most women like being reminded from time 
to time that their attractive.  Even if it is by young boys."  She said.  
She flipped a couple of pages in the book she was reading, but didn't take 
her attention away from Tenchi.  Tenchi picked up a book, and examined it.  
It was about the history of Montreal.
	"  Canada huh?  Heard it's a nice place.  Never been there though.  
Planning on going?"  He asked.  Tenchi could think of any specific reason 
for Canada.
	"  Yes.  Thought it might be nice if I visited home while I'm here."  She 
said, and Tenchi became even more confused.
	"  Ah.  So, why Canada?"  He said.
	"  Because I was born there."  Funaho said.  Tenchi stared at her for a 
moment.
	"  But I always thought you were from Japan?"  He said.
	"  You should have asked."  She replied.  "  No, I was born in Northern 
Canada."  She picked up a map and looked at it.  " Not entirely sure where 
though, we weren't big on maps then back then."
	"  Are you joking?"  Tenchi asked.  He had never thought about where Lady 
Funaho had come from.  He knew she was from Earth, but Jurai culture was so 
similar to Japanese he had just assumed she was from Japan.
	"  Yes, Tenchi, I am."  She said.  She didn't sound annoyed that Tenchi 
didn't believe her, just answered him calmly.  "  The Earth is a very big 
planet, and Japan is very small.  The law of probabilities alone suggests 
that I'm not from Japan.  I was an..." she looked through a guide book.  "  
Amerindian seems to be the term they use now, though we called ourselves the 
Ka hoi.  Azusa came with a scouting party to check on some readings they 
picked up from the ship.  My clan was there to meet them."  She shrugged. "  
Certainly looks different then I remember."  She said, looking at a picture 
of Modern day Quebec.
	" Your right, I guess."  He said, still adjusting.
	"  Of course I am."  She said with a smile.
	"  I heard you talked to my father today.  Is he part of the reason your 
going?"  Tenchi asked.  Funaho gently put her book down.
	"  A little bit.  I asked him today why he was acting strangely whenever I 
was around.  It was pretty much as I thought."  She said.  Her voice was 
calm, but still a little sad, like she didn't like thinking about it.
	"  Why?"  Tenchi asked.
	"  He's uncomfortable because I remind him so much of your mother."  She 
said.  "  It's not really a big deal.  I came to Earth to survey cultural 
and Technological development, I guess I can do that in Canada too."
	"  You don't have to go.  I'll talk with him."  Tenchi said firmly.  " I 
mean, it's silly.  You don't even really look like my mom."  Funaho gave him 
a disbelieving smile, and reached over to a small desk near the table and 
picked up a small picture, and handed it to Tenchi.  It was a picture of 
Achika holding Tenchi as an infant.  They were on what appeared to be a 
picnic, with Mount Kyushu in the background.  Tenchi was surprised by how 
much Lady Funaho really did look like his mother.  "  Wow.  I always thought 
you looked more like Ayeka."
	"  Not really.  We have the same color hair, but that's only because Yosho 
liked it better so Ayeka changed it."  She said.  Tenchi knew that part; 
Washu had discovered it some time ago.  "  Ayeka always looked more like her 
mother."
	"  Speaking of Ayeka..."  Tenchi said.
	"  Ah, yes.  We know where she probably is.  Of the three ships we haven't 
been able to contact, Jurai Sun, Derra IV, and the Eternity, Jurai Sun and 
Derra IV are in places likely to cause communication interference.  The 
Eternity was on border patrol.  There's no reason they shouldn't answer us, 
except perhaps there's a Jurain princess aboard ordering them not too.  We 
think that's where she is, and we've sent a ship to their last known 
coordinates.  We should know in about a week, if they're there."  Tenchi 
nodded as he listened.  Since Ayeka might be coming home soon, and Lady 
Funaho would be leaving soon, he had to ask her.
	"  Lady Funaho, I think you need to know something.  When Ayeka returns I 
plan on asking her to marry me."  He said, and Lady Funaho could only stare 
at him wide-eyed.  For a few moments she couldn't speak.
	"  I suppose that's between you and Ayeka."  She said, regaining her 
composure and calmness.  Tenchi began to realize that her outward calmness 
might just be a facade.  Most of the time he had no idea what she was really 
feeling.  "  But if you're asking my permission, then I'd have to say no."  
This time it was Tenchi's turn to be surprised.  Tenchi had expected Lady 
Funaho to be supportive of this.
	"  May I ask why?"  He said.  "  I thought you'd be happy for us."
	"  I would be, but Tenchi," She said delicately.  "  I think you're too 
young."  This surprised Tenchi.  It was the same thing Hiroshi and Daisuke 
had said.  He'd ignored them because he believed that they just didn't know 
Ayeka well enough, but Lady Funaho was over seven hundred years old, and one 
of Ayeka's mothers.  She knew Ayeka better probably then he did.  And she 
was hardly stupid. If she thought he was too young...
	"  Are you sure the Ayeka you want to marry is the same that left?"  She 
said.  Tenchi looked at her queerly.
	"  What do you mean?"  He said.
	"  Absence makes the heart grow fonder.  Perhaps you've grown too fond."




===== Two days later, 2:14 AM =====




	" GO TENCHI GO!"  Ayeka shouted.  She was dressed in a tight fitting blue 
and gray cheerleaders outfit, and doing cartwheels while Ryoko, also in a 
cheerleader's uniform, was jumping into the air with her pom-poms.  Tenchi 
hit a smash across the ping-pong table that Hiroshi had to dive to return.  
It hit Tenchi's side of the table and went straight up.  As Hiroshi 
returned, his cheering section, Mihoshi and Funaho in maroon and white 
cheerleaders outfits, went wild.  Tenchi shivered a bit, in the cold 
auditorium, and wondered how the entire school had fit in here.  He paid no 
mind about the fact both he and Hiroshi were in their underwear.  Tenchi, in 
an amazing display of gymnastics, did a triple forward flip and was able to 
return the ball.  Hiroshi spun around and made a mad dash for it but missed 
it by a few inches.  The crowd went wild.
	"  Tenchi!  Tenchi!  Tenchi!"  They chanted and cheered.  He basked in 
their love while the crowd noise died down, and the voices all merged into 
one.
	"  Tenchi.  Tenchi.  Wake up, Lord Tenchi."  Washu was saying.  He felt a 
hand gently shaking him out of his sleep.  He yawned, and looked up at 
Washu.
	"  What's going on?"  He said, but he could barely understand it himself, 
since he was so tired.
	"  They found Ayeka."  She said.  Tenchi sat straight up.  He woke up 
immediately.  Those were the words he'd been dying to hear.  He felt like 
those were the three best words he'd ever heard.  So why didn't Washu look 
happy?  Washu wore an expression of concern and sadness on her face.
	"  Where is she?"  He said.    Washu just shook her head.
	"  Perhaps you'd better see for yourself, Lord Tenchi."  She said.  He got 
up and threw on a T-shirt.  Washu held the door and motioned downstairs.  He 
hurried downstairs, still wondering why Washu seemed so depressed.  He 
noticed that Washu's TV was on.  Washu had created a TV capable of picking 
up intergalactic transmissions and TV networks.  The girls sometimes watched 
alien soap opera's on it.  It was normally disguised as part of the wall, 
but now it was displaying an image.  There was a tall white building 
standing out against a skyline crowded with buildings and a blue sky above 
it.  And in the sky was what appeared to be Jurain battle cruiser.  Tenchi 
felt happy, but he couldn't help but get a bad feeling.  Washu had looked so 
worried, and an announcer on the station was in what sounded like a panicked 
voice talking in some alien language.  It wasn't until an announcer came on 
and started translating it into Japanese that he realized what was going on.
	"  This is on Earth?!?"  He exclaimed, turning to look at Washu.  Washu 
nodded.
	"  New York, be precise.  The United Nations building to be exact.  The 
Eternity showed up about twenty minutes ago, during a meeting of the general 
assembly.  That's every member nation.  Immediately afterwards Azaka and 
Kamidake went down and announced Princess Ayeka would address the UN.  She 
should be down soon."  She said.  Tenchi stared unbelievably at the screen.
	"  ... I repeat this is not a joke.  An apparent alien spacecraft has 
appeared over the United Nations building in New York City.  Details are 
sketchy as to what is happening inside."  The announcer said.  "  This feed 
is coming in live.  No one is quite certain... Something appears to be 
happening."  Tenchi knew immediately what was happening.  Someone was using 
a Jurain teleportation system.  The entire area seemed to darken, except for 
one small circular area, which seemed to brighten.  There were what looked 
like cherry blossoms falling around it, and seven people appeared.  Ayeka 
stood in the center, in an aquamarine hooded Jurain robe.  To her left, 
stood Sasami in Turquoise and pink robe.  A man in what looked like a 
military uniform stood to her right, and four guards formed a box around 
them.  Azaka and Kamidake appeared a few moments later, and the group headed 
inside.  Tenchi had a feeling he wasn't going to like what was about to 
happen.

Please R&R.
