Jurian Dreams
By Mercury Knight

	Hi. This will be my second fic posted on TMFFA, but it 
will be my first completed story posted on this site. I 
wrote this after reading the “challenge” in the writer’s 
reference section of this same site. The challenge was to 
write a story depicting well, find out or read the 
challenge yourself. Now then, all names and places depicted 
herein are the sole ownership of Pioneer entertainment Inc. 
The story line however is mine. So no copying, ‘k? Hope you 
enjoy and I hope this story substantially answers your 
challenge.

	(Flashback): Ayeka is seen on Tenchi’s back. They are 
seen looking at the view on top of the mountain, checking 
Funaho’s memory, and hiding from the rain in the mountain 
cabin. (The scene fades into a split scene of Ayeka and 
Tenchi both daydreaming in their rooms). Simultaneously 
they both let out a sigh close their eyes and fall asleep. 

	The next morning breakfast continued as usual. Sasami 
had cooked her usual feast. Ayeka and Ryoko were fighting 
as always and Kiyone was yelling at Mihoshi for making a 
mess. Tenchi didn’t seem to notice any of this as he 
absently ate his food. Sasami was the only one who seemed 
to notice Tenchi’s absent mood. 

“Hey Tenchi, what’s wrong?” Sasami asked. Tenchi looked up 
as if he were caught doing something wrong.

“Huh? Oh, it’s nothing Sasami. Just thinking that’s all.” 
Tenchi responded. He continued eating his food. Sasami just 
looked on in disbelief and started once again on her food. 
After breakfast Tenchi gathered his things and went off to 
school. 

	About a couple hours later, Ayeka decides to take a 
walk out by the Masaki family tree. She walks up to it and 
sits down leaning her back against the trunk of the tree. 
She sighs and looks up at the sky.

“I am so tired of fighting with Ryoko over Tenchi. I just 
wish there were a way to settle this dispute once and for 
all. I know if this keeps up much longer that he won’t want 
either of us. Wait I know! I’ll ask Tenchi to take us on 
separate dates and he can decide afterwards!” she sighs and 
frowns as she looks back at the ground. “What am I thinking 
that won’t ever work. What to do, what to do?” she asks 
herself. She looks up at the sky once more.

	Meanwhile at school, Tenchi’s school is selling roses 
for prom witch is coming up. He sees them and thinks to 
himself,

“Wow, I’ll bet the girls would love to get a rose from me. 
Let’s see one dollar each. I have ten dollars with me.” He 
decides to buy a rose for each of them. Then he remembers 
Ayeka and all the thinking he has done about her lately. 
“You know what? I can get the other girls a rose each and 
Ayeka a bouquet of five and it’ll come out even. Besides I 
have been meaning to talk to her lately. And Ryoko is 
leaving for some pirate get together tomorrow. Maybe, I can 
get Ayeka alone for a little while tonight.” Tenchi makes 
up his mind and buys the roses. 

	Later that evening Ryoko is seen in the yard with Ryo-
Ohki and the rest of the family in the yard. 

“So long every body, I’ll be back in a few days! Say bye to 
Tenchi for me!” she says as she tosses Ryo-Ohki in the air 
and leaves. 

“So long!” came the unified reply from every body in the 
yard as Ryoko speeds off. After an hour or so tenchi 
finally returns home to find sasami playing a vidoe game 
with dad. 

“Hi, I’m home!” tenchi calls. Sasami drops her controller 
to run and greet tenchi.

“Oh tenchi, your home.” Sasami says with a huge smile on 
her face. “Wow roses! They’re so pretty. Who are they for?”

“Well, I got one for each of you. Where’s Ayeka? And did 
Ryoko leave already?” tenchi answered.

“Yes she did. Ayeka is in her room. Thanks tenchi!” sasami 
says as she is handed two roses. 

“I am going to go see your sister right now. Give that 
other rose to Washu for me please?” tenchi said.

“All right I will. I just have to finish beating father 
“medieval slayers” right now.” Sasami said. Just then the 
game over sound was heard along with Noboyuki’s laughter.

“Ha, ha! You snooze you loose sasami.” He said with a grin.

“Hey, you cheated. No fair! I’ll get you this time though!” 
sasami said with a frown. Tenchi just smiled at them and 
went upstairs.

	Upstairs tenchi passed Ryoko’s room and went in. he 
sat a rose on her bed. He left and went further down the 
hall towards Ayeka’s room. He knocked on the door and asked 
if she was in there.

“Yes I’m here. Come in tenchi.” She answered. Tenchi came 
in handed her a small bouquet of five roses. 

“Here, these are for you. I hope you like them.” Tenchi 
said handing the roses to Ayeka.

“Tenchi, they’re beautiful.” Ayeka said accepting the 
roses, as her eyes grew wide with pleasure. 

“Ayeka, I was wondering if you’d want to come up to the 
mountain with me tonight.” Tenchi asked the princess. 

“Why, yes. I’d love to.” She said with a glimmer in her 
eye. 

	Later on after dinner, tenchi motioned for Ayeka to 
join him as he started walking towards the door. They both 
start walking up towards the mountain with the box of wood 
that tenchi grabbed off the porch. 

“So tenchi why did you ask me to come with you up the 
mountain tonight anyway?” She asked hoping for a particular 
reason. 

“Well, they’re was something I wanted to talk to you about 
and this was really the only chance I could get now that I 
know Ryoko won’t be getting involved.” Tenchi said as he 
turned his head to look at Ayeka. “You see, I have been 
thinking a lot lately about the first time that we met.”

“I too have been thinking about us.” Ayeka said blushing. 

“I have been to scared since you and Ryoko started fighting 
over me to ask you.” Tenchi said.

“Ask me what Lord Tenchi?” Ayeka asked her hopes rising.

“Well you see, I like Ryoko but she just is too wild for 
me. You on the other hand are kind of shy and more proper. 
I have been looking for a girl like you for a long time 
now.” Tenchi said spilling his feelings to Ayeka. “Ayeka?”

“Yes tenchi?” Ayeka asked almost knowing what was to come 
next.

“Would you do me the honor of being mine?” tenchi now more 
nervous than he ever was before asked her. Ayeka just 
looked at him with huge loving eyes and put her hands over 
her cheeks. 

“Why, of course I will!” Ayeka said as she hugged him 
causing him to drop the box of firewood that he was 
carrying. They both proceeded to head up the mountain and 
sat under the stars next to a nice campfire for the rest of 
the night. 

“Ayeka?” tenchi said.

“Yes, tenchi?” Ayeka asked.

“I love you princess.” Tenchi said.

“And I love you my tenchi.” Ayeka said laying her head 
against his shoulder. 


The End

	Well, what do you think? I hope I answered Gensao’s 
challenge. I may be persuaded to write a sequel but that is 
up to what you people think. If you want to send some ideas 
as to what you think should happen, please do. You can 
contact me at mercury_knight2001@yahoo.com. C-ya all!
