


Outside area surrounding Masaki Shrine

"We should be far enough any to remain unnoticed." Kagato said to his 
host confidently. "why are we here already.are you going to begin our 
attack."  

*Kagato.are you able to leave my body* Michael mentally asked his 
partner.

*Yes.why * Kagato responded curiously.

*I need  the layout of Ryoko's place. I want you to go and scout out all 
their security measures.* Michael said wisely * basic military 
intelligence *

* Hum.good idea boy that Washu is sure to have some traps set around 
here* 
Kagato thought back to his host.

* I trust you can find your way back to me* Michael said spitefully. 
  
"Driver take me to the Tokyo Plaza." Michael said suddenly startling the 
driver who was busy staring greedily at his meter.

" Yes Sir." The driver said pulling away from the curb wanting this 
customer outside his cab as soon as possible.
________________________________________________________________________

   Masaki Household 

Kagato watched the young Jurian princess run through the house looking 
for Nobuyuki.

" Nobuyuki.are you ready." Sasami called from outside his room.

"Yes.Sasami." Nobuyuki replied opening his door " do you have your 
list.." 

"Yep.lets go." Sasami said running back downstairs. 

"Man.you think she never went to the mall before." Nobuyuki said as he 
quickly made his way downstairs to the little princess waiting in the 
car. 

Kagato frowned as he watched this little display of childhood. " Youth 
is wasted on the young" He thought to himself as he made his way into 
Washu's lab to see her security monitors. 

Washu walked through her lab coon skin cap covering her crimson hair 
unaware of her supernatural visitor she continued to check her security 
measures to prevent any surprise attacks. All the while Kagato watched 
and noted the placement of each camera the trigger to each trap.

"Very clever Washu." Kagato said to himself as he witnessed yet another 
trap set, one that he and Michael would have definitely fallen for had 
he not been set forward to scout.

"However I think your taking this trap setting thing a little to 
lightly." 
Kagato remarked as Washu began to hum the theme song to Davey Crockett  
a countless number of traps yet to be placed 

"This may take awhile.." Kagato admitted as he continued to follow the 
scientist around. 
 ______________________________________________________________________

Tokyo Mall

" TWELVE  THOUSAND DOLLARS.you can't mean America " Michael shouted at 
the man behind the register.

"Twelve thousand American." The man behind the register said back "You 
wanted the best and the best isn't cheap." The man said gesturing toward 
the electronic equipment scattered on his counter.

"And your sure this stuff is the loudest you have.." Michael asked the 
shopkeeper.

"So loud it can make a old man wet itself fifty miles from the party.Its 
been banned in the USA. " The shopkeeper said proudly.

"alright I'll take it.and this CD too." Michael said grabbing a 
soundtrack off the rack.

"I'll tell you what I'll throw in the CD for free.." The shopkeeper said 
as he grabbed the Stolen plastic Visa unlimited card and ran it through 
his machine.

"Pleasure doing business with you Mr. Chandler." The shopkeeper said 
returning the stolen visa that paid for Michael's trip to Japan.
 
 "Yeah just deliver it to this address.." Michael replied giving the 
shopkeeper the address of his hotel leaving to pick up the few remaining 
supplies he needed.     

--------------------------------------------------------------                                             

"Sasami.you can go next door and get your books." Nobuyuki said to the 
little princess waiting patiently for him to finish browsing through the 
videos. "Its going to take me awhile to decide anyway." Nobuyuki added 
holding up two movies he grabbed from the shelf. 

"Ok..come and get me when your done" Sasami said quickly making her way 
to the bookstore and the new Romance Comics that were just 
released.

Nobuyuki watched as Sasami disappeared from view once he was sure she 
was gone he threw the movies back on the shelf and made his way 
into his favorite part of the store, his temple marked not with a 
cross but with a XXX. 

*Take your time Sasami.* Nobuyuki thought as he moved the velvet 
curtain. *some choices should never be rushed*

  ---------------

" Haven't read this one either..." Sasami said as she placed another 
comic on her already mountain-like pile. At the back of the store 
hidden from the eyes of the other customers Michael stood leafing 
through old books.

*Cute kid..* Michael thought as looked up from his reading the sound of 
Sasami's laughter drawing his attention.

*Damn..* Michael swore to himself as he noticed to rather large men 
walking towards the child. 

*Maybe it's her family.* Michael thought hopefully. Silently he watched 
as one of the men bent down and talked to the child. The second 
one stood beside him his eyes scanning the few people left in the 
store. Convinced they were not being watched the man talking to 
the child quickly grabbed her and pulled her out of the view 
behind the comic selves. 

*Shit.their goes that theory." Michael said as he quickly made his way 
to the captured girl. 

"What's the matter sweetie.I thought you wanted some Romance." A tall 
muscular man in a dirty shirt said the girl before him.

"I..I just want to go." Sasami said quietly already warned once of the 
things they would do if she screamed.

"No what your gonna do is come with me and my friend outside.and once we 
get there if you are a good little girl we'll let you go." The second 
man said smiling and reaching for the child. 

"I don't think the ladies interested.." Michael said as he joined the 
group behind the racks of comic books.

"Stay out of this American.If you know what's good for you, you'll just 
mind your own business." The man in the dirty shirt. 

"I think I'll just have to make this my business.." Michael said 
crossing his arms and leaning against the racks. 

"If that's how you want it.Ajaka take him." the dirty shirt man said to 
his partner.

"I going enjoy kicking your smug American As..ARRRRRRRRRRRRRR" the man's 
partner screamed holding his face.

Sasami watched as the American moved with a speed she could not believe 
had it not been for his attacker's bloody nose she would have 
sworn he hadn't moved at all. Quickly he delivered three rock hard 
punches to the man's ribs each shot connecting and giving off the 
sound of a rib braking. 

"Shit." the man in the dirty shirt yelled as he watched his friend taken 
out in a matter of seconds turning to run he stopped suddenly as a 
hand grasped his neck in a vise-like gripe.

"Where do you think your going..' Michael asked the man who was 
struggling to breath. 

Lifting the man off the floor he taking off his shades with his free 
hand Michael stared into the face of the terrified man. Michael's eyes 
glowed with their blue jurian energy angrily he looked into the man's 
face and issued a phony warning about how he was being watched and soon 
if he didn't change his ways he would be destroyed. By the puddle that 
grew in the front of the man's pants Michael was sure he believed him.           

"Now get out of here." Michael said putting the man back on the ground 
and placing back on his shades.

"I.I'll get your Ass." The man said rubbing his throat " Yours too.." He 
said looking at the little princess.

The sound of breaking glass got the attention of the shopkeeper coming 
from the back of the storeroom he walked straight into world war three. 
Outside the broken glass window of the store a man laid unconscious and 
covered in blood and shattered glass. 


"AHHH.What did you do to my window." The shopkeeper screamed at Michael 
who was standing over the man his fist clenched in anger. 

" He deserved it..' Michael said turning to walk away from the 
shopkeeper.

"Wait.." Sasami said running up to her rescuer. " I want to thank you 
for saving me.My name is." 

" Stop.look kid I don't want to know you and you definitely don't want 
to know me so lets just forget this ever happened alright." Michael said 
quickly. 

* Even if they are evil I'm about to destroy a entire family.the last 
thing I need to be considered a hero.* Michael thought to himself as he 
walked away.

"Sasami what happened.." Nobuyuki asked as he raced to the little girl 
checking her for injuries. 

"I was attacked but I was saved by this American." Sasami said picking 
up her fallen books. 

" My god.from now on I want you to stay by me and..." Nobuyuki said 
stopping when he noticed the princesses lack of  attention.

"Sasami are sure your alright." Nobuyuki asked knowing he was going to 
get killed by Ayeka when he got home. 

"Yeah lets go.." Sasami said looking up from the American's dropped book 
the title displayed clearly.

" THE ART OF WAR.."

________________________________________________________________________

Masaki Household

" And to think I trusted you..A princess of Juria attacked by mindless 
animals." Ayeka yelled to a cowering Nobuyuki. Powering up her guardians 
she sent him a look that sent shivers down even Ryoko's spine.

"But.But I.." Nobuyuki struggled to explain why he wasn't there having 
enough sense not to mention his distraction with the dirty movies.

"He was busy.and it was only next door " Sasami said sticking up for the 
frighten man. " How was he to know those guys were there." 

"It doesn't matter Sasami.he should have been keeping a eye on you 
especially now that their's this guy running around." Ayeka said fixing 
Nobuyuki with another cold stare.

 "Its ok Ayeka." Tenchi said calmly " Sasami's fine and my father has 
learned his lesson." Tenchi added looking at his father sternly. 

" Yes there is nothing we can do about it now. We have bigger problems 
to deal with." Washu said in reference to their visitor soon to come.

"how do we know he's even going to show up." Ryoko asked " this guys 
been here awhile why would he show up now."

"It is better to be prepared for nothing than unprepared for something." 
Yosho answered wisely.

"Yeah I like to be prepared for anything." Mihoshi said in agreement.

"Then how come your never ready for work.." Kiyone shouted from the top 
of the stairs. "If you don't get dressed this minute were going to be 
late again."

"Huh.Oh no.." Mihoshi yelled looking at her watch and rushing upstairs 
to change.

"You don't think he's come to fight." Sasami asked Ryoko worriedly

"Nah.Its nothing to worry about Sasami he probably won't even come 
here." Ryoko answered claming the little girls fears.

---------------

Nightfall ..Outside in the Masaki forest

Michael and Kagato are busy moving and resetting Washu's traps along 
with a few of their own.

"So what is the meaning of this.." Kagato asked his host who was busy 
hooking speaker wires in another set of trees.

" War tactics.this is going pump extremely loud music all over the 
Masaki land.which in turn will provide us with extra stealth and drive 
them insane."

"Ha.do you actually expect such a pitiful trick to work." Kagato asked 
frustrated.

"Hell it worked in the Korean war and Vietnam.its worth a shot." Michael 
said as he connected the last speaker. 

"Now all we have to do is invite them to our little party." Michael said 
making his way to the house undetected. 

"The key to their defeat is to divide and then conquer." Kagato reminded 
his host as he placed the note over the edge of his razor sharp knife.

"no shit.they only outnumber us ten to one." Michael replied as he let 
the knife sail into the air quickly making his escape as the blade sunk 
into the door.


*THUNK*

"Who in the world is could this be." Tenchi said leaving the living to 
check who was knocking at his front door. Opening front door to 
emptiness he looked towards the trees in the distance wondering who was 
knocking at his door he turns to go back in the house when he notices 
the knife attached to a note. Quickly reading the paper he crumbles it 
in his fist in rage and leaves to tell the others the news.

"Tenchi who is it.." Ryoko asked looking at Tenchi's angry expression.

"Our visitor has just made his presence known..as well as his 
intentions." Tenchi said coldly tossing Ryoko the crumbled paper. 

" what does it say." Ayeka asked turning to Ryoko curiously. Slowly 
Ryoko uncrumbled the note and began to read outloud.

 Masaki family,

 I am sad to say that you have been found guilty of harboring a Demon a 
vile creature which has corrupted you and your ways through no fault of 
your own. 

This Demon Ryoko must and will be punished for the destruction of Juria 
for the stains she placed upon your souls. 

I give you ONE chance to survive my wraith, my purification if you fight 
to defend this Demon I will destroy you then you to will know peace..and 
so will I      

						
"Who in the hell does he think he is," Ryoko shouted fire gleaming in 
her eyes.

"But you have been pardoned for your crimes on Juria." Sasami said 
looking at Ryoko sadly.

" This is a misunderstanding. he believes that Juria no longer exist." 
Ayeka said " As the princess of Juria I should be able to convince him 
of his mistake." 

" Yeah till then we should go get this guy and make sure he doesn't  
hurt anyone." Washu replied. 

Everyone agreed this would be the best course of action and began to 
separate into groups to cover more ground. Michael watched from the 
darkness as the group left the 
house breaking into smaller groups as they entered the woods.
 
---------------------------

Mihoshi and Kiyone entered the forest carefully surveying the area as 
they continued to hunt their Visitor.

" Kiyone I'm scared.." Mihoshi said as she held her gun in her trembling 
hands.

"Mihoshi you are a galaxy police officer you aren't suppose to be 
scared." Kiyone said frustrated at her partner.

"Y..y..yeah I'm a galaxy police person and I'm not scared of anything." 
Mihoshi said somewhat bravely.

HOOT. HOOT

"AHHHHHHH"     BLAM...BLAM  Mihoshi screamed firing her gun into some 
nearby trees  causing her partner to roll on the floor to avoid an 
attack and bring her gun up to prepare to open fire.

"What is it.where is it." Kiyone asked her eyes scanning the tree tops 
for any sign of attack and coming to rest on the sight of a owl with a 
new slightly burnt Mohawk.

"MIHOSHI don't shoot the wildlife." Kiyone said as she got off the 
ground and continued to walk away muttering something about how she had 
the bad luck to get suck with such a partner. Michael witnessed the 
scene undetected from the safety of the nearby treetops  

*Lets take care of the crooked cops first.* Michael thought to himself 
as he watched Kiyone and Mihoshi pass by this hiding place. Forming an 
energy dagger he quickly jumped silently from his hiding place in the 
trees to the back of Mihoshi bringing his dagger up to her throat he 
ordered Kiyone stop and turn around.

" Who are you why are you doing this." Kiyone asked her gun drawn in her 
hand. "don't you know that holding a Galaxy Police officer hostage is a 
major offense." 

"The name is Michael and even greater offenses have been committed by 
you people." Michael said seriously " Last thing I need is for a crooked 
cop to flash her badge so just drop the gun and hand over the cuffs."

"WHAT CROOKED COP.I.I'LL." Kiyone shouted ready to kill the man for his 
accusations.

"Drop the gun or I'll drop your partner." Michael said holding his blade 
closer to a terrified Mihoshi.

"Fine alright." Kiyone said in defeat handing over her cuffs and 
dropping her gun.

"Good now come over here." Michael said as he quickly proceeded to cuff 
Mihoshi and Kiyone together. 

"What no anything but.I kill you hear me." Kiyone said as he applied a 
second set of cuffs so they were fastened face to face. "YOU'RE A DEAD 
MAN MICHAEL."

------------------------
Washu made her way into the lab and switched on her monitors soon she 
thought to herself this chase would be over. Clicking on her cameras she 
discovered nothing.

"WHAT.impossible this whole area is under the supervision of THE 
GREATEST SCIENTIFIC GENIUS IN THE UNIVERSE how could he have taken out 
all my cameras." Washu asked herself in surprise "These were operational 
just three hours ago"

It had been over fifteen thousand years since someone had broken her 
security anywhere and now here on some backwater planet a crazy Jurian 
had done it in under three hours.

"Impossible." Washu said as she tried to get her equipment back online 

"Motion detectors..broken" Washu said outraged " Cameras inoperable." 
She continued " Tracking devices.disabled." Washu clenched her tiny fist 
and punched in one last command "Dang he even took out all my traps" 
Washu said her anger growing along with her respect .

"The man is clever I'll give him that." Washu admitted as she walked 
over to a chest she hardly ever used. Opening the chest she removed a 
Bazooka sized gun that would have made any action hero's Christmas list.

"sometimes even a genius has to get her hands dirty." She smiled as she 
cocked the gun and headed out the door.
-----------------------------

"Why didn't you kill them you had the chance." Kagato asked his host as 
they hunted the other members of the household.

"They were harmless." Michael said pausing to remove the guns he took 
off the girls griping them in his hand he applied enough pressure and 
quickly turned them to dust.

"Besides their unarmed in the woods.and away from everyone else they 
aren't going to be a bother." Michael added pausing as her heard the 
sound of a approaching voice. 

"I can't believe Lord Tenchi chose to find this man himself what if he 
get injured." Ayeka said as she approached with her wooden Guardians.

"don't worry princess prince Tenchi can take care of himself ." Azaka 
said trying to calm the princess.

"He's right your majesty." Kamidaki agreed. "Tenchi did defeat the evil 
Kagato." 

*The Evil Kagato.* Michael asked his host suspiciously 

*LIES.its all lies.* Kagato said trying to defend himself 

*Really so your telling me that the Demon Ryoko went around spreading 
lies about a royal guard she killed in the place.why what would she have 
to gain* Michael asked feeling betrayed.

* She.she spread these rumors to destroy the reputation of the palace 
guards.* Kagato quickly lied 

*Destroy the reputation of the guards to a planet that no longer 
exist.Bullshit.* Michael shouted mentally in anger.   

*You dare call me a liar.your parents did they ever tell you of your 
homeworld. Your general hide his intentions  made you live your life as 
weapon he too lied to you. Your best friend Hector betrayed you he too 
lied to you." Kagato said in outrage " I promised you freedom and 
delivered now you call me a liar." 

"Look I'm sorry alright she just got to me.Lets just take her out." 
Michael said embarrassed.

Ayeka stood scanning the shore from the dock along side of her guardians 
stood ready for any attack. A sudden splash in the water got her 
attention and she turned in its direction walking to the end of the dock 
for a better view.

"Hmm.I wonder what that was." Ayeka said eyes focused on something in 
the distance.

"Azaka. Kamidaki. go see what that was," Ayeka ordered and her two 
servants went to quickly do their master's command.

Under the dock far out of the view of the three Michael came out to of 
the water to breath seeing his distraction work he looked above to the 
princess waiting impatiently for her guardians to return. The sound of 
his energy sword forming unheard he quickly slashed the piers wooded 
beams and moved out of the way before it crushed him. 

"AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Ayeka screamed as she plunged into 
the cold night water quickly she was pulled under by a pair of strong 
hands. Opening her eyes she saw a Jurian the like of which she had never 
seen different color hair and his eyes glowed blue even under the water 
she quickly gathered enough sense to bring up her forcefeild and block 
an attack from the Jurians sword. The silent underwater combat continued 
each thrust and block pushing the warriors closer to the bottom of the 
lake till they reached the murky lake floor. Suddenly the water 
shattered as the two Guardians raced to defend their princess. Quickly 
taking the defensive role Azaka summoned a forcefeild providing the 
princess air and protection. Kamidaki provided the offense and bombarded 
the Jurian with energy attacks weakened by the water.
"Finally." Michael said as the guardians forcefield began to envelope 
the princess "Now for stage two".

Quickly firing a his own attacks of energy at the soft soil surrounding 
the floor of the princess she found herself unharmed but in a freshly 
made pit. Her guardian Azaka's shield still surrounding her and him 
unable move due to tons of fresh dirt weighing him down.

"Can you hear me" Michael shouted to Ayeka as Kamidaki stopped his 
attack to dig out his partner by blasting the dirt off him accidentally 
burying him even deeper.

"How dare you.I'm Ayeka Princess of Juria and you will not get away with 
this insult." Ayeka shouted. 

"Listen I'd love to stay and chat but I have a demon to catch. you could 
have your logs try to capture me but their forcefeild is keeping out the 
water and preventing you from drowning. " Michael said his advanced 
Jurian healing powers and special blood preventing him from drowning 
himself. "So unless you can make the swim forty feet to the surface your 
stuck." Michael added as he left the princess screaming vows of 
vengeance.
   
"Now that was fun." Kagato said as Maverick pulled himself ashore.

"Yeah." Michael agreed as he headed for the shrine area "five down six 
to go."

-------------------------------------

"So tell me again how this happened.." Washu asked with tears in her 
eyes.

"Not if your going to keep laughing." Kiyone responded angrily as Washu 
pulled handcuff key out of subspace and began to unlock their 
restraints. 

"Oh come on you got to admit.I mean I thought you two would last a lot 
longer." Washu said smiling "don't feel too bad though he's a lot 
smarter a regular jurian I mean he did take out my security."  

"Yeah.I wonder how everyone else is doing." Mihoshi wondered aloud
-------------------------

Yosho sat in his temple meditating aware of the world around him to the 
fullest extent possible he blocked Michael's attack without even getting 
off the floor.

"How in the world.." Michael said in shock he thought he had gotten to 
the old man unnoticed and was totally taken by surprise when his attack 
was blocked the old man raised to his feet at a lighting fast speed and 
removed a hiltless sword from under his robes. The sword quickly flashed 
to life and a blade of blue energy arose from the hilt turning quickly 
to a battle stance Yosho asked the Jurian his name.

"Michael Evens.and I already know who you are Yosho." Michael said as he 
copied Yosho's stance.

Yosho studied his opponent after a minute of watching Michael he asked a 
question that quickly spring to mind. 

"You've never used a sword before have you." Yosho chuckled. 

"What you mean with another person.well no" Michael said hesitantly "I 
mean how can you train with a sword that can cut through damn near 
anything." Michael said slashing the sword around wildly at Yosho who 
blocked his every attack without trying. 

"Have you ever considered training with a wooden sword till you were 
good enough to use that one." Yosho said ducking a rather lousy swing 
and delivering his own slicing Michael's shoulder. Yosho looked at the 
wound healing before the blood even hit the ground. 

"Amazing.you are definitely unique." Yosho said as he delivered a strong 
right handed punch with was caught. "hmmm. quite fast." Yosho commented 
delivering a kick to the exposed underarm of Michael causing his the 
drop his fist in pain. "However all your strength and speed is nothing 
with out skill.

*Kagato how are we going to beat this guy* Michael asked worriedly. 

*Damn it man have you any fighting skills what so ever* Kagato asked 
frustrated at his host inability to fight with the sword.   

*Not with a sword..* Michael said back to his partner 

*Fine than clear your mind * Kagato said as he began to feed Michael the 
skills he learned about swordplay.

Michael closed his eyes and Yosho stopped his attack surprised that a 
man would leave himself that unprotected in the middle of a fight.

"Michael do you yield.." Yosho asked curiously.

Michael's eyes suddenly opened and his stance changed he seemed more 
confident forming a bigger energy sword in his hands he took a fighting 
stance that stuck Yosho with frightening  memories of the past 

"KAGATO." Yosho said as he ready his sword and prepared for serious 
combat

"He's here.." Michael said pointing to his head with his free hand "and 
he's given me the skills needed to defeat you." 

"Don't listen to him.he's a liar a monster." Yosho said raising his 
sword in the air.

"He told me you would say that.." Michael said as he began his attack. 

Quickly the two combatants flew across the room at a incredible pace 
swords flashing through the darkness of the temple. Out of breath Yosho 
looked towards his challenger who was quickly gaining back his strength 
his opponent was younger than him and possessed a greater strength and 
speed than any Jurian he ever encountered but all that was less of a 
threat then the mind currently sharing his body. The man Kagato had been 
a more than a equal match for him in the past now his skills were passed 
to a new generation. He knew this was a fight he could not win but maybe 
he could buy Tenchi and the others some time.

  "ARRRRRRRRRRRRRHHHHHH" Yosho yelled his war cry ringing off the temple 
walls as he began his final attack.

----------------------------------

*So Why didn't you kill this one* Kagato asked warily 

*He'll be out for awhile..* Michael said in his defense as he left the 
shrine.



Washu, Kiyone, and Mihoshi  made their way to the broken dock and peered 
down below.

"Do you know what caused this" Kiyone asked the scientist. Washu looked 
down at one of the support beams floating by the burn marks on it 
clearly visible.

"No but I got a pretty good guess." Washu answered "And who ever do it 
was trying to put someone in the lake."

"Do you think it was Ryoko" Mihoshi asked.

"Might have been those are burn marks made by a energy sword." Washu 
agreed "But theirs only one way to find out.whatever was on this dock 
before it was destroyed is probable still down there." 

"Well their only one way to find out." Kiyone said looking at the dark 
water 

SPLASH 

"JUST YELL IF YOU FIND SOMETHING" Kiyone shouted to her partner as 
Mihoshi broke to the surface.

" That was mean Kiyone.." Washu said sternly "I wanted to push her in." 

------------------------------------


Tenchi walked through the woods dressed in his Jurian battle suit 
Lighthawk sword in hand ready for anything all night he heard the 
screams of his family echoing through the trees but as fast as he raced 
to get them he never found anything silently he cursed this new visitor 
and wondered if his life would ever be normal.

" All right you can come out now." Tenchi said turning around to the 
sound of a snapping branch. 

" I was just checking to see if you were all right." Ryoko said as she 
faded in.

"Have you seen anyone else." Tenchi asked.

" Mihoshi and Kiyone are cuffed up when I last saw them.thought I'd let 
them stay out of the way for awhile." Ryoko laughed to herself before 
turning serious "He got your grandfather.he'll be okay just 
unconscious." Ryoko continued sadly "I don't know how Washu and Sasami 
are doing." 

"Their safe in the house with my dad." Tenchi said not as confident as 
he was before the night started. 

"Tenchi I'm.you know that if anything happens to you." Ryoko started 
only to be cut off by Tenchi 

"I know Ryoko.your all my family I don't know what I'd do if I lost any 
of you either." Tenchi said quietly

"That's just it Tenchi.I know exactly what I'd do if I lost you." Ryoko 
said hers eyes turning to a burning red she looked towards a figure in 
the distance.

"Boy get away from that Demon" Michael shouted igniting his energy sword 
soon his mission would be complete and he could rest.

"She is not a demon.." Tenchi shouted charging the figure with Ryoko at 
his side her own energy sword springing to life. Michael halted as the 
figures closed in the distance between them rapidly raising his free 
hand his removed a small device from his shirt pocket pressing down the 
button he released a stream of music so loud Tenchi fell to his knees 
Ryoko also not expecting such an attack smashed into the ground with a 
tremendous crash as the background air filled with the incredibility 
harsh beats to the MORTAL KOMBAT  techno track.

"How appropriate." Kagato mused as the music filled the night air.



"What in the universe." Washu said as she helped pull Ayeka from the 
lake the music she heard loud enough to surprise her and cause her to 
drop Ayeka back in.

"Uh.sorry." Washu said to a cursing Ayeka.



"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"  Tenchi yelled covering his ears.

Ryoko over the sudden shock reformed her energy blade and began to fight 
Michael each stock of the blades connecting corresponding to the music 
in the background like some twisted ballet. 

"You got to admire a villain who bring his own theme song." Ryoko said 
blasting a volley of energy blast in Michael's direction only to have 
them disperse on his forcefeild.

"We have waited a long time for this." Michael spoke through clenched 
teeth. "You can't defeat us Ryoko you shall pay for your sins."

Tenchi meanwhile had gotten back to his feet his head pounding he tried 
to summon his Lighthawk sword to join the combat but could not. 

"Damn.can't  concentrate ." Tenchi said as the music overwhelmed his 
senses. "For Ryoko.for everyone I care for I must concentrate." 

The music and fight continued both getting more intense as time passed 
till the music ceased Washu finding the source had destroyed it.

*What why did the music stop * Michael wondered * It had another two 
minutes left*

*You mean to tell me your secret weapon would have only lasted three 
minutes.* Kagato shouted.

*Well yeah to tell you the truth I didn't expect to survive that long* 
Michael shot back deflecting another swipe from Ryoko.
 
Tenchi finally gathering his wits engaged the lighthawk wing and thrust 
himself into the battle. In order to compensate for the extra attacker 
Michael formed a second sword out of energy and began to battle with 
Tenchi while Kagato kept him up to date on Ryoko. 

*This shit isn't going to work.* Michael thought to himself as he ducked 
a swing from both Tenchi and Ryoko their sword connecting inches above 
his head with a loud clang.

 *Trust me it will * Kagato said assuredly * I know all of Ryoko's moves 
I trained her myself.*

"YOU WHAT" Michael shouted causing Ryoko and Tenchi to monetarily cease 
their attack.

" WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU TRAINED RYOKO." Michael shouted outloud confusing 
the hell out of everyone.

* I guess the game is over* Kagato laughed * Yes Ryoko is mine I may not 
have created her but I made her.what you see before you my warrior.*

"Tenchi what's wrong with this guy" Ryoko asked as she looked at Michael 
as if he just sprouted wings and changed colors.

"How should I know.but lets just see what he has to say." Tenchi said as 
he noticed the man had stopped attacking.

" Your warrior..you.you are responsible for the destruction of Juria." 
Michael shouted." Kagato you bastard." 

"KAGATO." Tenchi and Ryoko shouted together in surprise. Raising her 
sword Ryoko rushed forward to strike only to be stopped by Tenchi. "No 
lets see where this goes." Tenchi said holding Ryoko back.

" You fool Juria is not destroyed it is alive.and by your very hand its 
princess lies at the bottom of the lake." Kagato shouted triumphantly.

Michael, Ryoko, and Tenchi listened in shock. The words spoken through 
Michael's mouth were in Kagato's voice.

"What..yes I 'm taking over." Kagato shouted through Michael's terrified 
lips.

"Now you shall feel the power of the Jurian Nova." Kagato said as the 
air around him began to turn blue.

"Oh crap.." Ryoko said looking at Tenchi "this isn't that the thing 
Washu warned us about the lighthawk bomb" Ryoko asked worriedly

"It might be" Tenchi said raising his sword for an attack "We got to 
stop him". Tenchi shout getting Ryoko's attention.

"FOOLS.." Kagato yelled as their blades passed through the mist 
surrounding his body disintegrating instantly. "NO ONE CAN STOP 
ME....THIS IS YOUR DEATH EMBRACE IT." Kagato continued inflating his 
ego.

"I will stop you.." Michael shouted as he tried to regain control. The 
air around his returned to normal and he hit his knees " YOU UNGRATEFUL 
BOY..AFTER ALL I'VE DONE FOR YOU." Kagato shouted to his host. Taking 
back control Kagato turned back to Ryoko and Tenchi who were confused at 
what to do igniting their swords they prepared to fight. 

"Now where were we." Kagato said as he concentrated on forming the nova 
only to have no results. 

"Damn wasted to much energy the first time." Kagato said pissed off  "It 
looks like I'm going to have to do this the old fashion way." He growled 
as he formed a energy broadsword and began to fight.

Kagato's skills provided him little equal in his former life now infused 
with extra speed, strength, and abilities never possessed before he was 
a unstoppable force. Tenchi and Ryoko had both attacked at the same time 
each of their attacks more furious and vicious then the last yet none 
drawing blood. 

"You don't really believe you can win." Kagato laughed as he shot a 
blast of energy at Tenchi catching him in the chest and sending him 
sailing into the trunk of a nearby tree.

"TENCHI." Ryoko screamed shooting Kagato with a barrage of energy blast 
which deflected on his shield harmlessly. " You never give up do you my 
puppet." Kagato said deflecting a swipe from Ryoko's sword and returning 
with one of his own slashing her across the chest making her fall to the 
ground. 

"And now my puppet..to cut your strings." Kagato laughed as he brought 
up his sword and prepared to finish her off.

"KAGATO YOU HAVE NO TIME FOR THIS..DESTROY THE BOY NOW." Tomikin's voice 
echoed through Kagato's head.

"Yes my Godesses." Kagato said as he made his way to the helpless boy 
only to find he was not alone standing before him stood his one obstacle 
to finishing his masters wishes standing over the body of Tenchi was 
Sasami.

"Why.why are you doing this." Sasami asked her hero from the mall tears 
in her eyes falling on Tenchi's body.

"Foolish girl.." Kagato said as he raised his sword "Do you honestly 
believe I would not go through you." Kagato scowled as he brought his 
sword down inches from Sasami's face. 

"What the.huh. " Kagato said as he felt himself lose control. 

"You won't hurt her.." Michael said fighting for control "You are a 
Demon Kagato a lying murder and I want you out." Michael shouted 

Sasami watched in awe as the man who save her in the mall fought to 
regain control of his soul before her eyes. Amazed she didn't even 
notice as the rest of the group caught up to her.

"Sasami what's going on." Ayeka asked looking at the body of Tenchi 
lying strewn across the ground. 

"That's the bastard who locked us up." Kiyone said as she prepared to 
fight. 

"NO.. that's the guy who saved me.he's possessed by Kagato." Sasami said 
causing them all except for Yosho and Ryoko to take step back in 
surprise.

"Amazing." Washu said pulling out a strange device and pointing it at 
the Michael as he literally fought with himself.

*Sasami.you can help him * Tsunami said though their mental link * You 
can use my power to save him.*  

*How* Sasami thought back and listened as Tsunami taught her how to 
exorcise demons.

Michael watched as Sasami approached him struggling against the combine 
strength of Ryoko, Yosho, Mihoshi, Kiyone, Nobuyuki, and Washu he tried 
to free himself. The Sasami walked up to him and held his face in her 
hand speaking a long dead language she brought to him shades of pain he 
never experienced before tearing Kagato from his body and mind.

"AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRR" Kagato screamed as he landed on solid ground looking 
up in disbelief he realized the impossible he was alive again. Looking 
at the hatred in the groups eyes and that in his former host he realized 
it was not to last.

"I'll take the boy with me." Kagato screamed as her summoned his evil 
green energy sword and raised it to strike down Tenchi who was just 
getting to his feet. Everyone watched in slow motion as Tenchi weakly 
raised his Ten-kin to deflect the sudden attack the force of the blow 
pushing the blade of the weapon down and leaving him open for the 
killing blow while Everyone raced to his rescue.

"Nooooooooooo" Michael shouted as he charged Tenchi pushing him out of 
Kagato's range taking the blade of the through the chest painting the 
ground blue with blood from a wound that would never get the chance to 
heal.

" Why.why did you take the hit." Tenchi asked bending over Michael fast 
dying body while Washu tried desperately to save him.

" I..can't.go.on.living.when.life.is.a.lie" Michael said between his 
last breaths.

"Kagato you animal." Tenchi said standing holding his hands before him 
he summoned the lighthawk sword. Kagato quickly brought his bade around 
only to have it snap on the purity of one of the lighthawk shields.

"It ends here.." Tenchi said as he drove a lighthawk blade into Kagato 
chest.

"AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH" Kagato screamed as life once again drained out of him 
at the hands of this boy inside his head a dark voice told him of the 
pains that awaited him for failing his mission. 

"Washu will he be alright." Tenchi asked as he looked at the pale body 
of Michael lying on the grass. 

"I don't know Tenchi I really don't know.." Washu said as her robots 
began to carefully place the body on a stretcher. "He's finally is at 
peace though.such a shame he's so innocent so beautiful reminds me a lot 
of Ryoko they've been through a lot of the same stuff." Washu said as 
she walked back to the house.

*Yeah no matter what happens now life is never going to be the same* 
Tenchi thought to himself as he made his way home.

				To Be Continued ?
------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------

Well that completes my first fanfic hope you enjoyed reading it if so 
let me know and maybe I'll continue thanks for staying with me this far 
though. As always comments/criticism and any other response will be 
appreciated got to know what you think if I'm ever to get any better.

  
