Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo or any of its characters, places,
ideas, etc.
A/N: Sasami is around 12 in this fic.
JUST A RUNAWAY
Chapter one
Mitsoru ran across the small stream, his mud splattered boots splashing in
the water. He brushed his short black hair out of his eyes, and tried to
remember the way back to his shelter.
        "He's up ahead! Don't let him get away!"
        'Damn,' he thought. 'I've got to get away!' He tried to figure out
why they
were chasing him. He was wanted on several other planets for stealing and
occasional acts of piracy, but not on this one. 'For some reason the guards
are touchy, not to mention everywhere! It's like they're searching for some
one.' He leapt over a fallen tree branch. 'I haven't done anything that's
put me on the wanted list for a long time!'
        He continued to run. Finally, he stopped and sighed. 'I've lost
them. Now,
to find Serouti and get...' He stopped. From underneath a pile of branches,
stuck out a hand. 'They're looking for a kidnapper? Looks like they are too
late in any case.' He felt a little sick. 'Dead people are defiantly not my
thing.' He turned to go, but a groan caught his ears.  He spun back towards
the piled branches. 'So he's alive. The guards will find him...but...'
Curiosity got the best of him and he softly walked over and started removing
branches. He was half way through to the body, when it groaned again and sat
up, scattering the branches.  Mitsoru found himself face to face with a
blue-haired girl. She yelped in surprise, and he fell backwards, landing
rather painfully on his butt.
        The girl looked at him with wide pink eyes. Somewhere in Mitsoru's
brain he
knew that was a strange color, but he was too shocked to say anything. Her
electric blue hair was tied up in braids, and she wore traveling clothes. It
was obvious she was rich from the clothes she wore.  The thing that caught
Mitsoru's eye was a symbol on her forehead. It was made of two triangles
forming a larger triangle that pointed towards the ground.
        "Who are you?!" they both asked at the same time. Mitsoru played
with the
idea of telling her his real name, but decided against it. 'Rich people
can't be trusted.'
        "My name is Karrun."
        "My name is Luu." He studied her for a moment.
        "You're not telling the truth."
        "Neither are you." She looked back at him, but her eyes betrayed her
brave
attitude. A small layer of fear lay in her eyes, but Mitsoru felt it was not
all because of him.
        "Why is a rich girl like you doing in the middle of the Juraian
Woods?" She
shifted uncomfortably.
        "Camping." She said shortly. He grinned at her.
        "Ten miles from the nearest town, without a tent, or supplies?" She
looked
at the ground.
        "I lost my supplies." She answered softly. 'A bit of truth there.'
He
noticed. He stood up, brushing of his pants. 'Like that does a lot of good.'
He looked down at her. 'She's only about 13.' He laughed to himself. 'Like
you're much older Mitsoru.'
        "Let me guess. You're some runaway." She looked up at him in
surprise. She
then looked back at the ground, and nodded.
        Shouts could be heard. Both of them looked towards the source of the
calls.
The girl looked frightened. Mitsoru looked down and held out his hand. The
guards could be heard crashing through the underbrush. She stared at his
hand.
        "Do you want to get caught or get away?" He demanded. She grabbed
his hand
and he dragged her away from the guards. *SEROUTI!!!* He called out on the
telepathic string that held him and his ship together. *WE NEED TO LEAVE
NOW! WHERE ARE YOU?* He was quickly sent a mental map, and he pulled the
girl towards his ship. When the large black ship was in sight, the docking
ramp was let down, and he dragged her in, and ran to the control panel.
        "Serouti! We must leave now!" Serouti immediately began lifting off,
for he
had been getting ready since his partner had called.
        As soon as they were in space, and heading away from Jurai, Mitsoru
turned
towards the blue haired girl, who had not moved. Serouti spoke up.
        "Mitsoru, who's that?" Mitsoru sighed. *Way to go Sero. You gave
away my
name.*
        *Sorry* The girl slowly smiled. "So I was right. Your name is not
Karrun."
        Mitsoru nodded. "Okay, so I did lie." Serouti spoke again.
        "Like that's anything out of the ordinary." Mitsoru sweatdropped.
"What is
your name? Mine's Serouti." The girl smiled and lightly touched the wall.
        "My name is Sasami." She waited a second, then sighed, almost with
relief.
        "Okay, we know each other's names." Interrupted Mitsoru. "I did just
save
you from getting caught, so I deserve an explanation about why you are
running away." Sasami gulped a bit.
        "O...okay." With this they both sat down, and Sasami began.