Standard Disclaimer: The characters appearing within are the property of AIC

and Pioneer, and are used without permission. Please don't sue. I am not
making any money on this, and it's done out of love for the show.

Thanks to Bryan Weber for not saying anything about me taking his disclaimer

and of course M.C.L. to all the Juggalos and Ninjas reading my stories,
Psychopathic Records and all my freaks.

Hell is not the hot zone of darkness but the coldest place of a mans own
hart.

A stone cold killer with no soul and total devotion to his master and the
mission. That's what Lucifer needed in a knight so Azazel was the natural
choice. Brother to Chadow the former Knight of Darkness Azazel was trained
in
many fighting styles with many weapons including firearms and hand to hand
combat. A creature with red glowing eyes and long blonde hair he could
strike
fear into the heart of any man, women or child. With no morals or question
of
his masters judgement he was sent onto the earth to find the newly revived
prisoner of hell Jynx and kill his love Kyone as Lucifer was growing weary
of
being alone and had somewhat of a fancy for her delicate looking frame and
what way to have her than to have her dead and in hell for eternity? Azazel
entered the living world in the coldness of space blinded by the stars he
lay
floating for close to a half hour. As soon as his eyes adjusted he floated
the near by planet of! ! Jurai to reek some havoc. After a quick slaughter
using
his weapons of choice, a simple pistol and an old rusty axe he soon found
himself to be in good blessings for at that moment both his targets arrived
to Jurai.

~"Jynx, I've found you at last. I hope you know you are to be killed so
you can return         home". "Don't be sad though your little girl friend
is
coming too, Lucifer wants her to be his bride forever".~

^"I don't think so Azazel". "Heh seems like we got similar missions".
"I'm to kill you in the name of the lord"! "So when you die tell Lucifer he
can never have Kyone"!^

+"Jynx what's going on"? "Who's this guy"? "Who's Lucifer"? "Tell me
something"!+

^"Azazel is Lucifers knight and Lucifer is Satan's true name"."It seems
that I have a fight on my hands"!

As the two demons made their way to each other Jynx opened his scars to
reveal huge
bat-like wings that spanned from just above his head to his knees. Azazel
also made a small change, a small circle appeared around him and he too
gained wings but his were of flames created by the circle around him.
Jynx quickly drew his silver sword and Azazel whipped out his gun and axe.
It
was at about this time that Mihoshi awoke from her "travel-nap" and stepped
out of the ship only to meet a brutal battle in the making.

="What's going on here"? "Kyone who's that guy"?=

Before Kyone could utter a word to her partner she was struck in the side by

one of Azazel's bullets. She fell over bleeding all over the ground. A cheap

shot by the knight may have ended a life full of promise. Luckily Mihoshi
ran
to Kyone's side and dragged her onto the ship for protection. Jynx stared at

his fallen love in horror and anger. The knight wasted no time advancing on
his cowardly move by charging at Jynx as fast as he could and slashing at
Jynx's arm with his axe. Oddly enough Jynx's arm was removed with shards of
muscle, bone and skin dangling from the stub that was now his right arm. He
turned with the sharp sense of pain that now was running through his body
and
swung his sword only to glance Azazel's back. Even though it seems like only

a little damage was done to Azazel the gash on his back was enough to
destroy
his wings for a few good days. The match was now about even but Jynx was
still on the losing si! ! de. As the blood from Jynx's arm flowed like a
dammed
river and he was losing strength fast. Jynx charged to the sky to gain some
advantage but Azazel countered by emptying a clip from his gun into Jynx's
wings. The now mangled warrior had only his magic and sword to relay on...he

was pretty much defeated. An injured Kyone lay in the ship slowly dragging
her self off the vehicle to the battle site. Upon reaching the fight Kyone
drew her blaster and took a desperation shot at Azazel's head. The bullet
connected and went right through his head to no avail.

+"What"? "No"! "No you should be dead...you should be dead..."+

="Kyone"? "Kyone where are you"?=

^"Kyone!! Run! Your gun wont work he wont feel it"!^

In horror and shock Kyone laid still weeping into the ground at her mistake.

She then realized why Jynx never pulled the gun he was issued by the
Galactic
Police. There was a reason for the silver sword Jynx wore at his
side....silver was the answer! Azazel's bullets were silver and so was his
axe! A rusty silver but silver none the less. Azazel now made his way to
Kyone for the kill and thus completing half of his mission. He now stood
over
Kyone with an evil grin upon his face and his eyes glowing with all of Hells

fury. He reached his fists to the sky and in a terrible scream swung down
with all his might in an attempt to crush Kyones skull when a streak of
light
cut the air and Mihoshi stood only a couple feet away, tears in her eyes and

reading Azazel his rights. Even though the distraction bought Kyone a second

of life he again resumed the hammer like stance now with axe in hand and
another streak of light cut the air a! ! s well as Azazel's hands clean off
his
wrists. Jynx stood battered and beaten but not defeated. Grinning at his
attack Jynx gave a cold, low laugh and then took a quick stab at Azazel to
make his kill. Azazel now fell dead at the side of Kyone and at the feet of
Jynx. His black oily blood oozed from his mouth and onto the ground to burn
the grass below. However Azazel had one last trick up his sleeve. With his
last ounces of strength he muttered ~"I'm sorry master".~ and then shot
Kyone
in the cheast at point blank range. She then laid dead along with Azazel.
^"NOOOO"!^

%"Kneel before me Jynx and Mihoshi for the lord doth speak"%

^"Why"? "Why was Kyone scraficed"?^

%"Because she loved you Jynx and gave her life for you". "Now my child it
is time". "You are now free of Lucifer, come into my kingsdom".%

^"No".^

%"Are you sure, we could use a knight like you in Heavens forces".%

^"Could we make a deal"? "I'll agree to enter Heaven when I die if you
bring Kyone back from the dead, she doesn't deserve this".^

%"I will bring her back but if I do you must sacrifice your entrance to
paradise". "Agreed"?%

^"Yes".^

%"Then so it shall be".%

A clap of thunder rolled across the planet and Kyone opened her eyes.

+"What happened"? "Did we win"? "Why do I feel like nothing happened to
me"?+

="KYONE"!!! "YOU'RE ALIVE AND HEALED"!! "WOW GOD CAME OUT OF THE SKY AND
OFFERED JYNX TO ENTER HEAVEN BUT HE TURNED IT DOWN FOR YOUR LIFE AND NOW HE
HAS TO WALK TO UNIVERSE FOREVER AND HE DID IT ALL FOR YOU KYONE"!=

+"What"?+

^"Kyone I....I love you and I would of given up heaven for you
anytime...I don't want you to have to go through what I had to". "I love
you".^

As Kyone embraced for wounded lover this chapter of the story would seem to
have ended but what of Azazel?

~"Master please I tried I really did, I killed Kyone but for some reason
she didn't come here honest".!

$"Enough"! "Azazel you have failed me and now you must pay". "You are to
be skinned alive over and over again for all eternity and your brother
Chadow
will now take your place and will kill Jynx and Kyone for me"!$
To Be Continued........Next: Chadow
