Standard Disclaimer: The characters appearing within are the property of AIC

and Pioneer, and are used without permission. Please don't sue. I am not
making any money on this, and it's done out of love for the show.

Thanks to Bryan Weber for not saying anything about me taking his disclaimer

and of course M.C.L. to all the Juggalos and Ninjas reading my stories,
Psychopathic Records and all my freaks.

***

Trust is a idea for fools and sometimes the smartest men are
fools.

One year has passed since the incident with Jynx, Kyone, Mihoshi and the
demon Azazel.
One year since the trauma of death was lifted from Jynx and he gave up
paradise for Kyones' life.
As we all know a lot can happen in a years time and for our heros and
villains this is no less true. Eventually Jynx met Tenchi, Sasami and the
rest of Kyone and Mihoshis' friends and even built himself a small house a
few miles away from the Masaki household. After a little bit the scientist
Washu became intrigued by Jynx's mental and physical prowess so of course
took him on as a experiment. Soon enough all the tests Washu could think of
performing were completed and she decided to take Jynx on as an assistant
even though she was accustomed to working alone. Even though she preferred
to
be called "Little Washu" Jynx simply called her professor or professor Washu

and she just called him Jynx or affectionately "Kid". Sometimes we would be
there in her lab for hours or days on end and Kyone became more and more
suspicious that maybe Jynx was cheating on her with Washu. She usually
decided she was just paranoid and that Jynx wo! ! uld never leave her for
Washu
because they loved each and Washu looked like she was 12, but in response to

her dismissal she reminded herself that Washu had a very impressive adult
form that she might try to seduce him with. I guess this wouldn't be much of

a story if it was just Jynx, Kyone and Washu would it so I'll introduce the
new character Chadow. Chadow was once the Knight of Darkness which is the
highest level a demon could wish to be in hell but was denounced when his
younger brother Azazel died and went to hell and took his place as the
Knight. Now that Azazel has been fired in a manner of speaking Chadow was
once again appointed the Knight of Darkness and was assigned by Lucifer to
complete the mission that Azazel could not, to kill Jynx and Kyone.

Chadow was a real sight to see, he was very pale but had a lot of build
and strength. He wasn't much of a fighter despite his strength but he used
his special abilities very well. He could swing his short blonde hair to
create a kind of aroma that would bring any women to her knees with
love(Don't ask me to explain that one) and could simply as his name suggests

turn himself into a shadow and sneak into any place despite and system of
protection that was used. He was once Jynx's friend in his life but was
forced to become his enemy in death by the evil plans of Lucifer.

On one particular evening Kyone was becoming more than suspicious and
decided to go visit Jynx at the lab. Much to her surprise Jynx wasn't
cheating with Washu but more passed out in a small room on a cot. Washu
walked up behind Kyone almost scaring her half to death.

"You think something is going on between Jynx and I don't you?"

"Um..no, not at all. I trust you both to keep your relationship as
friendship
and not sexual."

"I hope so. Kyone Jynx is a good person and he does love you and I don't
think he'd ever be unfaithful to you."

"Thanks."

As soon as he heard Kyones voice he arouse from his sleep and walked over to

the young ladies who were now laughing softly about the situation.

"Hi Kyone, what's up?"

"Nothing just checking up on ya"

"Oh well here I am."

"Well you two don't seem to see each other enough. Jynx go ahead and take
the
rest of the night off I can finish up here."

"You sure professor?"

"Yeah no problem."

"Thanks. I'll see you tomorrow bright and early professor!"

"Have fun."

The couple left the lab and quickly made their out of the house hold only
stopping to say a quick "goodnight" to everyone they passed in the Masaki
house. They then took a long walk around the country talking about the
adventures Kyone had with Tenchi and her friends. As the then dark sky grew
darker still a pair of red glowing eyes appeared out of the trees. Kyone
looked up at the glowing shapes but was only scared for a short second.

"Hello Ryoko." she said in a very calm manner.

"I'm not Ryoko." the eyes said and then they slipped down out of the tree to

hover above the ground and then take shape.

"Chadow!"

"Yes Jynx it's me."

"Why are you here?"

"Lucifer sent me here to kill you both, but I don't really want to."

"Is that to say you won't or just that you don't want to?"

"I don't know yet, I'm really just here tonight to announce my presence."

"Well we know you're here so what are gonna do now?"

"Leave...come back tomorrow and tell ya what my plans are."

"Fine. We'll see you tomorrow."

In a instant the form turned back into a pare of eyes then disappeared all
together.

"Who was that?"

"Chadow. Remember Azazel? About a year ago we killed him and he was assigned

by Satan to kill us?"

"Yeah, how could I forget. It was just about the same time you came back."

"Well he's Azazels older brother and another Knight of Darkness."

"He's here to kill us?"

"Yup just like his brother."

A wave of fear then passed over Kyone and she almost fainted on the spot.
Jynx walked her back to her house and let her get some sleep. He told her
one
thing before he left and that was that if she or Mihoshi ever see Chadow or
his eyes either for real or in their dreams to let him know right away no
matter what hour it is. He also told her to go to the lab if their were any
problems or messages from Chadow, he didn't feel right letting Washu as
capable as she was finishing up her work all by herself. So she went inside
and told Mihoshi what had happened and what Jynx had told her. When Jynx
arrived at the lab Washu was still working as hard as ever on her
experiments
so Jynx tried not to make too much noise.

"I thought I gave you the night off."

"I hope you don't mind. I just didn't feel right leaving early. Besides we
kinda had a problem on our walk so it wouldn't of turned out to be the
romantic evening I envisioned. She almost fainted."

"From what? What happened?"

"A demon named Chadow appeared and let us know that we might have to fight
him tomorrow."

"Need any help? Been a while since I've been in a battle. I'm sure the
others
will help you guys out as well."

"No I don't want to put any of you in danger. Could you do me a favor
though?
Could you keep Kyone here if there is a fight?"

"Sure but why? Doesn't she want to fight him?"

"I don't know and I really don't care. If things go the way I think they
will
we'll have our fight in hell. I don't Kyone or anyone else to see what I had

to see."

"I understand."

Through the night the two worked and slept only a few hours before a
disturbed and scared Kyone called the house.

"Hello? Hello?"

"Hello? Who is this?"

"Tenchi? It's Kyone. Please quickly check Washu's lab. Is Jynx there?"

"Hold on a sec I'll check."

As Tenchi went to search for Jynx in the lab Kyone became more and more
impatient as time wore on. Tenchi reached the lab door in a matter of
seconds
but it felt like forever to Kyone. Washu invited Tenchi in but he just left
the message that Kyone was calling for Jynx. He of course didn't hear Tenchi

for he was in the far end of the lab working on an experiment.

"Hey Kid, Kyone's on the phone for you."

"Alright thanks. I'll just take it on the video screen here"

As Jynx brought up the screen a vision of Kyone with a grim, dark claw over
her neck was displayed and he started to shout at the screen.

"Chadow! What are you doing? I kinda figured you'd have at least honor
enough
to fight me like a man!"

"Hey Kid what's going on? Why are you yelling?"

"Heh, Jynx you wouldn't understand. I'm not a man anymore I haven't been a
man since I became a demon! I'm taking your little girlfriend to hell with
me. You know the portal in right? Meet ya there!"

The screen closed with a picture of Chadow laughing menacingly and Kyone
screaming. Jynx hated himself for not being there with Kyone.

"What or who was that?"

"Chadow. He's kidnaped Kyone and I don't know what he's done with Mihoshi."

"Well then looks like your going to need my help after all!"

"No! I already told you I don't want any help, I don't think anyone would
appreciate going to hell even for only as little while."

"Fine Kid go and get yourself killed again it's your life."

"Right, if I'm not back in a day, Kyone and I are most likely dead."

"Gotcha, want me to at least check on Mihoshi?"

"If you want to."

At that he took off towards a secret portal to hell and even though Jynx
told
her not to come she went ahead anyway and got Tenchi and Ryoko to come with
her as she followed Jynx to the mysterious underworld. He arrived at the
spot
just before they did. Jynx then tilted his head back and removed his jacket
to reveal his scars on his back. He then took in a deep breath and opened
his
wings, a sight he others were amazed to see. Even though Washu knew he had
huge scars on his back and one on his arm she never would of guessed they
would hold a purpose. All most out of the blue a bright light started to
grew
from the upper tips of Jynx's wings and a purpleish portal was opened.

"Hey Jynx nice trick, wheres it go to?"

"RYOKO!"

"Relax Tenchi we need to get in and it doesn't seem we can without him."

"What are doing here? Washu I said I didn't want you guys to come here."

"Yeah well we decided we felt the need to help our friends anyway."

"....fine but I warned you."

At this the 4 warriors entered the portal to only enter a dark hallway with
a
set of stairs at the end.

"Welcome home Jynx."

"EPION!"

"Been a while, nice to see you again. What are doing here? I heard you got
away."

"Yeah I did but Chadow kidnaped my friend so I had to come back."

"Wow a real demon! I'm Washu and this is Ryoko and Tenchi."

"Hello, I'm Epion."

"Tell ya what Jynx, I'm kinda gettin' sick of Azazel and Chadow running this

place with a silver whip so I'll do what I can to help. I'll get K he'll
help
too. Also I can tell ya some stuff, Lucifer has really kicked up security in

this place since you got away. Now the fear chamber can only fit one person
a
time and everyone has to use it to get to hell now."

"What? You mean we're not in hell now? Where are we then?"

"Well Tenchi we're in a hallway that leads to hell. Kinda like limbo"

"Let's go already!"

So with that Epion and Jynx lead the three companions down the hallway and
too a small room with glass walls and doors.

"Here we are. The fear chamber. Only one can go in at a time but the walls
aint tinted yet or sound proof. "

"I'll go in first."

A door slip into the ceiling and Jynx walked into a room with no way out. A
shadow appeared right in front of him which later turned into Kyone, all
slashed up like an animal got to her. The "dead Kyone" stood up and walked
towards her lover and tried to kiss him but he backed up before she could.

"You let me die. Why? I thought you loved me."

"I do Kyone but your well not real."

As oddly as the endeavor began it ended with "Kyone" disappearing. One by
one
all the party members faced their worst fear. By the time they had all
finished this task they were greeted by a scared man with little skin on his

face and arms.
"Azazel?"

"Yes it is I, how do I look?"

"Like shit!"

"Quiet Ryoko."

"Well I'll tell ya what your precious little girl looks good....good enough
to eat! Hahahaha!"

"You wouldn't!"

"How much are you willing to bet boy? Tisk tisk Jynx bringing the living
into
here and rude ones at that. Oh well more meat for the fire I guess."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"We have a tradition here, I'm really surprised Jynx or even that creep
Epion
didn't mention it. We like to take beautiful young girls down here, rape
them
then eat them alive. We happen to love it but as soon as our teeth take off
pieces of their arms they freak out."

"Wha..."

Sadly Washu never finished her thought at that second Chadow and another
demon grabbed her and Ryoko and disappeared completely.

"Ryoko!!"

"Ha. Looks like we won this round huh Jynx. Well if you and your little
friends really want them back come to the chapel, we start our ritual in an
hour and our meal in an hour and a half."

In a quick burst of fire Azazel vanished.

"We need K. This is gonna be harder than I thought."

"Follow me."

After about a 15 minute walk they arrived at a small hole in a wall.

"K?"

"Yeah who's their?"

"Epion and Jynx."

"Jynx? No man he's gone."

"No I'm, I'm here man."

"You stupid fucking idiot what are you doing here? You were free! Get out
while you still can!"

"Some demons kidnaped our friends and we need to get them back, we can't
leave without them."

"Who's this now? Looks like a living person that's gonna be dead if don't
hold his tongue."

"Look K you gonna help us out?"

"Nope, don't wanna make Lucifer mad."

"What if I said I could get you both out?"

"Then I'd help ya. Can ya do it?"

"Sure."

"Well we a team again?"

"Yeah."

"K, Tenchi. Tenchi, K"

Another 15 minute trip had to be made to reach the path for the chapel. Even

though K could get their almost instantly he paced with the others. A half
hour passed before they reached the chapel.
It took them another 10 minutes to get in through the thorns, fire walls and

bramble.

"Seems like were too late."

"Not yet."

As they reached the chapel door they saw a disturbing sight. Ryoko, Kyone
and
Washu in her adult form were chained to a brick wall by their hand suspended

about 2 foot off the ground naked as they days they were born.

"Hell yeah. Yo Jynx which ones your girl?"

"The one on the left."

"Nice."

"Yeah good job Jynx."

"Shut up you guys, lets go."

The 4 approached the demons but for some reason Tenchi was held back by some

strange force.

"Dead only boy."

"It's alright Tenchi we'll take care of these guys."

"Know something Jynx even though Lucifer wanted Kyone for his wife we don't
care she's ours now. We gonna rape her every night if we decide not to kill
her!"

The two three man teams paired up with who they were going to fight and soon

the battle begun.
A grueling battle was on for near a half hour before a blow was delivered.
As
Jynx fought with all his might to once again bring Azazel down his sword
wouldn't connect past Azazels axe.
K used his speed to try to get some hits on Chadow while Epion fought the
unknown demon.
K jumped back and leaped at Chadow only to meet the wrong end of his silver
whip. K went flying back and in a surge of pain screamed. As he regained his

footing a long crooked scar was placed upon his face. Epion was standing
still for a long time just staring at the demon and very quickly the demon
found himself in the air by force of Epion's telekinesis powers. Slam after
slam was delivered to the unknown demon as he was finally thrown into a
broken pew that went right through him slicing him in two. In K and Chadows
fight a kill was soon made as K reached for one of his knives in his back
pocket and lost his left arm for his troubles. With what he had left he used

to a great level throwing his knife at Chadow's head and impaling him on a
wall. As k and Epion regrouped they made an attempt to get involved in
Jynx's
fight but were instructed to stay back no matter what. Jynx made a swipe
with
his sword slicing Azazels stomac! ! h and drawing a little blood. After that

Azazel responded with a deadly swing of his axe breaking Jynx's sword into
three parts. Now without any weapons Jynx seemed pretty much dead. Azazel
made a stiff kick to Jynx's chest knocking him down and hitting his head on
a
pew. Azazel bent down and picked up a piece of Jynx's broken sword and put
his knee to Jynx's chest holding the sword just behind his shoulder ready to

stab Jynx in the face.

"Jynx I must say you really got some kind of girlfriend. Yeah that's right
she was mine and she was good to the last drop."

"Fuck you!"

"Ha, what's a matter do you think she tried to resist? Not at all. She
begged
for more every second and confessed to me that one never made love to her.
She loved it, she loved it and you know it. You would have been better off
if
you did cheat with the pink haired women. She would have too, she would have

cheated with you but no you had to stay with Kyone. Boo-hoo."

"So what? I love Kyone and even if you kill me a hundred times I won't
forsake her."

"Pity."

Azazel pulled the sword shard back further and prepared for the kill when K
tossed Jynx an extra knife from his back pocket and Jynx ran Azazel's black
heart right through. Pushing the dying demon off his chest he and his
friends
ran to the chained women and released them. Although they were all naked
none
of them seemed to mind as much as to get out of their. The group made their
way back to the portal doorway as fast as they could and stopped and turned
to K and Epion.

"You guys coming with us?"

"No, we'd rather stay here than be homeless on Earth."

"So? Come live with me at me house. I got extra rooms."

"Really? We wouldn't be a bother or anything?"

"Of course not."

"Besides Epion I kinda like ya and it'd be a shame never to see you again."

"....Washu."

The portal closed behind them as K looked behind them at hell for one last
time. Kyone and Jynx walked to her house with Jynx's wings covering her
completely and Epion and K went to Jynx's house for the night as Washu
joined
Epion and Tenchi made his way home with Ryoko.

"Hey Kyone....is what Azazel said true?"

"Some of it...I didn't resist but that's because I really couldn't."

"You wanna?"

"Wanna what?"

"You know....."

"Yeah...I do."

Well that's how the story ends....kinda sucked huh? Well it's my first time
actually writing so BACK OFF!!! Oh anyway (hehe) Kyone and Jynx shared a
love
that would last until Kyone's death and the same went for Washu except Washu

for some reason lived forever like the group from hell. Sasami eventually
hooked up with K being that he was only like 10 and she was 8. So as ya
probably guessed Kyone and Jynx finally made love but I'm not gonna get into

that unless I get some requests to make a lemon with my characters and the
Tenchi characters. Also email me at Epionzero666@aol.com and let me know
what
you think of my characters any feedback good or bad is great. And here is
some info on my stories: "Jynx", "Epion" and "K" are all names that were
created by someone else.
Jynx is a nickname I got from wrestling for a city team in Michigan. Epion
just sounded good so I used it and K is short for K-Kwik a wrestler in the
WWF who impressed me with his in ring ability and rap skills plus K-Kwik
sounds really phat. I know I used a lot of biblical stuff in my stories but
it just made the story flow better. Also I know that Tenchi and Ryoko didn't

have very big roles in my last story but oh well who cares? C ya Much Clown
Love to all and peace!
