Standard Disclaimer: The characters appearing within are the property of AIC

and Pioneer, and are used without permission. Please don't sue. I am not
making any money on this, and it's done out of love for the show.

      Thanks to Bryan Weber for not saying anything about me taking his
disclaimer and of course much clown love to all the Juggalos and Ninjas
reading my stories. Oh and if anyone wants me to write a story of any sort
about any partcular Tenchi character meeting one of my original characters
send me a line. And of course this is dedicated to all Anime fans, writers,
Psychopathic Records, Jaimee, Nick and Craig and my own bad self.

**
      Death is the one thing all men fear. A thing of no escape...for some.

The Galactic Police HQ Lab remains silent nearing the 18 hour mark, Kyone
rushes to Mihoshi in anticipation and worry. While catching her breath Kyone

asks if she's too late. Luckily for her Mihoshi tells her she's not. The
"Jynx Project" hasn't ended yet and will most likly never end. Of course
Kyone is happy about this news....perhaps I should mention what the "Jynx
Project" is and what it has to do with Kyone. Jynx was a great fighter and
mage who lost his life to a strange virus almost three years ago. Kyone and
Jynx had a very strong relationship and were deeply in love. The "Jynx
Project" is a test made by the Jurai Royal Family for military purposes so
the Galactic Police were more than happy to agree. Kyone has always been
opposed to the project but she sadly dose not hold a high enough rank to do
anything about it. As we all know Kyone's luck rivals that of a rock's so
almost as soon as she heard that the project! ! has not yet been a success a

cheer arose from the lab and the announcement that Jynx has arose from the
dead. As soon as word was passed to Kyone and Mihoshi a single tear rolled
down Kyone's soft check and crashed unto the ground. Only to make matters
worse for the young officer her partner Mihoshi was as happy as a clam to
hear the news. Although Mihoshi saw that Kyone was fighting to hold back her

tears she still went ahead and asked what the problem was, of course Kyone
only broke down and started crying. One week later Kyone missed the whole
week of work and finally returned to the "good" news that she and Mihoshi
were assagned to keep an eye on Jynx. The officers made their way to Jynx's
room which was very cold and depressing but still had a fair amount of light

coming in through a small window. Mihoshi tried to wake Jynx to no avail but

eventually he did wake. With a yawn he quickly covered his eyes with his
hand
wha! ! t light did show in the room was still too much for his eyes to
handle.
"Hello, how was your night?" Said Mihoshi in her own kinda mind numbing way.

Jynx was slow to reply "Jynx, I slept fine if that's what you mean."
Meanwhile Kyone was standing agaisnt a far wall with her hands covering her
mouth and soaking up her tears.

Even though she made no noise Jynx still sensed their was someone else in
the room other than Mihoshi and himself. "Who's there?" He said. "Oh that's
my partner Kyone" said Mihoshi.
"I knew a girl named Kyone once...before I died." Jynx said in a sorrowful
sort of way. "I really loved her but I have a feeling that I will never see
her again." A god five to ten minutes of silence passed when Jynx decided to

stand. A rather strange sight to see, he had a thin frame but he wasn't to
the point where he was bony, he had long raven black hair that reached down
to the end of his neck which usually was either tied back or combed back. He

was rather tall, about 6'5 and probably weighed about 210 pounds. Oddly
enough he had 2 long slender scars on his back that were almost pitch black
as well as a scar on his arm that was of some strange symbol, it was
obviously carved in his arm. As soon as Jynx stood he asked Mihoshi and
Kyone
to leave the room. They complied and he joined them in outside the lab after

he got dressed. He wore a pair a tinted sunglasses to block out some of the
sunlight which now was very bright.! ! He stood still for a moment staring
at
the ground while his eyes focused. As soon as they did he looked up to
observe Mihoshi for the first time. "Hmmm, my you look lovely." He stated in

a very nonchalant manner.
At those words Mihoshi somewhat blushed and looked away. He turned his head
to face Kyone and almost instantly his jaw dropped. "Ky...one?" Jynx said.
She once again had tears on her face and smiled. Kyone gave a soft, short
laugh and Jynx embraced her in his arms for the first time in almost three
years and softly whispered in her ear "I thought I'd never see you again."
While he was holding her Kyone remained silent except for the occasional
sigh
of relief. After about fifteen minutes of hugging they all once again made
their way down the halls. Kyone and Mihoshi had orders to bring Jynx to
chief's office for debriefing. As they made their way into the office the
chief stood to greet them all and bid them to sit. He claimed that Jynx has
been dead for three years even though they all knew that already and that
Jynx would have to make a few statements to the Jurai royal family and that
Kyone and Mihoshi were to be his escort! ! . Much to Jynx's dismay he had to

retire his trademark pure silver rapier for a blaster. Even though these
were
the orders Jynx still brought his sword and the gun. A long trip was made to

Jurai and of course Mihoshi had a lot of questions. Jynx told of what it was

like to be dead. He told of his own personal Hell that only he and Lucifer
"The Prince Of Darkness" could enter and leave.
He told of how it was pitch black with only one candle to last for eternity
and how he was forced to sleep on a cold, hard cobblestone floor. He told of

how his hell was a small box like room with nothing but a candle, a chair,
and books. Thousands of books filled with spells of the dead. He explained
the long, black scars on his back and how he got them, through a horrible
curse put upon all people entering hell, at will he could open the scars to
bring forth a pair of huge bat-like wings. He told of how a minion named
Azazel was rumored to be walking the Earth for a scent of blood. He told of
how he spoke to God himself and was told to find Azazel and kill him.

To Be Continued......Next: The Jurai Council

            By: F.T.W.
