Standard Disclaimer: The characters appearing within are the property of AIC

and Pioneer, and are used without permission. Please don't sue. I am not
making any money on this, and it's done out of love for the show.

Thanks to Bryan Weber for not saying anything about me taking his disclaimer

and of course M.C.L. to all the Juggalos and Ninjas reading my stories,
Psychopathic Records and all my freaks.

******************************************************************************

Ayeka sits in her bed staring at the ceiling thinking to herself.
"*thinking*I guess it's alright that K marries Sasami but it's just not that

easy and she knows that.
I'm older than she is...I'm supposed to be married first. She's flagrantly
breaking the traditions of our people! I simply can't allow that, but how am

I supposed to tell that to Sasami without hurting her?"

Mourning came bright and early with the usual events. Sasami making
breakfast
and waking up Ryoko and Tenchi so they wouldn't miss their meal. She still
couldn't believe that K asked her to marry him. She was so happy but she was

very sad at the same time. She knew she was breaking the traditions of Jurai

but what could she do....Ayeka may never marry so she could never marry K.
The though of that brought a tear to her eye as she left the house to hang
the laundry. Normally K would be over to help her with her chores but he was

away with Jynx and Epion. They recently got jobs with the Galactic Police as

part of a special unit designed for assassin work and infiltration missions.

So he would be gone with his friends and Kiyone and Mihoshi for a few days.
Around then Ayeka came out and saw that Sasami was about to cry.

"What's wrong Sasami?"

"Nothing...."

"Sasami....."

"I don't know what I'm gonna do Ayeka! If I marry K I'll be married before
you and that goes against the ways of Jurai!"

"....yes....well I don't know what to tell you Sasami...I think this is
something you'll have to figure out for yourself.....I'll leave you alone
for
a while...if you need to I think you should go live at K's while he's gone
to
think it over."

"Ok Ayeka...if you say so."

Days passed very slowly until K and his friends came home from work with
Mihoshi and Kiyone.
When they arrived it was very late and Sasami was asleep in K's room. By
then
Jynx and Epion moved back in with their wife and girlfriend, yes Mihoshi
lived their too. Jynx and Kiyone had retired to their room while Mihoshi and

Epion went to their rooms. K came in a little after the rest of them
carrying
Washu in over his shoulder. She was totally passed out and Epion asked K to
carry her in for he got shot in the arm on their mission. K lied Washu on
the
couch and went to his room for the night. The room was dark and he could
hardly see in front of him so he certainly couldn't see Sasami already in
bed
so like ever night K got into his beater and shorts and got into bed. About
then Mihoshi walked in.

"K? Are you there?"

"Huh...yeah what is it Mihoshi?"

"Where's Washu?"

"Living room...go away...let me sleep."

"Ok sorry....hey who's there?"

"Wha...just me as far as I know."

K reached aver and felt that someone was in his bed.

"Mihoshi do me a favor....close the door and don't open it unless I really
need some help aight?"

"O..ok...what are you going to do?"

"Most likely whip ‘em dead."

"Ooo I don't wanna see that."

Mihoshi left the room and stood outside the door waiting for the sign to
come
in gun blazing.
Meanwhile K reached for a drawer in his room where he kept his knives. He
walked up slowly and silently placing his knife behind the persons head. He
reached over to pull the perpertraitor over to get a better look at their
face but he accidently grabbed one of Sasami's breasts and she let out a
faint moan. At that he pulled his hand back and leaned over to get a view of

her face realizing that it was Sasami...he smiled and lightly kissed her on
the cheek.

"Sorry Sasami...see you tomorrow."

K walked out of the room and told Mihoshi what happened. He told her that it

was just Sasami. Since Washu was sleeping on the couch and Sasami took K's
room and Epion gets really cranky when woke up he didn't know what to do
except to sleep on the floor or propped up against a wall in the kitchen.

"Where are you going to sleep?"

"I guess the kitchen."

"Um...you wanna sleep in my room? I got an extra bed."

"...yeah thanks."

"Welcome."

Well even though nothing was going to happen it was still the first time a
boy had been in Mihoshi's room so she was kind of excited and even a little
sad because she knew nothing was going to happen.

"Night Mihoshi. Thanks again."

"Goodnight...your welcome."

K rolled over to face the wall and fell asleep pretty fast and like Mihoshi
it was kinda had to wake him up without simply dropping a pound of lead on
his face. Something around an hour passed and Mihoshi was still awake. She
started thinking about how K was in her room and how hard it was to get him
awake in the morning. She started thinking how it wouldn't really be a big
deal or wrong to kiss him while he was sleeping then she started thinking
about...well other things she could do to him while he was sleeping. She
started to move in quietly. A trait she picked up form hanging around with
Jynx and Epion. She kneeled down beside him leaned over and lightly brushed
her lips against his. Then pulled away. She sat down on the floor for a
minute thinking about what she just did. It felt good for her and she didn't

have the least bit of regret. She slowly walked over to the other side of
the
bed and put her hand on his shoulder to try to stop him form rolling over in

his sleep and kissed him again. Her kiss lasted a long time she then undid
her night shirt to reveal her tanned breasts. She began to lightly moan as
she kissed him. In the other room Sasami heard the moans and woke up. She
got
out of bed and went into Mihoshi's room to see what was going on. She walked

in to see Mihoshi who now had her shirt totally off sitting on the edge of
the bed kissing K passionately. Sasami started to cry.

"HOW COULD YOU!??"

Mihoshi suddenly realized that Sasami was watching her and the K woke up.

"Wha...HOLY SHIT!!!"

Sasami started to cry and ran out of the house. K started chasing after her.

"SASAMI....SASAMI..IT'S NOT WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE!"

Washu and pretty much the rest of the house woke up and joined K outside the

house. Everyone except Mihoshi. She was in her room sitting on the floor
crying at what she had done. She put her shirt back on and clutched her
knees
to her chest crying into them.

"What's goin' on here?" Jynx asked in a somewhat angry tone.

Epion walked up and pushed K. He was about ready to stab Epion in the gut
for
touching him but he remembered how he gets late at night. Kiyone walked up
behind K and put her hand on his shoulder.

"What happened?"

"Nothing...just nothing...you guys go back to sleep...I'll see ya'll
‘round."

"Yeah, where do you think your going?"

"To find Sasami."

K took off very quickly in the direction he saw Sasami run off to.  Jynx and

Kiyone looked at each other and walked back in the house to go back to sleep

when they heard the sound of someone crying. Kiyone walked into Mihoshi's
room to find her still curled up in a ball on the floor.

"Mihoshi what happened?"

Mihoshi told the story to Kiyone which needles to say she didn't enjoy
telling. She was ashamed of her self for what she did.

"Well Mihoshi....K's gone and so is Sasami. Happy? I don't really think
we'll
see either of them again. I think Sasami will run off until she can't keep
going or leap off a cliff or something and K will simply never come back."

Mihoshi cut her off every so often in her sentence with soft and sad "no"s.
Kiyone went back and told Jynx what happened. He didn't say anything to
Mihoshi but the next few days when ever she tried to talk to him or explain
herself he just gave her hard stares of anger. Three days passed and neither

K or Sasami was to be seen. A week after that K did find Sasami passed out
under a tree. She was alright but very exhausted from her travels. K sat
down
next to her and put his arm around her and pulled her close. Sasami woke up
and started screaming for him to let her go and how she wished him dead
eventually she stopped yelling but kept crying.

"How could you? Huh? How could you do that to me? I loved you. I thought you

loved me."

"Sasami...I do love you. Look we all got home..."

K told her the story as far as he could. He told of how she was in his bed
and he didn't want to wake her or sleep with her before they were married
and
how Mihoshi offered him the extra bed in her room and then he told of how he

woke up and chased her and then found her sleeping under a tree.

"Sasami I would never do anything to hurt you. What do I have to do to prove

that to you?"

Sasami didn't know how to answer that. She just fell into his chest and
started crying again, harder than ever. They made the walk back to the house

together and finally arrived early one morning. Oddly enough Ayeka was
there.
Sitting in the kitchen with Kiyone and Washu.

"Hello everyone." Sasami said in a very silent tone of voice.

"Sasami...where have you been? You get away form my poor little sister!"

K backed up and joined Kiyone and Washu. Ayeka consoled Sasami and was
infuriated with K. She was convinced that Mihoshi just made her story up to
protect K. She stormed up to K and started poking him hard in the chest.

"You should be ashamed of yourself! Getting a poor girl like Mihoshi to..to
strip for your enjoyment and then get her to lie about it just so who could
still be around for next time!"

K's eyes began to glow as Ayeka continued to poke his chest. He spread his
wings and reached for a knife. She then stepped forward putting her weight
on
him calling his bluff. He quickly put his arm across her collarbone and flew

into a wall holding the blade to her throat and held her fast to the wall
and
lifting her at least two feet off the ground. Kiyone, Washu and Sasami ran
over as fast as they could and grabbed onto his arm with the knife. Ayeka
was
now trembling with fear then he started to smile grimly. He pulled the knife

back and lifted all four girls high in the air and realized what he was
doing. His eyes stopped glowing and he sat everyone down. He bent his head
down to face the ground and in a burst of flames he was gone. Everyone was
silent and Sasami made her way to K's room once again and fell asleep on his

bed. When she awoke K was sitting next to her on the bed. He was facing away

from her and was actually crying.

"....K."

"Sasami..I...I'm sorry. I shouldn't be here. I've caused too much trouble.
You deserve better than me. Go back to sleep."

Sasami started to sit up in protest but K grabbed her shoulders and gently
laid her down and stroked her hair until she fell asleep. He grabbed a bag
and threw his knives in it as well as some clothes. He left the room without

looking back to Sasami. Just before he reached the door Mihoshi was standing

there looking at him with tears in her eyes.

"Don't leave."

"Mihoshi....let me be."

"Don't go! I love you!"

"Heh....I love Sasami, she loves me, you love me. How ‘bout you give that
shit to Tenchi. At least he's used to it by now."

"I...."

"Save it..tell everyone I say goodbye."

K stepped out the door only to see Ayeka and Yosho.

"Yes?"

"K....as much as I don't want to believe it the facts seem to point to the
idea that you cheated on Sasami with Mihoshi and have disgraced both our
family names."

"Cheers. Yosho I'm leaving alright. Don't worry about it."

"No that's just not good enough."

Yosho drew his sword and used it to motion to K's bag. He knew he kept his
knives in it and was basically challenging him to fight for honor.

"You wanna fight?"

"It is the only honorable thing I can think of."

"You win."

K started to walk away when Yosho pulled his sword back and swung at K's
side
and connected.
A large gash was now on his stomach and was bleeding an awful lot. Sasami
ran
out side to see Ayeka now become involved in the battle. She brought her
spear back and K sent a quick kick under her chin knocking her out cold.
Yosho once again brought his sword back and once again K made no attempt to
block or dodge the blade. Now both sides of his gut were gashed open and all

Sasami could do is watch in horror.

"Why won't you fight?"

"Don't worry I will."

By now all the members in both houses were outside watching Yosho deliver
astonishing blown to K and watch K just take the shots and not react at all
or make a move for his weapons. Yosho was growing impatient and pulled his
sword back one last time and ran K through. K stepped forward and spit out a

little blood.

"Now Yosho. It will end."

"K! Do something!!!"

K then for the second time that day spread his wings but still made no move
for his knife. Instead he reached toward to sky and a bolt of lightning fell

in between his hands. Yosho pulled his sword back to swing for K's neck.
Right before he could swing the bolt hit Yosho in the chest. He almost died
but still lived. K however died of blood loss three days later while walking

away form the two houses. As he left he only said two things.

"Let that be a lesson Yosho. Sasami.....I'll always love you, but don't
cry...I'll be back."

K was buried in shallow pit just outside his home. About a month later his
grave was found dug up in the early morning and every so often Kiyone, Jynx,

Mihoshi, Epion and Washu say they see him standing over Sasami when she
sleeps. Then he turns to them, and sometimes smiles, sometimes cries or
laughs and then disappears in a burst of flames.

-Well, well, well is K dead or is he still around? I think Jynx said
somewhere that it's kinda hard for them to die since they were already dead.

Oh well I guess it just goes to show ya that true love conquers all even
death itself. Nice...I thought that was most likely the best story in the
K-Ronicles. Now it's time for the traditional Hardy-Har-Har! Next I plan on
writing a series about Epion but it may only be 1 part. Bet that makes
everyone who reads my stuff happy or maybe a Lemon about Jynx and Kiyone or
K
and Mihoshi or Washu and Epion but the Epion/Washu Lemon is very doubtful.
Hardy-Har-Har have a nice day!
