
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
      N O R M A L I Z I N G   A N D   A N N E A L I N G
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Artist:  3 Doors Down
Track:  "Kryptonite"

I took a walk around the world 
To ease my troubled mind 
I left my body laying somewhere 
In the sands of time 
I watched the world float 
To the dark side of the moon 
I feel there is nothing I can do, yeah 

I watched the world float 
To the dark side of the moon
After all I knew it had to be 
Something to do with you 
I really don't mind what happens now and then 
As long as you'll be my friend at the end 

If I go crazy then will you still 
Call me Superman
If I'm alive and well, will you be 
There holding my hand 
I'll keep you by my side 
With my superhuman might
Kryptonite 

You called me strong, you called me weak,
But still your secrets I will keep 
You took for granted all the times 
I never let you down 
You stumbled in and bumped your head, 
If not for me then you would be dead
I picked you up and put you back 
On solid ground 

If I go crazy then will you still
Call me Superman
If I'm alive and well, 
Will you be there holding my hand 
I'll keep you by my side 
With my superhuman might
Kryptonite 

Yeah!! If I go crazy then will you still 
Call me Superman
If I'm alive and well, will you be there 
Holding my hand 
I'll keep you by my side 
With my superhuman might
Kryptonite 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

	"They call themselves K'vimm," said the scientist.  He and four colleagues sat in the Shrine 
office, in front of Yosho's desk. facing the Crown Prince.  Behind him stood his grandson, an 
expressionless mask pulled over his face.  "They come from a neighboring arm of the galaxy.  We know 
little about them, although the GP probably does."
	"Can you think of any possible reason for entering a restricted area, and attacking a 
science station?" Yosho asked.
	"We cannot think of any reasons, Your Highness.  The buoys about this system conform to 
treaty standards.  We noticed that they remained cloaked except during the actual attack; that 
bespeaks a certain adherence to the Conventions."
	"Possibly, or perhaps simple expedience -- cloaked ships are harder to detect."  Yosho 
sipped his tea, and regarded his neighbors.  "Were there any serious injuries?"
	"A few broken bones, and one minor concussion.  Already attended to.  More disruption was 
done to Funaho's salvage operation than to any personnel.  Much of our equipment was damaged or 
destroyed."
	"And Funaho?"
	"Some of her roots were extracted prematurely.  She will recover quickly enough.  A minor 
setback of a few weeks at most."
	Yosho nodded, aware of Tenchi beside him.  He turned to look at his grandson.  "Do you have 
any questions for our visitors?"
	Tenchi slowly shook his head.
	The spokesman for the group turned to Yosho.  "Your Highness, should we initiate our 
evacuation plans?"
	"No," Yosho replied.  "If your station had been the target, the K'vimm could have simply 
bombed it from high orbit.  I believe that they wanted Funaho.  You should repair the damage and 
proceed with your efforts.  I will talk to the Admiralty about an increased naval presence."
	They bowed, visibly relieved, and exited the office.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

	T<Ryoko>
	R<Tenchi?!>
	T<Yes, it's me>
	R<Are you awake?  Of course you're awake.  How can you reach me this far out?>
	T<I have....changed.....grown.  Ryoko, you are in danger, turn around immediately>
	R<Huh?  Are you kidding?  Another hour and we'll be close enough to blast that ship to 
         atoms!>
	T<Another hour and you will likely be surrounded.  That ship is leading you into an ambush>
	R<How do you know?>
	T<I can sense them ahead of you.  Turn around *now*>
	R<You're sure?>
	T<Yes.  Very sure>
	R<Do you know who these creeps are?>
	T<They are called the K'vimm, and they are not inhabitants of Jurai space>
	R<Uh, oh....>
	T<What is it?>
	R<I just had Ryo-ohki do a long-range scan.  There's a dimensional doorway opening ahead of 
         us>
	T<Get out of there, Ryoko.  Now!>
	R<Ok, ok , you've convinced me!>

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

	Tenchi stepped around the desk, but did not sit down.  "There are more of them."
	"You know this?"
	"Yes.  Ryoko has seen a dimensional doorway opening out beyond Mars.  I fear she is being 
lead into a trap.  Mihoshi is in-bound, and is liable to run into the same threat.  And there is 
another group of human ships out near Pluto.  I don't know who they are."
	"More than likely a Juraian Naval task force, sent to provide you and your family with an 
escort if the need arises.  And I think this definitely qualifies as a 'need.'"
	Tenchi started for the door.  Yosho followed him outside.
	"I must help Ryoko and Mihoshi, before I can look for Ayeka."
	"How can you reach them?"
	"I have a way, but I am extremely reluctant to use it.  I have only seen this Power 
manifestation used once before -- by Kagato."  Tenchi stopped at the bottom of the wooden steps and 
looked at his grandfather.  "I know how to replicate it.  But I am afraid that if I do, I will be 
taking one more step down the path that he trod."
	"A sword is just a tool, Tenchi.  It is the man that wields it who decides whether it fights 
for justice or chaos."
	Tenchi nodded.  There really wasn't any choice: the lives of his family mattered more to him 
than anything else.  Even his own future.  He backed away from the steps, summoning his Power.  The 
Emblem flashed into visibility, blazing even in the late afternoon sunshine.  He gestured and the 
Lighthawk Wings shimmered into existence, hovering in their Y-shaped configuration.  His Lighthawk 
Armour appeared as well, shimmering as it settled along his contours.   His mind manipulated the 
underlying patterns, and the Wings began to stretch, merging into an amorphous shape that rapidly 
englobed him.  
	Yosho stood on the steps, watching anxiously as Tenchi encased himself in the blue-white 
cocoon.  And then he gasped as the cocoon rose silently into the air, receding at an ever-increasing 
velocity.  It vanished into the azure sky, just as Kagato's traveling sphere had once vanished after 
abducting Ryoko.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

	Ayeka sat on a bench that ran the length of the transport's cabin.  On either side of her 
sat two of the chitin-covered, multi-limbed creatures.  They were armoured and armed, and they 
refused to answer her questions.  Across the aisle sat three more of the aliens, all as stoic and as 
silent as her benchmates.  She stewed quietly, knowing that this short-range vehicle was incapable 
of taking them very far.
	In fact, in less than 15 minutes the forward hatch irised outward, and she was escorted down 
the ramp and into a large room filled with desks and chairs and antique (to her, anyway) computers.  
The room was unlit except by the light filtering in through the windows.  The source of the 
illumination came from surrounding buildings, and from a level well below the windows, so she 
assumed that she was in an office tower in one of Earth's larger cities.  And since it was nighttime 
here, and had been day-time in Japan, she had to assume that she was now somewhere on the far side 
of the planet.  She heard the mechanical whine of the rising ramp, and a slam which must have been a 
door closing.  She kept her mounting panic tightly reined.
	"Welcome, Princess Ayeka!"  The vaguely-familiar voice came from the shadows along the back 
wall, and a figure ignited one of the desk-mounted lamps.  The glow spilled upwards in a weak cone, 
but it was enough to discern a hooked-nose and pink-tinged locks above Juraian robes.
	"Lord Seriyu!"
	"How flattering that you remember me, My Dear."  He stepped out of the shadows, approaching 
her slowly.  Ayeka simply tilted her head and crossed her arms, apparently unimpressed and 
unintimidated.  "I trust your journey here was not too unpleasant?"
	"Of course it was unpleasant.  Who are those creatures?"
	"Business associates of mine, actually.  They are called the K'vimm.  Not very appealing to 
look at, I agree, but definitely proficient at what they do."
	"And what do they do -- kidnapping and assault?"
	"Yes," he feigned a sigh of resignation.  "Accomplished thieves and pirates, too, when they 
have the need to be."
	"That's close enough," Ayeka growled.  Seriyu stopped, surprised.  "What could possibly 
interest such scavengers in the Sol system?  This is a protected area, technically and socially 
primitive.  It is much too distant from the trade routes to be of any strategic value."
	Seriyu recovered his courage, and stepped closer.  "It has two redeeming qualities, Your 
Highness: you are here, and so is your brother's Royal Tree."  He reached for her.  Ayeka casually 
intercepted his right hand, gripped two of the fingers, and bent them backwards.  The slender, 
seemingly diminutive woman suddenly revealed her enormous strength.  Seriyu gasped audibly, rising 
onto his toes and arching his back in an effort to ease the pressure on his fingers.
	"Before you attempt anything dramatic and completely stupid, I will call your attention to 
just how easily I can break these repulsive digits of yours.  I realized aboard that transport that 
you have shielded your facilities against my Power Attributes, but I am far from helpless.  In fact, 
I have had some interesting lessons on self-defense -- like this one, for instance."  She punched 
Seriyu squarely in the stomach, using her native strength and the leverage from the twist of her 
waist, to send him staggering into the wall, gagging and gasping.  She watched his eyes for the 
shock to wear off, and the inevitable anger to appear.  He lunged at her.  She intercepted his 
functional left hand, passed it in front of her centerline, and buried her elbow into his exposed 
bicep.  As he howled in pain, she extended her arm and struck the right side of his face, again 
using the torque generated from her hips.  His head snapped sideways, and she used his locked left 
arm to push him backwards just far enough to raise her right leg and stamp-kick him in the stomach.  
He collapsed noisily.  "That was another interesting facet of my education.  Never punch the head -- 
there are too many fragile bones in your hand.  Better to use the palm or the ridge.  My teacher is 
quite thorough, don't you think?"  In response, he made several retching noises.  "Good.  Now, why 
would my brother's Royal Tree be of any interest to you or those K'vimm?"
	Seriyu struggled to his feet, all the while watching Ayeka cautiously.  Then he grinned 
viciously.  "The K'vimm want the Royal Trees.  In fact, they are even now attacking your planet.  
They intend to tow the Royal Trees back to K'vimm space, and empty the Royal Arboretum."
	Ayeka kept her face impassive and her voice steady.  "Well, it's easy to guess who has been 
supplying them with privileged information, isn't it?  And what do you get out of this arrangement?"
	"You, of course.  And since you will be the only surviving member of the Royal Family, that 
makes you the Crown Princess.  And after we are married, then I will be the new Emperor, and *my* 
family will start a new dynasty!"
	Ayeka yawned.  "You will find that the Royal Trees will not be so easily subdued.  And as 
for my family --"
	"Your family will be eliminated with comparative ease," said another voice from the shadows. 
 "And I have already provided the K'vimm with a way to neutralize the Trees."  The figure that 
stepped from the shadows was a woman.  In her youth she had been tall and silver-haired, 
soft-skinned and golden-eyed.  But now she was stooped with age, and her beauty had succumbed to the 
weight of years.  She walked with a cane.  And she held a gun.  "My son devised an elegant method 
for binding a Royal Tree, and even tested it effectively on Tsunami.  Most impressive.  And as for 
your family....well, I do believe it's time to terminate the House of Jurai."
	Seriyu stepped forward and reached for Ayeka again, confidant of the gun held by his 
companion.  Ayeka promptly illustrated the failure in his logic by jerking on his right hand.  He 
was momentarily unbalanced, and he shuffled his right foot forward to compensate.  She slipped her 
left leg behind his right knee and looped her left hand over his extended right arm.  And then she 
bent her knees, sank her center of gravity, and snapped her arms apart.  Her left hand propelled him 
over her left knee, and he dropped to the floor with a muffled *thud*, his head rebounding off the 
carpet.  "And yet another lesson from my teacher, on the dangers of over-confidence."
	"Ju...just who is your teacher?"  Seriyu stammered.
	"My husband!" Ayeka replied proudly.  She turned to face the elderly woman.
	The old woman cackled.  "Your Highness, I have to confess that I admire your style.  Now, 
please stop molesting my partner and step onto that platform over there."  She gestured with the 
pistol at a gap in the desks, where a glowing dais two meters on a side hummed quietly on the 
carpeted floor.
	Ayeka crossed her arms and tilted her head.  "I need to use the Ladies Room."
	"Such recalcitrance will get you shot, Princess."
	"And an injured hostage is not only lower in value but requires higher maintenance."
	The old woman yielded, nodding minutely.  "Very well.  It's the second door on your right."
	Ayeka started for the door and stopped, turning to face Seriyu.  "Don't you *ever* attempt 
to touch me again, vermin."  The 'or else' was unspoken but implied.
	After Ayeka had left the room, Seriyu staggered into the nearest chair.  He glared after the 
Princess.
	"Good luck trying to tame that one," the old woman said.
	"There are some truly marvelous drugs available, that will make her cooperative if not 
actually compliant.  Besides, she only has to live long enough to complete the wedding ceremony.  
Afterwards, she's disposable."
	"She's pregnant, you know."
	Seriyu stared at her.  "How do you know that?"
	"I scanned her.  I don't like surprises."
	"Well, well, well.  There might have to be an abortion in the near future.  Or the fetus can 
die with the mother.  An interesting decision."  His lips stretched into a humorless rictus.
	The door opened and Ayeka returned, her haughty demeanor undiminished.  "Thank you, " she 
said to the woman, and then stepped onto the indicated platform.
	The woman withdrew a small keypad from her robes and pressed a combination of buttons.  A 
forcefield shimmered into existence around Ayeka.  Ayeka settled onto the platform, kneeling quietly 
in apparent meditation.
	Seriyu grumbled irritably.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

	Tenchi had been right, of course.  He was usually right.  If she had delayed that scan any 
longer she would have sailed right into the K'vimm squadron.  There was a time she would faced such 
odds with a glint in her eye and guns blazing; but now she had too much to lose.  The very thought 
of never seeing Tenchi again filled her with deep dread.
	Ryo-ohki, like most objects in the universe, simply could not stop on a coin.  It took 
power, and it took time.  And if she had attempted the maneuver, the K'vimm vessels pouring out of 
dimensional doorway -- enjoying a zero velocity advantage -- could have easily accelerated and 
overtaken her.  Bad Move on her part.  Instead, Ryo-ohki had altered course into a wide, cometary 
orbit, pulling away from the K'vimm on a vector Ryoko hoped would discourage any pursuit.
	No such luck, however.  The ship she had been chasing began decelerating almost as soon as 
Ryo-ohki had changed course.  Two similar vessels drove away from their doorway at a high rate of 
speed, and now it was Ryoko's turn to be the target of a stern chase.  Ominously, the remaining 
K'vimm vessels had set a course for the outer planets.
	And those ugly, nest-like ships were faster than Ryo-ohki!  She frantically dodged the 
energy blasts from the two pursuing K'vimm ships. Fireballs erupted from her armored wings as the 
occasional shot found its mark.  Ryoko was just as frantically wracking her brain, trying to find a 
strategy to extricate them from this trap, but she was coming-up empty-handed.   She had to admit 
that Ryo-ohki was tiring, that her energy reserves were nearly depleted, and it looked as though 
their luck had finally run out.  Despair and fear had almost extinguished Ryoko's vaunted fighting 
spirit, though she continued to encourage Ryo-ohki.  She expected to die -- soon -- in a curtain of 
flame when the shields finally collapsed.
	It was then that Ryo-ohki signaled her that *something* was approaching them at incredible 
speed.  What few resources she could spare to examine the object told her little: a sphere of 
high-frequency energy, probably a shield of some sort, no more than three meters in diameter, 
heading straight for them.  Ryoko admitted defeat at last.  "Goodbye, my Tenchi..."
	But: the blue-white ball of light rocketed past Ryo-ohki and executed an impossible 
right-angled course change that sent it into *and through* the closest K'vimm warship.  The 
dreadnought disintegrated into flaming fragments, spewing burning chunks of metal that peppered 
Ryo-ohki's shields with debris.  Then the sphere executed another incredibly-fast maneuver and 
burrowed into the second vessel, passing through its shields and armour plating like tissue paper.  
The warship burst at the seams, spilling white-hot clouds of fire into the vacuum.  Saw-toothed 
shards of steel and plastic pinwheeled into the endless night, as two incandescent clouds cooled 
visibly and vanished utterly.  Ryoko was staggered by the speed and ferocity of her rescue.
	Just as suddenly, the blue-white ball changed course again, bearing directly for Ryoko's 
ship.  It passed through Ryo-ohki's shields and skin as easily as it had through the other vessels'. 
It hovered momentarily above the Command Deck before cracking into slices that receded into an 
all-too-familiar Y-winged configuration.  Then the wings disappeared, leaving behind an 
all-too-familiar figure girded in glowing armour.  Even if she didn't recognize his face, his smell, 
or the sound of his breathing, Ryoko's heart recognized him unerringly.
	"Tenchi!" she cried, flying across the intervening distance and wrapping her arms around her 
husband.  She spent an indeterminate time kissing him passionately, laughing hysterically, and 
sobbing uncontrollably.  "I thought I'd never see you again."
	"Then who'd raise our children to be proper little pirates?" he asked softly.
	"We don't have any children," she sniffled, her voice muffled by his neck.
	"Yet."  He waited patiently for another round of sobs to settle out, before pushing her 
gently away.  "I can't stay, Ryoko.  Mihoshi is about to sail into a similar trap."
	She dried her eyes with her sleeves, regaining her composure.  "Well, what are we waiting 
for?  Let's go.  After all, you mess with one Masaki you mess with us all!"
	"I'll take care of Mihoshi, don't worry.  But I have another task for you back on Earth."
	"What kind of task?" 
	"Ayeka is being held hostage someplace.  I need you locate her."
	Ryoko shook her head grimly.  "No.  I want to help you.  I want to burn those bastards..."
	He placed a hand gently along the side of her face, and she responded by tipping her head 
into the palm.  "No, Ryoko.  We have a long, difficult journey ahead of us.  I need you rested, 
recovered, and ready to kick ass."  That brought a smile to her face.  "With all your experience the 
last few months doing intelligence work for Lady Funaho, you are the most qualified to find Ayeka.  
Right now, I need a spy, not a warrior."  She nodded reluctantly, conceding his point.  "What kind 
of shape is Ryo-ohki in?"
	"She's tired, Tenchi, and wounded.  She needs energy."
	"Well, maybe I can help with that," he smiled.  He stepped away from her and spread his 
arms, the Lighthawk Emblem flaring on his brow like a three-part sun.  A blue-white nimbus formed 
around him, which he directed downwards into Ryo-ohki.  The ship bucked once, and then started 
vibrating.    Tenchi fed her as much Power as she could take, waiting for some indication that she 
was finished.  The signal was a lion-like roar that reverberated through the Command Deck, a far cry 
from the usual cat-like "Miya!" that she vocalized.
	Ryoko laughed.  "Well, I guess she's recovered!"
	"Ryoko," Tenchi said, the smile leaving his face.  "Don't let yourself be detected.  They 
might execute Ayeka if they think there's a rescue underway.  I don't know how they found her, or 
why they took her.  Just be very careful."
	Ryoko nodded.  "I will.  Now come here and kiss me, and then be on your way!"
	It was long, fervent, and ended with whispered promises.  And then he was englobed in 
blue-white light and gone.
	"Oh, damn!" she swore, snapping her fingers.   "I was gonna ask him how the hell he does 
that....and how he blew those ships up! "
	"Mrowrrr!" Ryo-ohki snarled.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

	They came from in-system: nearly two-dozen hive-shaped vessels clearly not of human design.  
 The Galaxy Police Cruiser Yukinojo had attempted to hail the squadron, having quickly identified 
the ships as belonging to a star-faring race that frankly had no business being there.  And for its 
efforts it was promptly fired upon.  Yukinojo had veered-off on a sunward course and fled, and three 
of the intruders had peeled-off after it.  
	Yukinojo fired its thrusters in random sequences, trying to dodge the energy blasts from the 
warships on its tail.  Only the nearest was an actual threat, since the three K'vimm ships were 
staggered behind the fleeing GP cruiser.  But the overwhelming firepower of even one of the 
behemoths was more than a match for Yukinojo.  The cruiser had taken several grazing hits, taxing 
its shields to the limit, and straining its skeletal framework during its frantic evasive maneuvers. 
	Though Mihoshi sat in the pilot's station, she didn't actually control Yukinojo.  Starship 
maneuvers, particularly during combat, were calculated and executed at speeds far in excess of human 
cognition.  Still, she could offer advice to the ship's Artificial Intelligence unit, as well as her 
affinity for sheer dumb luck to keep the cruiser intact.  Kiyone sat in the co-pilot's chair, 
praying to whatever deities that might be listening.
	Kiyone's prayers were answered: "Mihoshi, there is an unidentified object approaching at 
extremely high velocity.  It appears to be vectoring in on an intercept course."  The AI had been 
programmed with basic emotional expression, which at the moment sounded like a cross between panic 
and distraction.
	"Which direction is it coming from?" Mihoshi cried, as the ship executed another desperate 
lunge.
	"Sunwards," the AI replied.  "Contact in three...two...one..."A blue-white sphere flashed by 
the ship's viewports as it passed close abeam.  The AI already had the Bridge monitors pointing 
towards the stern, so it was impossible to miss as the object dived straight into the nearest 
persuer and detonated it with an eye-searing explosion.  "Primary K'vimm threat destroyed.  
Unidentified object reacquired...now changing course to intercept the closest remaining vessel."  
The second warship didn't recognize the threat until too late, when it attempted its own evasive 
shuffle.  The sphere altered course and caught its prey easily, obliterating it in a churning 
fireball.  "Secondary K'vimm threat destroyed.  Unidentified object now targeting the surviving 
K'vimm vessel."  The third battlecraft was far enough away to have witnessed the destruction of its 
sisters, and so opened fire on the sphere with everything it had.  The Lilliputian opponent was 
unaffected, passing through energy beams and exploding torpedoes like a blue-white specter.  The 
third alien battlecraft died seconds later.  "All K'vimm threats eliminated.  Unidentified object 
has changed course again.  Interception in five seconds."
	There was just enough time for Mihoshi and Kiyone to exchange glances before the bridge was 
bathed in blue-white light.  And then they were joined by a lone figure in luminescent armour, 
taking stock of his surroundings.
	"Tenchi!"  Mihoshi threw off her safety harness, climbed on her chair, stepped onto the 
navigation console, and leaped into her husband's arms, all in one smooth movement.  Neither said 
anything for the next few moments, mouths occupied with other activities.  Eventually, Mihoshi's 
adrenaline-induced shaking subsided, and she put her head on his shoulder.  "I just *knew* it had to 
be you."
	"Are you ok?" he asked.
	"I am now."
	"Yukinojo, what is your status?" Tenchi said to the AI.
	"Shields at 7%, Life Support down to 54%, and Main Battery energy cells depleted.  Minor 
damage to outer hull in three locations."
	"How soon can you effect repairs?"
	"It will be at least two days to restore enough power to commence repairs."
	"Can I transfer Power directly into your subsystems?"
	"Yes, Your Highness.  It will take a few minutes to reconfigure a transfer conduit."
	"Please proceed, and notify me when you are ready."
	"Acknowledged."
	"Your Highness?"  Kiyone had finally found her voice.
	"Oh, how rude of me!" Mihoshi stammered.  "Tenchi, this is my long-lost partner and best 
friend, Detective First Class Kiyone Makibi.  Kiyone, this is my husband, Prince Sir Tenchi Masaki." 
She had obviously waited a long time to make that introduction, and her smile was radiant.
	Kiyone's smile was polite, but more than a little apprehensive.  "Pleased to meet you, Your 
Highness," she said, bowing.
	"Just call me 'Tenchi,'" he replied, grinning.  "I thought you were MIA?"
	"Washu found her and rescued her.  Isn't that great?" Mihoshi interrupted.  "She's been 
assigned to my office.  We're partners again!"
	Tenchi didn't miss the subtle sigh of resignation from Kiyone.  "I'll worry less knowing 
that you have someone so professional working with you," Tenchi said to his wife.   Kiyone's 
eyebrows perked.
	"Your Highness, the transfer conduit is ready."
	"Thank you, Yukinojo.  Mihoshi, would you guide me to the Engine Room?"  She took him by the 
hand and led him off the Bridge and down the access corridor, chattering the whole way.  Tenchi just 
smiled, relieved to hear his wife's voice again.  Kiyone followed, not really knowing what else to 
do.
	The cruiser's Engine Room was cramped and efficient, as was everything else aboard a ship 
designed for long-term patrols in distant places.  Two maintenance 'bots were scuttling off a 
jury-rigged pedestal near one of the main consoles.  A single metal plate dominated the space at the 
top of the waist-high column.  "When you are ready, Your Highness, just place your hand on the 
contact plate and commence the energy exchange.  I will inform you when my reservoirs have been 
replenished."
	Tenchi extricated himself gently from Mihoshi, and guided her off to a safe corner.  Kiyone 
stood in the doorway, watching with interest.  The Emblem of Power appeared on his brow, and the 
room was flooded with the blue-white aurora that encircled his body.  Tenchi placed his right hand 
firmly on the plate and focused Power into the pedestal.  Yukinojo absorbed the energy hungrily, and 
the dials and instruments around the room reflected the improving readiness.  It only took a few 
moments.  "Thank you, Your Highness.  All reserves at maximum.  I will commence my repairs immediately."
	Tenchi walked over to his wife and took her hands.  "Mihoshi, I want you to head straight 
for Earth.  There is trouble brewing there, and I may need you.  Ayeka has been kidnapped and I've 
already got Ryoko searching for her.  Meet me at Dad's house as soon as you can.  Understand?"  
Mihoshi nodded, wide-eyed.  "One more thing: there's a Juraian task force orbiting the ninth planet. 
Please inform them about your attack, and that I'm on my way."  He kissed his wife goodbye, and stepped 
away from her.  "Kiyone, it's been a pleasure.  We'll talk more once things settle down."
	Kiyone nodded.  "Until then, Your High -- Tenchi."  She bowed at the figure backing into the 
center of the room.  Then she gasped as she recognized the Lighthawk Wings that snapped into existence 
before him.  At some unheard command, they elongated and englobed him, and then he vanished.  The sudden 
darkness was startling.  "Come on, Mihoshi, he gave us our orders."
	"Bye, Tenchi," she whispered, and followed Kiyone back to the Bridge.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

	Ragged broadsides were exchanged between both clusters of ships, the Juraian navy orbiting 
with their backs to deep space, and the hostiles on the sunward side.  Sol was a brighter light in 
the sky than the other stars, but not by much.  Were it not for the ghostly reflections off of Pluto 
and its moon Charon, there would be no visible indication that the combatants were within a solar 
system at all.  Energy beams and torpedo explosions were quickly swallowed by the infinite darkness.
	The Juraian Navy's capital ships were the third- and fourth-generation Royal Trees, and 
command of such a marvel was the desire of every fleet captain.  Unfortunately, none of these rare 
leviathans were present, and Admiral Mobinita had to be content with traditional steel-hulled 
warships...which, at the moment, were giving a good account of themselves.  His task force had been 
assigned to shadow Prince Tenchi, who was further in-system.  The voyage here had been uneventful, 
dropping out of psuedospace nearly a week earlier to establish a loose orbit around the outermost 
planet, because it made a convenient rendezvous point.  Someone else had the same idea, apparently, 
because the K'vimm flotilla that had come roaring up the gravity well knew exactly where to look for
them.  They had opened fire on his command two hours earlier with no warning whatsoever.  The Gods 
alone knew what the hell K'vimm warships were doing this far into Jurai space, but at least his own 
ships' automatic defense systems had raised their shields at the first sign of trouble, so he had 
not lost any vessels.
	Yet.
	But that was going to change soon, because it was becoming increasingly obvious that the 
wasp-nest-shaped hostiles had superior shields.  His own ships were expending far too much energy 
to score many hits, and casualties were mounting.  He would soon be presented with the disagreeable 
choice of preserving his command by abandoning the young Prince, or to shoot his way in-system and 
try to locate His Highness, all the while with mounting losses.
	"Admiral?  We have an incoming message on the Galaxy Police Standard Frequency."  The voice 
belonged to Balinor, the AI of the heavy cruiser that served as his flagship.  Balinor's voice 
issued from a small sensor unit floating near his head, all the better to be heard over the 
background noise of the Strategic Bridge.  Mobinita knew that Captain Istanaka, fighting her ship 
from the Tactical Bridge one deck below, would be receiving the same information.
	"Who is it from?"
	"Galaxy Police patrol cruiser Yukinojo, recently reassigned from this sector to the GP 
office on Jurai.  Captain Mihoshi Masaki, commanding."
	"*Princess* Mihoshi Masaki?"  The young heir had made quite a splash when he appeared at 
Court the previous year, having already taken advantage of one of the perks of his rank.
	"Yes, Sir."
	"What's the message?"
	"That her vessel was recently attacked by three K'vimm warships, that the Prince intervened 
and destroyed them, and is presently en-route to meet with our forces."
	"Did you say that the Prince destroyed three K'vimm vessels *by himself*?"
	"That's what the message states, Admiral."
	"Captain Istanaka, did you catch all that?"
	"Yes, Sir," she replied, her voice filtered through the Comm network.
	"Admiral, long-range sensors are tracking an unidentified object approaching at high 
velocity."  Balinor posted the read-outs on one of the monitors, although all Mobinita could see 
was a blue-white streak of light.  
	"How fast is that thing moving?" Captain Istanaka asked.
	"Difficult to register accurately," Balinor replied.  "Sensor readings are providing 
conflicting results.  Optical estimation places it near 70% of lightspeed."
	"Huh?  That's impossible," Mobinita coughed.  "Our fastest couriers can't do better than 25%
in-system."
	"The object is changing course.  Estimated heading places it near the largest K'vimm warship
in twenty seconds."
	"You don't suppose that thing is the Prince, do you?" Istanaka asked.
	"Insufficient information to calculate," Balinor replied.  
	"But that object *is* approximately man-sized," Istanaka said.  "And the Prince *has* been 
publicly seen deploying the Lighthawk Wings..."
	"Guess we'll find out soon enough," Mobinita mused.  "Inform the task force of the 
approaching object, and try to avoid shooting at it until we determine its intentions."
	"Acknowledged," the AI replied.
	The blue-white sphere sailed directly for the largest K'vimm warship, which resembled a 
termite mound bristling with gun turrets.  Weapons fire from four different vessels was focused on 
the tiny speck, but with no effect.  It vanished into the target's hull.  Almost immediately the 
K'vimm galleon began trembling like a palsied whale, wracked by a series of internal explosions.  
Huge cracks encircled the ship, from which sprouted geysers of flame that expanded quickly into 
fountains of fire.  The whole ship separated into massive chunks, some of which managed to stay 
intact as they emerged from the mushrooming fireball.  The remainder disintegrated outright or 
continued to burn.
	"By the gods!" Mobinita gasped.
	"The K'vimm galleon has been destroyed.  Unidentified object reacquired and is changing 
course to intercept the warship immediately astern," Balinor announced.  "Contact imminent."
	The second K'vimm starship was attempting a desperate evasion, while it's neighbors 
continued to pour weapons fire onto the minute intruder.  The blue-white sphere hurtled across the 
gap, slipping effortlessly through the victim's walls of force and metal.  The warship became a 
nova, it's mass converted almost completely to radiant energy.  An expanding cloud of gas and debris
marked the previous location of the vessel.
	"The second K'vimm galleon has been destroyed.  The object has now been tentatively 
identified as Prince Sir Tenchi Masaki," Balinor drawled.  "His Highness is now vectoring towards 
the third K'vimm capitol ship.  Contact imminent."
	The K'vimm squadron was now in complete disarray, some elements advancing on the elusive 
threat with guns blazing, others attempting to escape.  Mobinita's task force had been completely 
forgotten by the K'vimm --  but he hadn't forgotten about them.  "Relay message to all task force 
commanders: Since His Highness is dealing with the primaries, you will direct your main batteries 
upon the K'vimm secondaries.  Convergent fire is the order of the day."  His instruction was 
punctuated by another massive explosion.
	"The third K'vimm galleon has been destroyed.  His Highness is now targeting the fourth 
K'vimm capitol ship.  Contact imminent.  Secondaries are now accelerating out of the engagement 
area.  Recommend immediate pursuit."
	"I agree.  Pass the order."
	An enormous flash was followed by two distant, smaller bursts.  "The fourth K'vimm primary 
has been destroyed.  His Highness is now targeting the nearest K'vimm secondary.  Time to 
nterception: 3 seconds.  Task force units have destroyed two K'vimm frigates."
	"Pour it on," Mobinita replied.  
	In less than an hour there was a stream of radioactive detritus that trailed away from Pluto 
on a course back towards Sol.  The Juraian victors were combing through the larger pieces looking for 
K'vimm survivors -- but frankly didn't expect to find any.  Few participants lived through the 
losing side of starship combat.
	"Where is His Highness now?" Mobinita asked.
	"Approaching on an intercept vector," Balinor replied.  "Decelerating to conventional close-
formation parameters.  Time to contact: eight seconds."
	"Any indications what he's going to do now?"
	"No, Admiral, but there is a high probability that he will board this vessel."
	"Captain Istanaka, what do you think?"
	"I'd have to agree with the AI, Admiral.  Better put out the good china."
	Mobinita nodded.  "Order the task force to stand down, and to submit readiness and casualty 
figures as soon as they are computed."
	"Acknowledged," Balinor answered, followed by,  "His Highness is now aboard."
	Blue-white light suddenly flooded the Strategic Bridge.  All activity in the cabin dwindled 
to a halt, as uniformed men and women twisted away from their consoles seeking the source of the 
illumination.  The sphere settled into the only space large enough to accommodate it, before 
retracting into the Lighthawk Wings.  The armored figure made a gesture and the Wings vanished, 
followed seconds later by the shining body armour.  Though room lighting returned to normal levels, 
activity levels did not -- until Mobinita barked at them.  He had read much about the heir to the 
throne, and had seen many of the vids, so he recognized the Prince immediately.  He rose from his 
desk and stepped forward, bowing stiffly.
	"Your Highness, welcome aboard the Imperial Juraian Naval ship Balinor.  I am Rear Admiral 
Mobinita, at your service."
	Tenchi returned the bow.  "The pleasure is mine, Admiral, although I wish the circumstances 
were a bit less....disruptive."  Truth be told, Tenchi was intensely curious about his surroundings, 
but enough lectures by Ayeka and coaching by Funaho had taught him to remain composed.  He had to 
remind himself that he was probably being recorded, and the file would almost certainly be scrutinized 
in the months to come.
	"Your timing is impeccable, Your Highness.  We were having some difficulties with their 
defenses."
	"Thank you, Admiral.  Happy I could help."
	"Your Highness, do you have any idea what this is all about?  The K'vimm have never ventured
so far into this galactic arm, and have never attacked without provocation."
	"Not yet, Admiral, but I intend to find out soon enough.  Until then, my time here is 
somewhat limited.  Does your ship come equipped with an AI unit?"
	They all did, part of the standard configuration.  But Mobinita thought it best not to 
instruct the heir to the Empire.  "Yes, Your Highness.  Balinor?"
	"Yes, Admiral?" the AI responded.
	"I believe the Prince has a request to make of you."
	"Please proceed, Your Highness."
	"A few hours ago I effected an energy transfer to the Galaxy Police cruiser Yukinojo, which 
at present is headed for the third planet.  Can you contact Yukinojo and acquire the technical 
details of the transfer?"
	"Yes, Your Highness."
	"Please do so.  Admiral, what is the status of your task force?"
	"We're collating the data now.  It should be available in short order."
	"Query completed, Your Highness," Balinor said.
	"Please review the technical details.  Can the same procedure be applied to the ships in 
this task force?"
	"Working.  Yes, Your Highness, the same procedure can be applied to all elements of this 
command."
	"Balinor, do we have the readiness and casualty figures yet?" Mobinita asked.
	"Yes, Admiral."
	"What is the average status of all task force elements?"  No need to bury the Prince in 
statistics, since he seemed in a hurry.
	"Shields at 34%, Life Support down to 61%, and Main Battery energy cell levels at 54%.  All 
vessels have suffered damage to their outer hulls, in three instances the breach is severe.  At 
present energy levels repairs will require 12 to 15 days, best estimate."
	"How long will it take if I provide energy transfers similar to Yukinojo?"
	"Working.  Repairs can be completed in five days."
	"Admiral, with your permission I would like to transfer energy into all of the ships in your
task force.  I have reason to believe we may be needed at Homeworld in the immediate future, and we 
need your vessels at fighting trim."
	Mobinita's first inclination was to label the request 'ludicrous.'  Then he remembered that 
this young man had just destroyed four galleons and a handful of frigates all by himself, and Gods-
alone-knew how many other vessels further in-system.  As his mentor had taught him centuries ago: 
never question royalty, and *never* argue with a Master Class Power Adept.  "We're at your 
convenience, Your Highness.  Balinor, please advise all task force commanders that His Highness will
be visiting each vessel in the next few hours.  Pass along the technical details for immediate 
implementation.  Captain Istanaka, my compliments and would you please report to the Strategic Bridge.  
Balinor, what are the total casualty figures?"
	"81 dead, 506 injured." 
	Mobinita did a silent translation: 1-in-9 of his task force's personnel was no longer able 
to perform their duty.  Some forever.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

	Ryoko strolled down the street in her red-and-black battle garb.  The street was noisy, and 
crowded, and dirty, and she received any number of amazed and admiring looks.
	She ignored them all.
	She was looking up at the walls of the skyscraper beside her.  Ryo-ohki's sensors had told 
her that a K'vimm outpost was buried inside the building, approximately 2/3 of the way up from the 
ground floor.  She had watched as a sporadic stream of cloaked vessels dropped from the sky and 
hovered just outside the windows.  The locals couldn't see them, of course, but she could -- as 
walnut-shaped distortions.  
	She was contemplating on whether she should just fly up and into the structure when she 
heard a commotion behind her.  She turned slowly, seeing a group of heavily-muscled males appraising
her.  They liked what they saw and emphasized it vocally.  Since Ryoko was in a hurry, she ignored 
them; she had no intention of staying in Manhattan any longer than it took to locate and rescue 
Ayeka.  She returned to her study of the tower.
	One of the males, probably the leader, tapped her on the shoulder.  She turned to find his 
smiling face inches from her own, and the deep rumble of his voice was making obvious invitations.  
She didn't even smile back; she raised her hands to indicate her wedding ring, and then made 
sweeping gestures to 'shoo' them away.  The leader's tone of voice turned nasty, and he grabbed her 
shoulder.
	Ryoko allowed the momentum to twist her around, and combined the torque with her own 
respectable strength.  Her hammerfist dropped squarely on his head, and he sat on the sidewalk with 
a loud *thud*.  His eyes were dazed and unfocused, and Ryoko said (in Japanese -- the only Earth 
language she knew), "Get lost."  She turned and started walking, noticing a bank of revolving doors 
a little further along the sidewalk.
	She heard the group coming for her, and so she turned to face them.  They were supporting 
their leader by his arms, and looked determined to take revenge for putting him in such a 
humiliating position.  She waited patiently for them.  They gathered around her like a pack of 
wolves, making intimidating gestures and threatening postures.  They looked angry, and supremely 
confident, as they heckled a lone female.  For a moment, she tried to picture Tenchi performing this
ritual, and just couldn't -- it was too barbaric.  She turned to the largest member of the group 
(*very* large, actually), and hoisted him into the air with one hand.  She tossed him across the 
roof of one of the nearby ground cars.  Then she turned to the stunned packmembers, glared at each 
of them in turn, and dropped another hammerfist onto the leader's melon-shaped head.  His lights 
went out and he plummeted to the pavement, dragging his nearest associates along like cascading 
ragdolls.
	They did not bother her again.
	She followed a group of pedestrians into the building, looking around curiously.  There was 
a lot of brass and marble evident, applied in replicating curls and wavy patterns.  It was quite 
attractive.  She watched the tide of humanity flowing into and out of the elevators, realizing their 
function immediately, and finally joined one of the smaller groups.  She rode the elevator up as far 
as it would go, and waited until she was alone in the car.  Then she phased up through the floor and 
into the dark shaft, drifting slowly until she had reached the calculated floor.
	She stuck her head through the elevator doors, looking both ways quickly.  The corridor 
appeared deserted, so she floated through the doors and hovered silently.  The hallway continued the 
brass-and-marble decor, and stenciled doorways lined the hall in both directions.  She settled onto 
the carpet started walking slowly.  Locals in business attire entered and departed the doors on a 
random basis, but there was one set at the end of the hall that no one appeared to use.  She waited 
until the hall was empty, and phased through the door.
	She stood in office devoid of lights and people, filled with desks and chairs, and facing a 
bank of unshuttered windows.  Halfway down the room, she saw Ayeka's cage.  Ayeka herself was 
kneeling on the floor, idly watching out the windows.  Ryoko smiled and strode across the room.
	She didn't know if the Ayeka could hear her, and she didn't know if touching the forcefield 
would set-off any alarms, so she walked around in front of Ayeka and knelt on the floor.
	Ayeka recoiled, visibly startled.  Her lips started moving, the look on her face was quite 
agitated -- but relieved, as well -- and Ryoko was glad to see her alive and unhurt.  Ryoko knelt 
and started examining Ayeka's prison, looking for any controls or sources of power.  She wasn't 
having much luck, and Ayeka's silent entreaties were not helping much.
	"Are you looking for something?" 
	Ryoko suppressed her reaction to the man's voice.  She looked over her shoulder at the two 
figures standing behind her.  She recognized the man instantly.  "Well, if it ain't Seriyu.  Long 
time, no see, Pretty Boy.  Still wearing that ridiculous hair color?"
	Seriyu growled, but regained his composure.  "If I were in your position, I would be more 
concerned with my health and safety than with anyone else's appearance."
	"If you were in my position, you probably wouldn't be alone."  She waited for a moment 
before the Juraian figured out the insult, and then his face reddened.  "Gee, your blush and your 
haircolor don't match.  Have you discussed that with a cosmetician?"
	"That will be enough, Ryoko.  Baiting him gets quickly tedious."
	Ryoko turned to study the older woman.  "You look familiar, somehow.  Have we met?"
	The woman waved nonchalantly.  "Oh, yes, but it's been a long time.  Perhaps you will 
remember my son easier, particularly since you were in his...employ...for such a long time."
	It took only a moment for the clues to fall into place: the silvery hair, the golden eyes, 
the reference to her son.  "Naja Akara!"  She spit the name out, and felt her own face flushing -- 
with rage.
	"I see you do remember me, after all.  Maybe you should call me Grandma, since my son was 
so much like a father to you."  Her grin was wicked and cold.
	"My husband sent that bastard straight to Hell," Ryoko hissed.  "And if you'd have been 
there he'd have sent you, too!"
	Naja clucked genially.  "Kagato always did draw-out the best and worst in people."
	"Just before he killed them!"
	"Everyone dies, sooner or later.  He merely....facilitated....the natural course of events."  
	Ryoko ignited her energy sword -- only to watch it fizzle and vanish.  "What the hell?!"
	"As to your sword: there is an energy-dampening field around this chamber, so your Power 
Attributes are unavailable.  Now, be a dear and step onto that platform, or I will be forced to 
electrocute that charming Princess."  Naja brandished the keypad, her thumb menacingly on the 
buttons.  Ryoko looked at Ayeka, who pointed grimly to a mechanism fastened around her ankle.
	Ryoko snorted in disgust.  She had screwed-up, Big Time.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

	Ryoko and Ayeka sat on opposite corners of the platform.  Each now wore a bracelet around an
ankle, a hasty construction containing two sealed boxes.  One component was a psuedospace transceiver, 
and thus had unlimited range; the other component was an energy cell with enough voltage to stun 
Ryoko and kill Ayeka.  It was a guarantee of good behavior.
	They had been sharing information, watching the occasional K'vimm soldier lumber past their 
cage, watching the city lights glowing brighter beyond the windows.
	"I thought she'd died a long time ago," Ryoko said, shaking her head.  "It figures she'd be 
involved with some grand scheme to bring down the Emperor."
	"And I failed to keep track of the various suitors my father picked for me.  None of them 
take rejection very well -- but to engage in treason...."
	They were both silent for a while, until Ryoko indicated the floor grid.  "You realize that 
there are probably microphones in there."
	Ayeka shrugged.  "Well, I certainly would put them in.  However, I find this whole 
containment structure rather odd, don't you?  The shield walls are transparent to certain 
frequencies of light, but closed to molecular passage.  No air, no sound....very odd."
	"Could it have been built by the K'vimm?"
	"The thought had crossed my mind."  She paused, watching a guard shuffle by.  "How is our 
husband?"
	Ryoko grinned.  "Fully awake and mad as hell.  And he has a few new talents, now.  Very 
useful talents."
	"And how useful might these new talents be?" Naja's voice echoed inside the forcefield.  The 
wives exchanged glances, not surprised by the interruption -- or the confirmed eavesdropping.
	"Tell you what, Naja.  I'd be willing to discuss this over some dinner.  Manhattan is known 
for it's hamburgers and pizza; why don't you get us something to eat, and we'll talk."
	"Why don't I just close the ventilation to your cubicle, and then it becomes a moot point?"  
Ayeka would suffocate, of course; but Ryoko would not be immediately affected.  They both wondered 
if Naja was aware of that fact.
	"Your call," Ryoko shrugged.
	A moment later the forcefield vanished, and both women climbed to their feet.  "I need to 
use the Ladies Room," Ayeka announced.  No one objected, so she headed for the door.  Ryoko wandered 
over to the window and looked down.
	"If you are considering..."
	"Yeah, I know, if I try to leave you zap us both.  Can't I even stretch my legs?  And when 
do we eat?!?"

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

	They had pushed two desks together, shoved everything, onto the floor, and gathered four 
chairs.  Three pizza boxes lay open and half empty, a couple of wine bottles, and a stack of paper 
napkins.  Ryoko ate enthusiastically, Ayeka nibbled at her slice, and their captors chewed in 
silence.
	"Damn, this pizza is pretty good!" Ryoko said between slices.  She washed the last mouthful 
down with a swig from her wine bottle.  "The wine is tasty, too.  I'd have preferred sake, but this 
stuff isn't bad.  Aren't you going to eat?"
	The last comment was aimed at Ayeka, who's rate of consumption was lower and slower than 
Ryoko's.  "This is a bit too spicy for my palate," she finally replied.  "Although I did try a 
cheese pizza once that was quite delicious."
	"The more meat, the better," Ryoko said through a napkin.  "Tell me, Naja, why did you pick 
New York?  Isn't it kinda crowded around here?  You're taking a big chance on getting seen."
	"Sometimes it is more effective to hide in plain sight," Naja replied.  "Besides, this way 
I have millions of potential hostages.  And the energy output from this city masks my modest 
activities."
	"*I* found you easily enough."
	"So you did..."
	"You don't *eat* food, you *inhale* it!" Seriyu sneered.  He was obviously appalled at 
Ryoko's rapid consumption.
	She just grinned at him.  "I prefer to enjoy life to the fullest.  You never know how long 
it will last."
	"Too true, Ryoko, Dear.  Particularly with the kind of life you've lived," Naja said.  She 
was still picking at her first slice.
	Ryoko reached for another.  "It has been exciting, that's for sure.  Of course, that's all 
changed these days.  Now that I'm married and respectable --"
	"Thank you for reminding me.  We kept our part our the bargain, now you fulfill your's."  
	Ayeka glared at Ryoko, but Ryoko just shrugged.  "Ok.  What do you want to know?"
	"What talents has your husband recently discovered?"
	"Why don't you just ask me directly?" Tenchi said from the shadows.  He stepped into the 
light, pulling his hand away from his forehead, and the Emblem of Power shone dramatically.
	Naja and Seriyu leaped away from the desks.  Naja's fingers wrapped around the keypad, and 
Seriyu lifted an inverted T-shaped instrument.  "Stop right there, Prince of Jurai!" Naja commanded.
	Tenchi frowned and the keypad vanished from her hand.  It appeared on his open palm.  He 
looked from it to the platform to his wives' ankle bracelets, and shook his head.  The keypad and 
bracelets vanished.  There was a burst of sparks from the floor of the platform, and it started 
smoking.  Tenchi's wives joined him, each kissing the nearest cheek.  "Sorry it took so long to get 
here.  Thanks for stalling them."
	"Not a problem," Ryoko replied.
	"Perfect timing," Ayeka added.
	"Confine them!" Seriyu commanded.  With an all-too-familiar flourish, Naja gestured and a 
spectral keyboard appeared in front of her.  Her hands danced over the keys and a glowing barrier 
appeared between the two groups.  Tenchi gestured with his right hand, and a ball of blue-white 
light appeared.  It uncoiled into the Lighthawk Sword, which he promptly thrust into the barrier.  
The shield flared and collapsed.
	"Uh, oh," Naja muttered.  She typed frantically, and two schematics appeared in the air 
above the keyboard.  Tenchi stepped forwards, and Seriyu interposed himself between Tenchi and Naja.  
Seriyu activated the weapon he held, and a blade of energy emerged from the cross-guard.  He settled 
into an en-guarde stance.
	"We never did have a proper contest, did we?" Seriyu snarled.  "Come and receive a lesson 
from a true swordsman!"
	Tenchi sighed irritably.
	Naja studied the schematics and blanched.  Her fingers typed furiously on the keys and a 
dimensional doorway appeared beside her.  She looked up as her keyboard vanished, and said,  "My 
advice to you, m'lad, it to beat a hasty retreat.  And to you three: give my regards to Washu!"  
She hobbled into the doorway, which promptly disappeared.
	Tenchi looked at Ayeka, and they both looked at Ryoko.  "Hey, I didn't know she could do 
that!  I thought Washu was the only one with those abilities!"
	"Face me, you coward!" Seriyu demanded.
	"God, what a week," Tenchi groaned.  "Tell me, Lord Seriyu, did you kidnap Princess Ayeka?"
	"Yes," Seriyu answered.
	"And did you lay hands on her?"
	"I tried to," he admitted sheepishly.  But then he threw back his shoulders, and said, "And 
I'd do it again!"
	"And you threatened the lives of both Princess Ayeka and Princess Ryoko?"
	"Yes, I don't deny it!"
	"Then I consider this a Challenge," Tenchi replied.
	"Excellent!  Now fight me, man-to-man!"
	Tenchi pointed the Lighthawk Sword at Seriyu, who vanished in a flash of blue-white light.  
His sword fell to the floor and flickered off.
	"Where is he?" Ayeka asked.  "He must stand trial for his treason."  The building suddenly 
shook, and the ground far below rumbled.
	"I just teleported him two kilometers -- straight down."
	"Oh," Ayeka answered.  Ryoko cackled.  They both realized that Seriyu had materialized 
inside solid rock.  The resulting explosion was in the megaton range.
	"Let's go home," Tenchi said.  He released the Sword, which writhed and contorted and 
morphed into the Lighthawk Wings.  His arms snaked around his wives' waists, who watched as each 
Wing expanded and merged with its mates and englobed them all.  They were now inside a cocoon of 
blue light, where gravity had suddenly ceased.  
	"Oh, wow!" Ryoko exclaimed.
	"I can't see anything," Ayeka complained.  
	Tenchi initiated his link to each of them.  In his mind he visualized each woman, and then 
overlaid a visor on their faces.  They now saw what he did: they were rapidly rising through the 
floors of the building, bursting suddenly into the night sky.  They looked downwards, watching New 
York City dwindle beneath them.  Fluorescent clouds spilled over them.  The curve of the planet was 
becoming more pronounced as they rocketed skyward.  The entire northeastern coast of the United 
States was now visible.  Tenchi headed north, steering for the pole along the Great Circle Route.  
Above them the stars glistened like diamonds.
	"Oh, this is wonderful!" Ayeka said.  She clung to her husband, feeling Power rippling 
around her in waves.  They soared across the roof of the world, like angels.
	"So this is what it's like!" Ryoko said.  She had never flown so fast in her life, and her 
imagination provided wind to course through her hair.
	Ahead of them the sun was starting to peep over the arctic ice, and in seconds they had 
crossed the terminator and were traveling high above the Bering Sea.  "We'll be home soon," he said.  
He was surprised by their disappointment.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

	The citizens of Jurai answered the Imperial Summons, and gathered on the flagstone patio of 
the Masaki Shrine.  By rights, every person on Earth was a Servant of the Crown, but as they didn't 
know yet they were excused from attendance.  Scientists, botanists, pilots, everyone gathered, 
spreading blankets on the ground and settling down for a meeting of unguessable length.  The 
afternoon sun shone brightly, warming the springtime air of the mountains.  The wind shuffled the 
trees, and the clouds marched overhead in majestic stillness, paying homage to the Royal Family.
	The Masaki family gathered quietly along the edge of the wooden portico, clustered loosely 
around Yosho and Tenchi.  Among them stood a Naval Officer in Full Dress uniform.  None of them 
smiled, and conversation was sparse.  The crowd noted this and mumbled to itself accordingly.
	At the appropriate time, Yosho walked quietly onto the veranda.  All conversation ceased, 
and all assembled rose and bowed.  He returned the bowed, and motioned for them to sit.  He waited 
quietly until silence had again settled over the patio.  
	"You have been summoned to hear grave news, and to witness the consequences.  Ten days ago, 
a dimensional doorway created by the K'vimm was opened inside the confines of the Juraian solar 
system.  A lone vessel entered Juraian space and sat for three days, before the Empress Misaki 
approached the vessel in her Royal Tree-ship Kirin.  The vessel was apparently a lure, and was 
waiting for just such an occurrence.  It blew up, revealing a mechanism of unknown design, which was 
used to paralyze the remaining Tree-ships in the system long enough for an assault force to exit the 
doorway and open fire on all Imperial Naval units in the vicinity.  Several Tree-ships were 
destroyed -- including the flagship, Kirito, with Emperor Azusa aboard."  
	Yosho waited for the startled buzz from the crowd to die down before continuing.  "Empress 
Misaki was injured, but survived.  Empress Funaho has now assumed command of the Imperial forces.  
The Admiralty dispatched a host of couriers," he indicated the naval officer, "just before the 
K'vimm instituted a complete blockade of the system.  We have received no word since."
	A ripple of concern passed among the crowd, but Yosho raised his hands before it had a 
chance to gather momentum.  "Obviously, we are now in a state of war.  And just as obviously, the 
Empire needs a strong hand to guide it.  While Empress Funaho is capable, the law is clear: the 
Crown Prince must now ascend to the Throne.  However, as many of you know, I am bound to this world 
for another 18 months at least.  I cannot fulfill my obligations.  Therefore, to expedite the Line 
of Succession, particularly in light of the current crisis, I have summoned you all here to witness 
the following declaration."  Yosho unrolled a parchment, of the kind used exclusively for 
Proclamations.  "I, Yosho Jurai, firstborn son of Azusa and Funaho, do immediately abdicate my 
inherited position as Crown Prince of the Empire of Jurai.  I agree to forfeit all the rights and 
responsibilities, privileges and perquisites of my Office, and do pass these on to my grandson, 
Tenchi Masaki."
	In the stunned silence, Yosho put his stamp on the document, and slowly rolled it up.  "A 
copy will be kept in safeguard here at the Shrine, and another will be sent with the courier to 
Admiral Mobinita's fleet off Pluto, to be taken back to Jurai under guard.  All hail Crown Prince 
Sir Tenchi Masaki!"  He turned and knelt before Tenchi, who had come up beside him.  The entire 
Masaki family, plus the Naval courier and the leaders of the science station, all knelt to the 
future Emperor.  While it was a solemn moment, those closest to the verandah could see a faint smile
on Yosho's face, and everyone could see the happy faces of his wives.
	Tenchi remained stoic, however, his face a mask.
