Disclaimer: Tenchi, Ryoko, Mihoshi, 
Kiyone, Ayeka, Sesami, Washu, Yosho,
Nobiyuki, etc etc. etc. are owned by
AIC and Pioneer. I do not profit from
there use. However, Kazekera and all
things connected with his planet
have been devised by Jim 'Diabolo'
Moore, Kage Maru 3:16 and Jinchi
(or 'The Jetset'). This fic takes
place in the Tenchi O-Rusuta©
universe design which was arranged
by The Jetset.
This fic was written by Jim 'Diabolo'
Moore

All right people-
this is where the real fun begins.
There is not much to say, but 
enjoy it- it's the start of a long
long read!
	  TENCHI O-RUSUTA©: KAZEKERA
	PART 1- WHEN SPRING HAD PASSED

"When spring had passed, summer rolled in 
and brought a guest, near cleared of sin
It seemed in love he was forever lost
He paid the price and knew the cost."
				                Jim


A man was walking towards the Masaki household.
It was impossible to tell his age.
He was tall-almost 7 foot and lean, with copper-green hair 
reaching below his broad shoulders. Two intelligent clear 
green eyes observed above a strong jaw and long pointed 
fangs. He grinned as he walked jauntily down the path 
under Funhoe, which blossomed fully . His clothes, 
the baggy whirl patterned armour trousers and sash 
he wore, glittered in the early light, bronze and emerald. 
He smelled a flower with a sigh of contentment.
Though he carried no visible weapons about him, 
it was clear from his ready-stance when he stopped, 
that he was seldom without one. And he was hunting- in a way.

In Tenchi's house chaos was not exactly reigning, but it was 
drizzling a little.
"How is it possible to trip over the same wire FIVE TIMES?"
this strangled yell was from Kiyone (naturally) who stood in a 
uniform soaked with orange juice , over a pile of electronics 
which she was trying to mend with Washu.
"I though you said it would be moved to another house!" 
Mihoshi called up. She had been vainly trying to bring 
Kiyone a drink, but had failed each time by tripping 
on a wire protruding from the wall. 
"I said it goes right THROUGH the house!" 
"Oh...I'm ...sorry..."
"Dear God! Five Times! Go get me another uniform!"
"What?" called Ryoko "Mihoshi tripped over again?"
"YES!"
"Well It's your own fault for leaving that wire out 
when she's around!"
"HOW CAN IT BE MY FAULT?!"
"Please keep it down Kiyone." said Washu, uninterestedly 
"We're all tense, but just try to RELAX"
"RELAX? I'M WET AND STICKY AND HOT AND BOTHERED AND I NEED A BATH!!!!!" 
screamed Kiyone, and then much quieter 
"I should only feel like that after sex."
"What?" said Ryoko  
"Nothing."
"Right"
"Oh! I'm so SORRY, Kiyone!" Mihoshi stumbled into the 
house with a new uniform for Kiyone and a sponge. 
"I didn't mean to make you feel..you know..."
"Wet and sticky?" chipped in Ryoko, who was now hovering 
on the edge on the stairs.
"Yeah, that's it. Here, Kiyone- I got you a new uniform."
"Oh.. Thanks."
Mihoshi giggled.
"I can be so silly sometimes. 
Do you want me to help you two fix the electrics?"
"NO! I mean...no thank you, Mihoshi."
"Tenchi! Girls! Lunchtime!" called Nobiyuki from the kitchen.
"Yeah, guys!" chimed in Sesami "Or else it'll get cold!"

The tall man put the flower in his pocket and removed a 
photo as he did. It was a picture of the Masaki house.
"Hmmm..." he said softly, thinking. The sun caught his 
coppery hair and caused him to gain a gold halo 
for a second. Then he carried on walking. 

Lunch was a grand affair at the Masaki household, 
and as always both Nobiyuki and Sesami had done 
their bit in providing fair for a gang of the 
galaxies most colourful characters. 
"Mmm mmmm." Ryoko ran her tongue round her mouth, 
once for the food, and once for Tenchi. 
"Sesami I wonder how on Earth families can produce 
such different people."
"And what do you mean by that?" snapped Ayeka
"Hey, no need to get so personal, Ayeka."
"If were going to talk about weird families, 
Washu wouldn't go a miss." Said Kiyone, resplendent 
in a new, dry cleaned uniform.
"Where is Washu, anyway?" asked Sesami
"Well, she insisted on finishing work in the 
garden after we'd done the electrics. 
She's got a new experiment and she wants to check 
soil samples. But she promised she'd be in for lunch."
"Better not wait around then. She's a workaholic."
"What about Mihoshi?"
"Oh, she went to sponge off my uniform."
Just then the voice of the blonde G.P detective sailed down the 
stairs.
"I'm coming you guys!"
But at this moment a commotion started coming from outside. 
An immensely tall bronze flecked man wearing some kind of 
loose armour was fighting passed the guardians, and doing very well.
He knocked Azaka out of the way and dived through the doorway.
Then he noticed the crowd at the table, and the tanned woman 
at the stairs, with a newly cleaned uniform in her hand, 
which fell to the ground as she was distracted by the noise. 
"Mihoshi!"
He sighed, and the name carried across the house.
She saw him, from the top of the stairs, and ran down them, 
two at a time. At the bottom she jumped with joy and landed in 
his arms.
"Is it close?"
"Yes, my dear! It's closer than ever!"
He smiled, and his teeth flashed in the sun. 
Then they hugged each other close, him standing, her 
far from the ground. It went on for a long time.
(N.B.: 'Isn't it rich? 
Are we a pair? 
You at last on the ground, 
and me in mid air!' 
Don't know the song, but it's apt, don't you think?- Jim)

Yosho was the first to speak.
"Mihoshi, I think you should introduce us to your guest."
Mihoshi's head sprang up from where it had been buried. 
She looked extremely embarrassed, and bit her lip. 
"Kaz, let me down would you?"
"Certainly."
She climbed off the man and onto the floor. 
Tenchi had difficulty speaking-when he saw this man, he had 
made some judgements. He was huge, towering over everyone at 
an immense 7ft. He was not bulgingly muscular, but lean and 
he had the tension of springs in his arms. Although he seemed 
gentle enough, and Mihoshi was okay, he looked dangerous to 
Tenchi and the young man was ready to reach for his sword 
at any moment. Of course, Yosho was not taken aback by 
anything. Ayeka and Sesami were looking at him in a puzzled way, 
but neither seemed afraid. Considering the stature of many 
Jurai knights, they wouldn't be. Ryoko and Kiyone looked 
as ready as he was to attack, but similarly decided to wait 
for Mihoshi to speak.  
"Er...Yosho, Tenchi, Mr. Masaki...everyone, this is Kazekera. 
He's my..."
"Old friend." The man concluded. Then he blushed. 
His faintly furry and tanned cheeks glowed. 
"He's a Dryad." She said, as if that would explain a lot more than it 
did.
"I...do apologise, when I heard Mihoshi was found at this residence
I assumed it would only be her and Kiyone I found. 
But as it turns out that the architect I had been told designed 
this building is still inhabiting it...which one of you is he...or she?"
Tenchi's father looked completely confused.
"Mr. Masaki -that was his name! A brilliant architect, certainly."
"Uh...that's me." Nobiyuki said.  
Kazekera knelt before Tenchi, his father and his grandfather 
with one hand on the floor and the other on his knee, 
with his elbow out.
Mihoshi whispered to the three men
"In his culture, that is a gesture of complete sincerity. 
In it his people cannot utter a lie!"
"Dear hosts- I must beg your forgiveness for my display's 
of public emotion."
"Oh, I wouldn't worry about that." Laughed Tenchi's dad 
"We get those here all the time."
"In addition I would request that I could possibly spend 
a little time in this beautiful home of yours."
"Hmmm." Tenchi's grandfather looked at  Kazekera. 
"We do have an awful lot of people in the house as it is."
"Your overcrowding situation is well noted, sir. 
Is there anywhere I may use as a temporary boarding place?"
"Well there's the lab,  but there's a scientist already 
in there. You'd have to ask her."
"Very well. And if I did, would your good selves mind me 
invading your property as a regular guest?"
"Er...I suppose not."
"You are most kind."
Kazekera got to his feet, unfolding to his full incredible height. 
"Now if you'll excuse me, I will find the lab."
"I'll show you where it is." Said Tenchi. Kiyone whispered to him
"I'd better come with you." And he accepted her invitation- 
he supposed she still thought he was dangerous. 
In truth Kiyone just wanted to see more of her 
partner's friend, whom she had heard about. 
They walked out.. Then the reaction came.
"Mihoshi! Wha..? Where? Who?!?" Ayeka seemed to be having 
difficulty trying to get the words out.
"Relax Ayeka." Chipped in a laid-back Ryoko "There's only 
one question we need answering. Where the hell were his nipples?"
Ayeka perked up- she too had noticed the man's lack of glands.
"Ryoko!" squeaked Mihoshi, indignantly 
"You always have to be so carnal!"
"Did she just use that word?" said Ayeka unbelievingly. 
"Carnal what? I'm not being a carnival! I just want to know 
what happened to his...y'know."
"Dryads have their nipples down the side of their bodies." 
Mihoshi answered reluctantly. "And they are brilliant fighters as well, 
for your information." She added. 
"Ryoko! Please do not be so offensive." Ayeka was quick on 
the uptake for a easy score.
"I'm not tryin' to be offensive, princess. 
If you want to see offensive I'll do it for you."
but Ayeka had already moved on to something else
"How dare you let that man get passed Azaka, Kamadake!
He could have hurt us and Tenchi!"
"Sorry Princess Ayeka" returned Kamadake 
"We couldn't do anything to stop him!"
"Why not?"
"Because his intentions were pure." Said Azaka.
"Ohhhh! I should..."
"So, Mihoshi, where did you meet him?" quickly cut in Ryoko before 
Ayeka had an aneurysm.
"Yeah, Mihoshi! He's lovely!" Sesami smiled.
"He's an intruder in this house!"  Ayeka retorted 
"I will not have you consorting with him, Sesami!"
Sesami's eyes filled with tears.
"Hey, stop it princess. You upsetting the atmosphere. 
Now let's hear Mihoshi's story." 
Sesami dried up a little, wiping her nose on a tissue.
"Okay..." began Mihoshi "It started when I went to the 
Dryad's home planet for a holiday..."

THE BEGINNING

Well, I hope everyone gained something from that,
and if you did stay tuned for the next exiting episode
of Tenchi O-Rusuta©: Kazekera!

All C&C to
jetset@ntlworld.com
or
comageddon@ntlworld.com