Disclaimer: Tenchi and all affiliated characters belong to AIC and Pioneer, 
such
is their boon. I ask them to not crush me under foot for this.

Note: Welcome to the OAV continuity. This is my first Tenchi fic, so I’m
especially curious to see how I’m doing. Enjoy.

-

How One Kills For Love

By Very Metal (verymetal22@hotmail.com)

One : Very Much Her Mother's Daughter

It was dark outside when the television in the lounge turned itself off and 
left
Ryoko lying motionless on the sofa. For a moment she rolled over onto her 
back
and stared up at the ceiling. Only after she had breathed heavily several 
times
did she get up and walk over to the television. She propped her elbow on top 
of
it, sank her chin into her hand and stared through the wall, mechanically
clicking the power switch several times. Finally she looked down. Frowning, 
she
walked over to the door and tried the light switch. The room remained dark.

Ryoko's breath caught in her throat. She ran through to the kitchen and 
tried
the light there, again without success, before starting up the stairs. The
landing loomed up before her. She stopped midway up the steps, scanning the
darkness that swarmed around her. Below her the moon had cut a pale swathe
across the living room, carving a lurid white spire on the far wall. 
Everything
else was shades of black. Ryoko turned and looked behind her, there was 
barely a
shadow. She sank back to the wall, pressing her arms against it, searching 
her
surroundings as quickly as she dared. To her left the landing yawned. 
Beneath,
the cold blade of light threatened to betray her to the night.

She summoned her arms from the wall and to her sides, turning and walking 
down
the wooden steps again. Each time easing her foot against the stair, 
listening
to each one tick and creak under her. Turning away from the windows she 
pushed
on the door to Washu's lab; slowly, easing the thing open before her. With a
final glance behind her she leant forward, peering around the door.

"Washu?" she murmured. She could only make out a multitude of colourful and
alien lights quietly brooding in distance. She leaned
in a little, her hand tight against the doorframe. "Washu, are you there?" 
she
asked, hopefully. Nothing answered her. She shivered, the air in the 
laboratory
was cold. It crept down her spine like frost. "Are you asleep?" Ryoko 
swallowed
and looked behind the door. "Little Washu? Mom? M-o-m?" she wailed the last 
word
as loud as she dared, waited, and drew the door shut again.

Outside the massed trees were barely moving. The highest branches stirred,
hinting at the swell of dark and tangled limbs that was alive beneath them.
There was no sound. Ryoko moved silently across the floor, drawn 
irresistibly to
the windows. The sky was clear, and entirely the moon's. At the corner of 
the
light Ryoko paused, afraid to enter it. Everything about her loomed, waiting 
to
draw her out of the shadows and into that bright quarter. Her hands balled 
into
fists. Ryoko shuffled forward, staring intensely through the window, 
desperate
not to feel so vulnerable. Her gaze roamed up, through the dark trees, 
across
their tops, over and over until her fingertips met the cold glass. Ryoko 
craned
her neck, trying to stop herself from seeing, until she alighted upon the
menacing black outline of the shrine.

With a quiet gasp she stepped back, her cold hands clasped together at her
bosom. Her eyes squeezed shut she tried to force the familiar image from her
mind, clamping her jaw shut, her lips worked wordlessly. Ryoko opened her 
eyes.
The windows were vast, vacant staring eye sockets. She cried out again,
lifted off the floor and vanished.

Inside Tenchi's room she reappeared, breathing heavily, fighting to control
herself. There were blinds across his windows, leaving his room dark, warm,
safe... soundless except for the familiar rise and fall of Tenchi's 
breathing.
Trembling, Ryoko stood next to his bed, watching him for a moment before 
closing
her eyes and shaking her head quickly. She sat down on the floor, leaning 
back
against the wall and stretching her legs out. In her lap her hands continued 
to
shake. She brought one up towards Tenchi's exposed arm before drawing her 
knees
up to her chest and hugging them. The digital alarm clock on Tenchi's 
bedside
table was blank. Ryoko knew it must have been past midnight.

With a weak smile she rested her head against the side of Tenchi's mattress,
still watching the room intently. In a moment her
breathing was less ragged, her pulse had slowed; she let out a long, quiet 
sigh
and pressed up closer against the side of Tenchi's bed. Quickly, her eyes
began to close. Almost smiling she shook herself awake and stood up again 
before
deliberately pacing around the room. Every few minutes she stopped and 
watched
Tenchi in his bed, pricking her ears up before she continued.

Tenchi gave a quiet moan and turned in the sheets, rolling over onto his 
front,
one of his legs barely hanging off the bed. Ryoko stopped again, her heart 
in
her throat, waiting before she made her way over to the bed and lay down 
beside
it. As her fingers made a cradle for her head she stared up at the ceiling. 
A
grin crossed her features as she looked back on what had just happened as if 
it
were part of a dissolving nightmare. It vanished when she looked over to the
faintly glowing blinds in front of the windows. The same quiet terror began 
to
well up again. Beneath her was a whole house worth of silence and darkness,
alone in an empty, shadowy, windswept landscape. Hellishly, she felt her 
mind
drag her back up the steps to the shrine, under the shadows of the sentinel
trees. Forcing herself to go treading across the low and level flagstones 
and up
to the gaping broken jaw of the cave.

Ryoko bit her hand to save from crying out. Her mind reached out to Washu, 
again
without success. "Mom," she whispered, screwing her eyes shut and pressing
herself against the cold, impersonal bulk of Tenchi's bed.

As the room gradually lightened Ryoko uncurled herself and sat up, spending 
the
next few hours watching the slow approach of dawn. She rubbed her bloodshot
eyes, already sore from crying, and in the faint glow tried to tidy herself 
up
using one of Tenchi's CDs as a mirror. Sitting down on the chair beside his 
desk
she waited for the first sign of morning before she woke Tenchi up.

"Tenchi," she cooed, placing her hand on his arm and gently squeezing it.
"Tenchi," she shook him, watching as he mumbled something and started to 
roll
over onto his back. "Come on," she continued, smiling at him as he opened 
his
eyes, "time to get up, my Tenchi."

He blinked, propping himself up on his elbows and looking around before 
rubbing
his eyes. "Wha-, what is it, Ryoko?" he murmured, looking up at her. "Why 
are
you- Why didn't my alarm-"

"The power's out, and somebody had to wake you up," she smiled,
still holding his arm. He sat up and studied the alarm clock for a second 
before
leaning out of the bed and running his fingers down its cable to the plug
socket.

"What, don't you believe me?"

"I wasn't sure," he replied, leaning over to the window and peeling the 
blind
away in one corner. "What time did it go out?"

"Around midnight, I think."

"Wait a second," Tenchi squinted out of the window, "what time is it now? 
The
sun's barely up!"

"Awww, Tenchi, I was lonely. I couldn't sleep," she pleaded.

He fell back into the sheets with a thud.

"Ryoko," he sighed, closing his eyes, "it's too early. Go back to bed."

"But Tenchi," her fingers curled around his wrist. He turned over, tugging
himself from her grasp. She mouthed his name a final time and phased through 
the
wall into the corridor beyond. Everything was still as it had been those 
hours
ago, only now swathes of watery yellow light were pouring in through the
windows. From downstairs she saw the bright circle of the nearest star 
rising
climbing through the ranged mountains and into a cold grey sky. The wind 
kicked
across the garden in front of the house, rattling the glass in its panes. 
Ryoko
shivered at the chill, miserable sight. She made her way to the sofa, curled 
up
on her side amongst the cushions and let her eyes drift shut.

-

"Don't bother."

Mihoshi turned in the kitchen doorway, staring back into the room.

"Ryoko?"

Ryoko sat up from her place on the sofa, blinking as she ran a hand through 
her
hair and shook her head.

"The power's out."

"Oh, I didn't notice you... it is?" Mihoshi pulled the neck of her robe 
closer
about her and walked over to the sofa, sitting down at Ryoko's feet. "It 
seemed
cold down here."

"Yeah well, I'm sure Washu can sort something out, whenever she drags 
herself
out of that precious lab of hers."

Mihoshi smacked her lips.

"I could do with some coffee," she said quietly before yawning.

"I could do with some sake," Ryoko answered, standing up. "Care to join me?"

"Hmm?"

"I'm going to the onsen, take a bath," she plucked at the neck of her dress.

"Oh, sure. I'll come with you."

-

"Say, you seem to be up early this morning. Either that or you were really
sleeping light when I came down..."

"Mmm? Oh," Ryoko finished off her dish and dropped it onto the wooden floor,
"that."

"Yeah, it didn't seem like you, if you don't mind me saying."

"Well, let's just say it wasn't the best of nights for me, okay?" Ryoko
answered, slipping down into the water until it came up to her chin.

"Really? Did you have a nightmare?" Mihoshi asked, placing her own dish to 
one
side and leaning forward in the water. Ryoko tilted her head, arching her
eyebrows.

"Something like that," she replied and sank her mouth below the warm water,
peering intently into it.

"Want to talk about it?"

Ryoko shook her head slowly, her distant gaze fixed on the bath's floor.

"That's okay, as long as you're feeling better now," Mihoshi continued.

Ryoko shrugged and slipped down the edge of the bath, disappearing under the
water. A crowd of bubbles popped on the surface and she re-emerged, blinking
water out of her eyes.

"Say, Mihoshi," she looked over at the girl with a grin, "did you have any 
plans
for the next few days?"

"Not outside of an emergency, no. Why? What are you thinking?"

"Well, with the power down this seems like a good chance to get everyone out 
of
the house for a while, doesn't it?"

"Out of the house?"

"You know, go camping or something. Be nice for a change," she studied the 
girl
again, "don't you think?"

"Who, everyone?"

"No, I doubt we could persuade Washu to come anyway. Same goes for Tenchi's
folks, so that'd leave us, Tenchi, Sasami and Her Royal Highness."

"I guess I just hadn't thought of anything like it."

"Sound good, though?"

"Oh yes, I mean, it'd be nice to do something like that. Now that we've got 
the
excuse, too," Mihoshi replied, smiling.

With a grin and a slow nod Ryoko sank into the water again.

"It's not like there's much to do in the house, anyway," Mihoshi continued,
picking her dish up and draining it in one motion. "I just hope the
weather's not too bad."

The door to the onsen rattled open. Both the bath's occupants looked up as 
Ayeka
walked in, closing the door behind her.

"Here you are," she said, faintly out of breath. "I was wondering where... 
Do
either of you happen to know what-"

"Power cut," Ryoko interrupted, pouring herself another dish of sake and 
sitting
up in the bath. "Before you get that far," she flashed the princess a grin 
and
downed the alcohol, letting out a long, happy sigh.

"Oh, I see," Ayeka replied. "Well, thankyou-"

"Wait, is Tenchi not up yet?" Ryoko asked.

"Why?"

"Well, when I woke him up earlier I told him what had happened. What time is 
it
anyway?"

"Woke him up? What do you mean-" Ayeka began, starting forward.

"Oh, don't worry," Ryoko shook her head and waved one hand at the girl. 
"It's
not what you think. I only wanted to check he didn't need to get up." Ayeka
looked blankly back at her. "His alarm clock's mains powered-"

"Oh, I see," she clasped one hand to her chest and exhaled.

"Entirely honourable, I can assure you... ooh, speaking of which," Ryoko
indicated for her to come over, "we'd like to have a word with you, 
princess."

"What? What about?" she said curtly, stepping to the edge of the bath.

Ryoko leaned out of the water and poured a fresh dish of sake before holding 
it
up.

"Here."

"What's this for?" Ayeka studied the dish, looking down at Ryoko.

"Oh, be sociable!" Ryoko laughed, "besides, you'll need it once you hear 
what
we've got in store."

"Oh God," she whispered, finished the drink in a single draught and knelt 
down
beside them. "What is it?"

"Well, since there's nothing to lose Mihoshi and I were proposing a little
outing... nothing big, just a couple of days in the countryside. Something 
to
get us out of the house."

Ayeka began to stand up.

"No, I don't think so."

"Oh well," Ryoko settled back into the water and closed her eyes, "your 
loss."

"Hardly," she turned and made straight for the door.

"Whatever will Tenchi make of this?"

Ayeka stopped, looking back.

"Tenchi? Don't tell me-"

"Oh yes, we've already spoken to him about the idea," Ryoko explained, 
unmoving.

"And he agreed?" Ayeka cried, approaching Ryoko. She opened her eyes and 
grinned
at the princess again. With a scowl Ayeka turned and left. The door rattled 
shut
behind her. In the bath Mihoshi was sitting bolt upright, wide-eyed, 
watching
Ryoko jump out of the water and scramble to pick a towel up.

"But Ryoko, you haven't-"

"Never mind that, quickly, just put this on," she threw the towel across the
room
as Mihoshi began climbing out of the bath.

"Why, where are we-" Mihoshi started as Ryoko phased behind her and lifted 
her
into the air. "Hey, Ryoko!" The two vanished, reappearing in the corridor
outside Tenchi's room. Ryoko stepped back, already dressed, as Mihoshi drew 
the
towel closer around her body.

"Quickly," Ryoko began, knocking on Tenchi's door. "Go in there and explain 
the
plan to him." There was a murmur from the other side of the door.

"Plan? What? The camping-"

"Yes! Yes the camping," Ryoko nodded furiously, sliding the door open and
propelling Mihoshi through with her other hand. "And for God's sake make out 
it
was your idea!" she shouted through, slamming the door and leaning back 
against
the wall.

In his bed Tenchi clawed the covers across his body.

"Mi- Mihoshi," he cried out before lowering his voice. "What is it? Is
everything okay?"

"Oh, yes, yes," she nodded, looking around for a moment before approaching 
his
bed. "I'm sorry for just barging in here, it's just that..."

There were three heavy booms against the wall, followed by Ryoko's voice: 
"get
on
with it!"

Mihoshi turned, shouting back.

"All right, all right!"

Tenchi shifted on the bed. As Mihoshi turned back to him he spoke up,
tentatively pointing to the door.

"Are you sure nothing's wrong?"

"Oh, it's nothing," Mihoshi promised, "I'm just a little eager to ask you
something."

Looking at the join of the towel she was holding together at her front 
Tenchi
flinched back against the window.

"What? What is it?" he mumbled, dragging a pillow between his hands and 
working
his fingers frantically around the edge.

"Well, seeing as the electricity's down, and since we didn't have anything 
else
to do I were wondering if you'd like to go on a little trip," she smiled as 
he
slumped a fraction in the bed and sighed.

"Oh, is that all," he said after a moment, looking up. "Sorry, I was just...
this just seemed to have Ryoko's fingerprints all over it - what you were
saying-" he looked down again, noticing his steadily restless hands and 
shaking
the pillow out of his grasp. He began to chew on his thumbnail, giving 
Mihoshi a
concerned look.

"Really? Well, I wouldn't know anything about that," Mihoshi admitted. She
pointed at the end of his bed. "Do you-"

"No no, go right ahead, please," Tenchi said, encouragingly shaking one
hand at her as she sat down. "You were... er-"

"I just wanted us to get out of the house for a change, just to spend a few 
days
in the country. I spoke to the other girls about it but they don't want 
anything
to do with it unless you come along too..." she looked across at him. 
"That's
what Ryoko was shouting about just now, she didn't even want me bothering 
you
with this. I don't know, she's probably right," she said, standing up, "I'm
sorry, I just got caught up in the idea, I guess."

Outside, Ryoko opened her eyes and found herself smiling viciously. "Clever
girl," she said to herself.

"And what is that supposed to mean?" Ayeka asked, breathlessly coming to a 
halt
on the stairs.

"Not you," Ryoko shot her a look. "So, have you decided about our little 
offer
yet?"

"I'm not here to talk to you, I want to see Lord Tenchi."

Ryoko held up her hand.

"One at a time."

Mihoshi's laugh burst through the wall from Tenchi's room. Ayeka's eyes 
widened
for a second. On seeing Ryoko's unbroken smile she frowned, her jaw clamped
shut.

"You're a devious one, Ryoko," she said at last, looking her rival in the 
eye.
"I'll give you that much."

"Oh, I can't take all the credit. Mihoshi's got more sides to her than we 
might
have thought. Fortunately for some," she added with a brief laugh.

"Really," Ayeka said under her breath. "What do you hope to accomplish with
all this?"

The door to Tenchi's bedroom slid open. Ryoko grinned.

"You'll see."

"Oh, were you both waiting for me?" Tenchi asked, stepping out into the 
corridor
after Mihoshi and pulling the door closed behind him.

"Something like that," Ryoko said, staring back at Ayeka. "So," she phased 
out
and appeared behind Tenchi, draping one arm around his neck and looking past 
him
at Mihoshi, "don't tell me, he's quite content to stay at home for the next 
few
days, electricity or no? Aren't you, my Tenchi?"

"Actually," Mihoshi began.

"Actually," Tenchi chimed in, "I like the idea. So can I count on either of 
you
two joining us? And willingly," he snapped at Ryoko, "I don't want you 
moping
around once we get there. If you're going to be miserable then you can just 
stay
here."

Ryoko's hand crept up and ruffled his hair. She laughed.

"You're so cranky when you've just woken up, and believe me, I should know," 
she
swept past Ayeka and down the stairs.

"That..." Ayeka half-turned, clenching her fists before her head snapped 
back to
Tenchi. Her gaze darted across the corridor before meeting his briefly. "I'm
sorry about that, I would be delighted to join you on your trip, Lord 
Tenchi."
In a breath she had turned and was stalking down the stairs.

"What's this?" Ryoko paused for a second on hearing the voice, "I sense the 
cogs
of someone's mind turning this morning, hmm?" Washu peered up at her 
daughter
with a childishly joyful smile on her face.

"I don't know what you're talking about," Ryoko replied, unamused. She 
stepped
around Washu.

"Oh my! The most devious scheme yet!" Washu gasped, turning, all the while
beaming. "Whatever's my little Ryoko up to?"

"You wouldn't be interested."

"Maybe not, but I bet Tenchi would be," she began running to the base of the
stairs, calling out "oh TEN-"

Ryoko swept her mother up in her arms and clapped a hand across her mouth.

"Shh! What is it with you?"

"Little Washu? Did you say something?" Tenchi appeared on the landing. 
Ryoko's
hand slid down from Washu's face.

"Oh, it's nothing, I've found her now," she replied, wriggling free. "Now 
come
along, your mother wants a word with you," she told
Ryoko, skipping off to her lab. Ryoko grimaced and strode after
her.

"I don't like it in here," Ryoko declared, rubbing one shoulder with her 
hand,
her eyes working over every stainless surface, "it's cold. Besides, I was 
going
to get something to eat."

"This laboratory is kept at a bracing two hundred and eighty five degrees
Kelvin, for your information," Washu replied, "anything more and you get
sluggish. Like it or not it keeps you alert, Ryoko. It keeps your mind 
sharp.
Not that you need much help with that, apparently."

"What are you talking about?" Ryoko continued to absently study a row of
distant, apparently empty tanks which sank into a bed of metallic pipes. All 
the
while trying to fit the waking image to the field of cold, distant stars she 
had
witnessed before.

"Oh, I'm so proud!" Washu clasped her hands together. "Finally my daughter 
is
living up to her potential." Ryoko looked back at her. "So come on, tell 
your
mom what you've been plotting," she settled back into her chair and crossed 
her
legs. "Whyever do you want to get everybody out of the house?"

Ryoko shrugged. Washu nestled her chin into her palm, digits framing the
underside of her face.

"Hmmm, either you've become very good at hiding things from our link, or..."

"Or what?" Ryoko snapped, letting her arms fall down to her sides. "I'm sick 
of
your games, Washu."

"This is intreaguing," the scientist said at last, turning slightly in her
chair. "I think I shall have to come along with your little trip to satisfy 
my
scientific curiosi-"

"What? No, Washu, you can't! I don't want you there," Ryoko started, taking 
a
step forward. Washu turned her head, staring resolutely back at the girl for 
a
time before Ryoko turned and opened the door.

"Yeah, God forbid you should ever be there when I _do_ need you, mom," she
shouted, slamming the door after her. The hollow chime above the door 
rattled
for a time and fell silent. In her chair Washu sagged forward, her 
outstretched
hands cradling her face. The tireless hum of the machines paved neatly over 
her
sobbing.

-

It was already evening by the time Ryoko sat up from the warm rut she had 
carved
into the sofa. Outside the sky was advancing in relentless tones of lead, 
made
bearable only by the last hour of the sun shrinking behind the mountains. 
She
rubbed her eyes. On the table two candles had been set, guttering in the
advancing gloom. Beside them Mihoshi was craning out of her seat, twisting 
the
book she held into the jumping yellow light. She looked up at Ryoko.

"Oh, you're up at last."

"Mmm," Ryoko mumbled, making a titanic effort to yaw herself upright. "What 
time
is it?"

Mihoshi looked down at her watch, placing the book face-down on the table.

"Just gone seven. You know you've been asleep since... wow, it must have 
been
noon. Are you sure you're feeling okay?"

"No," Ryoko laughed and stretched, giving a long pained sigh and collapsing 
back
against the sofa.

"You're just catching up for last night, I'll bet."

"Yeah, and I'll be doing the same tomorrow morning if I'm not careful," she
said, staring at one of the candles through half-open eyes.

"Hmm?" Mihoshi intoned, inquisitive.

Ryoko turned her head, glancing out of the windows for a moment before 
turning
back.

"Say, do you know if Washu's out of her lab?"

"No, I haven't seen her all day. Not since this morning, anyway. Was she 
talking
to you?"

"Damn," Ryoko said under her breath before looking up. "Oh, yeah," she added
casually, shaking her head. "I meant since then."

Mihoshi looked up over Ryoko, staring through the mound of equipment that 
had
become massed in the living room.

"Um... no, I'm sure I haven't seen her."

"Oh, well," Ryoko sighed and stood up, stretching her legs as she walked 
around
the sofa. "She might be buried under all this, for all we know," Ryoko
suggested, leaning over and tugging at the canvas of the nearest tent. "How 
many
of tents do we have, anyway?"

"Three. They're all reasonable, though, no holes or anything like that."

"Three? That means someone's going to have to share with Tenchi," Ryoko 
grinned.

"What? Is-"

"Yes. Washu's coming too." Ryoko admitted. "S-o," she laboured the word, 
walking
back over to Mihoshi and sitting down, "are we going to draw lots or what?"
Mihoshi looked back at her. "For who gets to sleep with Tenchi."

"Oh!" Mihoshi exclaimed, shuffling back in her seat and clutching her book 
to
her body. She laughed for a moment before looking up and seeing Ryoko's
expression. Her laughter faded out. "Um, can we really do that? Shouldn't 
Tenchi
be in on this?"

"Perhaps," Ryoko tilted her head, glancing up at the ceiling. "But I don't 
see
what difference it would make; he'd ignore us whatever we arranged."

Mihoshi said nothing, leaning back forward in her seat and returning to her 
book
as Ryoko's eyes drifted half-closed again. She propped her elbows on her 
knees,
dropping her chin into her cupped hands. Her eyes drifted shut until she 
heard
Mihoshi replace her book on the table. The chair creaked as the detective 
stood
up and stretched, picking up the candle.

"You want anything from the kitchen?" she asked.

Ryoko shook her head.

"Are you sure? Have you eaten anything today?"

"I'm fine," Ryoko said, closing her eyes again and sighing as Mihoshi walked
off. She came back a moment later, chewing at one corner of a slice of bread 
and
staring impassively out of the window. The candle clattered back onto the 
table.
Mihoshi took her seat again, sinking into it, arranging the pillows close 
around
her as she watched the low scudding clouds.

"Looks like rain," she observed, tearing another piece of bread off.

"Hmmm?" Ryoko turned and glanced through the window. The evening had 
swallowed
everything except the open ground before the house, and this was creeping in 
as
a long shadow crawled out from under the trees. "We'll see."

"I hope not," Mihoshi added, finishing off her snack.

"Seven, you said?" Ryoko asked, straightening up.

"What?"

"The time. You said it was seven," she looked up at Mihoshi. The girl 
nodded.
"So where is everyone?"

"I think Sasami's asleep, since we're leaving so early tomorrow morning. I 
don't
know about Ayeka and Tenchi, though. Probably in their rooms, too."

"Great," Ryoko murmured and punched the cushion under her. "Just great. Why
couldn't we have left tonight?"

Mihoshi glanced up before retreating back into her book. Soon she had curled 
her
legs up under her, leaning against one arm of her chair and precariously
mounting one of the squat candles on top of it. Settled, she ploughed though 
a
consecutive lifetime of pages as Ryoko continued to not watch her, entirely
absorbed.

It came as a quiet shock when Mihoshi gave a loud yawn and unfolded her legs
back to the floor. Outside the evening had set. There was no sun.

"Ooh, it's cold," Mihoshi rubbed her hands together, hunching forward.

Ryoko started gently in her place, watching the girl as she drew her knees 
up to
her chin and began rubbing her shins.

"Say, Mihoshi," she began, smiling.

"Mmm?"

"What you said this morning, to Tenchi... about the trip..." she saw 
Mihoshi's
expression flicker for a second before she smiled back knowingly and gave a
small nod.

"Well, you said to pretend it was my idea," Mihoshi replied, quickly 
glancing
down at the table. "Why? Did it surprise you?"

"You're quite the natural at it," Ryoko observed, grinning and leaning back,
spreading her arms across the back of the sofa.

"Well, I want to go on this trip," she confessed, looking up, "it's not like 
I
make a habit of acting this way. I felt bad enough doing it at the time. And 
you
shouting at me didn't help."

Ryoko laughed.

"I'm sorry. I'll have more faith in you in future." Mihoshi looked away, 
resting
her chin between her knees. "In everything, in everything!" Ryoko quickly 
added,
reaching out with one arm. "Don't worry, I don't just mean like that. Hell, 
you
saw me with Ayeka." Her arm fell back to her side. Mihoshi looked up again. 
"All
this fighting with her, you just learn to think two steps ahead. I didn't 
think
it had affected you like that."

"It hasn't. Being in the police has."

"Well..." Ryoko made as if to say something else before she smiled and shook 
her
head. "Anyway, you want something to drink?"

Mihoshi shook her head.

"That's all right, thanks, I was thinking of turning in."

"Are you sure?" Ryoko asked quickly. "Just one drink, hmm, it'll help you 
sleep
anyway," she smiled as best she could, sighing from a tight chest when 
Mihoshi
nodded.

"Well, okay, but just one. I don't want a hangover tomorrow. We have to be 
up at
five."

"Yeah, yeah," Ryoko grinned, reappearing and pouring two glasses worth of
alcohol. "The sooner the better," she raised hers, "meanwhile this helps 
smooth
things over. Cheers."

One of the candles had burned out by the time Ryoko reappeared in the 
lounge.
She had returned from Mihoshi's room, carrying a blanket with her which she 
duly
wrapped around the sleeping form. Mihoshi turned over in the chair, pulling 
the
cover tight around her before lying still again. Ryoko studied her for a 
moment
before phasing out and into the corridor outside Tenchi's room.

It was darker here and warmer. She fancied she could just hear the stirring 
of
silent bodies beyond the walls. Blood marched in her head as she pressed her 
ear
to Tenchi's door. The same stillness threatened from inside his bedroom; she
didn't know if she imagined or heard him breathing. Someone coughed in the 
room
opposite. Ryoko appeared through the door, peering at the familiar shape 
curled
up in Tenchi's bed. She stayed watching him for a few moments before 
reappearing
back in the lounge.

Mihoshi was still passed out, her stretched leg dangerously close to the 
bottle
on the tabletop. Ryoko reached down, flung herself onto the couch, drained 
what
was left of the bottle's contents and promptly joined her co-conspirator in
sleep.

-

"What's this?" Washu squeezed through her doorway, hemmed in by the pile of
equipment stacked next to it. The portal quit behind her, leaving her 
peering
around the room, frowning. "Well this won't do," she declared, clapping her
hands and nodding as a faint glow spread throughout the lounge. "There we 
are."

Peering over the back of the sofa she saw her daughter's eye flick open. The
pupil drew in, darkening, already trained upon Washu. Ryoko's mouth twisted 
into
a luxurious grin.

"Is it time?" she asked.

"It's morning, if that's what you mean," Washu replied, still looking down 
at
her. "Anyway, what's got you so spry? Usually you can't-"

"What time is it?"

Washu frowned.

"Just gone four-thirty. Why?"

Ryoko's hand snapped on the back of the sofa and she vaulted over it, 
landing
softly and making for the stairs.

"You wake Mihoshi up," she told Washu, pausing midway and fighting to keep 
from
smiling. "Leave Tenchi and the others to me."

"Wait a minute, Ryoko!" Washu protested, moving to the base of the steps. 
Ryoko
had already vanished, the flight beyond the first floor creaking with every
measured step she took.

Sighing, Washu sat down on the sofa, looking over at Mihoshi.

"She got you too, huh?"

-

It was beside Tenchi's door that she paused, half-crouched, flexing her 
fingers
before barely weighing their tips against the wooden panel. She clamped the 
tip
of her tongue between her teeth, quietly wracked with sobs of laughter as 
one
hand slid through the door. It remained there for a moment, twisting blindly
before she drew it back and began to ease the door to one side, determined 
not
to cheat this time. The runners were mute, the entrance half open as she 
made
one final glance around her and side-stepped into the room. With a click the
door
shut behind her. She turned, an ally of the darkness, and stalked towards
Tenchi's bed.

He was lying with his back to her, knees drawn partway to his chest, only 
his
head showing from under the sheets. She reached down with one hand, slipping 
it
under the sheets and beside Tenchi's back before testing the mattress with 
it.
Her hand was delightfully snug next to him. Ryoko became aware of how cool 
the
room now felt to her, and of how warm and safe and close the inside of his 
bed
promised to be.

She knelt down, reaching her other arm under the blanket after the first,
immersing it. Her head lolled onto his mattress. She shut her eyes, daring 
to
inch her hand towards his back, barely breathing as her fingertips pressed
against him. There was no change in the fetch and miss of his breathing. 
With a
sigh Ryoko opened her eyes, grinning once more. After a moment she reached 
out,
flattening her hand against him, pausing again, waiting for him to bolt. He 
was
still as she worked her hand to his side, holding him.

Ryoko glanced over her shoulder at the dark, occupied square of the door.
Turning back she began to ease herself up off her knees, leaning into the 
bed,
one leg sliding under the sheets. She rolled onto the edge of the bed, 
barely
daring to breathe.

Tenchi gave a deep breath and uncurled a fraction, pressing his legs back
against Ryoko's. She bit her lip and brought both her legs under the blanket
next to Tenchi's, leaving only her torso peeled away from him. She leaned
forward. Her face brushed the back of his neck. With a shiver she
realised where she was; sunk deep into Tenchi's warm, forgiving bed, pressed
entirely against him.

Ryoko shut her eyes, wondering when she had last known comfort like this. At 
his
side her hand began to creep forward, up, moving across his chest until it 
could
feel the slow working of his heart. Instinctively she pressed Tenchi to her,
burying her face against his neck, recklessly hungry. She kissed his 
shoulder
once and he murmured wordlessly, drawing himself tighter against her, 
curling
her
body around his. She kissed him softly again, only wishing there was not the
last formality of her dress between them.

Footsteps sounded on the stairs. Ryoko's ears pricked up.

"Ryoko?" Washu called out tentatively. The steps resumed outside. "Ryoko?"
louder this time.

Ryoko propped herself up on one elbow, looking around the room. One hand 
barely
closed over Tenchi's ear.

"Washu!" she hissed. The footsteps stopped.

"Lil Ryoko?" Washu called back knowingly. Ryoko's double appeared in the
corridor, glowering. "Oh, I think I know where the rest of you is!" she 
declared
gleefully and hopped past the form to between the two doors.

"Now who should I wake up first?" Washu asked, turning smartly on her heels 
to
face Ryoko's double.

"Washu!"

"Pretty awkward no matter who gets up first, isn't it?"

"Washu... don't," the double sagged as if its strings went slack. "Just stop
it."

"Well someone's surly this morning, aren't they?"

The door to Ayeka's room drew open. Ryoko's double snapped upright, eyes 
wide
before she melted back into the wall. Ayeka stepped into the hallway, 
blinking.
In the middle of yawning she froze on seeing Washu peering up at Tenchi's 
door,
one arm raised to the handle as if conducting.

"Miss Washu!"

"Well he's adamant enough," Washu declared, facing Ayeka.

"What do you mean?"

"'Just five more minutes' he says. What have you girls been doing to that 
poor
boy?"

"Doing to him? What do you-"

"Come on, come on," Washu insisted, ushering Ayeka down the landing and to 
the
lip of the stairs. "Someone's got to make sure you girls don't wind up 
killing
him."

"Miss Washu!" Ayeka declared, struggling a step ahead and pausing. She 
looked
back at Washu and began down the stairs herself. "I'm quite capable of 
moving
myself, and I'm quite sure I don't know what you're talking about. It's no
secret as to who's the cause of Tenchi's unres-"

"You're just like Ryoko when you wake up, you know that? I'd hate to think 
how
Tenchi'd feel waking up next to either one of you." Washu said, jumping the 
last
two steps. Sitting up in her chair Mihoshi started at the sound before 
shaking
her head and yawning. Washu turned to face Ayeka. "I, on the other hand, am
quite the diplomat. Tenchi wouldn't have all these problems if he'd just 
wake up
next to me every morning."

"Washu, please!" Ayeka snapped. She looked across the room. "Where is Ryoko
anyway?"

Ryoko strained to hear the voices recede, almost daring to creep up in the 
bed a
fraction before she lay back down and took her hand from Tenchi's ear. Her 
grin
broke out again, her throat seizing around a laugh. She was content to be
silent. Taking the covers in her hand she pulled them up over her head, 
burying
her face back against Tenchi's neck. She stayed there until the air became 
too
hot, sitting up and peering out into the darkness around her. Two thin 
blades of
moonlight were  shining through the window blinds. Slowly Ryoko reached up,
peeling away a corner of the blind and looking through the window. The 
ragged
shape of the moon was set alone against the sky.

Ryoko shivered and retreated back against Tenchi, slipping her arm around 
him
again. Outside there was the sound of a vehicle pulling up in front of the
house. Her arms tightened around him momentarily. She leaned down, kissed 
the
side of his face once, murmuring "I don't have to be scared here, Tenchi" 
and
disappeared from the bed into the hallway outside. There she absently tugged 
at
her sleeves until they covered her knuckles, her breath coming quickly. She
swallowed, realising her mouth was dry.

Looking up she noticed Sasami in the doorway to Ayeka's room.

"Ah, Ryoko, good morning," Sasami said, stretching.

"Looking forward to this little excursion?" Ryoko asked, folding her arms 
behind
her head and reclining in mid air.

"Not as much as you are, I think," Sasami laughed. Ryoko flipped over 
backwards
onto her feet and spread her arms for a moment.

"Does it show that much?"

"Yeah, I don't think I've seen you this happy in a while," Sasami continued.

"Well, I..." Ryoko burst out laughing. "It's already turning out to be a lot 
of
fun. Anyway, could you do me a favour?"

"Sure, what is it?"

"Could you wake Tenchi up? I'd do it, but you know how he is about me going 
into
his room," she laughed again and thanked Sasami before gliding off down the
stairs.

Sasami walked up to Tenchi's door. It opened in front of her and Tenchi 
stepped
out.

-

Noboyuki had pulled the van up as near to the front door as he could. A 
light
rain was falling. Aside from the soft glow inside the house and the lights 
on
the van it was dark, the moon smothered by clouds. Immediately he began
shuttling the camping gear from the living room to the back of the vehicle. 
By
the time he was finished his passengers were congregating in the lounge.

"Well, is everyone here?" he asked, clapping his hands together.

"I think so," Tenchi replied, flanked by Ryoko and Ayeka. He cast a quick 
glance
at each as they filed out of the house with him, finding himself sandwiched
between them on the back seat. The van pulled away. Tenchi felt Ryoko lean
against him, one hand moving across her body and slowly closing around his 
arm.
He looked at her. She was staring out of her window.

"Err, Ryoko," he ventured, closing his hand over hers and beginning to prise 
it
away. Ryoko suddenly turned to face him, looking down at her hand.

"Oh," she slipped it from between his fingers in surprise.

"What are you doing?" Ayeka asked, leaning around Tenchi, her own hands 
latching
onto Tenchi's other arm.

"It's okay, Ayeka," Tenchi said at last. Ryoko grinned and pressed herself 
up
against him. One hand grabbed his arm, the other quickly wrapped itself 
across
his waist.

"Mmm, Tenchi," she murmured, burying her face against his neck.

"Ryoko!" Ayeka shouted, pulling Ryoko's arm from around Tenchi.

"Hey!" Ryoko said, sitting up. "I was only trying to catch up on some sleep 
on
Tenchi's shoulder." She turned to Tenchi. "You wouldn't mind that, would 
you?"

"Well," he looked back at Ayeka. She was staring at Ryoko. "Only if Ayeka 
can,
too."

"Of course," Ryoko declared, resting her head on his shoulder and shutting 
her
eyes. She tugged Tenchi's arm to her side, feeling him shift slightly as 
Ayeka
did the same thing. Ryoko stayed this way for another ten minutes before 
opening
her eyes. Across from her Washu was sitting back, regarding her daughter 
with a
look of gentle amusement. Next to her Mihoshi and Sasami had already fallen
back to sleep. Ryoko leaned forward a fraction, trying to see around Tenchi 
to
Ayeka. Washu caught her eye, nodding once with a conspiratorial grin.

"Thanks," she said earnestly across their link before letting her head slip 
down
off Tenchi's shoulder and sink slowly into his lap. Tenchi's whole body 
froze
underneath her. She turned, winking up at him before busying herself 
settling
herself against him. Bringing her hands up she rested her head on them, 
fingers
already gently squeezing Tenchi's thigh. He began to squirm underneath her,
prompting Ryoko to turn over, resting her face between his legs. His body
stopped moving, one arm held rigid over Ryoko's prone form.

His breath came back slowly as he realised Ryoko had stopped. Still it took 
him
a moment to dare to lower his hand, doing so on Ryoko's side. He let it stay
there for a moment before squeezing it gently. Ryoko turned slowly and 
looked up
at him. She was smiling. Before Tenchi could do anything she had sat up next 
to
him, holding his arm tightly around her body, kissed him once on his cheek 
and
settled back onto his shoulder.

Tenchi looked down for a second. As he looked up Washu caught his eye. She
looked decidedly pleased. He dropped his chin onto his chest and closed his
eyes.

It was light when he came to, uncomfortably warm between the two bodies. 
Outside
it was still overcast. The rain was hardly coming down. The van lurched into 
a
pothole, shaking him awake and upright. He negotiated his arm from Ayeka as
delicately as he could, rubbing the side of his neck and moving the coat 
that
had been draped across his body. Ryoko shifted slightly at his side, tugging 
at
his arm and murmuring "Tenchi, you'll get cold." She put the coat back 
across
his lap, lapsing back against him as she did.

"Come on, Ryoko," he said, picking her hand from around him and raising his
voice slightly. "We're almost there now." Nobody answered him.

"Careful," Ryoko said back to him, closing her arms around his body and 
running
the tip of her tongue up his neck. Tenchi shivered. He made to look at 
Ryoko,
stopping and glancing throughout the vehicle first. He turned to her, his 
eyes
wide.

"Ryoko!" he barely breathed.

She peered up at him, playfully innocent.

"What?" punctuating her question by gently licking his neck again. "Don't 
you
like it?" Tenchi looked around again before bringing his face next to hers.

"Ryoko," he whispered, "don't put me in this situation, please."

"What situation?" she whispered back. "Nobody has to know, Tenchi. So what 
if I
want to hug you? Or kiss you when you get up? Or anything else," Ryoko 
leaned
forward; their noses touched. She grinned, one hand moving under the coat on
Tenchi's lap.

"Ryoko." Tenchi said again.

"Okay, okay," her hand stopped. "But so what if I do? If you don't like it 
then
just say so, Tenchi," she looked him in his eyes. After a moment he began to
speak. His breath caught in his throat. Tenchi looked down, barely shaking 
his
head.

"Tenchi?" Ryoko asked. He looked up. Her hand stirred across his lap, 
prompting
a look of wild panic on Tenchi's face. As he opened his mouth to speak she
pressed her lips against his. He struggled blindly, pulling his head away, 
still
staring back at her. Ryoko laughed under her breath. The sound ended in a 
sigh
as she leaned towards him again. Again he didn't move, only once darting a
glance out of the corner of his eyes towards the sleeping forms opposite 
him. As
Ryoko's nose brushed against his attention snapped back. He found himself
staring into her eyes, unable to move.

One of Ryoko's hands had traced its way up his body, her fingers feathering 
the
hair on the back of Tenchi's head.

"It's fun being awake with you, Tenchi," she said. "Especially when nobody 
else
is."

"Ryoko," he smiled and turned away. Ryoko craned towards him until she 
caught
his eyes again. He swallowed and looked up at her.

"Don't you think?" she persisted. "I don't mind sharing the darkness with 
you."

Tenchi looked up at her. Ryoko's eyes shut, she inclined her head. The
hesitation of joy flickered out of Tenchi's expression for a moment. His 
eyes
searched before him, blinking. His free arm even reached out towards her, 
his
eyes seeking to engage hers again. She laughed at his puzzled expression,
ruffling his hair before straightening herself up.

"Ryoko?" Tenchi asked, his voice hushed. "Are you okay?"

The van drew to a halt. Tenchi glanced past Ryoko, looking through the 
window
behind her.

"What, are we there?"

"Sure are," Noboyuki replied. The handbrake creaked once and the vehicle's 
low
trembling died beneath them. Noboyuki stepped out, the door banging shut 
behind
him. The sleeping bodies in the van began to stir. Ryoko peered up at the
overcast sky and shivered.

"You know there's only three tents," she turned to face Tenchi, "don't you, 
my
Tenchi?"

"Three tents?" he asked as if trying the words for the first time.

"That's right," Washu declared. Ryoko and Tenchi started.

"You!" Ryoko said. "How long have you been listening?"

Washu laughed and sprang to her feet, her voice rising. "Three tents and six 
of
us... oh my!" She clapped her hands to her face. "Who's going to have to 
share
with Tenchi?"

"Share?" he replied, finding himself sinking back into his seat, his chest
tightening.

"Share?" Ayeka did her best to pretend she had never been asleep. "Washu, 
what
are you-"

"My little guinea pig and I have some unfinished business, don't we?" Washu 
said
with a grin, throwing herself onto Tenchi. Tenchi felt his throat seize. The
seat creaked behind him as he pushed himself harder against it. Moving as 
one
Ryoko and Ayeka reached out and flung Washu from him. She landed heavily 
against
Mihoshi, still chuckling. Mihoshi gave a quiet cry and opened her eyes.

"You girls," Washu continued.

"Washu? What is it?" Mihoshi asked, trying to extricate the scientist from
across her.

"Poor Tenchi, look at him. You girls have got him so worked up over this," 
Washu
let Mihoshi guide her back to her feet. "Now if you'd just let me take your 
mind
off this," she began towards Tenchi again. Ryoko threw herself across him, 
her
tone fierce.

"Oh no you don't, Washu. None of your experiments; Tenchi doesn't have to do
anything he doesn't want to," she pressed her face to his neck, shutting her
eyes. Her voice fell almost to a whisper, every word alive with a sensuous
tremor. "Within reason, of course."

"Be quiet!" Ayeka shouted, clutching Tenchi next to her. "Tenchi won't be 
doing
anything of that sort, will you, Tenchi?"

"Please!" Mihoshi said, raising her voice. The van went silent. "Can't we 
just
stop this for a few days? We've been fighting all the rest of the time, and
that's never got us anywhere, so I don't see what spoiling this trip with
arguing's going to achieve!" She noticed every pair of eyes rooted on her, 
shook
her head vaguely and looked down. "I..."

"Mihoshi's right," Tenchi said at last, prising the two girls off him and
sitting forward. "Can we please just spend a pleasant few days here without
having to worry about everybody falling out? If sharing a tent with me 
really
means so much to you then we'll work something out while we're here. 
With-out
fighting," he shared the last two words between Ryoko and Ayeka. "Now... now 
you
two shake hands over this," it sounded more like a suggestion than an order. 
The
two girls continued to regard each other. Finally Tenchi swallowed, barely 
took
hold of each of their hands, clapped them together in front of him and
instructed "now shake." Ryoko and Ayeka traded glances between each other 
and
Tenchi. The curious smile Ryoko wore found itself mirrored on Ayeka's face.
Their hands shook, lingered, and parted.

"Hey, come on, I loaded all this stuff," Noboyuki shouted.

"Coming, dad," Tenchi called back, squeezing to the door and getting out.

Sasami was laughing quietly to herself, watching the bemused faces of the 
girls
around her. Ryo-Ohki hopped down from her lap with a loud "Miya!" and 
scurried
out of the door after Tenchi.

"Ryo-Ohki! Come back!" Sasami laughed, following the cabbit.

Ryoko stood up, tapping Mihoshi on the shoulder. She looked up.

"Good work there," she said before stepping out the door and calling back 
over
her shoulder "come on, I'm sure you don't want just me getting into Tenchi's
good books."

"Are you sure you know the way back here, dad?" Tenchi asked as Noboyuki 
passed
him another armful of gear.

"Of course! The road's only about a half mile back that way," he sat on the 
lip
of the van's boot, pointing down the overgrown track to where it was swept 
up
into the forest. Putting his armful down Tenchi peered along the trail 
before
turning and sizing up the rest of their surroundings. The clearing they were 
in
lasted for about a quarter of a mile of gently rolling grassland. One side 
grew
into the wooded slope of a dark green mountain, the other simply dissolved 
into
trees for as far as he could see. In the distance the nearest of a chain of
brooding peaks was visible, half buried in cloud. At the end of the clearing 
the
land dipped, giving a view of a narrow, meandering valley. This too was 
marked
definitively by strings of foothills. He guessed there were more mountains
beyond them.

"Sure doesn't look like it," Tenchi replied finally.

"Well, even if I couldn't find you I don't think you'd have any regrets,"
Noboyuki laughed, slapping Tenchi on the back.

"D-a-d!" he complained.

"Oh, I'm sure he wouldn't," Ryoko said, walking up to him. "In fact, how 
much
would it cost for you to forget we were out here for a few extra days?"

"Ryoko, please!" Tenchi said again. Noboyuki laughed.

"You'll be fine, son. Go and have a good time."

"He will," Ryoko promised, throwing her arm around Tenchi's shoulder and 
leading
him away from the van. Ayeka looked up from where she was picking the first 
of
the three tents apart with Mihoshi and Washu.

"Ryoko!" she shouted.

"Hey, calm down," she laughed and squeezed Tenchi next to her a fraction 
before
letting her arm slip from around him. Ayeka turned back to her work. "Say,
Tenchi, do you want to go for a walk later today? Once everything's set up?"

"A walk?" he asked. Ryoko thought she saw him take half a step back from 
her.

"Just a walk," she smiled. "No tricks, I promise you."

He deliberated silently for a second.

"Well, sure. I'd enjoy that," he replied.

"You would?" Ryoko asked, leaping forward and squeezing him in her arms 
again as
he nodded. "Ohh, Tenchi!" she exclaimed in joy, letting him go. She reached 
out
and held his hand, walking with him towards the others.

"Only if you're good, though," Tenchi added, a quiet laugh in his voice.

Ryoko sidled up next to him, lowering her voice.

"Oh, I'll be good all right," she said, laughing with him.

"Ryoko!" he exclaimed, his face set in a rictus of smiling.

"Well I will!" she replied innocently.

Tenchi said nothing. He turned away from her, his hand squeezing hers once 
and
dropping back to his side.

Washu and Ayeka had already got the best part of the first tent into the 
air. As
Ryoko watched Tenchi went over to them and began helping Ayeka hammer the 
pegs
into the ground. Some distance away she could see Mihoshi just visible above 
the
grass. A moment later the back of the second tent slowly worked its way 
upright.
Ryoko went over to her, finding Mihoshi bent over a peg she was nailing into 
the
earth.

"I'd offer you a hand but you seem to be doing all right as you are."

"Hmm," Mihoshi looked up, "oh, thanks," she replied, disappearing the end of 
the
metal hook into the mud with a loud thud. She got up off her knees and 
propped
the other end of the tent up with another pole.

"You hold that, I'll hammer these ones in," Ryoko offered, holding her hand 
out.

"Oh, if you're sure," Mihoshi replied, handing over the mallet and sitting 
down
at the edge of the tent. "Thanks."

"No problem," Ryoko said, driving another peg down. "Say, Mihoshi, do you 
mind
if Tenchi has this tent?"

"No, why?"

"Well," Ryoko cast a glance back at the other tent before looking at Mihoshi 
and
grinning. "This one's nicely out of the way, isn't it?"

Mihoshi smiled and looked over at the other tent. Only the top was visible 
above
the grass.

"Plus it's in a hollow," Ryoko added, striking the last pin into place and
looking up.

"It is? Well, um, whatever could that mean?" Mihoshi asked knowingly, 
pressing a
finger to her forehead and staring up into space. She broke into laughter at
Ryoko's expression. "I'm sorry, I just couldn't resist."

Ryoko sat down next to her, unable to stop herself smiling.

"We've really had you wrong, haven't we?"

"I just don't think you've had a chance to see me at my best yet," Mihoshi
admitted. She gave a small shrug and stretched her legs out into the grass,
propping her arms behind her.

"So you were hoping to get Tenchi out here by himself, too?"

"Maybe," Mihoshi cocked her head to one side.

"Wow, I really didn't know the competition was so strong." They sat in 
silence
for a moment. Sasami went running between the two groups, chasing Ryo-Ohki
through the grass.

"So are you serious about Tenchi?" Ryoko asked at last. Mihoshi looked at 
her.
"As serious as Ayeka and I, that is," Ryoko added.

"I don't know," Mihoshi replied, looking back at her feet. She stretched one
foot towards the top of the grass, critically admiring the mud that clung to 
her
ankle.

"Well, how far would you go for him?"

"Go for him?" Mihoshi let her leg drift back to the ground. "What do you-"

"Would you die for him?" The question seemed almost a throwaway comment as 
she
asked it.

"Hey, you two!" Washu was calling them. "Are you going to help us at all?"

Mihoshi glanced at Ryoko.

"Go ahead if you want," Ryoko said, folding her arms behind her head and 
lying
back. The wind caught in the tent, flapping one side of it like the livid 
wall
of a heart before it died down. "I'm going to stay here for a while."

Without a word Mihoshi stood up and walked off. Ryoko watched her go. Once 
she
had vanished Ryoko guessed that it couldn't have been later than ten in the
morning. The wind changed again, carrying snatches of conversation to her. 
She
heard Tenchi saying something, the van door slamming shut and then the 
gradual
grind of it moving off. In a minute it had gone. In another minute, she
reasoned, it would have vanished into the trees and be lost to them. She 
smiled
and stretched out more, letting her eyes drift shut. It almost seemed that 
now
their group would have to remain there.

"Enjoying yourself?" Ryoko opened one eye. Washu was standing at her feet, 
one
hand propped on a hip, her expression unreadable.

"Not as much as I could be," Ryoko mused, letting her eye close again. She
rolled her head back. There was a quiet tap on the side of the tent.

"Hmmm?" Washu sat next to her. There was another tap on the tent. Something 
wet
pecked once at Ryoko's shin. "And just what have you and that Mihoshi been
plotting? I dread to think what the pair of you might be dreaming up."

"Quite the scheme, yes," Ryoko said with a grin.

"Oh?" Washu leaned across her, peering down at her daughter's face. "You're
going to team up with her to get Ten-chi?"

Ryoko's eyes opened. She sat up, her face advancing on Washu's.

"What? No!" she stopped herself, lying back down with her legs still in the
rain. "Not like _that_. At least, I don't think that's what Mihoshi's 
after."

"But what about you, hmm? Come on, you can tell your mom."

"I thought you already knew," Ryoko grumbled, turning and facing the side of 
the
tent.

Unfazed, Washu continued, the same child-like joy audible in her voice.

"Well, it's not like it's ever been a secret, my dear. And with what you've 
been
doing to Tenchi as of late..." she laughed. "So, now that you've got him 
where
you want him what are you going to do next? What's the continuation of my
brilliant daughter's plan?"

Ryoko rolled over, finding Washu sitting staring eagerly at her. She propped
herself up on one elbow, levelling a stare back at the scientist.

"Should I even trust you with this, Washu?" she laughed quietly and shook 
her
head.

"After all I've done for you today?" Washu asked, taken aback.

"I know that," Ryoko explained, before quickly adding "do you think I'd be
telling you this if I didn't?"

"So, come on," Washu set her hands on her knees and leaned forward intently.

"Well," Ryoko ran one hand through her hair, yawning, "he's already agreed 
to go
on a walk with me later."

"Alone?"

"If I have anything to do with it. And hopefully then I'll be able to 
convince
him it's only fair to let me spend at least one night with him."

"And once you do?"

"Hey!" Ryoko leaned back. "That's between me and Tenchi," she smiled until 
her
teeth showed, letting out a low, contented purr.

"And what if everyone else is planning the same thing?" Washu paused. "Even 
me?"

"Washu!" Ryoko cried, grabbing the front of Washu's collar. "You listen, 
there's
only one person Tenchi's going to end up with when this is over, and that's
_me_."

"You're not going to get him acting like that," Washu said. Ryoko let her go 
and
slumped back to the floor of the tent.

"Hey, Ryo-Ohki!" Washu looked up. The cabbit came running into the tent,
miaowing furiously and jumping onto Washu. She cradled Ryo-Ohki to her bosom 
as
the cabbit tried to shake itself, its fur wet. "There you are!" Sasami 
declared,
stepping into the tent. "She was looking for wild carrots, I think. Then it
started raining."

"Miaow! Miaow!" Ryo-Ohki protested. Washu hugged the cabbit to her bosom 
more
firmly.

"Come on, you can look for carrots later. You'll just get wet if you try 
now,"
she explained, stroking Ryo-Ohki's head.

"Miyaa," she keened reluctantly before resigning herself to Washu's 
attentions.

Sasami sat down, holding the tent's flap open with one hand and peering out
across the clearing. She looked down.

"Ryoko, your legs are getting wet."

"I'll live," she replied, mindfully driving one of her heels back and forth
until it formed a dark rut in the grass.

"Do you think it'll let up soon?" Sasami asked, looking at Washu. Washu 
crawled
next to her, still placating Ryo-Ohki, and looked up at the sky. The clouds 
went
on to the indistinct horizon in every direction; a symphony of grey.

"Hope so," Washu said at last. She glanced over in the direction of the 
other
tents. Turning back she saw Ryoko staring past her. Washu shuffled back from 
the
opening. Ryoko did nothing. One leg drew itself against her chest, her head
resting on its knee, her mouth describing only a tight line, her attention 
still
fixed on the same distant point. She narrowed her eyes, her expression that 
of
someone not wanting to watch what they do next.

- The End of Part One

