                 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

                 F R I D A Y   M O R N I N G

                 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

	They began to notice the changes almost immediately.
	On Monday morning, Tenchi awoke to the now-normal sight of Ryoko's bloodshot eyes 
staring down at him.  As usual, she had hovered above his bed for a fair portion of the 
night, watching over him while he slept.  Tenchi's startle reflex usually kicked-in, sending
him crawling frantically for the door, with Ryoko trying vainly to calm him.  This morning, 
however, he just studied her.
	"Good morning, Tenchi," she cooed.  He hadn't screamed yet, which was a good sign.
	"Good morning, Ryoko," he replied.  And then he did something completely unexpected:
he made room for her on the bed and patted the empty space, indicating she should join him.
	"Really?!?" She slid under the covers in one lithe movement.  She started to snuggle
up to him, only to realize that he was getting out of bed.  "Oh, don't leave..."
	"Sorry, Ryoko, but I have to.  However, you're welcome to sleep here while I'm gone, 
as long as you make the bed when you're done."
	She started to pout until she realized that the covers were still warm, and his scent 
permeated the sheets and pillows.  She smiled then, settling down for a long nap.  "Ok.  
Have a nice day, Tenchi.  I'll dream about you."
	He grinned, gathered his clothes, and slipped down the hall to the bathroom.  When 
he returned, she was snoring softly, completely oblivious to his puttering around.  He bumped 
into Ayeka as he opened the door, and the smile on her face turned to shock when she spotted 
Ryoko asleep in his bed.  However, before she could even open her mouth he placed a finger 
on her lips.  "Relax, she's only been there for five minutes."
	"Just what is she doing in your bed?" Ayeka asked suspiciously.
	"I told her she could sleep there, since I'm leaving for school.  I didn't see any 
harm in it.  Now," he said, extending his arm towards her, "would you care to join me for 
breakfast?"
	Her argument sputtered out when she realized he had just issued her an invitation.  
And the prospect of a meal without her rival present was more than enough to change her mood.  
She smiled sweetly and took his arm.  "Yes, Lord Tenchi, I would."
	The curious glances around the table were even more pronounced when Tenchi asked 
Sasami to save Ryoko's breakfast for her -- she would eat later, since she was sleeping in 
his room at present.  Curiosity turned to disbelief when Ayeka simply laughed it off  (she 
was in on the joke, and could now appreciate the humor of the situation).  From Ayeka's 
perspective it was a marvelous meal -- there were no arguments, no tension, and she 
monopolized Tenchi's attention with absolutely no interference.  She watched him leave for 
the bus stop with a perfectly contented sigh.  And when Ryoko did wake up later, her sly 
comments and sleazy innuendoes about sleeping in Tenchi's room all fell flat.  Neither of 
them felt like fighting for the whole day, as each of them savored their respective tactical 
victory.

                 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

	Mihoshi	had been wandering the woods near the schoolbus stop when she heard it drop 
off Tenchi.  She met him, smiling amiably.  She expected the usual clumsy chatter and polite 
brush-off.  Instead he sat on a log and invited her to join him.  "What were you looking for?"
	"Well, I happened to see these birds fly over this morning.  They look an awful lot 
like some of the birds on my homeworld.  So, after my chores were done, and I had finished 
my afternoon nap, I decided to go looking for them."
	"Can you describe them?"
	She did, and then started describing the similar bird of her youth.  They sat 
together for at least 30 minutes, just talking.  He didn't rush her, and didn't beat a hasty 
retreat to the house.  It was the longest conversation they had ever had.  The sun continued 
it's slide down the sky, and though it felt warm, it could not defeat the cool breeze.  And 
it was only when their stomachs started growling that he stood up...and offered her a helping 
hand.  
	It felt warm, and strong, and he held her hand longer than necessary.  Embarrassed, 
she pulled her hand away.  
	He started walking towards the house.  "Don't you find it rather lonely, living so 
often in space?" he asked.
	"Yes," she nodded.  "But it can be satisfying, too.  There are so many wonders out 
there, so many beautiful planets, and star clouds, and it's so huge.  I get lost just thinking 
about it sometimes.  And there are always interesting people.  The main traffic lanes are 
usually full of caravans, and the ports and space stations are full of travelers, and the 
variety of cargo, and the stories, and the problems..."
	"Maybe you should keep a journal, and write your memoirs some day."
	"That's a really good idea!  I think I will.  Well, here we are."
	"Yes, here we are.  Maybe I'll meet you again tomorrow while you're looking for those 
birds."
	"You just might," she replied.  She was absolutely thrilled that he wanted to talk to 
her.  She barely noticed that Ryoko had materialized, wrapping herself around Tenchi like a 
Cyan-topped anaconda.  Mihoshi bounced into the house, leaving Tenchi and Ryoko staring after 
her.
	But not for long.  Ryoko started pressing her breasts against his back.  She expected 
the usual polite rebuff;  instead, he placed his hands over hers, pinning her arms in place.  
Encouraged (not to mention surprised), she started nuzzling his ear.
	"Did you sleep well?" he asked.
	"I haven't slept that well in ages."
	"Glad to hear it.  By the way, did anyone ever tell you how nice your hair smells?"
	"Uh...no," she answered, at a loss for words.
	"Well, it does."  She was so flustered that he easily slipped out of her grasp and 
entered the house.  She just stared after him, too stunned to move.  Eventually, she started 
giggling, then laughing, and then flew to the roof in a series of spins and pirouettes.  She 
felt like singing.

                 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

	"Hi, Sasami."
	"Oh, welcome home, Tenchi!"  Sasami smiled at him from her place by the stove.  She 
always smiled when he was around.
	"Something sure smells good."
	Sasami giggled.  "I'm trying a new recipe."
	"Need some help?"
	"Sure."  She steered him to the table, where she dumped a pile of vegetables in front 
of him and issued instructions.  He sat down and rolled-up his sleeves.
	"Can I ask you a question?"
	"Ok," she replied, sitting down across from him.
	"Don't you ever get tired of cooking?  I mean, you're in here three times a day, every 
day.  Doesn't it get old?
	"Oh, sometimes it does.  But I like to cook, and it's my way of helping out around 
the house.  The other girls have their chores to do, and so do you when you're not doing 
homework."  She shrugged.  "I just don't think about it much."
	"But don't you get lonely here?  There really isn't anybody your age to keep you 
company."
	"Yes, but I'm used to it.  Father never really let me play with other kids much back 
on Jurai.  I had a few friends, but there were always guards around so it wasn't very private.  
And I never really went to school; I had tutors most of the time.  And the few classes I did 
go to were with kids from noble families (and they weren't very nice to me).  I like it here 
much better."
	"Would you like to go school here on Earth?"
	"I'd like to try it for a while, but I don't know how long we'll be here.  It would 
be a shame to make some friends, and then have to leave them.  I worry about that happening 
with you."
	"With me?"
	"Yes.  I don't want to leave here unless you're coming, too."
	Tenchi was touched.  "Frankly, I haven't given it much thought, but I can see you 
have."  He changed the subject.  "Have you heard from your parents?"
	"Oh, sure.  The Royal Trees stay in contact with one another, and we pass messages 
along.  And the little courier 'bots show-up occasionally with mail."  Tenchi had seen them, 
bringing Ayeka and Sasami small packages and clothing, and sometimes little gifts for him. 
"Mommy and Half-Mommy Funaho like to hear all about what we're doing, and they ask lots of 
questions about you and Yosho.  Oh, there goes the timer!"  And she scampered off. 

                 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

	"Little Washuu, do you have a moment?"  It was Tenchi, of course.  Washuu had been 
expecting him to wander down to her lab.  No doubt he had been sorting his memories of Sunday's 
experiment, and now he had some questions.  She saved the program she was running, and turned 
away from her keyboard.  He was standing just inside the doorway, looking around at the 
machines humming away in the darkness.  He was nervous, but determined.
	"Sure, Tenchi, come on in."  She summoned a chair for him, which hovered next to her 
workstation.  Once he was seated upon it, it adjusted its height so that they were face-to-face.  
"What can I do for you?"
	"Well, I've been thinking about that hypnosis session, and some of the things I said 
during it."
	"Anything in particular?"
	"Quantum patterns."
	She was surprised.  He had shown little interest in the sciences before, other than 
asking for help on homework assignments.  "What about them?"
	"Well, ever since being hypnotized, I have the oddest sensation that I can 'see' 
patterns for different objects.  I can clearly 'see' the Lighthawk Sword when I concentrate, 
and the Wings.  But I'm also starting to see patterns for little things, like books and plates 
and such.  It's a little unnerving."
	"I can see where it might be.  Actually, it's not unusual for advanced Power users.  
You're about the right age for those abilities to manifest.  They usually require some kind 
of trigger, or some serious meditation, for the adept to become aware of them.  Apparently, 
our experiment acted as a trigger."
	Tenchi relaxed.  "Whew, and I thought I was going nuts."
	"No, you're not going nuts.  Just realizing some potentials."
	"Do you see these patterns?"
	"Nope.  Kagato did, but then he sold his soul for the ability."  She watched him 
flinch at the mention of Kagato's name (in fact, over time it was getting easier for her to 
speak it -- she'd have to think about that).  She did not want Tenchi to associate that 
monster with his own capabilities, so now was as good a time as any to address the issue. 
"Yours is a genetic gift, courtesy of all that Juraian royal blood.  You're going to find 
that ability increasing, and encompassing larger and more complicated structures.  I think
you're going to need some guidance on how to access it, and what to do with it."
	Tenchi smiled.  "Know a good tutor?"
	"It just so happens that my schedule is open in the evenings."
	"Would learning the mathematics behind it help?"
	Again, he caught her off-guard.  He had been thinking.  "It couldn't hurt, but it's 
not necessary."
	"My grasp of physics isn't very good, but I'm willing to give it a shot."
	"I like your attitude, Tenchi.  Very well, let's get started."

                 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

	Tenchi repeated the pattern for the following three days, allowing Ryoko to sleep in 
his bed, inviting Ayeka to breakfast, walking home from the bustop with Mihoshi, helping 
Sasami in the kitchen, and talking to Washuu after homework.  Morale around the Masaki 
household soared.
	On Friday, however, Tenchi had to leave early for a school activity.  So the 
principals settled around the breakfast table, staring at one another glumly, depressed by 
his absence.  It wasn't until Ayeka and Ryoko growled at one another that Washuu finally 
raised the issue.  "Haven't you ladies noticed the change around here?"
	"What change?" asked Ryoko.
	"You mean to tell me that you haven't noticed a change in Tenchi's behavior this 
week?  He's finally relaxing around us."
	"Now that you mention it..." Ayeka replied.
	Ryoko smiled.  "...he has been a lot friendlier."
	"Don't you characters get it?  He's making time for us.  He's trying to include us 
in his schedule, rather than avoid us."
	"Is that a result of Sunday's experiment?" Ayeka asked.
	"Possibly.  But I didn't plant any suggestions in his head.  Maybe he's starting to 
reach some conclusions on his own. Or maybe it's your little non-aggression pact -- there 
hasn't been a single argument all week.  He has to have noticed."
	"I dunno," Ryoko replied, "but I'm sure liking the change."

                 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

                 S A T U R D A Y   M O R N I N G

                 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

	Tenchi never really got a chance to sleep in late, but on the weekends he did set 
his alarm back an hour.  Of course, that didn't make much difference to Ryoko, who was 
hovering over him regardless of when he woke up.  "Good morning, Tenchi."
	"Good Morning, Ryoko."  Again, he invited her down on the bed.  Again, she accepted.  
Only this time he didn't move when she snuggled up to him.
	"You don't have to rush off to school today," she purred.  She rubbed his chest, 
blowing in his ear.  Her intentions were obvious.
	"No, I don't.  But there is something I wanted to ask you."
	"Oh?"
	"Would you like to join me at practice this afternoon?  I talked to Grandpa about it, 
and he thought it was a good idea."
	At first, Ryoko was disappointed.  She had hoped for something much more immediate 
and intimate.  However, the more she considered the invitation, the more intriguing it 
sounded.  For starters, Ayeka never attended sword practice; actually, it was off-limits to 
all of them (something about distracting Tenchi....go figure).  The fact that he had just 
invited her spoke volumes.  She warmed to the idea, and her face reflected it.  "Yes, Tenchi, 
I would like to join you." 
	He returned her smile.  "Good.  I was hoping you would."  
	And then he was quiet, lost in thought.  She was content to simply cuddle, knowing 
the moment wouldn't last long, but savoring it while it did.

                 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

	It was still early morning, and Yosho was sweeping the shrine steps when Ayeka and 
Sasami found him.  Ayeka touched his shoulder to get his attention.  "Yes, Little Sisters, 
what can I do for you?"
	"Sasami has been having nightmares about Tsunami again," Ayeka replied.  Sasami 
nodded.
	"So, do you talk to Tsunami very often when you're awake?"  He sat down on one of 
lower steps.
	"Well...no.  She scares me."  Sasami sat down on the step beside her older 
half-brother, while Ayeka sat down behind her.
	"Why?"
	"Because the older I get, the more I will get swallowed by her."  She expected Yosho
to laugh at her, or mock her.  He did neither.
	"Are you afraid of disappearing completely?"
	"Yes."
	"I don't think that will happen."
	"What makes you say that?"
	"It didn't happen to Tenchi, did it?"
	"Huh?"
	"Tenchi wears similar marks on his forehead to yours.  That is Tsunami's brand, 
isn't it?"
	"Yes."  She reached up and touched the twin polygons above her brow.  She remembered 
seeing the arrow-shaped marks on Tenchi's forehead when he wore his Juraian battle garb.  Like 
hers, they often glowed with their own internal Power.
	"And didn't she integrate with him, during that fight with Kagato?  He said he heard 
her voice in his mind, and she planted Power secrets there."
	"Well, yes."
	"Tenchi seems little changed.  A bit smarter perhaps, due to Tsunami, but basically 
the same old Tenchi."  He tipped his head and raised his eyebrows.
	"I hadn't thought of that.  But still, she will be a lot more integrated with me 
than with Tenchi."
	"Whether you fall in a puddle or fall in a lake, you still get wet.  What difference 
does the depth make?"
	"None, I guess."   She studied her toes, lost in thought.
	"You have much more experience integrating with another personality than Tenchi does.  
Perhaps you should spend less time worrying about it and offer to help him.   I think he 
would appreciate it."
	Sasami perked up noticeably.  "What a neat idea!  But it might take a while."
	"It seems to me you will have many years to work on the task."
	"Thanks, Yosho!" she said, visibly relieved by their short talk.  She gave him a big 
hug and ran off to find Tenchi.
	"The role of elder suits you well, Yosho," Ayeka said, rising.
	"I've had a few opportunities to practice," he replied, also rising.
	"Thank you, Big Brother."
	"You're welcome, Little Sister," he said returning to his sweeping.

                 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

	Ryoko was breathing hard and sweating buckets.  She had just finished sparring with 
Tenchi.  The first round had been fun, and she had confused him by randomly teleporting or 
levitating, just to see how he would react.  Not surprisingly, she had gotten past his guard 
repeatedly.  However, Yosho forbid such activities for the second round, and Tenchi had 
gotten his revenge by chasing her all over the practice yard.  Damn, the kid was good!  Not 
surprising, really, since Yosho had been training him for years, and Yosho was the only 
person to ever defeat her.  Afterwards, they had crumpled together into the shade, draped 
over their practice swords.  She smiled at him, he grinned back.
	"I must say, Ryoko, for being out of practice you gave a good account of yourself."
	"Thanks," she wheezed.
	"Would you like to hear an evaluation?"  She nodded, so he continued.  "You are 
without a doubt the strongest fencer I have ever met.  Your superior strength and enhanced 
abilities to phase shift, teleport, and levitate give you a tremendous advantage, as do your 
missile weapons.  You are a formidable opponent.  However, when restricted to skill alone, 
you are easily outmatched.  Tenchi had the upper hand in the last round and kept you on the 
defensive the entire time."
	"Tell me about it," she replied.
	"If you would like, you are welcome to join us on a regular basis.  Your presence 
here can only improve Tenchi's skills, and perhaps we can offer you something in return."
	"I would like that."
	 "Good. Then we are done for today."  His two students struggled to their feet, their 
thoughts confined to drinking lots of water.  "May I talk to you a moment, Ryoko?"
	Ryoko and Tenchi exchanged looks, and Tenchi shrugged.  Yosho waited until he had 
disappeared into the trees before speaking.
	"Ryoko, I am pleased that you came to practice today.  I know Tenchi was happy."
	"I enjoyed myself," she admitted.
	"Have you given much thought to your future, now that you are completely free of 
obligations?"  Meaning, of course, the statue of limitations on her criminal charges had 
expired.  
	And so had Kagato. "Not really.  As long as it involves Tenchi."
	"I would like to point out that Tenchi is a member of the Royal Family of Jurai.  He 
may even ascend the throne one day.  In either case, he is a major target for assassination."  
The response he saw in her eyes was gratifying.  "He is going to need a bodyguard, someone 
extremely capable to watch his back.  If you know of any suitable candidates, I would 
appreciate hearing about them."
	She was absolutely thunderstruck.  In one simple statement he had offered her a 
purpose in life with the one person who had given her life meaning.  The implications were 
enormous; in her mind she saw a door opening on a world she hadn't even dreamed of.  It took 
her several moments to find her voice before she could answer him.  "I know someone who wants 
the job."
	"Very good.  Will I see you at our next practice?"
	"I'll be here," she said.  "And Yosho?  Thank you."  

                 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

	The sun had just set.  The sky was filled with wispy clouds that shimmered in yellows 
and oranges and grays, and the first stars were peeping out behind them.  The azure depths 
were darkening, and the entire canvas reflected off the motionless lake like a polished 
mirror.  Other than the wind, there was absolute silence.
	"That was beautiful, Yosho.  Thank you for inviting me to share it with you,"  Ayeka 
dipped her head towards her brother, who returned it solemnly.  They sat on the end of the 
dock which extended from  the Masaki residence.  The lights in the house were starting to 
come on, and the sounds of conversation could be heard drifting down the wind.
	"Yes, it is very peaceful out here.  Not too chilly tonight, which makes it more 
enjoyable."
	Ayeka was silent for a few moments, considering, and then reached a decision.  "May 
I ask you a question?"
	"Yes."
	"Why is it you never sent any messages back to Jurai after landing here?"
	"My drive engines and communications were damaged in the battle with Ryoko.  I 
couldn't leave without extensive repairs, and I couldn't call for help."  
	"I meant through Funaho."  She gestured towards the woods where Yosho's Royal Tree 
had taken root.  The Trees were the culmination of centuries of genetic engineering, whose 
full capabilities were a closely kept secret of the Juraian Royal Family.  One such 
capability was the psychic link that the Trees maintained with one another.  This esper mode 
of communication was limited in scope, but was instantaneous across the parsecs and totally 
impervious to jamming.  It was one of the reasons all members of the Royal Family were 
paired with them.
	"At first I asked her not to tell anyone where we were.  I thought it wise to watch 
Ryoko's tomb for awhile.  By the time I was satisfied that her prison was a stable one, 
Funaho and I had both set down roots.  This became our home."
	"Our trees could sense Funaho entering dormancy, but did not know where she was.  It 
was assumed, though, that if she still lived then so did you."
	"And I assumed search parties would arrive here eventually.  Or the locals would 
develop sufficient technology to call home."
	"We were worried about you."  She meant she was worried.  Frantic, actually.  Which 
had lead to her own rescue mission, and the subsequent chain of events.
	"I was safe enough here," he lied.  Yosho refused to tell Ayeka the truth: that he 
couldn't bring himself to kill Ryoko.  Even though he had witnessed Ryoko incinerate whole 
cities, and had watched her obliterate so many of his friends and comrades who had tried to 
stop Ryo-ohki, he couldn't do it.  Once he had taken her gems, the madness in her eyes had 
dissipated.  She had been reduced to a frightened, disoriented child, who willingly confessed 
to him about Kagato.  He couldn't radio the Galaxy Police, since his communications were 
destroyed.  And if he summoned help through Funaho, the Royal Family would have dispensed its 
own brand of justice before they ever left Earth orbit.  But he couldn't let her run loose, 
either -- she was a danger to everyone, especially herself.   In the end, he had done the 
most merciful thing he could think of: he had placed her in that crypt to await the day that
help would arrive.  Of course, Ryoko hadn't been alone in her suffering.  He had been forced 
to defend this valley many times over the years.  A metal sword kills just as easily as an 
energy sword.  He, too, had blood on his hands.
	"Do you think Funaho could be transported back to Jurai?"  
	"I do not know.  Her roots are extensive...you could be looking at nearly a cubic 
hectare of land."
	"There are engineers and botanists on Jurai that could perform the task."
	"Yes, there are.  But the locals would notice the activity -- particularly if a large 
transport spent any time moored over her pond."
	"The vessel could be cloaked -- "
	"Have you asked Funaho if she wants to leave?  Have you asked me?"  He said it gently, 
but Ayeka still recoiled.  "This little corner of Earth is quite comfortable, you know.  And 
someone needs to watch over the graves on the hill."
	Yosho's wife and daughter -- Tenchi's mother -- were interred above the Masaki shrine.  
She knew Yosho would never leave.  But her brow furrowed with another concern.  "Do you think 
Tenchi would consent to leave Earth?"
	"Yes," Yosho replied.  "He is a young man, and ready to expand his horizons.  He is 
slowly accepting the idea that his future does not reside on this planet.  He has been 
through a great deal in the last year, and his resiliency says such much about his character."
	"Well, he is your grandson," Ayeka smiled.  "He could do no less."
	"Still, I am concerned for him.  You realize, of course, that he should never sit on 
the throne."
	Ayeka was shocked.  "Why do you say that?"
	"He is too compassionate.  He lacks your resolve.  How did he describe you?  'An 
iron fist in a silken glove.'  A very accurate assessment, by the way, which simply does not 
apply to him.  However, he would make an ideal consort."  He watched her face to gauge how 
she digested his suggestion.  "With the proper training, of course."
	Ayeka considered Yosho's idea.  She had been so obsessed with winning Tenchi's favor 
that she had given no thought about what would come afterwards.  Her father would be shamed 
by her lack of foresight and poor strategy; here was a lesson worth remembering.  Yosho was 
correct, as usual.  Tenchi had little use for politics, and was absolutely loyal.  And she 
could rely on him to lighten her burden, with his enchanting smile and his strong arms around 
her....  "What kind of training?" she asked finally.
	"Protocol, traditions, and the requirements of whatever office he is best suited for.  
Our mothers went through similar training.  You might ask them."
	She would.  And she now had a goal worth working towards.

                 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

	It was late.  The stars twinkled in the sky over the Masaki Shrine, Yosho's office 
was illuminated by a single desklamp, and Yosho himself shuffled papers through the circle 
of light it cast.  He heard the quiet footsteps on the porch, and so was not startled when 
the visitor knocked on his door.  "Who is it ?"  The door slid open to reveal Washuu.  He
motioned for her to enter.  "What can I do for you at this late hour?"
	"I have a few questions about Tenchi."  She settled into the indicated seat opposite 
from him.
	"And these couldn't wait until tomorrow?" he teased.  Yosho was only too familiar 
with her odd hours.  She would often work non-stop for days on one of her projects.  The 
clock had little meaning in her dimensional laboratory.
	"Well, I've been reviewing the data from his hypnosis session.  While we were there, 
I had a hunch and set up bio-monitors on everyone in the room.  The results were rather 
interesting."
	"So, what questions do you have?"
	"Did Tenchi ever have any girlfriends?" 
	Yosho paused to consider.  "I think he had a crush or two, and there were a couple 
of girls he talked about.  Nothing out of the ordinary.  Why?"
	"I just wondered if he has the same affect on Earth females that he has on the 
galactics living here," she answered.
	"No, none of his teachers are trying to seduce him, and none of the girls in his 
classes seem interested in harassing him.  Only the off-worlders behave that way.  To his 
schoolmates he is just an average boy."
	"I thought so."
	"Tell me, Little Washuu, do you feel Ryoko and Ayeka are simply suffering through 
their first school-girl crush?  Since they both have no real experience with this subject, 
isn't this just a phase -- some temporary infatuation that will fade with the next handsome 
face to come along?"
	"I used to so, mixed-in with equal parts gratitude and hero-worship.  I don't any 
more."
	"Is there a problem?"  Yosho poured them each a cup of tea.
	"I think Tenchi's manifesting use of Power is more significant than we realize."
	"How so?"
	"Except for Noriyuki, all of us living here are Power Sensitives.  I can't prove it 
yet, but I think we are responding on some subliminal level to his rising capabilities.  I 
think Ryoko and Ayeka, in particular, are reacting to more than just his compassion and 
charisma."
	"Animal magnetism?"  Yosho asked dubiously.
	Washuu shrugged.  "It makes sense from a biological perspective.  They can feel his 
capabilities on some deep level...they probably always have.  Even Sasami and Mihoshi feel 
it, I think."
	"And what about you?"
	"Me, too" she admitted quietly.  She sipped her tea, facing the truth.
	"I take it that we males are not quite so affected?" Yosho asked, pushing his 
glasses up his nose.
	"Actually, I think you are.  But male needs are different from female needs: you 
need to worry more about dominance games than choosing the best mate."
	Yosho sipped his tea silently, digesting this information.  Finally, he asked, "How 
extensive is Tenchi's grasp of matter manipulation?"
	"At this point, very rudimentary.  He's overwhelmed with the knowledge, and until 
he learns to apply it, it is just going to confuse him."
	"But he will learn?"
	"Eventually.  He's a quick study.  Must be those royal genes in his blood."  Washuu 
grinned at him.  Yosho nodded at the compliment.
	"Have you considered just what his full potential is?
	"Yes.  It's staggering, really."
	"Could he duplicate Ryoko's teleportation, levitation, and phase shifting abilities?"
	"I hadn't thought of that.  Yes, he probably will."
	"In other words, he could become another Kagato?"
	"Gods, don't even think such a thing!"
	"I refer to talents, not intentions."
	"Oh.  In that case, yes; as long as he doesn't yield to the temptations."
	"Perhaps he needs a mentor, to augment his own conscience."
	Washuu grinned.  "Are you suggesting I look like Jiminy Cricket?  I am little enough, 
I guess..."
	"I'm afraid I don't understand that reference."
	"Go rent Walt Disney's Pinocchio from the video store."  She set her empty teacup on 
the table.  "But you do raise a good point.  That boy is going to need a firm hand on his 
leash for a while, and if he gets shipped off to Jurai, there's no telling who's influence
he could fall under."
	"Maybe you should go along and 'hold his leash.'  He appears to have accepted you as 
his tutor."
	"Maybe I should," she replied.  "If nothing else, I can keep an eye on Ryoko.  I 
figure she'll go wherever Tenchi goes."

                 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

	Washuu slid the door closed behind her, and then she spoke to someone coming up the 
steps.  Yosho waited patiently, knowing that whoever was out there would enter his office 
momentarily.
	"Grandpa, do you have a moment?"
	"Yes, Tenchi, come on in."  Yosho indicated the now-vacant guest chair and reached 
for another teacup.  "It's a little late for you, isn't it?"
	"I've got a lot on my mind."
	"Well, a shared burden is a lighter burden.  Tell me about it."
	Tenchi accepted the cup of tea.  "Last Sunday I woke up in the middle of the night 
after having a terrible dream.  I was disoriented, and it took me awhile to calm down enough 
to realize that it had been only a dream."
	"Go on," Yosho prompted, blowing on his refilled teacup.
	"In my dream I had run away from here.  Gone off with the fishing fleets, or joined 
the military, or moved to America, something...I don't remember.  But I was gone.  And I had 
hurt everyone here because they felt that I had pushed them away so often, and for so long, 
that they finally turned their backs on me. Everyone left Earth."
	"Where did they all go?"
	"Ryoko and Ryo-ohki just took off one day, without saying goodbye to anyone.  Someone 
thought that they had followed this spiral arm out to the frontier worlds, but no one knew 
for sure.
	"Ayeka and Sasami went back to Jurai.  Ayeka married some baron's son and bore his 
children.  She was not happy, but she had fulfilled her duties.  And Sasami married some 
princeling and moved out of the Empire entirely.
	"Mihoshi was transferred clear across the galaxy, and simply dropped out of sight.
	"Washuu went into her lab one day, closed the door behind her, and it vanished.  No 
one could reach her any more.
	"And a huge spaceship arrived one day, scooped Funaho and her lake clear out of the 
ground, and took you both back to Jurai.
	"And in the end, when I finally returned home, the only person left here was Dad.  
The shrine had been neglected for so long it was falling apart.  The house wasn't much better. 
And when we went up the hill to see the graves, they were nearly hidden under weeds and tall 
grass.  'This house darkened the day your mother died,' he said, 'but when you left it died 
completely.  My whole life has been nothing but bitter loneliness.  And that's all I have to 
bequeath to you, Son.'  And then he just faded away.
	"And I ran through the fields yelling that I had made a terrible mistake, and begging 
them all to come back, and that I didn't want to be alone any more...and then I woke up 
gasping and sweating."
	"A troubling dream," Yosho replied.
	"And it was so vivid....now I know what Sasami goes through.  In fact, as I lay there 
thinking about it, I wondered if it was the same kind of precognitive dream she has.  We 
share the same blood, after all.  It scared me even more just thinking that this might be my 
future.  Anyway, I couldn't go back to sleep, and I didn't want to wake the whole house up 
with my pacing.  So I snuck downstairs, packed a lunch, and went for a long walk."
	"What conclusions did you reach?"
	"I dunno.  I'm hoping it was just a warning of what might happen if I keep pushing 
everyone away.  I know how those girls feels about me....heck, I heard Ryoko and Ayeka during 
that experiment.  I think I've been acting like a jerk."
	"It seems to me that you've been trying to change lately."
	"Yeah, I have.  It's not much, but I want them each to know how much I appreciate them."
	"I think they already know that, Tenchi."
	"They want so much from me....what should I do?"
	"For now, nothing more than you have been doing.  You have obligations here to attend 
to, and they accept that.  And a little bit of attention does go a long way; they appear 
content for now."
	"For now," Tenchi echoed.  "What about the future?"
	"The future will take of itself.  You have another year of school left, and much can 
change during that time.  Enjoy your time with them, and let them enjoy their time with you."

                 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

	Yosho listened to Tenchi's footsteps fade into the darkness.  He extinguished his 
desklamp and followed his grandson outside.  Instead of walking back to the house, he settled 
onto the steps and gazed upwards.  The stars were liberally sprinkled across the heavens.  
They twinkled merrily, and beckoned to him.  Many times over the years he had questioned his 
choice, his decision to anchor his life here.  But he had never regretted it.  The years 
spent with his late wife were worth all the voyages he had ever taken between those suns, 
and he would gladly make that same decision again.
	The Masaki house was finally quiet.  It was seldom silent any more.  The hollow lack 
of sound and warmth that had haunted this residence for so many years had finally been 
banished, hopefully forever.  There had been so much pain here, in the years after his 
daughter's death.  It said much that it took five females to fill the void in his grandson's 
heart left by his mother's demise.  And yet, fill it they did...in their own disorganized, 
chaotic way.  Tenchi's instincts had been telling him all along that he needed them. 
	His grandson wasn't the only person to lack focus.  So did the Ladies, which is why 
there was so little harmony in their lives.  Perhaps they instinctively recognized Tenchi as 
the focus they needed, but just couldn't correctly grasp how to deal with the situation.  
	Sometimes instinct needed a helping hand.
	Satisfied, he stood, brushed the dirt from his robes, and headed off to bed.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Author's Notes

As is usual, I came late to the party.  I watched the 13 "Tenchi Muyo" OAV episodes with my 
youngest daughter (a teenager) and got hooked, and then discovered it is ten years old and 
out of fashion in Japan these days (spring, 2001).  It appears to be going through a twilight 
period of sorts here in the States, but having watched a couple of the movies and some of 
the television episodes, I have to say a good story has been terribly diluted by all the 
mutations to other mediums.  How sad. 

So, call me a purist.  I'll stick with the OAVs, and mourn what might have been. 

This story takes place after the OAV series, with many references to Kagato (episodes #5 and 
#6), Dr. Clay (episodes #11 and #12) and Lord Seriyu (episode #13). 

The title, obviously, is the Japanese term for focus, as applied in the martial arts.

If you were thrown off by Tenchi's techno-babble during the hypnosis experiment, I would 
recommend the following websites (written in shirtsleeve English):

     "Subtle Connections: Psi, Grof, Jung, and the Quantum Vacuum"
          http://goertzel.org/dynapsyc/1996/subtle.html

     "Toward A Physical Foundation For PSI Phenomena"
          http://goertzel.org/dynapsyc/1996/ervin.html

     "Can the Vacuum be Engineered for Spaceflight Applications? Overview of Theory and 
     Experiments"
           http://www.stardrive.org/puthoff.shtml

I've done some writing in the past, but I've never tried my hand at playing with other 
people's characters before.  A bit of a challenge, but I don't think I did any serious 
damage. 

The characters of Tenchi Muyo were created by Hiroki Hayashi, and brought to North America 
by Pioneer LDC.  This story, while incorporating names and situations held under copyright 
by others, is copyright 2001 by Jeffery L. Harris. 

This story comes entirely from my imagination, and is not, nor intended to be, cannon.  
Please do not send the legions of lawyers after me...it's not worth their time, or mine. 

Any questions or comments should be directed to:

Jeffery L Harris
JLHOnami@aol.com
Subject: "Kime"

