                           K I M E


focus n 1: the concentration of attention or energy on something [syn: focusing, focussing, 
centering] 2: maximum clarity or distinctness of an image rendered by an optical system : 
"in focus"; "out of focus" 3: maximum clarity or distinctness of an idea; "the controversy 
brought clearly into focus an important difference of opinion" 4: a central point or locus 
of bacterial growth in an organism [syn: nidus] 5: special emphasis attached to something 
[syn: stress] 6: a point of convergence of light (or other radiation) or a point from which 
it diverges [syn: focal point] 7: a fixed reference point of one's attention on something 
[syn: concentrate, center, pore, rivet] 


               * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

               S A T U R D A Y   M O R N I N G
     
               * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

	"You want to do what?" Tenchi asked, nearly spitting out a mouthful of his 
breakfast.
	"We want to hypnotize you," Washuu replied. "I wish to study the Lighthawk Wings 
under a controlled environment."
	"And I'm concerned about your failure to control the tenchi-ken," Yosho said.  
"Your recent confrontation with Lord Seriyu left much to be desired."
	Tenchi looked skeptical.  "And what kind of suggestions are you eager to plant in 
my head?"
	"I swear I will only ask questions.  No suggestions.  Besides, your grandfather 
will be right there with you, just to keep things on the up-and-up."
	"I dunno...."
	"Aw-w-w, c'mon, Tenchi, it might be kinda fun!" Ryoko prodded.  "Maybe I could ask 
a couple of questions...?"
	"No," replied Washuu.
	Ayeka interjected.  "Can we come along and simply observe?"
	"Yes," Washuu answered, "but only on two conditions."
	"What are those?"
	"Keep quiet and stay out of the way.  And there will be absolutely no bickering 
between you two," Washuu said, looking pointedly at Ryoko and Ayeka.  "I won't have his 
concentration disturbed."  She turned towards Tenchi.  "What do you say, Tenchi?"
	To be honest, Tenchi wasn't in favor of it.  Things happened down in Washuu's lab 
that could get rather wild.  However, since Yosho was going to be present, the chances of 
Washuu trying to pull something were reduced.  "Sure," he said nervously.

               * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

	Tenchi's breakfast sat like a lump in his stomach, and he wished he hadn't eaten so
 much.  His chair was reasonably comfortable, but he wasn't: Washuu's cavernous lab was 
dark, except for a few portable lights clustered around his seat, which put him in the 
middle of a light cone.  Washuu's workstation was just outside this light cone, and Yosho 
sat on a stool next to her.  Beyond them sat Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, and Mihoshi.  They 
whispered among themselves, watching Washuu adjust monitors and direct sensor arrays around 
the darkened ceiling.
	Finally, Washuu walked over to Tenchi and handed him an odd-looking helmet.  "Here,"
she ordered, "put this on."
	"Why?"
	"Tut, tut, don't argue with a genius.  Besides you'll only have it on for a moment.  
I'm calibrating a sensor."
	"Oh."  That didn't sound too bad.  He wriggled the contraption onto his head, and 
asked, "Now what?"
	Washuu's answer was to flip a switch on the side on her console.  Tenchi spasmed 
once and then slumped.  She walked back over to stand in front of him.  "Ok, Tenchi, you can
remove the helmet now."  He did so, but his manner had changed: he was much less animated 
than before, his actions were performed mechanically, and his eyes were vacant and unfocused.  
She took the helmet from his limp hands.  "Tenchi, you will remain relaxed and stay calm.  
Yosho and I are going to ask you some questions, which you will answer fully and completely.  
No harm will come to you, nor will you be asked to do anything that is against your nature.  
Do you understand me?"
	"Yes," he said, his voice flat and emotionless.
	"Sit up straight," she ordered.  He did so.  
	"How long will he stay under?" Yosho asked.
	"Until we awaken him.  He's actually a pretty good subject for this."  She looked at
one of her display screens.  "Everything's normal, no adverse reactions.  I think we're 
ready.  Tenchi, how many times have you summoned the Lighthawk Wings?" Washuu asked.
	"Three times," Tenchi answered.
	"Please describe each occurrence."
	"The first was on board Ayeka's ship, when I tried to counterattack Kagato.  The 
second was aboard the Souja, when he threw a fireball at me.  The third time was aboard Dr. 
Clay's ship, when it started breaking apart."
	"Why didn't you summon them during your duel with Lord Seriyu?"
	"I am uncomfortable with them"
	"Why"
	"I have less control with them than with the tenchi-ken, and they are much more 
powerful.  And I am frightened of the Lighthawk Sword."
	"Why?"
	"I cut an entire ship in half with it.  Its source of Power is infinite -- I'm 
afraid what might happen if it got away from me."
	Washuu and Yosho exchanges startled glances. "But the Lighthawk Wings are a 
defensive shield.  Surely it is safe enough to summon them?"  
	"I suppose so," Tenchi replied reluctantly.  
	"Which of the three occasions did you feel the least in control of them?"
	"The first time, aboard Ayeka's ship.  She was trying to give me directions for 
something I was totally unfamiliar with."
	"And which was the most successful occurrence?"
	"The second time.  I felt Tsunami's presence guiding me."
	"Ok, Tenchi, I want you to relax.  We are going to go back in time to your fight 
with Kagato, to the point where he has just tossed you against one of the bulkheads.  I want
you to tell me what you were feeling, what you were sensing."
	"I hurt.  I was a little dizzy from the impact.  I felt frustrated and shamed by my 
weakness, by my failure to aid my friends.  Then I heard Tsunami's voice explaining how to 
apply the information she had planted in my mind."
	Washuu interrupted him.  "When did she give this information to you?" 
	"She had commanded Azaka and Kamidake to shield me when Kagato destroyed Ayeka's 
ship.  It was a close thing -- the blast shredded my clothing and knocked me out.  While I 
was unconscious, she merged with me, and transported me back to Funaho.  That's when she 
planted the information into my mind."
	"What was this information?"
	"She described the fabric of normal spacetime as a sea of energy at the sub-atomic 
level, how waves of energy churn this sea into a foam, and that sometimes the foam cools off
enough to form particles.  Normal spacetime is imbedded in a parallel, thought-like dimension 
of quantum information, and that regions of this dimension are bonded to regions of normal 
spacetime.  A particle in normal spacetime casts a shadow pattern in quantum spacetime.  But
this arrangement works both ways: if you modify the particle, you shift the pattern; by 
adjusting the pattern, you alter the particle.  Repeat the action often enough and fast 
enough, and you can manipulate large-scale objects."
	"Can you tell me how to do this?"
	Tenchi was silent for a few moments, and finally said, "No.  There are simply no 
words that accurately describe the process.  It is done with the mind."
	"Please continue your narrative aboard the Souja," Washuu said.  
	"I realized that I could now fight back on Kagato's level.  I also started getting 
angry -- I saw Tsunami being reeled-in like a fish, I heard Sasami crying, I sensed Ayeka 
and Mihoshi trapped someplace, and I watched Kagato torturing Ryoko.  It is when he taunted 
me that I decided to discard the tenchi-ken...Kagato had drained it anyway, and I had now 
had more powerful tools at my disposal.  The final insult was the casual fireball that he 
threw at me -- I crystallized the Lighthawk Wings in time to dispel the attack."
	Yosho interrupted him.  "In other words, it was only when you cleared your mind of 
all distractions that you were able to summon the Lighthawk Wings?"
	"Yes."
	"There are no distractions here and now.  Can you show us how you do this?"
	Tenchi complied.  He rose from his chair, took a step forward, and braced himself. 
He cupped his hands together at waist level, and then slowly unfolded them outwards.  The 
Wings suddenly appeared in their Y-shaped configuration, shimmering and pulsing with 
internal energies.  Washuu scrambled to get her sensors trained on them.  After several 
moments of intently studying her monitors she emitted a low whistle.  "Well, I'll be damned."
	"What is it?" Yosho asked, looking over her shoulder.
	"The Lighthawk Wings are being continuously recreated, rather than constructed once."
	"That would explain their pulsing nature," Yosho said.
	"No, that pulse is just a secondary signature in synch with his heartbeat.  The 
actual frequency of emergence is several hundred times a second.  Tenchi, I'm curious: if 
quantum spacetime retains patterns for real objects, does that mean that the Lighthawk Wings 
have a physical basis somewhere in normal spacetime?"
	"No, they are a different class of patterns."
	"Could you clarify that?"
	"Consider the brain and the mind.  The brain exists in normal spacetime as a 
collection of particles, and this collection has its companion patterns in quantum spacetime.  
But overlaying this collection is the mind, which exists solely as a super-pattern without 
a companion in normal spacetime.  The Lighthawk Wings are of a similar class of pattern."
	"How many different classes are there?" asked Washuu, thoroughly intrigued.
	"I don't know, and neither does Tsunami," Tenchi answered.
	"Too bad, this was getting interesting.  Oh, well, just another mystery to persue 
later.  And I heard that yawning over there, " Washuu said, looking beyond the circle of 
light. "Ryoko, come here, please."
	Ryoko appeared in the air beside her.  "Yes?"
	"Do me a favor and strike the Wings with your energy sword."
	"Won't that hurt Tenchi?" she asked dubiously.
	"No.  Tenchi?  Ryoko is going to attack you.  Defend yourself."
	Ryoko walked around to stand in front of him.  The Wings were awesome, predatory 
things, like radiant talons.  She gulped apprehensively.
	"Rather like looking down the maw of Hell, isn't it?"  Yosho asked behind her.
	She nodded, relieved that he was standing there.  With a toss of her head, she 
clenched her right fist and concentrated.  The palmed ball of light quickly expanded into a 
meter-long rod, the hiss of dying oxygen molecules the only sound marking its passage 
through the air.  She took a tentative swing at one of the Wings.  It pivoted slightly, 
forcing her sword to strike its center.
	"Do it again," Washuu urged.  "Only, swing harder."
	Ryoko began a series of cuts, trying to slip her blade between the Wings.  They 
rotated much too fast for her, and she produced nothing but a cascade of sparks.  Her 
confidence grew when she realized that Tenchi would not allow her blade near him.  She 
smiled, her competitive nature kicking in.  She increased the tempo, using both hands to 
apply her super-human strength.  The results didn't vary.  She tried to maneuver around the 
rotating shield, but Tenchi wouldn't allow that, either.  She laughed, enjoying the dance.
	"Ayeka!  Get in there and help her," Washuu commanded.
	Ryoko made room for her rival, feeling the princess' Power level increasing.  Ayeka 
tried using a force bolt down the center of the Wings, which Tenchi easily neutralized.  
Ryoko's energy sword vanished, to be replaced by a gathering swarm of firefly-bright darts. 
	"Fire together!" Washuu instructed.
	Before they could act, however, Tenchi set the Wings to rotating.  The gentle 
whup-whup-whup quickly grew to an irritated whip-pip-pip and then an angry whirrr, as the 
blades spun faster and faster.  His face flickered strobe-like between them, blinking in 
shorter and shorter intervals until he seemed to merge with the transparent Wings.  Ryoko 
and Ayeka raised their hands and let fly with volley after volley, and the lab resounded 
with pyrotechnics and thunder.  They tried separating, attacking from different sides, but 
it did no good -- the Wings twisted and writhed like living things, enveloping their master
in a blister of pure force.  Stray bolts richotted into the darkness, causing Sasami to 
scream and Washuu to curse, but still the test continued.
	Finally, Ryoko and Ayeka staggered backwards, exhausted.  "That's enough!"  Ryoko 
panted.  Ayeka agreed, spent.
	"Thank you, Ladies," Washuu said, dismissing them.  They staggered back to their 
seats, looking frequently at the boy in the center of his humming shield.  "You may rest 
now, Tenchi."  Tenchi didn't really need it -- he hadn't even broken a sweat.   The Wings 
stopped their rotation, assuming once again their Y-shaped posture.
	"That didn't seem too difficult," Yosho commented.
	"Manipulating the Wings is not much different from manipulating a sword," Tenchi 
replied.  "The difficulty comes when I feed more energy into them.  As they get swollen and 
engorged, they become heavy and sluggish."
	"How much energy can you feed into them?"
	"I don't know, and neither does Tsunami."
	"In theory, since he's feeding them energy directly from the Quantum Vacuum, it 
should be infinite," Washuu interjected.  "But there are always practical limits.  Still, 
he drew enough energy to extract himself and Ayeka and Mihoshi from the event horizon of 
Dr. Clay's singularity.  That's a considerable achievement."
	"He can summon only three Wings; think of the power at Tsunami's disposal with the 
ten Wings she summons."
	Washuu's response was to purse her lips and roll her eyes, refusing any further 
conjecture.  She turned back to Tenchi.  "What was that transformation you made during your
fight with Kagato?" Washuu asked.
	"I noticed some burns on my arms, and Tsunami's information showed me how to repair 
the injuries and fabricate body armor for myself."
	"Can you demonstrate this for us?"  
	Tenchi lifted his hands to point into the two highest Wings, which boiled along his 
limbs and down his legs like an effervescent foam, coating his body with a mist that 
condensed into a shimmering exoskeleton.  The third Wing remained, drifting upwards to 
chest-height.   The light cone enveloping him was simply washed away, bleached-out by the 
greater source of illumination.
	"I wonder how much protection that armor provides?" Yosho said.
	"Since it is behaves like the Lighthawk Wings, and would repair itself nearly 
instantaneously, I can only speculate...unless Tenchi would consent to having the Ladies 
throw some more fireworks at him."
	"No!" chorused Ayeka and Ryoko.
	Washuu cackled softly as she checked her monitors.  "Ok, let's discuss the Lighthawk
Sword.  What is it, for starters."
	"The original sword was carved from crystal, then minutely scanned, and its pattern 
stored in quantum spacetime."
	"What became of the original?" Washuu asked.
	"I don't know, and neither does Tsunami."
	"How much concentration is required to summon the Sword?" Yosho asked.
	"Total concentration.  And once crystallized, it requires a great deal of energy to 
maintain the weapon's cohesion.  It is a delicate balance."
	"Yet it's capabilities exceed the Wings."
	"Yes.  It frightens me to use it."
	"Yet you did use it, and successfully."
	"No!  I was lucky.  In my desire to destroy Kagato I applied more Power than I 
needed.  I destroyed the Souja as a consequence.  I can't even imagine what would have 
happened if I had unleashed more energy into it."
	"Tenchi, how did you feel the first time you grasped a katana?" asked Yosho.
	"Exhilarated.  Scared."
	"Explain."
	"It was the sword of my ancestors.  A razor-sharp work of art.  And yet, it's use 
required precision and courage, or the blood shed would be my own."
	"Can't the same feelings be applied to the Lighthawk Sword?"
	"I don't know.  It's so alien..."
	"It's just a tool, Tenchi.  No better or worse than the hand that guides it.  
Proficiency only comes with practice and persistence."
	"Would you please summon the Sword?" Washuu asked.
	Tenchi's right hand reached forward to grasp the hovering Wing.  As his fingers 
closed around it, it contracted inward and upward with a wave-like shimmer.  The 
petal-shaped Wing quickly transformed into the Lighthawk Sword.  The Sword was a two-handed, 
twin-edged weapon over a meter in length.  It's quillions and pommel were intricately carved 
with strange symbols, and the blade was grooved and tapered into a wicked tongue shape.  The 
polished surface flashed reflections into the dark corners of the lab, and it glowed with 
internal fire.
	"It's beautiful," Yosho whispered.  "And it pulses like the Wings."
	"Geez, the cutting edge is only a few atoms across," Washuu announced, passing a 
hand-held sensor over the blade.  "Almost a perfect wedge.  That thing would slice through 
steel plate without resistance.  Whoever crafted it was one of the greatest artisans in 
history."
	"Tenchi, perform the first kata," Yosho commanded.  He pulled Washuu out of the 
light cone and out of harm's way.  Tenchi bowed towards his teacher, and then settled into 
the beginning fighting posture.  What followed was a graceful series of flowing movements 
that saw the Sword rising and falling in ever-tighter arcs.  The blade left an energy wake 
hovering in the air, like strokes from an ephemeral paintbrush.  Years of practice were 
evident in the power and precision of Tenchi's techniques.  It was a lethal ballet.  Tenchi 
completed the kata with a flourish and bowed once more.  The girls clapped appreciatively, 
which earned them a glare from Washuu.
	"Tenchi, how much energy could you comfortably feed the Sword?"  she asked.
	"I could raise the threshold a bit."
	"Do so, please."
	The sword in his hands became an incandescent crucifix, illuminating every corner 
of the lab.  Tenchi's shadow rippled across the floor and engulfed Washuu's workstation, 
placing her in a graduated darkness.  The four girls were no longer sitting in twilight, 
but were clearly visible, mesmerized by the display.  Yosho stood off to one side, slowly 
circling his grandson, shielding his eyes so he could inspect the Sword.  
	This tableau continued until Washuu was satisfied that she had collected enough 
data.  "Yosho?  I'm done with the Sword.  How about you?"
	"I've seen enough."
	"Tenchi, you may dematerialize the Lighthawk Sword."  Tenchi complied, the Sword 
vanished, and the lab dimmed dramatically.  It did not return to its original gloom, however,
since he still retained the armor.  	
	Yosho silently returned to his seat, lost in thought.  Washuu busied herself at her 
console, pausing only when she felt Ryoko materialize behind her.
	"Are you taking a break?  And can I talk to him for a minute?"  Ryoko asked.
	"Yes, I am taking a break, and yes, you can talk to him.  But he can't answer you 
back."
	"Good enough," she said, and teleported over to where Tenchi stood.  Floating so 
close to him took her breath away.  His armor was nearly blinding at this distance, and she
could feel the Power radiating from him.  His pupils were dark and dilated, the highlights 
within them sparkling like diamonds.  This was the image that she would carry in her heart 
forever: her knight in shining armor, the One who had liberated her from evil incarnate.  
Those memories were still fresh and painful, and it was all she could do to sit quietly in 
the darkness and watch him -- she needed to hold him.  He gave no indication that he was 
aware of her, which suited her just fine: maybe he couldn't respond, but he couldn't run 
away, either.  She wrapped her arms around him, expecting the glowing material to be cold 
and metallic.  But it wasn't; like him it felt warm and alive, and shifted subtly with his 
breathing.  She pressed against him, enjoying the sensation of absolute security.  "I love 
you, Tenchi," she whispered into his ear, and then put her head on his shoulder and wept 
quietly.
	It was only moments before Ayeka was standing beside them, a thundercloud on her 
face -- which faded when she heard her rival sobbing.  "Ryoko?" Instead of her usual 
imperious whine, her voice had modulated to the soft timbre reserved for her little sister. 
"What is wrong?"
	"It's ok, Ayeka," Ryoko sniffed, reluctantly disengaging from Tenchi.  "I never 
really thanked him for rescuing me."  She wiped her eyes with her sleeves, struggling to 
reestablish her crusty facade.  "Good thing he can't see me -- he'd just think I was turning
into a crybaby."  And then she was gone.
	Ayeka studied Tenchi's face, the planes and curves of it, it's textures and shades.   
Gods, he was handsome, and he resembled nothing less than an avenging archangel.  Ryoko had 
said he couldn't see them, so she dropped her normally reserved demeanor.  She leaned 
forward and whispered in his ear, "I love you, Tenchi Masaki, Crown Prince of my heart!"  
Then she kissed his cheek, giggled, and strode away.
	Mihoshi and Sasami wandered over, shading their eyes from the glare.  They, too, 
touched his luminescent carapace, curious about it.  "I've worn Galaxy Police battle armor 
on occasion, but nothing like this," said Mihoshi.  "This is fabulous!"
	"I've seen pictures of some of my ancestors wearing this, but nobody in my family 
has been able to summon it in several generations.  Tenchi must be a really strong Power 
user."  Sasami ran her hand over Tenchi's arm. "This feels almost like animal hide!"
	Mihoshi looked into his eyes for several moments, and then asked Sasami, "Does he 
ever talk about his feelings?  He seems the most relaxed around you."
	Sasami shrugged.  "We talk about a lot of things, but not his feelings.  Why?"
	"Oh, I don't know.  I just wondered if he likes me, I guess."
	"As far as I know, he does."
	"I hope so.  I sure like him. A lot."
	"He is cute, isn't he?" Sasami asked.
	"All right, Ladies, return to your seats!"  Washuu marched over and hustled them 
away from her test subject.  She had been discreetly watching the parade of females, each 
exposing a bit of their soul on the assumption that Tenchi wasn't aware of them.  Actually, 
he was fully aware of them; Washuu had simply said that he couldn't answer.  Tenchi was 
probably writhing in embarrassment from these confessions.  She was surprised he hadn't 
gotten a nosebleed.  It really was an amusing situation, that her housemates had to wait 
until he was immobilized to bare their feelings towards him.  He was usually tongue-tied 
when it came to discussing his feelings (typical male behavior).  She was tempted to exploit 
this situation herself, and tell Tenchi how she felt about him, how she -- 
	-- And then the alarms in her mind went off: this was not normal behavior.  At least,
not for her.  She prided herself on her objectivity and control through all of her 
experiments, and this one should be no different.   It really wasn't normal behavior for any 
of these girls, either.   On a hunch, she adjusted her monitors to include everyone else in 
the room.  Since she already had base-line readings for everyone stored in the system, she 
could compare them later as she had planned to do with Tenchi. 	
	Washuu looked at the Ladies and considered: well, if everyone was in a mood to tell 
their secrets, then perhaps this was a good time to resolve some of the issues that troubled
the group as a whole.  "Tenchi, how do you feel about the galactic houseguests living with you?"
	"I love them like family," he answered.
	"Are you attracted to any one of them in particular?"
	"I'm attracted to all of them."
	"Sexually attracted?"
	"Yes."
	"Even me and Sasami?"
	"I've seen you as an adult.  And I've seen Sasami's future form."  Meaning Tsunami, 
of course. 
	"Have you had any fantasies about us?"
	"Yes.  About each of you."
	"So why haven't you done anything about it?"
	"To pick one would mean hurting the others.  Besides, you all scare me."
	"Huh?  Please elaborate."
	"I don't know how to deal with you -- particularly Ryoko and Ayeka.  I like their 
attention, but I get very tired of the bickering.  They cause so much damage, and they often
hurt each other.   It is easier to clean up their messes than to get them to stop.  Though I
try to treat all of you as good friends, it's just not enough -- you want more from me.  
I've never had a real girlfriend, so I don't know how to behave.  I just don't know what you
see in me.  You are all so beautiful, and so exotic, but..."
	"But what?"  Washuu prompted.  
	"Are you human?"
	Washuu laughed.  "Tenchi, Earth was colonized nearly 40,000 years ago by humans from 
the stars.  There are hundreds of worlds across the galaxy teeming with human life.  With so
many diverse environments, cosmetic differences are inevitable.  Of course we are human.  If 
we weren't, neither you nor your mother nor your grandfather would have ever been born.  If 
you remember nothing else today, it is that we galactics are all Fully Human."
	"Even Ryoko, with her extraordinary abilities?"
	"Yes, even Ryoko.  Despite her genetic enhancements, the core DNA is still Fully 
Human."  Washuu heard arguing from the darkness, presumably Ayeka teasing her rival, and 
Ryoko responding.  "Tenchi, would you please describe each of your houseguests?"
	"Ryoko is wild and passionate, as is any creature freed from long captivity.  She 
has blood on her hands and burns on her soul, thanks to Kagato.  But beneath the hard shell 
beats a gentle and compassionate heart.  She needs to touch and be touched, to know that 
someone cares, to learn how to care for others.  In time, she will heal.  She needs an 
anchor in her life, to provide her with a purpose, and a home, and a reason to temper her 
passion.
	"Ayeka is Ryoko's mirror image: she is shy and demure most of the time, very poised 
and confident.  But like Ryoko, she has also been a captive, although her prison was a 
luxurious one.  She cloaks herself in etiquette and protocol and duty to hide her loneliness.  
A steel fist in a silken glove, she will tolerate no obstacles to whatever goal she chooses.
She needs a refuge in her life, a sanctuary where she can relax, a place to release her 
passion.
	"Sasami is energetic, lively, loyal, and smart.  She is compassionate and concerned, 
and fun to be around.  She worries about Tsunami, and her precognitive dreams, but she is 
also able to set them aside and enjoy her life.  She is still growing -- and her potential 
is awesome.
	"Mihoshi is an enthusiastic extrovert: an extremely powerful mind that over-developed 
the instinctive and emotional side.  She sees patterns rather than details, an essential for
a detective.  Though she lacks coordination and a grasp of the obvious, her appreciation for
the simple things in life, for the joy of the moment, makes her a wonderful companion.  She 
needs a calming influence in her life, to help her organize and control the chaos she 
unleashes.
	"You are Mihoshi's mirror image: a reclusive introvert who has over-developed the 
intellectual side of your mind.  You see details rather than patterns, an essential for a 
scientist.  You keep your life tightly controlled and meticulously organized, just to 
protect yourself from any further emotional pain.  You need a reason to embrace your 
humanity and emerge once again into the sunlight."
	Everyone watched Yosho slowly walk over to examine his Grandson.  "Tenchi, you lack 
focus, which is why you cannot control your abilities yet.   Just look at your poor 
performance with the tenchi-ken.  It was only under an all-consuming anger that you were 
able to concentrate fully enough to use the Lighthawk Weapons.  This is not a good practice,
 and could lead down the path to Kagato.  We will have to look for some appropriate 
meditation exercises to increase your focus." 
	Somewhat absently, Washuu told Tenchi he could dismiss the armor.  For a moment he 
was wrapped in a silvery fog, and then it vanished, and the lab returned to darkness.  It 
suited the mood.

