For The Love of Kiyone


A Tenchi-Muyo fanfic by Keiichi Masaki
(Keiichi_dono@hotmail.com, Keiichi_dono@scifianime.com)


Tenchi and Kiyone Masaki (did I hear a collective faint?  Good!), as
well as the rest of the cast from Tenchi-Muyo!, are the property of
Pioneer and AIC.

Author's note/rant: This is my response fic to Dr. Tran's challenge on
the FFML, and to a similar one made at GenSao's this weekend.  Ten-Kiyo
fics are my stock in trade (no apologies whatsoever to the RFFC), and
so, being the High Priest of the Temple of the Teal-tressed Goddess, it
falls to me.


(Author ducks rocks and bricks thrown by various RFFC members bearing
the words "traitor" and "heretic")

Well... on with the fic:


Chapter 2: The 8 AM Shuffle


	Tenchi was not really a morning person, but for some reason he was
finding it harder to get up today than usual.  Finally he heaved himself
into a sitting position--and almost keeled over for his trouble.  Oh...
my aching... everything...What was I doing last night?!
	Oh yeah, he reminded himself.  I was up till three talking with Kiyone.
	He smiled at the memory.  In the nearly two years that he'd known
Kiyone, he had learned very little about her personal life and
background.  But last night... now he felt like he'd known her his
entire life.
	Foe example, he now knew that she had grown up with Mihoshi, both of
them the eldest children of noble Megamian houses with long histories of
service in galactic politics.  He knew that they had joined the Galaxy
Police to prove to both their parents and themselves that they could
stand on their own two feet.  Most of all, he finally knew for certain
what he had suspected for the longest time: that under the brittle,
professionally cheerful exterior...
	...Kiyone was a real sweetie.
	I think Mom would really like her.
	He suddenly blinked.  Where did that thought come from?!
	No time to think about that now.  Look at the time.
	His eyes flew to the clock, which read 7:59 AM.  He gulped and
continued watching the clock.
	The LCD changed from 7:59 to 8:00.
	And the house shook, as if on cue.
	Smoke wafted out of a window a moment later.  Said smoke was followed
by angry female voices.
	Tenchi sighed and snapped his fingers.  "Right on the tick.  Damn, I
wish that wasn't so predictable..." He swung his legs out of the bed and
set to getting dressed.

	"...and that was Megumi Hayashibara with "Teach Me Happiness,"
announced the DJ on the radio.  "Next up is a real sweet number by Chisa
Yokoyama, called "Asian Girl."  And remember, you're listening to
Mornings with Mamoru on--"
	Sasami turned down the radio as she saw Tenchi coming down the stairs. 
"G'morning, Tenchi!" she called out cheerfully.
	"Morning, Sasami," Tenchi smiled.  "I presume that last shaking of the
house was courtesy of Ayeka and Ryoko?"
	Sasami nodded gravely.
	Tenchi sighed.  "What was it this morning?"
	"There was only one rice ball leftover from last night."
	"I wish I could say I was surprised." Tenchi walked into the kitchen
and opened the fridge.  "Need some help with breakfast this morning?"
	"No thanks." Sasami returned to the kitchen, whistling to herself.
	"Morning, everyone." Kiyone came down the stairs, Tenchi's tunic still
wrapped around her shoulders.
	"Oh, good morning, Kiyone," Tenchi replied.  He smiled wryly.  "Say, if
you're done with my tunic, could I please have it back?"
	"Well, I don't know," Kiyone bantered.  "I think I want to keep it."
	Tenchi's wry smile turned into a grin.  "Please?"
	"Oh, fine." Doing her best to feign a pout, Kiyone pulled off the tunic
and started to hand it to Tenchi.  He touched it just as the remains of
the screen door slid open and a still-arguing Ayeka and Ryoko stormed
back into the house.
	The two of them stopped short when they saw Tenchi and Kiyone smile at
each other.  Tenchi pulled the tunic back on and tied the sash.  It was
only then that he noticed the two new arrivals.  "Oh.  Do you two think
you can stop fighting long enough to have breakfast?"
	The pirate and princess immediately blushed.
	"I'll take that as a yes," quipped Washu as she entered the room. 
"Sasami, is breakfast ready?"
	"Just about!" Sasami called from the kitchen.

	"Hey, Ayeka." Ryoko nudged Ayeka.
	"Really, Ryoko, what is it?!"
	For once, Ryoko ignored Ayeka's belligerence.  "Look at them."
	"What do you--" Ayeka cut herself off in mid-bluster and looked.
	For all intents and purposes, the scene was a typical breakfast at the
Masaki house.  No one who didn't live there could tell anything out of
the ordinary (anything more than usual).
	On closer inspection, however, there was something.
	It was Tenchi and Kiyone.
	Was it their imagination, or were they bantering playfully back and
forth?
	No, it was real.
	It had been little surprise that Tenchi was most comfortable with her
and Sasami, who weren't trying to fight over him.  However, Kiyone had
never really showed any romantic feelings for Tenchi, nor he for her.
	Was that changing now?
	All Ryoko and Ayeka knew for sure was that Kiyone had been wearing
Tenchi's tunic earlier, and that they seemed very comfortable, almost
intimate, with each other now.  This was a development that would bear
watching...

	"Ahh... this is the life."  Kiyone leaned back in the large bath,
luxuriating in the warm water.  She closed her eyes, relaxed-and opened
them in a hurry as she felt herself being yanked to her feet.  "What
th-"
	Ryoko was glaring at her and holding her by the shoulders. "What the
hell have you been doing with Tenchi?" she hissed.
	"Wh-what?" Kiyone was completely lost.
	"You know what I mean!  You gave him back his shirt this morning and
then you were flirting with him all through breakfast!   What gives?!"
	"Hush, Ryoko.  Put her down." Ayeka came up from behind Ryoko and
gently pulled Kiyone from her grip.  "There are other ways to find out
what's happening besides beating it out of her."  Ayeka then turned her
attention back to Kiyone, who was sitting and gasping for air on the
edge of the bath.  The princess graced the policewoman with a smile that
was at once sweet and hard-edged.  "Now, Kiyone, would you please
explain what happened?"
	"What happened?  Nothing happened!" Kiyone replied indignantly.  She
stopped for a moment to calm down, then continued in a more reasonable
tone.  "We were sitting on the roof last night talking.  It got a little
cold, and he loaned it to me."
	"And what were you two doing up on the roof?" grumbled Ryoko.
	"Talking... staying out of the way of explosions... the usual."
	"And you still had it this morning?"
	"We were up talking till three.  I didn't notice that I'd taken it with
me until I woke up this morning."
	"And what were you two talking about?" Ayeka asked.
	"I don't see how any of that is your business, but... just life... the
universe... stuff like that."
	"Is that all?  You two looked pretty cozy at the breakfast table."
	Kiyone definitely didn't like Ryoko's tone or her insinuations. 
Honestly, don't these two have any concept of logic?!  This is so
annoying... she thought.
	Is it annoying because they're bothering you, or because there may be
reason for them to worry? another part of her mind quipped.
	To Ryoko's question, she answered, "Yes, that's all."
	"Are you sure you two didn't talk about anything-or anyone-else... like
me or Ayeka?"
	Kiyone gulped but met Ryoko's eyes "Ask Tenchi."
	"Why won't you tell us?" inquired Ayeka, who was at least trying to
maintain a semblance of calmness.
	"Because it's not my place to tell you." Kiyone sighed.  "All right...
Tenchi and I did talk about you, but I didn't try to steer him in one
direction or another.  I was just there to listen to him-" Which is more
than you two have ever tried, she thought sourly "-and that's it.  All I
told him to do was what he thought was right.  As to what that is... you
two really should ask him, not me.  If you really care."
	That effectively ended the conversation in the bath.  Ayeka and Ryoko
finished their ablutions in record time, dressed, and left the bath,
almost running Mihoshi over in their silent rush.  Mihoshi stood
blinking after them for a moment, then shrugged and entered the bath. 
She seated herself next to Kiyone and turned to her partner.  "Are you
okay, Kiyone?"
	Kiyone relaxed and sighed.  "Yeah, I think so..."
	"Those two were in a hurry."  Mihoshi eyed her partner and childhood
friend cannily.  "Might this have something to do with you coming in
with Tenchi's shrine tunic last night?"
	Kiyone nodded, unfazed by Mihoshi's sudden spurt of intelligence.  This
had been happening since they were kids: sporadic instances where the
blond detective actually had a clue.
	"They think you're trying to put the moves on Tenchi too now, huh?"
	Kiyone nodded and released a shaky breath.  "The thing is, Mihoshi..."
	Mihoshi's eyes widened.  "Oh, no, don't you dare tell me that you..."
	Kiyone blushed slightly, but forged ahead.  "...I'm starting to see
what they see in Tenchi."
	"Oh, my."

	"Lord Tenchi?"
	"Tenchi?"
	Tenchi turned from the dishes he was washing to find Ayeka and Ryoko
standing behind him.  For once, they weren't bickering or imitating a
wrecking crew.  No, they had matching serious expressions on their
faces.
	Keeping his voice carefully cheerful, he smiled and said, "Hello,
girls.  Can I do something for you?"
	The two contenders for Tenchi's affection exchanged looks, then Ryoko
spoke.  "Tenchi, we need to talk with you.  Now."
	For the past two years, Tenchi had dreaded this moment.  Now, however,
he felt almost relieved.  Finally.  Finally we can settle this.  
	He followed the two out side.  As he passed the bathroom, Kiyone came
out, wrapped in a kimono.  Their eyes met for a brief second, and
through that connection, Tenchi actually felt a little better.
	I'll take all the strength-both mental and emotional-that I can get. 
Somehow I get the feeling that I'll need it...he thought.

	End part 2