Public Disclaimer

Tenchi and all its characters are owned by AIC and Pioneer.  Tenchi Muyo!
and all it's characters were created by Masaki Kajishima, or so I'm told.
The author of this fan fiction only owns the writings. 
	This story takes place in the OVA series.  
------------------------------------------------------------------------










                         Tenchi Muyo!
               "Kiyone Finally Falls from the Sky"
                             By
                        Rene Chavez
                  renechavez@sprintmail.com











	In space, a small pod flew heading straight for Earth.  The only 
passenger inside was rechecking a rifle.  She crackled with mad laughter
as the gun began charging.  "I'm going to get you," spoke the passenger.  
The pod began entering Earth's atmosphere.  A light blinked and a 
holo-screen appeared.
	
     "We are now entering Earth's atmosphere.  Locate target?" asked a 
computer voice.

	"Yes," replied the passenger.  The computer screen began showing 
geographical areas on the Earth.  The computer stopped on an island.  
Then began zooming in.

	"The target has been found," said the computer.

	"Prepare full frontal assault and initiate alpha program 'Kill the 
Blonde,'" said the voice.

	"Acknowledged," replied the computer.

	The passenger pulled out a massive rifle and started loading miniature
missiles.  

	"Mihoshi!  I am going to kill you!!!!  Hahahahahahahah!" Kiyone laughed
insanely.
	
	Tenchi always found his evening walks relaxing.  He would stroll around his 
family's grounds and reflect on the events of his life.  Tenchi had a lot of 
reflecting to do.  After all, just a few years ago he was just an ordinary 
high school student.  Now, he is a lost Jurian prince, wieldier of the Light
 Hawk Wings, and savior of the universe.  To add to his problems, he released 
a beautiful demon, encountered two princesses, a mad scientist, and a galaxy police 
officer.  All the girls have shown affection to him and now live under the same 
roof with him.  

Tenchi's life has become extremely complicated.

	His evening walks were the only ritual that his current "houseguests" would give him
without any interruptions.  Ryoko always waited for him in his bed.  Ayeka would be 
ready to intrude and protect his "virtue."  Mihoshi and Sasami would be asleep by now. 
Washu is probably working on something the entire household would soon regret.  He was
always trying to struggle for some personal space with them.  They all wanted his 
attention, but there were many things he had to do during his days.  Tenchi laughed 
at the thought that whenever he went off on some adventure, it was really a vacation 
from his busy routine from training, school, farming, and Ayeka's prince training.  
He still wonders why he let himself be trained in Jurian etiquette.  He treasured 
these walks.  He would live in his dreams and let himself relax.

	"Lord Tenchi," spoke a finely feminine voice.  Tenchi turned around in surprise
and saw Ayeka sitting by Funaho, Yosho's Jurian tree.  Tenchi looked around at his 
surroundings.  

	"Hello, Miss Ayeka.  I was just lost in my thoughts.  I didn't know I ended up 
here," said Tenchi.  He walked over to her.  She was sitting on one of Funaho's 
large roots looking at the lake surrounded by the tree.  Ayeka was always quiet,
except with Ryoko.

	"I didn't mean to disturb you, Miss Ayeka," said Tenchi.  She didn't respond.  

	"I'll be going," Tenchi continued.

	"No, please don't," said Ayeka.  "I'm sorry, Lord Tenchi.  I guess I'm lost 
in my thoughts too," she said.  She looked up at Tenchi and smiled.  She moved to 
the side and made room for him to sit next to her.  Tenchi smiled at her and took
her offer.

	"I guess we all just need to time think," he said.  Ayeka nodded.

	"I can only imagine how things have been with you and Sasami, since the…" 
Tenchi cut himself off.  He remembered how much the last few months have hurt 
Ayeka and the rest of the royal family. 

	"It's an adjustment, but things happen for the best," she said.  Tenchi 
could see she was still in pain.

	"At least you don't have to worry about leaving," Tenchi took a deep breath,
"I was always afraid that you would have to leave."

	Ayeka's face brightened at what Tenchi just said.  "This is the only place 
I have known happiness," she said.

Tenchi leaned forward and looked down at the lake.  The bright moonlight showed 
his own reflection staring back at him.  "It has been said that Funaho could make
wishes come true if one's heart is open." 

	"The power of a Jurian tree is a mysterious thing, even to the royal family,"
said Ayeka.  Tenchi nodded.

	"I know what this tree really is, but I still like to think there's some 
truths to it," said Tenchi.  

	Quietly, Funaho began sparkling with lights.  The light flakes drifted into
the lake.  Ayeka looked down and saw Tenchi's reflection.  Tenchi opened his hands
and the glowing flakes land on his hand.  He looked up and saw Funaho releasing a 
set of beautiful lights.  Tenchi looked at Ayeka.  Funaho's flakes landed on her, 
giving her face a slight glow.  Ayeka looked at Tenchi, flakes were landing on his 
head also.  A warm feeling overcame both of them.  "Why is my heart beating so fast?"
thought Tenchi.

	"Is this a dream?" thought Ayeka.

	They both closed their eyes.  Their lips were about to touch.  "Tenchi, I lo…"
Ayeka did not finish.  A sudden sonic boom ripped through the night sky.  Tenchi 
reacted quickly and put himself on top of Ayeka.  A strong wind blew by and quickly
dispersed Funaho's flakes.

	"Mihoshi?" asked Tenchi.

	Ayeka shook her head, "Washu hasn't repaired her ship.  She was asleep when 
I left the house."

	"We have to go check it out.  I think it was near Ryoko's cave," said Tenchi.  
He quickly stood up and started running to the crash site.  Ayeka stood up and 
looked at the pond.  She put her hand on Funaho's bark.  "Thank you," she said.  
She quickly composed herself and followed Tenchi. 

	Ryoko sat in her cave.  She meditated on her life when Tenchi went on his 
walks.  The cave reminded her of the loneliness in her heart.  There was only one 
Ryoko in the entire universe and there was only one Tenchi.  That was all that 
mattered to her.  When Tenchi went on his walks, Ryoko went to her cave.  It was 
her reminder that the past is gone and she now had Tenchi.  Tenchi would be home 
soon and she would be there waiting in his bed.  She knew what would happen, but 
she loved seeing his reactions.  Tenchi would try to blow her off and send her away,
 but her heightened senses told her a different story.  His body temperature would 
rise along with his heartbeat.  He will perspire and start releasing pheromones.  
It would drive her wild with passion, but Tenchi was still afraid.  Ryoko respected
 his feelings and could wait.  She was happy just knowing that she can get a reaction
out of him.  It was just unfortunate that he also reacted the same way to Ayeka.  
She suddenly stood up and drew her energy blade.  Her advanced senses told her 
something was coming.

	The pod landed a distance away from Ryoko's cave.  The impact caused a sonic boom 
and a shock wave that traveled past the Masaki household and the shrine.  The pod
slowly opened as Ryoko appeared on the scene just as a Galaxy Police hardsuit flew
out from the pod.  "Mihoshi," spoke the GP officer through and electronic voice 
box.  Ryoko looked at the officer strangely. 

	"Who wants to know?" asked Ryoko.  The hardsuit began to charge up its 
energy weapons.  Inside the hardsuit, a read out on Ryoko appeared giving out
 all her fighting capabilities.

	"I will find her, criminal space pirate Ryoko.  The statue of limitations
may have passed, but I will use force if you get in my way," replied the hardsuit.
The officer raised an arm and fired a set of energy blasts.

	"Oh shit," said Ryoko as she ignited her energy sword and disappeared.  
Ryoko appeared behind the hardsuit and slashed into the armor.  Her blade 
bounced back.  "Damn, reflective armor," grunted Ryoko.  The hardsuit quickly 
moved and swatted Ryoko into a nearby tree.  Ryoko stood up and fired an energy
blast at the hardsuit's feet.  The hardsuit fell down but ignited its jet pack 
and began hovering in the air.  "Now, I'm pissed," said Ryoko as she fired 
more energy blast at the hardsuit.  

	The hardsuit retaliated and fired a set of missiles at Ryoko.  The space 
pirate maneuvered around the missiles, but one struck a tree near her and knocked 
her into the ground.  A second barrage of missiles was coming her way, but Ryoko 
didn't see them coming in time.  Ryoko covered her head and waited for the missiles
to ignite.

	Ryoko heard the missiles ignite, but didn't feel the impact.  She looked 
up and saw Ayeka standing over her.  Ayeka had her shield up and let the 
missiles strike.  "Honestly Ryoko, you are more of a bother than what your 
worth," said Ayeka. 

"Hey Princess, who always gets kidnapped and makes Tenchi and the rest of us 
go rescue her?" replied Ryoko.  Ayeka glared at Ryoko.  

"No time to talk, I have a Galaxy Police hardsuit that's going to get sent 
home in pieces," said Ryoko angrily.  The hardsuit landed and was about to 
fire another round of missiles when Tenchi ran with his Tenchi-ken charged 
from the trees and slashed the hardsuit's back destroying the jet pack.  
The explosion sent the hardsuit crashing against the ground.  Tenchi stood 
in front of Ryoko and Ayeka with his Tenchi-ken blazing.

	"I don't know who you are or what you want, but you better stop right 
there if you don't want us seriously hurting you," said Tenchi.

	The hardsuit was about to get up when it found itself encased in a 
crystal shield.  Washu and Mihoshi appeared.  

	"Sorry we took so long.  It took so long.  The ditz wouldn't wake 
up and then insisted on getting her uniform on," said Washu.	

	"Oh another Galaxy Police person!" screamed Mihoshi.  Sasami and 
Noboyuki were following her also from a distance.

	The GP hardsuit automatically scanned her and began to target fire 
a set of lasers causing cracks in the shield.  

	"The shield's not holding it," said Washu.  Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka 
prepared for a second round of fighting.  Mihoshi stepped forward and 
stood in front of the hardsuit as the shield collapsed. 

Mihoshi stood there and smiled.  "Hello, I'm First Class Detective Mihoshi. 
I didn't receive a call that anyone else was coming," said Mihoshi.  
The hardsuit stood up and a set of new blasters and missile launchers 
appeared from all over the hardsuit.
	
	Ryoko stood there and pondered whether she should do anything 
about the incoming scene.

	"Uh, Mihoshi?" said Tenchi worriedly.

	Mihoshi pulled out her cube and started fidgeting with it.  
"I bet your suit got locked up when it landed," she said.  The armored 
officer was about to fire when the power suddenly died down.  The armor 
collapsed on itself.  Inside a muffled screamed could be heard.

	"Oops, I accidentally shut down the internal gravity field," said 
Mihoshi.  

	"Galaxy Police hardsuits have their own structural integrity that 
keeps it maneuverable and yet heavily armed.  Now that the field is gone, 
thousands of pounds of weights are coming down on whoever is inside of 
the suit," said Washu.

Mihoshi began turning the cube another angle.  A small explosion ruptured 
from the bottom of the suit.  The muffled scream became louder.

"The field also shielded the person from the internal heat and kickbacks 
from its own weaponry," said Washu.

"Oh," said everybody.

Suddenly the suit began to fall apart and the occupant was screaming curses.

	"Oh my, such language," said Mihoshi.  The harsuit's helmet broke into 
various pieces.  The officer took off her helmet revealing long dark green 
hair.  Mihoshi's eyes lit up and she ran toward the officer.

	"KIYONE!!!" screamed Mihoshi.  Kiyone did not have time to react as 
she was tackled down to the floor again.

	"I've missed you so much," Mihoshi said as she broke down crying.  

	"Get off me," screamed Kiyone.  Her veins were popping out from 
all her frustration.  Mihoshi pulled her up.  

	"Mihoshi, is this your partner who you kept talking about?" 
asked Sasami.

	Mihoshi giggled, "She is the greatest Galaxy Police person in 
the entire universe and my best friend."

	"And she attacked us because?" asked Ryoko.

	"She does that all the time," says Mihoshi and patted Kiyone 
on the back.  "She likes to keep me in top shape and is always doing
 surprise attacks, and you know, leaving traps in my bed or some 
poisonous venom in my coffee or something," said Mihoshi.

	Everybody else dropped a sweat bead.	

	"Can you blame her?" asked Washu.

	Sasami stepped in front of Kiyone and offered her hand.

	"Hello, I'm Sasami," she said.  Kiyone politely smiled 
and shook her hand.  Her anger was subsiding as she looked down 
at Sasami.

	"Nice to meet you Sasami," said Kiyone.

	"Tenchi, this is Kiyone," said Mihoshi.  Tenchi walked 
up to her and shook her hand.  

	"Nice to meet you," he said.

	Kiyone looked at Tenchi embarrassingly, "Sorry for the 
attack."

	Tenchi rubbed the back of his head.  "Don't worry about 
it, no real harm done."

	Ryoko appeared around Tenchi's neck, "Besides, it's not 
like you could have actually done anything beside give me a 
light work-out."

	"We'll there's no point in hanging out here in the dark.  
Let's all go inside and have some tea," Noboyuki said.  
Everybody agreed and followed.  Mihoshi took Kiyone by the 
hand and lead her into the Masaki house.

	Later that night, Kiyone sat by Mihoshi's window.  She 
was trying to catch up on everything.  Mihoshi and everybody 
else kept on about how Tenchi defeated Kagato and all the other 
adventures they went on.  Kiyone even forgot she was here to kill 
Mihoshi for a while.

She held a blaster by her side.  She aimed it at the Mihoshi.  
The blonde was completely unaware of Kiyone.  She could pull 
the trigger and end the hell she calls partner.  Kiyone put the 
gun down.  "Who am I kidding," said Kiyone to herself.  There was
no way she would actually hurt Mihoshi.  Even though she left her
 behind to die in the middle of nowhere.  Mihoshi was Kiyone's friend.

"Mihoshi?" asked Kiyone.  	

"Yeah, Kiyone," said a sleepy Mihoshi.

	"They were going to promote and send you to the main 
headquarters," said Kiyone.

	"Yeah, I guess," said Mihoshi.  She was making herself 
more comfortable and was drifting back into sleep.

	"Why are you still here?" asked Kiyone.

	"Tenchi," replied Mihoshi sleepily, "he's my destiny." 

	Kiyone pondered her statement.  She turned to talk some 
more, but Mihoshi was snoring away.

	Kiyone laid down on her futon.  She was surprised to 
actually find herself relaxing after all her struggles.  

	She looked at Mihoshi and smiled.

	"I guess I'm stuck here with you for awhile," she said.  

"Ooh, Tenchi," said Mihoshi.  

"What is it about this Tenchi that makes him so special?" 
asked Kiyone as she turned over and drifted to sleep.



                        THE
                        END

 

