Season 2: Home Life and Shadow Plays
Episode 9: No Need for a Cure

Washu's Laboratory

"Can you really cure Ayeka?" Tenchi asked.

"I believe that I can," Washu said.

"Out with it, Washu!" Ryoko snatched the little scientist by 
the collar and dragged her up. Washu regarded her with a 
sort of resigned, irritated look.

"Hey, Ryoko, are you drunk again?" she asked.

"What?"

"Because you really stink," Washu wrinkled her nose and 
wafted her hand back and forth in front of her face.

"Lady Shinku, please behave in keeping with your station," 
Ryoko had winced at the title. "Besides, it won't do any 
good to do anything to her."

"You have a point, princess," Ryoko admitted and set Washu 
down, not very differently. Washu wasn't particularly 
concerned.

"Now, can you explain what you've found out Washu?" Tenchi 
asked.

"Yes, please make yourself clear Washu-chan."

"I'll try," she said, calling up a holo-keyboard and typing 
in commands. A holographic image of Ayeka appeared, 
surrounded by a net of interlocking energy strands. "This is 
Ayeka's energy field before she burned out. The information 
I had at the time was sketchy so this might not be a totally 
accurate representation so much as it is a reconstruction 
based on my current findings." Everybody nodded as she 
pointed out the pale blue energy net on the three-
dimensional hologram.

"Okay, now these strands are actually indicative of the 
paths of certain sub-atomic particles that surround the 
Jurai noble. These particles interact to produce the Jurai 
energy, though there is also some influence from the person 
itself that makes the effect very difficult to reproduce 
accurately through artificial means. In essence, a person is 
capable of sustaining a higher charge and producing much 
more complex effects that a mere machine."

"Get to the point Washu," Ryoko snapped.

"The point is, Ryoko," Washu typed a few more commands on 
her keyboard. "That this is what the paths about Ayeka look 
like now." The hologram changed to reveal a ravaged net. "In 
order to supply Ayeka with enough power for what she wanted 
to do, she transferred a majority of the particles about her 
into Jurai energy. At least I suspect that this is what 
happened. So now this little orbit here," she pointed to a 
line just above the hologram's head. "Has only one or two 
other orbits that it intersects with. Same here, and here 
and so on."

"How does this help, Washu-s..chan?" Ayeka asked. "You still 
haven't shown how this damage could be fixed.

"Yes, well," Washu cleared her throat. "When you attempted 
to channel just a moment before, most of the energy went 
into bridging these gaps here." She typed a few commands on 
her keyboard and pointed to three of the gaps in the net. As 
she pointed they were filled. "The energy was converted back 
into the necessary particles and so the damage was 
repaired."

"So all she has to do is keep channeling and it will repair 
itself," Tenchi asked.

"NO!" Washu and Ryoko snapped at once.

"The net was repaired here, Tenchi, but," Washu typed some 
more and the hologram changed again. "See here, the strain 
was starting to fray these other strands across the net as a 
whole. And as that was happening her vital signs went wild. 
Just channeling is not an option, it will do more harm than 
good."

"Then what is the answer?" Ayeka demanded exasperated. Washu 
was programming the hologram again.

"If we can supply your net with Jurai energy from an outside 
source," Washu noted. "Then perhaps that outside force can 
provide the energy needed to rebuild your net."

"I'm willing."

"Not you Tenchi, it won't work. I thought about you and 
Ryoko almost immediately, but the energy fields are not 
compatible."

"What," Tenchi said. "Why not?" Washu was typing on her 
holo-board again.

"Well the short of it is that you are not pure-blooded Jurai 
noble," Washu said. "Not that it would really matter in a 
normal case, Ayeka isn't pure either. Ryoko seems to be the 
only pure bred noble anything of you three."

"I beg your pardon!" Ayeka snapped angrily. Washu continued 
on without paying attention.

"Watch what you're saying, Washu," Ryoko growled, disliking 
the reminder of the heritage that had caused so much 
trouble.

"But in Ayeka's case her non-Jurai noble ancestor was just 
an average person without access to any power source. Some 
where in your ancestry you have Terran spiritual power as 
well." Two new holograms appeared showing Tenchi and Ryoko 
with similar particle nets about them. Tenchi actually 
seemed to have two intersecting nets of pale blue and white. 
"I've watched, you can't channel Jurai power without 
channeling Terran power as well. It is not compatible with 
Ayeka's net."

"What about Grandfa." Ayeka started.

"He's powerful, and pure blood, at least unmixed blood. He's 
also quite old, however, and I don't know if he could do it, 
for all that he is hale."

"Your Jurai power generators?" Ryoko suggested.

"Well, after confiscating and dismantling one Kiyone's new 
rifles," she said that with a touch of pride. "I concluded 
that the energy produced is too raw to be used for much in 
the way of practical purposes, just brute stuff like with 
Caine and then powering Kiyone's rifles."

The conversation was interrupted by the appearance of a 
communicator screen from the Yagami.

"Are you guys still there?" Kiyone asked. Then she took in 
the scene and sighed. "Did something happen with Ayeka?"

"We were discussing a possible treatment for my.injury," 
Ayeka hmphed in response to being treated as if she weren't 
there again.

"I see, well we don't have too much time left, and there has 
been a complication."

"What kind of complication?" Tenchi asked. "I thought the 
Jurai Empire and GP had already said they didn't mind us 
talking to Earth's governments."

"Yes, well this is for Ryoko," Kiyone reported. The screen 
split to reveal Kamidake, the younger of the two knights.

"Princess Ayeka, I hope that you are well," he said almost 
immediately.

"I am as fine as can be expected, Kamidake-san."

"Has the great Washu," there was no sarcasm. "found 
a.treatment for your.condition?"

"There is a possibility, but you have business with Lady 
Shinku, do you not?"

"Yeah, what do you want me for?"

"There has been a problem with some of the Akuneko that were 
captured on the Jurai border."

"I thought they all went back across dead space," Tenchi 
said.

"Well, the survivors of the Shiroi clan that attacked the 
main force of Jurai apparently don't want to return," 
Kamidake said. "They seem to want asylum over here, and now 
we have reports that more ships are appearing. Not combat 
vessels it seems, but various civilian craft."

"What can I do about that?" Ryoko asked irritably.

"Perhaps when you speak to the governments of Earth today, 
you can arrange permission for a colony over there. On one 
of those unused planets maybe. This permission is really 
more of a formality anyway, isn't it."

"Unused planets," Tenchi repeated. "They're unused because 
they're unliveable."

"That's what terraforming is for," Washu announced suddenly, 
a particularly hungry gleam in her eyes. Everybody 
sweatdropped as they imagined what a Washu terraforming 
project would look like. 

"Talk to Kiyone and Tenchi, they're doing the talking."

"Excuse me Lady Shinku, but they also seek your permission," 
Kamidake said embarrsed.

"Why would they want my permission," Ryoko asked.

"Because they are apparently looking to you as their 
rightful ruler."

"Well they can take that and stuff it," Ryoko snapped. "Why 
are you making this call and not some pointless little 
bureaucrat."

"Well.I was.concerned for Princess Ayeka," he admitted. 
Ayeka blushed demurely. "She was defending me at the time."

"Well this is certainly an interesting turn of events," 
Washu suggested. "Perhaps you would be willing to help with 
Ayeka-san's treatment?"

"Of course I'd be willing, I can come to Earth immediately."

"No, please sir, don't trouble yourself," Ayeka interrupted. 
"I shall come to you, if Washu-sa..err.chan has nothing 
against that."

"Certainly not, there's only so much I can do in this part 
of the galaxy any way."

"You're leaving?" Ryoko asked in disbelief.

"I shall be back Lady Shinku, you can have faith in that," 
she smirked. "Somebody needs to teach you the proper way in 
which royalty should behave."

"I do have one complaint," Washu noted. "Unless Ryoko is 
willing to let Ryo-Ohki carry us."

"Yes!" Ryoko snapped.

"Then it is settled then," Ayeka sighed. "I shall be 
returning to the imperial planet, Kamidake-san, but please 
do not tell anyone as of yet."

"Well Tenchi, are you just going to stand there?" Ryoko 
tapped her foot angrily. "I thought we had somewhere to go. 
Oh never mind." She vanished, teleporting off to the Yagami 
no doubt.

"She's getting worse isn't she," Ayeka sighed.

"I'll try to talk to her as soon as I can get her alone 
again," Tenchi said, before dissipating into a series of 
blue-white motes.
