                        An Unlikely Relationship
        A Tenchi Muyo Fanfic starring Tenchi and Kiyone

So, this is the second part of my fanfic.  These characters are not
mine, they belong to AIC\Pioneer.  The story is mine so don't copy it!
Please read the first part of this before you read this one.  Send any
comments or concerns to JEFFGOAT11@aol.com.  Thanks to all the people
who did send me e-mail.  KIYONE FOREVER!

Part 2: Homecoming

        The night slipped away and the day awakened with the chirping
of birds in the forest near the Masaki household.  The sun crept up
slowly from the horizon from where it slept.  The sunshine slipped
through the window in Tenchi's room and illuminated Kiyone's sleeping
form.  Tenchi awoke to her turning body.  Kiyone's head rested on
Tenchi's chest, her teal hair covering him.  Tenchi was exhausted.
Kiyone turned slightly and groaned, holding Tenchi tighter.
        "Good morning Tenchi," Kiyone buried her head deeper into
Tenchi's chest.  "Good morning, my Kiyone."  Tenchi lifted her chin
with his index finger and gave her a long good morning kiss.  She
returned it with the same amount of intensity.  Tenchi didn't want this
moment to end.  He told this to Kiyone who nodded her agreement.
Slowly, he slipped out of bed and put on his morning clothes.  Tenchi
slowly opened the door, checking if anyone was in the hall.  Finding it
empty, he cautiously moved to the stairs.  On the top step was a short
note from his Dad informing him that he was leaving early.  Tenchi led
Kiyone to the kitchen.  Both of them made a small breakfast of miso
soup, some steamed rice, and some fish.  Kiyone thought quietly while
Tenchi ate.  'Something's going to break this up' she thought.  'This
can't last forever.'  Kiyone's premonition of insecurity was not
unjustified for two ships, a Jurian transport and an odd looking spiky
spacecraft, were about to arrive in the earth solar system.
        Ryoko felt a strange feeling go through her.  She and Aeka were
only a few hours from earth and yet she felt uneasy, insecure.
"Ryo-Ohki!  Get Aeka on communications."
        A beautiful young woman with purplish hair appeared on one of
the floating crystals that were Ryo-Ohki's monitors.  A short blue
haired girl in long pig tails was with her. "Hi Ryoko!" shouted Sasami.
"Hello Sasami," Ryoko answered.  Ryoko had really taken a liking to the
little princess even though she absolutely despised her sister.
'Besides,' she thought, 'she's not going for MY Tenchi.'  "What do you
want Ryoko?" Aeka's voice brought her back to reality.  "Uh, did you
feel something strange just a moment ago?"  Aeka noticed the look on
Ryoko's face and she figured that Ryoko was being sincere, for once
anyway.  "Actually, now that you mention it I did feel something.  It
was like a feeling of insecurity, like something was wrong."  "Yeah,
that's what I was talking about.  Maybe we should get back to Earth
as fast as we can.  Tenchi might be in trouble!"  Aeka nodded and
the Jurian transport and Ryo-Ohki went full speed.
        Tenchi looked into the most beautiful eyes in his universe.
Kiyone had discovered a wild rose bush in full bloom.  The two had
sat down on the soft grass to pick the beautiful flowers.  Kiyone, her
premonition forgotten, was slowly sampling the sweet scent of the
red flowers.  Kiyone accidentally gripped one of the flowers a little
too tightly.  One of the thorns drew blood from her middle finger.
She let out a little cry of pain.  Tenchi immediately was at her side.
He wiped the little droplet of blood on Kiyone's finger.  "My hero,"
she said softly.  "How about a reward?" he said playfully.  Kiyone
quickly gave him a peck on the cheek.  "Anything for a damsel in
distress." Tenchi gave a small laugh and began placing the roses in
a small basket.  Kiyone scanned the small rose bush once again.  They
had picked all the blooming ones.  A white glint caught her eye.
There was a blooming white rose, different from the rest.  She picked
it immediately a went over to Tenchi.  "My hero deserves a greater
reward than gold and silver."  She handed him the white rose.  Tenchi
played along and wrapped the rose in the handkerchief he had used to
treat Kiyone.  "My lady is too kind."  He hooked her arm with his and
they walked slowly back to the house.  The slight fluttering of a
bird's wings marked their arrival back at the house.  Kiyone went to
the kitchen to make some lunch while Tenchi headed up to his room.  He
carefully put the handkerchief and rose in the bottom drawer of his
study.  On his desk, he noticed a small black box with a note attached.
It was from his father.  It read: I know you two love each other very
much and even if you're not getting married yet I think that it's time
for you, Tenchi, to propose.  This is the same ring I gave your mother
when I proposed.  It would honor her and I if you used it.  You've
grown a lot Tenchi.  Your mother would be proud.  I know I am.  Tenchi
wiped away a small tear and opened the black box.  The ring was made
of gold with little jewels studded into it.  On the surface of the
ring was an engraved rose.  Tenchi smiled at it and pocketed the box.
Maybe it is time, he thought.
        Tenchi went down on one knee in front of the mirror.  "Will
youjoinmeinholymatrimony?"  The words all came out in a jumble.  No,
he thought, it's not time yet.  But one day ...  The thought made him
smile.  Tenchi hurried down the steps as the sweet aromas of the lunch
that Kiyone was preparing entered his nostrils.  "Hmm, smells good."
Tenchi opened the door to the kitchen, expecting a teal haired woman
busy over the stove.  Instead he found a small girl with blue pigtails
fixing up some hot tea.  The girl turned at the sound of the opened
door.  "Tenchi!" she cried.  She left her stove and ran towards him.
He scooped her up and twirled her in his arms.  Tenchi saw the frown
Kiyone was wearing and realized the real gravity of the situation.
Tenchi tensed up with fear, large beads of sweat forming on his brow.
Kiyone nodded at the look he gave her.  She was also sweating bullets.
        "Uh, Sasami?  Where is your sister and Ryoko?"
        "Oh, they went to look for you in the forest.  We arrived a
couple of hours ago and when they couldn't find you they thought that
you were in trouble.  Gee, I'm glad your safe!"  Sasami giggled a
little and continued working on the tea.  Tenchi looked at Sasami
sternly.  "Now Sasami, it is important that we find Aeka and Ryoko
right away.  I have to speak with them about something urgent."
Sasami saw the seriousness in Tenchi's words, nodded slowly, and
hurried outside.  Kiyone and Tenchi followed her.  "Ryoko!"  Tenchi
yelled out the name.  "Ryoko!  Where are you?"  "Over here Tenchi,"
Ryoko purred while attaching onto Tenchi's arm.  Tenchi almost
screamed in surprise and shock.  He quickly calmed down.  "Ryoko, we
need to talk about something."  "Whatever you say Tenchi."  Ryoko
clung onto Tenchi's arm and began floating.  Wait until Aeka sees this,
Tenchi thought.  As soon as the words popped into his mind a loud
yell erupted from behind them.  "Ryoko!  What are you doing to Lord
Tenchi!?"  Aeka fumed and Sasami walked behind her cheerfully.  She
had Ryo-Ohki, the little part rabbit, part cat, creature behind her.
"Here they go again Ryo-Ohki," she sighed.  Ryo-Ohki nodded and
covered her eyes with her ears.  "Get off him now you pirate!"
"Tenchi!  See how mean she is to me?"  "You are bothering Lord Tenchi!"
"How can he be bothered by someone he absolutely loves
UNCONDITIONALLY?"  She let the last word carry a little just to spite
Aeka.  "QUIET!"  Tenchi's roar echoed through the woods.  "We have
something very important to talk about."  Tenchi cleared his throat.
"We have to go inside.  Sasami, make some tea for us if you please.
This day could be quite trying."

        Tenchi entered the house with a heavy heart.  He hated himself
for what he was about to do.  He searched through his many memories of
the good times he had had with the two girls.  They were both nice and
sweet but he still loved Kiyone more.  He felt a guilt, which tore him
apart inside, yet, if he denied the love he felt, that would tear him up
even more.  Tenchi tried to collect himself but was unable to.  He
couldn't hurt these girls.  He remembered how each of the girls had trued
to express their love for him.  Ryoko was not afraid to show her feelings
for Tenchi.  Aeka was more reserved, giving subtle hints to him.  He loved
them both.  Kiyone came up to him and put her hands on his shoulders.
        "It'll be hard, but if you don't want to do it..." Tenchi admired
how Kiyone tried to comfort him.
        Ryoko climbed down the stairs, looking for Tenchi.  She noticed
that Kiyone had gone into the room with Tenchi.  Slightly suspicious,
Ryoko silently crept up to the doorway.
        Aeka spotted Ryoko sneaking around.  She felt it her duty to find
out what Ryoko was doing.  She saw Ryoko looking into the room with Tenchi
and Kiyone.  Aeka could not see Kiyone from where she stood and she had not
seen the former police officer entering the room.  She crept as silently as
Ryoko and confronted her with a whisper.
        "Ryoko!" she shouted in whispers.  "What are you doing?"
        Ryoko pointed into the room.  "They're in there together.  Kiyone
and Tenchi."  Aeka noticed the worried look in Ryoko's eyes.  Aeka had never
thought of Kiyone as a competitor for Tenchi's heart but her eyes were
telling her differently.  She saw Kiyone's hands on Tenchi's shoulders.
They stood still, waiting.
        Tenchi looked into the eyes of beauty and found strength.  His new
found strength flowed from the heart, which loved Kiyone and pledged its
allegiance to that love.  He reached up to that beautiful face above him
and locked his lips with hers.  He let the love they both felt intertwine
in that single kiss.  They hung there a moment, consumed in the love they
felt for each other.  They broke their kiss; each filled with new strength.
        Ryoko and Aeka watched as Tenchi kissed Kiyone.  She had not insisted
on it or forced it upon him.  He had initiated the kiss.  Their hearts sank.
They each felt differently.  Aeka began to feel disconnected.  She didn't
speak a word.  Aeka looked blankly while her heart was torn apart.  She
stood, silent.  Ryoko took it quite differently.  She looked into her broken
heart and found new rage.  Her heart had been filled with love, love for
Tenchi.  That love had concealed the rage she had in her heart.  This rage
was accumulated from her years of being a pirate and her childhood.  She
snapped.  Ryoko grabbed Aeka and tore into the room.  Tenchi and Kiyone
stared as Ryoko and Aeka burst into the room.

        Ryoko looked into the eyes of Tenchi, searching for the
something, anything that might cause his rash behavior.  Aeka was
following suit.  Both of the girls had already powered up their force
shields and weapons.  Tenchi was acting as a barrier between them and
Kiyone.  Kiyone had her firearm ready.  For a brief second nothing
happened.  Then, someone fired.
        A blast erupted from Ryoko's fingertips.  It was aimed at the
unguarded side of Kiyone.  Tenchi had noticed Ryoko move that way and
pivoted accordingly.  Kiyone also saw Ryoko's move and slid out of the way.
Tenchi caught the full force of the blast.  He was knocked off his feet and
lay bleeding on the floor.  Kiyone was immediately by his side, holding his
hand.  Tears began welling up in her eyes.  She saw the burn on Tenchi's
chest.
        Sasami burst into the room.  She saw the fallen Tenchi and
immediately called for Washu, who immediately appeared next to her.
        Tenchi held Kiyone's hand.  He smiled and mouthed out 'I love you.'
 His grip lessened and his hand fell limp.  Kiyone cried out in anguish.
        "Wait!" cried Washu.  "I may still be able to save him."  Washu picked
him up with strength born from desperation and concern.  She locked herself in
her laboratory.

Watch out!  There still is a third part of this story!  You'll have to wait for
my third part so; any comments are greatly appreciated.  Have a nice day!
KIYONE IS LIFE!

Jeff Leonard
Jeffgoat11@aol.com
