Kiyo Muyo 2
By The Unknown DJ

Diary of Kiyone Makibi
24 November 1999
Friday

	I woke up this morning wondering what move I would make 
next. My boss had called some hours ago, sending his, 
"regards," and, "good luck," on my search for another 
job. He also mentioned that my last paycheck had been 
canceled to pay for the damages caused by Mihoshi. Normally, 
I would be pissed at this extra tidbit of information, but 
now it felt liked some small relief in turn for what had 
happened the day before.
	Now, my mind scanned Thursday. No recollections were 
easily made, except for the large guilt pain in my side. The 
only simple deduction I could make was that I had now 
completely isolated myself. Sure, I could always go to the 
Masaki home, but what would I say? How would they react to 
the end of the flawed partnership of MioKiyo? It's easy. 
They would all turn on me, (except maybe Tenchi). I would 
get tears from Sasami, grief from Nobuyuki, and regret from 
the rest. Soon, I would not only be isolated, but also 
completely hated by all my friends. So, I was now stuck on 
my own.
	I decided to get up from my bed, knowing that I would 
only depress myself more by lying and thinking. The only 
cure was an activity, or a task to complete. I quickly put 
on some clothes and decided to walk outside for a while. 
Maybe some strolling would ease me and rise my spirits a 
little.

	I hiked down some nameless avenue in search of anything 
to take my mind off the night before. It was pointless. 
Every corner I turned, every person I passed, and every step 
I took, brought pictures of Mihoshi to my head. Soon, I had 
a complete re-enactment of yesterday playing in my head. 
There stood Mihoshi, completely blank, telling me she 
understood and that she would no longer be a burden on me 
with her meandering mishaps. It was so unlike her! What in 
the world had turned a sweet girl full of innocence into an 
emotionless one? As I stared down at the ground, I found the 
culprit in puddle's reflection. 
	I had! I had taken my toll on the girl! In the whole 
time I had known Mihoshi, not once had I listened without 
shouting first. I had only made amends with her to stop her 
obnoxious bawling, instead of deeply feeling sorry. All this 
time, I had been a cruel, black hearted bully.
	Or had I? Had Mihoshi been so unbearable that the 
shouting and the screaming was necessary? Was she the one 
who had been so completely full of herself that I didn't 
matter? Whose fault was it? My head began to hurt as it 
searched for a person to lay the blame, but no answer could 
be found. My insides began to twitch and a strange warm 
feeling went through me. "I'm going crazy," I whispered to 
myself, "I'm going to go straight off the deep end." 
I looked around at the people passing me. They all 
seemed to be staring at me, scowling at my presence. I 
turned and tried to run, but this attempt proved futile as I 
ran into a by-passer and was quickly flung to the ground. I 
hit the curb pretty hard and as I turned to apologize, I 
caught a glimpse of the man. He was a huge, thickset man 
wearing a business suit. He glared and I waited for him to 
bellow at me. "It's your fault Mihoshi is gone!" 
I looked at the man with pure fear. How could he 
possibly know, I thought to myself. I got from the ground 
and figured that I must have heard something wrong. I turned 
again to apologize, but this time I saw a sneer on his face. 
"I am sorry, Sir."
"You're damn right you're sorry, you bitch!" The 
insults hurdled at me like javelins, piercing my skin with 
every accent in his speech. I felt tears stream down my eyes 
and I turned to run away from him. Quickly, I began to run 
the street, in hopes to escape this place. But everywhere I 
turned, I heard the constant yelling of, "Bitch!" It was 
as if the word could follow my every movement.

I turned a corner and stopped for a second. The street 
I now stood on was disserted completely. I felt the eerie 
shade of silence brush down my back and cause a shiver. 
Where was I? I looked at the buildings, but none of them 
appeared to be inhabited by people, but you could never rule 
out rodents.
This part of the town had obviously been forgotten by 
most folk, and undoubtedly, would be torn down soon. The 
street was full of cracks, and trash was askew in every 
direction. I looked for an exit, but I only could spot where 
I came from. Maybe I could find someone among this past 
existence. "Hello?" I asked, praying for someone to reply. 
"Hello, Kiyone," a familiar voice said from behind 
me. Mihoshi! Instantly, I felt a warm joy in my heart. I 
turned to see my friend, happy to know that she hadn't 
totally left me. As soon as I could see her, my smile and 
happiness disappeared.
But, vision lies less then hearing. It was Mihoshi, but 
she was different from the night before. Her clothes were 
torn and here beautiful blonde hair was in disarray. They 
only similarity to the Mihoshi that I had seen last was her 
face. It was still pretty blank, except the eyes were sullen 
and her skin was gray under them. She had been crying. 
"Hello, Mihoshi, " I replied.
"So Kiyone, since you always were the smartest of us 
two, could you answer me a question?" The tone and inquiry 
in Mihoshi's voice was straight to the point, a quality I 
had never heard her use. I still could not understand this 
transformation from a happy and ignorant Mihoshi to a 
depressing and intelligent Mihoshi. It was like she was a 
whole new person. Oh, well. New or not, I still owed her a 
reply. "Sure, Mihoshi. Ask away."
"How come you hate me?" The words stung as they were 
flung at me and a response was going to be hard. It was out 
of the blue for Mihoshi to ask such a question, for I had 
never heard her say anything like it before. "Nonsense, 
Miho." But mouth stopped there, for it could no longer 
move. Mihoshi opened her mouth and quickly, I was to be 
faced with images of the past. "From the day we first met, 
You've hated me. Anything else you say is complete bullshit, 
and you know it. I know I am not the quickest in intellect 
and I know that I have acted rather childish, but I still 
don't fully find a connection with your actions of pure 
loathing. So, in fucking laymen's terms, how about you tell 
me?" 
Her face had gone from blank to a cold look of anger. 
Here eyes stared into mine, searching for the answer. But I 
was afraid. I felt trapped, for no matter what I said, I 
knew that I would get a less then a satisfied response. 
Finally, I decided to speak. "Mihoshi, I have hated you for 
such a long time, because you have gotten away with things 
that not many people have the ability, or privilege to do. 
Everytime you messed up while we were together, I was placed 
with the blame." As I had guessed, Mihoshi wasn't pleased 
with my answer. She was now very pissed off, and quickly, 
some tears appeared in her eyes. 
With only my basic instincts thinking, I quickly ran 
over to try and comfort her. I reached out to her, but she 
swung her arms wildly at me. "NO! Stay away from me!" 
screamed a wild Mihoshi, "All my fucking life you never 
understood me! Not once did you approach me like an equal! I 
was always the little, fucking kid and you got to be the 
adult, the authority, and the person always telling me what 
to do and when to do it! I tired to be your friend, but I 
could never approach you!"
I was shocked, amazed, and frightened all at the same 
time. New thoughts reach my head to build up a basic 
question: why had she never come me? All this time, Mihoshi 
and I had lived together, but not once had we had a truly 
intimate conversation. I had always figured that she wasn't 
capable of such a thing, but what if I was wrong? "Mihoshi, 
I never realized."
"Of course you never realized that I could be just as 
smart, or intellectual as you. You never fucking tried! 
Because all this time, you were bent on having me replaced, 
so you could get your perfect little promotions and awards, 
until got to be Kiyone, the god damn, greatest Galaxy Police 
Officer to ever live!" Then I saw Mihoshi reach inside her 
jacket and out came her standard issue pistol. She quickly 
cocked it and pointed it at her face. "I guess I'm 
expendable now." 
"No, Mihoshi! Don't!" I screamed. Blam! Just as I 
started to run over to her, the trigger was pulled. By the 
time I had reached her, she was on the ground and long gone. 
Why had I done this to her? Why? My legs suddenly began to 
move and they began to speed up. I ran, not knowing what 
direction I was going, but still ran. 
I passed the abandoned buildings and I reached thew 
place I had been in before the forgotten area. I ran down 
the sidewalk, nearly knocking people off, because I couldn't 
stop. I didn't seem to be getting tired at all.
An intersection appeared in front of me. I looked at 
the signal sign, but it hadn't turned green yet. I still 
couldn't stop. I got closer and closer, but the signal 
didn't change and I didn't stop. "Hey, lady! Slow down!" 
Yelled a pedestrian that I nearly knocked down. But instead 
of taking his warning, I continued to run. I reached the 
curb and I was running faster then ever. I heard horns 
honking and then I heard a swerve on my left. A large truck 
spun out and knocked me off my feet.
I flew through the air for what seemed like five 
minutes and then I hit the pavement heard. I felt no pain 
for some reason, but I couldn't move. A couple people ran 
over and started a circle around. "Get an ambulance!" 
yelled an onlooker. 
ENDZ

Comments questions send to theunknowndjendz@yahoo.com
