Kiyo Muyo
By: The Unknown DJ

Conclusion to the Diary of Kiyone Makibi, (part 1):

	Ever have something taken from you? Ever have this 
thing, so special, so bright, within your grasp, when 
suddenly; it has been snatched from you? Then, with hope, 
the perp who took it might have the guts, or the heart to 
return to your hands, where it rightly deserves to be. Then, 
forgiveness can be said, the past can be forgotten, and 
eventually, both sides can reach a mutual agreement. 
	Well, that's the storybook ending for all you people 
with a pre-school intellect and a fear of change to your 
perfect world. In the following story, you will see how 
something so dear can be stripped from me and never given 
back. For my enemy, was so strong and that not even a god 
could have destroyed it. 
	All of this could have been avoided if I had never met 
Mihoshi. That woman drove me to my insanity, despite her 
futile attempts to help me in both my professional and 
social life. If could have been assigned a decent partner, I 
would never have been thrown to my knees in front of my 
enemy and forced to surrrender. But alas, my luck failed me 
and I was given a week before my downfall.

Diary of Kiyone Makibi
23 November 1999
Thursday

	Today, I was horrible. When I woke I felt fresh and 
brand new, ready to go to work! I jump out of my bed and 
turned to my dresser, where my clothes awaited me. I took 
one step and fell forward, immediately back on the floor 
where I had started my descent.
	The culprit of my trip: That damned Mihoshi! Oh, she 
jerks my chain! Not only was she still dead asleep, but she 
had also taken no precaution to move her bed out of the way 
the night before, like I had asked so many times! As steamed 
gushed to my head and my face became scarlet with rage, I 
remembered how lucky I was that I hadn't gotten seriously 
hurt. With Mihoshi's carelessness, I had broken bones and 
received huge gashes, so basically, this was a small 
mistake, and something I should not overlook.
	So, once again, I got up, and this time, I managed to 
not trip over Mihoshi. Went to my closet, where my uniform 
would be, washed and ready to go. I pulled open my drawer 
and reached in, to find. .absolutely nothing! Where was my 
uniform? I ran all over the room, in hopes that I might come 
across it, folded up and clean. That's when I was reminded 
whose duty it was to wash clothes on Wednesday. 
I trudged slowly back to the bedroom and looked in the 
corner, only to see my uniform dirty and crumpled up in the 
hamper. It stank from the last couple day's work I had put 
into it, but not even that mattered. Yet again Mihoshi had 
forgotten her priorities and chores, thus leaving me to 
suffer! Damn it! Well, since she had already done enough to 
push me beyond my bounds of sanity for half a day, I decided 
to par take in the usual Mihoshi waking ceremony: I raised 
my leg to half its full extent and then kicked Mihoshi 
square in the side. I felt a small bit of sadistic pleasure 
brush inside me, as I prepared to scream at the top of my 
lungs. "GET THE HELL UP!" I bellowed.
"Wha?" asked Mihoshi, still mostly asleep. In fact, 
the kick had barely even budged her, but my foot stinged 
from the force put into it. Mihoshi slowly raised her head 
up from her pillow and looked at me with her eyes half 
opened. "What time is it?"
"DAMMIT, MIHOSHI! IT'S TIME FOR WORK!"
"Okay. Gee Kiyone, why are you so mad?" asked 
Mihoshi, with childlike innocence. 
"You forgot to wash our uniforms!"
"Oh, gee. Guess I messed up, huh?" Yeesh! The 
complete lack of responsibility sickened me, forcing my face 
to swell. How could someone be so hollow? I swear, if 
Mihoshi were any hollower, she'd float like a freakin 
balloon! I thought I'd explode! But just before I could yell 
at the damn brainless bimbo, I saw that the clock showed 
only a half an hour till work started. "Dammit! We're gonna 
be late again!"

The rest of work was pretty uneventful at our new job 
at Seiko's American Burgers. Mihoshi and I got a pay 
deduction for being late, another deduction for having 
rancid uniforms on, and Mihoshi broke five plates, so the 
pay deductions were forgotten, and we were shown the door, 
our future at the Burger shop ended. But, if you count all 
the other times Mihoshi's inane, child-sized IQ and lazy 
behavior has gotten us fired, I could count this day as any 
other almost.
When we got to our apartment, Mihoshi was balling over 
the loss of the job. She always tended to do this, as if it 
were a way of showing me just how sorry she was. As Mihoshi 
sobbed out apologies and regrets, I shook her off with 
simple responses like, "It's okay," "We can get another 
Job," and my favorite, "It wasn't all your fault." I know 
it sounds like I lost my edge, but with this happening so 
frequently, it has become a routine that I have found best 
to drown out, forget, and use as my ticket to another night 
of classified searching. I just didn't care anymore.
"Oh, Kiyone? What are we going to do?" asked Mihoshi, 
now completely red-eyed from all the crying she had just 
finished. I turned to her and gave her a good stare in the 
eyes. It wasn't a pissed off look, or a sympathetic look; it 
was blank. Blank like my past, blank like my future and 
blank like my life. I couldn't recall anytime in my life 
that I felt more worthless. I turned to face Mihoshi, and 
with very little esteem for myself, I said, "Mihoshi, just 
please leave me alone. You've done enough to me already and 
I just wish for once that you could be more remorseless. 
Everytime you screw up, you beg me for forgiveness, I say 
its okay, and then we start the cycle over a couple days 
into the next job. So this time, don't cry. Just forget 
it." 
As I uttered these words, the girl I had once thought 
to be completely dense began to comprehend. Her face cleared 
and, now she, too, was blank. I must have shattered her 
world of peace and neutrality, for then she spoke with a 
great maturity, "Kiyone, I have failed you again." 
I gave her a small grave nod. Mihoshi, for the first 
time I had known, was neither smiling, nor crying. Her face 
was pale, and her eyes had become glassy. She stared into 
mine, and then quickly turned away. "Then, it is true. I am 
a failure." Opened my mouth to coax her, to make her feel 
better. I had been successful at calming her down every time 
the storms had flooded her eyes over some embarrassing or 
childish excitement. Now, was different. I finally said what 
I had been thinking from the first time that I met her. 
"Yes, you are a failure. I don't think you can necessarily 
blame yourself, but whenever you're around, you tend to 
cause accidents. I don't know why, but you have, "failed", 
to overcome them. This includes certain outbursts."
I covered my mouth in surprise. Had I said what I 
thought I did? I look at Mihoshi's face, but it served no 
purpose. It had remained the same, pale and ghostlike, as if 
I had stopped time. Then, her face sunk and stared at the 
floor. "Kiyone," she said more to the floor then myself, 
"I am sorry." Mihoshi turned around with her face to the 
floor and reached out to grabbed the handle. Slowly the knob 
twisted and soon the door opened. "Kiyone, I must go. I 
wish you luck for the future." Then, she turned around and 
simply walked out of the door. 
As I saw her fade into the dark background, I was 
silenced in my emotions. For a long time before this, I had 
always figured that Mihoshi's escape from my personal life 
would have been more eventful. By how she had acted up to 
now, I had figured she would have struggled to stay with me, 
to finish the undeserved curse that had been bestowed upon 
me. But No. Mihoshi's exit was like an obituary: an unknown 
loss that had been great to an unknown third party. I could 
have sworn that I heard a shout, or a cry, after I was sure 
she was gone, but nothing came of it.
As for me, I felt remorseless. Maybe it was Mihoshi's 
sudden attitude change, or it could have been how the past 
had turned out, but either way, I was trapped, heartless. It 
was as if Mihoshi had suddenly meant nothing to me.

About an hour later, I felt my heart ache, as if 
stabbed by a rusty blade. Only now, did I realize the ill 
deed that I had done. My best friend had walked out on me 
and I had basically held the door for her. I had sat back 
and in laymen's terms, told her to fuck off and never come 
back. If had been more sympathetic, or chased after her when 
she had walked out of the apartment, we could have forgotten 
the whole thing. But was that what I wanted. 
Suddenly, another side to the conflict brushed my mind 
and cleansed it with an old burning hatred that raged on up 
until now. My cruel demeanor began to cover my thoughts like 
a sealed off manhole, trapping thoughts of possibilities 
that now existed. A voice slowly began to talk in my head. 
"Yes! The clumsy bitch is gone! Now we can live our life 
without that hassle!" It took a placebo effect on my mind, 
make me feel an unsteady, bitterness happiness that would be 
sure to go away soon. 
I moved myself onto my bed, at this point, and fell on 
my back, so I could gaze up at the ceiling. Was I really 
free? Had I finally ridded myself of a person to fragile, 
lazy, and nearsighted to ever be a positive person in my 
life? "Yes," returned the small voice, "You have! The 
weight of world has shifted to your hand. Now, you control 
it and it will be there for the taking if you don't act on 
your good fortune!" 
Then, I spoke aloud, despite being roommate and 
friendless. I spoke the question that would linger in my 
mind up through the night. "What can I grab when I am all 
alone?"

ENDZ

Theunknowndjendz@yahoo.com. Questions welcome. Enjoy the next 
chapter.
