An Unlikely Relationship
                A Tenchi Muyo Fan Fic starring Tenchi and Kiyone

All characters are a copyright of AIC\Pioneer.  I'm just borrowing them
so please don't sue me!  Tenchi Muyo is also under copyright by 
AIC\Pioneer.  But, then again what isn't in this time?  Oh yeah, this
story is copyrighted by me!

Part One: Trouble Begins with a Kiyone

        Kiyone stared blankly at the Galaxy Police tribunal which had
assembled.  She stole a glance at the Grand Marshall, who was aiming
pitiful stares at her.  Still in her Galaxy Police uniform, Kiyone 
sweated bullets.  Her hands ached from the cuffs attached to them.
        "We, the Galaxy Police Tribunal, find Detective First Class 
Kiyone guilty for embezzeling Galaxy Police funds for her own personal
profit.  In any other occasion, we would instantly sentence this woman
to 10 years in prison but, looking over Kiyone's outstanding record, we 
hereby courtmartial you, Detective Kiyone.  You are no longer part of
the Galaxy Police and if you are ever found doing this again, we will
have no choice than to sentence you to 10 years."  The words were hard,
especially for Kiyone.  The Galaxy Police had been her life.  Now, she
didn't know what to do.  Kiyone tried to remember how she had gotten 
into this predicament.

                                *****

        "Mihoshi!" Kiyone screamed to her partner.  "Mihoshi, we have
to get to work."
        Mihoshi appeared, apparently brushing her teeth.  The white 
foam of the toothpaste was errupting from her mouth.  "Just a minute,"
she tried to say but the toothpaste made it sound like a baby's gurgle.
Kiyone looked back from where she was sitting, the bridge of the 
Yagami.  
        "Look Mihoshi," she said. "We really have to get to work.  Now
I need you to help me coordinate the Yagami."  Suddenly, the Yagami
shook.  Klaxons and alerts sounded.  In her brief moment of 
interruption, Kiyone had not noticed the small asteroid that was headed
directly toward the ship.  The ship shuddered once again as the 
asteroid embedded in its hull slipped free.  
        "Great," Kiyone said, depressed. "Now we have to get the money
to fix the ship."  She started for her room.  Mihoshi, who had rinsed
away all the toothpaste apologized. "Sorry Kiyone, but I was brushing
my teeth."  Mihoshi's eyes began to well up with tears.
        Kiyone, who didn't like to see her partner cry, comforted her, 
"Oh Mihoshi, don't cry.  It was my fault for being distracted by you."
Mihoshi eyes lit up and her energy was back once again.  "Oh Kiyone! 
Thanks for being so nice.  It's no big deal.  We'll just get the 
money from headquarters for new parts."
        Kiyone nodded at her partner.  She set course for Earth.  Their
patrol of the Sol system was complete and they had to get back so they
could find a new job.  The Yagami automatically called up a damage 
report.  It seemed as though the Yagami had received a direct hit at
its starboard thruster.  Kiyone looked at her partner, "Mihoshi, make
up a release of funds form so that we can get this ship fixed." 
Mihoshi jumped from the seat she was sitting on and rushed to her room.
I hope she doesn't mess that up as well, thought Kiyone.  You see,
while Mihoshi was beautiful and good hearted, she was a klutz most of
the time and sometimes she was a bit simple minded.  Yet, Kiyone had
to admire her partner.  She had the talent to brighten up her life as
well as those who lived at the Masaki residence.  Mihoshi came back to
the bridge a few hours later, holding in her hand the request form.
Kiyone looked it over carefully.  Satisfied that it was accurate, she
sent the form, via communications, to Galaxy Police HQ.  
        

        Kiyo Rataki received the request form from the Hagami.  Rataki
was just about to leave for home and he put the request on his desk. 
Hurrying to leave, Rataki did not notice the form falling into the
crevice between his desk and the man next to him.  The form would lay
hidden between the two desks.  Since, Rataki had not submitted the 
form to the Funds commission, all funds transfered to Kiyone and 
Mihoshi now would be done without authorization.  Here, the problem
began.  Trouble began knocking at Kiyone's door.


        Kiyone and the damaged Yagami headed for the nearest Galaxy
Police outpost.  Mihoshi had stayed behind with the Masakis.  She
decided that it would be better if she was the one who got the 
Yagami fixed.  Also, it would be nice to be alone for a while, thought
Kiyone.  She relaxed in her chair.  The GP station was coming into 
view.  Yagami immediately began docking procedures.  
        Kiyone stepped out of the Yagami and into the docking bay.
She greeted two of the clerks at the station.  The two clerks, two
young men, gave her a side way glance and whispered to each other.
Kiyone let it pass.  Anyway, she thought, it was nice to be noticed
once in a while.  She walked immediately to the funds commission.  She
knew the clerk there.
        "Well Kiyone, I don't see your name on any of these request 
lists," said the clerk.
        "I'm sure that it must have not come through yet.  I'll come 
back later," relpied Kiyone.
        "Oh, it's okay, I trust you Kiyone."  The clerk handed her
the money she had asked for.  Kiyone took it and walked back to the 
Yagami.  The two men were not at the docking bay anymore.  Kiyone
hardly noticed though.  She boarded the Yagami and began the launch
sequence.  In a couple of minutes, the still damaged Yagami was headed
for the nearest mechanic.  
        The repairing of the Yagami was quick and uneventful.  On her
return, Kiyone let her mind wander.  She thought of the two men who
had looked at her at the outpost.  Then, she thought of Tenchi, the boy
who was the cause for the constant arguments that plagued the Masaki
residence.  Well, he's kind of cute, she thought.  Then she remembered
the two women who were desperately in love with him.  Ryoko and Aeka
would tear her apart if she even blew a kiss to him.  Well, he still
is kind of cute.  The thought vanished as a communication came up.
Two Galaxy Police officers on a quicker space craft had approached and
trained their weapons on the Yagami.
        "Detective First Class Kiyone." One of the officers said.  "We
order you to heave to and prepare to be boarded."  Kiyone quickly
complied.  When the men had found their way to the bridge of the Yagami
they quickly restrained her and snapped on cuffs on her hands.
"Hey! What's this about?" she shouted.  "We are under orders to arrest 
you.  The charge is embezzelment."
        "WHAT?!" Kiyone yelled.  She was taken to the tribunal the next
day.  Her pleas and explanations were ignored.  The tribunal had ruled 
and now...

                                *****

        Kiyone, dejected and depressed, filed onto the next transport 
to Earth.  Earth was her home now.  Besides, she thought, I haven't
told Mihoshi about it.  That girl, she'll probably resign because of
me.  The transport ride was boring at most.  Kiyone thought of what
she would be doing now.  I guess that I will have to stick with one 
job, thought Kiyone.  Earth is a great place, I have my friends there
and they can give me support.  She was relieved that she had friends
to fall back on.  Besides, she thought. Now I have more time for 
fishing.  But, even thinking about Earth and its many advantages
didn't soften the pain that she was feeling right now.  It wasn't
her fault anyway.  It was a mistake.  The ship orbited around earth and
Kiyone silently got off.

        "Mihoshi.  Mihoshi, are you here?" Kiyone called into their
appartment.
        "Welcome back Kiyone!  I was getting worried about you.  Why
didn't you call.  Where's Yagami?  Let's see the job those mechanics
did."  Kiyone calmed her energetic partner.  She broke the bad news.
"Mihoshi, I didn't come back with Yagami."
        "Oh my god!  That means that... That... That you got a new
ship!"
        "No Mihoshi, I didn't get a new ship.  I was courtmartialled."
        "WHAT?!" Mihoshi was astonished.  Kiyone told her about the
tribunal and the court martial.  Mihoshi began to cry.  Suddenly,
a thought popped into her head.  She jumped up and shouted. "That's
not right!  You didn't do anything.  I'll go straight to headquarters
and restore your good name!"  Mihoshi left without even packing her 
bags.  Kiyone took some money from her savings in her dresser.  She
had to tell all her friends the bad news.

        Tenchi was alone.  Finally!  Aeka, Sasami, Washu, and Ryoko 
had left for Jurai.  Aeka had gone to reason with her father and try to
get him to prolong her vacation on Earth.  Sasami, being a good sister,
went with her. Ryoko, on the other hand, had gone to try and make the
Emperor cut Aeka's present vacation short.  She had desperately wanted
to bring Tenchi along but he had school which he could not miss.  He
made her mind for her.  Washu went to try and reason with Ryoko.  I'll
miss Ryoko's antics, Aeka's cheerfulness, Washu's intelligence, and
Sasami's cooking, he thought to himself.  His father was going to be
working late once again.  His grandfather was at the shrine, as he
always was.  Tenchi was by himself.  He was expecting to cook a small
dinner for himself and be alone for a while.  He didn't expect any
company and he certainly didn't expect to see a sobbing Kiyone.  Her
face had appeared at his door step and he immediately let her in.  She
broke the awful news to him.
        "Well at least I have more time to go fishing." Kiyone said.
Then she began sobbing once again.  Tenchi, who did not believe that
Kiyone ever cried was shocked at first.  She has feelings too, he told
himself.  That job was her life and it was taken away, just like that.
Tenchi had always considered Kiyone a serious and strong person.  To
see her like this was somewhat unsettling.  Tenchi, who didn't have
a clue of what to do, tried the only thing he believed would comfort 
her.  He hugged her, tightly.  Kiyone, who was still racked in sobs
hugged back.
        "The rest of the girls are gone." he said quietly.  "If you 
want to stay here it would be all right."  He looked down at her face.
Kiyone managed a thank you through her sobs.  Tenchi helped her up,
holding her gently.  He brought her to the princesses' room and lay
her down on the futon.  Quietly, he walked out and shut the door.
Tenchi went straight to his bedroom.  There would be no class tomorrow.
The teachers were on strike at his school.  He thought about the woman
in the room next to his.  Tenchi had never considered Kiyone as one of 
his many girlfriends.  From the beginning she hadn't seemed interested 
in him.  Tenchi considered Kiyone a friend.  Yet, something was tugging
at him.  He wasn't sure what it was but he knew he would find out.  
The lights went out and Tenchi slept.           

        Tenchi awakened to the sounds of birds chirping.  He quietly
got out of bed.  Tenchi was expecting Ryoko to come teleporting into
his room and try to get into bed with him.  She didn't come today
though.  She was gone, for now.  Tenchi remembered the incident last
night.  He crept into Kiyone's room and looked inside.  Kiyone was 
still sleeping.  Her greenish hair was a mess.  He stood there for some
while, watching her sleep.  Tenchi broke from his trance and hurried
downstairs to make breakfast.  A note on the table indicated that his
Dad had already left for work.  What is wrong with you? Tenchi told
himself.  You've never felt any real feelings for Kiyone.  Besides
Ryoko would probably kill her if she found out.  Tenchi banished the
thought of Kiyone lying in a pool of her own blood.  Tenchi quickly
fixed up some breakfast for himself and Kiyone.  He ate his quickly
and put Kiyone's on a tray.  He climbed the flight of stairs to her
room.  Silently opening the door, Tenchi brought in the food.
He put the tray down and went to the futon.  "Kiyone, breakfast,"
he said quietly.  He gently touched her shoulder.  
        Kiyone's eyes opened ever so slightly.  The tears that had 
been there before were gone.  The first thing she saw was Tenchi's
face looking quite concerned.  She remembered last night.  She had
been devastated.  "Thanks a lot Tenchi.  I really appreciate it."
Kiyone's eyes glanced over to the clock.  "Shouldn't you be going
to school about know?"
        "No.  The teachers are on strike," Tenchi replied.  He held
his had out for her.  She took it and he helped her up.  Tenchi led her
to the breakfast tray.  "Would you like me to leave?  I've already
eaten," he said quietly.  He started for the door when Kiyone stopped
him.
        "No, wait.  If you don't mind I'd like to talk.  Anyway,
Mihoshi's gone and I've got no company."  She smiled and motioned to
a place next to her.  Tenchi sat down.  
        "You know..." she began, "I've always considered you a friend.  
Yet now I don't wish you to only be a friend.  I guess what I'm 
trying to say is can we pursue a more personal relationsh..." Her voice
was cut of when Tenchi took her hand.  She looked up at his eyes.
Maybe it was because of her sadness or depression or maybe because it
was that she felt all alone but what she saw in those eyes, his eyes,
was the answer.  The answer she was hoping for, yes.  And with that
the unlikely relationship between Kiyone and Tenchi began.  It would
be unlikely and dangerous if the two weren't careful.

        Tenchi held Kiyone's hand as they walked outside into the
autumn air.  The sun was still out and shining as brightly as ever.
A slight breeze came up and swept some autumn leaves into the air.
Tenchi and Kiyone looked up at the sky together.  Tenchi had his
arms around Kiyone in a half embrace.  They had only professed their
love for each other a few hours ago.  Tenchi gave Kiyone a swift kiss.
Kiyone rested her head on Tenchi's shoulder.
        "Maybe we should be getting back.  It's almost dinner time."
Tenchi told Kiyone.  Kiyone, still watching the know setting sun 
replied, "Will you watch the sunset with me?"
        "You know I will." He said to her.  Tenchi hugged Kiyone a 
little tighter.  The songs of the evening birds were dying down.
The sun began to creep down into the horizon.  It was not an 
extraordinary sunset.  It was not more beautiful that yesterday's 
sunset and it would probably not any less beautiful that tomorrow's
sunset.  Yet, for Tenchi and Kiyone it was the most spectacular and
enchanting sunset ever.  It was special because they watched it 
together.  After the sun was down Tenchi and Kiyone began walking back
to the house, hand in hand.  The cold wind began to blow.  Tenchi, 
noticing this, put his jacket around Kiyone and hugged her a little
tighter.  How much she has changed, he thought.  She never seemed to
need anyone's help or protection.  Kiyone held tighter onto Tenchi.
He, in turn, went to kiss her.  She received his kiss with joy.
Tenchi wished that this day would never end.  He knew that for Kiyone,
the feeling was mutual.
        When both Kiyone and Tenchi had finsihed dinner and cleaning it
up, Tenchi came to her.  
        "Kiyone," he began, "I love you very much.
        "I love you too, Tenchi."
        "There's just one problem," Tenchi said.  Kiyone nodded in
acknowledgement.  How was Tenchi going to break this to Ryoko, Aeka,
and Mihoshi.    
        "I don't want to hurt any of their feelings," Tenchi said,
quietly.  "The funny thing is that I didn't even think you liked me
until today."
        "You know Tenchi, I think that you should tell them the truth.
I don't want to hurt their feelings any more than you do but if you
don't tell them then we can't ever be together."
        "That would hurt a lot.  But I still don't want to hurt their
feelings."
        "What if I told them that I would share you." Kiyone smiled and
held onto Tenchi's arm.  Her joke brightened the mood he was in.  
Tenchi laughed a little.
        "I'll just have to tell them I guess."  He looked over to 
Kiyone once again.  This time he lifted her chin and kissed her on the
lips.  Just then, Tenchi's father came in.
        "I'm home Tenchi!"  As he walked into the kitchen he saw 
Tenchi and Kiyone kissing each other.
        "Oh, my son!  Does this mean you've CHOSEN??!!"  Tenchi's dad
jumped into the air.  Tenchi broke his kiss with Kiyone and looked at
his father.  "Dad," he groaned.  Kiyone came up and greeted Mr. Masaki.
"Hello Mr. Masaki."
        "No, no Ms. Kiyone.  You can start calling me dad NOW!  I'm
so happy!"  Mr. Masaki was about to do somersaults when he saw Tenchi's
surprised and embarrased face.  "What's the matter son?  Haven't you
asked her to marry you yet?"
        "Uh... Well, ... It's that..." Tenchi just couldn't find the
words.  Finally he began to speak clearly.  "Kiyone and I, well we 
haven't considered marraige yet.  We want to enjoy ourselves a little."
        His dad thought for a minute.  "Oh, so you've decided to elope!
That's great!"  Tenchi nearly fainted.  He beckoned Kiyone to his side
and quietly went up the stairs.  Tenchi's father, not facing them,
continued to shower his son with praises and suggestions of nice places
to go.  His rantings would continue through the night.


Preview of Part 2: Homecoming

        Ryoko looked into the eyes of Tenchi, searching for the 
something, anything that might cause his rash behavior.  Aeka was 
following suit.  Both of the girls had already powered up their force
shields and weapons.  Tenchi was acting as a barrier between them and
Kiyone.  Kiyone had her firearm ready.  For a brief second nothing 
happened.  Then, someone fired.

***********************************************************************
Well that's the end of the first part of this story.  Don't worry, I'll
write the second part as soon as I can.  Personally, I like Kiyone 
better than the other women characters.  She definitely deserves Tenchi
more than they do.  So please, all you Ryoko, Aeka, and Mihoshi lovers,
don't take this seriously and don't hate me.  Oh, I realize that I'm
violating the rule about Tenchi and Kiyone being together.  Who made
that up anyway?  Well, I join the ranks of my fellow Kiyo fic writers.
As I said, a second part's coming soon.  Any C&C is greatly 
appreciated.


Jeff Leonard
Jeffgoat11@aol.com