Disclaimer: Tenchi is owned by AIC and Pioneer. I get no profit from this
fanfic,just entertainment. I am merely writing this because I am bored and a
fan of the Tenchi series. So don't sue me. That's what this disclaimer is
for. Now,on with the fanfic!

                    Kiyones good day (gone bad)

       It was 5 a.m. Kiyone Makibi was sound asleep. Suddenly,she was
instantly transported into Washu's lab. Kiyone appeared in the air and
landed with a "thud"!

       Sorry Kiyone,said Washu. I just created a little tool that I would
like to call: "The 2029 transmission laser gun"!

       Kiyone,who was wearing just a shirt and panties,was furious. Dammit
Washu!! shouted Kiyone. I was sound asleep,not decent,it's five in the
morning,and you start ruining my day off with your "STUPID" inventions!

       Washu just smirked at Kiyone. Keep that up,and I won't give this to
you for your cooperation. She then points at the copy of her invention.


                     (flashy music plays)


       Is that the invention? asked Kiyone in surprise.

       Yep, said Washu. Allow me to explain the fine details to my superb
invention. It's simple. You just type in who or what you want into the
gun,point it to where you want it to appear,and shoot.

       Hmmm, thought Kiyone as she walked over to the gun and picked it up,
this might be useful.

       I AM SUCH A GENIUS! boasted Washu proudly.(Her two puppets appear to
cheer).

       You are Washu you're the greatest!said one.

       You are Washu you're the best!said the other.

       Washu,Washu,Washu,Washu!said both.Washu turned to Kiyone,but saw she
was gone.


                           (Later)


      It's 7a.m. Kiyone and Mihoshi are eating breakfast in their apartment.
Wow Kiyone! said Mihoshi while eating,this is a great meal!But I thought we
were out of food. Hey,what's that? asked Mihoshi,who was pointing to the
gun.

      Oh,this? said Kiyone with an evil grin. Hold on.(she types in "GP
Headquarters"on the gun).There! This is telling you that "your" day off is
over!

      Mihoshi looked puzzled. What do you mean? she asked. Kiyone quickly
threw a GP uniform at Mihoshi,set the gun for send,and zapped Mihoshi to GP
headquarters.

       Good! thought Kiyone as she was starting to clean up. With Mihoshi
back at Galaxy police Headquarters,she won't be able to screw up my day!


                            (Later)


       It's 8:30a.m. Kiyone was in the parking lot. Hmm,she thought. I could
really use some fancy transportation,since that airhead Mihoshi crashed the
Yugami again! So Kiyone took the laser out of her jacket,typed in
"ferrari",set it to receive,pointed,and zapped. In 3 seconds,a blue Ferrari
appeared. All right! she said as she stepped into the car. What
the...(Kiyone saw that the car had no keys). Dammit! Oh well,I'll just have
to hotwire it. In ten minutes,Kiyone had the car hotwired.(I better go see
Washu about this).


                              (Later)

        It's 10 a.m. Nobuyuki was driving home. I can't believe that I
forgot to take my briefcase to work with me. He said. It's too bad that I
have to walk all those steps just to get a briefcase. I should really
install a lift. Just as he was about to park,a fancy blue ferrari took his
parking space. Nobuyuki parked his car next to it and got out. Hey! he
shouted,what's the big i...what?! (his mouth dropped and his eyes widened as
Kiyone got out of the car). K..K.Kiyone?! he said surprised.Where did you
get such a fancy car?

         I borrowed it. said Kiyone.

         Oh. said Nobuyuki as he examined the car. Then he saw the steering
wheel area. This car looks like it's been..

         (Kiyone quickly jerked Nobuyuki from the car).

         That's the reason I'm here! she exclaimed while lifting him up in
the air by his collar. I need to speak to Washu and that's all you need to
know!

          Um...uh..ah.. stammered Nobuyuki,don't worry,I did'nt see a
thing.Kiyone put him down and ran up the stairs. (Poor girl),thought
Nobuyuki,then smiled. If she needed anything,she could've come to me.(an
even bigger smile appears on his face). Heh-Heh!

       It's 11 a.m. Kiyone is in Washu's lab.

        So Kiyone,began Washu,what you're basically upset about is the fact
that the items are taken from somewhere else right?

        You're damn right I'm upset! shouted Kiyone. I am a first class
detective of the Galaxy police force! What would it look like if I was
caught?!

        Washu thought for a second, then responded. Well, technically, you
could face a number of things. First,you might get fired. Second, you might
get arrested. Third,you...

        (while Washu was speaking,a vein was on Kiyones forehead and she was
gritting her teeth)

         ..might get demoted to Mihoshi's assistant. Fourth, you could..agh!

         (Kiyone grabbed Washu by the collar and was holding her in the air.
Listen Washu! exclaimed Kiyone. If you don't get me out of this mess,God
help me,I'll make your life a living hell!

          And just how are you going to do that? grinned Washu.

          (then Kiyone gave an evil grin) One word,she said,MIHOSHI!

          (A nervous look appears on Washu's face) Well,in that case, let's
get going. said Washu. But first I have to find the exact coordinates of the
cars original location.(holotop appears). This might take a couple of
hours,so just watch some T.V, and I'll let you know when I find it.(Kiyone
puts Washu down and left).

                              (Later)

           It's 12:30p.m. Ryoko is at the shrine,sitting on the roof.I'm
bored,she thought. I think I'll go visit Tenchi at the field. With that,she
phased off the shrine and at the bottom of the stairs. She looked around to
see if anybody saw her. Then she saw the blue ferrari. Wow! she thought. I
never seen this here before.(phases into the car). It's even been hotwired.
But I wonder who stole it?(shrugs shoulders)Oh well. I'll just say Aeka
stole it. It is a fancy car after all.(Then Ryoko gets an idea). I got it!
I'll take this car to Tenchi,take him for a spin,and then take him someplace
quiet. Heh-heh-heh. Then Ryoko drove to the field.

                              (Later)

           It's 1p.m. Ryoko reaches the field. She honks the horn. Tenchi
looks and is very surprised. Ryoko just smiles and waves. Then she phases
out of the car and behind Tenchi.

           Hi Tenchi,said Ryoko.

           Tenchi sighed. Ryoko,he began, what are you doing here? And how
did you get that car?

           Ryoko smiled. I came to see you Tenchi,and don't worry about the
car. I did'nt steal it,Aeka probably did.

           Tenchi's eyes narrowed. You don't expect me to believe that,do
you?

           Ryoko just giggled. Oh come on Tenchi. said Ryoko as she grabbed
Tenchi and put him in the car.

           Tenchi was trying to wiggle free from Ryoko's grasp.
Ryoko!exclaimed Tenchi. Are you crazy?! Stop it! I don't wanna go to jail!

           Don't worry. said Ryoko. We won't get caught. Now,let's go!Ryoko
buckled Tenchi's seat belt and then hers. Tenchi just gave a nervous groan
as they drove off.

           Meanwhile,Kiyone and Washu just walked down the stairs and to
their surprise,discovered the car was gone.

           Aagghh!! screamed Kiyone. What the hell happened to the car! It's
stolen!

          (Washu looks at Kiyone) Tecnically,began Washu,it was already
stolen by you,so it was actua..(Washu turned again to Kiyone,who was
growling and had a vein on her forehead)uh..I mean,we need to find it.(a
sweatdrop appears on Washus forehead).

           Washu! said Kiyone. I got an idea! But we need the Yugami
repaired.

          (a swaetdrop appears on Washus forehead again)Well,you see,there's
good news and bad news to that.

           And what's that? asked Kiyone. Well,the good news is that a
couple of days ago,I repaired the Yugami. The bad news is(then Washu ran and
hid behind Nobuyukis car)this morning Mihoshi called from the galaxy police
headquarters saying she needed the Yugami for patrolling,and I had it sent
to her. Now please don't get mad,after all,it's Mihoshis ship too.

           Kiyone just knelt on the ground,looking depressed. Even when
she's gone,Kiyone moaned,she still finds a way to ruin my life.

           Suddenly,Aeka and Ryo-ohki came around the corner. What's going
on here? Aeka asked. I've been looking around for everyone to tell them that
lunch is almost ready and I find you two here. Now where is everybody else?

           Washu thought for a moment. Hmm,she began,Kiyone,Ryo-ohki,you,and
myself are here,Sasami is in the kitchen,Nobuyuki went back to
work,Katsuhito is at the shrine,Mihoshi is at GP headquarters,Azaka and
Kamidake are right over there,and Ryoko...(Washu thought for a second)Hey!
Where is Ryoko?

           Aeka thought for a second,then responded. I bet she went after
Tenchi again! Aeka said in an angry voice. And I know just where to find
her! Aeka then looks at Ryo-ohki and says in her sweetest voice.Oh
Ryo-ohki,would you mind helping us find Ryoko?(Ryo-ohki was silent)If you
help us,we'll give you lot's of carrots.(Ryo-ohkis eyes light up)

           Miyaa!! she agrees.

           Good! said Aeka. It's settled! She picks up Ryo-ohki,throws her
in the air,and she turned into a spaceship. Okay!Aeka said. Everybody
in!(They enter)Azaka! Kamidake! You too!

           Yes lady Aeka! they said.(they enter)

           Alright! said Kiyone. Let's find that car!(Ryo-ohki takes off)

                               (Later)

           It's 2p.m. Kiyone is still looking for the car. I know we're on
the right track. said Kiyone. There's a mess in every place Ryokos been.

           Well,said Aeka,that woman really was'nt good at anything.
Especially at driving. She "IS" a space pirate after all.

                            (Meanwhile)

           Ryoko is still driving the car. I can't believe it! she said. A
couple times of losing my temper at some people,and the next thing you
know,everybody hates us!

           Tenchi frowned. Well,you "DID" curse at the waiters. said Tenchi.

           Yeah,said Ryoko,but there was no need for them to get bent out of
shape.

           And,Tenchi began,at the arcade you broke the machines..
they were eating my money..

And you bought some cigarettes for those kids..

How was I supposed to know this planet prohibits underage smoking..

You were also caught hustling people in broad daylight..

The police officer could have let me off with a warning..
But did you have to flip him off and then shoot the tires off his car?
All in good humor.Besides,they let me go right?(a sweatdrop appeared on
Tenchi's forehead).

           Only because you pretended you were a schizo,then you said I was
your caretaker. Now I have to pay for the tires and axles. Dad and grandpa
are going to kill me!

          (Ryoko grinned)They won't find out. she said as she pulled out a
receipt from her shirt.

           Tenchi looked surprised.How? he asked. You don't have any money.

           Well,she answered,remember the restroom break we took?

           Yeah,he said,the one where I hardly got any privacy.

          (Ryoko continued)My double went to the courthouse and paid for it.
As far as the money goes,let's just say I borrowed it from Aeka yesterday.

           Tenchi sighed. Great,now Aeka is probably going to kill us.

           Ryoko just laughed and said,Oh you worry too much Tenchi. So
relax,you'll love where we're going now.

           Tenchi gulped. W-where is that?

           Somewhere quiet. she answered. Someplace where no one will
disturb us. Tenchi looked at Ryoko nervously,then looked out the window
nervously,and saw that they were leaving the city limits.

                              (Later)

           It's 3p.m. The ship Ryo-ohki is hovering over the countryside.
Aughh! yelled Kiyone. Where the hell is that damn car!We've been searching
and searching and I still can't find...(suddenly the car appears on the
radar),huh?! There it is!(They land and Ryo-ohki reverts). Let's go!

           They rush to the car and see the car bouncing up and down. They
all get shocked faces. Then they see Tenchi try to escape from the window
but Ryokos hands grab him back in. Aekas face turns from shock to anger.
THAT'S it! Aeka yells.

           Huh?! said Ryoko as she poked her head through the roof. Then she
grinned a sinister grin at Aeka. Oh,hi princess. she said. You're just in
time. Now I can successfully announce that I made love to Tenchi.

           You did not! exclaimed Tenchi.

           Now now Tenchi. said Ryoko. No need to be modest.

           Whaa!! exclaimed Tenchi. Why are you saying that?!(Tenchi got out
of the car).See?! (shows a fully clothed Tenchi).

           C'mon Tenchi. said Ryoko as she pulled him back in the car.

           At this point Aeka became very angry.Alright you gaishu!yelled
Aeka. It's time to punish you! Azaka! Kamidake! Attack! And with that order
they flung themselves at the car.

           Tenchi ran out and Ryoko phased to the other end of the car.

           Lady Aeka! said Azaka.

           We're stuck! said Kamidake.(they crashed into the car,smashing
the back).

           Aaaahhhh!!!! screamed Kiyone. The car! It's totaled!

           Not yet.said Washu.

          (Ryoko and Aeka stared angrily at each other). You're always
getting in my way! said Ryoko. Take this!

           Ryoko picked up the car,(along with Azaka and Kamidake)and threw
it at Aeka. Aeka blocked it with her force field,causing the engine to
explode.

           Aaahhh!!! screamed Aeka as the impact sent her flying. Gotcha!
said the now unstuck gaurdians as they caught Aeka.

           AAaaggghhh!!! screamed Kiyone.

           NOW it's totaled. said Washu. But don't worry! The cars original
location was from a used car lot in America. With the car turned into
cinders,I'd say you're off the hook Kiyone. Kiyone? Washu looked toward
Kiyone and saw that she fainted.

                             (Later)

           It's 7:30p.m. Kiyone woke up in the living room. Kiyone!said
Sasami. You're awake! And just in time for dinner!

           Good. said Kiyone. After the day I had,I'm starving.

           So the two walked into the kitchen and saw Ryoko, Aeka,
Washu,Ryo-ohki,Tenchi,Mihoshi,Azaka,Kamidake,and Nobuyuki all in bandages.

           What happened here? asked a very surprised Kiyone.

           I've got to serve everyone dinner. So I'll let grandfather
explain. said Sasami.

           Kiyone looked at the end of the table and saw Yosho,calmly
drinking tea. Yes,he said,I will galdly explain it,since no one else is
healthy at the moment. Now,here we go!

                       (flashback begins)

           Now,Yosho began,I was at the shrine meditating when I noticed
things were too quiet. So I went outside,and before I could say anything,I
heard a large sound. It was Ryo-ohki. So I told Nobuyuki to follow her. He
had some problem agreeing,but a whack with a rolled up newspaper was all it
took to change his mind. When we finally caught up to you,we got out of the
car. You apparently fainted,so I took you in the car. Nobuyuki,however,found
an uncounscious Aeka and tried to give her CPR. This angered Aeka who awoke
lip to lip,and she gave him a good electrocuting with those wooden logs of
hers. Then I had to carry an injured,unconscious Nobuyuki to the car. Then
just as Aeka and Ryoko were about to fight,a loud sound came from the sky. I
noticed it and got far away.(fortunately,I parked the car far away too).
Then I used Nobuyuki's binoculars and saw the Yugami hurtling towards them.
It crashed! by all of them,knocking them all unconscious. Inside the Yugami
was Mihoshi,who apparently crahed it.

              (That blonde ditz just cost me another 2 days of work)thought
Kiyone.

              Anyway,Yosho continued,you would'nt believe how hard it was to
stuff eight unconscious bodies into one mini-van. Not to mention buckling
them in,and taking each one of you up all those stairs and into the house
one by one. Fortunately,I had Azaka and Kamidake to help me. Four and a half
hours later,you woke up.

                        (flashback ends)

              And that's what happened.

              All that and all I did was faint. said Kiyone,blushing. Thank
you for helping us.

              It's okay. said Yosho. It was a very exciting day for me.

              Not me. said Kiyone. I had enough of this day. Then she looked
around the table and saw that everybody could barely move and had trouble
eating,except Ryoko,who was telekinetically feeding herself.

             (Good!)thought Kiyone. She looked at Nobuyuki. (Serves him
right for being a pervert). She looks at Ryoko and Aeka.(Serves them right
for destroying the car). She looks at Washu,who was removing the bandages
and feeling better. Whaa!? exclaimed Kiyone. How did you heal so fast?!

              Simple. said Washu as she showed her some pills. They heal.
Works just like sensu beans.

              (All the bandaged people start asking for Washu's pills).

              Sorry! she said. All for me! Hahahahahahaha!!!!

              Then she took her food and went back to her lab.(Everyone
thought the same thought: Damn Washu.) Kiyones anger turned into pity when
she saw Tenchi.

              (Poor Tenchi). she thought. Then she looked at Mihoshi and got
angry again.(If it was'nt for her,nobody would have got injured in the first
place!) (She's giong to be the end of me someday!Oh well,let me just enjoy
my dinner).

                               (Later)

              It's 10p.m. Kiyone was lying in her bed in the living
room(since the other rooms were occupied by injured people)(hmm),thought
Kiyone,(aside from all the whining that they're doing,this evening is going
just fine).

              So Kiyone went to sleep feeling that regardless of her bad
day,it was everyone else that felt the impact of it.

                            THE END

A.N.-That's it. What did you think? E-mail your comments or suggestions at
rubynall@hotmail.com.