
Tenchi Muyo! Kiyone's Leave
By Long T. Tran 
1/19/98

Disclaimer:
  All characters are created by AIC/Pioneer. Please don't sue me I'm poorer than 
dirt. 

Author's Notes:
  What you are about to read are just a bunch of ideas that are floating around 
in my head.  I felt a need to put these down on paper...otherwise I'll go 
insane.  So if you happen to be reading this, please...enjoy. I must warn you 
that the characters may go a little OOC but I will do my best to write these 
characters as true to character as possible.  Furthermore, I decided to include 
a new rank in the Galaxy Police structure, Major.  

The Rank structure would look like this, the top being the highest and the 
bottom being the lowest.

Grand Marshall
GP Commander
Fleet Commander (equal to section chief)
Section Chief
Captain
Commander
Major 
Detective Full class
Detective 1st class
Detective 2nd class

Now that the rank structure is clear let the story begin!  Keep in mind that 
this first part is only the set-up story. Be patient. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Part 1

At the New Galaxy Police Headquarters, Kiyone was on her way to debrief the 
Galaxy Police Commander.  The new GPHQ was teaming with life and activity, the 
hallways were filled with Detectives, detective trainees, errand personnel, and 
officers.  Each happily doing their separate assigned jobs and having their 
little conversations.  Kiyone, on the other hand, was tired and worn out from 
her last mission, she managed to single handedly bring down the downfall of the 
galaxy's most wanted A1 class criminal, Millun.

The mission was supposed to be confidential, somehow word leaked out and as a 
result, she accidentally made a name for herself in the whole Galaxy Police 
Force.  She didn't ask for the new found attention, she just did her job. 
Everywhere she walked, crowds of every low and high ranking officers and 
detectives stop their individual duties and conversations to take a glance at 
the famous Major.  Each fixed their eyes on her with great admiration and 
respect. 
   
It has been one busy year, nothing but back to back, hard laboring cases 
assigned to her.  Cases that usually involved capturing A1 class criminals, 
spying in hostile territories, toppling planetary drug cartels, protecting 
government officials, and other stuff that really gets her hands dirty.  Yep, it 
has been one difficult year for her alright.  She sighed.

"Good evening, Major Kiyone." said 1st class detective, saluting to her with 
great respect in his eyes as he passes by her.

Kiyone returned his salute, graciously, then thought about all the events that 
happened this past year.

<Had it been a year already? Amazed about how time flew by her so quickly. <So 
much has happened since last year.>

She remembered that day exactly one year ago...when she was called to report at 
the Provisional Headquarters, 2 days after coming back from the year of 1970, 
after destroying Kain with the dreaded dimensional cannon.

                                                ***

Kiyone and Mihoshi were back on the Yagami again after taking a whole day off 
from yesterday.  Both were glad that they were able to take the day off, after 
going through that terrible ordeal with Kain, back in time in 1970.  Both spent 
their needed day off at the Misaki residence, soaking in the women's bath and 
taking group pictures with Tenchi, Aeka, Ryoko, Sasami, and Ryo-ohki.  Later on 
that evening after coming home from the Misaki residence, Kiyone couldn't help 
but feel a little concerned about using the Dimensional Cannon without proper 
authorization, fearing that HQ would reprimand her.  Base Commanders were the 
only ones who were fully authorized by HQ and they had to have final 
authorization from the Grand Marshall to use such a powerful weapon.  

Mihoshi was busy eating her usual junk food while Kiyone was trying hard to 
ignore her partner's mess and focused on to the GP communication traffic.  Not 
much was going on out there in the Galaxy, except for a few bank robberies and 
misdemeanors, other than that, main traffic was focused on rebuilding and re-
coordinating the entire GP force.  Kiyone was wondering when GPHQ would be able 
to have another centralized base to coordinate all activities within the galaxy.  
The section bases were a good back-up plan for the destroyed HQ base and so far  
criminal activity had been kept under control quite successfully. 

"When do you think they'll be able get a new Headquarters, Kiyone?" Asked 
Mihoshi. Eating away on a potato chip, crumbs falling all over her uniform.

"I don't really know, Mihoshi.  All I know is that they're already underway on 
building the new Base Headquarters." Said Kiyone.  "It would probably take 8 
months to a year."

The communication beacon was sounding off, it was an incoming call from the 
Provisional Headquarters on the Planet Levo-2.  The call was being made by the 
Galaxy Police commander himself.  Kiyone began to worry, the Commander was 
giving them a call.

"I wonder what HQ wants with us?" Mihoshi, wondered obliviously.  Cleaning 
herself up before the Commander could find her in such a mess.

"I don't know but I hope it isn't what I think it is." Said, Kiyone.  Pushing 
buttons on the control console getting ready to receive the call.  "Aren't you 
ready yet?!" Kiyone said angrily at Mihoshi.

"OK! Ready!" Mihoshi said, cheerfully.

Kiyone grumbled at her partner while she receives the call. " This is Patrol 
ship Yagami, receiving. Over."

The canine-like commander appears on their screen. "This is headquarters calling 
for 1st Class Detective Kiyone," he pauses "Ah! Detective Kiyone, I'm glad to be 
able to finally contact you!"

"You are?" said Kiyone, puzzled.  She looked over at Mihoshi.  Mihoshi shrugged 
back.       

"How can we help you Commander?" asked Kiyone.

"Actually, I called just to speak with you, Detective Kiyone." He said in a calm 
manner.

"T-to me?" said Kiyone.  Doing her best to keep her composure.

The commander looked over to Mihoshi. "Excuse me, Detective Mihoshi."

"Yes, sir!" Mihoshi snapped to attention.

"I need to speak to Detective Kiyone in private, could you excuse us for a 
moment?" asked the Commander.

Kiyone was starting to expect the worst.<Oh no, he's going to demote me! I'm 
going to be a Second Class Detective for the rest of my life!>She thought 
fearfully.

"OK!" Mihoshi said cheerfully. "Call me back when you're ready, ok Kiyone?"

"I will Mihoshi." she replied.

The Commander waited until Mihoshi stepped out.  Then he cleared his throat and 
looked over to Kiyone.

"I had just finished reading your report, Kiyone." Said, the Commander.  
Studying Kiyone intensely. "I noticed, as I read, in the last part of your 
report that you used the Dimensional Cannon." He looked at her.  "Is this 
correct, detective?"

"Y-yes, sir." Replied, Kiyone. Starting to sweat profusely.

"Relax Detective, I'm not here to scold you or reprimand you or anything like 
that." the commander said assurringly.

"You're not? But I used the dimensional cannon without proper authorization 
clearance.  Won't I get in trouble for that?" Kiyone asked nervously.

"Is that why you were so worried?!" He said, smiling. 

"Uh...yes." Said, Kiyone.  Even more puzzled. 

"Don't worry we needed Kain destroyed anyway we could.  Kain was the only 
exception to the rule.  If it hadn't been for you, who knows what ever damage he 
might have caused."

"Then why did you want to speak with me?" she asked with overwhelming curiosity.

"I've called, with the approval of the Grand Marshall, to promote you!" He said 
Joyfully.

"P-promote me!?" Kiyone was shocked and happy at the same time.<Finally! All my 
hard work paid off! Now I'm going to be a Detective Full Class.!> She thought to 
herself.

"I'm also going to transfer you to a different division." Said the commander.

"Division? Don't you mean section, sir?" she asked.  Each division was separated 
into different sections.  To her knowledge there was only 4 Divisions in the 
Galaxy Police Structure.  Administration, Science & Medical, Law Enforcement, 
and Engineering.  

"No, I meant division, detective. I am going to transfer you to the Special 
Operative Division." 

"SPECIAL OPERATIVES!?" Now Kiyone was really shocked. "You're putting me in the 
most elite division of the whole Galaxy Police!?"

"That's right." He said and smiled. " And..."

<My God! He said 'And' there's going to be an 'And'!> she thought excitedly.

"From this point on...You're to be called Major." He said grinning, wanting to 
see her next reaction.

"MAJOR?!" She shouted, then fell off of her chair and quickly got up and sat 
down.  "You're pushing me 2 ranks up!? But why? I mean..."

"Why you?" He asked.

"Yes, why me?" She replied.

"Well as you might know, there's usually about 50 Operatives working for us in 
the whole division.  Well...recently, we lost one of our best operatives during 
the Kain Incident, his name was Trakal."

"Yes, I remember..<Ryoko mentioned about having a confrontation with him and 
that he was torn to pieces by Kain.> Said Kiyone.

"He was also one of my very close friends." The Commander said glumly and 
suddenly looking sad after finally finding out the grisly details of Trakal's 
death.

"I'm sorry," Kiyone apologized. "I didn't realize..."

"It's alright, Major.  He loved his job and he was willing to die for it.  It 
was the way he wanted to go.  Sort of." The Commander regained his composure. 
"We need somebody to fill his slot and the Grand Marshall decided that you were 
the one who was the best to qualify. We needed someone who takes the initiative 
and someone with guts.  These are all the news I wanted to bring you, do you 
have any questions, before I sign off?"

"Uh...yes, only one question." Said Kiyone. 

"Then what's your question?" he asked curiously.

"What about my partner Mihoshi?  What's to become of her after I'm reassigned?" 
Asked, Kiyone.

"Don't worry about her, She'll remain and will keep on patrolling the Sol 
System.  She'll be able to handle it fine without you." The Commander said.

<IS THIS A DREAM?!  IS MY WISH FINALLY COMING TRUE?  AM I FINALLY GOING TO BE 
RELEIVED OF THE BURDEN CALLED MIHOSHI?  HAS THE HEAVENS FINALLY ANSWERED MY 
PRAYERS? IF IT IS, DON'T WAKE ME UP!> Despite this exciting thought, Kiyone 
couldn't help but worry about what would happen to Mihoshi.  After all that time  
they've spent together, she felt like a sister to Mihoshi, always looking out 
for her.  Now, the time had finally come for the both of them to go on their 
separate paths.

"Does this also mean that I'm getting a new partner?" Kiyone, added another 
question. 

"No.  In your new division, we depend on the element of surprise.  With the 
advanced technology that's available, you won't need a partner." Answered the 
commander in a straight forward tone of voice. "Are there anymore questions you 
want to ask?"

"No, any other questions I have left in my mind will be answered automatically 
as events unfold."  Kiyone said.

"Very well then, if that's all, I'll sign off.  I'm giving you 3 days to get 
ready, after that, report to my office on Levo-2 at 0600 hours."

"Yes, sir."  Kiyone snapped to a salute.  

"I'll see you later, Major." He returns the salute and disappears off the view 
screen. 

As soon as the view screen turns itself off, Kiyone slumped back into her chair.
Despite all the good things that has happened to her, she's going have to say 
good bye to all her friends,  this was going to be difficult.  It's going to be 
even more difficult telling Mihoshi.  Mihoshi was never able to take bad news 
lightly, especially those that usually involve her being separated from Kiyone.  
Mihoshi's usual response was always involving a stream of tears cascading down 
her face it would take Kiyone hours to cheer up Mihoshi. She hated being the one 
to break the news to her partner.   
  
Kiyone sighed, she closed her eyes and calmed herself down, after a moment of 
peace she was ready.

"Okay Mihoshi, you can come back in now!" Kiyone called out loudly at the door.  
But the door didn't open, nobody stepped through.

"HEY! Mihoshi! Did you hear?! You can come back in now!" Kiyone shouted even 
louder. <Oh no...could she have heard the whole conversation?> Kiyone looked 
over to the cockpit door and remembered that it isn't sound proof.

Realizing this, Kiyone quickly stood from her chair and ran out of the cockpit, 
she quickly head towards Mihoshi's quarters.  Finally, Kiyone arrives at the 
door to Mihoshi's quarters, she put her ear to the door and listens for any 
sounds coming from Mihoshi's quarters.  She couldn't hear a thing but she knew 
that Mihoshi was in there.

"Mihoshi? Can I come in?" Kiyone asked through the closed door.  But there was 
no response.

"Mihoshi, I know that you're in there and I know that you know about why the 
Commander called." Trying a different strategy. "Mihoshi? Can I come in, 
please?" 

Then the door slid open automatically and there right in front her, stood a calm 
Mihoshi.  Kiyone could tell that Mihoshi was crying for a while, she could see 
the evidence.  Mihoshi's eyes were red from shedding a lot of tears and nose 
looked pink from being wiped by a tissue.

"Y-yes Kiyone?  Did you want to see me?" Mihoshi asked with a hint of 
apprehension.

"Mihoshi, were you crying?" Kiyone asked softly, concerned for her partner.

Mihoshi looked away from Kiyone and went over to her bed and sat down.  Mihoshi 
was trying hard not to look like a cry baby in front of her partner but she 
started to sniffle.

<What's wrong with you?  Don't cry in front of Kiyone!  You know how much she 
hates it when you cry.  You are a Galaxy Police Officer! So start acting like 
one!> Mihoshi thought to herself.  She was really trying her best not to cry.

Kiyone still stood at the doorway, she felt her partner's agony of keeping in 
her emotions.  Kiyone walked in and sat down right next to Mihoshi.  Mihoshi 
couldn't hold it in any longer she started to cry.  Kiyone puts her hand on 
Mihoshi's shoulders.

"I'm sorry, Kiyone.  I really tried.  I really, really tried hard not to cry 
but...but it hurts so much knowing that you're going to leave." Mihoshi said in 
a struggled voice.

"I know you tried Mihoshi.  It really pains me to see that you're sad." Kiyone 
said softly.  Then she noticed a tissue box that was already sitting right next 
to her, she grabbed a tissue and handed it to Mihoshi.  Mihoshi blew her nose on 
it.

Kiyone was silent, she couldn't think of anything to say to her weeping partner.  
Kiyone was beginning to feel sad, herself.  Of all the pains and hardships 
Mihoshi has caused for her, Kiyone should be happy that she's leaving, but she 
couldn't forget all the times when Mihoshi tried to cheer her up when she felt 
down.  Mihoshi was always there when she needed her the most.  Now...things were 
going to change.

"I should be the one who should be crying, Mihoshi." Kiyone said sadly.  Looking 
down at her feet.

Mihoshi suddenly stopped crying.  She looked over at Kiyone and was surprised to 
hear what Kiyone had said.  Kiyone was always strong to her, she rarely saw this 
side of her.  She wiped her face with another tissue.

"Why would you say that, Kiyone?  Why should you be the one that's crying?"  
Mihoshi asked, as she wiped a tear from her eye. "You should be happy, you're 
being promoted and you're going to be a special operative and I'm going to lose 
a partner and a good friend.  I'm the one that should be crying, Kiyone."

"Yes, but don't you see Mihoshi?" Kiyone retorted. "I'm the one that has to say 
good bye not you."

"What do you mean?" Mihoshi asked.  She wasn't crying anymore, instead she just 
listened to what Kiyone has to say.

"I'm the one that's leaving behind all my friends.  I won't have anybody to turn 
to when I need them."

"Yeah, but you'll be gone and I don't know what I'll do without you, Kiyone." 
said Mihoshi. "I don't have anybody to turn to when I need help." 

"Yes, you do." Kiyone jumped in.

"I do?" asked, Mihoshi. 

"Have you already forgotten about Tenchi and the others?"  Kiyone said in a 
sadder tone. "Have you already forgotten about them?"

"No, I haven't." Mihoshi said glumly.

"You still have them." Kiyone said. "You'll always have somebody to turn to.  I 
on the other hand will be alone."

"Ok, Kiyone, I get the point."  Mihoshi said, not wanting to hear her own 
partner sound so down.

"I will have to say good bye to all my friends," said, Kiyone, then she looked 
over to Mihoshi. "and to my partner."

"Kiyone, I'm proud to have been able to serve with you." Mihoshi said proudly, 
no longer sad.

"I'm also proud to have met a person with the Heart of Gold.  But I'm still 
worried about how you're going to do without me." Said Kiyone, her face 
beginning to smile.   

"Don't you worry about me, Kiyone. I'm going to do my best to keep this Solar 
System safe." Said, Mihoshi, she was now looking cheerful and confident. "Evil 
criminals beware! Because First Class Mihoshi is on her way to get you!"

Kiyone began to smile at Mihoshi's sudden change in attitude. <I wonder how she 
does that?  She was for one minute, sad.  And now she's all of sudden happy.>  
Kiyone had always admired this special ability Mihoshi had, she also envied it.

"You'll see Kiyone, I'm going to bag myself a lot of bad criminals to put in our 
jail and they're going to wish that they ever mess with the law." Mihoshi said 
confidently.

"I don't doubt it." Kiyone smiled again and all of sudden felt sad.  She was 
going to miss Mihoshi's cheerful attitude the most.  That was the constant that 
kept her happy whenever she felt down.  Now, that was going to be gone.  And she 
don't know what she'll do without it.

"I'm going to get them all!  And I'll..." Said Mihoshi, then she noticed 
Kiyone's sad face, she was really quiet. "What's wrong, Kiyone?"

"Oh, nothing, I just feel that..."  Kiyone hugged Mihoshi in one sudden move. 
Kiyone began to cry. "I'm going to miss you, Mihoshi."

"I'll miss you too Kiyone."  Mihoshi hugged back, she was sad but didn't cry 
this time.  Now SHE was the one that was being strong.  She was going to do her 
best without Kiyone.

After a few minutes, Kiyone stopped crying and wiped herself with a tissue.  
They both got up from the bed and headed out towards the cockpit.  They finally 
reach the cockpit and sat down in their chairs.  It was time for them to head 
back to Earth and tell the others about the turn of events.  Mihoshi pressed a 
few buttons on her console and looked over to Kiyone.

"So what are you going to do from this point on, Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked.

"Well, the commander gave me 3 days until I have to report to his office, so 
I'll spend the first day packing up, I'll quit my part-time job and spend an 
evening in a karaoke bar with you, on the second day, I'll spend my day with 
Tenchi and the others and on my last day I'm going to make the trip to the 
commander's office."

"I see." Mihoshi said in response. "Well, whatever you're doing, I'm going to 
make sure that you will have fun on your last few remaining days here.  You'll 
see, these are the memories that you're going to love remembering."

"Thanks, Mihoshi." Kiyone smiled.  She looks on her view screen. "Beginning 
orbiting sequence."

"Orbiting sequence, initiated." Mihoshi replied, pressing buttons on her command 
console.

On the next day, the first thing Kiyone did after doing her morning routines was 
quitting her part time job at the Okayama Fast Food Joint.  The manager didn't 
give her much of a hard time about her quitting, he was actually happy, 
considering the fact that she always left early for some unknown emergency. 
After coming back from the restaurant she came back to the apartment and found 
that the apartment was nearly empty.  Across the living room she noticed Mihoshi 
packing up everything.  Mihoshi packed all of Kiyone's belongings in to several 
boxes that had her name marked on it.  Kiyone looked over to the other side of 
the room and found other boxes that marked Mihoshi's name on it.

"Uh...Mihoshi," Kiyone called out to her partner.

"Yes?" the other answered back.

"What do you think you're doing?  You're not thinking about coming to HQ with me 
are you?  You know that you're not suppose to go unless they call for you." 
Kiyone said with a worried expression. <I hope she didn't forget already.  
Please don't tell me she forgot what she said yesterday.  She promised that she 
would be able to move on without me!>

"Oh no! Kiyone.  I wouldn't do that!" Mihoshi said cheerfully not noticing 
Kiyone's worried face.

"Oh," Kiyone was relieved. "Then why are packing your belongings?"

"Well, while you were gone to quit your job, I called Tenchi's house and talked 
to his father" Mihoshi answered. "It's a good thing that I caught Nobuyuki 
before he went off for work, otherwise I have to wait until tomorrow.  Come to 
think of it...you know how much I hate it when I have to wait on something 
important.  It drives me crazy, if I can't get things done on my agenda-"

Kiyone interrupted, "Mihoshi!  Just tell me why you packed up!" she yelled.

"Oh! Well, why didn't you say so?" Mihoshi said.

"I did." Kiyone started to form a bead of sweat. "So tell me why you're packed, 
for the third time being."

"Well since you're leaving, I couldn't possibly keep up the rent by myself," she 
replied. "so I asked Mr. Misaki if I could move back into the house.

"I see..." Kiyone said. "Did he let you back in?"

"Yes! He let me back at the drop of a hat!" Mihoshi said cheerfully. 

"Figure he would." Kiyone said, knowing Nobuyuki's character.

"He was so generous and I told him that I would pay him back every time I got my 
paycheck."

"Well that's good.  At least you're generous enough to offer paying back their 
generosity.  Unlike the others living in that house. Except for Sasami and 
Tenchi."

"You know I am!"  Mihoshi said cheerfully.  Mihoshi finally finished packing the 
last of her belongings and was finally ready.  "Okay! I'm done packing."

"All we have to do now is get tomorrow's bus schedule and find out which bus is 
headed out to the Okayama countryside."

"You don't have to worry about that, Kiyone." Mihoshi said.

"Oh?" Kiyone asked, curiously.

"Nobuyuki's going to pick us up in his van tomorrow."

"That's great! That's going to be better than bringing all those boxes with us 
to the bus."

"You said it." Mihoshi agreed. "Now that the packing's all done, what'll we do  
for the rest of the day?"

"Well, 2 things." Kiyone answered. "We'll go to the public baths."

"Really?! Great!" Her partner's face lit up. "Then what?"

"We'll go to our favorite karaoke bar and spend hours on end singing." Kiyone 
smiled.

"Yippee! We're going to sing!" Mihoshi was clearly excited, she ran over to 
Kiyone and hugged her with a forceful bear hug. 

"Ugh." Despite the painful hug by Mihoshi Kiyone was happy as well.  Kiyone 
grinned evilly and returned Mihoshi with the same forceful hug.

"Aghh! Kiyone! You can stop now!" Mihoshi yelped in pain.  Kiyone didn't hear, 
she kept on hugging. "Ok, Kiyone. Can we go now? Ugh...you're starting to hurt 
me!"

"Oh! Uhh...right." Kiyone's evil look finally disappeared and she lets go of 
Mihoshi. "Well, let's go and have fun." 

        
                                              ***
     
Kiyone finally arrived at the lobby of the GP Commander's office, she was 
surprised to have been able to make it all the way from the Yagami, considering 
how exhausted she was.  

A female secretary stood up and saluted Kiyone. 

"The commander's ready to see you, Major." The secretary said, sitting back 
down.

"Thank you, Neriko." Kiyone said, making her way in to the office. 

As Kiyone walked in, she finds that the Commander was busy sorting through 
papers and signing orders on his desk.  She walks up to the busy commander and 
snaps to attention.

"Major Kiyone, reporting as ordered, sir!" Kiyone, saluted. 

"Ah! Major Kiyone! Welcome back to Headquarters!" The Commander said excitedly. 
Putting aside his current duties. "I'm glad that you came back here in one 
piece!" 

"Thank you, sir." Said, Kiyone.  She was glad to have a Commander who was 
concerned for her own safety, instead of worrying about numbers. 

"Please, sit down." Commander asked graciously.  Kiyone pulls up an office chair 
behind her and sat down. "Let us begin with the debriefing, shall we?"

"Yes, sir."  She reached over the desk and handed him a dossier containing her 
report.  

The Commander opens the dossier and reads through the report. The report was 
nine pages long, it didn't take more than five minutes for the commander to 
finish reading.  Kiyone sat there, waiting for what the commander had to say.   

"It says here on your report that, you were able track down Millun by following 
his faint neural-radiation trails?"  Commander, asked.

"Yes, sir." Kiyone, responded.

"How were you able to track his neural-radiation trail? We don't have equipment 
sensitive enough to pick up such a thing in space."  Commander was really 
curious. "How were you able to locate radiation with such low biological 
signatures?"

"I had to reconfigure the Yagami's sensors with the nav-computer,  by inputting 
the computer's data on neural-radiation in to the sensor array," Kiyone 
continued on. "it boosted the sensitivity of the sensors."

"Very interesting." The Commander was clearly pleased. "Millun is an A1 class 
criminal with enormous power and full of hatred.  He's as fearsome as Kain but 
not as powerful.  He's destroyed countless spaceships and murdered hundreds of 
people.  How did you ever catch him?  I'm sure you didn't just throw hand cuffs 
on him and said 'You are under arrest'.  How did you do it?" He asked with 
overwhelming curiosity.

Kiyone smiled. "Well...since Millun was a life form of pure energy, mainly 
neural energy.  I simply turned the Yagami in to a huge vacuum cleaner."

"You're kidding." The commander was baffled.

"No, I'm not." Kiyone said with beaming joy.

"Then what happened to him?" He asked.  "It says here on the report that he 
wasn't killed or turned in yet."     
  
Kiyone grinned and reached in to her pocket and grabbed a test tube.  She held 
the test tube right in front of the commander's brown eyes.  The Commander 
clearly saw a Dark blue mass floating inside.  The Blue Mass's eyes were 
obviously frowning.

"That's it?  That's Millun?!"  The commander started to laugh.  Then he stopped 
and looked worried.  "Won't he be able to break out of that glass?"

"Don't worry, Commander. This glass is made of transparent lead, it neutralizes 
any neural activity within Millun." She said with full confidence.  She puts the 
test tube containing the bitter alien, back in to her pocket.

"Kiyone," Commander smiled at her. "I must congratulate you on a job well done."

"Thank you, sir." She said.  She sat back in her chair, trying to get relaxed as 
much as possible before he assigns her her next mission.

"Before I assign you your next mission, there's just one thing that concerns me 
about this last case." Commander said with a hint of concern in his voice.

"Yes, sir?" Kiyone asked, noticing the commander's worried face. "What about 
this last case?"

"I noticed that you only had very few hours of sleep during this last mission.  
Is this correct?" He asked. 

"Yes, sir.  Only 3 hours per night for 2 weeks straight." She replied. "I didn't 
want to risk losing his trail."

"Which also means that you have to keep a close eye on the sensors," He asked 
again. "Doing this, must have taken an awful strain on you, hasn't it?"

"Yes, sir. A lot of strain." Kiyone said, couldn't agree more.

"I think it's time that you need to take a vacation. A nice three month long 
vacation." He said awardingly.

"After a year of saving the Galaxy of all it's troubles, I do think that it's 
about time."  She paused and realized what she had just said. "Sorry, sir, I 
didn't mean to sound so demanding."

"It's alright Major, ever since you were transferred here.  You helped us topple 
2 Drug cartels, captured or killed 3 A1 class criminals, gained valuable 
information on a hostile planetary government, which in turn, prevented a 
possible war.  And for the 'coupe de grace', you single handedly bring down the 
galaxy's most notorious crime family, The Terrells."  Commander replied. "A 
vacation is what you need and that's what your mission is going to be."

"Taking my vacation?" she said. Her face lit up. "That's my mission? Taking a 
nice three month long vacation?"

The Commander nodded. "You want it, you got it.  It'll start as soon as you get 
up from *that* chair and out of this office." He said, smiling.

"YAHOO!" Kiyone yelled out joyfully.

Kiyone hopped up from her chair and ran towards the door.  As soon as she 
reaches the door the commander cried out.

"WAIT!  BEFORE YOU LEAVE MAJOR!" He yelled.

Kiyone stopped dead in her tracks.

"Uh...yes, Commander?" She turned around.

"Could you please, hand me that test tube in your pocket?" He said.  "Or would 
you rather take the Galaxy's most wanted criminal with you to the beach?"  He 
held his hand out and waited at his desk.

"Oh! Right! Sorry." She said a little embarrassed.  She walks over towards the 
desk and hands the Test tube containing Millun to the commander.

"Thank you, Major." He said. "Now go and enjoy your vacation."

"Yes, thank you, sir!" She said excitingly.  Forgetting all her formal routines. 
Kiyone quickly exits the office and heads towards the docking bay where the 
Yagami was located.

The Commander watches Kiyone exit his office and couldn't help but smiled for 
her. <She really did deserve that vacation.  She busted her butt.> He thought to 
himself.  Then he looks at the frowning criminal that was inside the test tube.

"What are you frowning about, Millun?" He said to the test tubed criminal.

Millun looked away from the commander.

"Don't worry we'll put you in a much more roomier accommodation, in our new," He 
said sarcastically. "State-of-the-art, sup-space network."

Millun's blue form began to pale it's frowning eyes became puppy dog eyes, tears 
began to cascade it's face. He looked back at the commander with begging eyes. 
He was really frightened.

The commander began to laugh.  He called his secretary. "Oh Neriko!" He said in 
a cheerful tone.

"Yes, sir?" She answered through the com.  With a hint of curiosity in her 
voice.

"Could you send the subspace net boys up in my office, please? " He asked. 
"Something in my office needs to be put in it's confinement.

"Understood, sir." Following his order.

A few minutes later Kiyone arrived at the HQ docking bay.  She boarded the 
Yagami and headed straight towards the cockpit.  The cockpit door opens and the 
lights turn on automatically.

"Welcome back, Kiyone." A female voice greeted.  The voice revealed itself and a 
mechanized dome-headed robot appears from out of the cockpit ceiling.  The robot 
was a computer upgrade that came with the promotion she received over a year 
ago.  A computer-integrated robot was much more convenient than typing commands 
on to a console, she could simply ask and the ship's computer could look it up 
or perform a simple task.  What was even better was that the computer had an 
Interactive program which gave the computer a personality.  It was a good 
fortune that Kiyone didn't end up with an annoying, nagging robot, like most 
other GP personnel ended up having.  

"Thanks, Yagami." Kiyone answered back.  

"You were back sooner than expected from the meeting with the commander.  Did 
something go wrong?"  The computer asked.

"Oh no, nothing went wrong." Kiyone smiled. "I'm just tired."

"Understood. You did go through a lot this last mission."

"Tell me about it." Kiyone agreed.

"So what's our next mission objective?"

"Vacation." She answered. "A nice 3 month long vacation."

"Understood.  Please state your destination." 

"Earth." Kiyone answered smiling.

"Releasing docking clamps." The Yagami starts to activate its engines. 
"Activating maneuvering thrusters."  The ship starts to slowly pull out of its 
docking bay and in to the voidness of space. 

Kiyone hears the rumbling of the Yagami's engine, she watches the New HQ slowly 
come into view as the ship pulls out in reverse.  There's a whole activity of 
ships coming and going, Kiyone noticed that the New HQ didn't look that much 
different from the last one, it was only bigger and more technologically 
advanced.  The ship begins to turn around and face it's course headings.

"Activate autopilot and head to course at top speed. I want to reach our 
destination as soon as possible." Kiyone said.

"Yes, ma'am." The ship activates its engines and roars into space.

"Estimate time of arrival."

"ETA in 12 hours until arrival to Earth." The robot replied. 

"Good.  That gives me time to rest." Kiyone yawned. " I'm going to my quarters 
to freshen up and sleep.  Call me when we reach Earth."

"Understood. Good night, Kiyone." Said the computer.

"Good night." Kiyone said gratefully and heads towards her quarters.

A half hour later, Kiyone was in her quarters, she's wearing her sleeping 
clothes and had just finished a hot soothing shower.  She went over to her bed 
and laid down, her eyes were heavy and her mind had slowed down. After 2 
straight weeks of little sleep, she was finally getting a full night.  She 
closed her eyes and starts dreaming about her last day on Earth...

                                                ***

Kiyone and Mihoshi arrived at the countryside where the Masaki residence was 
presiding.  The van stopped and Nobuyuki and Mihoshi got out to unload the 
boxes.  Kiyone stepped out of the van and notices Sasami coming out of the house 
to greet them.

"Kiyone!" Sasami ran towards Kiyone, laughing.  She hugs Kiyone.

"Hello little Sasami!" Kiyone said cheerfully.  Returning Sasami's hug. "And, 
how are you today?"

"I'm doing great!  I just finished cooking the food for our party!  You're going
to love it!" Sasami said cheerfully.

"I don't doubt it.  Personally, I think you're the universe's greatest cook." 
She complemented.

"Thanks, Kiyone." Sasami blushed.  She turns to Mihoshi. "And how are you doing 
Mihoshi?"

"Me?" She almost drops her box of belongings but catches it in time before it 
hits the ground. "Oh I'm doing fine!"

"You need help?" Kiyone asked.

"Oh Mr. Masaki and I can handle it.  Don't worry."  Mihoshi said struggling with 
her box.

"Ok, Mihoshi let me show you to your room." Nobuyuki said.  Holding one of 
Mihoshi's boxes, he walks towards the house and Mihoshi follows.

Tenchi and Aeka comes up to greet Kiyone as Mihoshi leaves.

"Hello, Kiyone.  I just heard the latest news from dad.  Congratulations, on 
your promotion."

"Thank you, Tenchi."

"So, to celebrate, we're throwing a party in your honor!" Aeka said with joy.

"I'm flattered.  But you shouldn't."  Kiyone blushed.

"Don't say that!  You deserve it!  After all the things you done for us!"  
Tenchi said. 

"We wouldn't be here if it weren't for you." Aeka added.

"Thanks." Kiyone trying to find words. Then she noticed that Ryoko and Washu 
were missing. "Where's Washu and Ryoko?"

"Oh they're inside with grandpa putting the final touches on the party."  Tenchi 
answered.

"Come on let's go start the party!"  Sasami said happily.  

They all walk in to the house and Kiyone finds that it is beautifully decorated 
with banners saying 'Goodbye and farewell', confetti, and streamers.  Kiyone was 
really flattered by the effort they put out for her.  They make their way 
towards the abundant food placed on the table.  Kiyone is really looking forward 
in taking a bite.  Washu was typing on her computer and party decors flew out of 
several strategically placed portals. 

"Meow!" Ryo-ohki said cheerfully, running towards Kiyone.

"Hello Ryo-ohki!" Kiyone said, as Ryo-ohki hops on to her head.

"This is a first!  So you finally decide to leap on to my head for a ride, huh?" 
Kiyone said happily.

"Meow! Meow! Meow!" Cabbit said cheerfully.

"Okay! Let's eat!" Ryoko said. "Sasami's food is getting cold!"

"Right! Let's eat" Kiyone said, staring at the food. "I'm starving!  It would be 
rude not to!"

Sasami blushed at the remarks.  The group gathered around the table and started 
their course on the abundant food.  Ryo-ohki was eating her usual bowl of 
carrots, Ryoko and Aeka fought over a piece of chopped steak, Sasami passes the 
salt to Mihoshi, and Kiyone quietly eats her bowl of rice while Tenchi keeps 
sneaking glances at her.

"Aeka! Quit hogging the food!" Ryoko blurted out, Trying to get the steak. "I 
was reaching for it first!"

"I had it first! You space pirate!" Aeka yelled back. "You tell her Tenchi!"

Tenchi shrugged. 

"Oh no you don't! He's on my side!  Aren't you Tenchi?"  Ryoko said putting down 
her rice bowl and than clings on to Tenchi. 

"Now Ryoko! Stop that!" Tenchi yelling out.

"Hey I know! After dinner we should all have a karaoke sing along!" Sasami 
suggested.  Interrupting Aeka and Ryoko's fight. 

"That's a great idea, Sasami!" said, Aeka stopping her fight with Ryoko.  

"We'll be able to see who's the better singer.  Me or the silly princess." Ryoko 
letting go of Tenchi. She went up and headed towards the karaoke machine to set 
it up.

"Thanks Sasami." Tenchi was relieved. 

"Don't mention it." She said smiling.

Later on that evening, it was time for Kiyone to leave.  They gathered outside 
the house, it was a little emotional but nobody cried.  Ryo-ohki hops back onto 
Sasami's head and waves at Kiyone, she waves back.  Kiyone looks towards Aeka.

"Good bye, Aeka" Hugging her.

"Good bye Kiyone and be well" Aeka said graciously.

"Bye Kiyone." Sasami said with a tear in her eye.

"Good bye, Sasami and take care."

"I will." Hugging Kiyone with all her strength. After a moment of hugging, 
Sasami and Aeka walks back into the house.

"I won't write to you or anything, but take care." said Ryoko.

"I will and you stay out of trouble.  I don't want to come back and arrest you."

"I'll try but I like to see you try." Ryoko said smiling. Then she disappears.

She looks toward Mihoshi. "Mihoshi, I'll call you."

"Oh Kiyone!  I know you will."  Mihoshi said cheerfully.  Her wrist watch starts 
to beep. "Oh my. Well...looks like this is my first solo duty."

"Yes it does and you'll do great." She hugs Mihoshi and Mihoshi is teleported to 
her newly assigned shuttle.

Tenchi was the last person she hugged.  She turns towards Katsuhito and he walks 
up to her.

"Please have a safe journey Kiyone." He said.

"Thank you, sir."

"And remember that you are always welcome to stay and visit." Katsuhito and 
walks off towards the shrine.

He stops in the middle of his track.  But didn't turn around. "Tenchi!"

"Yes, sir?" He replied.

"Please escort Kiyone to the gate." He continues on his course.

"Yes...uh, ok." Baffled by his grandfather's request.

Tenchi and Kiyone walks towards the gate, Tenchi seemed to wanted to say 
something to her ever since she arrived.  Now was the opportunity for him to get 
something off his chest.

"Uh...Kiyone?" He said to her.

"Yes Tenchi?"

"I never did get to thank you."

"Thank me? Thank me for what?" Kiyone asked.

"For putting out a lot of effort in protecting my mother during the Kain 
ordeal."  Tenchi said. "Without you, who knows what would've happened."

"No, don't mention it.  I did what I felt was necessary.  I couldn't just stand 
by and just watch a friend go down."

"Well thank you." Tenchi said. "I'll never forget you and the things you did for  
my family."

"You're welcome, Tenchi." Kiyone looks at her watch. "I better be going.  
Tenchi, thanks for all your hospitality."

As she makes her way towards the gate door.  Tenchi grabs her hand and pulls her 
in for a hug.

"Tenchi? What are you doing ?" Kiyone startled.

"I would also like to thank you, this way."  He gives Kiyone another hug.  
Kiyone hugs back in response.  

Then, all of a sudden,  Mihoshi's shuttle flies over their heads and the force 
of the shuttle's air drag pushes Tenchi's face into Kiyone's and accidentally 
locks his lips with her's.  

Kiyone was stunned, she never thought Tenchi would ever do a thing like this! On 
the other hand, it's been a while she received any kiss at all from any guy, so 
she responded by holding him tighter and kisses him.  This was a sensation she 
haven't felt for a long time.  His kiss was warm, delicate, and sensual. Finally 
after a minute or so of kissing, they stopped.  Stepped back from each other and 
stared at each other, trying to get the handle of the moment.

Tenchi was struggling to find something to say to her. <So this was why grandpa 
wanted me to walk her!  He knew what I felt about her all along!> 

"Uh...sorry. I didn't mean to do that." Tenchi said, obviously embarrassed.

Kiyone smiled. "That kiss was more than just a good bye kiss."

"Well...I didn't mean to," He Paused.

"It's alright, Tenchi.  Don't be embarrassed."  She puts her hand on his 
shoulder, assuring him that she wasn't offended.  She gives him a kiss on the 
cheek.  

Kiyone's watch starts to beep, it was time. The air starts swirling around them 
and the Yagami appears over there heads.  It descends and hovers just a few feet 
off the ground. 

"It's time." Kiyone looks at Tenchi. 

"Kiyone...," Tenchi said. He was trying to find words that expressed his 
feelings for her. "you'll be able to come back won't you?"

"Yes Tenchi, I will. I promise."  She hugs Tenchi.  

Then the Yagami's red teleport beam starts to surround Kiyone. They gave each 
other their final embrace.  Tenchi kisses her forehead and whispers good bye in 
to her ear.

                                                ***

"Kiyone, wake up.  We've arrived." The computer said on the speaker above her 
bed.

Kiyone struggled to wake up, as soon her eyes open she looks out through the 
ship viewport (window) and there floated the magnificent blue planet of Earth.
She sprang out of her bed and quickly dressed.  She headed out to the cockpit 
sat down on her command console.
  
"Yagami, proceed with landing sequence." Kiyone ordered.

"Landing sequence initiated." The Yagami starts it's descent.

She couldn't wait until she touched ground, Tenchi was waiting for her and she 
knew it. 

                                                ***  

Meanwhile, across the Galaxy, the huge ship makes it's course towards earth.  
The ship was owned and piloted by the Galaxy's.  Once placed on the roster of 
the Galaxy Police’s finest and most promising officers, now she is considered  
an outcast.  Not only considered an outcast but also a fall from grace.  Now, 
after a year of Mercenary work, she is going to have her revenge against Kiyone.  
Not only that, she had just stumbled on to something that would make her one 
most powerful beings in the galaxy.  

"Estimate time 'til we reach Earth." Said the female figure.

"Estimated time will be one week." Computer replied.

"Good, that gives her enough time to relax." she smiles.                                
        

The End

So ends part 1.  Sorry if the writing became a little lazy in the last part of 
this story, I was losing energy.  And I'm also sorry if I broke that cardinal 
rule of keeping Tenchi and Kiyone away from each other. I did this because I 
wanted to write a developed story involving the 2.  I'm going to develop it even 
more in part 2, so don't complain! But I'm not going to drop Ryoko and Aeka like 
a bad habit, either.  I'm going to make this story work right and without 
discrepancy to the best of my ability.  Now that I'm finally finished, Tell me 
what you think!  Your response is crucial to the continuation of this FF! I'm 
going to go and take a break and brainstorm some ideas.

Remember the story's continuation depends on your e-mail! Sayonara.

Special thanks to A. Baldrich and my sister for pre-reading my FF.