Season 2: Home Life and Shadow Plays
Episode 10: No Need for Diplomacy

Miho-Kiyo's Place

"Washu found a cure," Kiyone breathed the phrase out 
quietly. "Good, very good." She then returned to pacing.

"Washu-sa..chan," Karya scanned about the area as she nearly 
used the wrong suffix. "Found a cure, Ayeka-sama is going to 
be okay?"

"Oh YAY!" Mihoshi shouted clapping her hands vigorously. 
Kiyone continued pacing nervously, while Rakkan and Karya 
both watched the happy blonde, ready to bolt if necessary. 
"That's great."

"Captain Makibi, why does this make you nervous?" Rakkan 
asked, still eyeing Mihoshi and any and all potential 
dangerous objects near her.

"It doesn't, I was already nervous," she said. "Where are 
Tenchi and..RYOKO!" Kiyone had to shift position quickly to 
dodge the suddenly appeared space pirate.

"Sorry about that," Ryoko apologized irritably.

"Where is Lord Tenchi?" Karya asked.

"This little feud of yours is going to make us late," Kiyone 
started. "How is.." Tenchi's swarm of sparks cut off 
Kiyone's reproach as the jurai prince materialized. The 
detective sighed in exasperation. "Now there are four of 
you."

"Didn't mean to startle anybody," Tenchi said 
apologetically.

"How long is this going to take?" Ryoko demanded glancing 
irritably about the room.

"I don't know yet," Kiyone sighed. "Are you ready?" She 
glanced at her fellow delegates and arched an eyebrow, there 
was no venom going back and forth. Tenchi was watching Ryoko 
with obvious concern, while Ryoko was trying to avoid 
looking for long at anybody. Something had happened to end 
hostilities between them.

"As ready as I'll ever be I guess," Tenchi shrugged. "Which 
of us is doing the talking?"

"Like Ryoko said," Kiyone answered reluctantly. "You and 
me." This was probably going to be the most annoying thing 
they had to do for quite while.

"Can we get this over with please? Its almost time for the 
show."

"Yagami, boarding Ryoko, Tenchi and me," Kiyone ordered, 
ignoring Ryoko. The three of them vanished flickering away 
as Yagami teleported them on board. Rakkan and Karya glanced 
at each other and tried to sneak out of the room.

"Hey! Are you going to Tenchi's house?" Mihoshi yelled. "Can 
I come too?" Rakkan and Karya groaned.

"Maybe we can sic her on Washu while the show is on," Rakkan 
suggested.

"Certainly, Mihoshi," the Jurai said cheerfully. "And I'll 
bet Washu has a bunch of inventions for you as a law 
enforcement officer."

"Oooo, cool!" Mihoshi declared rushing out the door ahead of 
them. 

"Good idea, Rakkan-san" Karya admitted grudgingly. Then they 
realized that Mihoshi was unsupervised and bolted out the 
door after her.

SETI Main Headquarters

"Excuse me," the secretary looked up to see a young woman in 
some sort of uniform or costume or something. Another woman 
with spiky silver hair stood behind her who was looking 
rather irritable and nervous. Watching her was a young man, 
maybe in his late teens. The bored woman blinked, more sci-
fi fans looking for a tour. She yawned and stretched. "This 
is SETI right?"

"I'm sorry, but there are no more tours for another two." 
the secretary's eyes popped wide and jaw dropped as the 
silver haired woman sat down. Sitting cross-legged in thin 
air with a black cat tail swishing along behind her.

"Well, we weren't really interested in taking the tour," the 
uniformed woman said. "Though its good to know these 
translators work."

"Do we have to do this now?" the floating woman grumbled.

"Actually, Ryoko has a point," the boy said. "We do have a 
few other things happening right now."

"Which is why we're getting this over with right now," the 
uniformed girl said.

"And what is the nature of your business?" the secretary 
asked hollowly.

"This is the Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence?" the 
uniformed woman asked.

"Yes," she nodded staring at the floating silver-haired 
woman.

"What are you looking at?"

"Ryoko, please behave," the uniformed woman said. "Anyway, I 
guess that means we're in the right place."

"Right place for what?"

"Ryoko and Kiyone are extra-terrestrials," Tenchi put in.

"Uh," the secretary blinked. "huh. Could you wait here 
please?" The woman stood up and backed out of the room 
fumbling for the door.

"Weren't we going to see the UN?" Tenchi asked.

"Well, yeah," Kiyone said. "But it makes sense to do this 
first, plus we should give them first crack with all the 
hard work they're doing."

"They're out there, sir." They heard behind the door the 
secretary had entered.

"I don't see what the big deal is," some body complained. 
"Its probably just a trekkie with a good." the door opened 
revealing a geeky looking guy in his thirties who saw Ryoko 
floating in mid air and then immediately closed the door 
again. The three of them sweat dropped at the sound of 
running footsteps. About ten minutes later there was the 
sound of virtual stampede heading for the outer office.

Kiyone, Tenchi and Ryoko glanced at each other once before 
the door seemed to explode open with a flood of earth 
scientists. After people stopped spilling through the 
doorway a blonde woman stepped forward nervously.

"I'd like to welcome you on behalf of the people of Earth," 
she said, extending a hand toward Kiyone and eyeing Ryoko. 
"I'm Dr. Emily Delujenul and you are?"

"Captain Kiyone Makibi of the Galaxy Police," Kiyone said. 
"Ranking officer assigned to this sector."

"Ranking.officer?"

"Well there's just me and my partner really," Kiyone 
started.

"And that would be her?" the scientist asked, pointed at 
Ryoko.

"Like hell no," Ryoko snapped. "Her partner is walking 
disaster zone with blonde hair." They glanced at Kiyone.

"You have no idea, Ryoko, no idea." Most of the scientists 
sweatdropped.

"So who are they, then?"

"I'm Tenchi Masaki," Tenchi said, politely. "And I'm not an 
extra-terrestrial." There was a brief wave of 
disappointment. "My grandfather is." Tenchi sweatdropped as 
the scientists face faulted.

"And her?"

"I'm Ryoko."

"That's it?"

"You probably don't want to hear the full story."

"Oh yes we do," came the chorused reply.

"Okay, I'm Ryoko, a powerful space pirate and formerly one 
of the most wanted criminals in the galaxy." They all took a 
step back from her.

"She's was pardoned after she helped save the galaxy," 
Kiyone quickly informed them, and they all breathed a sigh 
of relief.

"How do you know English?" the speaker narrowed his eyes. 
"Have you been studying us?"

"Well, I learned a little English in school," Tenchi said. 
"But Washu made these translators for this trip." He pointed 
out the little clip on his shirt collar.

"Oh, wait, you said your grandfather was an extra-
terrestrial?"

"Yes, his grandfather is Lord Yosho former crown prince of 
the Jurai Empire," Kiyone confirmed. Tenchi sweatdropped as 
they blinked.

"Uh huh, and where is that located?"

"Oh well, this is easier," Kiyone set down a disc and 
depressed a button. A hologram map of the galaxy flared into 
life revealing the jurisdictional boundaries of the Galaxy 
Police and Jurai empire. "That's Sol, and that's Jurai."

"That's nearly the center of the galaxy!"

"Yeah, about a month's travel," Tenchi said. They stared at 
him in shock. "Though we were trying to avoid attention at 
the time, so it might have taken a little extra time."

"Hey, if you're a Galaxy Police officer," someone asked. 
"Where's your headquarters?" Kiyone looked at the map for a 
moment.

"Secondary headquarters is here," she pointed to a spot that 
lit up.

"What happened to the primary headquarters?"

"Caine," the three of them answered together.

"Huh?"

"Oh, don't worry, we're fairly certain he's destroyed," 
Kiyone said.

"Even if he's not, it'll take him a while to find this 
dimension again," Ryoko said.

"Uh huh. So you're a cop, you're an ex-pirate, and you're 
royalty."

"That about covers it," Kiyone said. "Well for those of us 
that are here."

"Who else is there?"

"The current crown princess of Jurai, and her sister," 
Kiyone said.

"Is she his aunt or sister or something?" The speaker 
pointed at Tenchi.

"I think its more like really, really, really distant 
cousins," Tenchi said.

"Ryoko's son.."

"Ah.he was born here," Ryoko said. "He doesn't count, does 
he?"

"I'm not sure, we haven't had to think of this question 
before."

"That's a good point," Kiyone said. "And that leaves, Karya 
and Rakkan, Washu, and my partner."

"Do you mind if we collect some personal information," 
someone asked.

"Like what?"

"Name, age, birth place."

"Measurements?" Most of the women in the room turned to 
glare at the speaker while most of the men cleared the area 
around him as various bashing objects were pulled from 
mallet space and smashed him into the ground.

"There's something wrong with that question?" Ryoko asked.

"She's a little.."

"Amoral." Kiyone confirmed.

"I wouldn't go THAT far," Tenchi said, before Ryoko could 
move to agree.

"Umm.before we sink into personal relationships," they 
turned to face someone with a clipboard.

"Mind if I get this done with first?" Ryoko asked. "There's 
other things I could be doing."

"Uh, okay," the scientist with the clipboard asked. "Name?"

"Ryoko."

"Last Name?"

"Just Ryoko."

"Age?"

"About two thousand eighteen," she said, they all stared at 
her, blinking. "What?" 

"Uh.uh.something safe," the scientist thought. "Next of 
kin?"

"I have a son, Rikyu," she said. "Is there anything else you 
need?"

"Occupation, space pirate?" Ryoko shrugged. "Where were you 
born."

"I don't know," they glanced at her. "Seriously, I don't 
know, my parents were royalty or something from some place 
outside the Galaxy."

"You're extra-GALACTIC?!?!"

"At least they won't be as shocked when it gets to us this 
way," Kiyone muttered. She shrugged upon noticing that 
Tenchi wasn't paying attention to her. "Well, at least 
they're not tearing each other's throats out." On the other 
hand, Ryoko was a mass of angst rivaling her when she had 
first been assigned to the Sol system.

"Okay, that's it," Ryoko sighed. "Any other question.no? Bye 
then." And Ryoko vanished. Kiyone reached out and snatched 
Tenchi before he could move.

"What are.?"

"She's going to be all right for now," Kiyone muttered. "You 
are not leaving me here alone."

"Are you sure?" Tenchi asked, eyes narrowed. Kiyone smiled 
through gritted teeth and turned towards the near-catatonic 
scientists.

"I'm positive," she plastered on her plastic cheerful 
expression and turned to the scientists. "I'm next?"

Masaki House

"What's happened?" Ryoko demanded she appeared above her 
normal seat and floated down.

"Tadaaki's dead."

"WHAT?!?" Ryoko leaned forward and glued her eyes to the 
screen. "What happened?"

"His car went over a cliff and they found this burned up 
body inside."

"Detective," one of the actors called out. "The lab just 
sent this up." The four television viewers leaned forward.

"I thought so," he said. "The brakes were tampered with, 
this is murder!"

"It was that Kimi woman," Nyoko shouted. Ryoko scratched her 
head, something was different. "I heard her threaten him."

"Wait a minute," Ayeka said. "Doesn't Mihoshi usually break 
in at this point and switch the channel."

"Oh, we took care of that," Karya said, not looking away 
from the screen.

"How'd you manage that?"

"We told her that Washu probably had some inventions that 
would help her be a better police officer." Ayeka and Ryoko 
turned several shades paler.

"You told her to go play with Washu's inventions?"

"How's she going to get there," Karya asked.

"Isn't Washu-sa.chan's laboratory in another dimension as it 
is?" They looked to the shell-shocked Ryoko and Ayeka and 
sweatdropped.

"We made a mistake...didn't we?" Ayeka and Ryoko nodded 
slowly.
