Season 2: Home Life and Shadow Plays
Episode 4: No Need for a Movie


The path to the Masaki house

 

Tenchi thought back across the last two months and couldn't 
help but be depressed. He would have thought that having one 
of those girls suddenly decide to stop chasing him would be 
relieving. No, he had known that it would be a relief if 
they had settled the matter themselves. He just wished it 
hadn't been settled in this way, Ryoko angry with him for 
Ayeka's burn out.

Rationally he told himself that the knights should have been 
able to notice if it was possible. They had centuries, hell, 
millennia, more experience than he did. He kept telling 
himself that there was no possible way for him to tell that 
Ayeka had been burning herself out. It didn't do him much 
good.

His mind kept returning to the fact that his mother had done 
the same to herself for him. To make matters worse in that 
regard, they had gone back in time to save her from Caine, 
not force her to burn out fighting him. Now another Jurai 
woman he cared about had burned herself out. It wasn't as 
bad a case this time, or at least that was the way it 
seemed, but it didn't change the fact that it had happened.

Now he had lost Ryoko, and that was the problem. He felt 
selfish for thinking it, perhaps some part of him had wanted 
to be the one doing the breaking up. At least that is what 
he told himself. He tried to convince himself that he only 
seemed to be interested in Ryoko now because she was 
suddenly forbidden fruit, and that was the only reason. It 
all still came down to the fact that he had lost Ryoko. She 
wouldn't talk to him, wouldn't even stay long in the same 
room with him.

It wouldn't have been so difficult if Ryoko had reacted in 
the way he would have expected. A Ryoko dancing over the 
premature grave of a Jurai princess would have been easy to 
ignore. She would have been even easier to tell off. This 
train of thought didn't help his general feeling out much. 
Now he felt guilty about wishing that Ryoko cared less about 
Ayeka than she did. Wishing, basically, that Ryoko was 
actually as evil as people had portrayed her when everybody 
first arrived.

He had been on several dates with Ayeka in the recent past, 
but they hadn't been the pleasant experiences he was hoping 
for. Tenchi had hoped that at some point that they would 
have become less matters of responsibility and more like 
real social outings. Unfortunately the transition hadn't yet 
occurred. Oh the movies and activities cheered them up for a 
brief time, but the image of Ryoko's scowling face always 
intruded into his thoughts.

He didn't know for sure, but he thought Ayeka had noticed 
his distraction. She certainly seemed less enthusiastic than 
she had originally. That was something else praying on his 
mind. He had felt guilty and confused about stringing along 
both Ryoko and Ayeka. Now that he had only one choice he 
still felt guilty and confused. He paused in his walk and 
sighed resignedly.

"Why can't I have a normal life?" he asked the air, before 
continuing walking along.

 

Masaki house

 

"It has really become quite boring around here," Ayeka 
declared to the surprise of Ryoko, Sasami and Washu.

"Well, I can try to come up with a galactic threat," Washu 
answered snidely. "But it will take some time."

"I wasn't thinking of anything so drastic," Ayeka told her. 
"Perhaps a communal outing to the local cinema."

"If you want to go to a movie, I'm sure Tenchi will take 
you," Ryoko suggested. Ayeka had yet to understand why Ryoko 
didn't seem to be upset with her at all, just Tenchi.

"Well, why don't we all go to a movie?" Sasami asked, 
excitedly. "It sounds like fun! Do you think Miho-Kiyo can 
come too?"

"Perhaps, they do have busy schedules, Sasami," Ayeka 
reminded her. "But it wouldn't hurt to make a call."

"Thanks, but I think I'll stay here," Ryoko said, lying back 
down on the couch.

"Oh come on, Ryoko," Sasami half-whined. "If we're all going 
to go you should come too. Please?" Ryoko tried to ignore 
the pleading child, but only managed to do so for about a 
minute.

"All right, I'll go," Ryoko finally said, resulting in a 
cheerful hop from Sasami.

"Excellent," Ayeka said happily. "I'll call Miho-Kiyo." She 
walked into the hallway smiling cheerfully and perhaps a 
little deviously.

"Hey, wait," Washu called. "Do I get any say in this?" Ayeka 
popped her head around back into the living room.

"Oh Ryoko," she called, still smiling. "Tenchi should be on 
his way home now, could you go ask him to join us?"

"Me?" Ryoko asked, looking at Ayeka as if she were insane. 
"Talk to him?"

"You can get there quicker than any of us," Ayeka noted 
practically. "It is the most efficient solution."

"Okay, Washu," Ryoko said irritably, before lifting up and 
teleporting away.

"Hey!" the scientist tried again to get somebody's 
attention. "What's everybody picking on me for?" She 
followed Ayeka back into the hallway, where Ayeka was making 
her call.

 

Miho-Kiyo place.

 

"Hello?" Mihoshi said picking up the phone.

"Mihoshi?" Ayeka's voice said on the other end of the line. 
"I was wondering perhaps if you, Kiyone and the rest would 
like to join us for a movie?"

"Just a moment let me check?" Mihoshi turned to where Kiyone 
was doing their budgeting. "Kiyone, Ayeka wants to know if 
we can join them in going to a movie tonight." Kiyone 
frazzled expression turned to one of confusion as she looked 
up from the bills and checkbook.

"Give me the phone," Kiyone said. Mihoshi cheerfully handed 
the receiver to her teal-haired partner. "Ayeka?"

"Oh, Captain Makibi," the voice on the other end said.

"Definitely Ayeka," Kiyone thought.

"Are you and yours free from work tonight?" Ayeka asked 
politely.

"Didn't we talk about this already?" Kiyone asked. "I'm just 
waiting for Rikyu before leaving."

"Oh good, then you can come?"

"Of course I can come," Kiyone said. "Have you thought of a 
movie yet?"

"Oh, I was thinking about that new American film," Ayeka 
said. "It appears to be a somewhat decent historical fiction 
piece. I'm not certain what period of the galaxy's history 
it's from, but I never did care much for history."

"Are you talking about The Phantom Menace?" Kiyone asked.

"Oh yes, that's the one," Ayeka noted.

"You're trying to make this look like a spontaneous 
decision, aren't you?"

"Then we'll see you in an hour or so?"

"What's going on here Ayeka?"

"I have to go, I sent Ryoko after Tenchi, and they should be 
back soon." Kiyone blinked, pulled the receiver away from 
her head and looked at it like she didn't know what it was 
for. She slowly returned the item to her ear.

"Uh, okay, we'll see you soon." The phone on the other end 
of the line clicked back down. Kiyone then hung-up the phone 
and began to try and make sense of that conversation. "It 
can't be what I think it is."

 

Masaki Residence

 

"Okay, Princess" Washu said, accusingly. "What's going on 
here?"

"Isn't it obvious, Washu-Chan?" Ayeka asked. "We're all 
going out to a movie."

"And the point of sending Ryoko to get Tenchi is?"

"To inform Lord Tenchi of our plans and suggest that he 
accompany us," Ayeka answered as if that should be obvious.

"And you're not doing this because Ryoko will stomp all over 
him?"

"Yeah, Ayeka," Sasami added. "Ryoko has been really mean to 
Tenchi since you got back." Sasami sounded confused about 
that, but she thought that it perhaps had something to do 
with how much time her onesan had been spending with Tenchi.

"I am quite certain that it will all be fine," Ayeka 
asserted.

"One more thing," Washu put in.

"What is it?" Ayeka's pleasant attitude vanished.

"Were you talking about the Phantom Menace?"

"Yes," Ayeka said. "Why do you ask?"

"It's not exactly what you would call historical fiction."

"Really? How odd."

 

The stairs up to the Masaki house

 

It was a scene he was used to, Ryoko just popping into 
existence next to him. For a moment his mood brightened, but 
it didn't last. Ryoko's new dismissive attitude was still in 
full force. She wasn't even floating, she was standing off 
to the side, arms crossed. She looked as if she were on a 
displeasing errand.

"What do you want Ryoko?" he asked, irritably.

"Ayeka wants us all to go to a movie tonight," she told him.

"So why are you telling this to me?" Tenchi asked. "You 
haven't spoken more than two words together to me 
since.....since the battle." Ryoko narrowed her eyes.

"Ayeka sent me," Ryoko told him. "So let's get this over 
with." The pirate teleported away with the last word. Tenchi 
shrugged and continued climbing up the stairs, he was in the 
house within two minutes.

"So what movie are we seeing?" Tenchi asked, he avoided 
looking to Ryoko's position on the couch in the living room. 
Ayeka turned to him smiling, and seeming vaguely 
disappointed somehow.

"We're going to see The Phantom Menace!!" Sasami shouted 
excitedly. Tenchi blinked, Ryoko sat up and looked into the 
hallway.

"Yes," Washu called from somewhere. "We're just waiting for 
the Miho-Kiyo group to get here."

"And this was Ayeka's choice?" Tenchi and Ryoko asked 
simultaneously. Ryoko glared at him and lay back down.

 

Miho-Kiyo place

 

"So any word on what movie we're seeing?" Rikyu asked as he 
appeared in the mirror standing behind Kiyone. The detective 
jumped, surprised by the teleport.

"Gah! You and your mother!" she gasped, catching her breath. 
"Don't either of you ever use a door?"

"Well, I haven't quite got the phasing thing down yet," he 
said, smiling. "So this works better, besides in moment 
there'll be Mihoshi, my mother, Ayeka, Tenchi and everybody 
else. Right now it's just us." He encircled his arms around 
her waste and leaned forward. Kiyone smiled and formed her 
own ring around his neck.

"So it is," Kiyone agreed, then she decided to tease him a 
little. "And just how did you know I would be here or that I 
wouldn't be...indisposed?"

"I have no idea," he answered, kissing her lightly on the 
lips. "And I don't care."

"A very logical explanation," she responded with her own 
little kiss. Things were progressing from there when someone 
knocked on the door.

"Kiiii-yooo-neeee?" Mihoshi whined. "Are you done yet?"

"Well, so much for that," Rikyu laughed quietly.

"Perhaps we should spare her this for a little while more," 
Kiyone suggested, Rikyu nodded smiling and teleported to the 
living room. "Coming right out Mihoshi." Kiyone opened the 
door and Mihoshi rushed in behind her.

"Oh thank you, thank you, thank you Kiyone," was all the 
blonde said before unceremoniously closing the door on an 
amused Kiyone.

"Ah, Captain Makibi," Rakkan said as Kiyone appeared in the 
large open room. 

The room was sparsely furnished, with items scavenged from 
the Yagami's cargo bay. Fortunately, most of the furniture 
had been in her and Mihoshi's apartment for the battle so it 
had survived. It was a rather bizarre collection. There were 
the old Masaki couches, the simple wooden table from their 
beach planet snack shop. A few chairs from that had missed 
the Mihoshi explosion in the bar. Added to that stuff that 
Ayeka or Ryoko had bought on impulse, or Mihoshi had picked 
up from the ruins. It wasn't anywhere near a unified 
interior style.

"Lord Rikyu has arrived," the Akuneko warrior finished. 
Kiyone glanced over at the red-haired Akuneko and smiled. 
Rikyu waved with an impish smile.

"I see," Kiyone responded. "Mihoshi won't be much longer, 
either."

"So what movie are we seeing?" Rikyu asked.

"According to Ayeka," Kiyone suggested. "The Phantom Menace, 
but I also thought she said something about sending Ryoko to 
find Tenchi, so I might have heard wrong."

"Oh did that work out?" Karya asked. Kiyone turned and 
looked at the woman as if she had just found the last piece 
of a puzzle.

"You know something we don't," Kiyone stated. Karya began to 
sweat as all attention focused on her.

"Uhh....?"

 

Theater

 

They reached the theater early, actually it was later than 
Ayeka had intended, but Rikyu and Tenchi had convinced them 
that it would be next to impossible to get enough seats if 
they came in close to start time. So the entire crew ended 
up sitting around the theater lobby for an hour, eliciting a 
large number of stares, especially the three Akuneko. 

Sasami and Mihoshi were busy playing video games, the blonde 
had collected small number of predominantly male watchers. 
Rakkan was watching the various strangers with an almost 
paranoid fervor. The Akuneko warrior was decidedly 
uncomfortable what with Kiyone and five nobles to keep an 
eye on. Rikyu and Kiyone were sitting together, mostly just 
relaxing, but at least partially praying that Mihoshi didn't 
do anything they'd have to clean up. Karya was sitting a 
little ways from Kiyone looking rather nervous. Ayeka was 
sitting with Tenchi across from Kiyone and Rikyu. Ryoko 
floating off to the side, trying not to look like she was 
enjoying herself. As for Washu, she had the unenviable 
position of being officially Sasami and Mihoshi's 
babysitter.

When they announced that seating would begin soon the 
Akuneko easily secured the head of the line for their group.

"Hey, that's not fair," somebody shouted.

"Akane-San?" Ayeka asked as she looked the party just behind 
the Tenchi crew.

"Ayeka? What are you doing here?" Ayeka looked back and saw 
Akane, Ukyou, and their boyfriends.

"Hey, it's that girl from before!" Ranma declared.

"Onesan, do you know these people?"

"Guys, they're opening the theatre, can we talk later?" 
Ryoko noted. It didn't take much more than that, and soon 
they were all seated. As the lights lowered Karya turned 
towards Ryoko sitting next to her.

"Excuse me, Lady Shinku," Ryoko crimped her neck at the 
mention of the title and turned to face Karya. "Would you 
mind switching seats with me?"

"Sure, no problem," the pirate floated up and let the Jurai 
woman take her original seat. She then set herself down. At 
virtually the same time, Ayeka, originally next to Karya, 
turned to Tenchi.

"Excuse me, Lord Tenchi," she started. "I'd like to sit next 
to my sister, could we switch seats, please?"

"Of course, Ayeka," he stood up and let Ayeka over before 
sitting down himself. He and Ryoko sat down at virtually the 
same time. The space pirate glared at Tenchi as she noticed 
who she was sitting next to. Tenchi noticed as well and 
glanced guiltily away.

"Karya, I chan*.." Ryoko started

"Shhh, the movie's starting!!" someone shouted. Ryoko 
stopped talking and sat back in her chair. She reasoned that 
it was too late now, she'd just have to deal with it. Then 
the movie started and she willfully forgot the situation.

The Tenchi crew couldn't help but shift a little as the 
movie progressed. They kept reaching scenes that reminded 
them of the whole Kagato mess, especially that last sneak 
into the palace using a battle as distraction. Ryoko glanced 
at Tenchi as she recalled them standing in the Yagami 
corridors. Ryoko trying to convince Tenchi not to go and get 
himself killed, while also hiding the fact that she was 
slowly bleeding to death.

"...I'd love to go on a trip with you..." Ryoko's eyes 
softened for a moment before returning to the screen. Just 
missing that motion, Tenchi turned to glance at her with his 
own memories from just after his return to Earth.

"If you wait awhile, the carnival always comes back, 
Tenchi," Ryoko's voice serene as they just stood in the 
woods, holding each other. Then he, also, turned back to 
watch the screen.

When the movie ended the Masaki group quietly stood up and 
walked/teleported/ flew to the side and let the theater 
clear out before starting to leave themselves. As the other 
moviegoers filtered out the majority of the Tenchi group 
just stood quietly and reminisced. Ryoko especially seemed 
confused, glancing towards Ayeka or Tenchi several times.

"Well, the path is clear," Washu noted. "Perhaps we should 
get going."

"Yeah, catch you guys at home," Ryoko said, glancing at 
Tenchi and then at Ayeka before vanishing away.

"If you don't mind," Tenchi suggested. "I'm going to head 
off by myself also, maybe get something to eat."

"Oh its no problem at all, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka responded. 
"Well shall the rest of us go?"

"See you later, Tenchi," Sasami waved. Most of the group 
walked on ahead leaving Tenchi meandering behind. Kiyone 
managed to catch Ayeka a little behind the rest though.

"You are playing matchmaker, with Tenchi and Ryoko?" Kiyone 
asked, half in disbelief.

"I don't have any idea of what you mean," Ayeka denied, then 
she smiled a small proper smile. "But it's working." Kiyone 
looked at her as if she had turned green and then walked on.
