For The Love of Kiyone

A Tenchi-Muyo fanfic by Keiichi Masaki
(Keiichi_dono@hotmail.com, keiichi-dono@geocities.com)

Tenchi and Kiyone Masaki (did I hear a collective faint?
Good!), as well as the rest of the cast from Tenchi-Muyo!,
are the property of Pioneer and AIC.

Author's note/rant: This is my response fic to Dr. Tran's
challenge on the FFML, and to a similar one made at GenSao's
this weekend.  Ten-Kiyo fics are my stock in trade (no
apologies whatsoever to the RFFC), and so, being the High
Priest of the Temple of the Teal-tressed Goddess, it falls
to me.

(Author ducks rocks and bricks thrown by various RFFC
members bearing the words "traitor" and "heretic")

Well.... on with the fic:

Chapter 5: You Are My Lady

(Note: this takes place roughly six months after the event
in the previous chapter, making the date somewhere around
early-to-mid February 1999.  The other assumption is that
Tenchi had already graduated from his high school before
this series began.  And yes, I know the chronology of events
in this episode pretty much negates those in Watashitachi no
Yume no Uchi.  Gomen nasai, minna....)

 "K-Kiyone...." Tenchi's voice was strained.  "I c-can't
hold it much longer...."
 "Just a little more, Tenchi...." Kiyone's voice was just as
taut.  "Please.... move a little...."
 "Okay.... ungh." Tenchi shifted his weight.
 "Yes, that's it...." Kiyone's voice was gaining steadily in
pitch.  "Almost.... a little more.... a little--yes!"
 Tenchi grunted in approval and relaxed against the
dresser.  "I hate moving furniture."
 Kiyone stuck her tongue out at him.
 "Which doesn't mean I won't do it if you want me to," he
corrected hastily.
 "Flatterer," she said playfully.  She dusted off her hands
and triumphantly hefted up the framed picture that had
fallen behind the dresser--and necessitated the moving of
furniture.  "See, Tenchi?  Wasn't this worth the effort?"
 Tenchi smiled at the picture.  It was from that past
Christmas; in the picture, they were slightly buzzed and
kissing sloppily under the mistletoe.  "Well, I have to
agree.  You look so cute, what with that droopy little
Santa's cap...."
 "Thank you," she replied sweetly.  "Now, shouldn't we move
this back?  You do have classes today."
 He sighed.  "All right...."

 "....and so, when you look more closely at the patterns on
these leaves, you'll see...."
 Tenchi stifled a yawn and struggled to keep his eyes open.
The local college hadn't been his first choice for higher
education, but his last year at Okayama High had been a
hectic one.  For some reason the teachers became enamored of
the idea that their already-busy students needed a doubled
load of homework and studying.  There was a lot of
complaining, but it wasn't too long before they settled down
and got to work.  It wasn't too bad, really; if you just put
a few more hours into your homework or studying, you'd be
fine.
 Unfortunately, Tenchi wasn't able to do so.  After nearly
seven months of quite and peaceful nights, he still
remembered what used to be a nightly occurrence: Ryoko
glomping onto him, Ayeka getting pissed, Ryoko making a
snide remark, Ayeka powering up for combat, Ryoko responding
in kind, everyone else in the house running for their
lives.... he finished the year with a "B-" average.  Not bad
at all, but nowhere near what he needed to get into his
father's alma mater of Todai (author's note: Todai is the
abbreviation for "Tokyo Daigaku," or "Tokyo University."
That particular college is one of Japan's most prestigious,
and no doubt one of the hardest to get into).
 Fortunately, Nobuyuki had been quite understanding (he'd
had to live with the fighting too).  "Go to school in town
for a couple of years, and then try to transfer to Todai!"
he'd advised.
 In all honesty, though, he had grown quite comfortable at
Okayama City College.  Many of his classmates from Okayama
High were here too; the tuition here was drastically
cheaper....
 ....and, best of all, he wasn't separated from Kiyone.
 "....when we go on our trip to Kurashiki next week, we'll
be seeing some excellent examples of these plants...."
 Tenchi smiled as he reflected over the past six months.
 He knew it sounded corny, but they had literally been the
best six months of his life.
 Sometimes he and Kiyone would go out for dinner and a
movie, and end up at the karaoke bar until dawn (well, okay,
that was an exaggeration.... for the most part.... that only
happened once).  Other times they would spend the evening
aboard Yagami, sipping tea and talking while watching the
stars or coasting around the solar system.  And, during the
period of early autumn that Americans called "Indian
summer," they would sit up on the roof in the very spot
where they had started seeing each other differently, this
time deliberately curled close with a blanket and some tea
on hand.
 Being with Kiyone was refreshing and soothing.  More than
that, it was comfortable.  They weren't intensely
passionate, like some couples at the college.  They didn't
need to be.  Tenchi found as much satisfaction in holding
her hand or holding her in his arms as the other couples
apparently did in making out... not that they were adverse
to that, but still...
 There was an old song that had been a favorite of Tenchi's
parents, particularly his mother.  Tenchi had not heard it
played in the house since his mother passed on, but he
remembered the words to the chorus:

"It's the stuff that dreams are made of,
It's the slow and steady fire,
It's the stuff that dreams are made of,
It's your heart and soul's desire..."

 He'd always felt that song described his parents'
relationship: comfortable, quiet, affectionate, stable, with
the ability to say more in a glance and smile than in a
hundred words.  And now... he felt the song applied to him
and Kiyone.
 He loved her.  And she loved him.
 More to the point, he could no longer imagine a world
without her at its center.  Very soon, he would show her
this....
 "Ahem.  Having a nice daydream, Mr. Masaki?"
 Tenchi blinked and suddenly realized that the eyes of the
entire class were on him. "Ah ha ha ha..."
 "I'll take that as a yes," smirked the botany professor,
mirth sparkling in his expressive amethyst eyes.  He brushed
back red bangs from his eyes.  "Now, as I was saying..."

 "Don't take it too hard," chuckled Keisuke, slapping his
friend on the back.  "It coulda been worse... and at least
it was Himura-sensei.  You know how laid-back he is."
 "I guess..." Tenchi grumbled.
 "It coulda been Sagara-sensei," continued Keisuke. "He
never would have let you live it down, and you probably
would have had to bring him food just to pass the class...."

 "Point made...."
 Keisuke, however, was on a roll. "Or it coulda been
Kamiya-sensei.  High school kendo team captain or not, she
still would have swept the floor with you, especially if
she'd known it was her husband's class you were daydreaming
in...."
 "You're not gonna shut up anytime soon, are you?"
 "Hey, you two." Miyuki slipped into step with her friend
and boyfriend.  "Jeez, Tenchi, what's with you?"
 "Idonwannatalkaboutit."
 "Huh?!"
 Keisuke snickered.  "Our good Mr. Masaki here was caught
daydreaming in botany."
 "Shut it," hissed Tenchi, now obviously irked.
 "O-ho!" Miyuki sounded almost delighted.  "I bet I know
what you were daydreaming about... or maybe I should say
who."
 "I said shut it, Miyuki," Tenchi grumbled.
 Miyuki snickered, then said "Sure..." in a tone that
clearly said that she wouldn't shut up any time soon.  "What
kinda daydream was it?"
 "None of your business," Tenchi muttered.  He started
toward the Student Union building, then turned back to look
at his friends.  "You coming?"
 "Are you sure you don't wanna be alone with your
daydreams?" teased Keisuke.
 "Great, I'm surrounded by comedians...."
 The three of them headed for the Student Union building (or
the Japanese equivalent) for some lunch.  As they entered
the building, Miyuki glanced at the bookstore window, did a
double take, and yanked Keisuke to a stop. "Look!"
 The two young men turned to look--and immediately started
sweating.
 In the bookstore window was a Valentine's Day display,
complete with the requisite decorations and items for sale.
Above and behind the largest flower arrangement sat a sign
that read "Show that special someone how much they mean to
you!"
 "Oro..." Tenchi murmured.
 "You said it," concurred Keisuke.
 Miyuki rolled her eyes.  "Honestly, you two, what's the
big--"
 "Miyuki!  Guys!  Help me!" Toshi burst through the
building's doors, a look akin to that of a rabbit running
for its life on his face.
 "Toshi?  What the hell--"
 "Someone just reminded Natsumi that Valentine's Day is this
weekend.  Hide me!"
 Before the three college students could react, Natsumi
burst into the Student Union.  "There you are!" she called
as she grabbed Toshi by the jacket collar.  "We need to
discuss where you're taking me on Valentine's Day!"
 "But, 'tsumi--"
 "No buts, Toshi!" Natsumi dragging him out of range
effectively silenced whatever protests Toshi might have
had.  The three others stared after them for a long moment,
sweatdropping until they were out of sight.
 Finally, Keisuke slumped in relief.  "Wow.  Am I glad that
I'm not in that--" he gulped as he turned and found himself
face-to-face with Miyuki "--oh, hi."
 "We need to talk about Valentine's Day too, Kei," Miyuki
said dryly.  She was trying to sound annoyed but came across
as amused.
 For his part, Tenchi was tuning them out.  If he remembered
right, his and Kiyone's six-month anniversary would be
Saturday, the day before Valentine's Day.  In spite of his
reflexive reaction to the bookstore display, he was actually
looking forward to that night...
 "...daydreaming again, Tenchi?  What's Kiyone wearing in
this one?"
 Tenchi's face reddened for the second time that hour.

 Ring!  Ring!
 "Could someone get that?" called Sasami.  "I've got my
hands full with the beef pot!"
 "Sure, I'll get it," Kiyone acknowledged.  Maybe it'll be
Tenchi....
 Ring!  Ring!  Ri--click! "Hello?"
 "Kiyone?"
 "Tenchi!  Hi!" Kiyone's voice shifted from ho-hum to
chipper in 1.5 seconds.  "Where are you?"
 "At school.  I hafta work this afternoon; I should be home
around eight or so.  I just wanted to see how y--I mean, how
everyone was doing...."
 Kiyone blushed.  "How sweet.  Everything's fine.... oh,
how'd classes go today?"
 An embarrassed chuckle.  "Okay, except for biology... I was
daydreaming again..."
 "Really?" Kiyone's voice took on a teasing tone.  "What
about....?"
"Err.... nothing...."
 "Of course not." Kiyone's voice told Tenchi that she didn't
believe him. "I'll ask about it when you get home."
 "I gotta go.  Love you..."
 "Love you too..." Kiyone listened for the click before
hanging up. Sighing, she replaced the receiver.
 "Was that Tenchi?" asked Mihoshi, pausing on her way to the
laundry room.
 Kiyone nodded.
 Mihoshi smiled.  "Kiyone, you're blushing!  What were you
two talking about on the phone?"
 "N-nothing.... he's just working tonight...." For the past
three months, Tenchi had been working part-time at one of
the shops in the mall, as a cashier.  He claimed he was
working for date money, but Kiyone got the feeling there was
more to it than that.
 "So, what do you two have planned for Valentine's Day?"
 "....something...." Kiyone grinned.

 "....thank you for coming to Yôji's!  Please come again!"
Tenchi closed the register up and sighed.  "Finally, I'm
done."
 "Good work today, Tenchi," commented his boss, a stocky
middle-aged man with a receding hairline and cheerful brown
eyes.  "Oh, I think you'll want this...." He handed Tenchi
an envelope.
 "Thanks, Mr. Kijima.  G'night." Tenchi shucked off his
apron, grabbed his jacket, and stepped out of the small
coffee shop.  A quick glance at his watch told him that he'd
make the outside bus stop with several minutes to spare.  As
he walked, he opened the envelope and pulled out the
paycheck.
 He smiled as he saw the amount.
 Great, I'll have just enough.
 Ever since he'd started working at Yôji's Coffees in the
Okayama Plaza, he had been setting aside about one-quarter
of each check for a special gift for a certain green-haired
girl.  Finally, he would have enough to pay for said gift,
which Yoriko (who happened to work in the shop where again
said gift rested) had on extended layaway.
 "Good," he said to himself. "Tomorrow I'll get the rest of
the money, cash this, and pick up that ring...."

 "I really love you, Shizuku!"
 Tenchi blinked as he heard those words (hearing a strange
young man profess love for someone who doesn't live in one's
household will confuse anyone), then relaxed as he heard the
opening notes of "Country Road."  He stepped into the living
room with a rueful grin on his face. "Figures I'd miss
that."
 "You're late, Tenchi," Kiyone called out cheerfully.  She
patted the place on the couch next to her. "Saved you a
place...."
 "Thanks so much." Tenchi came around the couch and sat next
to Kiyone, draping an arm around her shoulders.  She
automatically scooted closer to him, resting her head on his
shoulder.
 On the other couch, Mihoshi and Sasami were singing along
with the closing theme. "Country Road, kono michi...." In
Sasami's lap, Ryo-ohki mi-yaed along .
  "So how was work?" asked Kiyone, squeezing Tenchi's left
hand.
 "Same old, same old," he replied.  "Did you and Mihoshi
hafta go on patrol today?"
 Kiyone nodded. "Yeah.  Same old, same old there too....
wait, there was one thing: this kid almost crashed his ship
into the asteroid belt." She chuckled. "But that wasn't the
worst of it."
 "What was?" asked Tenchi, squeezing her shoulder.
 "He didn't even have a pilot's license or permit!" She was
tittering by now. "He had taken the ship out to impress his
girlfriend!  W-we had to call his parents to come pick them
up.
 Tenchi slapped his forehead, a wry grin on his lips. "Good
god, how stupid.... I don't know whether to be relieved or
frightened that people off this planet can be so dumb...."
 "Be scared," Kiyone insisted. "It's safer, and anticipates
more."
 "Good point."

 Tenchi smiled as he climbed the stairs, an unconscious
Sasami on his back.  The little princess had fallen asleep
while watching the late show, and he hadn't the heart to
wake her.  Kiyone had gone ahead to get her futon ready for
her.  The two lovers shared a slow smile as he carried
Sasami into her room.
 Kiyone watched Tenchi tenderly tuck Sasami in; the young
girl immediately curled up under the covers, Ryo-ohki
nestling next to her head.  She left the room with him and
shut the door quietly before speaking. "She's adorable,
isn't she?"
 Tenchi nodded. "I wouldn't mind having a coupla girls like
her."
 Kiyone grinned at him.  "Tenchi, are you trying to tell me
something?"
 "That depends," he replied smoothly.  "Is there something
you should tell me?"
 "Silly boy." Before he could move, Kiyone stepped close to
him and wrapped her arms around his neck, and, a moment
later, her lips met his.  His arms went around her waist,
drawing her closer, his hands slipping to the small of her
back....
 "Geez, you two, get a room.  I swear, Tenchi, your mother
and I were never like that...."
 "Go away, Dad...." Tenchi murmured, his lips still
caressing Kiyone's.  They held the kiss until Nobuyuki
grunted and went into his own room.  Finally they pulled
apart slowly.
 Kiyone was the first to recover her breath.  "Talk about
this tomorrow?"
 "Count on it." Tenchi pulled her back into his arms and
held her for a long moment.  "G'night, Kiyone.  Love you."
 "Love you too.  G'night." She pecked him on the cheek and
went into her own room.

 Saturday night:
 In Kiyone's room....
 "What to wear, what to wear...."
 Mihoshi and Sasami began to sweatdrop as Kiyone, wearing
nothing but her skivvies, emptied her the contents of her
closet onto her bed and started rummaging through them.
 "Um.... Kiyone, I don't think you need to worry so much
about what you're wearing," Sasami said slowly.
 "Probably right," agreed Kiyone, now holding up a black
minidress for examination.  "But tonight is very special,
and I want to make it perfect."  She turned to face her
friends, holding up the dress in front of her.  "How does
this look?"
 "....it does look good," Mihoshi admitted slowly. "Um,
Kiyone.... just what were you planning on happening
tonight....?"  The dress itself only came down to mid-thigh,
and was made of a lace-like silken mesh; while not
transparent--quite--it left very little to the imagination.
The only time Mihoshi had ever seen her partner wear that
dress was that time she worked a short stint with the vice
squad on Kawamoto Prime.
 Kiyone laughed.  "Oh, don't worry.  I'm not going to wear
this.... tonight.  Maybe on our wedding night...."
 Mihoshi and Sasami immediately pictured Tenchi's reaction,
and shuddered at the thought of so massive a nosebleed.
 "Here we are."  Kiyone raised her choice: a knee-length
gray pleated skirt with a white peasant-style blouse, and a
slightly faded denim vest.  She started dressing.  "Tenchi
likes this outfit."
 "You never did answer her, though," Sasami mused.  "Exactly
what do you expect to happen tonight, Kiyone?"
 Kiyone turned to look at Sasami while her left hand
rummaged in the small jewelry box on the dresser.  It
stopped as it found the sought-after object.  She smiled as
she held it up: a silver, heart-shaped pendant on a gold
chain.  In the center of it was a polished Megamian sapphire
with the characters for her name etched into the silver
above it.  "A proposal, Sasami.  See you guys later!" and
she was out the door.
 Sasami blinked after her for a moment. "Mihoshi, is she
serious?"
 Mihoshi smiled slightly. "I think so, Sasami.  That pendant
she just put on?"
 "Yeah?"
 "Megamian women wear those to indicate their readiness to
marry their lovers.  She would wear that on a night when she
expected her boyfriend to propose." Mihoshi had to smile.
She'd never thought her best friend would be so....
impetuous.  Truth be told, she would be very surprised if
Kiyone wasn't with child by this time next year.
 Sasami nodded in understanding. "Ohh, I see.... but does
Tenchi know this?"
 "I don't think we need to worry about them."

 (Yeah, I know all you hentai-tachi out there are wondering
just what our beloved Kiyone-sama is wearing under her
outfit.  I could tell you.... no, you'll just hafta wait for
"Interlude: Make Love to Me," which will follow this chapter
almost immediately.--author)

 In Tenchi's room....
 "What am I gonna say, what am I gonna say...." Tenchi was
pacing back and forth in front of his mirror.  Deciding to
wear hadn't been that difficult; just wear what he had to
the party.  Figuring out what he was going to say to
Kiyone.... how he was going to tell her that he wanted her
to spend the rest of her life with him.... was another
matter entirely.
 Flopping back on his bed (softly, as he was trying not to
mess up his clothes), he thought back to the conversations
he'd had that day, both with his father and grandfather.
Neither of the older men had been especially helpful; the
reason for his inquiry had sent them a-stroll down Memory
Lane, remembering the happy times with their deceased
spouses.
 A sigh escaped Tenchi's lips.  He supposed he couldn't
blame the older men for waxing nostalgic about their lost
loves; in fact, it spoke well of both of them that they had
loved their dead wives so much.  Still, that helped him
not-at-all in the here and now.
 Or maybe it does, he reflected.  Maybe I don't need to find
fancy words.  Kiyone likes things clear and to the point
anyway, especially after having Mihoshi as a partner.  Maybe
all I need to say is, "Kiyone, I love you.  Will you marry
me?"
 There was a sudden knock at his door, startling Tenchi out
of his reverie.  Her voice followed. "Tenchi?  May I come
in?"
 "Come on in," he said before she could finish the
sentence.  Kiyone entered.... and for a moment, his
breathing stopped.  He had always thought of her as
beautiful, easily the most attractive of the girls who lived
in his house, and had told her this many times.  But
tonight....
 She looked almost like an angel.
 It would only be much later, when they shared a bed and
their first child was growing inside of her, that he would
be able to pinpoint what exactly was different about her,
that he would learn of the significance of the pendant she
wore.
 Kiyone smiled at him. "Are you ready to go, Tenchi?" She
reached a hand down to him.
 "Hai." He took her hand and rose from the bed.

 "Where are we going?" Kiyone asked as Tenchi navigated the
Corolla through the crowded Okayama streets.  Since his
graduation and subsequent earning of a driver's license (you
hafta graduate high school before you can drive in Japan,
which explains why all the HS-age characters walk or take
public transport ^^.--author), he and his dad had pretty
much shared the car between them, with Nobuyuki taking it
during the week for work but Tenchi getting the run of it on
the weekends.
 Tenchi smiled. "Now, Kiyone, it wouldn't be a surprise if I
told you, now, would it?"
 Kiyone mock-pouted. "If it's a beef bowl counter, Tenchi
Masaki...."
 "Relax.  Would I do that to my girlfriend on our six-month
anniversary?" Particularly if I were planning to propose to
her? he added silently.
 "I don't know," she replied in a teasing voice. "Perhaps I
should compare notes with Maya Rokubungi...."
 "I'll pretend I didn't hear that.  Anyway...." He turned
the car into a parking lot. "Here we are."
 Kiyone looked, and her eyes widened.  Tenchi had just
parked them in front of Okayama's nicest restaurant.
"Here?!"
 "I trust this meets with your approval, ma'am?" Tenchi
grinned.
 "Oh, you!" Kiyone was blushing slightly now, but she was
also beaming. "But how will you...."
 "I've been working, remember?  Besides...." Tenchi pulled
out Nobuyuki's credit card. "He said, 'Sky's the limit
tonight.... as long as I get a grandson soon.'"
 That made Kiyone howl with laughter. "Is he still on
that?!"
 "Hai, he is.  Then again, he wouldn't be Dad if he wasn't.
But tonight isn't about Dad, now, is it?" Tenchi got out of
the car, closing his door, and crossed over to Kiyone's
side, opening her door. "My lady, your carriage awaits...."

 "Welcome to Ryoji's!" The attractive young waitress smiled
cutely.  She looked much like a twentysomething brunette
Sasami, complete with twinned ponytails and freckles. "Would
you like to order your dinners now, or drinks first?"
 "Drinks first, please," requested Tenchi. "We'd like to
look over our menus first.... Kiyone, what would you like to
drink?"
 "Hmm.... a Cherry Coke would be good."
 "Quite right." Tenchi returned his attention to the
waitress. "Two Cokes, one with cherry syrup, the other with
vanilla, please."
 "Gotcha!" The waitress winked as she turned to walk away.
Kiyone raised an eyebrow. "Do you know her, Tenchi?"
 "I don't believe so.... wait, she's that really flirty
waitress that's Dad's friend." Tenchi shakes his head.  "He
must have called ahead and told her about us...."
 "Well, I don't like her winking at you." Kiyone was doing
her best to sound jealous, but there was more amusement in
her eyes than annoyance. "I swear, every girl we meet makes
eyes at you...."
 "That's not true!" he protested lightly.
 "Well.... okay, not the married ones...." She let herself
trail off as the waitress returned with their drinks.
 "Are you two ready to order?" she asked brightly.
 "You go first, Kiyone," urged Tenchi.
 "Such a gentleman...." Kiyone quickly scanned the entrees.
"I'd like the grilled salmon with lemon, please."
 Tenchi nodded in approval. "And I'd like the sirloin steak
with mushroom sauce."
 "All right.... one steak with mushroom sauce, and one
grilled salmon with lemon.  I'll be back soon with those!"
And she disappeared.
 She was as good as her word, returning quickly (at least,
as quickly as being a waitress in a popular restaurant on a
Saturday night will permit) with their meals.  Tenchi and
Kiyone set to eating, making the obligatory small talk about
how each one's day went and such, but blended in was serious
romantic talk.  Anyone who watched them could tell that they
were a couple on the verge of engagement....
 Finally the meals were finished, and Tenchi's mind was
racing once again as to exactly how to propose to Kiyone.  I
guess the simple, direct approach is best, he finally
decided, and he reached into his blazer pocket.  "Kiyone?"
She looked up, a soft smile on her lips.
 Tenchi's fingers closed around the small velvet box, and he
started to pull it from his pocket. "Kiyone...."
 Kiyone leaned forward, expectantly.
 "I--"
 Beep beep beep beep....
 "Dammit!" both of them snarled, loudly enough to grab the
attention of some nearby diners.  Blushing, they quieted
down, then Kiyone looked at her GP-issue signal/comlink
watch.  It was beeping in an annoyingly predictable pattern,
the signal for a minor emergency out near Neptune.  She
looked apologetically to Tenchi. "Tenchi, I'm sorry, but--"
 "It's okay, it's okay," he assured her. "In fact...."
 "Yes, Tenchi?"
 "This thing.... it's not that important, is it?"
 Kiyone was a little confused as to why he was asking.
Still, she answered, "Not really.  Probably just a busted
reactor or something.  Why?"
 "Could I come with you?" The words popped out before Tenchi
quite knew what he was going to say.
 Kiyone looked equally surprised, but the thought of her and
Tenchi having sometime alone on Yagami cheered her.  Maybe
he would have a chance to ask there.... "Sure.  Come on."

 "Here's some tea.  You kinda look like you need it." Tenchi
pressed the mug of green tea into his girlfriend's hands and
looked at her concernedly.
 Kiyone smiled wearily at him. "Thanks...." She took a long
sip, savoring the warmth of the bitter liquid as it slid
down her throat.  Setting the cup down, she sighed.
 The emergency had indeed been a minor one, nothing more
than the busted reactor she'd predicted back in the
restaurant.  However, the moment that had been fixed,
something else on that ship had fallen apart, and so on, and
so on.... all told, it was past midnight before they had
been able to slap enough patches on that tub to get it to
the nearest spacedock.  Kiyone was in no mood to pilot
Yagami back to Earth herself, so she had activated the
autopilot and now she and Tenchi were in her quarters,
recuperating.
 At least Tenchi held up well, she thought proudly.  While
not very familiar with the various systems aboard the old
wreck, he had been very helpful in running for tools and
parts, providing an extra back or pair of arms where needed,
and keeping her awake with backrubs and pot after pot of
tea.  She felt his concerned eyes on her, and smiled
reassuringly. "I'm okay, Tenchi.  Really."
 "Really?  Move over." Tenchi shifted over to the couch
Kiyone was sprawled across and began to massage her
shoulders. "Now, relax." He sighed. "I worry about you,
y'know...."
 "I know...." she sighed. "But Tenchi, you know tonight
isn't an isolated incident...."
 "I know," he said. "I'm glad you changed back into civvies.
It's a lot easier to massage you in civvies...."
 She had to smile at that. "Let me finish.  Tenchi, if we
get.... really serious.... this will be a part of our
lives."
 "I realize that, Kiyone.... and I though we were really
serious...."
 "We are--oh, you know what I mean!" She sighed in
contentment as his hands worked her muscles.  One of
Tenchi's many good points; he was a fine masseuse. "But
seriously, Tenchi, if you.... marry me--" There, I've
finally pushed it out in the open. "--you'll have to put up
with the part of me that's a cop.  Serving in the Galaxy
Police is my career.  More to the point, I'm good at it and
I enjoy it.  If we marry you'll be the most important thing
in my life--as you already are--but nights like this will be
quite common, and much as I wish I could, I won't be able to
bring you along each time.  In maybe five years ago, I'll
return to Megami to take up my familial responsibilities,
and life will be much simpler, but this is who I am now and
for the foreseeable future...."
Her voice trailed off as she realized that Tenchi was now in
front of her, holding her hands in his.
 "I know all this, Kiyone," he said softly, squeezing her
hands affectionately, "But I don't care.  Your sense of duty
is one of the things I love about you.... and after all
these years, don't you think I'm used to odd things and odd
hours?"
 "I know...." she said, squeezing back. "I just wanted to
make sure you knew what you were getting into."
 "Well.... I don't, not completely.  But that won't stop
me." Tenchi slowly pulled one hand loose and reached into
his jacket. ""Now, where was I before we were so rudely
interrupted?"
 "Right there is about right," Kiyone said brightly.
 "Right, right...." He pulled the small velvet-line box free
and thumbed it open.
 Inside was a simple but beautiful gold ring.  The stone
wasn't the largest Kiyone had ever seen, but it was a real
diamond.  Considering that this had been bought on a college
student's part-time job wages, it was quite impressive.
 Kiyone smiled. "It's beautiful, Tenchi...."
 "Kiyone," Tenchi said seriously, "I love you.   I love you
with all my heart.  More to the point, I want to be with you
for the rest of my life, regardless of where that takes me."
He slipped the ring onto her right ring finger. "Marry
me.... Kiyone, are you all right?" He reached up and started
wiping the tears from her face. "Kiyone, why are you
crying?  Did I say something wrong, or--"
 Kiyone shook her head sharply, tears still trickling from
her eyes. "No, not at all...." Her fingertips gently
caressed the ring. "It's wonderful.... just like the man
that gave it to me...." She smiled, her tears finally drying
away. "I love you so much.  Of course I'll marry you...."
 Tenchi slumped in relief. "Thank God." Before Kiyone could
do anything, he pulled her into his lap and settled back on
the couch.
 "Hey!" she protested lamely, her cheeks now the color of
Yagami.  She was also grinning.
 "Get used to this," he said lightly.
 "Well, if I must...." She shifted slightly so that she
could comfortably snuggle against him.
 They sat like that for a long while, each lost in the sound
of the other's heartbeat, until Kiyone stirred and looked at
Tenchi. "Tenchi?"
 "Huh?"
 "What exactly did you have planned for us after dinner?"

 "Dancing?  How romantic!" Kiyone watched her fiancé pop a
CD into the player.  They had had a light dinner of what
food was left onboard Yagami, and were now following up on
Tenchi's planned itinerary for the evening.  Since they were
somewhere around Jupiter right now instead of near the dance
club, they had to improvise somewhat.
 "Why thank you, Kiyone." Tenchi hit the PLAY button and
moved over to Kiyone, looping his arms around her waist.  "I
think you'll recognize this song...."

Kiss me, out of the bearded barley
Nightly, beside the green green grass
Swing, swing, the spinning step
You'll wear those shoes and I will wear that dress

Oh, kiss me, beneath the milky twilight
Lead me out on the moonlit floor
Lift your open hand, strike up the band
Make the fireflies dance, silver moon sparkling....
So kiss me....

 "I love this song...." sighed Kiyone, leaning into Tenchi.
 "I know.  I like it too," agreed Tenchi.  It was pure luck
that Kiyone had a CD player aboard Yagami, and it was even
luckier that she had this CD.  Say whatever you would about
the Americans; they made good music.

Kiss me, down by the broken tree house
Swing me upon its hanging tire
Bring, bring, bring your flowered hat
We'll take the trail marked on your father's map

Oh, kiss me, beneath the milky twilight
Lead me out on the moonlit floor
Lift your open hand, strike up the band
Make the fireflies dance, silver moon sparkling....
So kiss me....

 "Hmm.... I think I will," Tenchi said teasingly.
 "Silly boy, don't tease me."
 "I'm not...." Tenchi tightened his arms around Kiyone's
waist and met her lips with his.  She felt.... she
tasted.... so good, as if he was where he'd always belonged.

Oh, kiss me, beneath the milky twilight
Lead me out on the moonlit floor
Lift your open hand, strike up the band
Make the fireflies dance, silver moon sparkling....
So kiss me....

So kiss me....

 Kiyone sighed contentedly and leaned against Tenchi. "Could
we play that one more time?"
 "One step ahead of you," he whispered, and she smiled as
the track repeated itself.
 They danced to the song for a long time, holding each other
close.  Tenchi was almost completely lost in Kiyone when he
heard her whisper something.  He pulled back slightly to
look at her.  "What was that?"
 Kiyone blushed slightly. "Just something from my home
world.  It's a saying said between a husband and wife, or
very close lovers.  It's very serious; just saying it is
tantamount to a proposal."  She sighed and met his eyes.
"Arei tai yone ro komi, Tenchi-yon.  It means 'you are the
heart of my life, my beloved Tenchi.'"
 Tenchi smiled and gently caressed her right cheek. "That's
beautiful.  How would I say it back to you?"
 "The woman calls the man '-yon,' and the man calls the
woman '-yoni.'"
 "All right, let me try it.... Arei tai yone ro komi,
Kiyone-yoni.  Was that it?"
 "Yes, that's it...." Kiyone tipped her head back slightly
and pursed her lips, indicating that she wanted to be
kissed.  Tenchi obliged her, wrapping his arms tighter
around her.
 Finally, an eternity later, Kiyone's voice spoke softly
again. "Tenchi-yon?"
 "Yes, Kiyone-yoni?"
 "Make love to me."
 "Huh?!" Tenchi looked at her in shock. Not that the thought
hadn't crossed his mind--in fact, he had been doing his best
to ignore those urges--but still.... "A-are you sure?"
 Kiyone smiled. "Tenchi-yon, the first thing you need to
learn about Megamian women is that they never say 'make love
to me' unless they're absolutely sure."
 "And what's the second?" Tenchi asked lightly.
 "One step at a time, Tenchi-yon...."

(Don't bother putting in your hentai thoughts here; this is
where "Interlude: Make Love to Me" will fit in.--author)

 Nobuyuki stretched and yawned.  'Maybe it wasn't such a
good idea to wait up all night for them to get back...."
 "Then why did you?" Washu inquired, bringing him a cup of
tea.  Unlike Nobuyuki, she--and everyone else in the
house--had slept soundly.
 "I wanted to tease Tenchi and Kiyone when they got home.
Last night was their six-month anniversary, and I think he
was planning to propose, so I was expecting them to get home
late.  I guess I didn't expect them to be this late,
though...."
 "We're home!" The front door slid open, and the missing
couple stepped through.
 "Oh!  Welcome back, you two!" called out Sasami, emerging
from the kitchen. "Did you two have a good time last night?"

 At that both of them blushed, and started to say "Yes" at
the same time.
 "I'd say they did," remarked Washu dryly.
 "How wonderful!" Before either Tenchi or Kiyone could move,
Nobuyuki was hugging them both tightly. "I knew it!  I knew
it!" He directed his next exultation to the heavens. "Did
you hear that, my darling Achika?  We're going to be
grandparents!"
 "Dad, you moron," Tenchi managed to choke out. "At least
say hi to your daughter-in-law!"
 "You're right, Tenchi!" Now Kiyone was being nearly
suffocated by Nobuyuki's embrace. "Welcome to the family, my
daughter!!"
 "Dad!  You can let go of her now!"
 Nobuyuki finally released her, still crying out to the
heavens.  Tenchi caught her in his arms. "I guess neither of
us quite reckoned on everything that the other would bring,
huh, Kiyone-yoni?"
 "It's worth it," she smiled.  "Now, could you help me up
the stairs?"
 "Of course." And he swept her up in his arms and started
carrying her up the staircase.
 Washu sighed and smiled, shaking her head slightly as their
tired but happy voices faded from earshot (and as Nobuyuki
was now shouting his thanks to every deity under the sun out
in the driveway).  "Ah, young love...."

End Chapter 5 (finally! ^^)

Author's note (yes, more!): All righty, all righty....
In order:
1) The two songs quoted in this episode are: "The Stuff that
Dreams Are Made Of" by Carly Simon, IMHO one of the best
songs of a mature (as in having stood the test of time) love
in modern musical history; and "Kiss Me" by Sixpence None
the Richer, one of the better love songs of the past coupla
years.  And yes, I know, you're all learning more about my
musical tastes than you really cared to.
2) As usual, this chapter's title is taken from a song I
like.  In this case, the song is "You Are My Lady" by
Freddie Jackson, IMHO one of the best R&B love songs of the
mid-80s.  While I don't recall all the lyrics, the chorus
stands out pretty well, which is why I chose it for this
chapter's title:

"You are my lady
You're everything I need and more
You are my lady
You're all I'm living for...."

See?  That's just perfect for this chapter.

3) The "Arei tai yone ro komi" concept is lifted from Mugen
Tenchi Muyo, but since I write both MTM and this, I feel no
qualms about borrowing it, especially seeing as this is sort
of an alternate course of how things might have gone if
Kyoto had never shown up.  The pendant was partially
inspired by Benten's ceremonial dress in Lewis Burton's epic
Urusei Yatsura fic "Just A Dream," and will be explored
further in "Interlude: Make Love to Me."
4) I think that's it for now.... thanks for the C&C, and the
kind words, and the readership.  Keep reading, and
"Interlude" may actually be out before the end of spring
break!