For The Love of Kiyone


A Tenchi-Muyo fanfic by Keiichi Masaki
(Keiichi_dono@hotmail.com, Keiichi_dono@scifianime.com)


Tenchi and Kiyone Masaki (did I hear a collective faint?  Good!), as
well as the rest of the cast from Tenchi-Muyo!, are the property of
Pioneer and AIC.

Author's note/rant: This is my response fic to Dr. Tran's challenge on
the FFML, and to a similar one made at GenSao's this weekend.  Ten-Kiyo
fics are my stock in trade (no apologies whatsoever to the RFFC), and
so, being the High Priest of the Temple of the Teal-tressed Goddess, it
falls to me.


(Author ducks rocks and bricks thrown by various RFFC members bearing
the words "traitor" and "heretic")

Well... on with the fic:


Chapter 3: No-one is to Blame

	The three of them walked up the steps to the shrine.  Since Katsuhito
was in Tokyo visiting a friend for the week, the shrine would be
empty-and as safe a place for this conversation as possible, since
neither Ayeka nor Ryoko were stupid enough to damage a holy place.
	Once they were seated, Ryoko took the initiative (natch).  "Okay,
Tenchi.  Spill it."
	"All right..." Tenchi took a deep breath and looked at Ayeka and
Ryoko.  "Before I say anything else, I want to apologize for the last
two years, for leading the two of you on in any way.  I didn't mean to,
and I'm sorry if I did."
	The two of them were silent.  Tenchi was unsure whether that was denial
or concurrence, and he was even less sure that he wanted to know.
	He pushed on.  "In the beginning, I thought that I was falling in love
with you, Ayeka.  You were sweet and shy, and a lot quieter than
Ryoko--except when you got angry, and that seemed to be predominantly
Ryoko's fault."
	Ayeka's face lit up, and Ryoko's expression darkened, but Tenchi held
up a hand.  "I'm not finished.
	"As time went by, Ryoko, I started to see that there was more to you
than the capricious girl I first met.  I started noticing this after you
rescued me from Nagi, and after you gave up your ideal world to help us
return to ours.  I... my feelings shifted."  He bowed his head
slightly.  "I'm sorry I can't find a better way to put that."
	He looked over at them.  Ayeka was doing her best to maintain an
unruffled expression, but he could see the hurt in her eyes.  Ryoko, on
the other hand, had a smug smile on her face.
	"I'm still not finished," he repeated softly.
	Their expressions changed again, this time to utter confusion.  He
could almost hear their thoughts: Where is he taking this now?
	"But, as time kept moving... and as things settled down... those
feelings..."
	The two girls leaned forward, hope and trepidation warring on their
faces.
	"As time passed..." Tenchi paused, to try and gather his thoughts into
some semblance of cohesiveness.  "...and as your fighting continued, I
started to feel less like either of you were in love with me, and more
like I was a prize to be won."
	"Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka gasped.
	"You've got a lot of nerve," hissed Ryoko.
	"I'm not finished," Tenchi replied.  He took another deep breath, then
plunged ahead.  "For the past year, I've been trying to sort my thoughts
and feelings out, trying to see if my earlier feelings would return...
trying to make myself fall in love with one-or both-of you again.  It...
didn't work.
	"I'm sorry.  I'm... not in love... with either of you."
	In retrospect, Tenchi had been prepared for everything but the slap
Ryoko hurled at him.  One minute she was looking down at the floor, her
amber eyes struggling to hold in the tears; the next he had toppled
over, wincing from the sharp sting on his left cheek.
	Ryoko was on her feet now, glaring down at him.  "How could you?" she
hissed in a tear-choked voice.  
	"Ryoko-"
	"It's her, isn't it?" This came from Ayeka, who had also risen to her
feet.  Her face, as Ryoko's, was reflecting a dangerous combination of
sadness and anger.  "It's Kiyone!"
	Oh, shit.
	Ryoko slammed one fist into the palm of her other hand.  "I should have
known.  Of everyone here, she was the last person I expected..."
	"Wait a minute."  Tenchi hauled himself to his feet.  "Kiyone didn't do
anything-"
	"I'll just bet she didn't."  Ryoko disappeared from the shrine.  Ayeka
rushed out the door a moment later, her defensive field already
crackling around her.
	"Dammit..." Tenchi shot out of the shrine as well, his feet barely
touching ground or step.  I should have known this would happen.  Be
careful, Kiyone...

	"I'm not sure this will help matters, Kiyone," murmured Mihoshi as she
watched her partner throw clothes into an overnight bag.
	"Maybe not, Mihoshi," acknowledged Kiyone, "but this ought to take some
of the heat off of Tenchi for a while, at least."
	"You said that you were starting to see what they see in him," Mihoshi
reminded.  "So why are you walking away now?"
Kiyone stopped in midpack, and turned to look at Mihoshi.  "It's because
I... I don't want him to get hurt-and I don't want to get hurt either."
	"By Ayeka and Ryoko, or be him?"
	"All three." Kiyone smirked at her partner and childhood friend. 
"Y'know, sometimes I like it better when you don't have a clue.  It's a
lot easier to make decisions without you second-guessing me all the
time."
	Mihoshi grinned. "What're friends for?"
	The door to their room banged open, and Ryoko stood in the doorway,
glaring at Kiyone.  "You bitch," she hissed.
	"Excuse me?"
	Before Kiyone could move, Ryoko was across the room and hefting the
detective up by her shoulders.  "You know full well what I mean!" She
pushed Kiyone away and opened her hand.  A ball of amber light began to
form in her palm, and she thrust it at her adversary.
	Kiyone's reputation was well earned, however, and she hurled herself
out of the ball's path.  It slammed into the wall, leaving a gaping
hole.  Her roll had landed her on the bed next to her bag, and she
grabbed her pistol, arming it as she brought the barrel up.
A squeeze of the trigger and a lance of blue light streaked towards
Ryoko.
	Ryoko laughed and danced out of the way.  Before Kiyone could aim
again, she flew at and grabbed her, sending both of them tumbling out of
the wall.  By some miracle they hit ground unharmed, but Kiyone's pistol
was gone.  
	And Ryoko's fist was flying right at her face.
	It had been a long time since Kiyone had been in a real fistfight, but
instinct quickly kicked in.  (There was a reason, after all, why she had
won so many competitions at the Academy for unarmed combat...)  Her
right hand came up to catch Ryoko's fist as the left one curled into a
fist and buried itself in Ryoko's gut.
	Ryoko winced slightly, but grinned at Kiyone.  "Not bad."  It was
Kiyone's turn to wince as Ryoko sent an energy burst into her side.  The
impact of the blast sent Kiyone tumbling several yards.  
	"Oww..." Kiyone felt like Yagami had fallen on her, but she managed to
rise to her feet.  She suddenly became aware of a small array of logs
floating around her, crackling with energy.  Her vision was starting to
get hazy, but she thought she saw Ayeka standing a few meters away, a
smug expression on her face.
	"Ah.  Thank you, Ayeka."  Ryoko's voice.  "I must say, Kiyone, of all
the girls, you were the last one we ever thought would be a threat. 
Funny how things happen that way.  It's nothing personal--well, nothing
too personal.  I promise, we'll try to make this quick."  The pirate's
lips curved upward in a sardonic smile.  "Of course, there is something
you could do that would stay our hand..."
	Kiyone had a sneaking suspicion what that "something" would be, but she
grated out, "What?"
	"Simple, really."  Ayeka's voice.  "Leave Earth.  Now.  Never come
back, and never speak to Lord Tenchi again."
	It took Kiyone less than a minute to make up her mind.  "Forget it."
	"Suit yourself." Ryoko's eyes narrowed, and an audible hum of building
energy surrounded her.
	Kiyone squeezed her eyes shut, tears trickling out of them.  This was
not how she'd wanted to do... not when she was so close to... to...
	Goodbye, Tenchi, she thought, as she heard the shriek of Ryoko's energy
blast.
	And her eyes opened a moment later as she heard what could only be the
sound of energy blasts being knocked from the air.
	But only another blast could do that... or an energy sword...
	Her vision abruptly became clear again, and she rose onto her knees.  
	Tenchi was standing in front of her, Tenchi-ken in both hands and the
blue-white blade ignited.  His face was a study in grimness.  Several
meters away, Ryoko and Ayeka wore shocked expressions.
	Not taking his eyes off of either the princess or the pirate, Tenchi
backed up next to Kiyone and reached a hand down to her.  "Sorry I took
so long.  You okay?"
	Kiyone took his hand and let him pull her to her feet.  "Yeah..." Right
now her emotions were wavering between relief at her rescue, girlish
giddiness at being the damsel in distress being rescued by the dashing
hero, and irritation at having to be rescued.
	"Tenchi..." Ryoko's voice, amazingly, was now calm and questioning. 
"What are you doing?"
	"I should ask you two the same," Tenchi responded.  Kiyone's eyes
widened at the unexpected coldness in his tone.
	"Lord Tenchi..." Ayeka began.
	"Tenchi, don't you get it?" Ryoko's voice was almost desperate.  "It's
her!  She's the one who's causing this!  All we have to do is get rid of
her and-"
	"And what?" 
	All three women winced at the sharpness in Tenchi's voice.
	Tenchi's face softened, and he continued in a softer tone, "Ryoko, do
you really think that this would make me love you?"
	"But Kiyone-"	
	"The only thing she told me to do was what I thought was right.  If we
hadn't talked... Ryoko, Ayeka, we might have been here the rest of our
lives playing this routine over and over."
	"But you stepped in to save her..." Ayeka protested.
	"Kiyone's my friend," Tenchi replied, the coolness back in his voice. 
"Moreover, she's a guest in my house.  I would have done the same for
any of you.  The only reason I never interfered in your fights was
because you always did more damage to the house than to each other!" His
voice rose steadily as he spoke; by the end, he was virtually shouting
at the princess and the pirate.  After stopping for a moment to regain
his composure and breath, he continued.  "If this happens again... if
you two do something like this again... I'll have to ask you to leave."
	"Wha...?" All three girls blurted out at the same time.
	Ayeka and Ryoko exchanged glances, then slumped their shoulders in
defeat.

	The next two weeks... were very strained, for everyone in the house. 
Nobuyuki had come home from his business trip, and Katsuhito from his
friend's, to find that the normally boisterous-but-happy atmosphere of
their house was now very tense.  
Ryoko and Ayeka were extremely quiet, speaking little but saying much
with their eyes-particularly with poisonous glances toward Kiyone.  
Mihoshi and Sasami tried to remain cheerful, but most of the time their
efforts
flat.  
Washu only emerged from her lab for meals and stayed in there the rest
of the time, even more than normal.  
Most telling of all, though, were Tenchi and Kiyone.  They were doing
their best to avoid each other, to avoid doing any more damage, but it
was becoming clear that something was growing there, regardless of how
hard they tried to hide it.
One morning, during a tensely quiet breakfast (of the type that had
become all too common in the Masaki household), Ryoko slammed down her
rice bowl and chopsticks, glared around the table, and got up.  
"Ryoko?" Tenchi got up and followed her up the stairs.  "Ryoko, what are
you--"
	"You know," Ryoko bit out.  Her back was still towards him.
	"Ryoko..."
	She spun around to face him.  Her expression was pained, and her eyes
weren't quite dry, but her voice was steady.  "Tenchi, I know what
you've been trying to do, and I appreciate it... but things can't go
back to the way they were.  You knew that when you talked to Ayeka and
I, and I..." She sniffled, and wiped her nose.  "I can't stay here any
more.  Neither can Ayeka."
Tenchi was surprised (not by Ayeka's reaction, but that Ayeka had
apparently confided this in Ryoko), but this wasn't the best time to
show it.  "She told you?"
Ryoko nodded.  "Yeah.  Last night, Mihoshi let her onto Yagami to use
the comm equipment.  A ship from Jurai is on its way here.  Ayeka and
I... we're gonna go away for a while."
This time, Tenchi didn't bother to hide his shock. "You're what?!"
Ryoko cracked a slight smile. "Nothing like that.  It's just that... in
spite of it all, I think we understand each other better than anyone
else does.  Funny how that happened... anyway, maybe it's time we
started trying to communicate in ways other than throwing energy
blasts."
"Are you sure you want this?" whispered Tenchi.  His heart was running a
gamut of emotions right now.
"No.  But I think I... I think we need this.  Besides... you really do
love Kiyone, don't you?  Or at least you're falling in love with her."
Tenchi's cheeks flushed red, and he opened his mouth to protest, but
Ryoko stopped him with an upraised finger. "Don't deny it.  I can see it
every time you look at her.  You have a look in your eyes, like a
husband watching his wife."
Tenchi met her eyes for a moment, then dropped his gaze.  "I... I never
meant to hurt you or Ayeka."
"I know you didn't." Ryoko reached down and grabbed Tenchi's chin,
bringing his eyes back up to hers.  "My advice, Tenchi: tell her. 
Before... before what happened with Ayeka and me happens again."
She released Tenchi's chin and resumed her path up the stairs.

The Jurai ship arrived that evening.  As Ayeka had requested, the star
yacht was fully stocked but manned only by guardians.  
"Are you sure you don't want to go with us, Sasami?" asked Ayeka as she
and Ryoko pilled their luggage into the guardians.  
Sasami shook her head.  "I'm needed here... this is home, after all."
Ryoko gave Sasami a quick hug.  "Take care of everyone for us, okay?"
"I will," promised Sasami.
Ayeka also hugged Sasami, and then the two women straightened up and
made their good-byes to the rest of the Masaki "clan."  
Their last stop was Kiyone, who was standing beside Tenchi.  
After staring into her eyes for a long moment, Ayeka spoke. "Kiyone...
we leave Tenchi in your hands.  Take good care of him... because if you
don't..."
"...you'll regret it," completed Ryoko.  She turned to Ayeka.  "Anytime,
Princess."
Ayeka nodded and reached up to her forehead.  She, Ryoko, and the
guardians vanished in a flash of blue-white light.

"Kiyone?  Can I come in?"
Kiyone looked up from the novel she was reading.  That was Tenchi's
voice... "Yeah, come on in." Her heart skipped a beat or two as Tenchi
entered the room, and she smiled. "Hi.  What's up?"
Tenchi smiled back and sat down next to her.  "I just... I just wanted
to talk to you.  We... we really haven't since that night, you know."
Kiyone sighed. "Yeah, but there's kind of a reason for that." She
shifted around so that she was facing Tenchi.  "Something I haven't told
you... or them... although with the past few weeks, you may have figured
it out already."
"Go on," Tenchi prompted gently.  
Kiyone nodded. "I wasn't trying to get you to shun Ayeka and Ryoko..."
"I know that..." agreed Tenchi.
"But after we talked, I... well, I started seeing what they see in you."
Tenchi's eyes widened slightly.  "What... what exactly do you mean by
that?"
"You, Tenchi.  You're sweet, loyal, smart, generous... and cute..." Her
cheeks flushed red as she said the last word, and her hand flew to her
mouth.
Tenchi's smile softened, and he reached for her other hand.  "Kiyone...
when  Ryoko left the table this morning, and when I followed her, she...
she observed something.  She said I was in love with you."
Kiyone's face was a study in fast-changing emotion.  "She... she did?"
Tenchi nodded, his own face slightly red.  "I didn't answer.  I didn't
know what to say... but she wasn't wrong."
Kiyone's face finally settled on quiet hopefulness.  "So, is that why
they told me to take care of you?"
"I think so." Tenchi clasped both of her hands between his. 
She managed a smile.  "This will be interesting..."
'Probably," he agreed.  "Kiyone, I can't promise you a perfect life,
but--"
"Shh," she whispered, bringing a finger to his lips.  "No promises, not
right now."
"--I promise I'll do my best to make you happy, for as long as I can,"
he finished, unfazed by her efforts to stop him.  He tentatively reached
out for her, wrapping his arms around her shoulders.
"I know you will," she whispered, relaxing into his embrace.  "Can we
just... lay here for a while."
"As long as you want," he agreed.
They lay together on the bed for a long time that night.


Author's notes:

NO ONE IS TO BLAME

     "You can look at the menu but you just can't eat
     You can feel the cushions but you can't have a seat
     You can dip your foot in the pool but you can't have a swim
     You can feel the punishment but you can't commit the sin
     
     And you want her and she wants you
     We want everyone
     And you want her and she wants you
     No one, no one, no one ever is to blame
     
     You can build a mansion but you just can't live in it
     You're the fastest runner but you're not allowed to win
     Some break the rules
     And live to count the cost
     The insecurity is the thing that won't get lost
     
     And you want her and she wants you
     We want everyone
     And you want her and she wants you
     No one, no one, no one ever is to blame
     
     You can see the summit but you can't reach it
     It's the last piece of the puzzle but you just can't make it fit
     Doctor says you're cured but you still feel the pain
     Aspirations in the clouds but your hopes go down the drain
     
     And you want her and she wants you
     We want everyone
     And you want her and she wants you
     No one, no one, no one ever is to blame
     No one ever is to blame
     No one ever is to blame...."

     That song, by Howard Jones, is one of the reasons that I think
that 1986 was the high water mark for popular music.  Moreover, there
is a reasone why this chapter has taken that song's name as its own.
     No one is to blame for what's happened. Not Tenchi, not Kiyone, not
Ayeka or Ryoko. Sometimes love ends, and all we can do is pick up the
pieces and move on.  And sometimes we fall in love with someone else, and we follow our
hearts.
     As to Ayeka and Ryoko's reactions, yes, they're certainly extreme,
but well within character for them (rational or reasonable reactions don't seem to come
easy to them), and quite understandable as well.  When you're hurt like that, the first
thing you want to do is lash out at the one who's "responsible" for it. And as for their
relatively graceful departure, I'm sorry if you didn't like it. I guess I'm crazy for
thinking that those two are capable of acting maturely, or stepping 
aside gracefully, or doing what most people consider to be intelligent actions. 
     Sorry this one has taken so long. Blame it on finals and a ##*&ing
cold that 
still isn't gone. The next one will be out before too long.
