Season 2: Home Life and Shadow Plays
Episode 5: No Need for Argument

Outside the Theatre

   "Wow, that was fun," Mihoshi declared as they all
left the theatre. "We should do this again sometime."
   "That is an exceptional idea," Ayeka agreed, then
under her breath added. "Especially considering the
source."
   "It was fun," Kiyone agreed, then glanced at Ayeka.
"And educational, but we should be getting home. We
have the early shift tomorrow." Mihoshi looked at
Kiyone and slumped with a little sadness.
   "Okay, Kiyone," Mihoshi answered glumly.
   "Oh, I thought you were going to eat dinner with
us," Sasami noted. Mihoshi turned to look at Kiyone
with big pleading eyes.
   "Please, Kiyone?" Sasami echoed the question.
   "Please, Kiyone, I was going to cook a special
meal."
   "If it wouldn't be too much trouble," Ayeka asked
quietly.
   "You know," Rikyu started. "I've heard a lot about
Sasami's cooking."
   "Is it normal for Jurai royalty to do the daily
chores?" Rakkan asked Karya.
   "No," Karya answered. "But it certainly would be an
insult to refuse such an offer." By this point Kiyone
had her face in her hand and was resignedly shaking
her head back and forth.
   "Okay, we'll have dinner at the Masaki's," Kiyone
gave in. She didn't speak the rest of the thought.
"Probably a good idea to follow you anyway, with Ryoko
and Tenchi not around."
   "Yippee!" Mihoshi and Sasami yelled together, and
they began bouncing up the street towards the edge of
town and the Masaki shrine beyond.
   "Hey you two!" Kiyone shouted. "Wait for the rest
of us."
   "Sasami get back here this instant!" Ayeka added
her own reprimand.
   Across from the theatre someone else was interested
in the group as he performed the last checks on his
rifle. He was dressed in functional black clothing and
soon was scanning the street through his scope.
   "I don't know what the big deal about these girls
is," he said. "This will be the easiest million I ever
made." He picked the first target, traced along her
path and fired.
   "Ooo, what I cute toy," Mihoshi stopped dead in her
tracks to look at a giant stuffed cat bearing a
resemblance to the one that had been the cause of the
toy shop debacle. There was a loud cracking sound and
a small hole appeared in the shop window where Mihoshi
would have been. Everybody turned around to see what
Mihoshi had done now.
   "Mi*" Kiyone was about to yell until she saw the
bullet hole. "Rikyu!"
   "Already done," he answered examining the wall he
had raised.
   "What was that?" Ayeka demanded. Sasami cried for
Tenchi and Ryoko, Washu seemed step into a fold in
space. Rakkan and Karya placed themselves between the
force wall and everybody else. Mihoshi kept looking at
the toy.
   Kiyone turned around as a second bullet sparked off
of the force wall he had raised. This time they all
saw the spark of flame as the sniper fired.
   "What the hell?" the sniper yelled. He targeted the
blonde again, cycling off of the purple-haired girl in
the regal dress. He fired again.
   "Alive, got it?" Kiyone asked as the third bullet
ricocheted into the air.
   "Yes," Rakkan answered, and he teleported away. He
appeared behind the sniper mere moments later. The man
heard the teleport and whirled in time to see the
Akuneko punching downward. He rose the rifle up to
block the punch, but the Akuneko tore through the thin
metal device and smashed into the man's head. Then
picked the man up and teleported back down to the
street.
   "What is going on Kiyone-San," Ayeka demanded.
   "Don't drop the wall yet," Kiyone said,
unnecessarily as the police began to arrive. She
unclipped the communication earring again and called
down the Yagami. "Everybody but Rikyu and I on board."

   "Kiyone, can I have this-" Mihoshi was saying as
the Yagami processed the information and soon Kiyone
and Rikyu were alone on the street.
   "This is the Tokyo police special units," a voice
called out over the loudspeaker. "Put down your
weapons and release your hostage." Kiyone sighed, she
had always wondered how long it would take for the
Earth authorities to show up at one of their little
battles. Until now the space shuttle incident was the
only such instance.
   "Captain Kiyone Makibi of the Galaxy Police," she
called back. "This incident falls under my
Jurisdiction."
   "Galaxy Police?" the loud speaker returned. "What
kind of bull is that?"
   "Think we're going to have any trouble?" Rikyu
asked.
   "Nothing we can't handle," Kiyone said, she looked
up to where the Yagami hovered above the lights in the
night sky. "Hmm, just had an idea. Yagami bring aboard
myself, Rikyu and whoever is manning that
loudspeaker." The scene around them flickered and
suddenly they were in the Yagami's cargo bay with a
surprised police officer decked out in body armor. He
didn't lose anytime aiming his weapon at her though.
   "Okay, miss, what's going on here?" he asked.
   "Easy, chief," Rikyu said, holding his hands out.
"Trust me, you don't want to go firing off anything on
this ship." Kiyone reached up to her shirt pocket,
slowly, and withdrew her pen.
   "I think Washu might have even improved on
everything since the Akuneko battle," Kiyone
mentioned. She held her pen out in front of her
calmly.
   "Space ship, right," the cop said. "We have
magicians, martial artists, demons, monsters and but
I'm not going to buy little green men. And what do you
want me to do with that, sign a receipt?" Kiyone
pushed the top of the pen and unscrolled her
identification. "Neat trick, I have something like
it."
   "Okay, I give up," Kiyone said, throwing her arms
up as if in resignation. As she did the small round
form of her yo-yo flew from her hand and knocked the
cops weapon away. "Now, I'm Captain Kiyone Makibi of
the Galaxy Police. Somebody just tried to kill my
partner, I believe that puts the assailant under my
jurisdiction."
   "By the way," Rikyu added. "Most of us aren't
little, and none of us are green."
   "Captain," Kiyone turned to see Karya standing in
the doorway. "The prisoner is secure."
   "Good," Kiyone started to turn back to the
policeman, then stopped and looked back to Karya. "You
remembered to turn the brig off first didn't you?"
Karya bit her lip and stared at the ceiling, hands
crossed behind her back. "Nevermind," she turned back
to face the Tokyo policeman. "Now excuse me,
officer..."
   "Lieutenant," the man corrected. He was annoyed,
but definitely aware that he was out of his league
here.
   "Lieutenant," Kiyone said. "I'm going to put you
back down and then check on the rest of my friends.
Whoever that is will be looking at a nice long
sentence in a prison somewhere."
   "Don't have much choice, do I," he said.
   "Not really, no," Kiyone said. "Oh and Lieutenant,
careful what you ask for. This is supposed to be a
career ending nothing post, but I keep ending up near
the center of galaxy threatening crises."
   "Uh huh," the man said in confusion just before the
Yagami's cargo bay flickered out of his view.
   "I doubt our friend's in a condition to talk,"
Karya blushed at Kiyone's statement. "So let's track
down Tenchi and Ryoko."

Back outside the theatre

   Tenchi walked outside and saw the mass of police
outside, but didn't see anybody he knew so decided to
ignore it. He walked around the police block and
continued on toward the Masaki shrine. He was feeling
completely hopeless, and hoping to speak with
Grandfather. Things had been simple before Ryoko and
Mihoshi crashed down. Train, go to school, return
home, chores, train, sleep. Since then, however, it
had been one surprise after another. Recently the
surprises had been more unpleasant than pleasant.
   He liked Ayeka, especially when she let the royal
attitude slip a little, but he was finding that she
didn't like her as much as she might want. His
flashback to how relieved he had been when she turned
up alive after the Kagato thing had added to that
feeling. He was seeing Ayeka and thinking about Ryoko,
who didn't seem to care whether he existed or not
these days. Of course, duty would have him paired with
Ayeka, for many reasons, but the prospect did not
appeal to him. Then again, that aspect of duty might
have been what was bothering him to begin with. Maybe
he didn't want to feel forced into things, he didn't
want to feel that it was only duty bringing them
together.
   This wasn't the same as when he had thought Ryoko
was lying dead in some solar system somewhere. It was
worse she was there, right where he could see her, but
couldn't get any closer. He would have suspected her
of faking it just to make him more interested, but
Ryoko's cons weren't really all that skillfully
performed. If this had been a con she would have gone
ridiculously overboard. As much as Ryoko liked to
think of herself as a master rogue, she was not very
good at hiding her feelings
   When it came down to it, none of the women could
elicit near as much of a reaction as Ryoko could. Like
everybody else, he treated Sasami like an adorable
younger sister. Mihoshi evoked a little in the way of
fear and pity. What he shared with Kiyone was a sense
of dealing with other people's messes, she had
Mihoshi, and he had Ryoko. As for Washu, well
everybody responded strongly to Washu, terror seemed
to be the common factor. Well, except Kiyone, who
collaborated quite often with the diminutive
scientist, disturbingly so. Ayeka had a similar sense
of duty as his, and she, more even than Yosho or
Sasami, represented a connection to his Jurai
heritage.
   Now Ryoko, Ryoko exasperated him. She was one of
the most unconditionally loyal people he had ever met.
She was capable of incredible amounts of
self-sacrifice, as she had shown at least twice now.
On the other hand she was also one of the most
irresponsible people there was. She always had to
prove how fun and carefree she was, and in the process
she always managed to leave behind a terrible mess.
She tended to act on impulse without considering the
consequences, like robbing the bank of Jurai because
she had spent all their food money. Or else she'd push
to far in an effort to prove herself, like with
Washu's cave.
   Tenchi was still trying to rationalize his emotions
when the street flickered into the Yagami's cargo bay.
He stared about in surprise for a moment before
shrugging.
   "Okay," Tenchi said, speaking to the air. "What
happened now?"

Masaki Shrine

   "So, Ryoko," Yosho paused as he sipped from his
teacup. "The last time you came to me, it was a
request for training, which you've been lax in
recently, I might add."
   "I've had a lot on my mind," Ryoko answered,
irritably. Yosho laughed quietly, Ryoko wouldn't be
Ryoko if she didn't maintain a disrespectful veneer.
   "Beautiful night isn't it," Yosho noted.
   "Yeah, it is," Ryoko agreed, turning to look
outside. She always liked looking into the night sky,
it reminded her of the freedom she felt travelling
through space. Then a breeze blew through the open
doors of the shrine, and she shivered. "But it's
getting colder outside."
   "You don't like the cold, do you?" Yosho asked.
   "That's no secret," Ryoko said, irritably.
   "Your son doesn't seem to share the same problem,"
he added, taking another sip of the tea. He gestured
for Ryoko to help herself to the tea. She did, picking
the cup up respectfully and with the proper forms.
This snapped the crass image she desperately
maintained. The tea was good, not the masterful
mixture Sasami made, but it was good.
   "He's lived here his entire life," Ryoko waved it
off. "I've had two thousand years of climate control."
   "Ayeka seems to be doing fine," Yosho noted.
"Sasami certainly enjoys the winter, I doubt they've
had less luxury than you have."
   "I don't know why I don't like the cold, okay?"
Ryoko snapped. She hadn't noticed yet that she hadn't
even asked Yosho her question. He had started this
conversation before she could say anything. "I just
don't."
   "It is a very displeasing sensation," Yosho agreed.
"It calls to mind solitude."
   "Yeah," Ryoko shivered. "Like everybody's left you
behind."
   "It's no one's fault but your own," Yosho finally
said.
   "I don't want to see Tenchi," Ryoko snapped
angrily, forgetting why she had come in the first
place. Yosho smiled.
   "Who was talking about Tenchi?" the old Jurai
asked. "I was talking about being cold. It's no one's
fault but our own when we're cold in this time of
modern miracles." Yosho spoke the last with a touch of
dry sarcasm.
   "Oh," Ryoko blushed a little in embarrassment and
took another sip of tea.
   "I assume you still blame yourself for Ayeka's
choice?" Ryoko eyes snapped wide. "It's neither your
or Tenchi's fault. There is no way to tell that
someone is burning out, unless you are monitoring
their vitals."
   "She was there because Tenchi was there," Ryoko
accused. "It is his fault!"
   "That's you trying to remove yourself from her
path, and making Tenchi feel duty bound to go to her.
You're thinking she was there because you would be
there," Yosho countered. "Because she didn't trust
Tenchi around you."
   "So, it's my fault then?" Ryoko yelled, standing up
and dashing her cup away. "Defending your grandson?
Everything that goes wrong is my fault?"
   "Ayeka is responsible for her own decisions," Yosho
noted calmly, sipping his tea. "Neither Tenchi nor you
could have predicted what she did, and couldn't have
stopped her if you had seen it."
   "What do you know, old man!" Ryoko was floating out
of the building when the scenery flickered into the
Yagami's bay. From there it was a short trip for Ryoko
to the bridge. "What's going on Kiyone?" She glanced
at Tenchi across the small bridge and blushed before
scowling and turning back to the teal-haired
policewoman. She didn't notice Ayeka smile secretively
at the action.
   "Somebody took a few pot shots at us outside the
theatre," Kiyone answered. "He's in the brig right
now."
   "Isn't that enough punishment?" Ryoko asked.
   "It would probably be a good idea to learn who
hired him," Tenchi noted. Ayeka rolled her eyes and
whispered under her breath so that only she heard,
"Forgive me Lord Tenchi, but you are an idiot."
   "What was that?" Ryoko snapped. "I make a joke and
you accuse me of being stupid!"
   "Like playing with one of Washu's inventions was an
intelligent choice!" Tenchi countered.
   "Guys," Kiyone started, trying to catch their
attention. Rikyu was whispering "Bad idea," just
behind her.
   "Are you STILL annoyed with that? We all got back
alive didn't we?"
   "Captain," Karya said quietly. "Perhaps we should
stay out of the way."
   "We spent, I don't how many months, in alternate
worlds!!"
   "I concur," Rakkan said.
   "I gave up my perfect world to get us back!"
   "Ryy-ooo-kooo! Tennnchiii! You're hurting my
ea-er-er-er-ers!" Mihoshi whined.
   "Oh you would think that world was perfect!"
   "You idiots are ruining everything," Ayeka
complained quietly.
   "What was wrong with it? It had action, adventure,
romance."
   "Hey where is Washu-San?" Sasami asked, breaking
away from the tennis viewer headshake they were all
adapting.
   "It was an amoral, criminal....what do you mean
'Where is Washu-San'?"
   "She was with you guys wasn't she?" Ryoko added,
also forgetting the fight.
   "Oops." Kiyone laughed, nervously.

Outside the Theatre

   "Hey!" the few people around the spot of speaking
air jumped. "Is it safe to come out yet?"
   "AHHH!!! IT'S A GHOST!!!" The pedestrians ran
screaming in random directions. A head popped out of a
fold in the air, looking somewhat embarrassed.
   "Hey, where'd everybody go?"