Season 2: Home Life and Shadow Plays
Episode 6: No Need for Lawyers

The Yagami bridge

   It hadn't taken long for them to find an irate
Washu floating in a force field bubble on her way to
the Masaki shrine. After that Kiyone, now certain that
everybody was safe, attempted to drop everyone off at
the Masaki shrine. This was a not so successful
action.
  "I'm staying," Ryoko declared. "Nothing better to do
anyway." Kiyone didn't know what Ryoko thought she was
going to do, but she had her guess.
   "I don't...."
   "And I think I will be staying as well," Ayeka
interrupted her. "I would like to know what exactly
this man was shooting at his for."
   "Princess..."
   "I'd guess I'd better stay as well," Tenchi
responded to Ayeka's statement. Ayeka smiled, Ryoko
and Tenchi, still angry, glared icicles at each other.
   "There's no need...."
   "Captain Makibi," of course Rakkan had to put in
something. "I do not think I should leave you alone
with that assassin." Rikyu was leaning against a
bulkhead trying to keep from laughing.
   "I can take...."
   "And I think we should speak to Jurai about Earth's
general ignorance," Karya noted.
   "Perhaps, that would be a good idea," Ayeka noted.
Everybody looked to Kiyone expecting her to try
objecting again.
   "That's actually a good idea," the detective
answered the unspoken question. "But I don't...."
   "Do you still have that fighting game," Sasami
asked, with a bored but slightly embarrassed voice.
   "Yes, but...."
   "Oh, I want to play too!" Mihoshi piped in. The
pair ran off towards the living quarters. "I'll beat
you this time, Sasami!" The little girl giggled.
   "Not likely," she cheered, everyone had tried, and
no one had yet succeeded.
   "At least there out of the way," Kiyone grumbled,
though it was kind of annoying that Mihoshi was going
to be getting out of the work. Then she turned to
Washu and Rikyu. "Anything from you two?" The
red-haired Akuneko was virtually ready to burst with
laughter, when he tried to talk it all came bursting
out. This was much to his ladylove's irritation.
   "I've been wanting to test something anyway,"
everyone shifted back and forth and Kiyone hoped for a
moment that they would decide to leave, but no such
move was made. Washu looked shrugged apologetically,
though whether it was to Kiyone or the group she
didn't know. She irritably stood up and started for
the brig.

The brig

   The sniper sat up out from the floor stiffly,
trying to remember the sequence of events that had
provided him so much pain. He remembered bouncing
bullets off thin air and then being smashed by one of
his targets who had crossed a street and run up three
flights of stairs in under a second. The only thing
that kept the man from totally surprising him was the
odd sound that had occurred just behind him, something
like a rip in the fabric of space.
   Now he was here in an empty, futuristic room, with
an unsecured doorway. Or at least it looked unsecured.
He remembered something like a nightmare where he had
been thrown into a room like this and he associated
the empty doorway with bright lights and pain. He
removed a button from a shirt pocket and tossed it
through the doorway, what followed was an impressive
display of sound and fury. The button disintegrated,
even its ashes were destroyed.
   "Where am I?" He asked as the area quieted down
around him. He heard the sound of clicking footsteps
close by, shortly before he was answered.
   "This is my vessel, the Yagami," Kiyone answered as
she stepped in front of the force field. The man in
front of her was tall for a human with short cropped,
dark hair. She couldn't tell if it was black or just a
very dark variation of something else. His clothes
were more than a little ragged, he had been through
the door after all.
   "A ship?" the man said. "That explains the high
bounty on the blonde and that purple-haired girl so
what are you? American?" Kiyone smiled, behind her
Rakkan scowled at the human killer.
   "I think that I should clear some matters up
first," she noted. "I'm placing you under arrest for
attempting to murder a Galaxy Police officer."
   "Galaxy..." The man started as Kiyone continued
undaunted.
   "You have the right to remain silent as pertaining
matters to your disadvantage."
   "...Police?" he looked on the verge of cracking up.
   "You have the right to a legal representative, if
you cannot afford one, one will be provided for you."
The assassin began chortling hysterically.
   "Galaxy Police. That's a good one."
   "Do you understand these rights as I have explained
them to you?"
   "Oh yes," the assassin laughed. "I understand these
rights, so who are you really?" A communication
holograph appeared next to Kiyone, cutting off the
assassin's glee a little.
   "Captain," Karya sat on the other side of the
screen, whispering. "Could you please hurry, it is
becoming frightfully tense up here."
   "Well, bear with it for a little longer," Kiyone
suggested. "But right now I'd like to ask our friend
some questions."
   "Yes, Captain," Karya whispered quietly, glancing
nervously off screen. The holograph vanished.
   "About that lawyer," the assassin noted, a little
afraid now.

Yagami Bridge

   "Its a little cold in here," Ryoko complained.
   "It's fine Ryoko," Tenchi responded.
   "My fingers are turning blue."
   "Lord Tenchi, Lady Shinku," Ayeka snapped, patience
gone after several minutes of these little debates.
"Really, you two are acting quite childish. I'd expect
that from Ryoko, but really."
   "You didn't waste much time after Ryoko stopped
talking to me," Tenchi observed. For once Ayeka didn't
respond angrily, she'd already come to that conclusion
herself. She was surprised that Tenchi would bring it
up.
   "Tenchi," Ryoko gasped. "Ayeka, you know he's just
mad at me. He doesn't mean anything."
   "Oh, but he's perfectly correct," Ayeka admitted.
Everybody stared at her as if had just gone insane.
"Out of curiosity, you didn't just spend time with me
out of guilt, did you?"
   "I....like you alright," Tenchi muttered. "And
I...hoped...that something else would happen, but...."
   "Yes, I understand the feeling," Ayeka noted. "I
thought there already was...something."
   "This is crazy," Ryoko snapped. "She loves you and
you love her."
   "Actually, Lady Shinku," Karya began. Rikyu
flinched as she continued talking and raced for a way
to stop what was coming. "Part of Princess Ayeka's
purpose tonight was to..."
   "...let Tenchi down easy." Karya glanced at him
curiously.
   "Yes, that is it," Ayeka agreed quickly with the
pirate's son. "But apparently there is no need for
that. Friends then." Ryoko's jaw was working, but
nothing was coming out.
   "Yeah, friends," and Ayeka and Tenchi hugged, a
rather platonic manner.
   "But..." Ryoko started. "You...in the battle..."
   "And that's another subject," Ayeka noted. "I am
not this fragile little glass figurine, you know. How
would you like being treated like a small child all
the time."
   "She's only worried about you, Ayeka," Tenchi put
in.
   "Hey don't you defend me!"
   "When do you think La...I mean Captain Kiyone will
return, Lord Rikyu?"
   "Not for a while I think," Rikyu noted, missing the
Jurai's near slip. "Unfortunately." The two continued
watching the three-way argument build from there.

Yagami Brig

   "If you wish it," Kiyone opened another holograph,
a bored looking nekojin appeared on the other side.
   "Galaxy Police legal section," the man yawned.
"What do you need?"
   "I have a prisoner who has requested a lawyer,"
Kiyone informed the man, he revealed a mild amount of
surprise. He then began shuffling his papers.
   "Okay, what hospital is he in," the Terran
assassin's jaw dropped at the assumption of
hospitalization.
   "Well, he's in my brig," Kiyone explained. "Minor
burns, extensive bruising, maybe a concussion."
   "Is that all?" the nekojin asked. "Didn't this
prisoner even try to put up a fight?"
   "He's an Earth native, I think somebody paid him to
assassinate my partner and Princess Ayeka."
   "Oh a primitive," the nekojin noted. "That explains
it then, well Sol system is quite a ways from where we
are now. Would your prisoner accept a holograph
conference?"
   "Do you mind?" Kiyone asked. "He wants to know if
we can run this with your lawyer appearing by
holograph, it might be weeks otherwise."
   "And you can't do anything to me in the meantime,
right?" the assassin smiled.
   "Me? Nope, definitely not," the assassin looked
smug, very briefly. "But Rakkan here is an Akuneko
noble not connected to the GP at all. Ayeka and Tenchi
are from the Royal family of Jurai, they could legally
do whatever they want to you. Washu might decide you'd
make an excellent guinea pig, and I couldn't do
anything to stop her if she decided that. Ryoko is a
powerful space pirate, and she's recently been very,
VERY protective of Ayeka. Ayeka is the purple-haired
girl, by the way. Finally, sometime in those weeks you
might encounter one of my partner's accidents, which
rival natural disasters for fury."
   "I think I'll take the holograph lawyer."
   "Okay, he'll accept it," Kiyone informed the
sweatdropping nekojin. "I'm sending the file over to
you now."
   "Thank you, it shouldn't be more than an hour," the
nekojin yawned before shutting down the communication.
   "Well, I'll see you when they contact me again,"
Kiyone smiled.
   "Hey, what is the average sentence for attempted
murder?"
   "One moment," Kiyone opened a holograph to the
bridge and popped it around a few moments, until she
found Ryoko. "Ryoko, what did you go to jail for
exactly?"
   "Fraud. Why do you want to know," Ryoko asked
frostily.
   "And how long was the sentence?" Kiyone glanced at
the assassin.
   "Well the sentence was about a thousand, but I made
parole at seven hundred."
   "Okay, so you got off a year early," the assassin
yelled from off screen. "What does that have to do
with the average sentence for attempted murder."
   "Oh, I get it now," Ryoko disappeared from the
screen and appeared in front of the brig. The
assassin's eyes goggled, but at least he knew how that
"Rakkan" had gotten behind him so fast. "Listen
asshole, I was in for seven hundred years, not days."
   "For fraud?" the assassin sounded disbelieving. "So
how old are you granny?"
   "I'm not a grandmother yet," Ryoko laughed. Then
she turned to Kiyone, eyebrow upraised. "Am I?" Kiyone
blushed.
   "No, why would you be?" Kiyone quickly answered.
"If you'll excuse me, we really shouldn't be talking
without your lawyer." Kiyone smiled as she walked down
the corridor. Ryoko followed, floating cross-legged
down the corridors alongside the detective. Rakkan sat
down in mid-air and watched the assassin in the brig.
   "Is that all you wanted?" Ryoko asked.
   "I believe it will make him think a little, don't
you?" Kiyone responded. "The average life expectancy
around here is only seventy-five after all."
   "Well, I guess that's true," Ryoko noted. "Why are
you breaking off by the way?"
   "Oh, he asked for a lawyer," Kiyone answered.
"Shouldn't be more than an hour. He'll sit there in
the meantime with Rakkan glaring at him."
   "Letting him stew? I always hate that." Ryoko
smiled.
   "What's going on at the bridge anyway?" Kiyone
asked.
   "Tenchi and Ayeka broke up," Ryoko said, neglecting
to inflect the words.