The Knights of Summer
Chapter 1: The Diminsion Shift
By: Chibi_Kanji
Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi and Co. But I do own Zase, Mia, Scrap, 
Yin, and Max. So please don't seu me! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!

Intro: Okay, In some respects this is a prequel to the Kanji Series, 
otherwise known as Son of Ryoko. It takes place 18 years before the 
birth of my hero and yours, Kanji. If you have not read Son of Ryoko, 
GO AND DO IT!!!

	The ogre reared back, his face smoking from the fire ball. Zase 
held down his sword and watched the ogre fall to the ground. The fire 
orb on the end of his sword glinted and faded. Zase pulled back his 
black hair, letting the day's light reflect off his red visors. Zase 
was nearly blind so he had to use the aid of infered visors to help him 
fight.
	
The ogre got back up, and stomped towards Zase in a mad furry. A 
blast of ice from the ogres right froze the beasts humonges legs. The 
blast came from his partner Mia, carrier of the ice orb. The orbs wer 
magic items used only by an elite force of people. There were only 
seven orbs. Two of which served as lightning, and one was missing from 
time.
	
Mia was in her twenties, with brown hair and green eyes. Her skin 
was a pale white. But her lips were a full blood red. She wore a blue 
mini skirt, a white button up shirt with a red and white scarf around 
the neck. Knee high black socks, and soft boots. Her weapon was a 
claymore.
	
Zase was eighteen, with black hair, and red visors. His skin was 
tan, and he wore a black long sleeved shirt, denim pants, with a red 
sash. Leather boots and a cut off glove on the left hand. His weapon; a 
schimitar.
	
The two subued the monster and went on their way. Before they got 
the chance to leave they disapeared in a phase of blue light.

***
	Yin and Scrap walked into the town, dragging the unconcience 
thief on the ground behind them. The eighteen year old Yin was of asian 
origin, with tan skin, and hazel eyes. His hair was spikey black, and 
he wore a denim jacket over a white t-shirt. And a pair of green cargo 
pants. He carried a Rapier, with the star orb attached to it.
	
Scrap's skin was hidden by full armor. And a full faced viking 
helmet over his face. All that was seen was his red eyes. He was a big 
man about twenty five, towering seven feet. He carried two Katana's 
with a lightning orb on each.
	
They entered the jail house, and dissapeared in a flash of blue.

***
	
It was raining at the Masaki Houshold. Which did not stop the 
madness of each day. Washu kept to her experiments, making explosions 
every five minutes. Ryoko and Ayeka fought over the drop of a hat. 
Sasami played with Ryo-ohki. Mihoshi and Kiyone were out on a mission 
in space. Nobyuki was at work, and Grandpa was at the shrine.
	
On the Masaki shrine steps four blue lights fazed in and out 
leaving four people around them.  They looked around and saw eachother, 
and jumped back.
	
"Wait weren't we- Aren't you supposed to- WHATS GOING ON?" Yin 
yelled.
	
"Keep your cool Yin, we are in another diminsion. Obviously less 
advanced." Zase observed.
	
Not by the looks of that house down there." Mia poited down the 
mountain side to a small house in the valley floor below. It sat next 
to a lake. Over it floated a giant dome full of trees, and waterfalls 
cascading down the sides, into nothingness.
	
"I suggest we see where these stairs lead." Scrap suggested.
	
"Lets." Yin said.
	
The four made their ways up the stairs to see the small Masaki 
shrine. Tenchi stood in front sweeping the cobblestone path. When he 
heard foot steps he immidetly looked up. He jumped back with a scared 
expression on his face when he saw the swords, and Zase's visor. He 
finally put his head down and dropped the broom.
	
"We would like to see the master of this shrine." Scrap said.
	
"I'm the master." Grandpa slid open the door and stepped out. Not 
phased by the groups apperance. "You wish to see me?"
	
Zase explained the situation to grandpa. Adding that he didn't 
know where he was, or what he was doing here. Grandpa stayed on the 
same emotion. As if he had experience in things like this.
	
"Ah." He finally said. He turned to Tenchi. "Tenchi-kun go tell 
Sasami to set up two rooms."
	
Tenchi bowed and ran, stumbiling, and scrambiling up again. He 
disapeared in a flash.
	
"Well my friends, welcome to the Tenchi Household. It is down by 
that lake. The one with the red roof." Grandpa said.
	
Yin and Scrap left, Mia walked up and bowed.
	
"Thank you sir.." She then left gracefuly.
	
Zase turned around and observed his surroundings. Taking in every 
detail, every smell, and sense. Searching for advantages in battle, as 
he always did. Grandpa strolled up behind him
	
"You are truly a great warrior. But you lack in one thing." 
Grandpa finally said.
	
Zase did not look over, only asked. . "And what would that be 
sir?"
	
"Emotion."
	
"Emotion is for those with a past." With that last phrase Zase 
left.

***
The four were greeted by everyone but Ryoko,  who was sleeping on 
the couch. And Washu, working steadily in the lab. The clock on the 
wall said it was almost noon. Yin and Scrap went to their rooms, to 
inspect, and Mia went with Ayeka to talk over some tea. Zase explored 
the house with his eyes, and left.

Outside the rain poured rytmically, life cominced around Zase. 
Birds fluttered ten inches over the lake, and rose on a thermal back 
into the trees of the forest surrounding the house.   

Zase drew his sword, listining to the silent hiss of the death 
song. It traveled through the abyss of air, to meet its point of air. 
Slashing at lightning speed, improving his skills, Zase went on through 
training. Trying to reach the next platue. The blades song comminsed 
for the rest of the morning, afternoon, and into the evning. It finally 
ended, with a thrust, parry, and a slice. Zase stopped, feet apart, 
breathing hard, a bead of sweat fell off his nose, and melted through 
the schimitar's blade along with the ojther droplets of rain.

"Max, I know your behind this." He said with a final heave of 
breath.

***
	
Tenchi watched the new warrior from the upstairs window, indeed 
he was great as grandpa said. His skill greatly overshadowing Tenchi's, 
maybe even Grandpa's. Tenchi wondered where this man had come from, and 
why he had come. Tenchi watched Zase go back inside. Soon he heard 
footsteps grow loud, pass his room, and fade. The bathroom door slammed 
shut.

***

	Zase soaped up, showered, and swam around in the tub. Something 
was bothering him. The surroundings, the house, and the shrine 
signified that this house was primitive in nature. But when he entered 
the bathroom, he found he was on the floting isle. He must of some how 
been transported from the house to the isle, But how?
	
Zase got out, got dressed and headed downstairs. Dinner had just 
started, and everyone sit where they wanted. The foods consisted of 
rice, fish, and tea. Zase ate silently, observing his new "friends."
	
Ayeka, had fought Ryoko. Exposing her skills, she was talentled 
in martial arts. But mainly used defensive powers, such as force 
fields. For her dirty work, she used to robots called Azaka and 
Kamedake for offensive. They used energy based weapons, and had a low 
shield level.
	
Ryoko had a more spread out form of fighting, and no defense at 
all. Her speed greatly exceled anyones. And she used energy as a power, 
manipulating it into any weapon she pleased. She could also blast 
energy, and split herself into two. She was probably the only one there 
who could fly.
	
Tenchi had a massive amount of power, Zase could see it in his 
eyes. But he could not yet control it. His sword looked to be of 
anciant orgin, and was probably energy or laser. The way he kept it in 
his belt, signified he was a newbie with sword techniques. His body was 
strong like a farmers, and he looked as if he had some martial arts 
training.
	
Washu had no fighting skills at all. From her speaking, Zase 
guessed she was a scientest, who helped the group from afar. She 
probably invinted the isle in the air. That Zase had used.
	
Sasami was a mystery to even Zase, she had power but didn't know 
it. If she had known she could probably destroy the whole group. But 
she was to innocent too carry that out.
	
Nobyuki was a normal man, easily beaten on the battle field, and 
of no use to the group. But Grandpa was a great fighter, with years of 
experience, and the martial arts at his side. A real challenge to Zase.
	
Dinner went on, and afterwards Ryoko got drunk off some sake. 
Ayeka, and Sasami went to their rooms. Along with Yin, Scrap, Nobyuki, 
and Mia. Grandpa and Tenchi went out for a night training. And Washu 
went into her lab to work on her latest project. Zase went outside to 
see if he could get some training in.

***

	Max watched the world in his mind, he sat in an airship focusing 
on the one person he had to kill. He was in Japan, in a house withg a 
lot of strange women. His mind reached out to the rest of the world. 
Watching it move like maggots, awaiting their death under foot.
	
In one instant Max could wipe them out, being able to focus in on 
other people and read their minds with his mind helped. But now he had 
something more. Something that would finally bring back his people, 
Mia's people. The Xirens.
	
On the hilt of his axe gleamed the lost orb. He had found it in 
the last diminsion. It had power beyond power. It could focus in and 
tap into the other orbs power. It could transport itself and the other 
orbs to all the other diminsions. And it had the power Max had been 
searching for, the power to even the playing field of the Xirens and 
the Dessert Bandits decendants.

***

It had stopped raining.

Zase watched Grandpa and Tenchi practice, catouloging their 
technique. Each had a special nich to be beaten. But they were hidden 
by speed and experience. Tenchi could dodge attacks very well, and his 
stregnth with the sword was very polished but he lacked in knowledge of 
his opponant. And had no experience backing him up. Grandpa flowed 
through his motions, and had mastered every detail of the sword. But 
over the years of age he had become weaker, and slower. But he could 
still match the skill of Zase and Tenchi.
	
The two stopped, Tenchi heaving his breath hevily. Grandpa turned 
to Zase.
	
"Would you like to spar?" Grandpa asked politly.
	
"Which one of you?" Zase asked.
	
"I am a good match for you." Grandpa said throwing Zase a wooden 
training sword.
	
"Wait grandpa I'll take him." Tenchi looked his opponant in the 
eyes. Searching for a weakness.
	
Zase readied his sword, Tenchi did the same. Zase quickly 
recollected his data on Tenchi and justified his strategy. Tenchi 
lunged, Zase spun around Tenchi and jabed him in the back. Tenchi spun 
on his heel fast enough to block an on coming slash. But did not 
anticipate the thrust and jab. Tenchi stumbled back and regained 
compusure. Zase let his sword down and stood straight. Tenchi darted 
forward, sword ready to slash. Zase flipped over the boy as he came 
into range, and quickly spun around to slash Tenchi's side. Tenchi 
jabed, sliced, jabed again, parried, and blocked. Each attack was 
eaither evaded or blocked by Zase. Zase adminstered the final jab to 
Tenchi's sword arm. Tenchi dropped the sword.
	
Grandpa clapped and stepped forward. "Very good Tenchi-kun. You 
did good for your first taste of a real warrior." Grandpa turned to 
Zase. "And you. Very fast, and very accurate. A mark of a true 
swordsman." His eyes glinted towards the schimitar on his back. "Very 
fast indeed, even with the heavy equipment, you still managed to match 
the speed of my grandson."
	
"Thank you sir." Zase said. "Well it's late, I'm going inside."

*** 

		Yin awoke to see a blurred image of a woman floating above 
him. He suddenly realized who it was. "Ryoko!." Yin pulled his blankets 
over his shoulders. It wasn't a big deal. Only his shirt was off.

	Ryoko chuckled. "Hehe. I was just checking to see if you were 
alive. You missed breakfast."

	"Ah damn, I was supposed to train with Zase." Yin threw off the 
covers and grabbed for his white shirt, and denim jacket. As he got 
them on Ryoko held his sword to him.

	"Here's your sword sweetie." She said with a devious smile.

	Yin snatched his sword and left the room, leaving Ryoko floating 
above the unmade bed. She smiled even more deviously. Yin shot back 
into the room.

	"Don't you dare mess with my bed again. I didn't like the feel of 
those metal tenticals." Yin shot a glare at Ryoko.

	Ryoko hid her black leather suit behind her back and wistled 
innocantly. Yin left the room, and went into the kitchen and grabbed 
some sake. After two swigs he strolled out into the brisk morning. Zase 
and Scrap were in the middle of a duel. Zase of course was winning. Mia 
stood by Ayeka and Sasami watching intently.

	Ryoko appeared next to Yin, but was drawn in by the battle 
immidietly. Her eyes flickered at Zase's every move, his rythem, and 
speed. Something she had never seen in all the galaxy. Zase made all 
his stats come together to make one solid form of movements. Ryoko knew 
she would have to try herself against this form one day. But she needed 
more training.

	"Good Morning, oops I mean noon Yin." Mia said playfully. "Still 
in your addolessent sleeping stage I see."

	Yin rubbed the back of his neck and smiled shyly. "Uh Sorry about 
that. Long day yesterday."
	"Sir Yin, I have a message from Tenchi." Ayeka informed.

	"Lay it on me." Yin said.

	"He requiers your presence at the shrine." Ayeka said.

	"Ok. Come on Mia." Yin said starting to leave.

	"No, He only wants you." Ayeka said suspiciously.
