Kotetsu Verite - Chapter 5 : "Phase two - two

Palace

"My lord, Reports show that Tsunami has came out off
subspace and is headed to the palace under guard from
the battleships that were stationed on the farside of
Juri."

"Good, have we been able to raise it yet?"

"Yes my lord, Lord Tenchi is aboard it and is visiting
some sights on Juri with his daughter."

*What is that boy up to.*  "Did he say anything else?"

"Yes my lord, he said he was sorry for not informing
us ahead of time that he was going to be doing this
and he'll be leaving in a few minutes."

"Tell him that is ok, and to have a nice trip back."
*That boy is up to something and I know it*

"Yes my lord."

On board Tsunami

Tenchi "I don't think he believes it."

Tsunami "I don't see why not."

"That man doesn't like me he wouldn't let something
like that go that easy."

"Hmmm"

The treeship Tsunami folded out of orbit.

Experimental docking slip Alpha-Delta-343

"Yo Rensi"

"Yeah Genoni, what do you want?"

"What did you think you were doing making that ship?"
Genoni said pointing to the undersized battleship
(oversized battlecruiser).

"Oh that, well I keep remembering about that the
dreadnought constructions were coming. So...."

"So what?"

"So I made a scaled down model of one and gave it the
firepower of a superdreadnought." He put up a screen
that had a layout of the weapon systems. 4 x light, 1
x med, 2 x heavy torpedoes, 48 x med, 8 x heavy
lazers, 2 x grazers, and to top it all off one heavy
Plasma canon.

"Nnnnnnnnnnaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnniiiiiiiiiii!!!!!!!!!!?
 You gave that little ship that much firepower?"

"Yes but there was a problem with space so I had to
cut all of its defenses and most armor to get it to
fit in."

"So what your saying is that it has a monster punch
but it has a glass jaw?"

"Kind of."

"Baka"

"Hey it sounded like a good idea at first.  Hell if
you could get it some kind of defense it would be
almost unstoppable. No problems with power supply
either."

"Yeah right, well lets look at what it can d......" at
that moment alarms when off everywhere. Before they
could do anything all power except lifesupport went
out.  All communication was jammed and what made it
worse is that they were the only ones at that docking
slip scheduled to be there for the next 2 years.  They
didn't see who it was that took the ship but one thing
they did see scared them.  8 guardian logs and they
were dark not light in color.  The ship left the slip
and was getting ready to fold when the power came back
up.  They tried to fire on the ship with torpedoes but
each were picked off as they were launched.  The ship
banked up to show its top.

"Oh goddess help us." sad Rensi

"What?"

"That ship can fire all its weapons directly above and
below it." as he spoke every weapon fired ( all but
the 4 light torpedos only because they have a minimum
firing range of 2 light seconds for controled flight
under that its balistic. Straight ahead of the ship.)
All of the docking slip except the living quarters,
mess, sickbay, and rec room was destroyed.

"And to think."

"What surprises do you have for me now?"

"That was with training rounds and energy settings at
low"

"Oh god what did you do."

Palace

"Get me the commander of the task group 647-Alpha!"
Screamed Azusa.

"My lord, you wanted me?"

"Yes, I want you down on that planet Earth and bring
my daughters back now!!!!!"

"Yes my lord."

"If anyone tries to stop you arrest them.  Also bring
that son of mine too."

"As you wish my lord"