Tenchi and all associated characters are the property
of AIC and Pioneer LDC. I don’t own any rights to them
at all. Any other characters are property of their
respective copyright holders, not me.

Command deck of the lead ship of task group 647-Alpha

Ayeka Jurai was one piss-off woman.  "Where are my
friends at?"

"In the brig as per orders of the emperor"

"I demand you release them at once."

"I cannot comply your highness.  The emperor has left
strict instructions that they be put in holding cells
tell we get back. And not to let you, Sasami, or Yosho
near them tell we get back.  As a matter of fact place
the princess under house arrest as per orders of the
emperor"

------------------------------------------------

Day 7

Tenchi walked up to the front door with a smile on his
face.

*Won't they be surprise, hell I'm surprise at all I
have done in the last 6 days.*

He open the door

"Tadaima" he stated.

*I wonder where everyone is at*

He looked around and didn't see anyone, the t.v. was
off he went to the kitchen and saw

broken dishes and the food still on the plates

*Oh, no*

He then run all through the house calling everyone's
name while checking the rooms and Washu's

lab room which wasn't there when he open the door. He
then teleported to the shrine

"Grandpa"

But to no avail, nobody was home or the shrine.

*Where is everyone?*

He then went to the cave.

"Ryoko!"

"Tenchi, is that you?" he heard

"Ryoko?" She phased to the outside of the cave on
seeing Tenchi she jumped to him and broke down

crying.

"Ryoko, what's wrong, where is everyone? Why is the
house a mess?"

"They.......they" sniffing "They took everyone!"

"Who, Where?"

"Jurai! mom told me to hide in the cave until you came
back when they showed up, They came in battle

ships, they force everyone to go with them".

"Ok, well come with me to the house"

"Huh?"

"We need to clean it up plus it will allow us time to
think on what we are going to do"

"Well ok, Tenchi"

They walked to the house and Ryoko explained to Tenchi
what happened when the Jurain forces showed up

and how they had treated each of them. She also
explained, how Ryo-ohki and her mom relayed to her
what

they saw and heard until they were out of range of
their links.

"hmm, thank goodness that both you and Washu reacted
quickly and rationally or it would have been messy."
By this time Ryoko finally notice Tenchi's look.  He
was older looking, his short hair was now down the
small of his back.  He also was now three inches
taller than her and seemed to be solid not the skinny
kid from before.

"Ah Tenchi?"

"Yes?"

"You look completely different. What happened to you?"

"After we take care of the house I'll explain
everything to you.  I'll answer any questions you have
at that time. So let's get the kitchen cleaned up
first then I'll show you what else we need to do."
The kitchen only took ten minutes and then they went
upstairs.  "Here take this to your room and hit the
green button.  Once it opens put everything in it,
clothes, shoes, books, etc... after your done hit the
black button meet me outside. Ok?"

"Sure, whatever."  Ryoko went to her room and did as
he had said and pushed the green button.  Out of
nowhere a standing wall locker (those that have been
in military now what I'm talking about) appeared.  She
opened it and started to hang up her stuff. Just as
she thought there wasn't any more room to put stuff in
there seemed to suddenly be more space to put more
stuff.  Half and hour later she finished her room and
closed the locker and pushed the black button.  The
locker phased out. *now that would have been strange
if I didn't know Washu*  She then joined Tenchi
outside like he had told her to.

"Done?"

"Yes"

"Good, lets go." with that he put up his left hand.
There was a faint dark glow from his hand and their
surroundings blurred. When everything cleared they
were on the command deck of a tree ship.

"Tenchi where are we?

"On my and May's new ship."

"Wh...what? where is " Before she could finish her
question a voice came from behind her.

"Mama? Mama Oko?" Ryoko spun around "It is mama Oko.
Nana its mama Oko come quick." Mayuka's tiara flashed
and she phased out and phased into Ryoko's arms. She
started to hug her as hard as her little arms could.
"I missed you mama I really did miss you, so did
Dada."  After five minutes Ryoko put her down.

"Let me take a look at you."  Ryoko took a good look
at May.  *she looks like she is six but* her eyes
flashed confusion.  Tenchi saw this and explained.

"She is six Ryoko, For us its been six years even
though its only been seven days for you. Since we left
that day. That's why I look older and why she is
older"

"I don't understand how? where? when?"  Tenchi got the
ship under way and spent the next two hours filling
her in on the basics of what has happened.  "I'll fill
you in on this ship, let's take a walk and I'll show
you it."

"Whatever, there is no way this can get stranger than
it already is."
-----------------------------------

Experimental docking slip Alpha-Delta-343

"Yo Rensi"

"Yeah Genoni, what do you want?"

"I found this old list of extra supplies and weapons."

"And?"

"And it seems someone forgot to tell me about some
things on that ships that he built.  I can account for
the stuff you said before (layout of the weapon
systems. 4 x light, 1 x med, 2 x heavy torpedoes, 48 x
med, 8 x heavy lasers, 2 x grazers, and to top it all
off one heavy Plasma canon) So where is the rest of
this stuff on this list?"

"It's all in there minus the armor."

"But, But you said only this stuff was there."

"No I never said that was only what was in there you
assumed that was all that was in it. I only showed you
what was active at that time."

"So what you are saying is that. THAT SHIP has all
this STUFF in it?"(200 x capacitors, 25 x power
supplies, 2 x full super dreadnought E.W. "electronic
warfare" & targeting suites, 15 grazers, 10 h lasers,
and seven more heavy plasma canons.  25 x energy
torpedoes and one light D-CANON {the one in movie was
a heavy d-canon* this one is only good for cracking
planets*})

"Yep, and it all works.  To bad though."

"Huh?"

"Not even a ship tree like Tsunami could get all that
to work at the same time and keep control. That's why
it only had that stuff working."

"Thank goddess, for some favors."
-------------------------------------------

Ryoko had a pale look to her after he had told her
everything about the ship.  "...and we got it all to
work too."

"Huh, I lost you for a sec there.  You said you got it
all to work?"

"Yep, see take a look here.  See the way this ship is
made one tree couldn't run all this and still work so
we .."

"We modified the ship and added two more ship trees to
it." came a voice from the far side of the area that
both Tenchi and Ryoko were in.

"Nefirdyti, I was wondering where you were.  Come over
and meet Ryoko.  Ryoko meet Nefirdyti." Nef was a very
beautiful and tall lady.  She was two inches taller
than Tenchi with long white hair that was braided
(like the Amazons in that worrier princess show).
Each braid ended with a sharp hook (like a
"cat-o-nine" whip).  Her skin was a deep golden brown
in color and very smooth looking it also had a shine
to it as if she was wet.  Her eyes made Ryoko blink a
couple of times.  They were like a snake's eyes look
but they were grey in color.  Ryoko would try to avoid
her eyes but she couldn't, she was getting lost in
them.  Her build was that of a athlete, very strong
but not overpowering in looks.  Nef's clothing was of
ancient Egyptian in style. It consisted of a very thin
white silk for the skirt which went down to her
calves.  The top was the same material it came over
the shoulders and went in a v to her belly were it
attached to her belt on the skirt.  It did the same on
the back. She also had a all ivory necklace,
bracelets, and anklets in that style.  Around Nef's
right leg was a  ornament that seamed to snake around
her upper thigh down to her knee.  Ryoko couldn't see
the top of it do to the skirt but it looked like it
went up most of the way.

"Hello, Tenchi told me a lot about you and the others.
 Nice to meet you." she smiled and shook her hand.

"Nice to meet you too.  Two more trees?"

"Yes, it allowed us to separate the weapons between
two trees and use the other tree for e.w. and
tracking. Getting them to work together was the
problem but we got it to work after a year."

"Nef we are headed to Jurai, but we will be stopping
at Draxion 4 first.  Can you get everything ready for
it please?"

"Sure thing, and its been a pleasure to meet you miss
Ryoko.  See you both later."

"See you soon, Nefirdyti." Ryoko said with a smile and
a nod.

"I'll show you the baths so you could clean up if you
want."

"That would fill good thank you Tenchi."

--------------------------------------------

Baths

*Dam this place is as bigger than the onsen I built*
Ryoko looked around at the baths there were single
baths all connected through aqueduct.  Hot and ice
cold baths surrounding one big bath which all flowed
into.  There was a waterfall on the far side that
seemed to lead to another area but she couldn't tell
where.  After scrubbing she was sitting soaking up the
warm water when she heard some splashes other than
normal.  She looked in the direction of the noise to
see Tenchi under the waterfall with his eyes closed
walking out in the big bath.  He sat down to soak
still not opening his eyes.  *I'll just go over there
and surprise him*  She phased out and phased in on the
opposite side of the bath that Tenchi was in.  She
started to float over as quietly as she could.  When
she reached the half way point Tenchi all of a sudden
reached up with is right arm.  What happened next
almost caused Ryoko to have a heart attack.  The water
in the bath formed a hand and reached up and grabbed
her.  Then both Tenchi's and the water hand went under
water.  Ryoko broke the surface of the bath gagging
and spiting up water.

Tenchi laughing "Nothing happens on this ship  that I
or May know about Ryoko.  That's why I knew you were
there."

"That wasn't funny Tenchi." she phased out and phased
next to him. "Tenchi." she said with that seductive
voice while drawing circles with her finger on his
chest. "You now I've missed you while you were gone."

"Know, so did I." he reached out and pulled her in and
placed a lust filled kiss on her that made her head
swim.  She broke the spell she was under and started
to fill him up.

"Hey no fair, you can't have her to yourself now."
Nef walked out from under the waterfall over to them
(still in her attire but being that they were wet now
it was like it was not there anyway.

"Huh?" Ryoko questioned. but it was quickly forgotten
when Nefirdyti kissed Tenchi deeply then did her the
same. *What's going on here?*

"Ryoko remember when I said 'that to love me is to
love your sister wives as well?"

"Yes, but what does she have to do with it?" while she
was rubbing Nefirdyti's chest and Tenchi's back.

"Well you see I have been bonded to him do to his
actions.  So where he goes I go.  Who he love's I
love."  Nefirdyti explained

"Oh, so I will have to share him with one more woman?"

"That's about right."

"What ever as long as I can have Tenchi I don't care.

--------------------------------------------

Tenchi stood there in the master bedroom looking at
two very entangled and very beautiful women.  "Wake up
you two."

"N-No l--later let me sleep tired." they both said

"Can't we got to get ready"

"Five minutes more." they chimed in.

"Nope up," Tenchi reached out with his left hand and
like before it flashed dark for a sec.  The two ladies
phased out and back in above the baths and hung there
for one second then fell in the ice cold waters of
that section of the bath.  He then phased himself to
the kitchen to eat with Mayuka and Chio (AN:May is the
only one allowed to call Nana).

"Hello May and Chio."

"Hi Dada"

"Hello Tenchi"  Chio was nice looking woman very soft
looking.  Her black hair was sort it was kept in
Predator dreads (AN: its the only way to explain it)
She had white eyes on black.  She is every soft spoken
person and her personality showed that.  Her entire
world rotated around Mayuka.  Being a daemonetti nanny
from Maulges once bonded to a child like she was she
will stay that way tell Mayuka's 18th birthday.  After
that she may say around tell either May has a kid or
she is bonded to another.

"Where is mama Oko?"

"Well..." that's when you could here a loud scream
echo throughout the ship. "Hey they didn't want to get
up so..."

"TENCHI!!!!!!"
----------------------------------------------------------

Please R & R thank you