Kotetsu verite - Chapter 1 : "Kotetsu verite"


Disclaimer
Tenchi and all associated characters are the property
of AIC and Pioneer LDC. I don’t own any rights to
them. Any other characters are property of their
respective copyright holders, not me.

                                Kotetsu verite

        Late in summer at the Masaki household.  Its
been three months since the rebirth of Mayuka.  The
girls were doing what they always do.  Mihoshi was on
the porch sleeping like always.  Ayeka, Sasami, and
Ryo-ohki (kid form) were watching their love soaps in
the living room. Ryoko fell asleep in a tree while
watching Tenchi train.  Mayuka was with Washu in her
lab.

        After Tenchi had finished his practice for the day he
was walking down the steps thinking to himself. 'I
need to choose, but I don't want to hurt any one.  I
love them all but ....'
        "But what" said a voice.
        "Who? What? Where?" Tenchi spun on a dime looking in
all directions.  Not seeing anyone he continued down
the steps.  If I didn't know better that sounded like
Tsunami. After some thought he decided that she was
the one he heard but couldn't figure why she would
have talked to him on her own without him or Sasami
asking to talk to her.
        "Because I was called by you." Tsunami said as she
appeared in front of Tenchi.
        "When? I don't remember calling you."
        "Last night in your sleep you called me and asked if
I could help you. So here I am, what did you want my
help with?"
        "Oh. Iwantedyoutohelpmewiththegirls." tenchi said
under his breath.
        "Nani?!?!?!?!"
        "I wanted to know if you would help me with the
girls. I love them all but..."
        "But what?"
        "But I get this kind of feeling."
        "What feeling?"
        "I can't place it. Its like I know that they love me.
Hell they tell me every day but it's like a word, not
the feeling or the action that goes with it.  Also
it's like they trust me but to a point.  If they love
me wouldn't they trust me no matter what?  I trust
them but sometimes its like I can't.  I don't want it
to be that way." tenchi said with a tear running down
his face.
        "So what is it that you want from me."
        "Well while I was training with grandpa I remember
something that he had told me a long time ago.  I
can't remember the name but it was a test of love and
trust."
        "Oh the Kotetsu verite."
        "Thats it.  "
        "So you want my help in testing them?"
        "Yes"
        "Hmm,  before I decide if I'm going to help you or
not I need to know some things."
        "Ah, sure I don't see why not."
        "Good, first those that pass this test what do they
get out of this test?.  Second, the ones that fail
this test what will you do with them?"
        " I Hadn't thought that far. Sorry about that."
tenchi said with his hands behind his head.
        "Well, how about this.  You will marry those that
pass your test on the spot" tenchi's eye's went big as
he was hearing this, and those that don't you will
marry one year later."
        "Nani?"
        "Well that is what you wanted didn't you?  To marry
them all?"
        "Yes it is but..." he thinks for about this for a few
minutes.  Then he tells Tsunami.  "How about this.
Those that pass will be bonded to me and those that
don't won't be bonded but still will be married to me
but with out the bond."
        "Hmmmm, deal on the first part but not on the
second." now she starts to think.  After a while "You
will be bonded to all the girls but for those that
fail there will be a catch."
        "I'm listening."
        "You can feel and hear their thoughts of love but
they will not be able to feel yours."
        "Yes and No, they can hear my thoughts and feel me if
I touch them but if they try to touch me they will be
pushed back from me.  It should stay that way till
they have proven their love and trust to themselves
not to me but themselves.  As long as there is doubt
in their hearts they will not be allowed to touch me.
Ok?"
        "Have you done this before?" Tsunami asked laughing.
'I'd hate to be on the other end of a negotiation
table with him.' "Sounds fair.  Kind of rough but
fair.  So what do you need me to do?"
        "Well, first we need........." tenchi explains what
he needs and how he wants it to work.

Well I hope I got your Attention, this is my 1st ever
Fan-Fic so give me a chance. Hope you can give me some
constructive criticism! Please e-mail me at tutcat@yahoo.com