Tenchi and all associated characters are the property
of AIC and Pioneer LDC. I don't own any rights to them
at all. Any other characters are property of their
respective copyright holders, not me.

(AN: the lemon for the chap befor is labled Baths its
already up)

Nefirdyti

Nefirdyti  and Ryoko relaxed in the bath trying to
recover from the events of the night before.  After
awhile the two began to talk.

"So tell me how did you and Tenchi meet?" Nefirdyti
asked Ryoko.  Ryoko explained how they meet and about
all the adventures that they and the rest have gone
through over the years

"So how about you, how did Tenchi meet you?"

"That is a long story, its more about how Tenchi
became who he is now than how he meet me.  You don't
know this but Tenchi saved my race and thats how I
meet him."

"He did?  But how?"

"You see I'll have to explain my race and how it works
so you will get a better fill for the situation then
I'll be able to tell you how he saved it.  You see my
race has different classes and looks.  We have two
types of bodies one that looks like myself and the
other that is completely different its more of a
lizard man like look.  The latter are the bases of
what are race is.  The classes work out this way,
fighter, worker/breeder, and playbeing.   The worker
and breeders are the ones that have that lizard man
look they are the only ones of are race that can bread
more of ones like myself.  We on the other hand are
not capable to bread with our own race, but we are
able to do so with other humanoid races.  Babies from
us will have predominant features and abilities of the
the other race and only have our races eyes.  The only
difference between the fighter and the playbeing
classes is the ability to bond and have babies.  The
playbeing can bond but does not have the ability to
reproduce."

"So you must be a playbeing, right?"

"Actually no, I'm a fighter."

"But you said that ..."

"I know what I said, but remember I did say I was
bonded to him do to his actions." Nefirdyti  smiled
and nodded to Ryoko. "Now to continue, once a
playbeing bonds (they can only bond to other races not
our own) there soul purpose is to provide pleasure to
the one that they are bonded to.  There so focused on
that one thing they can not perform other task without
lots of concentration.  They also must stay within a
half a mile of their bonded one or it will cause them
to go into a depression.  Now for the fighters yes we
can have babies but only if we want to have one.  We
have full control over our reproductive capabilities.
On our side of the Universe our fighters are some of
the most sought after.  Same for the playbeings.   The
skill of one of our fighters is about equal to a
Jurian knight if not more because we are also skilled
fighter pilots."

"I still don't see were Tenchi comes into this"

"Ok ok ok, remember I said that our playbeing and
fighter were sought after?"  Ryoko nodded "Well
normally if one wanted one they would come to our
planet and bid for one of our services.  Trust me it
would be a hefty price for a playbeing most didn't
have that kind of money, goods, or service that would
be good enough for one.  And for the fighters paying
to get one then coming up with a suitable contract to
keep one hurt the pocket book plenty.  So one day
someone got fed up with having to pay our prices and
attacked our home.  We defeated them but it hurt our
population greatly.  We had lost over 3/4 of our
breeder and worker classes when they bombarded the
planet.  Because of this and because of our
reproductive cycle of one fighter or playbeing per 20
of the other.  It made them very rare which drove
prices to almost unreachable heights.  And its been
that way for the last 2000 years we have finally been
able to drop the prices lately because we are finally
back in balance.  That is when we were attacked again
but this time with a force that was too big for us to
handle by ourselves.  We put out a distress call but
everyone ignored us because if we were defeated it
would benefit them more that way.  Our fighters were
holding there own out in space and on the ground in
combat but were getting over run slowly. The fortunate
thing for us was that they were taking prisoners and
not killing us off once defeated.   We were on our
last stand when Tenchi arrived on the seen.  This ship
was amazing.  Even at 25% of what it is today it was
amazing on what it could do.   As it came into the
fight it's E.W. came online and fried most tracking
and radar in the area so our fighters shut down our
systems and only used reception catching the signals
bouncing off the enemy ships coming from this ship.
After recalibrating our systems to that we started
back into the fight only staying to the outside
portions of the combat area.  Within five minute all
but two ships of the enemy forces were destroy from
the on slot this ship put out.  Not once did they get
a shot off in its direction that was even remotely
close to hitting.  We just watched and cleaned up
afterward.  Once finished we all headed to the planet.
 The enemy had retreated into a staging area with all
it prisoners.  After some negotiations they were
allowed to leave the planet on a ship with there lives
and the wounded.  We were able to get back all our
people back both prisoners and injured.  Tenchi was
offered anything he wanted for saving our people.  He
original declined saying that he was just doing the
right thing."

"Sounds just like him."

"Thought so, but our people wouldn't have it.  So not
only did he fix this ship for him so it would work
properly at full power.  We told him that we were
going to send a representative of our people with him
when he left.  After he saw that we wouldn't take no
for a answer he asked for a fighter pilot saying a
playbeing wouldn't go over to well once he got back
home."

"Dam straight it wouldn't have.  It would have been
body parts flying all over the place in that cat
fight.  But it still doesn't explain your bond with
him."

"Well that happened six months later.  We had a great
professional relationship he trusted me and I trusted
him.  I was teaching him our fighting style and he was
teaching me the style his grandfather taught him.
Though it did look Jurain to me with some slight
changes here and there."

"It is"

"That does make sense, with the ship trees, Guardian
logs, and the other stuff.  When it comes to the Bond
it isn't the kind of bond that a playbeing has.  Mine
is not based on pleasure like their's is it is more of
a deeper full body and soul type of bond.  It happened
when we were attacking a compound that held black
market supplies.  Oh yeah did you know for a short
time he was a bounty hunter."  Ryoko shook her head
"Well we were good one of the best.  We had attacked
and we were inside fighting.  I had gotten separated
from him during the fight.  Once I had finish my area
I searched for him.  What I had seen when I found him
scared the hell out of me.  I've seen some bloody
fights but this was way beyond that.  He had this look
on his face that could make your heart stop.  It had a
evil look to it and while he was fighting it look like
he was getting pleasure from killing them.  He would
even make a berserker think twice about fighting him
at that moment."  Ryoko was shocked to hear this about
Tenchi  "What made it worse is that when they gave up
he wouldn't stop he was suffering from blood lust.  As
with a playbeing, fighters have the ability to use
empathy but not at a level as high as they can.  I
reached out with it with everything I had to break
through to him and it worked.  He slowly came out of
it.  That was when I truly saw what kind of man he
was.  After we had clean up and finished the mission,
I desired I had to go though the bonding of the blood
with him.  When this is done with one of my race it
bonds us completely."

"Hmm,  so what is your true feelings about the rest of
us now that you know?"

"I really don't care I'm with the man I chose not one
that was chosen for me."

"We are both coming from the same place aren't we."

"We need to get dressed  we are going to fight later
today so we need to get prepared."

"Alright lets get going."  The two got out of the
baths, dried off and went to their separate rooms to
get their cloths (AN: everyone has a separate room to
change in or do other things in.  Its a room where
they could go to to be by themselves if that is what
they wanted.  It is also a place where no one could go
into unless you let them in.  When they came out Ryoko
was wearing her favorite dress, and Nefirdyti  was in
a dress that was a long dress which went to her
ankles.  The neck line was a low v cut showing her
cleavage.  She still had the Ivory jewelry from
before.  Nefirdyti 's tail this time was wrapped
around her waist.  It was holding the dress front and
back together with the help of two ties, one on each
hip.  Nefirdyti  saw Ryoko's tail on the dress and saw
how it was reacting with her emotions as they walked
to the kitchen.

*I wonder*  with that thought Nefirdyti  grabbed the
tail and put it in her mouth.  She sucked and licked
it for a few seconds to see what Ryoko's reaction
would be.

"AAhh" was all that came from Ryoko;s mouth as she
shuddered.

----------------------------------------------------------

Please R & R thank you