Kotetsu Verite - Chapter 5 : "Phase two - three

On Earth Day 2

The morning startted off the same as always with
Sasami cooking breakfast for everyone and everyone
sowing up for it.  The only difference was two people
missing Tenchi and Ayeka.

"Ayeka still hasn't came out of her room has she?" ask
Ryoko

"No but at least she has started to eat again." Sasami
said in a low voice

"Hmmm, Sasami when you take her plate to her tell her
i want to talk to her befor dinner tonight." Yosho
proclaimed

"Ok."

Ryo-oki cleared her throut " Ah lord Yosho,  mmm can I
ask you a faver?"

"Please just Yosho, and yes you can"

"Iwas wandering if you can train me like you did
Tenchi?  I would ask Washu but she is training Ryoko
and Ayeka when Tenchi comes back him to."

"I belive I will how about you to Sasami do you want
to as well?"

"Oh can I ?" Sasami said with inthusiasum.

"It's amazing."

"What is Yosho" Ryoko

"Tenchi had said that he wated me to train these two
but he had also known that you would come to me on
your own."

"Did he say why he wanted us to train with you?" asked
Sasami

"Something to do with helping your confidence and
getting use to the new bodies"

"%$#@!@Tenchi $%@#!kick his %$!@# but next time #$@!
should have known"  Everyone looked at Washu.

"Ah, mom what is that about Tenchi that you should
have known?" Ryoko asked.

Looking up from her holotop "After breakfast I'll tell
everyone in the living room"

-------------------------------------------

Living room......

Ayeka had came down once Sasami had told her what
Yosho had said.  She also came down because she wanted
to find out what Washu was going to say."Ok, miss
Washu what did you want to tell us about Tenchi?"
Asked Ayeka.

"First, a question I want you all to think  about. How
could Tenchi beat us all when he had always had
trouble with Ryoko or Yosho by themselves let alone
Ayeka and Ryoko together without, using more power
than he always does?  Well, I have been looking at all
the data from the fight and found something I
should have seen from the beginning."

"What is that miss Washu?"

"Well, Ayeka normally you would have been right with
the time you gave us. Hell, that's how it's been
for the past 6 months why should it change!  Hmm,, Did
anyone other than Sasami notice a difference on
how he fought this time?"

"Yes, he was more agressive" Ryoko answered.

"He was faster" Ayeka replied.

"More patience with attacks" Yosho said.

"Mihoshi what about you?" Washu asked.

"What was the question?" Everyone face faulted  "no
difference, except the fact he used us against each
other"

"Well, for a bubble head you are right" Washu said.

"And everyone else is wrong!"

"Miss Washu I don't see how if he didn't change his
style, that he could have been able to defeat all of
you at the same time and still have so much power at
the end to overpower Ryoko like he did?" Kyone asked

"Easy, really.  Unlike, us he didn't use his power
unless he was fighting hand to hand or it was
necessary.  I'll show you"

She put up a display of the fight....

"I broke this fight down to only when Tenchi was using
his powers during, the fight. I found out of the
four plus hours, he only was using his pwers for only
30 min compared to us at full the whole time. This
is why, he was so powerful at the end and we were not.
To make things worse, he deflected our shots;
mind you, only the shots that would have hit him not
the ones that would have missed. Some of us
had found out he also reflectedsome at us which
allowed him to save lots of energy."

"Last but not least, the light hawk sword only came
out when needed. Other than that it was not present.
Plus, the fact that when you and  Yosho went down, he
use tenchi-ken to save even more energy. And here is
the 30 minute fight in it's glory!"

After watching the fight everyone went to train.
Mihoshi and Kyone in their power armor with there
weapons powered down in one area. Washu, Ryoko and
Ayeka were on one and Yosho  Sasami, and Ryo-ohki were
in another. Ryo-ohki was working with the  Bo and
Sasami with the Tonfa. Yosho was amazed, on how fast
they were learning the weapons. Already, after 1 1/2
hours they were sparring with each other using moves
even most masters on earth didn't know yet.  After
three hours, they would have given any earth master a
run for their money in a match. But they were only
book smart not experianced smart yet.

--------------------------------

That night......

All the girls had a dream about Tenchi asking them to
marry him and opening the box he eacn gave them
to reveal a beautiful wedding ring.

-----------------------------------
Morning Day 3...

Kiyone and Mihoshi had gone on patrol.

Everything seem as normal but they all wondered what
was in the boxes, but left them alone. That day
went like normal even training was fun for them.  but
the dreams they had that night weren't so fun at
all.  In fact, it was a nightmare, the worst thing
that they could have happen to them. In the dream
Tenchi had them open the boxes one at the time and in
it, was a letter saying he didn't love any of them
and wanted them to leave his house and never come
back. After, reading the letter they saw him marrying
somebody else and walk away from them as if they were
not even there.  They all woke up with a scream and
crying for the rest of the night.

That morning, was tense, especially since each ofthem
looked like a truck run them over. (tore up from
the floor up comes to mind)

"It seems like all of you had a bad night, you all
should take the day off from training." Yosho said
as he got up to leave.

After he was gone...

"How come it feels like he knew what happen last night
before hand?" Ryoko  said

Everyone did their own thing that day. They all stayed
away from each other. They all dreaded what
their dream would be that night. To their surprise,
they didn't dream that night.

---------------------------------------

Morning Day 4

Ryoko......

When she woke up she picked up her box and looked at
it for a long time.*'I wish I knew what was in it*
'This box hold your dreams in it good or bad depends
on you, all I ask is don't open it unless I tell you
to.'* Ryoko remembered what Tenchi had said so she put
the box back down.  *'Ok, Tenchi I'll do as you asked,
even if I really wish I could open it' I trust you,
and I want you to trust me' If this is what it takes
to earn your trust I will'*

"Breakfast is ready"

Washu.....

She spent all day scaning her box.  "What is in this
@$#!% box? He said not to open but, he didn't said
that I couldn't scan it."

Breakfast is ready"

Sasami and Ryo-ohki didn't even think about their
boxes, they just got up and went to start breakfast.

Ayeka.....

She looked at the box,'Tenchi, gave me this and said
it holds my dreams, but he also said that they
could be good or bad' She remembered her talk with
Yosho.  'I love Tenchi but, I still love Yosho. I
don't know what to do.  *My wife will nedd to love me
and my other wives first and only not Jurai, not
your jobs, or anything, we come first then the other
things.*

'Do I love him more than Jurai?'

She opened the box and saw that it was a gold ring
with a amethyst with three rubies and three diamonds
incircling it.  No question, on what kind or ring that
was. She was so happy but then she started to cry
'Do I really love him or is it that I used him when I
didn't have Yosho?'

"Breakfast is ready."

-----------------------------------------------------
Breakfast...

Everyone, even Kyone and Mihoshi was there. Washu was
the last to get there.  They all had their boxes with
them for some unknown reason.

"God damn it."

"What is wrong mom?"

"I scaned this box every known way that I could, and I
couldn't see what was in it! This is killing me
not knowing what's inside. I'd open it but
Tenchi....."

Then she notice that Ayeka was isstatic.  "Why are you
so happy princess?" washu asked.

"Because look" She brought out her box and began to
open it.

Sasami saw this and run out of the house and Ryoko
fazed away not wanting to see or hear what it was
she even cut her link with Washu

What was that all about?" Kyone asked

"They don't want to know what's in those boxes till
Tenchi is back so I suggest we don't tell them what
we saw". Washu told them.

They all looked at the ring in the box.

Ryo-ohki then open her box to discover a ring just
like Ayeka's but hers was different , hers
had a tiger's eye surrounded by three yellow topaz
gems and three diamonds.

"Well, I don't have to open mine knowing now what is
in the boxes."

"Why, Washu?" asked Mihoshi and Kyone in unison.

"It's obvious, what it is; it's a ring like theirs the
only difference will be that mine will be with a
Ruby and with either emeralds or jade gems and of
course the diamonds, and Ryoko's will be an aquamarine
with some yellow topazes and diamonds, and Sasami's
would be a sapphire and pink topaz with diamonds. I
think, that Tenchi is planning to marry all of us and
that is why he gave us this boxes for us to have
in case, something happens between then and when he
gets back. It makes me feel good to know."

-----------------------------------

Far side of the lake from the house

Sasami sat there thinking about what was happening
*How could she do that?  Tenchi told her not to do
that and she did it anyway. Damn it Ayeka don't you
ever listen to what people tell you. First it was
mother about Yosho now it is Tenchi.  When will you
learn?*  Out of nowhere 8 Jurian ships showed up in
the ski. *WHAT THE HELL* Sasami got up and started
running to the house but was stopped short by 15
soldiers.  "What is this?"

"My lady, Azusa demands you accompany us back to Juri
immediately...."

Ryoko had seen the ships as they came in and hid in
her cave.  *Those are battleships they wouldn't come
unless they meant to fight*

'Mom we have company.'

'I know' she sent a picture of 20 soldiers in the
house. 'Stay where you are and hide. Tell tenchi what
has happened to us.'

---------------------------------

In the house

"I demmand to know what is going on here" yelled Ayeka

"You, Sasami, Yosho and these two are going to Juri as
by orders of his majesty Azusa."