Kotetsu Verite - Chapter 4 : "Phase Two - 1"

Disclaimer
Tenchi and all associated characters are the property
of AIC and Pioneer LDC. I don’t own any rights to
them. Any other characters are property of their
respective copyright holders, not me.

Phase two - 1

"Ayeka" called Tenchi.  "There is the other part of
your gift"

She looked to where he was pointing, what she saw
instead of the old brother she was accustomed to see,
since she came to the Masaki house, she sees the young
man that she had loved for most of her life. *Why? I
thought he was old, he told me he was old and couldn't
marry me. That is why he pushed me towards Tenchi, how
could he lie to me why, why, why,* she then looked
back to where Tenchi was to find nothing; neither
Tenchi or Tsunami the ship tree where there.  She
began to cry she couldn't understand what was going
on, looking at her brother Yosho "Why brother?" was
all she could say.

Everyone except Washu and sasami were shocked at the
way he looked."Ayeka....I" Yosho started to say, but
Ayeka on hearing his voice which sounded just like the
way she remembered she started to go in shock and run
to the house and up the stairs to her room.  In the
meantime Yosho tried to explained to everyone why he
had been in disguise before and why he had stop using
it now.

2 hours later

Sasami was knocking at Ryoko's door. "Ryoko"
"Yes, Sasami." answer Ryoko
"Can I sleep here tonight? I think Ayeka needs to be
alone for a while"
"Sure, kiddo oops sorry, about that you are no longer
a little kid" She said while opening the door.
"You can still call me that if you want, I'm still
younger than you are Ryoko and I still see you as a
big sister."
"Sure thing, kid"  they both got ready for bed when
Ryoko asked Sasami "Hey kid, doesn't it bother you
that you will no longer have a childhood now that you
have merged with Tsunami?"
Sasami responded "Yes, but then again I 've been
merged with her ever since Kagato; but you all treated
me like I was still a little girl and I thank you all
for that."
"So, how come you have decided to grow up now?" asked
Ryoko
"I didn't the gift Tenchi gave me did it, the same
thing happen to Washu and to Ryo-ohki also, remember?"
"That is true but, I wonder what is in it. It must be
something very important. I want to open it
but...Tenchi asked us not to open it."
"That is true, they way I see it I'll get to find out
what is in it once Tenchi gets back in a week I can
wait" said Sasami.
"True, but why did Tenchi say for us not to follow
him? And that the boxes hold our dreams?"
"Oh well, we can talk to Washu tomorrow to find out
what she thinks, good night Ryoko"
"Good nignt, kid"

Next morning...

Washu. "Are you ready to be able to talk like the rest
of us Ryo-ohki?"
"miya, miya" she said
"Good, it is going to take some time though. So let's
get to work, lay down."

In the meantime someplace else.....

Tenchi calls to "Tsunami"
"Yes, Tenchi"
"I have a request"
"What is it?"
Tenchi tells Tsunami his request.  "Everything you
see, hear, and do for the next seven days; needs to
stay here, no one else needs to know. can you please
do that?"
"Alright, Tenchi"
"That also means,Sasami as well is not to know till
after this is over please!"
"you got it Tenchi"

5 minutes later....

On the far side of Jurai (opposite from the palace)
Tsunami came out of the fold.  The ship landed in a
large lake. There was nothing but a large forest in
all directions. very few Jurians ever came to this
side of the planet.  Most that have had never come
back.

Palace...

"Sir"
"Yes" the emperor questions.
"My lord reports say that the Ship Tsunami is back on
Jurai."
"It's back?" * but why, it has never come back here
unless...* "Where is it?"
"That is the thing my lord its on the far side of
Jurai"
"What?"
"That's right my lord, we picked it up once it came
out of fold. The ship has landed on the far side it's
been there for the last 1/2 hour. But there hasn't
been any activity since it landed"
"have we been able to make contact?"
"No we have not, I've got some units heading that way
as we speak"
"Good, the last thing we need is that ship to be lost
to us. Send three battleships as well to provide cover
for those units"
"As you wish, my lord"

On the farside...

"Tenchi" Tsunami calls. "It looks like the emperor is
sending some units over her to check out why this ship
is here"
"Hmm, How long and how many?"
"There are 3 battleships, 15 minutes from here, before
they fly over and position themselves and 6 hours
before the ground units reach us."
"Alright, after I get off I want you to take
Tsunami'ship back in subspace.  I'll call you as soon
as am done here."
*would have preferred to have the ship here but I
don't need the Jurians ships snopping around while I'm
here.*
"I will also need those things I had asked for
earlier"
She hands Tenchi the things he had requested.
"Thank you Tsunami, if evething goes well I will only
take 1 hour if not, no more than 4 hours."
"Ok, Tenchi" *be careful*

Meanwhile at the palace.....

"Sir"
"Yes"
"There has been some changes"
"What do you mean"
"The battleships were so close and all of the sudden
Tsunami lifted off then dissappeared into subspace"
"Hmmm.. have those ships stay there and get those
ground units over there now! I want a search & scan
done now!"
"At once, My lord"

Tenchi and Mayuka appeared in a dark cave there was a
little light. The light was from one source none other
than from a tree on the far side of the cave.
"Look Mayuka, that is your mother's tree and soon, you
will have yours" Tenchi whispers slowly to Mayuka.

5 minutes later....

"Well, hello again"

The trees' light beams came from its leaves.
"No, I'm not here to destroy you, at least not yet"
"I have a proposition for you"
"I know you are going to die without a master"
" And I know your master has to be one from the dark
side so my proposition is: that you bond with my
daughter Mayuka
since she is part of your old master"

The tree declined Tenchi's proposition.

"What do you mean no!  You don't have a choice and
time is running out for you soon you will loose your
powers"

still the tree refused...

"Let's negociate so, we both get what we want will you
do that? 0Yes, good. This is what I want out of this"

3 hours later....

"AHHH! This is going nowhere!"
"I tried to be nice, but you wouldn't go with my plans
so.."
Tenchi reached into his bag and pulled out some
things, he put on an apron, two cooking mittens and a
toolbelt. Then he pulled out a can of lighter fluid
and a box of matches, he then turn around to where
Mayuka was and ask her.

"Hey mayuka, how about some bbq ribs for lunch?"
Mayuka started to laugh and clap her tiny hands.
Tenchi began to check his list for the ribs.  "let's
see, ribbs check, bbq supplies check, wood for the
fire....both tenchi and little Mayuka looked at each
other and then turned to look at the tree of darkness
and smiled "check"
A big sweat drop formed on the tree beams came from
every branch. The tree had decided to change it's mind
and told Tenchi that it will cooperate with him.

"Oh, is that right. Well, there has been some changes
to the deal..."