Tenchi and all associated characters are the property
of AIC and Pioneer LDC. I don't own any rights to them
at all. Any other characters are property of their
respective copyright holders, not me.

Learning More

Kitchen

"Nice for you two to join us for breakfast."  Tenchi
said with a smirk on his face.

"Shut..." Ryoko stopped what she was going to say
remembering Mayuka was in the room. "We had a woman to
woman talk.  Things needed to be talked about and
explained."

"So daddy, is mama Oko going with you today?" asked
Mayuka

"Yes she is.  She needs to know what we do and she
needs to see and understand a few things."  Said
Nefirdyti

Ryoko took it in and was observing the actions of
everyone.  What peaked her interest was how Chio would
hover around May in a protective way and wouldn't move
more than 15 feet away from her at any given time,
even if it was to get something from the cabinets.  If
she did have to go out of that range she seem to have
a nerves look and would quickly finish what she was
doing to get back in that range once again.  *I wander
what that’s about? *

Tenchi had noticed Ryoko looking at Chio "She is from
Maulges."

"What?"

"You were wandering about Chio so I figured I should
tell you to ease your fears."

"What does Maulges have to do with how she acts around
May?"

"The people from my planet are empaths and like Nef's
people we were valued very high for our skills."
explained Chio

"You said 'were'."

"Of what records that I have been able to come up with
she is the last living Maulgeain in the hole Universe.
It was a surprise to have seen her on this ship when I
came aboard.  Anyway how did you get her when the race
was to have been extinct for over 100 years Tenchi?"
asked Nef

"Well first she isn't the last of her people there are
10 others." Tenchi said in a mater of fact tone.

"What do you mean there are 10 others?  All records
state that the pirate Ziodfid destroyed the planet and
hunted down and exterminated all of them."

"Your correct on that but you forgot one small
detail."

"And what would that be."

"He's a pirate."  Said Ryoko

"That is correct love." Tenchi leaned across the table
and kissed Ryoko then sat back down.  "Being a pirate
do you know how much you could get if you had the only
Daemonetti Nannies in the universe?  And especially if
you could breed more if you need too?"

"What do you mean breed more?" Nef was at a loss

"What Master Tenchi means is Ziodfid had raided one of
the breeding houses before he destroyed my people.  He
captured two males and nine females.  After that he
exterminated the rest.  Myself and the rest have been
in cold sleep since then."

"So the rest are out on some remote planet or
something?" asked Ryoko

"Unfortunately no, they wouldn't survive on their
own." Chio said,  "That is why they are still in cold
sleep.  I would be two but my unit was damaged in the
fight so Tenchi had to open mine up.  Tenchi would
have opened theirs up but I had told him that without
someone to bond to they would die.  They have to be in
a special environment for them not to and so they
could breed more."

"That is why they are still in cold sleep on this ship
until Washu can make a new breeding house for them to
live in.  For the race can make a comeback."

"Speaking of Washu don't you think we should be
heading to Jurai?" asked Ryoko.

"If they were in Tsunami yes, but in a regular
Battleship it will take about 21 days at top speed to
get there so we have a lot of time.  Plus I want to
see what Azusa has planned before I act."
----------------------------------------------

4 hours later

Ryoko walked into the day room.  "Hello May.  Hello
Chio, what are you two up to?"

"Hi, I'm just preparing little May's hair for the
battle today." said Chio.  Mayuka's hair looked just
like Nef's except that it had blunt knobs on the ends
not the sharp claws.

"What do you mean, she isn't going to fight is she?"

"Who do you think drives this ship when I'm not
onboard?  Don't worry before she has to fight someone
will have to go though 4 guardians and Chio, let alone
get on this ship.  Which is almost impossible." Said
Tenchi as he came in the room.

"Anyway Ryoko, she can hold her own in hand to hand if
I may say so." chimed Nef.  "Your up next anyway."

"Huh?"

" Your hair.  We need to do your hair so you will fit
in."  Nef pulled Ryoko down in to a seat and with
Chio's help started to fix her hair.  When they were
finished Ryoko had Predator dreads like Chio but
longer.  Each dread ended at a point that would allow
Ryoko to still use her hair needles if needed.  Then
they took her to the changing room and put her in
clothes and armor just like Nef's.  Which wasn't
saying much, a thin silk wrap that went from the right
side of her neck crossed over her left breast then
around her back over her right breast and tied behind
her neck.  The lower part was a mid-thigh skirt that
had split on both sides that went up to the belt to
allow full movement.  Underneath they wear a cloth
that attached from the front of the belt to the back
of the belt so they won’t show anything when the skirt
flies up.  Nef's belt unlike Ryoko's was armored.

"Why is your's armored and mine is not?" asked Ryoko

"It is to keep my tail from getting cut.  If it does I
could bleed to death."

"Oh."

"Now when we get down there just do as I do.  If a
fight breaks out do not join in let Tenchi do it.
Remember we are observers for my people if we fight it
is like declaring war."

"But I'm not from your planet."

"It doesn't matter if you are not they will think so
with me there, so do not fight.  Plus Tenchi wants you
to see it yourself."

"See what?"

"How he is if I'm not there to calm him down."

---------------------------------------------------

Draxion 4 orbit

"Remember May I want this ship 4 light seconds out and
cloaked as soon as we transport."

"Gotcha Daddy, Be save all of you.  You better bring
me something this time, and don't forget like last
time daddy."

"Alright little one." Tenchi and the rest kiss May
goodbye "Lets go” They teleport off the ship to the
receiving area of the palace.  The receiving area was
nice but didn't have the fanfare that most places had.
It was basic and open one or two odd things here and
there.  A lady in a blue Victorian style dress came up
to them.

"Hello and welcome to our planet.  I'm Philies and
I'll be your guide, follow me please."  She turned on
her heels and headed towards the main hall.  Tenchi
started off behind her.

"Now remember don't say anything, let Tenchi handle
everything.  And just act like you his bodyguard but
don't do anything unless he tells you to." said Nef

"Ok ok, get off me." they both fell in on both sides
of Tenchi as they walked.

----------------------------------------------------

"My lord a representative from the Draczion Federation
is here to see you."

"Thank you, welcome to my kingdom and what has brought
you all the way out here?"

"I'm here as a rep of the Draczion Federation's
interest.  I'm here to see what has happened and what
will be done about the payments owed to them."

"So in other words you are a debt collector?"

"You can say that but I'm also authorized to negotiate
a settlement if needed."

"What if we don't want to pay?"

"Then I'm authorized to reposes the product, take the
equal value, or use force to get what is due."  By
this time Ryoko had noticed that there were warriors
filling the room.  She took a quick look at Nef.  When
she did all she saw was Nef give a small shake of her
head.  Ryoko relaxed some but not much.

"Well I don't see why we should pay. So you can
leave."

"I think you should reconsider, with back payments and
future payments due.  I would be authorized to take
over 85% of your kingdom, and then adding interest I
would have to take the rest of the kingdom just to
break even.  Or we can make a deal."

"How dare you, threaten me.  KILL HIM."  30 warriors
came from all around and charged Tenchi.  Tenchi
rushed at them and pulled out a light and dark
interwoven wood hilt and an all-dark hilt.  Just as he
reached the first of them he fired up his blades one
purple and one black with a red highlight to it.
After that he phased out as the first enemy swung his
blade.  Tenchi phased back in behind the back row of
fighters and began to cut them down.  Seven were down
before anyone could react to his new position.  By the
time they regrouped 5 more died.  Now 12 of 30 gone in
10 seconds.

"Now you will see it.” said Nefirdyti to Ryoko.  Ryoko
having excellent senses began to concentrate on Tenchi
and everything he did.

The warriors finally got their spacing and came in
waves like they should have in the beginning.
Tenchi's left hand flashed black and three black orbs
popped into view.  The orbs began to rotate around
Tenchi, crossing back, front, up, down, side to side,
in a pattern in which they wouldn't cross each other.
Tenchi raced forward into the fray but Ryoko noticed
something was not right with him.  Taking a better
look she could see his eyes were turning black (the
hole thing) and he was beginning to have a smirk on
his face.  The first wave came in and it was ugly,
Tenchi parried the first two and passed them.  He then
rushed the third parried his sword with his right and
cut his head off with his left.  The first two turned
to get at him, to bad they forgot about the orbs.
Ryoko knew it was coming but couldn't look away from
it.  As the orbs rotated into position, they extended
out in a shape of a spike and impaled each of the
warriors in the head, chest, and side of each.
(Headshot being last in each case)

Second and third waves were slaughtered in somewhat
the same way.  Manly because they hesitated when they
saw what happened to the first.  Ryoko noticed Tenchi
was now giving an evil grin and licking his lips.
Then she noticed his eyes were all black with no light
reflecting from within.  24 dead in 30 seconds.
Something happened that relay shocked Ryoko now three
of the remaining six took a step back as if they were
going to run and the three orbs flashed purple and
fired at the three.  Each of the warriors tried to
block but when the beams were about to be blocked they
each took a hard turn to avoid the block, either up,
down or to the side.  Once clear turned back and
killed their respective targets.

Two of the last three did run but Tenchi threw his
blades and hit each in the head killing them.  The
last saw this and charged with all the rage he had.
What happened next will stay with Ryoko for years.
What everyone else they just saw Tenchi step inside
the man's attack and punch him in the chest, and
watched him fall down dead.  But Ryoko saw and heard
more.  She saw Tenchi reach back and catch and orb and
close his hand.  On his hand formed a black glove and
then he came forward and hit him in the chest.  If she
hadn't seen it herself she would not have believed
what happened when he hit him.  Tenchi struck his
chest and his entire skeleton came out of his body at
supersonic speed.  It hit the far wall and shattered
like glass.  The rest of his body fell as if it was
still intact five feet away from Tenchi.  Tenchi
released the orb after the strike and it fell back in
rotation. Tenchi turned on his heels and rushed the
king.  He opened his hands.  His two blades
deactivated and the hilts flew into his hands and
reactivated.

Ryoko knew what was going to happen and said two words
in a low whisper to Nefirdyti. "I understand."   On
hearing this Nefirdyti threw all she had into the
bond.

Tenchi deactivated his blades 1 mm from cutting the
kings head off but still followed through with the
strike to prove a point.  *30 in 40 seconds Tenchi is
getting sloppy. * thought Nefirdyti

"You have a choice pay or become part of the Draczion
Federation of planets,” said Nefirdyti

"And what if I don't do either?"

"I knock you and your people back to the stone-age,
take out the planet or force you into the Draczion
Federation the hard way."  said Tenchi

"I believe we will join the Federation.  It seems the
safer of the choices."

"Good choice if I may say so myself.  A Rep. will
arrive in two months until then."  One of the dark
guardian logs uncloaks (four of the eight were there
cloaked looking around palace the whole time) " here
is our temporary Rep. "

-------------------------------------------------

Washu was laying down on her bunk playing with her
powers. " Hello sis."

Tsunami appeared next to her in one of the chairs "
Hello sister, what are you doing?"

"Just waiting to see what happens."

"You know you could leave at any time right."

"Sure but that wouldn't be any fun.  I want to see
what Azusa does.  As long as he doesn't try to hurt
Ryo-ohki I'll act good but all bets are off if he
tries to.  Plus I want to see how Tenchi reacts to
this."

"Well we will know soon, he is on his way, and if the
feeling I have is right it's not going to be pretty."

"For who, Tenchi or Azusa?"

"Depends on Ayeka and Azusa ,but manly Ayeka."
------------------------------------------------------
A N: yeah, yeah I know Tenchi is way out in left field
but (its my fic so bite me) you have to take a good
look at what is happening and you would see why it is
going like it is.
need those R&R's to help out