Katetsu Verite - Chaper 2 : "The Setup"

Disclaimer
Tenchi and all associated characters are the property
of AIC and Pioneer LDC. I don’t own any rights to
them. Any other characters are property of their
respective copyright holders, not me.

THE SETUP

"So thats how I want it to work and what I want it to
look like." Tenchi finished after the last hour and a
half of negotiations with Tsunami.

"Hmmmm, it will take alittle time to get all the
pieces needed." Tsunami explained

"How long?"

"At least 24 hours no more than 36"

"Thats cool. It will alow me time to set things up on
my side. I should be able to collect what i need by
then. Lets just say two days from now before dinner
i'll meet you here to pick them up."

"Agreed, anything else on your mind?"

"Now that you mention it yes there is. I'll need the
use of the spaceship tree Tsunami for a trip."

"Can I ask why, being you could always use Ryo-ohki or
your powers?"

"Well one is the fact that Washu and Ryoko are linked
to her. And the other is that I will need to talk to
you about some things on the way. Plus it will give
them time to be tested. The trip shouldn't take more
than a week at the most. If every thing goes right it
should only take three days."

"Is there any thing that i should have prepared ahead
of time?"

"Yep tell the Jurai ship builders to build a copy of
Tsunami but leave the command component and tree left
out. Also have them prep a spot for Mayuka's tree next
to mine. I'll be placing her tree during this trip."

"They have been informed. The ship tree will be
completed in six days. Anything else?"

"Not as of yet, but there will be some once we get to
Jurai. Small ones, One big one but small ones."

"I see. well i'm of to get the pieces" she starts to
fade out

"Wait I forgot something." Tenchi said just before she
was gone.

She faded back in "Hmmm?" Tenchi walked over to her
and put his hand on the side of her face. She froze.

Tenchi kissed her lightly on the lips then walked the
rest of the way back to the house saying over his
shoulder "Thank you for your help. Remember Sasami is
not to have your memories to tell after this is over."

It was ten minutes later that Tsunami finaly was able
to move or even think straight. 'Yep that's one guy I
won't be able to say no to. To bad he's my son. Then
again i'll be able to have him if....' She said to
herself with a smile. 'But only if....'

Tenchi stepped into the house laughing to himself
'this is going to be good, how come I never thought of
this earlier?' he walked up to his room so he could
change and take a quick bath before dinner. At dinner
the gang was all there, talking about their day. As
always a fight broke out but Tenchi stepped in this
time. "Stop it now!"

"But..." Ryoko and Ayeka said together.

"But nothing! This has gone to far, both of you go to
your rooms now!" Everyone froze as they saw two of
tenchi's light-halk wings. One pointing at each girl
"And stay there till I come and talk to you. Is that
clear?!" They both nodded in fear "I can't hear you."

"Yeah its clear." said Ryoko as she fadded away

"It is very clear lord Tenchi." as Ayeka walked to her
room.

'Perfect, now I will have time with each one alone
with out any interruptions.' "Grampa, I have a
request."

"Yes Tenchi?"

"Tomorrow's training can we start it at noon?"

"I don't see why not. Is there a reason for it to be
that early?"

"Yes because the training that will go down is one I
have been looking for for a long time and I feel ready
for it. Mihoshi I would like it very much if you were
there. Bring your cube with you, when you come
please."

"Sure." said Mihoshi

"Little Washu can I talk to you in your lab after
dinner?"

"ok"

"Sasami can you make a plate for Ryoko and Ayeka so I
can take to them when I go to talk to them Please."

"Sure coming right up" Sasami got up and went in the
kitchen to fix the plates.

-------------------------------------------

Washu's lab

"so what did you want to talk about Tenchi?" still
scared from what happened at dinner.

"I've decided to give you that final sample, miss
Washu." Tenchi stated.

"Little Washu!"

"Miss Washu"

"Little"

"Miss or you don't ever get it." explained Tenchi

"Ok ok ok miss it is. So I can have it now?"

"No."

"But you said I could have it one minute ago." she
said with a few sniffs "Your so mean."

"I said 'I've decided to give it to you' not 'you can
have it now'. Anyway if you want that sample your
going to have to earn it."

"What do you mean earn it? What do I have to do to
'earn it'"

"Come to the shrine tomorrow at noon and be prepared
to earn your sample." Tenchi turned to go out of the
lab. After opening the door to leave "You may have to
fight for that sample so I suggest you get plenty of
sleep." with that he stepped out of the lab and closed
the door.

"I'm finaly going to get that sample. Yes yes yes yes,
wait a minute what did he mean fight for that sample?
Well who cares my experiments will finaly be completed
once I get that sample." she said as she went to her
room to get that sleep that Tenchi said she will need.

------------------------------

Ayeka's room

After collecting the plates for the girls and checking
on Mayuka, Tenchi decided to go to Ayeka's room first
thinking Ryoko will be the hardest to work on so he
will need more time on her. Knocking at her door
"Ayeka it's me Tenchi can I come in?"

"A-ah y" sniff "yes lord Tenchi" Ayeka said. Tenchi
went in the room and wasn't to shocked at what he saw.
She was in the middle of the room on her hands and
knees bowed as low as she could with her forhead on
her hands "Tenchi please forgive me I'm sorry for
fighting. I'll do any thing that I have to do to have
your forgiveness."

'Oh, sweeeet didn't have to do anything and got what I
want. But I think I'll make her sweat some.' "Ayeka I
may never forgive the two of you for it; this time.
I've told you two too many times to stop the fighting
but you keep doing it. How am I suppose to trust you
if you will not do what I ask? Tell me,is that how you
show your love for someone. If that person can't trust
you, how do you expect that person to love you?" with
that last statement Ayeka started to cry her heart
out. She Knew that he was saying the truth. 'Gotcha'
"You know Ayeka there is a way for you to earn some of
my trust back." Ayeka slowly stop crying.

"There is?

"Yep, do you want to know."

"Yes please, I'll do anything. Anything to earn your
love."

"Good, first you will learn to respect everyone in
this house. Don't worry she will be told this as well.
Second, tomorrow at noon you will be at the shrine in
full battle gear ready to fight for that trust and
love you want."

"Yes lord Tenchi. As you wish lord Tenchi"

"Good, now here is your dinner after finishing this
get your sleep you will need it." he places the food
in front of her and turns for the door. "Goodnight
sweet Ayeka." with that he left before she could say a
word.

--------------------------------

Ryoko's room

'This is going to be rough' "Can I come in?" Tenchi
said as he knocked on her door.

"Sure" she said with a few sniffs. Tenchi walked in
her room and closed and locked the door. Ryoko was in
the fetal position on her bed so he sat at the end of
the bed and handed her the food.

"Here, I had Sasami put a plate together for you and
Ayeka." She took it and started to eat slowly "I'm
sorry for yelling at you like that but ..." he started
to say.

"No, we deserved it." She stopped him shaking her
head. "If we would just listen to you and stop
fighting you wouldn't have had to. I love you so much
Tenchi, it hurts me to know that I keep breaking your
trust but I will try as hard as I can not to break
your trust and win your love."

"Really, you really mean that. That your going to put
everything you have in trying to earn back my trust
and my love?" 'Damn this is way to easy.'

"Yes that is the truth. If that is what I have to do.
That is what I must do."

"Good." with that he got up and put his hand on the
side of her face and kissed her on the lipps and went
to the door. "There is a lot more where that came from
but you have to earn it to get it, so finish eating
and get your sleep my angel. Oh yeah, be at the shrine
tomorrow at noon ready to fight for that love and
trust you want." he said while closing the door. Five
minutes later Ryoko finally was able to move so she
could finish her food.

Tenchi walked downstairs and saw Sasami reading on the
couch. "Sasami I have a favor for you ...."

---------------------

Thanks for the R & R that I have recived so far.

Tutcat