Disclaimer
Tenchi and all associated characters are the property
of AIC and Pioneer LDC. I don’t own any rights to
them. Any other characters are property of their
respective copyright holders, not me.

Phase one -

It was a very nice morning at the Masaki residence.
Ayeka, Washu, Mihoshi, and Ryoko were in the onsen
taking their morning baths.  Sasami was cooking brunch
and also preparing Mayuka's travel bag for the
upcomming event.  She finished the food preparations
then started with the medical supplies.  The tipical
resupplying of the 1st aid kit, Iv's, and the like.

-------------------------

9:30am Onsen

Ryoko 'I wonder why he wants me to be ready to fight
at noon?'

Washu  "Well your not the only one that has to be
there at noon, you know."

"What?!"  both Ryoko and Ayeka screamed

"Oh yeah thats true.  I'll be there and also grampa.
But Washu why are you going to be there?" Mihoshi
asked.

"Tenchi said that I had to be there also.  Ayeka how
about you, are you suppose to be there too?" Washu
asked with a sly smile

"Yes, lord Tenchi had ask me to be there and to be
ready to fight for... Never mind." she said

"Fight for what princess? for Tenchi's love and trust?
 Because if it is for that  I'm the one that's going
to get it princess."

"well if you have to know demon yes, that is what I'm
going to fight for."

"Hmmm, you two are fighting for his love and trust.
I'm fighting for that last sample and Mihoshi is
fighting cause he asked her to." explained Washu

"It looks like we get to have our final fight for
Tenchi princess." Ryoko said while craking her
knuckles.

"Yes it does, And know this demon, I will not be
holding back this time."

"Neither will I Princess."
.
Ryoko and Ayeka were in a staredown with sparks flying
between them when Sasami came in. "Thats a no; no you
two, If you fight before noon it is an automatic
disqualificaton.  Now get out of the bath and come
down and eat all of you." with that she left.

---------------------------------------

11:00 Living room

"I wander were Tenchi is.  He wasn't here to eat?"
asked Ryoko

"He is preparing the shrine for the fight." says
Sasami

"How do you know this?" asked Ryoko.

"Easy, he told me this morning and he also gave me
some instructions that I'm suppose to give you all
once we get to the shrine so let's go."

------------------------------------

11:30 Shrine

"Ok, now that everyone is here let's get started."
Sasami says once the group makes it to the practice
spot.  "First off is the rules of this exercise.
Anything goes kicking, punching, missiles, etc..  The
only no no's are no hitting an unconcious person and
no killing.  Second there have been a few changes to
the line up.  Ayeka you are to call Azaka and Kamidake
they are to participate in this also."

"Azaka, Kamidake."  the two guardians apear next to
Ayeka. "It looks like lord Tenchi wants you two to
join this exercise with the rest of us."

"As you wish mam"

Sasami walked in front of Mihoshi  "Mihoshi let me see
your cube."  Mihoshi handed it over.  Sasami spun it a
few times and Mihoshi's power armor appeared.
"Mihoshi due to the power difference you will use this
so it will be fair." after saying that; she walked
away from her towards Tenchi's grandfather.

"What power difference?"  Asked Mihoshi.  Everyone
except for Sasami's face fell only because she knew
she was going to say something like that.

"And this is for you grampa."  Sasami handed him
Tenchi-kun  "Little Washu I have a few requests."

"Hmm?" Washu said. "What is it, Sasami?"

"First I need you to activate all you monitoring
systems. Second I need you to set up a system so I can
transport the injured off the field when needed. Third
and most important is that you have to deactivate your
ability to use your holopad during this.  You can
reactivate your holopad after this is over and yes you
get to keep a copy of all data collected as long as
Tenchi gets a copy as well."

"That shouldn't be a problem." Washu tells Sasami. Her
holopad appears and she types a few commands "Done."

"Thank you." Sasami started to go through a mental
checklist 'Washu check, Mahosi check, Grampa check,
Ayeka check, Tenchi...'  "Oh yeah forgot one thing.
Your opponent isn't each other its Tenchi."  everyone
had a surprised look on their faces.  "It's all of you
vs. Tenchi.  If you guys win you get what you want if
you lose...." she just shrugged her shoulders then
looked at her watch.  Everyone watched Sasami walk
over to the side and sit in a flotting chair next to
Ryo-ohki and Mayuka who was in a car-seat.  They all
watched as she hit a button and a bubble shield formed
over them and they rose in the air to  clear the field
of play.  As they were rissing in the air Sasami's
watch beeped 12:00 noon.

-----------------------------

12:00 Shrine

As if on cue Tenchi exploded out of the trees.  He was
wearing his light-hawk armor with his light-hawk sword
in his left hand.  Before anyone could react to him he
fired five bolts from his right hand.  Then he ingaged
his grampa.  First two hit Azaka and Kamidake sending
both flying back into the trees 40 ft away.  The third
landed at the feet of Washu and Ryoko tossing them
15ft in different directions.  The fourth hit Ayeka's
shield and propelled her into Azaka.  The last shot
went at Mihoshi,  She dodged the shot by jumping up
and doing a back flip.  While in mid-air she let loose
3 missiles at Tenchi.  When she landed she rushed
forward.

Tenchi was engaged with his grampa, parrying,
slashing, dodging, and blocking.  He felt the missiles
coming and teleported behind them.  Yosho knocked down
two of them but the last one did a terminal attack
when it lost its target.  It hit the ground 2ft in
front of him which tossed him 5ft.  Mihoshi engaged
Tenchi and was holding her own when Washu and Ryoko
finally got up and both fired almost at the same time.
 Almost being the key, there was a 0.25 second time
difference just enough time for Tenchi.  As the shots
came in one light hawk wing formed and deflected the
shots up; then the other formed and redirected the
shots back at them.  (Washu's arriving first was
redirected at Ryoko and then Ryoko's was redirected at
Washu)  Hitting them and sending them both 50ft back
into the trees.

Ayeka had seen this and saw that Tenchi moved to fast
for her blocks to form up to hold him.  She decided on
a plan.  "Azaka Kamidake" the guardians appeared
"Azaka team up with Washu and Kamidake you team up
with Ryoko support and defend.  Work in groups of two
don't separate from your partner.  We need to drag
this fight out as long as we can to wear Him down then
Ryoko can finish it.  She is the key to victory for
us.  We need to buy her about 4 hours 37 minutes no
less.  Now go."  after saying that she went to Yosho's
side to do the same as the guardians.

"Yes your highness." at that,they did as told.  With
this new configuration they were able to hold their
own with Tenchi for 3 hours 40 minutes before the
first from their side fell.  The only problem was it
was Ayeka and Yosho that fell.  Tenchi had redirected
some shots from Mihoshi at Yosho which pushed him back
just enough to leave an opening for Tenchi to take a
shot at Ayeka.  Tenchi rushed forward, and used one of
his light-hawk-wings to keep Yosho off him and used
the other two to open a hole in her defense so he
could shoulder block her in the mid section.  As she
started to fly off he grabbed her leg and swung her at
Yosho.  Tenchi hit him with her and then he let go of
her.  The two flew into a tree knocking both out.

"Sasami" said Tenchi as he picked up Tenchi-kun from
the ground.

"Yes?" asked Sasami

"Transport my grampa and Ayeka please."

"You got it."  she hit a button and Yosho and Ayeka
teleported to Washu's lab for treatment from the
waiting med robots.

Without Ayeka's commmand and control their
organization and coordination slipped.  Because of
this; the next casualty happen five minutes later.
Those casualties just happen to be Asake, Washu and
Kamidake.  The plan was for Ryoko and Washu to fire
bolts at tenchi but spaced far enought apart that
would force him to use his lh-wings to defend their
shots.  Then have Asaka and kamidake fire their shots
from a different angle about one second after they
fired theirs.  There was only one flaw in Washu's
plan.  As planed Mihoshi engaged Tenchi and distracted
him.  Ryoko, Washu, Azaka, and Kamidake fired their
shots as planned.  Just as planned Tenchi defended the
first two shots deflecting them at Asaka and Kamidake.
 As Asaka's and kamidake's shots came in Washu
realized  something 'there is something wrong, I don't
know, what it is but there is something wrong.' Then
that's when she finally noticed the blue blade in
Tenchi's hand but how could that be? When it was Yosho
who was suppose to have it.  When did he manage to get
tenchi-kun?  That means. "Oh god no!"  She couldn't
turn her eyes from where the shots where to hit
tenchi.  When the shots appeared to be one foot away
the third and final light-hawk-wing appeared to her
shame.  'I'm suppose to be the greatest scientist in
the galaxy how can this be? How did I miss that, how
come somebody like me miss something so simple as the
color change in his sword.  Knowing it signified that
he had use of the third wing once again.'  As she was
thinking that the shots reflected  right at her.  'I
hope using all my energy and all my reserve I can put
up a shield to stop this'  *You know you only have
anough to stop one but there are two.  And you are
suppose to be the greatest scientist in the whole
galaxy!*  Washu's world went black.  The next thing
Washu saw was the roof of her lab and Sasami's face
hanging above her.

Ryoko after firing her shot rushed at Tenchi and he
had also started to come her way.  Then it happend,
here link with Washu just dissappeared.  With alarm
she spun to look were Washu was to see what happened.
Bad tactical mistake.  It was the opening Tenchi
needed to end this fight.  He slashed in like a bat
out of hell and deactivated his blade.  While Ryoko
was distracted he slammed tenchi-kun into her stomach
which caused her to lose her breath and then it
shocked her making her blackout for ten seconds.  She
slammed into the ground with Tenchi standing over her
ready to knock her out of the exercise.  But Mihoshi
was able to get there in time to get him off her.

Tenchi knew that if he didn't end this soon he was
going to passout do to fatigue.  So he broke contact
with Mihoshi.  As she tried to come back in he grabed
one of the wings and threw it at her just as he did
when he fought Kagato.  It hit her in the mid-section
causing her to fold over.  He had the other two strike
her in the sides as he came forward and delivered a
devastating attack.  'That attack looked like a 32 hit
ultra combo Tenchi droped on me when he used Jago the
last time we played. I know Mihoshi is going to feel
that one in the morning.' thought Sasami. Mihoshi
slamed into a tree and her power armor came apart.

Ryoko was dizzy her vision was blurred and her energy
level was realy low.  She barely knew where she was
until she saw Mahoshi getting worked.  She rushed to
get to her aid but was too late.  She was mad at
herself because she didn't get there in time to help
Mihoshi like Mihoshi was there for her.  She saw
Mihoshi's face just before she was transported away
and saw her mouth  moving trying to say "I'm sorry I
failed..."  Mihoshi passed out before finishing what
she was saying.

Ryoko was enraged and attacked.  Tenchi went on the
deffensive to weather the storm.  He knew that it was
now or never.  So when she went for a overhead slash
he deactivated his blade and dodged to her left.
While doing that he grabbed her waist and he spun
around to her back.  With this acomplished he placed
Tenchi-kun at the base of her skull to shock her
unconcious.  He held on to her as she went out.  "Ok
Sasami transport Ryoko and go and make sure everyone
is doing ok.  Go ahead and wake Washu so she can tell
you what you need to do.  I'll be in once I clean up
around here."  Once Ryoko was transported to the lab,
Tenchi left to go clean up the mess that had been
caused.

"You got it Tenchi."  Sasami said.

------------------------------------------------

Washu's lab

"Little Washu?" Washu opened her eyes to Sasami's
voice.  "I need your help." she pointed to the rest of
the group.  Everyone of them on a table just like she
was except Mihoshi who was in a regenerating chamber.

"Oh ok" said Washu.  It took five minutes to clear her
head enough to think straight but once she did; the
two got to work fixing up everyone.

-----------------------------------------------

Dinner Table

Dinner only had four members ( the rest were
recovering in the lab ).  Tenchi, Ryo-ohki, Sasami,
and baby Mayuka were all eating.

"Did Washu have any problems with anyone's injuries?"
Tenchi asked Sasami.

"Hmm?  Oh no, just minor sprains, bruises, concusions
and cuts on everyone except Mihoshi."

Afraid of what the answer would be, he still asked
Sasami. "How bad is Mihoshi?"

"Four broken ribs, sprained knee, pulled muscules in
her back, and a broken arm.  Washu says she will be
fine by tomorrow at dinner time.  She just won't be
able to anything for at least two weeks with that
arm." Tenchi winced at the damage he had caused
Mihoshi.

"I'm going to have to apologize to her for that.  Any
way Sasami."

"Hmmm?"

"Thank you for your help in this."

"Ohhh, it's ok."  she said blushing

"Sasami there is going to be a meeting after dinner
tomorrow.  there is something I want you to wear in a
brown bag in your room, change into it after we have
dinner tomorrow.  You're to wear that and only that
during that time.  You will understand why at that
time.  Please."

'Sure thing Tenchi." the rest of the day and most of
the next day was relativity quiet.  Tenchi managed the
shine for his grandpa.  The rest of the group slowly
emerged from the lab throughout the day.

-----------------------------------------

Shrine

Tenchi was in the main office when his grandpa showed
up.

"Tenchi." Kasuhito said.

"Yes grandpa?"

"That was a interesting training that you had set up.
I was just wondering did you get all your questions
answered?"

"Actually I did.  W-what h-how did you know?"

Kasuhito smiled "Just as I thought you did have a
reason for your actions.  So what did you find?" he
asked with a smirk.

"Respect and trust is what I found.  There were more
things but I will reveal those things after Dinner
tonight."

"Oh I see, So it looks like there is going to be a lot
of fireworks tonight."

"I say there will be some but I need a favor from you
if I can ask?"

"Let me hear it and I can tell you if I can do as you
ask."

"Well I'm going on a trip for a couple of days.
During that time there will be some things happening
to the girls and I need you to keep a close eye on
them.  Especially after the third day I'm gone.
Nerves will be very thin around here and I was hoping
you could try to Keep them straight till I can get
back.  To settle things back down."

"I see, and how goes your decision?"

"I have made my decision and that is why I'm taking
this trip.  To set things straight and for the girls
to make their decision.  I want to give them that time
to make the right one.  One with the heart not the
mind.  The mind might say yes but the heart may have
doubts."

"You have grown to be a wise man Tenchi.  Sometimes
Thickheaded but wise now and then."

"Thank you grandpa."  Tenchi turned to leave "I would
like it if you were there.  So can I expect you to be
there then?"

"Yes you may."

"One last thing."

"Hmmm?"

"I would like to show Ayeka the truth about you.  It's
the only way I can get a true answer from her."

"So how did you find out about me?"

"Tsunami"

"Then yes you may.  It's about time I was going to put
this old man to rest once again, soon anyway."

"Thank you grandpa." Tenchi left the shrine to go to
where he  was to meet Tsunami.

-------------------------------------------

Dinner

Every member of the house was present.  Tenchi's dad
had come home for the weekend.  Kyone had come back
from a class that she had been taking at the galaxy
police HQ.  And everyone else was finally out of
Washu's lab even Mihoshi  who still had a cast on her
arm.  Tenchi had apologized to every one for hurting
and injuring them.

"Girls I'm sorry for what I've done and to make it up
I have something for all of you.  After dinner I'll
give it to you."

------------------------------------------

30 minutes later

Everyone had gathered to see what Tenchi was going to
give them.  Sasami had went upstairs to change as
Tenchi had asked earlier.  Everyone was in waiting
with anticipation.  Tenchi came in the room with two
boxes one black and a smaller blue box.

"Kyone and Mihoshi, the two of you have been good
friends to me and my family.  To us you have even
become part of this family.  Your gifts are in this
Blue box it is something I thought the two of you
deserved a long time ago, so here."  Tenchi opened the
box and handed the two a badge and a patch each.  "As
of today you have been officially permanently assigned
to this sector of space to be headquartered here on
earth.  Also you both are promoted to the rank of
Captain to which you'll be co-post commanders of this
sector.  You will receive your first subordinates in
two weeks time."  everyone was in shock.  They both
looked at the badges and the patches and then each
other and promptly passed out.

"Tenchi how did you do that this is a Jurai protected
zone?"  asked Ayeka

"That it is but all it takes is a Juraian royal family
member to demand that GP set a permanent station to
keep the likes of Kagato, Dr. Clay, and others like
that from coming to the area again.  Then drop some
well placed names..."  he shruged his shoulders.
There were some laughs.  "Now tho the rest of you.
What I have here in this box is something that the
rest of you want and don't want.  It holds your
dreams.  That means your fantasies and your
nightmares.  Your heart will determine which it holds.
 There is one for each of you, Ayeka, Ryoko, Sasami,
Washu, and also Ryo-ohki.  Ayeka you first, will you
step forward please."  she does "Ayeka two days ago
you showed me that in a pressure situation you could
keep your calm and your head.  You also showed that
you had a great command presence and an ability to get
the most out of those who have decided to follow you.
You were able to trust those around you with no
question and you showed them that they could trust you
too.  For that I give you my trust and this."  he
opens the box to reveal five smaller boxes each with
the name of each of the girls on it.  He handed her
the one with her name on it.

"Thank you, lord Tenchi" then she sat down

"Little Washu your up next.  You have proven to be a
trusting person when you want to be and a untrust
worthy person at other times but as with Ayeka you
have proven the ability to get others to trust you and
also you trusting them.  So this is yours."  Washu
stepped up and grabed hers then it happened.  As she
touched hers she went from her normal 12 year old look
to about the look of a 21 year old.  "As I said before
miss Washu,  I think it is about time for you to
grow-up and take the responsability of your actions.
Tsunami has asure me that the memories that you have
lost or have forgotten on purpose will return to you
over the next 7 days."

"So that's how you did that Tsunami help you do this."
 she sat down also

Ryo-ohki was next; hers went just like Washu's did she
also grew.  She now looked like a 17 year old.  "Washu
I was wondering if you could help Ryo-ohki be able to
talk like the rest of us.

"That shouldn't be that hard.  I'll get to it in the
morning."

"Thank you.  Ryoko you have shown us all that you
trust us and that we can trust you.  You have even
shown the ability to respect and follow others even if
you and the other don't like each other much.  You
have also tried your best to fit in even if it was
strange to you.  You have been a big sister to some, a
daughter to other, and  even like a sister even if
neither of you want to admit it.  So this is for you."
 Ryoko touched her's and something started to glow on
her wrist and neck.  She felt both places and was
shocked to find the other two gems.  "I trust you so I
have returned to you what belongs to you."

She jumped him "Thank you" Kiss "Thank you" kiss "You
don't know how much this means to me." kiss

"Ryoko stop this instant don't..." Ayeka was fuming

"What, you could have done this to him you know" she
said as she got off Tenchi and went to sit back down.

Sasami stepped forward wearing shorts that were three
sizes to big and a black button up shirt that looked
like it could have  fit Tenchi. "Sasami what are you
wearing? asked Ayeka

"She is wearing what I had asked her to wear for this
event." Tenchi answered for her

"Oh, and why have you asked her to wear something like
that?"

"In due time, in due time.  Sasami yours is given to
you because of your kind heart and you devotion to
what you know is right.  Here."  Sasami touched it and
like Washu and Ryo-oki she grew.  She went from a
loveable 10 year old to a 5 ft 9 inch goddess 40 28 36
with an ass to go with them ta ta's.  SHe had that
perfect s curve look from the side.  Nice toned look
to the legs.  Those big shorts now were dassie dukes
and the shirt barely could hold her. 'Daaaaaammmmmn'
All the fellas had nose bleeds.  Both Tenchi's dad and
grandfather were getting weak from blood lost.  Tenchi
was just starting to have one.  "Y-Yo-you and Tsunami
have now joined on all levels but mentally that will
take about seven days for that to happen.  Once it has
finish you will be one with her but separate from her.
 You will still be who you are but you will also be
her as well."  All was fine with Tenchi until she
spoke.

"Oh god I've finally got breasts.  Thank you Tenchi."
She had said that with a voice that could make a
straight woman think about it.  She then proceed to
sit on Tenchi's lap and give him a deep kiss then went
back to her seat.  There were no complaints from the
other girls because they themselves had nose bleeds
and became to weak to do anything because of her
voice.

It took 20 minutes before Tenchi could regain any
control of himself before he was able to talk again.
"Now that is over here is the reason for these gifts.
I have made my decision where it comes to the five of
you in those boxes is my answer.  I'm going on a trip
with Mayuka, we will be gone for about six to seven
days.  During this time I hope that all of you will be
able to come up with the answer to this question I
have."

"What is this question that you have Tenchi?" asked
Ryoko

"Do you realy love me?  Is the Question.  Before you
say anything I have to say something." All the girls
closed their mouths.  "I don't want to hear the answer
now I'll see and hear it and feel it when I get back.
An answer now will be one from the mind not from the
heart.  I want you to spend the next seven days
thinking about that question and also this.  My wife
will have to respect, treat and love the other wives
as a sister.  You will always put this family first.
Meaning if let's say for instance; if it was this
family or Jurai, it is us then jurai.  I want you all
to think about this over this time.  One last thing,
please don't open the boxes till I come back.  Any
questions?

"How come your leaving?" asked Sasami

"Mayuka and my self have to take care of some
unfinished busness.  That is all the info I can give
you at this time.  And before you ask no you can't
come it will be unsafe for anyone other than the two
of us."

"when do you leave Tenchi?" asked Ryoko who was
pouting

"In ten minutes."

"Naaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnniiiiiiii!!!!!!!!!????????"
they all said

"Yes that is correct." Tsunami said as she appeard
next to Tenchi

"What do you have to do with this Tsunami?" asked
Sasami

"Tenchi had asked if I would take him to where he is
going so I'm taking him." Tenchi then said his
goodbye's and kissed each of them before going
upstairs to get his and Mayuka's things for the trip.

-------------------------------------------------

Outside

"I'll be back in seven days, and when I do I'll be
ready to marry you all."  That's when the spaceship
tree Tsunami came out of subspace.  You won't be able
to follow us so don't try please.  This needs to be
done with no distractions or this could be bad for us
all.  If you ever need to talk to me and it better be
very important have Sasami contact Tsunami."  As he
was being transport to the ship "Ayeka that is the
other part of my gift."  Tenchi pointed.  Everyone
looked at where Tenchi was pointing and instead of the
old man that they where use to it was a young Yosho.
Ayeka spun around to Tenchi and there was nothing.  No
ship no nothing.  Ayeka's heart hurt bad she has
finally heard Tenchi say he loved her and now she sees
the face of the man she has love for most of her life.


Yosho! How could this be?