                          Kougo no Tenchi Muyo
                       (An Alternate Tenchi Muyo)

                         Mimoto wo Machigatteru
                          (Mistaken  Identity)
                            by Hakubi Ryouko

        The ship was unlike any other in the galaxy, with its flaring
spikes top and bottom.  It looked more sculpted than built, like some
artist had tried to capture beauty and horror in one likeness.  Everyone in
the known galaxies had heard of it, and its captain.  Everyone that had
heard of it kept a wide berth, fearing the consequences of a chance
encounter with the dreaded ship.  Silently, gracefully, the Ryou-ou-ki
cruised across the cosmos.

        Inside the spacious bridge, surrounded not by computer equipment or
a large crew but by several small diamond shaped crystals, sat the captain,
pilot, and only crew of the great ship.  She lounged languidly in a
floating cushion, gazing out through the viewscreen which sat before her,
golden eyes just barely open.  She yawned, then stretched her lithe figure
and ran her hands through her cyan hair.  Ryouko, called the Queen of
Pirates, was bored.

        Sometimes having a reputation wasn't all it was cracked up to be.
Every ship within the quadrant, as well as the neighboring ones, had
suddenly taken different trade routes to their destinations.  This both
confused and bothered her, since she had been extremely careful to creep
into this sector.  No one knew she was here.  Which meant that the ships
were scared of something else.  That anyone else would cut into her fun
really annoyed her.

        ~ Mistress? ~ Ryou-ou-ki called.  This was the reason that Ryouko
could run her ship without a crew.  It was very much alive.

        "Yes Ryou-ou-ki?"

        ~ I have detected a ship. ~

        Ryouko sat up, her eyes gleaming.

        "Type?" she asked.  Ryou-ou-ki was silent for a few moments.

        ~ Unknown.  We have never encounterd this type of vessel before. ~

        Ryouko grinned.  Maybe this trip would be fruitful.

        "Combat rating?" she asked.

        ~ At present... zero. ~

        Zero?  Ryouko groaned, leaning back into her chair.  Zero?  Must be
an unarmed transport or someone's private yacht.  Nothing worth bothering
with.  Ryouko didn't pick on helpless victims.  She was a most unusual
pirate.  She didn't do things for the booty.  She did it for the thrill,
the rush she felt in combat.  She didn't need food to sustain her, nor,
really, did she need air.  Her body could withstand the ravages of space
without a suit.  She wasn't a common criminal.  She was a unique one.

        Suddenly a thought struck her and she sat up.

        "Did you say 'at present'?" she asked her ship.

        ~ Yes. ~

        "What would it normally be?"

        ~ Based on the configuration of the ship, and its overall size, its
projected rating would be two thousand. ~

        Ryouko blinked, impressed.  That was the highest rating she'd ever
run across.  Ryou-ouki was rated at five thousand, but she was as unique as
her captain.  Ryouko leaned back into her couch, pondering.  Something, or
someone, had done a real number on that ship if its rating was only zero.
Which meant there was someone else trolling about.  There was another
predator in this quadrant.  Ryouko hated competition.

        "Take us to the ship, Ryou-ou-ki.  I want to see just what kind of
'predator' is in our waters."

        ~ Acknowledged. ~

        Ryouko smiled, as Ryou-ou-ki voiced her presence with a long
"miya".  Perhaps this trip really wasn't going to be a waste after all.

                                     *

        It was a total loss.  That was the first thought that went through
Ryouko's mind as she gazed at what had once been a beautiful vessel.  It
had been organic, she could tell.  The wooden debris that surrounded what
was left of the hull gave testimony to that.  It had been long too, though
now it was maybe a quarter of its original size.  Ryouko ground her teeth.
This wasn't an act of piracy.  This was simple, wanton destruction.
Whoever had pounced on this ship had hit sections that had nothing to do
with disabling a ship for plunder.  They had been out to kill anyone
aboard.

        "What a waste." she whispered.

        ~ Mistress, I am reading four life forms within the largest section
of the hull.  Also, I have picked up a fading distress beacon from the same
location. ~

        Ryouko frowned.  She wasn't into stretching out a helping hand.
Not that she hadn't, mind you.  She just preferred not to -- people have
this tendency to become mushy towards those who save them.  She sighed,
angry with herself.  One day she must really become harder, emotionally.
An energy spark appeared on her ankle and moved its way upward, converting
her clothing into a spacesuit.  No sense tipping her hand.

        "Ryou-ou-ki, keep a watch out.  These barbarians might decide to
come back and check their handiwork."

        ~ And if someone does come? ~

        Ryouko's eyes flashed.

        "If they're the 'predators' that did this, I'm going to enjoy
showing them who the real predator is."

        With that, Ryouko faded out, disappearing from the bridge of her
ship -- and reappearing inside the wrecked hull.  She looked around,
noticing that some of the wood hadn't been from the ship.  What looked to
have been containment units or exo-suits were also floating among the
debris.

        Patterned after barrels, they stood about two meters tall.  Four
smaller barrels jutted from beneath the main log, forming a trapezoidal 
base. These made up the counter-gravity system used to propel the units.  
One "gem" was embedded into the otherwise smooth upper log, though the one 
she looked at now was cracked down its center.  That and the gaping hole in 
the unit's side told Ryouko all she needed to know.

        She flew through the debris, noting the number of units she saw, as
well as the remains of several bodies.  The clothing was strange, almost
flowing robes.  Ryouko searched her memory, but she didn't remember ever
running across these people.  They were certainly space faring.  Maybe
there was some clue as to who had attack this ship.  She crested a large
piece of debris -- and stopped.  Less than twenty yards away were two
working exo-suits.  The units were emitting a containment field which
seemed to be protecting two people.

        The Guardians swiveled their "eyes" to Ryouko, but did nothing
else.  The pirate stared at the two in the field, while they stared back.
They were girls, prabably sisters judging from the facial bone structure.
The older of the two had purple hair worn in a bowl cut that hung to her
shoulders, bangs which hovered just over her eyebrows, and two long pony-
tails.  Her sister had light blue hair set in two tails which flared out
from the sides of her head.  They were huddled together, the older of the
two holding her sister protectively.

        "Who are you?" the eldest asked.

        Ryouko floated over to the containment field, sizing up the
survivors.  The eldest shrank back, shielding her sister even more.

        "Let's just say I'm not the one that attacked you, and leave it at
that.  Who are you?" Ryouko asked.  The girl raised her chin defiantly.
Ryouko shrugged, then smiled.

        "No skin off of my nose." she said, floating away.  "I hope someone
else comes by soon.  Bye-bye."

        "Wa -- Wait!" the elder girl called stretching her hand out.
Ryouko stopped.

        "Yes?"

        The girl stared at Ryouko for a few minutes, obviously struggling
with her conscience.  Then the younger one stirred and groaned.  The elder
looked down at her sister, then hung her head.

        "Please... Please, help us." she said, almost too softly to be
heard.  Ryouko raised an eyebrow.

        "And you would be?" she asked again.  The girl looked up, then
away.

        "I am Princess Aeka of the planet Jurai." she said.  She watched
Ryouko for any reaction.  The pirate frowned.  Oh brother, she thought.
This may be more trouble than it's worth.

        "And who are you?" Aeka asked.

        "I'm... Zero." Ryouko said with a smile.

        "Please, Miss Zero.  Will you help us?"

        "I don't know." Ryouko said.  "What's it worth to you?"

        Aeka blinked at Ryouko in amazement.

        "You -- You wouldn't leave us here?  You wouldn't leave us to die!"
the princess screamed.  Ryouko shrugged, non-committally and the princess'
expression warred between outrage and hopelessness.

        ~ Mistress. ~

        Ryouko started.

        ~ Yes? ~ she sent.

        ~ A ship has appeared.  It is heading for our position. ~

        ~ Type? ~

        ~ Modified free trader.  Combat rating five-hundred.  She's running
no identification code. ~

        ~ Scavs. ~

        ~ That is my determination. ~

        Ryouko sighed.  If she left these two here now they'd either be
dead or on the slave ships.

        "Okay, princess.  I'll take you to my ship and then on to a port.
Once there you can arrange for transportation back to your world."

        Aeka nodded furiously, clutching her sister tightly.

        "Who is that?" Ryouko nodded the girl.

        "This is my sister, Sasami," Aeka said, then looked down on the
younger princess.  "She is badly hurt."

        Ryouko glided over to the edge of the shield, and looked in.  She
finally noticed that there were globules of blood floating within the
field.  She cursed as Sasami's abdominal wound was now visible.

        ~ Ryou-ou-ki! ~

        ~ Mistress? ~ the ship answered Ryouko's mental call.

        ~ Prep the med-lab!  I'm bringing aboard survivors! ~

        ~ Yes mistress.  That scav ship is still closing. ~

        ~ ETA? ~

        ~ Ten minutes. ~

        Ryouko nodded then looked at the logs.

        "Are you two sentient?" she asked.

        "They are." Aeka answered for them.  "But they are using what
energy they have to protect us."

        Ryouko sighed, then leaned against the lower unit.  She started
pushing the logs and their charges back through the destroyed ship, and
out an opening.  Ryou-ou-ki floated there, waiting.  Aeka watched as the
ship came into full view and continued growing with no sign of an opening.

        "Miss Zero!" Aeka shouted -- just as she past through ship's hull
like it was water.  The princess blinked and found herself standing on the
bridge of the ship with Ryouko sitting in the chair.  She looked about for 
a second the turned to Ryouko.

        "Miss Zero, where is my sister?" she asked.

        "Okay, let's go." the pirate said to her ship.

        "She's with your logs in sick-bay." she said to Aeka without 
turning around.

        As Ryou-ou-ki "miya"-ed and got underway, Ryouko then turned to 
Aeka, her expression thoughtful.

        "So, princess.  What dastardly fiend did that to your ship?" she
asked.

        "'Fiend' is an appropriate word, Miss Zero.  She attacked us
without provocation... without mercy.  I'd heard of her, but -- it seems
the stories that had reached my ears were in err."

        "She?" Ryouko asked, wondering who this mystery female pirate was.
Aeka nodded.

        "Yes, 'she'.  The most dangerous pirate in existence.  The oft
proclaimed Queen of Pirates.  Ryouko."
