                         Kougo no Tenchi Muyo
                       (An Alternate Tenchi Muyo)

                          Tetsudai no Nebun
                         (The Price for Aid)
                          by  Hakubi Ryouko

        Obsidian-four.

        The very name sends chills down the spines of your average 
spacefarer.  An entire quadrant of space homesteaded by the largest 
collection of criminals in the galaxy.  The galaxy police no longer 
patrolled there, after losing an entire precinct to it.  Only those on the 
run from the law, or those looking for people who are, venture into 
Obsidian-four -- with no guarentee that they'd come out again.

        The main "hideout" was a station which orbitted a large gas giant.  
Ships of all shapes and sizes vectored onto and off of the station -- no 
checks, no questions. Just a place to hide, sell, and relax.  One popular 
place was sarcastically called 'Police Headquarters'.  This watering hole 
was reputed to being the information dispensory for the station.  If you 
need answers to questions about the "who's who" in the criminal world you 
went there. Normally the Q&A sessions are done descretely. Normally.

                               * * * * *

        The bouncer did just that -- bounced.  He bounced off of his head, 
the table behind him and through the large window.  The portly 
bartener/owner of HQ cringed as the last unbroken window splintered into 
bite size shards. He turned to the cloaked figure which had just laid waste 
to his establishment and hired help as it dusted itself off.  Then it 
turned and walked up to the bar, pulling the hood from it's head.

        "Ryo -- Ryouko?" he stammered out, taking a hasty step back.  The 
cyan haired pirate narrowed her eyes dangerously.  Faster than the eye 
could follow, she'd grabbed his neck with her right hand and lifted him a 
good three feet off of the ground.

        "My name is 'Zero'.  Got it?" she asked, shaking him a little.  The 
man gurgled, beating ineffectually at Ryouko's hand.  She cocked an 
eyebrow, then dropped the large owner on his rear.

        "Wha -- What do you want, Ryou -- " he began, until one of his bar 
stools imbedded itself in the wall just above his head.  "Uh -- That is, 
Zero."

        "Information, what else?" Ryouko said, reaching behind the bar for 
a jug of sake, oblivious to the murderous stare she was getting from the 
owner.  "And everyone knows that if 'Chief' doesn't know about it, it isn't
happening."

        The owner nodded once, then picked himself off of the floor.

        "What kind of information?" Chief asked.  Ryouko uncorked the jug 
with a *POP* and took a healthly swig.

        "I need to know the activites of one... Ryouko." she said.  Chief 
opened his mouth -- then blinked.

        "But you're Ryouko." he said before he could think.  The sake jug 
exploded against his head, shattering into dozens of ceramic shards.  Chief 
stumbled back, stunned and reeking of alchohol.  Seconds later Ryouko had 
him slammed against the wall, his neck supporting his entire weight on the
valley of her crossed wrists.

        "My. Name. Is. Zero." she growled out softly.  "Forget again, and 
you won't have to remember it."

        Chief gagged.

        "Now, I want to know who's been parading about the galaxy, 
mascarading as me." she continued.

        "Do -- Don't know." Chief gurgled out.  Ryouko narrowed her eyes.  
"Really.  Do -- Don't know."

        Ryouko snarled and dropped him again.  Chief coughed loudly as 
Ryouko turned away.

        "Everything points to you.  Ship, method.  Everything." he rasped 
out, rubbing his neck.

        "Not everything." she snarled. Chief blinked, then nodded.

        "True.  You've... Ryouko's been tagged a killer now.  Couple of 
guys actually like that.  Others -- aren't so thrilled.  There's a bounty 
on her head."

        Ryouko turned to him.

        "Five hundred million, Jurai.  Seems she's responsible for the 
death of the crown prince and princesses of Jurai."

        Ryouko growled.  She stalked over to Chief, her hands strenched 
into claws and an angry energy sparked between her fingers.  Chief 
scrambled away as he saw the fury in Ryouko's eyes.

        "Miss Zero?  Are you in there?"

        The effect was incredible, and lifesaving.  The energy vanished 
from Ryouko's hands and she straightened, satisfying herself with glaring 
down at Chief as two young women walked into the bar.  They were dressed
similarly to Ryouko -- old cloaks, boots, and clothing.  A few feathers and
beads in their hair.  Everything to give the illusion that they were bounty
hunters.  Everything except their bearing.  Their stance.

        "I thought I told you to stay with Ryou-ou-ki." she said, turning 
her back on Chief.  She looked from Aeka to Sasami.  The aqua-blue haired 
princess was looking quite well considering the near fatal wound she'd 
received during the attack.

        "We were getting worried about you Zero-neesan." Sasami said with a
dimpling smile.  Ryouko smiled  -- then blinked.  There was something wrong
with Sasami's hair.  A red tinge.  Looked like a couple of red --

        "AEKA, GET SASAMI DOWN!!!" Ryouko yelled, running towards Chief's 
bar.  Aeka started, then pushed Sasami to the ground, letting the laws of
physics pushed her towards the wall as electric death lanced through the
doorway.

        Sasami screamed and held herself in a fetal position as Aeka made
herself as small a target as possible.  Chief started to crawled to the
relative safety of the bar as Ryouko dove behind it, bolts of energy
smashing into wood paneling.  She cursed as more shots slammed against the
bar, and Sasami screamed in terror.

        "Ryouko!  We know you're in there!" a voice called, between shots.  
"Make it easy on us."

        Ryouok growled.  She could waltz out there and trounce all those 
idiots without breaking a sweat.  But then she would be blowing her cover.
Peeking over the top of the bar, she saw something interesting, just
before dropping back down as more bolts lanced into the establishment.

        "You've got your furniture reinforced with ship plating?" she asked 
Chief.  The owner nodded.

        "It pays on this planet.  Haven't had to replace any furniture.  
Just the paneling." he said.  Ryouko smiled.

        "Well, get ready to replace a table." she declared as she started 
to stand.

        "Huh?" Chief said as she vaulted over the bar.  She crossed in a 
crouch until she was under a table, then braced her back against the table 
bottom and stood up.  The scream of tearing metal echoed through the bar.  
Chief popped his head up, eyes wide -- then a bolt flew right past his 
head, reminding him of why he was staying down.  Ryouko finished ripping 
the table top from its base and held it before her like a shield.  She 
braced it against the window, blocking the majority of the shots flying 
into HQ.

        "GET BEHIND THE BAR AND STAY DOWN!" she screamed at Aeka, as her 
makeshift shield reverberated from the impacts.  Aeka blinked once at 
Ryouko then quickly grabbed her sister and dashed behind the bar.  Ryouko 
made certain that the princesses were safe and down, then dropped the table 
top and stood to one side.

        The blaster bolts strafed the inside of HQ again, but now Ryouko 
wasn't worried.  She was mad.  Smiling, she stepped through the doorway, 
striding into the street.  Ten men stood in a killing cresent, firing into 
the establishment -- that is until Ryouko stepped into view.  In a matter 
of moments all of the blaster fire concetrated on her -- and was diverted 
by a force field.  Two steps beyond the doorway Ryouko ceased walking and 
began to slowly float towards the center of the cresent.  In response the 
men closed the cresent into a circle, pouring bolt after bolt at her.  
Ryouko smiled -- a dangerous, feral thing that smile.

        She held her right hand out, thumb pointed down and fingers 
splayed.  Small mites of energy streamed from her digits to a point in 
front of her hand and centered on her palm.  A small sphere of energy began 
to form as she narrowed her eyes.

        "My turn, gentlemen." she said.

        A red beam of energy screamed from her hand and struck the ground 
before the man in front of her.  The explosion threw the attacker twenty 
feet back, parting him from his weapon.  Ryouko fired another bolt and 
another attacker flew away.  Another bolt, and another attacker and his 
weapon were parted. Ryouko sent five of her ten assailants flying before 
the others stopped to contemplate their course of action.

        As Ryouko turned to the others, her eyes blazing, one man screamed 
and began to jerk uncontrolledly.  Then he fell to the ground, smoke rising
from his back.  Behind him stood a cloaked figure with a stun staff in its
hands.  The hunters turned from the newest opponent to Ryouko and back,
wondering whom to attack.  The cloaked figure made the choice for them.

        It twirled its staff and struck one hunter resoundly on the head.  
The man began to jerk about, until the figure spun around and knocked his 
legs from under him.  The remaining men began to turn their weapons on the 
figure when three red beams knocked them from their hands.  They shot 
shocked glances at Ryouko, who just waved at them and pointed.

        One man flipped foward and landed hard as the figure's staff 
slammed into his legs.  Another's feet were swept from him while the third 
ate the end of the staff as the figure spun a full circle, striking the 
first man's ankles with a sweep, and came up with the staff aimed at the 
other man's head.  The second man jumped back from the electricity coursing 
through him and crumbled to the ground.  The first one knocked down got an 
axe-kick to the head as the figure walked by him.

        Ryouko landed, cocking an eyebrow, as the figure strode up to her.  
It collapsed it's staff and stuffed it into the folds of its cloak.  Then 
it whipped about, its cloak cracking the sound barrier and pistol whipped 
the last man standing.  As the man began to fall, the figure finished its 
turn, and extended its arm, the barrle of the pistol less than an inch from
Ryouko's forhead.  But, then again, Ryouko's hand was just inches from the
figure's face.  The man struck the ground with a dull THUD -- then all was
quiet.

        "Nice to see you again, Mihoshi." Ryouko said with a smile.  The 
figure pulled back the hood of its cloak with her free hand, revealing a 
tan, youthful face, full curly, blond hair, and intelligent blue eyes.

        "Hello, Ryouko." Mihoshi said in her sultry voice.  "You broke our 
deal."

        "Huh?" Ryouko said as the blaster pointed at her whined to its 
highest charge.

        "Ryouko, Queen of Pirates, you are under arrest." Mihoshi said.  
Ryouko narrowed her eyes.

        A wind flowed down the street and blew the women's cloaks around.

