Tenchi Muyo!  
The Last Day Here
By Jennani@aol.com
------------------

		Chapter 1

	Dear Sasami                                                                                    

	I guess I should tell you whats going on, since Azura came to get
Ayeka and you live hasn’t been easy, Ryoko keeps telling every one that we
will soon be married, I wish she would stop. Oh, I forgot to ask you how you
and Ayeka are doing? Having fun on Jurai? We all miss you here on earth.
Ryo-Ohki says Hi, well kinda in meow way, she said some thing the other
day I think you would like to know she said "Sasami" she misses you like the
rest of us. Well I guess I should let you get back to what you were doing,
Bye.
							Love,	
							Tenchi

-=-=-

	Dear Tenchi,

	Hi, Ryo-Ohki said my name? I am very bored Ayeka is
eating all the attention up, guys keep on telling us how
unfortunate we were. I always say I had a good time but
Ayeka thinks keeping guys out on a limb is fun. Oh, Tenchi I
miss being on earth. Father keeps telling me it is because I
got used to living there but I guess I miss all the good times.
I need to help Ayeka so I got to go, bye.
							love,
							Tsunami, Sasami

-=-=-

	Dear Sasami

	Ayeka likes being in the center of attention, remember. Sasami I am
very sorry your bored. Maybe your dad will let up and let you stay here for
while. I don’t have much to say. Bye
							love,
							Tenchi

-=-=-

	I wrote Tenchi after that but I never heard from him again, it’s
like he disappeared so I wrote Washuu she didn’t reply either. The
strange thing is Ayeka is gone. I have not seen her 2 days, since after
the ball. It’s like all the people I loved or cared for disappeared. Where
are you guys?

 	Am I just imagining things or did some thing bad happened. I
must go to Earth, and find Tenchi, and the others. I must go. Well I
got the last ship on Jurai. I don’t know how to work it all the way but
I’ve seen Ayeka do it many times, so I got the hang of it. Finally I see
Earth, what? That is a Jurai Battle Ship and theres Ayeka’s ship to why
didn’t she tell me she was going to Earth? NO!!!!!!!!!!!! I have been hit
by a stray lazer but I made it safely on the ground.

Sasami sceams "OOOOWWW!!!!!" and looks at her arm.
Sasami’s burns and cuts are bad but she keeps moving, she makes it
to the Masaki House, she enters the house and falls because of the
pain. But she got back up and started walking around.

Sasami shouts "Tenchi, Ryo-Ohki, Washuu, where are you?"

But the house fell silent, so Sasami walk around looking in hopes to
find some thing that might tell the where abouts of her friends.

Sasami shouts again in pain "Ten......ooooooowwwwww!!!!!!!"

Sasami sees some thing on the floor so she bends down and picks it
up, it is a blood soaked rag, Sasami drops the rag and sceams.

Sasami runs out of the house in terror. Walks up to the Masaki shrine
thinking’ Tenchi where are you and why are there Jurai battle ships
around Earth. I don’t under stand, at that point she is at the Masaki
shine so she yells "Tenchi, Ryo-Ohki, Washuu..." and before she could
finish she here some thing, or some one.

Ryo-Ohki "Meow?". 

Sasami "Ryo-Ohki"

Ryo-Ohki "Sasami, is that you?"

Sasami "Yes, Ryo-Ohki it is me, where are the others?"

Ryo-Ohki runs up to Sasami and jumps into arms "Sasami they need
your help, can you turn into Pretty Sammy yet?"

Sasami "yes"

Ryo-Ohki "turn into Pretty Sammy then."

Sasami " Jugeimu jugeimu gokouno surike Sammy Davis buroira chikin!" 

Sasami turns into Magical Girl Pretty Sammy!!!

Ryo-Ohki jumps on to Sasami’s head and says "lets go!"

Sammy "Right, one thing though."

Ryo-Ohki "What is it?"

Sammy "Where are they?"

Ryo-Ohki "Nagi came and took them, I think they went to Planet Kaintra"

Sammy "That not possible."

Ryo-Ohki "why not, Sasami"

Sammy looks up "because on the way here Jurai Battle Ships were
fighting some thing" shows Ryo-Ohki the burns and cuts on her arm.

Sammy "not only that we don’t have a ship any more" sighs

Ryo-Ohki "I am a ship remember?"

Sammy looks very excited "oh, yeah!"

Ryo-Ohki jumps up into the air and stouts "Meow, meow, meow." and
turns into a space ship. "meow."

 Sammy jumps into the ship and her mind starts to wonder’ Thats why
I wasn’t told of Ayeka and the rest coming here they were going to
attack Earth,... or some thing on Earth, or some one. But why, Earth
doesn’t planetary travel yet so why were us Juraiains worried? Why
would Ryo-Ohki the last one there too?

Ryo-Ohki "Sasami I have a Jurai Battle Ship that wants to talk to you"

Sammy "OK, I will talk to them"

Azura looks very suprised "Sasami, what are you doing?"

Sammy "Father, I went looking for Tenchi, and my friends. Where are
they?"

Azura "That why came to Earth, Ayeka is missing?"

Sammy looks confused

Azura "We thought they planetary travel"

Sammy "Father if Earth had planetary travel do you think they would
go to Jurai and kidnap Ayeka?"

Azura puts his hand under his chin and rubs it "I guess they wouldn’t
go after Ayeka"

Azura "but they would go after Tsunami."

Sammy "Father, I will be OK don’t worry I have Ryo-Ohki with me."

Azura "I didn’t say I was worried about you, I said Tsunami."

Sammy smiles "Oh"

Azura "Sasami is there some thing that I don’t know?"

Sammy "No."

Azura "Get Ayeka back."

Sammy "yes"

Ryo-Ohki and Sammy start on they’re journey.

-=-=-

Meanwhile on Planet Kaintra, Tenchi and the others are being beaten.

Tenchi "Nagi stay back" Putting his body in between Nagi and the
others "I will not let you hurt my friends."

Nagi aims her crossbow at Tenchi "OK"

Ryoko pushes Tenchi to the side putting up a force field up, just in
time to keep an arrow from killing any one "Nagi, you will not hurt any
one but Ayeka" pushes Ayeka in front of them all.

Ayeka "This is all your fault Ryoko take your punishment like a good
little demon."

Ryoko "Ayeka you little ..... you need to go to hell."

Washuu "Shut up you two."

Nagi looks confused and aims the crossbow at Washuu "you need to
die for creating such a demon. Ryoko needs to die for being space
pirate, Ayeka because she is a brat<Ayeka "hey”". Ryo-Ohki, where is
Ryo-Ohki?" looks at Ken-Ohki "Where is she?"

Ken-Ohki "Meow."

Nagi shouts at Ken-Ohki "Ken-Ohki where is Ryo-Ohki."

Washuu looks happy "Ryo-Ohki, you are smart girl." She thinks, I just hope
Sasami comes for us.

Nagi "Tenchi, come."

Tenchi "As long as you leave the others a lone."

Ryoko, Ayeka, Washuu, "Tenchi!"

Tenchi leaves the room with Nagi

Ryoko "Don’t go, Don’t leave me," falls to the ground. "No! don’t go!"

Ryoko says with hate, rage, wants to kill Nagi "Nagi I will kill you!!"

Ayeka "Ryoko give it up we are stuck in here"

Ryoko fires a blast at Ayeka "shut up"

-=-=-

Meanwhile with Nagi and Tenchi.

Nagi sits down and points to the seat "Tenchi, please sit down"

Tenchi sits down

Nagi pulls the cape off her and starts to look at Tenchi

Tenchi looks a little worried

Nagi "Whats the madder Tenchi?  Relax."

Tenchi gulps and looks at Nagi.

Nagi puts what they are say on speaker so Ryoko and the others can
here. "Heh Heh"

Nagi "Tenchi why do you let Ryoko and Ayeka pester you so much?"
Tenchi "They don’t pester me"

Nagi "Come on tell the truth"

Tenchi "I am telling the truth"

Nagi puts her hand on Tenchi’s knee "Tell the truth.  Who do you like more?
A demon or me?"

Ryoko shouts "leave Tenchi alone!"

Tenchi "Umm..... umm.... could you remove your hand?"

Ryoko sceams "Take your hand off Tenchi"

Ayeka gets ready tell Ryoko to shut up when Washu holds her back
and shakes her head "I wouldn’t if I were you"

Nagi "Tell me."

Tenchi "I like Ryoko more then you."

Ryoko says softly "You do?"

Tenchi shouts "Nagi stop that."

Ryoko sceams "Nagi don’t you dare do any thing to Tenchi."

Nagi "Oh come Tenchi, you know you want to."

Ryoko’s face is red with anger shouts "Time to die Nagi." summons all
of her power puts a force field around Washuu, Ayeka, and then
herself. Fires the strongest blast she can with out blowing the force
field up.

Ayeka thinks’ it just might work with a little of my help "Azaka,
Kamidakae" no one hears and nothing works.

A dust cloud covers the place,

Ryoko waits for the cloud to clear, sees a hole in the wall.

Ryoko runs to the wall and climbs through the hole, "Come on."

Washuu "No, you go ahead,  We still have make Nagi think we are still
here.

Ayeka nods

Ryoko runs down the hall

Ayeka "good luck." says  it so quietly no one hears

Ryoko finds two paths, "No, which one"

Hears in the distance "Meow meow meow"

-=-=-

Back to Ryo-Ohki and Sammy

Ryo-Ohki shouts "Meow meow meow"

Ryo-Ohki "Sammy, I see some thing"

Sammy "I see it too, Ryo-Ohki"

Ryo-Ohki and Sammy see Planet Kiantra.

-=-=-

Back to Nagi

Ken-Ohki "Nagi, I see some thing in the distance."

Nagi "what?"

Ken-Ohki "I thinks its another air craft"

Tenchi thinks’ who is it, some thing in his head replies "it is I Tsunami  
of Jurai AKA Sasami!" ^_^

Washuu thinks’ Ryo-Ohki you good girl

Ryo-Ohki and Sasami land on Planet Kiantra.

Sasami "Where are they being held.  There are so many bluidings."

Ryo-Ohki "#340077932"

Sasami "Lets go!"

Ryo-Ohki and Sasami make it to bluiding #340077932

Sasami walks in the bluiding "Ryo-Ohki where are they in here?"

Ryo-Ohki "I don’t know."

-=-=-

Back to Ryoko.

Ryoko is wandering down a hall looking the room Tenchi and Nagi are 
in thinking Nagi if you do anything to Tenchi I will kill you for sure this
time.

Ryoko opens the door to a room and she sees Nagi trying to get
Tenchi’s cloths off him. 

Ryoko sceams and fires a blast at Nagi, yelling "Stop!!!!!!"

Nagi moves out of the way just in time and snickers.

Ken-Ohki jumps on Nagi’s shoulder, Nagi "Where is Ryo-Ohki?"

<snickers>

Ryo-Ohki hisses at Nagi <Ryo-Ohki just interred the room, Sammy
went to help Ayeka and Washuu> Ryo-Ohki jumps on Ryoko’s shoulder
and hisses at Nagi.

Nagi "so you just got here, <looks at Ken-Ohki> you let her get away
didn’t you?"

Ken-Ohki looks at Nagi innocently.

Ryoko "Good cabbit."

Ken-Ohki hisses at Ryoko, and then Ryo-Ohki hisses at Ken-Ohki.

Ken-Ohki hisses at Ryo-Ohki. 

Ryoko says "Time to die Nagi."

Nagi "No, its the other way around."

Ryoko fires a blast at Nagi. Nagi ducks and returns the blast. Ryoko
moves out of the just in time to watch the wall crumble to pieces.
Ryoko "Hey, watch where you fire that<it was aimed for her head>"

Ryoko "I always return my favors" fires a large blast at Nagi again.

Nagi made it out of the way just in the nick of time to keep it from
hitting her in head.

Ryoko laughs "I thought you would be tougher."

Nagi takes that time to get a sword and charge at Ryoko.

Ryoko makes a sword from her gems and charges also.

Ken-Ohki meows and lunges at Ryoko. Ryo-Ohki lunges at Ken-Ohki
protecting Ryoko from a distraction. Ryo-Ohki bites the unexpecting
Ken-Ohki in the leg and throws him 2 feet from the fight. Ken-Ohki
gets up and hisses at Ryo-Ohki, then lunges at the small a where
cabbit. Ken-Ohki bites at Ryo-Ohki and gets a mouth full of her fur.
Ryo-Ohki snickers.

Ryoko misses Nagi, and Nagi misses Ryoko by a mile. 

Ryoko "You arnt good at close combat <snickers>"

Nagi slashes at Ryoko but fails to land the blow.

Ryoko returns and hits Nagi in the shoulder with the lazer hot sword.

Nagi sceams in pain.

Ken-Ohki runs up and bites Ryoko on arm. Ryoko throws the cabbit
into a wall. Ken-Ohki gets up and runs at Ryoko. Ryo-Ohki intercepts
Ken-Ohki and makes a block for Ryoko.

Ryoko slashes at Nagi and bearly misses her. "Aaarrggghhhh!! I
missed again!!!"

Nagi fires a blast at the unexsepting Ryoko but Ryo-Ohki intercepts
and takes the blast.

-=-=-

			Chapter 2

Ryoko sceams in fury "YOU WILL DIE FOR THAT NAGI!!!!!!"

Nagi disappears before Ryoko can fire another blast at Nagi.

Ryoko sits down beside Ryo-Ohki and picks her up <btw Ken-Ohki left
with Nagi> Ryoko crys softly on Ryo-Ohki. 

Ryoko crying "come on be OK Ryo-Ohki, Please be OK."

Tenchi walks up to Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki. And sits beside Ryoko. He
puts his arm around Ryoko and holds her.

Ryo-Ohki coughs and looks up at Ryoko and meows at her.

Ryoko looks down at the tiny cabbit and pulls her up to face and rubs
her face in Ryo-Ohki’s fur "Your all right, your all right!!" Ryoko thinks’
Nagi you must pay!!!!!!

Ayeka Washu and Sammy run into the room at full speed. Ayeka first,
with Washu and Sammy right behind her. Ayeka runs up to Tenchi
and says "Are you all right?"

Sammy bends down beside Ryoko and asks "Is Ryo-Ohki going to be
OK?"

Ryoko "Yes she will be OK, but we can’t leave here for a while. Not
until she is fully recharged."

Ayeka "What do you mean fully recharged, you mean to tell me we
have to stay on this planet? For how long? I need to attend a party
tonight."

Ryoko yells at Ayeka "Yes we have to stay, until Ryo-Ohki is fully
recharged we cant go any where. We problely are stuck here for 3
days. And who cares if you have a party to a tend to?"

Ayeka is getting ticked at Ryoko "All the people on Jurai are expecting
me if don’t show up they will be disappointed."

Sammy "Ayeka, Ryo-Ohki is hurt we have to help her get better. She
help us after all. She saved Ryoko...."

Ayeka "Who cares if Ryoko would have died we would be better with
out her!"

Washu "With out Ryoko we wouldn’t know how to work Ryo-Ohki. So
just shut up I am getting tired of your winhing."

Sammy "I agree."

Ryoko looks up at Sammy and Washuu, she looks confused and thinks’
Why did they stand up for me? 

Tenchi stands up and holds his hand out to Ryoko<who is still sitting
on the floor.>

Tenchi "Here, let me help you up."

Ryoko puts her hand in Tenchi’s hand and smiles. Tenchi helps Ryoko
up off the floor. Ryoko stands up still hold Ryo-Ohki in her arm. Ayeka
looks very ticked and storms off..

Ayeka talks to herself "Why do they like Ryoko any way? Is I am
loosing my hold on Tenchi? Is my supior beauty gone? If not then why
do they like all of a studden?"

Sammy walks out of the to go change back to Sasami when Tenchi
asks "Who are you any way?" Sammy looks at Tenchi, smiles and says
"I am pretty Sammy." She winks at Tenchi. walks out of the of the
room and changes back to normal and runs in the room pretending to
out of breath. Sasami "What happened? <looks at Ryo-Ohki>Ryo-Ohki
are you OK?"

Ryoko "There was a fight with Nagi, Ryo-Ohki took a blast that was
meant for me. But she is going to be OK." hands Sasami the cabbit.

Ryo-Ohki sees Sasami smiles and meows.

Tenchi "Sasami, you look different."

Ryoko looks at Sasami "Tenchi is right, you do look different."

Sasami looks confused "How?"

Tenchi "I don’t how, but you do."

Washuu looks at Sasami and says "I am starving."

-=-=-

Sasami goes out side to find some and wood and food. She returns
with the wood and food. She grabs a bottle of water and puts it in a
bowl that is over a fire and throws some food in too.

Ryoko yells "When is going to be done?"

Sasami gets mad and yells "Soon."

Sasami gets done cooking and yells "Dinner is done."

Washuu and Ryoko saying "Good cause I am really hungry."  Tenchi
walks up to Sasami and says, "I know you are Pretty Sammy."

Sasami replies quietly "please don’t tell the others."

Tenchi "I won't." and smiles.

Tenchi and the others start eating diner, but Tenchi keeps looking up
at Sasami and then suddenly says "Thats it!!"

Ryoko "Whats it?"

Washuu shakes her head at Ryoko

Tenchi 'I finally figured What was different with Sasami."

Sasami looks at Tenchi "OK then What is it?"

Tenchi "The triangles on your forehead are gone, they changed into
circles like....." looks very suprised and stunned.

Sasami "Like who?"

Tenchi looks at Sasami very curiously and says "Tsunami?"

Sasami replies "Yes Tenchi?"

Ryoko looks at Sasami and acts like she is going to say some thing
".........."

Washuu "She is Tsunami, Sasami can I get some samples, like your
blood, hair, etc., etc."

Sasami "yeah thats OK Little Washuu."

Washuu has a miscivse grin on her face.

Now we are with Ayeka

Ayeka kicks a rock and mumbles some thing.

Ayeka looks excited "Thats it," and snaps her fingers together and runs
toward where the others are.

Ayeka looks suprised "Whats going on?"

Ryoko "We just found out that Sasami is turning into Tsunami."

Ayeka "She is?"

Sasami looks upset "I thought you noticed Ayeka <sob>" gets up
crying and runs.

Tenchi gets up to follow her when Washuu sticks her arm out and
stops him.

Tenchi as a questioned look on his face and sits down.

Washuu "Leave her be."

-=-=-

Chapter 3

Sasami runs to a river and falls to the ground crying.

Then a teenage girl walks to Sasami and sits down.

Girl "Whats the matter?" looks concerned

Sasami looks at the girl and whipes her eyes, stops crying. "Who are
you?"

Girl smiles "I am Siyyuken. Whats your name?"

Sasami smiles "I am Sasami but you can also call me Tsunami."

Siyyuken "Nice to meet you Tsunami"

Sasami smiles and nods "Nice to meet you too."

Siyyuken "Why where you crying?"

 Sasami replied "My sister was to wrapped up in guys to notice that
the triangles on my forehead had changed to circles."

Siyyuken "You mean like the ones I have" moves the her hair out of
the way and show two small blue diamonds in the middle of her
forehead.

Sasami smiles "Are you from Jurai?"

Siyyuken nods and looks at the river "I was outcasted at the age of 5
but that was over 12 years ago."

Sasami looks suprised "Are you the legendary hero they talked about
in the stories? it said she had magical powers and that when she was a
child she showed strong magic and her parent who where of Jurai royal
family outcasted  her and that her brother was Yousho."

Siyyuken nods "Yes that was me they talked about and I see that you
have the same power as me."

Sasami "but its not as strong as yours. Hey I want you to meet some
of my friends." stands up and grabs Siyyuken’s hand and pulls.

Siyyuken "OK." stands up and follows Sasami. They make it back to
where Tenchi and the others are camping.

Sasami "I’m back and I brought some one with me."

Washuu looks totally suprised the same with Ryoko.

Ryoko "You!"

Siyyuken "Ryoko, is that you." smiles

Ryoko charges energy "Once I thought I didn’t have to worry about.
So this is where they exiled you."

Siyyuken "I wasn’t exiled, you idiot, I thought that I would never see
your ugly mug again. Along with your mother."

Tenchi looks totally confused, "Excuse me but whats going on and who
are you?"

Siyyuken looks at Tenchi "My name is Siyyuken and I have not seen
these two demons in 12 years."

Washuu "I’m not a demon, Ryoko is."

Siyyuken looks at Washuu and says "Well sould be for creating Ryoko."

At that point Ryo-Ohki hops toward Siyyuken.

Siyyuken "Not that thing please tell me I am not seeing that little
monster."

Sasami "Whats wrong with Ryo-Ohki?"

Siyyuken "Ryo-Ohki distoried six planets in one blow and another
hundred all over the glaxey."

Ayeka looks at Siyyuken and says "Siyyuken the legendary hero, you
are even more powerful than yousho it has been said."

Siyyuken nods "And Sasami has been born with the same power"

Tenchi looks at Siyyuken he notices she tall but not as tall as him, gray
eyes, grayish blue hair, and over size bangs that almost cover her
eyes.

Tenchi walks up to Siyyuken and sticks his hand out "I am Tenchi
Masaki. Nice to meet you"

Siyyuken shakes Tenchi’s hand "Nice to meet you also"

Sasami yawns, "Lets all go to sleep."

Ayeka nods and walks off to go make a bed for her self. Washuu
makes one out of thin air and Ryoko fades off the find a tree to sleep
in. Sasami curls up by the fires and driffs off to sleep. Siyyuken and
Tenchi stay awake.

Siyyuken "You are Jurai royal blood, you are my brothers grandson,
arnt you?"

Tenchi nods "how did you know?"

Siyyuken "you have strong power, it is stronger then mine but it hasn’t
come forth yet. Thats how I know I can since any one who can you use
Tenchi the master key. May I see it?"

Tenchi hands her the sword.

Siyyuken use the power of the sword. Tenchi notices that the sword is
longer on Siyyuken then it was with his mother.

Tenchi "you are much more powerful than my mother"

Siyyuken "Tenchi, you want to know why your mother died early?"

Tenchi "Yes, I think it was because..."

Siyyuken intrupes Tenchi "No it wasn’t because of the fight with Kian.
It was because she had never practiced with the sword. You have
though which is good, this means you wont die early at least not
because of the sword." Looks down and is lost in her thoughts

Siyyuken thinks’ Tenchi if you only knew whats going to happen then
you could prevent it, like me you control powers but you don’t have
the same powers.

Tenchi "What do you mean at least not because of the sword?"

Siyyuken "Tenchi, I am tired, I am going to bed." gets up and walks
off.

Tenchi grabs Siyyuken’s hand "Tell me."

Siyyuken looks at Tenchi "I can not." pulls free of Tenchi’s grip and
walks off.

Siyyuken thinks’ Tenchi I wish I could tell you, but you would not
understand. 

Next Morning
Sasami yells "Has any body seen Ryo-Ohki?"

Ayeka yells "Has anyone seen Ryoko?"

Washuu snickers and yells "Has anyone seen Tenchi or Siyyuken?"

Ayeka "Washuu what do you mean where are Tenchi and Siyyuken? I
thought they slept out ...."

Sasami "I can’t find Ryo-Ohki at all."

Ayeka looks around "I wonder where they went?"

Then Siyyuken and Tenchi walk around a tree and say "Whats the
madder here?"

Ayeka "Where have you two been and wheres Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki?"

Siyyuken "We where talking and i have no idea where Ryoko or
Ryo-Ohki are."

Tenchi nods and smiles "We have alot in commen."

Ayeka glares at Siyyuken and Tenchi, then turns and walks off.

Washuu looks at Ayeka "Whats the matter with her?"

Tenchi shugs and addresses Sasami "Whats the matter with your
sister?"

Sasami "I don’t know.  She never acts like this."

Siyyuken "Lady Ayeka, whats the matter?"

Ayeka keeps walking off and ignores Siyyuken.

Then Ryo-Ohki runs up and jumps on Sasami’s head

Ryo-Ohki "Hi Sasami!"

Tenchi and Washuu look totally and utterly suprised. 

Siyyuken "Oh don’t tell me you didn’t know that thing can talk?"

Tenchi and Washuu shake there heads.

Sasami smiles and giggles.