Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC and Pioneer LDC.
The author owns only the writing.

The Last Avatar
Part 7:  The Day of Broken Succession



	"Mom?"
	She took a few steps forward.
	"Mom?  Are you here?"
	Mayuka took another few steps into the dark room.  The air
was cold.  She was shaking as she walked further inside.
	"Mom?  Are you in here?  Aunt Sasami?  Gramma Washu?"
	"Mommy's here..."
	Mayuka looked up hopefully.  "Mom?!"
	She saw pointed, cyan locks appear not far away.  "Mayuka,
hon, I'm right here."
	The teenaged girl wept in joy and rushed forward.  As she
neared her mother, she slowed down.  There was something wrong.
	She could see her mother's face, but not her body.  "Mom?
Are you okay?"
	Another face appeared next to Ryoko's, a frightening,
rodent-like image.  It grinned and spoke with Ryoko's voice.  As she
did, Ryoko's lips moved.  "I'm right here, hon."  It laughed and
stepped forward, it's claws imbedded into what Mayuka now new was
her mother's severed head.  Yuzuha put on a pouty face.  "Awww...
Here.  Mommy kiss it, make it better!"  She tossed the head forward.
It struck Mayuka's chest and hit the floor....

	Mayuka woke up screaming.
	The lights in her cabin onboard the Jurain warship,
H.M.S. Indomitable, came on a moment later.  She looked up and saw
her Grandpa Yosho rush into her room.  This was the second night in
a row that this had happened.  He sat on the edge of her bed.
Mayuka didn't need any further encouragement.  She threw herself
into his arms and began to cry.
	"What's happening, Grandpa Yosho?  What's happening?"  she
wept.
	"It'll be all right, Mayuka," he told her softly.  "It's
okay."
	She clutched at his robe and continued to cry.

	"Understood, Jurai control,"  Carvin spoke into the comm
onboard his tiny shuttle.  "Coming in."
	"How's it going?"  Sasami asked as she climbed forward from
the aft cabin.
	"Another twenty minutes, and you'll be home," he told her.
	"Hmm," she replied.  She sat in the copilot's chair and stared
at the controls.
	"Are you okay?"  he asked quietly.
	Sasami looked up at the planet she called home.  "I don't
know anymore," she whispered.
	Before Carvin could respond, a new problem presented itself.
The scanners began to beep for his attention.
	"What is it?"  Sasami asked.
	"Company," he told her crisply.
	"Huh?"
	Before he could answer something appeared at her window.  She
gasped and looked out at the Jurain Jaguar Three medium fighter
that had appeared there.
	"Shuttle Clio, this is Home Guard One.  My wingman and I have
orders to escort you to the ground."
	Carvin looked out his own window and saw a twin Jaguar on his
side.  He clicked the comm.  "I wasn't aware that an escort had been
arranged," he said a little uneasily.
	"Direct orders from Admiral Wakazi, Sir," the pilot informed
him.
	"Well, thanks, but we can find the ground on our own,"  Carvin
told him.
	"Sir, are you aware of what a Danitan Stellarhawk missile will
do that crate you're flying?"
	"Cheery guy,"  Sasami noted.
	"Very well, Home Guard One,"  Carvin said, at the same
bringing up what little weapons the Clio had.  "After you."
	The Jaguars took up defensive positions on either side of
the Clio and escorted it to the Jurain surface past the famed
Defense Grid, a double ring of satellites capable of repelling
entire fleets.  Sasami watched as they rode gently through Jurai's
atmosphere.  Entire fields of trees took up most of the scenery
until they reached the outskirts of the capital.  Brown, dead
splotches of ground looked unnatural on the planet's surface.
Sasami knew that those huge areas were where the Kingslayer's
triplutonium bombs had detonated.  Most of the city, including
the old Royal Palace, had been destroyed.
	As Carvin guided the shuttle to the main spaceport, Sasami
blinked in surprise.  The landing pad was surrounded by people,
some with signs, but all of them shouting at the Jurain soldiers
trying to keep them from flooding the pad.  She couldn't make out
what the signs said, but she got the distinct impression that it
wasn't good.
	"Bloody hell,"  Carvin hissed.  "Can't they keep anything
locked up?"
	"What?"  Sasami asked.
	He turned to her.  "It looks like your arrival time and place
have been leaked."  He gestured to the protesters.
	Sasami blinked.  "They're protesting *me*?!"
	"Looks like it.  We'll be down in a sec, hold on."  The new
Queen of Jurai sat back in her chair and waited for the gentle
clunk that told her the shuttle was down.
	Carvin led Sasami into the back and opened the hatch.  As
expected, an SIS agent was there waiting for them.  Sasami could
hear the angry shouts of protesters through the open hatch.  As
Carvin and the agent spoke together, she could now read the signs
many of them carried.  Most said things like, "Revenge for the
Queen," or other references to Aeka.
	She turned her attention back to the two agents.
	"What the hell is going on?!"  Carvin was asking him.
	The agent had to shout to be heard over the protestors and
the sounds of nearby shuttles.
	"News of the assassination leaked early,"  he told them.
"The entire kingdom has gone mad!  We have a limo for you, Your
Majesty.  We're going to lead you out there.  Stay low and keep
your head down."
	"Why?!"  she shouted back.
	"There have been a few shots fired in the last hour."
	"From who!?"
	"It's probably just punks making a statement, but we can't
risk it."  By now, two more agents had appeared nearby.  "Ready?"
	Sasami nodded.  Carvin drew his sidearm along with a few other
agents and they all rushed out of the shuttle, Sasami hunched over
in the midst of the group of agents.
	The crowd seemed even more enraged by this and the shouts
got louder.  Sasami was pushed into a limo with Carvin, and the
hover car began racing down the street.
	"Where are we going?"  she asked.
	Straight to the Palace, Your Majesty,"  the agent told her.
"Lord Akita, Lady Katsuragi, as well as the Prime Minister and His
Holiness are already there."
	"Any luck finding the other heirs?"  Carvin asked.
	"Prince Yosho and Princess Mayuka were recovered by the
Indomitable.  They should be here in an hour."
	Sasami breathed a sigh of relief.  The others were safe.
That was something at least.

	"Aunt Sasami!"
	Mayuka rushed forward and embraced her aunt as soon as she
saw the woman enter the state-room.  Sasami hugged her niece tightly
to herself, tears of relief running down her face.  She looked up
and saw Yosho standing not far away.  She released Mayuka and ran
forward, crying into her older brother's chest.
	"Aeka," she whispered.
	Yosho held his little sister and allowed a tear of his own
to escape.  Sasami opened her eyes and noticed that there were two
people missing from the reunion.  "Where are Ryoko and Washu?"
	Silence.
	Sasami looked up at Yosho, then to Mayuka, whose tears were
now flowing freely down her cheeks.  She looked back into Yosho's
eyes and found the pain there.  He shook his head once.
	"Tsunami, no,"  Sasami whimpered.  She buried her face into
his tunic again.  "Tsunami, no," she whispered again.
	A blonde woman walked past the two and up to Carvin.  "Lord
Akita wants to see us," Mina told him in a whisper.  He nodded and
threw a last look to Sasami before following his fellow agent out
the door and down the hall.  The two entered a suite on the second
floor and found Lord Akita standing next to an open balcony.
Carvin looked out at the view and saw a tower, another part of the
palace, not far away.  Standing atop this tower was a man with an
advanced positron sniper rifle.  Carvin recognized the man as a
member of the ISS Counter Assassination Team.  It appeared that
Lady Katsuragi was taking no chances.
	"I want an update,"  Akita said, turning to the two of them.
"Where do we stand?"
	Carvin held up his PFA.  "Documents that we *think* may have
some bearing on all this.  Her Majesty was attacked twice on
Mallistair.  Given the recent assassination, we can assume that
it's the same party involved in both attacks and that the royal
family is still a target."
	Akita nodded.  "Excellent work, Commander.  Major..."  Mina
looked up.  "I want you to keep an eye on the Crown Princess.
Commander, we have a war council to attend."
	"Yes, Sir," the two agents chorused.

	"I can't believe it,"  Sasami whispered.  "How could this
have happened?"
	Yosho took a breath, but didn't answer.  It was at this time
that Carvin and Mina returned.  "Your Majesty's, if you would come
with me, please,"  Carvin asked.  The three members of the royal
family got up and started to follow, but Mina reached out and
gently touched Mayuka's shoulder.
	"Your Highness, would you come with me, please?"  Mina asked.
	"Grandpa?"  Mayuka asked.  "Aunt Sasami?"
	"It's all right, Mayuka,"  Yosho told her.  "You'll be safe
with Ms. Todara."
	Mina tensed slightly at the remark, but said nothing.  Carvin
led Yosho and Sasami out the door.  Mayuka watched them go silently.
	"Hey, it'll be all right,"  Mina assured her.  Mayuka said
nothing.  Mina wracked her brain for a way to cheer the young
princess up.  "How about a tour?  Have you ever seen the palace
before?"
	Mayuka nodded dully.  She and Ryoko had visited on more than
a few occasions.
	Mina sighed, then thought of something.  "How about I show
you something that's not on the tour?"
	The blue-haired teen blinked.  "Huh?"

	"You do realize that there is no precedent for this,"  Prime
Minister Gessin stated from his seat at the conference room table.
"The situation is deteriorating.  Tsunami, the people are already
screaming for blood."
	"The question is:  What do we do now?"  Akita spoke up.
	"An attack like this cannot go unchallenged,"  Lady Katsuragi
spoke up from across the table.  "We should strike back quickly and
resolutely."
	"We still don't know it was the Danitans,"  Akita told them.
	Admiral Wakazi chose this moment to speak up.  "Your own
agent..."
	"My own agent has only the word of a man who may or may not
have seen Danitan warpaint.  There's nothing definite."
	"And what about the Invincible?  The evidence suggests..."
	"Oh, for the love of Tsunami, Masao, check your own
intelligence reports!"  Akita said harshly.  "The Danitans have
*nothing* anywhere *near* us!  They're no more prepared for a war
than we are!"
	"Not so!  A strike force has been reported near Tessus!"
	"A single strike forces rates little more than an exercise!"
	"Who else would be capable of disabling one of our newest
ships!?"  Wakazi asked.
	"The Order attacked your ship, Admiral."
	Every head in the room turned to the source of the whispered
declaration.  Sasami looked up at them.  "It was the Order of Tokimi."
	Sitting across from Akita, Katsuragi tensed.
	"With all due respect, Your Majesty,"  Wakazi began calmly,
"That's simply not possible.  The Order of Tokimi was snuffed out
ten thousand years ago.  One of my own ancestors led the final
assault against Mallistair.  It cannot possibly be them."
	"And how do you know this?"  Sasami asked with a hint of
harshness in her tone.  "You think that in all of ten thousand years,
they could not have returned?"
	"Even if there were survivors,"  Wakazi told her, "Without
their dark trees, they are nothing.  The Imperial Navy destroyed
them and their eight great nurseries."
	"Yeah, well, there's a little problem with that,"  Sasami
told him with disdain.
	"Such as?"
	"Such as the fact that there were *NINE* nurseries!"  Sasami
hissed.
	Dead silence pervaded the room.
	Wakazi shook his head.  "That's not possible."
	"Sasami,"  Yosho said, turning to her, "Are you certain?"
	Sasami nodded.  "It's in the documents Car...Commander Kenzaki
and I found on Mallistair.  By the looks of it, they had just
finished it when the attack began."
	"How many trees?"  Gessin asked in a haunted whisper.
	Sasami took a breath and paused.  "Sevent-five," she whispered.
"Maybe eighty."
	The room went dead silent again.
	"Tsunami in Heaven,"  Gessin breathed.  "We have a rogue fleet
on our hands..."
	The room erupted into a panic.  Sasami listened as the gathered
Ministers, Generals, and Admirals all began speaking at once.
	"They're ships would be comparable to ours in firepower...not
to mention wings..."
	"Cloaking technology!  If they were to attack Jurai, we'd have
less than two minute's warning!"
	"Excuse me."
	"What about the Defense Grid?"
	"The Defense Grid wasn't able to stop Ryoko!  The Tokimians
would cut through it like paper!"
	"Excuse me."
	"Civil Defense should be alerted immediately..."
	"Excuse me!"
	Every head in the room turned again, this time to the frail
man in the gold and blue robes.  The Patriarch stood unsteadily and
began to address the room.
	"Dear children," he said quietly.  "I am aware that all this
has come as a rather frightening shock, but let's do try to handle
one crisis at a time.  We now know of the possibility of this fleet,
and that is more than we had five minutes ago.  And that is assuming
that this fleet is real."
	"You doubt Her Majesty's word?"  Carvin asked.
	The Patriarch smiled.  "In my eight hundred years, young man,
I've learned to base my actions on more than belief, despite my
position."  This got one or two smiles from the Jurains.  "All I am
saying is that we must investigate."
	Yosho nodded.  "His Holiness is right."  He turned to Sasami.
"Where is this nursery, Sasami?"
	Sasami was silent.
	"Sasami?"
	"Huh?  Oh.  Porsea.  It's on Porsea,"  the new Queen finally
intoned.
	"Have we any ships near Porsea that could investigate?"
Gessin asked Wakazi.
	Wakazi turned to a uniformed aide, who was typing on a holotop.
The aide finished his typing and turned the screen so Wakazi could
see the data there.  "Yes, Sir.  A frigate.  The H.M.S. Claymore."
	"Zan Eisen's boat,"  Carvin concluded.
	"Yes,"  Wakazi confirmed.  "Old friend?"
	"Yes, Sir.  We were at the Academy together."
	"I'll dispatch orders to the Claymore at once.  We'll get to
the bottom of this,"  Wakazi vowed.
	"In the meantime,"  the Patriarch said, "We have a more
pressing problem.  That of succession."
	They all turned to Sasami and Yosho.
	"Now that Prince Yosho has returned, it is fitting that he
take over,"  the Patriarch continued.
	"One problem with that,"  Gessin interjected.  "The same
problems that cropped up seven hundred years ago will certainly crop
up now.  His Majesty is only *half* Jurain."
	"He is the elder son,"  Katsuragi piped up.
	"But Her Majesty is Jurain by blood and *acknowledged* as
next in line by the people,"  Akita told her.
	It seemed that a civil war was brewing right before them.
Before either of the heirs could speak, the Patriarch was addressing
them again.
	"It seems that there is only one solution,"  he said.  "The
Prince Yosho shall marry the Princess Sasami."
	Sasami gasped.  The entire room began mumbling to one another
at this idea.  Carvin took a breath but said nothing.  Yosho was
silent.
	"Not to sound argumentative, Your Holiness,"  Akita began,
"But it's not the best match.  An old man marrying a young woman
in her twenties?  The press would have a bloody field  day."
	The Patriarch smiled and walked toward Yosho.  "It's not
*that* much of a problem."  He reached out and touched Yosho's
shoulder.  Yosho's body began to shimmer slightly.  The room heaved
a collective gasp.  A second later, a young man was sitting where
Yosho had been.  "Is it?"  the Patriarch whispered to him.
	The Prince looked up at the clergyman in shocked betrayal.
He looked about ready to say something, but looked out at the
shocked group around him.  Yosho sat there looking miserable.
After seven hundred years, his secret was finally out.  He turned
and found Sasami gaping at  him, awestruck.  Yosho did the only
thing he could.  He stood up and faced her.  The young prince bowed
to her and straightened again.
	"Sasami...Sister...I am sorry I had to deceive you like..."
	Before he could finish, Sasami was out of her seat!  She
rushed forward and slapped him across the face as hard as she could!
Yosho reeled backward from the force of the blow, unexpected as
it had been.
	"YOU SON OF A BITCH!"  Sasami cried.  She rushed forward again,
but this time Carvin managed to grab hold of her from behind.
"SHE LOVED YOU!  SHE *LOVED* YOU, AND YOU *LIED* TO HER!"  she
screamed while Carvin tried desperately to drag her away from him.
Yosho stood stock still, the left side of his face turning red
from the heat of Sasami's slap.  "YOU LIED TO HER!!!"  Sasami
screamed one last time as Carvin dragged her out the door.
	Everyone left in the room sat in uneasy silence.  The
Patriarch smiled.  "Well...I've seen marriages start out worse..."

	"Woah,"  was all Mayuka could get out as she looked around
herself at the underground lab Mina had called, "The Third Branch."
It looked like something right out of a James Bond movie.  At
various benches around the room, scientists in white labcoats were
working on strange gadgets that Mayuka couldn't even describe.
	"The Service made it a habit to make use of absolutely
*everything* it came across that might have some value.  What
you're looking at is equipment from about sixteen alien races
being reverse engineered and remodeled for use in the service."
Mina paused and smiled at her young charge.  "They're not even
sure about what some of this stuff does," she said conspiritorially.
	"We do so,"  a woman's voice piped up.  The two looked up and
found a woman with short blonde hair and a long, white labcoat
walking up to them.  She was an attractive woman except for the
faint wrinkles around her eyes.  Mayuka guessed her age to be
somewhere near thirty.
	"Good afternoon, Dr. Reilly,"  Mina said in greeting.
"Your Highness, this is Dr. Arisu Reilly, chief armorer."
	"'Highness?'"  Reilly asked with an arched eyebrow.
	Mina nodded.  Reilly performed a quick bow.  "It's an honor."
	"Please,"  Mayuka said nervously.  "Don't do that."
	"I'm giving her a tour of the facilities,"  Mina told the
scientist.
	"Not to sound too nagging, but is she *supposed* to be here?"
Reilly asked.  "Given the situation, you'd think they'd want her
at the palace."
	Mina took Reilly off to the side and began to whisper.
"Look, Ari, the way I figure it the palace is a great big target
right now, and all of the remaining heirs are there.  What if the
palace were bombed?"  Reilly arched a skeptical eyebrow.  "Where
could be safer than here?  Three floors underground beneath the
most fortified area in the entire Empire?"
	Reilly sighed in defeat and nodded.  "Okay.  But don't touch
anything."  She looked up, and her eyes almost bugged out of her
head.  "DON'T TOUCH THAT!"
	Mayuka looked up, her fingers only inches from a small cabbit
doll.  "What?  It's just a doll."
	"A doll packed with enough explosives to put a hole in the
Empire!  Don't touch!"  The frazzled scientist turned a glare on
Mina.
	"I promise!  No touching!"
	Reilly nodded, turned on her heel, and left.  Mina breathed
a sigh of relief and smiled wickedly.  "Hey, Mayuka, have you ever
fired a sub-repeating blaster before?"

	"LET ME GO!  LET ME GO!  LET ME GO!"  Sasami shouted as
Carvin dragged her bodily into her chambers.  The young queen
was struggling in his grip, trying to get back to the conference
room to give Yosho a piece of her mind.
	Carvin, however, had no intention of letting her do that.
He continued to drag her kicking and screaming into her room.
	"RELEASE ME!  I *COMMAND IT!*"
	This last order Carvin obeyed.  He threw her onto her bed
and stood in the middle of the room, trying to catch his breath.
Sasami, surprised that he had obeyed her (granted not in the way
she had wanted), cried out as she hit the comforter.  She sat up
and pulled the now scraggly blue hair from her eyes.
	Carvin stood there, breathing hard as he watched her.  "If
you're quite finished," he said with a tone of finality.
	Sasami growled and stood up.  She made for the door, but the
SIS agent moved to block her path.
	"Get the hell out of my way, Kenzaki," she growled.
	Carvin shook his head.  "No, Your Majesty."
	"You work for *me*, remember?"  she stated.
	"I work for Your Majesty's Government," he told her.
	She took a step toward him and spoke again, this time in an
almost deadly whisper.  "Get out of my way," she told him.  "That's
a direct order from your Queen."
	Carvin regarded her for a moment, then stepped aside.
Without another word, the young monarch started for the door again.
Carvin took an exasperated breath and turned to her, calling out
to her angrily.
	"Will you stop thinking of yourself for a second!"
	Sasami stopped cold and turned on her heel, her face a mask of
utter fury.  "SINCE WHEN HAVE I EVER BEEN ALLOWED TO THINK OF
MYSELF!?"
	Carvin didn't back down.  Instead, he approached her, stopping
barely an inch from her. "What the hell do you think just happened
in there?!"  he hissed.
	"I just found out my brother is a lying, cheating *SCUMBAG!*"
she hurled at him.  "That's what!"  She turned for the door again.
	"You narrow-minded bitch!"  he shouted at her.
	Sasami turned and slapped him across the face without missing
a beat.  The sharp crack of her hand striking his left cheek
reverberated throughout the room.  They both paused for a second.
Tears were streaming down Sasami's face.
	"What do you know?"  she whispered harshly.  "When was the
last time *you* were thrust into this kind of situation?"
	He laughed at her.
	*Laughed*!
	"WHAT IS SO DAMN FUNNY!?"  She screamed.
	His laughter trailed off.  He looked down at her and took a
breath.  "The last time I was in this kind of situation, Your
Majesty," he whispered, "Two hundred and ten people died."  Sasami
stood there and stared up at him.  "What do you think you're
doing?"  he asked her accusingly.  "Don't you understand?  During
the war, your sister was all that was holding this kingdom together.
Now another war is coming, and you are all we have.  We need you,
Sasami,"  he whispered.  "We *need* you."
	Sasami stood stock still, tears running down her face,
shocked into silence.
	Carvin slowly shook his head.  "We need you," he said again.
"You're the Queen of Jurai.  You have to be our strength.  You have
to be the one *we* look to...because *we* are so afraid right now."
His voice was now a low, gentle whisper.   "Every man and woman in
that room just saw their brightest hope have a breakdown, and the
real fighting hasn't even started yet."
	Sasami didn't know what to say.
	"Think about that...Your Majesty."  He turned and started for
the door.
	"Where are you going?"  she whispered, not moving.
	He stopped and turned to her.  "I have to report in.  I'm sure
Lord Akita has an errand for me to run."  Sasami said nothing.
"You'll be safe here," he assured her.
	"I'll never be safe again," she whispered.  "You know that."
	Carvin said nothing as he left the room.

	"I've dispatched the orders,"  Wakazi said as he retook his
seat.  "We just have to wait now and..."   He broke off and looked
up as Sasami reentered the conference room.  The room looked to
her, worried expressions on their faces.  Sasami threw an angry
look to the now young Yosho and sat down at her place next to him.
	"I apologize," she said quietly, but resolutely.  "Continue,
please."
	Wakazi took the cue.  "We should know something within two
days."
	"Excellent,"  the Patriarch commented.  "In the meantime, we
have other preparations to make."
	"I will not marry Prince Yosho,"  Sasami stated firmly.
	"Your Majesty,"  the Patriarch began, "I realize you're upset,
but..."
	"I am next in the line of succession," she stated regally.
"As far as the rest of the kingdom is concerned, Prince Yosho is
dead."  Her voice turned harsh as she threw the prince a look.
"Let's keep it that way."
	The Patriarch took a breath, but nodded.  "As Her Majesty
wishes, of course.  Even so, there are still preparations.  You
must be properly coronated...and soon."
	Sasami nodded.  "When?"
	"Tonight."

	"Okay, now that well kicks in,"  Mina told Mayuka as the teen
looked over the small repeating blaster down the target range at
SIS headquarters.  "Hold it firmly into your shoulder for control."
Mayuka obeyed.  "Now take a breath...and gently squeeze the
trigger..."
	Fifty red plasma bolts flew from the end of the weapon in the
time it took Mayuka to blink.  The FRED dummy at the other end of
the range was torn to pieces by the weapon.  Mayuka blinked at
what she had done.
	"Cool," she commented.
	Mina smiled.

	Carvin arched an eyebrow at the sight of Mina and Mayuka on
the underground firing range of the Third Branch, but pushed it
aside as Dr. Reilly walked up.  She held up his PFA and handed it
to him.
	"Respooled and we downloaded that information from Her
Majesty's book into a permanent memory cell."
	"Thanks, Ari,"  Carvin said quietly as he put the wristwatch
on.  "Kaeya, wake up."
	The young, holographic girl appeared on the watch face and
yawned sleepily.  "Oh, Commander Kenzaki," she said.  Kaeya had a
bad habit of mimicking human traits.
	"How do you feel?"  he asked.
	"Up to specs.  Are we going somewhere?"
	"Kaeya, interface with the SIS computer and tell me everything
the Esper's been up to lately."
	"This will take a moment."
	"Understood," he said.
	Reilly arched an eyebrow.  "Esper?  I heard she's the new
attache for the Danitan ambassador."
	"She is," Carvin told her.  "We need to know what the Danitan
are up to, if they're up to anything at all.  Either we can ask a
beuracrat who only knows what she's told, or we can ask the someone
who tells her what she knows."
	"Esper?"  Reilly asked.
	"Esper," he confirmed.
	"Complete,"  Kaeya told him.  Images appeared on the wall in
front of them as Kaeya began her briefing.

	"Fire!"
	"Torpedoes away!"  the Weapons Officer onboard the
H.M.S. Claymore announced.  "Time to target...."  He checked his
board.  "Thirty-eight seconds...mark."  A clock appeared on the
main screen, counting down from thirty-eight.
	Captain Zan Eisen checked his own antique pocket watch against
it and smiled upon learning that the two were in synch.  They sure
knew how to make watches three thousand years ago.
	"Ten seconds..."
	Eisen listened as the Weps Officer counted down.
	"Three...two...one...Detonation."
	Eisen looked up.  "Damage?"
	The Sensor Officer checked her own board and smiled.  "Three
direct hits.  Target destroyed."
	Eisen pocketed the watch and turned to his bridge crew.
"End simulation.  Excellent work, people."  He looked up at the
Jurain tree that made up the heart of the Jurain frigate.  "You
too, Clay."
	In response, the tree lit up, beams of gentle, white light
striking the pool of water beneath it.
	"Con, Communications,"  a voice came over the internal
speakers.  "We are receiving a flash traffic message from
ImpNavCom.  Recommend Alert One."
	"All stop,"  Eisen commanded.  "Display the message on my
terminal."  The frigate captain sat in his command chair and looked
down at the holographic screen to his right.  He blinked and reread
the message twice before rising again.
	"Captain?"  his executive officer, Commander Evan Sirrin
inquired.
	"Set Condition Three,"  Eisen ordered the Jurain tree.  A
few beams of light told him that the Claymore was responding.
Eisen went to the ship's navigator, standing next to a
three-dimensional holographic star chart.  "Mr. Karnafu..."  Sirrin
watched as the two officers exchanged words for several moments.
Karnafu nodded and marked a course on the star chart with a light
pen.
	"Helm,"  Karnafu announced, "Make your course one-nine-zero
mark zero-one-four.  All ahead full."
	"All ahead full, aye,"  the helmsman replied, changing the
Claymore's course and speed.
	Eisen walked up to Sirrin and gestured to his terminal.
The Exec looked down at the message the captain received and took
a breath.
	"Tsunami best and greatest," he whispered.
	The lights turned red as the Claymore completed it's shift
to Condition Three.

	The beautiful redhead walking down the hall shifted the
bouquet of roses in her arms and prepared for the delivery.  She
checked her appearance one last time as she stood before the
apartment door.  Her short, red hair fell to just above her
shoulders.  Her dress uniform was immaculate and the perfume she
was wearing had been guaranteed to help in  the seduction of her
newest conquest.
	Well..."conquest" wasn't the right word exactly.  "Toy"
would be closer.  Unlike the other Jurain men she had met since her
assignment began, this one was submissive...delicate...
	More *Danitan.*
	She knocked on the door and entered without waiting for a
reply.  She never did, and it irked him sometimes, but she could
always placate him with a smile and a  promise to be more sensitive
to his feelings from now on.
	She found him sitting in a chair nearby, fear was written all
over his face.
	"Hon?" she asked, "Is something wrong?"
	She heard a sharp, recognizable *click* and felt something
hard pressed against the back of her head.  She smiled.
	"J-Tech PP70,"  she concluded by the sound of the weapon's
safety.  "Hello, Carvin."
	"Fancy meeting you here,"  the SIS agent greeted from behind
her.
	"Indeed," she said nonchalantly.  "Is this a business call
or were you thinking of something more...horizontal?"
	She felt the man's hand roaming up and down her body, the
weapon never leaving her head.  "That's what I've always loved
about Jurain men," she said wistfully.  "They're all so forward.
Everyday, I feel like I'm being proposed to."  The hand stopped
and removed her small blaster from its shoulder holster.
	"You," Carvin said, addressing the owner of the apartment.
"This place have a bathroom?"  The man nodded fearfully.  "Good.
Go clean it."  The man rushed out of the room and locked the
bathroom door behind him.  "Drop the roses, hands away from your
body, and turn around,"  Carvin ordered her.
	The woman smiled and dropped her gift.  She turned and grinned
at him.  "It's been a long time, Carvin," she said.
	"Corei Nazarin Jordana'dal,"  Carvin intoned, his blaster
still trained on her.  "Code named, the 'Esper.'  Since when are
you a member of the diplomatic corps?"
	She shrugged.  "The Treaty didn't leave me much choice.  It
forced the Special Section to disband.  It was either this or
retirement.  Now what exactly do you want?  If you were here to kill
me, I'd be dead already."
	"H.M.S. Invincible," he told her flatly.
	She smiled.  "Ah. What does that have to do with me?"
	"Wakazi thinks you're the ones who attacked it."
	She laughed.  "Is *that* what they're saying to cover their
new black ops campaign?"  she asked.  "They'll have to do better,"
she growled.
	"It's not a campaign," he told her.  "Then there's the matter
of Her Majesty, Queen Aeka."
	"My condolences," she said without feeling.
	"Word is the Danitans are responsible for that too," he told
her.
	She bit her lip.  She had heard rumors to that point.  "It
wasn't us," she said flatly.  Carvin said nothing.  "Do you really
think we want *another* war?"  she asked in a whisper.
	"All right,"  Carvin said quietly.  "Let's talk shop."

	"This is bullshit!"
	"Mayuka,"  Yosho began again.  "Listen..."
	"NO!"  Mayuka shouted at him.  She waved the palace maids who
had been helping her into her ceremonial kimono back, promising to
use force if they didn't.  "This is garbage!  Why are we wasting
our time here with a *PARTY* when we should be out there looking
for Mom!?"
	"It's not a party,"  Yosho told her in a calm voice making him
sound older than he looked.  Mayuka still couldn't believe how young
he was now.  She didn't recognize him at first.  "It's your aunt's
coronation.  It's necessary."
	Mayuka turned away from him.  "And what about Mom?"  she asked
bitterly. "I guess finding her isn't 'necessary...'"
	Yosho sighed.  "I know it's hard..."
	"How the hell would you know?"  she muttered sadly.  Before
she could blink, Yosho grabbed a hold of her arm and whirled her
around again so that she was facing the mask of anger on his face.
	"Hey!"  he hissed.  "Perhaps you haven't heard, but my sister
was *murdered* not too long ago!"
	Mayuka was startled and shamed into silence.  "I'm sorry,"
she whimpered.  "I just....I..."  Tears began to pool up into her
eyes.
	Yosho took a breath and sighed, reaching out to embrace his
granddaughter.  "I know," he breathed.  "I know.  I'm sorry.  This
whole situation...It's got me on edge....And I'm not used to dealing
with a situation outside my control.  I'm sorry, Mayuka."
	Mayuka's arms wrapped around him as she cried.  Yosho felt the
tears soaking into the extravagant outfit he was wearing for the
coronation.
	"We don't even know if she's dead," Mayuka whispered painfully.
"We don't know."
	Yosho felt tears of his own well up.  "I know," he told her.
	It was all he could say.

	Ryoko screamed as she struck the dark warrior dead on.  The
two hit the ground, rolling over each other, dust flying from the
impact.  They rolled once more, Ryoko landing on top of the man.
She reached out and grab the man's head on either side.  The
warrior's eyes went wide as Ryoko screamed in rage again and jerked
his head to one side.  The man's neck broke with a sickening
"SNAP!"
	She sensed movement behind her and rolled off the man's
body.  Three energy blasts struck it in rapid succession.  Ryoko
reached out with her hand on instinct.  The black-handled lightsword
the warrior had been carrying flew to her hand and ignited with
a "snap-hiss."  She screamed and let the sword fly!  The orange
blade flew end over end and buried itself in the head of the
warrior who had shot at her.  His blaster rifle hit the ground,
followed by his body a second later.  The sword flew back to Ryoko's
hand.
	Standing off to the side, two identical beings watched.  One
seen, one unseen.  One cruel, the other kind.  One smiling, the
other grimacing.
	Tenchi clenched his fists and turned to the tree that had
chosen his form for its astral projection.  "Stop this!"  he hissed.
"What's the point?!  Torturing her!?"
	Ryoko's tree smiled.  "She has to be tested," it said simply.
	Tenchi grit his teeth and turned back to the small arena
where this "test" was happening.  "Ryoko," he whispered.
	The tree smiled.  "Let's kick it up a notch, shall we?"  He
raised his voice and called out to the woman.  "Tasukete!
Tasukete, Ryoko!  They're going to kill me!"
	One of the black warriors ran toward Ryoko.  Ryoko, hearing
the tree's cry for help, screamed and slashed at the man with her
sword.  Two swords struck one another with a loud "zats."  Ryoko
whirled around and buried the sword into the man's neck.
	"I'M COMING, TENCHI!"
	Another warrior approached from behind.  Without waiting for
an attack, Ryoko swung her sword upwards between the man's legs and
up through his chest, splitting him in two!  She whirled around
again sliced horizontally through is torso, quartering him.  She
ran toward the two Tenchi's.
	Another warrior stepped into her path, his blue lightsword
blazing.  Ryoko screamed and lashed out with her own weapon,
faking a blow to his face.  When the warrior moved his sword up
to block, she suddenly shifted positions and slashed low, slicing
through the man's knees.  He screamed and fell to the ground.
Ryoko stopped over him and brought the sword up to stab through
his face.  She cried in fury and stabbed downward...
	A shield sprang up a foot from the man's face.  Sparks of
energy flew up as the point of Ryoko's sword struck the shield.
The demon grit her teeth and pushed downward.  The warrior's face
showed fear as he tried desperately to keep the shield up.  The
tip of the blade slowly began to inch in through the barrier.
With one final scream, Ryoko shoved forward.  The lightsword
stabbed into the man's face.  The shield failed.
	The intense heat from the sword caused the man's head to
explode.
	Ryoko didn't even flinch as her face was suddenly coated
with blood and gore.
	Behind her!
	She turned suddenly and held out her hand.  A shield
obediently popped up two meters from her and stopped the
lightsword that had been flying toward her.  She grit her teeth and
cried out as the sword struggled to get through her shield.  A
sickening hiss could be heard.  Ryoko realized that her hand was
burning from the strain of keeping the shield in place and in
control.  She screamed and closed her hand into a fist.  The sword
handle broke in two and disintigrated.  Before she could celebrate,
two more warriors were on her.
	"How goes the training of our newest lamb?"  a voice asked
from behind the two Tenchi's.
	They turned and saw the priest standing there.  He approached
and arched an eyebrow at Tenchi.
	The tree smiled.  "He's real."
	The priest reached out and passed a hand through Tenchi.
Behind them, Ryoko was still battling for her life.  "Now this
is unexpected," he muttered.  "I wonder..."  He looked up at
Ryoko, then back at Tenchi...
	And laughed.
	"Marvelous!"  he cried.  "Simply marvelous!  Oh, Tokimi's
grace!  The irony of it is just too much!"  He bent over laughing.
	Tenchi just glared at him hatefully.
	The priest looked up and wiped a tear away.  "Ryoko spent
seven hundred years in the same situation!  But at least her body
hadn't been *cremated*!"  He laughed again.  He turned to the
tree's image.  "Can she see him?"
	"No."
	"Delicious."  The priest took a breath.  "Tell me, young man,
how does it feel to spend eternity as a ghost?"
	Tenchi snarled and lashed out with his fist.  His hand passed
right through the priest's head.  The priest smiled.  "Don't worry.
I'm told it takes at least a century before madness sets in."
	"Your Eminence,"
	They looked up.  Tenchi's eyes went wide in fear and hate.
	Kayzin approached them.  The gray-skinned warrior seemed
unaware of Tenchi's presence, or even that of the tree.  He bowed
respectfully to the priest.
	From behind them Ryoko screamed!
	As one they turned and saw Ryoko charging them!  She held
the orange lightsword over her head.  The tree hissed and prepared
to stop her, but the priest held up his hand.  The tree relented.
	Kayzin didn't bat an eye.  As Ryoko rushed him, he stood
there and waited for her.  Just when she was approaching, he
stepped right and spun around.  Ryoko flew right past him.  At
the end of his spin, his lightsword was out and activated.
	Ryoko spun back quickly and lashed out twice with her sword,
screaming in rage at the top of her lungs.  It was apparent that
she recognized Kayzin.  The gray-skinned alien turned both blows
and lashed out with his foot, catching Ryoko in the chin.  The
demon's head snapped back, and she stumbled.  He reached out and
grabbed a handful of her cyan hair.  With a sharp pull, Ryoko was
thrown to the floor.  Kayzin stepped toward her.
	<We require her in one piece,>  the priest reminded him
mentally.
	<She will not be permanently damaged,>  he projected back.
	Ryoko climbed to her feet and turned, intent on fighting back.
Kayzin didn't bother with the sword this time.  With a sharp cry,
his hand fired out, hitting Ryoko in the nose with the palm of his
hand.  Before she could recover, his sword was activated again.
Ryoko screamed and fell to the ground in agony, but she didn't
know why.  She blinked past the blood and tears in her eyes and
looked down.
	Her legs had been cut out from under her.
	Kayzin stood over her and regarded her quietly as she struggled
to get up, to fly, to fight, to *anything*.
	"Ryoko,"  Tenchi whispered, kneeling next to her.  He reached
out and tried to touch her hand.  "Please stop," he begged her
quietly.
	"I'll kill you," she whispered as she glared up at Kayzin.
"I'll kill you.  I'll kill you.  I'll kill you..."
	Kayzin watched unmoved as Ryoko raised the sword from her
position on the ground and began crawling toward him on her hands,
dragging her body behind her.
	"...kill you.  I'll kill you.  I'll kill you...."
	"Ryoko, please,"  Tenchi whispered.  "Don't..."
	"...you.  I'll kill you..."  Tears were running down Ryoko's
face.  "I'll kill you.  I'll kill you.  I'll kill you..."
	Her whispers began to trail off as she lost consciousness.

	The priest watched as two warriors carried Ryoko from the
arena.  He threw an irritated look to Kayzin, who said nothing.
	"*One* piece," he told him.
	The warrior shrugged.  "She'll regenerate."
	"Give me your report,"  the priest growled.
	"Zara's forces have accomplished their goal.  They now have
two GP warships in their hands.  All proceeds well."
	"Excellent.  Keep an eye on things here.  I have to go back
to Jurai and attend a rather auspicious ceremony."  The priest
grinned.
	"As you wish, Your Eminence."

	Carvin entered the Great Hall, readjusting his neck-tie for
the fiftieth time.  He finally got it tied correctly; just in time
too.  He was just passing through the doors to the largest room
in the palace, the room where the new Queen of Jurai would be
crowned.  He looked around at the various Lords and Ladies mingling
about the room.  He had to hand it to the palace chamberlains.
They had managed to throw together a coronation on only a few
hours notice.  That took *real* skill.
	"Carvin!"
	He turned and found Mina walking up to him, arrayed in her
bright red Royal Army dress uniform.  She approached and saluted
smartly.
	Carvin, in his own dark blue RN dress uniform, returned the
salute and smiled.
	"It's amazing, isn't it?"  Mina asked, gesturing around her.
	He nodded.  "It's a ceremony I could do without," he told her.
	Mina's face fell for a moment, remembering exactly *why* a
coronation was necessary.  "Well, at least this time we're not
taking any chances.  The ISS has this place sealed tight."
	Carvin nodded.  "We hope."

	Sasami looked in the mirror as her attendants dressed her
in her robes of state.  The clothes were beautiful, stately, and
regal, yet she hated them.  They only reminded her of what her
position, what her family's position had cost her.
	She regarded herself in the mirror.  Lonely.  She felt lonely.
She had no one to talk to.  No one who would understand.  Aeka was
gone.  Mayuka was too young.  Ryoko was missing.
	And Yosho had betrayed her.  Betrayed Aeka, and therefore
betrayed Sasami.
	She closed her eyes and sighed.  She felt someone drape the
last robe over her.  She opened her eyes and found the Patriarch's
image in the mirror, standing behind her, draping the robe over
her shoulders.
	She turned quickly.  "Your Holiness," she said in surprise.
	"Forgive me, Child," he said shakily.  "I wanted to see how
you were getting on."
	"I'm okay," she said softly.  "Thank you."  She quickly
adjusted the robes so that they appeared more in order.  She
shivered slightly.  "Is it cold in here?"  she asked.
	"I'll ask the attendants to turn the heat up," the Patriarch
said with a gentle smile.  "Now tell me, Child, what's bothering
you?  Your sister?"
	She nodded.
	He smiled.  "Her Majesty often came to me to talk," he told
her, sitting down on a nearby couch.  "She would sometimes wonder
about her faith."
	"I see,"  Sasami said, sitting next to him.  She readjusted
the neckline of her outfit.  It itched a great deal.  "I never knew
Aeka to be a very religious person."
	"Oh, she was, Child, she was,"  the Patriarch assured her.
"During the war she was often racked with guilt.  She wondered
what gave her the right to send men and women to die.  I told her
then, as I tell you now:  Tsunami's Divine Grace watches over all
of us, and those who die in her name doubly so."
	"And that...comforted her?"  Sasami asked,  pulling at the
neck of her outfit again.
	He nodded.  "She still didn't like her postion, but she
could sleep a little easier."
	"I don't know what to do," she whispered.
	The Patriarch smiled and reached out to pat her knee.  He
stopped suddenly and took her hand.  "Fear not, Child.  Her
Majesty watches over you now as well."
	"Thank you," she said with an honest smile.
	He smiled back.  "Thank you, Your Majesty."

	Alarms went off on the bridge of the Claymore.
	"Tsunami dammit all!"  the Sensor Officer, Ensign Nari Yarin
cried out in annoyance as he canceled the alert.  He spoke into
his comm set.  "Con, Sensors, disregard proximity alert.  Repeat,
disregard proximity alert."  He sighed in annoyance and glared at
the Claymore's tree.  "Will you knock it off, already!?"  he cried.
The tree didn't reply.
	"What's the problem, Ensign?"  he heard Commander Sirrin
ask from behind him.  "That's the fourth false alarm today."
	Yarin gulped.  "Sorry, Sir.  It's the Clay.  The automatic
alert system's been coming on everytime a stray asteroid floats
by, it seems."
	Sirrin looked up at the tree.  On the viewscreen nearby, the
planet Porsea slowly spun about on it's axis.
	Sirrin sighed.  "Ensign, we have a situation here," he
muttered.  "The captain's down on the planet, and you know that
his comm goes off with every alert..."
	"Yes, Sir.  Sorry, Sir,"  Yarin replied.  "It's just that..."
He broke off.
	"Just what?"  Sirrin asked.
	Yarin collected his thoughts and turned to the EXO.  "It's
just that she's been awfully jumpy lately, Sir," he whispered.
"If I didn't know better..."  He paused and began again.  "If I
didn't know better, I'd say she was scared of something."
	Sirrin blinked.  The Claymore?  Scared?  "Ensign, this is
the same ship that helped face down the Danitan fleet during the
First Delgar Prime.  She doesn't scare easily."
	The Ensign nodded.  "I know, Sir.  And that scares *me*."
	Sirrin said nothing.  Then, "Disable the automated proximity
alert and watch the scope carefully."
	"Aye aye, Sir."
	"Eisen to Claymore,"  the captain's irritated voice came
over the comm.  "Don't tell me that was *another* false alarm."
In his seat, Yarin tensed.
	"Sorry, Captain,"  Sirrin replied.  "Sensor malfunction."

	"Well, try to keep it under control,"  Eisen grumbled into
the communicator.  He looked up at the ceiling of the temple he had
found himself in.  A skylight provided him with a clear line of
sight so he   could speak to his ship.  The Royal Marines on either
side of him waited for him to finish his conversation.  "Eisen out."
He switched off the comm.
	"Sir!"  a Marine cried running into his chamber.  "You'd
better come take a look at this."
	Eisen followed the young soldier down a dark hallway, their
flashlights providing little light.  Without warning, he found
himself in a mammoth chamber.  There was no light, so he still
couldn't see.
	"What am I looking at, Private?"  he asked.
	The soldier turned to another one not far away.  This Marine
was standing next to a control pad in the wall.  "Turn it on again."
	The soldier hit a few buttons, and the chamber was filled
with light, exposing the contents of the room.  Eisen's eyes went
wide at what he saw.
	Holes.
	At least a hundred of them.  He took a step forward and knelt
next to one, looking down at the bottom.  The soil was stained with
something.  "What's the count?"  he breathed.
	"Eighty-seven, Sir," the soldier told him.
	Eisen stood up.  "I'll be on the comm," he said, starting back
toward the original chamber so he could get a clear transmission.

	"Holes, Captain?"  Sirrin asked.
	"That's right,"  Eisen's voice confirmed.  "Almost a hundred
of them.  That's what they're looking for."  Sirrin took a breath.
"I want you to con..."  Suddenly, the transmission began to fade out.
	"Captain?"  Sirrin asked.  "Captain Eisen, respond."  He
turned to the Communications Officer.
	"Some kind of interference, Sir," she told him.  "I'm trying
to isola..."
	"CON, SENSORS!  NEW CONTACT!  BEARING ONE-EIGHT-ONE MARK
ZERO-SEVEN-ZERO!"  Yarin shouted.
	"What the..."  Sirrin got out.
	Then nothing.

	Eisen looked up as a bright flash lit up chamber from the
heavens through the skylight.  After a moment, the flash dissipated.
	"Claymore?"  he called into his comm unit.  "Claymore,
respond."
	"Sir?"  one of the Marines asked.  "What is it?"
	Eisen was still staring up at the sky when he saw it.  A
tiny flash of green light, only about one-one thousandth the
intensity of the one before it, only this time, the light remained.
	It was getting bigger.
	And bigger...
	"Tsunami..." he whispered.

	It would take another three weeks for a nearby Jurain transport
to reach Porsea and discover the debris field in orbit.  With all
the asteroids in the area, no one gave the large crater on the
planet's surface much thought.


	Mayuka watched from her place on the dais as Sasami appeared
at the main door of the Great Hall.  On either side of her, soldiers
in the raiments of the Holy Knights of Jurai escorted her as she
walked up to the throne.
	The young girl marveled at the scene before her.  Standing
next to her, Yosho seemed moved as well.  Not a sound was heard as
Sasami walked up the steps and faced the man waiting for her there.
The Patriarch stepped forward motioned for her to kneel.  Sasami
knelt on one knee, her head bowed down.
	Mayuka got a good look at her for the first time since the
ceremony started.  Her aunt had always been beautiful, but now,
arrayed in robes of state, she seemed doubly so.  Her light blue
kimono was covered by a long cape made of peacock feathers.  Her
long, silky ponytails hung down to the floor.  Mayuka saw the
sweat on her aunt's brow and felt a pang of sympathy.
	<She must be so nervous,> she thought.

	On the other side of the dais, Carvin watched as the young
woman he had met on Mallistair kneeled before the Patriarch.  He
sighed quietly without knowing why.  He blinked as he saw Sasami
wobble where she knelt.
	The Patriarch took a wooden chalice from a nearby Archsennas.
He dipped his fingers in the water in the cup and touched Sasami's
forehead.  Water from the chalice dripped down Sasami's face, giving
him the impression of shed tears.
	"As the water of Tsunami blesses you,"  the Patriarch intoned,
"May your reign bless this holy empire."  He stood back.
"Rise...Sasami...Queen of Jurai," he ordered.
	Sasami swallowed nervously and rose slowly to her feet.
Again, she seemed to wobble.  Carvin's eyes narrowed.  He watched
more carefully.

	Sasami rose to her feet and took a deep breath.  <Tsunami,
it's so hot,> she thought.  She was sweating profusely now, and
she didn't feel well at all.  She took another deep breath and
composed herself.  <To think, just a few minutes ago I was bitching
because it was cold.>
	She blinked.  Her legs felt so weak.  She was hot, and her
damn kimono was *still* itching.  She fought to ignore it.  She
only had to get through the ceremony and a short speech.  She'd
be alright.
	She nearly jumped when one of the soldiers that had escorted
her knocked the butt of his spear into the ground three times.
	*BOOM!  BOOM!  BOOM!*
	She closed her eyes and took another breath.  <Just a little
longer, and she could go lie down...>
	The soldier called out in his booming Northlands brogue.
"THREE CHEERS FOR HAR MADJESTY, SASAMI OV DJ'RAI!  LONG MAY SHE
RRREIGN!!!  HIP HIP!"
	"HOORAY!"  came the call from anyone in the room in a
uniform, including Carvin and Mina.
	"HIP HIP!"
	"HOORAY!"
	Sasami took another breath.  She felt nauseaus.
	"HIP HIP!"
	"HOORAY!"
	The Patriarch approached again and gently placed the gold
crown of the Royal House on Sasami's head.
	Sasami turned to the crowd before her and took a breath as
she prepared to deliver her short acceptance speech.

	Carvin watched as she turned.  She looked pale.
	"People of Jurai,"  Sasami began haltingly.  "I succeed my
sister...but I know I could...I could never...replace her..."  She
paused.  Her hand going to her face.  She took another breath.
Carvin saw her wobble on her feet and started toward her.
	"I hope only...that you can..."  She paused again.  Carvin
rushed forward as Sasami suddenly collapsed.
	Cries of alarm went up as everyone in the hall stood up to
see what was happening.  Carvin knelt next to Sasami's unmoving
form and checked her pulse.  It was weak.  Her breath was soft
and unsteady.  She was very pale.  It appeared as if the blood
had literally drained from her face.
	"Sasami?"  he called.  "Sasami?  Can you hear me?"  Mina knelt
next to him.  The Queen's breathing grew weaker.
	"Poison,"  Mina concluded deadpan.
	Carvin nodded and began running his hands up Sasami's sleeves
and along her arms.  "Check her legs.  Look for a dart, an entry
wound, anything that might indicate the source of the poison.  If
we can isolate it, she might have a chance."
	Mina nodded and began checking Sasami's legs.
	"What's happening?!"  Mayuka cried, pushing to the front of
the group.  She looked at Sasami's unmoving form and gasped.
"Aunt Sasami!?"
	Some people from the audience tried to push forward, but
the guards leveled their weapons at them threateningly.
	Carvin's search became more desperate.  "Where the hell's
the trauma team!?"  he called out.
	"Two minutes!"  someone shouted back.
	"She'll be dead in two minutes!"  he bit back.  She was
getting worse and they still hadn't located the entry wound.
	He stopped as he noticed something.  He lifted the
neckline of Sasami's kimono.  The skin above the neckline was pale.
The skin *below* the neckline was red and irritated.  He quickly
raised one of her sleeves and checked her arm.  Her hand was pale.
Her arm was as red as a Beleguese lobster.
	"Tsunami best and greatest," he breathed as the answer
dawned on him.  He unsheathed his ceremonial dagger from his
belt and placed the blade at Sasami's throat.  Grasping the
neckline of her outfit, he began to slice down the front of the
Queen's kimono, tearing the blue star silk off her as fast as he
could.
	"Carvin!?"  Mina began.
	"The poison's in the kimono!"  he said, not even bothering
to look up at her.
	Her eyes went wide.  She quickly drew her own ceremonial
knife and began cutting the kimono off her.  By this time, the
crowd was beginning to surge forward again.  A medical team and
a hover gurney came rusing into the hall.
	Carvin pulled the last piece of the poisoned silk off Sasami
and tossed it away.  Her entire body except for the parts that had
not touched the silk was a deep red.  He pulled his dress coat off
and covered her body with it before lifting her up and placing her
on the gurney.
	"Go!"  he ordered the medic.  The medics rushed the Queen out
of the hall, surrounded by guards.
	From all over the palace, alarms started going off.  Carvin
didn't pull his eyes from the door Sasami had been carried through.


Author's Notes:

Send C&C to Thomas "009" Doscher at
doscher009@hotmail.com

Also, visit the newest Tenchi Muyo review site on the web at
www.dragonsanime.com/cavdav

Thanks for reading.  ^_^ \/

