Disclaimer:(legal stuff)I don't own Tenchi Muyo. AIC/Pioneer owns it. I
don't
plan on making money on this, story so don't sue me. I don't have much money

anyway. On with the story.

Ryoko couldn't sleep at all that night, Tenchi was on her mind. She kept
crying and sobbing. She wouldn't know how Tenchi would take the news. She
was
tired of living a normal life and wanted to be a space pirate once again,
and
besides, that was her life from the beginning until she met Tenchi Masaki.

She fell in love with him and when she was watching him grow older she
thought he was handsome, but then he wasn't visiting the cave anymore. She
felt a loss, betrayal and then right now she was living with him in his
house, but with other girls, that caused a conflict between the girls
causing
them to constant fighting to win Tenchi's heart. Mostly Ayeka and Ryoko
though. That memory caused her to cry and sob some more. Tears filled her
eyes, she felt so weak in the knees, she had a headache and she was
distressed from her sobbing.

She walked quietly into Tenchi's room. She saw him sleeping. She liked
watching him sleep, for it made her become calm and peaceful. She put her
hand on his cheek caressing it then she brought her head closer to  his and
kissed his lips gently.

"Ryoko," Tenchi said as he wiped his eyes. "Why are you crying?"

Ryoko struggling to respond then finally she got it out.

"I'm leaving, my Tenchi."

"Bu-, Ryoko put an index finger on his lips.

"Wait, I just want to explain how I feel about you before I go."

Tenchi nodded and Ryoko removed her index finger.

"Tenchi I remember 700 years ago when Yosho attacked me and I landed in that

cave, I've been alone for a long time but then you came along, a young boy
and you kept on visiting me and then I thought I had a friend." "When you
grew up you never did visit anymore then you released me and here I am
living
at your house having all these feelings for you. "Tenchi, I just want to say

I love you ,"struggling to say the words, Tenchi responded with a hug, no
not
just a simple hug, a hug that was so gentle and close, a hug that would say
the words I love you too. They stayed close still in the hug for five
minutes. Ryoko would have to break the hug and leave.

"Wait Ryoko before you go can't I atleast tell you how I feel?"

Ryoko thought those words were caressing words, words he kept in his heart
for a long time. "Go on,"Ryoko said trying to say it strongly.

"Ryoko, I've known you for some time like three years ago when I released
you
I was scared because you kept on attacking me but then I learned that you
were good and- "Tenchi that's just the thing, I'm not good I'm a mischievous

demon!" Ryoko yelled.

"What?" Tenchi said confused.

"Tenchi I don't even have a good soul, I don't have a heart, tears started
to
well up in her eyes and she screamed and I'm a big old nothing!" Tears
streamed down her cheeks.

Tenchi felt like caring for her, Ryoko just cried in his chest and he cared
for her back. Ryoko had to break the crying.

"Tenchi I'm going because my life is being a space pirate, and I'm going to
stop living a normal life and living like me again, the life that I had quit

and now continuing."

"But Ryoko I don't understand I thought you liked living a normal life."

"I did but now I miss my life."

"Ryoko I didn't tell you yet, I love you."

"I know Tenchi." "I have to go now," said Ryoko. "But first I have to get
Ryo-Ohki. Ryoko found Ryo-Ohki laying on the couch downstairs. She woke her
up just taking Ryo-Ohki in her hands.

"Meow, Meow, MEEOOOWWW!" Ryo-Ohki said as she saw Ryoko.

"Hey you little furball, were getting out of here."

Ryo-Ohki understood this and didn't complain.

"So Ryoko your not going to change your mind about going, huh."

"Nope," Ryoko simply said.

"Well then I guess this is goodbye Ryoko."

"No Tenchi this is more like see you later," Ryoko said as she kissed him
passionately. Ryoko broke off the kiss and just stood there.

"See you later," a stunned Tenchi said.

"See you later Tenchi Masaki," she said as she flew out the window. She blew

kisses at him.

"Don't worry Tenchi I'll write."

"I'll write too."

And she flew out the window with Ryo-Ohki then Ryo-Ohki transformed and flew

off and Ryoko was gone.

Next morning everybody just went through their standard day and didn't
even
notice she was gone. < I can't believe this > Tenchi thought. "Don't
you
guys notice anything," he said acting stupid.

"Well I think I just noticed something right now, Ryoko's gone,"
Sasami said.

"Exactly," Tenchi said.

"Well Tenchi where is she?" Sasami asked.

"I've got some news everybody," Tenchi responded.

"What's the matter Lord Tenchi," Ayeka asked concerned.

"Everybody, Ryoko has gone out to space to become a space pirate, she
might
not come back for a long time.
"Why can't we just go get her?" Sasami asked.

"Well Sasami, Ryoko took Ryo-Ohki so we have nothing to travel in."

"WHAT MY LITTLE RYO-OHKI!" Sasami exclaimed.

"I know we could use Ryu-oh to get her," Sasami said recovered from her
news
from Tenchi.

"That's a great idea and all but I think it's Ryoko's decision to do

anything she wants," Tenchi informed her.

"But I'll miss Ryoko," Sasami said sadly and started to cry.

Ayeka tried to comfort her little sister as she cried in Ayeka's stomach.

Sasami said something startling "Tenchi I can't believe you just let
Ryoko
go like this, TENCHI I HATE YOU!"

Then Sasami ran up to her room slamming the door.

Right then Tenchi felt bad about Ryoko leaving and Sasami being mad at him.

"I'll go talk to her," Ayeka said.

"No Ayeka just give her some space and she'll get over it then I'll
talk to
her," Tenchi said.

"But Tenchi, she said something really harsh an-

"Ayeka," Tenchi said looking at her.

"Yes Lord Tenchi, I understand," Ayeka said defeated.

It was dinnertime and Sasami hasn't made anything.

Tenchi went up to Sasami's room. He knocked on her door, "Sasami can I
come
in?"

"Okay," Sasami said.

"Ah hi Tenchi," Sasami said.

"Look Sasami I'm really sorry I just had no intention to stop her,
please
try to understand.

"No Tenchi I'm sorry for saying I hate you, I guess I was too mad that
Ryoko
was gone and I took it out on you, please forgive me," Sasami said as she
bowed.

"No need for bowing," Tenchi said.

Sasami started to laugh for the expression on Tenchi's face was funny to
her.

"Hahahahahahaha."

"What's so funny?" Tenchi asked.

"Oh nothing," Sasami said as she started to laugh again.

"Hahahahahahaha," and then Tenchi started to laugh "Hahahahaha."
"Well Sasami are you still mad?" Tenchi asked.

"No not really," Sasami said.

"Good, um all of us are really hungry so can you make us dinner?"

"Oh my gosh I forgot about dinner," Sasami said as she ran down stairs.

"Cute kid," Tenchi said as he walked downstairs.

Washu then finally came out of her lab, "Oh good dinner's ready, it
looks so
good Sasami."

"Thank you," Sasami said politely.

"Where's Ryoko," Washu asked.

"Washu, Ryoko is gone," Tenchi said sadly.

"Oh where did she go," Washu said as she was cutting her fish.

"Little Washu, Ryoko has gone out to space to become a space pirate
again,"
Tenchi said again.

"Oh that's nice," Washu said, as everybody was confused except her.

"Don't you care Washu," Sasami asked confused.

"No not really," Washu said as she put fish in her mouth.

"I know, Little Washu why don't you talked to her telepathically,"
Tenchi
suggested.

"Well Tenchi I don't want to interfere with her life," Washu said.

Tenchi decided to beg her, "Please, please."

"Oh fine," Washu said annoyed.

< Little Ryoko > Washu was saying telepathically.

< Washu, what do you want? > Ryoko said annoyed.

< Is that your way to treat your mother, shame on you Ryoko? > Washu said
childishly.

Ryoko was starting to sound even more annoyed and not to mention mad < What
do you want? > Ryoko said trying to say it nicer but it just sounded
sarcastic.

< Everybody wanted me to talk to you, Little Ryoko they miss you. >

< Really, even Ayeka? > Ryoko sounded amazed.

< Yep > Washu responded.

< Tell Tenchi I miss him > Ryoko said.

"Tenchi, Ryoko misses you," Washu said.

"Tell Ryoko I miss her back," Tenchi responded.
< Tenchi misses you back, Little Ryoko. > Washu said.

< Well Little Ryoko what are you doing out in space? > Washu asked.

< Um just relaxing, really nice view out here. > Ryoko responded.

< I think you should come back. > Washu suggested.

< I've been thinking about that but that will cause a problem for Tenchi,
I'm a big problem and I don't want to ruin his life. > Ryoko said sadly.

< Well Washu got to go, bye. > Ryoko said.

< Bye Little Ryoko. > Washu said disappointed.

"Well Washu what did she say," Tenchi asked curiously.

"Well ah Tenchi she said it's a nice view out there."

"Did she say anything about me?" Tenchi asked still curious.

"Yes, as a matter of fact she did," Washu said.

"Well what did she say, Little Washu?"

"All right you want to hear it, fine she said that she doesn't want to
ruin
your life, and she thinks she's a problem to you."

"What I don't understand?" Tenchi said confused.

"Me either, you no what I'm going in my lab, bye," Washu muttered.

Meanwhile on Yagami  "Hey pull over, I said pull over, this is the Galaxy
Police you were going more than the speed limit on the ring of Saturn,"
Kiyone yelled.

"Hey Mihoshi, Kiyone nice to see you," Ryoko said as she appeared on the

screen.

"RYOKO!" Mihoshi and Kiyone exclaimed, as they were surprised.

"What are you doing here, Ryoko?" Kiyone asked still surprised.

The Marshall appeared on the screen, "Kiyone can you pull them over?"

"Ah yes sir," Kiyone said unsure.

"Ryoko, we have to pull you over and give you a ticket, please forgive
us,"
Kiyone said.

"But I thought you guys were my friends, I know we can talk," Ryoko
said.

"Uh sorry that would be unnecessary, we have to follow the rules,"
Kiyone
said.

"Fine can we talk after you give me a ticket," Ryoko said.

"Yeah please, PRETTY PLEASE Kiyone," Mihoshi begged.

"Oh all right," Kiyone said annoyed.
Ryoko got a ticket and after that Mihoshi and Kiyone talked with Ryoko.

"Jeez Ryoko you let us get you," Mihoshi said amazed.

"Yeah Ryoko, why," Kiyone said stunned.

"Ah anything to talk to you guys, but then again how am I going to pay for

this," Ryoko said nervously with a sweat drop on her head.

"Well why were you going fast in the first place?" Kiyone asked.

"I don't know, I don't even know I'm going fast, I guess it just
happens,"
Ryoko said stupidly.

"Are you sure this is ok, Kiyone?" Ryoko asked worried.

"Yeah this is, this is our coffee break time, don't worry," Kiyone
responded.

"So Ryoko what made you come to outer space," Kiyone asked with
curiosity.

"Um I guess I miss space and being a space pirate," Ryoko said.

"But Ryoko if you continue to be a space pirate, we'll have to arrest
you,"
Kiyone said.

"You guys would do that, my friends," Ryoko said amazed.

"We would have to if you were breaking the law," Kiyone said informing
her.

"I can't believe this," Ryoko muttered.

"Well Ryoko are you, and why did you leave, what happened, what about
Tenchi?" Kiyone asked.

"Wow you ask a lot of questions, nothing happened with Tenchi, I just
missed
being a space pirate," Ryoko said.

"Just look at you, this isn't like you Ryoko an- (Kiyone was interrupted
by
Ryoko)

"What are you talking about Kiyone, this was always like me, I'm a space

pirate right, I rob banks, do stuff like that, you don't know me, I could
do
anything bad right now," Ryoko yelled.

When she got out of her chair Kiyone said something, "Ryoko go back to
Earth,
I know how you feel about Tenchi, stop waisting your time here, do something

useful with yourself."

"You don't know anything," Ryoko said quietly.

Ryoko went and Kiyone and Mihoshi went back to their job. Ryoko wrote a
letter to Tenchi and Tenchi was reading it:

Dear Tenchi,
          There is not one day I don't think about you. I miss you so much

and I was thinking I would come back in a year or so, you probably think
that's a very long time and I know it is, anyway everything's pretty
good
here, I just talked to Kiyone and Mihoshi, that didn't go so well. How's

everything there? Do you miss me? Oh yeah guess what, I just got a ticket
from Mihoshi and Kiyone, I guess I was going too fast I don't know if I
can
pay for it. What will I do? Love, Ryoko.

"Tenchi what's that," Ayeka asked.

"Oh it's just a letter from Ryoko, she's coming back in a year,"
Tenchi
said happily.

"Tenchi do you like Ryoko?" Ayeka asked.

"What makes you think that?" Tenchi asked.

"Well it seems like it, do you?" Ayeka asked again.

Complete silence filled the room.

"Yes," Tenchi finally said.

Ayeka burst into tears and ran upstairs.

Sasami saw Ayeka run upstairs, "Hey Tenchi what's wrong with Ayeka."

"Oh I just said something that upset her," Tenchi responded.

"What did you say?" Sasami asked again.

"Well she asked if I liked Ryoko and I said yes," Tenchi responded.

"Oh Tenchi that's wonderful," Sasami said as she hugged Tenchi.

"Oh no but my sister, she's probably really upset," Sasami said sadly
breaking the hug.

"Don't worry, I'll go talk to her," Tenchi said.

"Ok," Sasami said relieved.

Tenchi went upstairs and knocked on Ayeka's door  "Ayeka can I come
in."

"Uh sure," Ayeka said.

"Oh hi Tenchi," Ayeka said as she wiped a tear.

"Hi, um Ayeka I know this hurts your feelings and all but I love Ryoko and
I
just want you to respect that," Tenchi said.

"Tenchi how can you love her, how can you love a lowlife like her,"
Ayeka
said angrily.

"She's not a lowlife, Ayeka how can you say such mean things," Tenchi
said
angrily.

"I'm sorry Lord Tenchi, it's just she's a demon," Ayeka said
again.

"Uh I thought you would understand," Tenchi muttered.

"What I don't understand is why her, why not a princess like me,"
Ayeka
screeched.

"I love Ryoko, and I love you, it's just not in a way I love Ryoko,"
Tenchi
said.

"I understand Lord Tenchi," Ayeka said trying not to spread a tear.

Ayeka stayed in her room still crying and Tenchi decided to write a letter
to
Ryoko and Ryoko was reading it:

Dear Ryoko,
    I miss you so much and I want you to come back. It's good news that
you're coming in a year though. Some things are going good here except
some
things are going bad like I guess Ayeka found out that I love you. Ok I
guess
that's the only bad thing but she's really upset and she's crying but
she
called you some bad names. That's bad you got a ticket and I don't know
what
to do. Sorry. Love, Tenchi.

(One year later, Ayeka was Tenchi's fianc‚, and Ryoko was coming home.
Tenchi
had forgotten that Ryoko was coming home).

Ryoko was on Ryo-Ohki heading towards Earth, Ryoko wasn't alone she had
somebody with her. She had a guy with her named Eugene, "Are you sure this
is
ok Ryoko?"

"This is fine, I'll tell Tenchi that I met somebody then Ryoko thought
about
it < Tenchi this is Eugene, then Tenchi would become jealous and even mad. >

She actually would like to see Tenchi jealous.

Eugene was a little taller than Ryoko. He had gentle brown eyes, tan skin,
and had black spiky hair. It reminded Ryoko of Tenchi a little and she
blushed at the thought, oh yeah not to mention he even sounds like Tenchi!

Ryoko arrived at Earth and when Ryo-Ohki turned into a cute cabbit Eugene
was
surprised at this, "What the heck is this thing?"

"This is Ryo-Ohki, her species is a cabbit," Ryoko said as she laughed.

"Ah never heard of a cabbit before," Eugene said still looking at it.

< Ryoko still thought she was talking to Tenchi >.

"Yeah," she said, as she dozed off into her fantasy world. She thought
she
was still talking to Tenchi and then she decided to kiss him. Eugene was
surprised but then he kissed her back.

When she got out of her fantasy world she saw herself kiss Eugene. She just
kept kissing then she broke it.

Ryoko knocked on the door happiness, fear, and embarrassment went through
her
body as it just swept her from her feet but she then caught herself and
remained still.

Tenchi answered it and Ryoko just hugged him and knocked him down.

Ayeka saw this and got really mad, "Ryoko get off of him, Ryoko just kept
ignoring her and saying "Tenchi, Tenchi I missed you so much, did you miss

me, did you, did you."

Tenchi was unconscious and Ayeka was furious with her and Ryoko finally let
him go. "Oh great Ryoko now he's unconscious, why did you come here
anyway,"
Ayeka said so furious.

Tenchi finally woke up and he saw Ryoko, "Ryoko?" he questioned trying
to
look at her face.

Eugene was there too; "Who's this?" Tenchi asked.

"Tenchi this is Eugene, he's a friend, "Is he going to stay here
too,"
Tenchi asked rudely.

"Of course, do you have a problem," Ryoko said.
"No not at all, more freeloaders," Tenchi said sarcastically.

Ayeka came in and introduced herself "Hi I'm Ayeka, and you must be."

"Eugene," He responded as he shook her hand.

"Very nice to meet you," Ayeka said nicely as she took his hand.

"You too," Eugene said.

Tenchi could tell that something was going on, so could Ryoko.

Ayeka went to make dinner and Eugene came with her.

"Wow Ryoko I haven't seen you for a long time, I'm so glad you're
here, so
I've seen you've met somebody," Tenchi said happily.

"Yeah but that doesn't mean you and I don't have a relationship,
he's just
a friend," Ryoko said trying to sound honest.

Tenchi felt sorry for her, cause she didn't know about him and Ayeka. He
didn't want to ruin her time because she just got here but he had to tell
her
the truth.

"Uh Ryoko."

"Yes Tenchi," she said as she was looking into his eyes getting closer.

"Uhhhh," he said as he struggled when Ryoko was getting closer.

"Ayeka's my fianc‚e," Tenchi yelled as Ryoko started crying.

"What!" she screeched.

"I'm sorry while you were gone Ayeka and I started to like each other
and
now I don't know if I like her or you," Tenchi said disappointed.

Meanwhile when Ayeka's making dinner with Eugene Ayeka asks Eugene
something.

"So Eugene is Ryoko your boyfriend?"

"Not really, I mean she's more like a friend," Eugene said.

"Oh I see," Ayeka said.

(A week later Eugene and Ayeka fell in love and decided to go to space).

"Ayeka why are you going?" Tenchi asked furious after Ayeka told the
news.

"I'm sorry I like Eugene, bye Tenchi," Ayeka said as she blew a kiss
and ran
off with him.

"Hey wait a second mister, come back here," Ryoko yelled, but then they
took
off.
"Tenchi where did Ayeka go," Sasami asked worried.

"She's gone- (Ryoko interrupted Tenchi)- with my boyfriend.

"They went off to space," Tenchi said.

"Bye Tenchi," Sasami said as she left.

"Oh great now I have to be with you," Ryoko said with disappointment.

"What you think I'm happy," Tenchi muttered.

The phone just rang it was Tenchi's dad, "Tenchi, I have to write plans
for
people and I have to travel, and I'll be gone a week so I hope you can
stay
home with all those girls, I have to go bye."

Tenchi just set the phone down.

"That was my dad he's traveling so he'll be gone for a week."

"Fine," Ryoko said.

"I'm going to take a shower," Tenchi said.

"Me too," Ryoko said.

The next day it was really lonely and boring. Ryoko and Tenchi just made
their own breakfast and after four days they said sorry and they actually
started to like living all alone and Ryoko lost her bad attitude and Tenchi
lost his.

Tenchi actually proposed to her and she said yes. The End

I hope you liked my story and didn't think it sucked. I'm sorry Ryoko
and Tenchi are always going to be together in my stories.