Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo is owned by someone other than me.  If that person
and/or people should happen to read this, I would be quite flattered if they
would send me money, rather than suing me, which would be totally pointless,
I assure you.  I guess you could have my lava lamp and my Tori Amos CDs, but
really I'm pretty poor.  Ta.

The Legacy of Kain - Chapter 15 (At What Price Freedom)

        Hunter paced through the command room of the Yagami.  The ship had
been
gutted mercilessly - little remained of the interior.  All that was left was
the engine room, separated by a thin wall from the command room - a throne
room that had taken on the aspect of a workshop.  Odd bits and components
littered the floor and were heaped in piles, various tools and implements
scattered about them.
        Hunter stopped before a large, clear block that appeared to be a
cube made
of plastic.  Inside it, Sasami knelt on the floor, her wide, pink eyes
gazing upwards in supplication.  A single tear was frozen halfway in its
path down her cheek.  In her arms she cradled a small, fluffy bundle.
        Odd, thought Hunter distractedly, that she should have begged not
for her
life, but for the creature's.  Strange, weak and sentimental people.  Hard
to imagine it was they that defeated...Him.
        He felt something.
        "Hello, brother," he said, not turning from his perusal of the small
Princess.  Kevin stood across the room, silent, his fists clenched.
        "Like it?" Hunter said, running his hand over the smooth, clear
surface of
the block.  "An invention of Washu's.  Plasmite freezing.  She should be
quite well preserved - assuming she survived the freezing process."
        "Release her."
        "No," said Hunter, turning to face his brother.  "If I were to do
that, I'd
have no hostage.  No leverage, and no power.  Then where would I be?"  He
smiled grimly.  "Honestly, Walker, have you forgotten everything Father
taught us?"
        "Don't make the mistake of assuming this is a conversation, Hunter."
A
patch of the deck before him suddenly buckled and cracked, as though
supporting a great weight.  The disturbance shot across the room, ripping up
the floor as it went, and slammed into Hunter.  He was flung backwards,
connecting with the far wall with an audible THUD.
        "So."  Hunter grinned, wiping a trickle of blood from the corner of
his
mouth.  "Not everything, after all."  He held out his hand.  A dark crimson
blade flashed into existence.
        Kevin ignited his, purple-white in the darkness, and saluted Hunter.
"Have
at thee, brother," he said, quietly.
        Hunter laughed, and the battle began.

        "Hah!"  exclaimed Washu in satisfaction.  She sat back, stretching,
and
rubbed her eyes.  Finally got rid of that damn virus Hunter left in my
system, Washu thought.  Pernicious thing.  Kid's good - took me fifteen
minutes to get rid of it.
        She looked around.  They had moved outside, a ways away from the
charred
shell of the house.  The clouds were slowly clearing away, and the first
hints of false dawn were appearing in the east.
        The men of the house, uneasy with inactivity, had allowed Katsuhito
to
press them into service, beginning the long process of clearing away the
rubble and bodies that littered the grounds.  Mihoshi insisted on helping,
and the occasional crash, yelp of pain and stream of burbled apologies
served to prove that some things never change.  Ayeka sat slumped against a
pile of timbers, staring blankly at the ground.  Ryoko stood stock still,
staring up into the sky.
        Washu sighed inwardly, shaking her head, feeling the sting of her
daughter's pain.  Nothing to do now but wait.  And hope.
        To keep herself occupied, she began taking an inventory of her
equipment,
still down in the lab.  As the list scrolled down the screen, she frowned.
Most of it was merely wrecked, but one item was gone entirely.  A 'port
disc.  But what...
        Her gaze snapped upwards.
        "Uh oh."

        Kevin parried desperately.  Hunter was better than he was - always
had
been, and the strain of blocking his attacks and deflecting his telekinetic
strikes - whoa!
        He ducked as Hunter's blade sliced through the space where his head
had
been a split second earlier.  He blocked the back stroke, staring into
Hunter's wild eyes as their swords locked, hissing and spitting.  Maybe, he
thought, I should point out that I'M the good guy...
        Hunter suddenly backed up, wrenching his sword free, and lashed out
his
foot in a swift kick that connected with Kevin's stomach.  He lurched
backwards, almost falling, and slumped onto something hard and smooth.
        At last, he thought faintly, and jerked his arm.  The 'port disc
slipped
from his jacket into his open palm.  He spun, slapping it onto the cube of
plasmite and around to face Hunter.  He lifted his sword to the guard
position, hearing the soft -whumm- behind him, and took one delicious moment
to savour the look on his brother's face before leaping back into the fray.

        "Uh-oh."
        The soft mutter dragged Ayeka from her private reverie.  If there is
one
thing one never, ever wants to hear, it is the greatest scientific mind in
the universe saying "Uh-oh."
        "Miss Washu, what...oh..." she trailed off.
        There was a shimmering in the air, a soft blue glow that expanded
and
brightened, quickly becoming too intense to look at.  There was a soft
-crump-, and a huge block of clear material appeared out of thin air, a
block that contained -
        Sasami.
        It settled to the ground.  With a slight ping, a spent teleport disc
fell
from its side, landing in the grass.
        Washu was at the small panel on the side of the block in an instant,
stabbing at the controls.  Ayeka reached out, touched the block, and felt
wetness under her fingertips.  There was a faint smear of blood across the
smooth surface.
        She stared at it.
        "He did it," she whispered.

        "Son of a bitch!"
        Parry.  Thrust.
        "I won't have you maligning our mother's memory like that, Hunter."
        Leap.  Duck.  Swing.
        "I'll see you BURN..."
        "Not today."
        A fist came out of nowhere, slamming into Kevin's jaw and spinning
him
around.  Hunter howled, thrusting his hands forward, and suddenly Kevin was
airborne, spiralling across the cabin to ram into the far wall, leaving a
sizable dent.
        "Agh..." he wheezed softly, fighting his way upright.  He was
slumped
against the back wall, through which he could feel the faint thrum of the
ship's engines.
        Engines...?
        He gagged suddenly, coughing up a torrent of blood.  Hunter strode
swiftly
towards him.
        "So.  You managed to rescue her.  Good for you."  He lashed out with
his
fist, knocking Kevin back against the wall.  "Of course, all you really did
was buy her a few more hours of life."  He kicked Kevin in the side, who
slumped back to the ground with a weak groan.  "I hope it was worth it."  He
reached down, pulling him up by the front of his coat so that the two
brothers were face to face.  "What say you now, brother?  I suppose you must
be very proud of yourself."
        "No," said Kevin.  He smiled.  He tensed his fist, summoning every
last
ounce of strength he could muster, and struck - driving it backwards,
through the broken metal of the engine housing.  His hand, bloodied and
broken, closed over a thick tube.
        "NOW I'm proud of myself," he said, and pulled.
        Hunter looked at him in horror as the room went red, ten different
alarms
sounding.
        The room lurched sickeningly -

        Ryoko smiled, looking away from Ayeka and Sasami's tearful reunion.
She
looked down at the rumpled cabbit cradled in her arms and felt the
reassuring presence of Ryo-Ohki in her mind again.
        "Miya?"  <Time to fly?>
        <I think it is, little one.  Let's go.>
        She looked up, preparing to toss Ryo-Ohki into the air, and stopped.
        "Aw, shit."
        The household, one by one, stopped what they were doing and looked -

        The Yagami shuddered and lurched as it continued its fatal dive into
Earth's atmosphere.
        Hunter groaned, clawing at his face to sweep the blood and hair from
before
his eyes.  He pulled his way forward, desperately trying to reach the
control panel.  The seat had been torn away - he braced himself against the
side panel as his hand closed over the control stick.  Slowly the Yagami
began to ease into a more controlled descent.
        Hands suddenly closed around his throat, pulling backwards.  He
fought for
balance, never looking away from the screen.
        "Walker...idiot...we'll be killed..."
        "Suits...me fine..." came the ragged reply.  Hunter howled in
frustration
as he was pulled back, away from the controls.  The Yagami spun downwards -

        A shriek filled the air as the glow in the sky got brighter and
brighter -
the sound of a starship in its death throes.
        The Yagami spun downwards, lunging from side to side as explosions
rocked
the engine housing.  It spiralled from the sky and somehow, impossibly,
miraculously and certainly spectacularly, the Yagami landed in the lake for
the last time.
        "Ayeka!" yelled Ryoko, flying to her side.  She nodded briefly,
beckoning
the various family members to her side as the tidal wave shot into the air,
curling towards them.  She grit her teeth as the wave hit, her hastily
erected shield bucking under the pressure.
        Tsunami, she implored silently, give me strength.  She barely
noticed when
Sasami looked up and slipped her hand into Ayeka's, but somehow it seemed as
though the pressure receded a little...enough that she could hold on.
        When the waters finally receded, there was a crumpled, dark figure
lying
face down on the shore.
        "Oh, no," breathed Ryoko, instantly teleporting to his side.
"Kevin!" she
said urgently, rolling him over.  "...Kevin?"
        "I'm afraid not," said Hunter calmly.  He lashed out with a punch
that sent
Ryoko reeling.  He stood, slowly, and ignited his sword, lifting it to
strike.
        A shape moved under the waters of the lake and launched itself from
the
surface, slamming into Hunter and bowling him over in a clumsy tackle.
        Hunter looked up and blinked.
        "Why aren't you dead yet?"
        Kevin, water and blood dripping from his hair, grinned at him.
        "Funny, I was going to ask you the same question."
        Hunter heaved Kevin off him, rolling to his feet in one smooth
motion.
Kevin slowly fought his way upright, Ryoko moving to help him, as his
brother watched in distain.
        "It is time to choose, brother."
        "Wha-" began Kevin.
        Ryoko looked up.
        It always seemed to her, in the years that followed, that everything
happened in slow motion.  That she'd had the time to act, but didn't.
Somehow, in that one instant, she hesitated.
        Hunter stood before them, suffused in his black aura.  He lunged
forward,
his light sword igniting, arrowing towards Kevin.  At the same time, his
aura shifted, part of it detaching, becoming solid, a razor tipped spear of
darkness that shot towards her.
        The moment passed.  It was too late.  Ryoko realized, in that far
off way,
that she wouldn't even have time to scream.
        Then she realized that Kevin had not hesitated, not for an instant.
He
brought up his sword in one simple arc, severing the tendril of black that
had threatened her.  He didn't even make a whimper as Hunter's sword drove
into his chest up to the hilt.
        Hunter looked at him.  Kevin looked back.
        "Take it, then," Kevin whispered.
        The energy curling around Kevin heaved then, pulsing, shifting, and
began
to flow.  It poured down, over his body, over his wound and up Hunter's
sword, flowing into him, merging with the darkness that already surrounded
him.
        "Goodbye," said Kevin.
        They screamed then, agony and ecstasy mingling in that terrible
sound.  The
sword disappeared, Hunter backing up several steps, and Kevin slumped to the
ground in a boneless heap.  Ryoko fell to her knees next to him.
        "Kevin..."
        He opened his eyes, and they were blue, a bright, brilliant blue so
light
they were almost crystal.  He smiled at her.
        "Kevin...why..."
        "Because I love you.  Idiot."
        He slowly closed his eyes.
        "No!"
        "Ryoko!"
        She looked up.  Where Hunter had stood was a blot of blackness,
hovering in
midair.
        "I"
        A pair of claws detached themselves from the darkness.
        "LIVE"
        Appearing from the depths of the dark, like a cork bobbing to the
surface
of a pond, was a white mask.
        "AGAIN"
        And Ryoko looked into the eyes of Kain.
        There was a sudden blue tint to the air, a soft hum.  Tenchi stepped
forward, bathed in the soft glow of the Light Hawk Wings.
        <ryoko>
        Where were those voices coming from?  She shook her head.  She
gathered
Kevin's limp form to her chest and scrambled backwards.  Kain hissed,
turning away from the light of the Wings and toward her.
        <Ryoko.  It's time.  You know what to do>
        She stopped in mid-defiant snarl.  It was true, she realized.  She
knew
what to do.  She stood, slowly, still clutching Kevin, and slowly extended
one hand.
        Ryoko reached down inside herself, and PULLED.
        There was a flash of green light.
        "I do not believe this," breathed Ayeka.
        "Whoa," said Mihoshi.
        There, standing on the other side of Kain, hovered Ryoko, alight
with the
power of her own wings.
        She gestured, suddenly.  The green wings flew forward, wrapping
themselves
around Kain like a net, sizzling as they touched him.  He howled, writhing
in the constricting bands of green light.
        Tenchi yelled, thrusting a hand forward, and his wings followed
suit,
merging and flowing over Ryoko's, expanding until they made up a shimmering,
glowing blue/green globe.
        "Now," whispered Ryoko, and the light got brighter, and brighter...
        And winked out.
        There was nothing left except for a charred, smoking circle left in
the
grass.  Kain was gone.  Forever.
        Ryoko fell to her knees and began to cry, in deep, wracking sobs.
        The sun came up.
        It was going to be another beautiful day.

AUTHOR'S NOTE:  Whew!  Well, that's that...finally finished.  There's an
epilogue, of course, and eventually I'll be starting a new story
arc...eventually.  I'm going away to the wilderness for the next few months,
so I don't know when I can start on them, but keep tuned...and thanks for
reading this far, I appreciate it.  Comments?  Criticisms?  Pissed off about
how the story unfolded?  Let me know.  I'm at kakapo101@hotmail.com.
Thanks.