Legacy of Darkness
Prologue

It was early in the morning when Tenchi started his walk out to the 
fields; with what few tools he used slung over his shoulder.  It was a
beautiful morning, the sky was mostly clear, with just a few clouds in
it.  (This would be so romantic, if only he would've come up here with
me,) Ryoko thought as she watched him go.  (Of course, what did I
expect, this is Tenchi, the ever dutiful.  I wonder if that's part of
what attracts me to him?)  She chuckled to herself a bit.  (Of course
it is.  It's part of Tenchi.  Sure, it can be a boring part sometimes,
but, well, it's cute.)  She kept her eyes on him until he crested the
hill and began his walk down it.  Silently, she phased through the roof
and into Tenchi's room.  (Now, unless he moved it,)  Ryoko quickly
floated over to his bed.  She moved the pillow aside and was rewarded
with the sight of Tenchi's journal.  (Bingo.)

She quickly flicked it open.  The first page had, in large letters,
Ryoko, if you're looking at this, please put it down.  The next page
had an admonition to Aeka for the same thing, and the page after that
warned Sasami, Mihoshi, Washu, and his Father. She quickly flipped past
those pages to the newer entries.  (Now to see what he has to say...)
   
December 8

Well, it's been a while since I last wrote in here.  About a year, at
least since we went back in time to stop Kain.  I still can't believe
all that's happened.  We found out shortly after we got back that
Aeka's mother and father, Queen Misaki and King Azusa, were not killed
in Kagato's uprising.  Apparently he had stuffed them into a pair of
stasis pods and moved them off to a remote planet. Since they were
found, Azusa has been put back onto the throne. When she heard the
news, Aeka was overjoyed, and used the communications system of the
Yagami to talk to them several times.  They've given her permission to
stay on Earth, at least for the time being.  They had one condition for
now, and that was that Aeka had to come back to Jurai for the birth of
her younger brother, who is due around the end of this month.  So,
we're all getting ready to leave for Jurai tomorrow.  This will be my first
chance to meet Aeka's family, aside from Sasami. 

December 10

Well, we've started another trip to Jurai.  This time we're riding on a
Jurain tree ship.  Everyone came along, except for Kiyone and Mihoshi,
who couldn't get time off, and Grandfather, who just said he didn't
think it would be a good idea for him to go.  Even dad used some
vacation time.  He said "I've been in space once, and it was so
beautiful, even though it was dangerous.  I want to go again, and I
want to go without having anybody shoot at us!"  Sasami and Aeka are
both looking forward to going back to Jurai, and I can't wait to see
such a beautiful planet again.  Even Ryoko seems to be looking forward
to getting there. 

In other news, Amagasaki came over yesterday.  Thankfully, it was
before the Jurains came.  I could just imagine the look on his face
then.  As it is, he insists on knowing which of the girls I'm sleeping
with, and wants to know if he can have one of the others.  I barely
kept Ryoko and Aeka from hurting him.  I don't think he'll be coming
back for a while though, Ryoko gave him a major scare when she flashed
her fangs at him, and I think that Aeka glaring doom at him didn't help
much.  Fortunately, he came by as Kiyone and Mihoshi were leaving, I
don't think I could've held everyone back.

December 23

We reached Jurai three days ago.  We would've been there sooner, except
there was an engine problem.  Fortunately, they got it fixed, and no
one got hurt.

Unfortunately, I don't think King Azusa likes me very much.  Queen
Misaki seemed to like me, but I didn't get to see much of her.  She's
expecting soon, so they're not letting her go out and about much, and
they're not allowing her to have many visitors. 

Dad is enjoying himself a lot here, he seems to like the architecture
they use here.  I think he may try to apply some of it when he gets
back to work.

I like it here also.  It's such a beautiful planet, and the Jurain's
seem to have worked hard to keep it that way.  I haven't seen very
much of Aeka or Sasami since we arrived, because they've been off
visiting family a lot.  I have, however been spending time with
everyone else.  Ryoko seems to be glad that she's got "time alone with
me", even though Washu and Dad are usually with us.

January 1 (I think.)

Well, little Atsuka was born yesterday.  I'm just getting ready to go
off and visit the family before the baby is shown to the public.

January 4 (I'm pretty sure.)

Everything seems to be fine with Atsuka.  He's healthy, and everyone
expects him to grow up and be a credit to the Jurain Royal Family.

I also got a chance to speak with Azusa in private. Though I may have
read it wrong, he seems to be trying to make it a point that he means
for me to have absolutely NO claim on the throne.  Not unless I marry
Aeka that is.  I think he may think I want to take the throne away from
him.  I'm guessing that the coup may have left him a bit paranoid, not
that I can blame him. 

I also got to visit Misaki again.  She's doing well, and thanked me for
helping stop the coup.  Everyone was talking about how Atsuka has got
Misaki's grip, and I know what they meant now.  She insisted on giving
me a hug, and, well, she's really strong.  Let's leave it at that. 

I also got a chance to have dinner alone with Aeka on the second, and
Ryoko on the third. I really need to be more considerate of their
feelings, but they still seem to want me to choose between them, and I
just can't decide. I love them both, and don't want to see either of
them hurt. I think they both know that, but I'm not sure.  
Maybe I should just tell them?

Washu hasn't been around much.  I wonder what she could be doing.

January 7 (I may be wrong.)

We're starting back for Earth now. Though I loved visiting Jurai, I was
starting to get homesick.  Misaki has given us a standing invitation to
come back, and has told us that Jurai is even more beautiful in the
spring. We apparently got there in Jurai's autumn.

Washu, whom I'd hardly seen since the baby's birth, seems to be
bringing along something she built on Jurai. She won't tell any of us
what it is, but she insists that it's something only she could make.

The king has insisted that we be escorted by Kamedake,  "to ensure the
safety of the Princesses of Jurai, in case of any attacks from hostile
powers."  For some reason, I think it also serves the double purpose of
having Kamedake keep an eye on me.

January 23 (I know I'm right this time.)
	
Wow, it's been hectic lately.  I've been buried in schoolwork ever
since we arrived, and I've just now caught up.  Fortunately, Kamedake's
been helping out.  He said that even though he's here to protect the
Princesses, that shouldn't stop him from doing his fair share.  He's
done most of the work Grandfather usually has me do at the shrine, and
he and Grandfather seem to be getting along well.  

Of course, he said he's also probably going back to Jurai soon.  He
doesn't think he's really needed here, and from what he's said, Azusa
seems to agree.  

Aeka and Ryoko have also been getting along better lately.  I hope the
trend keeps up.

January 25

Aeka, Kamedake, and I got messages last night.  Apparently there's been
an uprising on a few Jurain border planets.  Kamedake is being recalled
to help deal with it.  A tree ship will be here to pick him up shortly.
I don't know what Aeka's said, but my letter was directly from Azusa.
He said that, while Kamedake is gone, I'll be expected to guard all of
the members of the Jurain royal family on the planet.  He included
Grandfather in this edict, even though I don't think he really needs
protection. At least Azusa seems to be showing some trust in me.

Also, Washu unveiled her new invention today.  Apparently, she's been
working on it since we were on Jurai.  It's a booster for the Yagami. 
It increases its speed and power, over short periods of time.  
Unfortunately, it has a tendency to burn out after a while. 
Washu's working on that problem, as I write.

February 2

Kamedake left yesterday.  I was sorry to see him go, as I'd gotten to 
know him a lot better while he was here.

I've started practicing with Grandfather again. I'm glad to say that my
technique hasn't degraded from the time I spent not practicing.

It's getting close to planting time, so soon I'll have to go out and
begin working the fields to get them ready for the carrot crop.

(...So, he's not sure that we know he loves us both?  Either he's
really imperceptive, or naïve.  Or both.)  Ryoko quickly smirked to
herself again, then put the journal back under the pillow and quietly
phased through the wall and started downstairs.

***

Legacy of Darkness, Chapter 1: Stolen Away
By Drakstern


Tenchi was out working in the fields.  It was close to planting time
for the carrots, so he had to make sure everything would be ready.  The
rhythm of the work relaxed him, being pleasantly mundane compared to
the rest of his life.  (Of course, I guess I did want the strangeness
back,) he thought, as he churned up some fresh soil.  (Life just hadn't
been the same without the others.)  Stepping back to examine his work,
which had been going slowly, Tenchi could tell he was going to have to
come out again tomorrow, and possibly the day after.  (The ground has
been stubborn.) 


He was all set to get back to work, when he realized how hungry he was.
(Might as well eat now,) he thought.  He walked over to where he
normally ate, looking for the food Sasami had made for him.  It wasn't
where he usually put it.  Then he remembered, (I left it in the shed!)
Sighing, Tenchi started the walk back toward the house, tools in hand.


Then, he felt a sting on the side of his neck.  He quickly brought his
hand up, and felt something there.  His knees started to buckle as he
pulled it out.  (A dart?)  was his last thought before he collapsed
into unconsciousness.
	
***

It was getting close to lunchtime at the Masaki home.  Sasami was
playing with Ryo-Ohki outside, while Aeka tried her hand at cooking. 
(She really does too much work around the house,)  Aeka thought to
herself, as she tried to follow the instructions in the old cookbook
that she'd found.  She'd thought it would be nice for Sasami to have
a day off from housework, so she had taken over. 


She had just finished part of the recipe, and was about to put it on 
the stove, when Sasami came back in, carrying what looked like
Tenchi's lunch.  "Did he forget his lunch again?"  Aeka asked.


"Yes, he left it in the shed," Sasami replied, " Should I take it out
to him?"


"No, I'll do i-" she started, but then she remembered that she was
cooking.  "Maybe Ryoko could take it to him," She finished.


"Good idea, princess," Ryoko commented as she walked into the kitchen,
"I could have it out to him in an instant."


"Oh, thank you Ryoko," Sasami said quickly, handing her the lunch.


"Yes, thank you Ryoko.  You might want to hurry though, because he
might have realized he forgot it and be on his way back here," Aeka
said.


"Back in an minute," Ryoko said.  With that, she walked outside and
started flying towards the fields.


(I hope she doesn't- No, I trust Tenchi not to do anything like that,)
Aeka thought to herself, as she put the uncooked food on to the stove. 


"Don't let that overcook, Aeka, and make sure you stir it," the smaller
princess advised.  


"I know, Sasami, but thank you for reminding me, just in case," Aeka
replied, smiling.  Suddenly, Ryo-Ohki, who had been calm until then,
started hissing and getting agitated.


And that's when Ryoko came back in. "Something's happened to Tenchi!"
she exclaimed.


"What?!"  Both princesses yelled at once.


"He's not out there, and his tools are just lying out on the edge of
the field.  I checked to make sure he hadn't just gone to the shrine to
help Yosho with something, but he wasn't there either." 


"I wonder what could've happened?"  Aeka said.


"I don't know, but maybe Washu can find him," Ryoko asserted.  She
walked past the two princesses and went into Washu's lab.  Aeka and
Sasami followed closely behind her.

***

"...So, he's just gone without a trace?"  Washu inquired as she typed
commands into her computer.


"Yes," Aeka said quickly.  " Can you do anything to find him?"


"Well, I may be able to find his life signs, but only if he's still
near here.  I'll also run scans for anything unusual in the area.
It'll take time though," she quickly punched a sequence of keys, which
brought up a screen showing several maps.  One was of the solar system,
one was the nearby area, and one was of Japan.

"How long?"  Ryoko snapped.

"At least two hours."

"What if he doesn't have that long?"

"Then we'll have to hope that we find him early!"

"That's still not good enough!"

"Ryoko, please calm down.  Getting angry will not speed things up,"
Aeka said from behind her.

"So!  He could be in danger!"

"Yes, but yelling isn't going to help us find him any faster!"

"And we don't even know how long he's been gone, Ryoko.  Even if
someone were to have grabbed him, it's unlikely they'd go to all of the
effort necessary, just to turn around and kill him immediately," Washu
said in a calming tone.

"That's another reason to try and find him faster!  He may've been gone
for hours!"  Ryoko exclaimed, but her anger was noticeably ebbing.
There was silence for a moment, then finally she spoke up again, "Are
you sure there's no way you can search faster?"

"I'm sorry, but no.  If the Yagami was here, we could use its
equipment, but since Kiyone and Mihoshi got a call out in the fringe of
the system, they're too far away to be any help."

"Damn it," Ryoko muttered under her breath.  She started back towards
the door.  "Well, I'm taking Ryo-Ohki out to see if I can find
anything.  Maybe I'll be in the right place at the right time."

"We'll coordinate our searches, get in contact with me when you get out
of the atmosphere," Washu yelled after her.

"I'm coming with you," Aeka said, moving to follow Ryoko.

"Me, too," Sasami said.

Aeka stopped and looked at Sasami.  "I know you want to come along
Sasami, but it'd be better if you stayed here."

"But Aeka," she started to protest.

"No," Aeka asserted, "we don't know that it's not dangerous, so I want
you to stay here with Washu, okay?"

Sasami looked down for a minute, then replied, "All right."

"Thank you, Sasami.  We won't be gone for too long."  She said, then
turned around and left the lab.

***

Tenchi was slowly waking back up.  His vision was still blurred, but he
could see that he was in a rather small, blurry, room, with blurry
people in it.

"So he's waking up?" someone with a deep voice asked.

"Yes, he should be fully conscious within the hour," A lighter voice
replied.

"Good.  I've been waiting to meet the boy who defeated Lord Kagato,"
deep voice said.

Then everything started fading again.  "Hmmm... it appears it may be
longer than I thought," light voice said.  Then blackness swallowed him
once more.

***

Ryoko was waiting for Aeka when she came upstairs.  "Get ready, we're
leaving in a few minutes," Ryoko stated, a determined look on her face.

"All right," Aeka said

"I have one thing to do before we leave, meet me in back of the house,
then we'll go."  With that, she glided up to the next floor, and into
her room.  (Now, let's just hope Tenchi's not in danger.)

***

Tenchi was starting to wake up again, this time his vision was
clearing.  He could get a general sense of the room he was in. It was
small and mostly white, though there were a few strips of color running
along the tops of the walls.  He tried to move, but found that he was
strapped securely down onto what he assumed was a table.

"Ah, so you're awake again?" said the person with the light voice.
"Good, good."  He stepped closer to Tenchi, who could now make out what
he looked like.  The person was fairly tall, and had short, cyan hair,
which was red at the front, with trails of red running back through it.
 He was wearing a very light outfit of silver and gray, with a small
patch depicting three bleeding gems on the breast of the shirt.  He
carried himself with an air that made it obvious he was dangerous.  His
eyes attributed to the effect;  they were a deep yellow-orange, and his
pupils quickly narrowed down to slits as he looked at Tenchi.  "Well, I
was worried for a while there, seeing as I wasn't certain how much of
that tranquilizer your system could handle," He commented, almost to
himself.  He backed away, and began to walk out of the room.

"Wait, where am I?  What are you going to do with me?"  Tenchi asked.

"That, is not for you to know," the man said, turning around.  "That
is for the boss to tell you, if he decides to."  Quickly turning again,
the man walked through the door and out of the room.

(Oh, great, this is just great.  Where am I?  Why are they holding me?)

***

Ryoko came out of the house, now clad in her battle suit, with Ryo-Ohki
in hand.  "Are you ready, Princess?"

"As ready as I'll ever be," Aeka said.

"Let's go then," Ryoko said.

Ryo-Ohki jumped out of Ryoko's hands and straight up into the air. 
Quickly, she transformed into her space-ship form.  Ryoko reached over
and grabbed onto Aeka, then teleported them both onto Ryo-Ohki's
bridge. Quickly taking her seat, Ryoko started to direct Ryo-Ohki out
of the atmosphere, and into space.

Looking down from the ship, Aeka could see the ground and the house
quickly shrinking beneath them.  She could just make out the figure of
Yosho walking the path from the shrine to the house.  He looked up at
them and waved, then continued to walk, a little faster now.  She
watched until she couldn't see him anymore, and then went to stand by
Ryoko.  "Do you think Tenchi is in danger?" Aeka asked.

"I've got a feeling he is," Ryoko replied.

"Then let us hope we can reach him before anything happens."

"Yeah."

Ryo-Ohki let out a cry of agreement as they ascended through the
atmosphere.  When they reached open space, Ryoko opened a channel to
Washu. 

"Good, you're in place," Washu observed, "Scan the area you're in, then
move through these sectors."  Another screen came up with a globe of
the Earth on in.  It was divided into 22 sectors, 11 of which were
flashing.  "I'll handle the rest.  I'll also try to get a hold of Kiyone
and Mihoshi."

"All right, Washu.  We've got it," Ryoko said.

"Good luck."

"Good luck to you too," Aeka said.

With that, they began their search for Tenchi.

***

"So, the sleeper awakens, just as Kazunori said," came a deep voice
from near the door.  The voice belonged to a tall man wearing very
nicely made robes of a deep black, matching the color the Dark Knights
of Jurai had worn.  His long brown hair was impeccably groomed.  He
looked at Tenchi appraisingly.

"What do you want with me?!" Tenchi yelled.

"So you have fight in you, even now.  Good," he walked over to the
table Tenchi was restrained on.  "Seeing as I'm your host, I guess I
should introduce myself.  My name is Itsurou, and I was one of Kagato's
knights," he reached into his robe and produced an item that looked
distressingly like the Tenchi-ken. A blade of black so deep that it
seemed to radiate darkness emerged from it.  Itsurou brought the blade
close to Tenchi's skin, so close that Tenchi could feel the energy
crackling off of it. "Once his knight," Itsurou continued, "Now, I am
his avenger." 

***

Disclaimer, or something: I don't own these characters. Pioneer and AIC
do. Well, except for Itsurou and Kazunori. They're mine, mine, mine,
mine.  This story is a continuation of the Tenchi Universe time line,
and it takes place after the first Tenchi Movie, Tenchi Muyo In Love.
This has been a test of the Emergency Disclaimer System, were this a
real disclaimer emergency, nothing would have happened.

Author's note: This story came out of a few weird ideas.  I can't
pinpoint where it started though.  I'd like to say thanks to the
illustrious FallenDruid for pre-reading this. Please review.  I don't
mind C&C, praise, or flames, just as long as hear some C&C. Chapter 2
should be following this one shortly.
