The Legacy of Kain, chapter 2
by Aaron Bastin - kakapo101@hotmail.com
synopsis:  Suspicions are aroused - is Kevin more than he seems?

Ye Olde Disclaimer:  This stuff is owned by other people, except for the 
stuff that doesn't.  If you own the stuff I've used, please do not sue me.  
Firstly, if you do own any of it chances are you already have one hell of a 
lot more money than I do.  Secondly, I will have you slain.

The Legacy of Kain - Chapter Two (Conversations and Revelations)

Sasami


	"Good morning, Kevin!  Tea?"
	Kevin yawned voluminously, digging his fist into his eye as he stomped down 
the steps.  "Tea?  Oh.  Right.  Yes, that would be wonderful, thanks."
	Sasami frowned slightly as she brought him a cup.  "You don't like tea?"
	Kevin shook his head, yawning again.  "No, no, it's not that.  I love tea.  
I'm just used to coffee in the mornings, that's all."  He took a small sip.  
"I, uh, don't suppose you have any around, do you?" he asked, a small note 
of hope creeping its way into his voice.  Sasami laughed as she sat down 
across from him.
	"Nope.  Sorry."  She brightened.  "But I bet Washu could make some for 
you."
	"Oh?  She's got some stashed away somewhere?"
	"No, she...ah...yes, she might.  You can never tell what she has tucked 
away somewhere.  Um."
	Kevin smiled into his tea and let the matter drop.  They sat in silence for 
a few moments, Sasami studying Kevin intently.
	"Something on your mind?"
	Sasami cocked her head to one side.  "Why don't you like Ayeka and 
Katsuhito?"
	Kevin sighed and set down his tea.  "You're too young to be so wise," he 
muttered.  Sasami just smiled.  Kevin pursed his lips and thought for a long 
moment.
	"It's not that I don't like them, Sasami.  I do, a lot.  They've been very 
kind to me.  But they...remind me of some people I once knew.  That makes me 
a little nervous."  He sighed.  "And...Sasami?  Have you ever had a secret?"
	"Uh-huh."
	"I mean...a secret that you were afraid to tell?"  Kevin seemed to be 
struggling to find the right words.  "A secret that...if people knew, they 
might not like you any more?"
	Sasami thought about this.  "Yes, once.  I was afraid that Ayeka and Tenchi 
wouldn't love me any more."  She looked up and smiled.  "But once I told 
them, everything was fine and they loved me as much as ever!  Maybe you 
should just tell them.  They're really forgiving."
	Kevin stared into his tea.  "I don't know, Sasami.  There are some things 
that can't be forgiven.  Not ever."  He took a deep breath.  "But 
maybe...maybe you're right.  I can't keep this secret forever...it wouldn't 
be fair to everyone here.  You're my friends."
	He looked up at Sasami, smiled, and ruffled her hair fondly.
	"Thanks, kiddo.  You've given me a lot to think about."  He looked around.  
"Has Tenchi already left?"
	Sasami nodded.  "Yes.  He forgot his lunch, too.  Would you take it to 
him?" she said, handing him a wicker basket.
	"No sweat.  See you at dinner."
	"Bye!"
	She was silent for a few moments after he left.
	<he is very sad, tsunami,>, she said into the silence.
	<He has cause, dear one.>
	<why?>
	<He will tell you.  Sooner than you think.>


Tenchi


	"Hey, Kevin!  KEVIN!"
	Kevin blinked and looked up from his work.  Tenchi stood a few feet away, 
waving a basket and smiling.
	"Break time!"
	Kevin plucked one last carrot from the ground and sighed, stretching, 
before ambling over to the rock that Tenchi sat upon, their lunch spread out 
on a blanket.
	"Thanks," he said, catching the flask of water Tenchi tossed at him.  "Nice 
to take a break."  He took a long pull.  Tenchi snorted.
	"Give it a rest, Kev," he said, the western nickname coming out a little 
awkwardly.  "You're barely even winded.  Don't you ever get tired?"  Kevin 
laughed, fishing a cigarette from the pack that lay in the basket Sasami had 
prepared for them.
	"Oh, from time to time.  I find it just goes away if I ignore it," he said, 
deadpan, lighting the smoke.  Tenchi cocked his head quizzically.  It was 
hard to tell sometimes when Kevin was joking.  Kevin grinned.
	"Why do you do that to yourself, anyway?" asked Tenchi.  Kevin arched an 
eyebrow.
	"Why do I...oh!  The smokes," he replied, looking down at the cigarette.  
He pursed his lips.
	"Well...I come from a family that has...um...issues with addictions," he 
said, after some thought.  "I'm not using that as an excuse, mind.  The 
thing is, though, that I'm aware of it.  I know it's a problem.  So I watch 
myself, very, very carefully.  And I allow myself an outlet for those 
tendencies that cause me a lot less harm than some I might get into."
	"The cigarettes?"
	Kevin nodded.  "Yeah, the cigarettes...and boozing it up every now and 
again.  Only once every few weeks, and even then I set a strict limit for 
myself.  It's a safety valve, of sorts."
	Tenchi shook his head, frowning.  "I don't know..."
	Kevin stood, a little abruptly.  "Yeah, well, it seems to work okay.  My 
mother and grandfather both lost their lives to their addictions, and my 
siblings are on the road straight to hell, while I'm still here and 
functioning.  So there you go."
	Tenchi's jaw dropped.  "Kevin, I-I'm sorry, I didn't mean..."
	Kevin closed his eyes for a moment, and when they reopened, they held his 
usual smile - albeit a strained one.
	"Hey, don't worry about it.  No way you could know.  I'm...gonna get back 
to work."
	Tenchi watched Kevin as he made his way back to the carrot field.
	Moron, he thought to himself, as he packed away the lunch - most of it 
uneaten - and started out to where he'd left off.  The poor guy.  I know how 
he feels.  Tenchi frowned as he went back to work.
	Something strange, though, he thought idly.  That look that crossed his 
face...it was a little angry, but only a little.  Sad too, but...I thought I 
saw...
	...fear?
	Tenchi shook his head, putting such thoughts from his mind, and went back 
to the carrots.


Katsuhito


	"Kevin."
	Kevin jumped.  Tenchi, walking beside him, was used to this sort of thing 
and just turned to face his grandfather as he melted out of the forest.
	"Er.  Hello."
	"I thought that perhaps you would like to learn some of what I have been 
teaching Tenchi. The way you move bespeaks some training in the martial 
arts...perhaps you could teach my grandson something, as I have failed to do 
thus far."  His hawklike eyes, odd in a face so old and calm, came to rest 
on Tenchi, who rolled his eyes and groaned.
	Kevin started to protest, then saw the look on Katsuhito's face, which 
said, undeniably, ‘you ain't getting out of this one, son'.  He changed his 
tactics.
	"All right.  But...I am somewhat ashamed of my lack of skill, being a mere 
beginner.  I'd prefer no one else was around."
	Katsuhito arched an eyebrow.  "You don't say?  Very well, then."
	With that, he turned to lead Kevin towards the shrine.

	Kevin lifted his bokken and eyed his opponent warily.
	"So," he said, easily running through some warm-ups and practicing the 
seven modes of defense with sharp precision, "Why so eager to spar with me?"
	Katsuhito smiled and fell into a ready stance.  He lashed out suddenly, 
once, twice, three times, each thrust blocked effortlessly.  Not bad, he 
thought, and shifted to a more defensive posture.
	"I was...curious, shall we say."  He grunted as Kevin went on the 
offensive, slashing at his midsection and following up with a sweep, forcing 
him to leap back.  Not bad indeed...the boy is evenly matched with Tenchi, 
perhaps better, Katsuhito thought.  "I had noticed that you have some 
remarkable talents...your habit of saying the exact right thing at the exact 
right time, and-" he cut off abrubtly as Kevin unleashed a flurry of 
strikes, forcing all his concentration into parrying.  Kevin, finding his 
defenses impenetrable, eased back and waited.  Katsuhito suddenly laughed.  
"Your lack of skill, hmm?  Few could do better."  He suddenly twisted in a 
manner that seemed to defy physics, snaking around Kevin's sword to kick at 
his stomach.  Kevin took the blow, doubling over, and Katsuhito took the 
opportunity to knock the bokken from his hand, then hooked his foot behind 
Kevin's, sending him sprawling.  "Not even at the Jurian Royal Court," he 
finished, leaning down.  Kevin looked up, real fear in his eyes.  "I'm 
curious as to who you really are.  Not many on this world are adept at 
Jurian combat styles."
	Kevin sighed.
	"I apologize for the deception."  He fumbled in his pockets, pulled out a 
cigarette.  "I realize I have much to explain.  I am not Jurian, not really, 
but..." he sighed again.  "Katsuhito?"
	"Mmm?"
	"This is a very long story, and one that is painful for me.  It should wait 
until I can come clean to everyone.  Ayeka in particular should hear this.  
Will you give me a day to prepare myself?"
	"And then?"
	Kevin slowly got up, warily eyeing the old man's bokken, still held at 
ready.  He forced himself to relax and look in Katsuhito's eyes which were, 
as usual, impassive.
	"And then I'll tell the tale, all of it.  And if you want me to leave, so 
be it.  All right?"
	Katsuhito simply stared at him for a long moment, then nodded and walked 
into the shrine without a word or second glance.  Kevin sighed, dusted 
himself off, and headed into the woods, muttering.


AUTHOR'S COMMENTS:  The thot plickens...send C+C to kakapo101@hotmail.com...
