Disclaimer:  This stuff is owned by other people, except for the stuff that 
isn't.  If you own the stuff I've used, please do not sue me.  Chances are 
you already have one hell of a lot more money than I do.

The Legacy of Kain - Chapter 12 (Shooting Star)

	"Kev, lad, ye look as if yer havin' a crisis of faith."
	Kevin blinked.  His head jerked up, looking around the cramped space of the 
bar.  The Upstart Crow was not a large establishment, a small pub tucked 
away in a side street off Queen West, and deserted at this hour on a Monday 
night.  His bloodshot, sunken eyes eventually settled on the bartender.
	"Crisis of faith?  Me?" Kevin said, attempting a rakish smile.  It looked 
ghastly.  "I got oodles of faith, Angus.  For examle, I beleive I'll have 
another drink."
	Angus sighed, crossing his arms over his great barrel of a chest.  He was a 
tall man, with a craggy, bulldog like face that looked feirce as hell until 
it split in one of his frequent grins.  He was also, according to Kevin, the 
most Scottish man in the world.
	"Kev, I don't think-"
	"I'll have.  Another.  Drink." said Kevin, steel in his tone.  Angus 
sighed, poured out another glass of rye, and set it in front of Kevin.  He 
then walked over to the door, locked it, and flipped the sign from OPEN to 
CLOSED - PLEASE COME AGAIN.  He returned to the bar and leaned towards 
Kevin.
	"Kev, man, when you going to talk about it?"
	"I'm not," slurred Kevin.
	Angus' brows furrowed.  "Kevin.  How long we known each other now, lad?"
	"Mmm.  'Bout thirty years now, give or take."
	"Aye, that's right.  In all that time ye've always kept to yerself.  Even 
when I finally noticed ye've not grown a day older since then, ye only told 
me the slightest bit o' the truth - not where yer from nor why yer here.  
An' I've accepted that.  It's yer way."  He lay a huge, gentle hand on 
Kevin's shoulder.  "But, lad, I've come to care for ye like a brother.  It 
pains me to see yer sufferin' like this."
	Kevin looked at him for a long moment.  The earnestness on Angus' face 
sobered him somewhat.  He sighed and pushed the glass away from him.
	"All right, Angus."
	"Good."  Angus reached under the bar and produced a bottle of beer, which 
he opened and took a pull from before walking around to sit next to Kevin.
	"So.  Who is she?"
	Kevin's eyes narrowed.  "I don't follow you."
	"Ye don't?  Let me see now.  Ye came to town near a month ago.  Since then 
ye've been here nearly every night, starin' into yer drink with that same 
maudlin look on yer face till the wee hours.  Except every now and again, 
when ye hear a woman's voice - low voices in particular - ye whip around in 
yer seat, yer face lightin' up like a bleedin' Christmas tree.  Ye look 
around, and then ye go back to your drink, lookin' for all the world like a 
kicked pup.  Don't be giving me the runaround, lad."
	Kevin looked bewildered.  "How in the hell did you get so perceptive, old 
man?"
	Angus laughed and thumped his chest.  "I've been a barkeep for twelve years 
and a father for twenty.  Ye learn."
	Kevin laughed out loud.  "Okay, all right, I give."  He sighed.  "Her name 
is Ryoko."
	Angus arched an eyebrow.  "Odd name.  Foreign girl?"
	"Mmm.  You could say that.  Not sure exactly where she was born, but she 
lives in Japan."
	Angus grunted and sipped his beer.  "So...what happened?"
	"Same old," Kevin said, shrugging.  "Family hated me, forbade us to see 
each other again. Hell, it wouldn't have worked anyway.  She was kinda hung 
up on another guy."
	"Ye don't beleive that," Angus said.  It was a statement, not a question.
	Kevin sighed.  "No," he muttered.  "No, I guess I don't.  Maybe it could 
have worked, but...well, they didn't give me much of a choice.  Dammit!" he 
snarled suddenly, thumping the bar with his fist.  It left a small dent.  
Angus graciously pretended not to notice.  "It's been a month!  Why aren't I 
over this yet?"
	Angus smiled.  "First time for ye, ain't it, lad."
	"Yeah.  So?"
	"I'll tell ye a true thing, Kev.  Some girls, they take a lot longer to get 
over than others.  Hell of a lot longer than a month and change, anyway.  
Some girls...some girls ye never get over.  Not really."
	"Why thanks, Angus," muttered Kevin.  "I feel ever so much better now."
	Angus laughed.  He turned around, leaning his elbows on the bar as he 
looked out into the street.
	He blinked.
	He turned back to Kevin, a twinkle in his eye.  "Let me tell ye somethin', 
lad.  I've lived a long, full life, an' I've been blessed enough to love a 
few times, and to have married the finest girl in Scotland."
	Kevin smiled.  "How is Paula, anyway?"
	"Fine, thankee.  Dinna change the subject."
	"Okay, okay..."
	"When it's right," said Angus, leaning close to Kevin, "Really right, ye 
can feel it right down in yer guts.  And then, well, there's no force on 
God's green Earth that can keep the two of ye seperate."
	"Earth ain't the problem," murmured Kevin quietly.  Angus, not hearing him, 
went on.
	"All will be well, lad, ye'll see.  She'll come for ye."  He turned back to 
the window, grinning.  "Tell you the truth, I'm anxious to meet this lass 
one day."
	"Think you're getting ahead of yourself a bit there, Angus."
	"Ye think?" Angus said.  "I'll tell ye, if she can capture the heart of a 
cold fish like yerself, sure she'd be somethin' special."
	Kevin opened his mouth to retort, then closed it.  "She is, at that."  He 
reached for his glass.
	"Why, I can near see her now," Angus said, gesturing broadly.  "She'd be 
beautful, heart-stopping.  Fine features, somethin' almost catlike about 
her.  Now, for ye she'd have to be somethin' of a rebel...probably have some 
kinda weird dye job, cyan or somethin'."  He looked over at Kevin, who was 
staring at him, his glass frozen halfway to his lips.  His grin broadened.
	"Sorry, Kev, couldn't help meself.  She's standing outside."
	Kevin, a man in a daze, slowly turned around.  There, standing outside the 
window, one hand resting on the glass, was Ryoko.  Staring at him.
	The glass dropped from his nerveless fingers, shattering on the floor.  
Kevin blinked, shaking himself.
	"I...uh...jeez, Angus, I'm sorry, I'll pay for that..." Kevin said, never 
taking his eyes from the window.
	Angus snorted.  "Kevin.  Shut the hell up and get out there.  Ye can settle 
with me tomorrow."
	Kevin nodded.  He got to his feet and walked away without saying another 
word.
	Angus smiled down at his beer.  "Ah...not a bad day's work, if I do say so 
meself."
	Kevin opened the door, walked outside.  Ryoko looked as if she was about to 
say something, when Kevin reached out and pulled her into his arms, burying 
his head in her shoulder. Ryoko tenderly held him, lifting a hand to stroke 
his hair.

	Washu yawned voluminously.  Damn, she thought.  Two days worth of searching 
and I still can't pinpoint Mihoshi's ship.  I must be getting old.
	She chuckled at the thought and waved her hand, dispelling the holotop back 
to subspace. What I need, she thought to herself, is some tea.
	She stood, stretching, and walked to the door.
	The instant she had walked through she knew, somehow, that something was 
wrong.  Very wrong.
	"Sasami?" she called, walking cautiously towards the kitchen.  Once she 
stood in the doorway she stopped dead in her tracks.  It had been thoroughly 
wrecked.  The window had been shattered, the cupboards ransacked.  Most of 
the dishes were smashed on the floor.
	"What the hell-?"  Washu summoned her holotop and tapped a few keys.  A 
display popped up.

	EXTERIOR SENSORS - ACTIVE
	INTERIOR SENSORS - ACTIVE
	ALL SYSTEMS OPERATIONAL

	"This can't be right," she muttered.  She heard a weak groan from behind 
her.  Turning, she walked into the living room.  It seemed more or less 
intact, apart from the smashed TV and the prone figure lying on the floor.  
She ran to his side and knelt, checking for injury.
	"N-Nobuyuki?"
	He coughed and looked up at her.  His eyes suddenly went wide.
	"Boo," said a voice behind Washu.
	Something slammed into the base of her skull, causing little sparks to 
dance before her eyes as she lost consciousness.  As she fell to the floor, 
she summoned the last of her strength, putting it all into one thought that 
she sent out, across an entire world, praying it would be heard.
	<Ryoko!>

	The lights of Toronto winked in the deepening night.  While the city does 
not actually sleep per se, there comes a time early in the morning after the 
bars have all closed when the only people still up and about are depressed, 
or involved in illegal activiies, or both.  A certain peace can be felt.
	Kevin looked down on the city scape from his vantage point, a long, long 
way up.  He was perched on the edge of the CN Tower, shivering slightly in 
the cold wind.  He resisted the momentary urge to spit off the side.
	He snuck a glance at Ryoko.  She sat beside him, looking off towards the 
horizon with a faraway expression on her face.  After a time he smiled.
	"I missed you," he said simply.  Ryoko glanced at him, surprised, then 
smiled back.
	"I missed you too," she murmured.  Kevin shook his head.
	"Ryoko...how...why did you find me?  Last I heard, Ayeka was calling for my 
head on a platter, and Tenchi was only slightly less furious.  I hadn't 
thought I'd ever see you again."
	Ryoko grinned ruefully.  "Yeah, well...people change, y'know?  I did a lot 
of thinking, and...I decided that I was going to find you, even if it meant 
not being able to go back to the household.  Ayeka's got her faults - she's 
got a LOT of faults - but you can't say she doesn't care about keeping the 
family together.  And Tenchi, well..." she sighed.  "He's the last of the 
genuine Nice Guys, that one.  He felt badly for having made a snap judgement 
about you...I talked him into giving you a second chance."
	Kevin nodded absently.  "I see."  He turned to look in her eyes.  "And why 
did you come looking for me?"
	Ryoko opened her mouth, closed it.  She reached out and took Kevin's hand 
in her own.  "Kevin...I..." she shook her head.  She leaned closer, biting 
her lip, one edge of a fang peeking out.  Kevin's breath caught in his 
throat.  Her lips came closer, closer to his own...
	Ryoko suddenly rocked backwards, clutchihng her head and hissing on an 
indrawn breath.
	<Ryoko!>
	Kevin's head snapped up.  "W...Washu?"
	Ryoko blinked at him.  "You heard that?  How...?"
	Kevin shook his head, standing.  "I'll explain later.  You'd better get us 
back home.  Sounds like there's trouble.  Dammit."
	Ryoko got to her feet.  "A two person teleport isn't the most comfortable 
experience in the world, y'know."
	"I'm tough.  I can take it."  Kevin took her hand.  "And when all this is 
over, you and I have unfinished business to talk over.  Deal?" he leaned 
down then and kissed her, gently, on the lips.  Ryoko, her eyes shining, 
looked up at him.
	"Deal," she said.  There was a soft -whumm-, and they vanished.

AUTHOR'S NOTE:  It's all about WAFF.  Send C+C to kakapo101@hotmail.com in 
triplicate, signed, sent back, buried in soft peat for three months and 
recycled as firelighters.