A storyline following the T.V.series and the first movie.  This first part deals 
with the resurrection of an old foe and Tenchi's decision. 

Disclaimer:  Everything here, except for a few original characters later on in the 
series belong to AIC and Pioneer LDC.  I've been gone for a long time and have 
blown all my money on booze so please don't sue me.  I'm just weak! 

Author's Note:  This is only the beginning of a fairly long series (I like to make 
things epic), so don't throw it down yet.  It won't seem too original 
in the beginning but will gain more and more of its own flavor as you go through. 
This first one though was more to get the feel of the characters and to see how 
closely I could come to capturing the feeling we have whenever we 
watch Tenchi Muyo!  To help I wrote it partially to music from the Tenchi 
Universe and Tenchi the Movie.  This might also add to the experience 
 for you, if you can picture the music  in the same way.  Shows you what a guy 
can do when he's forced to lay off the sauce for a few days.  Hope you enjoy 
and be careful.  Its a long one. 
- Masamichi Fujisawa 

Tenchi Muyo! Legend- Prologue "The Decision" 

    It was a day that began like any other.  Tenchi awoke that morning with a sense 
vigor he hadn't felt in a long time.  It was as though his body was subconsciously 
speaking to him.  Telling him that this day would begin a series of events that 
would change his life forever. 

    After dressing he walked downstairs and wasn't surprised to see Ryoko snoring 
loudly on the couch where she had passed out an sake the night before.  As usual 
a great mess was left on the coffee table where bottles of sake had tipped over. 
But for some reason he didn't feel like scolding her this morning.  Instead he 
merely smiled at her warmly before slipping silenlty past her and into the kitchen. 

    As he stepped in he noticed a small breakfast lying out already, compliments of 
Sasami, and he sat down and began to eat.  He began to wonder just how long had 
it been since all the girls had come to live with him.  A couple years ago he was 
just an ordinary guy heading off to school when Ryoko and Mihoshi had first 
crashed down to Earth.  He remembered how bizarre it had seemed then, when two 
women from outer space had just showed up on the doorstep.  But now... Now he 
couldn't imagine life without any of them. 

    *Indeed, a never ending carnival*, he thought smiling warmly as he recalled the 
words Ryoko had spoken to him nearly two years ago. 

    Interrupting his reflections of the past, though, he groaned as he remembered 
that Grandpa wanted him out at  the shrine in a matter of minutes.  Stuffing his 
breakfast down he quickly stepped outside and headed out to the front walkway. 
As he walked out he wasn't surprised to see Sasami playing outside as she 
usually woke pretty early in the morning. 

    She was chasing after Ryo-Ohki laughing as little girls do when she stopped 
and greeted him.,"Oh good morning,Tenchi!" 

    Ryo-Ohki gave her own curt little "meow" in greeting. 

    "Hello Sasami.", Tenchi replied.,"How're you today?" 

    "Great!",Sasami answered with her girlish smile,"Whe're you headed off to 
this morning?" 

    "Off to practice with grandpa.", Tenchi muttered with obvious unhappiness., 
"I should be back around lunch time." 

    "Okay Tenchi, I'll see you later!", Sasami waved as Tenchi broke into a sprint 
for the shrine.  Ryo-Ohki meowed in parting as well before the pair went back to 
their chase. 

    As Tenchi approached the shrine he found his grandfather, Lord Katsuhito 
Masaki, waiting for him.  He was holding two wooden swords and offered one 
tpTenchi after he had caught his breath after the run. 

    "I see you actually remembered today's lesson, Tenchi.", he greeted with his 
typical humor. 

    Tenchi smiled sheepishly as he scratched the back of his head embarassed. 

    Katsuhito simply waved to an open area as he ordered,"We'll begin with a 
round of the usual routines." 

    "Right.", Tenchi agreed. 

    Tenchi then swung into a dazzling display of powerful sword techniques.  The 
irony, he remembered, was that these routines he'd been practicing since he was 
born were really the sword techniques of the royal family of Jurai. 

    As Tenchi finished with a beautifully executed spiral technique he turned to 
regard katsuhito with a superior smile.  But Katsuhito appeared distracted by 
something unseeable and Tenchi's expression of superiority quickly changed to 
one of worry. 

    "What's wrong, grandpa?", Tenchi asked pulling Katsuhito from his trance. 

    "Hmm? What's that?", he turned to face Tenchi as the tension faded from his 
face.,"Why'd you stop?" 

    "I finished.", Tenchi explained not letting Katsuhito change the subject.  He 
repeated,"Is there anything wrong?" 

    "Oh nothing.", Katsuhito repied ending the discussion.,"Please repeat the 
routine." 

    Tenchi groaned miserably as he headed back and began the routines again. 
He decided that he'd have to worry about Katsuhito's little lapse a little later. 
  
                             *        *       * 
  
    Washu yawned loudly as she stared at the translucent computer screen 
hovering in front of her.  Just how long had she stayed up lst night?  She tiredly 
checked the computer's built-in clock and was surprised to see that the night's 
long hours had ticked away into late morning. 

    "Wow!", she shouted.,"I must've been really working hard last night!" 

    Even as she spoke two tiny Washu puppets labeled A and B popped up on 
her shoulders and in unison piped out a hearty "Good Morning Washu!" 

    "Spare me guys, I need some food or something to get me going again.", 
Washu responded groggily.,"This genius is completely exhausted." 

    "Yep, you're a genius Washu!", puppet A cheered. 
    "And a genius needs her rest!", puppet B finished. 

    Washu began laughing maniacally seeming to gain strength from the 
puppets cheers.  But her laughter abruptly broke off as she noticed a small 
red light blinking subtly at the bottom of the computer screen.  She reached 
over and keyed in on the signal and watched as the screen shifted to show 
a sector of space.  Zooming it she saw a rapidly moving object blazing a 
towards an unknown destination  with two words printed across the top. 

    "What?!", Washu shouted in confusion at the computer., "Anomaly 
detected?!" 

    "Where's it headed?", she asked out aloud as she keyed in the question. 
As she recieved the answer she leaned back in her hovering chair in 
confusion. She finally mouthed,"Jurai?" 

                         *             *             * 

    Meanwhile in the living room Ryoko and Aeka sat on the couch gnawing 
on crackers while watching T.V.  Their attention being firmly focused on the 
soap opera they were watching. 

    "I got it for you.", a man in the soap opera said to the woman standing in 
front of him.,"It's the finest, right off the black market." 

    "Oh really...", the woman began timidly. 

    "But in return", the man continued.,"You know what I want." 

    "No I can't!  I...", the woman stuttered as she was drawn closer to the man. 

    Ryoko sat  up grinning intentlyand Aeka leaned a little forward in her seat. 
Then, suddenly, the storage room door flew open and Washu burst into the 
room breathing heavily.  She flicked off the T.V. screen and began typing 
something out on her translucent computer.  Suddenly a large bag seemed to 
appear out of nowhere and several thick cables shot out attaching to the 
back of the T.V. 

    "Hey, what's the big idea, Washu?!",Ryoko shouted out. 

    "Yeah it was just getting to the best part!",  Aeka agreed. 

    "This is a little bit more important than your soap opera!", Washu shouted 
back. 

    As Washu continued to set up her equipment, Sasami marched in with 
Kiyone and Mihoshi trailing behind her. 

    "Hey everybody, look!", Sasami shouted happily as she entered.,"Kiyone 
and Mihoshi have dropped by for lunch and...", she broke off at the sight of 
all the pulsing and throbbing cables attached to the back of the T.V. 

    "Hey what's going on here?!", Kiyone shouted demanding for some 
attention. 

    "Look!", Washu said pointing at the T.V. screen as it abruptly flicked back 
on.  But, instead of the soap opera it depicted a large section of space.  As 
Washu tapped a key and it zoomed in on a small part of the sector now 
showingthe unmistakable elongated hull of a Juraian battleship. 

    "Why its a Juraian ship.", Aeka muttered curiously. 

    "Oh great.", Ryoko remarked virtually dripping with sarcasm.,"Now 
what's the point to all this?" 

    "I told you to watch!", Washu shouted back angrily. 

    The ship was drifting peacefully when they saw the weapon ports 
open up and begin firing on an unseen target.  Suddenly, an enormous 
wave of energy engulfed the ship rocking it to the core within its 
depths.  Then, as abruptly as it began the ship shattered like leaves 
blowing away in the wind.  The groups eyes widened and the sudden 
intake of breath signaled Washu to continue. 

    "And that's not all!", Washu stated as she tapped another key. 

    The view now shifted to view of nearly a dozen Jurai ships lined up 
in a semi-circle.  Their weapons ports were all opening and they all 
began firing on an unseen enemy.  Then, at the edge of the screen, a 
small long beam of energy shot in nimbly avoiding all the laser fire. 
Suddenly, it changed direction and slammed right through the first 
ship in a storm of fiery debris and proceeded, unslowed, to the 
second ship.  They watched in horror as one by one another Jurai 
ship fell prey to the streak of energy. 

    "What in hell is that?", Ryoko shouted being the first to find the 
nerve to speak. 

    In response Washu zoomed in on the head of the streak of energy. 
The screen shifted now showing a nightmare returned with 
seemingly more energy than ever.  An all too familiar twisted white 
face lined with darkest blackness behind it grinned wickedly on the 
screen.  It's three horrible black eyes magnifying the darkness of 
its soul.  It's expression became even more twisted as its terrible, evil 
laughter spewed out from its rarely moving mouth. 

    "Oh no!", Aeka cried out. 
  
    "It can't be!", Kiyone muttered aloud. 

    "But he's dead!", Ryoko shouted trying to deny the truth now 
shown before her. 

    "I don't know how, but it is.", Washu stated seriously drawing the 
attention of the whole room.,"Kain." 

    After a brief silence Kiyone began to ask,"But unless he's 
changed some old habits..." 

    "No!". Aeka muttered in horror as she cupped her hand over her 
mouth. 

    Ryoko leaped off the couch and phased out through the wall as 
she shouted, "Tenchi!" 

    "Lord Tenchi!", Aeka shouted getting on her feet and heading for 
the door. 

    Ryoko flew out to the walkway and past the two Juraian guardians 
Azaka and Kamidake.  Speeding right past them she headed along 
the path towards the shrine looking for any sign of Tenchi.  When 
she finally found him on his way down from the steps to the shrine 
, she cried out his name and threw herself around him clutching to 
his waist, sobbling all the while. 

    Tenchi bent down and placed his hands on her shoulders in an 
effort to comfort her.,"Ryoko, what's wrong?" 

    "Tenchi.", A voice said drawing his immediate attention away 
from Ryoko.  Standing in the shade of some nearby trees was Washu 
bearing a grim look on her face. 
    "Huh?", Tenchi  responded.," What is it Washu?" 
  
                    *               *              * 

     Tenchi fell back with a stunned expression splayed all over his face. 
A deep silence fell over the whole group as the deep, dark reality 
began to consume them.  Finally, when Tenchi felt he was able to 
speak again he asked.,"Do you think he'll strike at mother again?" 

    "No", Kiyone answered.,"We now know that was his mistake last 
time." 

    "Huh?", Tenchi asked quite confused."What do you mean?" 

    "Well, you have to remember that we only beat him before with 
the help of Achika.", Kiyone explained.,"Without her we won't have 
anywhere near the strength we had to fight him with last time." 

    "You also have to take into consideration that Jurai is weaker in 
this timeline.", Washu added., "They people capable of wielding the 
energy needed to make him weak is an old worn-out Yosho and 
Tenchi who has only begun to learn of his abilities and won't know 
how to use them to that extent." 

    "So you're saying that this monster is getting even stronger?!", 
Aeka put in angrily.,"Not even the dimensional cannon could take 
him out that first time." 

    Another long silence ensued. 

    "That's it then.", Kiyone stated grimly, ending the silence.,"The 
dimensional cannon is the most powerful weapon in the universe 
and if that can't stop hom then what can?" 

    Silence fell once more and Tenchi stared weakly at his feet 
desparately hoping to think up any plan that could end this 
nightmare.  It was then, looking down at himself that he first notced 
the sword.  The magical sword that could transform Jurai's energy 
into a blade.  Slowly, a plan, a meager one, but a plan nonetheless 
began to form in his mind. 

    "There is one other thing that could stop him.", Tenchi spoke 
weakly penetrating the silence and draing the attention of the whole 
group towards him.  He slowly rose to his feet now clutching the 
sword in his hand. 

    "The Jurai power.", he explained, his voice growing stronger as 
confidence became greater.,"The Jurai power is supposed to be the 
strongest force in the universe, even stronger then the dimensional 
cannon, right Aeka?" 

    Suddenly realizing she'd been asked something she turned to look 
at Tenchi and answered confidently,"Right." 

    "And since it's presence makes Kain weaker...",Tenchi continued., 
"Then maybe it can be used to hurt him as well." 

    "We've already thought of that.", Washu stated.,"And it's quite 
possible but neither you nor Yosho can actually generate the energy 
required." 

    "True.", Tenchi agreed., "But the power of the people of Jurai 
combined with my own could possibly be strong enough to finish 
him." 

    "Still highly unlikely.", Kiyone replied grimly."You saw how easily 
he tore through those ships." 

    Tenchi looked down at the sword and clutched it all the tighter as 
though to summon the nerve to speak his next words.,"That's why 
someone will have to come against him face-to-face and take the 
focus of his attention while all the others ready a strike." 

    "Tenchi, you don't mean...", Aeka spoke up in a shocked tone. 

    "I'm afraid I have no choice, Miss Aeka.", Tenchi answered his 
visage turning to one of sadness.,"No one else has a chance at 
holding him off for as long as I can." 

    As Tenchi spoke Ryoko watched sadly, and slowly moved away 
from the conference unnoticed.  When she made it into the shadow 
she teleported away from the room. 

    "Well, what do you think Washu?", Kiyone turned after Tenchi 
finished speaking. 

    "Sounds like our only shot.", Washu answered., "If we head out 
fairly early tomorrow we should be able to make reach Jurai before 
that monster does.  Of course that's assuming he maintains his 
current speed." 

    "Right then, its settled.", Kiyone finished.,"Tomorrow I'll bring 
Yagami in  and we'll head out for Jurai.  Right now, we're going to 
have to figure out what how we'll go about uniting Jurai against him 
when we do get there." 

                  *                *               * 

    By the time the planning was finished it had grown dark outside 
as the day began to come to a close.  Ryoko sat in thought out on a 
tree rooted into a small spring.  She sat there with her arms around 
her knees holding them to her shest.  A single tear fell from her eye 
causing several ripples to shoot out in all directions across the 
spring. 

    "Oh, so here's where you've been hiding." 

    Ryoko turned to see Tenchi striding across the stone steps leading 
towards the tree.  He walked up and sat down next to her. 

    "We were worried about you.",Tenchi said calmly. 

    Ryoko's eyes watered and she turned away.,"Don't.", she stated 
cunfusing Tenchi. 

    "Don't what Ryoko?", he asked concerned. 

    "Don't pretend that nothings changing tomorrow.", Ryoko answered., 
"Don't, because it will." 

    "Hey, don't worry.", Tenchi assured placing his arm around her.. 
"Everything will be alright, you'll see." 

    She could hold it in no longer. 

    "No it won't!", Ryoko shouted back catchin Tenchi off guard.,"This 
isn't just one of the many problems we face that we all know everything 
will come out alright!  Tenchi, Kain'll kill you!" 

    "I know.", Tenchi replied softly staring into the crystal depths of the 
spring below them.,"But what else can I do? 

    "Run, Tenchi!", Ryoko burst back at him.,"We can run away and he'll 
never be able to hurt you!" 

    "You know I can't do that, Ryoko.", Tenchi argued.,"If I don't go 
billions of  Juraians could die.  Besides...", Tenchi's voice grew soft again., 
"He wants an end to Jurai which means sooner or later I'll have to face him 
anyway." 

    Ryoko grabbed around his neck and held tightly as the tears she had 
been suppressing began to rush down her cheeks.,"But I can't bear the 
thought of losing you, Tenchi!  Please don't go!  I don't know what I'd do 
if you never came back.!" 

    "Ryoko I...",Tenchi began though he wasn't quite sure how to respond 
to Ryoko's sudden outburst. 

    "Please Tenchi!",She half-whispered into his ear.,"I love you." 

    He moved her back off his shoulder in surprise.  She had always made 
her feelings towards him pretty clear.  But never before had she ever 
spoken them so openly before.  For the first time when he looked at her 
all the masks seemed to come off and he saw her, truly, for who she 
really was.  No longer was she the wicked space pirate, the terrible 
monster that tore up his house every time she got angry.  Now she was 
merely a woman with all the thoughts and emotions that comes with 
being one.  Her beautiful cyan hair flowed gently in the night's breeze 
and those sad, longing yellow eyes bored deeply into his own.  He tried 
to speak, to say anything that would bring her comfort.  But, without 
really knowing what was happening until it was too late, he pressed his 
lips to hers in a long passionate kiss. 

    It seemed to last forever.  A moment frozen in time and space as all 
other surroundings seemed to melt away.  All other thoughts and 
worries, hopes and dreams, all of them fell away and reformed into one 
shared feeling.  But as abruptly as it began, Ryoko broke away staring 
off to the side. 

    "Tenchi I...",Ryoko began as tears started to well up in her eyes once 
more. 

    "Shhh.  don't speak.", he cut in calmly .  Again he kissed her with 
even greater passion then before.  Their defenses worn away they fell 
back together into the darkness. 

    Meanwhile Aeka had watched the whole scene finding herself unable 
to intervene.  She had stopped Ryoko before but this time was different. 
She wasn't forcing him and Aeka knew that this time Tenchi had chosen. 
She stayed until she could bare it no longer before she ran back to the 
house with a broken heart. 

                    *              *              * 

    Tenchi awoke in his bed the next morning, though this time he was 
not alone.  Ryoko's warm body was pressed up next to his, sound asleep. 
He looked down at her and couldn't help but smile.  Here she looked so 
peaceful and innocent, despite her usual sneaky and mischievous ways. 
She looked so happy there, that he began to realize how much he had 
come to love her.  His smile then shifted to a frown as he realized that 
their true first day together would probably be their last.  Washu did 
say that they could possiblydestroy Kain before he hurt Tenchi too 
badly, but he knew the truth.  When he goes to face off against Kain 
he probably won't come back. 

    Tenchi looked down at Ryoko again.  He decided it was best if he 
didn't awaken her and it would be better for her if he was there when she 
woke up.  He returned her warm embrace letting her know that he was 
there.  Even if it was only for a day, he was there. 

                 *                *               * 

    After a quick breakfast Tenchi headed outside.  The Galaxy Police ship, 
Yagami, had already landed and was now having supplies loaded on board. 
Kiyone and Washu were over-seeing final preparation before lift while 
Mihoshi was walking about handling most of the grunt work.  Sasami and 
Ryoko were standing side-by-side staring up at the hull of the ship. 
Somewhat further away Aeka was standing alone and looking quite forlorn. 
Tenchi considered which of them he'd meet with first and decided that it 
would be best if he talked to Aeka alone later on. 

    He began heading over to meet with Ryoko and Sasami when a great 
crash turned his attention in a new direction.  Standing over by the lake 
were Kiyone and Mihoshi and what looked like a box of supplies dumped 
into it. 

    "Moving supplies onto the ship can't be that difficult!", Kiyone 
shouted at Mihoshi. 

    "I'm sorry, Kiyone, I'm just so clumsy.", Mihoshi whined in apology. 

    Sasami ran off to get a look and Tenchi breathed a sigh of relief so 
he could be alone with Ryoko.  Tenchi awkwardly walked over to her 
trying to think of anything he could say to be of some comfort. 

    "How're you holding up?", he asked slowly with concern. 

    "Stop worrying about me and start worrying about yourself.", she 
answered simply.,"I'll be fine." 

    Tenchi began to think of something else to say when he heard 
Kiyone shout out.,"All right everybody, we've made our final checks 
and it's time to lift.  All aboard." 

    With one last look and a smile Ryoko headed away and boarded the 
ship.  One by one the others began filing  onboard leaving Tenchi and 
Aeka being the last.  He stopped her right before she stepped on and 
turned her around to face him.  But all the words he prapared to say 
became lost as he stared into that sad visage.  She knew what had 
happened but for some reason never bothered to say anything. 

    "Miss Aeka, I...", Tenchi began. 

    But he fell silent as abruptly she smiled and simply  asked.,"Well, 
are you coming?" 

    Tenchi smiled back and followed her on board.  Yes she knew 
what had happened but she'd come through it all alright.  With the 
last burden off his back Tenchi began to prepare himself for his 
fight with Kain. 

             *                 *                  * 

Don't you hate it when we say, "To Be Continued..." 
  
             *                 *                  * 

Preview of the next way too long Fic: 

    "Tenchi!", he heard Ryoko cry out to him in pain. 

    But Ryoko's screams of defiance were soon drowned out by 
Tenchi's own cries of agony.  As Kain laughed maniacally his form 
seemed to be slowly devouring Tenchi's body in the envelope of 
the blackest power he had created around him.  With a final shout 
there was a bright flash and then silence. 

             *                 *                  * 

Whew!  Boy did that take way too long to write!  But I had to do 
something.  Usually at about this time I'd have passed out on 
alcohol.  Anyways I hope you all enjoyed the prologue for Tenchi 
Muyo! Legend.  I'll try to divide the next ones up a little more so I 
don't have to type as long and you won't have to read as long. 
Oh, special note to GenSao if you've read this, I'm sorry I had Tenchi 
choose Ryoko since I know that you'd rather see Aeka.  But don't 
worry.  If these Tenchi Muyo! Legend Fics go well I promise to write up 
one where Aeka wins.  I could've made this Fic a lemon but I know 
how easily you kids get stimulated.  So sorry for the break there. 
I'll see you all next time! 


