Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. They are the sole 
property of AIC/Pioneer.

A/N- The characters are again OOC, but their OOC characteristics fit the criteria of this 
story.



The Land Of Fairy Tales Come True
Chapter One


Tenchi Masaki, an ordinary farm boy from Okayama, Japan, ran through the woods that 
were near his house. He was celebrating his independence on that because he was finally 
eighteen years old and he was able to do whatever he pleased. He had moved out of his 
father's house and started living alone in a rented house in the same location in Japan 
where his father was. Fortunately for him his house was far away from his father's. He 
kept on running faster and faster, laughing as loud as he could with the pure joy of 
freedom. He had his eyes closed while he was running, so he was running out of pure 
instinct and so far he had been doing pretty well until he finally tripped over a large tree 
stump. When he fell, he landed face first into the dirt and was knocked out cold. 

Tenchi finally woke up a few hours later and it was already very dark. He looked around 
as he sat on the ground, but he didn't remember which way he came from, so he got up 
and blindly trudged forward onto one of the many paths he could have taken. He brushed 
away the shrubbery that get in his way and he finally saw some light come through the 
path he was headed. As he brushed away the last of the shrubbery, he came in contact 
with one of the most beautiful creatures he had ever seen in his life. This creature had 
wild cyan hair along with a pair of beautiful, golden cat like eyes.

Tenchi blinked about five times, while the creature, which he assumed to be a female in 
gender just by looking at her apparent assets, looked at him rather curiously. She cocked 
her head to one side and started speaking.

"Naja mona vac vu?" she asked.

"Huh?" he asked, completely unaware of what she was saying or asking.

"Naja mona vac vu?" she repeated.

"Listen," he started, "Whatever language you're speaking in, is something that I don't 
understand."

The girl blinked once and the smiled. She recognized his language as Japanese, so she 
translated what she was saying into his own language.

"I was asking what your name is," she said.

"My name? It's Tenchi Masaki," he replied.

"Tenchi? The translation is Heaven and Earth. I like it," she said smiling.

Tenchi blushed a little bit. "Thanks," he said. "Who are you?"

The girl stood up and Tenchi followed suit. She looked at him and put her hands on her 
hips. He looked at her and now knew that the creature was surely female. She was no 
taller than he was, but her body shape made her look a little bit taller.

"I am the Queen of the Elves," she responded.

"The Elf Queen?" he asked, not knowing whether to believe her or not.

"That's right," she said.

He eyed her strangely. "Right, and the next thing you're gonna tell me is that you have a 
friend who is the Fairy Queen and that you own a Unicorn," he said sarcastically.

She looked at him, not knowing it was a joke and said, "The Queen of the Fairies is 
mean. Her sister is the only good person out of all of them."

Tenchi couldn't believe what he was hearing. "So, do you own a Unicorn or what?" he 
asked.

She smiled wistfully as she looked at him. "I wish I did own one. They're such beautiful, 
peaceful, and graceful creatures," she said.

"Have you ever rode one," he asked curiously.

"Yes, once. I was a young Elfin girl and the one I rode was a young steed. It was 
wonderful," she sighed.

He smiled at her, taking in all of the beauty that she was releasing from her soul. His eyes 
then widened as he realized something. 

"Umm...you haven't told me your name yet," he said.

She looked back at him and blushed. "Oh! I'm sorry!" She held out her right hand for 
him to shake. "My name is Ryoko. It is a pleasure to meet you, Tenchi Masaki," she said 
smiling.

Tenchi took her hand and shook it gently until he realized he was staring. He was staring 
right into her eyes and he couldn't stop himself. He was alone in the woods with this 
beautiful girl and his hormones were raging. He slowly pulled his hand away from her 
and blushed. She was blushing too because she realized how close they physically were.

'What am I feeling? I have never ever felt this way before,' she thought.

'Whoa! What am I thinking! Get your mind out of the gutter, Tenchi! Don't turn into 
your father!' he scolded himself.

Tenchi took a good look at Ryoko and noticed that she was wearing a little top made out 
of grass and a short grass skirt. This outfit caused Tenchi to get a nosebleed. Ryoko 
looked at the blood trickling down his nose and gasped. She quickly ran up to him and 
wiped all of the blood that was on his face. He looked across at her face gratefully as she 
stepped back slightly.

"What does your kingdom look like?" he asked her.

Ryoko's face lit up at the mentioning of her kingdom. "Would you like it if I showed you 
around?" she asked.

Tenchi nodded and he let Ryoko show him the way to her kingdom. When they got there, 
Tenchi was shocked. He had heard of the things he was seeing right there in books, but 
he had never thought that they had really existed. He looked around in awe as he saw 
little lights floating around and glowing brightly. In front of him was a pond full of water 
lilies, but the thing that amazed him the most was the elves he saw. They were all dressed 
in the manner that he had imagined them, which was green shirts and bottoms with brown 
working boots to match. He noticed that Ryoko was the only one dressed differently and 
he also noted that along with her revealing grass ensemble, she was barefoot. He guessed 
that she dressed this way because she had more freedom than the other elves because she 
was their Queen. A question then aroused his interest.

"Where do you live?" he asked her.

"Here, why?" she asked quizzically.

"I mean do you have a place here that you sleep in and eat in?" he asked again, more 
specifically this time.

"Oh! You mean a kanadra. Right this way," she said.

Tenchi just followed her until they came upon something that looked like a farm barn. 
Tenchi raised an eyebrow as he looked at her. She just smiled with pride at her so called 
home.

"Is this your home?" he asked.

"Why yes it is, Tenchi. Would you like to look inside?" she asked.

'I am curious to see the difference between these homes and the ones that I'm so used to,' 
he thought. "Sure, why not," he replied with a smile.

In response, Ryoko grabbed him by the hand and dragged him towards the barn like 
house. She was being a little bit aggressive, but he let that slide thinking that it was part 
of her personality.

Once they got inside of her house, Tenchi noticed how bare it was on the inside. The bed 
that she had was made up of grass and straw. For her pillow she had the skin of a deer 
which was stuffed with flower petals for softening. For her blanket she had the fur of a 
bear. He wondered how she had gained access to such animals and was able to hunt them 
down without hurting herself. He continued looking at the inside of her home and noticed 
a few tin cups and plates along with a jug full of water. He marveled at the primitive life 
style she led without knowing that it was possibly more complex than his own.

"Well, what do you think?" she asked him.

"It's different. I can definitely say that much. How do you hunt down these animals 
without hurting yourself in the process?" he asked pointing to the skins on the floor. "I 
mean, I don't see any cuts or bruises on you."

"That's easy Tenchi. We Elves can teleport behind our prey and get them with a laser 
sword. Let me demonstrate," and with that she phased out of view.

Tenchi looked stunned. He had never seen a humanoid person do that before. Suddenly 
he felt a faint presence behind him and then he noticed a glowing, red sword under his 
arm. He grabbed the owner of the sword to realize that it was Ryoko.

"Pretty impressive, huh?" she asked.

"I'll say," Tenchi nodded.

"Now that you've seen everything, are you going to go back to your home?" she asked.

"I can't even find my way home. I'm lost," he admitted.

Ryoko smiled sympathetically at him. She patted him gently on his back. Suddenly a 
thought came to her. 

"Hey, Tenchi," she said smiling.

"Yeah?" he asked.

"Why don't you just live here?" she asked him.

"In your home?" he asked quizzically.

"Yeah, why not?" she asked back. 

Tenchi thought about this for a moment. 'Ok, an incredibly beautiful girl just asked you 
to live with her. What idiot would pass up an opportunity like this? I will control my 
hormones and I will respect her, that's all I can do.'

He smiled at her and nodded. "Alright then, I'll do it."

Ryoko put a big smile on her face. She ran up to him and embraced him very tightly. 
Tenchi could feel his hormones already running out of control, but his reasonable side 
was winning this battle.

"What do I need to do in order to live here forever?" he asked.

Ryoko looked somewhat pensive. "Not anything since you're a guest, but those clothes, 
in my opinion, will need to go. You can keep your pants, but I can get you a much better 
and nicer shirt." Ryoko then made a green tunic phase into view. It was a lighter shade of 
green than the green that her workers had on their tunics. 

Tenchi looked at the shirt in her hands and then looked down at his own brown tunic. The 
one that she had created was nicer than the one that he had on, but he wanted to keep that 
tunic because it was the one that his mother gave to his father on his father's birthday.

"Umm...thanks, Ryoko. That's a very nice shirt, but even though I would have that one, I 
would like to keep this one as well," he said.

"Do as you please. You are only my guest, nothing else," she replied.

"Ryoko, I would really like to thank you. You are doing so much for me and I haven't 
done anything to repay you," he said sadly.

"Don't worry about it Tenchi. I like to help people in need. It makes me feel good," she 
replied smiling.

Tenchi couldn't help but smile back at her. "I can see that Ryoko, but I would like to do 
something to repay you for your kindness." He thought for a while until he came up with 
an idea. "I know! When is your birthday?" he asked.

"Birthday? What is that?" she asked him.

"A birthday is the celebration of the day a person is born," he explained.

She looked at him curiously for a moment and then understood what he was talking 
about. "My birthday is on August 24th," she finally replied.

"The same month as mine," he exclaimed. "I'm going to give you a very nice present on 
that day," he said.

Ryoko, still not knowing what was going on, just smiled and nodded. "That's nice 
Tenchi," she said.

"You're welcome," he replied. He looked at the tunic in her hand and gestured towards it. 
Ryoko looked at her hand and noticed that she still had his tunic in her hand. Blushing, 
she gave him the shirt.

"Thank you, Ryoko," he said smiling at her.

"As I said before, don't worry about it, Tenchi. I am going to make your time here 
memorable. I promise you this," she said.

"I'll hold you to that one," he replied grinning.

She grinned back as they both ended up telling stories and laughing all through the night.

Eight months had passed. Eight long, but wonderful months. Tenchi and Ryoko had 
grown very close. They became best friends. Ryoko taught him about her land and 
culture, while he exchanged stories about his own. Ryoko had also taught him how to 
hunt and cook. She had also showed him how to do simple magic tricks. On her birthday, 
Tenchi gave her a silver ring with a sapphire in the middle of it. She had told him that the 
ring that he gave her was the most beautiful gift she had ever received and in return, she 
gave him a kiss. It was Tenchi's very first kiss and hers as well. It was a short, gentle 
kiss, but it was enough to give Tenchi confused emotions about her. He was starting to 
wonder whether he should consider her as something more than a friend.

It was already April of the following year. He had done nothing about his emotions 
during the time the kissed happened and all of the empty space in between. He was 
sleeping on his side of the room in her home and he looked across the room and saw 
Ryoko sleeping soundly. He felt a pile of emotions surge through him and before he 
knew it, he had moved closer to her and he rested his head next to hers as he embraced 
her. Ryoko woke up startled as she saw Tenchi holding her and looking at her with 
adoring eyes. She felt her own wants for him trying desperately to take over as they had 
tried so many times before. Tenchi had moved his head onto her shoulder and sighed. 
Ryoko did the same and she held him tightly.

"Tenchi, what are we doing?" she whispered.

"I don't know," he whispered back.

"Why do I have these feelings? Why can't I control them?" she asked him in her normal 
tone.

"I was wondering the same thing about myself, Ryoko," he replied.

"Tenchi, I love you," she whispered into his ear.

"I love you too, Ryoko," he whispered back.

Tenchi then leaned forward and kissed her deeply. She kissed him back by deepening the 
kiss. Soon their clothes had been scattered everywhere. Tenchi looked down at Ryoko 
questionably.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" he asked her.

"Yes, my love. Yes," she pleaded.

They started to feel a surge of passion come over their bodies as they kissed each other 
hungrily. Ryoko was kissing Tenchi all they way down his bare chest, while Tenchi was 
kissing at her neck and shoulder blades. They continued to kiss in frenzy with Ryoko's 
legs wrapped tightly around Tenchi's waist. As soon as their lovemaking had subsided, 
they wrapped their arms around the others nude body and fell asleep contentedly. 

The next morning, Tenchi woke up first and he saw cyan hair spewed all over his chest. 
He smiled at the vision that was lying next to him sleeping peacefully. 

'Why couldn't I see what was right in front of my eyes for all of this time. I'm glad I told 
her. She's so right for me. I wish I could marry her, but I can't find my home anymore, so 
we can't. Maybe they have a type of ceremony for marriage here. When she wakes up I'll 
ask her,' he thought.

As if on cue, Ryoko woke up. She looked up at Tenchi and smiled. He smiled back and 
embraced her, pulling her into a very deep kiss.

"Good morning," he finally said.

"Good morning," she said with a yawn and a smile. She noticed that even though Tenchi 
was smiling at her, he was also very deep in thought. "What are you thinking about, my 
Tenchi?" she asked.

"I was just wondering if your race of people have marriage," he said.

"Marriage? What is that?" she asked.

"It's a union or a bond between two lovers," he explained.

Ryoko looked down at him with a perplexed look on her face. It then dawned on her what 
he was talking about. Removing the look of perplexity upon her face, she replaced it with 
a soft smile.

"I think I understand what you're talking about. The bond between two lovers in my 
culture takes place right after the two have confessed their love for one another. After the 
bond, the two become mates for life," she replied.

"What kind of bond is it? Is there some sort of a ceremony or ritual that we need to go 
through?" he asked.

"The bond has been already created between us, Tenchi," she said.

"How is that possible? We only made love and nothing else," he said confused.

"What else is needed? We are now mates for life. Why? Do you regret it?" she asked 
fearfully with a very strong appearance of sadness in her voice.

Tenchi mentally kicked himself for making such a stupid comment. He looked into his 
beloved's golden eyes and saw that grief had replaced the joy that had once been in them. 
Tenchi sighed as he wrapped his arms around Ryoko and held her close. "Ryoko, I don't 
regret it. How could I? I love you so much Ryoko. I could never have wished to want a 
more difficult way to be with you. Now that I know that it was this easy, I would never 
want to go back on it. I love you and I want to be with you forever," he said smiling 
softly at her.

Ryoko's eyes were filled with pure joy. She tackled him and kissed him all over the face. 
Tenchi, in turn, started to tickle her, which made her howl with laughter. Once they had 
calmed down, Tenchi had ended up on top of Ryoko. He looked down at her and kissed 
her. She responded by throwing in more passion as she decided to make it slow and 
sensuous. Ryoko broke the kiss as she looked up at her beloved with a seductive smile. 
Tenchi wondered what she was thinking, but before he could react, Ryoko had switched 
their positions so that she was on top. 

Ryoko pulled her head down and leaned into Tenchi's ear. "Take me home, Tenchi," she 
whispered.

He reached up and kissed her again. Ryoko sighed happily as they proceeded to make 
love once more.

The Queen of the Fairies was utterly distressed. She had many suitors who had wanted 
the opportunity to love her, but none of them were to her liking. She didn't want someone 
of noble blood this time. She wanted someone warm-blooded and kind that would look at 
her and see her and not her crown. She sighed and thought, 'Whom am I kidding. There 
is no one like that in the whole of the universe. Keep dreaming, Ayeka.' The Queen woke 
up from her trance and noticed that her little sister Sasami was speaking to her.

"Ayeka, what do you think? Should I use the gold one or the green one?" she asked. 
Sasami wanted to know her sister's opinion for the color of the tablecloth that they would 
be using that evening. They would usually use white, but that night was a special night. 
Arriving for dinner there would be the most famous out of the noblemen of her kingdom, 
Lord Kagato. 

Ayeka looked at the tablecloths her sister had in her hands and narrowed her eyes 
slightly. Those colors reminded her of a certain rival named Ryoko. She envied that 
woman for her extreme beauty and child like innocence. Ayeka had more worldly 
knowledge, but she had used it in a way that had corrupted her. Ryoko was pure, despite 
the revealing clothing she so often displayed herself in.

Ayeka turned her head in disgust from the beautiful colors. "Sasami, I would like to ban 
those colors along with any colors resembling them. Another color I would like to ban is 
blue, including the colors that resemble it as well. Am I understood, Sasami?"

Sasami threw the tablecloths onto the ground and sighed. "Yes sister, I understand you." 

"Very good, Sasami. Now, tell me of another color we might be able to use," said Ayeka.

Sasami thought about it for a moment and all of a sudden she knew what color her sister 
probably wanted. "How about purple, Ayeka? It's a very pretty color and it's also very 
regal," she said.

Ayeka's eyes lit up at the mentioning of that color. "That is an excellent choice, Sasami. 
See to it that the preparations for tonight's dinner are in absolute perfection for our 
esteemed guest," she said.

Happy to see her sister happy, Sasami smiled and nodded. "Of course Ayeka. You will 
have nothing but the best for dinner tonight," she said playfully.

Ayeka smiled ruefully at her sister. "Go on then and make us proud Sasami," she said.

"Yes, sister!" she said, giving her sister a mock salute and then running off into the 
dining hall.

As soon as her sister was gone, Ayeka began to grin sinisterly. 'I've got you this time, 
Ryoko. With Lord Kagato's help I will make sure that you and your kingdom will be 
destroyed forever! Be prepared for the war of a lifetime my "dear friend".'

Ayeka laughed loudly as she walked out of the throne room to prepare for an 
unforgettable evening.

















