Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. They are the sole 
property of AIC/Pioneer.                                

A/N- The characters are again OOC, but their OOC characteristics fit the criteria of this 
story.




The Land Of Fairy Tales Come True
Chapter Two


Ryoko was sitting in the back of her home where she had a small garden, which she 
tended to. She wasn't wearing her revealing grass outfit right then; instead she was 
decked out in rather modest, but tasteful clothing. She was wearing a long, pale green 
tunic similar to Tenchi's and an ankle length, pale green skirt. These clothes felt like 
cotton, but were actually woven out of Elfin magic. Ryoko was at the moment, sitting on 
a stone step that led to her garden. She was just thinking about how happy her life was at 
that point in time when her husband Tenchi popped in on her.

"Hey, Ryoko!" said Tenchi.

Ryoko turned around, slightly startled, but then relaxed when she saw who it was that 
broke her silence. "Oh, hey, Tenchi," she replied.

Tenchi frowned slightly. "Hey, Ryoko, is there something wrong?"

Ryoko chuckled softly. "No, Tenchi. Nothing is wrong. I was just thinking."

Tenchi looked at her curiously. "'Bout?"

Ryoko noticed that Tenchi was sitting down beside her at that point. As she looked at 
him, she cocked her head to the left, which in turn made her hair touch the ground. "I was 
just thinking about how happy our life has been these past eight months."

"Ah, ever had second thoughts?" he asked.

"Never, my Tenchi. Being with you has brought out emotions inside of me, which I never 
had the courage to discover. Thank you for making my ability to love on a more intimate 
level possible," she replied, smiling warmly at him.

He smiled back with the same amount of warmth. He took her hand and squeezed it 
gently as Ryoko placed her head on his left shoulder. He looked down at his bride and 
kissed the top of her head. They then both looked out at her beautiful garden.

After about five minutes of silence, Tenchi broke it. "Ryoko, what's the story between 
you and the Queen of the Fairies?"

Ryoko sighed. "It would take a long time to tell. Are you sure you wanna hear it?"

Tenchi shrugged. "Sure, why not. I would like to know why someone like you could 
actually dislike someone so much."

"Well, the Queen of the Fairies, whose name is Ayeka, and I were at one time excellent 
friends, that is up until ten years ago when she lost her sanity," she said grimly.

"So, what happened?" he asked.

"Well, when she became Queen after her parents were assassinated ten years ago, she 
absolutely lost it once she was on the throne. Before then, the Elves and the Fairies lived 
in harmony with each other. I don't know what happened to her, but I do know that her 
sister wasn't affected because she is as she always was. Ayeka just became power mad 
and tried to kill my people and I numerous times. I bet she's probably concocting some 
plan to get rid of me right now. Oh, Tenchi, my people aren't as strong as they used to be. 
They're mostly tired and worn out. Would you fight by my side if a battle were ever to 
occur between my nation and hers?" she asked desperately.

Tenchi looked at his sad wife and nodded his head. "I will do everything in my power to 
protect you. I won't lose you, I...I can't lose you. I love you too much, Ryoko. You are a 
big part of my life now and if anyone even thinks of inflicting harm upon you, then they 
had better think again because I will be with you no matter what."

Ryoko had tears splashing down her perfect white skin. She then held Tenchi tightly to 
her. He just held her as tight as she held him. She looked up into his soft brown eyes and 
kissed him gently. She then broke the kiss, but still kept him in her embrace.

Back at the Fairy nation, Ayeka was discussing her plan with the prestigious Fairy noble 
Kagato. Kagato's sharp golden eyes were absorbing the information that Ayeka was 
relaying to him. Once she was finished, Kagato flashed a grin at her.

"My Lady, are you sure that your plan will work? Ryoko probably knows that you plan to 
do battle against her at any time now. She's used to your tactics, so how do think that this 
will be any different?" he asked curiously.

"That is exactly what I plan to get into. I will form a fake peace treaty with Ryoko, which 
will say that all wars will be canceled between us and that we will become allies. We then 
will wait a week and then we will attack," said Ayeka.

"That would work, but the only problem is that Ryoko would be suspicious of you. She 
wouldn't understand why after ten long years of angst towards each other that you 
suddenly decide to make up with her," he said with uncertainty edging in his voice.

Ayeka just gave him a smug look. "Do not worry about the little details. You just leave 
such superfluous things to me. You only need to deal with the attack on her nation. Are 
we understood?"

"Yes, my Lady," he said as he bowed to the Queen.

In another plane and dimension, three goddesses were watching the following events 
unfold before their eyes. They all shook their heads sadly. They needed to help both 
nations before they ended up killing themselves. The tall red headed goddess Washu who 
was the Elfin Goddess spoke up.

"What are we going to do about this? Ayeka is getting worst and worst by the day. She 
won't give up until Ryoko's nation is dead and buried. She never used to be this bad."

The youngest goddess looked at the oldest goddess who just spoke. The youngest 
goddess brushed her two blue tails to her back. The youngest goddess was Tsunami, the 
Fairy Goddess. The look that Tsunami gave Washu was very grim.

"I don't know what has gotten into her. I know that it has been ten years, but someone 
would have thought that her spite would have worn off by now, especially when it was 
uncalled for."

The middle goddess was in deep thought, her purplish blue eyes were narrowed ever so 
slightly and her light brown hair which she usually kept in a tight bun on top of her head 
with a crown was let down loosely to her back. This goddess was Tokimi and she was the 
goddess of both nations, thus the peacemaker and she is also the most powerful out of all 
the three. She looked at the goddesses and sighed.

"I have a feeling that whatever came over Ayeka is trying to destroy both nations. She 
must have been controlled by some powerful force, but not necessarily more powerful 
than us, but yet, we have no proof of that."

Washu's emerald eyes widened. "If someone is controlling her who is more powerful 
than us then that could only be..."

"We are not sure though. We still need evidence to find out who the culprit is," reasoned 
Tsunami.

"As usual, you are right Tsunami, but in order to so, we need a strategy to capture the 
culprit," said Tokimi.

"You just leave that to me, after all, I may be a goddess, but I'm also the Greatest 
Scientific Genius in the Universe!" exclaimed Washu.

The other two goddesses rolled their eyes while their eldest sister boasted about how 
great she was. After Washu had finally settled down from her ego trip, she turned serious 
once more.

"We need to trace this dimension and that one to find the culprit. I honestly doubt that he 
or she came from the planet Ayeka's on, though."

The other two goddesses nodded their heads in agreement. Tsunami then spoke.

"I do have some interesting news to tell. The Queen of the Elves has found a mate."

The other two goddesses gasped. "Are you sure Tsunami?" asked the Elfin Goddess 
Washu.

"Very sure," she replied. "What makes it odder though is that he is a Terran. He must 
have found the nation by accident, but only the chosen ones who are not of the nation can 
see either nation at all. This boy must be the chosen one. He is to fight in the upcoming 
battle, that is if we cannot prevent it first."

"What is the boy's name?" Washu inquired.

"I believe his name is Tenchi. He has been with Ryoko for eight months now," she said.

"His name is well suited for the chosen one," observed Washu.

"Along with this boy, you do know that Ryoko and Ayeka are also chosen ones," said 
Tokimi.

"Yes, we do know. They will all have to fight together one day in order to destroy the 
greatest evil in the Universe, which has not yet been born yet, mind you," said Tsunami.

"Yes, but when this evil is born, we will need all three of them to cooperate together in 
order to defeat it, but Ayeka won't budge to make peace with Ryoko. Ryoko is more 
willing than her," commented Washu.

"We then must choose which one of three chosen ones we will train as an avatar for each 
of us," said Tsunami.

"I choose Ryoko. She is of my kind anyway and it will be easier for me to train her," said 
Washu.

"Then I will take Ayeka. I think I can put up with her mad antics better than either of you 
would be able to," said Tokimi.

"It looks like I have the Terran boy Tenchi. It will be hard for me to train him as a Terran, 
but as one of us, it should be a lot easier," said Tsunami.

Washu looked puzzled. "What do you mean, Tsunami?"

"You know that we are creatures of mysticism along with Ayeka, Ryoko, and their 
people. Tenchi is not a person of mysticism even though he has a hidden power in him, 
which he hasn't unleashed yet, or is he like to in his current state. So, I suggest a rebirth 
for Tenchi," stated Tsunami.

"WHAT!!!" the other two goddesses exclaimed in unison.

"How in the hell are we gonna pull that off?!" asked a freaked out Washu.

"Simple, dear sister, we have to terminate his first life," Tsunami said bluntly.

"So, you suggest that we just kill him? Is that it?!?!" asked a now enraged Washu. "The 
Queen of the nation that I created will be severely pissed off if we do such a thing. Ryoko 
is a sweet girl, but if you tick her off, she can become worst than Ayeka is right now."

"Oh, dear sister, I don't mean bloodshed. What I suggest is something that Ryoko 
wouldn't even notice, well, besides the illness for that matter," said Tsunami.

"An illness?" Washu asked curiously.

"That's right," Tsunami affirmed. "All we have to do is make him sick for a few days 
until he dies and then while he is lying on his deathbed, we will put a new life source into 
a him, which in turn will make him one of us."

"Are you sure that this will work and that Ryoko won't be able to tell that he's dead?" 
asked Washu.

"Positive. For all Ryoko would know, he would be in a deep sleep in her eyes," said 
Tsunami.

"But, won't she notice that he won't be breathing?" asked Washu.

"True, but before we put the new life source into his body, we can put an invisible air 
pump into his lungs and connect it to his heart, brain, and circulatory system," Tsunami 
said proudly. "It looks like you're not the only genius in the family, eh Washu?"

"Ah, shove it, Tsunami," grumbled Washu.

Tsunami smirked at what her elder sister had just said. Tokimi was desperately trying to 
hold back her laughter, which she did finally overcome. Tokimi was always the most 
serious out of the three.

"Shall we proceed with your plan, Tsunami?" asked Tokimi.

"Yes, we shall start tonight," she said.

It was nighttime and Ryoko had just finished addressing her nation. She had told them 
that she had been bonded the night before and that they had a new ruler alongside her. 
Her people were all shocked, but it was a welcome change for them. They congratulated 
Ryoko and wished her great happiness. 

Ryoko walked into her home and saw Tenchi lying on the bed shivering. She sat down 
beside him and held him close to her. She couldn't understand why he was so cold when 
his skin was so warm.

Ryoko then looked into his eyes and a worried expression crossed her face. "Tenchi what 
is it? What's wrong?"

Tenchi tried to answer, but he couldn't. He just kept on coughing more and more every 
minute. She saw what he was coughing up and she stared at it in horror. Blood, it was his 
own blood that he was coughing up. She started to cry because she knew that she was 
unable to do anything. Only those of the Fairy Nation were able to conjure up healing 
spells. Elfin people could not perform such magic.

The three goddesses watched the scene from above. Washu grimaced at the sight of the 
sad Ryoko. She then started to speak up.

"Is this really necessary? I mean, why can't we just do it all at once? It would be a lot 
faster and Ryoko could be spared the pain of going through this grief in the amount of 
three days."

The other two goddesses took her words into consideration and spoke amongst 
themselves. Once they were done, it was Tokimi who addressed Washu.

"Sister, we have listened to your side and we believe that you are right. We could easily 
do it all tonight and by tomorrow morning he'll be as good as new."

Washu smiled thankfully to her two divine sisters. They smiled back at her. They then 
turned their heads back to the large globe they were watching the heart-wrenching scene 
from.

"Tenchi...oh, Tenchi! I wish I could something to help relieve your pain, but I cannot. I 
don't know of anything that could. I hope that you get better soon, my love. You can't 
leave me like this, you just can't!" cried Ryoko as she broke down on the floor sobbing 
next to the animal fur blanket which she had rolled him into so he could stay warm.

The three goddesses had tears in their eyes. Unknown to Ryoko, the goddesses had 
already taken Tenchi's life away. There was nothing lying there but a dead body with an 
invisible air pump inside of him to make him look as though he was still breathing. The 
three goddesses then pushed the new life energy, which was invisible, into his body 
through a brisk breeze. Ryoko felt the breeze come into the room, but didn't think much 
of it. She was still crying over Tenchi. As soon as the new life energy entered into his 
slightly opened mouth, the air pump dispersed and Tenchi began to breathe normally 
again. Ryoko hadn't noticed the change, but instead cried herself to sleep next to Tenchi.

At the Fairy Palace, Ayeka was making preparations for the war with Ryoko's nation 
when she heard a loud knock on the palace door. None of her servants were awake, so 
she answered it herself. She opened the door and gasped as she automatically dropped to 
her knees. The stranger looked at Ayeka and smiled at her menacingly. Ayeka's golden 
metal choker began to glow brightly. 

"Now, do as I say and you won't get hurt," said the stranger.

Ayeka only nodded as the dark stranger began to list off its demands to Ayeka. 

"Queen Ayeka, I overheard your plan of how to do away with Ryoko. It's very 
interesting and very good I might add, but there is another way to start a war with her. It 
would be far more easier than the plan you have at present."

Ayeka swallows hard. "What would this be? I cannot think of any other way to get to 
Ryoko."

"Ryoko has a mate now, a Terran at that. I would like you to seduce him into your 
clutches and hold him prisoner here. Ryoko will be so incredibly furious that she will 
declare war on you," said the stranger.

"I see. I will do as you say. Until we meet again then?" asked a nervous Ayeka.

"Yes, until we meet again. Do not fail me. You know what my wrath is since you have 
felt it one too many times," snarled the stranger.

"Yes, I promise not to fail you again," said a now shaking Ayeka.

"I hope that you are right. I shall be leaving now. Goodbye, Lady Ayeka," said the 
stranger as it made its way out of her palace.

"Goodbye," replied Ayeka. Once the stranger had left, Ayeka fell to her knees and began 
to cry. She knew that it was that stranger who did this to her. For ten years that same 
person kept on appearing at her door on the anniversary of the same night she was 
seemingly possessed by it. The stranger had begun to make demands of her ever since 
that fateful night. All of these demands included the destruction of Ryoko and the Elfin 
Nation. Ayeka could not help but follow these orders or the stranger would use the 
powers of the golden metal choker around her neck and kill her by means of suffocation.

Ayeka looked down at the palace's pink marble pavement as her tears graced it. She 
blamed Ryoko for all her pain and that's why she was happy to oblige with the undoing 
of her. She blamed Ryoko because Ryoko was pure and innocent, but mostly because she 
was not afflicted in the same manner that she was on that same day ten years ago. That 
day brought back so many sad memories for her. On that very day she had ended her long 
term friendship with Ryoko and to top it all off she had her parents assassinated as well, 
so she could take the throne and take it she did.

Ayeka, still kneeling on the ground, wiped the tears away from her face. Looking back on 
her memories in the present day, she was not very content with herself. She loathed 
Ryoko because even though both of her parents died in battle, and she was still content in 
her life. She was always laughing and smiling. Ayeka then slammed her fragile fists onto 
the pavement. Damn! How much she hated that woman! She wished death upon her more 
than anybody else in the world. Ayeka removed her fists from the pavement and winced. 
Her knuckles were cracked and bleeding. She began to weep again as she thought of how 
badly she was going to hurt that bitch Ryoko for all of the misery she had inflicted upon 
her. Ayeka then got up, wiped her tears away once more and walked up the spiral 
staircase towards her room.

Ryoko woke up the next morning to find Tenchi still asleep. She hoped that he was 
feeling better. 

'At least he's not shivering anymore,' she observed mentally.

She snuggled up next to him under the animal skin blanket. She felt warm next to him, 
but he was burning up like he was the night before. She smiled a bit at that. She had a 
feeling that he had gotten better overnight. Tenchi stirred a bit as he turned to the side 
facing her. His eyelids slowly opened and came into contact with a pair of beautiful 
golden, cat-like eyes. He reached out and caressed her cheek gently and Ryoko began to 
purr like a kitten. She snuggled up even closer to him as he held her tightly to him. 
Tenchi could feel his shirt getting yet, so he looked down and saw Ryoko weeping 
silently into his shirt, which in turn was becoming stained by her tears.

Tenchi looked worried. "Ryoko? What is it? Did I do something wrong?"

Ryoko didn't make eye contact. "Well, almost. I almost thought I lost you yesterday."

Tenchi looked down at her in puzzlement. "What are you talking about, Ryoko? I'm not 
going anywhere."

"I didn't mean it like that, Tenchi. I meant that when you were sick last night I thought I 
was gonna lose you," she said quietly.

Realization dawned on Tenchi. "Oh...that. Well, it would have passed anyway. I mean 
you could have easily cured me right? Hey, I bet that's why I'm feeling better now. Is 
that it?"

Ryoko shook her head sadly. "No, Tenchi, that's not it. You survived that illness by the 
will of the gods. I had no part in it. I couldn't do anything to help you, Tenchi. I don't 
have the power to cure. Elves do not possess the power of healing. Only Fairies can do 
that. I just cried and prayed for you. I guess that was enough this time. I'm just hoping 
that you get sick like that again!"

Ryoko started to cry again, but louder than before. Tenchi wrapped his arms around her, 
while trying to soothe her unhappy outburst. He caressed the soft cyan hair while doing 
so. After about five minutes, she had settled down. She actually fell asleep again. Tenchi 
chuckled softly at how he finally solved the problem of how to calm Ryoko down. Tenchi 
gently untangled himself from Ryoko's embrace and got up. Once he had finished getting 
dressed he looked at the woman sleeping on the floor under the animal skin blanket. He 
walked back over to her and kissed her on her forehead.

"Rest now, my angel, for you have earned it," he whispered gently to her. As a result, 
Ryoko smiled in her sleep. Tenchi smiled back, even though Ryoko didn't know that he 
did.

Tenchi then went to the garden to work. He had promised Ryoko that he would help her 
in every way possible to make her garden look beautiful.

Queen Ayeka of the Fairies was on her way to seduce the now Elfin King, Tenchi. She 
had landed in Ryoko's garden and since it was very large, she would be looking for a 
good while. After a good thirty minutes of looking she was about to give up hope when 
low and behold there he was. She couldn't do anything, but stare. She found him very 
handsome and if he gave into her seductions, she wouldn't imprison him, but make him 
the Fairy King. She slowly tiptoed towards him. 

"Ahem!" she said quite loudly.

Tenchi, startled, turned around and came face to face with an attractive young woman.

"Uh...hello...um...who are you?" he asked quite uneasily.

She then started advancing towards him. "My name is Ayeka. I am the Queen of the 
Fairies."

"You're the Queen of the Fairies. Ryoko's told me some stories about you and I don't 
think I can trust you in our home," he said.

"Ryoko is a lying, sniveling, little bitch. She's the whore above all whores. If you come 
with me, I will let you rule by my side in equal share of the most powerful nation out of 
the two," she hissed seductively into his ear.

Tenchi was severely pissed off at what Ayeka had said about his wife. "Listen to me right 
now you pompous, arrogant bitch. My wife is not a liar and above all she is not a whore. I 
will never rule with you nor do I ever wish to, so go back to your palace and stay where 
you belong. You are not welcome here ever again. Do I make myself clear?"

Ayeka then gave him an insincere sweet smile. "Perfectly, but do want to know 
something? I do not give a rat's ass about your orders."

Tenchi looked at her angrily, but before he could react, she had used her magic to weave 
a wooden cell around him. Ayeka could see him struggling to get out and all she could do 
was laugh.

"I don't think this is very funny!" he yelled. 

"No? I find it very amusing!" she said in between laughs. She then settled down and 
grabbed the little piece of stationary and quill pen that she had brought with her. She 
quickly wrote down the ransom note and attached it to the door. Tenchi gave her an evil 
glare as she walked back towards him. She ignored the look and summoned her powers 
once more. Once she had done that, they had both vanished and were brought back to her 
palace.

"Is this your palace?" asked Tenchi in a monotone sounding voice.

"Yes," she replied shortly.

"Tell me, what was that note that you attached to the back door?" he inquired furiously.

"Oh...just a little something for Ryoko to read to let her know where you are," she 
replied smugly.

"A ransom note!" he shouted.

"Well, yes and no. I do not ask for money in return though. What I ask for is a war with 
your beloved wife Ryoko," she said calmly.

Tenchi felt his blood boiling. He wanted to help Ryoko in her fight against Ayeka, but he 
knew that there was nothing he could do about it, so he did what knew best and that 
was...pray.

Ryoko had finally woken up and as she walked outside into her garden, she noticed that 
Tenchi wasn't there. Ryoko was puzzled about his whereabouts; but then again, he could 
have wandered into the deeper part of her garden, so there was no reason to worry just 
yet. As soon as Ryoko shut the door, she found a note attached to it. She tore it off of the 
door and read it. 

>From the beginning to the very end of that note, Ryoko had her fists clenched in rage. 
She could kill her and she would kill her. She demanded a war on that little bitch. The 
fury in her face said it all.

"You will die, Ayeka! You will pay for what you have done!!! I will declare a war on 
you and your little nation. I will not rest until I get my husband back!!!" she screamed. 
She then stormed back into the house to make plans for an upcoming war with Ayeka to 
get her vengeance on her, but most importantly, to save her husband Tenchi.







