Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. They are the sole 
property of AIC/Pioneer.
                                    
A/N- The characters are again OOC, but their OOC characteristics fit the criteria of this 
story.




The Land Of Fairy Tales Come True
Chapter Three


The three goddesses Washu, Tokimi, and Tsunami watched the following events grimly. 
None of them could understand why Ayeka was acting so strangely. They had finally 
concluded that the entity possessing Ayeka was much more powerful than one of them. If 
it were someone less powerful, they would have been able to detect him or her without 
this much trouble. 

"Who would want to destroy the two nations so badly?" Tsunami wondered.

"Well, I'm guessing that the suspect is most likely male and thus a god," concluded 
Washu.

Tokimi eyed her curiously. "What makes you say that?"

"Well, as you know, all goddesses powers are pretty much on the same level, whereas the 
power of the gods are much more powerful," she replied.

"So you're saying that a god, not a goddess, is responsible for Ayeka's actions?" asked 
Tsunami.

"Yes, that is precisely what I am saying," Washu responded.

"But how can we find this god? They are nearly impossible to search," noted Tsunami.

"Nearly, but not entirely. All we have to do is be sneaky about it in a very subtle way," 
replied Washu.

"So, let us carry out this plan Washu has suggested," said Tokimi.

"Right," agreed Tsunami.

Back at Ayeka's palace, Tenchi was trying with all his might to break out of his cell, but 
with very little success. He glared at the guards who were guarding his cell. He hoped 
that Ryoko would come and save him, but without causing the war that Ayeka so 
desperately wanted her to start.

"Getting lonely in there?" Ayeka asked with innocent sarcasm in her voice.

He glared at her. 'What a bitch!' he thought. 'I hope that she rots in hell because that's 
where she's going to end up one of these days.'

"Oh...elf got your tongue?" she asked smugly.

"Let me ask you something. Why do you hate Ryoko so much? I mean, what did she ever 
do to you?" he asked curiously.

"She never actually did anything to me. It's just that she has no right to be happy while I 
suffer. I wish that she could understand what it means to be miserable, so that's why I'm 
taking everything away from her that she holds dearest," she replied.

"You are an awful witch! No wonder Ryoko's not friends with you anymore!" he 
exclaimed.

"I could never understand why I was friends with that filthy mongrel in the first place. I 
guess I was just young and naïve. Things like those traits make a true judgement of 
character blind," she stated.

Tenchi shook his head. He couldn't understand why anyone would hate Ryoko. She 
symbolized nothing but goodness. He could tell that even though Ayeka was mean on the 
outside, her inner character was the goodness that was trying to fight itself through that 
hard shell. He felt sorry for her actually, but not too sorry.

"Listen, I don't know what's got your goat, but I do know that once Ryoko finds you, she 
will probably kill you," he said.

"Not if I kill her first. You see, she will cause a war and she will fight it blindly and 
carelessly because she would do anything to get you back. Her foolishness will only lead 
to her own demise," she stated carefully. 

"If this is true, then I can't keep my promise to Ryoko," he said sadly.

"Promise? What promise may that be?" she asked curiously.

"I promised her that if a war were to arise between you two, I would fight by her side," 
he replied.

"You silly boy! Why would you want to have yourself killed in a war? I could do that on 
my own with my bare hands," she said wickedly.

"If you kill Ryoko in this war, you won't have to kill me. I'll just kill myself because life 
without Ryoko for me is meaningless," he replied calmly.

"A martyr. Ha! You might as well kill yourself now because once I'm done with your 
precious Ryoko she will be no more!" she said viciously.

"We shall see about that!" he growled. Ayeka then turned her back on him and strolled 
out of the room where he was being held captive.

'Queen Ayeka is right about one thing though. Ryoko will declare a war. I wish that I 
could get out of this confounded cell so that I could help her, but there's no way out! 
Damn that woman! I hope that Ryoko frees me before she fights because if she fights, I 
plan to fight with and die with her if need be,' he contemplated mentally.

Ryoko was severely pissed. She wanted to kill Ayeka really badly. She didn't have 
enough people to fight with her though. She needed to free Tenchi before she could fight. 
She had indeed remembered the promise that he had made her and she knew that he 
wouldn't back out of it. She needed him to fight with her. There was only one problem 
and that was how to get into the Fairy Palace without being caught. The only person that 
would possibly let her in would have to Ayeka's younger sister Sasami. She grinned at 
the thought of the little girl. She knew that she was unaffected by Ayeka's evil touch and 
was pure and innocent. She made plans of how to get to the little girl and speak to her 
about letting her into the palace to release her husband Tenchi.

Back at the Fairy Palace, Ayeka was having a meeting with Kagato. She explained her 
plan to him and he agreed with her that it was a brilliant plan. She had her military forces 
ready and Kagato promised her that he would lead them. Leaving that in his hands, she 
needed to fight Ryoko alone. She had told Kagato that and even though he protested at 
first, he finally conceded due to the Queen's request to finish off the person who had 
made her miserable personally.

Ayeka went upstairs to her room and looked herself in the mirror. Ayeka was a truly 
beautiful young woman. She had no physical flaws whatsoever, but internal flaws she 
had in abundance. She sighed when she saw the beautiful reflection that was placed 
before her. She knew what she was, but she could not stop it until her master willed it so. 
She had to get rid of Ryoko in order to save her own life. She picked up a brush from her 
vanity set and started to brush her long purple locks. In the middle of brushing, her 
reflection faded from the mirror and her master appeared before her. She set down the 
brush and nodded to the entity within the mirror.

"Your Grace, what type of honor do I have of receiving you this time?" she inquired 
honestly.

"Queen Ayeka, you have done well so far. Make sure that Ryoko cannot save Tenchi. 
She will probably try and use your own sister against you. Here is a potion. Once your 
sister is asleep, I want you to slip a little bit of it into her mouth. This will make her go 
against Ryoko," the entity said.

Ayeka looked at the potion on her vanity set with fear. "My sister will not die from this, 
will she?"

"No, the potion is completely safe. It will wear off after about a day of usage in the body. 
No harm will come to your sister if you use this," replied the entity.

"Thank you, Your Grace," she replied with relief in her voice. "Tell me something. Why 
won't you ever reveal yourself to me? I don't even know who you really are."

"Would you feel more comfortable if I did so?" the entity asked. Ayeka nodded her head 
swiftly. "Very well, I am Chaos," the voice boomed.

Ayeka trembled. "Cha...Cha...Chaos?!! What could you possibly want with me?!"

Chaos smiled at her sinisterly. "Oh nothing much, just...your soul!"

Ayeka's golden choker started to glow. She felt herself suffocate and when he finally 
released her, she was his tool and devoid of any emotions. Her eyes were still crimson 
colored, but they lacked the life that they once held. She looked at Chaos with her lifeless 
eyes. She was now under his full and total control.

"I await your orders, Sir," she said in a monotone sounding voice. 

He looked at her and grinned. 'Things are going to be different from now on.'

In another dimension, the three goddesses, Washu, Tokimi, and Tsunami were shocked 
when they find out that Chaos was the one possessing Ayeka.

"Now what are we gonna do? Chaos is the most powerful entity in the Universe!" Washu 
cried out.

"Calm down, sister. Complaining about will only make matters worse," soothed 
Tsunami.

"How can it get any worse?!" shouted Washu.

Tokimi was pensive. She was also very much socked by Chaos' actions, but she never 
did react with as much emotion as her two other sisters did. She looked at the situation 
objectively and found that Chaos' motives were to gain more power. 

'That greedy son of a bitch. When will he know when to stop?' Tokimi observed 
mentally.

"Sisters, the reason he's doing this isn't complicated at all. He's just doing it for his own 
personal self-gain. He wants the powers of the chosen ones," Tokimi affirmed.

"That sick bastard! He above all Mystics should know better," Washu exclaimed.

"Yet, he is the most corrupt Mystic," Tsunami added.

"It is time that we took matters into our own hands. We must prepare for war against 
Chaos," Tokimi proclaimed.

"WHAT! Have you gone mad?! There is no way in hell that we can beat him! He's 
literally indestructible!" Washu protested. 

"Ah! Well, that's where you're wrong, sister dear," Tokimi said smugly.

"Huh? What do you mean?" Washu asked curiously.

"You can be so naïve at times. Washu, it's common knowledge that every single god or 
goddess have a weakness," started Tokimi.

"I know that, Tokimi! But, what does this have to do with Chaos?!" she cried out, 
perplexed.

Tokimi shook her head. She knew that her sister was genius, scientifically speaking, but 
when it came to matters of common knowledge, she was just simply unintelligible. 

"Washu, Chaos is the major god. He is the one who created us all in the first place and 
being a lesser god or a major god makes no difference. He's still a god and that means 
that he does have weaknesses," Tokimi stated plainly.

"So, how do we find out his weakness?" Washu asked, now calmer.

Tokimi gave her sister a knowing look. "How do you think?"

Washu's eyes became as wide as saucers. "Nu-uh. I'm not doing that! There is no way in 
hell I'm going to do that!" 

Tokimi sighed heavily. "Washu, come on. It's the only way. Besides, it wasn't that bad 
last time, now was it?"

Washu glared at her sister. "It was that bad last time. What makes you think that it'll be 
any better this time?"

Tsunami looked at her two siblings arguing and sighed. She wished that she could do 
something to help out, but at this point the plan was out of her hands. She looked at the 
two again and an idea came to her.

"Tokimi, Washu! I have an idea!" Tsunami cried out.

The elder siblings stopped arguing and looked at their youngest sibling. "Well, what did 
you come up Tsunami?" asked Washu.

"Why don't you both do it?" she asked innocently.

Washu smirked. "That might not be a bad idea."

Tokimi looked at her two other sisters in horror. "No! I am not doing that!"

"Oh...but it's ok that I have to do it...right?" Washu asked indignantly.

"I never said that!" Tokimi cried.

"Oh, but I think you did," replied Washu.

Tokimi gave her sister an evil look. "Why must I do it too?"

"Because you suggested it! Duh!" said Washu.

"I suggested that you do it! I never meant to get myself involved!" she argued.

"Yes, but that was before Tsunami came up the brilliant idea that we both should do it," 
replied Washu.

Tokimi sighed. She knew that she couldn't get angry at Tsunami for trying to make them 
compromise. She looked at Washu and nodded her head.

"Fine, I'll do it," she complied unhappily. 

Washu had a grin on her face, which refused to go away any time soon. She did know 
that she and Tokimi would have to wait for the perfect time before they could go in for 
the kill on Chaos.

Ryoko looked at the plans she had laid out in order to save her Tenchi. She went over 
them by herself so many times that she thought that her head would start spinning. She 
also decided that this was a mission that she would have to pull on her own. She rolled up 
the plans that lay on the floor in her home and tied them up with a string. She smiled 
happily at the thought of seeing her husband again. Ryoko decided to rest up that night 
before she went to save her husband because she was terribly exhausted from dealing 
with the plans that she had laid out. She planned on sleeping peacefully that night 
because she knew that when she woke up, she would be one more step nearer to rescuing 
her husband.

That night, back at the Fairy Palace, Ayeka crept into her little sister's room while she 
was asleep. She the bottle of potion wrapped tightly in one of her hands. She looked 
down at the innocently sleeping form of her younger sibling. She bent down next to 
Sasami's bed carefully, making sure not to wake her. She opened up the potion bottle and 
then gently opened up Sasami's mouth. She poured just enough of the liquid down 
Sasami's throat before she pulled away. She then put the cap back on the potion bottle 
and got up from her kneeling position. She walked towards the door silently, but before 
she left Sasami's room, she looked back at her sleeping sister with a smile forming on her 
lips.

"Sweet dreams, Sasami," whispered Ayeka.

Tenchi had fallen asleep. He wanted to stay awake, but with the amount of excitement 
going on right then, he couldn't find the strength to stay up. Right then, in the midst of 
his peaceful slumber, he heard shoes clanking on the floor. He woke up and rubbed his 
eyes. He looked forward and saw Queen Ayeka in there. He cursed inwardly at her 
disturbing his sleep, but kept his mouth shut. Ayeka walked towards the cell where 
Tenchi was being held and looked down at his sitting position.

"Your wife has no possible way of rescuing you now," she said softly, but evilly.

He glared at her. "Don't worry. She'll find a way even if you did do something that was 
overly drastic."

Ayeka laughed softly. "Oh, I honestly doubt it. Your wife is so innocent and naïve that 
she won't even dare to think twice about what I could be planning!"

Those words rang a cold truth in them, but he hoped that for Ryoko's sake that Queen 
Ayeka would be wrong just this once. He sighed heavily as the Fairy Queen made her 
way out of the holding room Tenchi was in. He honestly hoped that Ryoko had thought 
this through and wouldn't do anything to unintentionally harm herself. He prayed to the 
gods that they might keep her safe.

Ryoko woke up the next morning and walked outside with her plans in hand. She had a 
determined look painted upon her face. She knew the risk of what she was about to do, 
but she didn't care. She was going to save Tenchi even if it cost her life to free him. She 
teleported to the banks of the Fairy Nation and there she would begin her journey to save 
Tenchi and declare war on her arch nemesis Ayeka.













