Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. They are the sole 
property of AIC/Pioneer.

A/N- The characters are again OOC, but their OOC characteristics fit the criteria of this 
story.



The Land Of Fairy Tales Come True
Chapter Five


“It looks as though the situation has been fixed, for now,” Tsunami told her two sisters.

“We still need to train them for the inevitable war, however,” said Tokimi.

“Yes, that we cannot escape, even if we tried,” said Tsunami.

“When shall the training begin?” asked Washu.

Tsunami thought for a moment and then said, “Tomorrow at noon.”

“I shall follow you then, Tsunami, for my charge lives along with yours,” Washu said 
logically.

“And I shall go to Lady Ayeka’s palace,” said Tokimi.

“Now that we’ve got all of that straightened out, I suggest that we three rest up before 
tomorrow. We are most definitely going to need our strength if we’re going to be training 
those three. Tsunami, you are going to need the most rest, considering whom you’re 
going to have to train,” said Washu.

Tsunami nodded and then the three of them went of to rest for the next day.

Back at Ayeka’s palace, there was a loud knock on the palace door. Sleepily, Ayeka 
woke up and trudged to the door, rubbing her red eyes all the way there.

Ayeka then opened the door and asked, “May I help you?”

“Lady Ayeka, have I come at an inconvenient time?” the person asked.

“Umm…I was sleeping, but it’s all right. What is it that you need?” she asked.

“Do you not recognize me?” the person asked.

Ayeka focused her eyes on the figure in front of her and then her eyes widened 
considerably.

“Lord Kagato?!” she exclaimed.

“Why are you so surprised, Lady Ayeka?” he asked.

“What are you doing here at this time of the night?” she asked him.

“I came to tell you that the attack on Ryoko’s kingdom will take place in two days,” he 
said.

Ayeka’s eyes grew even bigger. “What did you say?”

Kagato looked at her puzzled. “Isn’t that what you ordered, my Lady?”

“I never ordered you to do that! I demand that you do not do it at all!” she yelled, 
furiously.

“Have you made peace with Ryoko?” he asked, snidely.

Ayeka’s eyes narrowed. “What business is it of yours?”

“Well, you did promise to pay me handsomely for annihilating the little bitch,” he said.

“How dare you speak of my friend in such a manner?!” she asked, angrily.

Kagato’s lips then curled into a snarl. “It looks like you have re-allied yourself with her. I 
had such great hopes for you as well, Lady Ayeka.”

“What do you mean by that?” she hissed.

“You’ll figure it out real soon, Lady Ayeka,” he said, lowly.

Ayeka glared at him as he left the palace grounds. As soon as Ayeka has closed the door, 
Kagato then saw a figure walk to him.

“She got her memories back, didn’t she?” the figure asked him.

“So it would seem,” said Kagato.

“Even so, I honestly doubt that both Ayeka’s and Ryoko’s powers combined will be able 
to defeat the two of us,” said the figure.

“Victory is well assured, but what about the mortal?” asked Kagato.

“Leave him be. He has no powers, so he can be of no harm to us,” said the figure.

Kagato sighed. “If you say so.”

“However, if it gives you comfort, eliminate him as well,” the figure said, evilly.

“Shall we attack soon?” asked Kagato.

“The day after tomorrow is when we shall attack,” said the figure.

“Very well. That will give me enough time to prepare my men for the war,” said Kagato.

“Do a good job and I shall reward you even more handsomely than Lady Ayeka ever 
could,” said the figure.

“It shall be done,” Kagato said with a bow.

They then both vanished from sight.

Back inside of Ayeka’s palace, inside of her bedroom, Ayeka couldn’t fall asleep again. 
She kept on twisting and turning, for sleep was giving her unimaginable nightmares.

“Sister?” said a young, female voice at her bedroom door.

“Sasami, what are you doing out of bed?” asked Ayeka as she walked up to the door.

“I couldn’t sleep because you were making weird noises all night long,” said Sasami.

“I’m sorry, Sasami. I was just having some bad dreams, that’s all,” said Ayeka.

“Could you tell me about them?” asked Sasami.

Ayeka looked unsure. “Now, I don’t want you to get nightmares, too. Are you positive 
that you want to hear them?”

Sasami nodded and Ayeka sighed.

“Very well, but don’t say that I didn’t warn you,” said Ayeka.

“Yippy! Story time!” Sasami yelled eagerly as she crawled onto Ayeka’s bed and next to 
her sister.

Ayeka shook her head, amused at her sister’s behavior. She then began to tell Sasami 
about her nightmare.

“In my nightmare, our kingdom was at war,” she started.

“At war with whom?” asked Sasami.

“A very evil force, Sasami,” she said. “Anyway, our kingdom was allied with Ryoko’s 
and we were fighting this evil with all our might, not knowing what it was.”

“You didn’t know what sort of evil it was?” asked Sasami.

“No, we didn’t. We just fought it, until it finally decided to show us its identity,” said 
Ayeka.

“Who was it?” asked a wide-eyed Sasami.

Ayeka inhaled deeply and said, “Chaos.”

Sasami gasped at what her sister had told her. Ayeka then continued by saying, “After 
revealing himself to us, he slaughtered us, one by one.”

“How could something like that happen?” asked a bewildered Sasami.

“I don’t know, but the three goddesses were there, as well,” said Ayeka.

“What were they doing there?” asked Sasami.

“Trying to protect us, but they were killed as well,” said Ayeka.

“Are you sure that this is just a nightmare and not a premonition?” asked a very 
frightened Sasami.

Ayeka raised an eyebrow at her little sister. “I told you that you would be scared, but no, 
it was not a premonition from what I could tell. It was just a bad dream.”

“Ayeka, can I please sleep with you tonight?” Sasami pleaded. “I’m too scared to sleep 
by myself, right now.”

Ayeka gave her sister a half smile and sighed. “Sure.”

Sasami gave a little cheer and then settled down in Ayeka’s bed and curled up right next 
to her sister.

“Good night, Ayeka,” said Sasami as sleep finally claimed her.

“Good night, Sasami,” Ayeka whispered gently to her already sleeping sister.

Ayeka was still not asleep as she thought, ‘Why? Why would I dream about something 
like that? What is Sasami was right about it being a premonition? I just hope that it was 
only a bad dream.’

Ayeka then fell into a dreamless sleep.

Back at Tenchi and Ryoko’s home, Tenchi and Ryoko were just arriving at their home 
from Ayeka’s palace.

“I’m glad that you’re back,” Ryoko said sincerely as they walked into the house.

“I’m glad to be back,” he told her with a smile.

“Tenchi, now that you know Ayeka’s true self, what do you honestly think of her?” asked 
Ryoko, hesitantly.

“She’s a very nice person, Ryoko. She seems like an excellent ruler, as well,” said 
Tenchi.

“She is,” said Ryoko in reply.

“I just don’t understand what happened to her,” said Tenchi, confused.

“I only know that it has something to do with Chaos,” said Ryoko, her brow furrowed.

Tenchi raised an eyebrow, curiously. “Chaos?”

“The highest of the gods, but very evil,” said Ryoko.

Tenchi blinked. “I see.”

“What would Chaos need with Ayeka?” Ryoko asked herself, furiously.

Tenchi just shrugged as he watched his wife pace back and forth. Just then, Ryoko 
stopped pacing and her eyes widened.

“Of course! Why didn’t I see it before?!” Ryoko exclaimed.

“See what?” asked Tenchi.

“That Chaos was using Ayeka to get to me,” she said.

“Why would he want to do that?” asked Tenchi.

“To take over both kingdoms, in my opinion,” she replied.

“That’s sneaky,” Tenchi commented.

“Mmhmm, very sneaky,” Ryoko agreed.

“Do you think that he’ll try to get you and Ayeka, again?” Tenchi asked in a worried 
voice.

“Most likely. I know that Tsunami believes so,” said Ryoko.

“So all we can do is stay on guard, huh?” Tenchi asked.

“Yes, but we still can be much more prepared, just in case he decides to strike soon,” said 
Ryoko.

“What, like troops?” asked Tenchi.

“Yep! As soon as tomorrow rolls around, I’ll gather up my best military personnel and 
have them trained for war,” said Ryoko.

“That should work,” said Tenchi.

“It’d better, or I don’t know what I’ll do,” said Ryoko.

“Well, if we’re going to get up early tomorrow, I think that we should get some rest,” 
Tenchi suggested.

“You’re right,” said Ryoko.

Tenchi then lied down and then looked up at Ryoko expectantly as he patted the sleeping 
mat next to his and said, “Come on.”

Ryoko sighed and reluctantly lied down on her mat, which was next to Tenchi’s. She 
looked over at her husband and asked, “Do you think that we’ll make it through this?”

“I don’t know, Ryoko. If we try hard, however, and never give up, we’ll most likely 
come out as the victors,” said Tenchi.

“Maybe, Tenchi. Just maybe,” she said.

At that point, they both fell asleep; unaware of how big the next day would be to them.

  











 








