Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. 
They are the sole property of AIC/Pioneer.
A/N- The characters are again OOC, but their OOC characteristics fit 
the criteria of this story.



The Land Of Fairy Tales Come True
Chapter Four


Ryoko walked carefully towards the Fairy Palace, not expecting that 
Ayeka was already ready for her. She was confused that the guards were 
not outside of the palace keeping watch, but she let it slide. She 
entered the palace with ease so far, that is until...

"Halt!" a voice, shouted from behind her.

Ryoko turned around slowly and saw none other than Ayeka's little 
sister Sasami there. Perplexed, she walked up to the little girl, 
hoping to understand just exactly what was going on.

"Hey, Sasami! Could you do me a favor? Could you help me find my 
husband Tenchi? Your sister kidnapped him from me and I've come here to 
break him out. Could you help me, Sasami?" Ryoko pleaded.

Sasami's eyes held no feeling in them, just a deep void of nothingness. 
Ayeka's eyes had taken on the same effect the night that Chaos revealed 
himself to her. Sasami was now technically under Chaos' control, but 
fortunately for her, the effect would wear off sooner than the control 
her sister was under.

"You have made my sister Ayeka suffer a vast deal, Queen Ryoko. I will 
not help you and I certainly will not let you pass any further, so that 
you can get to her. You deserve all of the pain she's putting you 
through," said a controlled Sasami.

Ryoko looked at the little girl who was her friend, sadly. 'Why is she 
acting like this? She would never say these things to me. There's 
something wrong here.'

Ryoko's eyes narrowed as they took a closer look at Sasami's face. She 
looked normal, but something seemed out of place. Ryoko finally spotted 
the problem. Sasami's eyes were blank. There was no feeling in them and 
this gave Ryoko the suspicion that Sasami's older sister Ayeka had 
something to do with this. Ryoko sighed and put her hands on the little 
girl's shoulders. Sasami didn't move at all, but instead, she just 
stood there like a statue. There were no feelings flowing through her 
body at all. Ryoko then tried to get past Sasami, but Sasami detected 
Ryoko's movements and shocked her with Fairy Power. Ryoko, stung by 
Sasami's action, backed off and tried to think of another tactic of how 
to get past her. Ryoko couldn't believe that Ayeka would use her own 
sister as a shield. 

'What a coward,' thought Ryoko. 'To imagine that she would stoop as low 
as this to get to me.'

"Ok, Ayeka, show yourself!" she bellowed. 

As if on cue, Ayeka appeared right in front of her. She was, as usual, 
regally dressed, but something didn't seem right with her. Ryoko 
examined her face and gasped. She had the same expression of emptiness 
on her face that Sasami had. Ryoko didn't understand what was going on, 
but she was willing to find out.

"Ok, Ayeka, I know there's something fishy going on, so tell me what it 
is," demanded Ryoko.

Ayeka didn't respond, she only gave Ryoko a blank stare. Ryoko growled 
and tried again. "Damnit, Ayeka! Would you please answer me!"

Again, she received no response. She looked at Ayeka squarely when she 
noticed the golden metal choker on Ayeka's neck. She saw it glow and 
then she understood why Ayeka and Sasami were acting so strangely.

'Someone's controlling their minds. But who?' she wondered. She then 
heard a strange sound coming from behind her. She turned her head 
around slowly and saw a woman with blue hair in tails and dressed in 
blue robes coming towards her. The woman in blue stopped a few feet 
from where Ryoko was standing. Ryoko couldn't believe her eyes. It was 
the Goddess Tsunami of the Fairies. Ryoko fell to her knees and bowed 
to the beautiful and ethereal being before her.

"Arise, Queen Ryoko," Tsunami commanded gently. Ryoko got up and looked 
at her. She didn't know why she was there, but she wouldn't question 
her.

"I guess you are wondering why I am here, right?" asked Tsunami. Ryoko 
only nodded her head. Tsunami graced her with a gentle smile as she 
proceeded to speak.

"I have come here to tell you that my sisters and I have figured out 
why Ayeka has been acting strangely these past ten years. She is being 
controlled by Chaos," she said.

Ryoko's eyes widened. She couldn't believe that for all this time she 
thought that Ayeka was the villain when the real one was actually Chaos 
who was using Ayeka as his puppet. Ryoko was pissed, but for once not 
at Ayeka. She looked at her old friend with sorrow. If she ever got out 
of this state of mind, Ryoko would try and patch things up with her. 
She hated being her enemy. Ryoko flashed Tsunami a grateful smile, but 
that smile soon turned to a look of worry. 

"Tsunami, how can I reach my husband if I have Ayeka and Sasami 
blocking my way?" she asked desperately. 

Tsunami looked thoughtful and then said, "Ryoko, I can transport you to 
the holding place where his cell is, but I want you to stay there while 
I try and attempt to remove the controlling spells on Ayeka and 
Sasami."

Ryoko nodded her head and Tsunami, with a flash of light, made Ryoko 
vanish and appear before Tenchi. Ryoko ran over to the cell her beloved 
was caged in. She knelt down before it and started trying to break him 
out, but without any success. She just sat there looking at his 
peaceful face while he slept. 

'I hope that Tsunami hurries up,' she noted mentally.

Tenchi slowly opened his eyes. He couldn't believe that she was there, 
but she was. He got up from his laying position and sat up. Ryoko moved 
closer to the cell and stretched out her arms so that her hands could 
touch his. He pressed his own hands against hers and held them. They 
needed no words to communicate; they were just happy being in each 
other's presence. Ryoko pressed her face to the cell and Tenchi did the 
same. Their lips touched gently in a sweet kiss. Ryoko felt tears 
coming down her face. She wanted to get him out of there badly, but 
without help, that would be impossible. She broke away from the kiss 
and just held his hands. The two lovers just sat there gazing at each 
other for a long time. Ryoko then felt another presence in the room 
with them. When she turned around she saw none other than Tsunami.

"So, did it work?" Ryoko asked Tsunami.

Tsunami smiled a bit. "Yes, it worked, but don't think that Chaos is 
going to let you guys out of this that easily. I have Washu and Tokimi 
distracting him right now, so he shouldn't be in the way for a few 
days."

"What exactly are they doing? I didn't know that Chaos could be 
distracted," said a perplexed Ryoko.

"You would be surprised," said Tsunami, holding back a giggle.

Ryoko raised her left eyebrow, but said nothing in return. She just let 
Tsunami do all the talking.

"Anyway, I'll send Queen Ayeka up so that you may speak with her," said 
Tsunami.

Ryoko simply nodded as Tsunami went to fetch her. Ryoko looked back at 
her husband and sighed. This was going to be a long day.

Washu and Tokimi were not having the best day of their lives. They 
couldn't believe that they were doing what they were doing in order to 
distract Chaos. Their hands were all sticky. They couldn't take much of 
it anymore. They hoped that Chaos would not ask for more, but he did.

"One more time please? I beg you," he cried.

Washu groaned inwardly. She couldn't stand it anymore. She wanted 
Tokimi to go and please him, but she had walked out of the room 
unnoticed. Washu cursed her sister under her breath as went to please 
Chaos once more. Her poor hands were tired, but he didn't care. When 
Chaos wanted to be pleased, he would be pleased.

"Alright Chaos, but this is the last time, ok?" she asked pleadingly.

"Very well, Washu, but for now just do as I asked," said Chaos.

"Alright already!" she groaned. She went over to Chaos to finish the 
massage that he wanted so badly. 'How much more torture must I go 
through?' Washu wondered.

Washu applied more herbal lotion to his back. She massaged him for 
thirty more minutes and then stopped. She walked over to the front of 
him with a questioning look on her face.

"Well, are you satisfied?" she asked rather impatiently. 

"Quite, thank you," he replied gratefully.

With that, Washu speed walked out of the room. She was terribly annoyed 
with Chaos at this point, but she thanked the gods that at least this 
distracted him for a little while. She walked outside Chaos' palace and 
found her sister Tokimi waiting there for her.

"Took you long enough," she commented. Washu just glared at her younger 
sibling. They then both left for their own dimension. Once they 
arrived, they saw their younger sister Tsunami already there waiting 
for them. She smiled at them and told them about her success with 
Ayeka.

"It didn't take as long as I thought it would," Tsunami commented. 
"Maybe Chaos doesn't have as much use for her as we thought he did."

"Well, as long as she's normal again. That's all that matters," added 
Washu.

"Well, as you know, Chaos is bound to find out about this and when he 
does, it's going to be hectic," Tokimi noted.

The other two sisters nodded at Tokimi's comment. "So, what should we 
do?" inquired Washu.

"Nothing until Chaos strikes. We can't be sure when he will, but we 
must always be on guard," said Tsunami.

"Even if we do go into a war with Chaos, we can't beat him alone, no 
matter how powerful we are," said Washu.

"That's where Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka come into play. Since they are 
the chosen ones, then they should fight through most of this war 
together," said Tsunami.

"It sounds logical enough, but Tenchi isn't even trained for this kind 
of thing! How can we fight if one of our chosen ones is unable to 
fight?" asked a hysterical Washu.

"Don't worry about that, sister. I'm going to train him, I'm also going 
to let him have sword Tenchi. Ever wonder why he was a chosen one?" 
asked Tsunami with a sly smirk.

Her older sisters gasped at her comment. "So, you lured Tenchi here 
didn't you, Tsunami?" asked Washu.

"You could say that, but everything that happened afterwards were 
choices of his. I had no idea that he was going to fall in love with 
Ryoko and then bond with her. The only thing I did was bring him here, 
so that he could participate in the fated war against Chaos. Yes, dear 
sisters, I highly believe that there will be a war and the sooner we 
train our chosen ones, the better," said Tsunami.

"When do we train them?" asked Tokimi.

"As soon as Ryoko reconciles with Ayeka," said Tsunami with a smile.

The other sisters groaned at that statement. They personally believed 
that Ryoko was going to give Ayeka a hard time about being a witch to 
her these past ten years. They didn't know that Ryoko was going to be 
more than forgiving, thanks to Tsunami's explanation.

Back at the Fairy Palace, Queen Ayeka was lying on the ground and was 
very dazed. She got up slowly and shook her head a few times to get 
everything in focus. In front of her was the Elfin Queen, Ryoko, and 
somebody she had never seen before, locked in a cell.

"Oh, my head," moaned Ayeka. "What just happened? Ryoko, why are you 
here and who is that man?" asked a very confused Ayeka.

Ryoko looked at her old friend and smiled. She had tears coming down 
her cheeks as she ran towards Ayeka.

"Oh, gods! Ayeka, you're back! You really are back!" shouted a gleeful 
Ryoko.

Ryoko had Ayeka in a bone-crushing hug. She didn't quite understand 
what was going on, so Ayeka back away from the hug slightly, and gave 
her friend a half smile.

"Why are you acting like this, Ryoko? Did I go somewhere? Tell me, 
Ryoko, what is the fuss about?" asked Ayeka.

Ryoko walked out of the hug she had given Ayeka and looked Ayeka fully 
in the face. "Ayeka, for the past ten years you were not yourself. You 
were being controlled by a being far more powerful than any of us. This 
beings name is Chaos."

Ayeka looked at her friend in disbelief, but then Ryoko wouldn't lie 
about something like that. Ayeka gave her friend a thankful smile.

"Thank you for helping me through that time, Ryoko. You have always 
been a true friend to me," said a tearful Ayeka.

"Well, don't thank me too much. Tsunami was the one who took the spell 
off of you and Sasami for that matter. I just prayed that you two made 
it through the transition," said Ryoko.

"That doesn't matter, Ryoko. Even prayers are a good thing. Sometimes, 
they are the best thing," replied Ayeka.

"Ayeka..." a once and again tearful Ryoko trailed off. She couldn't 
find the words to reply to the comment that Ayeka had just made. She 
was speechless, besides, her tears had gotten the better of her.

"Enough crying, Ryoko! You're beginning to look and sound like your 
cousin Mihoshi," Ayeka said playfully.

Ryoko had to laugh at that comment. Her cousin had to be the biggest 
crier in the Universe. She was a blonde bubble head that usually 
screwed up everything everywhere she went. Everyone thought that it was 
impossible for the walking disaster named Mihoshi to be related to the 
Elfin Queen Ryoko, who was everything that Mihoshi was not, but alas, 
it was true.

Tenchi looked at the two friends with amusement. Ayeka wasn't so bad 
after all, actually, she was a very nice person. He waved to Ryoko and 
she gasped. She had nearly forgotten about her husband being locked in 
the cell, due to all of the excitement.

"Ayeka, may I introduce to you my husband Tenchi," said a proud Ryoko. 
Tenchi bowed to Ayeka respectfully and Ayeka smiled at him.

"Well, Ryoko, it looks like you have a very handsome bond mate," 
concluded Ayeka. "Tell me, when did you meet him?"

"Eight months ago," replied Ryoko.

"Eight months ago?! When did you two bond, pray tell?" she asked.

"A few days ago, if memory serves me right," said Ryoko.

"Well then Ryoko, once this whole ordeal with Chaos is over, I want to 
give you a royal wedding in my palace," said Ayeka.

"Ayeka, are you sure about that? You don't have to go through all that 
trouble for me," Ryoko responded quickly.

"It's no trouble, actually, I would be more than happy to do it," she 
replied smiling. "Besides, you are my best friend, are you not?"

Ryoko was about ready to cry again, but she quickly stopped herself. 
"Ayeka, do you know what a really big favor would be right now?"

Ayeka looked perplexed. "What is that?"

"Could you release my husband?" she asked, now amused.

Ayeka's eyes widened as she quickly nodded her head. With a wave of a 
hand, she released Tenchi from the cell. As soon as Tenchi was free, he 
ran over to Ryoko and started to hug her fiercely. He then cupped her 
face in his hands and gave her a very passionate kiss that threw Ryoko 
completely, but happily off guard. She returned the kiss with just as 
much passion. As soon as they pulled away they both blushed because 
they then realized that they had Ayeka watching them that whole time. 
Ayeka only gave them a happy smile.

"Well then, Ayeka, we'll be leaving now. We'll see you on the 
battlefield when we war against that bastard Chaos," said a grinning 
Ryoko.

"Really, Ryoko, such foul language," said Ayeka, now grinning as well.

"Don't you know it, Ayeka. Well then, we'll be seeing ya!" and with 
that, they left.

Ayeka was left there standing alone. She couldn't remember what had 
happened during the past ten years, but all she knew was that Chaos, as 
Ryoko said, was the cause of it. 

'Wherever you are Chaos, I wish an eternal slumber in Hell!' she 
growled mentally. She then went to look for her sister Sasami, for it 
was past the young girl's bedtime. 

As soon as she tucked Sasami into bed, she went to her own room to 
sleep. That night proved to much for her to handle and she was tired 
from all of the excitement. She finally settled herself into bed and 
fell asleep, happy.

The three goddesses were watching from their own dimension and they 
were smiling contentedly. They had accomplished what they thought was 
impossible.

Tsunami looked down at Ayeka's peaceful, slumbering face. Tsunami had a 
small smile on her face as she thought, 'Finally, things will normal 
again soon enough, but gods know that this is just the beginning of 
this journey.'












