            It was a typical day at the Masaki household.  Mihoshi and Kiyone 
were off patrolling some distant planet, Sasami was cooking some breakfast, 
Tenchi was out in the field,
picking carrots, Ryo-ohki not far behind, picking up any scraps.  Ryoko was 
watching some T.V. and occasionally would spat some witty comment, from which 
Ayeka would have to
retort, starting up a short-lived battle that would leave both a bit bruised.

Tenchi steps in from his daily chores, finding both Ayeka and Ryoko sprawled out 
on the couch.

"Ugh, you two.  Were you at it again?"

"She started it!" Spat Ayeka, in her normal, snobby, princessish way.

"I did not!  You were being all snobbish, like you normally are, and spouting 
something about how close you were related to those other ƒ?~RICH AND POPULAR' 
Jurian snobs. 
I'm fed up with listening to that bullshit!" Ryoko shot out, electricity 
shooting from her fingertips.

 

Tenchi sighed an anime sweat drop and looked to the side, at Ryoko who was 
grumbling quietly, mimicking Ayeka.

"Listen, why don't you both cool off, and watch some T.V?  Here, I'll set 
between you, so nothing could happen." Tenchi said, setting between Ryoko and 
Ayeka.

"Fine!" They both shouted in unison.  After a long pause, Tenchi decided to 
break the silence.

"So, what's on?" Tenchi said finally, breaking the silence. 

"Nothing, really...  just a bunch of old soap operas and some corny old 80's 
shows... " Answered Ryoko.

"Oh... " Tenchi said, lifting himself from his seat. "Well, I think I'll go and 
take a bath before breakfast is ready."

Oh, okay, Lord Tenchi." Ayeka said, lifting herself from her seat as well. "I 
think I'll go help Sasami cook... " She said, exiting into the kitchen.

Ryoko sighed, staring blankly at the television. 

            "What do I do wrong?" she thought quietly to herself.  "Why does 
Tenchi despise me so, that every time he takes Ayeka's side... ?" 

She sighed again, raising herself from her seat and walking outside to go for a 
brief stroll.

 

Tenchi was dumbfounded when he returned to find a house minus a Ryoko.

            "Where is she?" he thought.  "She's never late for dinner!"

            "I think I'll go and look for Ryoko, you guys." Said Tenchi at last.

            "Okay, Tenchi!" Sasami said in her normal cheery, high-pitched 
voice.

Tenchi took a long walk down the way where he usually walked on his way to 
school.  He looked high and low for Ryoko, but didn't spot her until he was 
coming back.  He spotted
her atop an old Cherry-Tree, her legs dangling gently in the nighttime breeze.  
He sighed, calling up to her.

            "Hey, Ryoko!" he said "Time to eat!"

            "I'm not hungry... " she responded, looking down the path, instead 
of at him.

He blinked, unsure of what was the matter.

            "Uh...  are you okay, Ryoko?" he asked.

She sniffled quietly, wiping her eyes on the sleeve of her kimono.

            "I'm fine... " she said, inbetween sobs.
He frowned, climbing up the tree, setting beside her.

            "Ryoko, what's the matter?" he asked, soothingly.

She looked up to him briefly and smiled a bit.

            "Tenchi... I just...  I ...  I love you... but you don't seem to 
love me... you love Ayeka.."
He smiled a bit, wrapping an arm around her, pulling her closer to him, which 
surprised her a bit, but made her happy none-the-less.

            "Ryoko, I have loved you since the day I first saw you... and, no 
matter what anyone says, I'll always love you... " he said, placing a small kiss 
on her cheek.

She turned red from shock and embarrassment.  Then buried her face in his 
shoulder and cried for several minutes.

            He stroked her hair softly, kissing her forehead.

            "Ryoko, I love you... " he said, after she had begun to calm down.

            "I love you, too... " she said, kissing him softly, the moon falling 
down beside them as their new-found love begins. 
