Clang.

	The sound grew louder, the soft pitter-patter and heavy 
breathing, drawing nearer to me.  What once sounded like someone 
walking was now a mad sprint, someone who didn't care if half the world 
heard him, as long as he got away from whatever he thought was chasing 
him.  The sound of boots and metal seemed to clash together in a loud 
bang, somewhat similar to say, when you rap on a metal tray or cooking 
pan.  Clang, Clang.  The sound drew even nearer, the paces were more 
spread out, the person was going for his all out sprint, possibly the 
person had been a regular athlete in their school.  But that wouldn't 
save them now, not from what was chasing them.

	The man quickly ducked into another metallic room, and I heard 
more pitter-patter, only from many more men this time.  They ran in a 
unison formation, feet hitting the floor at the same time, a slightly 
different, almost more pleasing sound came from them.  Clop, Clop, 
Clop.  I watched as they passed the room the running man had found 
sanctuary in, and watched as they ran by where I stood, making eye 
contact with me, but they took no attention to me, they just ran off.

	The noise died down, and all you could hear for a second was 
absolute silence, I looked over to the door of the room the man had 
ducked into, and saw five fingers grasp the frame, a small head peaked 
out and looked side to side, and then his eyes which seemed to sparkle 
at the sight of hope came on me.  The man smiled with great relief, and 
ran over to me.

	With a smile back I took a step towards him, and greeted him.  
But before we could shake hands he fell to his knees in exhaustion and 
looked up at me, "thank god you're still alive," he said to me.

	I managed another smirk and patted his hair, reassuring him that 
everything was all right.  But before I managed to calm him down his 
mouth went on a rambling about the attack, and the 'others', it annoyed 
me, I thought he had managed to regain his cool.

	I looked down on the crewman has he stood up to his feet, he was 
a head shorter then me, which was odd since I'm pretty much average 
height.  His eyes conveyed emotion, "I'm glad we're still alive" they 
said, and I tried to do the same back, but his eyes suddenly flashed in 
fear at my own, for they realized my intention.

	The last thing Ensign Seyama felt was a blunt and cold metal 
object jabbing into his chin, the last thing Ensign Seyama heard was a 
faint clicking, and the last thing Ensign Seyama ever did, was spill 
his brains out into the metal halls of the Juraiin ship Gannan
	
And this is merely the prologue.




	
