Hey this is basically a story of Ryoko and Washu trying to make a
mother/daughter bond while
Ryoko has memories come back to her. Peeps this is my second i have written
so bear with me. If
you don't like to see Ryoko cry about Washu please don't read this.
If you have any questions or comments email at Demonsummonor@aol.com.

Disclaimer : I DO NOT  own any tenchi muyo or any other anime charaters. I
do
not get paid for
doing this ....I only to this cause i am bored and its fun to write.

                      What does it mean to have a mother

It was a bright and beautiful morning in the masaki home. Tenchi woke up to
the usual fighting
of Ayeka and Ryoko. Kiyone had to dig Mihoshi out of her tv show space
police
police men.Washu
was in her lab. And Nobouki was reading hentai comics.
"Ryoko unhand Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka screamed at the top of her lungs . Ryoko
shepishly looked at
Ayeka and said" Oh princess don't let your face look like that you'll ruin
your wrinkles!" Akeka
Screamed. "Let go of him ! Now ! " Ryoko was frozen at a thought .  <Its
almost mother's day.>
She let go of Tenchi and phased through the ceiling.

She flew far beyond the house to her favorite
tree .  Sadly she sat on it's lowest branch. <I cannot face her...I don't
even like her!>Ryoko
looked at the sky sadly remembering a day . <what does it mean to have a
mother...?>

(scenery changes to a dim lighted room full of gadgets and computers )
"Ohh come on my little Ryoko....you can do it ..." said a adult Washu
looking
at  a 5 or 6
year old Ryoko from a corner. The little Ryoko nodded in agreement. She
closed her eyes and
concetrated. In very few moments a red glow of energy was created in the
palm
of Ryoko's hand.
"I did it ..I did it .." Ryoko said in glee. Washu looked at the girl
waiting
for something more
"Now Ryoko concetrate." Ryoko nodded again and did as told. Soon she closed
her hand into a fist
and her famious energy sword was formed for the first time.Ryoko let it go
and ran to her mother
and hugged her tightly saying " I did it ..Did you see mommy?" Washu nodded
"Yes sweetie I did"

(Memory fades and Ryoko is sitting on the tree branch)

"..Mmmm..." Ryoko wondered if that is what it meant to have a mother. <Maybe

I can think
better if I go by my cave agian.She lifted herself off the tree branch and
flew toward her cave
where bad memories layed. When she reached her cave she didn't really want
to
go any furthur than
where the grass met the rock area. This place gave her the shivers . The
only
good part of it was
this is where she had good times watching Tenchi play and run through his
life. <*groan* I didn't
want to come here>
She went and sat on her rock and thought about something that had happen to
her while training
under Kagato.

(Scene changes to a training room that is dark and scary looking)

"Now Ryoko! Now ! " Kagato leaned forth and shot a energy blast toward
Ryoko.
Ryoko flinched and
fell backward. "You stupid creature...what would your mother think...please
a
demi goddess. Ha"
Ryoko weakly and slowly got up and waited for a response from Kagato.She
kept
quiet knowing her
silence will do her some good.Kagato shot another blast but this time
instead
of ignoring it and
letting it hit her she blocked it . "Ahhh!" Ryoko powered up but Kagato
stole
the advantage.
"Here Ryoko a present from your mother!"  Kagato kicked Ryoko as hard as he
could in her stomach
leaving her to waste. "Ugh...*cough,cough* .." Ryoko coughed up blood. "You
know Ryoko ...Since
you plan to die I might as well tell you .....I killed your mother...Now you

will never see her
again...! Hahahahahahah !" Kagato laughed a evil laugh that seemed to make
Ryoko stronger.Her
rage grew and grew. She couldn't take it . She loved her mother so much she
would do anything for
her. She slowly and weakly got up to her knees powering up as much as she
could. Kagato laughing
his head off did not see this manuver. Ryoko's three real gems glowed a
magnifacent bright red
glow.Ryoko took out her red energy sword, and aimed it at kagato (who was
still laughing like a
psycho-path). "Ahhhhhhhh......! " Ryoko cut right though Kagato, But likly
knew it was his
shadow she returned her attention to the real one. "Well Ryoko just like
your
mother..."

(Memory fates )

"Oh...Kagato ..how can I stay angry at you..after all because of you I had
met
Tenchi..." Ryoko lays on the rock and closes her eyes.<Oh..what will happen
mother?> In that
instint Ryoko hears a familer voice from the backround. "What do you think
will happen little
Ryoko?" Ryoko turns around to see Washu . "Blast that link , Washu!"
Washu smiles a evil smile and says "I know it can be so annoying sometimes
Huh?" Ryoko smirks.
"What ever!What do you want?" Washu looks at Ryoko.
"What do you mean ? You called me." Ryoko looked at her as if she was right.

"Yeah so ..? You know everything?" Ryoko looks at her .
"Yes of course I do. After all I am the scienctific guiness in the
universe."
Ryoko turns away
from Washu , unsure of what to say.
"You know Ryoko , before you were captured by Kagato we used to share
everything together.."
Ryoko turned around to see Washu crying."Uh...Washu...hey come on ...I don't

do good with
crying.." Ryoko looked sad that her mother was crying.
"Ryoko ...I still remember the day you were captured...you think I wasn't
there for all your
adventures but I was..." Washu turned to Ryoko." You know ...Ryoko ...I may
be the scienctific
guiness of the universe but there may be one thing I will never be ..."Ryoko

looked even more
sadened than before. " Your mother..." Washu sobbed in her hands and Ryoko
was at a loss.
This was one thing Ryoko could not solve . She didn't want to see Washu like

this . "Washu!"
Washu looked up to see her daughter dead serious."Stop this ! now! I thought

you were stronger
than this ...Washu ! "  Washu looked at the ground sadly . For a couple of
moments there was
silence. The spring breeze was in the air and both mother and daughter could

hear laughter from
the Masaki home. Then after a few minutes of silence Ryoko began to talk. "
You know Washu ..
when children grow up ...they have a dream ...some to be famious ..others to

marry and have a
big family .... mine was to find out who I was...when I went to do missions
there was always
some one who knew you...as the greatest scientific guiness in the universe
or the one who destroyed the Science Achedamy. I always thought of you as
the
greatest person who could be in my life..Tenchi is
first." Ryoko looked away from Washu who was in tears.
After a few more moments of silence Washu spoke. " Did they really say to
you
I destroyed the
Science Achedamy? " Ryoko looked at her and laughed .
"Yeah ...they did ...I remember once..I was walking down this street of this

planet and one or
two boys called out ...'Hey did you ever hear of the wacko who destroyed the

Science Achedamy?'
or something like that . They would always mention your name..too" Both of
them laughed  for
hours not even once thinking about the others who were getting worried about

them but decided to
start eating without them. "Hey Washu ..Thank you for being there these days

." Washu got up and
said ." No problem my little Ryoko. " Ryoko smirked at what she called her
but ignored it .
"You know I don't really want to go back home just yet ...I think i'll go to

the osen for a
while , wanna come? " Washu looked at Ryoko shocked at the offer.
"Uh...sure why not ? Let's go . "

On the way there Ryoko was thinking to herself. <I now know what it means to

have a mother. And
My mother will always be Washu...no matter what and I'll do my best to never

let her leave my
life every agian..>
Washu heard every word and smiled . <Yes Ryoko ..I'll do the same
....forever
....>

Whatcha think ? It was kinda short , sorry ...I'll try to make the next
chapter longer.
Well E-mail me and tell me what you thought of it or if you have any
questions.

      DemonSummonor@Aol.com

Next Chapter : The Lady of The Past

Disclaimer : I DO NOT own any of the Tenchi Muyo or any other anime
charaters. I ONLY
do this cause it's fun to write and cool to think of anime this way...I Do
Not get paid for any
of this ...so don't sue me!  }:(
