Between Light and Shadow
Name and Deed:

        It is a time of darkness, a time of chaos, where two forces are
locked in a timeless battle of fits and power.  The prize: Total
Control over the Universe.
        On one side of the battlefield lies the Goddess Tokimi, a mysterious
otherworldly entity who has manipulated the destiny of billions for
centuries.  She has chosen to side her considerable power with the
Jurai Empire, a feudal government whose very power-base is unknown
even to their leaders.
        On the other side of the conflict, is the enigmatic Shadow Player, a
creature of chaos and order, darkness and goodness, unfathomable to
the universe, and whose power has shifted the fates of entire
galaxies.  His power is secretly backing the Galactic Assembly and
their so-called peaceful, open-handed power structure.
        Held between these two forces, on a lone and distant planet called
Earth, are a handful of people.  Each person holds within themselves
an untapped potential, be it physical, mental, or purely spiritual.
These potentials are under the constant manipulations of the two
players, forever being tossed into situations they do not understand.
All while trying to live a psuedo-normal life in a place called the
Masaki Shrine.

Book 18: Lifelines
By
Ryan Norman

18A:  Lost and Found

Chapter One: The Emperor, the Goddess, and the Pact

        Emperor Azusa stood at the threshold of his Throne Room, looking out
over the ancient banister of the porch, watching over the great city
of Jurai Prime, his great city, the capital city of the Jurai Empire,
his Empire.  He smiled inwardly at how great his city, his Empire, had
become.  It took many thousands of years, many wars, and much
bloodshed to make it so, but to him, it was worth it.
        "Sire, you have a meeting with the Inner Court in two hours.  Also,
Lady Funaho wishes to speak with you about planetary defense.  She has
arranged a dinner for the two of you at 2700 to discuss this," a man
spoke from behind the Emperor.
Azusa turned and stared at the man.  He was pathetically small and
subservient.  His entire life was designed to serve the Royal Family.
His beady little eyes conveyed the fear that the man felt as he stared
up at his Emperor.
"Yes, yes, I know, Courier Tureil," Azusa answered, his voice was
proud and strong, ample proof, at least, in his own mind, of just how
great he truly was.
"I was just reminding you, my Lord…" the man shivered as he spoke, the
fear had spread throughout his body, turning his skin pale and his
forehead began to sweat.
"Is that everything, Tureil?" Azusa asked, his voice bordering on
anxiety.
"Uhm, Princess Ayeka would like to see you sometime today, as would
Lady Misaki.  They said something about…"
Azusa looked at the man angrily, a few stray sparks flinging from his
eyes.  "I understand, Tureil.  Now leave!" he spoke harshly, almost
growling.  His voice conveyed a great anger upon the man.
"Yes, my Lord," the Courier answered.  He wasted no time in fleeing
from the room, all pretense of formality emptied from him.
Azusa would have laughed at the actions of the Courier had he not done
similar things to others like him a thousand times before.  His life
was becoming tedious, boring, as the years stretched farther and
farther apart.
"Sire, was that not inappropriate for you to do?" a young woman asked,
stepping up to him.
Azusa smiled at the woman's courage.  She was pretty, if not
beautiful, and she wore the loose-fitting raiments of a Royal Advisor
proudly and with great dignity.  [Ah, if I were only three-thousand
again, I would take this lovely young thing,] he thought to himself,
letting loose a simple sigh.  "And whatever might you be referring to,
Advisor Maetel?"
The woman did not back down, she stared into Azusa's eyes without
fear.  "You used your energies to put the fear of God into that poor
man," she answered cooly.
[Ah, this one has learned much of the Power,] Azusa thought.  It did
not worry or annoy him, merely amused him, as not much did amuse him
anymore.  "How do you know that he did not naturally run, eh?"
"He's one of the best Couriers in the Empire, Sire.  He does not
easily scare," Maetel shot back.  Her eyes never wavered from his.
"Only the famed Power of the Jurai Royal Family could do such things
to a man with an iron will like his."
"You're very good, Advisor Maetel," Azusa complimented.  "I did
manipulate him, actually.  I wanted him out of my sights.  The same as
I wish for you.  I choose to be left alone for now.  So please leave
my presence."
"But, Sire, Princess Aye…"
Azusa cut her off fiercly.  "I said, leave, Maetel!" he nearly shouted
as he spoke, swiping his arm through the air angrily.
"A… As you wish, Sire," Maetel answered hesitantly, her strong
defenses having been shattered.  She bowed before the Emperor, her
legs wobbling with fear, then quickly composed herself and led the
other Advisors out of the Throne Room.
Azusa stared longingly at the empty chamber.  He walked up to his
throne and brushed a hand across its smooth surface.  He examined the
magnificently carved throne, which he knew was crafted out of the
living Tree of Jurai itself so many eons ago.  He knew that the throne
he sat atop so many hours at a time was the same one past Emperors had
sat upon, ever since the first.  His mind could recall every meeting,
every decision, every word he had ever spoken on that throne.
Sometimes, at night, he could swear he heard the voices of the former
Emperors, his ancestors, counciling him on his Empire and how to run
it properly.  Some of his greatest decisions were made based on his
departed ancestor's advice.
The Emperor carefully examined the intricate green Widow-Stain glass
ceiling of which the powerful Jurai sun shone through every day, and
the ivory floor, which shined like silver every night with the weak
light of the Jurai moon.  He recalled all the past ceremonies and
victories celebrated between them.  He was annointed Emperor in this
room.  He declared war on the Galactic Assembly in this room, and
declared peace a decade later in the same spot.  He'd fought more than
a dozen assasins in this room, barely escaping on quite a few
instances.  Every night, he stared out at the sleeping Jurai Prime
from the room, every day, he held meetings with commerce and tradesman
in there.  He christened his children in this room.  Once, he even
made love to his wife, Funaho, in this very room in the dead of night.
He sighed, frowning at what he saw.  All the glories were gone, all
the victories were over with.  There was no more war, no more battles
of succesion, no more births, and no more love.  Now, the throne room
was empty, save a lonely Emperor and his memories.  It had been this
way for centuries, and would stay this way for centuries more.  The
sameness of it all was infuriating, and became more so with each
passing day.
He tossed a glance at one of the comfortable padded pillows lining the
walls and it rose to the air.  He squinted evilly at the object,
scowling at its simplicity, and it burst apart, shredded into slivers
of Jurai red silk and Hevesh feathers.
"Finding your long life and infinite power to be boring, Emperor
Azusa?" a soft feminine voice asked, her voice emanating from all
corners of the room.
Azusa's eyes went wide and sweat beaded up on his forehead as the
voice struck him.  "Wha…  Who is this?  Who's there?" Azusa demanded
as he spun around.   He was desperate to find the one who broke the
sanctity of his throne room.  Yet he found no one, no creature, no
body, who dwelt within the room except his own.
"One who made an agreement with you long ago.  So very long ago," the
voice replied, its tone cool and deadly, like ice across his flesh.
"I have made no agreements with anyone!" Azusa screamed, sparks flying
from the sphere of energy he encased himself in.  He launched blast
after blast of his tremendous power through the air, striking walls
and gouging chunks out of them.  Servants and advisors screamed in
terror as they saw their mighty Emperor through the numerous holes.
"Who are you?!"
"Ah, but you have made an agreement with me, Emperor.  At least, your
blood has.  Your Ancestor, Keiyal the first Emperor of Jurai made a
pact with me many millenia ago, granting him the power you now wield,"
the voice told him.
"That is a lie!" Azusa defended.  "Keiyal found the world of JuraiHelm
and earned his birthright power by the Goddess!  He made no deal!"
"He did, Emperor.  He made a deal with me," the voice continued, the
chill of her words cutting at Azusa's very essence.  "I am the
Goddess, Emperor, and I have come to collect my reward from the
bargain."
"You speak madness!" Azusa cried out.
"No, I speak of Power, Emperor.  The Power which you have and wield.
Power which I gave to you, and others, in return for a favor to be
repayed down the line," the voice answered, becoming easier to locate
as the owner appeared before him.  She was immense, filling the throne
room from glass ceiling to ivory smooth tile flooring.  She wore
ribbons of energy across her smooth forehead and a gown of shimmering
silk flowed across her body.  Her long hair cascaded along her
shoulders, hiding much of her true features.
"You are the Goddess?" Azusa asked, for the first time in his life,
showing true fear.
"Yes," the being replied, "I am Tokimi."
"I refuse to believe this!" Azusa shouted at the image, trying to hide
the fear coursing through his blood.
"Your beliefs do not matter, Emperor.  Only your subserviance," the
being told him, her face never changing as she spoke in ways other
than speech.
"I will never serve you!" Azusa screamed in defiance.  "I am the
Emperor of Jurai!  I serve no one!"  He launched a bolt of pure
destructive force at the being, only to watch in shock and fear as it
was absorbed into the aura surrounding her.
"You can not fight your destiny, Emperor, no matter how hard you try.
I gave you your power, you can not hope to defeat me with the same.
You have served me in the past and you will serve me again, though it
be for the last time."
"I don't believe you!"
"Believe as you will, Emperor.  As I said before, it does not matter
to me.  You will repay me one way or the other."
"What do you mean?"
"I need your Power, Emperor," the being told him, holding out a hand
larger than him.  Sparks arched between her fingers and launched out
at him.
Azusa screamed as he felt his precious energies drain from him.  His
protective bubble faded away, dropping him uncerimonously on the
ground.  "You can't…" he blurted through the tremendous pain.
Tokimi did not notice his pleading, nor cared even if she had.  She
only continued with her speech as the torrents flowed through him.  "I
need your Life, Emperor."
The sparks increased in intensity, and Azusa could feel as the Black
Essence was drained from him.  His lungs went dry, preventing him from
screaming, allowing only a few faint gasps escape as the sparks
coursed through him.  "Please, no…"
Tokimi glared down at the miniscule creature she sapped energy from,
true contempt in her eyes.  The assault ended abruptly, leaving the
Emperor an empty piece of flesh and blood.  His eyes were white and
his skin was pale.  He still lived, however, and a breath still heaved
painfully through his lungs.  "And most importantly, Emperor, I need
your Daughter…" Tokimi told him, then vanished, leaving the
half-corpse of an Emperor behind.
It would be twenty minutes before the chaos lightened enough for the
servents to search the ruined Throne Room.  It would be another twenty
before they would find their Emperor.  It would only take a single
minute, however, before Princess Ayeka, Funaho, and Misaki were called.