TENCHI MUYO:  LIGHTHAWK LEGEND
Prologue

    Space is infinite. The galactic expanse is unfathomable, with its many
uncharted territories. Men have tried to find its boundaries for millennia,
and all have failed. The universe is infinite.

    What holds it together? This mass of energy and matter we call a
universe, what power can possibly keep it in check? Some attribute it to the
Great Attractor. What is this marvelous force? No one knows for sure. No
mortal has ever been able to reach it, and no mortal can ever control it.

    But Tokimi can.

     It is said that the Big Bang was a gigantic explosion that spewed
matter throughout the empty cosmos and gave birth to the galaxies. If so,
then where did the energy come from?

    A dream.

    Is the Great Attractor truly some magnetic force as science would
describe it, or does something else bind the stars to each other?

    Love.

    The Earth Dream Miracle

<<>>

    The Hinase was a wondrous ship, with its two dimensional spires and
glass-like living core. It's apparently wooden hull concealed a large
quantity of weaponry. The "good piracy" that it committed was done with
accurate, swift efficiency.
    Minagi lay back in her command chair and sighed. Pirating was always
fun, but it had been so long; so long since she had seen or heard of her
friends back on Earth. The Ryo-Ohki had not been seen for over a year, and
Ayeka and Sasami had returned to Jurai. Mihoshi and Kiyone had gone back to
work at the GP Headquarters, and Washu's dimension warping experiments had
disappeared. What had happened?
    "Hinase," Minagi said thoughtfully. "Set a course for Earth."
    "Yes, ma'am." the ship responded.
    As the cruiser sped through space Minagi had an awful feeling. Something
had happened. Something . . . evil.

<<>>

    "I've said it once, and I'll say it again." Washu stated as Tsunami
paced back and forth. "I'm not one of you any longer. You want my power?"
She thrust out three gems. "Here it is!"
    Tsunami glared at her. "Damn you, Washu. Stubborn as ever."
    Washu continued to frown in the blackness of the dream state as Tsunami
leaned over her. "Don't you understand? Tokimi has found her power! I can't
stop her alone." Tsunami knelt on one knee, unbecoming of a goddess.
"Please, sister. I need your help." Sasami's eyes returned to her face as
tears streamed down her cheeks. She looked fragile, despite her power, as a
doll looks when thrown and beaten. "I . . . I can't do this alone."
Washu opened her eyes and saw that it had been another dream. She wished
that she could have moved, but the crystal that surrounded her was airtight.
As she floated through space without meaning, she saw a shining blue jewel
in the distance.

    Earth.

<<>>

    Sasami looked into the pool of water that surrounded the tree of Tsunami
with blank, rose-colored eyes. The haunting green lights of the Jurai Tree
Chamber set her small form in a strange pose, almost as if she were hanging
from a cord strung high above, dead and still.
    "Sasami, what are you doing here?" a sleepy Ayeka inquired. "It's the
middle of the night, go back to bed."
    The response she received was one of the queerest things she had ever
heard.
    "I want to go to Tenchi's house; that's where Ryoko and all my friends
are."
    Ayeka smiled. Sasami must have been sleepwalking
    But Sasami continued with the same deathly expressionless face and the
same soul-wrenching eyes. "Tenchi's in trouble. I know he is."
    The warm atmosphere in the room dropped suddenly. It was freezing. As
Ayeka shivered in her thin nightgown, she felt the floor shifting beneath
her bare feet. Her long ponytails began to float and move of their own
accord, as if the gravity had been altered. She was beginning to become
afraid.
    Sasami continued in her hollow voice. "Tokimi's going to attack and we
won't be there to protect him. Tenchi's going to die."
    Tears streamed down Sasami's cheeks from the unblinking pools that were
her ghostly eyes. The eyes became darker and darker, and the light beams
that the trees produced at random intervals became more frequent.
    Suddenly, her expression changed radically. Her face twisted into a mask
of hate and malice as her new shouts echoed throughout the chamber. "My God,
don't you even care, Ayeka?! Don't you even care the least little bit?!"
    The floor was breaking apart and cracks ran up the walls. The lights
were fluctuating in time with Sasami's speech pattern and rainbow beams flew
and crackled in all directions.
    "Bitch!" Sasami screamed as Ayeka's face turned colorless with horror.
"You had to do it, didn't you?! You put us all to death! Traitor to your own
people! Death to the traitor, death to the traitor!"
    Ayeka was screaming at the top of her lungs as the roots of the trees
swept out and attempted to strangle her. Her desperate cry was cut off as
more roots encased her body. The lights resembled flames as Sasami, her
little 10-year-old sister's eyes turned red with blood lust, and smile of
cold justice illuminated her young face with a hellish orange glow. The
trees were almost chanting with Sasami as Ayeka's face turned to the epitome
of betrayal and horror.
Sasami's dead voice crashed against the walls and rebounded throughout the
palace as the strange spirit inside her attempted a final clash with
destiny. "To hell with you, witch! Burn in damnation!"
    Then, Ayeka was saved. The First Knights, Azaka and Kamidake rushed to
the scene. "Have at you, demon spirit!" they shouted as they fired twin
crimson and blue energy beams from their staffs. Sasami's body dropped to
the floor and a twisted, dark, gaseous shape expelled itself from her mouth.
It screeched in the air with a horrible cry as the First Knights obliterated
it with a mighty chi blast.
    The roots unraveled themselves from Ayeka and the lights returned to
normal. She fell into Kamidake's arms with a badly bruised neck and a body
that had almost been crushed.
    "Hurry, Kamidake!" Azaka called as he tended to Sasami. "Take her to the
doctor!"
    As Kamidake rushed off, Sasami awakened. She coughed and said weakly,
"Azaka? What did I do to Ayeka? What have I done?!"
    Azaka held her to his chest as she cried and sobbed in sorrow, and all
the time Azaka was wondering. Where did this evil thing come from? Even more
importantly, though, who sent it here? And for what purpose?

<<>>

    There was a boy prophesied in the chronicles of legend. It was said that
his strong voice would call all those chosen by destiny to defend the
universe from it's greatest peril.

That time is now.

The Earth Dream Miracle

Jurai Dream Saber

TENCHI MUYO

Can't escape it, ain't no use in trying.
You're no exception
Love will leave you crying too till
You are a broken man; poor you.

The day you see her, a lovely stranger,
You only pray you'll even know her name.
You finally touch her, then you're in danger;
It won't be long before you feel the pain.

Cause your emotions will overtake you;
You'll look for heaven in her big brown eyes,
But she's no angel and she'll forsake you.
It shouldn't come as any great surprise.

Passion isn't really happiness.
There is trouble in her sweet caress.
Lost in confusion, you'll drown in your delusion
If you don't run.

Get ready, love will leave you crying.
It's gonna hurt you till your heart is dying.
Can't escape it, ain't no use in trying.
You're no exception, love will leave you crying too till
You are a broken man; poor you.

LIGHTHAWK LEGEND

Day turns to night
Night turns to day
The one who is heaven and earth
The one who is Jurai and man
The one who wields the ten wings of destiny
Open your heart
And two souls will transcend
The boundaries of light
So that wings laced with
Feathers of love
Will mend the tears of darkness
And close the doorway of evil
Forever.

Disclaimer:
     This is a work of fan fiction and uses characters and situations from
the Tenchi Muyo TV series, copyrighted under Pioneer.  Also, some characters
may come from the No Need For Tenchi graphic novel series, copyright Viz
Comics.  I take no credit for the base characters and plot, but all
developments as of the time frame of my story are of my own design.  If by
some strange chance my plot is parallel to another author's fanfiction, I
wish to be notified.  For comments and information, E-mail me at
bkvhw@earthlink.net

.

ry are of my own design.  If by

some strange chance my plot is parallel to another author's fanfiction, I

wish to be notified.  For comments and information, E-mail me at

bkvhw@earthlink.net

.
