Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi or any other character (except my creations)
AIC and Pioneer does so all rights are reserved.



			  The Lighthawk Saga
			Episode 1: Hello Kiyone


	"Whew, I'm glad they're gone." said Ryoko.  
	"What do you mean you demon, those were my family,Jurain
Royal family, how could a low life understand how much they are 
loved by the jurain people." explodes Ayeka.  After this comment 
both ladies face off for yet another battle.

	At the galaxy police headquarters, Kiyone is called to her 
superior's office.  "Yes what is it you wanted sir." 
	"Well Kiyone it has been decided that since the jurain
royalty, Princess Ayeka and Princess Sasami are staying on earth 
we need to send another of our people out there to help protect 
them."  said her superior.
	"Ok sir, who will I be working with?" ask Kiyone.  
	"Well she is a first class detective, and I believe that 
you know her".  Uh oh thinks Kiyone, I hope he doesn't mean... 
"Here's a picture of your partner for your new assignment" 
He hands over the picture and a huge wail of anguish is heard 
throughout the base.

	Just another typical morning for the Masaki household.  Tenchi 
crawls out of bed and can't help but think of the past few days.
He heads downstairs, upon reaching the bottom he is greeted by 
Ayeka.  
	"Hello Lord Tenchi, I hope you slept well."  But before 
Tenchi can even respond he is glomped on by ryoko.  
	"Hello Tenchi" she purrs "I was just about to take a bath
do you want to join me?"  Immediately she is grabbed by Ayeka. 
	"How DARE you speak to Lord Tenchi like that, he has no 
desire to be with you" 
	"Stop, please girls can you just stop?" pleads Tenchi.  
	But as usual the girls ignore him and sparks start to fly between 
them. Luckily for Tenchi Mihoshi picks that moment to rush in and tell
everybody her good news, unfortunately this involved plowing into
everybody.  
	"Mihoshi...." Groans both Ayeka nad Ryoko.  
	Tenchi asks "What is it Mihoshi?"  
	"Oh I'm so happy, I'm getting a new partner she's my best 
friend Kiyone!"  Ryoko and Ayeka loook at each other and whisper
	"I feel sorry for her already" says Ryoko.  
	"I know, but I'm sure that she'll be up to the task."  

	Later that afternoon as Tenchi is coming back from the fields he 
sees a huge spacecraft land. 
	"Huh I wonder if this is Kiyone?" Tenchi muses.  The whole 
gang has come out to meet her.  As the hatch opens out comes Kiyone.  
Ryoko and Ayeka start wondering if this is just another rival for 
Tenchi's love. 
	"Hello everybody my name is Kiyone and..."  Kiyone gets 
no further as Mihoshi runs up and starts crying while saying 
	"Kiyone I'm so gald you're here, it"ll be like old times."  
	"Great I'm doomed" thinks Kiyone to herself.

	And so Kiyone settles into her new life.  "Hmmm I wonder why 
Ryoko and Ayeka fight so much over Tenchi.  I mean he's nice and all
but what is it they see in him."
	"Do you really want to know?"  Kiyone whirls around to see 
Washu standing behind her.
	"Oh Washu I didn't see you."
	"Thats Little Washu"
	"Oh ok."  Kiyone turns around to get back to reading Mihoshi's
reports when she realized that Washu hadn't answered her question.  When
she turns around she seas that Washu has left.  Just then Tenchi walks in.
	"Hi Kiyone, how is everything going?"
	"Oh fine" she replies "the only problem is that my futon is busted."
	"No problem I'll just get you a new one and put it in your room, ok?"
	"Yeah sure, thanks."  And so Tenchi follows Kiyone to her room and 
places the futon down.  Unfortunately Ryoko happens to walk by.
	"Tenchi, what are you doing here?"
	"Oh I was just helping Kiyone settle in"  Just then he hears Sasami
yelling to him "Tenchi we need some more vegetables for dinner"  "Ok Sasami"
And Tenchi leaves to go get vegetables.  It is then that Kiyone notices 
that Ryoko is still there
	"Yes what can I do for you?" ask Kiyone
	"You can stay away from MY Tenchi"  It is then that Ayeka walks 
by and hears this.
	"What do you mean your Tenchi. Lord Tenchi is mine." 
	"Oh yeah you stuck up little Princess, then I guess you don't know
where Tenchi was last night? Hmm"
	"Oh ho ho ho very amusing Ryoko, but I know that Lord Tenchi would
never be with a space harlot like you!"  Kiyone not used to the fighting
between the two tries t intervene.
	"Please stop fighting, it doesn't accomplish anything."  But this 
is too late.  Ayeka has already called up her logs and Ryoko is powering up
her blast.  BOOM.  And the whole house is shaken to its foundation.

	"Oh man, are those two fighting again?" complains Tenchi.  When he 
returns he finds a dazed Kiyone and a blasted Ryoko and Ayeka.
	"Can't you two ever stop fighting! You are always destroying this 
house!" yells Tenchi who then storms off.
	"Tenchi..." "Lord Tenchi..."


