Nihao!

        It is just sooooooo much fun writing 5 fics and looking at 
tons of finals ne? Oh well, this fic actually came to me when I was
dreaming and I haven't gotten it out of my head yet. Just as a
warning, this will be EXTREMELY dark. I'm still debating if I
should make it a happy ending or just go with what I had
originally. Sorry about the long intro. Any c&c, anything at all will
be read and responded to. Any flames will get doused with
Jusenkyo water.

Jusenkyo Guide

Jusenkyo Productions Proudly Presents
A Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction
Heaven and Earth: Light and Darkness: Prolog

(Tenchi and Co. is not owned by me of course. I never said it did
and I won't get any money from this so please don't sue me.)

Historians Note: This takes place after the events chronicled in
Here Comes Jurai and Tenchi the Movie: Tenchi Muyo! In Love.

The Now:
        
        Ever have a bad day? I mean a really bad day? One of those
days that makes you wish that it was all a dream? Or how about a
day that makes you sure that its all just a nightmare? You think
that what happened was you ate something you shouldn't have and
you'll wake up any second none worse for the wear. Or one that is
really bad, one that makes you wish it were a nightmare, and
what's worse you know that it isn't. Ryoko was having one of those
days right now, but she knew, no matter how hard she wished, no
matter how much Washu might twist space and time it was no
nightmare.

        And that was a nightmare in itself.

        The swords hummed with the energy that was being poured
into them. The air was tortured with the sounds and smells of the
battle. The burnt walls, the melted plastic, and the reek of blood.
Ryoko noted that it didn't matter what species you were, blood
smelled the same. She also noted, as she stood in pools of it, that
Jurain and human blood were the same color. The same as hers as
well for that matter.

        Funny how you notice things like this.

        It was also rather ironic, she thought, that both she and Ayeka 
not only had the same color of blood, but would die together as
well. 

        Ryoko spared a quick glance over to where the corpse of the
first princess of Jurai had fallen. 'Neither one of us got him,' she
thought sadly, 'And now because of our folly all of us pay the
price.'

        She spared one last look at her friends, or what was left of
them. A hundred memories ran through her head. Memories of a
better time. 

        Mihoshi, an annoyance to be sure, but still, there was
something about her. All of them thought that Mihoshi was an
airhead, a no brainer, but with the top part of her skull sliced off,
Ryoko could see that she did have a brain, or at least what was left
of it, most having been splattered on the wall. The girl's blind luck
didn't save her this time.

        Kiyone, one of the most honorable people that she ever knew.
Honor didn't mean much when you have a 5 foot section of a
support beam sticking through your chest.

        Yosho, of everyone, Ryoko just could not actually believe that
he was dead. All that training and power that he had, the control,
the wisdom. He should still be alive, not riddled with the exploded
remains of his tree.

        Sasami, Ryoko blocked the sight out, she just couldn't think
about the young girl. Never given a chance to grow up, not even
Tsunami was able to help her, for the first time since the accident,
Sasami had been alone. And now she was dead, the light gone
from her eyes. Killed by…

        Ayeka, her enemy until now. They should have worked
together, been friends. It was Ayeka's shield that saved Ryoko's life
for a few minutes longer. But at the cost of hers.  

        Washu, her mother, a mother she had never known. All
powerful she seemed. And yet, Ryoko finally knew just how much
Washu had loved her, and how the being separated pained her.
More, perhaps, than the gash that ran from head to navel, splitting
the genius in twain.

        A shriek, cut off in the middle tore the air. Something, a
bloody something was tossed at her. Ryoko caught it
automatically. It took her a few minutes to realize just what it was.
A foot, a paw actually. The blood covered most of it, but she could
still make out what might have been brown and white fur. Then
she knew, by a sudden empty spot in her very soul, that Ryo-Ohki
was no more.

        "I heard that those are good luck," her killer said, "I think
you'll need it."
        
        "Ryoko looked at the being in front of her, "Go to hell," she
said.

        It smiled, "I think not. After all, doesn't the name 'Tenchi'
mean heaven and earth?"

        "You are not Tenchi!" Ryoko screamed at the think in front of
her, the thing wearing the body of her beloved.

        "Oh but I am," it said smiling, "After all, only Tenchi could
do this." He held out his hand and formed the Light Hawk Sword,
and slowly, taking great pleasure in it, ran Ryoko through.

End Prolog

I told you it was dark. As I do have only a week and a half before
finals I'm not sure when I'll be getting the rest of this out. C&C
will actually get this written faster. If I think that people like it
and want to read more, then I'll make the time to finish it sooner.

JG      

---
Here sir we come to famous training ground of accursed springs
--------------------------------------------------------------
|Guide of the training grounds|Ranma 1/2, Tenchi Muyo, BGC,  |
|of accursed springs, 8th     |AMG, Tank Police, Gall Force, |
|Disciple of Eriond, and proud|YUA, GitS, ADP, Evangelion    |
| member of the #SkAS#        |Project A-ko, UY, VPM, BGC!   |
|--------http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/6549 ----------------|
|Akane, Linna, Washu, Nene,   |Nene showed Mackie just how   |
|Skuld, Belldandy, Kiyone     |much she knew. Winter Blossoms|
---------------------------Jusenkyo---------------------------
