Lily Amidst Thorns
	A Tenchi Fanfic by Achariyth

Tenchi Muyo! and all characters from the show belong to Pioneer and 
A.I.C..  This is not a sanctioned work by these companies, nor is this 
written to gain any personal profit from the series.  No disrespect is 
intended.  Sue someone else, Pioneer.  You'll get more money that way.

	o/ Will I find love? o/
	You know, as I orbit this backwater planet known as Terra in my 
standard issue Galaxy Police cruiser, praying for some small excuse to 
justify my already threatened paycheck and break the monotony of patrol, 
and listening to the faint emanations from the surface below, I can't 
but help feel depressed.  Let's set aside the boredom typical of 
patrolling a non-spacefaring people and focus upon the cruel joke the 
cosmos has played on me.  I just happen across a song that echoes my 
musings by accident?  Right.  If there is anything I have learned in my 
stay at the Masaki's, it is that there are no coincidences in life.
	"Will I find love?"  For some, it is just an innocent question.  
For others, the reek of desperation is so thick that one can literally 
smell it.  Let me assure you, dear friends, that I have not reached that 
desperation that hastens women to marry prematurely.  But at same time I 
do have to wonder about my fate.  Am I doomed to be alone for the rest 
of my life?
	Trust me, I would not lack for willing companions if I so desired.  
Many men would love to fall into (or is that fulfill?) lust with me.  I 
am not blind.  I see the looks that some of my more lecherous male co-
workers give my body when they think I am not watching them.  And I do 
have to admit that it is nice to be appreciated, just not always in that 
way.  Unfortunately for the more forward of my co-workers, I do not 
desire a merely physical relationship, no matter how pleasant it can 
become.  I have learned, through painful experience, that sex is not the 
same as love.  Rather, it is the ultimate expression of one's love for 
their partner and the times I have shared myself with someone who truly 
loved me have been the most fulfilling physical experiences of my life.  
Such an act should not be entered into lightly.  I just wish I knew that 
when I was fifteen.
	I am twenty-three now, almost twenty-four, and I would like to 
think I am somewhat wiser now.  In reality, it seems that I make the 
same number of mistakes, just different ones than the innocent young 
woman I once was.  Unfortunately, I have to wonder whether or not 
accepting my posting to Terra was an example of my most recent mistakes.
	Now, let me explain something before you condemn me.  I do 
consider everyone at the Masaki shrine as some of my closest and dearest 
friends.  Yes, that even includes that space pirate Ryoko, after we had 
a little "discussion" out in the fields.  If I were ever to be asked 
whether or not I could imagine a life without Tenchi, Ayeka, Ryoko, 
Sasami, and the rest, I would have to say "No."  Its just that my idiot 
partner can be so infuriating.  I can't believe someone as inept as her 
was actually hired.  If you looked up the word "Ditz" in the Dictionaria 
Galactica Jurai, you would find a full page devoted to Mihoshi.  I 
sometimes wonder how many in Personnel must I have offended to be 
partnered with her.  But I digress.
	Remember, when I say that living on Terra is a mistake, it is in 
the context of chasing after True Love, as the more romantic of beings, 
myself included, call it.  Let me be very quick to point out that I have 
no interest in Tenchi beyond that of a friend.  He's still a teenager, 
and he has yet to experience many of the things I already have.  I mean, 
I've graduated from my planet's school system, experienced a rigorous 
college schedule, and have undergone a rigorous training regimen, not to 
mention embarking on a career.  Add to that the seven additional years 
of experience in matters of the heart that I have over him, and you can 
quickly see reasons why I am not fighting Ayeka and Ryoko for Tenchi's 
attention.  Although I do have to admit the endless and fierce 
competition would be a deterrent of the highest order if I ever grew 
interested in Tenchi.
	But you might say to me "Certainly there are other fish in the 
sea," or some other silly idiomatic cliché regarding the selection of 
candidates for love.  Not on Terra!  I don't believe you have taken into 
consideration Terra's current xenophobia.  It's quite common amongst 
pre-interstellar civilizations, so I am not surprised, but it sure does 
not make my love life any easier.  Bear with me for a moment and I'll 
explain as I share from personal experience.  Think of it as one of 
Kiyone's life lessons.
	In a moment of weakness, I began to date a co-worker at one of 
these part time jobs I must work at to make ends meet.  Normally, I do 
not make it a practice, but as I said, I was weak.  No, I guess I was 
intoxicated by the young man in question.  After all, he was handsome, 
charming, kind, considerate, and owned a clever and witty sense of 
humor.  Add to this the almost instant sparks of mutual attraction and 
friendship and you can understand why I deluded myself in thinking that 
a relationship with him would work out.  Unfortunately, my life pattern 
proves that whatever can go wrong will.  Everything was running smoothly 
for about two weeks.  After months of an unjust universe crushing me 
under the weight of its irrational and overwhelming cruelty (for some 
reason, the universe loves to torment me.  How else can you explain 
Mihoshi as my partner?), it was a breath of fresh air to be the center 
of his growing affection.  My happiness actually mattered to someone on 
this overgrown speck of dust.  I wish I could say that my friends were 
actually concerned about my happiness, but after that little fiasco with 
Washu's machine, I know exactly where my happiness stands with most of 
them and it disgusts me.
	This is how the relationship ended.  We were at his house, in the 
midst of prolonged cuddling on his couch punctuated by moments of deep 
conversation, when he asked me about my family and where I came from.  
It was a fair question.  After all, he had just told me about his family 
in a series of humorous and moving anecdotes.  So I told him about my 
family and my place of origin.  You might ask why I did not lie.  I feel 
that honesty is truly the best, if not the only, policy for any 
relationship.  Whenever I have lied to my partner in the past, it has 
invited the disasters that the universe loves to play to me.  Besides, 
how can trust develop unless it is nurtured in an atmosphere of complete 
honesty?  To make a long story short, he did not believe me, I let him 
inside _Yagami_ in an effort to convince him I was not lying, he 
panicked as he realized I was not kidding, and thus ended our 
relationship with a great bang and me whimpering about the unfairness 
that shadows my life.  Now, the former object of my affections is 
wealthier now, since he sold his "Encounter with an Alien Seductress" 
slander to some sleaze magazine.  I had to quit my job and everyone 
living at the Masaki shrine had to hide for a month until the paparazzi 
who staked out the grounds finally left.  I really should send Ryoko to 
visit him in return for the trouble he has caused me.
	Now can you understand why Terra is not suitable for finding a 
suitor?
	Add to this mistake another.  In the months leading up to my 
transfer here, I had just befriended a male officer assigned to the same 
precinct as Mihoshi and I were stationed.  He was shy, more so than I 
had expected, but after a while his shyness left whenever I was around.  
It was a month before I realized that he was attracted to me.  I should 
have noticed sooner, but as I said, he was shy.  After a few 
conversations with him, I started to get the impression that he could be 
the ever elusive One I was looking for.  It really was a pleasure to 
spend time around him.  However, I should have seen the handwriting on 
the wall when he told me that whenever he started to befriend a woman 
that either he or she moved soon afterward.  True to form, I got 
reassigned to Terra.  Now my academy roommate tells me that my old rival 
is starting to spend time with him, no doubt to steal him away from me, 
that tramp.  A ansible call just cannot replace being in person.  Maybe 
I need to request that my rival be my replacement on Terra and advise 
that she try to arrest Ryoko.
	Now, if you notice I have not used first names for my old flames 
and rival, there is a reason for that.  Well, for my old boyfriends, 
that is.  My rival's name is Hiroko, and her V-mail address is 
hirokoai@selene.gpol.gov for all you spammers out there.  Oh, and I 
never told you this.  But about my old boyfriends, both of them took a 
chance when they decided to share their lives with me, and because of 
this, I will not spread their names across the ansible networks and 
betray their trust.  If you want a cheap thrill, go stick your tongue in 
a light socket.
	I know that after sharing this, some people would be sick of 
listening to me complain.  After all, I am only twenty-three, its not 
like my biological clock is ticking away like many older single women.  
Besides, I can be transferred away from Terra into a more populated 
sector of space.  I have used these points to try to soothe my mind when 
it peruses these matters, but there still remains the need for 
meaningful male companionship. Unfortunately, life keeps me too busy to 
be able to address this need.  My career has been too eventful to spend 
much time in relationships, even more so since I met Tenchi, Ryoko, 
Washu, and the princesses.  Sometimes I wonder if I have become part of 
a guard forming around Tenchi.  Rumors circulating around the Galaxy 
Police nets do indicate that Terra and the people at the Masaki shrine 
will be a nexus that will help shape the face of the galaxy's future.  
Because of this, the Marshal is demanding that Jurai allow the Galaxy 
Police to strengthen our presence.  Emperor Azusa has been less than 
cooperative.  The point of all this is that my chances for a transfer to 
greener pastures are sub-atomic in size.
	So there lies the crux of my problem.  Xenophobic natives and no 
chance of meeting men of my age and maturity (galactically speaking, of 
course).  I have to envy Ayeka and Ryoko.  They already have chosen who 
they think they will wed, if he would ever return their affections.  
Good luck, girls.  I hope you have better luck.
	It is time for my patrol to end.  Its about time.  The boredom of 
my patrol often gets to me.  Oh, and I am sure I do not need to tell you 
why I patrol solo.  The result is that I have too much time to 
contemplate my lack of a love life, amongst many other depressing 
issues.  No wonder Washu has been checking me for ulcers lately.  It 
seems that I have exhausted all reasonable alternatives, and my search 
for True Love is in stasis right now.
 	So I guess I'll try something I recently learned from Sasami.  
After all, it can't hurt.
	"Star light, star bright, first star I see tonight..."

Author's notes-
	This story was loosely inspired by Harlan Ellison's "True Love: 
Groping for the Holy Grail."  It is not a carbon copy of his work, 
except for one line, and any simularites are superficial at best.  
      For a while now, I have been interested in the other stories in the
Tenchi-verse.  There has to be more in the universe than just Jurai, 
but since we are dealing with people of Jurai descent and 
nobility, I understand why these other stories were not told.  I would 
love to flesh out the Tenchi-verse and the characters' pasts, something 
I have endeavored here with Kiyone, more to make it more complete, but 
time and copyright laws do not allow me.
	Anyways, I do hope you enjoyed this.

Achariyth

It allows me to explore in great detail something of which I am utterly 
incapable. I cannot fly, so I would write of birds and starships and 
kites; I cannot play an instrument, so I would write of composers and 
dancers; and I cannot forgive, so I would write of priests and monks and 
minbari....  

-J. Michael Straczinski