Little Ryoko

By Bart "Ryokoholic" Walls

Tenchi Muyo! is a © of Pioneer and AIC .I’m not associated with either
organization , most of the characters involved are property to them .This is
meant for fan enjoyment and not for profit or my own personal gain m’kay ?

Our scene opens up at the Masaki Shrine .Grandpa is seen reading in the
shrine office .

Grandpa-"Ahh , it’s very peaceful up here .I could stay here all day if I
wanted to , but I have to make sure Tenchi is doing ok ."

Ayeka-"Leave him alone !"

Ryoko-"Never !Tenchi loves me !"

Grandpa-"Hmm , everything seems normal…"

Grandpa continues reading while Ryoko and Ayeka bicker over Tenchi .Tenchi
sighs as he tries to sweep up the steps of the shrine .

Ayeka-"How do YOU know that ?"

Ryoko-"Because , Tenchi and I have a little secret ."

Ayeka-"Secret ?"

Ryoko-"That’s right , Princess ."

Ayeka-"What is it ?"

Ryoko-"If I told you it wouldn’t be a secret !"

Ayeka-"Tenchi ; what is she talking about ?!"

Tenchi-"Uhh…"

Ryoko-"Go ahead and tell her Tenchi , I don’t care anymore ."

Tenchi-"Great…Well you see Ayeka…"

A bead of sweat forms on his head .Elsewhere …We see Washu in her lab
stationed in another dimension .She is typing on her laptop…

Washu-"Let’s see…Check !Yes , I have that too…well , everything is ready !"

Washu leaps off of her pillow and over to a large machine .She takes two
small red spheres out of her pocket and places them into it .The door opens
.

Mihoshi-"Washu ?"

Washu-"What is it Mihoshi ?I’m a little busy…"

Mihoshi-"I was coming in to tell you it’s almost tea time …"

Washu-"This is only going to take a few minutes , Mihoshi ."

Mihoshi-"Hey , what ARE you doing anyway ?"

Washu-"Oh the typical thing a scientist does…create of course !"

Mihoshi-"Is this what you were working on when we went to the beach ?"

Washu-"I’m shocked that you actually got the right answer …Yes it is ."

Washu starts the machine .Mihoshi watches intently as steam spews everywhere
.A door opens .A small figure slightly bigger than Ryo-Oki’s human form
steps out .It is wearing an outfit similar to Ryoko’s teal and pink one(from
episode 1 of the OAV) .The figure hides behind Washu .

Washu-"It’s all right , come on out .Mihoshi isn’t going to hurt you .Mommy
won’t either ."

Mihoshi-"Your mommy is right , come on little one ."

The small figure steps out from behind Washu .She bears a striking
resemblance to Ryoko .

Mihoshi-"She looks like…"

Washu-"Ryoko ?Yes , that’s right .Her name is Little Ryoko .C’mon , say hi ,
dear ."

Little Ryoko hides behind Washu again .

Mihoshi-"Oh it’s ok , don’t be shy ."

Mihoshi walks over to Little Ryoko and picks her up in her arms .

Mihoshi-"I’m your Auntie Mihoshi , it’s nice to meet you !"

L. Ryoko-"H…hi…Auntie…Mihoshi…"

Mihoshi-"Oh she’s SO adorable Washu !"

Washu-"She is , isn’t she ?C’mon you two , it’s tea time ."

Washu opens the door and walks out .Mihoshi follows her with Little Ryoko
still in her arms .They walk to the table in the front room and sit down
.Mihoshi sets Little Ryoko down .

Mihoshi-"Comfy ?"

L. Ryoko-"Yes…thanks…"

Sasami walks into the room with a pot of tea .Ryo-Oki in her semi-human form
is right behind her carrying a plate of carrots and rice cakes .The two sit
down .

Sasami-"Ryoko !What happened to you ?"

Washu-"Nothing happened , this is Little Ryoko ."

Ryo-Oki-"Miyow ?"

Washu-"She’s your little sister , Ryo-Oki ."

Ryo-Oki-"Miyow !"

Ryo-Oki hugs Little Ryoko who stands confused .

L. Ryoko-"What is this ?"

Washu-"That’s Ryo-Oki , one of your older sisters .Your other one is up with
Tenchi no doubt ."

L. Ryoko-"Ten-chi ?Who’s he ?"

Sasami-"He’s a really nice guy , he’s let us stay here since we arrived
.You’ll like him , I’m sure of it ."

L. Ryoko-"What was Ryo-Oki doing ?"

Mihoshi-"That’s called a hug , silly !It’s meant to show love and affection
."

L. Ryoko-"Oh…"

Little Ryoko hugs Ryo-Oki back , she then hugs Sasami , Mihoshi and finally
, Washu .She sits down .

Sasami-"Would you like to try some tea , Little Ryoko ?"

L. Ryoko-"Tea…?"

Washu-"You’ve got a lot to learn little girl…"

Washu places her arm on Little Ryoko’s shoulder …

Grandpa-"Tenchi !Come on , it’s time to go home !"

Tenchi-"Uh sure !"

Tenchi wipes the sweat off .

Tenchi[thinking]-"Thank God…"

The four walk down to the Masaki household and open the door .They see Washu
, Ryo-Oki and Mihoshi at the table .

Ryo-Oki-"Miyow !"

Ryo-Oki returns to her cabbit form and leaps onto Tenchi .Tenchi catches her
.

Tenchi-"Whoa , slow down Ryo-Oki !I wasn’t gone THAT long !"

Ryo-Oki-"Miyow ."

Ryo-Oki licks Tenchi and leaps back to the table .

Ayeka-"Miss Washu , where is Sasami ?"

Washu-"She is in the kitchen getting some more tea ."

Grandpa-"Ahh , just in time ."

Ryoko , Ayeka and Grandpa sit down .Sasami comes in with some tea .

Sasami-"Hi Tenchi !You’re back !"

Tenchi-"Hello Sasami .It’s nice to see you !"

Tenchi suddenly feels something hug him .

Tenchi-"Ryoko !Stop it !"

Ryoko-"It’s not me !I’m not doing a thing !"

Tenchi-"Ayeka ?"

Ayeka-"No …it’s not me either ."

Tenchi-"Washu ?Ryo-Oki ?Mihoshi ?Sasami ?"

The four shake their heads .

Washu-"but I think I may know who it is…

Little Ryoko appears with her arms wrapped around Tenchi .

Tenchi-"What the ?!"

L. Ryoko-"You must be Tenchi !"

Ayeka & Ryoko-"Grr…"

The two walk up to Little Ryoko .

Ryoko-"What are you doing ?Who are you ?!"

Ayeka-"Sasami !Did you know about this ?!"

Sasami-"Well sort of …"

L. Ryoko-"You must be my big sister Ryoko !"

Little Ryoko starts hugging Ryoko .A bead of sweat forms on her head .

Ryoko-"Big sister…?"

A vein appears on Ryoko’s forehead .

Ryoko-"WASHU !!!!"

Washu-"Yes dear ?"

Ryoko-"Who is this ?"

Washu-"Doesn’t she look familiar to you ?"

Ryoko-"She looks like me !"

Washu-"Exactly .Ryoko meet your little sister , Little Ryoko .Little Ryoko ,
meet your big sister Ryoko , Tenchi Masaki , Princess Ayeka of Jurai and
Grandpa Masaki , the head priest of the Masaki Shrine ."

L. Ryoko-"Hello ."

Ryoko-"Will you let go of me ?!I’ve been hugged enough !I know ; hug Ayeka
!"

Ayeka-"What ?!"

Little Ryoko latches onto Ayeka .

Ayeka-"Wait a minute…there are TWO of these monster women running around now
?"

L. Ryoko-"Monster…?"

Tears form in Little Ryoko’s eyes .Ayeka holds Little Ryoko in her arms ,
attempting to stop her from bursting into tears .

Ayeka-"I didn’t mean it !Really !You’re not a monster !"

Ayeka looks at Ryoko .

Ayeka[to Little Ryoko]-"Your sister on the other hand…"

Ryoko-"Huh ?!"

Ayeka-"Oh nothing ."

Little Ryoko disappears from Ayeka and reappears near Grandpa .

Grandpa-"Well now , it’s nice to meet you , Little Ryoko ."

L. Ryoko-"It’s nice to meet you too ."

Little Ryoko bows .Grandpa smiles .

Grandpa-"You’re very polite for someone who was just created by Washu ."

L. Ryoko-"Thank you , honorable Priest ."

Meanwhile : Outside…we see a crystal come out of the lake .It transforms
into a cabbit and runs off into the woods…Later…Tenchi is out on the porch
loft , looking at the stars .Tenchi hears a noise .

Tenchi-"I know you’re there .You might as well come out ."

Little Ryoko appears next to him .

L. Ryoko-"How’d you know ?"

Tenchi-"Your sister has done that a lot .I wasn’t expecting you however ."

L. Ryoko-"I wanted to thank you for allowing me to stay here .I know I must
be an added burden to you…"

Tenchi-"It’s all right , it’s no big deal ."

L. Ryoko-"I want to show you something…"

Tenchi and Little Ryoko walk into Washu’s lab and she motions to an area
.The two walk into another dimension where Tenchi sees a cave almost the
same as Ryoko’s .

L. Ryoko-"In here ."

She walks him into the cave and sees something on the walls .

Tenchi-"What are these ?Pictures of me ?"

L. Ryoko-"Yes , I found them lying around my mom’s lab ."

A sweat bead appears on Tenchi’s head as he sees a picture of himself in his
boxers .

Tenchi-"Do you really have to have THOSE ones up ?"

L. Ryoko-"Hey , I take what I can get ."

Tenchi-"Eh heh heh heh…"

The two walk out and back to Washu’s lab .They walk back out .Ayeka and
Ryoko are right outside the door .

Ayeka-"And where were you ?"

Ryoko-"With her ?"

Tenchi-"Uh…"

Tenchi gulps and another sweat bead appears on is head .

Tenchi-"You see…"

Suddenly Tenchi disappears .

Both-"Huh ?"

Out near the gate …Tenchi reappears with Little Ryoko .

Tenchi-"Thanks , I owe you one !"

L. Ryoko-"I know how you can make it up to me ."

Tenchi-"How ?"

Morning…we see Tenchi sweeping again .But now he has Little Ryoko on his
shoulders .

L. Ryoko-"I hope your back doesn’t wear out because the deal was I’m not
getting off until the day is over ."

Little Ryoko makes a big smile and Tenchi sighs .

Tenchi-"I’m sure I can take it ."

Tenchi trips over a rock and just about falls down .Little Ryoko starts
floating a few inches off the ground with him .Tenchi sighs .

Tenchi-"I guess I owe you again…"

L. Ryoko-"No , I’ll overlook it .You ARE providing me with free food and
board after all !"

Tenchi smiles and pats Little Ryoko on the head .

Tenchi-"You know , you’re a LOT easier to be around than Ryoko .You’re not
trying to get a hold on me every five seconds !"

L. Ryoko-"You’re so sweet !"

Little Ryoko kisses Tenchi on his head .He turns bright red .

Tenchi-"Uhh…"

Little Ryoko laughs as Tenchi attempts to readjust himself .We see Grandpa
watching .

Grandpa-"Heh , it looks like things are going to get more interesting around
here …a Lot more…"

The scene ends as Grandpa continues reading and Little Ryoko is still
giggling about Tenchi who is still bright red …

The End
