Proclaimer:  Standard legal stuff...tenchi muyo is owned by Pioneer
entertainment, based on manga series by Hitoshi Okuda and animated series by
Pioneer.  All trademarks and such are copyrighted and owned by who ever.  I
own none of these characters nor did I create them.  If there's more I'll
add some on later fan-fics.

Author Note:  Did a little fixing here and there.  Nothing major in the
overall content but things that I noticed when saw this fic posted on the
tmffa.com site.

A Little Bundle of Joy (Revised)
By Zero Unit (e-mail:zero_unit@hotmail.com)

        It was a quiet morning in the Masaki household.  The birds were
singing,
the sun was shining, and Ayeka and Ryoko weren't fighting, yet.  All was
peaceful but unfortunately this was the Masaki house.  Were a former space
pirate, 2 intergalactic princesses, a galaxy police officer, a mad
scientist, and a heir to an alien empire all lived in the same house.  Yes
it was quiet through out the house and soon the silence will be broken...
by the sounds of someone worshipping the porcelian gods.

"Hrgghhhhh... Uglhhh... Urkk....."

"Not again, this is 6th day that... that woman has occupied the bathroom all
morning."

"Ayeka, give Ryoko a break.  It's not her fault that she's been sick for the
past few days."  said Sasami

"Well it's not my fault that demon can't hold her own liqour when she goes
on a drinking rampage."

Just then Ryoko crawled out of the bathroom.

"What was that princess"

"You heard me Ryoko, I was just merely stating the truth."

"Truth this you little stuck up bitch." said Ryoko giving Ayeka the finger

"How dare you act that way around the Crown Princess of Jurai!!!  I demand
that you apologize for your foul actions"

"Oh I got your apology right here princess."  Ryoko said with a smirk

        Charging up an energy ball Ryoko was ready to start the morning
ritual with
Ayeka.  It has been a while since she and Ayeka got into a good fight.
Ayeka began summoning her logs and was ready to blast the space pirate into
submission.  Ryoko was ready to make the first move and move she did.  Right
past Ayeka and straight into the bathroom.  Once again the sounds of Ryoko
making a deposit can be heard through out the house.

"I really wish that Ryoko would go see Washu."  Sasami said to herself

"See me about what?"

"Oh Washu, you startled me.  If you haven't noticed Ryoko has been sick for
the past few days.  She spent the past few mornings in the bathroom throwing
up."

Right on que the lovely sounds of Ryoko could be heard.

"Hmmm... I agree with you on the throwing up part but I doubt that she's
sick."  the red headed scientist said.

"What do you mean Washu?"

"When I created Ryoko I designed her Immune system to resist all forms of
virual/bacterial illness.  So it's absolutely impossible for her to get
"sick" but I do have a theory on her current condition."

"So what's been making Ryoko sick lately?"  asked the blue haired princess

"It's a secret, but first I need to check up on my sweet little Ryoko."

With a punch of  a few buttons on Washu's holographic computer here, a
screaming Ryoko there, and a few seconds later Washu had Ryoko in her lab.

"Arghh! Let me out of here! You can't do this to me!" screamed a half naked
Ryoko held up in the air by metal arms.

"Now, Now my sweet little Ryoko.  You should've told mommy that you weren't
feeling so well.  What would people think if I didn't take care of my poor
sick daughter."

"Let me go! I have rights you know!"

"Listen Ryoko,  All I ask is that you give a little bit of your time.  Is it
that bad for a mother to look after her own child."

"Depends on how you define the term "mother" Washu"

"Hmmm... increase in mood swings.  I'm surprised that no one picked up on
Ryoko's condition"  Washu thought to herself.

"Listen Ryoko All I need is a little blood sample and the little examination
is over."

"Is that it?! No body scans, psychi checks, bio patterns, power readings.
Just a simple little drop of blood."

"Yep, just a little harmless drop of blood and I can figure what's the cause
of your "morning sickness"

"Fine just hurry up so I can get out of here." snapped Ryoko

"That's a good girl, now were did I put that ultra pulse laser cannon?"

        A few hours later Ryoko was laying down on the roof pondering the
current
events that were unfolding.  "Little drop of blood my ass" Ryoko thought to
herself rubbing the arm where Washu drew some blood.  "Any more and Washu
would've been able to open her own blood bank.  But it would be nice to know
why I've been sick lately.  God if I throw up one more time... ughhh"

"Ryoko!! Ryoko!!!"

"Huh...."

"Ryoko, I've been calling you for the past 5 minutes.  Haven't you been
paying attention?"

"Oh sorry Tenchi, guess I've been out of it for a while."

"Come on everyone's been waiting for you and the food is starting to get
cold."

"Alright I'll be right down Tenchi dear."  Ryoko said pinching Tenchi's
cheeks

"Ryoko! quit fooling around and lets go."

        Later at the Masaki house everyone gathered around for dinner.   So
far a
happy family enjoying a quiet dinner but then again with this family things
don't stay quiet for long.

"Mmmm... this is great.  Give me another round of seconds, Sasami."

"Wow Ryoko that's like your 7th serving you really must hungry." said
Mihoshi

"What would you expect from the bottomless pit that Ryoko calls a stomach."
said Ayeka

"What was that miss prissy princess."

"You heard me Ryoko I was just merely stating the truth about that thing you
call a stomach."

"I dare you to say that again I doubt you even have the guts to say it
again."

"Your absolutely right Ryoko judging by the size of yours.  You got enough
gut for both of us." laughed Ayeka pointing at Ryoko's stomach.

"That's it princess!  You want a fight then you got one!"

"I wouldn't if I were you Ryoko."  interupted Washu

"And why not Washu."

"Because..."   whispering in Ryoko's ear  "my little Ryoko is going to be a
mommy!" Washu said with a triumphant smile.

"SAY WHAT!!!" screamed Ryoko

"Wow Ryoko are you really going to be a mother?"  asked Sasami

"Yes she is, according to my tests Ryoko is at least 2 weeks pregrant"
answered Washu

"That's impossible, How can I be pregnant when... when I am... umm" Ryoko
started to blush

"When what? Ryoko?" Mihoshi asked

Looking down on the ground and twiddling her fingers together Ryoko had no
choice but to let her friends on her secret  "Uhh...um you see...
Iamstillavirgin." Ryoko said really fast

"Wow Ryoko you're actually a surgeon." was the standard Mihoshi reply

"No you idiot I said I'mstillavirgin" mumbled Ryoko

"You know you really shouldn't mumble I couldn't hear you." said Mihoshi

"Yes Ryoko if you got something to say.  You really should speak cleary."
Ayeka said with a grin.  She knew what Ryoko said but felt like torturing
the space pirate a little for a few moments of fun.

"Good god! Are you all tone deaf! I said I am still a Virgin! As in
V-I-R-G-I-N!  There you all happy now!"
There was a long silence and everyone just stared at Ryoko.  "Do I have to
draw you a picture!"

Ayeka quickly covered Sasami's eyes and ears with her hands.  "Ryoko have
you no shame!"

"Well your the one who asked princess."

"Gee, if Ryoko is still a virgin then how could she be prenant?"  asked
Mihoshi

"Allow me to explain."  with a push of a few buttons on Washu's
holo-computer everyone was teleported into an operating room, dressed as
scientists, with Ryoko strapped down on an operating table.  "As we all know
even though Ryoko may have a humaniod body she is still an alien. And it's
because of her alien biological functions that got her pregnant,"

"What do you mean Washu?" asked Tenchi

"Well you see aside from the standard means of humaniod reproduction.
There's another way that my little Ryoko can conceive a child."   said Washu
while pinching Ryoko's cheeks.

"And what would that be Little Washu?"  asked Ayeka

"You see upon reaching puberty she goes through the normal reproductive
cycles like another humaniod species, ovulation, menstration, etc... etc,
but with a twist.  Should she not able conceive a child after a set number
of reproductive cycles her body begins to produce the
child itself.  "

"You mean to say that Ryoko has the ability to get herself pregnant." said
Mihoshi

"Well yes and no, it's a little more complex than that Mihoshii.  You see
Ryoko still needs another source of compatable humaniod DNA to produce her
offspring.  But the thing is about Ryoko's ovum is aside from being another
reproductive cell it can also absorb compatable DNA and store it for future
use.  So should she fail to produce a child during one of her reproductive
cycles.  During her next one her body releases one of the DNA stored eggs."

"What due you mean absorb and store DNA, litlle Washu?" asked Tenchi

"Just like I said.  Ryoko has an ability to absorb Humaniod DNA and store it
but there's a little more to it than that.  Ryoko's cell just doesn't absorb
every single strand of DNA.  It all depends on how long she's had contact
with the source of DNA.  To put it bluntly the longer the contact she had
with one of you the more likely that one of you is the proud "father" of
Ryoko's child."

"Well we can easily guess which one is the father right now."  said Mihoshi

"And whom do you think it is Mihoshi?" asked Washu

"It has to be... Tenchi!"  blurted the blond space cop.  Every one else face
faulted  except for Washu, who was already anticipating the usual Mihoshi
reply.

"And what clues point to that conclusion?" asked Washu

"Well...ummm... you know Tenchi's a guy and Ryoko's a girl... and if...Oh
this is so embarrassing"  Mihoshi said with a blush.

"You haven't been paying any attention to what I said for the past 30
minutes?"

"Well sort of Washu, I mean you were talking about how Ryoko got pregnant
and I alreay know how babies are made and I thought..."

"Little Washu is there any actual ways we can determine the father of
Ryoko's father?" asked Tenchi

"Yes there is but the tests can't be conducted until the child in Ryoko has
more time to develop.  At best I would say we should all know in 2 weeks.
But as Mihoshi stated you have the better odds of being the child's father.
Seeing as Ryoko spends most of her time with you."
said Washu

"I understand Washu" was the only thing that Tenchi

        Later that night Ryoko was on the roof pondering the events that
just
unfolded.  Motherhood of all things in the universe.  The concept of being a
mother just scarred the willies out of her.  It was sudden and totally
unexpected.  She did plan on having children but more or less when she
settled down and was ready to make the commitment.  Right now she rather
deal with an army of Kagato's then even think of the concept of raising a
child.  She remembered when Tenchi's aunt brought over her son's baby.  She
began to shudder at the fiasco that soon followed.  She tried her best but
unfortunately just didn't cut it when it came to raising a child.  Things
were happening to fast in her life right now and now the upcoming bundle of
joy just put her life into warp speed.

"You know you really shouldn't be up here.  Might catch a little cold."

"Oh it's you Tenchi, what brings you up here?" asked Ryoko

"After Washu's little explanation I haven't seen you.  Thought you might
want some company."

"I guess..."

"Is there anything wrong Ryoko?  You know that we're all here for you... and
your child.  Don't be afraid to ask for anything."

"Why should you even care it's not even you child"

Right now Tenchi couldn't really believe what just happened.  It's the first
time that he heard Ryoko actually speak to him with this.  This was
definitely something he wasn't prepared for "Wait a minute Ryoko I just.."

"What thought you could just walk up here and just walk up here and cheer me
right up!  Saying that you'll take care of me and the baby.  Why care for a
child that's not even yours?  You heard Washu, she said that I was a freak!
That the child, my child not yours, is a freak!  We don't really if the
father really is you!  At least you have your life in front of you... You're
able to do what you want without a single care in the world.  Me I'm stuck
with what I got...forever trapped..."

Ryoko began to cry letting go of the emotions she felt inside.  She knew it
wasn't tenchi's fault nobody was to blame not even herself.  She just
couldn't deal with the situation.  Tenchi watched he never seen Ryoko like
this before.  So vunerable and delicate. Right now she was walking a very
thin line.  Trying her best to keep control of the emotions she had while
trying her best to display them as she saw fit.  Standing silent Tenchi
began to descend down the ladder.  "Wait..."

"Yes, Ryoko"

"I'm sorry I shouldn't have yelled at you like that.  I had no right to say
the things I said.  It's just hard for me to deal with this."

"It's okay Ryoko, I know it's hard for you to deal with this but your not
alone.  Everyone's here to help you in any way they can.  Not out of pity
but because we all care for you.  Just remember that Ryoko."

"Thank you Tenchi sometimes I think a girl like me really doesn't deserve a
guy like you... ummmm...before you go can I ask you a question? Tenchi I'm
going to ask you a question, but you have to promise that you'll answer me
truthfully."

"Sure thing Ryoko" replied Tenchi

"You've known me for while,  honestlly do you think I would make a good
mother?" asked Ryoko

"Why do ask Ryoko?"

"It's just that... Tenchi promise that whatever we talk about tonight stays
between us."

"Sure thing Ryoko"

"It's just that when I found out that Washu was my mother I was kind of
happy.  You know at least I had a family and someone that I could actually
turn to.  But then after.... a while I felt there was no connnection between
me and her.  After a while I promised myself something. I promised that...
no I swore that I would always love and respect my children.  That no matter
what happens I'll always be there... I wanted to be more than a mother than
Washu was to me..."

"Ryoko... I can't really say anything about your relationship between you
and Washu.  That's something that both of you have to work out. But I do
know that you don't have to worry about not being the best mother to your
child.  I know deep done you're a caring person just like everyone in our
family and that the child inside will have the most loving, caring mother in
the whole universe"  said Tenchi

"Thanks Tenchi, you always seem to say the right things."

"Your welcome Ryoko, so you plan on coming down anytime soon."

"I'll be down soon I just need a little more time to clear things out."

"Okay... See you soon Ryoko and don't forget that you have people that care
for you." upon saying this Tenchi began to climb back down into the house.

"I know Tenchi and soon <*placing a hand on her stomach*> I'll have one
more.  Well little one I definitely think he's going to be the right daddy
for you." Ryoko said with a smile on her face.

        Two weeks came and went as everyone in the Masaki household set up
for the
upcoming arrival of Ryoko's child.  With the aid of Washu's tools and
Nobuyuki's architectural skills.  They added a new room to the house.
Ayeka, Sasami, and Mihoshi began to pick out the
toys and clothes for the child.  Yosho even began to set up a training
program for child.  Everything was going and it seemed that it was smooth
sailing from here on.  All except for one thing...ever since the
announcement of the impending arrival of the bundle of joy.  Ryoko hasn't
been able to get a single ounce of peace.  Everywhere she went someone was
there to watch over her.  She had to give up on the sake and switch to some
foul protein drink made by washu, she couldn't sleep up on the rafters of
the house, she couldn't even take a bath by herself without someone watching
over her.

"For crying out loud I'm not completely helpless!" cried Ryoko

"Well you shouldn't be moving about so much, it might  be harmful for your
baby." said Mihoshi

"She's right you know Ryoko, you should start thinking about the well being
of the child.  Seeing that it's lord Tenchi's child and a member of the
Royal Family of Jurai. Despite who the mother is" said Ayeka

"Is that all you care about... why I outta...."

"Now now Ryoko, you should listen to what everyone is trying to tell you."
said Washu

"What do you want?" said Ryoko

"Well I finished the tests and the results are in..."

"Oh come on we all ready know that the child is Tenchi's" interupted Ryoko

"Well why don't we make it official but before we do I think we should
gather everyone for this announcement.  Mihoshi would you be so kind as to
gather everyone here" said Washu

A few moments later the whole Masaki clan was gathered at the living room.
Everyone knew what was going to happen.  They just probably wanted official
comfirmation from Washu.

"Well now that everyone's here.  As you all know I finished the tests to
determine the father of Ryoko's child. It was grueling process and at
times..."

"Oh get on with it!!  While we're still young!" said Ryoko

"As you wish... my dear little Ryoko."  Washu walked up to the father-to-be
"Congratulations!... Ayeka"

Everyone but Washu passed out with the news of the father of Ryoko's child.
"Ah the joys of parenthood..." was all the red headed scientist said as she
walked back to her lab to prepare for the new additon to the Tenchi family.

Author's note:  Well that was it for my first Tenchi fanfic hopefully for
those that read it got some kind of enjoyment of of it.

Send any comments or complaints to zero_unit@hotmail.com