I neither own nor profit from the characters in this story.
Warning: Despite the obvious set up this is not a lemon.


Lonely nights
By, Clayton Overstreet

  Ryoko lay back staring at the ceiling. She could count every sliver
of wood there. She hadn't slept since she had been released from the
cave. Not at night anyway. And when she tried to sleep durring the
day she was yelled at and called lazy by that buisy body princess.
Nobody ever seemdd to notice that she'd done her chores the nigth
before. No, they just made her redo them every day. And she could
never tell them, because then they would know... know how weak
she was. Tenchi wuld know too. He would pick Ayeaka.
  Tears fell from her tired eyes. Washu had told her to sleep. Had
even helped her afew times by telling the others she was performing
some tests while Ryoko was asleep in her lab. Ryoko smirked after
she realized that Washu probably did perform some tests.
  Sometimes she would watch Tenchi sleep, envying him and loving
him at the same time. Sometiems she used to sneak into bed with him
at night. She felt safe there, could finaly sleep. But that day he had
found her there he had been so scared... and that was the end of that.
She cursed Kagato every day for the things he did to her. Then she
cursed herself for the things she'd done. Despite what she always
said she agreed with Ayeaka. She was a demon and Tenchi would
never love her. But she wouldn't give up. Something in her kept her
going.
  Finaly she decided to see if Tenchi could help her. Quietly she got
down onto the floor. Walking up the stairs she sighed. She could not
believe she was actualy going through with this. When she got to the
door to Tenchi's room she bit her lip and knocked. It wasn't just to
disable the force field, she had forgotten all about that thing again. She
had just felt like it was the right thing to do. After a minute or so the
door opened. "Ryoko? Is something wrong?" Ryoko looked at him
meakly. "Well I was having trouble sleeping. I was wondering if I
could stay with you tonight. I swear I wont try anything, I just don't
want to be alone. If you want though I'll go sit in the livingroom and
watch television if you want." Tenchi thought about it for a second,
then he smiled. "Ok Ryoko, come on in." Ryoko's eyes lit up. "Realy?
I can sleep with you?" Tenchi blushed and rubbed the back of his
head. "Could you not put it like that? If one of the other girls heard
you they might think..." She smiled and winked. "They might think
what Tenchi?" He blushed and went back into his room. "Just
remember your promise Ryoko." She smiled and nodded. "I will
Tenchi. But I just want you to know that if you want me to break that
promise all you have to do is say so."
  Tenchi covered up in his bed and scooted to the side leaving plenty
of room for Ryoko. She phased into a night shirt and panties and
covered up next to him. Smiling peacefuly she closed her eyes. Tenchi
smiled at her and found himself looking over every detail of her face.
When she was awake she always seemed so arrogant. But the way
she had acted when she came to see him... He smiled at her and
quietly whispered, "Goodnight Ryoko." Closing his eyes Tenchi went
to sleep.

  The next morning Ryoko had her arm draped over Tenchi's chest.
At first he was scared, then he realized that she was simply sleeping.
He kicked himself for thinking Ryoko would break her word. Smiling
he got up and got dressed. Suddenly there was a knock at the door.
Tenchi opened it and found Ayeaka there. "Good morning lord
Tenchi." She said bowing. Tenchi smiled and greeted her, "Hello
Ayeaka. Is there something I can do for you?" Nodding she held up
the laundry basket. "Today is my day to take care of the dirty clothes.
And I was wondering if you had any that needed to go out." Tenchi
smiled and motioned for her to follow him in before he remembered
Ryoko was still in his bed.
  He closed his eyes and clenched his teeth when he heard the basket
hit the floor. "What... what is she doing in your bed?" Ayeaka yelled.
Tenchi turned and shushed her. "Please Ayeaka keep your voice
down. She was having trouble sleeping and I said she could sleep
here. She promised not to do anything you wouldn't like and she kept
her promise so will you please keep your voice down so she can get
some sleep?" Ayeaka bit her lip still glancing at Ryoko. She knew
Sasami had come in here sometimes when she had nightmares and
Tenchi never closed his door to her. She could not expect him to do
any less for anyone else.
  "Alright lord Tenchi. It's none of my buisness." Stiffly she picked up
the basket and Tenchi deposited his clothes in it. He smiles at her and
she shrugs, carrying it out of the room. "Sasami has breakfast ready."
Tenchi smiled and went downstairs after her closing the door softly.
Ayeaka smiled pleasantly. Atleast Ryoko wouldn't be joining them
for lunch so she could have some time alone with Tenchi. Once she
got down stairs she dumped the clothes in the washer and sat down
next to him smiling. "Where is Ryoko?" Sasami asked. Tenchi looked
at her. "She had some trouble sleeping and came to my room. She's
still asleep." Sasami smiled and nodded. "I see. Well when you are
done do you think you could take her food up to her?" He nodded
and Ayeaka frowned. This meant Tenchi was going to be alone with
Ryoko more.
  Ayeaka smiled at Tenchi fetchingly, "Lord Tenchi, do you think that
for lunch you'd like to go on a picnic?" Sasami perked up. "Hey that's
a great idea Ayeaka. I'll pack us all something to eat and after Tenchi
is done at the shrine we can all go on a picnic." Tenchi smiled at them
both. "I agree with Sasami. A family picnic would be great. Sasami
you tell Washu and I'll tell Ryoko ok?" Mihoshi smiled at Ayeaka and
said, "Wow Ayeaka this was a great idea!" Ayeaka frowned and bit
her lip. She had been planning to get Tenchi alone.
  Ryo-oki hopped out of Sasami's lap and turned into her toddler
form so she could help Sasami with the dishes. After they had put
everything away Sasami gave Tenchi a plate to take up to Ryoko and
disapeared into Washu's lab to tell her about the picnic. Tenchi took
the plate upstairs while Mihoshi sat on the couch to watch television.
Ayeaka sat at the table looking off into space and frowning.
  When Tenchi got to his room he found Ryoko still asleep. Quietly he
shook her shoulder until she woke up. She yawned and looked up at
him. "Thank you Tenchi. That was the most sleep I've had since I left
the cave." Tenchi frowned. "Realy? You only got six hours at most.
Why can't you sleep?" Ryoko bit her lip, but after a minute she
answered him. "I get lonely and can't sleep. The same thing used to
happen when I was with Kagato."
  Tenchi put his hand on hers and her breath caught in her throat.
"Well you're here now. And any time you feel lonely just come see
me alright?" Ryoko smiled and hugged him roughly. "Oh Tenchi I
knew you loved me!" Tenchi smiled but pushed her off of him. "Now
calm down. Remember you promised to behave yourself." She smiled
and nodded. "Alright... hey you brought me breakfast." Ryoko
grabbed her plate and started shoveling food into her mouth. Tenchi
smiled and laughed quietly. Ryoko frowned and looked at him.
"What?" Tenchi reached out and picked some food out of her hair
and she giggled too. "Ayeaka suggested a family picnic. We're going
at lunch after I'm done at the shrine alright?" Ryokos smiled and
nodded. "Alright. I'll see you there Tenchi." Tenchi took her empty
plate and walked down the stairs. Ryoko watched him go and sighed
happily.

  Tenchi finished sweeping the stairs and his grandfather was buisy in
his office with one of the shrine patrons. He put his broom away and
changed out of his shrine clothes. Walking back to the house he saw
the other girls except Ryoko heading out the door. "Where'd Ryoko
go?" Sasami grinned up at him and Ayeaka frowned. "She offered
to set the picnic up for us. She's alot cheerier today." Tenchi nodded.
"It's probably because she got some real sleep for the first time in
months. Where did she say she's meet us?" Mihoshi smiled and told
him, "She said you'd know. Something about a hot potato." Tenchi
grinned and lead the way to the shrine. He remembered when he was
a boy camping outside the cave. He had burned his fingers on a
potato he had been cooking. But for some reason he couldn't
remember when he had told Ryoko about it.
  When they finaly got there Washu was the first to see Ryoko. "Hey
little Ryoko, it was so sweet of you to set up for us." Ryoko smirked
and responded, "Why thank you MOM." Tenchi looked at her
smiling and stopped in his tracks. Ryoko was dressed in one of his
mother's old kimonos. She saw him looking and blushed. "I hope you
don't mind Tenchi. I promise to be real careful and not rip it." He
smiled and nodded. "It's alright Ryoko. You look great. Sleep must
agree with you." She and he laughed at the same time. Mihoshi turned
to Ayeaka. "What's so funny?" Ayeaka was pretending she hadn't
noticed how close Tenchi and Ryoko were acting when she and the
others sat down on the picnic blanket, but it wasn't easy. She had this
awful feeling that somehow Ryoko had gotten very close to Tenchi,
and she had done it without trying to. That meant Ayeaka couldn't
stop it or fight back.
  After they had begun eating Sasami and Ryo-oki finished first. They
ran off to play. Tenchi smiled and watched them nostalgicly. Ryoko
did to and made the comment that, "Tenchi used to play alot like that
when he was younger." Tenchi turned to look at her suprised and
swallowed the bite of sandwich he was eating. "Ryoko, you've said
things like that before. I don't remember telling you that. Did you
talk to Dad or Grandpa about it?" Ryoko blushed and nibbled on her
slice of watermelon. She mumbled a quiet, "No..." Tenchi was not
ready to drop the subject though. "Then how do you know so much
about me when I was a baby."
  Ayeaka knew this story. She had heard it once in the baths. If
Tenchi heard it Ryoko might get an edge up. That was why she had
laughed and dismissed it with insults. The odd thing was that in all the
fights they had had that was the only time she had made Ryoko cry.
"Tenchi she obviously doesn't want to talk about it." Tenchi blushed
and looked down. "You're right Ayeaka. I'm sorry I was so nosey
Ryoko. You probably saw it in a photoalbum or something. I
shouldn't have butted in." Ryoko looked up at him and smiled. "It's
alright Tenchi. If you realy want to know..." Ayeaka clenched her
teeth. She had made a mistake and she knew it. "...I used to watch
you when you were a child. I learned how to leave my body. Actualy
you used to be able to see me. But when your grandmother..."
She stopped and bit her lip. Tenchi's eyes fell down to his food. He
remembered that day all to well.
  Mihoshi looked at them. "When his grandmother what?" Tenchi
looked up with a tear at the corner of his eye. "She died Mihoshi."
Mihoshi covered her mouth and moved to appologize, but Tenchi
stopped her. "No it's alright Mihoshi. You didn't know." Tenchi
looked towards Ryoko. "You were there?" She nodded looking
down at the watermelon in her hand. Mihoshi smiled, "Well I think it
is nice that you had someone to share it with." Tenchi smiled for a
second, then frowned again. "I seem to remember... but then you
stopped coming. I couldn't find you anymore." He looked up at
Ryoko. "I don't know what happened Tenchi. I was there. I tried to
hold you, to comfort you. But you couldn't see me any more." He
nodded and looked down again.
  Mihoshi saw that everyone was sad. Finaly she looked up and
said, "What kind of games did you two play before that?" Ryoko
smiled and stared off into the distance. "Well that depended on what
Tenchi had been reading. I used to just do illusions for him at random
when he was a baby, but he started suggesting games after a while."
Tenchi grinned vaguely remembering. A bit more fell into place every
time Ryoko said something. She saw him start to smile again and
decided to go on. "Like that time you brought that book of fairy tales
to the cave. You read some to me and I made lions and dragons for
you to fight. Castles for you to get into." Tenchi gasped and his face
broke out into a grin. "Save the princess from the castle. I remember
now." He looked at her and laughed. "Remember how I reacted
when it came time to wake the princess up?" Ryoko giggled and
looked at him. "You were downright grossed out at it. I guess that's
something you never grew out of." Tenchi blushed. "Well I wouldn't
say that." Ryoko blushed too.
  Ayeaka didn't like any of this one bit. Chewing on some potato
chips she felt the urge to blast Ryoko into dust. The worst part was
that if this game went like they said that meant that in Tenchi's eyes
Ryoko could be a princess. That cut out Ayeaka's main advantage
over Ryoko. Ofcouse Ayeaka knew she was still prettier and a
calmer person than Ryoko... but then again since she had woken up
this morning Ryoko seemed alot calmer. And her eyes were no longer
ringed and bloodshot.
  Sasami came around the corner holding an old net. "Hey Tenchi,
what's this for?" Tenchi laughed and looked at her and Ryo-oki. "I
used to use that to chase butterflies. You catch them with the net and
when you've had a chance to look at then you let them go. But be
careful and don't touch their wings ok?" Sasami smiled and nodded
then she and Ryo-oki disapeared into the forest.
  Washu noticed that Ayeaka was become more comfortable since
Tenchi and Ryoko had stopped talking about his past. She'd
obviously heard this before. Washu almost brought the conversation
back that way, but decided to be a bit nicer to the princess because
Ryoko felt so good. "You know Ryoko, your brother was a very
cute baby too." Everyone turned to her. Ayeaka took the cue as
Washu knew she would. "You never talk much about him. Who was
he exactly?" Washu sighed and her form melted into her adult self.
"He was rather adorable. I loved him and his father alot. But I'd
barely had him a year when my husbands family took them away from
me." Tears fell from her eyes. It seemed her little conversation starter
had backfired. "I miss him sometimes. Moran never even called me
his mommy befor he was taken." She looked up at Ryoko. "You
were going to be my baby too. Not a replacemtn for Moran, but still
my baby. But Kagato took you before you could call me mom too."
  Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeaka all reached out to touch Washu's
shoulders at the same time. She smiled up at them. "Taro was the
only baby that ever called me mom." She stopped talking having
trouble breathing. Ryoko looked at her and smiled. "Look Washu, I
know it wasn't your fault. You didn't know what Kagato would do.
I don't think I can call you mom like you want, but I know that you
would have been a great one." Washu smiled back at her and nodded
in understanding. Mihoshi however was curious, "Did you say your
babies name was Moran? That's funny." Washu turned and looked at
her, "Why is that funny?"
  Mihoshi shrugged, "Nothing. it's just that that's my grandfather's
name. You know, the marshal. He's about twenty thousand years
old too." Washu looked at Mihoshi in shock. Could it be true? "Um,
Mihoshi, what is your grandfather's last name?" Mihoshi shrugged.
"I don't know. I never asked." Washu bit her lip. "What about your
great grandfather? What's his name?" Mihoshi shrugged. "I'm not
sure. I think it was Mal... something." Washu bit her lip and
whispered, "Wash it Malcome?" Mihoshi's eyes lit up. "Yeah that was
it. Mom and dad never let grandpa talk about him, but grandpa
always said he was a good man. How did you know his name
Washu?" More tears fell onto Washu's cheeks. "Because he was my
husband."
  Everyone gasped. Mihoshi looked at her and said, "Does thatt mean
that you're..." Mihoshi paused and everyone looked at her
expectantly. Ryoko clasped her hand over Mihoshi's mouth before
she could continue. "Think very carefuly about this Mihoshi." Mihoshi
nodded and waited a minute. "Um... grandma?" Washu smiled and
nodded. Sasami peeked out of the bushes. "Hey that means Ryoko
and Washu are related to Mihoshi. And since I'm Tsunami  that
means we are too. Wow!" Tenchi looked at the others who all stared
at eachother. Ryoko grinned wickedly. Just because she had a little
sleep didn't mean she'd changed completely. "Well Tenchi still isn't
related to me by blood... yet." Tenchi blushed and Ayeaka turned on
her angrily. "What exactly is that supposed to mean Ryoko?" Ryoko
smiled and said, "Well you're Tenchi's grandaunt aren't you? And I
thought you loved Yosho. Just because he's old did you latch onto
Tenchi?"
  Ayeaka's face grew red again and she summoned her logs to
surround Ryoko. Tenchi quickly grabbed the master key and shut
them off. Ayeaka and Ryoko were suprised. Then Ryoko turned to
Tenchi and yelled, "You could have turned them off like that every
time she was zapping me?" Tenchi nodded. "I guess. But usualy you
both tell me to stay out of it and seem to enjoy blastin eachother. It's
not like Ayeaka can realy hurt you that bad Ryoko." Ryoko sighed
and shrugged. Tenchi turned back to Washu, but Ayeaka stopped
him before he could continue.
  "What do you mean I can't hurt her?" She demanded. Tenchi sighed
and looked at Ayeaka. "You and I have both seen her fight for real.
I mean she only had that one emergency gem and Washu says that if
she'd used her full power at that point she would have vaporised you.
Now could you both stop playing around so we can get back to
this?" Ryoko sighed and looked bak at Washu, but Ayeaka stared
ahead and just nodded numbly.
  "So Washu, " Tenchi continued. "What are you going to do now?"
Washu sucked her lip and looked back at Mihoshi. "Do you think
you could give me your grandfather's number for his communicator.
Mihoshi smiled pleasantly, still eating. Between bites of food she
gave Washu the number. Without even bothering to return to her
normal form she quickly ran back down the path to the house. Tenchi
looked at Ryoko. "Well it seems Mihoshi is like your grandniece or
something." Ryoko nodded and smiled. "Well that explains how she
keeps getting into Washu's lab when she had DNA scanners all over
the place. And... Hey! Mihoshi you just ate the last sandwich!"

  After that they got up to leave. Tenchi and Sasami tried to pack the
plates and things back up but Ayeaka stopped them. "No, I'll do it.
It'll give me time to think." Tenchi grinned and nodded. "I know what
you mean." Ayeaka turned to him in suprise. "You do?" He nodded
and said, "Yeah. having Mihoshi being related to the royal family. I
mean wow. And since Washu was a goddess who knows where that
puts her and Ryoko in the royal family." Ayeaka's eyes bulged out.
She hadn't even thought of that. Now it turned out that Ryoko was
a member of the royal family and descended from Tsunami's sister.
But then again Tsunami was also Ayeaka's sister. Suddenly her head
started to hurt and she had to stop thinking about it. (Ok, the author
is the one getting the headache with all these religious implications).
  Ayeaka instead started focusing on what Tenchi had said. He was
absolutely right. Ryoko had single handedly brought the entire planet
of Jurai to it's knees. If Yosho hadn't chased her off the planet (and
some say Tsunami helped him with that) then Kagato would have
had her destroy the entire planet. There was no way that one Juaian
without the master key could have even come close to her with all her
gems. And with only one replacement gem if Ayeaka hadn't been
there Ryoko would have vaporized Kagato. And Kagato had
managed to swat Ayeaka away like a fly.
  Through every fight Ayeaka hd had with Ryoko she had been using
every ounce of power in her to fight. But Ryoko had only been
playing. Even the guardians had been easily sweaped away by Zero.
All Ayeaka's fighting, all her trying to teach Ryoko a leasson, trying
to keep her away from Tenchi. In all the universe only a handful of
beings had power to match Ryoko and Ayeaka wasn't one of them.
Suddenly a horrible thought accured to her. What if Tenchi gave
Ryoko her gems back? No, despite her hatered of the space pirate
she knew that Ryoko no longer had any interest in hurting anyone.
She didn't even realy want to hurt Ayeaka.
  Tears fell from Ayeaka's eyes as she remembered what had started
the last fight. 'You're Tenchi's grandaunt aren't you? And I thought
you loved Yosho.' The words rang through her brain over and over.
On Jurai it was no big deal to marry family. It was easy since there
was already a bond to start with. But on Earth it was different. Like
on many other worlds family doesn't marry.
  As she put the last plate into the basket her resolve strenthened.
There was one peice of information she needed before she gave up.

  That night when she arrived home she found Sasami cooking dinner.
As she put the basket and plates away she casualy asked, "Sasami,
have you ever read any of these fairy tales?" Sasami giggled. "Yeah,
they're great. Hero's fighting monsters, talking animals, and all sorts
of fun things." Ayeaka bit her lip. She wasn't sure how to ask this so
just came out and said it. "And how do they wake up a princess
locked in a castle?" Sasami thought about it for a second. "I think the
prince has to fight his way into the castle, then kiss the princess."
  Ayeaka gasped and dropped the plate she was holding. "Sasami
looked at her worried and said, "What's wrong Ayeaka?" Ayeaka
just shook her head and ran upstairs. On the way she passed Tenchi
and the others in the livingroom. Tenchi and Ryoko were sharing
more stories. Stopping she examined Tenchi and Ryoko's faces. He
looked up at her and she saw it. A slight change in the light of his
eyes. It didn't actualy dim or fade. It just became... familiar. It was
love, but it was the love she saw in Sasami's eyes when she looked at
Ayeaka and in her parents eyes when they looked at her.
  She couldn't be mad at him, or Ryoko either. Neither realy wanted
to hurt her and in reality neither had. Both of them loved eachother
and didn't even know it yet. Tenchi smiled at her, "Are you alright
Ayeaka?" Ayeaka nodded and smiled with tears in her eyes. "I'm
fine. I just... have something to think about." Ayeaka walked up the
stairs crying and smiling at the same time. Ryoko and Tenchi looekd
at eachother. "I guess she wants to be alone." Ryoko said. Tenchi
nodded his agreement. Suddenly Mihoshi jumped up, "Hey it's time
for Dragonball Z." Tenchi and Ryoko smiled and turned to the
television.

  Washu had just finished talking with her son. They had had a long
and teary reunion. It turned out that Washu's hasband had died a long
time ago. Moran had grown up and tried to raise his own daughter
right but the rest of the family had told her that Washu's marriage was
a disgrace to the family. When her parents had died though Moran
had raised her to be more reaspectful and kept her out of the families
way.
  Washu smiled and nodded. "You did a good job, but she is a bit
accident prone." Moran blushed and shrugged. "Well she's
considered  one of the best officers on the force." Washu agreed. "I
have to admit she does some amazing things. I still don't know how
she found Dr.Clay's ship. But for some reason she can't seem to do
much right with her cube..." It went on like that for an hour as they
traded stories until the ran out of things to talk about. "Well mother, I
guess I'll talk to you later alright?" Washu flipped the switch and sat
back happier than she'd been in millenia. Looking over her adult form
she smiled and decided to keep it.
  Sasami tapped her on the shoulder, "Um Washu?" Washu turned
and smailed at the little girl. "What is it Sasami? You look worried."
Sasami bit her lip and said, "Ayeaka got real upset earlier about some
thing and I was wondering if you might know what's wrong." She told
Washu about the fairy tales Ayeaka had asked about. Washu
frowned and said, "Uh oh. I think she might be upset about a game
Ryoko and Tenchi used to play. Do you want me to go talk with her
Sasami?" Sasami nodded and hugged her. "Thanks Washu. You're a
great sister." Washu smiled and rubbed the girl's head. They walked
out of the lab and Washu headed upstairs while Sasami went into the
kitchen.
  Washu knocked gently on Ayeaka's door. "Ayeaka, can I talk with
you?" Ayeaka opened the door and said, "Oh, hello Miss Washu.
What do you wish to talk about?" Washu walked into the room and
sat down on the bed looking around. "Sasami asked me to check up
on you. She's very worried." Ayeaka blushed and covered her mouth.
"Oh I'm sorry. I should have been more considerate. I was just..."
Washu nodded. "I figured that much out from what Sasami told me.
Are you going to be alright?" Ayeaka nodded. "Yes. It was just a
shock. I can't realy be mad at them though or sad. We all care about
eachother and there is no way I can change how he feels so... I'm
just going to be happy for them." Washu lay back on the bed. "I am
realy suprised Ayeaka. I thought you'd probably blow something up
or be up here crying for weeks." Ayeaka smiled and shook her head.
  Washu turned to look at her. "Not that I'd blame you though. I
would have liked to marry Tenchi myself." Ayeaka sat down next to
Washu. "I know. We all wanted to, but Ryoko won out in the end.
Do you know hte funny part though?" Washu shook her head. "They
don't know it yet." Both of them broke out laughing. Tsunami
disapeared from the mirror then to go tell Sasami.

  That night Ryoko got into bed with Tenchi, once again promising
not to try anything unless he wanted her to. Tenchi just grinned and
lay down next to her. Neither of them fell asleep for quite some time.
"You know Ryoko, if you want I'll give you your gems back
whenever you want." Ryoko turned and looked at him. "I know
Tenchi. But I don't realy care either way." He nodded and bit his lip.
"I just didn't want you to feel there was anything keeping you here if
you wanted to leave."
  Ryoko smiled at him. "Why would I ever want to leave?" Tenchi
shrugged. "I don't know. I mean you can go to any place in the entire
universe and you stay here." Ryoko smiled and said, "Everything I
could ever want in the universe is right here Tenchi. Friends, family,
this beutiful world, and the one person in the universe I love more
than anything else." He turned and saw her staring into his eyes. He
smiled back and blushed lightly. "Tenchi?"
  "Yes Ryoko?" She looked out his window staring at the night sky.
"I know I tease Ayeaka alot, but every time I told you I love you I
meant it." He smiled at her. "I know that Ryoko. I love you too." She
couldn't believe her ears. "You mean it Tenchi?" He nodded. She
smiled and hugged him. Tenchi smiled and hugged her back. Both of
them fell asleep in eachother's arms.

The end

Author's note
  Well here is yet another long and involved Tenchi fan fic. Hope you
liked it cause if you didn't you just waisted alot of time reading.
If you did like it feel free to email me at clayton_n@hotmail.com
