All of T.M. universe is the property of Pioneer,  and the creation of
genius extrordinaire, Hiroki Hayashi. I am just a fan wishing to see his
charaters in even more situations. That said, please enjoy. 

                          Lonely Girl's Folley

	1:30 read the clock on the wall behind the students. “Misaokun! School
is not out yet, if I catch you looking back there at that clock one more
time You will be assigned someone else’s spot for cleaning the room for
a week, and as you are far enough behind on your studies...” Misao just
stopped listening as her mouth automatically uttered the word it had
been programmed to default to, “Hai...Hai...Hai.” Sometimes it was Hai
Sensei, or Hai Okaasan, the name it was attached to was really
insignificant, as it was simply her way of getting through reprimand,
bad news, or any of the many other things she would rather not hear.
Misao had never been a cheerful girl. Polite, yes. Cooperative, in the
extreme, but only in the spirit of fear. Fear of rejection, fear of
being singled out. All she wanted was a friend, a friend she did not
have to toss her security blanket in order to keep. Sasami was that
person. Sasami was cheerful enough for everyone in Tokyo, and everyone
loved her for it. Misao often thought (and not wholly inaccurately) that
Sasami’s friendship somehow justified her existence. The other children
knew that Misao was part of  the Sasami package, and that they would not
aquire her presence without allowing ‘that gloomy rich girl’ to
participate in whatever activity. And Sasami did not mind Misao’s
tagging along in the slightest. Marvel that she is, she was actually
very happy to be able to bring some joy into the life of the saddest
young girl she had ever met. 
	The classroom had all but emptied itself as Misao sat in her desk,
brooding out of the window, she was really in no hurry to get home as
she was sure no one would be there. She’d get there, turn on the radio,
as it depressed her deeper still to watch the lives of television
characters transpire as she idled, cook something simple, (some udon
sounded pretty good) maybe do some homework, although usually she would
just pay someone, and more than likely sneak into some of her mom’s
sake. (A diversion that of late, was becoming too much like a habit)
<Why am I so F*cked u-> “Misao, are you OK?” her thought was interrupted
by the voice of her only friend. “Ha, Hai” She said, catching herself 
giving her standard response, wishing she had something better to say to
the angel standing before her, pink eyes burning blushes of joy into the
lonely girl’s expression starved face. “What are you doing today after
school?” Sasami asked. “Well ...” Misao tried to look as happy as she
could, failing miserably, as she pulled herself out of the desk,
grabbing her bag on the way up. “... I’ll probably just go home and
study, I think my dad’s going to be at the airport tomorrow, mom and I
were going to go see him” Sasami  knew the studying part was a lie, and
figured, since there was no school tomorrow, the girl could probably use
some company. She was becoming increasingly concerned about her friend.
She was always listening to that American styled music, <what was it?
Not jazz, but something after a color. Was it blanc, no that’s was
French>, Sasami hated foreign language. Anyway, it was so depressing,
she didn’t want to hear about Misao overdosing on sleeping pills or that
she was found lying in her own blood with a razor blade. Her concern was
hard to hide. Misao looked up at her puzzled, “Are you all right
Sasami?”
“Huh, oh! Yeah,” Sasami came back to herself  “I was just thinking if I
could come over for a while, if you don’t mind. My mom and her friends
are going out tonight, and that means Ryoko’ll be bothering Tenchi all
night, and me too if I’m there” Misao felt cheer “Sure, that’s fine,
maybe you could even meet my dad tomorrow. I’m sure it’ll be OK with my
mother. She thinks I’m too shut off anyway” “OK, We’ll stop by my house
on the way so I can get some clothes” “OK.” Misao, now obviously very
happy (meaning she smiled in addition to blushing) looked upon the girl
who was her deliverance from the lonesome hell which was her life as she
caught late afternoon sunlight falling through the large window she
faced. Blue green tones developed on her skin as the light deflected
from the linoleum on the floor and the wax coated green graphite of the
desks. Add to that fluorescent lights from the thirty year old fixtures
in the ceiling coming off of  the white sheetrock and it was, well, at
least nostalgic. even though the girls had only been attending the
building for two years prior to this one. 
	The pungently over fragrant cleaning solutions being employed by
various students and janitorial workers as they passed the halls took
the young girls minds to the first awkward (not as much so for Sasami)
years they spent at the secondary school. Now, in their last year there,
their minds had finally started to appreciate the subtle nuances of the
edifice and its inhabitants. Even things as small as the previously
unbearable smell encountered passing the boys lockerroom was now an at
once familiar reminder as to where one was in the complex, time of day,
and whether or not a sports event was being held that day or not. They
would so miss the place. Misao knew that Sasami would definitely go on
to high school and probably even collage. But she was not so sure about
herself. Of course her parents had the money and would probably make her
go anyway. But she was tired of the loneliness, not only at school but
worse still, at home. She would spend a few sweet moments out of every
month with her highly educated, upwardly mobile family unit; but the
daily story was that Misao was home with nothing but a stereo to keep
her company. <Its not like I mean to run people away> She began going
through herself <Its just that I usually don’t have anything to say. I
have no opinions about anything and don’t really want to hear about
anyone else’s. I just want to play. I like to drink my tea in the
company of  music, reading a manga or novel and drifting away from my
world.> The more she thought about her predicament, the more she came to
realize that Sasami was made to order. She was not from here, she
couldn’t be. As she too was content to sit and hypothesize with her
friend, Misao, about impossibly ambitious fantasies until it put them
both asleep. But in the back of her mind kept tumbling the thought that
Sasami would more than likely achieve all of her dreams, ambitious as
they might be, for she was special, a gift to the world, who feared no
one and no thing, in addition to being her only friend. 
	<Why would she ever want me after that , when all I’ll be is some
single old maid with a hacking cough from smoking and a severe alcohol
problem? Or worse yet married to some abusive loser who I only stay with
because he’s the only person who will touch me> she was cut off.
	 “I bet Ryoko’s going to get Tenchi in trouble, especially if my Mom’s
halfway sober when she gets home tonight and Ryoko’s still there,
bothering him. Even though its her fault, My mom’ll blame Tenchi, cause’
he’s a man. Its really not fair, but it sure is funny to see by brother
always under the gun” They were out far enough to make out little more
than the clock tower of the building which was their school. Misao
chuckled out loud. She vicariousy loved Sasami’s brother through all of
the stories the girl told her. It made her feel as if she, too was a
member of a ‘real’ family, especially the way she was received whenever
she visited. Sasami’s mom was always making her sing karaoke with her,
willing or not. Tenchi always smiled at her, dumbly, and what was more,
he would actually touch the girl. Nothing as familial as a hug or
anything, but even his occasional messing of her hair was something that
seemed so ... brotherly, as she would see him bless Sasami with the same
rough headrubs, as if they were a pair of boys. Even their mother’s
friends, Mihoshi and Kyone always treated her as if she was another
little Sasami (although she was a lot more like the girl in the presence
of her whole family, they made it so easy) Even Ryoko would ask her how
she was doing sometimes. 
	Misao sighed with a blushing smile which warmed her empty soul, knowing
what she had in the girl. Her world was intravenously interwoven with
Sasami’s. She knew that if she ever lost her friend she’d just. It was
just too hard to fathom. 
	“OK, You can come in if you want to, I’m just gonna get some clothes
and mess with Tenchi.” Misao nodded and proceeded, always at least a
half pace slower than Sasami. When they entered the house, Tenchi was
peacefully watching TV on the couch with a cold orange pulp drink in
hand, decked in yellow sweat shorts and a white T-shirt, feet propped on
the table, (as they had a western style living room) laughing
hysterically at every punchline spewed forth from the glowing tube,
Yomiyuri Giants baseball cap turned backward on his head. <He is so damn
goofy> Thought the rich girl as she relished in the boy’s simplicity.
“Tenchi!” Sasami had managed to startle a quarter of the boys juice onto
the floor with her unwarranted greeting. “Oh, hi Sasami” Tenchi let out
during his dive into a feverish attempt to absorb as much of the juice
as he could with his sweat shorts as Sasami calmly made her way to the
kitchen and without looking launched a kitchen towel at the boy from
behind her back. “Thank you Sasami” came from under the couch” “Doo
Ita...” Came from an annoyed Sasami headed to her room. “Do you need
some help?” asked Misao, in a concerned tone of voice (really, this was
just her standard inflection) “No, I’ve got it, thanks” replied the
mild-mannered Tenchi. He continued, raising his clueless head with its
usual accompanying innocent grin, catching the girl off guard 
	“Sooooo, how’s your life?” Asked Tenchi. Misao stuttered, “Uhh, well,
uh OK I  gue-” DING DONG, interrupted the doorbell. “I’ll get it,” the
girl volunteered. 
	Ryoko stood in the red, just-before-dawn sky filled doorway, in her
school uniform, skirt hiked up male-salivation causingly high, sweater a
bit tight. “Heeeey!” began to spiel the crazy woman, “Misaochan, it’s
auntie Ryokoooou!” <AUNTIE!?!> Misao thought as she forced an awkward
grin. Ryoko entered without invitation (is she ever really invited?)
“You wouldn’t be trying to steal my little Tenchi would you?” “Eh, heh,
heh,” Misao grinned more awkwardly still. “Nooo, you’re much too
cuuuute.” Ryoko crazed on, scaring everyone. Now wrapped tightly around
a Tenchi who shared Misao’s wierded expression (Except HE was blushing) 
	“Ready!” reported a brightly shining Sasami, bag tossed over her
shoulder. “Ikimashoo ne” Replied a Misao eager to leave a room so
pervaded by shameless female lust. The TV had already been turned off 
and Ryoko was looking at Tenchi in a way which scared the hell out of
both of the younger girls. “I’m spending the night at Misao’s,”  Sasami
blurted, with attitude. At this, she could swear she saw Ryoko’s ears
prick. Sasami was obviously angering at her brothers eminent possible
deflowering and spoke up. 	“Ryoko, leave my brother alone, he obviously
doesn’t want you to all over him like some damned Chikan woman. And mom
says if she ever catches you two doing anything, she’ll kick both of
your asses and that of any other parties involved” Ryoko stuck her
tongue out at the little girl, as she was sitting on his lap, and her
female fat fell where the boy had no control, “Tenchiiiiiiiii, do you
want me to goooooo?” All he could do was chuckle goofily. Sasami’s head
lowered as she shook it in hopelessness at the boys inarticulate
response. “Helpless”, she whispered as she followed  Misao out the door.
As they cleared the brief walkway to the sidewalk Sasami could already
hear the strange, highly sexual rhythms of American style music, coming
from the high fidelity karaoke machine in thier living room. <Dammned
American music>, she thought, as Misao looked at her with a look that
said; “Ooooohhhhhhhhhhhh”

This story is going somewhere, I promise, please be patient with it.
More2come. Look for better written material in the future. Please feel
free to contact me with anything at dvoid@Home.com or at
nippophile@Home.com
Also, if you like, Email me about my 3 part El Hazrd fic.
