I make no claim on the characters in this story and am not making any money
off of this... unless my devoted fans wish to send money.;)
Just so you know in several of my fics I said that Ryoko and Tenchi would
be taking a trip around the universe. I am happy to say that I am finaly 
doing
it.

A Long Trip
By, Clayton Overstreet

  Tenchi and Ryoko stood outside the portal leading into their new ship. 
Their
friends stood around them wishing them luck. Sasami held onto his leg along
with Ryo-oki, "I don't want you to go Tenchi. I'll miss you and the house 
will
be kind of lonely without Ryoko and Ayeaka fighting all the time." Tenchi
smiled and hugged her. "It's alright Sasami. Washu says she's going to set 
up
a deminsion tunnel to her lab in a month, so we can visit eachother. You 
don't
think we can got too long without your cooking do you?" Sasami smiles and
shook her head. Ryoko bent down and rubbed her head, "Don't worry
Sasami, when I visit I promise to tell your sister just what kind of 
uptight,
ugly, mean spirited..." Tenchi cut her off with a look. "Anyway I'll be 
visiting
befor you know it Sasami." Sasami hugged them both and stepped back.
  Washu smiled and nodded. She had finished the tunnel weeks ago, but had
decided to give Tenchi and Ryoko some time together. She hugged them
both and goosed Tenchi. "Hey MOM! I saw that!" Tenchi blushed and
backed away. Mihoshi and Kyonei both hugged Tenchi and Ryoko at once.
After they were done and had backed away, holding hands tightly Tenchi
noticed, Ayeaka stepped forward. "Lord Tenchi, I make no claim to having
approved of your choosing Ryoko, who I feel is a degenerate monster and
one of the worst people I have ever met despite her nobel actions since she
has met you." Tenchi held Ryoko back and was about to say something
when she continued, "However, since you have chosen her she must have
some redeaming qualities I am unaware of so I will support your decision and
just be happy for you." She hugged Tenchi and looked at Ryoko whispering
quietly, "And then there's the fact that I no longer have to bear the
responsibilities of first princess."
  Ryoko bit her knuckles having only just realized that by marrying Tenchi 
she
was now the first princess of Jurai. Then she turned and smiled at Ayeaka
saying, "Well if you think I'm going to let the tutors that made you such a
ssnob anywhere near me you can forget it." Sasami nodded agreement with
Ryoko. Ryo-oki looked up at Ryoko and Tenchi, "Myah?" Ryoko smiled
and looked at her. "You can't take us for two reasons Ryo-oki. First, Sasami
would miss you too much. And second... do you realy want Washu putting a
tunnel in you?" Ryo-oki shook her head vehmenantly and hid behind Sasami.
Everyone laughed except Washu who said, "Hey!" Nobiyuki was taking
pictures while Yosho simply nodded to Tenchi. Ryoko popped her head
out of the hatch and said, "Goodby everyone. See you in a month." Then
she grabbed Tenchi and dragged him into the cockpit. The last thing they
heard befor takeoff was Ayeaka yelling, "Ryoko, how dare you handle lord
Tenchi like that!"

  Once they broke the atmosphere Tenchi turned to Ryoko. "Well where
should we go? You know the universe better than I do." Ryoko smiled and
leaned back. "Tenchi, I saw most of the universe while on raids for Kagato.
There were some beutiful worlds out there... many of which I destroyed."
The smile left her face and a tear fell. "I don't think we'd be wanted on 
any
of the worlds I know."
  Tenchi reached to her and wiped away the tear. "Ryoko you were given a
royal pardon. They broadcast your story across the univese. They even made
a movie about how you were forsed to do all of that by Kagato. I am sure
nobody holds a grudge." She smiled at him and nodded. "Thank you Tenchi.
I guess... yes there are worlds I want to see. And we have all eternity to 
see
them together Tenchi." They kissed and pressed their heads against each
other. "How about Altaris3? They have lovely beaches and this time of year
there is a fair on atleast one of them." Tenchi smiled and nodded, "Sounds
perfect Ryoko."
  The computer repeated the destination and said that it would inform them
when they reached their destination. Tenchi and Ryoko left the bridge and
walked to the living quarters in the back of the ship. Washu had designed
the ship so that it had it's own atmosphere. Open sky appeared above them.
Tenchi had set up a special dinner, made by Sasami before they left, just 
for
him and Ryoko. He had just neglected to tell Ryoko about it.
  When Ryoko saw the table set up with the most delicious food ever,
candles dripping wax, and heard a love song sung by Mihoshi and Kyonei
playing she immdiately turned to Tenchi and hugged him tightly. "Oh Tenchi
it's perfect." Tenchi smiled and hugged her back, "You deserve the best
Ryoko." He bowed low, "Would the First Princess of Jurai care for a seat?"
Ryoko giggled and cutseyed, playign her part well, "Why yes good sir I
believe I would." Tenchi grinned and pulled Ryoko's chair out for her befor
seating himself.
  Once thye were both seated they looked over the food befor them. "I see
Sasami has been experimenting with American cooking again." Tenchi
nodded. "She says it's simple, but tastes great." Ryoko smiled as she took a
bite out of a steak. "Mmm, she's right about the taste." Ryoko looked at
Tenchi and asked why he never seemed to eat much. Tenchi smiled and
said, "Well unlike you my metabolism doesn't burn food down into a perfect
figure."
  Ryoko blushed momentarily at the compliment, then let her foot slide up
Tenchi's leg, "Oh? And what about my figure do you find perfect Tenchi."
Tenchi blushed himself, his face turning entirely red as he felt her touch 
on
his leg. Then he looked into her eyes and everything became calm within him.
"Ryoko, everything is perfect. You are in my opinion the most beutiful, 
nice,
and strong woman in the universe." He reached out and placed a hand on her
cheek, "Inside and out." Ryoko closed her eyes and held his hand against her
face. "Thank you Tenchi. You are the most perfect person I have ever met. I
love you Tenchi." Tenchi smiled and took her hand in his. "I love you too
Ryoko."
  The gems on Ryoko's wrists and forehead (I think that's where it was in 
the
story Yosho told Tenchi wasn't it?) glowed a soft pink. Ryoko opened her
eyes and looked into Tenchi's. "You know Tenchi, I'm not realy that hungry
right now. Do you think that maybe we could do something else..." Ryoko
licked her tongue over her fangs at the last sentence. Tenchi smiled and
nodded leaning over the table. They each blew out a candle and in the
fading light kissed.

  (The management appologizes for having to remove the following scene but
this isn't going to be a lemon. However I give full permission, even if I 
decide
to do it myself some day, for anyone reading this who wants to to fill in 
the
sex in as much detail as possible provided you keep it tasteful and 
romantic.
Aside from that, go nuts!)

  Tenchi lay next to Ryoko as the beutiful space pirate slept next to him. 
He
bent down and kissed the top of her head. "I love you Ryoko." Ryoko
opened an eye and smiled at him. "Do you? Well I'll let you in on a secret."
Tenchi smiled down and waited. "I love you too Tenchi." He smiled and they
kissed again. When they lay back the sky overhead showed strange stars
that Tenchi didn't recognize.
  "Ryoko do you know any of these constalations?" Ryoko shook her head
no. "I don't thing so Tenchi. I love stars though. They are so peaceful and
beutiful." Tenchi smiled and looked at her. "Sounds like you Ryoko." Ryoko
shook her head. "I am not peaceful Tenchi. I have caused so much harm..."
Tenchi put his hand over her mouth. She looked at him suprised. "Ryoko I
don't want you te EVER blame yourself for Kagato's control over you. He is
the one who did those things. You have never fought with anyone who didn't
do anything to you first. You are a beutiful, kind, and loving person. And I
wont let anyone say otherwise, least of all YOU. Understand?"
  Tears fell from Ryoko's eyes and down the back of his hand. She nodded
and Tenchi removed his hand. For several minutes they lay there in silence.
Then their eyes closed and they both fell asleep.

  "WE HAVE ARRIVED AT OUR DESTINATION. PLEASE COME TO
THE BRIDGE TO CONFIM A LANDNG SPOT WITH LOCAL
AUTHORITIES." The computer repeated for the thrid time. Tenchi and
Ryoko got up and dressed. On their way to the bridge they noticed that
Washu's robots had put the food away and cleared the table already
preparing breakfast.
  They arrived on the bridge and turned on the companel. "This is Tenchi
Misaki, crown prince of Jurai requesting permission to dock for... how long
will we be here Ryoko?" She bit her lip and thought. "I'd say three days
atleast Tenchi." Tenchi smiled and turned back to the panel. "Three days for
myself and my wife." They waited a minute for a responce. "Acknowledged
your magisty. Docking bay 23 is available." Tenchi thanked them and set
the controls. Ryoko put her arms around him. "Tenchi, I was wondering how
we are going to pay for this. This is a resort planet and it's not exactly 
cheap."
  Tenchi smiled at Ryoko and opened a compartment in the ceiling. He held
up a small crdit card with Washu's face on it. "A wedding present from
Washu. She says if we use this anywhere we have unlimited funds." Ryoko
smiled and shook her head. "Sometimes one of her inventions actualy comes
in handy." Tenchi gave her a matching card. "We can't go to crazy with this
Ryoko." She pouted and looked at him pleadingly. "You mean I can't buy
myself a new wardrobe." Tenchi shook his head nod. She pouted more, then
looked up. "A new swimsuit." Tenchi grinned and nodded. Ryoko hugged
him tightly.

  When they arrived on the planet several security personel were there to
meet them, "Hello your magisties. Welcome to Altaris3. Is there anything we
can do for you?" Tenchi smiled and nodded. "We could use a ride to a
beachside hotel if that's alright. Ryoko has told me such good things about
the beaches here. Is there one with a fair going on at the moment?" The
head security man nodded, "Yes sir. There is a fair at Nova beach at the
moment. It is going on for another week I belive." Tenchi nodded his thanks
to the men as they lead him and Ryoko to a flying car.
  "Um, excuse me your magisty, but did you say Ryoko told you about this
world?" The driver of the car asked. Tenchi nodded but befor he could say
anything Ryoko said, "Yes. Why do you ask?" The driver rubbed the back
of his head. "Oh... I knew you knew her, but I wouldn't think she'd have any
realy opinion, what with her being controled by that Kagato guy. By the way
I'm Halik." Ryoko smiled, "Well Halik, I may not have been in control of
,yself, but I saw everything. My name is Ryoko, glad to meet you."
  The car skidded to a hault and Halik turned around, "Y-you're Ryoko. I
thought you were Prince Tenchi's wife." Tenchi smiled and nodded. "She is.
Is that a problem?" Halik shook his head, "No sir, it's just... well Ryoko 
is
kind of a hero of my daughter, ever since those movies were made about
you two. And I was kinda wondering if I could get an autograph for her?"
Ryoko smiled and nodded. Splitting into two people one of her floated
infront of the car with the cammera. Snapping a quick picture of the three 
of
them she signed it and handed it to Halik. "Thank you your magisties."
  The car started moving again and was soon at the Nova beach hotel. They
were put up in the royal sweet. "Wow, not this is nice!" Ryoko said.
Tenchi had to agree. "You're right. I've never been in such a nice place."
Ryoko nodded, "Me either. It's been cold metal rooms, and stone caves for
most of my life. Befor this the nicest place I'd ever slept was at your 
house."
Tenchi smiled at her, "Well I don't care where I sleep aslong as you are
there." They kissed and then went about unpacking.
  Ryoko finished and looked around. "Looks like I need to get that swimsuit
sooner than expected. As you can see I didn't expect swimming on this trip
Tenchi." Tenchi glanced at her pile of clothes and his eyes almost bulged 
out
of his head. There were about thirteen different pairs of linger'e. Some
leather, some silk, some crotchless. Ryoko covered his eyes, "Hey, leave
some suprises for later." Tenchi blushed and looked at her. He had already
changed into a t-shirt and swim trunks. "Ok, I think I saw a store in the 
hotel
lobby. Want to swing by there on the way out?"
  They spent the next ten minutes trying to find her a swimsuit. When they 
did
it was a white thong. "Where did your clothes go Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.
She smiled, "I just phased out of them. Ready to go Tenchi?" Tenchi nodded.
He was carrying a blanket, an umbrella, and a picnic basket. All of which
they set up on the beach. Tenchi noticed several people looking at Ryoko
and admiring her bathing suit.
  "Hey Tenchi! What are you doing here?" Tenchi and Ryoko both turned
and saw Mihoshi and Kyonei standing behind them. "Hi guys. We're here on
our trip. What are you doing here?" Kyonei blushed and smiled, "We had
some vacation time and decided to have some fun. We had no idea you two
would be here." Ryoko smiled and hugged them. "Well we're glad you
showed up. We don't know anybody else around here. Want to have some
of out lunch with us?" Mihoshi nodded, "Thank you Ryoko. We've been
having to cut back a bit to afford this. We saved up alot of money from out
GP pay, but still we had to give up lunch so we could afford it."
  They sat down and ate for a while. Ryoko turned to Mihoshi, "So what
have you two been doing so far?" Mihoshi smiled, "Well we just got in afew
hours ago. We left right after you did. Last night we played strip poker and
today we were going to rest up on the beach and tan." The others had almost
choked when she mentioned strip poker. Kyonei grit her teeth and looked at
her partner, "Mihoshi, remember what we said about thinking befor you say
things?" Mihoshi nodded, then looked appologetic. "I'm sorry Kyonei. I
forgot. "She leaned forward and gave Kyonei a quick kiss on the mouth. "Do
you forgive me?" Kyonei sighed and nodded, "Don't I always?" They hugged
and turned back to Tenchi. "What have you two done so far?"
  Ryoko smiled and said, "Tenchi arranged a delicious dinner, then we had
some fun, and fell asleep in eachother's arms." Mihoshi sighed and smiled at
them. "Oh that sounds sooo romantic. Don't you think Kyonei?" Kyonei
smiled and nodded, "Very. I wish we could afford something like that."
Ryoko smiled and produced her card from inside her bikini. "Here you go.
We have more on the ship." Kyonei looked at it then at Ryoko, "What's
this?" Ryoko told her. Both she and Mihoshi stared at it. "Wow, thank you
Ryoko!" Kyonei carefuly took the card and put it in the pocket of her 
shorts.
  Later they got together again to go to the fair together. Tenchi had on a
solid black long sleaved shirt and some black pants, Ryoko wore a white
dress, and had laced a shining string through her hair. Kyonei wore matching
dresses, Kyonei's royal blue and Mihoshi's was blood red. Tenchi
smiled, "Nice outfits guys."Kyonei and Mihoshi blushed. "We couldn't have
gotten them without that card you gave us. But you two look fantastic."
Ryoko blushed and said, "Well enough compliments. Lets have some fun."
Ryoko slid her arm around Tenchi's at the same time Mihoshi did Kyonei's.
"Kyonei can we go on some of the rides first?" Asked Mihoshi. Kyonei
looked at Ryoko and Tenchi who nodded. They all walked over to the ticket
booth. After that Mihoshi lead the way to the rides. Tenchi was amazed at
some of them. Next they moved on to some games. Zero gravity lazer tag
was won by Ryoko, who had the most experience floating. Then Kyonei
insisted on the bumper cars.
  Ryoko stopped them all infront of the fun house, "Can we try this one
please? I've never been in one before." Kyonei grinned and gave the tickets
to the man with tenticles infront. Once inside they entered a maze of two 
way
mirrors. Everyone giggled when Ryoko walked head first into one of the
clear panels. Rubbing her nose Ryoko frowned and walked down the path
followed by the others... who almost immediately bumped into the mirrir that
Ryoko had walked through a moment before. Tenchi helped them up and
smiled at Ryoko who was making sure he wasn't hurt. "Well I guess that
shows us."
  Once they escaped from the funhouse it was Tenchi's turn to pick
something. "How about the tunel of love? I'm in the mood for something
relaxing." The girls snicker and he heard Kyonei say, "The tunnel of love
relaxing huh? You are from a very backwards planet Tenchi." He was going
to ask what she meant when Ryoko pulled him into the little boat. Kyonei
and Mihoshi got in behind them. As the doors closed behind them the
screams began.
  When they came out the other side Mihoshi and Tenchi each had their dates
in a death lock. Truth be told Ryoko and Kyonei were holding them the
same way most of the way through, but had let go when they had gotten out.
tenchi was babbling, "Ryoko if we die on this thing I always want you to
know that I love you." Mihoshi was looked up Kyonei, "Um... me to
Kyonei." Ryoko tapped Tenchi on the shoulder, "Well befor you write out
your will Tenchi, open your eyes." He shook his head. His eyes had been
tightly shut since the first three minutes. "Not a chance!"
  Ryoko kissed him and he calmed down. When she broke apart he peeked
out. taking a deep breath he looked at her. "That was the scaroest thing I
have ever experienced." Ryoko smiled and held him close. Kyonei was
impressed with Ryoko's way of calming Tenchi and decided she's better do
the same unless she wanted to die of oxygen deprivation. Quickly she bent
down and kissed Mihoshi on the lips. Sh felt Mihoshi's grip slacken a bit 
and
smiled when Mihoshi looked into her eyes. "It's ok Mihoshi, the rides over."
Mihoshi smiled and said, "Can we go again?" Everyone screamed, "No!"

  Tenchi and Ryoko lay on their balcony and let the cool sea air pass over
them. It had been two days and tommarow they were going to have to leave.
Kyonei and Mihoshi had gone earlier that afternoon, saying they had to get
back to the Sol system by tommarow.
  Watching the sun set with Ryoko Tenchi couldn't picture a more perfect
moment in his entire life. "Ryoko, thank you for brining me here." Ryoko
turned and smiled. "You're welcome Tenchi, but remember this is only the
begining." The sun set at that momment and they were basked in the glow of
two moons, one green and one yellow.

  A month later Tenchi and Ryoko's ship was docked at a ski resort in a
galaxy he'd never even heard of. Washu had activated the dimensionaly
tunel and they were all having a happy reunion. Sasami hugged Tenchi and
Ryoko while Ryo-oki did the same. Ayeaka too hugged them before she
remembered her training and simply bowed. Washu smiled and examined her
tunnel, "As always it worked perfectly. I am a genius." Ryoko hugged her
and said, "We know you are a genius mom." Washu smiled and hugged
Ryoko. Then she looked at Tenchi, "She hasn't been to much for you has
she Tenchi?" Tenchi shook his head and put his arm around Ryoko. "Nope,
just enough." Ryoko kissed his cheek and then playfully said, "He's almost
too much for me. On our first stop we went to a fair and he was the one who
suggested we go on the tunnel of love." The other's grinned, ":We know.
Mihoshi told us." Tenchi blushed and glanced at the blonde officer.
  Nobiyuki hugged his son, "I've missed you Tenchi. How has your trip been
my son?" Tenchi gave a non-commital answer. Then Yosho stepped forward
and asked, "Have you been training while in space?" Tenchi bowed and said
that yes he had. Sasami made a huge feast for them all and they ate until 
they
were stuffed.
  Tenchi looked at his father, "Hey it's a weekend. Why don't you guys stay
here and join us skiing?" The others readily agreed and Tenchi lead the way
to the hotel. Once everyone was settled in and dressed warmly they headed
for the slopes. Ryoko, Washu, Kyonei, and Yosho had no problems skiing
and doing amazing tricks. Nobiyuki knew enough to have some fun, but the
others decided to sign up for leasons. Sasami said she and Ryo-oki would
stick to the slead they had brought with them. Tenchi had a snowboard.
  Ryoko smiled at Tenchi, "Hey Tenchi, how about a race? First one to the
botton names the prize?" Tenchi smiled and nodded. "When do we go?"
Ryoko grinned and said, "Now," just before she took off down the hill.
Tenchi jumped after her. The others watched, cheering them on. Ryoko
took a quick glance behind her and saw Tenchi was about to pass her.
Planting sharply she flew into the air. Tenchi saw her and hit a snowbank,
flying after her holding the bottom of his board. They both hit the bottom 
at
the same time.
  They grinned and nodded to eachother. "Nascar rules?" Tenchi asked.
Ryoko looked at him strangely. "What's that?" Tenchi smiled and rubbed her
cheek, "It means the winner gets to kiss the pretty lady." Ryoko chuckled
and nodded. Tenchi leaned forward and kissed her. Just then Sasami came
running up. "Wow! That was so cool! How did you two do that?" They both
smiled at her and rubbed her hair. "You just need a little practice that's 
all
Sasami." Sasami smiled. "Hey do you two want to build snowmen with me
and Ryo-oki?"
  Ryoko looked at Sasami strangely. "Snowmen? How do you build men out
of snow?" Sasami giggled and tugged her arm. "Come on and I'll show you."
Tenchi and Ryoko followed Sasami to where Ryo-oki was making a huge
snowball. Ayeaka was there and had stacked two ontop of eachother
already. Ryoko smiled, "Oh so that's how you do it." Tenchi looked at
Sasami and said, "Do you know how to make snowangels?" She nodded
and grinned playfuly. Then almost simultaniously they both fell onto their
backs.
  Ryoko looked at them stunned, "Tenchi, Sasami are you alright? What's
wrong?" Sasami and Tenchi laughed and began moving their arms and legs.
"We're making snow angels Ryoko. See the shape this makes around us?
The trick is getting up without stepping in it." Ryoko looked down at them.
"Hmm, it does kind of look like an angel." She fell back and did what they
were doing. tenchi sat up and stared at her for a second. "Now that is an
angel." Ryoko smiled and floated up. "Did I make a good angel Tenchi?" He
nodded and hugged her.
  Suddenly a snowball hit him in the side of the head. Tenchi dived down and
looked around. "That's enough lover boy. Lets havew some real fun now."
Washu yelled from behing a snow drift just befor launching another snow
ball at Ryoko. Sasami, Ryoko and Tenchi dived behind another drift.
"Washu we'll get you for that!" Sasami yelled. Washu laughed maniacly. "Not
a chance. We've got you outnumbered. I've got the guys, Mihoshi, and
Kyonei over here." "Myah!" "And Ryo-oki." Ryoko growled and yelled back
at them, "Ryo-oki you traitor." Then Ryoko launched a snowball and heard
the satisfying sound of Yosho saying, "Ah that's cold!"
  Ryoko looked at Sasami and Tenchi, "How about we even the odds a bit?"
Sasami nodded. Ryoko split into two and Tsunami appeared near Sasami.
Tenchi grinned, "Now that's more like it." Snowballs began flying from both
sides for the next five minutes. Then the Ryoko's gathered up a huge pile 
and
teleported over to the other snow bank. Tenchi heard the othes let out a
startled scream just befor it was muffled by three feet of snow. "Give up 
yet
you guys?" Ryoko asked. A white flag made from a ski pole and what
looked like Nobiyuki's underwear.
  Later after everyone had time to change clothes and warm up Tenchi
treated them all to dinner in the hotel dining room. "Thanks Tenchi. It's 
been
a while since I've had any food that I didn't make, " Sasami said. He smiled
and patted her head, "No problem Sasami. You deserve a break. But could
you do me one little favor?" Sasami nodded, "Sure, what?" Tenchi held up
the menu, "Could you tell me what on this menu me and dad can eat? I don't
want to take to many chances with alien food." Sasami smiled and poited out
a type of meat similar to beef, but with a distinctly green tinge to it. 
"Don't
worry it's not spoiled. It's just part plant." Tenchi thanked her and 
everyone
got to eating.

  For the next few years this was how Tenchi and Ryoko lived. They ate
meals at home, and visited with their family often. They visited thousands 
of
worlds, some never befor seen by anyone. Ryoko had twin children and
raised them to be terrific people. But in all their travels, in all the 
universe they
never found a world that matched the beuty of Earth. Some say this is why
Tenchi refused the thrown of Jurai when Asuza retired. Not to many
complained because another nobel stepped forward and claimed the thrown.
He was a good ruler and everything went well for the Jurai empire. When
Asuza and his wives left Jurai, they never told anyone where they were 
going,
but a short time later they moved in with Tenchi's family and helped them
raise Ryoko's children.
  Nobiyuki taped everything that happened, and when he died at the age of
97, he told them all how proud he was to have belonged to his family, and
that he would tell Achika hello for them. They in turn promised to remember
him always.

The End

Author's note

Ok, the end got a little phylosophical. But the story was good wasn't it? A
nice trip, exotic locations. All the good stuff. Anything you wsh to add you
may. I'm sure you can think up a thousand other worlds for them to visit and
things for them to do. I'd write it myself except I'm out of ideas for the
moment. To tell me what you think about this email me at the usual place:
clayton_n@hotmail.com
