Lost souls: act 7: the sorbitol  


Welcome to act 7, keep your hands and feet in at all times and enjoy!
Oh and btw I got asked what Lady Ameka, the nova, Temp and Sella looks 
like. Lady Ameka in my mind looks like that chick in sailor moon, the 
one that's in the incense burner that Chibi-chibi has, only younger and 
a different dress and no crown. Temp, in my mind, looks like that dude 
in maho tsuka tai, the gay one, only shorter hair. And Sella looks just 
like the cute kitten in Rose is Rose, that comic in the paper.
For pics of them e-mail me   
And yes, yes, I changed the name, sorry, but this one fits better


"It can't be." Lady Ameka mummered
"Lady Ameka-Chan" Temp bowed deep then straitened
"Temp. Is it . Is it, really you?"
"Yes"
"Oh Temp!" she hugged him around the neck and kissed him with all the 
hart of a lover
"Lady Ameka, you know the rule's, its illegal for you and I to. well, 
be. together"
"I don't care!" there was a want in her voice "I'd give all of jurai 
just to be with you! Ill resign as princess if we can be together!" she 
kissed him again
"But you know we can't, I'm only a underling knight for the prince and 
you. you're. a princess, the princess, the only hair to jurai, we 
mustn't-" she kissed him again "Lady Ameka" he lowered her down-LATER 
THAT NIGHT- Lady Ameka. woke to find Temp next to her in bed, he was 
sleeping. but he woke as soon as she did
"Hay" his voice was soft, she hugged his middle then looked at the 
clock "Its four, Ameka (she and Ameka have different names, Lady Ameka 
(the nova) and just plan Ameka) will be sober soon, you should leave" 
tears where in her eyes
"Ill be back soon " he hugged her
"I know" she hugged him back 
"Wadda ya going to do bout' Ameka?" he asked as he picked up his shoe 
"I know what to do, its simple anuff" she hugged his shirt that she was 
wearing as thou to keep him from taking it, he saw her hugging it "Ok, 
you can keep it" she hugged him "I got to go"
"I know," she said as he slipped out the window then poked his head 
back in
"Don't worry, it'll all be ok" he said
"Yes, it will" she whispered as she turned wandered back to the room
"Wait!" she turned back to the window "take this" he handed her a black 
choker with a sliver turtle charm on it then he left
"Ok Ameka, time to come back, but first a little fix up for my hair" 
she looked in the mirror, put on the choker and started to brush her 
hair
"Bush, brush, brush" she said as she smiled "Hum?" the diamond shape on 
her forehead started to fade "I guess its time for you to come back to 
the real world" she sat on the bed and laid down "Taki sai ko fi!" she 
whispered. A sudden light surrounded her and she changed from head to 
toe back into Ameka, shirt and all.


Ameka (just plan old Ameka) slept on, having a dream of a memory, but 
the thing was it wasn't hers, but someone else's memory, someone she 
knew well but not that well. (Please note this is from my/your eyes, 
not Ameka's, oh and its about 12 month's after Ryoko left)
Washu walked into the living room
^Good ^ she thought
<There all here> and so they where, well, at lest Tenchi and the girls, 
his father and grandfather had died after being shot in the head (his 
father)/hart (grandfather) 
"Hello, Washu-Chan" Tenchi said as he patted the back of Mayki, anyone 
could sense the sadness in his voice
"I have bad news"
"What is it now?" Tenchi thought of more of his friends and family 
dyeing
"The baby" Tenchi looked a Mayki
"No, no, not him, the one Ryoko is, or was, pregnant with"
"What about it?" Aeka asked
"The thing is, if it's born, we all die, everyone in the world does"
"WHAT?!" everyone yelled
"It's written in a old sorbitol"
"What's a sorbiol?" Sasami asked
"It's a sor-bit-ol, Sasami and it's another word for a prophet" (she 
lies! ok, ok, so I LIE!)
"Oh"
"What about a prophet miss Washu?" Tenchi didn't seem to care much 
about what it meant word wise but more over what it meant when Washu 
used it
"It was written about 2 million years ago by a old wise-men/monk, it 
told the story of the prince and the pirate, Of their child and of the 
nova of jurai"
"What's the nova of jurai?"
"It's a all powerful being, its bold mixed from the two most powerful 
people, they say she was born 2 million years ago and only died when 
she took his own sword to her self. I've only herd parts of it, then 
again, no one knows the whole thing, just the bit that was found" 
kiyone said
"Well I do" Washu smiled "I pulled it out of a old book, believe it or 
not"
"So, what it all mean Washu?" Tenchi asked as he rocked Mayki to sleep
"Well, maybe you'd better read it first
"Computer!"     
"Yes Washu" a voice boomed from no where 
"Pull up 5 mini coms" a small computer appeared in front of each of 
them "Pull up doc. 192040 on each" a long book thing opened up on each 
screen   "Now read those, their kind of old, but they'll do"
So they did, and it read thus

'In two million years from today
The monster that (blur)'s etheria
Will come to life once more
Putting our lives at bay.
This will happen when the past reflects,
When the trustworthy prince
And the meloncolie pirate
Come together and (blur) 
To make a seed of life
To make a seed of death.
A child (blur) the outside, 
A demon on the inside.
Helpless and loving,
Horrid and hateful.
This child, now women, will walk, not knowing of its fate 
This demon will walk, love in its hart for the lover of the women
For a knight of the king,
Or for the forbidden soul of a pawn?
The prince, now king, sword in hand
Marches toured the house of the child
The cave of the demon.
His sword at her neck, her tear flowing down
The class of two swords saved her skin 
For the knight, the pawn, the sword of the king
Had turned against him
The kings sword at the floor,
His knight with a sword at his throat
His demon darter at the floor
"Fine, you win, take the girl, but be warned of what she is"
Where the kings only words as stood there.
The king rolled to the ground to get the sword
Quick as a wipe he slashed the sword across the knight's head
A scream filled the room as his head roll
"Now for you" the king moved to her
But he was not quick anuff
The young girl grabbed the sword of her lover and friend
Blood flowed down as she shoved it in her hart 
Ending the novas life and hers
But the monster, still lived due to the king mistake, lived on
And killed its self as well when it got bored with the women's body.
Now both wait
For a new body
For a new beginning
For a new pawn
For a new love
The only way to stop it is thus
Nifd daly kitmoi
Likl rhe
Vase het avon'

"I still don't get it Washu" Tenchi was still confused. The computers 
popped away
"It means, Tenchi-Shan" Washu said in a I'm-better-then-you voice "That 
if this child is born it will be the monster"
"Why?"
"Because, you and Ryoko are the prince and the pirate" she sound ticked 
off "tenchi, when the time comes, when I have found the meaning of the 
last words, you must kill her, if shes alive, that is"
"I under stand Washu"


Thanks for reading! And if you want to guess on the end of the sorbitol 
tell me, ill even help you!
 













          




