Lost Potential

A Tenchi-Muyo! fanfic by Keiichi Masaki
(keiichi_dono@hotmail.com)

Tenchi-Muyo! is the property of Pioneer and AIC

Okayama, present day

        "Argh!"  Washu felt like tearing out her hair as she saw the damage that Mihoshi
had wrought on her lab just by tripping.
        As usual, Mihoshi was on her knees, tears brimming from her eyes.  "I'm sorry,
Washu, I'm sorry...."
        Washu sighed.  "All right, all right, get outta here."
        As the blond detective left the lab, Washu sighed and watched her go.  Such a
waste, she lamented.  Especially since I know what she was once capable of....

Royal Science Academy, 5010 years ago

        "....and so, if we tweak this quantum string just a little, like so...."  Washu , in full
Science Academy uniform and wearing the patch of the Hyper-dimensional and Field
Theory Department chair, pulled up a holo of the adjusted quantum filament.  "....you can
see exactly why the tachyon-quantum drive is the most feasible faster-than-light drive
system available for civilian use  at this time."
        "Um, Professor, you're forgetting something...."
        Washu hid a small smile.  Trust Mihoshi to pick up the flaw in her reasoning
within ten seconds.  "Yes, Miss Mihoshi?"
        The tall, tanned blond woman with the intense look in her eyes looked her
instructor in the eye, a smug smile on her face. "You forgot about the temporal flux
signature...."
        "Huh?"  Washu rechecked her calculations.  She made a practice of leaving
obvious flaws in her calculations, for the sake of testing her students' observational skills,
and this was certainly a flaw.
        Just not the one she had meant to leave.
She had completely missed this one.
The minor irritation that had flared was quickly replaced by pride.  These days,
about the only thing she derived pleasure from was watching her students learn.  And
Mihoshi Kuramitsu was the best of a good crop.  It would not be too long before
Mihoshi's class was graduating, and she already had a number of promising job offers,
including a position on the Science Academy's faculty.  Washu had plans to put her on
her staff, perhaps even start grooming her to take her own position--in a millenium or too,
of course.
Pulling her mind back to the present, she smiled back at her prize pupil.  "Very
good, Miss Mihoshi.  Can you tell me exactly why the temporal flux signature is a
drawback to this drive system?"
"The temporal flux signature is notorious for causing shifting patterns in the
fabric of space-time," explained Mihoshi, furrowing her brow in concentration as she
dredged the information up from her memory.  "There was a listed case about forty-five
years ago from a Kizakian explorer ship whose FTL drive malfunctioned in the initial
acceleration phase.  As everyone here is aware, the tachyon-quantum drives require a ten-
minute acceleration phase to spool the drive core up to a sufficient power level for FTL
travel.  The flux signature shifted at the initial point, the shift from sublight acceleration
to FTL speed, and it catapulted the ship into subspace.  They spent the better part of a
standard week repairing the engine before they could return to normal space.  GP and
military ships have auxiliary systems, and thus can use this drive safely, but this is a very
dangerous engine for a civilian ship."
Washu smiled thinly.  "Very good, Miss Mihoshi.  And that's all for today.  Class
again the day after tomorrow, and remember, the midterms are next week, so hit those
holos!"
Good-natured groaning was the response; one had to be a very good student just
to get through the first year of the Royal Science Academy's demanding curriculum.  To
finish all five years--that was something beyond the talents of most mortals.  Anyone to
make it this far was guaranteed an important and well-paying job after graduation, and
Mihoshi was the pick of the litter.  Ten years, and she might well be the GF Director of
Science and Exploration.  That would certainly be a feather in her cap--and in Washu's,
too, for she had once served in that role before deciding to return to the world of
academia.
Something was atypical about Mihoshi today, though.   Normally she'd be
grinning as she left the room, chattering with her friends, but instead she hung behind
until the crowd had left, then approached Washu's desk, a pensive expression on her face.
"Professor, can I talk with you for a moment?"
"Sure!"  Washu enjoyed talking with Mihoshi; she found her an engaging
conversationalist, who had many worthwhile things to say.  Within moments, they were
sitting in Washu's office, with steaming cups of tea sitting on the desk.  "What's up?"
Mihoshi started to speak several times, but kept stopping herself--as if she wasn't
sure what she was going to say.  This was very surprising in itself.  Finally, she blurted
out, "Are you happy?"
"Huh?"  This was a rare thing to behold, but it was here: a speechless Washu.
"I'm serious!  Are you happy doing what you do?  Or do you just do this to keep
your mind off the emptiness?"  There was no anger in Mihoshi's voice, but a lot of
desperation.
Washu searched frantically for the words.  She was painfully aware of the truth in
Mihoshi's words.  The words she finally dredged up were pathetic.  "What we do here is
important, it--"
        "I'm not here for platitudes, Professor."  Mihoshi's voice took on a sharpness that
made Washu shiver.  Sensing this, the student softened her tone.  "Please, Professor, this
is important to me.  Please give me a straight answer.  What was it that you told us the
first day of class?  'A scientist's duty is to make the abstract comprehensible, to turn the
twisted answers into straight ones.'  Can't you at least spare me a simple answer?
        "Tell me what's bothering you, first," said Washu softly.
        "Fair enough."  Mihoshi inhaled, let the breath out slowly, and resumed speaking.
"Last night, I was studying, as usual.  I got hungry, and decided to go out for some food.
While on the bus, I saw two people--just kids, really--laughing and joking.  I dismissed
them mentally and started to go back to my reading, but as my eyes shifted focus, they
fell upon the girl's face.  She was smiling, not with hilarity anymore, but just with
happiness.  I couldn't get that look out of my mind for the rest of the evening.  I tried to
go back to my studying, but I couldn't.  I like it here, Professor.  I like the people, I like
the classes, and I like what I do.  But I don't think I'm happy."  She looked Washu in the
eye.  "Are you?"
        "Not....always," admitted Washu.
        "I need to find someplace where I can be happy, or find a way to be happy.  I
think I know what the problem is."
        "You do?"
        "I think I'm too analytical.  I analyze life too much, instead of enjoying it.  Maybe
the old saying is true."
        "Which one?" asked Washu, although she already had a rough idea what Mihoshi
was going to say.
        "'Ignorance is bliss.'"  Mihoshi sighed, then smiled wryly.  "Don't worry, I'm not
going to do anything rash.  Maybe tomorrow morning I'll feel differently.  Thanks,
Professor."  With that, Mihoshi left Washu's office.
        Somehow, Washu knew that she would never come back.

        She was right.  The next day, Mihoshi withdrew from the Science Academy,
shocking everyone in the office.  She was gone by noon, on a public transport bound for
her homeworld of Yoshie.
The entire campus grieved her loss, but no one less than Washu.  Since her forced
divorce millennia before, she had withdrawn almost completely into her work.  Mihoshi
was the closest thing to a daughter--a child--that she'd had in nearly fifteen thousand
years.  To see her walk away was almost unbearable.
She only saw her once more, when she was getting ready to go with Kagato, back
when she still trusted him.  It was the day before she left, and she was cleaning out her
apartment when the door-chime rang.  She answered it to find Mihoshi standing on her
doorstep, an envelope in her hands.  Mihoshi had pressed the envelope into Washu's hand
and walked away.  The note inside said:

Dear Professor,

I know that you and the others must be confused by my actions.  Believe me, so
am I.  But must do this.  I need to do this.  Your support during my time here has been
appreciated very much.
I know.  Your question: am I happy now?  Not yet.  But I believe I will be soon.
Thank you, Washu....my friend.

Mihoshi

Okayama, present day

"Washu....what are you doing?"
        "Just relax, Mihoshi."  Washu jabbed at the anesthesia button, and Mihoshi passed
out.  "Good girl.  Now let me see...."  She began to scan the subconscious part of
Mihoshi's brain.  "Let me see.  If she left something, it would be...."
        "Right here, doctor."  The sound of Mihoshi's voice--the old Mihoshi's voice--
startled Washu.  She spun around to see a life-sized hologram of Mihoshi, clad in Science
Academy garb.
        The hologram resumed speaking.  "I know you'll find this sooner or later.  I also
have a fair idea of what you'll think of my current....mental capacity.  I know I'm not as
smart as I used to be, but that's okay.  Someday I may need you to awaken my full self--
the procedure is here in my subconscious--but, for right now, I like where I am."
        The Mihoshi holo smiled.  "Just one last thing, Professor.  Yes.  I am happy."  The
holo dissipated, and the real Mihoshi immediately awakened.  "Oh, Washu!  Did you find
what you were looking for?"
        Washu looked at Mihoshi, and smiled.  "Yes, Mihoshi.  I found what I was
looking for."

END

Author's notes: inspired by OVA #6, where Washu, having just been freed from a capsule
she'd been stuck in for five thousand years, calls Mihoshi by name.  Super-genius or not,
that's a little coincidental.