Lost souls: act 9: dreaming of memories 

I know, I changed it, again, did that cause I want to save it for a 
diff act. Oh and is the end of part I, next one is going to be part II, 
act 1!


"Why must you fallow me every where?" lady Ameka asked
"Because, you and I haven't found out who gets temp yet, have we?" 
Ameko let out a log horrid laugh
"AMEKAO!!!!!!!"

Lady Ameka woke with a start, she knew that wasn't a dream 
"Lady Ameka?" it was Sella
"I think it best Ameka come back now" 
"Why.?" but Sella couldn't finish before Lady Ameka yelled
"TAKI SAI KO FI!" and plan old Ameka lied on the bed in place of her    

Ameka lied in bed and had yet another dream, this one of her own 
memories

(Please note that this is that day Ameka saw Tenchi only a few minutes 
later)
"Ameka?" Cc asked the little girl
"Yeah?" Ameka asked
"Where'd you go?"
"To find mommy"
"Why? You know she won't come home till tonight"
"But I heard her, she was sad"
"Y.y.you heard her?"
"Yeah"
"go play with temp"
"ok!" Ameka ran off to one of the long tubs and crawled in
<how did she use her powers so soon? I thought Ryoko said she wouldn't 
be able to for at lest another 10 years>

Ameka continued down the long tunnel, but the further she went the 
darker it got
"T.Temp?" Ameka began to cry 
"Ameka." a voice rang out in the now cold darkness
"Temp?" Ameka looked up
"Ameka!" she saw a small light ahead. Seeing that she ran the whole 
time yelling, "temp! Aunt Cc!" till she was in, or should I say on, the 
light.       
She was on it because it wasn't daylight, but starlight. She was 
sitting on a star, which, after a moment tipped her off 
"AHHH!!!!!" she was falling to her death till.
"huh?" she had stopped in the middle of the starry sky.
In front of her was a mirror, and inside was a woman "who are you?"
"I'm 'you'"
"'me'?" the woman nodded 
"my name is lady Ameka, I'm the nova inside of you"
"nova?"
"yes, it can mean many things, such as future, or powerful. So in other 
words I'm the future more powerful you, understand?"
"nope"    
"here" lady Ameka put her hand to the glass, and, understanding the 
act, Ameka put hers to it and, in one big flash of light, Ameka's body 
was one of a 16 year old 
"my body."
"shh, what I have to say is of much importance, in 11 year's I will 
need your help, and you mine, we'll need to conjoin, to become one, to 
fight Ameko, a bad person whom the world would be better off without.
"I need your promise that when the time comes you will help me, and in 
turn ill help you"
"ok, I promise"
"ok then, take this" lady Ameka handed her a long gold necklace with a 
heart pendent "it's a siooan, in the end it will be the key"
"key to what?"
"you'll see" with that lady Ameka lowered her hand to her side, and in 
doing so Ameka was little again with the now much to big chain around 
her neck, and moved into the glass till Ameka couldn't see her any more 
only her voice ringed out "hold that in your hand and call out taki sai 
ko fi"
"lady Ameka?" Ameka stood there for what seemed like hours till she 
woke in the tube 
"Ameka?" Temp was beside her "are you O.K.?" she nodded and fallowed 
him out

*huff, huff* Ameka sat bolt right in bed as the memories flooded back 
to her. She clenched the hart locket and tried to remember the words 
"tai saki fo ki!" she suddenly turned into Ameko "heehee, little 
mistakes, Ameka, little mistakes.heehee" 

..............................

That's all for now! Come back next time!














  


  




