DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT in any way own any of the characters from Tenchi Muyo, 
Tenchi Universe, or
Tenchi In Tokyo. They are a property of AIC and PIONEER. I don't want to be sued 
because I don't
own them, and I am in no way trying to steal them either. So I'll say this again 
PLEASE DON'T SUE
ME.
 
"The Love of a demon" 
Chapter 1:  "Coming Together"
 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------      It 
was morning at the
Masaki home.  Sasami was up already making breakfast.
      "MIHOSHI!" screamed Kiyone.
      "I'm sorry Kiyone," whimpered Mihoshi.  Mihoshi walked down the stairs 
sobbing.
      "What's wrong," asked Sasami?
      "I broke Kiyone's new gun," said Mihoshi, "I wonder if she is mad at me?"
      "Don't worry" said Sasami, "she's fine."
      " Is breakfast ready yet?" asked Mihoshi, "I'm starving."
      "It's almost done. And could you get everyone up for me?" said Sasami.
      " Okay," said Mihoshi cheerfully.  "Ryoko," yelled Mihoshi.
      "Leave me alone," Said Ryoko.
      Tenchi walked through the front door from his morning training, and then 
walked into the
kitchen. "Hey Sasami is breakfa.." Just then Ryoko came flying through the wall 
and latched onto
his back.
      "Tenchi how about a morning kiss," said Ryoko seductively.
      It has been three weeks since Tenchi asked Ryoko to marry him.  It all 
started when Yakage was killed. (For all of
you who don't know who Yakage was, he was the man who created Minagi out of 
Ryoko's DNA in the No Need For Tenchi manga
series.  Well back to the story).  Tenchi noticed how caring Ryoko was when 
Yakage hurt Minagi.  Tenchi never saw this side
of Ryoko and he knew from then that she was the one he really loved.
      As for Ayeka, she didn't take it as hard because now she could finally say 
that she was gay and was going out with
Sakuya.  She also acted like she liked Tenchi because she was jealous that Ryoko 
was prettier than her.  So she is now
living with Sakuya and visits on occasions.
      Well two weeks have passed and Tenchi and Ryoko are planning their 
wedding.  Which is in week.  
      Ryoko's dream had finally come true.  She couldn't believe that she was 
getting married to Tenchi.  And the best
thing about it was that Ayeka did not care.  When Tenchi first asked her, she 
thought she was dreaming, but she wasn't.  
      Finally the day before her wedding came.  Ryoko was so excited.  Ryoko was 
in her room trying on her dress and trying
different ways to make her-self look really good for Tenchi.  Sasami was walking 
to Ryoko's room to she how she was doing. 
Sasami knocked on her door. 
      "Come on in," said Ryoko.  Just then the door opened. 
      Sasami peaked in, "So how are you doing," asked Sasami.  "Do you need any 
help with anything?"
      "Sure Sasami, how do I look?" said Ryoko, "Is my makeup and hair okay?"
      "Well, Ryoko, I think you should lighten up on the makeup." Sasami 
exclaimed.
      "Is it really that bad." Said Ryoko "it is isn't it."
      "Well, yes." Said Sasami. "Okay, this is what you do, use less blush, and 
only put it on your cheeks then rub it in. 
Also put less eye shadow on because you put too much on above your eyes.  You 
have to keep below your eyebrows, okay. 
Well, I have to start dinner, bye."
      "Okay I have to look my best for Tenchi tomorrow." Said Ryoko.
      Tenchi was also in his room deciding what to do.  "Man, how can I make 
myself look good for Ryoko, there's not much
that I can do with my hair.  Oh, I remember, I bough this new cologne.  I'm sure 
she will like it.  I can't wait."
      Meanwhile, in the kitchen, Sasami was busy making dinner and Washu came 
in, who has been in her lab forever even
before Tenchi asked Ryoko to marry him, asked Sasami what she had missed.
      "Well, you missed a lot," said Sasami, "okay, well Yakage is dead.  Also 
Tenchi and Ryoko are getting married
tomorrow, and.Ayeka's gay and is living with Sakuya."
      "She's what, Tenchi and Ryoko are getting married, man I did miss a lot." 
said a shocked Washu.  Just then Washu ran
upstairs and into Ryoko's room.  "Ayeka's gay, your getting married to Tenchi.  
Why didn't anyone tell me sooner."
      "Oh it's you mom.  I guess we just forgot you were here since you been in 
your lab so long," Said Ryoko
      "Since when do you call me mom?" said a confused Washu.
      "By the way what have you been working anyway?" said Ryoko.
      "Um, nothing," said Washu hesitantly, "well, so why did Tenchi ask you to 
marry him?" Washu said trying to change the
subject.
      "Well he saw how caring I could be and that I was only fighting with Ayeka 
to get her away from him.  She was just
jealous because I met him first.  But she thought she was special because she is 
his great aunt," said Ryoko.
      After Washu and Ryoko were finished talking Washu went back to her lab to 
finish working on
her "project".
      Finally the day of Ryoko and Tenchi's wedding came.  Sasami, Mihoshi and, 
Kiyone were working on setting everything
up, and as usual Mihoshi messed everything up, so they sent her to call Ayeka 
and tell her to come now. There's no way that
she could mess this up. Unless if she dials the wrong number which she probably 
will.
      Meanwhile in Tenchi's room.  "Oh man, I'm so nervous, maybe I should check 
on Ryoko." He went to her room but she was
not there. "I wonder where she went." Tenchi went outside and thought Ryoko 
might be at the cave where he had found her. 
Tenchi walked up the shrine stairs and went to where he resurrected Ryoko.  He 
saw her sitting at the top of the cave. 
"Can I join you," said Tenchi.  
      Ryoko looked at him startled, "Huh sure," said Ryoko.
      Tenchi climbed up and sat next to Ryoko.  "So are you nervous," said 
Tenchi. 
      Ryoko didn't answer.
      "Ryoko are you okay?" said a worried Tenchi.  Tenchi noticed that she was 
crying. "What's wrong?"
      "I'm so happy that I have somebody to love and that he loves me back," 
said Ryoko.  "Before I was locked in that cave
I was just a slave, a pawn for Kagato to use.  Tenchi, he made me do bad things, 
and now I can never take them back.  I.in
a way I was happy that Yosho locked me away.  So then I couldn't do any more bad 
things.  Back then I had no one to love
and no one to love back.  I was so lonely.  Kagato never paid any attention to 
me he just used me for his own! evil ways. 
I'm so happy that you let me out.  After that I knew that I might have somebody 
to love.  Now it finally came true."  Just
then Ryoko collapsed onto Tenchi's lap and started to sob. 
      "It's okay, you can forget about it. I will never treat you the way Kagato 
did.  And I'll protect you." Said Tenchi. 
Then Tenchi picked up Ryoko's face and kissed her and told her that everything 
was going to be okay.
      After a while they both walked back to the house together.
      "Hey Kiyone, Ayeka's on her way, and she is bringing Sakuya with her," 
yelled Mihoshi.    
      "Okay, now get over and help me bring the chairs up to the shrine," said 
Kiyone.
      "I'll be right there," said Mihoshi.  She came running out the door and 
tripped and knocked Kiyone down at the same
time.
      "YOUR SUCH AN AIRHEAD MIHOSHI!!!" yelled Kiyone.     
      "Kiyone I'm sorry," cried Mihoshi.
      The time finally came.  Everybody was at the shrine waiting for Tenchi and 
Ryoko.  Tenchi came up the shrine steps
and stood at the alter.  A few minutes later Ryoko came up.  "She's so 
beautiful," Tenchi thought.
      Ryoko came up to the alter and stood next to Tenchi. 
      "Do you Tenchi take Ryoko to be your wife till death do you part?" said 
Yosho.
      "Yes, I do," said Tenchi.
      "And do you Ryoko take Tenchi to be your husband till death do you part?" 
said Yosho.
      "Yes, I do," Said Ryoko.
      "You may now kiss the bride," Said Yosho.
      Just then Noboyuki and Mihoshi started to cry hysterically.
      "My son has finally become a man," cried Noboyuki.
      "I just can't stand weddings," cried Mihoshi.
      The day was finally over, and that night Ryoko and Tenchi shared a 
romantic dinner together.
      The next day Ryoko and Tenchi set off on their honeymoon.  They were going 
to spend three months exploring the
universe.  
      On their way to their first destination who could only be there to stop 
them, Kagato.
 
Okay, that was my first fic ever.  So send me any comments whether good or bad, 
so I know if I should write the next
chapter.  "The love of a demon" chapter two "Between love and hate". A preview 
of my next chapter is: What is the
mysterious invention Washu is making.  What happens with Kagato?  Ryoko is hurt 
and might not recover. Also I'm sorry about
Ayeka, hate her and Sakuya. My e-mail is lita_sailorjupiter_14@yahoo.com.
Until next time, c-ya.
