Okay, let's get something straight here. I don't own any characters except
Tomi and Vigilante Phoenixes (which include Crea). I do not own Sakiryi, but he
is used with permission from my good friend of the same name. Tenchi characters 
and all likenesses are trademark of Pioneer and AIC.
************
	"Detective Kiyone, we have a disturbance in sector AlphaG1.
Check it out immediately." 
	Normally, Kiyone would be happy at chance at a promotion, 
but she had no idea what the disturbance was. 'The details. Why the hell did
they forget the details?'
She sighed. 
	"We've got a job to do. Mihoshi, where in hell are you?" said Kiyone.
	"Kiyone, why do you always have to yell at me? Besides, there's
only a few minutes left of Moldiver and....." whined Mihoshi.
	"MIHOSHI! There's no time for that! We've got an assignment! 
Strap in and let's go!" interrupted Kiyone.
	Mihoshi sighed. She was always calling her at the end of her 
favorite show, she almost never saw the ending. "Okay, Okay......" 
	The ship fired its thrusters to maximum. They were there
within minutes, but were shocked at what they saw.
	"Shurikan battle cruisers? Why would HQ send us on an 
assignment like this? We're not soldiers!" said Kiyone, somewhat stunned
at what they saw.
	"Look Kiyone, they're opening up and deploying fighters!" worriedly 
said Mihoshi.
	"Good God! There must be hundreds! How can we get out of this? 
We need a miracle.......why did HQ send us here? This isn't just
a disturbance, it's like an invasion force!"
Kiyone wasn't as confident now as she was before. There was only one thing 
to do now.
	"Mihoshi! Hold on!" The Yagami spun violently, firing and releasing 
all it's energy on lasers and rockets and the like. And it did not even
take out a quarter of the fighters.
	"Ugh, Kiyone, I don't feel so good....." Mihoshi said, very sickly.
	"Then take a motion-sickness pill, but there's 
no time! If we're to get out of here alive, we're gonna need backup!" Kiyone 
grabbed her comm unit, but all that was coming over the unit was an annoying
voice saying "Ah ah ah, I don't think so!"
	"They're jamming our communications too! That's it! I can't see what
could possibly save us now, but at least we can stall. Full power to shields."
	"Don't worry Kiyone. Miracles always happen around now. Just like 
on TV." said Mihoshi, full of hope.
	"I wish I had your faith, Mihoshi. But the fact is, this isn't looking to 
good." said Kiyone, now drained of all confidence.
	"Don't say that, Kiyone! We're gonna pull through"
	'Oh brother.' thought Kiyone. 'She just doesn't learn.'
	"Anyone call for an exterminator?" said a voice over the comm unit. 
Kiyone watched as four fighters screamed over the viewport. Heavily modified. 
Still, thought Kiyone, they can't win. Suprisingly, the enemy fighters 
were dropping like flies at an extremely rapid rate. And their bombs. 
The bombs were fusion bombs, the most powerful of all. About a hundred fighters
blew up per explosion, until there were none left. Then they punched 
and ripped into the cruisers with impact lasers. Highly illegal impact lasers. 
Kiyone was dumbfounded. They had destroyed an entire pirate fleet. An entire 
pirate fleet. 
	"Detective Makibi, anytime you're in trouble, just ring. We're 
the Vigilante Phoenixes." the voice on the comm said.
	"But, how did you know my name and rank?" Kiyone said.
	"We have a ship identification unit. It tells us 
the owner. But, don't go nuts. We're not giving you special protection 
or anything. We say 'just ring' to everyone. Anyway, you might want to 
land on a planet for repairs. Shurika's really nice this time of year."
	"Oh, right. Nice meeting you." 'Vigilante scum,' she thought. 
'Still, it was nice of them to save our lives, us being GP and everything. 
Maybe I will check out Shurika. But I definetely won't let my guard down.'
	When she looked through the viewport, she noticed they were already gone.
	"Wasn't it nice of them to help us? See, Kiyone? I told you miracles 
always happen to people like us!" said Mihoshi.
	"Yeah, right.....miracles...." said Kiyone, skeptically.

	
	'Wow, this is great. Kiyone thought, relaxing on the beach, in 
her bathing suit. Those Phoenixes sure know how to pick a spot to relax.'
	"Enjoying yourself here on Shurika? It's beautiful here isn't it? 
Still, nothing can compare with your beauty." said a voice next to her. 
It sounded familiar. 
She blushed as she turned her head.......and her eyes met with those 
of a handsome young man. He had blond hair, and wonderful blue eyes. 
Kiyone practically fell in love with him on seeing him.
	"I can tell you like me. There's no denying it. Well, you know 
something? I like you too. My name's Tomi. Tomi Kazenokishi. 
What's yours?" asked Tomi.
	"My name is....Kiyone. Kiyone Makibi." said Kiyone. 
She could tell he could be the One she had been searching for....
	"Kiyone? Makibi? By any chance are you a GP officer?" said Tomi stuttering, 
and a bit startled. "Um, this is going to come as a shock, but I saved your life. 
From that wierd fleet. Oh, yeah, I guess I can't take all the credit. 
My wingmen are the best in the galaxy."
	Kiyone couldn't speak. It was starting to look like a fairy tale, 
of a knight that saved her under impossible odds, only to finally meet 
and live happily ever after. At least, that's how she hoped it might turn out.
	"Tomi, do you believe in love at first sight?" asked Kiyone, 
as her voice turned surprisingly feminine. Kiyone, realizing what she just said, 
immediately turned bright red.
	"Um, I'm guessing that's what's happening between us. Isn't it?"
	"Yeah......." Kiyone's voice trailed off as they stared into each 
other's eyes. 
An almost magnetic force was drawing they're lips closer and closer and closer
........until..........they kissed. Kiyone felt so happy. She felt as if
she had finally found him, her soul mate. Her gaze turned starry-eyed, as 
she noticed Tomi's were too.
	"So this is love, eh?" said Tomi.
	"What do you mean? Haven't you ever had a girlfriend?"
	"No, can't say that I have. Not anything serious anyway.Guess I had a 
lucky first shot, huh?"
	'God, he is lucky.' Kiyone thought, as she remembered all the heartbreak 
and suffering she had to go through to find the right man. But these efforts 
had finally paid off. Come to think of it, her luck wasn't that bad. She
was only 23.
	"Are you saying we're in a serious relationship? We've only known each other
for about two minutes."
	"Um...did I say that?" Suddenly, Tomi felt a strange feeling take control
of his thoughts and speech. Yes, the feeling known as Love.
	"I may not have had a serious girlfriend, Kiyone, but I too know how it 
is to be lonely." said Tomi. "The only thing that's kept me going is the 
companionship of my friends. But then again, love is far beyond friendship. 
It's strange. I know we just met, but I....I....I love you, Kiyone."
	She didn't know what to say. The way he had said it, like he really meant it. 
Never had anyone said 'I love you' to her like that before.
	"Tomi....I...I don't know wha-" said Kiyone.
	"Wow, it's just like a movie!" said Mihoshi which, unknown to Kiyone
previously, was watching the whole time.
	"Um, how long have you been standing there, Mihoshi?" asked Kiyone,
very much surprised and embarassed.
	"Long enough to know that you guys are lovebirds now! What you two need is a date!
Someplace romantic, like..."
	"...one of those candlelit expensive restaurants?" said Tomi.
	"Yeah, exactly! You can pick her up at seven at our ship!" said Mihoshi.
	"Now Mihoshi, I don't need you making our plans for us..." said Kiyone.
	"Actually, I think it's a great idea. Better hurry, it's almost
six-thirty. I better get going. I just need directions to the space port dock
that your ship is in." said Tomi.
	"Oh, of course." Kiyone scrawled something on a piece of paper and
gave it to him.
	"Thanks. Well, goodbye, Kiyone!"
	"Bye...."
	"Now, come on! We've got to get you looking nice and pretty for Tomi,
right?" said Mihoshi.
	"Alright, alright. I'm coming." said Kiyone.
		
	
	"I'll have to admit, this was one of Mihoshi's better ideas." said
Kiyone. They were at the restauraunt that Tomi picked, a nice, elegant place,
and Kiyone was loving every minute of it. They happened to be seated on a
balcony, and it made for a very romantic environment.
	"So, Kiyone, tell me about yourself." suggested Tomi.
	"Well, as you know, I'm a Galaxy Police Officer. I graduated second
in my class and was one of their most promising new officers, that was, until..."
	"Until what?" said Tomi. Kiyone immediately broke down and was 
practically sobbing.
	"I got paired up with Mihoshi. She never did anything right, she was
the one cause of the downward spiral of my career! Then we got demoted and
reassigned to a remote sector, losing almost all chances of promotion
to the higher ranks. It's all Mihoshi's fault...all of it...why did I get
HER as a partner?"
	"You're really fun to be with, you know that? A real up person.
But, seriously, do you feel sorry for yourself on all your dates?"
	Kiyone looked a bit startled at the self-realization of her
previous self-centered weeping. "I'm sorry, Tomi. It's just that my career
means a lot to me. No, not just a lot. My career is my life."
	"It really means that much to you, huh?"
	"Yeah. So, tell me about yourself, Tomi."
	"Uh, myself? Kiyone, I'm afraid I can't...wait a second, just let
me take this call.." Tomi took his vid phone out of his pocket and turned
it on. An image of a pink-haired young woman appeared.
	"What is it, Crea? I'm on a date here."
	"Okay, I'll be quick...wait, you got a date? Way to go! Who is it?"
	"It's Kiyone Makibi, the GP officer we saved... hey, wait a
second! Just get down to business, okay?"
	"Oh, right. Sakiryi's decided to leave the Vigilante Phoenixes."
	"Why?"
	"I don't know, he muttered something like 'I have other things to do'"
	"I think I might leave, too Crea. I'm thinking of rejoining my 
	old line of work."
	"Why? Oh... I get it."
	"It goes far beyond that, Crea. Bye." Tomi turned the vid phone off
and slipped it back in his pocket.
	"What exactly is your old line of work?" asked Kiyone, in an inquisitive
tone.
	"You're a detective, aren't you? You'll find out soon enough."
	"I'd rather have the information available to me now. This isn't
some investigation. And besides that, how can you be my boyfriend if I don't
know anything about you?"
	"This is all I'll tell you. For now anyway. There is a star somewhere
out there..."
	"And?"
	"There used to be a planet orbiting it."	
	"That's all you'll tell me?" Kiyone looked at him, and saw that he 
looked very depressed.
	"Tomi...Tomi, I'm sorry. What planet was it?"
	"It was called Reisho. For all I know, I'm the last Reishoan alive."
	"But...that's impossible! There has to be some that immigrated
to other planets, or something."
	"I'm afraid not. An uncurable disease was created to wipe out anyone
with even the slightest bit of Reishoan blood. They all died, but somehow,
I developed an immunity to it. And I know there are no more because I've searched
the galaxy and haven't found a trace of even a partly Reishoan mind."
	"How could you have searched the entire galaxy? I thought you were
only 24! Wait a second....minds...you mean, psychicly?"
	"That's right. Reishoans have highly developed brains. We...I can even use
psionic energy to create energy fields and weapons."
	"You know, my original question was what your old line of work was."
	"Uh...yeah I guess it was! I've digressed quite a bit, huh?" They both
laughed. "But anyway, about that, you'll find out soon enough." A waiter strolled
over to their table..
	"Would you like something to drink?" he said.
	"As a matter of fact, yes! Bring us your finest wine! I feel like 
celebrating my new relationship." said Tomi. The waiter went away with their order.
	"Tomi, what happened back there on the beach?" said Kiyone.
	"What do you mean?"
	"I mean, what drew you to me? There were hundreds of women on that beach,
a lot that probably looked even better than me."
	"Kiyone, I wasn't drawn by your looks alone. My telepathy may not be
fully developed when it comes to non-Reishoans, but I sensed that you felt
lonely and saddened deep down. Just like....me."


Later that evening, aboard the Yagami........
	
	"I just had a thought. I've let my love for you blind me. I should have you 
arrested for unauthorized law enforcement." said Kiyone. "Sigh. Oh, well. 
I guess I could let you go."
	"The Vigilante Phoenixes are breaking up, Kiyone, and I was thinking of 
joining you and Mihoshi in the Galaxy Police." said Tomi.
	"Tomi, you can't just join the Galaxy Police. There's rigorous training 
involved, and courses, and......." 
	"But Mihoshi's grandfather is the Grand Marshall. Just watch. 
Besides, I think I'm qualified enough." Tomi now turned to Mihoshi. 
"Mihoshi, call your grandfather and ask him if I could join the GP."
	"No problem, Tomi." said Mihoshi. She walked over to the vid comm 
unit and dialed the comm frequency of her grandfather's office. 
	"Hello, this is the Grand Marshall of the Galaxy Police. Oh! Mihoshi! 
My favorite granddaughter! What can I do for you?" said the Grand Marshall.
	"Hi, grandpa! I was wondering, can Kiyone's boyfriend be a GP officer?" 
said Mihoshi.
	"Mihoshi, it's not that simple......but I guess I can do a favor for 
my favorite granddaugter every now and then. Could you let him on the unit?" 
said her grandfather.
	"Greetings, sir." said Tomi.
	"Kazenokishi? Is that you?"
	"I'ts been a year, but I'd like to rejoin."
	"No problem, . Come tomorrow you'll be a GP officer again."
	"Thank you. Thank you very much, sir."
	"Think nothing of it. Could you let Mihosi back on?"
	Kiyone seemed a bit surprised that Tomi's old line of work was her
own. "You were a GP officer?" she said.
	"Yes. I resigned after a year and formed the Vigilante Phoenixes."
	"But...why give up your job as GP officer to become a vigilante?"
	"Because my partner was killed in a firefight. I could have saved him.
I could've...."Tomi was interrupted by a dark-blue haired man teleporting right
next to him.
	"Hey, Tomi! I brought your stuff just like you asked. Here." he said as 
he put down a large bag.
	"Hey, wait a minute! You're the space pirate Sakiryi! I'm placing
you under arrest!" said Kiyone as she drew her gun.
	"Yow!" said Sakiryi as he teleported behind Tomi and slipped him a small box.
	"Here. These might come in handy. I'm off!" Sakiryi teleported away.
	"Maximum pleasure cond... whoa!" said Tomi as he read from the box.
Mihoshi walked through with a large bag slung over her shoulder. 
	"Goodbye, Kiyone." she said.
	"What do you mean?" asked Kiyone.
	I've been reassigned to work alone. So you two are going to be alone
together. I hope you'll both be very happy...." She looked on at them, trying to 
hold back her tears already pooling in the corners of her eyes. "Kiyone, I'm going to
miss you so much!" She slung herself over Kiyone, hugging her so tightly it was
practically cutting off her air.
	"Don't worry Mihoshi, we might see each other again someday. Just let go of
me before I suffocate!"
************
And so ends my first fanfic. I'd appreciate if you (the readers) could give
me your thoughts on it. And stay tuned for Tenchi Legacy, a co-op fanfic
between me and Sakiryi, for which this is sort of a prequel. Think of it 
as Tenchi Universe on a much grander scale.