DISCLAIMER: i don't own tenchi or his women. i'm just writing things how i
think they should happen. SO PLEASE DON'T SUE ME!!!!!

THE LOVER'S HEXAGON FINALLY BROKEN

The day started out at normal in the misaki house; or as normal as they
could be. Sasami and Ryo-oki were up before anybody to make breakfast,
little Washu was in her lab doing god-knows-what, Mihoshi was watching
cartoons, and, of course, Ayaka and Ryoko were fighting over their dream
man.

"Tenchi's mine you piece of space trash!!!"

"Dream on, princess, Tenchi's only got eyes for me."

Ryoko was charging up a blast while Ayaka was readying her shield. Before
the two could break anything, Tenchi stumbled downstairs ready for some
breakfast.

"Hey, knock it off before you two break something," he exclaimed.

"Sorry, Tenchi," the two mumblen in unison, after lowering their guards.

"Ayaka, could you set the table for me," Sasami asked her sister. "Tenchi,
could you go to get Washu and tell her breakfast is ready?"

"Sure, Sasami."

Tenchi then left the kitchen and went to Washu's lab.

"Little Washu?? Are you in here," asked Tenchi.

"Over here," she said from a dark corner of the huge lab.

Tenchi walked to redheaded mad scientist. She was typing away on her
transparent computer.

"Breakfast is ready, little Washu."

"Ok, Tenchi. OH, by the way, can I talk to you after breakfast?"

"Sure, about what?"

"We'll talk about it then."

Tenchi left Washu's lab and returned to the kitchen. He took his seat
between Ayaka and Ryoko. Just after he sat down, Ryoko latched herself on to
him.

"Let go of him you tramp," Ayaka screamed.

"Make me, princess."

"I'll show you," Ayaka screamed.

"Stop it, both of you," Tenchi said. "You're not in competition with each
other."

After Tenchi averted another possible hole in another wall of the kitchen
caused by Ryoko and Ayaka, his Father and Yosho, a.k.a. grandfather, Arrived
for breakfast.

"Hey dad, hey grandfather."

"Can't talk son, I'm late."

"OK, dad. Have a good day at work," Tenchi said to his father as he ran out
of the house.

"Tenchi," grandfather said. "When do you plan on starting your training
today?"

"I'm not sure, i have a few things i need to take care around here first."

"Very well," Yosho said.

Washu came up for breakfast as Tenchi's father left for work.

"What's with him," Washu asked.

"Work," Tenchi replied.

Sasami searved breakfast for everybody. The group had waited until Sasami
joined them to pig-out on their meals. The meals at the masaki house weren't
typical family get togethers; they were more of sitting near eachother and
stuffing your face with food.

After the devouring of food was finished, Ayaka and Sasami cleared the table
and started washing dishes. Mihoshi went back to her best friend, the t.v.,
and Ryoko joined her. Washu went back to her lab, and Tenchi followed.

"What did you want to see me about, little Washu?"

"Tenchi, as you know, we've been living with you for a few years now. You
know that we all love you dearly, and we all know that you would never do
anything to hurt any of us, or at least intentionally."

"What do you mean by, intentionally?"

"Tenchi, dear, you hurt everyone of us every day by not choosing which one
you want to be with, which one of us you love more than a sister."

"I don't know if i'm ready to choose. I love everyone of you."

"Tenchi, I know, as well as everyone except little Ryoko and Ayaka, that
those two are the ones competing for your heart's love."

"Washu, i can't just decide. It's not like flipping a coin, or just randomly
picking. I love both Ayaka and Ryoko."

"Well, Tenchi, if you really love them, you need to make a choice,
everybody's getting restless. We can't wait forever for your decision."

"Ok, Washu, i'll think about it, i don't want to hurt anyone, you know"

"I know, Tenchi."

After their conversation, Tenchi left the lab to go out to the shrine for
practice. Him and his grandfather fenced and practiced samuri techniques for
about an hour before Tenchi decided that he needed to do some work in the
carrot field.

Tenchi left the shrine, and went to the carrot field. After he was nearly
through harvesting all of the carrots that could be harvested he had an
unexpected visitor. The little cabbit, or the notorious pirate ship, Ryo-oki
pranced up to Tenchi.

"Hey, Ryo-oki, how are you today?"

"Meow."

"I picked a lot of carrots for you today, hopefully enough to last you about
a week, if you pace yourself."

"Meow."

"Lord Tenchi," the new voice startled Tenchi for a moment, then he noticed
that it was just Ayaka.

"Yes, Ayaka?"

"I have a question i'd like to ask you."

"Really?"

"Lord Tenchi, how do you feel about me?"

"Well, Ayaka, you're a great person. You're nice, when you're not around
Ryoko, and you're very beautiful."

"When i'm not around Ryoko?!?" she exclaimed, obviously angry.

"How about when you want to be?"

Ayaka ignored Tenchi's last remark and stormed back to the house.

"I don't need this, i'm going to go for a swim," Tenchi said to himself.

Tenchi went back to the house and put the day's harvest of carrots in the
kitchen for Sasami to do what she wanted with. He then went back into his
room and donned a pair of swimming shorts, and grabbed a towel. He left the
house without telling anybody and ran to the lake.

He jumpped in the cool water of the lake near his house. The water felt
nice, the day was kind of warm, so the cool water was just what he needed.
Tenchi started swimming around the large lake. He started thinking how nice
and peaceful it was to not have to worry about training, chores, or the
house full of women. Tenchi had about thirty minutes by himself, before he
was spotted by Ryoko.

She was sitting on the roof watching the day turn to dusk when she saw the
object of her affection swimming around the lake. She quickly teleported
herself to the lake, and hovered above Tenchi.

"Hey, Tenchi. How's the water?"

"It's nice, Ryoko, want to swim with me?"

"Sure," she said then dissappeared for a few momente and reappeared wearing
a blue bikini.

She then lowered herself into the water and began to swim around with
Tenchi. Ryoko and Tenchi were playfully swimming around for a little while,
then Ryoko dove under the water for no real reason, she just felt like it.
Tenchi noticed Ryoko's dive and didn't think much of it, at first. A minute
of so passed by, and Tenchi started to get worried. Tenchi then dove under
the water after the blue haired beauty. He saw her suspended under the
water, unconsious. Tenchi reacted instantaneously. He swam to her, pulled
her body to his and swam to the surface. Once there, he swam to the shore
and laid Ryoko in the grass along the lake. Tenchi started to try to
resisitate Ryoko.

Meanwhile back in Washu's lab.

"My little Ryoko," Washu exclaimed when she her mental link with her
daughter suddenly stopped.

Washu ran out of her lab to see what was wrong with Ryoko. She somehow knew
to go outside, thought she didn't know where. She then saw Tenchi leaning
over something that she couldn't see, the grass was a little bit too tall.
She ran to him. When she got closer, she saw her little Ryoko. She ran even
faster.

"Tenchi, what happened??"

"I don't know, we were swimming, she dove under, didn't come up, and i
grabbed her and pulled her over here. Can you help her Washu?"

"I can try," she said.

Washu started to try CPR on her daughter. After a few minutes of that, Ryoko
finally coughed and awoke.

"Little Ryoko, you're ok," Washu said.

"What have I told you about calling me that Washu," Ryoko asked.

"Ryoko, are you ok," Tenchi asked.

"Only because of you," she said.

The three went back into the house, where dinner was waiting for them. Ryoko
didn't feel like eating, so she went into her room. Dinner was particularly
quiet because Ayaka was still angry at Tenchi. Tenchi quickly gobbled up
Sasami's dinner, then left the kitchen. He decided to go to Ryoko's room.

In her room, Ryoko was laying on a bed, curled in a ball crying,
uncontrollably. Tenchi entered the room without knocking.

"What's the matter, Ryoko?"

"Oh, Tenchi, why can't you tell me how you feel about me? Why do you torture
me every day?"

"Ryoko, I.. I...I love you. I love you more than anybody. Even when you were
trying to kill me, I knew you were special. The reason i never told you was
because of Ayaka, and how she would react."

"Do you mean it? You really love me?"

"With all of my heart, i love you, Ryoko."

Ryoko then unrolled herself from her ball shape and rolled over to look at
Tenchi. She saw him in a different way now, not as an object that she knew
she couldn't get, but as the person that loved her as much as she loved him.

Tenchi also felt different. He felt a sense of liberation from his repressed
feeling. He felt free of his tortured thoughts. He then leaned over and
kissed his Ryoko.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

YEAH THIS WAS MY FIRST FIC, IT ISN'T WHAT I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE. IF YOU
THINK IT SUCKS, OR IF YOU LIKE IT, EMAIL ME AT

CORRIGANLUCKEY69@YAHOO.COM
