-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Tenchi Muyo! Heaven and Earth: Love's Raphsody. 

Greetings and Salutations, this is a fanfic which is aiming at 
being an epic storyline for Tenchi Muyo!. This fanfic occurs in the OVA
Universe (the 13 OVA's + Manatsu no Eve). 

A synopsis of Manatsu no Eve is available at:

http://www.dim.com/~josh/tenchi/manatsu/story.txt

Obviously, this fic has spoilers for all of these series, so don't complain.

Ok, a quickie summary of Manatsu (Middsumers Eve) for all of thoose
who don't go to the site. A girl appears to Tenchi, claiming to be his
daughter.

It turns out that she is a hybryd, taken from tenchi's DNA. The mother is a 
"Dark Worlder" who kills Mayuka and then is killed by Tenchi. 

Washu recreates Mayuka, but as an Infant, she does grow faster then normal,
since she is a baby at christmas, which was only 6 monthes away from when
Washu created her. 

Concidently, Manatsu no Eve also aged and matured
Sasami a bit (4 or 5 years worth ;-), no Sasami
Is not OOC. 

There will be three parts to this story, The first, Love's Rhapsody,
takes place a year after Manatsu no Eve, when the Tenchi "Family" has
been together for 3 years. This series will focus around Tenchi, Sasami,
Washu, Yousho, Kiyonne, and a bit about Mihoshi. 

Later, this story will evolve to focus around Tokimi, Mayuka, Yousho,
Azusa, more Tenchi, Aeka, Tsunami, and Washu.

BTW, Yes, Kiyonne is a real character in the OVA series, she is in
Manatsu no Eve. 

Oh, and by the way, this is a dark fanfiction. 

C&C is welcome, and in fact, required. As far as I know, 
this is allready the longest Tenchi Fanfiction out there. 
I saw some promising stuff earlier, a really good
dark "Alternitive Universe" with Kagato being a good
guy, and Ryan's "Love's labour Lost" series. We need
more Tenchi fanfics guys....

Anyways, without further ado, (I am sorry it took so 
long, here is: Heaven and Earth). 

By the way, if you have allready read this when
it came out a year ago, reread it, there are alot of
changes, and it is _much_ longer. 

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Prologue:Dark Prophocy. 
3 Years Ago. 

In the cold dark emptiness of space, she floated aimlessly and without
purpose. She was dying, and nothing could stop that now. The stars were all
she could remember now, and the stars would be her eulogy..  She was all
alone, enveloped in the Darkness. 

And then a voice spoke out. It was a singsong voice, one that commanded
attention, a voice that was a paradox between sadness and joy, between
light and dark, and between day and night. 

"You will due"

and in the darkness of space, only the stars heard her scream. 

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Part One: Of Love and Tenchi
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Tenchi hated his life. Well, normally he didn't, but right now he did.

It wasn't that Tenchi hated the fact that he was living with 5 girls, most
of them constantly competing with each other for his attention. He didn't
hate the fact that he now was tending fields that were five times the
acreage of what he used to tend in order to satisfy the seemingly endless
appetite for carrots of a cabbit which was actually a spaceship.  He didn't
mind the fact that he was the 'guinea pig' of a 20,000 year-old mad
scientist who looked and acted like a slightly deranged red-headed teenager
most of the time. He didn't mind that Ryouko, one of the girls who were
forever haunting him, was a 'demon.' He didn't mind that the other girl,
Princess Aeka, was forever at war with the demon Ryouko. He didn't even
mind that he was often caught in the cross-fire between the two girls, one
side fighting with large monsters and destructive energy bolts, the other
with floating logs that often appeared from nowhere. He didn't mind that he
was the father of a child, Mayuka, who was quitly toddeling along the side of
the wall. He didn't mind that this morning he had contracted a virus no one on
earth had ever seen before. 

Tenchi was blue when he woke up that morning, Literally. 

Tenchi gave a mild yelp of concern, and then screamed for Washuu.

"What's wrong Tenchi-sama?" Washuu asked. 

"Well, sorry to bother you, but..." Tenchi started to respond, but when he
noticed what Washuu was wearing he forgot all about what he had been about
to say regarding his sudden illness and said, "Um, Washuu-chan, why are you
wearing a nurse's uniform?"

Washuu's eyes began to take on a strange cast as a wicked grin began to
form on her face as she began to chuckle to herself in a slightly maniacal,
yet lecherous, way.

A look of pure terror began to form on Tenchi's face and his thoughts
rapidly turned towards the various possibilities of this new crisis. Tenchi
knew that in this situation he had one of two choices. He could either
run,or stay. If he ran, he could avoid humiliation, and hope that whatever
was ailing him would go away on its own. The alternative, staying, meant
that he would have to trust Washuu to fix whatever was wrong with him
rather than make it worse, bearing the inevitable humiliation her 'cure'
would bring, and hope that she would treat him as something other than an
experimental subject. For Tenchi, this was an easy choice. He ran. 

Unfortunately for Tenchi, he didn't get very far.

Washuu, already anticipating this response, quickly pulled a device
resembling a garage door opener from her shirt and hit the large red button
on it. Suddenly, from out of nowhere, a metallic sphere the size of a beach
ball appeared, floating in the air, behind him. The ball instantly began
sprouting tentacles and had snared him before even reached the door. The
grapples on the ends of the tentacles rapidly and efficiently stripped him
of his clothing until he was left with only his boxer shorts. As a final
touch to complete his humiliation the machine placed a large metal cap with
a thick cable attached to it upon his head. The many large lights ringing
its brim began to pulsate in seemingly random patterns.

Tenchi groaned, "Why me?" and let his feelings of total defeat and
humiliation show upon his face.

"Hmmm," Washuu said, "you appear to have some sort of virus." Washuu called
up a console from out of thin air and began scanning its display. "You have
a mild fever." Washuu then took a blood sample from Tenchi and popped the
vial into a hole in the analyzer that obligingly appeared before her. She
then began her visual inspection of Tenchi's body. "Let's see. Blue
spots..." she said as she lifted the elastic of Tenchi's boxer shorts, her
eyes glazing over with lust, "all over the body." Washu started to lift the
elastic of Tenchi's boxers. 

Tenchi, suddenly snapping out of his blue funk, screamed, "Waaaa! What are
you doing Washuu-chan?"

Mihoshi, who had been wondering what all the commotion was about, peeked
into the room at this point. "Ano..." she began as she took in the scene
before her. "Oh, " she continued, "are you and Tenchi playing doctor again?"

Washuu's eyes began to cross and she started to sweat, her mind unable to
cope with the sudden absurdity of it all.

A moment later Washuu recovered and walked over to look at the results of
the blood test on her console.

Ryouko, Aeka, and Sasami, with Ryo-oh-ki perched on her head, entered the
room as Washuu was entering queries on her console. They looked on in
baffled amazement at the sight of poor Tenchi.

"Well, Tenchi," Washuu proclaimed, "you have the Jurian Flu."

"Jurian Flu? What's that?" Tenchi asked.

Washuu began to lecture in mind numbing detail upon the origins and
characteristics of the Jurian flu.

Fortunately for Mihoshi, her mind was already on other things as she pulled
her n-dimensional cube from her pocket. "I've got a good cure for that in
here somewhere." she said to herself.

Sasami and Ryo-oh-ki, losing interest in Washuu's lecture, went to see what
Mihoshi was doing.

As Washuu continued to lecture, Tenchi's, Ryouko's, and Aeka's eyes began
to glaze over with incomprehension.

Mihoshi continued to pull out item after item from subspace and, tossing
them behind her, said, "That's not it. No, that's not it either. I know
it's in here somewhere..." Sasami and Ryo-oh-ki watched on in rapt
fascination as they wondered what she would pull out next. Ryouko and Aeka,
still stunned, were slowly being buried in a small mountain of tea mugs,
various prepackaged snack foods, really big guns, strange looking tools,
miscellaneous clothing and a surprising amount of lacy lingerie. Sasami,
spying a carrot and some of her favorite chips in the pile, grabbed them
and she and Ryo-oh-ki began to munch as they watched the pile grow in size.
Mayuka quitly cooed and played with a teddy bear which Mihoshi's n-cube had
graciously provided. 

Washuu had finished her lecture and was about to ask if there were any
questions, but upon noticing the blank stares of her audience, decided
against it.


Washuu began typing in commands at her console. "Ah," she said, "here it
is! Jurian flu vaccine." She typed a few more commands and a hole into
subspace appeared next to her. She pulled a hypodermic syringe with a
_really_ big needle out of it.

Washuu began to grin in a way that Tenchi found very disturbing as she said
to him, "Now, hold still Tenchi. This won't hurt a bit."

Tenchi, eyeing the very large needle on the syringe Washuu was holding,
gulped. He didn't like this at all. "But," he reflected, "It's not like I
have a lot of choice..."

Mihoshi continued to franticly twist her n-dimensional cube. Ryouko and
Aeka were now about hip deep in the small mountain of miscellaneous items.

As Washuu began to advance upon Tenchi, brandishing the wicked looking
needle, a large mirror fell on Tenchi.

"Mihoshi," said Washuu, "would you please put that thing away? I've got a
cure right here."

"What?" replied Mihoshi, as she looked up from the task at hand, "Oh! Is
that for Tenchi?"

Washuu nodded her head.

Mihoshi's face started to cloud up, "Waaaaaah!" she wailed, "Mihoshi
couldn't find it! Waaaaaah!"

"Mihoshi," Tenchi said, "please don't cry. You did your best. Besides, it's
the thought that counts."

Mihoshi stopped wailing and said, as she sniffed back her tears, "You
really mean that?"

"Of course!" he replied.

Mihoshi immediately returned to her usual cheerful self, and said,
"Thanks!" as she started to blush a little.

Washuu started to advance upon Tenchi again when she noticed the label on
the syringe and began to read it. "Hmmm..." she said to no one in
particular, "no, this won't do at all! And it won't even replenish his
depleted astral pattern... I can definitely make something better in my lab."

"Tenchi!" she said to him, holding out the syringe, "I'm going to make
something even better for you than this junk. I'm going to release you
until I return. Now, you just stay right here. I'll be back in a jiffy!"
Washuu set the syringe down on the analyzer and walked through a door that
had conveniently appeared only moments before. Mayuka tried to walk
in after Washu, but smacked her face against the wall when it closed
behind Washu. 

"That's what I'm afraid of..." Tenchi thought to himself, releasing a groan
of dismay.

As soon as Washuu had left the room, Washuu's 'All-Purpose Experimental
Subject Restraint System'(TM) released him from his bondage. Tenchi slowly
crept back to his bed and crawled under the covers much like a dazed and
confused insect would crawl under a rock, seeking some small measure of
security.

Mihoshi looked behind her, noticing the pile of objects she had buried the
terrible two in, and said, "Oh my! What a mess!"

Ryouko and Aeka, both about chest deep, chose this moment to finally return
to reality. Ryouko, reacting to what she thought might be an insult, said,
"Who's a mess? I'll show you a mess!"

Ryouko began throwing the objects she was buried in, at the suddenly
bewildered Mihoshi.

Mayuka started to cry as Ryouko took her teddy bear to throw at Mihoshi.

Mihoshi, not understanding this turn of events at all, ducked and dodged
the flying items in a seemingly random pattern. "Oh, my!" she said, " What
am I going to do now?"

Ryouko was starting to get really pissed now. No matter how fast or
accurately she threw things at Mihoshi they always missed her and somehow
flew into the small dark hole into subspace behind Mihoshi. Ryouko
redoubled her efforts, objects flying with blinding speed past Mihoshi as
the pile of objects surrounding Ryouko and Aeka rapidly diminished.

Sasami screamed "Mayuka", and Ryouko looked in suprised as she noticed that
The object that she just threw was blue haired and giggiling Sasami grabbed
Mayuka  from the air, right before she was going to crash. Ryouko, Aeka,
and Mihshi sighed as Mayuka continued to giggle. Beads
Of sweat ran down Sasami and Tenchi as Ryouko and Aeka returned to their
little war. 

Ryouko had just run out of things to throw and was readying an energy ball
when Aeka, who had been staring at 'her' Tenchi longingly, said in her best
'poor little princess' voice "Oh! My poor Tenchi! I will stay here to take
care of you until you are better." Aeka turned to look at Ryouko and
continued, her voice dripping with venom, "It must have been that monster
that gave my poor Tenchi the flu."

Ryouko's energy ball fizzled out as she turned to face Aeka, "What?!!" she
exploded, "And what do you mean by 'your' Tenchi! Besides," she continued,
her voice now venomous, "why do you think it's called the _Jurian_ flu?"

"Go away monster." Aeka replied disdainfully, "Who knows what other viruses
you might be carrying. _I_ have pure royal Jurai blood. You, on the other
hand..."

"Why, you..." Ryouko replied, her rage beginning to build to an even higher
level.

Mihoshi decided that this would be a very good time to leave while she
could. She put her n-dimensional cube away, thus closing the hole into
subspace, and slipped quietly out of the room.

"Hah! do your worst demon!" Aeka challenged, her voice still full of disdain.

Tenchi, unable to take any more of this pointless bickering, began to weep.
"Girls," he said, "please don't fight."

"Shut up!!!!" Ryouko and Aeka yelled at him in unison. "You stay out of this!"

Tenchi hid back under the covers. Sasami grabbed Mayuka and Ryo-oh-ki
ducked for cover behind Tenchi's futon. 

"You gave him the flu." Ryouko said.

"What are you talking about, you monster?" Aeka snapped back.

"I've had it with you!" Ryouko picked up the rather dangerous looking
syringe Washuu had left behind. "Take this!" she said as she jabbed Aeka
with the syringe. "Now you wont be able to make Tenchi any sicker than he
already is!" she said as she emptied the syringe into Aeka.

Aeka responded rather negatively to this. A great number of small floating
logs arranged in concentric circles materialized around Ryouko.

When the smoke finally cleared away, two smoking embers were revealed. They
vaguely resembled Ryouko and Aeka, and were surrounded by charred debris.

One of the piles of debris began to shift as Sasami and Ryo-oh-ki emerged
from it coughing. They both looked around them in shock. Mayuka started to
cry. As both girls tried to figure out what was wrong with Mayuka, Ryo-oh-ki
myaad, and began to dig. 

Sasami joined her in digging Tenchi out, yelling, "Tenchi-niichan!"

Tenchi finally emerged from the pile of debris looking rather dazed and
confused.

Ryouko and Aeka, both still looking like crispy critters, had recovered
somewhat at this point.

"Tenchi-sama, are you alright?" Aeka inquired quietly.

"Ne, Tenchi?" Ryouko chimed in.

Sasami handed a dazed Tenchi Mayuka, who began to giggle happily at 
Being back with her dad, but then proced to spit up on Tenchi's shirt. 

Tenchi looked around him at what had been his room and, in total shock and
disbelief, began to cry.

                                  *   *   *


"Here you go Tenchi-niichan." Sasami said as she gave Tenchi a bowl of
chicken soup.

Aeka and Ryouko were both looking on longingly at their beloved Tenchi.
Tenchi's room was still a disaster area and resembled a patio more than a
bedroom at this point in time.

"Tenchi... Tenchi?" Ryouko begged, tears coming to her eyes.

Tenchi ignored her and quietly sipped on his soup. Tenchi said, "Arigatou
Sasami-chan."

"It's really nothing, don't mention it." Sasami replied.

"Tenchi-sama." Aeka whispered.

Tenchi continued to ignore both of them. 

"This really sucks." Ryouko said to herself. 

"How can I get back on Tenchi's good side?" Aeka wondered to herself.

Both girls looked longingly at Tenchi and noticed the smile on Tenchi's
face as he sipped his soup.

"If I..." Ryouko thought, "...made him some food." Aeka thought, "He will
forgive me!" both girls thought in unison.

Ryouko and Aeka started to laugh maniacally. A sweat-drop appeared on
Tenchi's face as he began to wonder what new disaster they would soon
unleash upon him. Ryouko teleported downstairs and Aeka ran down the hall.

When Ryouko teleported into the kitchen, Sasami was there spoon feeding
Mayuka.

Aeka entered the kitchen a few moments later. Sasami looked on in wonder at
the two, wondering to herself if it was really a good idea to let them use
her kitchen. Then her mischievous side took over and thought that whether
or not it was a good idea to let them cook, it would certainly be
interesting and probably entertaining to let them cook and see what happened.

Aeka slowly put on an apron and got out a small sauce pan.

Ryouko grabbed the biggest pot she could find.

The two rivals glared at each other, and with a sudden, "Hmmph!" turned
away from the other.

Ryouko opened the refrigerator and looked inside. "Damn, we're out
ofchicken. Well, no problem. I'll just make..." she said as she rummaged
through the refrigerator. Ryouko noticed a drawer in the bottom of the
refrigerator labeled 'Nobiyuki only, do not touch' and opened the drawer.
"Ah, here we go. I wonder what this is?" she said to herself, "...I can't
tell what it is. So, I guess I'll just make 'mystery meat' soup!"

Sasami and Aeka were desperately trying to crawl out of the kitchen due to
the powerful stench of the mystery meat.

                                  *   *   *

Later, while Ryouko was cooking her soup, Aeka was outside chasing chickens
around the yard with a meat cleaver.

"I command you to stop!" Aeka ordered the chickens. The chickens ignored
her orders of course. Aeka continued to chase the chickens for the next
couple of hours. Eventually she was able to capture one, but only after she
enlisted the help of her two guardian logs, Kamidake and Azasa.

                                  *   *   *

Aeka entered the kitchen with a rather tattered, and apparently dead,
chicken in her hands. Aeka slowly set the chicken on the counter and
started a pot of water on the other range. While she was waiting for the
water to come to a boil, she began to pluck the chicken. After a few
minutes of
plucking the chicken suddenly came to life and began pecking at Aeka.
Apparently Aeka had forgotten to kill the chicken first. While this was
going on, Ryouko was happily whistling to herself. Her soup was almost
done. "Well, this is turning out rather well." Ryouko thought to
herself, "But it needs one final ingredient. Something to ease Tenchi up a
bit. Something to relax him, and lower his inhibitions... Sake. 

Ryouko looked around the kitchen, but could find no sake. She knew that she
didn't have any stashed around the house either, so she would have to get
some. "This definitely presents a problem." she thought, "If I leave to get
the sake, Aeka just might finish making her soup before I do."

While Ryouko was pondering her present dilemma, Aeka was being chased
around the kitchen by a rather irate chicken.

An idea suddenly occurred to Ryouko, "I know! I can have someone else get
it for me! That would work perfectly! Then I can keep an eye on Aeka and
make sure she doesn't finish before I do!" Ryouko began to laugh maniacally
again.

                                  *   *   *

"Oh, Sasami..." Ryouko called, "I need a small favor."

"I'm not old enough." Sasami replied.

Ryouko wondered how Sasami had figured out what she wanted before she'd
even asked. "Well," she thought, "that leaves only one other person I can
ask."

"Mihoshi!" Ryouko called out.

"Yeah?" Mihoshi said as she came into the kitchen.

"Do you have any sake?" Ryouko asked.

"No, but I can get some." Mihoshi replied.

"Would you, please? It's for Tenchi."

"Oh, sure. I'll be back soon!"

                                  *   *   *

Washuu was quietly typing away at her console when she was startled by the
sudden crash coming from behind her.

"Hello?..." Mihoshi called, "is there anybody here?"

"Mihoshi?" Washuu called out as she started to look around her lab, "Is
that you?" Washuu found Mihoshi as she was about to lean against something
rather delicate. "Don't touch that!" she shouted at Mihoshi.

"Waaaaa!" Mihoshi jumped away from the object, "Oh, it's only you
Washuu-chan. You scared me!"

"I didn't hear you knock, how did you get in here?" Washuu asked.

"Well," Mihoshi nervously explained, "I was going to the store to get
something for Tenchi, and I must have gotten lost again..."

"Oh, well you won't have to bother with that!" Washuu proclaimed, "I have
just the thing for him! And your timing is perfect. I just finished making
it."

"But," Mihoshi said, "I was supposed to get some sake..."

"Sake?!" Washuu cut her off, "This is much better for him than that!"


"Oh. Well I guess that'd be okay then..."


Mihoshi followed Washuu up to a rather complicated array of glass tubes and
beakers that looked like something straight out of a mad-scientist's
laboratory.

Washuu picked up a large glass bottle with a rubber stopper in it. "This my
new vaccine for Tenchi. It will even regenerate damaged neural cells and
replenish his astral pattern. You just have to put it in his food. It's
perfect!" Washuu said as she began to giggle like the deranged teenager she
appeared to be and began to snuggle the bottle she held in her arms.

Mihoshi looked at Washuu, the confusion showing on her face. "Umm, excuse
me, but..." Mihoshi said.

Washuu snapped back to reality, beginning to blush. "Oh, sorry..." she
said. "Here, see that Tenchi gets this."

"Sure," Mihoshi replied cheerfully, "I'll do that! bye-bye!"

*   	*	*

Soon Ryouko, Aeka, and Mihoshi were running for their lives.
*	*	*

Tenchi lept as Yousho's blade cut down into the space Tenchi's legs had
occupied only a few seconds ago. As Tenchi lept upwards, he pivoted around,
bringing Tenchiken to bear. Yousho quickly lept after Tenchi, thrusting his
boken downwards towords Tenchi. Tenchi rolled on the ground to evade
Yousho's attack, while Yousho pressed his advantage, and continued to
attack. "Only Ji-chan would make me come out here and work on a day like
this" Tenchi thought. 


						*	*	*

"Sorry lady, this is the end of the line", the cabbie told his passanger.
The short brown haired girl smiled, and hopped out of the cab to pay the
cabbie. The cabbie got out of the car, and walked around the back to open
the trunk for the young girl's luggage. "What is a nice girl like you doing
way out here anyways" the cabbie inquired. "Weird things happen here". The
girl just smiled and with a sing-song voice stated: "That's why I am here".
"Thank you for taking me here, where is the Masaki shrine?" "Up thoose
stairs on the other end of the valley, sure you won't reconsider.....".
Sweetly, the girl replied "No...." and began to walk away. 

The cabbie meanwhile sweated as he drove away, he had heard that ghosts
frequented that place, and he had also heard of the Masaki Curse. "The
Masaki curse", he sighed. Many a young lady had been sighted near the the
Masaki domicile, yet none had ever been seen leaving it..... 

					*	*	*
"67" (The girl counted), hack, cough weez
	
	Tenchi watched as Yousho attempted to parry his latest attack, Yousho t
ook
advantage of Tenchi's lack of movement, to kick out the wooden stump Tenchi
was useing for support.

"81" , Gasp, cough "There sure are a lot of steps here".

	"Ji-chan, do you smell something?" Tenchi asked. Yousho used Tenchi's
momentary stop to smack Tenchi across the arm with his bokken. 

"95", Acccch "Tooo Many stupid stairs" the girl murmered to herself. 
	
	By now the rumbeling on the air had become quite audible to even the mo
st
untrained of ears. Yousho and Tenchi stopped and looked around for the danger.

As the girl brought her foot down on the 100th step, she realized that
something was wrong.   More particularly, something smelled, and the ground
underneath her began to shake.

A little ways off in the distance, Tenchi and Yousho head a scream. Not a
calm scream, far from it, a scream of total desperation. As Tenchi and
Yousho ran in the direction of the scream, Tenchi summoned his Jurain
Uniform useing his ring. As they broke into the stairway, they looked down
too see large brown mass threatening to envolope a brown haired girl.
Wasting no time, Tenchi summoned Funaho's power thru Funaho's Key. Jumping
into the air, Tenchi sliced downwards, cleaving the monster in two. As
Tenchiken's blade broke the surface of the brown goo, pices of carrot,
beef, and other food stuff oozed from it's'wounds. The monster quickly
re-emerged, and aimed a crushing blow at Tenchi. As Tenchi ducked, the
monsters arm (if it could be called that) slid over him, and crashed into a
tree behind tenchi, splintering the tree. 

"Sugoi" the girl whispered, in awe of this battle between man, and his food. 

The beast quickly pressed his advantage, and threatedened to envolope
Tenchi. Tenchi seeing this summoned a Light Hawk wing from Funaho, and let
himself be imersed in the goo. Once inside, Tenchi used TenchiKen and
carved the heart out of the beast. Quickly the monster that was to be
Tenchi's lunch disolved, leaving behind as it's entrails, traces of
okonomiyaki, carrots and what had once been a chicken. 

	Tenchi sighed in relief, and let TenchiKen's blade dim. Looking around 
he could see a brown path down the stairway. Tenchi needed no other clues to
figure out that this was one of the girls doing. Meanwhile, Yousho (who had
sat on a rock and drunk tea while Tenchi was fighting the goo), dusted
himself off, and walked over to where the girls sat, still shocked and
amazed at the battle. 

	"Awefuly far out here in the country, aren't you miss?" he intoned. The
girl just looked at Yousho with a curious gaze. "Are you Masaki Katsuhito?"
she asked Yousho. "Hai" he responded. "This is for you" the girl stated as
she gave Yousho a small envelope. As yousho opened it, a small crystal fell
out and onto the ground. Yousho examined it quickly , then put it back into
the envelope, as he pulled a letter out from the envelope. As he read it
over silently, the girl cast her gaze to Tenchi, who was cleaning up the
mess from the monster. Her eyes gave him a thourough looking over, as she
remember the incredible things he had done to protect her. As she started
to blush when he took his shirt off to clean it, tenchi noticed her gaze,
and looked at her. As if directed by a spotlight, their eyes wandered and
met .... Yousho's stern voice brought them back to reality. "Well I
certainly don't have enough room up here in the shrine, but I think we can
work things out, so that you can stay at my grandsons house." 

"Ah Ji-chan, are you sure that is the best idea?" Tenchi asked as his voice
cracked with worry. "Sure, why not, Yousho's voice chuckled as as he
slapped Tenchi on the back, the way only a grandfather can.  "Tenchi, let
me introduce you to the newest resident of the Masaki shrine, her grand
mother is an old friend of mine", at that Tenchi's eyes widened, very
rarely did ji-chan mention thoose days. "She is going to be staying with us
for the summer". The girl twirled around, and brought her hand up to shake
Tenchi's hand: "Hi, my name is Sakuya, I am looking forward to the chance
to get to know you," Sakuya said in a cheery voice. "Hai" Tenchi responded. 

						*	*	*
Meanwhile, three lumps of brown goo in the kitchen were calling for help. 
						*	*	*

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Ok, well first, a few foot notes. Funaho's key is in fact TenchiKen, it is
also refered to as the masterkey. 

Tenchi summoning a LHW from Funaho: Tenchi allready exhibited this ability
to a lesser degree in episode 6, where he uses the key to increase the
speed of the punch he tried to make into Kagato. (Much like Aeka attacks,
using her key to summon a LHW to protect her, and useing her key to
accelerate her). 

Sakuya. For thoose of you who don't know, Sakuya is a character who is
introduced in Shin Tenchi. She is very quickly becoming quite popular, and
I introduce here her, becuase there are somethings I want to do that I
couldn't do with Kiyonne. Given that at some point it seems like Yuugi and
Sakuya will team up in Shin Tenchi, I will just be playing her character,
not her story. 
 
This is the "Fun" part of this series. Part two will have some more jests,
but the storyline will start to run the story. 

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Part Two: The Tears of Avalon:
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Tenchi was running for his life. Not the first time, and definitly
not the last time he would. In persuit where Aeka and Ryouko, Aeka
waving a small greenish plant, and Ryouko carring what appeared to be
a large pricily bush. This scene sat before Sakuya, imorilized in the
form of a small color Poloroid. 

"I just don't get why everyone is here" Sakuya thought to herself....
					*	*	*

The Emperor's mood was as dark as the vacuum which  beckoned beyond him.
The court was abuzz with trivialities. One noble talked of the weather on
his fair planet, another of the sheer magnificence of the floating palace,
which surrounded them like a canopy of the finest crystal. One noble's wife
was showing off her latest dress, and all were partaking of the vintage sake.

Like lemmings to water, the Council members entered the court. The
political game of siting as close to the emperor as possible, and
therefore, closer to the political power, was played between Knight &
Noble, duke and commoner. 

Misaki and Funaho took their customary position beside the king. Behind
him, Seriyou, the well spoken and influential heir to the planet of Aldera,
perched himself to the side the Emperor.

Seriyou's very presence gave the Emperor pause. The Masati bloodline, of
which Seriyou was born, was beginning to challenge the Masaki's. Once the
secret was revealed, it would only strengthen the Masati's hold upon his
kingdom. 

This situation was only serious, when taken in conjunction with the
fragmentation of his families line. The emperor knew that emperors did
not live long, once an heir was apparant. 

And now, one finally was. 

The emperor could have lived with himself if the heir had been of 
direct Jurain blood, of direct liniege or of noble character. 

The heir was not. 

That was just part of the problem. 

The Jurain's elected a emeperor every one thousand years, from
one of four houses. The emperor had been elected 700 years ago,
in a tight compeitiotn with the 

The court was convened. The speeches were given, and soon only Seriyou's
speech remained. Seriyou's speech was conciliatory, but irreverent. The
court could smell blood in the water, and soon, some began to cheer Seriyou
on. When his Speech was done, he sat down, with a smug, concieted look on
his face. 

It was customary for the first declaration of a session to be made by the
Emperor, and even more customary for the first declaration to deal with the
problem that the council was called for. That in and off itself was the
problem, no one knew why the session was called. 

The first declaration would tell the story, and define history. Waiting for
the silience of the nobles, Azusa stood in the eye of the storm, in the
first move of the greatest chess game of politics ever played. 

"I hereby summon all of the heirs to the throne of Jurai home." 

The entire court looked stunned, and Seriyou's face twisted as he attempted
to decipher the kings move. "These threats must be dealt with" The king
thought. The Courier brought a written copy of his proclamation, and with a
long, exaggerated stroke of the pen, Azusa set forth his plan. As with all
great villains, he then unleashed a sinister laugh, which echoed throughout
the Chambers.

"Too much Sake", Misaki whispered to Funaho...

			*	* 	*

"Masaki-kun" a sweet sing-song voice called out, interupting Tenchi in the
midst of his morning chores. "Hai Kunashira-san" Tenchi ansered Sakuya.
"Here I made you lunch", tenchi took the bag, as Sakuya hid the store
pre-bought food bags behind her back. Sakuya and Tenchi soon drifted into
sweet conversation, as off in the distance, Aeka and Ryouko looked in horror. 



			*	*	*
			
There were worse things Kiyonne could have been doing, but not many.
Contrary to popular belief, patroling in the Earth solar system tended
to be fairly boring. 

Ok, it was completly boring. 

Given the alternitive though, it is note suprising that Kiyonne choose to
spend her time roaming thru empty space, in a vain attempt to catch whatever
fool decidided to ignore Jurai's blockade. 

The alternitive would be to imerse herself in the madness which followed 
Mihoshi like a lost puppy dog. 

In fact, in the year Kiyonne had been in this solar system, only one such
fool had done so, and that one such fool fled when he saw the starship
Yagami bearing down on him. 
 
Still, it was a fairly boring task. 


Kiyonne prepeared to return home, it was, after all, Christmas Eve, and
Mihoshi was not enough to keep Kiyonne from her adopted family. 

But still. 

And then all hell broke loose. 

Kiyonne was thrown against the bulkhead, as her ship violently lurched
accross the night sky. 

Wasting no time to think she quickly raised Yagami's shield, as she brought
her ship around in a complex series of 3D manouvers designed to thwart her
unknown enemy. 
 

"Energy Disruption in sector 9,2,5, Yukonojo mechanicly spit out. As Kiyonne
shifted the ship into auto-pilot, and switched her console to battle mode, she
glanced at the screen for a glimpse of the enemy. 

"Nani" Kiyonne asked, as she stared at a most unexpected sight. 

Nothing was there. 

Kiyonne stared as once again her ship was wracked by a collision. 

Kiyonne quickly scaned the horizion again, but no enemey presented itself. 

Then she saw it. 

It was as if a huge had picked the stars our of the sky, only leaving
a black rip, in the fabric of the sky. 

"Masaka", Kiyonne whispered, as fear began to overcome her, "Masaka" 

Kiyonne unleashed every weapon she had at her disposal, and then watched
as the bolts faded away into the dark void. 

There was one thing left to do.


If it was truly the wraithes, the Masaki's had to know. 

Once again, her ship was battared, and tossed, as if it were a 
a pice of seaweed in the tide. 

"WARNING" Yukonojo screamed, "Decks 1-3 loosing life support, engine
containment failing"

"Oh well,that made this decision easy" Kiyonne muttered. "Yukonojo". "Hai"
Yukonojo responded.

"Initiate self destruction sequance Alpha-K-M-1 "

"Hai"

Kiyonne ejected out of the ship, hoping against logic that the sacrifice
of her ship would be enough to stop the wraith. 

As she was propeled away from the yagami, she watched as the wraith
began to consume the yagami, leaving only streaks of black, where once
pround metal had reigned. 

She watched as the yagami began to glow brighter and brighter as the
core began to self distruct, and a black form was shown against the 
brillian white of the explosion. Then as if a scream of pain, the shock
wave of the Yagami's explosion reached her, knocking her into blissfull sleep.

But two stars were missing. 
				*	*	*
"Ryouko-san, what do you have behind your back?" The princess asked, with
a high pitched tone of voice, which promised destruction, if the qustion
was not awnsered correctly. 

"NOTHING" Ryouko responded, her response, perhaps a bit too curt. The 
princess, knowing full well what Ryouko had behind her back, began to 
summon a shield, preparing for the pening armageddon. Ryouko likewise
began to summone energy from the air. 

Sakuya knew something was wrong, no, it wasen't the fact that the air
had a slight edge to it, and no, it wasen't the face the their was a slight
hum in the background, and no, it wasen't even the fact that sparks were
flying around the room, as if prophets for an impending doom. 

It was the fact that Tenchi had just grabbed her and threw her (and   
himself over the couch). 

Soon, the explosion came, the walls collapsed, and the air in the
room was lit on fire. 

When she came to, Sakuya woke with tenchi and her in a rather compromising
position. 

Sakuya, of course, didn't mind. Tenchi was still knocked out, so weither
or not he minded was irrelevent.  

Ryouko, Aeka, and Sasami did mind. 

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!" 

Their scream brought Tenchi out of his strange funk, as his brain began to
orient itself, he noticed that he was holding something soft. 

As he opened his eyes, he stared into the deep brown eyes of Sakuya, totally
oblivious to the action of thoose around himself. Breating in, he smelled the
sweat smell of her hair. 

Then, as if teasing him, Sakuya closed her eyes, and sighed, a happy
cooing sound.  

Mind you, this all occured in under an second, because that is all the 
time they had before Aeka and Ryouko deftly grabbed Tenchi from Sakuya's
grasp. 
				*	*	*

"What was all that about" Sakuya asked Tenchi, the next time 
they were alone (or at least thought so). 

"Mistletoe".... Tenchi hung his head, as if in shame. 

"Mistletoe?" Sakuya replies, a confused expression on her face. 

"Hai" Tenchi anwsered, leaving out the more detailed explanation. 

"Mistletoe......"

It became clear that Tenchi didn't feel like talking about it, so
Sakuya moved on too a different subject, as they sat under the
starry sky. 

"Tenchi, why are all of the girls here".

The qustion took Tenchi aback, as he sat there. 

"I guess I don't know..." he replied, in a somewhat confused
manner. 


"Well it just seems that...."

Tenchi cut her off before she could finish the statment...

"But they have sort of become my family". 

Sakuya looked at him curiously as she tried to decipher 
his words. 

"I've never had a family" Tenchi said, "Oyaji was allways
working trying to make ends meet, and Mom died when I 
was young." 

"Oh" 

"Since then, I have been alone, not allways physically, but
emotionally." 

Sakuya continued to stare into Tenchi's eyes, as if to
encourage him to reveal his secrets, Layer by Layer, as 
they continued to talk thru the night. 

					*	*	*
Secrets are like snowflakes, a snow flake is never seen by
itself, but allways surrounded by others, who whisper
their tales, this disappear into the vapor of the night. 

Washu sat outside, her head drooped in the cool night air, 
her red hair buffed behind her, as she stared into the water.

Into her reflection. 

Quitly, the lake rippled underneath her, the surface betraying 
the turmoil below. 

Quitly, she watched as the lake turned a blueish hue, and stared
at the reflection of her visitor. 
   
"You finnaly came, did you?" 

"Hai" Tsunami anwered, her voice on edge, and her tone demure. 

An awkward silence followed, as Tsunami stood there, and Washu 
waited. 

"You know that had I know what happaned, I would have stopped it"

Washu flashed a cold smile at Tsunami. "And your previous Jurain
experement would have been ruined." 

"We all make mistakes".

Washu smiled at the ironicy of the statement. "The only reason
you say that is because of Tenchi". 

"That's cold" Tsunami ansered.  

"20,000 years of life make me a skeptic." Washu stated, the
cold grip of her voice betraying a lifetime of betrayel. 


"I understand" Tsuanmi responded. 

"How can you understand? You can't userstand,  
you are just like her, so busy plotting the fate of Galaxies,
that the things that make life worth living just flip by
you page by page, you don't know what live is. " 

"Yes I do, Tsunami said, as she began to fade away"

"Chotto" Washu said before Tsunami has disappeared. 

"Hai" Tsunami said. 

"Please don't take him from me, he's all I have left"  

"What about Ryouko and Tenchi?" The as if a sparrow escaped
her cage, washu smiled, and in a high soprano voice said. 

"Ahh, who cares, let tommorow's problems take care of themselves."

Tsunami smiled, then disappeared. 

					*	*	*

"Lost in Space."

If every Kiyonne was going to write a book about herself, that
is what she thought she would call it. It seemed fitting somehow. 

But there really is nothing more lonley then sitting in a escape
pod, beyond Pluto's orbit. 

It was bad enough that she was there in the first place, but 
that she was stranded in deep space for the second time, in
the last three years was unforgivable. 

If there was something that she could thank the GP engeneers
for, it was that the escape pod was fairly spacious, and furnished. 

Somehow, the emergency beacon had survived the encounter, and was now 
chirping away, to try to get Washuchans attention. 

"Bored Again"

Perhaps that would be a better title, Kiyonne lay upside down on the
floor, her feet suspended by a hammock. Too bad the GP forgot to
include a Television. 

Then, as if a a hevenly reply to her prayers, the proximity sensors of
the pod went off, as a small fast ship came into view. Kiyonne quickly
punched up a voice connection to the Ship. 

"This is GP Officer Kiyonne Makabi reuq...."

"Sorry, don't have time now..." The voice on the other end replied,
in a brisk manner".

"But I have been attacked..." 

The voice responded "Attacked, by who?."

Kiyonne answered "I don't know, it looked like some kind 
of energy being".

"Shimatia" The voice on the other end connection
replied, then cut. 

With this, Kiyonne became quite anoyed, and prepared to
open the connection again, when, without warning, her
pod lurched under her, as she was draged by a sealing
field from the badit's ship. 

Breathlessly, she watched as her captors ship accelarted
towords the third planet.
				*	*	*

"Where's Tenchi-nichan" Sasami asked Ryouko. "Dunno" Ryouko replied
in a voice that indicated annoyince and worry. 

"Hmm", Sasami thought to herself. 

				*	*	*

The moon pierced the cold winters night, as the clouds begain to
form, their willowy form highligthed by the night sky.  

Tenchi and Sakuya still sat talking, oblivious to the passing of time. 

"When I first came here, I didn't know what to do, my grandmother
just said to look your grandfather". 

"Hmm" Tenchi awknowledged, his as if to reassure Sakuya. 

"When I got here, I didn't know why all of the girls fell for you". 

Tenchi looked shagrined when she brought that up, be before
he had a chance to be embarrarised, she continued as she
rester her head against Tenchi's. 

"But, I think I know why now...."

and with that, two girls, hiding in the bushes became enraged. 
				*	*	*

"Ryouko-nichan, do you know where Tenchi is ?" Sasami asked. 
"No, why do you ask?" 

Oh nothing... It was late, about 2:00 at night. 

Note like anyone was in bed anyways. Mihoshi was sitting on the
couch watching old reruns of soap operas. Washu was in her lab working,
Ryouko was sitting up in the rafters board, and noone knew where Aeka was. 
 
Sasami herself was wandering upstairs in her PJ's, in preperation to 
hit the sack. 

Suddenly, a wave of Nausia overcame her, and she doubled over in
pain. Screaming out for help, Ryouko came by, and helped her up.

Washu came running out of her lab, desperatly searching. 

"Where's Tenchi". 

"Up on the roof with Sakuya" Ryouko awnsered
as she fazed away to join her other part. 

In a frenzied hurry, Washu grabbed Sasami, and pulled
her outside. 
			*	*	*
As Tenchi sat on his side, writihing in agaony, Sakuya
tried to understand what was going on. 

Above them, the peacefull cloads gathered into thunderious
storm clounds, and the ground shook, as if crying out
for mercy. 

Above them, the bright moon was eclipsed, as a dark shadow
descended.  

Stricking back at what he impulsivly knew as evil, Tenchi summoned
TenchiKen, and twisted the ring on his hand. Behind him, Sakuya
gave a startled gasp at Tenchi's sudden Metamorphisis. 

Tenchi watched in horror as the shadow crashed into the shrine, but
his fears were alieved as he felt Yousho summon energy from Funaho. 

But still, without a key, Yousho's attack was be severly limitied. 

As Ryouko fased in beside him, she observed the wraithes attack, and
launched a massive energy beam at the wraith. It's effect was lost
and no effect was visable. 

Except that they had gotten it's attention. 

Tenchi urgently told Sakuya "Get out of her now!" Sakuya, meanwhile,
was in a state of shock, unwilling to understand the reality behind her. 

As the wraith attacked, Tenchi thrust forward with TenchiKen. Tenchiken's
blade was parried, by a dark sword, rimmed in white. 

"Masaki Tenchi" The wraith said.

"We have suffered greatly because of your power, no more will we endure
this" And with that, the wraith shimied forward, bringing his sword
even with his opponet. 

Aeka and Ryouko took that moment to attack, Aeka from the left, and Ryouko
to the right. The wraith, anticipating this, cleanly slashed with
his sword, sending Aeka flying back, into a tree, and knocking her
unconcious, and cutting Ryouko's leg.  

Washu came running around the hill, carring Sasami in her arms. When she
came to the top of the hill, her breath was taken away, as she stared
at the scene before her.


The wraith attempted to attack Tenchi again, but the wraithes blast
once again was deflected by TenchiKen. 

The wraith would give Tenchi this much, he was good, but it was time
to stop playing around. 

The wraith struck again, this time, pivoting to his left. 

Tenchi braced for the attack, as he knew it would come, but it didn't. 
Instead he watched in horror, as the wraith attacked Sakuya, stricking
her across her back, sending her crashing into a rock. 


As Tenchi desperatly tried to get between Sakuya and the beast, the beast
switched and struck Tenchi in the ribs, Tenchi screamed in pain, as blood
began to gush out, and collapsed to the ground.  


Once again, the wraith turned on Sakuya, ignoring Tenchi for now. 
Behind him, Tenchi raised his head, a symbol began to emerge on
his forhead, quickly coallescing into the shape of two triangles, one
wider then the other, one longer then the other. Washu could feel
as the energy began to coallesce around Tenchi. 

Raising himself, to one knee, Tenchi pulled three Light Hawk 
Wings into existance, and then transformed one into a sword,
and one into a suit of armour.  

Washu watched in fascination as Tenchi generated his sword, and
then she looked at Sasami. 

Sasami's forehead was glowing. 

"Well, young sis, what have you gotten yourself into know" she
thought to herself. 

Tenchi raised himself up, his sword glowing, and his shield floating
around him. 

"Leave or Die" Tenchi stated, raising his sword to be no small
testement to his power. 

The wraith flowed backwards, and started to fade, until is spotted
it's target. With a single swoop, it sliced down, attacking
the man who stood behind Tenchi. 

As Tenchi screamed a wordless yell, Yousho fell to the ground, Tenchi
summoned all of his energy, and in a massive blast, let an energy stream
cut into the heart of the beast. As the wraith heart was cut out, a
massive explosion emerged, growing larger and larger, consuming all in
it's path, Tenchi pulled the light hawk wings around while he cradeled
Yousho's head in his lap. Washu generated fields to protect the rest
of the girls, as the explosion lit the night's sky. 
 
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Ok, this is what I get for reading "The Bitter End" While 
I wrote part of this fanfic. Obviously this is a little
dark. Is Yousho dead? Just gonna half to wait for the next
one to find out. BTW, I still need rewriters, writers and
pre-readers. The storyline for this series, is completly 
planed out, but under constant revision, (ie, if you have
something you want to see, let me know about it). 

For thoose of you who aren't as big into Tenchi Lore, there
are some Interesting facts here. First of all, Yes, a Jurain
can use a royal tree without a key. Yes, this "wraith" is 
the same race as Kain, Expect that to be a major plot point. 
Yes, I did get no sleep for quite a while, whilst writing this.

Credit has to be givin to bobkat, who took my early drafts of
the first 1/2, and made something readable out of it. Also
to Ryan, who I bounce most of these ideas offa. (allthough
he will be suprised by the end). Also to CuSO4 and Junji, 
and Randell Gee, and Kevin Shuie, and Brazil over on the
TenchiML, my cohorts in Tenchi Madness. 

Yes, there will be more, as soon as I regain my sanity. 
You can help the project along, by sending C&C, to 
boost my ego. ;-)   
