All characters in this story are the sole property of Pioneer Entertainment
& AIC.  The "Heart of Heaven's Fire" was created by the <Dragonbard> [If
you don't mind Lemons, check out his stories "Wedding Nights"].  The events
are of my creation and do not reflect the views of everyone interested in
Tenchi Muyo.  However, I just had to do this story.  And this seems to be a
sweet event that may occur.  That is if the individuals responsible for the
Tenchi Muyo OVAs would please get around to doing a 3rd Ova series.
Speaking for all Tenchi fans everywhere in the world I say, "It's too long
overdue!!" I mean we Tenchi fans don't just want it, we need it.  Give us
an ending we can be proud of and say "That's how I always wanted it to
end." And for God's sake please let Tenchi get ALL the girls in the end.
Maybe I'm just a romantic at heart, but I feel for all these characters.
It would be a shame to hurt any one of them. Since they all love him and
since he is a Juraian Prince and allowed to take more than one
wife........well......you figure the rest out.

Tenchi Muyo:  Love and Life

Story  By: Garry Robinson

The wedding was held aboard the starship "Heart of Heaven's Fire", a
private yacht registered as belonging to Crown Prince Tenchi of Jurai.
It was an early wedding present given to Tenchi and his wives-to-be by
Empresses Misaki and Funaho.......with a little help from Washu.
Tsunami had given them a seed from a normal Juraian Tree of Light and
Washu added a few touches and improvements of her own.  It was a strange
but beautiful combination between Ryo-ohki's crystal starship form and that
of a Juraian spaceship tree.  It even had a landing bay large enough for
Ryo-ohki, Mihoshi's ship, and Ayeka and Sasami's spaceship trees as well.
The ceremony had taken several hours and was broadcast to all the worlds
within the Juraian Empire.  Several noble families of Jurai attended the
wedding personally.  A few high ranking Galaxy Police Officials were also
in attendance.  It was only fitting, after all two of their own were about
to become Princesses of Jurai themselves.  Later, after the reception,
Tenchi and his wives, at least five of them, departed aboard the "Heart"
for a three week honeymoon.  Sasami had elected to stay behind.  She may
have been too young yet for the consummation of the marriage between her
and Tenchi, but she was old enough to realize that she would only be in the
way.  She could wait, after all she would have the incarnated body of
Tsunami when she came of age.  That, and being with Tenchi, was something
for her to look forward to.

The royal and diplomatic introductions began upon the return from their
honeymoon.  It had taken several months to get everything in order.  Azusa
was enthusiastically  acknowledging  his new son-in-law /grandson  to all
the high ranking nobles of Jurai, thus establishing Tenchi's place in the
Juraian hierarchy as the heir to the throne.  Misaki and Funaho, as well as
Ayeka and Sasami, took upon themselves the task of teaching him, as well as
Ryoko, Washu, Mihoshi, and Kiyone in the correct procedures, customs,
etiquette, and diplomatic relations associated with being a member of the
royal family.  Tenchi smiled as he remembered the lessons. He thought that
Ryoko would have been the most difficult to train.  She had become quite
calm though in these last few months, and was more than willing to learn
the proper etiquette of being a princess. Maybe it was just her usual
rivalry with Ayeka showing.  Though that too had ceased. The two of them
were more like...like.  Tenchi searched his mind for a comparison, and then
it came to him.  They were acting more and more the way Misaki and Funaho
acted towards each other.  They were acting like real sisters.  Kiyone's
training and keen sense for detail and discipline as a GPO helped her
greatly.  She caught on rather quickly, but still had that gruff Galaxy
Police demeanor. Washu......well what could he say about Washu? She was a
super genius. She learned  quicker than any of the others including
himself.  The bothersome part was when she started analyzing  the customs
to find out where they had originated from and started comparing them to
several other cultures.  Mihoshi was Mihoshi throughout the entire lesson.
She managed to stumble, sometimes literally, through it.  Surprisingly,
however, she made very few mistakes.  Tenchi had made several mistakes as
well, but his wives as well as his mother-in-law and grandmother helped him
through it all.  For not knowing the first thing about Juraian etiquette,
he and his wives didn't do half as bad as he thought they would.

Yosho had even continued Tenchi's combat training on Jurai.  The training
grounds were slightly different, but the lessons hurt all the same, thought
Tenchi.  He rubbed the back of his head remembering the last lesson he
had.  Topping it all off, he had to contend with five rather amorous
wives.  Azusa had offered to have the largest and most luxurious mansion
ever built constructed on Jurai for Tenchi and his wives, but they all
humbly declined his offer.  Even Ayeka and Sasami, raised as royalty,
wanted to go back to Earth.  "Father," said Ayeka, "It's not that we don't
appreciate your offer, but we've grown accustomed to the simpler ways of
living on Earth.  All we really need is each other.........and your
blessings." Azusa smiled, hugged his two little girls who weren't so little
any more, and kissed them on the cheek. He did the same to each of his new
daughters in law.  Then, addressing Tenchi, he said "Admittedly, in the
beginning, I didn't care too much for you.  For that hasty judgment I'm
sorry.  You had just stolen the hearts of my little girls.  I thought you
were trying to use them to obtain my throne and, needless to say, I was a
bit upset.  Fathers can be very protective of their daughters.  As I got to
know you, however, and saw how much my daughters as well as these other
young women cared for you, and then heard of how you nearly sacrificed your
very life for them........well.....," he embraced Tenchi with a fatherly
hug, "I'm damned proud to call you son, and acknowledge you as the rightful
heir to my throne."

Misaki, overcome by her emotions, had burst into tears of joy at her
husband's kind, loving words.  Funaho, a tear in her eyes as well, placed
one arm around Misaki to comfort her as she handed her a handkerchief.
Azusa excused himself briefly to comfort his wife as well.

"Pssst" hissed Ryoko, nudging Ayeka in the ribs with her elbow.

"Owe!!," exclaimed Ayeka rubbing her side.  Then, in a hushed whisper
asked, "What?"

"Sorry 'bout that.....What's wrong with your mother?," inquired Ryoko
"Isn't she happy for you?"

"Of course she is, Ryoko.  She's happy for all of us.  Mother is just a
little....." Ayeka searched for the proper word "....emotional.  You of
all people should know that."

"Rriiiight" said Ryoko, suddenly remembering her first encounter with
the woman.

"I think mother is sad that we're leaving" remarked Sasami.

"Perhaps so," agreed Ayeka, "but our place now is with Tenchi.  Don't you
want to go home too Sasami?"

"Oh, yes.......it's just that I hate to see mother like this" replied
Sasami.

"It's so touching I think I may start to cry too" sobbed Mihoshi with
tears starting to form in her eyes.

"Here," said Kiyone, handing Mihoshi a handkerchief and remembering the
etiquette lessons they learned, "......and remember not to blow your
nose into it this time.  Not only is it improper, but it's disgusting as
well."

Misaki had composed herself and Azusa once again turned his attentions
to his departing family.  "Are you sure there's nothing I can do to
change your minds?" he asked optimistically.

Tenchi looked at each of his wives, who had gathered close to him now,
for an answer.  He would do whatever they desired.  Each one of them in
turn, as if reading his thoughts, smiled and shook her head negatively.
"I think I speak for all of us, dear." Ayeka addressed her husband.
"Let's go home."

The final good-byes, hugs, and kisses continued for several more minutes as
each one in turn had to say farewell to the departing newly weds, and
guests that had accompanied them.  Tenchi and his father busied themselves
loading the shuttle that would carry them all back up to the "Heart".
Washu had offered to transport them using one of her old transportation
devices, but they all vehemently declined the offer.  They didn't like the
idea of their atoms being scattered through space and reassembled somewhere
else.  She was all set to use it until Ryoko snatched it away crushing it
in the process saying, "No you don't *mom*. I'd like to have all of my
parts, as well as all of Tenchi's parts, where they belong when we get to
where we're going."

"Ryoko," stated Washu with a little pride, "You just called me mom."

"Well........you are aren't you?" responded Ryoko indifferently.  Looking
down at the destroyed mechanism she added, "Sorry, I didn't mean to grab it
so hard."

"That's okay.  The mechanics and physics of this type of device is so
simple I could probably teach Ryo-ohki to make one." Washu smiled.  It
appeared that married life was having a calming affect on her daughter.
"Let's go see what all the gossip's about."  Washu gestured to their
sisters and mothers-in-law who had gathered together in a small group a
short distance away.

Tenchi's father stopped for a brief rest and said, "See that son?"
gesturing in the direction of the talking women.  "They're over there
talking about how well you performed on your honeymoon."

"DAAAD?!?," exclaimed Tenchi.

"Well they are" said Nobuyuki.  "Why else do you think they're gathered
in such a tight circle.  Women talk about such things you know."

Tenchi shook his head and said, "Sasami's with them dad.  They wouldn't
be discussing that in front of her."

"I don't know" responded Nobuyuki suspiciously." There's a lot of
giggling going on over there.  I think these royal types are taught the
art of sexuality at a young age."

"And how would you know that?" inquired Tenchi in a suspicious tone of
his own.

"Trust me I know these things." stated Nobuyuki.  "How was the honeymoon
anyway?" Tenchi smiled sheepishly and blushed a dark shade of crimson.
Seeing his son's response Nobuyuki slapped him on the back shouting, "I'm
proud of you boy!! You were that good, huh?!"

Tenchi decided to have a little fun with his father.  "Let's just say
that if it weren't for my training and the fact that I have certain
Juraian powers........I would've been dead the first night." Tenchi,
turning around to hide the smirk on his face, continued to load the
shuttle.  Glancing over his shoulder he noticed his father standing their
staring at him, slack jawed and bug eyed with a slight trickle of blood
running from *HIS* nose.  Tenchi started the hover loader and headed in the
direction of the shuttle's cargo bay.  It was all he could do to keep from
laughing out loud.

Azusa took advantage of all the good-byes and preparations for departure
taking place to address Yosho in private.  "Son?" he started, "I know your
in their somewhere." referring to the image of the old man.

Yosho smiled asking, "Did mother tell you?"

"No" responded Azusa.  "I can see through that shade your wearing as well
as your mother did.  What happened to you Yosho? Why didn't you ever
return?"

Yosho was not used to this gentle side of his father.  Seeing the
expression on Yosho's face Azusa continued, "You're shocked at my words. I
can tell."

"It's not that father.  It's just that I am not used to talking to you on
an informal basis.  Before I departed it was always formality, diplomacy,
and etiquette" said Yosho.

"I see."  Azusa sighed.  "Yosho, as the Emperor of Jurai I have to carry an
heir of dignity.  Sometimes it can seem cold and hard.  But, here and now,
I would like to say that I love you.  I always did.  When you didn't
return, and I thought you were dead, a part of me died as well.  What
happened when you left here, son? Why didn't you come home?"

Yosho took a deep breath remembering a time long ago and began his
narration of events.  "I left here chasing Ryoko.  I was the only one
skilled enough to face her in combat.  You know that.  Tracking her to
Earth, ironically the same planet mother was from, we engaged in a fierce
battle.  I can't remember just how long it took, but it felt like we fought
for days without rest.  I had finally gained the upper hand and was quite
ready to kill her.  When I pierced her with my sword I felt her life
energy.  If she had been more skilled and fully developed to utilize the
gems properly I would not have survived the first few hours of the battle
let alone a few days.  I was about to deliver the killing blow when I felt
another presence inside her life force......"

"Kagato!!" Azusa spit the name out as if it were poison.

Yosho continued, "Yes, it was Kagato.  He had been responsible for all of
Ryoko's actions.  Her destructive attack on Jurai had been all his
doings.  How he was controlling her I didn't know.  So instead of killing
an innocent woman I decided to extract the gems from her instead. I sealed
her in a stasis chamber unaware of when, or if, Kagato would release his
hold on her.  My ship as well as hers was destroyed during the battle.
With the help of the local villagers, who thought Ryoko was some kind of
demon and I was some kind of God, I was able to salvage Funaho.  She was
battered and broken, but still alive.  We managed to plant her in the
Earth.  I was planning to make contact as soon as Funaho was regenerated
enough to make communication possible.  But, as fate would have it, I fell
in love with one of the village women.  She didn't treat me as some kind of
God, but more like an equal.  I think she knew somehow that I was flesh and
blood the same as her.  The only difference that concerned me was the aging
factor.  I did not realize that in their natural surroundings full blooded
Earthlings lived a mere fraction of our lifetimes.  As she grew older, and
I didn't, I started to alter my appearance so as not to make her feel
inferior to me.  In time she passed on.  I had many wives and many children
in my time on Earth, but they all passed on as well. My love for Ayeka was
never more than that of a brother's love for his sister.  The marriage that
was arranged for us seemed wrong and unimportant to me.  So I decided to
stay and live amongst the people of Earth as one of them."

"I see," said Azusa, understanding his son's feelings.  "Still, you
should have at least sent a message to let us know you were all right"
He shook an accusing finger at Yosho and smiled.

Yosho chuckled and said, "The next time I become stranded on a foreign
planet........you'll be the first person I call" Azusa and Yosho looked
at each other then burst into laughter.  Funaho, upon hearing the
laughter of her son and husband, excused herself from the group of women
and walked in the direction of the two men.

"I see the two of you are getting reacquainted," she said cheerfully.
"And Yosho, how long will you continue to wear that disguise?"

"A while longer, mother.  Besides, I'm used to it." said Yosho

"Very well" conceded Funaho.

Azusa, changing the subject abruptly, and looking in the direction of
his daughters, stated "At least your sisters have found true happiness.
I think that Tenchi will make a fine husband.  I don't know why they all
want to return to Earth though.  Everything they could possibly need or
want could be provided right here on Jurai.  Royalty has it's perks you
know"  That last sentence brought a grin to Azusa's face.

"I'm more concerned with the length of their happiness" replied Funaho
apprehensively as she glanced in the direction of the young women and
Misaki still gathered together a short distance away.

"What do you mean by that my Empress?," asked Azusa, concerned over his
wife's remark.

"Tenchi is of Earth like me," began Funaho.  "Here on Jurai he would live
as long as any Juraian, just like I have, but on Earth he will age like an
Earthl........"

"No mother" interrupted Yosho.  "You needn't worry about that.  Tenchi is
different."

The Emperor and Empress looked perplexed at Yosho's words.

Seeing the look of puzzlement on their faces Yosho continued, "Nobuyuki
is a descendant of my blood line.  When he and my daughter, Achika, were
united and Tenchi was conceived, the Juraian bloodline was made whole once
more.  How, I do not know.  One might call it a randomization of genetics.
Washu has even tried to figure it out, but has had no success. When I held
Tenchi for the first time, and felt the energy flowing through his body, I
was both surprised and amazed.  His blood is more Juraian than father's and
mine put together.  His energy output is almost double mine.  He just
hasn't learned how to channel it to use it properly." Yosho glanced over
and saw that the final preparations for leaving were being completed. They
walked in the direction of the shuttle as he finished his story, "Don't
worry about any of the women. Tenchi would never hurt or let harm come to
any one of them.  And none of them would let any harm come to him. When
they are faced with the worst that is when they are at their best.
Together, there is no force in this universe capable of harming them.  We
may refer to it as the energy force emitted by all living things.  On Earth
they call it the power of *LOVE*."

"Well, son, it appears that I have a strange little family started here."
laughed Azusa as he gave Yosho a fatherly hug. "Let's see. I have a son who
pretends he's an old man, two very much in love daughters, a grandson /
son-in-law who's energy output is quite possibly the strongest that Jurai
has ever seen, a mad genius scientist, two Galaxy Police Officers, and an
ex space pirate, that once destroyed half of my palace, as
daughters-in-law.  Did I leave anything out?"

"Miyaaa!?" Ryo-ohki had come to tell Yosho that they were ready to
leave.

The two men as well as Funaho looked down at the small creature and all
three burst into hysterical laughter.

"I...I almost forgot!!" roared Azusa gasping for air as the laughter
brought tears to his eyes.  "A half cat, half rabbit that turns into a
space ship.  Now.......my family's complete".  The roars of laughter
continued for several more seconds.

"Don't be a stranger, Yosho." chided Funaho with a smile.

"I won't, mother" responded Yosho with a kiss on her cheek

Yosho picked up the small cabbit and walked to the boarding ramp of the
shuttle.  They were met at the ramp by Misaki, and all four of them plus
Ryo-ohki entered the shuttle.  Yosho took his place in one of the empty
seats as Ryo-ohki jumped to her usual perch on Sasami's shoulder.  The
little Princess giggled and asked, "Are you ready to go home too
Ryo-ohki?"

"Miyaa!" was the cabbit's positive response.

"I think we're all ready to go home" said Ryoko with a tired sigh.

Ayeka, having seen the fatigue in Ryoko's eyes, agreed, "I know how you
feel Ryoko.  I'm ready to go home too."

Before the Emperor and his wives exited the shuttle, Azusa asked, "Are
you sure you don't want me to get one of our Guardians to pilot the
shuttle up to "The Heart?"

"Thank you, but that won't be necessary your majesty," said Kiyone as
she jumped into the cockpit of the shuttle and activated the engines.
"I've always wanted to pilot one of these little honeys anyway.  Get up
here Mihoshi I need a co-pilot don't I?"

"You've got one..........sister" said Mihoshi as she jumped into the
co-pilots seat.  Kiyone winced at that word coming from Mihoshi.  Thank
God it was only through marriage.

"What's this button for Kiyone?" asked Mihoshi

"Don't touch that!!" reprimanded Kiyone slapping Mihoshi's hand away.
"You want to dump our belongings stored in the cargo bay all over the
ground?"

"I almost made a big oopsy, huh?" laughed Mihoshi innocently."

Kiyone sighed. "Just read off the check list....and don't touch ANYTHING"

Tenchi, seeing the antics of the two women, laughed.  Addressing his
father in law he said, "Some things will never change." Looking back in
the direction of all his lovely wives  he added, "...  and I wouldn't
have it any other way."

The shuttle lifted off the docking port of the royal palace, and climbed
higher and higher until it became a speck of light among the billions of
stars in the night sky.  Azusa spoke to his wives saying, "Yosho was
right.  I felt the love he spoke about when we were aboard that shuttle.
Our new family is in the best of hands........each others." Funaho and
Misaki put their heads on either side of Azusa's wide shoulders as they
stared into the night sky for a few more minutes.  As the star drive system
of the "Heart" jumped into FTL travel, an elongated flash of light, much
like that of a shooting star, dashed across the heavens. Tenchi and his
family were finally on their way home.

It was going to feel good being back in familiar surroundings, thought
Tenchi.  Even his wives were more at ease now.  The trip home had taken a
mere fraction of the time that it had taken Ayeka all those years ago to
reach Earth.  That was mostly due to Washu's newly redesigned star drive
system that she so graciously donated to the Juraian Federation of Worlds.
"The Heart" was one of the first ships to incorporate this new technology
as well as the Galaxy Police and all the ships of the Royal Space Fleet.
Tenchi was standing in front of a full size window looking at the beautiful
blue sphere just coming into visual range.  Washu had called this the main
observation deck of the "Heart", located in the very front section of the
ship.  He was so caught up in the breathtaking view he didn't hear his
father and grandfather enter the room and walk up beside him.

"Beautiful.  Isn't she?" asked Yosho.

"Yes, she is" replied Tenchi aware now of the two men present beside him.

"It looks so tiny" stated Nobuyuki.

The three men stood there watching the little blue orb continue to grow
in size as the "Heart" sped closer to her final destination. Nobuyuki took
the moment to speak with Tenchi about a little surprise he had been
planning.

"Tenchi, I have a small wedding present to give you and your wives. It's
not as glamorous or as big as what the Emperor could have given
you........." started Nobuyuki.

"Dad, you don't have to give us anything. You've done enough for all of
us." interrupted Tenchi.

"Now..." Nobuyuki lifted his hand interjecting, "...let your old man
finish.  Like I said it's not much, but I'd like you and the girls to
have the house when we return home.  It's my gift to you and your new
family.  After all you don't need me around their prying and getting in
the way."

"Dad, I ..I....don't know what to say.  W-Where will you live?" asked
Tenchi apprehensively.

"Don't worry about me Tenchi I'll make it somehow...." Nobuyuki began

"Nobuyuki!!?, tell Tenchi where your moving." reprimanded Yosho, somehow
knowing what his son-in-law had planned.

Grabbing the back of his head self consciously, Nobuyuki laughed
nervously and said, "Well..........I bought a high rise condo in Tokyo."

Tenchi just smiled back at his father asking, "Why did you buy a condo
in Tokyo?"

"I bought it because it's the perfect location.  It's close to my new
office, and I'm at just the right height for............peeping"
Nobuyuki's grin widened even more.

"I thought you stopped doing that?" asked a surprised but bemused
Tenchi.

"Hey, I've got to have some hobbies to occupy my mind.  It's not like I
have six wives to entertain me" Nobuyuki smiled mischievously.  "You
should see the telescope I bought."

At that moment Ayeka entered the room rather hastily.  "Tenchi?" she
called to him.

"What is it  Ayeka?" asked Tenchi in a concerned tone and meeting his
wife half way across the room.  "You look a little flush.  What's wrong?"

"Oh, It's nothing serious dear.  I'm out of breath because this ship is
so damned big.  I've been walking everywhere trying to find you, and I
just remembered to use the internal locator to find out you were here."
replied Ayeka trying to lull her husband's concern.  "I just wanted to
tell you that it appears that Sasami has contracted a mild case of
Juraian flu."

"Juraian flu? Will she be okay? How bad is it?" Tenchi asked.  The
concern returning to his voice.

"She'll be fine, Tenchi" said Ayeka trying to placate his worry once
more. "Juraian flu is not as severe as the flu's you contract on Earth. It
lasts a while longer, however.  Perhaps several days to three weeks. It is
contagious so we all may come down with it eventually."

"Come down with what?," asked Ryoko as she materialized up through the
floor of the observation deck.

"It's Sasami, Ryoko" Ayeka replied. "I believe she's contracted Juraian
flu."

"I wonder if I'm coming down with that too" said Ryoko. "I haven't felt
like myself lately"

"I don't know" replied Ayeka with genuine curiosity. "Can you even catch
diseases?"

Ryoko shrugged, "I don't know. I'll ask Washu later. She'll  know."

"Perhaps we should all go see Sasami. She may need a little cheering up
from family," said Yosho heading for the door. The rest of them agreed and
followed him into the huge corridors of the ship. Yosho walked a short
distance down the hall then paused. Turning around to face the others he
said, "Your right, Ayeka. This *is* a damn big ship. Does anyone know where
we're going?"

Several moments later, after accessing the computer's directory to the
ship, the small band of concerned loved ones were on their way to the
sick bay........... this time in the right direction.

"Ten-ch..." Sasami coughed hoarsely trying to address her husband as he
entered the sick bay with the others following.

"Shhh....rest Sasami," said Washu as she stood next to Sasami's bed wearing
her traditional nurses uniform. Tenchi had originally thought she reserved
that for collecting "specimen" samples only. It was nice to see Washu using
it for practical purposes too. "She's contracted a pretty nasty strain of
Juraian flu, but I think she'll be fine.  I can't really do anything for
her because of her physiological characteristics combined with the fact
that she's been altered in the astral dimension." Seeing the puzzlement in
the others eyes she said, "Her age and the fact that she's merging with
Tsunami makes it hard for me to treat her.  I don't just want to start
experimenting on her.  It's best to just let it run it's course"

Ayeka, Tenchi, and Ryoko stood close to Sasami's bed. "You hear that
Sasami? You'll be up and about in no time." Ayeka gave her sister words
of comfort and encouragement. "I contracted Juraian flu when I was your age
as well. It's nothing. You just feel bad for a while and then it's over.
You'll be back to your old self before you know it."

"Yeah!!" said Ryoko, helping Ayeka cheer up Sasami. "Your pretty tough
anyway. You don't look half as bad as I feel right now. I think that
bugs kickin' my ass as well."

Sasami laughed a little followed by a painful fit of coughing.

"Sorry, Sasami. I shouldn't have made you laugh" Ryoko apologized.
Washu glanced over at her daughter. Ryoko shouldn't be able to contract
any disease of any kind. Her immune system was designed specifically to
eradicate any foreign entities that may invade her body. Washu would have
to run some tests on her to see. Provided Ryoko would let her.

Tenchi brushed the hair out of his youngest bride's eyes, and kissed her
gently on the forehead. "Rest now, Sasami. We'll be home shortly."

"Miyaa?" Ryo-ohki responded to Tenchi's words.

"That's right, Ryo-ohki" said Tenchi to the small cabbit.  "You look
after Sasami." The small creature responded by nuzzling up against
Sasami's cheek and nestling on the pillow beside the now sleeping
Princess

The doors to the sick bay slid open and in came Kiyone and Mihoshi. "Hey!,
what's going on. We heard that Sasami was sick. Is she going to be okay?"
asked Kiyone.

"I was sick once" said Mihoshi. "The doctor gave me a needle right in my
bottom. I was feeling so bad I had to take a week's absence from my
duties. Remember that, Kiyone?"

Kiyone smiled in reminiscence, "Yes I do." Kiyone's grin broadened. "It
wasn't the same with out you there that's for sure"

"That reminds me," said Washu "Tenchi, dear, could you come here please.
"She reached into the pocket of her uniform as Tenchi approached and stood
close to her.  "Well, I can't reach you up their, " she said in reference
to his height.  Of all his wives Washu was the shortest other than Sasami.
Tenchi bowed slightly only to be embraced by Washu who held on to him with
her left arm around his neck and kissed him passionately on the lips.  At
the same time she withdrew the injection device from her pocket.  It hissed
as she brought it in contact with Tenchi's jugular vein.  Washu released
him and placed the hypospray back in her pocket.

"What was that for?" asked a confused Tenchi as he rubbed his neck.

"Well....." began Washu as she licked her lips, "The kiss was for me. The
injection was to inoculate you against this flu. Can't have my lover coming
down sick now can I?"

"Gee....thanks mom," mocked Ryoko. "Just forget about the rest of us,
right?" From the looks Washu was receiving Ryoko appeared to be speaking
for all of Tenchi's other wives as well as the other two men present in
the room.

"I haven't forgotten the rest of you." Washu replied in her whimsical
child-like tone. Continuing she said, "Now, if you don't already have it
present in your body this will prevent you from contracting this flu. If
you've already contracted the virus this should make the symptoms less
severe than a full contraction of it." Removing the hypospray from her
right pocket and seven multi colored vials from her left pocket she added,
"I have different colors and flavors for each of us."

"Flavors?" asked Tenchi.

"Yep!" responded Washu, "What are you tasting about...............now."

Just then a flavorful sensation trickled over Tenchi's taste buds.
"Cherry!" answered a surprised Tenchi, reacting to the unexpected, but
delicious flavor.

"Cherry, huh?" asked Washu mischievously. "Not much of that left in this
room, .....eh girls?."  With a lascivious smile she glanced over at the
other women present in the room.

Except for Sasami, who was fast asleep, each of Tenchi's wives self-
consciously blushed a deep shade of red as they shot glances at one
another.

The "Heart" dropped out of FTL travel several hundred kilometers before
reaching the dark side of the moon.  The trajectory had been planned to
minimize detection by Earth's deep space sensors. The "Heart of Heaven's
Fire" would remain where it was until it was needed again. The ship was so
huge that the moon was the only object this close to Earth that could hide
it from visible detection as well as it's energy signature. Tenchi and his
family traveled the rest of the way in the small shuttle craft. Washu had
incorporated a holo-shield matrix to hide the shuttle from visible
detection while in Earth flight. A quick stop on the outskirts of Tokyo, to
drop off Nobuyuki, and they were all on their way home.

"It was really generous of father to give us the house," said Ayeka.

"Sure was" responded Ryoko.  "Why does he want to live in Tokyo anyway?"

"He wanted to be closer to his new office, so he says.  I think he kind
of feels out of place now that we're all married" said Tenchi

"Nonsense!" stated Ayeka. "He designed this home for himself and Achika. It
was built out of love. Why would he feel out of place?"

"Nobuyuki will be fine" stated Yosho.  "I know my son-in-law very well.
The house was built for the love of my daughter and he has decided that
it's your love that should fill it now.  Before we even left for Jurai
all those months ago, he had visited Achika's grave and discussed with
her what he had planned.  If she were still alive she would want all of
you to have the home as well."

"That's so touching" cried Mihoshi with tears streaming down her face.

Washu handed Mihoshi a handkerchief. Addressing her husband she asked, "Do
you think Nobuyuki would mind a little remodeling of the house?" The
sparkle of creativity showed in Washu's eyes.

"Dad said that the house was ours now" responded Tenchi. "What did you have
in mind, Washu?"

"Oh nothing dramatic." said Washu. "I don't want to lose the overall feel
of the quaintness of the house. I was merely going to change the sleeping
quarters around on the physical plane. After all we are all married now and
it would be silly to have separate bedrooms. I was more concerned with
changing the para-dimensional aspects of the home. By creating
inter-dimensional links, through several dimensions, I can create more
space on the inside of the house than would show on the outside. Much like
my lab is now.  I could triple or quadruple the space inside the home
leaving the outside appear just the way it is."

"That sounds fine to me, Washu" said Tenchi. "When do you plan on
starting?"

"Probably not for a few weeks yet" responded Washu." I'd like to let
this virus run it's course before I start shifting dimensions on
everyone"

"How is Sasami, Ayeka?" asked Tenchi, seeing his youngest wife asleep in
the seat next to her sister. Ryo-ohki had not left the little Princess'
side. She was still perched on Sasami's shoulder and also asleep.

"Her fever has subsided." said Ayeka feeling her sisters forehead with
the palm of her hand. "I believe she'll be recovered in a few days. I wish
I could say the same for me"

"Are you feeling ill?" asked Tenchi with a tinge of concern.

"Nothing to worry about, love." responded Ayeka. "Thanks to Washu's
inoculation it should not be that severe"

"You feeling sick too, Ayeka?" asked Ryoko. "Join the club, sister, because
my stomach has been giving me a fit for the past three hours"

"You, young lady, are to report to my lab as soon as we land" ordered
Washu in a motherly tone.

"The way I feel right now, I'll let you do any kind of experiment you
want on me as long as you get rid of this damned virus" responded Ryoko.

"Kiyone, hon', when will we be landing?" asked Tenchi as he stuck his
head into the cockpit next to hers.

Kiyone took the opportunity of his close proximity and kissed Tenchi on
the side of his cheek. "With all that's been happening and with me acting
as the pilot on our journey home I haven't had the chance to be that
affectionate." With a wink she said "I'll make up for it later" Tenchi
kissed her on the cheek in return and looked at the control panel in front
of them. "As for landing," she added, reaching over and switching off the
shuttle's engines, "..........we just did." Kiyone, with the deft precision
of her GP training, had set the shuttle down right behind the Masaki home.

There was a chill in the air as they exited the shuttle one by one. Sasami
was still sleeping so Tenchi carried his young wife in his arms out of the
shuttle and into the house. "I'm cold" whispered Sasami awakening from her
sleep. Tenchi held his wife closer and said, "I know, Sasami. We just got
home. I'll see about adjusting the temperature."

"I'll take care of that" said Washu. "I'm quite adept at thermal dynamics"
raising her hands and summoning her computer she made a few rapid
keystrokes and the temperature immediately jumped to a comfortable 78
degrees.

"That's better" said Sasami. The hoarseness in her throat was less severe
now and a vestige of her old self emerged. As Tenchi set her down she
added, "What would you all like for dinner?"

"Oh no you don't young Princess," reprimanded Ayeka in a sisterly tone
of voice. "You are going up stairs and go to bed."

"But I just woke up, Ayeka. I'm not sleepy." replied Sasami.

"You need your rest......" started Ayeka. She put her hand suddenly to
her head and swooned against the wall with the other.

"Ayeka!?" asked Sasami in alarm, drawing the other's attentions. Tenchi was
the first by her side followed by Ryoko, Yosho, Washu, and the others.

"Ayeka, are you all right?!" asked a distressed Tenchi.

"I'm okay, love" said Ayeka. "Perhaps I should rest as well." Seeing the
worry in her sister's eyes she added, "I'll be fine, Sasami. I've just come
down with a little of what you had, that's all"

"I'm sorry you came down with it too, Ayeka" apologized Sasami

"It's not your fault, Sasami. It shouldn't be as severe as yours was. Washu
gave all of us an inoculation for it while we were on our way home from
Jurai. I'll be fine in a short amount of time" replied Ayeka as Tenchi
helped her to the nearest seat.

"Time. That reminds me" stated Kiyone as she adjusted her watch. "I'm still
on Juraian time. What date is it?"

"It's.....November 22nd" answered Washu. "We got home just in time for the
holidays"

"We'll start preparations for the holidays in a couple of days," said
Tenchi. "I think everyone should rest for now. It was a long trip home" He
looked down beside him at Ayeka sitting on the sofa. She looked back up at
him and nodded in accordance.

"Well, I know what I need to rest." stated Ryoko "A nice relaxing soak in
the onsen. Any one else want to join me?"

"Sure. I need to unwind as well." said Kiyone

"Me too, I'm coming." chimed Mihoshi

"I'd really like to run some tests on you Ryoko" began Washu, "but I
guess it can wait 'til later. I'll join you as well"

"You know, Ayeka, that might be what you and Sasami need too. You two
coming?" inquired Ryoko.

Feeling better, for the moment anyway, Ayeka accepted Ryoko's offer also.
"Perhaps I do need to relax a little." Addressing her sister she asked,
"Sasami, would you care to join us as well?"

"No, thank you. Someone should really stay here and prepare dinner."
said Sasami. "Aren't any of you hungry?" she asked.

"I'll stay here and help Sasami" said Tenchi. "You all go and relax. I'll
take care of things in here."

Disappointed that he would not be joining them, Tenchi's five wives made
their way down the hallway in the direction of the onsen.

Seeing that all was in order Yosho said, "I think I'll retire as well
for the evening. If any of you need me, Tenchi, you know where I am."

"Good night Grandpa. I'll see you tomorrow" said Tenchi as he walked
Yosho to the front door.

"Aren't you going to stay for dinner?" asked Sasami as she started setting
places at the table.

"No, thank you, Sasami. Take care, and don't over exert yourself. You are
not completely well yet."

"I'll be careful. Besides I have Tenchi and Ryo-ohki to help me" said
Sasami.

"Miyaa" agreed Ryo-ohki as she jumped off of Sasami's shoulder and
transformed into her humanoid self.

Yosho chuckled. "I see. Give your wives a kiss good night for me, Tenchi"
He made his way down the front steps of the Masaki home. The chill in the
air from earlier had become frigid.

"Are you sure you don't want to stay for dinner Grandpa?" asked Tenchi as
he stood in the doorway of the home.

"No, Tenchi." said Yosho. His breath turning to vapor as it hit the cold
air. "Like you said. It's best that we all rest now. I feel tired myself. I
believe here they call it 'jet lag'. Don't forget that tomorrow we start
lessons again. Same time as always."

"How could I forget," replied Tenchi. Once again rubbing the back of his
head he added, "I still remember the last one"

Yosho just smiled and turned to head in the direction of the shrine.
Flurries of snow were beginning to fall from the evening sky as the eldest
Masaki  made his way up to the Masaki Shrine. Perhaps they would
have a  white Christmas this year.

Three weeks had passed since their return from Jurai. Life in the Masaki
home was slowly returning to normal. Decorations were hung in preparation
of the holidays, and everyone had been busily trying to get everyone else
the perfect Christmas present. Washu had Ryoko in and out of her lab almost
on a daily basis. Kiyone and Mihoshi had even gone back to their duties.
They were the first Princesses, in the history of Jurai, to be Galaxy
Police Officers as well. There had been some reluctance on the part of
Galaxy Police Headquarters to readmit the pair back into active duty, but a
quick message to Emperor Azusa, by Princess Kiyone herself, had remedied
that situation. Sasami had recovered completely from her flu, and the only
others that seemed affected still were Ayeka and Ryoko. Tenchi and his
wives continued their daily chores as usual. Nothing seemed to have changed
except that they were all a little more at peace now. Ayeka and Ryoko no
longer fought over Tenchi's love, and had actually become as close as
sisters could get. In fact all of Tenchi's wives had become like sisters to
one another. Washu was no longer obsessed with inventing, but focused more
on making all their lives a little better. She even took up doing some of
the chores around the house....manually. Kiyone, for all she had been put
through, had even warmed slightly towards Mihoshi and was increasingly more
tolerable of Mihoshi's........eccentricities. She was so at ease now that
she even took days at a time off from her duties as a GP officer, "Royalty
does have it's perks" she would say with a smile. Mihoshi, although she was
still her usual self, had become more lucid of events around her and less
inept than she had been in the past. No one knew if it was the training
they had received on Jurai or the fact that she actually had a life now,
but it was a welcome change none the less.

"I still don't know what to get Tenchi for Christmas" stated Ayeka as
she swept the powdered snow from the steps of the house. "What are you
getting him, Ryoko?"

"I really haven't given it much thought, Ayeka" stated Ryoko as she floated
down from just sweeping off the heavy deposit of snow on the porch roof.
"We only have thirteen days left 'til Christmas. I haven't got a clue as to
what to get him"

"Perhaps we should get together and give him a combined present from
both of us" Ayeka suggested.

"I don't know.  I think we should get him something separate from one
another. You know, something that comes from your heart." responded Ryoko.

"You're right," conceded Ayeka. "Oh well, Twelve days to decide." She
finished sweeping the snow from the steps.

Ryoko shivered a little. "It's getting a little too cool out here for me"
she said. "And I'm not feeling too well anyway. I'm going in to get
something warm to drink. Do you want me to bring you anything back?"

"I'll join you" said Ayeka as she lay the broom against the house.

Ryoko started to phase through the door and stopped letting out a small
wince of pain.

"Ryoko, what is it?" asked Ayeka. But all she was staring at was Ryoko's
rear end.

Slowly opening the door, with Ryoko still attached to it, Ayeka smiled
and brought her hand to her mouth to quell her laughter. Ryoko was
stuck halfway through the door down to her abdomen.

"Ry-y-o-o-oko" Ayeka laughed her name "are you all right?"

"No, I'm not" retorted Ryoko, tears forming in her eyes as she winced in
pain once more.

Seeing that her "sister" was in  trouble, and in a bit of pain, Ayeka
turned serious, "Oh dear! Here let me see if I can....." she pulled on
Ryoko's arms trying to get her loose. Giving up she walked outside to the
other end and started to push, but nothing was giving way.

"Hey! Watch what your pushing on" said Ryoko, feeling Ayeka pushing on
her buttocks in an attempt to shove her through.

Once again returning inside Ayeka asked "Ryoko, has this ever happened
before?" genuine concern showed on Ayeka's face.

"No.  Never" said Ryoko, still struggling. Suddenly she became pale. "I
feel like I'm going to throw up."

"Oh my! Stay there I'll go get Washu" said Ayeka as she hurried away.

"Where else am I going to go?" asked Ryoko.

A few moments later Ayeka returned with Washu and Tenchi close behind.
Tenchi approached Ryoko hastily ,concerned for his wife's well being.
"Tenchi, watch......!!!" Ryoko started but it was too late. He slid on her
"lost" lunch that was now all over the floor in front of her. If it had not
been for the two women catching him from behind  he would have fallen flat
on his back. ".......Out," finished Ryoko. "Oh Tenchi, I'm sorry,
but............"

"Forget about that Ryoko," he brushed the incident aside. "Are you okay?"
asked a worried Tenchi as he knelt by her side and felt around her and the
door, examining the connection between the two. "Can you move at all?"

"Actually I felt fine after.......that" she gestured to the messy floor.
"But I'm still stuck"

"Hmmm.....Let mom have a look" said Washu as she examined the problem at
hand.

"We just can't leave her here. I'm going to cut her out." stated Tenchi as
he withdrew Tenchi-ken and it's energy blade sprung to life."

"No!!" yelled Washu. The energy blade withdrew as Tenchi lowered it in
response. "If you try to cut Ryoko free you'll wind up hurting or killing
her. She temporarily becomes part of whatever she phases through."

"Then what are we supposed to do?" asked Ayeka.

"I'm going to have to use that transporter device I have to separate her
atomic structure from that of the door's" replied Washu as she summoned
the rebuilt device from her sub dimensional lab.

"I don't like that thing" said a testy Ryoko.

"Don't worry" responded Washu "I'm not going to use it on you, but rather
specifically on the door's atoms. Here we go"

The device resembled a small calculator. Washu entered what appeared to be
coordinates along with different variables such as density and structure
composition. The door slowly began to fade away and Ryoko fell forward. If
it had not been for Tenchi being their to catch her she would have fallen
in the mess she had made.

"Now," stated Washu, "I want you back in the lab."

"Not again" said Ryoko in a weakened tone as she lay their in Tenchi's
arms.

"Ryoko, we have to find out what you've contracted," responded Washu,
"Because I'll be damned if that's the Juraian flu you have."

"Washu's right, dear." stated Tenchi as he lifted Ryoko in his arms and
carried her to the sofa. "We have to find out what's happened to you."
Ryoko had not heard a word he said for she had fallen asleep, fatigued from
all that had recently occurred. Ayeka brushed away some stray hair that had
fallen into Ryoko's eyes. "Not too long ago I couldn't care less what
happened to her. But now....." Ayeka trailed off and sat on the edge of the
sofa looking peaked and rubbing her forehead.

"Ayeka, I think you should rest as well." stated Tenchi. "I don't know why
you and Ryoko tried to do any of the chores around here anyway." A bit of
irritation and concern was in his voice now. "There's more than enough of
us to take over for both you and Ryoko until both of you are feeling
better."

"I know, dear. You're right." admitted Ayeka "I think I'm going to go back
to bed." She kissed Tenchi and headed up the stairs in the direction of
their bedroom.

Turning his attention to his other sick wife lying on the sofa, Tenchi
sighed. Washu was at his side now, having finished rematerializing the door
and dematerializing the mess on the floor. "Don't worry, love." said Washu
as she put her arm tightly around Tenchi's waist to comfort him. "I'm not
going to let anything happen to my little girl." Tenchi responded by
putting his arm around Washu as well.  They both stood there watching Ryoko
as she slept soundly.

Christmas was tomorrow. The Masaki family was, for the most part, ready for
the holiday. Washu had revealed her present to everyone a little early in
the form of the inter-dimensional reconstruction of the interior of the
Masaki home. The house was now almost five times it's original size on the
inside. The family room was huge, filled with new luxuriously comfortable
furniture, a state of the art holographic entertainment center, and a
hearth in the center of the room for cozy evenings when all they wanted to
do was be together in each other's companies. The kitchen was built
specifically for Sasami, since she was the one that did most of the meal
preparations. It consisted of gourmet cooking utensils, a walk in
refrigerator / freezer, a walk in pantry that resembled a small room in
itself, a huge sink for washing and preparing foods, the largest cooking
range that any of them had ever seen, and an island countertop table in the
center of the kitchen for easy 360 degree access when preparing the meals.
The dining room had remained the same. Washu sited that she did not want to
change the feeling of togetherness that dining brought to the family. The
library had been updated and catalogued. Washu had added all of Earth's
books including novels, texts, biographies, periodicals, etc. She even
incorporated several volumes of her own work as well, plus the complete
Juraian library of the entire federation of worlds within the Juraian
Empire. They could be accessed via a holo-computer, much like her own, or
one could materialize a hard copy of the text or novel they wanted for a
more personal feeling one gets when reading a book. The upper floor
consisted of the master bedroom, and several smaller guest rooms. Each room
had it's own bathroom. The master bedroom consisted of a huge circular bed
large enough to hold Tenchi and all his wives. Sasami's room was directly
connected to the Master bedroom. She may not have been old enough to share
Tenchi's bed, but Washu thought it would be rather unfair to alienate her
from her husband as well by placing her in another room all together. The
master bathroom had the look and feel of the hot springs or floating onsen
itself. There was an immense communal bathing area surrounded by lush
vegetation. The roof had been replaced by a huge one way viewing dome so
one could bath and enjoy the outside without sacrificing privacy.  Off to
the left of the bathing area was the facilities for doing ones natural
needs. Inside was several stalls, for that rare instance when everyone has
to go at once. Other than those modifications the rest of the Masaki home
remained unchanged. The outside maintained it's humble appearance as it
always had.

"Washu, it's amazing," said an awe struck Tenchi as he stood in the family
room examining everything around him.

"You should see the bedroom" said Kiyone as she and Mihoshi came down the
stairs after examining the second floor.

"I love that bath Washu. It's beautiful" added Mihoshi

Coming in from the other room Ayeka said, "Oh, that library is wonderful.
We should make a family night in it at least once a week, Tenchi"

"Thank you, thank you, thank you, Washu," said Sasami as she came running
in from the kitchen and practically knocked Washu over with a lunging hug
around her waist.

"Well...." stated Washu as she put her arm around Sasami and smiled at
everyone, "I'm glad that you all like it"

"Where's Ryoko?" asked Ayeka curiously as she looked around for her.

"I still have her in the lab" responded Washu.

"Is she getting any better?," asked Tenchi the worry and concern showing in
his face. The other women had gathered around Tenchi, momentarily
forgetting their joy, and looking to Washu for an answer.

Putting them all at ease she said, "Actually she is feeling better. The
episodes of nausea are less severe, her powers seem to be returning to full
strength, and she's actually started to eat more. I'm going to do a full
body molecular scan as soon as I go back to the lab. So there really is
nothing to worry about. It's not life threatening whatever it is. She
should be back to her old self in no time." Upon hearing the good news
everyone was relieved and their spirits were lifted once more in
anticipation for Christmas. Washu excused herself and was returning to her
lab when she stopped and added, "By the way, Ayeka. I put in a call to
Jurai for you to check on whether or not there was an outbreak of the
Juraian flu back home as well. They said that they would pass the message
directly on to your parents and to expect a response sometimes later this
evening."

"Thank you, Washu" responded Ayeka.

"Since Washu gave all of us our presents early should we do the same?"
asked an eager Mihoshi

"I'd rather wait and do like we always do" said Kiyone.

"I agree with Kiyone" stated Ayeka, "Why break with our tradition?"

"We'll wait then and exchange gifts this evening as we always have" said
Tenchi.

"It's just that I'm so excited I love Christmas I wish it could be all
year!!" rambled an overjoyed Mihoshi.

"Come on Mihoshi let's go check out that library. I wonder if Washu
accessed the criminal archives of GPHQ as well?" said Kiyone as the two of
them made their way to the library.

"The only present that I want is for you and Ryoko to get over this
illness" said Tenchi as he walked up behind Ayeka. He placed his chin on
her shoulder and wrapped his arms around her waist holding her tight. Ayeka
responded by letting herself fall back into his embrace. After a moment she
turned around and kissed Tenchi saying, "And all I'd rather have for
Christmas, my love, is you." She held him tightly as her body pressed up
against his. They remained in each others embrace, neither one wanting to
let go of the other.

Washu was finishing her molecular body scan of Ryoko. She had just finished
downloading the analysis into her computer and was bringing the images up
on the monitor when Ryoko came up beside her. "Well, what's the verdict,
doc. Am I going to make it?" she said in a humorous tone as she jumped up
on the edge of Washu's desk looking down at the screen.

"Oh, you'll make it all right. I just can't pinpoint exactly where the
problem lies" responded Washu as she typed away on her keyboard, examining
every aspect of the images that were flowing across the monitor. Washu
stopped typing suddenly and jerked her hands away from the keyboard as if
she had been shocked. Sitting upright now she tapped a single key to zoom
in on one particular area of the screen.

Seeing Washu's response Ryoko said, "Hey!?! What's wrong with you? You look
like you've seen a ghost or something."

"No" stated Washu with a broad grin, "I found what's been giving you so
much trouble lately, my dear."

"Yeah?" asked Ryoko "Well...what is it?"

"Have a look for yourself." said Washu. Her grin broadened even more as
she swiveled the monitor around so Ryoko could see as well.

"Ayeka!?" called Sasami as she searched the house for her sister finally
coming to the Master bedroom. "Ayeka!?" she called once more.

"I'm in here Sasami" called Ayeka from the bathing area where she had
been relaxing in the warmth of the waters.

"Wow!, This *is* nice." said Sasami seeing the new bath for the first time.

"Yes, Washu did make it very nice." agreed Ayeka, "Did you need something,
Sasami?" she asked

"Aunt Funaho and Mother are on the subspace communications relay, and said
that they wanted to talk to you. Something about a call you made earlier?"

"Thank you, Sasami" said Ayeka "I'll connect to the link from in here"

"All right, but don't be too long. The special dinner I'm making as my
Christmas present will be ready soon" said Sasami as she exited.

"Let's see" said Ayeka trying to remember just how to activate a link from
anywhere in the house. "Ahh!!" she remembered, "Computer, activate current
link with subspace relay connection. "At her command a holographic view
screen with the images of her mother and aunt appeared in front of her.

Seeing the lush vegetation surrounding the waters and a slight haze of
steam in the air  Funaho asked "Ayeka, are you at a hot spring somewhere?"

Ayeka looked puzzled for a moment at the question presented to her.
Suddenly remembering where she was she said, "Oh, you mean this" she
gestured to her surroundings. "No, this is the master bathing facility of
our new bedroom. Washu did some kind of dimension shifting. She added on to
the inside of our home while leaving the outside looking the same as it
always was. It's rather quite amazing and breathtaking, Aunt Funaho. It was
a Christmas present to all of us from her. What she did with the other
parts of the house are equally as wonderful as this. You really need to see
it for yourself to grasp the full ingenuity and beauty behind it."

"From what I can see it looks very lovely and soothing. If Washu did it I'm
sure it's nothing less than amazing." complimented Funaho.

"Darling we heard you and Sasami were ill. How are my two little girls?"
asked an overly concerned Misaki.

"Don't worry mother. For the most part we're all doing fine." responded
Ayeka as she sunk slightly in the warmth of the soothing waters, "Sasami
has recovered completely from the Juraian flu, and I'm recovering slowly. I
have my off days where I feel sick or nauseated, but there becoming less
and less severe. Washu says Ryoko is recovering too. So we should all be
well within another week or so."

The two Empresses glanced at one another for a fleeting moment. "Ayeka,
dear, " said Funaho as she turned her attention once more to the relaxing
Princess in her view monitor, "you can't have contracted Juraian flu."

"Whatever do you mean, Aunt Funaho?" asked Ayeka as she sat upright in the
waters surrounding her. "Sasami must have contracted it somewhere and came
down with it when we were traveling home from Jurai. Washu herself
diagnosed Sasami with it, and took precautions to vaccinate the rest of us
from contracting a full case of it. She said that if  we already had it in
our system that we would likely have a slightly less severe case of the
Juraian flu than usual. Ryoko and myself must have already had it in our
system from being around Sasami."

"Dearest" started Misaki, "You had the Juraian flu when you were about
Sasami's age. Do you remember that?" asked Misaki in a motherly tone. Ayeka
responded affirmatively by nodding her head in accordance. Seeing her
daughter's reaction Misaki continued, "Ayeka, the Juraian flu is much
like....uhh...." she paused and turned to Funaho asking, "Sister, what's
that itchy ailment that young Earth children mainly contract?"

"Chickenpox?" replied Funaho

"Yes, that's it" responded Misaki once again returning her attention to her
daughter. "The Juraian flu is like chickenpox. You can only contract it
once in your life, Ayeka. You have already had it, dear, and can not come
down with it again."

Ayeka shook her head saying, "I had no idea." She looked down at the
ripples in the water thinking for a moment then asked, "But if I don't have
the Juraian flu why have I been feeling so ill lately?"

The two Empresses once again looked at one another, and then back at their
daughter.

"Ayeka, are you feeling relaxed right now?" asked Funaho.

Puzzled by such an odd question Ayeka responded somewhat irritably
saying, "Of course I'm relaxed in my surroundings here. It's quite
luxurious in this internal hot spring. Why do you ask?"

"Ayeka, dear, ........  we need to have a little talk." stated Misaki.

Nobuyuki and Yosho had visited earlier that day bearing gifts for everyone,
even Ryo-ohki. They had stayed for several hours and celebrated the joyous
holiday that would be tomorrow. Sasami had prepared a very elegant dinner
that was customary for Christmas Eve as well as the Juraian holiday of
Startica. Their guests were gone now, and Tenchi and his wives rested in
the family room that evening; relaxing in the warmth and glow of the hearth
as the fire crackled softly and emitted a flickering subdued light. His
wives had given their gifts to him earlier that evening all except Ayeka
and Ryoko who had each said something about a surprise. Tenchi was new at
giving gifts for six wives so he opted to get them all the same thing to
show that he loved  each of them equally. It was an elegant solid gold and
platinum necklace with a locket in the form of a Juraian Startica Bell
flower. In the center of the flower was a single diamond that glistened
like a drop of dew. Within the locket was a holographic image of himself
and an inscription that read: "Fewer words spoken were ever so true. I
would rather die than forsake any one of you." His wives were visibly
touched by the words more than the gift itself, and smothered him with a
huge group hug and kisses.

Ryoko had gone into the kitchen to fix herself, of all things, a hot cup of
tea. She had altered her usual festivity drinking of sake for some reason.
But, thought Tenchi, she had been through a lot lately, and was probably
unwilling to take the chance of coming down sick once again.

Ayeka seized the relaxed state of the moment to present her gift to Tenchi.
"My love," she began, "I have a special gift for you."

"Ayeka, you didn't have to get me anything special." said Tenchi

"First you have to close your eyes and hold out your hands," said Ayeka as
a smile played across her lips.

Tenchi complied and held out his hands. Ayeka gently grasped both of his
hands and placed them on her waist. She guided them down her waist, across
her lower abdomen, and placed them firmly on her stomach. A puzzled look
came across Tenchi's face as he felt the curvature and warmth of Ayeka's
body, and the fabric of her dress. The other women present had sat straight
up from their relaxed positions, a smile of both shock and joy upon their
faces. Before they could say anything Ayeka put a finger to her lips in a
silent plea that they all be quiet. They complied and sat their quietly in
anticipation of Tenchi's reaction.

"You can open your eyes now" said Ayeka

Tenchi did as he was told. Upon opening his eyes Tenchi quickly looked up
at Ayeka. His mouth hung open as his eyes widened and filled with tears
from the expectations of what he suspected, he couldn't get the words he
was trying so desperately to say out of his throat. Tears of joy flowed
down Ayeka's face as she nodded and answered his unspoken question, "I'm
pregnant!!"

Ryoko, having just walked back into the family room from the kitchen, and
hearing Ayeka's words, choked on the tea she had been sipping. Spitting it
back out into the cup she had been drinking from she grabbed for a napkin
and wiped her mouth. Ayeka's and Tenchi's joy momentarily turned to concern
as she choked and gagged on the hot liquid. "Ryoko, what happened?" asked
Ayeka, "Are you okay?"

"I'm fine" responded Ryoko hoarsely as she tried to clear her throat. Ayeka
had a suspicion that Ryoko may have been upset that she was going to bare
Tenchi's firstborn. Not wanting to keep things bottled up between them
Ayeka asked hesitantly, "Ryoko,....sister, you aren't by any
chance.....upset....over my pregnancy......are you?"

Ryoko smiled at Ayeka, walked over, and gave her a huge hug saying, "How
could I ever be upset over such a wonderful thing? I'm just a little
shocked and embarrassed that's all."

"Why would you be embarrassed?" asked Ayeka as she hugged Ryoko back.

Ryoko smiled as tears filled her eyes now. She looked over at Washu who
smiled back at her daughter and nodded for her to continue. "Because, dear
sister,...." Ryoko released her hold on Ayeka, and gently patted her own
stomach. "....I got him the same thing!!"

Tenchi fell on the floor, his legs having buckled under him as the emotions
of elation and shock overwhelmed him. He lie their on the floor for a
moment as his wives gathered around him.

"Tenchi you're going to be a father" chimed Sasami cheerfully. "And I'm
going to be an aunt. Isn't it just wonderful!?!"

"Well, ladies," Washu addressed Mihoshi and Kiyone with a devious grin, "I
guess to keep from being out done you realize what we three have to get
Tenchi for his birthday now?"

End.

Author's notes:

Thanks go out to <wizard31> for clearing up the grammar and some of the
wording of the original story. I think this version is much more fluid and
easier to read. I would also like to thank those individuals who e-mailed
me with compliments on this story. I still have no intentions of writing
any more Fan Fiction in lieu of the fact that I received *a lot* of hostile
e-mails from those who didn't care for the story plot. I think I'll keep
any other story ideas I have to myself. It was fun writing these two
stories, though. I hold no real malice or content towards those who
e-mailed me with their strong disagreeances. As long as there are those
kind of people out there with such a passion for Tenchi Muyo this and other
Web Sights like it will never see an end. They will simply go on
forever......... just like Tenchi!!

Good bye all. It's been a blast!!

<garry7@goeaston.net>
