                                Love at Last

Today was yet another beutiful day at the misaki house.As tenchi woke up
seein none other than
ryoko
with her bloodshot eyes looking right back at him.As tenchi realized this he
screamed.

Ryoko!?,would you stop doin that! said tenchi in a whiney tone.

doin what tenchi?as ryoko started to smile evily.

would you stop allways goin in my room so early in the morinin,it enough to
make me sick you
know, as he said in a demandin tone.

ryoko was startled by this.because tenchi never would never try to hurt her
feelings,but he did.

t..tenchi i am sorry.and ryoko said that she left a bit angry but not to
mad.

(i am sorry ryoko i didnt mean it like that)as tenchi thought to himself.

As tenchi got dressed and went down stairs sasami was all ready cookin up a
storm.

wow sasami that smells really good.

why thank you tenchias she giggeled

oh tenchi,can got and get washu to tell her that breakfeast is ready.

uh......sure.that was all tenchi could say because everytime he would go
into
her lab who know
what  might happen to him.

as tenchi walked into the lab he was suprised to see that washu didnt do
anythin ridiclouse.

uh washu.tenchi said and then he realized something.he didnt call her little
washu.

washu turned around and  pointed a laser gun straight to his head.

now now tenchi what do i allways tell you to call me.as washu said in a
playfull tone.

LITTLE washu he said.as tenchi stressed the words little out as best as he
could.

correct!,and in one instant the gun was just tossed away.

what do you want tenchi?washu said.

i have come to tell you breakfest in ready.

ok. i will be right up.

as tenchi left he noted to himself in his mind.(ALLWAYS CALL HER LITTLE
WASHU)

tenchi can you go and set up the table for me.sasami said

yeah sure.

as tenchi finished settin the table all the girls came to eat.

as allways tenchi was sittin next you ryoko and ayeka. and was a bit
suprised
that ryoko didnt
glomp on him.

breakfeast as good sasami thank you.said tenchi in a most relaxing tone.

aw man i am gonna be late for practice.as tenchi said and left run not to be
late for practice.

uh is anybody ginna help claen up the dishes.said sasami said.

but when she said that Ryoko,Washu,Mishoshi,and Ayeka all left.

ah well it just you and me ryo-oki.

meanwhile at practice tenchi made on time but barely.

ok grandpa i am here.

are you ready tenchi.

yes grandfarther.

for what it seem like an eternity tenchi was fencin with his grand farther
and was loseing.
after a half an hour the practice was over.

very good tenchi you managed to hit me twice.as yosho said in a pround
manner.

yeah wll you hit me like twenty times as tenchi said feelin some pain from
thos hits.

relax tenchi take a break then you can go and plant more carrots for
ryo-oki.

uh ok,with that said tenchi left and relaxed on his pourch.

all her relaxed on the pourch ayeka came and sat down next to him.

hello miss ayeka how are you fellin.

i fellin good today lord tenchi.

how was practice,ayeka said hopeing to start a covosation.

not to good grandpa got me good this time.

yeah well pracetice makes perfect.

well i have to go and plant fresh carrots.ryo-okie ate finishe a whole
bacth.

oh lord tenchi!

yes miss ayeke?

can i talk to you before dinner?

sure thing.well gotta go.

as tenchi was still planting the carrots,it was about time for lunch.

tenchi! said a familar voice

yes ryoko?

i have brought you some lunch that sasami made.

why thank you,i do need a break any way.

uh tenchi?can i talk to you

yeah ryoko what do you want talk about?

US she said in a very serious tine.

you know tenchi i allways saw you when you were a child.

you did?he sounded in disbelief.

yeah,i saw you when you when to the cave when your mom died.

ryoko?he said with sadness in his eyes

tenchi?what do you think about me.i mean seriously.

r..ryoko?well (this is a new question he thought)

tenchi please tell me.said ryoko in a frightfull nature

well you are gorgous,a very talented woman in many ways,you allways express
your feelings,
you allways try to help me,and well i am just glad i ever met you.

ryoko had shed a single tear from hearing his words.

ryoko are you okay?

yeah its just i allways wanted to hear say soomething like that to me.

tenchi i..i love you.as ryoko said this she just was lached on to tenchi.

tenchi had put his arms around ryoko and just held on her.

as the minutes went bye just being held on to ryoko and eatin his lunch
tenchi thought to himself.
(so ryoko finnaly told me  her true feelings.i see she truely means what she
allways said.it best i
take it slow though)

well ryoko i have to go back to planting the carrots.

ok.tenchi thank you for everthing.

uh ok.

as tenchi was working in the feilds he was just thinking about what just
happned to him.

tenchi finnaly finished his work planting when ryo-oki came

now now ryo-oki we have to let the carrots grow.

miya?

well come on lets go home.

miya.the furry little cabbit sighed happily

as tenchi reached home sasami was there to greet her.

hiya tenchi.i see you finished workin.

yeah.well i am gonna go take a shower right now.

ok seeya.

as tenchi was i the shower he wondered why ryoko said what she said.even
though
what she said she actually,but what did ayeka want to talk about.

tenchi had gotten dressed and went out down stairs where ayeka was already
there

lord tenchi?can i speak wiht you for a moment.

ryoko had come in the house.

hey ryoko.asked sasami

yeah kiddo?

can you go and set the table.

meanwhile ryoko was in the kicthen gettin ready to set up the table since it
was her turn to do it any

just as ryoko walked in she heard words that would haunt her forever.

lord tenchi?i..i am the royal princess of jauri and the main reason i am
hear
is
because of you.

what are you tryin to say miss ayeka.tenchi said even though he new what
she meant and man this just didnt fell to good

lord tenchi i..i..i love you!,i have love you ever since you let me and
sasami stay here,but tenchi tell do you me please tell me the truth.

ayeka was all tenchi could say.he could not believe this happened to him
twice in one day.

tenchi thought to himself(well i might as well tell her)

Ayeka i..i love you  b.......tenchi could not get the last part of what he
was goin to say because ayaka was so happy that she actualy lost her morals
as a princess.

i love you too lord tenchi and ayeka kissed him on the lips.

but miss ayeka

i know we have to tell ryoko.but i just want ot be with you right now my
love

then both of them heard a pair of dishes crash!

tenchi immideatly thought to himself(PLEASE DONT BE RYOKO PLEASE DONT BE
HER,
IF THERE IS A GOD PLEASE DONT BE RYOKO)tenchi kept think this over and
decided
to see who it was when he realized it was no other than ryoko.

ryoko its not what you think.tenchi said tryin to calm down ryoko

ryoko started to cry and just said word that semm to hurt him.
tenchi h..how could you do this to me i..i love you!AYEKA you won,goodbye
tenchi i will never
see you again!with that remark ryoko left crying.

RYOKO NO COME BACK!tenchi shouted as loud as he could.

let her go ayeka said with pity in her voice.

just then washu came and already knew what happned.

tenchi go get her before its to late said washu in a serious tone.

she deserves to be alone riht now little washu,she is in pain right
now.ayeka.said sounding sincere.

Ayeka!washu said,if she does anything to harm her own self i will kill
you.she is the only family i
got,and i wont let anything harm her,not even her ownself.

little washu let me talk to ayeke real quick.

fine tenchi and washu left and went back in her lab.

miss ayeka.i love you.

i know lord tenchi,and i love you.

thats the thing ayeka i love you but i am NOT IN LOVE WITH YOU.

i tried to tell you.but you got to excited.i am sorry miss ayeka.forgive me.
then he left

ayeka hearing this went all most in complete shock.ayeka stood of a mirror
and started to wonder
i am the princess of jauri and tenchi is a prince,he faught sergio to let me
stay, but he chose that
monster-woman over me.why?am i not good enough.why?

because you expect him to live in a place where he does not really wan to
live.said sasami who
heard what her sister was rambling about.

RYOKO!.....RYOKO WHERE ARE YOU!said tenchi in desperation.then it occured to
him,the
cave he thought man i am an idiot.

when tenchi got to the cave he saw ryoko.

ryoko he called

she didnt reply

then he realized she wasnt moveing.ryoko lay on the floor unconcious on the
floor with serious
wounds.

she tried to kill herself.

as tenchi pick up ryoko he brought her to her room where washu set a
rejuvination bed for her.

tenchi got a chair and sat right next to ryoko.

washu how long till she gets better?

well tenchi with the speed of this bed around 3 to 6 hours.

can i be alone with her.

sure and washu left tenchi alone with her.

why ryoko?why the hell did you do this,i wanted to show you so much,i wanted
to show you the
carnivals,the beaches,the parks,and everthy else that you would haved
desired.

i am so sorry my beloved ryoko.

ryoko,he said with tears in his eyes.you were allways there for me ever
since
i was a child,you
were there when my beloved mother died,you were even there when i prentended
to slay moster
near your cave.now ryoko i will be there for you.

its been 4 hours and very little progress with ryoko getting better.

no.i wont let you go ryoko,i wont let you die.tenchi said with determination
in his eyes.

then tenchi remembered.the tenchi-ken.it has ryokos gems.

(with ryokos others gems maybe she can get better faster)he thought to
himself,tenchi concentrated his thoughts to ryoko and her gems,and allmost
instantly  her 2 gem other gem came to ryoko.

but still there was no progress.

ryoko please live i need you.

tenchi grab her heaf and put it to his forhead and started to cry.

t..tenchi.

ryoko!?

tenchi looked up and saw ryoko awake.

your awake.he sighed with joy and relief

why tenchi?why couldnt you tell me that you were in love with ayeka.

ryoko.listen to me.

there is something you need to know.i told i ayeka i loved her.

dont remind me.she started to cry

please let me finish,i do love her BUT i am not in love with her.ryoko i
love
ayeka like i love my
farther,grandfarther,mihoshi,sasami, and washu.

and what about me huh.she said no louder than a whisper.

ryoko i am in love with you.

tenchi?she said in shock

just rest my love.

he kissed ryoko right on the lips and he left thinking if he made the right
choice.

wow this is to much for me to handle,well i am gonna go to sleep.

tenchi had slept the rest of the day.

the next morning.

as tenchi woke up he realized that ryoko wasnt there.

so it wasnt a dream,thats means i actually told her.

as tenchi went down stairs he saw ayaka sitting on the couch.

miss ayeka?

hello l...lord tenchi.she replied

miss ayeka i am sorry,i didnt mean to hurt your feelings,thats why i
 never said who i loved because i care for you and i just couldnt seem
to hurt you in anyway,please forgive me.

lord tenchi it is true that i dont really care for ryoko,but you have
choosen
to be with her and i
have not right to judge you and your decision,so i have decided to go to
juri
and sasami can stay
her she dosent need to be draged because of me.

miss ayeka.he said in disbelief

look tenchi dont make it already hard enough as it is,i am allso doing this
for your well being as
well,because in know you will allways fell sorry for me

if i stay here.its my decision.

when will you be leaveing.he said sounding defeated

later today.

ayeka went into the kicthen where sasami was there.

hell sister,how are you doing.

i am doin quiet fine sasami i guess.

sasami i have somethin to tell you.i am leaveing to go to juri.

but why ayeka.i dont want to go.

no sasami you are staying here but i am going home.

ayeke your kidding right?

no sasami i am serious.

no ayeka dont go dont please dont go,i dont want you to go please.

sasami its my decision please dont make it harder than it allready is.

BOOM!

i see they arrived quiet early.

well little sister it am goin to say goodbye to everyone else before i go.

when ayeka left the kitchen washu,mihoshi,sasami,grandfarther.and tenchi
were
allready there.

mihoshi goodbye i am gonna miss your clumsyness.

good be ayeka said mihoshi as she started to cry and hug ayaka fair well.

Little washu its been quiet fun with you being here,i am gonna miss you,you
coky scientist.

and i you princess ayeka,i will miss you.

grandfarther or rather yosho i hope i will be able to see you again brother.

and i you my little sister.tell mother i said hi for me will ya.

sasami my dear sister please dont cry,i am doin this for myself.you did
nothing
wrong.

ayeka dont go please dont go i will miss you so much.i love you sister dont
go.

goodbye sasami.

lord tenchi.t..t..thank you for letting me stay here all this time,please
take care of sasami.

tenchi hugged her.

tenchi take care of sasami and ryoko.

theres only one person left to say goodbye.

everone was suprised because she went up stairs.

who else is she going to talk to asked mihoshi.

you dumb bubble head blond,she is goin to break peace with ryoko.

in ryokos room.

hello ryoko,its over,all the fights are over tenchi has decided to be with
you after all.i am leaveing
for juri just to let you know.i hope you and tenchi live you lives
happily,good bye my ....f.r.i.e.n.d.

as she left ayeka looked at her old rival and let out a smile.i still think
i
am better than that
monster-woman.

well i am of everybody.hope to see you soon.

ayeka left with her ship.

fair well ayeka.well i think ryoko shoud be gettin better bye now.

its best i check on her.

as tenchi walked into the room ryoko was still in the bed.

oh ryoko please dont try and comit sucide.i wont ever forgive my self i you
did kill you self.

ryoko startes to awaken.

tenchi.

ryoko your awake my love?

then it wasnt a dream.

it happned and yes i told ayeka,about how i feel for you.

but she left.

she left when you were still asleep.

hey tenchi why do i have all my gems,i thought that two of them were in the
tenchi-ken.

i want you to have them back,i mean there yours in the first place and i
trust you with all my heart
anyway.

tenchi can you carry me down stairs,i know i can fly and teleport but i just
want to be carried by
you.

ok yeah sure.

as tenchi carried ryoko and started to go down stairs tenchi realized at
actually how beutiful
ryoko is,but tenchi didn just love ehr for looks.he loved her for who she
was.

as tenchi finally came down stairs he saw washu there.

i see my little ryoko is finally awake.

washu i wishe youd stop calling me that.

i will one one condition.

let me guess call you mom right?

no just call me m.. hey wait a minute how did you know i was gonna say that.

cuz you allways do.very well mom.

thank you my li.. ryoko.

hey guys i just got bad news.

what is it mihoshi?

its ayeka.

she is dead,she was shot down bye this unknown enemy.

        meanwhile in space.

so pitifull the princess ship dhot down in one shot.well what ever.she was
never our real target
anyway.

where to master Zanon.said a servant.

to the place in the sol system called earth.

why there sir.

for my real target.

as a progection of ryoko came out.

ryoko you mine.

          back at the house.

i cant believe this,ayeka dead.tenchi thought.

NO!!!!!!! cried sasami.

they all started to cry.

little washu what can we do about this enemy.

well tenchi i know where this enemy is goin,she is coming to earth.she say
still sobbing.

well at the speed he is goin he will probably be here in a day.

tenchi there is somethin i want to talk about you alone.

yes what is it little washu.

i know who the enemy is.

he is Zanon.he is completely mad and evil.he has the power of the Dragon
hearts wings.

whats the Dragon hearts wings.

the unlike the lighthawks wing wich energy come only from the power from
juri.

the Dragon hearts wings gets its energy from EVERTHING,also the Dragone
hearts wings has 7
seven wings each wing has the power of 100 lighthawk wings,also the Dragon
hearts power is in
the form of a sword,which is called Masamune.

tenchi you must try to steal the sword away from Zanon,if no you will die
from his power.

thank you for telling me this.

as tenchi left he wonder why this is happenin.

    meanwhile in space.

sir we have arrived at earth.

good very good.

but master Zanon why are we after ryoko again.

she killed all my friends.family.everthing i ever loveand she took it
away,it
been almost seven
hundred years since she killed everyone i loved.and i swore to get revenge
on
her even if it meant
killing her so called friends.

oh ok,sorry master Zanon.

as shall rest. i will attack them tommorow.i need to prepare.

back on earth.

tenchi he is here.said washu

where. he is waiting in space.he is also preparing for the battle.

everyone listen our enemy is in space waiting for us.

are everyone ready for tommoorow

well all are tenchi.said ryoko.

very well then.

                      The great battle

the day finally had come.

is everyone ready.

yes!we all are!they all said.

look shouted sasami thats has to be the ship.

the ship landed when a man came out.

greetings everyone i am looking for the Legendary space
pirate Ryoko.

i am ryoko,what do you want from me.

what i want is you dam life you bitch.

is that so bring it on.

die.

as Ryoko fought Zanon there swords clashed with a force that shook the
world.

you are not match for the power of Masamune die you demon.

as ryoko fell to the floor she just telported away from the attack.

with one strike ryoko fell to the floor from Masamunes power.

its over die.

stop!as tenchi came and doged the attck away from ryoko.

get away boy this has nothin to do with you.

yes it does i love her and i am not goin to let you harm her.

just try and stop me.

as tenchi and Zanon battle insued ryoko was in some serious pain.

little washu is ryoko going to be fine.said sasami

i..i dont know she is in bad shape.

fell my power fool.

stop this nonsense?

as the battle insued it was obvious that tenchi was loseing the fight.with
every strike tenchi was
weakining.the one instant tenchi slashed Zanon in the side of arm.

ah so boy you think your stronger than me.fell my power.Zanon said in a
weaken state.

i Zanon call opon the power on the great Dragon hearts wing.

take this Dragon heart laser strike!!

a purple beam of immense power came straight at tenchi.

tenchi was stuck in fear and could not even move.

tenchi no!said ryoko in major pain.

came right in front of tenchi and took the blast head on.

tenchi was pushed by a body with a an extreme force.

it was none other than his beloved ryoko who saved his life.

t..tenchi.she said in agony.

ryoko why did you go and do that for,you didnt have to do that ryoko.

goodbye tenchi my love.

no ryoko no NO!!!!!.

she is dead Zanon are you happy now huh well are you,you bastard.

yes,yes i am quiet pleased.

no i wont let her life die in vain.

tenchi thought of his one love and how she died for him,the great power of
the light hawk wings
appeared.buy the light hawk wings had changed.

what how can this be i am the only one with this power.Zanon stated in shock

no anymore you arent the only one,i to have the power of the Dragon hearts
wings.

your still no match for me,feel my power you fool.

i grow tired of this.its time to end this pathetic game.

die boy!

never!,i wont die to the likes of you Zanon.

as the two rushed each other with an extreme murderous intention.it was just
a matter of time
before one died.

die you b...bbooyyy.Zanon could not finish his sentence when he realized
that
the sword
tenchi-ken was right in his heart.

ahh i see even though you may have beaten me i still have the last laugh.

tenchi slashed Zanon right in the chest and he was dead with that last
strike.

WHY!?,why did i have to lose two people who i care and love.first ayeka then
ryoko,i am gonna
destroy this peice of shit ship that Zanon has.but before tenchi was gonna
destroy the ship he was
in shock at what he saw.

how can this be!we heard you were dead,thank god your alive ayeka.but they
said you died.

no tenchi.Zanon did indeed destroy my ship but i did not die.Zanons servant
had rescued me.he
saved me.i dont know why but he did.he put my in criostasis until you had
kill Zanon,and you
suceded.

no ayeka i didnt its true i saved your life and i am overjoyed that your
alive but ryoko,she she is
dead.

tenchi as much as i dispise that monster-woman there might be away to bring
her back to life.

what how tell me.tenchi said with determination in his eyes

when i was on the DRAGON which is Zanons ship the loyal servant who save me
said that it was
possible to bring people back to life.but the persons heart must be pure.he
also said that the sword
Masamune has the ability to merge with the tenchi-ken,with the two sword
combines there power
is said to be unequaled.another words tenchi concentrate on your thoughts on
ryoko.and if your
love is pure enough she might be able to be brought back to life.said ayeka

ok i shall try,its time to see what the Dragon hearts wings are made of.
RYOKO,RYOKO,RYOKO,RYOKO. that was all tenchi thought about.
its not working.no ryoko i..i dont want to lose you not again.

tenchi.said a very familar voice.

ryoko your alive?

yes only because of your love for me.

AYEKA!,your alive.

yes and i see you are alive as well ryoko.

ryoko i love you.and i will allways be with you.

tenchi we will be together forever.

legal disclaimer:i do not own these charcters.the charster of tenchi muyo
belong to AIC and
PIONEER.so please dont sue me cuz i dont have that kind of money to get
sued.
This story was created by me Divine Death Dragon.
 this story is about tenchi who finally chooses between ayeka or ryoko and a
villan who tries to
kill ryoko
 comments are extremly appreciated because well this is my very first fanfic
ever so i would like to
know what you think. please e-mail me at ED KID 2L@AOL.COM
