DISCLAIMER: You know how this goes, I don't anything relating to Tenchi unless 
if I create my own characters.  They are owned by AIC and PIONEER so
don't sue me.

"The Love of a Demon"

Chapter Two:  "Final Battle"

 

Tenchi and Ryoko: "Kagato."

Kagato: "Yes, it's been a while Ryoko. 

Tenchi: "I thought I killed you."

Kagato: "Not exactly, the power of your light hawk sword just sent me to a 
different dimension, but I broke through back into this dimension, and now I'm 
back.
So Ryoko come back to your master now so I can finish the destruction of Planet 
Jurai." 

Ryoko: "No, I'm no longer your slave."

Kagato: "You're coming with me now, or I'll have to get you the hard way."

Ryoko: "No, please, not that.  Don't make me do any more bad things."

Tenchi:  "Leave her alone."  Tenchi powers up his light hawk sword.

Kagato: "How pathetic. The most powerful space pirate has a bodyguard. Ha ha."  

            Just then Kagoto put a spell on Ryoko. So she would go with him.

Kagato: "That's a good girl.  Now you're listening."

            After Ryoko came to him they vanished.

Tenchi: "No, Ryoko, bring her back."

            Immediately he commanded Ryo-ohki to go back to earth.

 

Sasami: "Lunch is ready."

Everyone: "Were coming."

            Everyone came down to lunch and sat at their usual places.

Yosho: "It's so peaceful here."

CRASH

Mihoshi: "Ahh, an earthquake, Kiyone save me."

            Everybody ran outside to see what happened.  Tenchi ran out of Ryo-
ohki and at the others.

Kiyone: "What happened, where's Ryoko." 

Tenchi: "Help, Kagato's back and he kidnapped Ryoko.  Call Ayeka, I need her 
Jurai power too.

Yosho: "Tenchi, I think you forgot, but she lost her powers because the Juraian 
law does not allow any Juraians to be gay.  So Azusa had to take away her
powers."

Tenchi: "Oh, I forgot.  Well call her anyway, we could use her as bait to 
distract Kagato.  He does want the Jurai family, doesn't he?"

Washu: "Well I guess I do have a use for my knew invention."

Kagato: "Well' I can finally continue what I was doing before I was locked away.  
Ryoko, we're going to destroy Jurai and their king once and for all.  Isn't that
right Ryoko?"

Ryoko: "Kagato, please let me go.  I don't belong to you anymore."

Kagato: "Silence, you will do what I say, or you will die and suffer the way I 
did."

Ryoko: "Tenchi, please hurry."

Kagato: don't say that name in my presences or I shall kill you." Just then he 
threw an energy beam at her and hither directly in her stomach.

Ryoko: "Ah, cough." As she coughs blood is coming up. "Kagato, you're going to 
die once and for all."

Washu: "Okay, here's what I invented.  It is a particle separator.  Whoever it 
touches dissolves in a second. You see, when it hits a body of some sort all the 
atoms
separate which cancels out the molecular structure of the that objects chemical 
make up, which therefore is like a little chemical explosion of atoms which..."

Tenchi: "Okay, I get it, but will this kill Kagato?"

Washu: "Yes, here is what you do.  You need to distract him some way because you 
have to go up to him and inject the fluid into him.

Tenchi: "Well I already have a distraction."

Ayeka: "Tenchi, so how are you and Ryoko doing."

Tenchi: "There's our bait.  Well, she has been kidnapped and I called because I 
need your help."

Ayeka: "Yes, I'll help.  Oh know, is he after Jurai?"

Tenchi: "I'm afraid so. So what are we waiting for, lets get Kagato."

            They take off in Ryo-ohki. 

Kagato: "So Ryoko, are you ready to destroy Jurai."

Ryoko: "No, I will not destroy Jurai."

Kagato: "Damn it, Ryoko, it seems your friends have come to help you.  Why don't 
I stall them for a while?"

Ryoko: Kagato don't.

            Whoosh.  A laser comes out of the Souja and is heading straight for 
Ryo-ohki.

Ryoko: "Tenchi, watch out!"

Tenchi: "Huh, did you hear that?"

Everyone: "No."

Tenchi: "Oh no, Ryo-ohki look out!"

Ryo-ohki: "Mrooooow."

            She escaped just in enough time.

Tenchi: "Look, the Souja."

Ayeka: "Lets go get Ryoko and kill Kagato once and for all."

Everyone: "Yeah."

Tenchi: "Ryo-ohki, now."

Ryo-ohki: "Mrooooow."

            Ryo-ohki smashed into the side of Souja.

Tenchi: Come on, lets go get Ryoko."

Kagato: "Well it looks like your friends got into my ship." 

Ryoko: "Tenchi is going to kill you this time Kagato."

Kagato: "Ha, you really think so."

Ryoko: "Yes, you'll see."

Kagato: "Well it seems that they're here now. Welcome to my chapel, please come 
in.

            Tenchi notices Ryoko chained up against the wall and bleeding.

Tenchi: "Ryoko, are you okay?"

Ryoko: "Yes, but don't care about me, just kill Kagato."

Tenchi: "Ayeka, you know what to do."

Ayeka: "Yes."

            Ayeka runs at Kagato.

Kagato: "Oh no you don't."

            Just then Kagato takes a shot at her.

Ayeka: "Not so fast scumbag."

            Ayeka dodged the shot barely.

Ayeka: "Hurry up Tenchi."

            Tenchi runs up and injects the liquid into Kagato."

Kagato: "You damn bastard, my death will not be in vain, hahaha."

            With his last words he shot a huge energy beam at Ryoko, which 
leaves her badly              damaged and bloody.

Tenchi: "You scumbag."

            Tenchi runs up to Ryoko and unlocks he chains.  Ryoko falls to the 
ground, and Tenchi falls down on his knees and picks up Ryoko's limp body.

Tenchi: "Ryoko why did it have to be you, I should have been the one to get hurt 
not you.

            Tenchi holds Ryoko close to his body and cries heavily.

Washu: "Hurry get her back to Earth and in my lab, she might not make it if we 
don't get her back."

Back on earth.

 

Tenchi: "Washu is there anything I can do."

Washu: "No, Tenchi can you leave for a while I need to be with Ryoko alone for a 
while," she said sternly.

Tenchi: "Alright."

Washu: "Oh, little Ryoko." She starts to cry. "I'm sorry I was never there for 
you, oh why do you have to leave me know, please hold on little Ryoko, I know 
you
can make it.  Sorry I never said I love you, I really do, but I just never had 
the courage to tell you so. Little Ryoko if you could only hear me now, but I 
love you so
much, you were my first child, and I never even gave you the love and protection 
a mother should have.  No, I have to get locked up by that bastard Kagato, but I
sensed the horrible things he made you do and it hurt me." She embraces Ryoko 
and cries.

            Beeeeeeeep.

Washu: "Oh know, Ryoko hold on you can't die, please don't leave me, think of 
Tenchi and the life you could be living with him."

 

Meanwhile in the living room.

 

Ayeka: "I hope Ryoko will be fine."

Tenchi: "She should be, she's with Washu.

            Two hours later. 

            Washu comes out of her lab.

Tenchi: "Washu is Ryoko ok?"

            Washu looks up with water logged eyes.

Washu: "Tenchi, I'm afraid I couldn't save her."

            Washu collapses on the ground and cries.

Washu: "Why couldn't I save her, I'm not a genius, I couldn't even save my own 
daughter."

            Tenchi runs to the lab.

Tenchi: "Ryoko, why did you have to die, we had our whole lives ahead of us."

            Tenchi leans down and kisses Ryoko on the lips.

            Suddenly, beep, beep, beep.

Tenchi: "Oh my God, Washu come in here quick."

Washu: What's wrong?  Oh my God, she's alive, how did this happen?"

Tenchi: "I just kissed her and then it happened, her gems started to glow, and 
then it happened the light hawk wings appeared, but there were two sets, one 
were
mine and one were a blackish-red.  Who do the other ones belonged too.  I also 
noticed that Ryoko had three dots on her forehead.  And now she is alive again."

            Ryoko wakes up.

Ryoko: Wh.where am I?  Oh, Te. Tenchi it's you, where's Kagato?"

Tenchi: "I killed him."

Ryoko: "Oh, That's good."

            After her words she passed out again.

Tenchi: "Washu, is it okay if I take her up to my room?"

Washu: "Go ahead."

            With that Tenchi picked up Ryoko and walked out of the lab and up to 
his room.               Tenchi opened up his door and placed Ryoko in his bed.  
Tenchi
got changed and got out a futon and laid it on the floor and sat in it.  

Tenchi: "I have a woman in my room and I wont even lay next to her, any guy 
would die to be in my place."

Ryoko: "Tenchi, why don't you come up here it's more comfortable.  I don't 
bite."

            Tenchi hesitantly moved to the bed.  Ryoko grabbed Tenchi by the 
neck and pulled him into a deep kiss.

Ryoko: "I love you Tenchi."

Tenchi: "I love you too."

(Well I think you all know what happens next.)

________________________________________________________________________

 

So ends the second chapter, so please send me your comments at 
lita_sailorjupiter_14@yahoo.com.  And for my next chapter there will be a new 
arrival.

Stay tuned for The New Arrival.
