Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo and
or the Characters. I do not wish to be held
responsible for anything illegal, for this is a fan
fic and I have seen others do it and figured it was
safe. I am not in any way work related to Pioneer or
any other anime company so do not purchase, sell, or
anything of the sort. Thank you!

Love Scurries Part 1


        It was about a week after the incident with
Karumitsu. Ayeka sat in her room reading one of her
romance novels called Winds of Promise. She sat the
book down and got up from her bed. She walked to her
mirror and looked at her reflection.
        “Why can’t I have a relation ship like that?” she
asked her reflection, but it didn’t reply. She sighed
and walked to her door and left the room. She slowly
walked down the hall and to the stair case. She
descended the stairs one by one and soon was on the
main floor of the house.
        She looked into the living room where Tenchi and
Ryoko where sitting on the couch. They both looked
like they where half asleep in each others arms.
Tenchi’s left arm was wrapped up in a bandage do to
his injury from when he fought Karumitsu. He also had
some other small band-aids and taped gauze to his
other small wounds that where already almost healed.
        Ayeka walked past the living room and into the
kitchen where Sasami was hustling about preparing
breakfast. Ayeka smiled at the little princess and
greeted her. “Good morning Sasami.” Sasami turned
around from her position at the sink and smiled back.
“Morning, Sister.” She then turned around and
proceeded to make breakfast.
        Ayeka took a seat on a stool at the island counter
and rested her elbows on it. She placed her chin in
the palms of her hands and yawned. “Did you have a
good nights sleep?” Sasami asked as she placed some
bacon in the frying pan. Ayeka shook her head. “Not
really.” she said in a sort of sadden tone.
        Sasami knew exactly why too. She knew that Ayeka
still wasn’t over the fact that Tenchi chose Ryoko
over her. “Maybe we can go out and shop later.” Sasami
suggested. Sasami wasn’t about to have her older
sister sit around in her room all day again. “Sounds
like a good idea.” Ayeka admitted.
        Sasami was relieved to hear Ayeka say that. She was
afraid that her sister was going to say that she
wanted to be alone all day again. The little princess
sighed quietly and continued to make breakfast.
        Tenchi walked into kitchen the and went over to the
fridge. Ayeka looked over at him and a small tear
began to sting in her right eye. It hurt her to look
at him. He grabbed a bottle of water and started back
for the living room. “Breakfast should be ready soon,
Tenchi.” Sasami said as she flipped a pancake over to
it’s other side. Tenchi looked over to Sasami and
smiled. “Alright.” he said as he left the kitchen.
        Tenchi walked back over to the couch where Ryoko was
starting to doze off. He opened the bottle up and took
a swig of the water inside it. He sat down beside
Ryoko and placed the water bottle on the table. Ryoko
immediately nuzzled up to Tenchi as soon as he sat
down.
        He kissed her on the forehead. “Didn’t you sleep at
all last night?” he asked her. She shook her head. “I
just couldn’t get to sleep.” she said with a yawn. He
put an arm around her. “Well breakfast should be ready
soon.” he told her. She only sighed as she began to
doze off again.
        Washu came out of her lab and looked around the
living room. “Has any one seen Ayeka?” she asked as
she approached the couple on the couch. Tenchi looked
up to Washu. “She’s in the kitchen.” he answered.
Washu waved her hand to say ‘Thanks’ and walked for
the kitchen.
        She spotted Ayeka at the island counter and walked up
to her. “Ayeka I got a transmission for you from
Jurai.” Washu said as she prodded Ayeka in the
shoulder. The princess was now fully awake when Washu
brought her back to the waking world. “You did?” she
asked with another yawn.
        “Come with me to my lab. I put them on hold, if you
will.” Washu said as she walked towards the kitchen
door. Ayeka got up from the stool and slowly followed
Washu to the lab’s entrance. “We will be back.” Washu
informed Tenchi as she and Ayeka went into the lab.
        Tenchi gave Washu a wave and picked up the remote. He
didn’t hear what Washu said. He flipped through the
first 50 of the 100 channels they got on their
satellite dish. He saw the movie The Frighteners
appear on the screen and set the remote down on the
arm of the couch.

        Meanwhile in Washu’s lab Ayeka was talking to a
Juraian knight on a large view screen. “What do you
mean I have to talk to the representative of the
planet Concord?” she asked impatiently. The knight
began to get nervous at Ayeka’s tone of voice.
“W-well, they w-want to make a new alliance with
another planet under our name.” the knight stuttered.
        Ayeka sighed in annoyance. “When do they want to
meat?” Ayeka asked finally. She really didn’t want to
go out into space for a conference of alliance with
some planet she never heard of. “They said as soon as
possible ma’am.” answered the knight. “I’ll be on
Jurai in one week.” she said and then turned away from
the screen and started back to the house. She heard
the knight say, “Yes ma’am!” and the view screen
disappeared.
        ‘Sasami isn’t going to like this.’ Ayeka thought as
she reached the door. Once she opened it up she saw
that the family where just sitting down for breakfast.
“Well what does Jurai’s council want?” Ryoko asked as
she grabbed a large stack of pancakes and plopped them
down on her plate.
        Ayeka sighed. “I have to go to Jurai for an alliance
conference.” she answered as she sat down at the
table. Sasami got exited at the sound of that. “Oh,
can I go?” she asked Ayeka in a pleading tone. Ayeka
looked at her sister with a look of surprise.
        “I don’t know Sasami. Your still young and the family
needs you here.” Ayeka said as she stabbed her fork
into a pancake. She placed it on her plate and went
for the syrup bottle. Sasami gave Ayeka a small pouty
kind of face. “Oh come one! I want to see what goes on
in these meetings.” she protested.
        Ryoko looked up at Ayeka and gave her a small grin.
“Let her go, I’ll take care of things here.” she said
trying to help her little friend out. Ayeka looked at
Ryoko and raised an eyebrow. “That’s exactly what I’m
afraid of.” she said. Ryoko just gave a Ayeka an icy
glare.
        Tenchi swallowed a large chunk of pancake and looked
to Ayeka. “Go ahead, take Sasami. We’ll be fine.” he
said right before he shoved another piece of pancake
into his mouth. Sasami nodded. “Yeah, they’ll be fine.
Come on Ayeka, let me go. I have to learn this stuff
sooner or later.” Sasami added. Ayeka sighed and
nodded. “I guess your right, Sasami.” she said as she
rubbed some butter onto her pancakes. Sasami could
have leaped for joy if it wasn’t for the table being
in her way. “Oh thank you Ayeka!” Sasami said in her
exited manner.

        It was about Noon and Ryoko was sitting out on the
small porch just outside of Tenchi’s and her room. The
cool summer breeze flowed through her hair and on the
back of her neck. She closed her eyes allowing her
senses to take over as she enjoyed the day.
        Tenchi entered their room and spotted Ryoko sitting
on the rail of the porch. Ever since the Karumitsu
thing Tenchi decided to dub his room his and Ryoko’s.
He walked over to his love on the porch. He leaned on
the rail and looked out to the lake. “Good weather for
a walk, don’t you think?” he asked Ryoko.
        She smiled at the sound of his voice and opened her
eyes. She looked to her left where he was and nodded.
He climbed up onto the rail and settled down by Ryoko.
He put his right arm around her waist and continued to
look out at the lake. She rested her head on his
shoulder and sighed.
        “I have to go do some shopping later.” he said
breaking the silence. Ryoko didn’t reply for she was
enjoying the cool breeze so much that she started to
doze off again. He nudged her and brought her back to
reality. “Why don’t you take a nap while I’m out.” he
suggested. She yawned loudly. “Sounds like a good
idea.” she said.
        She got off of the rail and headed for the bed. He
too hopped off of the rail and followed her from
behind. She turned to face him and planted a kiss on
his cheek. “Love you.” She said. He smiled and leaned
over and kissed her back full on the lips. After 30
seconds he broke away from her. “Love you too.” he
answered back.
        She turned around and crawled into bed and pulled the
covers over her. He just smiled at her and walked
towards the door. He exited the room and closed the
door behind him. He walked down the first flight of
steps to see Ayeka at the top of the second flight.
She had her arms full of luggage.
        “Do you need help?” he asked her as he walked up to
her. Ayeka jumped at the sound of his voice and
dropped her suit cases and the crashed to the floor
with a loud thud. “What was that?” Tenchi heard Ryoko
from their room. He turned to the direction of the
voice. “Ayeka just dropped her things.” Tenchi
answered.
        Ayeka knelt over and began to pick up her things and
stood up again. Tenchi grabbed one of her suit cases.
“Let me help.” he insisted. Ayeka just huffed and
began down the stairs. He followed her and once they
reached the door he sat her suit case down.
        She opened the door and headed towards Yagami. Tenchi
just sighed and walked over to the table in front of
the couch. He grabbed his wallet and car keys. He
opened his wallet and looked inside to see $100.00 a
credit card that his dad gave him and his drivers
license.
        He stuffed the wallet in his back pocket and hustled
over to the door. Ayeka was walking back to the house
from Yagami and saw Tenchi walking to his car. “Where
are you going, Lord Tenchi?” she asked in curiosity.
He looked up to her and said, “I’m going shopping, I
should be home soon.” He inserted the key into the
door’s lock and turned it to the right. He opened the
door and got into the car. She saw him adjust his seat
and mirrors. He put his seat belt on and started the
car. He back out of the drive way and out of her view.
        “I wonderer where he’s going.” she said to herself.
She shrugged it off and walked back to the house for
more of her things. Her trip would be less then a
month maybe a little bit more so she figured she would
just gather all of her belongings.
        Sasami rushed out of the house with some luggage of
her own and hustled over to the Yagami. Ayeka saw the
exited smile on the little princess’ face. She smiled
herself and walked into the house. She grabbed the
other stuff at the door and went back for Yagami.

        It was about an hour later when Tenchi found himself
in the finest jewelry store in all of Okeyama. He
looked in one of the show cases that was labeled
“Wedding Bands”.
A rather tall man about 5’9 walked over to Tenchi’s
side and looked into the showcase also.
        He was dressed in a fine business suit. “Can I help
you out with something?” he asked. Tenchi nodded and
pointed at a ring. The ring’s features where very
lovely looking and Tenchi thought that Ryoko would
love it. The ring’s band looked to be gold and it was
topped with a diamond shaped diamond.
        The man pulled out a key from his pocket and opened
up the showcase. Tenchi grabbed the ring and looked at
the price tag. The tag read 18k. gold and the diamond
itself was 20k. He looked at the price and it read
$1,599.98. He whistled in astonishment.
        “Yes, it is a pricey wedding band. Actually it is one
of the most expensive one we have.” the man replied.
Tenchi looked the ring over again. He wanted to get it
for Ryoko but he didn’t even have enough for it. “If I
where to make payments on this, how much would it be a
month?” Tenchi asked.
        The man thought about this for a minute. “Well....
Close to $133 a month.” He finally answered. ’That’s
an awful lot money.’ Tenchi thought. Then he
remembered that he had $100.00 in his wallet. “If I
made a down payment of $100 on it how much would it be
then?” he asked.
        The man once again stopped to think. “I’d say about
$125.00 a month.” he finally answered. Tenchi really
wanted to get this ring for Ryoko so he decided to do
it. “I’ll do that.” he said. The man smiled as he led
the way to the cash register.
        He brought out a small violet velvet ring box for
Tenchi to put the ring in. First Tenchi took the price
tag off then took the box and opened it up and placed
the ring inside. The man also gave Tenchi some papers
to read and sign. Tenchi thumbed through them. It
basically said that he was responsible for making his
monthly payments and so on and so forth. Tenchi
grabbed a pen from the counter and signed it.
        The man took the papers and looked them over real
quick. “I’ll need your drivers license.” he said as he
put the papers under the counter. Tenchi dug his
wallet out from his back pocket and took his drivers
license out of it. The man looked it over and smiled.
        “So, that will be $100.00 then.” he said as he handed
Tenchi the id card. Tenchi took it and stuffed it in
his wallet and pulled out the $100.00 from the money
pocket. He handed it over to the man and he placed the
money in the cash register.


        After Tenchi got home and Ryoko woke up from her two
hour nap they all gathered outside by the lake. Ayeka
and Sasami said their good byes to the others as did
the others to them.
        Ayeka looked to Tenchi and Ryoko. “You two take care
of each other.” she said. In all honesty she wanted
them to stay together and be happy. This was the first
time she had truly excepted their relation ship.
        Tenchi smiled and said, “We will.” Ayeka nodded and
turned towards the ship. She walked away and
disappeared into the bawls of the ship. Sasami waved
to every one as she followed her sister.
        Tenchi, Ryoko, Ryo-ohki, Nubuyuki and Yosho watched
the ship take off. Then they all went back to their
own thing. Tenchi and Ryoko went for a walk around the
lake. The walk was done mostly in silence, but they
did say something every now and again.
        Tenchi put his hand in his pocket and felt the small
ring box. His heart skipped a beat as he thought of
asking Ryoko the big question. “So, Tenchi,” Ryoko
said. “What do you think out future holds?” she
continued. He smiled and pulled his hand out of his
pocket. He put his arm around her waist.
        “Well, I don’t know.” he said. “What do you think our
future holds?” he asked.
She blushed a bit. What she wanted was to marry Tenchi
and have children with him. “I want to raise a family
with you.” she answered. He blushed also but regained
his composer seconds later.
        He too wanted to raise a family with her. But the
thing was he didn’t quite know how to ask Ryoko to
marry him. Every time the thought popped into his head
he got nervous and couldn’t remember what he was going
to say.

        “We’ll be arriving at Jurai in one week. Until then
just relax and enjoy your flight.” Mihoshi said
cheerfully into the intercom’s microphone. Kiyone
sighed. “What do you think this is? A commercial
flight?” she asked with a hint of annoyance in her
voice.
Mihoshi blinked a couple of times and shrugged. “I
thought it would help relax Ayeka and Sasami.” she
answered. Kiyone shook her head at the bubble head and
sighed.

        Ayeka placed various objects around her room. She
placed a family photo on her night stand. She smiled
at it. She went over to the dresser at the far right
of her room and began to place her clothes in it’s
drawers.
        After she was done with that she walked to her door.
She opened the door to find Sasami hand raised and
ready to knock. “Yes, Sasami? What is it?” Ayeka
asked. Sasami let her arm fall loose at her side.
“Well, I was wondering what to where at the
conference.” she said.
        Ayeka left her room and closed the door. She motioned
for Sasami to follow her. “Well, usually you would
wear your formal kamono.” Ayeka answered as she made
her way down the hall. “Oh. then it’s a good thing I
brought mine.” Sasami said with a sigh of relief.
        Ayeka smiled and entered the dinning area of the
ship. She walked over to a food replicater and punched
in a command. A beef dinner appeared out of no where
and Ayeka grabbed the plate. She took a seat at the
table and began to eat her meal. (Yes I know, sounds
like something from Star Trek O.o; I used to be a
major Treky you know....)
        Sasami also punched in a few commands and a large Ice
Cream Sunday appeared. She took a seat next to Ayeka
and began to dig into her ice cream treat. Ayeka
raised an eyebrow at her sister’s unusual dinner. “You
know that isn’t that good of a dinner.” Ayeka said.
Sasami looked to her sister and gave her the Xelloss
smile. “I know.” ^_^
was her reply. Ayeka just chuckled.

        Later that evening Ayeka was lying down in her bed
reading her romance novel. She hadn’t put the book
down in at least an hour. She had almost finished the
book. She sighed to herself as she set the book aside.
“They are so cute together.” she said to no one in
particular.
        She looked over to her clock witch read 10:30 Pm.
(Earth time obviously)
She got up from her bed and walked over to a lamp on
her dresser and turned it off. The darkness filled up
the room. She sat there allowing her eyes to adjust to
the sudden darkness.
        She fumbled over to her bed and moved the covers
down. She got into the bed and pulled the covers over
herself. She sighed and stared up at the ceiling. The
steady noise of the Yagami’s engine filled her room.
She began to drift off into sleep.

        Ryoko and Tenchi sat on the couch and watched the TV.
They had been sitting their for more than two hours
not saying a word. Ryoko nuzzled up against Tenchi and
rested her head on his right shoulder. She closed her
eyes and just listened to the TV.
        Tenchi looked down at her. He ran his finger tips
through her bangs. She shifted a bit at his touch. She
put her arm around his front and settled down again.
Tenchi looked back up to the TV. He grabbed the remote
from the arm of the couch and hit the info button.
        Along with the name and short guide of the show was
the time. “A quarter to eleven already?” he said
aloud. He sighed and nudged Ryoko a bit. She groaned
in return. “It’s tome to go to bed.” he said to her
quietly.
        She wouldn’t move nor reply. He simply sighed and
broke out of her grip. She lied down on her back and
yawned not bothering to wake up. He placed his arms
under her and picked her up.
        She put her arms around his neck in her subconscious
state. He began for the stairs. To him she seemed very
light weight. But maybe that was because of his
strength from the ’War Zone” training he had.
        He made his way up the stairs and to their room. He
kicked the door open and walked into the room. He made
his way to the bed where he lied Ryoko down at. He put
the blanket over her and went for the living room. He
scaled down the stairs and into the living room.
        He turned the TV off and then the lights. He went
back up the stairs and into his room. He closed the
door as quietly as he could with out waking up his
love. He crept over to the bed. He removed his shirt
and pants. He was now just wearing his boxers and
climbed into bed. He pulled the blankets over himself.
        He rolled over and planted a kiss on Ryoko’s
forehead. “Night, love.” he said quietly. He sighed an
rolled onto his back. He closed his eyes and began to
fall asleep.
His last thought before he did fall asleep was asking
Ryoko to marry him. He wanted to wait for the right
time to ask. With that thought in mind he drifted off
into slumber land.

        One week past and Yagami started it’s touch down on a
landing pad just outside of the palace. “We have
successfully landed on planet Jurai.” Mihoshi
announced over the intercom. Ayeka’s things she had
packed up an hour ago teleported away from the ship
and into her old room. Sasami’s stuff did the same.
        Ayeka met up with Mihoshi and Kiyone on the bridge
and Sasami joined them soon after. “Well, this is
where we depart.” Kiyone said. Ayeka smiled warmly at
Kiyone and bowed to her in a formal Juraian manner.
“Than you for your help, Miss Kiyone.”
        Kiyone just waved her hand around. “Now prob’.” she
said. Sasami also said her thanks and they where
teleported to the surface of Jurai. Ayeka looked
around the familiar
scenery of her home planet. “Wow, nothing has seems to
have changed huh Ayeka.” Sasami said.
        Ayeka nodded in agreement. She then stood up straight
in all of her brilliancy.
“Come Sasami. We shall pay a visit to the council.”
Ayeka said as she moved towards palace. Sasami
followed her trying to copy Ayeka’s poster.

        “We have successfully dropped Ayeka off at Jurai.”
Kiyone told Washu.
Washu nodded. “So what are you and Mihoshi going to do
until you have to come home?” Washu asked as she
crossed her arms.
        Kiyone had a look of concentration on her face. “I
don’t know. I guess take a small vacation.” she
answered. Washu chuckled a bit. “I guess you guys
deserve it.” Washu said thoughtfully. Kiyone looked to
Mihoshi who was more then content with a piece of
paper that said ’Turn over please’ on both sides. “I
think I need a vacation from her.” Kiyone motioned to
Mihoshi.
        Washu began to laugh her head off at the bubble
headed GP. Mihoshi shoved her face up to the monitor.
“What’s so funny?” she bellowed into the monitor in a
cheerful mood. This caused Washu to fall over onto her
rear. “Oops. O.o;” was Mihoshi’s reply to this.
        Kiyone pushed Mihoshi out of the way. “Washu, are you
alright?” Kiyone asked as she looked down to the mad
scientist. Washu slowly got and brushed the dust off
of herself. “Yeah, I’m just peachy.” she said in a
sarcastic manner.
        Kiyone grabbed Mihoshi by the collar. “Why is it that
you always have to be such an idiot?!” Kiyone demanded
as she shook the blond around. Mihoshi started to get
a bit dizzy from this. “I didn’t mean to.” she said.
        “Arrrgghhh!” Kiyone dropped Mihoshi. She landed on
her feat and toppled onto her knees. Kiyone was about
ready to kick Mihoshi when Washu spook up. “That’s
quite alright. No need to hurt people over spilled
milk.” she remarked. Kiyone stormed out of the room
and left Washu with Mihoshi on the view screen.
        They stared at each other for a long time. Washu
rolled her eyes. “Gotta go.” and with that she closed
her side of the view screen. Washu shuddered. She
couldn’t stand the way Mihoshi stared at her like a
lost puppy dog. She turned away and went to work on
one of her inventions.

        Ryoko was laying on the roof thinking about things.
Tenchi climbed up the ladder from the porch and looked
around. He spotted Ryoko instantly and smiled. “So
this is where you been.” He said. He got on the roof
and walked over to Ryoko’s left side and sat down.
        Ryoko sighed. “Tenchi, when are we going to plan out
our future?” He leaned back and looked up to the sky.
“Soon.” was all he said. Ryoko didn’t really like that
answer.
        “The reason I came up here was to see if you wanted
to go out to dinner.” Tenchi said breaking Ryoko’s
train of thought. “Maybe we can do something else
aster that.” Tenchi continued. A knowing smile grow on
Ryoko’s face.
        She looked up to Tenchi. She pinned him down onto his
back. She lied on her left side now but was at an
angle so she was face to face with Tenchi. “Oh, you
knotty man.” she said playfully. Tenchi turned redder
than a tomato. Ryoko just chuckled.
        “I’d love to go to dinner with you.” she said. She
leaned over a bit and kissed him full on the lips. He
reacted by putting his right hand behind her neck.
Things might have gone a step further until... “Hey,
Tenchi!” came Nubuyuki’s voice.
        Ryoko and Tenchi broke apart from the kiss and looked
down to see Nubuyuki smiling and waving. “Yo, Tenchi!
Your not doing things your not supposed to up there,
are you?” he continued with a chuckle. Tenchi sighed
heavily. “Dad! Leave me alone!” he shouted back. Ryoko
blinked several times and turned red in the face.

        Ayeka entered the conference hall with Sasami close
behind her. It wasn’t time for the meeting itself but
the representative wanted to meet Ayeka. She looked
around the room and spotted a man looking out a side
window that showed him most of the beauty of Jurai.
        Ayeka coughed to get his attention. “Excuse me, you
wanted to meet me?” she said. Sasami took a seat at
the large oval shaped table. The man turned around to
face the princess. “Yes I did.” he answered. His voice
was soft and gentle.
        She looked him over. He looked like he was about her
age, maybe a year or two older. He had short sandy
brown hair and his eyes looked as soft as his voice
sounded. They where a greenish colour and she was
captivated by them. He stood at about 5’6 and was
dressed in the finest Juraian kamono.
        He raised an eyebrow. “Hello? Are you alright?” he
asked looking at her with a look of concern. Sasami
smile widened as she realized what was wrong. She knew
that look to well. It was the same look she used to
get when she was around Tenchi. She giggled at this.
        Ayeka snapped back to reality by the giggle Sasami
made. She shook her head a bit. “Yes, I’m fine. Just a
little tired.” she said finally. That was a small
white lie but she couldn’t help her actions.
        He gave a sigh of relief. “For a minute there I
thought that you where going to keel over on me.” She
just chuckled. “Not in this life time I assure you.”
she said good naturally.
        He hit himself lightly on the forehead. “Oh, how rude
of me. I didn’t even tell my name.” he said. He bowed
for her and said, “My name is Hiroshi Negishi.” She
smiled at him. “I am the first crown princess of
Jurai, Ayeka.” she said formally.
        “Yes, I know who you are, Highness.” he said with a
chuckle. She looked a bit shock at the title
’Highness’. She hasn’t heard that in forever and she
didn’t really care to hear it any more either. “You
can call me Ayeka.” she said lightly.
        “Excuse me if this sounds to forward to you, Miss
Ayeka, but I wonder, would you have dinner with me
tonight?” he asked her politely. She blinked a couple
of times and blushed lightly. She regained her
composer and said, “I would be honored.”
        He bowed to her again. “I’ll meet you here at dinner
time then.” he said. Then he turned around and left
the room. Sasami jumped out of her chair and over to
Ayeka. “You like him don’t you?” Sasami said
teasingly. Ayeka blushed. “No, we just met. He just
looks like a nice man.” Ayeka said as she exited the
room.

        It was 6:30 Pm and Ryoko was getting dressed for the
dinner with Tenchi. She wore a red dress that fell
loosely around her ankles. She put on a light shade of
pink lipstick. She gave herself a winning smile in the
mirror.
        Tenchi was also getting ready in the bathroom. He put
a green collared shirt on. He also had a pair of black
slacks. His shirt was nicely tucked into his pants. He
was shaving now.
        While he got ready for his dinner with Ryoko he tried
to think of a way to ask her the big question. He
rinsed some of the shaving cream off of his razor and
looked at the ring box. Well he could always wing it.
When ever did that around Ryoko the results came out
good.
        He finished shaving and wiped his face off for any
extra shaving cream. He grabbed the ring box and
stuffed it in his pant pocket. He exited the bathroom.
He made his way to their room and knocked on the door.

        “Ryoko, you almost ready in there?” He heard her
hustle about on the other side of the door. “I’ll be
right there!” She hollered out after a large crashing
sound. “Is everything alright in there?” Tenchi asked.
He heard another thud. “Yea, I’m just trying to find
my shoes!” he heard her say.
        He chuckled. “I’ll be in the living room.” he told
her. He walked down the hall and to the stair case
where he scaled the stairs rather quickly. He found
himself on the main floor in a matter of seconds.
        He weaved his way around the couch and flopped down
onto it. He leaned over and grabbed the remote and
turned the TV on. He didn’t want to rush Ryoko around
so he would let her take her time.
        Ryoko strolled down the stairs and stopped at the
last step. “I’m ready.” she said.
He turned his head and looked over his shoulder. He
couldn’t get a good look at her and so he turned the
TV off and stood up from the couch.
        He turned to face her. He looked her over as he
walked over to her. She looked absolutely beautiful to
him. Once he reached her he out his arms around her
waist. “You look magnificent.” She grabbed his
forearms gently. He rested his forehead on hers and
smiled.
        She kissed him once and smiled back. “We better get
going.” he said breaking the silence after a few
seconds. She nodded and he released her and grabbed
his jacket. She too grabbed a nice looking jacket and
they left the house.

        Back on Jurai Ayeka stepped into the conference where
she spotted Hiroshi. He was sitting in one of the
chairs. He was still in his Juraian outfit that the
council had let him use.
        He looked up at the princess. She was also still
wearing the same outfit from earlier in the day. It
was one of her formal wear and thought it would be
good for the dinner. “Good evening, Ayeka.” he greeted
as he got out of his seat.
        He walked up to her and held his arm out for her to
take. “Shall we?” She looped her arm around his and
they where off. He led them down a series of
corridors. They soon found themselves at one of the
restaurants that the palace had provided.
        He led her to an empty table. He pulled her seat out
and as she sat in it pushed it back in so that she was
properly seated. Next he sat himself down and waved a
waiter to their table. “Menus, please.” he said with a
warm smile. The waiter gave a small bow. “Right away
sir.”
        Hiroshi looked to Ayeka and continued to smile. “I
kind of thought a nice dinner and a conversation would
help us to get to know each other.” he admitted with a
chuckle. She just smiled back. She seemed to be
hypnotized at his good manners and charm. It was as
though she started to fall for him.
        ‘You only met him two times!’ she told herself. Yet
some how she just couldn’t help but like him. “So, how
long do you plan to stay on Jurai?” he asked her. She
blinked a couple of times. “I don’t know. Depends on
how long this alliance conference takes.” she
answered.
        The waiter came back with two menus and sat them on
the middle of the table. “Can I get you two anything
else?” he asked. “I’m fine for now.” Hiroshi then
looked to Ayeka. She thought for a moment. “Some tea
please.” He bowed again and turned away.
        Hiroshi opened up his menu and looked inside. Ayeka
Watched him in content. She still couldn’t help but
get hypnotized by his every gentle move and by the
sound of his voice. Maybe Sasami was right. Maybe she
was falling for him.
        “What would you recommend?” Hiroshi asked as he
turned the page in the menu. Ayeka opened up her menu
to look inside. The menu had changed since she was
last at this restaurant. “I don’t know, things changed
since I was last here.” she replied while shifting
through the pages.
        Hiroshi looked through the dinner selections. “Looks
like they have Steak.” he said. Most people across the
galaxy knew that meal well. They learned of it from
the planet earth from 100 years ago. Ayeka nodded.
“Sounds good. Sasami hasn’t made that in a long time.”

        Once they took their orders they began to converse
with one another. They seemed to have become quick
friends. By every minute Ayeka seemed to have liked
him more and more. She began to feel like her old
self. She hadn’t been able to do that since she
learned of Tenchi’s and Ryoko’s relation ship.

        Tenchi and Ryoko entered a restaurant called Jake’s.
Despite the name of the restaurant it was a very nice
place. There was a small orchestra type group playing
some nice music. They stood about a foot away from the
entrance/exit near a sign that said “Please wait to be
seated”.
        A young woman, perhaps in her early 20’s walked up to
them. “A seat for two?” she asked them. Tenchi smiled
back. “Yes, thank you.” he answered. The waitress took
two menus from the register counter and began to lead
them to a table.
        Ryoko looped her left arm around Tenchi’s right arm
and walked along side of him closely. “Is this ok?”
the waitress asked. Tenchi nodded and the lady sat the
menus on the table. “Your waiter should be with you
shortly.” she said before she turned and left.
        Tenchi helped Ryoko into her chair before he sat
down. Ryoko took a menu and opened it up. Tenchi
looked around the restaurant to get a better look of
it. The lighting was a bit dim to make it seem like a
more romantic sort of theme. The music could be heard
all around the restaurant also. In various areas on
the walls where paintings done by famous artists from
through out the centuries.
        “Hey, they have breaded shrimp with rice here.” Ryoko
said as she placed her menu to look at him. He hadn’t
even picked his menu up yet. She looked at him with
some concern. “Tenchi, is everything alright?”
        He snapped back to reality at the sound of her voice.
“Yeah. I was just looking around the place.” he
answered. he smiled and looked around herself. “Yes,
this place is nice and romantic.” she said in
agreement.
        She prodded him on his left wrist. “You better look
for something to eat dear.” she said. She then resumed
her search through the menu. He picked the menu up and
began to skim through the choices. He could hardly
read the words. He was getting nervous about what he
was going to ask Ryoko.
        He saw Fajitas as one of the selections. He thought
about it and looked at the price. $7.50 was the price.
That wasn’t that bad of a price for a place like this.
He closed up the menu and set it down. “I’m going with
the fajitas.” he said quietly.
        She too closed her menu and sat it down. “I think
I’ll go for the shrimp.” He smiled at her lovingly.
“Did you want to get something to drink?” he asked
her. Since they could pass for the legal drinking age
he thought he could get them some shampayne.
After all they where 20 years old and Ryoko liked to
drink anyway.
        She thought about it for a moment. She really didn’t
know what she wanted. She smiled at Tenchi. She was
going to let him decide. “What do you want, my love?”
He fumbled around with the menu again looking for
shampayne prices. they only ran to $20.00 a bottle.
        He looked away from the menu and to Ryoko. “I thought
we could get some shampayne.” he said. Ryoko could
have fallen over in shock but held it back. ‘Did
Tenchi just say shampayne?’ Ryoko thought to herself.
She thought the day he would have an alcoholic drink
was when hell froze over.
        She looked at him seriously. “Sure, sounds good.” she
said. She also tried to hold in the laughter that was
swelling from inside of her. He smiled at her. He knew
that she wanted to laugh just by the expression on her
face.

        After their dinners had arrived they hadn’t spoke
much. Ayeka didn’t know what else to say to Hiroshi.
She was getting so comfortable around the man. It was
almost like being in love with Tenchi all over again.
She wondered if this was fates idea of the perfect man
for her.
        Hiroshi noticed that Ayeka was starring off into
space. He waved his hand in front of her face.
Nothing. He then snapped his fingers a couple of
times. Still nothing. “Hey, Ayeka. Are you alright?”
This time she came back to life.
        She shook her head slightly and blinked a couple of
times. “Yes, I’m fine.” she said with a small smile.
She was turning a light shade of red. Hiroshi noticed.
“Are you sure? Your kind of turning a bit red in the
face.” He placed his hand on her forehead to check for
a temperature.
        This caused the princess to turn completely red.
Hiroshi sat back not noticing her blushing. He placed
his right hand under his chin in thought. “Hmmm.
Wonder what it is.” he said quietly.
        The princess knew exactly what was wrong. She was
falling for this man she had met this morning. She
placed her left hand on her cheek in a modest way.
“It’s nothing. I think I’m just getting a small cold.”
she lied. Most of the redness had disappeared but who
knew when it would come back to haunt her.
        Hiroshi sighed in relief. “Oh good. I thought you got
something really bad.” he admitted. She giggled.
Hiroshi was a bright and charming man, yet he had an
innocent side. The sort of innocents a small school
boy had. She found it very cute.
        She continued to eat her meal in silence. He did the
same, but she noticed that he kept taking small
glimpses at her. She couldn’t figure out why. She
shrugged it off. She enjoyed his company. She just
hoped that she wasn’t falling for a man that was
already taken by another woman.

        It was an hour after dinner now. Tenchi and Ryoko
where walking around the lake in front of the Masaki
home. They where clearly way on the other side. This
was far enough from prying ears, Tenchi thought.
        He stopped Ryoko and turned her to face him. She just
gave a small shocked expression at him. “What is it
Tenchi?” she asked in her curious manner. He fumbled
around for the right words.
        “Ryoko, I know that you want to talk about our future
together,” he begun. He dug the ring box out of his
pocket and gently gave it to Ryoko. He then knelt to
his knee taking her free hand in both of his. “Let me
start by asking you,” he paused for a moment. “Would
you marry me, Ryoko Hakubi?” he finally asked.
        Ryoko looked at the ring box then to Tenchi. Tears
began to swell in her eyes. This is what she had been
waiting for, for so long. She fell to her knees and
grabbed Tenchi into a tight hug. “Yes.” she sobbed
into his right ear.
        He smiled and returned the embrace. She just said
yes! This was the best night he had ever had. “Well,
take a look at it.” He said breaking the silence. She
let go of him. She sat there in front of him opening
the small velvety box.
        Inside was the engagement ring that Tenchi had
bought. Once again the tears started to role down her
cheeks. He gently rubbed them away with his thumb.
“It’s beautiful.” she said almost in a whisper.
        His heart seemed to be pounding hard in his chest. He
had asked her the question but the shock of her saying
yes had not quite worn off. He smiled at her lovingly
though. He took the ring out of the box and gently
placed the ring on Ryoko’s ring finger.
        The space pirate couldn’t help but let the tears role
down her cheeks. She too was still shocked at what
just happened. She was engaged to Tenchi. He meant
everything to her. She looked into his brown eyes.
They where so deep and soft. She wrapped her arms
around his neck. She kissed him full on the lips.

        Ayeka walked down the palace halls with Hiroshi
quietly. They both haven’t said a word since dinner.
Soon they reached the door to Ayeka’s room. “Well, I
had a wonderful time with you, Ayeka.” Hiroshi said
with a smile. “And I you.” she said with an equal
smile.
        She opened the door to her room. “I hope we can get
together again.” Hiroshi said to Ayeka. This had to be
a sign that he was a free man. But she wasn’t going to
say anything just yet. “Me too.” was all she said.
        He gave her a polite bow. She gave him a small
Japanese style bow back. “I shall see you at the
meeting in the morning.” she said. She turned around
and walked into her room. The door closed behind her
quietly.
        He started off for his room. Ayeka was a remarkable
woman, he thought. So educate and beautiful. He would
love to be around her more. But he didn’t know if she
wanted to be around him. She didn’t say much about her
personal life, except that she now lives on Earth with
Tenchi and these other woman. What if Tenchi was her
man, he thought.
        He reached his room about a minute later. He opened
the door and walked inside. The room was large. It was
so large you could fit at least three families of 4 in
it and still have some room for furniture. The bed
itself sat in the middle of the room. It was large
enough to fit 3 people in it. There where chairs and a
couple of couches scattered over the room. The
lighting itself seemed a bit dim but he had control
over that.
        He walked over to the nearest couch which was 30
paces from the door and another 15 paces to the right.
He flopped down on it and sighed. He looked up at the
ceiling. It seemed as though it was 17 feet off the
ground.
        This room was the largest he had ever seen. He was a
high ranking official back on his home world, but his
room wasn’t nearly as huge as this. He could have fit
at least two of his rooms in here. (if he multiplied
it)
        He continued to think of Ayeka for a while. Soon his
eyelids began to get a bit heavy. He knew he was
falling asleep but he was to comfortable and relaxed
to get up and go to bed. He closed his eyes and
drifted off to sleep. The last thing on his mind was
Ayeka.

        Ryoko and Tenchi had walked back to the house after
the little ordeal at the lake. They where walking up
the stairs and to their room. Tenchi opened the door
once they got their. “Ladies first.” he said as he
bowed to her. She smiled and patted him on the head as
she walked by.
        After she walked in he followed her from behind. She
kicked her shoes off to the side. Tenchi took his
jacket off and tossed it onto a chair in the corner of
the room. Tenchi then kicked off his shoes next to
Ryoko’s and then he walked over to his dresser.
        He opened up the top drawer to look for a t-shirt to
sleep in. Ryoko came up from behind and put her arms
around him. She then kissed him on the neck. Now this
REALLY got his senses stirring.
        Chills ran down his back as he began to waver. She
knew this too. She continued to kiss him on the neck.
“I-uh...” he said. He didn’t even know exactly what he
wanted to say. She giggled and stopped.
        “You uh, what?” she asked in a teasing tone. He
turned around to face her. She began to run her index
finger around in circles on his chest. “Well?” she
asked, her smile never leaving her face.
        He just shrugged and turned redder than ever. She
leaned up against him. “I love you.” she said
seductively in his right ear. Now he was completely in
her control. He put his arms around her waist and
brought her closer to him.
        He looked into her eyes. He could see a mischievous
flame in them. She too saw this in his eyes. She was
although a bit nervous about it. They had never gone
the distance before. (if you know what I mean,
wink-wink)
        He leaned over. “I love you too.” he whispered back.
He then kissed her passionately. She melted in his
arms as though they had kissed for the first time. He
soon brought her down to the bed. (Sorry, I aint going
into any sort of detail on what happened. So picture
this. A large black screen sort of thing appears
saying “Censored” in bold white lettering. So let your
imagination do the thinking on this part. O.o)

         It was the next morning and Tenchi woke up first. He
was lying on his left side looking at Ryoko. She was
sound asleep. She looked so innocent the way she
slept. They had the covers pulled over them as far as
the shoulders. (o.O gee, I wonder why.....)
        He gently caressed the side of her face with the back
of his left hand. He loved her more than words could
say. She sighed quietly in her sleep. He smiled at her
and chuckled quietly. “You are so cute when you
sleep.” he whispered.
        He drew his hand back under the cover. She began to
stir in her sleep. Her eyes started to open. He just
kept smiling at her. She blinked a few times, clearing
the sleep out of her eyes.
        “Morning.” Tenchi said with a small yawn. Ryoko
replied by yawning back. He just chuckled. He took his
left hand out of the covers and ran his fingers
through her bangs, moving them away from her eyes for
her.
        She finally gave him a smile. “Hey.” she said in a
‘I’m tired‘, sort of tone. He placed his hand on her
cheek. She grabbed his wrist gently. He removed his
hand from her cheek.
        She stifled another yawn before saying, “Your hands
are cold.” He laughed a bit at her comment. She let
his wrist go and then pulled the cover over her head.
He looked a little confused at her actions.
        “I’m tired, I’m going back to sleep.” she said from
beneath the bed’s comforter. He finally got the hint.
He slowly got of bed and put some pants on. “I’m going
to take a shower.” he said as he grabbed a towel.
“That’s nice..” he heard Ryoko say in a muffled tone.
        This time he really got the hint. He put his slippers
on and left the room. He headed for the bathroom
quickly. He closed the door behind him and seconds
later the sound of running water can be heard from
inside the bathroom.

        Ayeka woke up to the sound of a loud annoying buzzing
noise. It was her alarm clock. She hit the clock’s off
button and rolled over to her other side exposing her
back to the clock. She was about to fall back to sleep
until she heard loud knocking at her door. She turned
her head to face it. She growled under her breath.
        The door bursted open and Sasami came running in.
Ayeka just groaned and pulled the covers over her
head. “Go away Sasami..” she grumbled. Sasami jumped
up onto the bed and pulled the covers away from her
older sister. “But the meeting is in one hour.” Sasami
replied.
        Ayeka jolted up in a sitting position. “Oh! I almost
forgot!” Ayeka jumped out of her bed. She ran over the
nice fancy carpeted floor and to a large walk in
closet. The closet was about as big as a normal a
master bedroom from Earth.
        Sasami saw her sister disappear inside. About a half
a minute later Sasami saw Ayeka’s night gown
fluttering out of the closet. Ayeka ran out in a large
white cotton robe with a Juraian kimono hanging on one
arm and a towel in the other.
        Ayeka rushed to the bathroom that was at the far left
end of the room. Sasami just giggled as she watched
Ayeka rush about getting ready for the conference.
Ayeka once again disappeared from Sasami’s view when
she entered the bathroom.
        Sasami laughed as she heard the water turn on from in
the bathroom. “Ayeka is so out of shape when it comes
to things like this.” Sasami said to herself. The
little princess moved around on the bed and to Ayeka’s
night stand.
        She picked up the phone’s receiver and dialed in a
number. “Hello, miss Ayeka, what can I get you?” a
woman’s voice said on the other end. Sasami giggled at
the lady. “I’m princess Sasami, and I would like you
to bring some chocolate chip muffins please.” she said
politely.
        The woman was quiet for a second. Sasami guessed that
she was writing down the order. “Should that be
delivered to your room or Miss Ayeka’s?” the lady
finally asked. Sasami switched ears. “To Ayeka’s room
please.” she said with a giggle.
        “Right away ma’am.” the voice said right before
Sasami heard a click. She hung up the phone and sat
there waiting for her order. “Hey, Ayeka! I ordered us
some muffins! Sasami shouted out.

        Ayeka and Sasami rushed down the hall. Ayeka stuffed
a small piece of muffin in her mouth. She began to
chew as fast as possible. Sasami was but all to happy
to rush to the conference room.
        Once they reached the door Ayeka stopped the little
princess from going in. She motioned to straighten out
her kimono. Next she said, “Now, please act like a
young lady while we are doing this.” Sasami smiled and
nodded.
        Ayeka opened the doors up. They both walked in all
proper like. Ayeka took a seat at the head of the
table. Sasami sat to the right of her. Ayeka looked
around the room. Hiroshi sat to the left of her while
the others sat all around the table.
        “Well, it looks like every one is here. Let’s
proceed, shall we.” Ayeka said in her most proper
voice. Every one at the table began to fiddle with
some papers. (except little Sasami -whispers- she’s
just an on looker....) Ayeka looked some papers over
real quick.
        She looked at every one once. “We are all here to
negotiate an alliance with a planet called Kappa.” She
looked to Hiroshi and nodded to him. He sat up
straight and tall. “I’m the representative on the
behalf of planet Concord.” He started out.
        He took a deep breathe and continued, “Kappa is a
very strong yet peaceful planet. My governments
believe that they could be a good ally for the Juraian
empire.” Ayeka noticed a bit of a difference in him.
He was like a different person when he worked. He
wasn’t the same car free man Ayeka met the day before.
        He cleared his throught as he opened up a thick
manila coloured folder. “But the only way we could do
that was to announce the alliance through the name of
Jurai.” he continued. He than handed out many pieces
of papers.
        They seemed to have been a review of Kappa’s
technology. Ayeka looked through them. “Thank you Mr.
Negishi.” she said politely. She looked to Sasami.
“Does the second crowned princess have anything to
say?” she asked in an organized sort of way. Sasami
just shook her head.
        Ayeka nodded. “What does the chief of security from
Kappa have to say?” Ayeka asked. A large man stood up
from his seat. He was alien looking. He was well built
(muscle wise) and sturdy looking. His head looked to
be like a large fish head. (almost, but not quite)
        “I have some pictures of our weaponry at the ready
for you, Highness.” he said. His voice was deep
sounding and it almost sounded as though he talked
with his stomach. The princess nodded and aloud him to
show the pictures. (Yada-yada..... Who wants to read
about a conference? Ryoko: Not me!)

        The conference was at least two hours long. Ayeka
found herself sitting outside on a cushioned bench
under a shady tree. Hiroshi came strolling up moments
later. He was in what you might call casual wear. A
white buttoned up collared shirt. His pants where
nicely pressed. The weren’t like slacks, more like
nice looking jeans.
        “Hi there.” he greeted in a cheerful mood. She shaded
her eyes from the sun with her left hand as she looked
towards him. “Hello, Hiroshi.” she said. He motioned
to the bench. “May I?” She nodded.
        He sat down beside her and sighed. He smiled as he
looked up at the giant tree above him. “I think we did
well at the conference, don’t you think?” he asked
breaking the long moment of silence.
        She looked at him and nodded. “Hiroshi, I must ask
you something.” she said with a nervous tone in her
voice. He looked at her. “What is it?” he asked. He
couldn’t place that familiar nervous tone. He knew he
had heard it before, but couldn’t place it.
        She took in a deep breathe. It was now or never, she
thought. “Do you have anyone waiting for you at your
home?” she paused thinking of a way to clear it up
more. “Some one special?” she finally said.
        Now he knew where he heard that nervous tone before!
It was the same tone he heard on TV programs that he
watched on his free time. He shook his head. “No.
Why?” he asked. He knew why but he wanted to hear it
from her.
        She began to fiddle with her fingers in her lap. She
tried to find the right words. “I know we just met and
everything, but I feel like I’ve known you for a long
time.” she said carefully. She didn’t want to scare
him away from her. She wouldn’t be able to bare that
right now.
        He gave out a long, loud sigh of relief. She looked a
bit shocked. “I feel that way too!” he said in his
innocent sort of way. She smiled. “Oh, thank goodness,
I thought that I was going to make a fool of myself.”
she said with a hint of relief in her voice. Her heart
seemed to be beating faster than usual. She could
swear that someone could hear it all the way back on
Earth.
        He seemed to have gotten a little nervous himself.
“Well, maybe we can go do something tonight.” Hiroshi
said trying to calm everyone down. Ayeka simply
nodded. “Sounds like fun.” she then cleared her
throught. “But, what exactly shall we do?” she asked.
        He sat there thinking. That was a good question. They
could go walking in the park, he thought. Then he
shook off that idea. Then he thought they could go
have a night out on the town. Ayeka might enjoy that,
he thought.
        “We can spend the night on the city.” he suggested
after thinking about it for a minute. Ayeka smiled
back at him warmly. She nodded. That did sound fun to
her. He folded his hands behind his head and sighed.
“Then it’s settled. I’ll come by your room at 7:00
pm.” She looked up at him. “Alright.”

        Tenchi was jogging back to the Masaki home from the
carrot fields. Once he reached the door he twisted the
knob and pushed the door open. He stepped inside. He
looked around the house as he kicked his shoes off at
the door.
        He saw that the TV was on and that Ryoko was all
curled up at one end of the couch. He walked over to
her and took a seat next to her. She looked up at him
and smiled. She sat up and leaned against his left
side.
        “Well hey there.” he said as he put his arm around
her shoulders. She turned a bit red as he did this. He
just continued to smile. She then looked back to the
TV and rested her head on his shoulder.
        She still couldn’t believe what happened the night
before. First Tenchi proposed to her and then... Yeah.
(take a wild gander) She was deep in thought about
this for a long time. Tenchi seemed to have noticed,
for she wasn’t staring at the TV but at the wall.
        “Ryoko, is something wrong?” he asked her in concern.
She inhaled some air in deeply as she came to. She
blinked a couple of times as though she had just woken
up for the first time that day. “Yeah. I’m just
thinking about last night.”
        Memories of the proposal popped into Tenchi’s mind.
He smiled. “Last night had to have been one my best
nights ever.” he said quietly. Ryoko thought the same
thing. She used to think that he wouldn’t ever ask her
once upon a time. Life seemed to have changed though.
        She liked the change. Every thing seemed a bit
different. But she figured once Ayeka and Sasami came
back every thing would go back to normal. She felt
Tenchi kiss her on the forehead. She smiled and was
now more focused on the TV.

        Sasami was fiddling with some controls to a screen.
Soon a picture popped up. It had a large symbol for
the Jurai and it read “Space Communicator”. Sasami
typed in a series of numbers and letters. “Just a
moment please.” a female computerized voice said.
        Sasami plopped down on a large bean bag chair that
was behind the controls. Soon Washu’s face appeared on
the screen. “What can I do for you?” she asked not
bothering to look up from her holo laptop.
        Sasami giggled. “Hello, Miss Washu. It’s me, Sasami.”
she told the mad scientist.
Washu finally looked up and smiled. “What’s up
Sasami?” Sasami smiled broadly at the mad scientist.
The whole reason why she had called was because she
wanted every one to know about Ayeka and her new
crush.
        She folded her hands in her lap and continued to
smile. “Well, Ayeka has a new boyfriend.” Sasami said
cheerfully. Washu’s eyes could have bulged out of
their sockets. (Hell they practically did -snicker-)
        Washu regained most of her composer now. She
straitened her lab coat out and brushed her pants off
as if she had just been rolling around on the ground.
She cleared her throught and looked back up at a
laughing Sasami.
        “You have to be kidding. I mean she was still upset
over Tenchi’s decision before you guys left.” she
tried to reason. But this made Sasami laugh even
harder. This was true, Ayeka was still upset over
losing Tenchi’s love. But Sasami knew that Ayeka had
fallen for another.
        Sasami tried her best to stop laughing so she could
tell Washu, who just sat there with a dumb founded
look. Sasami took a deep breathe and stopped laughing,
but she could not regain a serious face.
        “Ayeka has fallen and is still falling in love with a
man named Hiroshi Negishi.” Sasami explained. Washu
raised an eyebrow at the sudden change in Ayeka’s
actions. (Meaning she couldn’t believe that Ayeka was
falling in love w/ someone else.) “She just told me
that Mr. Negishi is also in love with her.” Sasami
continued.
        Washu exhaled loudly with puffed out cheeks and all.
Both eyebrows perked up as she rubbed her chin in
thought. She just couldn’t believe what she was
hearing She knew Ayeka would find another but not so
quickly.
        Sasami cleared her throught and continued with the
Ayeka Update, (film at eleven O.o;) “She just informed
me that they would spend the night on the town
tonight.” she said now getting a bit more serious. The
seriousness didn’t last though.
        She clasped her hands together and brought them up to
her left cheek and smiled all cutesy like. “I think
it’s sooo cute!” she cooed. Washu herself was finding
all of this cute. “I have never seen Ayeka so happy!”
Sasami continued in her cuteness fit.
        Washu waved at Sasami. “I’m going to tell every one
the news.” and with that Sasami saw the view screen go
blank. She squealed as she jumped out of her bean bag
chair. She ran across her room shrieking and squealing
with joy about how her sister found a new love.

        Washu turned and snapped her fingers. A wooden door
appeared right in front of her. She grinned and opened
the door. When she stepped through it she found
herself in the Masaki house. There on the couch where
Tenchi and Ryoko watching the TV.
        Washu brought her hand to her face and cleared her
throught. Tenchi looked over his shoulder along with
Ryoko. They watched the genius make her way to the
front of the living room.
        Tenchi blinked and Ryoko raised an eyebrow. “What do
you want Washu?” Ryoko asked impatiently. Washu closed
her eyes and sighed. “All I wanted to do was tell you
to some good news.” she said her fake ’Oh I feel so
mistreated’ voice.
        “What news might that be, Little Washu?” Washu beamed
at Tenchi’s words. She loved it when people called her
Little Washu. She made a small hand jester and said,
“Oh it’s nothing really. It’s just that Ayeka has a
new boyfriend.” she exclaimed with all her glory and
intelligents.
        Ryoko began to choke on her own spit and Tenchi just
smiled in awe. “Wow, did she tell you that?” he asked
as Ryoko pounded on her chest to breath. Tenchi looked
over to her and patted her back and she stopped
choking.
        “You have got to be kidding! Who told you Washu?”
Ryoko said with a her version of a happy smile. Washu
was giving her daughter one of her genius smiles.
“Sasami just called.” she said simply.
        Ryoko was hoping that something like this would
happen. She didn’t quite enjoy seeing the princess
being all depressed. It was way to easy to get her all
emotional when she was depressed.
        Ryoko just laughed out. Tenchi found it a little
confusing as to why Ryoko was laughing at this. “Um,
why is it so funny?” he asked her in a small voice. He
didn’t quite get the hummer in hearing about Ayeka
getting into a new relation ship of her own.
        Ryoko stopped laughing after a few seconds. “It’s not
that it’s funny my dear sweet Tenchi.” She started
out. She tried to find the right words for what she
was trying to say. “It’s just that she said that if
you ever loved another, that she would never fall in
love with another guy.” she bursted out laughing
again.
        Washu rose an eyebrow. She didn’t see the logic in
what Ryoko had just said. In a way it was funny to
her. Ayeka went back on her vow, and that did seem to
be a bit funny.
        “Ryoko you are one confusing girl. Ayeka said she
wouldn’t fall in love again, right?”    Ryoko nodded at
her mother. Washu took in a deep breathe. “Well then
it is a bit funny on how you put.”
        Ryoko just shook her head. They obviously weren’t
getting the point. “I’m not laughing at her relation
ship.” She started to explain. “I’m laughing at how
she broke her word.” Tenchi and Washu finally got what
she meant.
        They both started to chuckle at this. Ryoko just
smiled and shook her head. Then it just occurred to
the space pirate. She took a quick glimpse at her
engagement ring and nudged Tenchi in the side.
        ‘We still have to tell Washu.’ she mouthed to him.
‘Ohhhh.’ he mouthed back. He then smiled. He took
Ryoko’s right hand into his left and cleared his
throught. “Washu, we too have some news.” Tenchi
started to say.
        Washu’s smile disappeared and she looked Ryoko over.
“You got her pregnant didn’t you.” she said in a
serious. Although on the inside she was just teasing
them and laughing her ass off. She so loved to be
evil.
        Ryoko turned redder than she had ever been in her
entire life. Tenchi too seemed to have gotten red in
the face. “Um, not really, no.” he said in a small
squeaky kind of voice.
        Washu bursted out laughing. Ryoko began to stutter
off stuff at Washu. “T-that’s not funny!” she shouted
out. Washu made little hand jesters with her right
hand while she held her stomach. It seemed to have
ached she was laughing so hard.
        Tenchi blinked a couple of times in embarrassment.
Ryoko gave him a look that said ‘Mothers’. He chuckled
a bit at her expression. Soon Washu settled down and
he gave out a small sigh.
        “Ryoko and I-” he was shortly interrupted by Washu
who was up to her evil games. “You and Ryoko are
having relation ship problems?” she said in a very
doctorly manner.
        Now Ryoko was fuming mad at the mad scientist. Washu
roared out with laughter that she fell over onto the
floor. (Washu has to have some fun >.<) She was having
such a blast. In fact she was laughing so hard you
could only make out small noises from her throught and
her face began to turn red.
        “Breath, woman, breath.” Ryoko began to chuckle at
the funny expressions Washu was making from laughing.
Then a loud noise of inhaling air was made by Washu as
she continued to laugh.
        But soon she was to pooped to poop from her laughing
hard. (Remember that line from Homeward Bound: The
Incredible Journey? Chance: I’m to pooped to poop.)
She stopped and finally filled her lungs with some
air. She gave a wave for Tenchi to continue.
        “As I was saying, Ryoko and I are engaged.” Ryoko
held her left hand out to show off her ring. As soon
as Washu heard this she started to laugh again. All
Ryoko and Tenchi did about this was look at each other
with their ’What the hell’ expressions.

More Notes: O.o; that may have not as much sense but I
found it funny to write. ¬.¬; Yes I know, it seemed
pointless. The Ayeka fans must have enjoyed. I admit I
got caught up in those cute scenes with Ayeka and
Hiroshi. Very cute if you ask me. Well any way. What
did you think? For your comments please email me at:
the_demon_sumoner_ryoko@yahoo.com. The subject of the
comments will be Love Scurries Part 1 comments. Well
I’ll get started on the second part ASAP! C-ya!