<Don't put up this part.  I will be kinda annoying, but i just now started
writing fics.  So heres another one, this one doesnt belong to the Shaken
series, and this isn't the one where Ayeka gets Tenchi, that one will be in
the future.  Enjoy!>

Legal Disclaimer-  OK don't sue me!  I don't own the very large majority of
these characters.  (about all I know about the people that do, is that they
are Japanese)  I love Ayeka, and all of the gang, (but Ayeka and Kiyone the
most in the girls section) and I don't want to take away from them.  PLEASE
DON'T SUE ME!  I'm broke anyway. Oh, and the title is the name of a song
from
Ace of Base. (Love 'em!)  So here's the story.

Love In December, I Will Always Remember

As I walked through the dark, forbodding city, I thought.  About a boy.  Not
Tenchi you see, but Yosho when he was younger.  And Ayesho, my twin.  I had
never told anyone about her.  She looked just like me.  Except... her
personality was so much more like Sasami's.  I thought about Tenchi some
more, and then I met a man about my age.    "Hello.  Who are you?" he asked.
    "Good afternoon ,sir.  My name is Ayeka."
    "My name is Masaki."
    "Ayeka, I love you"  A picture of Yosho flashed in my mind, as I
remembered the day he left.
     "Excuse me Miss Ayeka, are you OK?" asked Masaki.
    "Yes.  I am fine.  I was thinking about my brother."
    "Our love is eternal, Ayeka.It is special, a love in December, and I
will
always remember."  I gripped my head.  Another man had said that to me.
Kagato had said that.   "NNOOO!!!!"  I collapsed out of rage, an
uncontrollable rage toward Kagato, Yosho, Tenchi.  I didn't know what had
hit
me, I loved them.  (Kinda suprising, I mean Kagato and all.)
    Masaki and I spent the rest of the day talking.  We ate dinner in a
small
diner, which he would not let me pay for my own food.  Finally I said
    "I had best return home, for my friends will worry.  Thank you for
everything, Maskai.  I had a wonderful time."  We had been walking toward
Tenchi's house for about 20 minutes, and they found ourselves on the front
porch.
    "Good-bye, Ayeka."
    "Good-bye Masaki."  We knew each other well from the seven hours we had
spent together.
    "I would like to see you sometime again, Miss Ayeka."
    "Please meet me where we met today next Saturday."
    "I will.  Good-night."
    "Good-night, Masaki"  He smiled, then left.  I was greeted with an angry
gang.
    "Where were you all day?  I was worried sick!" Sasami cried angrily.
    "Just somewhere." was my response.
    "Just who was that I saw out of the window?"
    "Just some man I met."  I guess I acted strange all week.  Saturday,  I
left again.   Masaki and I did this for about 6 months.  Finally, a year had
passed since we met, seeing each other on Saturdays, half of the time
Sundays
and Fridays, too.  Then one day, Kiyone found out about Masaki.
    "Love in December, I will always remember."  I said that to Kagato.  I
l...l...love him.  I love him."  This was all I could think, as Kiyone
questioned her.  Finally I said
    "I love Masaki."  Kiyone looked at me oddly.  "When I was young, my
brother told me about love in December.  He said that our love was eternal
and he would always be there.  *We* called it "Love in December."  I guess
Masaki..."  I trailed off.
    "Ayeka, you love Masaki.  You know that.  You have spent every Saturday
with him for a year."  The look in Kiyone's eyes said it all.  I needed to
tell him.
    "OK, Kiyone.  I will tell him."  So, I spent that Friday, Saturday, and
Sunday with Masaki.  Finally, he asked me to marry him.
    "Masaki, are you sure?  I mean we..." I trailed off.
    "I love you.  Ayeka, we can be together forever."
I could see the love in his eyes.
    "Yes.  I will."  Sasami heard the last three words I said.
    "Will what?"  I turned to Sasami, and asked her how she got here.  She
said she saw Masaki last week and wanted to know more.  She had just caught
up with us.  I told her never to tell anyone.  Two weeks later we eloped.
Ryoko and I had quit fighting, and I let her win.  But she had someone else
on her mind.  Nobuyuki.  (SCARY!)  He was single, and Ryoko learned to love
him.  So no one won Tenchi.  Now, back to us. (Masaki and I)
Finally, I told everyone about Masaki.  Ryoko and Nobuyuki had been happily
married for several weeks.  I told them I was Mrs. Masaki Tomino.  About 3
years after we were married, I had a child.  I named her Aikami.  (Check
your
Japanese and that's Love Spirit)
She grew up to be a fine young woman, who would one day take my place as the
Jurain Empress.  And so, we were a tight, close family, and we lived life to
its fullest.

Love in December, I will always remember.  I will love Masaki eternally, as
well as Lord Tenchi, Kagato, and Yosho.

Questions?  Comments?  E-Mail me at Kyaku2k@cs.com.  Untill my next fic!
Kyaku
