I don't own the Tenchi Muyo characters, and this is made made for my two best 
friends, one of which you will find something she wrote on tmffa.com also. Thank 
you Shannon C. for your contribution of "The Letter from Ryu-oh". And to my 
other best friend (and editor), Sara S., Thanks for your help! In this story, 
well... never mind... you'll figure it out yourself. (Note: This is before 
Maiaka and Ami.)
	~PurpleSailorSaturn7 
 
	Lucky For You
	By: PurpleSailorSaturn7/ PurpleQueenRamia (that is also another nickname 
of mine.)

                                   Chapter 1: Two Unexpected Arrivals 

	"Tenchiiii....... Can we quit doing these silly chores? I'm bored!" Ryoko 
rubbed up against Tenchi, almost knocking him over. 
	"That's enough Miss Ryoko!" Aeka snarled, and the two started fighting. 
Tenchi sighed. Only a few days ago he had released Ryoko from a cave, blew up 
Aeka's spaceship, watched Ryo-ohki be born, and found Mihoshi. Ryoko and Aeka 
had never stopped fighting. 
	"What the hell?" Ryoko cursed from behind him. Tenchi turned around to see 
what was facing him, and when he did, his mouth fell open. A humongus spaceship 
was hovering above him and the others. A purple light was coming out, and a few 
secounds later, A girl joined them. She had light blonde hair and had a galaxy 
police uniform on. She walked forward, and much to everyone's surprise, aimed 
the gun straight at Ryoko's head. 
	"Class A criminal Ryoko I presume." She said, her voice at a draw.
	"Who are you?" Ryoko wrinkled her nose in disgust.
At that moment, Mihoshi came over blubbering about something (as usual). She 
stopped as soon as she laid her eyes on the girl. 
	"Minako?" She questioned, her tears stopping almost instantly. 
	"Mihoshi? Is it really you? I thought you were dead!!!" The two blondes 
both hugged each other and collapsed on the ground, crying. 
	"You know her?" Aeka asked, a dumbfounded look on her face.
	"Oh yes!! Minako here is my best friend!!!" Mihoshi explained.
	"MmmhmmmMmmhmm..." Minako nodded, her green eyes reflected like emeralds 
in the sunlight. 
	"Did you come to rescue me Minako?" Mihoshi asked the other blonde.
Minako looked down at the ground. "Well...umm..no."she admitted. "I thought you 
were dead, so I came to capture Ryoko myself."
	"Minako and I are best friends and partners too!" Mihoshi explained 
excitedly. Minako just nodded. She stood up and went over to where Ryoko stood. 
	"Miss Minako," Aeka said with an evil grin.
	"Yes Princess Aeka?" The blonde looked over her shoulder at the princess 
and her two logs.
	"I want you to know that I will give all I have to help you capture that 
criminal Ryoko." Aeka laughed. 
	"Miss Ryoko, hold still while I read you your rights... Galexy police code 
law... Oh whats that!?" Minako's full attention was focused on the sky, and a 
loud yell could be heard from above. A loud explosion shook the earth, and when 
all the dust and smoke claered, two broken spaceships had crashed to the ground. 
The falling spaceship had hit Minako's, and both had fell to the ground. 
	"Oh no!!!" Mihoshi and Minako had both started crying at the sight of 
Minako's broken ship. 
	"Now how am I ever going to get out of here?" Mihoshi wailed.
	"I hope nobodys hurt!" Sasami said.
Tenchi had began digging in the rubble, and had finally found a girl curled up 
at the bottom. She wore extravagent royal robes, and she looked about the age of 
sixteen, maybe a little more. When she saw she was free, she looked up and 
blinked. She stood up and laughed. She had long red hair that almost reached the 
ground. Her blue eyes justified the fact that she was insane. Aeka made a rude 
gagging noise and Sasami hid behind her. Tenchi sighed, this was going to be a 
long day.




























