Disclaimer:  The characters in this fan fic are property of 
AIC and Pioneer.  This fan fic is not like the others.  Yes, 
this is based on Ryoko.  Although, the villain is not of 
almighty power.  Instead, the villain is a master in his 
skill.  Enjoy the fan fic.


Tenchi Muyo!
The Hunt on a Full Moon:  Lust for Blood


The dark figure stood motionless.  How he enjoyed the death 
of his victims.  He lusted for the thrill of them running 
from him.  "The hunt," he called it.  This victim was 
different.  She fought him.  The smell of her death seeped 
through his nostrils.   He had to kill her quickly.  She put 
up a fair fight.  Her dull blue hair was soaked in her 
blood.  He usually never looked to find out who his victims 
were, but she was different.  He had to know who his worthy 
opponent was.  He found a wallet inside her dark cloak.  He 
opened it and read the name on an identification card.

"Nagi."  His voice chilled.  He didn't have to finish 
looking at the card to know who she was.  

Indeed this was a different kill, but something else caught 
his eye.  He saw cyan hair that reflected a woman's hair 
color.  He gently pulled it out of the wallet to see the 
owner of the hair.  He looked closely at her golden orbs.  

"Ryoko."  He said with great satisfaction.  "She should 
be fun.  It has been a long time since I hunted a pirate.  I 
know exactly where to find you.  I better bring a gift."

He grabbed his long knife.  The blade was a shiny red metal.  
It had the curve of a scimitar.  The hilt was pure gold with 
the head of a lion finely crafted into the base of it.  Two 
ruby orbs revealed the lion's eyes.  

"Your next."  He smiled licking the dry texture of his 
lips.

***
 
Ryoko walked down the staircase.  It was a perfect evening 
to go out and harass Tenchi.  

"Ryoko."  Ayeka screamed.  

"What?"  She asked innocently.

"Did you forget that it was your turn to clean the porch?"  
She took a deep breath.  "Besides, where do you think you 
were going?"  She asked not changing the loud tone in her 
voice.

"Well, I was..."  She said gazing at the ceiling before 
Ayeka interrupted her.
"Going to see Tenchi."  She yelled.

"How did you guess?"  Ryoko snapped back getting annoyed 
at the Princess's bickering.

"Listen here.  You have work to do."  Ayeka smiled 
satisfied that Ryoko was losing her temper.

"I'll do it."  Ryoko snapped.  "Spoiled brat."  She 
huffed under her breath turning her back toward Ayeka.

"What was that, Ryoko?"  Ayeka flared red in anger.  She 
summoned her power and sent a green orb toward Ryoko.

Ryoko jumped before the blast hit her.  She looked back at 
the angry princess.  "You want a fight?"  She raged.  She 
summoned a golden globe of pure energy.  She felt the warmth 
it reflected around her hands.  She thrusted it at Ayeka.  
Ayeka blocked with her shield.

"Stop it!"  A cry rang through the air.

The two participants looked for the owner of the voice, only 
to find an angry Tenchi.  Both immediately bowed their heads 
in shame.  

"Do you both have to fight all the time?  This is getting 
ridiculous."  He looked straight at Ryoko.  His eyes so 
filled with anger that they were about to pop out of his 
head.  "Ryoko, I am especially talking to you."  He said 
grinding his teeth in irritation. 

"Me, Ayeka threw the first blast."  She exclaimed in 
defense while pointing at Ayeka.

"But somehow, you lead her into it." 

"Why am I always guilty?  Can you for once yell at her and 
not me?"  Ryoko pouted feeling like she was in a trial for 
her life.

"Ryoko!"  Tenchi screamed.  "That is enough.  It ends 
here.  I expect you to clean up this mess."  He yelled in 
anger.

Ryoko's emotions blasted open.  She felt angry, scared, and 
above all heart broken.  "Go to hell, Tenchi."  She 
screamed and vanished.

Tenchi stood still.  A person he cared about before has 
never threatened him.  He could only stand there and think 
what he did wrong.  He had to do something to stop the 
fighting.  He turned at the sound of a familiar sound.  He 
turned to see Ken-Ohki with tears in his eyes.

"Ken-Ohki!"  Tenchi exclaimed.  "Ryoko must be fighting 
Nagi."  He spoke to himself.
"Tenchi?"  Ayeka asked.

"I think Nagi has returned to finish Ryoko off."  He said 
not leaving his eyes off the white haired cabbit before him.  

"Yes, but why would he be crying?"  Ayeka asked.

"Indeed."  Tenchi replied thinking about Ayeka's 
conversation.

"Ayeka!  Ayeka!"  Sasami called running into the room.

"What is it, Sasami?"  Ayeka asked in her cool, comforting 
voice.

"The man on the radio said that there is going to be a full 
moon tonight."  The little girl mumbled out in excitement.

"So, why are you in a hurry to tell me?"

"Isn't that when the murders have happened?  You know the 
ones that required Mihoshi and Kiyone to go to Belta-4."  
She babbled out.

"Yes, I remember.  But, that is no reason to be afraid.  
Belta-4 is far away, and besides that was two months ago." 
"She smiled rubbing her little sister's back for comfort.

"I know, but what if they happen here?"  She asked as her 
eyes reflected the fear she felt inside.

"We will lock all doors just in case.  Okay?"  Ayeka 
smiled hugging her little sister.

"Okay." Smiled Sasami.

"Well,  I better go get, Ryoko."  Tenchi said walking 
toward the door.  "Watch Ken-Ohki while I am gone."

"Okay."  Ayeka agreed.  She didn't want him to go after 
Ryoko, but for Sasami's sake, she would do it.  

***

Ryoko felt the cool breeze as the new full moon glistened 
over the mountaintops.  She couldn't believe what she did 
back there, but he never does care for her.  He always goes 
to help Ayeka.  Even in the battle against Kagato, he 
ignored her wound and ran into the Jurai palace.  He would 
never do the same for her.

"Bastard."  She hissed.  She enjoyed the feeling of the 
wet grass between her toes.  "Wet grass?  It didn't rain at 
all this weekend."  She slowly looked down to see blood on 
the grass, and someone's head in front of her.  She gasped 
in horror, and turned to run.  Her stomach felt weak.  All 
she could see in her mind was the blood and the head of a 
woman.

"Woman?"  Ryoko stopped and slowly turned to get another 
look.  She squinted her eyes to get used to the darkness.  
She glanced at the features as the name of the owner matched 
the description of the head that lay at her feet.  
"Na..gi!"  She choked at who could do such a thing.  She 
turned at the snap of a twig.  No one was behind her, but 
the wind began to pick up.  She had to return home.  She had 
to be in the house where it was safe, and she could think in 
peace.    She leaped into the air and took flight.  The cool 
breeze blew hair back as she flew across the forest.  She 
continued flight with the images of the blood and head of 
Nagi still pictured in her mind.  The sound of the wind as a 
sound of something else disturbed the wind.  She didn't want 
to look back and continued home.  But, felt something hit 
the back of her head and everything went black.

***

He was amazed.  He never thought a stone would end her 
flight.  He felt the anticipation grow for more blood as he 
drew closer to her stiff, motionless body.  His saliva 
drooled down his chin at the sight of the future corpse in 
front of him.  He slowly reached for the hilt of his long 
knife.  The cool metal chilled his veins, but it pleased him 
to have that feeling.  Torture is what he lived for, whether 
it was his own or others.  He drew and listened as the 
glorious red blade clashed with his sheath.  He brought it 
to his face and began to lick across the backside of the 
blade.  The taste of the metal made the adventure of murder 
even more thrilling.  

He kneeled beside her and grabbed a strand of her hair ever 
so gently.  He brought his nose above the strand and 
breathed in the natural fragrances of the cyan hair.  He 
began to have the knife slide down her back.  The blade 
maneuvered downward slicing through her blue and yellow 
striped robe as if it didn't exist.  Now, it was time for 
the blood.  His favorite part of his art, no his skill.

***
Tenchi ran into the woods.  He saw Ryoko fall, but why?  He 
didn't know, but it worried him.  He felt the fear of her 
being injured because he yelled at her.  He knew he was hard 
on her, but he had to be.  Why did he have to be?  No time 
to worry, he knew she needed him, someone right now.  

The breeze ceased to blow as he saw a shadowy figure 
standing over a body.  He didn't have time to think.  
Instinct took over and he was blinded by rage as the soft 
ivory hilt of his sword appeared into his hand.  A blue 
light shimmered out of the hilt as Tenchi ran closer to the 
figure.

"Ryoko!"  He screamed.

The figure looked up and vanished into the trees.  Tenchi 
could only hear his heart beat.  He looked at the blood that 
seemed to spew out of Ryoko's back.  Tenchi felt sick at the 
sight.  The cuts and stabs were designed in a pattern.  He 
looked into the night air.  The moon was bright as its light 
engulfed the forest they were in.

"HELP!!!"  He screamed into the night.  He was afraid to 
leave Ryoko, in case that shadowy figure returned.

***
He ever did so enjoyed his work.  He took the knife and slid 
it down her spine.  Blood leaked out of the cut and turned 
into a river streaming down her back at all places.  It was 
beautiful as he forced the knife into the part of her back 
below the shoulder blade.  The flesh gurgled as his blade 
pushed through it.  Ryoko screamed as her eyes bulged in 
pain.  He smiled as she fell back into her unconscious 
state.  All of his victims seem to do the same thing, and 
that was good because it shows his consistency.   He made 
several stabs into different spots of her back and cuts as 
made his art to life.  But his anxiety ended as a boy 
screamed his victim's name.  He had no time to finish, and 
leaped into the forest.  He ran to a tree and jumped into a 
tree.  Like his symbol the lion he will watch the creature 
that disturbed his hunt and hope it will leave so he can 
finish.  Then, the next moon the boy will face a similar 
fate as all of his victims for interfering.  He tasted the 
bitter taste of her blood in his mouth as the blade slid 
across his tongue.  Oh, he shall definitely go for more on 
the next hunt.  

***
Ryoko gasped, as an unbearable pain awakened her.  This was 
the end.  Ayeka gets a knight to save her, while she suffers 
with death.  Why couldn't he care for her?  She was on her 
own and tried to move her arms to fight, but she couldn't 
move.  Then, the darkness took over, and it was black again.

***
Tenchi took off his white T-shirt and began to cover Ryoko's 
back.  Her dress was cut down to the lower tip of her spine.  
Tenchi was no doctor, but he figured it was better than 
letting the blood pour out of her back.

"Tenchi!"  Cried Ayeka.  "Are you..."  She gasped at all 
the blood and Ryoko's limp body.

"Ayeka, get Washu.  I don't know what to do."  He said as 
tears streamed down his face.

"She is on her way.  We all came running at the sounds 
people screaming into the night."  She said and took a deep 
breath to ignore the stench and sight of the blood that 
flowed out of Ryoko's body.  She sat beside Tenchi and 
leaned his head on her shoulder.  "It will be okay.  Washu 
will help Ryoko.  You will see."  She whispered smoothly.

Tenchi couldn't say anything as the tears of guilt and the 
loss of a friend possessed him.  He could only cry on her 
shoulder.
"What the..."  Washu gasped at the sight.  She ran over to 
Ryoko's side.  She knew instantly not to ask questions, but 
help the one in need, then ask.  She was a scientist and a 
partial doctor it was her duty.  She clapped her hands and 
they all appeared into the lab.  She looked at Tenchi and 
Ayeka.  "This could get ugly.  I need you two to wait 
outside of the lab.  Nobuyoki and Sasami are there, as well 
as those two cabbits.  Ayeka, call the science academy.  Ask 
for Dr. Brell.  Tell whomever you are speaking to that it as 
at my request.  You should be able to talk to him 
personally.  Tell him that he owes me a favor and to 
teleport to celestial space 4x6l immediately.  That is all I 
need you to do."  Washu said quickly as well as abruptly.  

"I will.  Come Tenchi."  Ayeka said leading the worried 
Tenchi out of the lab.  

Washu waited until they left and prepared Ryoko's body for 
surgery.  They might have to go in to stop the bleeding.  
Washu licked her lips it was going to be a long night, and 
the thought of trying to save a life in the short time they 
had disturbed her.  The dryness of her lips proved that. 

***
Tenchi stood by the closet door waiting and praying for good 
news.  Washu stepped out an hour ago to let them know that 
Dr. Brell arrived, but the chances of life were slim.  

"It is all my fault.  I yelled at her."  He said dimly 
looking at the floor below him.

"It was not your fault.  Ryoko, would have gone out sooner 
or later."  Ayeka said with a smile on her face.

"Why are you smiling?"  He asked feeling annoyed at her 
happy face at such a gloomy time.

"Someone has to be.  It helps keep your hopes up.  You feel 
better and worry for the same person you care about."  She 
said tenderly.

"Ayeka, why did it have to be Ryoko?"  He said and wept 
upon her shoulder again.

"I can't answer that, but if it is the killer Kiyone and 
Mihoshi are after than that is probably reason enough."  
She rubbed the back of his head with the palm of her hand.  
"I pray and hope that everything will be okay."

Tenchi nodded slightly and jerked his head up as the closet 
door opened.  Tenchi straightened his posture instantly.

"We have done everything we can.   Only time will tell, if 
she will be okay."  Said Dr. Brell.  His age and experience 
shined through his pale, wrinkled skin.  His spiked white 
hair did not move as walked toward them.

"Thank you doctor.  I know you did everything that you 
could do."  Tenchi shook his hand and used all his strength 
to hide his tears.

"I will stay until she regains consciousness.  If she does 
that, her chances for survival are better than they were 
before."  He said walking back into the lab.  "Until she 
awakes, I can allow one of you in for a few moments, but 
that is all.  Who will it be?"  

Tenchi looked into Ayeka's eyes.  The pink pearls blinked 
harshly, and she nodded her head.  "I will go."  Tenchi 
said depressingly.

"Okay, come in."  He said gesturing with his hand for 
Tenchi to walk through first.  Tenchi entered the lab and 
Dr. Brell closed the door as soon as he was in.

***
"Kiyone!"  Mihoshi cried out as she searched through a 
stack of papers.

"Ssh!"  Kiyone replied to the cry.  "We want to surprise 
this guy, if he is here.  This is after all his apartment."

"I know but I found something behind this wall."  Mihoshi 
smiled with contempt of hopefully revealing a hidden door.

"Hmm."  Kiyone sounded as she maneuvered her hand on the 
wallpaper.  The paper was as plain white as all the 
furniture in the room was, but it was poorly placed on the 
wall, probably to hide the grooves of the door.  She felt 
the cool surface again until she felt a slope and followed 
it around the wall.  "This is it.  Knife."  She ordered.

"Knife."  Replied the ever-excited Mihoshi.

Kiyone cut around the slopes she felt.  The ripping noise of 
the knife on the paper was indeed loud.  She removed the 
paper to reveal the white, wooden door.  She opened it 
slowly and stepped aside.  Using her left hand, she signaled 
Mihoshi to be ready.  With that she swung the door open in 
an incredible force and jumped behind Mihoshi, as the young 
blonde partner ran into the newly discovered room armed and 
ready.  Kiyone moved behind her.  

The two women gagged for fresh air as a deranged order 
flooded their nostrils.  Kiyone pinched her nose and 
signaled Mihoshi to stand guard.  She pulled her revolver 
back in her sidearm holster.  She pulled a flashlight that 
rested on her boot.  She turned it on and jumped back at the 
horror of a body hanging in front of them.

"It looks like Nagi's body."  Mihoshi commented turning 
around to hide the picture from her mind.  "Where's here 
head?"  She coughed the smell and the sight of blood was 
too strong for her to take.

"I don't know."  Kiyone replied and flashed the light 
behind the body to see used wax placed in a circle around a 
wall.  She maneuvered around the hanging, headless body.  
Raising the light in front of the burned out candles, she 
saw pictures of past victims marked with a red X.  No doubt 
blood.  It was dark and crispy in look.  Kiyone raised it at 
another face that just caught her eye.   "Ryoko."  She 
gasped moving the light around the pictures on the wall.  It 
was her cyan haired friend, but unlike all the others there 
were many photographs of her than one, like all the others.  
Kiyone looked again, and under an 8 X 11 photograph of Ryoko 
was a picture of a woman that died fourteen years ago.  
Kiyone did not know why she was doing it, but she did it.  
She pulled the photograph of the mysterious woman off the 
wall tucked into her pocket.

"See what the guys downstairs found out and meet me 
outside.  We have to leave immediately."  Kiyone ordered 
leaving the room.  "Also, tell them to look around up here.  
Our man recovered this room, but not bother to clean up his 
mess."

"Which means that he is moving fast."  Acknowledged 
Mihoshi.

"Right."

"So, where are we going."  Asked Mihoshi curiously.

"To Earth.  Ryoko, I think is the next target on our 
killer's mind."

"Ryoko?  Why?"

"I don't know, but maybe she will.  Let's go."  Ordered 
Kiyone and the left the scene.

***
Tenchi looked at the milky skinned body in front of him.  
She was lying on her stomach, and bandages surrounded her 
back.  Sheets and blankets covered her up to her spine.

Tenchi could hear her breathing.  It was in a steady beat.  
She was indeed relaxed, but if she awakens, she will not be 
so comfortable.  He watched as her side inflated and 
deflated as the lungs took in air.  She was alive.

He watched her and waited.  Praying that she would try to do 
something to get his attention, but nothing happened.  A 
tear drew down his cheek, and only one thought ran through 
his mind as he blurted the very essence of the thought into 
a word, "Ryoko."  He whispered to himself in guilt.

***
It has been three days, since Tenchi saw the killer.  Ryoko 
regained consciousness earlier this morning, but Washu told 
everyone to let her rest.  She will need all her strength to 
deal with the pain the wound will cause.  

Mihoshi and Kiyone returned yesterday.  They told everyone 
about their discoveries as well as the name the killer has 
used to register for an apartment.  

"James Jones."  Tenchi said to himself.  Of course, it was 
not the killer's real name.  Tenchi was aware of that, but 
it was a name nonetheless.  

"Okay, Tenchi, you can see her now."  Washu said.  "But 
try not to talk to her to long.  She is very weak."  Washu 
suggested with a smile.

"Thank you, Washu."  He said with gratitude, and walked 
toward the lab.

"Tenchi."  Washu interrupted.

"Yes."  He replied a little annoyed.

"When will dinner be ready?"  She asked innocently, aware 
that he was a little annoyed.

"Sasami said shortly."  He replied and entered the lab.

***
He walked slowly in the room.  There she was.  Still in the 
same position she was in when he first saw her.

"Ryoko."  He called quietly.  He knelt in front of her to 
look at her golden eyes.

"Ten...chi!"  She replied weakly.

"Yes!"  He said with joy.  She was really alive.  He 
couldn't believe it anymore.  The excitement drove him mad.  
He could hug her to death, but realizing what Washu said he 
sat there smiling at her.  "How do you feel?"  He asked 
calmly.

"I hurt.  I can't move my arms or my legs."  She spoke 
sadly.  "How can I still be alive?"  She asked more to 
herself than to him.

"I saw you fall from the sky, and ran to where I lost saw 
you.  Then I saw a shadowy figure with a knife kneeling 
above you.  The figure saw me and ran away.  The others 
heard the excitement and found us.  Washu teleported us to 
her lab."  He spoke grimly.

"You saved me."  She choked.

"Yes!  I know I have shown my favoritism toward Ayeka, but 
you never have seemed to need me.  Otherwise, I would have 
helped.  Whoever this guy is, he wants you pretty badly 
because Nagi is dead."

"I know.  That is why I was flying home.  I was scared, and 
then this happened."  She froze her eyes not looking at him 
but the floor.  Filled with pain, they still shined their 
bright golden color.  "What did he do to me?"  She 
flinched in pain.

"He..."  Tenchi hesitated.  He couldn't tell her.   "He 
used the knife."  Tenchi managed to blurt out.  "I can't 
describe how he used it because it hurts me to picture you 
like that."

"I hurt."  She repeated as she closed her eyes tightly.

Tenchi leaned his head against hers and closed his eyes.  
Smelling the essence of her hair.  Feeling the soft skin 
that rested under the cyan hair.  "Forgive me, Ryoko."  He 
pleaded as the darkness of celestial space surrounded them.

***    
"Two weeks have passed since the attempted murder on Ryoko.  
Ryoko was taken to the hospital a week ago.  Her life signs 
were too weak, and Washu claimed that we should get her to 
professional help."  Tenchi licked his lips.  The killer 
was still on the loose. 

Tenchi walked down the staircase buttoning his white shirt.  
He looked up to see Ayeka and Sasami waiting for him below.

"Come on Tenchi."  Sasami begged.

"I'm coming."  He said with a smile, as he took a step 
toward the blue haired girl.

"It was nice of the hospital to lend us this apartment."  
Ayeka said trying to start conversation.

"It was and well appreciated."  Tenchi nodded in 
agreement.

"Let us go."  Sasami urged them out the door.  "Visiting 
hours will be over soon."

They left the apartment in excitement and ran to the 
elevators.

***
There she is.  She was asleep.  This was too perfect.  His 
art was not complete until the life was drained out of her.  

The cops were easy to get around.  Just take the outside 
entrance, and they can't stop you.  Especially, with the 
moon as the only source of light.  

He slivered his was to her bedside.  Leaning over her, he 
brought his lips to her ear.  This is it.  He has been 
waiting to finish her off, but not tonight.  This was his 
way to let her know that she was still his prey.   He placed 
his hand gently upon her forehead.  His lips almost touched 
her ear before he spoke.  Tonight, his victim will hear the 
voice of her hunter.
"Death is near."  He whispered very quietly.  It was 
almost too quiet to be a whisper.

At the sound of his voice, her eyes bulged in fear.  She 
tried to turn her head to see his face, but she couldn't 
turn her head for his hand was forcing it the opposite 
direction.  She was doing wonderful to tempt his eagerness 
to kill her, but it must be on a full moon.  All masters of 
the art had their signature, and the full moon was his.

"Don't scream."  He whispered.  Moving his hand over her 
mouth and still forcing her head away from him.  "You will 
not die tonight.  I just want you to know that I am still 
out there."  He smiled and moved closer to her ear.  "I 
enjoy a challenge."  He taunted.

Moving his knife back and forth on her abdomen with his 
other hand, he quivered with anxiety as he watched her eyes 
tear with fear.  Even with the hospital gown, she could tell 
his knife was upon her.  He lifted the knife to face her 
eyes, and brought it to her cheek.

"Something to remember me by, until we meet again."  He 
hissed.

Just as he was about to slice her cheek, a sharp pain grew 
around the gloved hand that covered her mouth.  With his 
free hand, he used the hilt.  It hit her on the side of the 
head.  As it connected, Ryoko screamed and fell unconscious.  

He immediately ran to the open window.  He heard someone 
enter the room, and jumped out the window.

***
Tenchi ran to the window, but the man was gone.  He couldn't 
even make a distinction of what the man looked like.  It 
happened all to fast.  He turned around to see doctors run 
in to the unconscious Ryoko.  One of them asked Tenchi and 
the others to leave.  Tenchi led the two girls outside to 
see a man in a navy trench coat walk up to them.

"Tenchi Masaki?"  He asked with a tone of urgency.

"Yes."  Tenchi replied looking into the man's dark brown 
eyes.

"I am Detective Gaylen Blake."  He introduced himself 
holding out his hand.

Tenchi took it and greeted the man back with a nod. 

"What can I do for you?"  He asked.

"I have been after this man, since the beginning.  I am 
here to let you know that I was sent to help the space 
detectives on this case.  I was sent by the Galaxy Police."  
The dark haired man smiled.  "If you will excuse me, I must 
take a look inside.  I will ask you some questions later."  
He said and walked past them without their reply.

***
Kiyone desperately looked at the photographs, of Ryoko and 
the woman that died fourteen years ago.  The woman was 
killed by the serial killer known as Black Winter.  The 
killer killed at night on a winter season.  His victims had 
a snowflake carved into the skin of their foreheads.  He was 
sick.  The greatest galaxy police detective known as 
Detective Gaylen Blake caught him.  Sean, Black Winter, 
Flyte, was caught and executed a month later.  

How it was her dream to be as good as him.  But now, she 
finally has a chance to work with the heroic detective.  She 
was excited.

Glancing back at the picture, she became lost in thought.  
"What does this have to do with the murders of today?"  
She spoke to herself leaning back against her chair.  Then, 
a thought that could ruin her hero's reputation crossed her 
mind.  "Oh my God!"  She shrieked spilling a cup of tea 
that was set at the corner of her desk.  "Mihoshi, get in 
here."  She called anxiously.

"What is it, Kiyone?"  Replied Mihoshi as she ran into the 
room.

"Look at these pictures."  Kiyone demanded.

Mihoshi starred at them for a long time, and looked back at 
Kiyone.  "I don't get it."

"This girl died fourteen years ago, by Black Winter.  Ryoko 
was attacked by the killer reporters are calling the 
Hunter."  Kiyone said taking a breath.

"So."  Mihoshi blurted out in confusion.

"So, why would a killer of today have a photograph of 
another killer's?"  She asked becoming annoyed with her 
partner being so naive. 

"The other killer could have gave it to him."  Mihoshi 
replied still uncertain where Kiyone was leading this 
discussion.

"True, but why wait so long?"  Kiyone asked hastily.

"I don't know."  Mihoshi said rolling her eyes toward the 
ceiling.

"Try to figure this out.  What if Sean Flyte was not the 
killer fourteen years ago?"

"But, he was.  All evidence proved that he was."  Mihoshi 
pointed out observantly.

"Yes, but the evidence could easily mislead anybody.  It is 
not hard for a serial killer to cover his or her tracks."  

"So, you are saying that our killer is the same one from 
fourteen years ago."  Mihoshi cheered in anxiety.

"Yes, but why resurface after fourteen years?"  Kiyone 
said leaning back into her chair.

"To wait for everyone to forget about it, and start 
again."  A man's voice spoke entering the room.

"Exactly."  Kiyone jumped up in acknowledgement.  She 
looked around realizing that was not Mihoshi's voice.  She 
saw a man standing at the door, his navy trench coat 
trailing at his ankles.

"I am Detective Gaylen Blake.  I was assigned to help with 
this investigation."  He said walking toward the wide-eyed 
women.

"Did you know Sean Flyte was innocent?"  Kiyone asked 
trying not to ruin her expectations of her hero.

"No.  Well not until I saw Ryoko's back last night."  He 
said looking at the floor in disappointment.

"What do you mean?"  Kiyone asked trying not to push her 
idle too hard.

"I saw a snowflake etched into Ryoko's back.  It was 
crossed out with an X."  He said looking back up at the 
women.  "I am afraid to say that the Hunter and Black 
Winter are one in the same."

"Let's see what else we can find."  Kiyone ordered and 
walked to the door.  She stopped and waited for the others 
to follow.  "We have a lot of work, and not long before the 
next full moon."  

"You are right.  We only have one week until the next full 
moon."  Blake replied.

***
Tenchi walked back into Ryoko's room.  It was early in the 
morning.  He watched her as she breathed steadily.  Part of 
her sheet revealed her paled skin on her side, but it was 
deformed.  It had the shape of an inkblot.  How could she 
get a scar that looked like that?  What could have done 
that?

Ryoko opened her eyes slowly to see Tenchi looking at her 
side.  She glanced down to realize what he was looking at.  
She weakly threw the sheet over the scar.

Tenchi lost his thought as the sheet covered the scar.  
"Ryoko?"  He asked looking to notice that she was awake.  
He looked down at the floor.  "Where did you get that 
scar?"  He asked shyly.

She took a breath and looked away from him.  How the idea of 
that scar ruined her pride.  She has been in many fights, 
but none that reflected the power of Jurai.  Kagato got her.  
How it surprised her.  But now, the man she loved saw the 
scar that destroyed her pride, and now she felt ill to her 
stomach.

"Ryoko?"  Tenchi asked in concern.  "Was it the wound you 
got from, Kagato?"  He asked looking at her pale face for 
some expression, but received none.  "I knew you were 
injured badly, but I did not know what to do.  I chose to 
heal grandpa and you would not anybody near it.  You are 
tough, Ryoko."  He said looking into her eyes.  "You 
handled the pain like it was not there.  I wish you were not 
so full of pride.  We could have helped you, but that is in 
the past."  He stopped as a thought that he never had 
thought about occurred to him.  "How did you heal 
yourself?"  He asked taking her hand into his.

"Somethings are best to left alone, Tenchi."  She replied 
turning her head towards him.  It was a part of her life 
that she would like to forget.  "We will just leave it at 
that."  She said weakly and closed her eyes and fell to 
sleep.

"I see."  He replied.  "I did this.  I will not let you 
get hurt again.  I swear it."  He said rubbing his hand 
over hers.  Her hand was warm and skin so soft he couldn't 
leave the comfort he felt.

***
The full moon rose over the bright city of Tokyo.  Shining 
its pearl orb over the enchanted city.  Indeed, it was time 
to continue his masterpiece.   Wandering the dark alley, he 
passed many men and women, whose lives were meaningless to 
him and the world.

He found a girl.  An exchange student from some country on 
this world, known as the United States.  She spoke a little 
Japanese.  Her long blonde hair and high social status at 
the college made her a perfect prey.  The challenge was so 
clear.  Killing in front of a mass of her friends and 
escaping without anyone knowing his description or identity.

She was walking to one of the three clubs she has been going 
to.  He knew everything about her.  Sneaking behind her.  He 
lurked in the shadows of the masses of the apartments near 
the club.  She was close to the bouncer, when he jumped in 
front of her.  Her face quivered in fear.  Then, she 
recognized him.  She smiled and waved him to move out of the 
way.   That is all he needed.  

He bowed ever so graciously, that she moved around him, but 
at that instant he grabbed her and ran into the nearest 
alley.  Smiling at her screams for help and to put her down. 

He ran behind a dumpster and threw the girl into the brick, 
knocking her out instantly.  He reached for then knife the 
rested on his side. 

"Feel privileged, my child.  You have been chosen to be my 
next masterpiece.  It is a pity you won't be able to see it, 
but feel it you will."  He smiled scraping the knife on her 
clothing.  Shredding it as it connected with blue silk 
material.  

He then began his work, but footsteps prevented him and he 
tossed her behind the dumpster and hid with her.  The 
bouncer and several of her friends that he could remember 
ran past and turned back finding nothing.

This was more perfect than he predicted before.  He would be 
able to leave his masterpiece in the open.  He began to 
carve his work into her flesh as the blood flowed out at 
every cut and stab.  He licked the crimson liquid off his 
blade.  He always believed to feel what you are painting, 
you must taste what you are painting.

He felt her struggling underneath.  He immediately buried 
her head into the pavement.  She indeed screamed, but not 
for long for death was quick.  He dragged her body to the 
center of the alley and drew a circle of blood around her 
using her own blood.  It was beautiful.  He admired his 
skill very much.  He blew her a kiss and walked out of the 
alley.

***
Cops were everywhere.  The city was in a panic.  A serial 
killer in Tokyo was no pleasure.  In fact, a universal 
serial killer was worse.  Hard to track and so much ground 
to cover.

"It looks like he struck again, but it was not after 
Ryoko."  Kiyone noted to her comrades.

"Indeed, there is not doubt.  It is he.  He likes the name 
the media has given him.  He carved a lion's head on her 
abdomen."  He remarked.

"What do you mean?"  Mihoshi whispered trying not to look 
stupid.  

"The lion's head is the symbol of the mighty hunter.  
Indeed, our killer has changed personalities."

"I agree."  Kiyone acknowledged.

"Let us go back home."  Mihoshi commented.

"Yes, let us see if there is a pattern in these murders."  
Agreed Blake.

***
Tenchi sat on the couch by Ayeka listening to the report of 
the serial killer, "The Hunter."

Ayeka shivered.

"What is wrong?"  Tenchi asked holding her tightly towards 
him.  She was also warm, but shaking.  He rubbed her back 
trying to calm her down.

"I can only imagine how Ryoko feels, knowing that a serial 
killer is after her."  Ayeka commented in a voice that was 
as shaky as her body.
"I am sure Ryoko will be fine.  We have a few police 
guarding her door inside and out."  Tenchi said.

"Listen to you."  Ayeka scolded raising to her feet.

"What?"  Tenchi replied, totally confused.

"Tenchi, she needs us.  This guy is not from your world.  
We don't know how many he would kill to get her."  Ayeka 
lectured.

Tenchi looked down at his feet.  "I know."  He muttered in 
shame.  "It is just that, unlike you and Kagato, I am 
dealing with someone who enjoys killing and trying to defend 
someone I care about.  I don't want to lose you thinking I 
love her more than you."  He said.

"For once, I am not worried about who you love, but I am 
worried about our family.  We were happy, and now this.  A 
killer uses our argument to get to Ryoko.  Also last week, 
he put fear into her by delivering his message.  We need to 
help her."  Ayeka held her hand out to him.

"Ayeka, I will always try to save either one of you, but 
Ryoko won't let me help her."  He said taking her hand.

"Sometimes we help those, who don't want to be helped."  
Ayeka smiled pulling him to his feet.  "It never ceases to 
amaze me that the one thing in this universe that you are 
afraid of is not being polite to Ryoko or me.  Tenchi, Ryoko 
might be a fighter, but if the scars on her back are not a 
clue enough she needs us, then what is?"  Ayeka lectured 
again.

"I will go.  You are right.  I am more afraid for my life, 
I guess."

"And you weren't with Kagato."  Ayeka said giving him the 
evil eye.

"No, because it felt like my destiny.  Where this is life, 
it is not destined to be."

"Destined or not let's go."  Ayeka insisted.

"Right."  Tenchi nodded.  They opened the door, when the 
phone rang.

***
Kiyone studied the pictures for a long time.  Every girl in 
the pictures was marked with the lion's head and except for 
Ryoko and the woman in the picture fourteen years ago.  The 
woman in the picture had the mark of Black Winter, but not 
his other insignia of a star.  These two were special to the 
killer, but why?

Kiyone glanced at the recent picture of the girl that died 
earlier that night.  The lion's head on the abdomen and some 
writing on the back were carved into the girl's body.

"Writing."  Kiyone spoke to herself.

She immediately recognized the writing.  It was Egyptian 
hieroglyphics.  She began to translate.

"One chosen...on full moon...speed."  Kiyone spoke aloud 
the translation.  "Damn."  She cursed under her breath and 
made a phone call.

"Yes special room 4b, please."  She said to the operator.

"Hello."  A man's voice answered.

"Tenchi, this is Kiyone.  I have important news.  This is 
it.  The killer is going to strike again tonight, and the 
last victim ever is to be Ryoko.  Hurry."  She said and 
took a deep breath.

"Right, bye."  Tenchi replied in an urgent tone and hung 
up the phone.

Kiyone placed the phone back on the receiver and looked back 
at the picture of the other woman.  She began to type in her 
computer for information on that murder.  The screen told 
her a lot.  The name of the dead woman was Crylina Dubai.  
Her child reported missing as well as the father.  She then, 
did a search for a Mr. Dubai.  A list of names came on 
screen, but the first caught her eye.  `Lt. Dubai of the 
Galaxy Police, it read.  She clicked on for the photo.

"Mihoshi!"  She called.  "Get in here, I am downloading a 
picture that could give us a lead.  Mihoshi!"  She called 
again and saw a dark object hit her and then darkness.

***
Tenchi and Ayeka were driving to the hospital.  They ran 
into the building as fast as they could.  They broke into 
Ryoko's room, which alerted the police, but they relaxed 
when they saw who it was.  Tenchi looked in and Ryoko was 
gone.  Tenchi ran to the window and looked down, and there 
was a man carrying someone on his back running.

"Ayeka!"  He called.  "Down there."

"Hold on.  I am not sure, if I can do this, but here 
goes."  Tenchi wrapped his arms around her.  She felt her 
Jurai energy surge through her and fell forward with Tenchi 
holding on.  They dropped out of the hospital and like a 
piece of cloth floated safely to their feet.

"This way."  Tenchi ordered.  Leading Ayeka as they turned 
a corner.  He felt his heart beat.  He felt cold.  Not for 
himself, but Ryoko.  If she died, he would be lost.  He had 
to save her.

***
The church was the perfect spot for his talent.  He has 
waited along time for this.  Years of planning and devotion 
to his plans finally paid their dues.  He could do it at a 
temple, but the artwork in a Christian church intrigued him 
more.  He laid Ryoko on the mantel in the center of the 
church.  This was to be his grand finale.

Ryoko's eyes were opening.  He licked his lips with eager 
anticipation.  "Good evening, my child."  He said evilly.

She blinked tightly trying to focus who the man was in front 
of her.  His features became clear.  The short dark hair and 
brown eyes, it had to be Detective Blake. 

"Detective Blake?"  She asked in confusion.  "What are we 
doing here?"  She questioned sleepily.

"Let me remind you."  He said dancing to her side.  He 
kneeled and brought his lips to her ear.  "To kill you."  
He whispered and laughed violently as she struggled to sit 
up, so she could run from him, but he forced her back onto 
the mantle.

"YOU!"  She shivered in disgust and fear.

"Ya, I know, but I have another shocker for you."  He said 
twirling in a circle.  "Do you remember your mother?"  He 
asked with an evil grin.

"Vaguely."  She answered in a pleading voice.

"How about your father?"  He said hastily as if he was 
prosecuting her.

"A little."  Came the scared reply.

"Good and how about your mother's murder."  He 
interrogated.

"NO!"  She screamed.  "It never happened."  She mumbled 
to herself.  She thought she could forget, but the past has 
come to haunt her.  

"But, it did."  He smiled.

"Noooo!"  She raged.  "Daddy didn't mean too."  Ryoko 
cried.

"I did, Ryoko.  She knew about my murders, and so did you.  
But, you ran away."  He turned to face her.  "Now the saga 
can finally end."

"Why?"  Ryoko asked in tears of fear.

"I had to.  My record at the station was pitiful, so I 
killed many people and developed a pattern for the killers I 
portrayed, and framed innocent men by turning them in 
myself.  My record grew perfectly and so did the money, but 
your mother was against it.  She wanted to turn me in.  TURN 
ME IN!"  He yelled in anger.  Walking up to her, he 
signaled her to stay quiet.  "I had to keep her quiet, but 
you saw me.  So, you have to go too."  He smiled and 
laughed again.  

Grabbing the rope, he tied her hands to the mantle.  Then, 
he tied her feet.  Pulling his knife from its sheath, he 
stretched it over her body.  "And now the end."  He 
gloated.

Ryoko could hear her heart beat louder and louder.  She 
couldn't take it anymore and screamed for her life.

"Yes!  Yes!  Scream for your life.  It makes my work more 
enjoyable."  He snapped back in laughter.

Just then, the door opened and Tenchi and Ayeka stepped in.

Dubai turned around annoyed.  "Well, look who decided to 
interrupt.  Excuse me, I will have to take care of these 
unwanted guests, but daddy will be back."  He whispered in 
her ear and gave a kiss on her tender forehead.  

"Blake?"  Tenchi sounded like a wild animal.

"Yes, it is me."  He hissed.  "But, please call me by my 
real name.  I am Dameon Dubai."  He said with a musical 
tone in his voice.  "Welcome to my church."  He greeted.

"You're the killer?"  Ayeka asked in hatred at the sight 
of Ryoko tied to the mantle.

"Indeed."  He gestured happily.  

"Why?" Tenchi asked.

"Too many questions."  He mumbled to himself.  "You ask 
too many questions."  He spoke aloud.  "Ask Ryoko, if 
either of you survive."  He said gesturing his hand at 
them.

Tenchi pulled out the Tenchiken, but a sharp pain coursed 
through his hand.  He looked at Dubai to see some sort of 
gun aiming at him.

"I am sorry, but I do not allow swords in a fight."  He 
smiled malevolently.

"Don't hurt him."  Ayeka screamed.  She forced the shield 
around her and Tenchi.

"Smart, Princess Ayeka, but how can you attack me with your 
shield activated?"  

Ayeka realizing this kept the shield up until he lowered his 
gun.  She watched as it lowered.  Focussing her energy, she 
prepared to fire as her shield lowered.  She was ready, but 
lost control as something like a dagger pierced her left 
shoulder.  Ayeka fell to the ground and placed her hand 
where she felt the pain.  She felt the warm liquid on her 
shoulder and realized she has been shot.

"Anyone else?"  He yelled insanely.

Tenchi watched Ayeka fall to the ground and ran toward the 
killer in all anger.  But in the end, he felt flesh connect 
with his chin and faltered backward, only to feel himself 
fly into a wall by the free hand of Dubai.

"Idiot!  You dare try to attack an armed man."  Dubai's 
filtered with frustration.

Tenchi struggled to his feet.  He looked up and watched as 
Dubai placed his gun in its holster and walked toward him.  

He grabbed Tenchi by the collar with both hands and lifted 
Tenchi in the air.  How it thrilled him to show his power of 
others.  He pushed Tenchi back into the wall.  

"So, she has feelings for you."  He laughed.  "What a 
disappointment.  You don't give a damn."  His eyes lifted 
as if a brilliant thought crossed his mind.  "You just want 
to be a hero."  He said tossing Tenchi back into the wall.  
"IS THAT IT?"  He yelled grinding his teeth in between 
each word.

The throbbing pain hurt Tenchi; he could only shake his head 
back and forth.  The answer he received was another toss 
toward the wall.

"I think you are lying to me."  Dubai hissed.  He dropped 
Tenchi and walked toward Ryoko with his hands out as if he 
was a holy man.  "I will just have to let you watch the 
last and final murder."  He smiled wickedly as he grabbed 
the knife that lay on the floor by the mantle.  "Rest 
assured child.  You will be with your mother soon.  I 
promise."   He said leaning over to give another kiss on 
her forehead.  Then, he remembered the knife.  How did it 
get on the floor?  

His eyes were opened full in surprise as a foot crashed into 
his face.  He flew back to the floor.  Ryoko stood up and 
limped toward him and picked up the knife that was in his 
hands.

"You want to sacrifice, who?"  She raged.  

"My dear."  He begged.  "It was not supposed to be this 
way."  As he spoke, his arm raised up holding the pistol 
and fired one shot.  Ryoko flew over the mantle to the other 
side.  She dropped the knife in midair.
"I told you.  I was suppose to CUT YOUR THROAT."  He 
yelled in anger.  He bent down and picked up the knife, and 
walked around the mantle to see Ryoko holding her chest.  
"Why did you do that, Ryoko?  Now you might die, and I 
can't finish my masterpiece."  He said in disappointment.  
"I guess I will have to work quicker."  He raised the 
knife to her neck.  "Starting here."  He hissed.

"Noooooo!"  Tenchi yelled jumping over the mantle and 
crashing on top of Dubai.  Tenchi grabbed Dubai by the 
throat leaned him forward and punched him in the nose.  The 
man's head flew back at the blow.  "I..."  Tenchi said 
throwing another punch into Dubai's right eye.  "love..."  
Giving another blow to Dubai's lip.  This time he drew blood 
from the dry lips of Dubai.  "Ryoko."  He finished and 
banged Dubai's head to the pavement knocking the man out.

Tenchi crawled to Ryoko.  "Are you okay?"  He asked out of 
breath.

Ryoko could only cry.  Her back hurt and was bleeding again, 
and now her chest hurt to breathe.  Tenchi gathered her in 
his arms, but felt a blow to the back of his head and fell 
into darkness.  

Dubai smiled and picked Ryoko up on her feet.  He pulled the 
knife to her throat.  "I will have to kill you, then finish 
my art work on your body."

He dragged her to the front of the mantle.  He was ready to 
cut, but the crack of the doors opened as a woman walked 
through.  Dubai felt a stinging pain in his shoulder and 
dropped Ryoko.  He staggered backwards and grabbed for his 
gun, but it was gone.  He looked up and saw Kiyone her gun 
pointing at him.  

"I thought you were dead."  He muttered in pain.

"You should always make sure your victims are dead."  She 
replied in anger.

"You Bitch."  He screamed and ran toward her with the 
knife in his hand ready to kill, but another bullet flew 
through his chest.  He dropped the knife staggering 
backwards a few more steps.  He looked up and saw Mihoshi.  
Blood dripping from her forehead like Kiyone's.  He turned 
to Ryoko.  "I must finish."  He said limping toward her.

"DIE!"  Tenchi screamed climbing over the mantle at a 
rapid rate.  Dubai's eyes quivered in fear for the first 
time of his life.  Tenhci had his gun.  Tenchi aimed and 
fired.  Kiyone and Mihoshi fired after him.  

He struggled to stay on his feet.  Blood gushed out of his 
mouth, as he tried to speak.  "Aren't you going to read me 
my rights, detective?"  He smiled as the blood leaked out 
of his mouth.

"No living for you."  Kiyone replied without pity and 
fired a shot.  It flew into his forehead knocking him off 
his feet.  She walked slowly to the body and kneeled to 
check a pulse.  She looked back up at the others.  "He's 
dead."  She said.

Tenchi ran to Ryoko and gathered her in his arms.  "I will 
never doubt my abilities.  I will always be there for you."  
He cried tears of happiness and sadness.  Feeling Ryoko's 
head under his chin, he gave her a kiss on top of her soft, 
cyan hair.  "We will be okay.  It is over."  He cried, 
while cradling her in his arms.

***
Outside of the church, the streets were full of activity.  
News crews, policeman, ambulances, and firemen crowded the 
streets.  Not just the news crews on Earth, but from all of 
over the universe.  Everyone knew the serial killer called 
"The Hunter" died that night. 

Tenchi walked with out of the church with a bandage on his 
head.  He followed the ambulance as they loaded Ryoko on to 
the ambulance.  Kiyone and Mihoshi also walked out of the 
church with bandages on their foreheads.  Ayeka followed 
Tenchi with her arm in a sling.  She boarded the ambulance 
and sat by Tenchi.  The ambulance took off toward the 
hospital in full speed with the sirens blazing aloud.

***
It has been three months since the church.  Tenchi had Ayeka 
in his arms.  She was so relaxing to be around with.  

"We leave for Jurai tomorrow?"  He asked.

"Yes."  She replied with a smile on her face.

"I wonder how they would feel with me taking the thrown 
back?"  He smiled and gave her a kiss on the forehead.

"We will find out when we get there."  She replied.  She 
got up and sauntered to the kitchen.  

Tenchi walked outside.  Feeling the cool breeze, he walked 
toward a tree.  Looking up, he smiled.  He climbed up the 
tree carefully and reached the nearest branch.  Pulling 
himself on to the branch, he sat down and looked at the 
woman on his left.

"Is this branch taken, or am I invited?"  He asked with a 
smirk upon his face.  He erased his grin, when the young 
lady did not acknowledge him.  "What's wrong?"  He asked 
putting his arm around her.

She was startled by his arm around her and turned to face 
him.  "I was just thinking about my fa..."  She couldn't 
finish.  The thought of that monster being her father 
troubled her.  How could she live with the name, his name.

"I don't care, if he did give you birth.  That was not your 
father.  Trust me.  A father does not kill the people he 
loves.  Come here."  He gestured for her to lean on him.  

She did so slowly, as if he was going to hurt her.  She 
rested her head on his shoulders and felt the firmness of 
his shoulder.  It was strong and it made her feel safe.

Tenchi stroked her soft hair.  Enjoying the hair as it 
slipped in between his fingers.  "You will be all right."  
He whispered in her ear.  Feeling the tender skin as it 
barely touched his lips, he snuggled his forehead on to her 
cheek.

"I know, but I am a Dubai.  That name has been disgraced by 
my father."  She busted out in disgust. 

"Look at me."  He said sternly leading her face to look at 
his.  "You will not have to bear that name anymore.  Like I 
told your father.  I love you, and soon you will be Mrs. 
Masaki, if you accept my invitation."  He smiled as Ryoko 
blushed brightly.

"I don't know what to say."  She spoke in astonishment.

"Take your time."  He said comfortingly, bringing her 
closer to him.

"I will...I mean...I do."  She stuttered not sure how to 
say yes correctly.

Tenchi grew excited at her answer, now he will always be 
with her, but her happy expression returned to being gloomy.  
"It will be okay.  Once we get to Jurai, the nightmares on 
Earth will vanish."  He said watching the sun set.

"I hope so."  She said and looked up into his eyes.  His 
eyes were gazing into her own.

"I love you."  He said passionately as he leaned forward 
and kissed her.  The taste of her lips and the warmth of her 
breath made him want to stay there for all eternity.  This 
was it.  He finally found paradise.  He was going to be with 
the people he cared about.  What more could he ask for?

The two embraced and kissed as the sunlight engulfed the 
couple with its golden light.  Lost in their love, they let 
the warmth of the sun consume them.



THE END

That is the end of this fan fic.  I hope you liked the 
mystery and the drama the antagonist caused in this story.  
I started writing this story and couldn't quit.  I love to 
read comments or questions that you have on my fan fics.  
Please, e-mail me at washu@saiyan.com.  This fan fic was 
really fun to right, but don't get the wrong idea.  I don't 
like to always write about insane killers.  Thank you for 
reading my fan fic.













