Okay, everyone, read this one with an open mind.  I've read a lot of 
fan fics where Ryoko gets Tenchi.  I've seen fics where Ayeka gets him, 
a few where Sasami gets him, Kiyone, and even Mihoshi had a crack at 
him.  I have not read, however, a fic where Washu wins his heart.  Oh, 
there are lemons where he and Washu throw down, we've all read them so 
wipe that, "Who, me?" look off your faces, but I wanted to see a fic 
where Washu *gets* him.  Why not?  After all, Washu's not the little 
girl she appears to be.  And she *has* shown an interest in him.  So, I 
wrote this.  Just to see if it could be done. 
This is *NOT* a lemon!  It's more of a slightly spoiled orange.  
Oh, by the way, Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC and Pioneer LDC.
I'd like to thank "Seaver," for proofing this story and suggesting I 
add a few...optional extras to Washu's lab.
Don't sue me.   
Here it is.  
Enjoy.


Ma Petite Washu

	It started simply...

	It was still early when Tenchi Masaki heard the fighting coming 
from downstairs.  Alone, in his bedroom, he sighed and shook his head 
in disbelief.  <It's amazing they can still find things to fight over,> 
he thought.  He sat up on his bed.  He had been dressed for almost an 
hour, but hesitated going downstairs.  All he wanted was a few minutes 
of peace.
	His eyes roamed over his simple room until they rested on an old 
trunk.  He got up and walked over to it, kneeling down and opening it.  
He searched through the contents until he found the object of his 
search, an old picture in an oak frame.  He smiled as he looked upon 
it.  It was a picture of a dark haired woman holding a child.  The two 
were smiling, probably at whoever had been behind the camera taking the 
picture.  He knelt there for a few moments, letting his fingers touch 
the picture, as if that could bring him closer to the woman.  He 
smiled, sighed, and put the picture back in the trunk.
	As he was standing, he heard footsteps approaching his room.  
<What the...>  was all he could think before the door burst open, and 
Ryoko and Ayeka entered, the two of them locked together in mortal 
combat.
	"I told you," Ayeka was shouting, "Tenchi does not wish to be 
disturbed!"
	"Get outta the way, Ayeka!  I don't see a ring on your finger!"
	"Not yet!"
	The two separated for a moment as they powered up.  The two women 
were glowing with rage.
	"Girls!  Please!  Not in my room!"  Tenchi begged.
	They either didn't hear him or didn't care.
	"I'll just have to teach you a lesson, you mannerless demon!"  
Ayeka told Ryoko haughtily.
	"Let's see 'ya try it, little princess!"
	Tenchi hit the ground just in time to avoid the first energy 
bolts which, instead of striking their intended target, struck his wall 
instead, knocking large, basketball size holes in it.  He began to lift 
his head, but thought better of it as another volley of energy blasts 
raked across his room.  His bed, his dresser, his closet; nothing was 
spared as the two women fought.  Tenchi looked to his right and gasped.  
He got up and rushed to his trunk.
	"Snotty little bitch!"  Ryoko spat.
	"Shameless whore!"  Ayeka shot back.
	"I should..."  Ryoko broke off when she saw Tenchi.  Ayeka paused 
and followed her gaze.  Tenchi was kneeling over a burnt trunk, holding 
something in his hands.  For the first time, the girls took a moment to 
look at the destruction they had caused.  "Uh-oh," Ryoko commented 
quietly.  Ayeka just stared.
	They walked over to Tenchi and stood behind him.  He was holding 
something the girls couldn't quite make out.  Whatever it was, it was 
badly charred.  Tenchi was staring at it.
	"Tenchi..."  Ryoko began.
	"Lord Tenchi..." Ayeka said a second later.
	Tenchi spoke, and when he did, they could both here the angry 
sobs he was trying desperately to contain.  "Get out," he whispered 
simply.
	"Tenchi, I..."
	"Get out...both of you," he repeated.  "Before I say something 
I'll regret."  His voice was just above a whisper.
	They both took a step back.  They shared a look that seemed to 
ask, "Just how far did we go?"  Then, Ryoko vanished, and Ayeka walked 
out the door.
	Once they were gone, Tenchi wept.

	Ryoko and Ayeka sat on the living room couch.  Amazingly enough, 
they were within feet of each other and weren't trying to blast one 
another into free floating atoms.  Ryoko turned to Ayeka.
	"I think we went a little too far this time, Princess."
	Ayeka nodded.  "What was he holding in there?  Did you see?"
	Ryoko shook her head.  "No, but whatever it was, it was 
important."
	"You shouldn't have shot that trunk."
	"Huh?"
	Ayeka turned to her.  "I said, 'you shouldn't have shot that 
trunk.'"
	Ryoko turned red in anger.  "Now wait just a minute, Princess!  
*You* were the one who blasted it!  You should..."  Just then, Tenchi 
came down the stairs.  They watched as he calmly walked to the front 
door.
	"Tenchi?"  They asked in unison.
	He opened the door and paused.  He didn't even look at them as he 
said, "The two of you took something from me today that I can *never* 
get back.  Right now, I don't want to see either one of you."  With 
that, he walked out the door.
	Ryoko was on the verge of tears.  "Tenchi..."
	Ayeka sat back down and hung her head in shame.  Bringing pain to 
Tenchi was the last thing she wanted to do.
	From the kitchen, Washu heard everything.

	He sat on a hill top that overlooked the entire Masaki shrine.  
It was a sunny day, a beautiful day.  He looked down on the green grass 
and tall trees that surrounded the shrine and his home.  He was so 
enthralled with the view that he didn't hear the approaching footsteps 
until they were right next to him.
	"Tenchi?"  He looked up to see Washu standing there.
	"Hello Washu," he said softly.
	She sat down next to him.  "Are you okay, Tenchi?  I heard about 
what happened."
	He sighed.  "No, Washu, I'm not okay."
	"If you're worried about your room, don't.  I can fix it up in no 
time."
	He shook his head.  "That's not it, Washu."
	"Hmmmm," she intoned.  "What did they take from you?"
	"Huh?" 
	She repeated the question.  "You said that they took something 
from you.  Something you could never get back.  What was it?"
	Tenchi looked into her green eyes, searching for some hint of 
sarcasm, but he found none, only concern.  He reached into his shirt 
pocket and gave her a small piece of glossy paper.  It was only an inch 
square.  The edges were burned.  It was part of a photo, she was sure 
of that, but she couldn't make out what it had been a photo of.
	"It's a picture of my mother," he told her.  "*The* picture of my 
mother.  The *last* picture.  It was taken when I was six, about two 
weeks before she died."  She listened as he stared into nothingness and 
continued.  "It's stupid," he said.  "I kept that picture in an old 
trunk for *years* because I was certain that if I walked into my room 
and saw it without bracing myself first, that I would break down and 
cry.  I kept it because I was so afraid of forgetting what she looked 
like.  I didn't mind if I cried from time to time, because at least I'd 
be able to *see* her.  Dad keeps his pictures of her locked up, 
probably for the same reason, but *that* picture was *mine.*  *My* 
memory of her."
	Washu looked down at the burnt photo.  It was almost completely 
destroyed.  Even *she* wouldn't be able to reconstitute it.
	His voice grew harsh.  "And they *took* that memory from me in a 
petty squabble!"  He stood up and took a few steps.  "They keep telling 
me how much they *care* for me.  They keep telling me how much they 
care, and then they go and do something like this!  How am I supposed 
to interpret that?!  Huh?!  How should I feel when they destroy 
something I love in a fight about how much they love me?!  Kami-sama, 
even when I say it out loud it sounds stupid!"
	"Tenchi, I'm not going to defend what they did, but it *was* an 
accident," she told him sympathetically.
	"It's *always* an accident, Washu!"  He shot back.  "This isn't 
the problem, it's just another symptom of something that gets worse and 
worse every day."  He sat back down.  His voice got softer.  "I don't 
know how I feel about them, anymore," he told her quietly.  "There was 
a time..." he broke off and paused before continuing.  "There was a 
time when I thought I could love either one, now I'm wondering if I 
could love them at all.  I don't mean to lead them on.  They're like 
family.  I don't want to hurt them, but sometimes I wish I had just 
listened to my grandfather and not have gone anywhere near that cave."
	He sighed before going on.  "What happens when I *do* fall in 
love with someone?  What happens when I bring a girl home to meet Dad?  
I don't think Ryoko or Ayeka would do anything *deliberately,* but 
that's just it.  It wouldn't have to be deliberate.  They're so 
powerful.  It's fine when they fight each other, I don't think they 
could really hurt one another, but what happens when they turn that 
power on a normal human girl?"  He put his head in his hands.  "Kami-
sama," he whispered, "How far would they go?  And who could stop them?"
	Washu listened.  She had never heard Tenchi voice these fears to 
anyone.
	He laughed.  "You know something, Washu, as much as I protest 
every time my father brings it up, as much as I insist I'm not ready, I 
really *do* want children someday.  I *want* a family of my own.  I saw 
how close my mother and father were.  I want that for myself someday."  
He grimaced and shook his head.  "I don't dare tell anyone else, 
though.  Can you imagine what kind of chess piece *that* would be?  
Ayeka going on about how my son would be the next ruler of Jurai, while 
Ryoko brags about how powerful our children would be?  I don't think I 
could stand it.  Not with something so serious.  Not when they would 
use something I care about so much as a ploy."
	She was startled when he addressed her.  "Washu?  Can I ask you a 
personal question?"
	She nodded.
	"You had a child once.  Was it worth it?  I mean, was it worth 
all the heartache that came later simply to have a child of your own?"
	She sighed and thought the question over.  "Yes," she told him.  
"It was.  When he was taken from me, a part of me died inside.  But 
before that....before that I can't think of a time when I was more 
content with my life.  I sometimes wonder about him.  How he turned 
out, did he marry, did he become a scientist like his mom?  I guess 
I'll never know, but I wouldn't trade those few years I had with him 
for anything in the world."
	Tenchi listened to this and nodded solemnly.  "That's one of the 
reasons I can talk to you, Washu.  We  have something in common the 
others could never share."  She looked at him in puzzlement.  "We both 
lost the person we cared about most too damned soon."
	She nodded slowly.  Tenchi didn't deserve this.  He didn't 
deserve to be squabbled over like a prize, to be used as a pawn for 
Ayeka and Ryoko to use against one another.  He deserved better.  He 
deserved someone like...
	Her.
	She blinked, surprised that a thought like that had even crossed 
her mind.
	<Well, why not?>  a voice in her head asked her.  <Everyone else 
is after him.  It's easy to see why.  So why not?>
	<Are you insane?> another part of her mind cried.  She looked at 
him.  He was attractive,yes, but she knew that wasn't why the girls 
stayed on Earth.  They stayed because he was a kind, caring person, who 
would never hurt them, and he would die to protect them.  He loved them 
in his own way.  Not in a romantic way, not yet, but it was enough to 
make them stay near him.
	She blinked as she realized that that was why *she* stayed.  She 
was the greatest scientific genius in the universe, but instead of 
teaching or exploring the universe, she stayed on a backwater planet.  
She looked at his face again, and her expression turned harsh as she 
thought of Ryoko and Ayeka treating him as a trophy, something to be 
won or lost like a carnival prize.  He *did* deserve better.
	How long had it been since she had known a man like him?  Ten 
millenia? *Twenty?*  
	Tenchi turned to her.  "Thank you, Washu for listening to me.  
I..."  He broke off suddenly as Washu, in her adult form, pressed her 
lips against his.  When she finally released him, he blinked in shock.  
"Wa...Wa...Washu?"
	She put her finger to his lips.  "Shhh," she said.  "It's okay.  
I...I guess I just wanted to know what is was like to kiss a man like 
you again.  Someone who can actually *feel* something."  She smiled 
wanly.  "I don't want to add to your problems, Tenchi.  I just wanted 
you to know that there *are* others out there.  Others who can 
appreciate you for who you are and nothing else.  Don't worry.  I won't 
tell Ryoko or Ayeka."
	Tenchi gazed at her for a moment.  He had only seen her adult 
form once, just after Little Taro's visit.  Then, she had acted 
seductively, having fun with him.  Now, she seemed...unsure.  The look 
of superiority she wore in her child form had been replaced by 
something else, something softer, gentler, and inviting.  
	He gazed at her a second more, then leaned forward and kissed her 
again.  Washu, who hadn't felt the touch of a man in centuries, 
rejoiced at its return.  She reciprocated fiercely, almost overwhelming 
the young man.  Tenchi, however, didn't panic.
	They sat there kissing for several minutes.  Washu tentatively 
reached out and took Tenchi's hand, placing it on her ample adult 
breast.  She waited for him to panic, to start bleeding from the nose, 
but neither event occurred.  Spurred on by this small victory, she 
reached out and began to pull off his shirt while he began to unbutton 
her blouse.  They fell back on the grassy hill together.

	When Tenchi woke up, the first sensation he felt was a pain all 
along his exposed back.  He raised his head and looked behind him to 
see that his entire back was sunburned.  He gazed up at the sun, which 
was now beginning to sink below the horizon, and checked his watch.  
They had been sleeping for close to five hours.  
	Below him, Washu stirred.  She opened her green eyes and smiled 
coyly.  "Hello there," she said.  "Did we oversleep?"
	Tenchi smiled back at her.  "You have nothing to worry about," he 
said in a mock heroic voice,   "Tenchi, the human sun block, has 
shielded your delicate skin from the sun's harmful rays."
	Washu burst out laughing.  She looked at Tenchi's back and cooed.  
"Oh, did we get a sunburn?" she asked in a baby's voice.  "Let me kiss 
it, make it better."
	"Now, now," he said with a wry grin, "That's how it got sunburnt 
in the first place."
	She laughed again, not the devilish cackle she used in her child 
form, but a soft, demure giggle Tenchi had never heard her use before.  
She noticed how low in the sky the sun was.  "It's getting late," she 
commented.  "The others are going to start looking before too long."
	Tenchi nodded in agreement, and held her a little tighter.
	"Tenchi?"
	"Hmm?"
	"Where do you want to go from here?"  Tenchi blinked at the 
question.  Washu continued.  "If you want this to be a one time thing, 
something we'll never talk about again, I'll understand.  It would 
probably be the safe thing."
	"No!"  Tenchi responded, his voice fearful.  "I don't want this 
to be a, 'one time thing,'"  he told her.  "This wasn't something I did 
just for the hell of it, Washu.  I *wanted* this to happen.  I just 
never realized it before now."
	She smiled and moved closer to him.  "Good, I didn't want to lose 
you, either...  now that I've found you."
	"There is another problem, however," he told her.
	She nodded.  "Ryoko," she breathed, "If she ever found out..."  
She couldn't bear to finish the sentence.  She *wanted* a relationship 
with her daughter.  If Ryoko found out Washu had stolen Tenchi from 
her, Ryoko would never, in a million years, ever forgive her.  On the 
other hand..."Do you know how long it's been since I've felt safe and 
loved, Tenchi?"
	Tenchi thought of the parts of Washu's life he *did* know about.  
Imprisoned by Kagato, and before that, her brief marriage and the 
forced separation from her child.  "I couldn't hazard a guess," he told 
her seriously.
	She looked up at him.  "Far too long," she said, then she kissed 
him.  She broke off the kiss before it had the chance to go any 
farther.  "We should go," she told him.  "There's going to be enough 
questions as it is."  She stood up and began looking for parts of her 
Science Academy uniform.  Tenchi began to dress as well.  He turned 
around to give her some semblance of privacy.  He buttoned his shirt 
and smiled as her arms looped around him from behind, holding him 
possesively.  He took one of her hands and kissed it.  He watched, 
fascinated, as the hand began to shrink back to its normal size.  He 
turned and found Washu's child form standing there.  She adjusted her 
hair and smiled.
	"This isn't the end," he told her seriously.
	"This is the beginning," she agreed.

	Tenchi and Washu strolled back to the house.  When they reached 
the front door, Tenchi's hand paused over the knob.  <No matter what we 
say,> he thought, <There's going to be trouble from the two of them.>  
He opened the door.
	"We're home!" he called.  He turned to see Ryoko and Ayeka 
standing there in front of him.  He waited for the interrogation to 
begin, but instead, was shocked to see Ryoko and Ayeka fall to their 
knees and bow down, placing their heads on the their hands.
	"Please forgive us, Lord Tenchi,"  Ayeka begged.
	"Please, Tenchi?  We didn't mean to destroy your room.  I swear!"
	Tenchi sighed.  He wasn't really angry at them anymore.  It *had* 
been an accident, but he still had to say something before it happened 
again.  "My room is off limits when it comes to your fights, 
understand?"
	They both nodded vigorously.
	"As a matter of fact, if you *must* fight, do it outside where 
you can't destroy anything else.  Got it?"
	They nodded again.
	He sighed.  "All right.  Apology accepted."  They got up and 
rushed him, glomping onto him.  They shared an irritated look, but a 
stern gaze from Tenchi stopped a fight before it could even begin.  He 
managed to free himself.
	Sasami stuck her head out from the kitchen.  "Dinner's ready!" 
she announced.  "Oh, Tenchi!  You're home!  We were so worried!  Are 
you okay?"
	Tenchi smiled.  "Yeah, Sasami, I'm okay."
	"Good!  Dinner's ready."  She disappeared back into the kitchen.
	Tenchi turned to Washu.  "Um...Little Washu, I hate to have to 
ask, but do you think you could help me repair my room?"
	She smiled.  "Sure Tenchi.  I'll look at it after dinner." 

	"Well, that's the last hole,"  Washu called out, typing a last 
few commands on her holotop which controlled the repair bot that was 
working on the more damaged areas of Tenchi's room.
	Tenchi moved the old dresser he had found in the attic a few 
inches to the left and stepped back.  "Perfect," he commented.  He 
turned to Washu.  "Thanks Washu, I appreciate it."
	She threw him a playful grin.  "How appreciative?"  she asked.
	Tenchi couldn't help cracking a smile.  "How appreciative would 
you like me to be?"
	"Well, I..."
	She broke off when they heard footsteps bounding up the stairs.  
"Tenchi!  Washu!"  It was Sasami.  "How is it going in there?  Do you 
need any help?"  They turned to see the blue haired princess appear at 
the doorway.
	Tenchi almost had a coronary.  If Sasami had waited just a few 
more seconds, she would've caught him and Washu in the act!
	Washu took it in stride.  "We're almost finished.  We just have 
to clean up."
	"Great.  Can I help?"
	"Sure," Washu told her.  She reached into a dimensional pocket 
and removed a broom and dust pan.  She handed them to Sasami, who took 
them happily, and began to sweep Tenchi's floor.  Tenchi and Washu 
joined her in the clean up effort.
	As Tenchi cleaned, he thought about their close call.  They would 
have to be extremely careful if this was going to work.  In the 
meantime, he would have to think of a way to let Ryoko and Ayeka down 
easy, in a way that wouldn't result in a thermonuclear explosion.
	He glanced over at Washu.  <She hides herself away in a child's 
body because the adult world was simply too painful to live in,> he 
thought.  <It isn't fair.  What did she ever do to deserve the things 
that happened to her?  I wish I could help her.>  He paused and 
blinked.  He really *could* help her.  Wasn't Ayeka always going on 
about how powerful Jurai was?  And wasn't *he* the crown prince?  A 
plan began to form in his mind, but who could he ask for help?  Ayeka?  
Doubtful.  She'd want to know why.  
	He was going to have to find the help elsewhere.

	One thing Kiyone didn't expect Saturday morning was a knock on 
her door.  Since she had joined the Masaki's and their "extended" 
family, she had found life on Earth rather peaceful.  Sure, there was 
the occasional alert, but aside from that, everything was status quo.
	Now if only she could kill her ditz partner and make it look like 
an accident...
	She got up and answered the door, only to find Tenchi standing 
there.  "Tenchi, good morning.  Is there something wrong?"
	"No, not really."  He seemed rather uncomfortable.  "Kiyone, I 
need to talk to you.  Can I come in?"
	Kiyone blinked.  "Sure Tenchi, come in."  He stepped inside.  
Kiyone had her bath robe on.  Tenchi had caught her on the way to the 
onsen.  "What's the matter?"
	Tenchi took a breath and began.  "I need a favor," he said, "As 
Tenchi Masaki...and as the crown prince of Jurai."
	This made her pause.  To her knowledge, Tenchi had never even 
acknowledged his political rank, let alone used it.  "Of course.  What 
can I do to help?"
	"I'm looking for someone's personal history and, if possible, 
their whereabouts.  All I have to go on is the mother's name.  I know 
he was born at the Academy of Science some time about twenty thousand 
years ago.  But that's all I know.  I need you to run a check through 
the Galaxy Police records.  Can you help?"
	Kiyone took a breath.  "I don't know, Tenchi.  Those records are 
supposed to remain sealed."
	"That's why I'm asking as the prince of Jurai.  I figure the 
Galaxy Police could bend the rules for a member of the royal family."
	Kiyone shrugged.  "It's been known to happen.  I'll give it a 
try.  You said you had the mother's name?"
	He nodded.  "Washu Hakubi."
	"*Washu!?*"
	He nodded.  "Whatever you can find would be great.  Thanks 
Kiyone."
	"I'll give it a try," she said again, without enthusiasm.
	"Oh, one more thing," he said from the door.
	"Yes?"
	"I need you to keep this confidential.  No one can know, not even 
Mihoshi."
	"Is there some kind of problem?  Was a crime committed?"  she 
asked.
	"Yes," he said, "But it was a long time ago."  He left, leaving 
Kiyone thoroughly confused.

	Tenchi entered the lab and waited for the door to seal shut 
behind him.  "Little Washu?"  he called.
	"Tenchi, I'm over here!"  Tenchi walked a few paces into the 
immense laboratory and found Washu in her adult form putting the 
finishing touches on her hair.  Tenchi blinked in pleasant surprise.  
Washu was wearing a black evening gown provacatively slit up the right 
thigh.  She turned to him and smiled.  "Hi, there."
	Tenchi returned the smile.  "Big night planned?"
	"Mmm hmm."  She stood up and approached him.  "I figured we could 
go out tonight," she told him.
	Tenchi paused.  "Um...It's only eight in the morning," he told 
her.
	"Don't worry about that."
	"Well, how are we going to get out of the house?  Ryoko and Ayeka 
are in the living room, Sasami's in the kitchen...."
	She put her finger on his lips.  "It's all taken care of."  She 
handed him two gold bracelets.  "First, you have to get dressed."  He 
took the bracelets and put them over each of his wrists.  Washu took 
his hands and pressed a silver tab on each gold hoop.  There was a 
flash, and suddenly, Tenchi was standing there in a black tuxedo!  He 
looked down at himself.
	"I call it 'Insta-Tux,'" she told him with a grin, "Whadya 
think?"
	"It's great," he told her, he examined the Insta-Tux.  The gold 
bracelets were positioned at the end of each of his jacket sleeves.  He 
wondered how it worked. "But it still doesn't tell me how we're gonna 
get out of here without anyone noticing."
	She grinned at him.  "Nothing is beyond the power of the greatest 
scientific genius in the universe," she told him.  She brought up her 
holotop and typed a few commands.  A dimensional doorway appeared next 
to them.  Washu offered him her arm, and he took it with a smile.  
Together, they walked through the door...
	....and reappeared in an alley. 
	Tenchi looked around himself and wasn't quite sure they were in 
the right place.  Old brick buildings were all he could see.  Garbage 
cans lined the alley wall.  It was dark out, the stars were already 
high in the sky.  
	He turned to see Washu turning a key on the door before it 
quietly disappeared.  She faced him.  "Remember where we parked, okay?"  
He nodded, and she led him out of the alley and into a bustling street.  
The people around him were speaking a different language, but it was 
one he recognized.  He had a sneaking suspiscion of just *where* Washu 
had brought him.  Looking around at the cityscape, he found the proof.
	The Eifel Tower.
	He turned to her.  "Paris?" he asked her.
	She shrugged.  "I've always enjoyed traveling."
	He smiled and shook his head.  "Lead on."

	Ryoko and Ayeka sat on the couch and watched the soap opera the 
two of them had been following ever since they started living with the 
Masaki's.  It was one of the few likes they shared.
	They were silent for a long time.  Finally, Ryoko looked over at 
Ayeka and spoke.
	"Um...Ayeka?  Have you noticed anything different about Tenchi 
lately?"
	The princess blinked.  "You noticed it too?"
	Ryoko nodded.  "He just seems...I don't know...off, somehow."
	"Maybe he's not feeling well," Ayeka guessed.
	"Or maybe something's *happened* to him."
	"Like what?"
	Ryoko was silent.  "I don't know, but I think we should make an 
effort to find out."

	The dimensional door opened twelve hours later and Tenchi and 
Washu stepped into the lab, both of them laughing.  "That was 
wonderful, Little Washu,"  Tenchi told her.  The two had spent a night 
in Paris.  Dinner at an open air cafe followed by dancing at a ritzy 
Parisienne club until the sun had come up over the Eifel Tower.  Tenchi 
couldn't remember when he had had so much fun.
	"Please, Tenchi," she said, caressing his cheek, "It's just, 
'Washu,' now, remember?"
	He smiled and kissed her.  "No matter what, you'll always be my 
Little Washu."
	"And you'll always be my little guinea pig."
	He laughed at that.  "I didn't know you spoke any French," he 
told her, changing the subject.
	She shrugged.  "I speak several languages, six thousand, as a 
matter of fact.  French isn't so difficult after you master 
St'reeets'k."
	"How do you say, 'My little Washu,' in French?"
	"Ma petite Washu."
	"Ma petite Washu," he repeated, trying it on for size.
	He leaned forward and kissed her again.  When they separated, 
their lips were only inches apart.
	"Can you stay the night?" she asked him.
	He sighed.  "We still have to be careful.  It's getting late, and 
you know how Ryoko likes to watch me sleep.  She'd get suspiscious."
	She nodded in understanding.  Until they could find a way to 
break the news to Ryoko and Ayeka without causing too much carnage, 
they had to be careful.  "See you tomorrow," she said.
	"Count on it."  He removed the bracelets from his wrists and 
watched as the Insta-Tux disappeared, revealing his shrine tunic.  "I 
had a great time today, I mean tonight," he told her.
	"Me too.  Next time, Hong Kong."
	"It's a date."
	They kissed again, and Tenchi left, throwing one last longing 
look at her before disappearing out the dimensional doorway that led to 
the house.
	Washu sighed.  She was just about to return to her child form 
when she felt another presence.  
	A presence she recognized immediately.
	"I figured you'd show up, eventually," she called out.  She 
turned and faced the blue haired apparition before her.
	Tsunami crossed her arms over her chest and frowned.  "Did you 
think I would approve?"
	"I don't recall *asking* for your approval, Sister."
	"Tenchi belongs to Sasami, Washu.  It has been so ordained."
	Washu grimaced.  "Oh, knock it off, Tsunami.  Tenchi's exact 
destiny has never been determined beyond a doubt."
	Tsunami's grimace matched Washu's.  "Their children will one day 
face the darkness Tokimi represents!  By interfering now, you throw 
that destiny into peril!"
	Washu turned on her.  "'Interfering?'" she asked.  She snorted.  
"You're one to talk!"  Tsunami flinched.  Washu pressed the attack.  
"Tell me, Sister, do you invade their dreams?  Do you whisper into 
their subconscious the idea that the other is evil, that she wants to 
harm Tenchi, that she's out to destroy the other and make Tenchi hers?  
I know Ayeka, and I know my daughter.  They could be the best of 
friends, I've seen them be civil, even gracious to one another, but 
something always interferes."  She took a step toward the goddess and 
stared her in the eyes.  "You're the one who pits Ryoko and Ayeka 
against one another," she declared, deadpan.  "You knew the fighting 
would upset him, and you *knew* that it would one day force him to 
drive them away.  Then, Sasami wins Tenchi by default."  She smiled, 
"But once again, you underestimated your sister."
	Tsunami gulped.  "This mustn't be," she said quietly.  "They must 
be married, they must have children, otherwise all is lost."
	"You don't know that, Tsunami!"  Washu cried.  "You said 
yourself, the future is changing constantly!  Who knows what you'll see 
a year from now, or a decade from now?!"
	"That's not your decision to make," Tsunami told her.
	"Nor yours!"  Washu shot back.
	Tsunami stood there for a moment, then said, "I will not allow 
this to happen.  I will stop you."
	Washu stared her sister down.  "Give it your best shot, *Sis*!"  
She made this last word a curse.  Tsunami flinched as if slapped.  She 
nodded curtly and disappeared.  
	Washu leaned against a wall and sighed.
	"Why does love have to be so difficult *all* the time?"

	Kiyone watched as the Galaxy Police cruiser, Solaria, landed 
gracefully next to the lake.  She made a few last minute adjustments to 
her uniform, making sure her award ribbons and name tag were straight 
before approaching the cruiser.  She watched as the landing ramp came 
down.  A Galaxy Police courier descended with a tungsten briefcase 
handcuffed to his wrist.  Kiyone saluted smartly.
	"Detective Kiyone?" the courier asked.
	She nodded.
	"I need to hear your password, Ma'am."
	Kiyone nodded again and sighed.  "Along came a spider, that sat 
down beside her, and frightened Miss Muffet away."
	He smiled and shook his head.  "Who comes up with these 
passwords, anyway?"
	She shrugged absently.
	He unlocked the cuff on the case and handed it to her.  "It's an 
Eyes Only document," he told her seriously, "It goes straight to the 
prince, and tell him that the GP will want a favor from *him* one day."
	She nodded, saluted, and watched him go.

	Washu typed away on her computer.  Her newly discovered love life 
was playing havoc with her experiments, and she found that she was 
falling behind.  She really didn't mind so much.  Being with him made 
it all worth it.  She paused a moment to reflect on her relationship 
with him.  She had only been with two other men in her life:  her 
husband and Kagato.  Both men had gone on to betray her, both had taken 
children from her.
	But it was different with Tenchi.  She felt more in control and 
happier than she remembered being with either of the others.  She had 
once believed wholeheartedly that love was blind.  That belief had 
caused her to miss seeing Kagato's true ambition until it was too late.  
That was what made her feelings for Tenchi so wonderful.
	They weren't at all blind.
	She was startled out of her reflection when two muscular arms 
embraced her from behind.  She smiled as Tenchi leaned over her 
shoulder.  "Busy?" he asked.
	"You have no idea," she told him.
	"I brought you some lunch," he told her, showing her a picnic 
basket he had placed next to his feet.  
	She kissed his cheek.  "That was sweet of you."
	"I also brought you something else," he told her.  On this he was 
a little less comfortable.  He reached into his pocket and produced a 
data crystal.
	Her eyebrows narrowed in puzzlement.  "What is it?"
	He took a breath.  "It's absolutely everything the Galaxy Police 
could find out about your son, Washu."
	There was a quick hiss of indrawn breath from her.  She took the 
crystal carefully, as if she were afraid it would break if she weren't 
gentle.  She stared at it, studying every facet, every point of light 
that reflected off it.  She stared at the crystal loveling, caressing 
it as a would a mother holding her child.  Ancient pains and emotions 
she thought she had forgotten strove to make their pressence known in 
her consciousness.   With an obvious effort she controlled her emotions 
and held the crystal as what it is, a crystal. ...
	Her fingers closed around it.
	"Everything?" she asked, her eyes closed in pain.
	He nodded.  "Yeah, everything."
	"Did you look at it?"
	"No," he told her.
	She opened her eyes and nodded.  "Good."  Suddenly, she hurled 
the crystal down to the floor and crushed it underneath her foot.
	"WASHU!?"  Tenchi was shocked.  "But why?" he whispered in 
wonder.  "Why?"
	She looked at him with tears in her eyes.  "For the same reason 
you had to keep your mother's photo buried in a trunk," she told him.  
"Because as much as I want to know, I'm afraid of what I might find 
out."
	He was silent, then he nodded in understanding.  He kneeled down 
and embraced her.  She buried her face in his chest and began to cry.  
"I'm sorry," he whispered.  "I shouldn't have..."
	She looked up at him.  "No, Tenchi," she interrupted, "It was the 
kindest thing anyone's ever tried to do for me.  The GP keeps their 
records sealed tight.  It would've taken *me* forever to hack into 
their database.  I can't imagine what you had to do to get it.  *I'm* 
sorry."
	He didn't say anything, he simply held her and let her cry.  "Is 
there anything I can do?"  he asked.
	She answered by kissing him.  All of her emotions, her fear, her 
grief, her happiness, her loneliness, her love, all of it went into 
that one kiss.  Tenchi felt her grow in his hands.  When he opened his 
eyes, he found the adult Washu sitting there.  Tears were still in her 
eyes.  "Just...be with me," she asked him.  He nodded and embraced her 
again.

	Washu woke up in her room the next morning and yawned.  She 
looked over to the other side of her bed and smiled ruefully.  Tenchi 
had left last night.  She placed her hand where he had slept and tried 
to feel his essence there.  
	She finally got out of bed and went to her bathroom.  Looking in 
the mirror, she flinched at her reflection.  It took her a second to 
recognize her adult self.  She must have forgotten to change back last 
night after he left.  She thought about changing back but stopped 
herself.  She found that she was becoming more and more comfortable 
with her older self than she used to be.  She smiled at her reflection.  
	Maybe being an adult wasn't so bad after all.

	"KAMI-SAMA, HELP ME!"  he screamed as Washu dragged him toward 
the lab by the legs.  He grabbed hold of one of the legs of the kitchen 
table.  "I DON'T WANNA BE YOUR GUINEA PIG!"
	"Relax, Tenchi," Washu told him with a grin.  "I just have to run 
a few tests."  She looked up at the other girls to see if they would 
challenge her on this.  Ryoko looked ready to interfere, but that look 
withered under Washu's challenging gaze.
	"Help me!  I'll give you money!"  he cried.
	"Uh, Ms. Washu?"  Sasami asked.
	"Oh, don't worry Sasami, I'm not going to *hurt* him."  She gave 
his legs a sharp tug, and he lost his grip on the table leg.  
	He screamed as Washu began dragging him to the dimensional 
doorway.  The door opened and closed behind them, leaving the girls 
sitting at the dinner table with concerned looks on their faces.
	"You..." Ryoko began, "You don't think Washu would... *hurt* him, 
do you?"
	Ayeka stiffened.  "I...I don't think so."
	Mihoshi smiled.  "I'm sure Washu will be careful.  She likes 
Tenchi."
	They considered this for a moment.  They certainly *hoped* she 
liked Tenchi.
	
	The second they were in the lab, Tenchi was on his feet.  He 
watched as Washu changed from a small girl to an adult woman about 
eighteen years old.  When the transformation was complete, she took a 
step toward him and kissed him passionately.  Tenchi's back hit the 
dimensional door with a thud.
	"That was nice acting out there," she told him between kisses.
	"We have to keep up the pretense, don't we?"
	She smiled.  "Of course, and speaking of which..." She produced a 
small remote control and pressed a button on it.  
	Suddenly, Tenchi heard his own voice calling out from a speaker 
above the door.  "Washu!  What is that?"  the voice asked.
	He heard Washu's voice a second later.  "It's just a molecular 
probe.  Relax!"
	Tenchi listened while Washu kissed him.  It seemed by the sound 
of his voice coming over the speaker that he was in a lot of  trouble.

	"Is this really necessary, Washu?"  Tenchi's voice asked.  
Leaning against the outside of the dimensional doorway to Washu's lab, 
Ryoko and Ayeka listened concernedly.
	"I have to get the proper readings," they heard the scientist's 
voice explain.  "Now, hold still."  Suddenly, there was the sound of a 
chain saw being revved.  Ryoko and Ayeka's eyes went wide.
	Ryoko pushed Ayeka out of the way.  "One side, Ayeka!  This has 
gone on long enough!"  She powered up an energy ball and let fly.  When 
the smoke cleared a second later, the door didn't have a scratch on it.  
She grabbed onto the door knob and began pulling.  "Well don't just 
stand there, Ayeka!" she said, "Help me!"
	Ayeka grabbed onto the door knob and the two began pulling.  They 
both stopped as they felt someone standing next to them.  They turned 
to see Sasami standing there.
	"Oh, Sasami," Ayeka said sheepishly.   "We were just...Sasami?"
	There was something odd about her.  It took Ryoko a second to 
realize what it was.  Then it clicked.   Instead of the bisected 
triangle on her forehead, there were two glowing circles.
	"We need to talk," Sasami told them in a voice that was not her 
own.

	Tenchi woke up with a start.  He reached over to hold Washu, but 
found her side of the bed empty.  He blinked in puzzlement, but then he 
heard it.
	The sound of clacking keys on a holotop computer.
	He sat up and found Washu, still in her adult form, working on 
her computer.  He crawled out of bed and reached for his shirt.  He 
pulled it over him as he walked over to Washu.  
	She smiled up at him as he approached.  "Sorry," she said.  "I 
didn't mean to wake you."
	"Don't worry," he told her.  "What are you doing?"
	"You'll think it's boring," she told him simply.
	"No I won't," he replied.  "I'm interested in what you do."
	She stopped typing and looked at him as if he had grown a new 
head.  "It's an old experiment.  I call it a, 'Dimensional Gate.'"
	"'Dimensional Gate?'" he asked.
	"Mmm hmmm.  You see, there are other dimensions besides our own.  
Some of them are separate universes, some of them are alternate 
timelines, but they are all separated by a thick level of subspace.  
This gate would allow me to traverse subspace and enter a new 
dimension."
	He blinked.  "Kind of like time travel?"
	"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm....sort of.  The premise is the same, 
but the applications and the physics involved are different.  I could 
show you, but it involves a lot of math."
	He nodded.  "So what kind of universes do you think are out 
there?"
	She shrugged.  "Who knows?" she asked.  "For all we know, in some 
other dimension, you could be an interstellar warlord, Ryoko could be  
Empress of Jurai, and Kiyone could be Grand Marshal of the Galaxy 
Police."
	He chuckled at this.  "Right," he said sarcastically, "And I 
suppose you're *still* the greatest scientific genius in the universe."
	"Well, if it works here..."
	He grinned and gave her a quick kiss.  "I'll let you get back to 
work."  He went to the bed and began to dress.  
	She paused in her typing and turned to him.  "See 'ya later?"
	He grinned.  "If I can get away," he told her.  He looked around 
and found a clock, checking the time.  "I have to go practice with 
Grandfather."  
	"Then I'll see you later."
	He gave her a quick kiss and walked to the dimensional door.  He 
threw her one last look while waiting for it to appear and smiled.  
When the door opened, he walked through.  Ayeka was sitting on the 
couch, doing a bit of light sewing.
	"Good afternoon, Miss Ayeka," he greeted her.
	She looked up at him and gave him a strained smile.  "Good 
afternoon, Tenchi."
	Something about her tone made Tenchi pause.  "Is everything okay, 
Miss Ayeka?"
	"Yes, yes of course, Tenchi."
	"Where's Mihoshi and Kiyone?"
	"They had to go out on patrol.  They said they wouldn't be back 
for a few hours."
	He nodded.  "All right."  He walked out the door and continued on 
his way to the shrine.

	Washu typed in a last few pieces of data before she decided it 
was time to act.  She jumped to her right and rolled to a crouching 
position just before a red light sword came down and sliced the  pillow 
she had been sitting on into two neat halves.  She stood up and faced 
her daughter.  She hadn't changed back to a child since Tenchi left, so 
she was slightly taller than her would-be attacker.
	She was troubled, but tried not to let it show when she addressed 
Ryoko.  "That was stupid, Ryoko," she said, her eyes narrowing.  
"Trying to sneak up on someone mentally connected to your mind like 
that."
	Ryoko stood before her with hate in her eyes.  She extinguished 
her lightsword, but gave no hint of giving up.  "We know what you're up 
to, *Mom.*"  This last word came as a curse.  "We know what you're 
trying to do to Tenchi.  We're not going to let you."
	"And just what am I trying to do?"
	"You've had your eye on him from the start!"  Ryoko spat.  
"You're so swept up in getting the Light Hawk Wings for yourself, you 
don't care if it kills him in the process!"
	Washu blinked.  <What the hell...>  she thought.  Then it all 
fell into place.  "What did Tsunami tell you?" she asked.
	Ryoko's light sword appeared in her hand.  "The truth!"  Ryoko 
cried.  "Which is more than I can say for my own mother!"  She lunged 
at Washu.
	The scientist, however, was far from helpless.  She threw herself 
to her right, a small holopad appeared in her hand.  She pressed one of 
the buttons on the pad and watched as two of the shrubs in her lab 
vanished as the floor panels they were standing on flipped over.  In 
their place stood two stun cannons.  Ryoko's eyes darted from side to 
side.  The cannons opened fire, but Ryoko was no longer there.  She 
dematerialized and reappeared next to, first one and then the other, 
her light sword making short work of them.  
	Before Ryoko could turn attention back to her mother, Washu 
pressed a second button.  Suddenly, the ground underneath Ryoko 
vanished.  Ryoko floated above the gaping hole and grinned.  "Good one, 
Washu," she said tauntingly.  "And you call *me* stupid?"
	Suddenly, a huge reptilian claw darted up from the hole and 
grabbed the demon's leg!  Ryoko gave a cry as the claw pulled her down 
into the hole.  Washu listened as Ryoko and Washu's pet kell dragon 
went at it, Ryoko's curses loud enough to wake the dead.  After a few 
seconds, a very pissed Ryoko shot up through the hole.
	Washu pressed a third button.  A dimensional door opened, and 
hundreds of tiny Washu-bots poured from the doorway, charging Ryoko.  
They jumped at the stunned space pirate, their collective weight 
knocking her to the ground.
	"Ryoko, listen to me.  You've got it all wrong!  I'm not trying 
to hurt Tenchi!  Please, stop this!"
	Ryoko suddenly shot out from under the pile of Washu-bots and 
slammed into Washu, executing a flying punch to the stomach that 
knocked Washu back thirty feet.  The holopad flew from her hand. 
	Washu didn't waste time looking for it.  In less than half a 
second, she was back on her feet, her own lightsword was in her hand.  
She brought it up and blocked an overhand blow from her attacking 
daughter.  Ryoko brought her knee up into the pit of Washu's stomach.  
Washu gasped in pain and fell to one knee.  She saw Ryoko bring her 
sword up for another blow.  Washu brought her own sword up to block 
it...

	Tenchi got about halfway up the stairs to the shrine when he 
stopped suddenly.  There was something wrong.  He could feel it.  He 
turned and started down the stairs again, first at a walk, then at a 
rather dangerous run.

	He opened the front door and started for the lab.  Ayeka suddenly 
stepped out in front of him.
	"Tenchi," she began, "Please stop!"
	He paused.  "Miss Ayeka, what's going on?"
	"It would be safer for you if you stayed out here.  Let Ryoko and 
I handle it."
	His heart dropped to the pit of his stomach.  "Handle what?" he 
asked fearfully.
	She took a step toward him.  "Washu has been manipulating you, 
Tenchi.  She's been trying to get the secret of the Light Hawk Wings 
from you.  Her experiments have been slowly warping your mind so that 
you'd become her willing slave."
	"What are you talking about?" he asked in disbelief.  Washu 
hadn't even mentioned the Light Hawk Wings since their relationship 
started.  "How the hell did you get *that* idea?!"
	Ayeka paused, then whispered.  "*She* said you would not be aware 
of it, that you would try to protect her."
	"Who said?  Ayeka, I don't know what you're talking about?  
Where's Ryoko?  Where's *Washu*?!"
	Ayeka was silent just long enough for Tenchi to realize what was 
happening.  "Oh, Kami-sama!"  He went to move past her, but she reached 
out and took his arm.  
	"Tenchi!  Please!"
	He jerked his arm away from her.  "If *anything* has happened to 
her..."  he hissed, but left the rest of the threat unspoken.
	"I can't allow you to interfere, Tenchi.  I'm sorry."  She took a 
step back.  "Azaka!  Kamidake!"  On cue, the two guardians appeared on 
either side of him.  Instantly, it seemed, he was trapped in a force 
field.  He tried to struggle, but the field generated by Ayeka's 
servants was keeping him immobile.
	"Ayeka!"
	She looked at him with sad eyes.  "Don't worry, Tenchi," she 
reassured him, "Once *she's* gone, her hold on you will be gone."  With 
that she turned on her heel and entered the lab.  He continued to 
struggle.

	Washu struck the aquarium wall with a grunt, her back absorbing 
the impact.  She recovered just in time to duck under Ryoko's slash.  
Her daughter's lighsword bit into the glass, melting it on impact.  
Ryoko was struck by a dense stream of water from the ruptured aquarium 
that knocked her off balance.  Washu turned it into an advantage and 
struck back.  Now, Ryoko was on the defensive, parrying Washu's blows 
expertly, but with some degree of difficulty.
	The two paused in their attacks and faced each other, both were 
breathing heavily.  Washu decided to try to appeal to Ryoko's sense of 
reason again.
	"Ryoko, I don't know what Tsunami told you, but you can bet it 
wasn't for *your* benefit!"
	"Shut up!  I won't let you hurt him anymore!"
	"I'm *not* trying to hurt him!  Ryoko....I don't want to hurt 
you.  Please!  You're my daughter.  I love you."
	Ryoko's bitterly sarcastic reply was interrupted before it began.  
They heard the dimensional door open and close.  Turning, they found 
Ayeka standing there.  "You were saying, *Ms.* Washu?"
	"Ayeka," Washu breathed.  Just how far had Tsunami gone?
	
	Tenchi struggled, tried to get the guardians to obey him, to turn 
him loose, but they ignored him.  He couldn't move!  The force field 
was so strong, in fact, that it made even the simple act of breathing 
difficult.  He continued to fight.  Washu needed him!
	<Believe in your own power.>
	The words came back to him suddenly.  He stopped struggling and 
took a slow breath.  He began to concentrate, focusing on one thing:  
Washu.
	He felt it, a glimmer of light deep within him.  He focused on 
that light, nurturing it, coaxing it out to the surface.  He felt it 
expand within him.  
	<Washu, just hold on for a few more seconds!>

	Washu screamed as another thousand volts coursed through her.  
She fell to her knees as Ayeka's power logs began to power up again 
around her.  She had to laugh at the irony.  Here she was, the 
universe's number one genius scientist, destroyed by her own daughter 
and her rival.  What truly hindered her was the fact that she didn't 
*want* to hurt either one of them.  They were being manipulated by 
Tsunami.  They honestly believed they were protecting Tenchi.  They 
didn't realize what they were doing.
	She looked up to see Ryoko and Ayeka standing over her.  She 
swallowed nervously.  That last shot from Ayeka had sapped her 
remaining strength.  She could no longer form a light sword to protect 
herself.  Even if she wanted to strike back with her true powers, she 
couldn't.  She took a moment to curse the fragile, physical body she 
had *chosen* to live in all those millenia ago.  
	She took a deep breath.  It was time.
	<Au reviour, Tenchi.>  she thought.  <Je t'aime.>  She closed her 
eyes.
	Suddenly, there was a violent explosion from the direction of the 
dimensional doorway.  Washu's eye's shot open just in time to see 
Kamidake, in flames,  fly across the lab and strike one the trees she 
kept in there for decoration.  The red guardian seemed to try to 
recover, but stopped dead in it's tracks and fell on its side, it's one 
eye going dark.
	Washu, Ryoko, and Ayeka all looked up to see Tenchi standing in 
the doorway in his white battle outfit.  The Light Hawk Wings orbitted 
his body like electrons about an atom.  Through the doorway behind him, 
they could see Azaka lying in two neat halves on the living room floor.  
Tenchi took a few steps toward them.
	"Get away from her," he growled, dangerously.  "Right now."
	Ryoko and Ayeka's eyes went wide.  "Tenchi,"  Ryoko whispered in 
shock.  "You don't understand.  She's..."
	"*You* don't understand, Ryoko!"  he shot back.  "I love her."
	Ryoko was struck speechless.  Ayeka turned to her.  "She must 
have a stronger hold on him than Tsunami thought!"
	Ryoko nodded in agreement.  "Tenchi, she's using you!  She wants 
the Light Hawk Wings!  You have to believe me!  Can't you see it?!"
	"What I see is an execution in progress!"  he snapped.  "And you 
had better believe me, Ryoko, when I say that if you don't back away 
from her by the time I count to three, you'll regret it."
	Ryoko looked shocked.  "She's controlling you," she whispered, 
begging him to understand.  "That's the only explanation."
	"One,"
	"Tenchi, please!"
	"Two,"  He reached out and grabbed one of the Wings.  It 
obediently transformed into a light sword.
	"Tenchi.  Please!  We love you!  We don't want to see you get 
hurt!"
	"Three!  Now step back!"
	Ryoko licked her lips and came to a decision.  "Ayeka, you take 
care of Washu."  She formed a light sword in her hand.  "Once she's 
gone, Tenchi will come to his senses!"
	Tenchi's eyes went wide.  "Don't do this, Ryoko!"  he begged.
	Ryoko stood between Tenchi and Washu.  Ayeka began to power up 
her logs.  Washu reached up and grabbed hold of Ayeka's kimono.  She 
summoned as much strength as she could and hurled the princess to the 
ground.  Caught off balance, Ayeka's control of the logs was 
interrupted, and they disappeared.
	Tenchi took a step toward Ryoko who raised her light sword in 
warning.  Her eyes begged him not to continue.  He saw Ayeka recover 
and turn back to Washu.  He raised the sword and brought it down on 
Ryoko's.  She fenced with him for a few seconds.  She had never seen 
him fight so hard before.  Their swords crossed, crackling together 
with barely controlled energy.  He shoved, throwing Ryoko back several 
feet.  He turned to Ayeka and motioned with his hand.  One of the Wings 
flew out and struck the princess, slamming her back away from Washu.  
Another wave of his hand, and his remaining Light Hawk Wing flew out 
and joined the other.  They wrapped around Ayeka like steel belts, 
suspending her in a force field even more powerful than her own had 
been.  The princess struggled futilely.
	His eyes darted to Ryoko just in time to see her vanish.  He 
gasped and rushed toward Washu, who was watching  the now immobile 
Ayeka in shock.   
	"WASHU!!"  he shouted.  He pushed her away just as Ryoko appeared 
next to them.  She stabbed out with her lightsword where she thought 
Washu would be.  
	Washu, caught by surprise when Tenchi shoved her, landed on her 
back.  The back of her head struck the floor with a crack.  She cried 
out in pain.  She opened her eyes and sat up, trying to banish the pain 
in her head.  She looked up at Tenchi and found him just standing 
there.  Ryoko stood behind him, her face pale and haunted.  Washu 
looked at his chest and found the tip of a red lightsword protruding 
from it.
	He looked down at the tip, and then, at her.  "Ma petite Washu," 
he whispered, then fell to his knees.  The Light Hawk sword and the two 
wings comprising the force field surrounding Ayeka flickered and 
vanished.
	"Tenchi?" she whispered.
	She watched him collapse face first onto the floor.
	"Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked in a haunted voice.  "Tenchi?!"
	Ayeka, freed from his force field, looked up.  "Lord Tenchi?"
	Ryoko looked down at the lightsword in her hand.  Her mouth 
opened and closed reflexively in pure shock.  The sword disappeared.  
She covered her mouth with both hands and looked down at Tenchi's body.  
She shook her head.  Her breath came in ragged gasps.  She began to 
shake.  
	Then she screamed.
	Washu rushed to him.  She quickly turned him over and checked his 
pulse.  She didn't like the result.  She tried checking in another 
area, but with similar results.  
	"Ms. Washu?"  Ayeka asked.
	She fell back on her knees and shook her head.  She felt the 
tears well up in her eyes.  Suddenly, Ryoko vanished, unable to bear 
the sight of Tenchi's lifeless corpse.  Ayeka shook her head in shock.  
She wobbled on her feet and feinted dead away without another word.
	Washu rested her hands on Tenchi's chest.  She closed her eyes 
and tried to hold back the sobs.  Finally, she couldn't contain them 
anymore.  She burst into tears and collapsed on top of him.  She 
caressed his face with her fingers, desperately searching for some sign 
of life, but knowing she wouldn't find any.  She rested her cheek 
against his and continued to cry.
	With Ayeka unconscious, she was, in essence, alone in the lab.
	Not entirely alone.
	Her eyes shot open.  She growled and turned to see *her* standing 
there.  Sasami's pink eyes looked up at her.  Washu's light sword 
appeared in her hand, powered by Washu's rage.  She brought it up over 
her head and prepared to bring it down on the little girl's skull.  
	The blow didn't fall.  
	The sword disappeared.  She returned to her knees and rested her 
hands on his body.  Tsunami, in Sasami's body, didn't budge.
	"Well, Tsunami, I hope this satisfies you," Washu told her, her 
tone deadpan.
	"You know it doesn't," Tsunami replied.  Her voice was grievous.
	"You were saying something about the effects of interfering, 
weren't you?"
	Tsunami didn't answer her.  Washu didn't care.  She just wanted 
to be alone with her grief.
	"I'm...I'm sorry, Washu,"  Tsunami told her, sympathetically.
	Washu looked up at her with all the hate she could possibly 
muster into a look.  She shook her head.  "Don't...you...*dare*...tell 
me that!" she hissed.  "Don't you *dare* pity me!"
	"It's not just you, Washu," Tsunami told her.  "I fear now for 
the future.  Now, all is lost."
	"To Hell with your future, Tsunami!"  Washu spat.  "The future's 
what you make of it!"  She turned back to him.  "*He* taught me that," 
she whispered.  The two sisters were silent for a moment.  Finally, 
Washu swallowed her pride.  "Tsunami, can you bring him back?"
	She waited for Tsunami to answer her.  "No, Washu, I can't.  Not 
now."
	"You're not telling me something."
	"I can't bring him back, but there is something we *can* do."  
Washu looked up at her.  "But you'll have to give him up."
	Washu shook her head.
	"I won't do it unless you're willing to allow him to find his 
destiny with Sasami.  There's too much at stake, and I'll only be able 
to do this once.  I won't have the power to repeat it."
	Washu looked down at Tenchi.  "But he'll live on?"
	"Yes."
	Washu stood up.  "Okay, Tsunami.  Deal."
	Tsunami closed her eyes.  There was a flash of light, and 
suddenly, Sasami's body fell to the floor unconscious.  Where she had 
been standing, Tsunami's adult form now towered.  She raised her hands 
and gathered all the energy she could muster into them.  Another light, 
even brighter than before shot from her hands, encompassing her and 
Washu.  

	Washu blinked the light out of her eyes and found herself in the 
kitchen.  She looked around herself in surprise.  She saw Sasami 
standing at the stove, cooking lunch.  She looked down at herself and 
found that she was in her child form.   "What the..."
	She heard Ryoko and Ayeka fighting in the living room.  She went 
to the doorway and looked out.  They were sitting on the couch, 
arguing.  This was familiar, somehow. 
	She saw Tenchi come down the stairs.  She gasped.  He was alive!  
HE WAS ALIVE!!!
	"Tenchi?"  Ryoko and Ayeka asked in unison.
	He opened the door and paused.  He didn't even look at them as he 
said, "The two of you took something from me today that I can *never* 
get back.  Right now, I don't want to see either one of you."  With 
that, he walked out the door.
	Ryoko was on the verge of tears.  "Tenchi..."
	Ayeka sat back down and hung her head in shame.  Bringing pain to 
Tenchi was the last thing she wanted to do.
	Washu shook her head in shock.  She was back to that morning.  
The morning where she and Tenchi realized just how much they cared for 
each other.  Tsunami had sent her back in time!  She could prevent his 
death!  She could...
	No...she couldn't.  That's what Tsunami had meant.  If she tried, 
Tsunami would only repeat whatever it is she did to Ryoko and Ayeka.  
If what she said was true, if Tsunami could only send her back once, 
then that meant there would be no third chance.  And if Tenchi died 
this time, he would be lost forever.  Washu wouldn't be able to live 
with herself if that happened.
	She stood a little straighter and took a deep breath.  "Sasami,"
	Sasami turned from the stove.  "Yes, Ms. Washu?"
	Washu swallowed and tried to hold back her tears.  
"Tenchi...Tenchi is upset about something," she told the little 
princess.  "I think you should go talk to him."
	"Hmm?  Oh.  Okay, Ms. Washu."  Sasami took off her apron and ran 
past her to catch up with Tenchi.  Washu watched her go.  
	She could feel Tsunami's presence behind her.  Washu didn't look 
at her sister.  "Sasami..." she began, trying in vain to hold back her 
sobs, "Sasami will be good to him," she said, wiping the tears from her 
eyes with her sleeve.  "She...she's a little young, but then again, so 
am I."  Tsunami didn't say anything.  "She'll make a good wife and 
mother.  I've...I've always thought so.  I mean...she's kind, she can 
cook," she chuckled sadly, "She'll look like *you.*  I'm happy for him.  
I...I really am."  She couldn't hold the tears back any longer.  She 
fell to her knees and began to cry.
	She felt Tsunami's arms circle around her.  Washu turned and wept 
into her sister's kimono.  Tsunami held her as she cried.  "I *am* 
sorry, Sister."
	"Why?"  Washu asked.  "Why does it have to be this way?  Why?  I 
loved him, and he loved me, so why couldn't we be together?  Why do I 
have to give up someone I love *again?!*"
	Tsunami held her.  "I don't have an answer for you, Sister.  All 
I know is that it was the *right* thing to do."  Tsunami gazed down 
into her eyes.  "If you like, I can erase your memories of your time 
with him."
	"No!"  She broke away from Tsunami in fear.  "I don't *want* to 
lose that time with him!  I *need* that memory of him!"
	"Shhh.  It's okay, Washu," Tsunami said, trying to comfort her.  
"I won't take it from you if you don't want me to.  But it will be 
hard, Sister, very hard.  You won't be able to share those memories 
with him."
	"I know, but it's enough to know that it *did* happen.  I can be 
content with that."
	"I understand, Sister.  If you ever need to talk..."
	"Thank you, Tsunami, but I think I'd rather be alone right now."
	"I see."  Tsunami released her and stood up.  "If you need me..."
	"I know where to find you, Sister, thanks."
	Tsunami nodded and vanished.  Washu walked to the hallway and 
entered her lab.  She waited for the dimensional doorway to close 
behind her before she leaned against it.  She sank to the floor and put 
her head in her hands.  Alone in her lab, she began to weep again.

	Ryoko found Washu sitting on top of a hill near the shrine.  The 
sun was just beginning to set.  She materialized next to her and sat 
down.  "Hey, Washu."
	"Hello Ryoko," Washu replied.  "Did Tenchi forgive you?"
	Ryoko blinked in surprise.  "How did you...Oh, you looked in my 
mind again, didn't you?"
	Actually, she hadn't needed to.  "Yeah, Ryoko.  I did.  So, did 
he?"
	"Yeah, he did.  Sasami talked to him.  She told us why he got so 
upset.  We had no idea what that picture meant to him.  You see, we 
accidentally..."
	"I know, Ryoko.  I know."
	"Oh, well  Sasami sent me out here to find you.  Dinner's almost 
ready."
	"Thank's Ryoko."
	"Um...Are you okay?"
	Washu sighed.  "Yeah, Ryoko.  I'm fine."
	Ryoko looked out at the setting sun.  "It's beautiful, isn't it?"
	Washu looked over at her.  "Yeah, I guess it is."
	"I'd love to be out here watching this with Tenchi," Ryoko 
sighed.
	<So would I, Ryoko.  So would I.>
	Ryoko looked down in surprise as Washu moved closer to her and 
rested her head on her shoulder.  Ryoko thought about pushing the 
scientist away, but for some reason, didn't.  She found she really 
didn't mind.
	"Washu, are you sure you're okay?"
	"Ryoko, please, call me, 'Mom.'  Please?  I need to hear that 
right now."
	Ryoko blinked in confusion.  "Okay...Mom."
	Washu hugged her daughter tightly.  "Thank you.  Ryoko...I love 
you.  I know I don't usually show it, and I know I've never really been 
a mother to you, but I *want* to be one for you.  I really do."  She 
was on the verge of tears.  "Please," she begged.  "Please let me be 
your mother."
	Ryoko didn't know what to say.  Washu had never been what you 
might call an ideal mom, but then again it could also be said that 
Ryoko was never an ideal daughter.  She returned Washu's hug.  "Yeah, 
Mom.  I think I'd like that," she said, "If I can be your daughter."
	"I want that, Ryoko.  I really do."  She looked up at her 
daughter with tear-filled eyes.  "Everyone I've ever loved was taken 
from me," she told her seriously, "I was lucky to get one of them 
back."
	"Oh, stop it!"  Ryoko said.  "You're making me misty!"  It was 
true.  She was feeling the moment.
	They embraced.  When the sun sank below the horizon, bathing the 
shrine in darkness, they had not parted.
	
	
Author's Notes:
So, whadya think?  
I hold to the theory that Tenchi will eventually choose someone from 
the, "Other," category when he finally falls for someone.  This makes 
some people upset.  As I write these words, I'm sure several Ryoko fans 
are watching my house.  (Author parts the blinds covering his front 
windows and sees a pizza delivery van with a satellite dish on the roof 
across the street.  The van suddenly peals out and accelerates down the 
street only to be replaced a few minutes later by a florist van with a 
similar satellite dish placed its roof.)  I don't expect to live long 
enough to publish this piece, but if I do somehow avoid death, please 
send C&C to:

Thomas "009" Doscher
doscher009@hotmail.com

Do you think I pulled it off?  Is a romantic relationship with Washu 
possible?  How do I get my own Insta-Tux, and what size batteries would 
I need if I could?
