Disclaimer thingy - Tenchi Muyo is owned by pioneer and all that good stuff, and 
by no means do I own these characters or claim that I do because I dun want a 
letter bomb.  Okies now that that's settled read the story or something.

A Random Act of Madness
by Little Washu, duh.

	It was just another normal day in the Masaki residence; Sasami was cooking 
breakfast, Ryoko and Ayeka were fighting over Tenchi, Mihoshi was spaced out in 
front of the t.v with Kiyone nearby and Washu was tinkering in her lab.  
Suddenly Sasami rang a giant bell to signal breakfast and everyone sped to the 
table in less than 2.43 seconds.  Sasami then brought out the main course (yes 
there can be a main course at breakfast, don't yell at me!) and set it on the 
table.  Tenchi poked the breakfast food with his fork and it jumped up and 
screamed.  It started running away, but Sasami smacked it down with a large 
chair.  It curled up it's legs and died.
"All right now, we can eat it," Sasami said.  They were about to eat when it 
started raining lucky charms. 
"Aw damnit, how am I supposed to eat when hearts, stars, horseshoes, clovers and 
blue moons, pots of gold and rainbows, and a red balloon are raining on me?" 
Ryoko asked.  Noboyuki, although, was oblivious to this because he was reading 
his hentai magazines and drooling idiotically.  After they had eaten, (or 
complained about the little marshmallows) Mihoshi and Kiyone got on the table 
and riverdanced.  Ryo-Ohki started running around like a mad cabbit and hit a 
wall.  
"Hey everyone, I have a great idea!  Let's play dress up!" Sasami said.  
Everyone agreed because they are all at my mercy (mwa ha).  Mihoshi came out of 
the brand spankin' new dressing room first dressed like a pimp and Tenchi was 
her hooker.  (In the little miniskirt, fishnets and stilletos I might add) Washu 
and Ryoko came out next as Christina Aguilera and Britney Spears.  No one else 
got a chance to dress up because Washu and Ryoko had engaged in a huge catfight 
and tore up everything in sight. (Noboyuki was still uninterested because there 
was no mud and they still had their clothes on *thank God*) Sasami got sick of 
this and began to fly around on a giant maple leaf, and Yosho died.  Ryo-Ohki 
was still stuck at the wall trying to walk, but to no avail.  Suddenly Noboyui 
exploded and Yosho started decaying.  Tenchi suddenly realized he was in a skirt 
and squealed.  He tried to run into the dressing room, but slipped and broke 
himself.  Just then a huge clock struck noon!
. 
"Time for lunch!" Mihoshi yelled.  Since this was said, Noboyuki was magically 
back and Yosho was revived.
"I don't trust your cooking Sasami, so we're going out to eat," Washu said.  So 
they all get in their family bus and sang "Come on get happy" (er...wrong story)  
Actually they just teleported to some restaraunt in Tokyo.  As they sat down, 
Ryoko had somehow aquired an actual pirate costume.
"I'm a pirate, har har matey," laughed Ryoko.  Washu took her fork and stuck it 
in Ryoko's eye and yanked her whole eye out.  She then threw it at Tenchi and  
it fell down his pants. (I'm not this sick all the time, it's late and I'm 
crazy)
"Hey nice view," said Ryoko.  Lunch was obviously not fast enough, since Yosho 
had ripped off his arm and was already chewing on it.  Ayeka was blabbering on 
about something and was suddenly hit by a speeding dinner roll. (I didn't do it 
honest.)  After they had gotten the bill for one bajillion yen, (and that's a 
buttload of money right there) they decided it was about time to fly aimlessly 
into space on that poor cabbit. (who was still stuck at the wall I might add)
"What will I wear?" Mihoshi screamed.
"Let's go shopping," Kiyone said.  So they did.  They bought all the pretty 
stuff they could carry and crammed it into Ryo-Ohki, who had just busted the 
damn wall down. 
"Ready to fly?" Washu asked.  Everyone agreed and got in the cabbit spaceship.


End part 1

Join us next time (or not, you decide) for part 2 of this....story.  
Did ya hate it?  Did ya love it?  Email me and tell me!  Just...don't hurt me.
